	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer Animations. Raikon , 
Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong to me. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to 
Liz Holt. Final Fantasy 9 and Freya 
Crescent are owned by Square. Dyne is my creation as well. Enjoy. 
Warning..This is a lemon! Remember...you were warned...

***********************************************************************


	At the very center of the Thundara Ballroom there was a large platform 
where musicians played. At the marriage of Raikon and Kiyone Jurai, two mice 
women played, long into the night.
One was a petite mouse woman in a baby blue dress with her brown hair 
tied into a ponytail. The young woman was strumming a large harp that 
was taller than herself.
 The other was a slightly taller mouse woman in a sultry red satin 
dress. Her green eyes and short white hair made her seem very mysterious 
as she played the violin, and quite exquisitely so.
	 Raikon and Kiyone led the waltz. The entire room was filled with love. 
Couples dancing with one another. Lovers hand in hand, swaying and turning with 
the music. People who wanted nothing 
more than to stay in their other's loving arms.
Raikiyo looked over to Yukio and Akina, dancing in one another's 
arms...And in one another's hearts.
Akina had her arms around Yukio and rest her head on his shoulder as 
they danced.
Yukio's arms were protectively held around Akina's neck. They were a 
wonderful couple.
"Hey, honey?" 
"Hmm, Kiyone?" "When do you think they'll get married?"
"Probably sooner than we think."
"They're made for each other." 
"It's fate."
"Like us." 
"Yes, my love. Exactly like us."
Kiyone draped her arms around Raikon's neck and lay her head against his 
chest. He held her close to his body and kissed her head.
"Oh. Raikon." 
"Oh yeah."
Kiyone took in a breath. "Time to throw the bouquet!" she shouted. The 
mice women smiled and trailed off. 
A crowd of women approach. A humongous crowd. That included Mihoshi, 
Washu, Akina, Ayeka, and Ryoko, of course. Kiyone walked to a table and 
plucked up the bouquet. She turned around, closed her eyes, and tossed 
it behind her.
Momentarily, women who had special abilities flew at in and teleported 
into the air.
Nearly one thousand women crashed into each other momentarily.
"Gotcha!" Akina shouted proudly.
The women on the ground let known their disdain. They walked back to 
their partners.
Raikiyo looked over to Tenchi whom was being tugged on by Ryoko and 
Ayeka.
They rolled their eyes and brought their attention back to each other.
The mice women continued to play as people continued dancing. Akina and 
Yukio held to one another tighter now. 
Raikon was noticing an eyeing between Yukio and the taller mouse woman 
in the red dress.
	A young woman approached Kiyone and Raikon. "Mitsuki, how are you?" Kiyone 
said smiling. "Oh, I'm just fine, Princess Kiyone." "Drop the title, Mitsuki. 
We're friends. Meet my husband Raikon 
Jurai." She looked him up and down. "You lucky girl you. You actually 
caught Raikon Jurai. Nice to meet you, sir." Raikon bowed with a 
sweeping hand. "How do you do?" Kiyone's hand was clenching Raikon's. 
She trailed her fingers up and down his lower back. 
	"God, your lucky Kiyone. I mean, look at him. Besides him being a once 
wanted man, he's a hell of a man. A major hunk." Raikon blushed slightly. "I 
know," she said smiling.
"He's an incredibly good man. The sweetest person I've ever known."
"Yes. I heard. He saved your life. And saved the universe. Thank you, 
sir."
"You're welcome, Mitsuki. But it's no problem whatsoever. I only wish I 
could have gotten to the queen sooner. Although, thank God, there were 
only few people killed by those monsters. But if Kiyone hadn't come and 
arrested me, I wouldn't have met her and married her." Kiyone leaned on 
his shoulder.  
	"Hmm...," Mitsuki pondered. "You met each other a month and a few weeks 
ago, right?" 
"Yes." "Why did you get married so hastily?" Kiyone blinked. "Umm...I 
don't know. It seemed right. Fate." Raikon chuckled lightly. "If you 
really knew...You'd find...
I've known her all her life." This time Mitsuki and Kiyone blinked. 
"Umm...C-Could you explain on that honey?" "Yeah. I'm confused."
Raikon snapped his fingers. Kiyone's eyes widened. "Oh! Ooohhh...." She 
smiled and moaned, laying her head against Raikon's broad shoulder. She 
lightly kissed his neck.
	"It's somewhat difficult to explain. But something needed to be told. And 
now's a time as good as any...
	One night, I was in Saikyou...I couldn't sleep...So I decided to perform 
this technique called Mind Drifting. It allows the mind to drift throughout the 
universe and search for another to 
communicate with. A bond of fate found me Kiyone Makibi two and a half 
years in the making. I've always visited her in her dreams...ever 
since." 
"Yes..I remember now..," Kiyone said. She looked up. "As a baby he was 
like a protective guardian. As a young child he was like a warm, older 
brother.
As a preteen girl he was my far off boyfriend..." She giggled and began 
to blush. "And..
as a teenaged, young woman..." Her face turned more scarlet. "He was a 
lover in my dreams." "Yes," Raikon said, stroking her neck. "I'm sorry I 
banished the dreams to your deep subconcious...I couldn't let you 
remember right away. When you came through the atmospere of Saturn, I 
made the dreams leave you." "And you've known everything about me almost 
since I was born?" "Yes. I have." The cuddle, standing there.
"Whoa. That's amazing. Well, you two, I'll leave you be. See you guys 
later. And congradulations." "Thank you very much. Good-bye, Mitsuki." 
She walked off.
Raikiyo kissed passionately while standing there, then continued to 
waltz.
	Raikon noticed the eyeing between the violinist mouse and Yukio. Yukio 
nodded softly to her. She smiled and nodded back, then stood up. Suddenly, she 
leaped high into the air from off the 
platform. Everyone in the room looked up and saw her up high in the sky. 
She finally landed next to Akina and Yukio. She sweetly saronaded "Here 
Comes the Bride" on her violin. Yukio fell to one knee. "Akina?" He 
pulled a black velvet box from his pocket and opened it. A lovely onyx 
with a shining diamond in the middle was placed inside of it. Akina's 
eyes gleamed at the engagement ring. "Will you marry me?" 
She put her hands on either side of Yukio's head. "Oh, Yukio! I will!" 
Her eyes welled with tears. Yukio pulled the ring from the box and put 
it on her left ring finger. He stood up and hugged her tightly. The 
entire room room burst with applause. 
	Raikon turned his eyes to Kiyone. "I knew it." "Hmm...An engagement right 
after a marriage..." Raikon ran his hand down her back and hugged her close. 
They kissed each other sweetly in one 
another's arms. 
The mouse woman leaped back to the platform like it as nothing. She 
grinned as she sat down back into her seat. 
Akina's eye's were not yet dry and not likely to be so for a while.

***** 
 
	Finally...The night's events were over. People were leaving. The night was 
waning. The harp playing mouse woman walked out of the Thundara Ballroom and 
walked down the hall. The other mouse 
woman-the violinist-walked up to Raikiyo. "Did you enjoy our 
performance? Sir? Ma'am?" "Yes, very much so," Kiyone replied.  
Raikon smiled to her. "Tell me miss, what is your name?" "My name is 
Freya Crescent."
"Oh really? I think I've heard of that name before..."
"Possibly. I'm a Royal Dragon Knight of Burmecia. When I was young, I 
learned how to play the violin...I felt I should come to see this 
occasion." 
"You come from Gaia, right, Freya?" "Yes." "That's right. And you are 
the lover of Dyne, king of the reflourishing Burmecia?" She blushed. 
"Yes. I love him very much." "Where is he? Did he come?" "Yes he did, 
Prince Raikon. He was in our room and was at the ceremony. He said he'll 
be by soon." "The young king is now twenty, true?" "True. We've been 
together for two years.""And...He birthed one of Queen Garnet til 
Alexandros' childen? And she is his lover as well...True?" Freya sighed 
deeply. "Yes...True...But I still love him. He loves me too. And I know, 
also, he loves Garnet and his son." "That's good. How do you feel about 
that?" "I don't care...I just know that I love him deeply. He loves us 
both, me and Garnet, deeply. He care most about his son. He's a 
wonderful father. And a wonderful king. Not to mention a wonderful man 
and lover." 
	"He's also a Dragon Knight?" "Yes I am." A somewhat muscular mouse man 
with long, grayish blue hair falling to his middle back. He had comforting red 
toned eyes. He wore a green vest and a 
black muscleshirt with armor over his arms; he wore green pants; 
at the end of his tail was a piece of chain mail. He weilded a kind 
smile and a garnet set in white gold on his right ring finger.
	"Hello Prince Raikon. Princess Kiyone." "Good evening, King Dyne," they 
replied with a bow and curtsie. "Congradulations." "Thank you," Raikon replied. 
"Your country is being rebuild 
prosperously?" "Yes it is, very well. Garnet would have come but she's 
taking care of Alexandria and Burmecia as well as the children." Dyne 
swung his arm around Freya and she leaned against his shoulder. "We 
really should get going. Thank you for inviting us." Raikon and Dyne 
clasped hands. "Have a safe trip." "Wish you two the best." 
Dyne and Freya turned around and walked through the double doors of the 
Thundara Ballroom.
	Raikon and Kiyone were alone except for Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Washu, 
Sasami, and Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and Yosho whom were all sleeping in chairs. 
"Hmm...Let's get going," Raikon said to Kiyone 
with a suggestive smile on his face.
"Yes...Finally. We're going to be together." They walked out the doors 
and down the hall.
The Esuna House.
Raikon's Esuna House. The Honeymoon Suite.

	Kiyone and Raikon ran inside. She locked the door behind her and grinned 
at Raikon. "Stay there..." He stood in front of the bed as he watched her walk 
across the room and walk to a candle 
holder in the wall. He forgot what those candle holders did.
She looked at it then to him. Then back at it as she slowly pulled it 
down.
	The floor began to move down. "Oh..how could I be so stupid?" he said, 
then chuckled. She giggled. When the floor stopped, the wall was gone and went 
into another room. A training room. 
"Hmm...This shall be intriguing..." He chuckled, looking at the 
equipment. 
	"I'll be right back..," Kiyone said smiling. She walked off into a room in 
the side wall of the entrance to the training room.
Raikon looked around the room. Candles were everywhere. 
In a few minutes, she came out wearing a red and gold suit...
Her Evil-Kiyone suit.
Raikon smiled...Then looked to see she had something in her hand. It 
looked to be a small, orange ball with black rings on it.
"Here," she said, tossing the ball to him. "Put those on." 
	He unfurled it to find it was actually a pair of orange, tiger stripe, 
spandex thongs.
He blinked. She walked up to him and smiled. "Here. I'll help you." She 
unbuttoned his cloak and took off his jacket. He grinned and pulled off 
his shirt. She knelt down and unbuttoned his black pants and pulled them 
off.
He bent down and took off his boots and set them aside. She pulled off 
his undergarments and made a satisfied moan. "Mmm..." She looked up at 
his eyes. 
"Put 'em on." 
Raikon did as he was ordered. They were painful for the tiger. But if 
that is what his dear Kiyone wanted, then that would be what his dear 
Kiyone got. 
"I understand why they gave you the nickname 'The Tiger'." "That....
And for my 'feroscity'...regality...and...stealth." 
In the time of him being a convict, the Space Academy gave him the name 
The Tiger. For many reasons...A major one being the way Xeresei had 
died. There were also reasons that the SA didn't know about that made 
the title especially appropriate. 
This being one of them.
	As Kiyone stood up, she squeezed his wrapped package. It was as hard as a 
newly pressured diamond. An unbreakable rock. But Kiyone knew she could sooth 
it. Eventually. 
	She stood up and ran her hand along his chest. She pulled a round, silver 
thing from the latex bottom of her suit. Raikon let out a sigh. "A 
collar...Should have known."
She smiled and nodded up at him as she locked it around his neck. 
	Kiyone looped her finger under it and gave him a gentle tug. She brought 
him into the training room by his collar and brought him to a large table.
"Okay, honey. Lie down there." 
He hopped onto it and lie on his back. He saw slits in the table near 
where his wrists lay. He chuckled. She came back, just as he thought, 
with four leather straps.
	She pulled one up through each of slots and tied down his wrists and 
ankles. "Now," Kiyone began, smiling. "Let's start this off the way you like 
it." She winked. 
He watched her walk back into her dressing room and come back out with 
Funaho's gift.
His smile widened.
	She leaned over his face and kissed him. "I hope you have fun." "Don't 
worry. I will." She smiled and walked over to a candle on the wall and lit the 
44 centimeter long, Royal Teardrop candle. 
Raikon chuckled.
She walked to the end of the stone table. She began to drip the wax onto 
his ankles. He shuddered. She kept hovering above his ankles until they 
were stiff with red wax. She continued up his legs, Raikon moaning as 
she covered them with the violet wax. He moaned louder as she went 
higher. His legs were hardened with the stuff.
She finally reached his waist...the burning wax still dripping. He let's 
out a satisfied groan as she dribbled it over his abdomen. She skirted 
over his chest making designs with the hot wax on his tight, bare chest. 
"Aaaggggghhhhh.....Feels raturous!" Kiyone started laughing heartily. 
Globs of fiery purple wax freezed on his body, on his arms and 
shoulders. 
	Now the stick was at a short butt. "That was fun, wasn't it, my kitten?" 
"Yes, ma'am." He grinned happily. She flung the small column behind herself. 
"Let's get that off of you." She swung her 
hand across his body, sweeping off the wax.
"Mmm...God that was fucking amazing." "Oh. The prince has a naughty 
mouth." She backhanded him. "You enjoy tempting me," he replied, trying 
to ignore the slight sting.
"Yes. Your point being?" She pulled the leather straps from the slots 
loosing Raikon out from restraint. She looked to his waist. The tiger 
thongs were at what seemed stretched to capacity. 
She smiled. 
	Kiyone walked over to Raikon who was sitting up on the stone table. "Sorry 
I hit you." He cupped her cheek and kissed her. "It's fine." "I thought you 
might enjoy it. Hell, if the wax didn't 
hurt, how the fuck would I hurt you?" He smiled into her eyes as he 
kissed her. He stroked her face.
"Now who's got the naughty mouth?" "Oh my. I'm soo sorry. I'm supposed 
to dominate you, dammit!" She giggled. "But I can't...You're like a 
gentle flame...and I am but your precious candle...You are sooo 
sweet...I really am lucky." 
"Oh. You'll soon find out how lucky you are."
	She giggled as he swept her off her feet and walked over to the huge Esuna 
House bed. He set her gently onto it. "Finally...I'm going to have you." 
"Ay, I think the same my dearest," he replied. "Stay there." "Ravage 
me." 
He climbed onto the bed and unhinged the button the held her cleavage. 
Removing the cups, her breasts bounced and danced in the air. She pulled 
her legs close to herself and slipped off her red, plastique panties. 
She tossed them at his face.
They were somewhat moist.
	She suddenly grabbed Raikon's ankles and pulled off his tiger thong.She 
leaped to his waist and onto his swelling length. 
She bounced herself up and down on him.
Raikon grabbed Kiyone's waist and pushed her onto himself...strong...
She moaned and cried out in pleasure as he did so.  
Her hips bucked and back arched as she clawed his chest, pumping him 
into her.
He grabbed her hands and entangled her fingers with his.
He groaned deeply as he felt his length sliding hard into her tight, 
pink flesh.
She screamed, enthralled as his cock broke her hymen. A trickle of blood 
slid from her.
Kiyone swung back her head as her breasts jumped and slapped against her 
chest, pumping strong and hard into her vagina.
She panted and screamed rhythmically as she cummed on Raikon.
Raikon chuckled. Her juices flowed onto his stomach and rolled down into 
his navel.
Kiyone, still getting pumped by Raikon, leaned forward and slurped up 
her salty, candy juices.
She smiled up at him as she ate. He pushed her back and put himself on 
top of her still pushing into her, a swift pumping.
"Ugh, ugh ugh ugh! Mm! Mm! Mm! Uuuoogghh," she moaned.
She suddenly began to come. Cumming without halt. Her candy juices 
flowed like a burst dam. Raikon continued to push his dick in and out of 
her strong, hard, and deep.
Her hot cum spread over Raikon's penis and over, throughout the bed. 
He squeezed her breasts as he went into her faster, and deeper, and 
harder.
His pythonic muscle went betwix her tight labia and furry, straight, 
blue bush. He grabbed her legs to get a better push. She giggled with 
grand pleasure as he seized her.
Her cream flowed stronger still. They roared with moaning rapture.
Finally, for more than an hour not loosing, Raikon splurged. His cum 
shimming up her pussy. She screamed with groaning pleasure of him.
Still as potent.
Still as powerful.
Still as verile.
Still as rock hard.
	She couldn't believe it. He was still fucking hard. She felt an electric 
surge as he cummed inside of her. It was rapture upon rapture.
It felt strange to her, however. Not only was it her first time feeling 
this, but also, she felt something...A strange energy passing into her 
with the rapturous electricity.
	Raikon pulled her up to himself and kissed her, lovingly, sweetly.
	She slipped him out of him with difficulty, and brought her face to his 
Juraian cock and blue hairs. She opened her mouth and allowed it into her mouth. 
What a mouthful, was her first thought. 
She ran her tongue along his elongation and tickling his head, slurping 
at it, sucking it hard. It tickled her throat as she thrust her head 
forward and back, sucking his dick without halt.
	The way she juggled it around in her mouth, he couldn't believe. She was 
amazing. He was glad he met her 21 years before. Fate.
She slurped and swirled upon impossibility. She rubbed his testicles as 
she licked and sucked.
	Raikon shuddered with pleasure. She giggled with him in her mouth. He 
moaned. She continued to lick every inch of his length.
Finally, the amorous, rapturous feeling was at a zenith. Raikon came 
into Kiyone's mouth. She giggled as it jet down her throat and onto her 
tongue and along her cheeks. She sloshed it in her mouth and drank most 
of it. His hot semen was the best taste she'd had the honor of having on 
her lips. 
It dripped from her mouth and stuck to them in gooey strands when she 
opened her mouth. "Mmm...My God this is good.." "Aaahhh...I'm glad you 
enjoy it my love." 
He was still hard as a brick.
But a slightly softened brick.
Kiyone lunged forward to his side and kissed him. She wrapped her arms 
around him and hugged him close. He swung his arm around her and held 
her, kissing her. 
There they laid bare and naked and happy, newlyweds. Sweating, they laid 
and cuddled and kissed all into the night. They were in love and finally 
were able to express it. 

	The next morning...

"Wakey wakey love-birds!" "Huh..?" Kiyone groaned waking. Ryoko was 
there grinning.
Kiyone growled and pulled the sheet up to her nude body. "What the hell 
is the matter with you?!" she yelled, waving her fist at Ryoko.
She was suprised when she felt a buildup of plasmatic energy form in her 
hand. 
A thunder ball.  
*KKKKRAAACCCCKKKKZZZaaapppppp!!*
Ryoko was charred. "*cough*" 
Kiyone blinked, startled. "Wha-what's going on?" 
She looked over to see Raikon chuckling. "I passed power to you." 
"P-power?" 
"Yes my dear. You can now do many of the same things I can." 
"Wow." She giggled, and let go of the sheets. "Really?" She looked up at 
a blushing Ryoko.
She growled and gripped up her sheet, heaving out a sigh. 
	

