Disclaimer: I do not, despite what I wish to say, own Tenchi Muyo, any of its themes, or 
characters, or the state of California, which I thought I might add, just because I want to 
own that too. -sigh- Well, as long as I'm talking (writing), I might as well warn you that 
later chapters of this fan fiction are going to have lemon, or sexual scenes. (I.e. I'm 
bored, perverted, and have seen too many episodes of the show "Tenchi Universe", which 
I do not own either, unless it's included in the stock I own in the company "Pioneer". So, 
without further drunken ramblings, or any thanks to those of you who actually wasted 
your time and read the disclaimer, -losers-, I now present: 
Tenchi Muyo! No Need for a couple!
Tenchi Muyo!
No need for a couple!
By: GDBZ13 (Gino O.)
1: No need for a bad day!
	Ryoko rolled over in her bed. Another restless night, another bad dream. 
"Tenchi?" She whispered softly in her sleep, her delicate body rustling her long, 
turquoise hair. Ryoko wasn't in a bed, really, but a high perched rafter at the ceiling of 
her family's house, if you could call it a family. Her, Tenchi, the man she loved, who had 
cared for her, taken care of her, been there for her, and whom she loved more than 
anything, Aiyeka, a stuck up, spoiled, Juraian princess, Sasami, Aiyeka's sister, Mihoshi 
and Kihone, two galaxy police officers on special assignment to earth, Washu, a 
diabolical, mad scientist who was captured and frozen by a powerful space pirate and 
later saved by Tenchi and the others (there is no quick way to explain anything about 
Washu), of course Tenchi's dad, and grandfather, the only real family Tenchi has. and a 
Cat-rabbit-space ship-thing named Ryo-ohke, had lived all lived there, in that house on a 
lake front, in the Japanese hills, for two years now, and despite this, Ryoko (if your 
wondering her story, she is a space pirate wanted on several planets, the owner of Ryo-
ohke, and Aiyeka's arch rival) woke up, and yawned. a deep, sleepy yawn, followed by: 
"Well, it's a beautiful day. gosh, how boring." Ryoko seemed to be speaking to herself, 
but she knew she wasn't alone. "Right, Ryo-ohke?" 

"Meow! Meow meow!" Ryo-ohke cheerfully answered (yes that was an 
answer, only Ryoko can understand Ryo-ohke). 

"Good morning Ryoko!" Sasami beamed up, her delighted, bright, face, staring 
up at Ryoko. 

"Ohh. hey kid, breakfast ready?" 

"Almost Ryoko! Just a minute!"  

"Honestly, Ryoko, do you think about anything but food?" Aiyeka calmly 
descended the staircase, yawning loudly as she taunted Ryoko. "Really, I mean you just 
woke up and all you want is your breakfast, you mustn't care about anyone but yourself! 
I've never heard of such a thing!" 

"Well, I can see you're in a good mood today! Unfortunately for you princess, my 
manners aren't all, today, that you have never heard of!" 

"And just what do you mean by that?" 

"I mean that I'm going out with Tenchi tonight!" 

"Preposterous! Lord Tenchi would never go out with someone like you!" 

"Shows how much you know! I asked weeks ago! He said yes, and I nearly died! 
Of course I knew he would! We are having dinner and seeing a movie!" 

"Why you. stay away from my Tenchi, hear me you demon woman?" 

"Why you!" Aiyeka flew up to meet Ryoko and the quickly lunged for each other, 
getting each other in a death lock. 

"Tenchi loves me princess!" 

"You're really mixed up! He loves me!" They spoke through clenched teeth. 

"Hi Tenchi! You're breakfast is ready!" Sasami yelled to Tenchi across the room. 

"Uhhh? Ohh.okay, thanx Sasami!" Tenchi moved into the kitchen, not noticing 
Ryoko, or Aiyeka. "Tenchi!" Ryoko practically giggled the word out as she dropped 
Aiyeka, causing a loud thud, and sped for the kitchen. 



"So, Tenchi." Ryoko said, setting herself down next to Tenchi in an open seat 
around the breakfast table. "We are still on for tonight right?" "Hunh? Ohh. yeah, 
dinner! Yeah, sure! I've been looking forward to it, the movies tonight at 8 and dinner at 
10, we probably won't be back until 11:30 or so." Tenchi did the math in his head as 
Ryoko gazed at him, wide eyed. 

"Really! You were looking forward to it! I mean, of course you were! I can't wait 
either!" Aiyeka could barely believe her ears. 

"What? You're serious? You can't go with her!" 

"Don't worry Aiyeka! We are just going out! Don't get in a fight now, and blow 
up the dining room like last time!" 

"Yeah." Washu added in as she took her seat. "That took me nearly a full ten 
minutes to fix, of course, I could have done it faster but." 

"Plus Aiyeka, if you trust Tenchi, you've got nothing to worry about right!" 
Ryoko taunted. 

"You know, you're right Ryoko, I'm fine with you two going." 

"What? You are?" Ryoko thought aloud. "This really is a good day!"


Later that day at the movie theater.
	Tenchi walked with Ryoko, as she clung lovingly to his arm. "Now remember, 
you have to be on good behavior! No blowing things up or flying! It upsets people." 

"Whatever you say Tenchi." 

"Good, uhh. two adult tickets please?" Tenchi handed the money to the woman 
behind the counter. "Thank you."

	

"Hmmm." Aiyeka sighed as she turned over in her bed. "I wonder where Tenchi 
and that Demon Woman are. If only I could ever be alone with Tenchi, in this crowded 
house, (or out with him, like Ryoko). There are too damn many people here. If only I 
could be sure. every once in a while I feel a connection between Tenchi and I, but it's 
always distant in a minute or two. I have to find out how he feels before it's to late."

	

"Hmmm." Ryoko sighed deeply as she rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder and 
stared into the movie screen. It was a romance flick, Ryoko's favorite kind of movie. It is 
hard to see, but Ryoko really had a soft side (if you could get beneath the tough, ill 
temper that showed). Ryoko wondered, no. hoped, that Tenchi could see that about her. 
If only she could get the courage to stop being such a bully all the time and seriously talk 
to Tenchi, she would have a fighting chance. The thing is, that she is so damn light 
headed around him that she either turns into a Mihoshi-level klutz, or the bitchy pirate 
she was before she met Tenchi, and saw how much happier she could be, being on Earth, 
with him. Sometimes she wished Washu hadn't made her at all. "Damn you Washu, you 
had to go and make me so damn tough." she whispered.

	"Did you say something Ryoko?" Tenchi looked at her, a wondering expression 
on his face.

	"No. why?" Ryoko had made up her mind, she was gonna be honest with 
Tenchi, after that one, last, lie.


Tenchi looked down at the girl laying her head on his shoulder. She was really 
quite attractive, although obnoxious, but even then. not so much so anymore. He was 
her friend, and he always had been, since they met, but he knew she wanted more than a 
friendship. She looked so happy lying there like that, so warm, so sweet. All of her that 
had ever been so obnoxious and so mean melted away as Tenchi looked at her soft face, 
her red lips, even her catlike, yellow eyes. He noticed something in her that he had never 
noticed before, and a strange idea came to his head. -Maybe I like her? No...- he 
thought... -Ryoko's not my type. But if she were just more kind... I think that she is. 
She was just made too tough. Washu makes everything to tough.- "Damn you, 
Washu." he whispered.

"Did you say something, Tenchi?"

"No." he lied.

Tenchi and Ryoko sat at their table for dinner.
"This is my favorite Sushi restaurant Tenchi! How did you know?" 

"Uhh. Ryoko, you told me when we made reservations!"

"Ohh." Ryoko was trying her ass off, but it was no use, she kept screwing up! 
"Heh heh heh. sorry. (I have to not try so damn hard.)" She whispered the last part to 
herself. The waiter slipped in and set down they're meals. "Sooo... Tenchi. enjoying 
yourself?"

	"Ohh yeah. I'm having a great time! That was a good movie, but it was sad." 

	"It was sad. hey Tenchi."

	"Yeah?"

	"I wanna be like that girl in the movie some day."

	"You wanna die of aids!?"

	"No!"

	"Ohh. sorry, you wanna be an actress?"

	"NO! I want to fall in. ohh never mind! I keep screwing this up so I'll just flat 
out say it! Tenchi. I can't think about anything but you! Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, that's 
all I think all day, every day, every month, every year, since I met, and fell in love with, 
you. I know you think I'm stuck up, selfish, and lazy! And, I was, but now it's just an act! 
You taught me the values of being a good person, and giving more than taking, and 
earning what you need, rather than stealing. You were always there for me, to care for 
me, and help me. I know you care about me, and I know you're my friend, but I want 
more, and I have to know if you do, could, or don't love me. What am I thinking? That 
wasn't flat out saying it! What I meant was: I LOVE YOU." At least, that's what 
Ryoko wanted to say, but she froze up after the word "NO". 

	"What then Ryoko? Ryoko? RYOKO!? Are you alright?" Tenchi stared blankly 
at Ryoko.

	"Oh. no. I mean. I'm fine. sorry, I haven't been myself today." -Dammit! 
Why the hell can't I be honest with this boy! For god sakes! I've lived in the same house 
with him for more than two years! He's seen me naked! I've tried to kill him! I EVEN 
BLEW UP PART OF HIS FREAKIN HOUSE! How is it that I can't even, honestly 
tell him I love him?.- Then the answer came to her. -Because I love him.-

	"Hmm." 

	"What?" Ryoko was so self-conscious now, that it was making her jumpy.

	"Nothing. say, are you feeling alright, maybe we should go?"

	"No. I'm fine. Let's just enjoy the rest of the evening."

	"Okay." Tenchi gave Ryoko a smile, before he continued eating.

	-Wow, that was lucky. I guess I have to wait on this whole romantic, love 
confession thing. It doesn't matter though; Tenchi will always be there.- She thought to 
herself, as she stared at Tenchi for a moment, and then continued with her own dinner.

So, there it was! My first Tenchi Fic! Or at least the first chapter of it... anyway, send 
you're flares/compliments to GDBZ13@AOL.com
