--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MYOKO’S NOTE:

LEMON FOLKS! TEENY BOBBERS OUT!!! Nagi just can’t get enough. Guess taking
Ryoko wasn't enough. Ah well.... She finds a dude that seems to have caught
her attention. Guess what they do? >.< READ MAH FIC! SHUJIN- I have this
word in here a lot. It means master. And it's basically used for Ken-Ohki
upon addressing Nagi. Cause Nagi _is_ his master. Please send me any
comments. Flames shall be ignored. Now onto my lenom “No Need for a Love to
Call my Own“- Chapter 2.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No Need for a Love to Call my Own

CHAPTER 2 - Lonely Lover

By: Myo Myo

SOMEWHERE OFF IN DEEP SPACE....

    Nagi was relaxing on a chair in front the window of her massive ship.
She sat watching, gazing, looking at the stars and planets pass by. Ken-Ohki
was just drifting around, doing as much relaxing as his shujin. Nagi was
about to drift off herself when a question just flew through her thoughts.

    "Ken-Ohki, do you think I should settle for a man?"

    "Merow?"

    "You know. A _man_. Boyfriend maybe?"

    "MAROW!!"

    "Norou, It was just a suggestion. Let's go over to Kyoto then. I heard
they have the best damn bars downtown."

    "MEROW!!^^"

    "Ok then, plot a course back to Earth. Let's go get us a drink ne?"

    "REAOW!!^^"

    "And you, some carrots. Heh."

    "REEEAARRR!! ^_____^!!!"

    Ken-Ohki fires up his engines and blasts off full speed back toward
Earth. Nagi grinned to herself. <Maybe I do need a man. I could make him do
all the shit I don't feel like doing...> In the darkness of deep space,
dashing up speeds of a thousand lightspeeds per second, she smirked in spite
of herself.

ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WORLD...

    Late one Saturday night, Sion, Kou, and Volt were up late at a bar down
in downtown Kyoto called FATE talking about what happened that day. The trio
was talking business about the Mikado Group. A dark and mysterious group of
people that Volt seems to know quite a bit about, but won’t reveal exactly
how he knew so much on them. Sion thinks he was tied up with them once in
his life. But isn’t sure himself.

    Speaking of life, neither Kou nor Sion knew more than Volt’s been
working at FATE for the longest time and the fact that he’s got piercings
all over his face. Kou and Sion used to joke that if Volt took off his
piercings, that he’d look like a piece of Swiss Cheese!

    Sion, 19, was the youngest and was most cunning of the group at FATE, he
lost his love a year ago, which caused him to distance himself from others.
However, Dominique’s interference with FATE is slowly helping him to open up
again. He always wears ice around his neck along with his favorite brand of
clothing, Dog Street.

    Volt Krueger, 27, the eldest and was most experienced was also a bouncer
at FATE. He was your typical tall, blonde, and voluminous type. Though he
has a quiet demeanor, Volt’s size, strength, and distinct facial piercing
inflict a cold fear in most people. But Volt was probably the most dependant
of the group since he’s been in on it for the longest.

    Kou Leifoh, 25, the last and most sexy of the group at the bar FATE. Kou
is easily excited and is a bit of smooth talker at tight times; his mood
changes around his friends. Kou’s great fighting abilities are unmatched.
Along with his full body tattoo. The reason to his getting a tattoo like
that is still a mystery. As goes for Volt’s peircings.

    Kou sat next to Sion and continued talking about Mikado with his fellow
comrades. Kou plopped on the couch across from Sion who looked up as Kou
spoke.

    “We’re close though. I can feel it. We’ll beat Mikado if it’s the last
thing we do, right guys?”

    “Right on, Kou! We’ll kick major Mikado butt!”

    Kou and Sion continued to poke jokes at how lame the Mikado Group was.
Volt was just listening while puffing on a cigarette. Volt stood up to
announce his exiting the group.

    “Hey guys, I’m heading in early. Sion, you better get some rest too.
We've got a long day ahead of us. What about you Kou?”

    “Hm. Naw, I think I’ll stay a up while. You guys go on ahead. Night
dudes.”

    “Night.”

    “G’night Kou.”

    The guys left Kou to sit alone in the bar called FATE to think about
things he never thought about thinking of. <A girlfriend... I sure wish I
had one right now...> He thought in the darkness as he clicked off the light
and sat back down, leaning back on the soft cushiony couch, sighing as he
did so.

    <I need to find a girl. Maybe I‘ll never find one that suits me...> Kou
reflected as he drifted off to sleep in the moonlit night. <Or maybe I
will...> Kou thought as he saw a star fly across the sky.

    Ken-Ohki landed on the outskirts of town. Nagi emerged with her cloak
and Ken-Ohki on her shoulder. They walked until they reached the city’s
limits. As Nagi walked in the downtown area, men and women alike all stared
at the bounty beauty. Men were taunting Nagi, not knowing of her true
capabilities. Women were asking her for some. She just bypassed the lack of
common sense. One guy had the courage and the nerve to take hold of her
shoulder to keep her from walking.

    “Hey babe, how’s ‘bout you and me go-”

    “Why don’t you go to HELL!?”

    Nagi then side kicked him in the gut and sent him flying into a
dumpster, denting it persistently. Guys drew back from her as her eyes
reflected against the moonlight that shaded half of her face, making her
look incandescent against the pale light.

    “Anybody else want some?”

    Nagi asked in husky low tone. The guys shook their heads then scampered
in every which way, screaming and running into objects and then falling. She
grinned to herself. <Yup, I still got it...> She walked under the aid of the
moonlight as she came across a bar. FATE was its name as she walked in its
doors. Ken-Ohki bounded off into the kitchen to do whatever it felt.

    Kou sat up as she made her entrance. He was sitting quietly in the
darkness. But, even in the darkness, with the moons luminous shade, Kou
could see this female was something to look at. Kou was intrigued by her
physique. Nagi slid her cloak off and throwing it at the male which she
assumed was eyeing her with that same stare all those supplementary guys
had. But not him. He was eyeing her differently, almost curiously, almost...
lovingly.

    He caught the cloak in mid flight. Nagi grinned in the darkness. She
though he was endearing and walked over to his sitting form. He gasped
quietly as he looked her up and down now that her body was fully visible in
the pallid moonlight.

    She was gorgeous. Nagi’s body glided towards him, mounting Kou as he
felt his manhood scream out to him, pressing against the fabric of his
army pants. Nagi’s fingers traced his bare chest underneath his vest. She
raked her nails over his nipple then massaged it gently between her index
finger and thumb. She did the same to his opposite nipple with her
unoccupied hand. He groaned and rolled his head back as she continued to
massage his smooth-to-the-touch-skin.

    She just grinned and leaned forward, kissing him, sliding her tongue
deep into his oral cavities. He groaned and slid his hands up her back and
down to firmly grasp her ass cheeks in his hands. She gasped, breaking the
kiss for air, leaning into the crook of his neck. Kou stared nipping her
neck and licking the flesh gently.

    He kissed every inch of her neck, leaving a wet slickness on her flesh.
She whimpered and shivered in his hands as he pressed his fingers on a spot
up between her legs. She threw her head back in a moan, leaning forward to
taste his lips once more. Nagi’s lips traveled from his jaw line to the
crook of his neck and then up to his ear. Nagi slid her tongue over Kou’s
earlobe then suckled it delicately.

    “Hey... what’s your.... name anyway...”

    “Kou... mmmm... Leifoh...”

    “... Nagi....”

    He slithered his hands to her front, but was stopped by a pair of downy
hands. He looked up into her crimson eyes, shaded by the moonlight. Nagi
bent forward and smirked while whispering words upon his lips.

    “Uh uh uh... provocative aren‘t we...”

    Her husky low voice sent shivers up his spine. He glanced at her form
once more before she dismounted him. She stood up and called Ken-Ohki. He
emerged from the kitchen and meowed low, holding a single carrot in his
mouth. Kou stood up as Nagi glanced up at his form before leaving.

    She grinned and dashed out the doors of the bar called FATE. Kou noticed
the cloak within his hands. He ran out the door only to meet the darkness
that provoked him.

    “Hey! You forgot your... ah screw it. “

    Kou said as he looked at the cloak. He held it up to his nose and took a
whiff of Nagi’s scent lingering upon the soft material. Kou tossed it over
his shoulder and stood, hands in pockets, gazing up at the star filled sky.
<Nagi...> He thought to himself. He’d never heard the name. He thought she
must be from somewhere else. Boy was he right.

    He wanted to see Nagi again. He wanted to just feel her hands on his
chest, her soft whimpers in his ear; he felt the need to rip her clothes off
and.... Kou shook his head and blinked. He smirked and headed back into
FATE.

    <Ya know, I think I’ll go and look for her. She may come back pissed and
shit. I don’t want that happening.... > He thought as he decided to head out
in search for the infamous Nagi. <Did that really happen to me?> Kou thought
as he stopped to think about the beauty coming from no where, kissing him
and rubbing his body, then grinning as she left. He just sighed and decided
to make sure this wasn't a dream.

IN A HOTEL, MOTEL, HOLIDAY INN...

    *WHAM*

    “WHAT THE HELL DO YOU MEAN I LEFT IT IN THE BAR!?”

    Nagi screeched, slamming her fists on the solid counter top. Her anger
shown brightly in her fiery eyes as her cabbit merely tried to explain to
his shujin what had happened to her cloak. Eyes blazing with a fire that had
the cabbit’s fur standing on end.

    “Rer... merow... reeeearrr.... roroweoorr...”

    “I LEFT IT WITH WHOM!?”

    “Reow...”

    “WHAT! Him....”

    Ken-Ohki gazed at his shujin. Nagi had calmed down on saying 'him'.
Ken-Ohki eyed his shujin carefully as she closed her eyes. Nagi’s mind
traced back to her recent encounter with the man. She’s never felt that way
about anyone nor had she ever let a man touch her in that manner. And she
would be damned as hell to let this man get to her. Nagi knew she had to
keep her mind on track. But the guy was hot! She would just let it slide
tonight.

    “I’m going out Ken-Ohki. To... just think...”

    Nagi headed out the door to the forest near by, leaving Ken-Ohki behind
to wonder about his shujin’s expression upon her face. He’d never seen her
like that. She was always so dark and threatening around men.

    Ken-Ohki remembered hearing his shujin moan that night at the bar and
running out to find a man touching her on her behind. He sat in awe and just
watched this man touch his shujin. But his shujin did nothing to prohibit
nor did he do anything to get in the way of his shujin's pleasure.

    He meowed in confusion, circled three times on the counter, and decided
to slumber, thinking about his shujin and this man that made her moan in a
way Ken-Ohki has never heard.  Well, except when his shujin slept with the
pirate, Ryoko... He sweat dropped at the thought.

    SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW....

    Kou found out by onlookers, hoodlums, and drunkies that they’d seen what
they called a ‘weirdo’ head off into the forest. The dark description proved
to be that of Nagi’s all right. He walked around the forest for a while. An
acorn fell from the tree and conked him on the noggin.

    “>.<! What in the- hum?”

    Kou scratched his head and peeked around in time to catch Nagi taking
off her what looked like battle armor. He crouched now, slowly watching this
goddess with hazel eyes filled with curiosity.

    Nagi sat down and striped out of the tough armor then removing the soft
jump suit underneath. Kou’s eyes widened. He’d never seen a girl’s body
before. Especially not like _this_ one.

    Nagi stepped into the warm water and lay back sighing as she did so. He
knew she wasn’t human because human women didn’t look _this_ hot. Nor did
they have weird looking pets that looked like the cross between a rabbit and
a cat. Kou thought he’d go to get a better view when he stepped on a tree
twig.

    *SNAP*

    Nagi sat up. Kou stood still. He froze not knowing what to do. He looked
back and saw that she had remained still, looked about, then relaxed. So he
sighed and slowly rose and turned in time to cope with a pair of breasts.

    “AH!” Kou stumbled backwards over a tree root and into the hot spring.

    *KER SPLASH*

    He surfaced and looked up as Nagi emerged from the forest fully naked of
course. So, he just looked up and down her _very_ sexy body.

    “What the hell are _you_ doing here? And why were you spying on me?” She
asked in a low husky voice. She eyed over Kou’s form come up out of the
spring with eyes of blood.

    “I’m sorry. I just came to return you cloak. You left it at the bar. I
wasn’t spying on you. I didn’t mean any harm either. I‘m gonna leave now if
you don‘t mind.”

    He said with his usual smooth, sexy tone, dripping wet. Kou then whipped
his head around a few times to get rid of the excess water. She grabbed her
cloak as she noted he was walking away. Kou went only a few feet when a hand
touched his shoulder.

    “Oh no you don’t. I don’t want you going around and telling people of my
existence. You‘ll refer to me as Nagi-sama. Understand?” Nagi said, turning
him around to face her eyes burning into his.

    “WHAT? You can’t just keep me here!! I can leave if I wan-”

    He stopped that last word because Nagi held her sword up to his throat
and pressed hard into the flesh. Threatening him to stay put. <HUH! She’s
naked! Where in the world did she get that sword? Uh... never mind. There is
only one place to hide a sword on a naked woman.... > Kou thought to himself
while trying to get a peek at her crotch. Failing, he just fixed his eyes
into her crimson pools of blood.

    “Yes. Nagi-sama....” Kou answered, sighing. He stood watching as she
walked back to the hot spring to take a rest in the hot water. He just
watched her nude form sink into the  steamy water making her sexy form look
like one of his wildest fantasies. <What have you gotten your self into this
time Kou...> He thought to himself sighing again, but heavier.

    “Do those tattoos run all over your body?” She asked, while over looking
his built form, flashing him a smirk of utmost sexiness. She never noticed
them in the dark back at the bar. But he looked better, now that she could
see all of his facial and physical features.

    “Wouldn’t you like to know...?” He answered flashing her back a smirk.
Nagi grinned. <Cocky.... I like that...>

    “Wash my back...”

    Nagi ordered Kou who just grinned as she stood up to walk over to a rock
that was a few feet in front of the lip on the spring. She leaned over the
small rock exposing all of her backside to him. Kou stepped knee deep into
the spring and sat behind her on the brim of the hot spring.

    He took a sponge she handed him and absorbed some water into it and
began in slow rhythmic motions around on her back. He heard her moan and
remained slow an rhythmic. He smirked to himself as he listened to her sexy
moans cope with her blissful facial expression. She turned around and
stopped him.

    “Now the front..”

    Nagi ordered with a slight grin, panting slightly, looking up into his
hazel eyes. He smiled, but kept it to him self as she turned to her front
and motioned him to come into the water with her. He took off his black vest
and army pants an boots. Nothing left but his Scooby Doo silk boxers.

    “So they do run all over. Cute boxers...” Nagi said to her self huskily
with a grin, while looking him over an licking her lips.

    He waded into the water. She leaned back against the rock, exposing her
large bust in his face as he sat with her thighs over his, crotch wide open
to him. Kou looked down at her light blue pubic hairs and felt his cock
spring into action. He just kept his mind on track as he started rubbing the
center of her chest with the warm sponge.

    “No.... here...”

    Nagi moved his hand over to her left breast. Kou smirked and he just
started moving his hand around. Gliding the sponge up an over her breast.
Stopping momentarily to press harder on her nipples. She groaned as her head
rolled back and she started breathing harder.

    At that moment, Kou removed the sponge, replacing it with his
tongue, leaning forward and licking her nipple. Nagi's skin crawled from the
new experience, but slid her fingers into his brunette hair and encouraged
him on with moans of ecstasy. His other hand started to massage
her neglected breast, pinching, twisting, pushing, pulling, tugging,
and rubbing the hardened nipple. Then, going back to massage the creamy
mound, eliciting soft whimpers of anticipation from the deadly but in his
power bounty.

    He took her nipple into his hot mouth, swirling his tongue around the
nitty gritty. Nagi moaned like hell, saying Kou's name over and over never
wanting this wave of passion to end as Kou worked on her firm bust with
ease. She pulled him up and kissed his sweet lips driving her tongue deep
into his means of access. He moaned as he felt her hands roaming his boxers.
She felt along his length and broke the kiss, licking up the saliva that
connected the two lovers. He looked into her eyes, now filled with mischief
as she rose taking him with her.

    “We can finish this in my ship...”

     Nagi said as she grinned at him. As if on command, Ken-Ohki woke with a
start and bounded off. He found his shujin and leaped into the air, making
with the big ship. Kou stared at the ship, gawking at the sight.

    "You'll get used to it. Trust me..."

     Nagi smirked at Kou who just stared at her. Ken-Ohki obeyed his
shujin’s wish and beamed the two onto the ship and in the middle of her vast
room. Nagi was laid out on her bed awaiting her wish for her night of
passion with this man.

    “Ken-Ohki, dim the lights.“

    “MEROW!”

    The room darkened only enough to see his eyes and the tone of his sexy
body along with the contour lines of his tattoos aligned with his muscles.
He looked around and then down at Nagi, who laid with her legs spread wide,
acknowledging him to go on with his means of access.

    “Please me...”

    Nagi ordered him. Kou obeyed and slid out of his silk boxers and walked
over to the velvet bed. Nagi moved up to the head of her bed and rested her
head upon her pillows of pure silk. He followed and stood on his knees in
the dim room. In response to this, he heard her gasp in the dark.

    In the silence of the dark, as he moved closer, her eyes trailed down to
his 9-in. monster, stiff and awaiting entrance to her femininity. Nagi
eyes widened in disbelief at Kou's large member. <I didn't know they could
get _that_ big! Will.... that even fit in me? > Nagi thought to her self
still astonished at the mere sight of his ready-to-go pleasure rod.

    “What’s wrong? Never seen one this big?”

    Kou asked sexily. Nagi just looked up, speechless as he licked his lips
at the bounty. Kou was the one the grin now as he lowered his cock to her
opening, teasing her entry by sliding it around her lips beneath her hips.

    "Stop... teasing... me.... damn you. Fuck me already..."

    Kou grinned big at the way she said that, slow and sexy; almost
pleadingly. He thought that maybe he should just tease her a bit more.
Smirking with naughtiness, he leaned close to her ear and licked her earlobe
teasingly while pressing his body on hers.

    "Nagi, how bad do you want this?"

    "Bad...."

    "How bad?"

    "Real.... bad..."

    "I can't hear you Nagi. Would you mind saying it again.."

    She felt the heat rise as he kept playing around, poking and pushing the
tip of his cock against her throbbing clit.

    "DAMNIT! PLEASE KOU! I... I need to feel you in me now..."

    "Hmm, well..."

    "FUCK ME DAMN YOU! SCREW MY BRAINS OUT! JUST SLIDE IT IN ALREADY!"

    "If that's the way you want it..."

    Nagi closed her eyes as she felt his manhood entered her tight opening,
with an agonizing slowness that had her begging him to go all the way into
her. She slid her arms around his neck. Nagi moaned as their bodies created
a heated friction that made her writhe with pleasure underneath his powerful
form. With one hard thrust Kou rammed his manhood deep into her folds.

    “UUUUUUUUHHHHHHH..... YESSSSSSS!!!”

    Nagi screamed out loud as she felt him fill her completely. Kou pushed
in and out rapidly non-stop. Nagi’s breathing became more ragged along with
Kou’s. They screamed and moaned in ecstasy. He gripped her hips and thrust
even deeper. Nagi wrapped her legs around him to ensure he'd go deeper.

    “KOU!! UHHHHHH.... KAMI.... YEAAAA!!!”

    Nagi’s mind was drifting into a universal world of pleasure she’s never
felt before. <UH! God she’s tight!> Kou thought to himself as he reached for
her breasts and squeezed them, emitting more moans of sheer pleasure from
her. Nagi dug her nails into his back and hissing him on as beads of sweat
made its way down her face.

    Kou’s chest was glistening with droplets of dampness that washed over
him as he continued to pump faster and harder into her as his torso pressed
tightly against Nagi's firm bust. Kou thrust as far as he could, grunting
and groaning in pleasure. Nagi met each of his thrusts with her own, bucking
her hips wildly to match Kou's every thrust. Nagi threw her head back and
screamed in passionate bliss.

    “OH GOD KOU!! I... I’M GONNA CUM!!!!”

    Nagi shouted as she bucked her hips upwards and came all around Kou’s
cock. Kou gave one last thrust as he shot his seed deep into her love canal
screaming her name as he did so.

    “NAGI!! UHHHHHHNNNNN!!!”

    Nagi fell back onto the bed breathing hard. He slid off and laid next to
her exhausted form. Kou grinned hazily to him self as he watched her chest
slowly heave up an down in the darkness. Kou then rolled Nagi onto her
stomach.

    Nagi, finally being conscious of what was going on, howled in pain as
Kou slid his 9-in. cock into her anal cavities. He slid is cock all the way
into her asshole. He pumped her ass, slapping his balls against it.

    Nagi felt true pain for the first time as he fucked her ass. She tried
to calm down, but the pain was too much for her ass. Soon, the pain subsided
and Nagi’s face was twisted in a mix of pain and desire. She groaned and
screamed asking for more, wishing him not to stop, but to unlock the passion
she so longed for to be released. Hearing her pleas and cries, Kou fulfilled
her desires and rammed harder into her anus.

    “UHHHHHHHH....... KOU!! PLEASE DON’T STOP!! HARDER!!! YESSSS!!!!”

    Kou felt his cock swell as he shot his cum deep into Nagi’s ass. She
yelled out and fell forward grasping the sheets. Kou was lying beside her
now as she placed her crotch in his face as she was faced with his cock. She
slid her tongue teasingly over the tip. Kou groaned in pleasure.

    He gripped both of her ass cheeks and slid his tongue deep within her
folds. Kou attacked her clit with his tongue and sucked her opening, sliding
his tongue inside her sweet petals. Her back arched forward and she hollered
out in inclination. She held his cock and slid all 9 in. of it down her
throat. Kou moaned loudly, creating a vibration in Nagi’s ass as she
continued to bob her head up and down on his cock.

    Kou slid his fingers into her entry hole and started to pump them
rapidly in and out. Nagi moaned and came almost instantly all over his face.
Nagi sustained sucking Kou dry as she grasped his testicles in her hands and
massaged them gently. He groaned and licked her deeper. Kou tugged on her
clit with his teeth as he continued to tease the small nub. Nagi started to
grind her hips against his face, groaning loudly deep in her throat.

    Kou whipped his head back in a howl that could wake an entire town. His
seed shot down into her throat. She managed to get most of it, gulping the
salty substance loudly. She turned around and wiped the remaining cum with
the back of her arm crudely revealing a grin. Nagi kissed Kou with all the
passion she could muster from her worn out body. Their juices mixed in the
heat of the night as the kiss was betrothed between the two lovers.

    As the kiss broke, Kou was breathing heavily along with Nagi’s rather
ragged breathing. She laid her head on his sweat-coated torso. Nagi listened
to his heart. Bump bumping in his chest, the rise and fall underneath her
own, and his intoxicating scent that filled her nostrils with an unfelt
pleasurable feeling she’d never felt before.

    She turned her head upwards and gazed hazily at this man lying under
her. Under her protection. Under her watchful eyes of hunger for him. Kou
noticed she was staring at him for some time. He just smiled goofily at her.
Nagi smiled back at this man. This man in whom she’s never felt so much love
for even though she didn’t know him. She reached a hand up to his cheek and
touched it tentatively.

    Nagi ran her thumb over his lips as a tear escaped the corner of her
eye. He leaned forward and kissed her tears away. She placed her hand behind
his neck, pulling him close into a kiss.

    She kissed his lips ever-so slowly, sliding her tongue into his mouth
and tasting him, running her tongue all over his teeth, savoring the moment.
He responded by sliding his tongue into her mouth as well. Kou slid his
hands down her back and then back up again. She shivered and pressed deeper
into the kiss. Their tongues continued to dance until she released his
tongue and looked into his soft hazel eyes and whispered while brushing
traces of his brunette hair from his face.

    “Kou... I love you. And I don‘t even know you.”

    Kou gasped as she kissed his lips, stopping his response. More tears
escaped as she tried to stop them from over coming her. She loved him. She
couldn't hide it anymore from him. From battle, from Ryoko. She just told a
man she didn't even know she loved him. But she didn't care. She knew he was
the one for her.

    Kou slowly pulled the velvet sheets over them. She slid off his chest
and snuggled closer to him, wanting to feel the warmth radiating from his
well-toned, well-shaped, well-tattooed body. He stroked her light blue hair
and pressed kiss to her forehead.

    “Nagi-sama...” Kou whispered in the now darkened room.

    “Nagi... just... Nagi...”

    She whispered into his neck while kissing it gently. She found a certain
place on his neck and licked it gently, then sucked on the flesh, releasing
it. She hissed and sank her fangs into the soft flesh. Then licking the
blood from the wound.

    “AH! What did you do that for!?”

    “You belong to me now, Kou Leifoh. I’ve marked you as my own. No one but
I can touch you. And no one but you can touch me. You’re mine as well as...
I’m yours....”

    Kou felt shocked. This devilishly sexy woman owned him as of now. He
was happy though, that he’d finally found the one that fit those dark
descriptions in the far reaches of his mind, the one that fit his dreams and
his destiny, the one that he can share life’s toughest moments with. Is this
woman someone he can spend the rest of his life with? <Yeah...> He thought.

    “Tell me you love me, Kou Leifoh.”

    “I love you, Nagi. With all my heart an soul.”

    Kou said as he felt more kisses along his collarbone and down onto his
chest. He felt a tongue flicker across his nipple and then teeth grazing
along it. A hand gripped his length, squeezing it gently.

    “Again? We just had ourselves one hellova Fuck Fest.”

    “Listen, are you arguing with _me_? The best goddamn bounty this
universe has ever seen? WHEN I SAY SCREW ME, YOU DO IT! GOT IT?.”

    “All right, geeze, chill, whatever you say... Nagi. WHAT YOU-YOUR A
BOUNTY HUNTER!?”

    "Why of course. Women don't come from any damn place looking this hot do
they?"

    "Um..."

    "Heh, thought so..."

    She straddled his hips, sliding his length deep into her soft moist
folds once more. She moaned slightly and Kou grunted as she adjusted to his
length again.

    But, in the stillness of the dark, a sly glint shown in her blood
colored eyes as she has now dominated the dominator. And once again, in the
darkness of deep space, hovering over the planet called Earth, she smirked
in spite of herself...

END

Chapter 2