No Need for a Day Out
By Around the Fur


	And now the fourth part.  This is to make up for the lack of 
Sasami in the last chapter.  All characters belong to Pioneer/AIC and 
not me.  Some lemons scenes,so no one under 18 should read this,but if 
you're over 18,enjoy!  As for the many conversations with Ryo-ohki,think 
of it as the equal to the conversations with R2-D2 in the Star Wars 
movies,i.e. the characters know what she/he/it's saying,but the viewer 
does not.


The Masaki residence,early morning...


	Ryo-ohki hovered above the Masaki household.  Onboard,Tenchi had 
just grabbed his small suitcase when Ryoko phased him and herself down 
to the front door.  Ryo-ohki turned back into her cabbit form and 
plodded in front of the door,miya-ing all the way.
	"Shhhh!  Stop that,you don't want to wake up anyone,do you?" 
Tenhci whispered.  Ryo-ohki miya'd apologetically as Ryoko unlocked the 
front door and stepped in,followed by Tenchi.  Meanwhile,upstairs,Sasami 
was just waking up.  She slipped out of her pajamas and into her house 
clothes and carefully slid the door open,not wanting to wake her sister 
up.  She came down the stairs,and saw Ryoko sitting on one of the 
couch's armrests.
	"Hey there.  What're you doing up this early?" she asked,floating 
over to the young princess.
	"I always get up this early,to cook breakfast,remember?" Sasami 
said,giving her a hug,"Where's Tenchi?"
	"Oh,he went upstairs to his room to get changed.  He should be 
back down in a minute."
	"So what did you do during your trip?" Sasami asked innocently.
	"I'll give you all the details tonight,alright?" Ryoko promised.
	"Alright,I can't wait!" Sasami said,exited,"I guess I'll get 
started on breakfast.  Anything you want me to make?"
	"Hmmm,how about some unagi,for Tenchi?  He's kinda exausted from 
our trip." Ryoko said.
	"Okay,I'll see if I can find some." Sasami said before going into 
the kitchen,Ryo-ohki at her heels.


Later,after breakfast...


	Ryoko lay sprawled across the couch,absorbed in another one of her 
shows and munching on some sort of snack food.  Ayeka sat adjacent to 
the space pirate.
	"I honestly don't see how you can eat all that junk food and never 
gain any weight." Ayeka said.
	"Guess that's one of the advantages to being the daughter of the 
greatest genius in the universe." Ryoko said smugly,finally proud of the 
fact that Washuu was her mother.  
	"Did someone mention my name?" Washuu's voice came from the door 
to her lab.
	"No,now go away." Ryoko said bluntly,all the disadvantages of 
being the daughter of Washuu coming back to her.
	"Is that any way to talk to your mom?  Anyway,have either of you 
seen Tenchi?  It's time for his annual check-up..." Wahsuu said,stepping 
out of the doorway.  Ryoko and Ayeka simultaneously jumped up and faced 
Washuu.
	"If you lay one hand on him..." they both said.
	"Oh relax,would you?  I'm not going to hurt him..."
	"That's not what I had in mind.  I seem to recall you trying to 
get a certain 'sample' from him..." Ryoko said,her anger rising.  Ayeka 
was shocked.
	"I-is this true,Miss Washuu?  I can't believe you'd do something 
like that to poor Tenchi!"
	"Both of you,quiet!  I'll turn you into water sprites again if-"  
Before Washuu could finish,both the girls were back on the 
couch,watching the rest of their show.
	"That's better," Washuu said as Tenchi walked downstairs,"Oh,there 
you are,Tenchi."  Tenchi's eyes bugged and he ran for cover,ducking 
between Ryoko and Ayeka.
	"Oh come on Tenchi,I promise I won't hurt you,I just want to see 
how you're doing,alright?" Washuu pleaded with Tenchi,who stuck his head 
up between Ryoko and Ayeka like an animal being tempted with a sugar 
cube.
	"Oh alright,but no tentacles or needles or...You get the point." 
Tenchi said,walking over to Washuu.
	"I promise." Washuu said as she escorted Tenchi into her lab,her 
fingers crossed behind her back.


Inside Washuu's lab...


	Tenchi was strapped to a vertical steel table,spread-eagle and in 
his boxers.  He wondered why he let Washuu do this.
	"I understand all the medical stuff and everything,but do I 
*really* have to be strapped to this table,half-naked?" he asked boldly.  
	"Of course not,you just look so cute in your undies." Washuu said 
in a baby-ish voice.  Tenchi sweated nervously.
	"Alright,now just stay still,I'm gonna see how your brainwaves are 
acting.  By the way,do you think you can test out my new 
interdimentional doorway today?" Washuu asked,typing something into her 
holo-top.  Tenchi nodded.
	"Thanks,I've been meaning to test it out myself,but I never have 
the time." Washuu said relieved.
	"Hey Washuu,I've been meaning to ask you something..."
	"Yes?  What is it?" Washuu said,glancing up from her work for a 
minute.
	"I was wondering,suppose Ryoko and I want to have a kid..."
	"No possible way,I thought she told you on the trip,didn't she?" 
Washu said,not breaking from her work.	
	"Huh?  How'd you know?" Tenchi asked,confused.  Washuu looked up 
from her work and at Tenchi.
	"Ryoko and I share a mental link,so I can keep an eye on her.  
Don't worry,I didn't try to look at what you two did after that 
conversation.  Anyway,the point is that there's no possible way for you 
to impregnate Ryoko.  Well,there is one way..." Washuu trailed off.
	"Really?  How?" Tenchi asked curiously.
	"Well,you could get one of the girls pregnant,and while the fetus 
is still in the womb,I could inject some of Ryoko's DNA into it so it 
would have both yours and Ryoko's physical traits." Washuu explained.
	"Would it really work?" Tenchi asked.  Washuu nodded.
	"Of course,there is a chance that something could go wrong and 
whoever you got pregnant could have a miscarriage.  But then 
again,there's a .0000005% chance of that actually happening," Washuu 
said with a smile,"So who's the lucky girl gonna be?"
	"Well,you just mentioned it,so I don't know yet.  I'm going to 
need some time to think this over." 
	"Well,I'll run some reaserch for the perfect mom,so come back this 
afternoon." Washuu said as she pressed a button,releasing Tenchi from 
the floating steel table.  She tossed him his clothes.
	"By the way,you're doing fine,I didn't find anything wrong."


Back in the den...


	Sasami was seated on the couch,Ryoko had gone somewhere with Ryo-
ohki and Ayeka was up talking with Katsuhito.
	"Hey,Tenchi!" Sasami said cheerfully.
	"Oh,hey Sasami.  Say,what're you doing today?" Tenchi asked,an 
idea working it's way into his head.  During his trip,Royko had 
mentioned that Sasami had a crush on Tenchi,and now he was trying to 
find out for himself.
	"Uh,nothing,really.  Why do you ask?"
	"Oh,I was just wondering because I thought we might go out into 
the city today.  Do you want to go?" Tenchi asked.  Sasami 
leaped,literally,at the opertunity.  
	"Really?  Alright,just let me get ready!" Sasami said,rushing 
upstairs.  Tenchi smirked and sat down on the couch,drumming his fingers 
on the arm rest.  A few moments later,Sasami came down,now dressed in 
something a little classier than her everyday clothes.
	"Hey Tenchi?  How are we going to get to the city?  It's so far 
away..." Sasami said.
	"Washuu has a new invention she wants me to try.  It's supposed to 
connect to Kiyone's and Mihoshi's apartment." Tenchi explained.  He and 
Sasami walked through the doorway leading to Washuu's lab.


In Washuu's lab...


	After some searching for Washuu,Tenchi and Sasami were led to an 
ordinary-looking doorway,leaning against a wall.  Washuu stood it up and 
opened it.  
	"This'll lead right to their apartment,and don't worry,I've 
informed them of your arrival," Washuu said,"And Tenchi,by the time you 
get back,I should have those reports ready."  Tenchi smiled and walked 
through the doorway,followed by Sasami.  They appeared in Miho-Kiyo's 
apartment,near the balcony.
	"What did Washuu mean just now?  What report?" Sasami asked.
	"Oh,don't worry about that." Tenchi said as Mihoshi walked in from 
a day of sunbathing.
	"Oh,hey guys!  I heard you were coming,so are you going to stay 
here long?" she asked in her usual happy tone.
	"Oh,no.  We're just passing through." Tenchi said.  He and Sasami 
left and walked down the streets.
	"So where do you want to go first?" Tenchi asked.
	"How about we go see a movie?" Sasami suggested.
	"Sounds good to me."


Inside the movie theater...


	Tenchi and Sasami sat in the back row,Sasami holding a cherry 
coke,while a tub of popcorn rested on Tenchi's lap.  Something in the 
movie scared Sasami,and she jumped a little,clinging to Tenchi.  Tenchi 
just looked down at her,smiled,and rubbed her head a little.  Sometimes 
Sasami was so cute it was frightening.  After the movie,Tenchi treated 
Sasami to some ice cream.
	"Thanks for everything today,Tenchi." Sasami said,taking another 
spoonful of ice cream.
	"It's no problem.  You know,Ryoko told me about everything you two 
were up to last week." Tenchi said.  Sasami blushed and tried to hide 
her face.
	"R-really?  So you know about..." Sasami said,a little frightened.
	
	"Yes,and let me tell you,I was a little shocked at first.  
Sasami,please promise me you won't do that again." Tenchi pleaded.
	"But why?  Ryoko's been so nice to me lately..." Sasami said 
somberly.
	"I just don't like the idea of you involved in anything like 
that," Tenchi said,"It's not that I don't want you being around 
Ryoko,it's just that you're a little young to be doing that kind of 
stuff,don't you think?" 
	"I think I see.  Is it okay if I just sleep with her then?" Sasami 
asked innocently.  Tenchi fretted for a second,but then realized that 
Sasami didn't know the other meaning of that term.
	"Uh,sure.  So where do you want to go to next?"


Meanwhile,back at the house...


	Ryoko sat on her bed,Ryo-ohki in her lap.
	"Miya miya?" Ryo-ohki mewed,confused.
	"I brought you here because I wanted to talk to you,like a good 
mistress would." Ryoko said,scratching Ryo-ohki behind her ears.  She 
purred and leaned against her master's hand.
	"So what do you think about Tenchi?" Ryoko asked out of the blue.  
Ryo-ohki purred some more.
	"Miya miya!  Miya..."
	"'But' what?"
	"Miya miya,miya miya miya."
	"Oh don't worry,I'm sure Tenchi loves you just as much as he does 
me." Ryoko said comfortingly.  Ryo-ohki purred some more.
	"I wonder where he is right now?  He should be out of Washuu's lab 
by now..." Ryoko said,"Maybe we should go see him?"
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki mewed happily.  Ryoko phased through the floor of 
her room,taking   Ryo-ohki with her.  She floated over to the door 
leading to the mechanical jungle that composed Washuu's lab.  After some 
searching,she found Washuu,but no sign of Tenchi.
	"If you're looking for Tenchi,he took Sasami out to the city." 
Washuu said.  Ryoko's mood darkened a bit,but she brightened up after 
realizing that Tenchi was just probably trying to get closer to Sasami.
	"Oh,Ryo-ohki,could I see you for a second?" Washuu beckoned.  Ryo-
ohki jumped from Ryoko's arms and into Washuu's lap.
	"I guess I'll go watch some t.v...." Ryoko said as she began to 
phase out of the lab.
	"Oh,Ryoko,wait..." Wahsuu said as a bolt of lightning flashed and 
Ryoko fell to the ground,fried,"I forgot to tell you about the force 
field..."  Ryoko got up to her feet and limped over to the exit. 
	"Anyway,I wanted to offer you something." Washuu said,looking down 
at the cabbit in her lap.
	"Miya?"
	"I want to perform an experiment on you that would be a variant of 
your assimilated form-"
	"Miya?"
	"Let me finish.  This new form with make you look more human,but 
you'll be able to switch back to your cabbit form anytime you want to." 
Washuu explained.
	"Miya miya?" Ryo-ohki asked timidly,blushing a little.
	"Well,I never considered it,but I guess you *could* do that,but 
who would you want to sleep with?"
	"Miya..." Ryo-ohki admitted,a starry,far-away look in her eyes and 
tone of voice.
	"Seems Tenchi's got a lot on his hands,what with all the girls,and 
now you,after him."
	"Miya miya?"
	"It's more of a doctor/patient relationship,but I guess I wouldn't 
mind if it were to go a lot further than that..." Washuu said heavily.
	"Miya miya,miya!"
	"Hmmm,that's not a bad idea,although it would feel kind of weird 
knowing that Ryoko set it all up.  As for your new form,I'll get started 
right away after I finish up something for Tenchi." Washuu said,thinking 
back to her earlier conversation with Tenchi.
	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki asked curiously.
	"Oh,it's nothing,really.  Tenchi was talking about having a kid 
with Ryoko,but seeing as she can't have one for herself,he's trying to 
decide which one of the girl's should have the baby.  I promised I'd do 
some reaserch to find the perfect mom," Washuu said,typing something on 
her holo-top,"You're welcome to stay if you want."
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki mewed joyfully,nuzzling into Washuu's lap.
	"Alright,let's see now,first we'll find out who'd be the best to 
bear the child,next we'll factor in lactation,endurance and stamina 
during child birth,and immunity to morning symptoms and other nasty 
side-effects of pregnancy,and we turn out with...Sasami?!"
	"Miya?!"
	"Hmmm,something must be wrong..." Washuu said,typing a few more 
keys,"Ah,here we go,it looks like Tsunami would be the perfect mom,but 
it'll take some time before she shows up again.  Unless..."
	"'Miya' miya?"
	"Unless,during the months of pregnancy,Tsunami replaces 
Sasami,seeing as her small,prepubescent body probably wouldn't be able 
to take it," Washuu said,delving deeper into the subject,"Alright,I'll 
tell Tenchi the news after he gets back.  So how about we get started on 
that new form of yours?" Washuu said,clapping her hands together.
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki said,smiling up at the scientist.
	"Alright,now if you'd just step into that chamber right there." 
Washuu said,directing to a large glass cylinder.  Ryo-ohki padded over 
to it,and sniffed it,inspecting it.  After finding it safe,she walked 
in,and the glass door immediately shut behind her,startling her a bit.  
Washuu pressed a button and a green liquid filled the chamber.  A little 
shocked at first,Ryo-ohki cried out.
	"Oh calm down,considering your genetic make-up,you should have no 
problem breathing." Washuu said.  Ryo-ohki smiled and swam through the 
liquid,doing barrel rolls and backflips in the depths of it.
	"Sit still,would you?" Washuu asked,pressing another button.  This 
time,a very large and painful-looking syringe came out from above.
	"Now don't worry,this shouldn't hurt for long." Washuu 
said,pressing a button to initiate the process.  The syringe popped into 
Ryo-ohki's left arm,shocking her a bit at first,but she got used to the 
feeling.  A bright light filled the cylinder as the syringe injected a 
light tan liquid into Ryo-ohki.  The flash grew so bright that Washuu 
had to cover her eyes.  When the light faded,Washuu looked up at the 
chamber,now occupied by a human-looking girl with dark brown hair down 
past her waist.  She was naked,and as Washuu discovered,had female 
genitalia.  The green liquid drained,and the glass door slid open.  Ryo-
ohki,now in her new form,stumbled out and sputtered a little.  Washuu 
handed her a towel,and she began drying herself.  Noticing she was 
naked,she blushed a little and turned around so that her back was facing 
Washuu.
	"Oh calm down,it's nothing I haven't seen before," Washuu 
said,"Now then,with your new form,you should be able to speak at least 
some of the human language."  Ryo-ohki opened her mouth to speak,but 
nothing came out.
	"Hmmm,that's odd.  Oh,I know!  I forgot the language processor 
gene!" Washuu exclaimed,rushing back to her holo-top.  She pressed a few 
more buttons,and another syringe,this one much shorter,dropped down in 
front of Ryo-ohki.  It pricked her in the throat,receeded,and jutted 
back up into the endless amount of machinery in Washuu's lab.  Ryo-ohki 
coughed a little,then tried again.
	"Did it work,Washuu?" she asked in a voice remeniscent of 
Sasami's,only a little deeper and with a slight gruffness to it.  Washuu 
nodded.
	"Yay!  Thanks!" Ryo-ohki exclaimed happily,crushing Washuu in an 
embrace.
	"No problem.  Now remember:You shouldn't stress your new form too 
much right now,seeing as you're still getting used to it.  You may want 
to get your bearrings by walking around a little,although,if you 
can,stay in the lab.  I want to keep this a surprise for everyone." 
Washuu said happily.  
	"Okay,I guess I'll have to get the hang of this 'talking' thing."
	"Seems like you've got it down," Washuu said smugly,"Of course,you 
*were* aided by the greatest scientific genius in the universe!" Washuu 
exclaimed.	
	"That's right,Washuu!" Washuu-bot A exclaimed,appearing on 
Washuu's shoulder.
	"You're the greatest,Washuu!" Washuu-bot B said,appearing on 
Washuu's other shoulder.  The three chourused in laughter.  Ryo-ohki 
chuckled nervously.


Meanwhile,back in the house...


	Tenchi barely opened the door,clutching at the many bags and such 
that contained the things that he had bought for Sasami.  The young 
princess rushed in and to the foot of the stairs.
	"W-where should I put all this stuff?" Tenchi managed under the 
weight of everything.
	"You can just put it in me and Ayeka's room." she said,rushing up 
the stairs to her room.  She tapped her foot impatiently until Tenchi 
finally made it up the stairs.  She slid the door open and stepped to 
one side,making way for Tenchi.
	"Thanks,Sasami."	
	"Thank *you* for all the stuff you bought me,Tenchi.  How'd you 
afford it,anyway?" Sasami asked curiously.  Tenchi laid everything down 
next to the closet and breathed a sigh of relief.  He took out his 
wallet and showed it to Sasami.
	"Washuu made a few adjustments to my wallet,now whenever I reach 
inside,I pull out the exact amount needed.  It's better than being 
rich,and it's space efficiant!" Tenchi said,putting his wallet back.  
Ayeka walked through the doorway at that moment.
	"Oh,hello Sasami," she then noticed Tenchi standing next to a 
large stack of bags and such."What are you doing here Tenchi?"
	"We just got back from a day out.  Sorry if I kinda spoiled Sasami 
a bit." Tenchi said nervously.
	"It's no problem,really.  This is nothing compared to the amount 
of things she got back on Jurai..."	Ayeka said,remembering the amount of 
transports used to carry the results of a day in the stores of Jurai.  
Sasami blushed a little.	
	"Has anyone seen Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked,suddenly changing the 
subject.
	"Nope,haven't seen her since this morning,actually," Tenchi 
said,"Maybe she's in Washuu's lab.  I'll go see if she is.  I need to 
talk to Washuu,anyway."
	

Washuu's lab...


	Ryo-ohki was still getting used to her new form,and was trying out 
everything she could.  So far she discovered that sharp things are best 
left away from one's feet and that now she could get to some more 
secluded areas,as contributed by her added height.  Tenchi,meanwhile,had 
just entered the lab,when he heard a loud crash.  He ran to the 
source,and found Ryo-ohki,now in her cabbit form,lying on the floor in a 
clump.  She sprang to her feet and ran off to find Washuu,wondering why 
she was now in her original form.  Tenchi followed her and found 
Washuu,who was fishing something out of a hole in the air.  She produced 
some clothes that were roughly Sasami's size,but they resembled Ryoko's 
wardrobe.  Ryo-ohki leaped into her lap,startling her.
	"Huh,why are you in *that* form?" she asked. 
	"Hello,Washuu," Tenchi said,"Did you finish that report yet?"
	"Oh,hi Tenchi.  I was finished a long time ago.  Where'd you take 
Sasami?"
	"Nowhere special,just a movie and a few stores,that's all."
	"Well,anyway,come see this.  It's *quite* interesting." Washuu 
said,pointing a finger at some statistics on the screen of her holo-top.  
Tenchi's eyes bugged out.
	"Tsunami?!  Well,I can tell you I didn't expect that..."
	"The good news is that she'd be the perfect mom,but the bad news 
is that she won't appear for quite some time,according to my 
calculations."
	"Well,that's really too bad,although I guess it's kinda early to 
be talking about kids I guess." Tenchi said.
	"Well,that's about it for now.  Come get me when dinner's 
ready,would you?" Washuu asked.  Tenchi nodded and left.  Ryo-ohki 
turned back into her human form.
	"Hey Washuu,why'd I turn back into a cabbit just now?" she asked.
	"You mean you dind't into it on your own?  Odd.  Oh wait,it may be 
because your new form isn't used to being hurt,so it reverts back to 
your cabbit for when you fall down or something like that.  Don't worry 
though,gradually your new form with be able to take anything."
	"I'll try not to get hurt.  Thanks." Ryo-ohki said before running 
off again.


Sasami and Ayeka's room...


	Sasami was putting all of her new clothes in a neat pile so that 
she could wash them later.  Ryoko came in through the floor,and 
surprised Sasami with a big hug.
	"Hey Sasami,whatcha doin?" she asked.
	"Tenchi bought me some clothes,and I was just going to go get them 
ready for the wash tomorrow." Sasami explained.
	"Tenchi never took me anywhere or bought me anything..." Ryoko 
said sadly,"Ah I'm sure he'll do it eventually.  Anyway,I came here to 
ask you something.  Could I maybe cook dinner tonight?  I've been 
getting pretty good at it,and I want to try something on a larger 
scale."
	"Sure,I could use a break anyway.  I've been meaning to ask you 
something,too.  Last week,when we uh,did some stuff,why didn't you get 
sick from kissing me?" Sasami pondered.
	"Well that's simple.  Washuu created me with the perfect immune 
system,so I can never get sick," Ryoko explained,"Guess I should go get 
started on supper then."  Ryoko let go of Sasami and floated down to the 
kitchen.  She grabbed a chopping block and some carrots,and phased her 
energy sword in.  With deadly accuracy,she chopped the carrots in no 
time at all and set them aside.  She then pulled out some fish from the 
fridge.  Before long,she had dinner ready.  She went into the den,where 
Tenchi,Sasami,and Ayeka were watching t.v.
	"Supper's ready!" she called.  The three got up,and Sasami and 
Ayeka headed for the dining room,while Tenchi headed for Washuu's lab.


After dinner...


	Washuu joined Ayeka and Tenchi in the den while Ryoko and Sasami 
headed upstairs.  Up in Ryoko's room,the two sat on the bed.
	"Alright,Ryoko.  You promised you'd tell me everything you adn 
Tenchi did." Sasami said sternly.
	"And you'll hear it all in great detail,just as soon as you tell 
me about your day with Tenchi today."
	"Well,first we went to see a movie.  It was called Biohazard or 
something and was about zombies or something scary like that.  
Afterwards,we went for ice cream,and after that we went to some stores 
and he bought me a whole bunch of stuff.  Look at the bracelet he got 
me!" Sasami said,holding up her wrist to reveal a solid gold bracelet 
that was decorated with flowers with diamonds set in them.
	"Wow,that looks really pretty,but it must've cost a fortune.  
How'd Tenchi pay for it?" Ryoko asked.
	"Washuu helped him out a lot,and he also bought me some other 
stuff,mostly clothes."
	"Sounds pretty nice.  Well,guess it's my turn now,eh?  Let's see 
now.  After we left,we took a bath."
	"Huh?  How'd you take a bath?" Sasami asked.
	"Washuu outfitted a modifier on Ryo-ohki just for occasions like 
this.  Anyway,Tenchi and I,well,uh,how can I put this?  He did what I 
did last week,but with the help of my double.  After that,we took a 
nap,but Kiyone woke us up,saying we were in a restricted area,so we 
moved out of the way.  Then I uh,geez,I really don't know how I can put 
*this*." Ryoko thought.
	"Did you do the same thing to him?" Sasami asked innocently.
	"Yeah,but it's a little different when you do it to a guy." Ryoko 
said nervously.  She *really* hoped that she didn't have to explain the 
wonders of the male anatomy to her.
	"Is it anything like that thing Ayeka has in her sock drawer?"
	"What 'thing in Ayeka's sock drawer'?" Ryoko asked,puzzled.  If it 
was anything like what Ryoko thought,she wouyld definately have some fun 
with Ayeka tomorrow.
	"I'll go get it." Sasami said,rushing off.  A few moments 
later,she came back,her hands behind her back.
	"I found this one day when I was putting up some of Ayeka's 
clothes.  I don't really know what it is,but sometimes at night,I hear 
Ayeka get up,open a drawer or something,close it,and get back in bed;but 
a few minutes later,I hear Ayeka making some funny noises." Sasami 
explained,presenting a rather large black dildo to Ryoko.  The pirate 
just smiled nervously,taking it.
	"I had no idea Ayeka was into that kinda stuff.  Never really 
bothered with these things,too much mess to clean up." Ryoko 
gasped,realizing that she had said one thing too many.
	"What are you talking about?  You mean Ayeka uses that *there*?  I 
just thought it was a sock-holder or something,seeing as it's in her 
sock drawer."
	"You've got a lot to learn,Sasami,but you're still a little 
young,so I won't tell you everything," Ryoko said as Sasami 
frowned,"Yet,anyway."  Sasami smiled.
	"Thanks Ryoko.  I wish you were my sister,too.  Maybe you and 
Ayeka could get along then." she said,hugging Ryoko.
	"That would be pretty fun,but I don't think I could be a princess 
like you and Ayeka.  It's too much responsibility,although having a 
place on the throne wouldn't be too bad.  Say,Ayeka doesn't have anthing 
*else* in there,does she?"
	"Only her socks,that thing,and some old magazines.  I didn't touch 
the magazines though,they looked pretty old and sticky." Sasami 
explained.  Ryoko grimaced,trying to get the mental image of Ayeka using 
the dildo while looking through some space porn out of her mind.
	"Hey Ryoko,do you think I could be with Tenchi?" Sasami asked.
	"Well I'm sure when you're grown up and everything,he'd be happy 
to be with you."
	"I kind of meant be with him right now." Sasami said,a little sad.
	"You're too young.  Even I have limits when I'm with you." Ryoko 
said,trying not to sound hypocritical.
	"What do you mean?"
	"To put it shortly,I'm just making sure you get some experience 
while still remaining 'intact'."
	"Oh,well thanks.  So what'd you do with Tenchi?" Sasami 
said,changing back to the subject at hand.
	"I still don't know how I can put this,but here goes.  I just kind 
of well,put my mouth on his..." Ryoko said,gesturing to the dildo.  
Sasami nodded in realization.
	"But wouldn't you choke?" Sasami asked.
	"The trick is to relax the gag reflex.  Although Tenchi isn't as 
big as your sister's,uh,'device',but you don't have to worry though,he's 
still a nice size,perfect for uh...Never mind.  Anyway,after that,I 
cooked for him."
	"Really?  Did he like it?" Sasami asked.  She really put a lot of 
effort in teaching Ryoko how to cook.
	"He loved it.  Anyway,after lunch,we rested for a bit,and that's 
when you called."
	"Oh,I'm sorry.  Did I interrupt something?" Sasami asked.  She'd 
feel really bad if she called right in the middle of something.
	"Oh no,not at all.  Anyway,after that we uh,well,let's just say 
neither of us used our mouths this time." Ryoko said. 
	"Oh I get it.  You did what Ayeka does,only with Tenchi?"  Ryoko 
nodded.
	"We spent the rest of the time in bliss,just me and Tenchi..." she 
said,a starry,far-away look in her eyes.
	"I wish I could be with Tenchi right now." Sasami said sadly.
	"Well how about you and me right now?" Ryoko suggested.
	"Really?  I thought you said Tenchi told you not to.  He even told 
me not to!"
	"Well Tenchi doesn't have to know,does he?" Ryoko said,flashing 
her devilish grin.  Sasami smiled and hugged Ryoko again.
	"Alright." Sasami agreed.
	"Wait,hold on," Ryoko said,floating up and locking the 
door,"There,that's better."  She floated back and laid down on the bed.  
She picked up Sasami and placed her next to her.
	"How about we try something a little different tonight?" Ryoko 
asked,sitting up.
	"What're we going to do?"
	"I was wondering if you could try it on me." Ryoko said,phasing 
out of her clothes.  Before Sasami could get in a word edge-wise,Ryoko 
had floated up and onto Sasami's face.  Knowing only from her experience 
with Ryoko,Sasami slowly stuck her tongue out to meet Ryoko's nether 
lips.  Ryoko grew impatient and grinded her crotch against Sasami's 
face,tickling the young princess's nose with her short hairs.  Sasami 
tried her best,licking Ryoko's protruding clit,which in turn caused 
Ryoko to moan audibly.  She grabbed onto the headboard of the bed to 
brace herself as she grinded onto Sasami faster.  Sasami stuck her 
tongue as far as she could into Ryoko's cunt,which triggered Ryoko's 
orgasm.  She came on Sasami's face and fell over to the side.
	"That wasn't too bad." Sasami said.  Ryoko just grinned and began 
cleaning Sasami's face like a mother cat does to a kitten.  
	"That's tickles,Ryoko!" Sasami said,giggling.  She stopped 
laughing when Ryoko placed her lips on hers and removed her clothes.  
The pirate slowly moved her hands down,traveling down Sasami's neck and 
chest,lingering on her small breasts.  Sasami moaned against the 
kiss,and Ryoko's hands moved down further until they reached Sasami's 
hairless crotch.  Ryoko tweaked her small clit a little,causing Sasami 
to moan louder.  Ryoko moved her mouth down from Sasami's lips,placing 
little kisses down her neckline,collarbone,and nipples,slowly licking 
around them.  Sasami let out a load,final moan before having an orgasm 
of her own.  Ryoko sat up,dissapointed.
	"Huh?  W-what's the matter?" Sasmai said,trying to catch her 
breath,"You were better than last time,and that's saying a lot."
	"It's not that,it's just that well,it was almost too easy.  You're 
still a little young,so I guess it's not *completely* your fault,but 
after being with Tenchi,it just seems too easy,seeing as he has 
*tremendous* stamina.  I mean,it feels like you could do it with him all 
day." Ryoko explained.
	"Now I *really* want to be with him now!" Sasami exclaimed.
	"Don't worry,I'll make sure it'll happen," Ryoko said,suddenly 
seriously,"Although I'm sure I could fix something up right now..."
	"Really?  I'd love that,but I don't think Tenchi'd be up to it..." 
Sasami trailed on.  She noticed that Ryoko was gone.
	"Huh?  Where'd she go?" she asked herself.  Ryoko returned a few 
minutes later,carrying a sleeping Tenchi in her arms.  
	"Look who I found,asleep on your sister." Ryoko said.  Sasami 
moved out of the way as Ryoko laid him down on the bed and reached under 
the bed.  She pulled out some ropes and strapped Tenchi to the bed.
	"Just in case," Ryoko said as Tenchi started to wake up,"Oh.,look 
who's up!"
	"Huh?  What am I doing here?" Tenchi said,noticing he was strapped 
to the bed,"What's going on?!"
	"Calm down,I'm just going to help Sasami out a bit." Ryoko said 
innocently,and,with a snap of her fingers,Tenchi's clothes 
dissapeared,only to reappear on the floor in a pile.
	"Ryoko,I don't think I'm ready for this..." Sasami said nervously.
	"Don't worry,I'll go first if you want." Ryoko offered.
	"I guess that would help a little." Sasami said.  Ryoko got up 
onto the bed and crawled up to Tenchi's crotch.  She ripped his boxers 
off,flinging them into the pile on the floor.
	"Ryoko,I..." Tenchi began.
	"Don't make me pull the ball gag out..." Ryoko warned as she 
stroked Tenchi's flaccid penis.  Sasami just stared in awe at the sight 
before her.  She climbed onto the bed to get a better look,and sat down 
a few feet from Ryoko.  After getting Tenchi up,Ryoko began teasing him 
by slowly licking around the head of his cock while rubbing up and down 
with one hand.  Sasami couldn't help but slip a hand down to her 
crotch,rubbing nonchalantly.  Ryoko slid her tongue up and down Tenchi's 
shaft and,with her free hand,fondled his balls.  Feeling that she'd 
teased him enough,Ryoko slid Tenchi's length into her mouth,bobbing her 
head up and down.  Sasami couldn't hold back anymore,and climaxed 
again,falling over in a heap next to Ryoko.
	"R-Ryoko..." Tenchi grunted as he came,filling Ryoko's mouth.  
Ryoko swallowed greedily and sat up,wiping her mouth.  She looked over 
at Sasami,who had fallen asleep.
	"Aw,that's so cute..." Ryoko said,doe-eyed.
	"I think she's had enough tonight,Ryoko.  Now could you *please* 
untie me?" Tenchi begged.  Ryoko complied and untied him.
	"I'll let her sleep with me tonight so she doesn't have to get 
up." Ryoko said,picking up Sasami and putting some of her clothes on.  
Tenchi threw his clothes on and left,closing the door behind him.  She 
slid her and herself into bed and pulled the covers over them,putting 
her arms around Sasami.



	





