Disclaimer: I do not, despite what I wish to say, own Tenchi Muyo, any of its themes, or 
characters, or the state of California, which I thought I might add, just because I want to 
own that too. -sigh- Well, as long as I'm talking (writing), I might as well warn you that 
later chapters of this fan fiction are going to have lemon, or sexual scenes. (I.e. I'm 
bored, perverted, and have seen too many episodes of the show "Tenchi Universe", which 
I do not own either, unless it's included in the stock I own in the company "Pioneer". So, 
without further drunken ramblings, or any thanks to those of you who actually wasted 
your time and read the disclaimer, -losers-, I now present: 
Tenchi Muyo! No Need for a couple!
Tenchi Muyo!
No need for a couple!
By: GDBZ13 (Gino O.) 

2: No need for an enemy!
(It's unquestionably a good fight!)
	Aiyeka woke on the couch, in front of the TV. "OhmygoodnessIfellasleep!" She 
spat out in a rush. She had been waiting in the living room, for Tenchi to arrive, and had 
fallen asleep. 
"Really princess? Why were you up?" Ryoko taunted from the ceiling rafter. If I can't get 
Tenchi out of this, I can at least, make Aiyeka mad. She thought. 
"None of your business!" Aiyeka's face went bright red. 
"Ohh? I think not princess! I think it was none of your business, being down here last 
night!" Ryoko gave Aiyeka a taunting smile as she glided through the rafters and sat 
down on the couch, next to Aiyeka. 
"WHAT?! I was waiting for a TV show. y-yes, that was what I was doing, if you must 
know, I was waiting for my favorite show. You know, you really are quite nosy, you 
should stay out of other peoples business, you can't hope to get Tenchi if you're so rude 
all the time!"
"Ohh yea? What's you're favorite show?" Ryoko continued to tease, knowing why 
Aiyeka had really been up. Another great day! She thought, with a smirk. "I'm listening, 
princess." Ryoko set her chin in her hand, and glared at Aiyeka, trying to look as 
interested as possible, witch was easy, with her yellow-green, cat-hybrid eyes. In fact, the 
truth is that it's hard for Ryoko to look like she's not staring, even when she's half asleep.
"Uhh. It's." Aiyeka glanced at the TV Guide on the table next to her and snatched it 
up. "This!" She said, pointing at the picture on the front. 
"The Country Music Channel's top 100 videos?" Ryoko was even more amused by 
Aiyeka's lack of preparation.
"Uhh. yeah!" Aiyeka decided to just roll with it. It was less humiliating than the real 
reason, she thought. 
"And what time does that come on at?"
"11:30!" Aiyeka glanced down and pointed at the time on the cover.
"And were you watching the Country Music Channel when you fell asleep?"
"Yes, of course!"
"Then why was the TV on comedy central when we got here?"
"Uhhhhhhh."
It was all Ryoko could do to keep herself busting up with laughter.
Just then, Sasami walked in. "Breakfast! Get it well it's hot, fresh fish, eggs, and, of 
course, our daily house special, raw carrots on a silver platter. (Wonder who ordered 
that?)
"Meooooooooooooooooooow!" (Never mind.) Ryo-ohke came speeding down the 
wood floor of the hall. She turned and skidded into a wall, before gaining traction and 
leaping into the kitchen.
"It was just plain luck that Tenchi's family owned a carrot patch before Ryoko and Ryo-
ohke showed up." Sasami sighed a deep sigh, and walked into the kitchen. In less than a 
second, Ryo-ohke leaped back out, satisfied to say the least.
"That's a new record." Ryoko said as she walked past her pet/ship and into the kitchen.
Some times it's not so bad to have a crowded house. Aiyeka thought as she walked 
away from her embarrassing predicament, and into the kitchen after her sister, her rival, 
and a flying cabbit.

	(yawn) "Boy am I tired." Tenchi walked into the kitchen and grabbed a plate of 
food. 
"Good morning, Tenchi!" Eight voices erupted at once from the table. Two and a half 
years and I'm still not used to that. Tenchi chuckled under his breath. 
"Good morning, everyone." (yawn)
"Uhhh. do pardon my asking, but. why so tired, Lord Tenchi?"
"Hmmm? Ohh. me and Ryoko were out late last night, remember?" Tenchi looked at 
Aiyeka, sleepily, as he ate his breakfast.
"Yes." Aiyeka gave a fierce look across the table to Ryoko. Her forehead started to turn 
red with anger.
"Hey, Aiyeka, Are you alright? You look sunburned." Mihoshi, once again forgetting to 
think, blurted this out, causing everyone to turn to look at Aiyeka, making her turn red 
with a different emotion than anger. Embarrassment, I think.
"Shut up Mihoshi!" Kihone gave Mihoshi a kick under the table.
"Owwwww! What did you do that for Kihone! I just noticed Aiyeka's skin was red and I 
thought she might have a sun burn!" Mihoshi continued, not even realizing that she 
shouldn't have asked. Ryoko, again, had to bite her tong to stop the laughs.
"So, Ryoko, how was you're date with Tenchi anyway, hmmmmm?" Washu butted into 
this. Suddenly Ryoko's joy disappeared.
"Wha. why?" Ryoko couldn't muster a response. 
"Just cuz." Washu replied.
"It was fine. Right Tenchi?" 
"Ohh. yea! We had a lot of fun. It was a good movie. I'd recommend it to anyone."
"Yeah, it was good." Ryoko's mind drifted to that movie. She thought about how great 
it was done. She could relate to that girl. Being in love, but not being loved back, or 
worse, not even knowing. "I don't want to die before I get to be loved." In her 
daydreaming, Ryoko had said this aloud.
"What was that Ryoko?" Everyone looked her way. Now it's your turn-to-turn red! 
Aiyeka thought, and sure enough, Ryoko turned a crimson shade. 
"N-n-nothing! Just-just a line from the movie! Yeah! My favorite line from the movie!" 
"Why is that your favorite line?" Washu asked, a blank look on her face.
"Oh, no reason. (Just that I can relate, but she was lucky to not have such a nosy 
mother.)"
"What was that?"
"Nothing! Geeeez! Can't a person talk around here?"
"Now Ryoko you shouldn't talk like that to your mother! And another thing."
"(Please, spare me.)"
"What?" Washu asked again. 
"For god sake MOM, leave me alone! I'm gonna go fishing, and unless you're named 
Tenchi, don't bug me!"
 

	"That idiot, Washu." (Of course, Ryoko uses the term "idiot" loosely in that 
sentence!) "She just can't stay out of my business, can she? Well, maybe I'll leave for a 
while, and then more people will respect me when I come back! Who am I kidding, the 
kid, Ryo-ohke, and Tenchi are the only ones who ever show any real appreciation for 
me. I probably don't deserve it. and disappearing for a day or a week won't help. 
Tenchi. why the hell does everything have to be so hard?" Ryoko sat by the lake, and 
kicked off her sandals, dipping her feet in the water. Ryoko sighed, and layed back to 
look up at the clouds overhead. She closed her eyes, and tried to focus on something, far 
away from where she was. Away from Aiyeka, and Tenchi, and all her problems. 
(Mostly Aiyeka and Washu.) but she just kept coming back to Tenchi. Eventually, she 
gave in to temptation, and got lost in another Tenchi-related daydream. 
Ryoko was so lost in thought, that she didn't hear a person walk up and lay down next to 
her.
"Whatchyadoin?" ("What chya doin?")
"What?!" Ryoko sprang from her daydream, and balled up some energy in her hand. 
"Waaaaait! Ryoko! It's me!" 
"Ohh. sorry Tenchi! What's up?" Ryoko immediately smiled and relaxed next to her 
would-be boyfriend. 
"Well, Sasami, and Mihoshi were worried, so they sent me to go talk to you."
"Oh. Is that all? I'm fine, thanks." Ryoko looked disappointed.
"Well, I was worried to. are you positive you're alright? You've been acting weird 
lately."
"It's nothing." She made a downward glance. It was hard for her to lie to Tenchi, but 
what good would it do to tell him the truth? That's what she reasoned anyway. He 
probably wouldn't even go out with me again.she thought.
"Okay. well, any who, I had fun last night. Maybe w-we could do that again, sometime, 
in the near-future?"
!!!!!! Okay! So he would go out with me again! I love it when I'm wrong! "SURE! I'd 
love to! Do you really mean it?"
"Yeah, how about Saturday, at 7:00. We'll go to the annual festival at the shrine."
"That's Saturday?"
"Yeah! We're having it early this year, cause Grandpa's gonna be away for the a few 
months, after Sunday. He's going to help out at a shrine in Tokyo."
"Great!"
"Alright! It's a date! See you later, Ryoko." Tenchi gave Ryoko another, warm smile, 
and headed for the house.
Did he say date?! I must still be daydreaming! Oh well, let's hope I don't wake up before 
Saturday night.

That Saturday, at the annual Masaki Shrine festival.
"Does my hair look alright, Sasami?" Ryoko nervously rooted through her makeup bag, 
in front of the bathroom mirror. She had taken a "catnap" and now had only mere hours 
to get ready. go figure.
"You're hair always looks the same. Ryoko."
"Yeah! I know! But does it look alright!"
"Duh!"
"Was that a good "duh"?"
"Oh my god. what do you think Ryoko? Do you honestly believe that after living here 
for two years, using the same old hairstyle, that no one would have said a thing is it was 
anything less than wonderful?"
"You're right." Then Ryoko thought for a minute. "What about my kimono?"
Sasami could do nothing but sigh, and reassure her friend. "Ryoko, you are an attractive 
woman, and Tenchi would be either crazy, or gay, not to notice, and we both know that 
he's neither of those things!"
"Thanks, kid."

"Girls! Are you ready?"
"Cooooooming Tenchi!"
"Ok."
Sasami dashed down the staircase.
"I'm all ready, Tenchi!"
"Good, where's Ryoko?"
"I'm here." Ryoko stood at the top of the staircase, her cat-like eyes, glowing in the 
light of the living room. She had a slight smirk on her face, which showed her vampire-
esq fangs. She could only smirk more when she looked at Tenchi, looking at her. 
He really couldn't help but looking. This was the most beautiful he had ever seen her, and 
that's saying a lot.
She wore her pair of crystal earrings, that Tenchi and the others had pitched in and gotten 
her for her birthday, as well as a beautiful, black dress. (okay, I'm no good at describing 
clothing, so I'll just stop there. But I have the image in my head, and you should take my 
word for it, that this would definitely be one of the most beautiful cartoon characters you 
have ever seen!)
"How do I look?"
"Y-y-you look great!"
"Thanks. Let's go!"

 
At the carnival.
"Tenchi! Let's go to Kihone and Mihoshi's booth?" 
"Okay, Sasami, relax!"
Ryoko and Sasami dragged Tenchi toward the food booth that Kihone and Mihoshi ran 
every year. 
"Hey, Tenchi!" Kihone called out as she saw them approaching.
"Tenchi?" Mihoshi looked up from what she was doing. "Hi!" She raised her hand, not 
realizing that the pan she was working with was still in it. In seconds, hot, stir-fried rice 
showered Kihone. 
"Mihoshi!"
"Sorry!"
"Dammit! Can't you think for once before doing something! Just think! One time! And I 
would be so impressed, but nooooo."
She sounds mad.Mihoshi thought, as she gave Kihone her usual, look of confusion, and 
fear. The sad thing was that Mihoshi wasn't even really trying to pay attention.
"Uh, um, maybe. we should come back later?" Sasami stammered.
"Uh. good idea." Tenchi agreed.
Ryoko just sat there watching. 
"Come on Ryoko."
"Oh. yeah, coming!"
"Maybe we should go check on Aiyeka?" Sasami suggested.
"Sure. you don't mind, do you Ryoko?"
"No, not at all, but I think I should wait here, just to make sure nothing gets blown up."
"Thanks, Ryoko."
"Don't take too long!"
"We won't."
-Tenchi Masaki, you best hurry back from that princess's stand.- Ryoko thought, as she 
watched Sasami drag him away. -Masaki. that's an interesting name, Masaki. how 
does Ryoko Masaki sound? I think I'm getting ahead of myself. Hmmmm. awww hell, 
I like Ryoko Masaki. Speaking of Sake.- Ryoko noticed she was leaning up against a 
bar. "Hey, bartender!"
The woman behind the counter turned and looked at Ryoko, from the shadows of the bar 
stall. 
"A round of Sake please."
"Why of course, Ryoko!" Washu's voice came up from behind the bar. "Anything for my 
darling daughter!"
"It's you! Dammit, never mind. I don't trust anything you make."
"Little ol' me? Why, what could be wrong with something made by little ol' me?" Washu 
produced a huge grin as she stepped from the shadows. Two little Washu puppets popped 
up on her shoulders. 
"Washu makes everything perfect! She' the best!" The first little doll cheered. 
"Yeah! Washu's the greatest!" The second doll yelled in glee.
"Uh-huh, did she make you two?" Ryoko asked.
"Uhh. yeah." one little doll answered.
"I thought you said everything you made was perfect." Ryoko muttered, sarcastically.
"Yeah, what are you getting at.?" A sudden explosion cut off the little doll.
"!!! What the hell? You didn't happen to make any of the booths over there, mommy?"
"As a matter of fact." Washu began.
"I was joking, come on." Ryoko grabbed Washu and flew up to investigate the 
explosions.
"Hey, put me down!" Washu began to angrily bat at her less-than-aware daughter.
"Tenchi." Ryoko dropped Washu, sending her crashing to the ground.
"Owwwww! Hey, what did you do that for!" 
"Sorry! No time to explain, go get help." Ryoko zoomed off toward the explosions. 


"Ahhhh! Let go of me!" Aeyka screamed, and pounded on the man restraining her. "Let 
me go!"
"Shut up you stupid little slut, unless you would like me to just carpet-bomb this whole 
area until the whole of Tokyo is gone?"
"Damn you!" Aeyka continued to helplessly struggle. This man had some how disabled 
her Juraian powers.
The man shoved the hand restraining the princess over her mouth.
"Mmmmmmph!" Aeyka continued to kick and pull away.
"You bitch! You're just making this harder!" The large man clasped his hand tight 
around Aeyka's mouth, denying her air, until she lost consciousness.

Ryoko found Tenchi in the mess of people, running from the explosion. "What's going 
on?"
"I don't know, but it's not good!" Tenchi yelled back, over the roaring flames of the now 
spreading fire. 
~Vwooosh~ A gust of wind sprayed over them, and a man, holding a girl over his 
shoulder walked from the fire. 
"Who's that?" Tenchi pointed to the man and the girl. "Let's go help!"
"Tenchi! No, that isn't a normal person."
"What do you mean, Ryoko?" Tenchi yelled. 
Sasami glared around, fearful, but levelheaded, as she often is, looking for a trace of her 
sister, Aeyka. 
Before Ryoko could answer, the man fired a weapon upon the crowd. no, not a weapon! 
An energy blast! He shot a green blast from his palm!
"Hahahah! Die human scum! I want you all to die! Watch you're home burn, and fear 
your attacker!" 
"Who the hell is that guy?" Ryoko yelled. "And where is the princess?"
Suddenly, a huge ship parted the clouds.
"Get back to the ship, Terra, you have the Jurai girl, we have our prize." A huge voice 
boomed from somewhere on the ship. 
"I think he has my sister!" Sasami yelled. 
"I think you're right kid!" Ryoko called back.
"Ryoko, take Sasami home, I'll get Aeyka!" Tenchi began to run off. 
"No! Tenchi, take Sasami, I'll go, I'm stronger now." Ryoko and Tenchi stared at one-
another for a moment. 
"Okay." Tenchi grabbed Sasami's hand, and began to run off. "Ryoko." He turned 
around and called back. Ryoko spun to see him. "Thank you, Ryoko-Chan."
"You're welcome, Lord Tenchi!" Ryoko flew off, toward Aeyka, and her unknown 
captor.

