"No Need for an Education"
Chapter 3
Tenchi woke up to the pleasant feeling one gets when you have a good dream.
Tenchi could only remember parts of it. He especially remembered Ryoko was
there. He thought he saw Ayeka and Washuu, but he couldn't remember. He was
definitely sure that someone he had never met was there. He wasn't sure who
it was but that wasn't what scared him, what scared him was that she was
between him and Ryoko.

Oh well he thought nothing to worry about. Just a dream. But he wasn't sure
about not being afraid. But it was a new day and he was looking forward to
seeing Ryoko again. Even if they were always being watched.

After his shower, he got ready for school until he realized that this was a
holiday. Tenchi undressed from his school uniform and put on a pair of light

blue pants and a black shirt.

As he walked out of his room he ran into a beautiful, cyan colored, and
shapely object. "Oh, Ryoko! I'm so sorry. I didn't-" he stopped abruptly
when
he saw what she had on.

Ryoko had on a tight fitting blue shirt with no sleeves, denim shorts with a

star on the right leg, and tennis shoes.

Tenchi's eyes roamed her whole body until they rested on her legs. When
Ryoko
noticed this she put her hand next to her thigh and motioned for him to look

up. When Tenchi looked up he saw Ryoko smirking at him.

Then, as if she had special radar, Ayeka shows up and shoos Ryoko away. As
Ryoko walked past Tenchi she gave him a little wink and walked on with
Tenchi
watching her move her butt with every step and how the shorts stretched and
strained with every step.

Princess Ayeka cleared her voice a fourth time and finally got Tenchi's
attention. "Lord Tenchi, I would like to invite you too a picnic with me
later today." Ayeka said giving him a smirk.

"Sure," he said not altogether happy about not being able to spend today
with
Ryoko and the smirk Ayeka was giving him didn't lift his suspicions.

"Thank You, Bye," she said and hurried down stairs. When she reached the
bottom she ran to the kitchen where Ryoko, Noboyuki, Sasami, and Mihoshi
were
eating their breakfast. "Sasami would you be so kind as to make a picnic
lunch for me and Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka immediately cast a look at Ryoko who
had stopped sipping her miso soup ... only to go to begin to eat her rice.

For some reason that disturbed Ayeka. "Sure Ayeka!" said Sasami in that
sweet
voice of hers. "When are you guys going?" She asked as she finished her
breakfast.

"Oh just up the valley so we can get some privacy." Ayeka answered stressing

the last two words. Not a grimace from Ryoko. Strange! Ayeka wondered why
was
she being so quiet. By now Ryoko would have wanted to go along.

***

It was 10:00 when Ayeka and Tenchi left the house. For some reason Ryoko
wasn't following them, in fact she was still on the porch taking a cat nap
when they left. Well, Ayeka didn't care if she came or not. It was this was
so unlike her.

Oh well, Ayeka didn't worry about it as they neared the forest, she began to

concentrate on the scenery. It was early spring so everything was about to
bloom and forest had the feeling of life. Ayeka loved this forest. It was
the
first one she saw since she came to Earth. It was the one she always loved
going through when she was thinking and later she hoped, if everything went
well where she and Tenchi were going to make love. Ayeka could hardly wait
everything was so well planned.

As they neared the spot Ayeka grabbed Tenchi's hand and said "Come on, Lord
Tenchi! Let's run." Then she took off leaving Tenchi behind.

When she got to the spot, Ayeka turned around to yell "I win!" but instead a

Tenchi in the distance was what she saw. What's he doing back there? thought

Ayeka. When he got there before she even asked him he said "The food
would've
spilled and then what would've been the point of coming up here."

The day wasn't spent in the way Ayeka would've wished. Tenchi seemed cold
and
unreachable. When she asked him to go swimming he said it was too early in
the month for that. When he set out the plates he set them out on opposite
sides of the blanket and when it was time to go he practically ran to the
Masaki house and when he saw Ryoko his face light up with a smile, the first

one that day.

Later in the evening when she was in her room she heard someone outside her
door. When she got up to see who it was she heard Ryoko's voice and
Tenchi's.

"So how was your day Ryo-chan?" asked Tenchi in a low voice. And the way he
said 'Ryo-chan ripped at Ayeka's soul. "Pretty good considering you weren't
there with me."

"Sorry about but I had that picnic with Ayeka and you know how she is."
Tenchi replied and in the process shreaded more of Ayeka's soul. Suddenly
she
heard the soft sound of wet skin connecting and she knew they were kissing.

When it stopped Ayeka heard Tenchi say "Mmm you taste good Ryoko." And a
giggle from Ryoko.

"Well, Good night my Koneko." And with that footsteps were heard walking
away
from Ayeka's door. It took two minutes before Ayeka's tears soaked the
pillow. Why did it have to be Ryoko! The woman was rude and disgusting!
Totally unsuited to Lord Tenchi, but he was in love with her and she was in
love with him. Ayeka cried herself to sleep that night.

The End (for now)

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo in any way shape or form(alas!). That
honor belongs to some fortunate others. I am only using the characters and
personalities for a time.
