------------------------------------------------------------------------
MYOKO'S NOTE:
    Hey ya'll. I do not own any Tenchi or Bouncer characters and don't wish
too. These characters belong to their respectful owners. LEMON folks. That
means SEX, and lots of it. You have been warned. Kids underage shouldn't be
reading this stuff. SO GET LOST TEENY BOPPERS!
    N e way, this story is a crossover/lemon between characters of Tenchi
and characters of The Bouncer.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

No Need for a Love to Call my Own

CHAPTER 1 - YURI ATTACK!

By: Myo Myo

AT THE MASAKI HOME...

    "DAMN YOU! WHY DON'T CHU GO AND SUCK WALNUTS PRINCESS PUSSY!!" Ryoko
shouted at Ayeka in a mad fit.

    "WELL, WHY DON'T YOU GO TO HELL!!" Ayeka shouted back, turning red with
anger.

    "I'VE BEEN THERE THANK YOU!!" Ryoko shouted once more before Tenchi
jumped in.

    "Girls, girls please!" Tenchi tried to calm them down when a loud crash
could be heard not far from his home. They all gasped.

    "What was that?" Sasami asked while looking out the window with Mihoshi
by her side. Mihoshi was busy chewing on her fingernails and wailing.

    "I-I'm scared!! M-maybe it was a-a monster f-from the p-planet of Bacon
Man!!" Mihoshi cried as everyone stopped to stare at her with sweat drops.

    "Maybe it was just another one of Washu's inventions gone bad...." Ryoko
said under her breath.

    "Noooooo! I'm right here my wonderful, precious, loveable, adorable,
daughter of mine!!" Washu said as she grabbed Ryoko's head and squeezed it.
Ryoko was turning purple from loss of oxygen.

IN OTHER PLACES....

    A dark figure rose from the ashes of the crash and stood staring at the
timid Masaki Household not too far from where it was standing. A cloak
covered it's body showing hints of it's muscles which seemed to emit a
strong feeling of fear onto onlookers who dared challenge it's power. The
figure was then joined by a white creature with red eyes.

    *PING!* "MREEEEOOOWWWW" Ryo-Ohki hissed and got into her fighting
position as she realized who was here.

    "Ryo-Ohki, what's wrong?" Sasami asked looking scared. Ryoko noticed her
cabbits actions. <Oh no.... it... can't... be> Ryoko thought horridly as she
looked out the window. Ryoko new it couldn't be true.

    "Stay here. I'll go check it out" Ryoko ordered.

    "But Ryoko-" Techi started.

    "I said I'll go!" She yelled at him. Tenchi nodded slowly and backed
away. <Why are you here.... What have I got that you want..> Ryoko thought.

    Ryoko phased through the door. She flew until the smoke from the crash
was clearly seen. It seemed like the crash site was deserted. But almost as
if she was expecting it, she jumped quickly to dodge a flying flash of
light.

    Ryoko had gasped at that and turned in time to greet her rival with
crimson eyes that were full of hatred. Ryoko growled a low growl and stood
in fighting position, staring down her arch nemesis, Nagi. They stood
staring at one another for what seemed like hours until Nagi spoke.

    "Well, well, well, the Space Pirate Ryoko. How are we this lovely day?
Have you laid Tenchi yet? Or has he run from you again?" Nagi said huskily
with an evil grin.

    "That's none of goddamn business bitch! I know you want something...
SPIT IT OUT ALREADY!!"

    "Me? Hmph. What makes you think I want something?"

    Ryoko was getting curious as to why she hadn't tried to attack her yet.
<What are you planning to do Nagi? I know your gonna try something....>
Ryoko thought cautiously to her self. Nagi just grinned and held her hand
out. Ken-Ohki jumped into her palm.

    Nagi threw Ken-Ohki up to the sky. "We're going on a little trip
Ryoko..." Nagi said with a sly smile that made Ryoko shiver with fear.

    Ayeka looked out and saw Ken-Ohki hovering over the crash site.

    "Oh no! It's Nagi!! Tenchi what are we gonna do?" Ayeka asked Tenchi,
who was already trying to think of something. Mihoshi and Sasami were
scared. Tenchi had to go after Ryoko in pursue of Nagi.

    Nagi whooshed toward Ryoko and bashed her across the face. Ryoko flew
back crashing hard into an Oak tree. Nagi then lunged her knee into Ryoko's
stomach hard.

    "AHHHHHHH!!!" Ryoko managed to choke out before she lost her breath and
collapsed onto the ground. The last thing Ryoko saw was the crimson eyes
that stared deeply into hers. She passed out.

    Tenchi burst through a thicket of bushes as he unleashed his sword. He
shined his anger that spread wickedly across his face.

    "LEAVE HER ALONE NAGI!" Tenchi shouted as Nagi just picked up the
unconscious Ryoko.

    "Don't waste your energy boy. Ryoko was mine from the beginning."

    "I said put her doooooown!!!!" And with that Tenchi sped forward and
lashed his sword. Nagi easily subsided the attack. But she felt a slight
sting on her arm. She looked down and saw her cloak had been torn along with
her flesh as well. Nagi's eyes burned with an evil Tenchi has never seen.

    "BOY, HOW DARE YOU TRY ME UP! YOU SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT TWICE BEFORE
TRYING ME! IT'S GO TIME!"

    Nagi teleported Ryoko up onto her ship. She whipped her sword out to
engage in a battle with Tenchi. He stood ready. Nagi rammed onward and so
did Tenchi. It was a head to head battle between the two.

    *CLING*

    *CLANG*

    *CHING*

    *SHAM*

    The duel continued as Nagi and Tenchi battled it out. Nagi swiftly
counter attacked a slash from Tenchi an stabbed his shoulder, then pulled
her sword from there and gashed it across his knee.

    "YAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

    Ayeka jumped. Sasami and Mihoshi both looked at Ayeka's trembling hands.
Neither said a word, but looked out at the crash site. Washu noticed the
scream and noted that it was indeed Tenchi.

    "Ayeka, summon Azaka and Kamadake and go find Lord Tenchi, I'll go into
my lab and see if I can find out what's going on and why Nagi's come!! And
Sasami, Mihoshi, you two can help me!" Washu ordered them. They all nodded.
Sasami and Mihoshi jumped up and disappeared into Washu's lab along with
Washu.

    "WE MUST SEE TO IT THAT LORD TENCHI IS OK! AZAKA, KAMADAKE! TAKE ME TO
LORD TENCHI AT ONCE!!"

    "YES PRINCESS!!" They appeared quickly and placed a thin bubble around
her and headed out the door.

    Nagi stood over Tenchi's hurdled, bleeding form and grinned an evil
grin.

    "I don't know why Ryoko has any interest in such a feeble little boy
such as your self. When she could have..." Nagi bent down to his ear and
whispered.

    "....me...." Tenchi eyes grew wide with terror. He looked up into the
Bounty's eyes. Nagi just grinned again. Tenchi's mouth was open but no sound
came out. She grinned once more as she kissed him hard on the lips. Tenchi
didn't even attempt to struggle. She let go and winked at him.

    "Don't worry. I'll bring her back safe and sound. On one condition..."
Nagi's husky low voice trailed off.

    "W-what?" Tenchi asked. She smiled this time, emitting a gasp from him.
He thought he'd never live to see Nagi smile like that. But he did.

    "You keep that secret of how I wanted her to your self. And I won't hurt
her. Understand?" Tenchi nodded fast. She slapped him hard on the shoulder.
Tenchi winced and she just chuckled while getting up and walking toward the
center of the crash site. Ken-Ohki beamed Nagi aboard and flew off into
space.

    Tenchi slowly got to his feet, holding his wound, and gazed up at the
now setting sky. Just then, Ayeka crashed through a little late. But didn't
say a word to him because that look on his face meant that he was in very
deep thought. So Ayeka just hopped off Azaka and Kamadake, walked up next to
him and looked up into the pink sky with him.

ONBOARD KEN-OHKI...

    Ryoko starts to stir.

    "Uhhh.... my heaaad.... maaaan...."

    Ryoko groaned as she touched her head. With her eyes still closed, she
felt she had bandages on her head. She opened her eyes only to find that she
was in a room on a bed. She stood up and walked towards the wide window and
gasped. She was knee deep in space! <How did I get here....> She thought.

    Ryoko's turned toward the door as she heard a noise. She tiptoed toward
her door and opened it slowly. She poked her head out and looked around.
<Now why does this ship look familiar...> She thought as she walked down the
hallway, looking down at the floor and being able to see right through it.

    Ryoko continued walking until she found another door from which the
sound was coming from. She opened the door find what seemed to be the
shower. She opened the door slightly and peeked inside. Her face flushed as
she saw Nagi's well built body under steaming hot beads of water.

    Nagi's breasts were being lathered in slow sexy motions. The
effervescent lather would then slide down past her thighs. Nagi slowly began
to work on her ass, sliding the sponge up, over and in between her luscious
thighs. Ryoko heard Nagi moan a low moan to herself when the sponge touched
between her legs.

    Ryoko had a warm feeling between her legs that she never felt before.
Not even around Tenchi! Nagi turned the water off. She stepped out of the
shower as the steam floated past her feet. Beads of still steaming water
slid down her body.

    Ryoko's mind snapped as she didn't know what to do. If Nagi saw her
there, she'd never here the end of it back on Earth. But before she could
think, she looked up in time to face a wet Nagi.

    Her face flushed as she stood there. Ryoko, finally coming back to her
senses, tried her best to look angry even though the universes best bounty
was standing wet in front of her.

    "What do you want with me Nagi?" Ryoko asked not taking her eyes from
the bounty. Nagi just stood there for a moment, dripping water on the floor.

    "Why... I want nothing more than to be with you, my gorgeous Pirate."
Nagi answered in a low seductive tone, casually dropping her towel revealing
her sexy nude body still dripping with moisture. Ryoko gasped and her face
flushed again as she gazed at the bounty's sexy features.

    Ryoko has seen more than enough of Nagi's sexy body at the swimsuit
contest, but this tops it! She stared up and down the Bounty's built body.
Ryoko even started to drool!

    Nagi's full breasts stood up with erect nipples that seemed to be
screaming for Ryoko's touch. Her stomach was nice and muscled; tight and
sexy; nearly making Ryoko's body ache for it's own attention.

    Nagi's thighs were long and slender with the additional muscles that
made her features much more appealing. And a thatch of neatly shaved bluish
hair peeked from Nagi's nether regions. Ryoko didn't seem to notice she had
her mouth wide open in the shape of an O the whole time. Nagi just grinned.

    "Do you like what you see?"

    Nagi asked walking toward Ryoko with slow sexy steps, then pressing her
body tight up against Ryoko's, pinning her to the wall while sending waves
of pleasure throughout her body.

    "Y-yes.... I do..."

    Ryoko gasped out, feeling Nagi's wet body against her own. Nagi smirked
at Ryoko's actions. Ryoko was breathing hard too. And her nipples were
poking through her shirt. Nagi grinned and slid her fingers up Ryoko's
skirt. She jumped at Nagi's slight attention. She pressed two fingers up
against a moist spot between her legs. Ryoko bit down on her lip and wrapped
her arms around Nagi's waist and told her not to stop. She smiled and leaned
forward, pressing her lips against Ryoko's.

    Ryoko opened her mouth and slid her tongue into Nagi's mouth. Nagi
moaned and pressed her fingers harder into the moist cotton panties Ryoko
had on. Ryoko groaned into the kiss, deepening it. The kiss lasted for a few
minutes until Nagi broke it and led Ryoko to her quarters.

    Ryoko lay sprawled out across the bed. Nagi literally tore at Ryoko's
clothing. Then she slid in between her silky legs and started kissing and
probing Ryoko's juicy clit with her tongue.

    "AH! Yea..... Mmmmm... Nagi-sama...."

    Ryoko moaned and slid her finger tips into Nagi's hair, pushing her head
deeper into her juicy clit.

    "Nagi.... uhhhhh... oohhhh.. don't stop.. " She breathed out.

    Seconds later, Ryoko shouted Nagi's name came into her mouth. Nagi
slurped up as much as she could. Ryoko pulled her up to her and kissed her
sliding her tongue deep into her mouth. Tasting herself in Nagi's mouth.
Ryoko rolled the pair over and evilly grinned at a surprised Nagi. Ryoko
then thrust three digits into Nagi's went cunt.

    "OoooooHHHHH GODDDDDD! RYOKO YESSSS!! MmMmMmMm! Soo gooood!!"

    Nagi moaned as Ryoko continued to finger fuck her. Ryoko kept pushing
deeper into Nagi's cunt until her walls tightened and she came all over
Ryoko's face and chest.

    Nagi started to lay Ryoko in 69 and inserted her fingers into Ryoko's
moist cunt. Ryoko was faced with Nagi's wet cunt as she leaned forward and
licked it while sucking it. Nagi worked furiously as Ryoko did the same. The
women screamed in orgasm as Nagi lay next to Ryoko and helped her lick the
mess they made off each other.

    Nagi sat up and grinned seeing Ryoko's face covered with her cum. Ryoko
was busy licking herself clean while Nagi leaned forward and helped her out.
Ryoko giggled sleepily as Nagi nibbled on one of her cum covered nipples.
Nagi slid back up and kissed Ryoko's now sleepy form.

    "Sleep my pirate. You need your rest."

    Nagi kissed her forehead and then kissed her lips as Ryoko closed her
cat-like hazel eyes. Nagi slid the soft lavender velvet sheets over Ryoko's
slim body. She got up to go shower again and looked back upon Ryoko's
sleeping form. She smirked. <She looks so innocent when she sleeps....> Nagi
though to her self as she closed the door.

HOURS LATER....

    Tenchi watched Ryoko from the door way, but kept his distance. He would
never tell of Nagi's wild desires nor would he believe it. He just sighed
quietly and walked past her room.

    Ryoko was plopped on her bed, looking up in the sky in time to see
Nagi's craft blaze off into space. She sighed and lay back on her pillow
while thinking deeply.

    "What are you up to this time Nagi...." Ryoko thought aloud to herself.
She looked up at the now twilight sky, catching sight of Ken-Ohki blaze off
into space.

                                    END

                                  Chapter 1


