"No Need for an Education"
Chapter 2

Ryoko woke up very early that day. After taking a shower, she selected for
herself one of her mid-thigh skirts and a silk purple blouse. When her hair
had been combed and put in the braid she liked so much and her glasses were
on, she grabbed a pair of high heels and headed for Washuu's lab.

As she approached the door to Washuu's lab, she wondered how was she going
to
tell her mother. Finally she decided that she was just going to come out an
say it.

Ryoko opened up the door to Washuu's lab and walked in. Totally ignoring the

machines on all sides of her, and went looking for Washuu.

When she found her she snuck up from behind and was about to scare her when
Washuu said "I thought that was you!" Ryoko face-faulted.

"Well, what do you want now, Ryoko?" Washuu said as she turned in her chair.

To see her face when she saw Ryoko in that outfit you would swear she found
a
way to replicate yen (actually it is rather very easy first you take
nitro-dioxide... but wait! Back to the story.)

"Why Ryoko, I didn't know you wanted to look so professionel. I guess every
girl wants to look  like her Mommy at sometime in her life!" Washuu said
going into Mother-mode.

"I need to talk to you about..." Ryoko felt her throat tighten up and she
felt unable to continue. "H-how d-d-d-did y-you ge-get over dad?"

Ryoko could tell that she had hit a nerve. Ryoko could hardly remember her
father and her mother never wanted to talk about him. According to Washuu,
her father had been a prince from a major noble house (House Vesatetra).
They
had had a fairy tale love, but when their family ordered him not to see her
again they ran away.

Soon after Ryoko was born but because of the bounty on his head (and
Washuu's) they were hunted down. He died protecting his family. That was
around the time Washuu had become insane and she met Kagato.

"Well..." Washuu began after a very long silence, "Well, I think it had
something to do with the fact I hurled myself into my work. After the shock
wore-off, it didn't feel so bad. I began to take care of you, since you were

his child."

They sat in silence for ten minutes until "Why do you ask, Sweety." Washuu
asked wiping the tears away. Ryoko stopped crying long enough to answer.

"Because I want to begin a new life, but there is a big problem." Ryoko was
afraid to go on. "Yesterday after me and Tenchi got off the bus... well. He
kissed me. And I mean he kissed me. It was amazing! I didn't think he would
be such a good kisser!"

Washuu just sat back in her chair and smiled. She knew what Ryoko meant. She

also knew that if she gave her advice it would destroy this great life
experience. This was something that Ryoko had to figure out for herself.

They were yanked back to conscience by Sasami yelling about breakfast. "And
hurry up Washuu before it gets cold!"

"What am I going to do?!" asked Ryoko. "Go to school with Tenchi and behave
yourself." Washuu answered with a "Little Ryoko" at the end. Amazing Ryoko
didn't get pissed.

The meal was spent in silence because Tenchi didn't say anything and Ayeka
was far to angry. She just sat chewing her tongue and glaring poison at
Ryoko.

When it became time to go to school Ryoko and Tenchi walked down the path
with three feet of room between them and Ayeka not far behind so they
couldn't talk. She even went with them all the way to the school just to
make
sure. And she was there when they ate lunch together with a space of 5
inches
between them. In fact, she was watching them all day and even when they
left.

When they got home, Ryoko floated to her room and Tenchi went to his. Ayeka
stayed in front of Tenchi's door up into the time he came out to eat diner
and again when he went to bed. This continue for two weeks and Ryoko and
Tenchi barely spoke to each other.

Little did Ayeka know that Tenchi and Ryoko were sneaking out of their
windows and going to the shrine to spend time together (under the eye of
Yoshou) they would do their homework or just talk about the day. Somtimes
they would go to Washuu's lab and play with some of her inventions.

It was the best time of Ryoko's life. Tenchi was paying her attention and no

one was getting in the way. Not even Ayeka who had given up on guarding
Tenchi's room. Everyone seemed to give up on keeping Ryoko and Tenchi apart.

In fact, they came very very close to kissing again one day if Yoshou hadn't

stopped them, but he just smiled as if recalling a memory from his past.
Washuu, Nobuyoki, and Yoshou all looked at Ryoko and Tenchi with a knowing
smile. That's what worried Ryoko.

Ryoko's and Tenchi's relationship then turned into a normal pattern. During
the day they were under watch of Ayeka and during the evening Yoshou, even
at
night they were watched by Washuu, so they didn't get many chances to kiss
or
even hug.

But as time went on they began to form a plan so they could be together.

They were going to go to school and act like nothing was different and then
Ryoko would go to the bathroom and soon after Tenchi would leave. When they
were both out they would grab the food under the stairs stashed earlier.
Then
without the knowledge of either Ayeka or Washuu or even Yoshou they would
run
away together. It was the perfect plan!

The End (for now)

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo in any way shape or form(alas!). That
honor belongs to some fortunate others. I am only using the characters and
personalities for a time.
