-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MYOKO’S
NOTE:

LEMON: NEXT EXIT!! CAREFUL NOW! No characters belong to me. Now, Chapter 3
of No Need for Love to Call My Own. Hope you people are itching to read it
as much as I was writing it. Will Washu be able to get Tenchi into telling
her _why_ he'd been avoiding her daughter? But, ever wonder what Ryoko does
in her spare time now that she has had that ‘special‘ time with Nagi? And
who‘s that approaching Ryoko in the darkness of Washu‘s lab?? *Gasps* >.<
Read on to see what happens...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No Need for a Love to Call My Own

CHAPTER 3

By: Myo Myo

Just one of those days!

DAMN!



MASAKI HOUSEHOLD....

    *BAM*

    *BAM*

    *BAM*

    “GET OUT OF THERE YOU BEAST!!”

    Ayeka yelled into the wooden doorframe with a reddened face. No sound
came from behind the door. Ayeka grew more and more impatient at the silence
burdening from within the room. Sasami came up to Ayeka to find her with an
infuriated look on her face. But deep down inside, Sasami knew that Ayeka
was worried about the pirate. She’d been in her room all last night and all
this morning. Ayeka turned on her heel to meet her little sister.

    “Where’s Ryoko? She’s never late for breakfast...”

    “I don’t know Sasami. The woman’s probably too stupid to realize she’s
late, the horrid beast...”

    Ayeka stormed past her sister, running down the stairs and crashing into
Washu, who just emerged from her lab. Ayeka just blew up in Washu’s face and
started yelling at her.

    “WATCH WHERE YOU’RE GOING YOU FREAKY LITTLE KNOME!!”

    “WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?!”

    “WANT ME TO SPELL IT OUT! F-R-E-A-K-Y L-I-T-T-L-E K-N-O-M-E!!”

    “GRRR! HOW DARE YOU INSULT THE GREATEST GEINUS IN ALL OF THE UNIVERSE!”

    “GENIUS NOTHING, YOU VERTICALLY CHALLENGED, INSUBSTANTIAL, ILL-ADVISED
MIDGET! GET OUTTA MY WAY BEFORE I STEP ON YOU!!”

    Sasami just sighed, glancing at Ryoko’s bedroom door. <I hope she’s
ok...> she thought. Sasami walked down the stairs and saw Washu with a
curious look on her face. Washu looked over at Sasami.

    “What’s the matter with your dim-witted sister now?”

    “*sigh* I don’t know Little Washu. Ayeka’s just mad at Ryoko. Speaking
of her, Ryoko’s been up in her room since Nagi returned her last evening.
She hasn’t spoken a word to any one nor shown any sign if she‘s still alive
in there. I’m really worried Little Washu.”

    “Me too Sasami. Me too. What ever that bounty did to Ryoko, she sure did
it well. I mean, Ryoko has never locked herself in her room like that. She
missed dinner last night, now breakfast.”

    “You think Tenchi can help her, Little Washu?”

    “Come to think of it, Tenchi hasn’t been any where near Ryoko. He didn’t
even say anything to her that night she came back and was sitting up in her
room. He didn’t even bother to help her when Nagi held her out to him. He
just backed away. Nobiyuki had to obtain her from Nagi... What has gotten
into him? Where is he usually after breakfast, Sasami?”

    “In the fields of course. Why?”

    “I have to talk with him. It’s strange though. Tenchi has always been
willing to help Ryoko out... But why not now...”

    “I don’t know. I hope you can get some answers from him, Little Washu.”

    “Yeah, bye, Sasami. I’ll see you in a bit. SMOOTCHIES! ^_~”

    “Bye, Washu. Smootchies?”

RYOKO’S ROOM...

    Ryoko tossed and turned in her bed. Her mind crossed back to the actions
that took place inside her rivals ship last night. Nagi’s hands on her
breasts, her tongue in that sweet spot between her legs, her fingers that
would replace her tongue, her kiss that Ryoko just couldn’t get enough of.

    Though she hated Nagi, a feeling in the pit of her stomach told her that
Nagi was much more than that. Ryoko groaned, grumbled in her sleep, trying
to convince herself that Nagi wasn’t for her. Her conscience wouldn’t let
her make that assumption just yet.

    She remembered how frighteningly gentle Nagi was with touching and
caressing her. How Nagi would experiment with her body. Poking and touching,
seeing how Ryoko’s body would react. And how Nagi had apologized for
pinching her nipple too hard.

    Ryoko shed a few tears through her closed eyes at the first time hearing
Nagi apologize for something. In all the years she’s known the bounty, she
praised the moment hearing say she was sorry for the first time.

    Tossing once more, kicking her legs about and releasing her legs from
the inconvenience of the sheets, she brought to mind the moment of the
apology. Along with other essentials the bounty accomplished that led Ryoko
to believe she was in fact in _love_ with the red eyed beauty.

Flashback....

    *Zzng*

    *Yoing*

    *Gnch*

    “OW! Please don’t... pull so... hard...”

    “I... I’m... sorry... how’s this...”

    Nagi softly placed kisses around Ryoko’s breast and licked her nipple,
suckling it like a newborn being breast fed for the first time. Ryoko rolled
her head back and interlocked her fingers into Nagi’s hair, moaning waves of
anticipation erotically.

    She started breathing harder once Nagi’s fingers found their way to her
cunt that was already wet with pre-cum. Nagi slid her fingers between
Ryoko’s lips beneath her slender hips, gently massaging the jewel hidden
within the folds.

    “N... Nagi... oh god... I need you... in me... now... stop this
teasing.... Uhhhhhh.... Nagi... please..”

    Ryoko breathed out, glaring at the bounty, eyes filled an insane craving
for this bounty. Nagi smiled and kissed her pirate passionately, driving her
tongue into Ryoko’s mouth. Ryoko seized her tongue, sucking it along with
Nagi’s lips by means of a mad desire to never let go.

    Of course, they had to breathe. Gasping and spurting for air, Ryoko
stared at Nagi, leaning forward, pressing her lips against Nagi’s once more.
She just couldn’t control her craving for Nagi’s luscious lips. She sucked,
licked, nibbled, kissed, tugged, and sucked again, not wanting to lose the
taste of the bounty‘s lips.

    Nagi’s fingers tangled themselves in a web of slickness as they’d found
their way down to Ryoko’s cunt. Ryoko moaned in the kiss and pulled Nagi’s
body closer to hers. Lips to lips, breasts to breasts, torso to torso, and
crotch to crotch. Ryoko’s mind drifted into pools of satisfaction and
exquisiteness.

    Being with this bounty made Ryoko feel good in an intimate way. Ryoko
grinned during the kiss. Nagi grunted, pressing her lips harder against
Ryoko’s lips. Tongues danced, fingers groped along with hands of ecstatic
curiosity.

    The kiss broke yet again as Ryoko stared deep into Nagi’s eyes. The
women’s heads moved back slowly, eyes still closed, breathing heavy, hearts
beating like mad. Ryoko opened her eyes to find Nagi already staring back,
smiling with a burning passion for the sexy pirate.

    Ryoko saw a firewall hidden within Nagi’s intense eyes of excitement,
but seeing past that, saw a passion, a desire, a need for something. Without
even thinking, Ryoko just burst out those three words that caught Nagi
completely off guard.

    “I... love... you...”

    Ryoko then collapsed into Nagi’s shoulder and sobbed, holding the
bounty’s sweat stricken body, hoping that nothing would take her away from
this bounty....

    End Flashback...

    “GAH!”

    Ryoko woke with a start, sweating cold sweat. She sat in the still of
the room, asking herself the question again. <Do I really... _love_... Nagi?
But... I love Tenchi... Ten... Nagi....> She slapped her forehead in
tremendous mystification over the result of that nights passion with the
superbly eye-catching Bounty Huntress Nagi.

    It was just something about the bounty that caught Ryoko’s eye. Speaking
of eyes, Nagi’s were very much alluring towards her. Seemed like Ryoko
couldn’t take her eyes off of the bounty’s crimson pools she called eyes for
fear of her disappearing once again, plunging within the depths of deep
sub-space. She recalled how Nagi had held her face and stared profoundly
into her eyes and mimicking those same words upon her lips.

    “I love you too, my precious Ryoko...”

    Then kissing her deeply in an endless scene of desire. Her vision
cleared from the thought and she sighed heavily to herself, cursing while
gazing up at the tan ceiling. Ryoko stood up and walked over to her window
and looked out at the tranquil break of day. Ryoko‘s eyes moved towards the
sky. <She... she loves me too...>

    Ryoko’s hazel cat-like eyes filled with tears. The tears slid down her
flushed cheeks as she leaned against the wall, dragging her nude back along
the wall and down to the floor to cry in a more prestigious manner. She
cried into her knees that were pulled up to her face. Ryoko held herself and
cried. Cried for love, for Tenchi, for.... Nagi.

AT THE FIELDS...

    “Tenchi!”

    “Hm? Oh, hi Little Washu. What’s up?”

    “What’s up? WHAT’S UP!? What is it with you? Why are you avoiding my
daughter?”

    “Uh.... I... “

    “I’m waiting.”

    Tenchi stood, arms rested on the tip of his hoe (No. Not _that_ kind!
^_~) He knew he could never tell of Nagi crazed desire for Ryoko let alone
put Ryoko in danger of falling back with that bounty. He looked at Washu,
who stared back at him in anticipation of his answer.

    “I... I can’t tell you...”

    “What!”

    Tenchi looked away from Washu impetuous glare.

    “What do you mean you can’t tell me why your avoiding my daughter?”

    “I.. I’m not avoiding her. It’s just that... Nagi..”

    “What about her! You know something don’t you Tenchi? Tell me!”

    “I... I can’t.. She said not to or else...”

    “Or else what!”

    “She’d hurt Ryoko.... next time...”

    “Next time...”

    “Y-yeah...”

    “Tenchi, you have to tell me.”

    He looked into Washu’s eyes. Her demanding green eyes pierced a hole in
Tenchi’s grief-stricken mind. Tenchi sighed. <I have to tell her. I have to
tell someone...> He looked into her stern eyes once more opening his mouth
to speak.

    “Nagi, she... she _likes_ Ryoko...”

    “Say what?”

    “You know... likes...”

    Washu gawked at Tenchi’s response. Tenchi just blushed and stared at the
ground. Washu, finally coming back to her senses, managed to speak.

    “L-likes? Great Einstein’s ghost, Nagi is in love with my poor innocent
Ryoko!”

    “Uh... innocent is kinda taking it a bit to far now don’t you think Miss
Washu?”

    *THWAKAM!*

    “~_~;.... Uhn.... Little.... Washu... my mistake.”

    “I can’t believe this. Ryoko’s arch nemesis is in _love_ with her. But
that’s... that's crazy for the love of cheese puffs!!”

    “Yeah, well, that’s what she said.”

    “Hmmm... I need to ask Ryoko a few questions about Nagi’s little
_abduction_ towards her.... I‘ll talk to you later Tenchi. Got some research
to do. SMOOTCHIES! ^_~”

    “Yeah, bye. Huh? Smootchies? >_<;”

AT THE BATH....

    Ryoko sighed and relaxed in the warm water of the bath. She closed her
eyes, thoughts drifting back to Nagi and her sexy self. Lucky the rest of
the household had left earlier. Ryoko came out when she knew they had all
left. Ryoko had crept out of her room once she sensed no one was home. She
made sure she gave a quick check around the bath to make sure she was alone.
Ryoko grinned when her thoughts flew back to Nagi.

    “Mmmmmm..... Nagi.... yeah.... uhhhhnnn”

    She slid her hand over her right breast, kneading it gently, imagining
that Nagi had taken her back into her dark room to go on with her sexual
desires. Ryoko had her left hand sink into the warm water to stroke her cat.
Ryoko tensed at the sensation and slid two fingers into her cunt.

    “AH! Mmm.. So.. good...”

    She continued to please herself by inserting another finger and pumping
is furiously. Ryoko’s moans filled the heat of the bath as she kneaded her
breast with more force. She took her hand from her cunt and sucked on her
fingers, licking them hungrily. She pinched her nipple hard and yelped while
reinserting her fingers into her tight cunt.

    All of her fingers disappeared into her folds as her thumb pressed hard
against her clit, rubbing it harder and harder. Her back arched away from
the brim of the bath as she felt closer and closer to the edge. Ryoko threw
her head back in a wicked grin of genuine craving. She ran her tongue along
the rows of her teeth and sharp fangs. She pushed her fingers deeper as her
other hand worked continuously on her breast, pushing and tugging the aching
nipple.

    “So... close... must... Nagi.. AH!”

    Ryoko could feel it coming closer. But the closer it came, the farther
away it felt. Her face twisted into an expression of utter infatuation.
Ryoko was on cloud nine, in seventh heaven, beside herself as her head
rolled back and against the lip of the bath. Her back arched, her face
twisted, her fingers elbow deep within her, she was close. O so close to the
edge of her passionate longing.

    “Uhhh.... so... hot... oh god... yes... yes... YES... NAGI... OH
GODDD!!!!”

    Ryoko threw her head back in a howl of supremacy as she exploded into
the bath, releasing all her liquids. She slumped back, hitting her backside
against the edge of the bath with a loud thud. Breathing heavily, face a
flush, dizzy in an uncontrolled world of bliss, Ryoko smiled indiscreetly.

    “Mmm... Nagi... I... luuuve... ya... bebeh...”

    Ryoko slurred smiling cheesily. She acted drunk, like she just finished
two or three hundred bottles of Sake. She was drunk all right, but not off
of Sake. Drunk off of Nagi’s nectar of love. She was literally drowning in
Nagi’s love. She was hazily checking out the steamy scenery as she grinned
again idiotically. She ran her tongue along her fangs again and smiled,
sighing in fulfillment.

    Washu just walked in hearing her daughters scream and stopped. She stood
staring down at her _high_ daughter. She sweat-dropped and spoke with
caution. When Ryoko’s high, yuo better watch out. Ryoko looked up and gave
her an ARMY salute, with crossed eyes. Then, Ryoko’s hand moved down in the
water and started to ’jack-off’, slapping the water with her fist and
rolling her eyes in the back of her head, tongue flailing about. Knowing she
didn’t have a male organ, Washu’s eye twitched uneasily.

    “R-Ryoko? Are you ok dear? Stop that. You‘ll poke your eye out.”

    “Mirror, Mirror, On za wall...”

    “Eh?”

    “DAMN! I shure... look fine...”

    “Uh...”

    “I can’t blame zose horny guys...”

    “Um...”

    “I would make... me mine...”

    “Ryoko? What have you been smoking dear?”

    Ryoko didn’t answer, but looked up and shot a raspberry her mother.

    “PHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTT!!!”

    Washu just sighed while walking over to pick up her insane daughter.
Ryoko started giggling wildly as she crawled up on top of her mothers head.
Ryoko laughed a bit more then circled three times and lie in a sleeping
position on her mothers head. Washu sighed once again in confusion.

    “What has gotten into you, Ryoko...”

    She breathed, carrying her daughter on top of her head, walking back
into the house.

WASHU‘S LABROTORY....

    Ryoko sat quietly finally coming back to her senses, watching her mother
place small patches all over her half-naked body. The patches had wires
coming out of them that lead to a machine a few feet away. Washu finished
placing the small patches and left momentarily. Ryoko leaded back against
the wall, sitting on the cold experimentation table.

    *SHHHT*

    Ryoko’s head turned quickly toward darkness. She squinted her eyes a
bit. Once they’d adjusted to the dimness, she saw an outline of a figure.
She thought she knew who it was. But when it came fully into view under the
examination lamp, she gasped. Standing before her was the last person she’d
ever expect. Tears formed in her eyes staring at the figure standing before
her. The figure before her was..... was...

[Transmission interrupted! Please stand by....]

=========================================================================================

<Myoko gasped and stared blankly at the screen. She caught sight of a little
icon with a familiar face>

Myoko: WHAT THE-!?!?! RADICAL ED!? I was in the middle of finishing this
chapter!!

Radical Ed: Ooopsie!! Hehehehe.... sowwy ^^!!

Myoko: You will be sowwy when I’m through with you!

<Grasps Radical Ed through the screen making her stand in front of her!>

Radical Ed: Urk... I gotta go now!!

Myoko: Oh, no you don’t

<Grabs Ed and slams her into a chair, tying her up>

Myoko: There.

Radical Ed: Weeeeee! YAHOO!!

Myoko: Yeah, you are a Yahoo... Anyways, oh no! I’ve left you guys hanging!!

<Sees people hanging around!>

Myoko: Well, Radical Ed here hacked into my computer, totally throwing me
off, stoping me at the end of this chapter! So, you’ll just have to hang on
until Chapter 4!!! But do not worry! I shall be finished soon enough!! Email
me if you’d like for me to continue!

Radical Ed: Email! Email! Email! Emaillllllllll!!!

Myoko: ED!! SHAD DAP!!

<Throws her shoe at Ed as she grabs it in mid flight and chews on it,
growling!>

Myoko: Ew. Ok then, I’ll start right away on chapter 4 revealing who Ryoko
sees!! Until then, Bye!!

Radical Ed: Bye Bye Bye! I don’t wanna make it tough! I just wanna tell ya
that I had enough!

Myoko: I had enough of you alright....

<Myoko sighs and sweat dropped as Radical Ed continued to chew on her
shoe....>

                                END FOR NOW!

                             2 B CONTINUED.....