---------------------------------------------------------------------MYOKO’S
NOTE:  Sorry for the delay to the rest of my story. I _am_ still in school
and it isn’t easy finding time to write fanfic’s. But for all my fan’s, I
shall continue.... You people are so sweet! It’s fan’s like you that keep me
typin’! *Clasps hands, eyes shimmering*

Ok, e nuff of that. I don’t wanna spoil the juicies. This part kinda
humorous an lemony. But I need to get the fighter’s prepared so, you know. A
lil’ humor neva hurt and not too much sex won’t kill you. So, just bear with
me here. I _do_ need a beginning to a battle scene. Ok for you BLIND people,
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING! THE BATTLE IS SOON TO COME! Don’t go haywire
sending me all these flames.

I do get writer’s block you know. >.<; But, I hope it’s a nice start to the
battle ahead. And by za way, I do have a new e-mail. You can now reach me at
neko_myo_myo@hotmail.com. FLAMES WILL BE READ BY ALL MY FRIENDZ AN LAUGHED
AT!!
---------------------------------------------------------------------

No Need for A Love to Call My Own

Chapter 4: Part 2

Winner Takes All... of Ryoko That Is.

By: Myo Myo

   The sun poured over the mountain side, peeking into the window of a
certain room with a certain Bounty within a Demon’s embrace. Nagi’s eyes
slowly opened to the sight of her beloved demon’s sleeping face. Nagi
smiled, leaning forward and pressing soft kisses upon Ryoko’s closed
eyelids. She yawned, tongue running along her slick fangs. When Ryoko’s
large demon yawn was fin, she caught sight of Nagi’s smile.

   “You got Morning Breath, my love.”

   “ACK! You’re talkin’ to the wrong demon! Anyway, how do I know _you_
don’t reek of Morning Breath?”

   “Let’s find that out, shall we...”

   With that, Nagi leaned forward slowly licking Ryoko’s lips sending
shivers down the demon’s spine as she opened her mouth to take in the
bounty’s gift. Ryoko brought her arms up and around Nagi’s neck, pressing
their bodies together.

   Nagi rolled over so that her lover was on top, taking charge. She ran her
silky fingers up Ryoko’s arching back while kissing the crook of the demon’s
neck, biting and nipping as well. Nagi then slid her hands back down Ryoko’s
back and along her ass. She massaged the mounds in her hands, pushing up,
creating a rhythm with their crotches rubbing together.

   “Nagi... oh god... please don’t stop...”

   Nagi grinned, sliding Ryoko’s leg over her thigh. Ryoko gasped as she
felt her hot spot slide easily against Nagi’s thigh. As Nagi shifted, she
too gasped at the feel of Ryoko sleek thigh rub up against her crotch. Ryoko
began moving back and forth, slowly gasping and moaning as she felt Nagi’s
and her own juices make her movements easier.

   Their breasts her rubbing furiously against one another as Ryoko
increased her pace. Nagi’s face contorted into a look of pure ecstasy. Her
mouth was open, her breath, coming in short gasps, and beads of sweat began
making their way down her face. Ryoko felt her way behind to the headboard
of the bed and grabbed hold of the bars and pulling, making her thrusts more
effective.

   “R...Ryoko! AH AH AH!! GOD! UHHHHH DON’T STOP!! YES YES!! UH”

   “AHHHHH!!! NAGI!! OHHHHH!!! SO GOOOOOD!! UHHHHH!!”

   Both women found the strength to lip lock, driving their tongues up and
over each others teeth. Kissing madly, Ryoko and Nagi both gave one final
thrust of their pelvises. They held the kiss to hold back her screams and
moans of ecstatic bliss. Plus, they didn’t want anyone to wake up.

   Ryoko breathlessly rolled off of an even harder breathing Nagi. Nagi kept
her eyes closed for a time until she felt something soft on her arm. She
turned her head to greet a smiling demon. Ryoko tilted her head up and
kissed Nagi lightly on the cheek, then, rested her head on her shoulder,
wrapping her arms around Nagi. Nagi slid her arm underneath Ryoko and around
her back, pulling her demon closer. After some time of stillness, Ryoko
finally spoke, walking her fingers down Nagi’s chest.

   “Nagi, you _will_ make it back from battle won’t you...”

   “If I depart this life, leaving you in the arms of Tenchi, then so be it.
Maybe everyone is disgusted with our being together and-”

   “NAGI!?”

   “What?!”

   “How can you say that!? I don’t care what anyone else thinks! They all
can go screw themselves. I love you, Nagi! And that’s the only thing that
matters to me. I will never forgive Tenchi if he does away with you. My
heart will always be with you.”

   Nagi laid silent, closing her eyes, thinking back to the man she felt she
was betraying. <Kou Leifoh... My absence as of now must be hard on your
human heart...> Ryoko stared at Nagi for a while, moving to sit up on Nagi’s
pelvis again. Nagi was out of it for quite some time before her mind
clicked. <I have to tell her... It‘s now or never.> She took a deep breath,
opening crimson eyes that met that of a demons.

   “Ryoko... I... I have a confession...”

   “Wha.. What do you mean ’confession’?”

   “I... I met a man... his name’s Kou Leifoh... and we’ve been...”

   Ryoko placed a finger over Nagi’s lips, slowly but easily replacing it
with her mouth. She leaned forward, kissing Nagi gently, driving her tongue
over Nagi’s teeth, then deepening it. She released her lips and looked at
Nagi’s shocked expression.

   “What’s wrong?”

   “What’s wrong? WHAT’S WRONG!? I‘m trying to tell you I‘m seeing a man,
Ryoko!”

   “What’s your point?”

   “POINT!? The POINT is that I have had sex with him and made him mine!
Meaning, I marked him!”

   “Yeah, sooo...”

   “I OWN HIM! He’s like my sex slave! My mate! My lover!”

   “That’s good. Maybe we can put him to good use after you show Tenchi
who’s the boss...”

   Ryoko gave an evil grin as Nagi tried to explain it again to the confused
pirate. Ryoko just ignored Nagi’s frantic explanations and ran her finger
down Nagi’s chest, stopping at her erect nipple an tweaking it.

   “RYOKO! ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME?!”

   “You don’t have to shout. I heard you. It doesn’t matter to me. I know
who Kou is Nagi. I had some fun with his sexy self too. We had our little
clam fests, cummings, and fuck frenzies. All day everyday... Damn Kou was
sexy.”

   “SAY WHAT!?”

   “Yeah, he works at this bar called FATE downtown someplace as a Bouncer,
those guys that bust the punks that try an crash the party. He’s got two
other friends, Volt and Sion. Kou’s cute, funny, and a little shy towards
the girls. I had to get Lil’ Washu to create some invention to erase his
memory from the time we met though. I didn’t want him finding out more about
me. Being a pirate and an alien in all you know.”

   “Oh. Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”

   “Dunno. You never asked!”

   *Nagi --> -_-;*

   “I guess I have nothing else to hide from you, Ryoko. Other than Kou,
there’s no one else but you.”

   “Alright then, it’s settled!”

   “What is?”

   “You screw me now, kick Tenchi’s butt, win my heart, pick up Kou, and we
can all live happily ever after!”

   *Nagi --> >_<;*

   “Ryoko... what about..”

   “Ok ok, yeah I do like Tenchi. But as someone to run to when I need help
or a friend. Not a lover. I’m sure Ayeka would be a much better and more
suitable woman for him. She’s smart, pretty and well to do. Wait a minute...
DID I JUST SAY THAT!?!?!?!?!?”

   “Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!” <-- (Ayeka’s oujosama laugh from her song, Oujosama
to Oyobi. Check it out. It‘s pretty cool.)

   Ayeka climbs out from within the closet holding a tape recorder with a
big grin on her face.

   “AYEKA!?!? HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE??”

   “I snuck in while you two were asleep hours ago. And I _thought_ you two
might _get_ _it_ _on_. Heh heh heh. I’ve waited so long to hear you say that
about me, Ryoko! And now I have those sweet, sweet words ON TAPE! *Whispers*
Along with that _other_ thing you two did... ^.~”

   “WHAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!”

   “Oh oh oh oh oh!!”

   Ayeka plays back Ryoko’s words on her tape recorder.

   ‘I’m sure Ayeka would be a much better and more suitable woman for him.
She’s smart, pretty and well to do.’

   “GRRR!!!! AYEKA!!! GET OUTTA HERE!!!”

   “Oh will do, Ryoko, will do!!”

   Ayeka runs out just as Ryoko pulled out a mallet with AYEKA written on
it. She sped down the hall doing her oujosama laugh, waking everyone up,
excluding Tenchi, who was off at his grandpa‘s shrine, readying himself for
the battle. But... let’s not get into that.(Don’t hate... constipate. >.<)

AT THE BAR CALLED FATE...

   “KOU! KOU!?”

   “What?”

   “You’ve been out of it forever. Come back to reality man. Whazza matter?”

   “Sion.”

   “What?”

   “Shut up.”

   Sion sighs heavily and gets up, walking over to Volt who was standing by
the window. Sion and Volt have been trying for last hour trying to get Kou
to speak. Sion has had the most success seeing to it since Kou was most
annoyed by Sion and his antics.

   “Two words.”

   “What’s that?”

   “Shut up.”

   “Heh, looks like he’s not going to speak anytime soon.”

   “Methinks I have a hunch to what happened, Volt.”

   “Really? Tell me what _you_ think coulda happened to him that led him to
his silence.”

   “Well, suppose he went off thinking since he doesn’t have a girlfriend he
went off in search for one only to come across a babe-a-licious space chick
that was really a very bad bad bounty hunter who seduced him and had really
hot sex with him on her space ship which was a cabbit ship or a ship that
was a rabbit and a cat put together and bit him on the neck marking Kou as
her own to do what ever she desired with and then dropped him off at the
same place she seduced him then left him there to think hey did that just
happen to me so he came back here and is silent because he can’t figure out
if that was really dream or not.”

   *Volt --> O.o?*

   “Of course that’s only a hunch.”

   “Sion.”

   “Yeah?”

   “It’s your shift.”

   “Oh..”

OVER BY A GORGEOUS BEACH...

   “Nagi.”

   “Yes.”

   “What are we doing out here?”

   “Don’t you think it’s beautiful?”

   “What?”

   “The scenery? The blue sea, the sky forever...”

   “Yes, I know all that, Nagi. But, why did you bring me here?”

   Nagi walked away from Ryoko to a spot on the tip of the overhang. She
looked down at the waves bashing against the sides of the rocks. She sighed,
closing her eyes. She felt arms wrap around her waist. Nagi turned in those
arms to see they belonged to that of the one she loved.

   “Ryoko, if I don’t make it through the battle...”

   “Nagi please don’t...”

   “Sh. I want you to be happy anyway. I’m not the type to give up easily
but as you said before, Tenchi does have the power of Jurai on his side. I
may not even come close to beating him. Promise me that you’ll at least show
_some_ type of admiration towards him, Ryoko.”

   “*sniff* I.... I promise.. Nagi.”

   Nagi smiled again in a way Ryoko never thought possible. More tears found
their exit as Ryoko held Nagi, sobbing into the crook of the bounty’s neck.
Nagi too held on as Ryoko unleashed the water works. She stroked Ryoko’s
hair, taking in the scent of the demon. She knew that that was the scent
that drove her with an insane desire for the Pirate. The scent that led her
to her unforeseen fate.

   Nagi knew she wasn’t going to beat Tenchi. <Damn that boy...> She
thought. Then she smiled as she saw Ryoko lean back, face slightly tinted
pink and eyes shimmering with tears. <He better take good care of her...>
She said as she held her hand up to Ryoko’s cheek, thumbing away her tears.

   Ryoko leaned into Nagi’s palm, sniffling. Nagi looked up into the sky as
the sun shone bright as day, sparkling with a sudden glimmer. <The time has
come... I must fight... winner takes all... of Ryoko that is...>

                                 END PART 2

                                OR IS IT....?

----------------------------------------------------------------------MYOKO:
Ok, that was Part 2 of Chapter 4. I was trying to make it seem as if Nagi
wasn‘t really trying to think about the battle because she knows the
outcome. Heh and so do I!!! But at the same time confess about Kou which
didn‘t phase Ryoko.

RADICAL ED: Uh.... Ed confused?

MYOKO: I wasn’t trying to see if _you_ understood Ed.

RADICAL ED: Hehehehehehehe!!!

MYOKO: ANYWAY, I hope you all aren’t too flamed. Don’t hate... constipate!

RADICAL ED: Incarcerate? Huh? ED WANT IN ON PLAN!!

MYOKO: ED?

RADICAL ED: Yah!!

MYOKO: Why _are_ you still here? LEAVE NOW!!

RADICAL ED: NO!! ED LIKES MYO MYO!! ED WANNA BE FRIENDS TIL THE END!!

MYOKO: _Your_ end is near if you don’t leave....

RADICAL ED: HOT DOG BUN, NOT TOO YOUNG!!

MYOKO: OK!? More e-mail peeple! I need a certain number before I’ll write
the fighting part to this chapter!! I can’t write and send without knowing
peeple are actually enjoying this fic.

RADICAL ED: ALL YOU HAPPY PEOPLE BE NICE!! E-MAIL!! WAHOOOOO!!

MYOKO: Don’t force them, Ed. Just be nice.

RADICAL ED: WILL ALL YOU NICE HAPPY PEOPLE PLEASE E-MAIL, MYO!!!!

MYOKO: ..... You’re gonna scare ‘em, Ed...

RADICAL ED: OK, Ed going to raid your fridge then, Myo!

MYOKO: Yeah, whatever. Anyway, the real reason it took so long for this part
is because I didn’t get enough e-mails. BUT, some familiar peepz e-mailed me
and so I was like, ah screw it, I’ll just type it. So... WAIT? RAID MY
WHAT!? EDWARD HAU WANG PEPELU TIVERUSKY THE 4TH!?!

(Ed jumps up, cheeks full of food)

RADICAL ED: Mmmff ffmfmmm!!

MYOKO: Damn it! I just went to Publix this afternoon... I gotta blaze. Byez

=^.^= Meow Myo Myo                                              ^_______~
Radical Ed