No Need for a Picnic
By Around the Fur

    And here's the fifth part.  I've been getting a lot of feedback,most
good,and for all you MSTers out there,feel free to MST any of my works,I
love
it,personally,and I love to see all my mistakes and everything amplified.
And no,I'm not being sarcastic.  This is the obligatory Ayeka chapter,seeing
as she's been left out of the whole series,and I feel sorry for her.  All
the
characters herein belong to AIC and Pioneer,not me,got that?  Some lemon
scenes,so turn around if you're under 18.

The schoolgrounds of Tenchi's high school...

    "And so,on this day,I am proud to present the graduates of this school
year!" the principal said into the microphone.  The graduates,clad in black
graduatuion gowns,stepped forward onto the stage,lined up in rows.  Noboyuki
said in the audience,his camcorder held up.  Next to him sat the girls.
    "What's going on,Mr.Masaki?" Sasami asked.
    "This is Tenchi's high school graduation.  Basically what it means is he
doesn't have to go to school anymore,unless he goes to college." Noboyuki
answered.  Sasami was confused.
    "So why would he want to go to school more?"
    "To get a better education so he can make more money than if he didn't
go.  You must not have all of this on Jurai,huh?"
    "Back in my day,we didn't have much in the ways of education either,but
look at me now!" Katsuhito rang in from his seat in the row behind Sasami.
    "Grandfather didn't go to college,so why should Tenchi?" Sasami asked
again.
    "Because,to tell you the truth,I was kind of depending on Tenchi to
support us on his big fat salary!" Noboyuki exclaimed,tears in his eyes.
The
principal read from a list he held in his hand,
    "And next we have Tenchi Masaki,valedictorian of the whole school!"
Tenchi walked up and recieved his diploma.  Noboyuki turned his attention to
the stage and zoomed in on his son.  Tenchi smiled and shook the principal's
hand.
    "Speech!" some of Tenchi's friends rallied.  Tenchi laughed nervously.
    "I uh,really didn't have anything planned to say,but I guess I'll try.
I
got where I am now by studying hard and also with the support of my family."
Tenchi said,getsturing to Noboyuki and the rest.  everyone applauded and
Tenchi sat back down among the other graduates.
    "This concludes the awards ceremony.  Thank you all for coming,and
congradulations and good luck to our students."

Later,at the Masaki household...

    Tenchi was exausted.  He had finally graduated,and now he was ready for
a
nice break.  He went upstairs to his room to change.
    "Oh,hey Tenchi,what should I cook for dinner tonight?" Sasami said as
she
passed by him.
    "I dunno,maybe you should ask dad or something." Tenchi said,opening the
door to his room and walking in.
    "Okay!" Sasami said cheerfully as she bounded down the stairs.
Meanwhile,in Tenchi's room,he hung his graduation gown up in his closet and
slipped into a brown shirt and his work pants.  Ryoko floated up below him
and grasped him from behind.
    "How's my little Tenchi?" she said in a coy voice.
    "Hey Ryoko,I'm a little tired,so do you think I could maybe take a nap?"
    "Oh sure,I just wanted to congradulate you,now you can stay home!" Ryoko
exclaimed exitedly.
    "Well,only for a little while,I'll be looking for a good college soon."
Tenchi explained.  Ryoko's face turned sour.
    "Why do you insist on doing this?  If you go to college,you gotta
promise
to marry me so I won't have to leave you,got it?"
    "If I'm lucky,I may not have to move too far,although there's the
possibility that I may even have to move to a different country to go
somewhere good!" Tenchi laughed.
    "Please don't joke like that." Ryoko pleaded.
    "Sorry."
    "Think I'll go take a bath.  See ya,Tenchi!" Ryoko said before kissing
Tenchi and floating through the floor.

In the onsen...

    Ryoko phased out of her clothes and sank into the water,breathing a sigh
of relief.  Out of the corner of her eye,she saw Ayeka get in across from
her.  She ignored the princess and threw her head back,closing her eyes.
After a while,Ayeka broke the silence,
    "Say Ryoko,I never did get to ask you how the trip went." she said.
    "Well this is a change of pace,you're actually trying to make friendly
conversation with me!"
    "Fine,I won't try to be nice to you."
    "Sorry,princess.  I didn't say it was a bad thing,I'm just
surprised,that's all.  So you want to know about my trip with Tenchi?" Ryoko
asked,and Ayeka nodded her head,"Well,I hate to brag but,let's just say
Tenchi and I did some things you probably wouldn't approve of."  Ryoko
smiled
and Ayeka fumed.
    "You mean you and-and-and Tenchi...?!" Ayeka exclaimed,jumping up.
    "'Fucked'?"
    "Well I wouldn't say such a vulgar word,but yes,that's what I mean!"
    "Yes,yes we did,and don't blame me if you get angry,you're the one who
asked." Ryoko said smugly.  Ayeka simply sat back down and hung her head.
Ryoko continued with her bath,but soon heard a sort of drip-drip-dripping
sound.  She looked over to Ayeka,who was quietly sobbing.
    "Is something the matter?" Ryoko asked.  Ayeka looked up,and Ryoko could
see tears running down her cheeks,her face flushed.
    "I don't think you'd understand." she said softly.
    "Oh come on,I'm sure I would." Ryoko said,a bit insulted.
    "It's just that I really wanted to be Tenchi's first,but now that,like
so
many other things,has been taken away by you." Ayeka said warily,waiting for
Ryoko to attack in anger.  Instead,Ryoko floated over and wrapped an arm
around Ayeka.
    "Huh?  No offense,but this seems really unlike you,Ryoko." Ayeka said.
    "Well,I just thought I'd do you a favor,besides,Sasami says she wants us
to be friends,and although that sounds impossible,I'm trying my best."
    "Thanks," Ayeka said,drying her eyes,"but it still doesn't feel
right..."
    "I know,you would feel better with Tenchi,wouldn't you?  Well,I can't
promise anything,but I can get you a date with him,so how about it?" Ryoko
offered.
    "I don't know,I'm not like you,Ryoko.  I want to be with Tenchi just as
bad,but I don't want it to happen so fast,so maybe just a date would be a
good idea..."
    ""Alright,I'll get to work on it right now.  Think I'll go wake Tenchi
up." Ryoko said giggling to herself as she phased out.

In Tenchi's room...

    Tenchi sleepily opened his eyes and sat up,stretching as he did.  He
felt
a wetness on his crotch,and looked down at Ryoko,who was busy licking up and
down his now-erect shaft.
    "Uh,Ryoko?"
    "Yes?"
    "What exactly are you doing?"
    "Waking you up!" Ryoko said in a cheerful tone.
    "Oh,okay,didn't mean to interrupt you."
    "No problem." Ryoko said as she tickled the tip of Tenchi's head with
her
tongue.  Tenchi grunted a bit as he came,shooting a load in Ryoko's mouth.
Ryoko swallowed greedily,draining all she could out of Tenchi.  After
finding
that nothing else would come out,Ryoko sat up next to Tenchi.
    "I didn't come here just to wake you up,you know." Ryoko said.
    "Oh?"
    "Yeah,I came here to make a proposition.  Ayeka's been feeling left
out,so why not show her you love her by taking her out on a date?"
    "I dunno.  Wait,why are concerned about Ayeka?" Tenchi asked,confused.
    "Well,you remember when I told you that Sasami's been teaching me how to
cook?  Well,I promised to try to be nicer to Ayeka in exchange for that."
    "Wait,so you're saying you asked Sasami to teach you how to cook?  Why?"
    "Well,I'm not much of a chef,and I figured it would give me an edge
against Ayeka." Ryoko said,embarrassed.
    "Don't worry about stuff like that.  Anyway,what kind of date were you
thinking of?" Tenchi asked,changing the subject.
    "Well,I thought a picnic would be nice,and it wouldn't give her a chance
to put any moves on you,just a nice,ordinary picnic,eh?" Ryoko accentuated
with a few jabs to Tenchi's ribs.
    "Uh,I get it,but why?  Wouldn't that be being a little greedy?  I
mean,it's not that I want to sleep with her or anything..." Tenchi said
nervously.
    "I just don't like the idea of you sleeping with anyone else." Ryoko
said
sincerely.
    "Well how do you think *I* feel with you and Sasami?"
    "Guess you've got a point there.  I'll allow it,but only if she advances
first,and,knowing the princess,that won't happen any time soon." Ryoko
said,her smile splitting from ear to ear.
    "Uh,right..." Tenchi said nervously.  He had painted himself into a
corner,yet again.

Later that day...

    Sasami was sitting on the couch,watching her favorite t.v.
show,something
about capturing cards or something like that.  Washuu poked her head out of
her lab door.
    "Hey Sasami?  Can I see you for a second?" she asked.
    "Sure Washuu.  By the way,have you seen Ryo-ohki?  She hasn't been
around
for a while..."
    "Well,actually,that's kind of why I called you.  Come on in,and I'll
show
you." washuu motioned for sasami to follow her.  She stepped through the
interdimentional doorway adn into Washuu's lab.  Washuu led her to a low
altar,where ryo-ohki sat in her cabbit form.
    "There she is!" Sasami exclaimed,running up to the altar to embrace
Ryo-ohki in a lung-crushing hug,"I missed you!"
    "Sasami,if you wouldn't mind letting go of me..." Ryo-ohki said.
Sasami's face went blank,and she looked at who she was now hugging.  She
jumped back a few feet,shocked.
    "W-wh-who's that?" She asked.
    "This is Ryo-ohki's new form,hope you like it!" Washuu said,smiling a
warm smile.
    "Hey,Sasami." Ryo-ohki said.  Sasami noticed she was dressed in an odd
kimono that reminded her of Ryoko for some reason.
    "Wow,Miss Washuu,how did you do this?"
    "Well,first i contained Ryo-ohki in a biologically enhanced-"
    "Uh,never mind." Sasami said nervously.
    "C'mon Sasami,lets go play!" Ryo-ohki said,taking Sasami's hand and
guiding her to the exit.

Meanwhile,in the den...

    "So we can go tomorrow,sound good?" Tenchi asked.  Ayeka nodded,
    "It sounds perfect."  At that moment,Sasami and Ryo-ohki exited Washuu's
lab and entered the den.
    "Oh,hello Sasami.  Who's your friend?" Ayeka asked.
    "Well,you might say she's an old friend." Sasami said,hardly able to
conceal her laughter.
    "Yeah,you could even say I know all of you." Ryo-ohki said.  Washuu's
head popped out of the doorway again.
    "Oh,by the way,Ryo-ohki,remember to stay out of trouble." Washuu said
motherly.  Tenchi's eyes bugged out.
    "Th-that's Ryo-ohki?!" he exclaimed.
    "Yup,this is my new form,do you like it,Tenchi?" Ryo-ohki asked.
    "It looks good,but is it permanent?"
    "No,I can switch between forms anytime I like."
    "Alright.  By the way,Sasami,could you help me with something?" Tenchi
asked.
    "Sure,what do you need help with?"
    "Uh,I was wondering if we could talk about it in private."
    "Oh,sure.  Here,let's go in the kitchen." Sasami suggested as she
entered
the kitchen.  Tenchi followed,and all three sat down at the table.
    "I need your help packing a lunch for a picnic me and your sister are
going on tomorrow." Tenchi asked flat out.
    "Sure,when should I pack it?"
    "Tomorrow morning if you can."
    "Alright,well,me and Ryo-ohki are going to take a bath,you want to come
with us?" Sasami asked innocently.
    "Uh,no thanks,I already had a bath today." Tenchi declined.
    "Oh,alright,but your loss..." Ryo-ohki said teasingly.

In the onsen...

    Sasami and Ryo-ohki lay,soaking in the warm waters of the hot springs.
    "So Sasami,what do you think?" Ryo-ohki said,gesturing to herself.  She
was naked,and Sasami felt a little jealous upon seeing that Ryo-ohki was a
litle more endowed than her.
    "You know,no one else is around,so you can slip out of that towel.  It
feels so much better to bathe nude anyway."
    "Alright,it's just that I feel kind of embarrassed around Ryoko and
Ayeka
and especially Mihoshi..." Sasami trailed on as she slipped her towel off.
    "Well,don't worry,you'll fill out soon.  Until then,let's see what I can
do with what I have..." Ryo-ohki said,moving in front of Sasami.  She moved
down and ran her tongue over Sasami's nipples,resulting in moans of pleasure
from the young princess.  Ryo-ohki lifted Sasami out of the water and laid
her on the cool tiles covering the floor.  She locked in a kiss and let her
hands explore Sasami's body.  Breaking the kiss,she moved down Sasami's
body,planting kisses along the way until she got to Sasami's dripping wet
cunt.  She spread the princess's nether lips and stuck her tongue as far as
she could down Sasami's tunnel.  Sasami moaned and put her hands on the back
of Ryo-ohki's head,pushing her face against her crotch.  Ryo-ohki continued
darting her tongue in and out until Sasami let out a high-pitched scream and
came,spraying her juices on Ryo-ohki's face.  Ryo-ohki licked up all she
could and sat up next to Sasami.
    "Was that good?  To tell you the truth,that was the first time I've ever
done something like that."
    "Where'd you learn to do all that anway?" Sasami said,a little out of
breath.
    "Well,let's just say Ryoko could get a little busy during some lonely
nights out in space..."  Both girls laughed and got back in the water.  Far
above,Ryoko floated,a big smile on her face.  She flew away and eventually
phased out,reappearing in her room.  An object caught her eye,and she
remembered that she'd forgotten about Ayeka's "device".
    "Hope Ayeka didn't notice." Ryoko said,picking up the large dildo and
phasing into Ayeka and Sasami's room.  She floated over to Ayeka's chest of
drawers and opened up a random drawer,searching for the sock drawer.  She
placed it inbetween two rolls of socks at the bottom of the drawer,closed
it,and phased back to her room.  She laid down on her bed and looked up at
her ceiling.
    *I hope I did the right thing,just giving Tenchi to Ayeka like that.
Nothing will happen,I'm sure,but Tenchi'll get more attached to Ayeka,which
means I might have a harder time getting some time alone with him...* Ryoko
thought,*But then again,it's Ayeka.  She'll probably have to go back to
Jurai
sometime soon anyway,and then I'll have Tenchi all to myself.*  Ryoko smiled
again,and thought about a possible future,in which she and Tenchi were
watching Ayeka fly away in a Juraian ship.  She closed her eyes and fell
asleep,dreaming of herself and Tenchi.

Hours later...

    Ryoko woke up with a start,and looked out of her window.  It was still
dark.  Ryoko decided she must've fallen asleep and missed dinner.  She
phased
down into the kitchen for a midnight snack,but a glowing object out by the
tree,Funaho,caught her eye.  Not knowing what it was,Ryoko phased out by the
tree,and saw Tsunami,sitting by the tree.  Ryoko took a seat by the goddess.
    "Hey,Ryoko." she said,sounding a bit melancholy.
    "Hey Tsunami,what're you doing here?" Ryoko asked curiously.
    "Oh,just thought I'd come out for a while and look at the stars."
    "You sound sad,is there something wrong?"
    "Oh,it's nothing,really."
    "Oh c'mon,you can tell me,can't you?" Ryoko asked trustingly.
    "Oh alright.  Ryoko,will you still love me when I take over Sasami?"
Tsunami asked.  Ryoko looked a little shocked.
    "Of course!  I'd love you no matter if you changed into 100 different
people!  Of course,I'd still love Tenchi..."
    "As would I,but still.  I hope it won't end in a contest to see who'll
get Tenchi..."
    "Me,too.  Poor Tenchi,and he doesn't know a thing about what's going
on!"
Ryoko exclaimed.
    "Of course,there is one simple solution." Tsunami said.
    "Huh?  How's that?"
    "Well,if Tenchi were to become emperor of Jurai,then he would have his
choice of any number of wives." Tsunami explained.
    "Ah,I see,but that'd still be a problem.  How would he figure out when
to
sleep with who?" Ryoko asked.
    "Honestly,is that all you think about?" Tsunami said.  Both girls shared
a laugh.
    "Well,I think I'll be going to bed now." Ryoko sad as she got up.
    "See you soon." Tsunami said before disappearing.  Ryoko floated up and
phased back into her room.  She floated over to her bed,and found Sasami
laying in it.
    "Another bad dream?" Ryoko asked flatly.  Sasami nodded.
    "I'm sorry,but I can't help it,I think something's going to happen..."
Sasami said,sounding a little worried.
    "Don't worry,if something *does* happen,me and Tenchi'll take care of
it.
 Now let's get some sleep,alright?" Ryoko said as she jumped into bed.

The next day...

    Tenchi carried a picnic basket with him as Ayeka followed him into a
grassy meadow.  Ayeka set down a blanket and Tenchi set the basket down.
    "Thanks for bringing me out here,Tenchi." Ayeka said as she sat down.
    "Oh it's no problem.  To tell you the truth,this was actually Ryoko's
idea..."
    "Really?  She seems different now.  Ryoko's not the kind of person to
just change for no reason.  Something must be happening,you wouldn't know
anything about this,would you Tenchi?"
    "Uh,o-of course not!" Tenchi said,laughing nervously.  He of course knew
that it was being with him and Sasami that had changed Ryoko,but he didn't
know how to tell Ayeka that she'd been sleeping with both him and her little
sister.  Ayeka set some plates down on the blanket and Tenchi unfolded some
napkins.  Soon,lunch was gone,and Ayeka and Tenchi lay next to each other on
a small hill.
    "Tenchi,if Ryoko hadn't planned this,would you have taken me on this
picnic?" Ayeka asked.
    "Uh,sure,I guess,although I really wouldn't know or not if you'd want me
to do something like this.  The important thing is that we're here right
now."
    "Yes,I guess so..."
    "Is something the matter?  You seem kinda sad." Tenchi said,obviously
conserned.
    "Well,now that you mention it,there is something that's been bothering
me.  Ryoko told me about what you two did on your little trip,and I was
wondering if maybe you could uh," Ayeka stuttered,"Um,maybe do the same with
me?"  Ayeka blushed.
    "I-I,uh,that is,uh..." Tenchi stammered,"I dunno.  I guess I could,but I
really don't appreciate being used by you and Ryoko like this..."
    "Don't think of it as 'using' so much as 'doing a favor'." Ayeka said.
    "So uh,what made you want to do this anyway?"
    "Well,to tell you teh truth I'm kind of ealous of Ryoko for being with
you first,but that doesn't mean she's sohown you everything yet..." Ayeka
said with a devilish smile that rivaled Ryoko's.

And that about wraps up part five.  I'll be taking a short leave to work on
some original stuff,so drop me a line if you want to know about it.  And
sorry for leaving on such a cliffhanger,it'll just add to the suspense ^__^