"No Need for an Education."
Chapter 1

It was a complete normal morning in the Masaki household. There were
explosions. Spaceships falling out of the sky. There were screams yells and
explosions. Like I said absolutely normal for the Masaki household.

The only thng out of normal was that Ryoko wasn't exploding things or flying

around Tenchi. In fact, no one in the Masaki household knew where Ryoko was.

That was were the yelling was coming from.

It began when Tenchi got up, took a bath, and ate breakfast without so much
as a grope from Ryoko. He was worried so went to her room to see if she was
alright. Ryoko wasn't in her room, nor was she in the house for that matter.

When Tenchi roused the house only he and Sasami wanted to find Ryoko. Washuu

wouldn't tell Tenchi were Ryoko went so he was forced to search the house.
Ayeka was arguing with Tenchi about why he should be worried about Ryoko
gone.

"Come now, Lord Tenchi." cried Ayeka in a haughty voice, "Why would you be
worried about the whore! Her being gone is what we wanted isn't it?" she
asked her eyes pleading him to be saying yes.

"No! No, Ayeka. That was what you wanted." Tenchi said in a disappointed
voice."I wanted her not to be so rough with me and not to toss me around.
AND
DON'T YOU CALL HER A WHORE EITHER!"

That was basically how the arguement went and at 7:30 when Tenchi had to
leave he did so reluctantly and very hugry because he didn't eat anything.
***
All the bus ride to school he was worried about Ryoko and where she had
gotten too. When he got to school he barely made even though he was running
the whole time.

When he sat down in class, his teacher spoke cleared his throat and spoke to

the class. "Today we have a new student. She is from a different country so
some of this may seem new to her. Please be patient with her? Now I am proud

to introduce you to ...
Ryoko Hakubi!"

And as you probably already guessed Ryoko walked into the room. The boy's
mouth dropped to the ground and most started drooling. The girls huffed and
stared down at Ryoko as though she were nothing but a piece of dung on their

shoes.

Tenchi could see why the boys were drooling. Ryoko had on a black business
like suit/dress. It reached about mid-thigh. Her jacket was buttoned to the
top, leaving every boy and even Tenchi, although he had seen it hundreds of
times, wondering what she looked like it without it. She had on middle sized

glasses and just a little blush. Her spiky cyan hair was brushed into a soft

silky length of hair and braid with small strings of blue or red in the
braid.

Tenchi and several other boys were getting nose-bleeds just from looking at
her. She didn't smile nor did she frown. She only stood at the front of the
class, bowed, said "Ohaiyo Gozaimasu" never once did she look in Tenchi's
direction or even look at him. She seemed to be in a world all her own. She
never looked at one student, yet she wasn't looking at the ceiling or floor
but right at the class.

The teacher was practically ready to spurt in his pants and he was sweating
quite profusely, but instead he said to Ryoko "Why don't yoy sit down in the

empty seat next to Tenchi." and then as if she needed directions he said
"Tenchi raise your hand." Tenchi did so.

Ryoko looked at Tenchi for a millisecond and walked to the desk to his left.

Her eyes never deviated from her route. Ryoko walk away from the teacher
ignoring his sweating.

Tenchi all through the morning classes he was forced to endure sitting next
to Ryoko when he wanted so much to touch her, hug her, and demand why she
was
here. But he couldn't move. He was rooted to the chair. And Ryoko. His body
would not move a millemeter.

When lunch roled around Tenchi was so hungry he felt like eating some of
Mihoshi's cooking. Too late he realized that he had forgotten his lunch too!

He just strolled around the courtyard. Watching the fresh cherry blossoms
and
trying to ignore his hunger.

About ten minutes later he saw Ryoko sitting on a bench with her oversized
lunch bag next to her and Ryoko was typing away furiously at a computer,
that
looked remarkable like Washuu's, in her lap. Tenchi wondered if that was one

of Washuu's computers. He peered at it closely and noticed it was a Gateway
laptop from America. Yes, it was definitely one of Washuu's.

"Tenchi." spoke up Ryoko. It had been the first time she had said a word
besides Ohaiyo Gozaimasu. "Have my lunch sense you didn't bring your own."
Her eyes again never left the computer, neither did she stop typing on her
laptop.

"Nah," Tenchi said, "You have it I'm not hungry." As if in response to his
thoughts his stomach made a primal sound. Ryoko for the first time that day
stopped typing and looked at Tenchi. "Eat." she said and went back to
typing.

Tenchi sat down next to her and looked at what she was working. It went by
too fast for Tenchi but the parts he saw said he would understand it if it
went at Super-slow. Finally after several minutes of silence he finally said

"So what happened to you this morning?" Stupid! thought Tenchi Where did
that
come from?

But instead of being angry Ryoko stopped typing began putting it away. "I
was
registering at the school office." Ryoko said as she stood up and walked to
back to the school when the bell rang. Strange thought Tenchi. He didn't
think of Ryoko as the 'sit down and listen up' kind of person.

The afternoon passed in the same way the morning had and soon Tenchi was
walking toward the bus. When he got on he noticed that it was empty except
for a certain alien. Tenchi chuckled and sat next to Ryoko who was typing
furiously again on the laptop.

"Did anyone ever tell you look as pretty as your mother when you work?" Too
late Tenchi realized that he had referred to Washuu as Ryoko's mother. He
got
ready for a great big yell or punch that would symbolize the old Ryoko was
back.

But instead she simply responded with a simply "No." The rest of the trip
was
spent in silence. When the bus stopped at the path leading to the Masaki
house, Tenchi got up and moved out of the way for Ryoko.

They also said nothing as they walked down the path. Until "So how did your
first day at school go?" asked Tenchi desperate to make conversation.

"It was okay, I had always thought it would be more action packed." said
Ryoko undoing the braid of her silky hair. "You know, things that wouldn't
make you taking my lunch the high-point of the day." she said with a smile
and a little more of her old energy.

"So when were you going to tell me about your going to my school?" Tenchi
asked in that tone of voice and the frown that demanded answers.

"Well, #1 I didn't think that was your school. #2 Since when did you care
about what happens to me? #3 I thought Mother would have told you. And
finally #4 I didn't feel like it." answered Ryoko with a smirk on her face.

"Hey, I care!" Tenchi nearly screamed at her. Ryoko just replied with a
small
bitter laugh.

"Go ahead, ask me if I care!" Tenchi said his blood pressure going up and
his
testosterone stirring.

"Do you care?" asked Ryoko in a voice that said she knew the answer.

Suddenly, as if he had planned it all along he reached for her arm and
turned
her around. With a surprised look on her face, she found Tenchi's lips on
hers. He broke the kiss and said "Yes."

It was so surprising! It wasn't so much as the fact they were kissing but
that she was kissing him and he was kissing her back!

Ryoko became even more surprised when his tongue gently nodged its way into
her mouth. When it was actually in her mouth she playfully pared with it.
Grazing it with her own and sometimes tackling it. She enjoyed it almost as
much as he did.

Then almost as suddenly as it happened it ended with Ayeka suddenly
appearing
and prying Tenchi's tongue out of Ryoko's mouth.

"How DARE you kiss Lord Tenchi" The fact that Tenchi was French-ing Ryoko
didn't seem to sink in yet. "Why would you want to polute poor Tenchi with
your filth." Tenchi cast Ryoko a glance and she understood immediately, they

would continue this later.

With a small smile to Tenchi Ryoko teleported to the house leaving Tenchi to

be fused over by Ayeka. She difted to her bed and remembered what it felt to

have Tenchi kiss her! She couldn't wait until tomorrow!

The End(for now)

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo in any way shape or form(alas!). That
honor belongs to some fortunate others. I am only using the characters and
personalities for a time.
