The long awaited conclusion to the last part of chapter 4. What will Tenchi
do? Kill Nagi or let her live? No Lemon in this part. No characters belong
to me. Don’t blow your head off yet when you find out what happens. This
isn’t over yet...

No Need for a Love to Call My Own

Chapter 4 - Part 4 - Final Part

Deceptive Annihilation

By: Neko Myo Myo-Chan

BATTLE FIELD...

    Tenchi gripped his sword and brought it down! Ryoko and Nagi closed
their eyes as Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki did the same. Tenchi’s mind snapped for
a spit-second. Then, just as Tenchi was about to strike, something somewhere
deep in his mind clicked and what his grandfather said to him all came back,
precisely as he had foretold him in advance.

    Visions of his destiny became clear, the right thing to do was at his
fingertips, and Ayeka was the one for him, not Ryoko. *NO! I won’t believe
it! I can’t!* He shook his head from side to side, trying to shake off what
the dream was trying to say. Tenchi closed his eyes and began glowing. Ayeka
and Sasami gasped quietly.

    Nagi and Ryoko stared at him in trepidation, watching as he fought what
they thought was some uncanny force. Ryoko decided since he was pre-occupied
that this was a good time to help Nagi to her feet. Nagi grunted slightly as
she came to her feet, Ryoko aiding her the whole time. Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki
hopped off, sitting side by side, watching Tenchi. His eyes were shut tight,
fists white, and sweat came down in beads.

    “I WON’T BELIEVE YOU!”

    Tenchi shouted as he gripped his sword tighter. Nagi and Ryoko jumped as
did everyone who had held their breath. Tenchi was now glowing brighter than
before. Ayeka and Sasami both knew he was reaching his max as the markings
on his forehead carried an intense flash of ashen. He brought his gaze that
met Nagi’s and his mind trailed back to his task at hand. Tenchi held his
sword up and charged.

    “DIE!!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!”

    Tenchi lunged forward, gashing his sword into Nagi’s stomach. The power
from the stab threw Ryoko back a few feet and into a tree. Sasami screamed
in terror as Washu’s face contorted into a look of shear horror and dread.
Ayeka’s face went white as Mihoshi screeched at the power of the sword and
how easily it penetrated Nagi’s soft stomach. Ryoko got to her feet and her
eyes shot wide at the sight before her soft hazel eyes.

    Nagi stood, sword still lunged in her gut as Tenchi remained holding her
up with the sword still present inside her. Her eyes were shut tight, trying
desperately to fight the agonizing pain she felt deep in her lower torso.
Blood seeped out the corners of her mouth and she felt weat at her knees and
arms, losing sensations quickly.

    Death was near as Nagi felt her self drifting away, being taken by
something to a far away place. Her life began flashing before her of all the
years she‘d wasted just to run into this boy. The only boy to ever finally
put her roaming soul to rest. Tenchi’s expression never changed. His eyes
were now cold and filled with hatred as his mouth was twisted in a look of
exhilaration as he quickly removed the sword with a revolting sound.

    Nagi fell limp to the ground, blood pooling around her. Ken-Ohki hissed
fiercely along with Ryo-Ohki as Ryoko stood shocked and outraged. *He... he
killed her... that... that bastard!* Ryoko’s eyes grew red as she charged
for Tenchi with only one thought in her mind: To eliminate Tenchi at all
costs for taking the one she loved.

    Washu snapped out of it but was unable to connect with Ryoko. Sasami had
fallen to the ground with Mihoshi who was holding her sobbing form. Ayeka
eyes fluttered as tears slid down her cheeks, unable to speak from the
devastation. Nobyuki was standing next to Katsuhito as they watched Ryoko’s
enraged form fly towards Tenchi. Swords clashed and hearts raced as the
battle had not yet begun between the two.

    “HOW COULD YOU, YOU BASTARD!!”

    “It was for your own good, Ryoko!”

    “I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU,TENCHI! DO YOU HEAR ME?! NEVER!?”

    Ryoko and Tenchi engaged in a duel as she lashed continuously, trying to
rid herself of Tenchi. As the battle commenced, Washu began attempting to
get close to Nagi’s form but was unable due to the clashing of swords and
the hostile responses of the attacks.

    Ayeka yelled out as the ground beneath her began to tremble. Mihoshi,
Sasami, Nobyuki and Katsuhito all stood and watched the earth crack and
split. Washu knew that the recoils of the battle between Ryoko and Tenchi
was causing the ground to respond in such a violent way. Washu called to
Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki as the creatures refused to move. Ken-Ohki sat close
to Nagi’s form not planning to move anytime soon and Ryo-Ohki sat right
beside him.

    Washu had no choice but to retreat everyone before they would fall into
the layers of the earth. Ryoko and Tenchi continued to duke it out as the
electric shocks and volts flashing here and there came into contact with
trees, splitting them in half. Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki combined all their
might and managed to drag Nagi’s limp body near a thick solid tree a few
feet away from battle. Ken-Ohki hopped to Nagi’s face and began licking it
in hopes she’ll respond and begin screaming at him like she always did.

    To his dismay, she didn’t respond. Ryo-Ohki hopped up next to him as he
prolonged significantly to wake his ‘sleeping’ master. Ken-Ohki continued
until he fell onto Nagi’s neck and meowed along with Ryo-Ohki at the loss of
his master.

THE LAB...

   “Washu, what are we going to do!? Nagi’s dead, Tenchi and Ryoko are
fighting!? What’s going to happen now huh!? Tell me!?”

   “AYEKA! Please, let me try and figure out what to do! I'm trying to
figure things out just don't rush me!?”

   Ayeka sat next to her sister as the young girl cried, leaning onto her
elder sister for comfort who wrapped an arm around her. Mihoshi sat
powerless to control her tears as they fell freely down her face. Nobyuki
sat wiping his head with the back of his arm and Katsuhito stood,
contemplating what had happened. He sighed in frustration. *Why, Tenchi?* He
thought over and over.

BACK NEAR THE TREE...

    Ken-Ohki had fallen asleep along with Ryo-Ohki next to his 'sleeping'
master. They both yawned and noted that the fight had gotten much worse as
Ryoko was covered in blood but still capable of fighting. Tenchi wasn't
covered at all despite how hard Ryoko was trying. Ken-Ohki heard
Ryo-Ohki meow out in shock as he turned in time to find what startled
Ryo-Ohki...

END!

4 NOW

MYO: This marks the end of chapter 4. Now, chapter 5. What did Ryo-Ohki see?
Hmm... most of you could prolly guess... But to find out, please e-mail me
any comments if any. And I‘ll begin to post Chap 5. I‘m looking for 10
reviews. At least, please! Right, Ed! Ed?

RADICAL ED: *Sleeping on the couch* -_________________- ZzZzZzZ

MYO: *Sighs* =~.~=’