Pioneer and Squaresoft belong to their respectful owners. Chapter 5 of No 
Need for a Love to Call My Own finally. Happy? Probably. What DID Ryo-Ohki 
see? And will Ryoko kick Tenchi's ass?

[] Tenchi's thoughts
<> Ryo's thoughts

No Need for a Love to Call My Own

Chapter 5

Two Hearts; One Mind

BATTLE FIELD...

	The battle had been going on for quite sometime as Tenchi showed no signs 
of blood, bruise, nor scratch. But Ryoko was nearly torn to pieces from the 
heated match. Her hair was plastered to her forehead, her breathing was 
ragged, her clothes had seen better days and she was covered in fresh blood 
and caked in dried.

	There was no way she'd last another round and Tenchi knew this. One 
powerful strike and she would fall unconscious from the attack. Tenchi 
contemplated this matter again and again, timing it, making sure when was 
the right moment. This may be the only way to stop her rein of terror upon 
his uninjured form. He wouldn't use his sword for fear of killing her.

	Ryoko stood, holding her beam sword as she glowered at Tenchi who in turn 
got into position. They gave each other the Death Stare, glaring at one 
another until one made a move. <I... won't... let... him... beat me...> A 
tired Ryoko thought as she growled, fangs being shown in the process. Tenchi 
stared at her through his brown eyes, sweat beading down his brow. [Rrr.. 
why can't she see?! She needs to give up!?] Just then Ryoko shouted at him 
with fury and revulsion in her voice.

	"I WILL DO AWAY WITH YOU, TENCHI! I WILL NEVER GIVE UP YOU HEAR ME!?!"

	"RYOKO! STOP THIS BEFORE YOU GET HURT!? THIS IS MADNESS!? LOOK AT YOU!? 
YOU`RE COVERED HEAD TO TOE IN BLOOD!? YOU-"

	"BE QUIET!?! IT'S TOO FUCKING LATE, TENCHI?! I WON'T LET YOU GET AWAY WITH 
TAKING NAGI'S LIFE!!"

	"RYOKO LISTEN TO ME-"

	"SHUT UP AND FIGHT ME!?! NYAHHHHHHHHH!!!"

	*SHOOM!*

	Sparks flew as a worn out Ryoko charged yet again at a subtle Tenchi. Ryoko 
was battered and bruised enough, but still she fights with high spirits in 
hopes of avenging her lover. Ryoko lashed her sword nonstop, struggling to 
defeat him as Tenchi easily side stepped the beam sword, pissing her off 
even more. [NOW TENCHI!!] She growled and tried again only to feel his fist 
bury itself within the contours of her front, powerfully sending her flying 
backwards through a series of solid Oak trees, splintering her 
already-bad-enough black-and-blue and assaulted back raw.

	*WHAM! WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!*

	"(Gasp) Uh... (Gasp) f-fuck... (Gasp) s-shit... (Gasp)..."

	Ryoko opened her mouth to speak as nothing but tears answered, sliding down 
her flushed face filled with pain and anguish. Her mouth was dry as she felt 
blackness surrounding her, eyes went on unblinking as the pain shot through 
her body like a blade through an insane hellhole. Ryoko clawed at her 
painful stomach as she lie curled up on the ground, gasping for breath, 
tearing at the ends of survival, desperate to hang on. She shut her eyes 
tight to exclude the pain but her back swelled, burning in excruciating pain 
from flying through those trees and her stomach churned unbearably within 
her inflamed essence.

	"Ryoko? Ryoko, darling wake up."

	"Huh? Wha.. N-Nagi?"

	"Yes, Ryoko?"

	"Nagi, I... I thought he... killed you?"

	"No, I've always been here for you, my love."

	"Please don't leave me again."

	"I won't, Ryoko. I will be with you until the end of time."

	"Promise?"

	"Promise."

	"I... I love.... you... Nagi."

	She spoke in a soft slurred speech as her vision began to impair to the 
slightest. A smile lingered upon her perfect lips as she lie, wheezing 
heavily, being unable to hold on as the pain shot through her body 
continuously like needles with charred tips, coursing throughout her 
backside. She couldn't bear it as she closed her eyes, opening them only to 
reveal the one she loved, standing but a few feet away. The vision 
disappeared as Ryoko smiled weakly. She took her last breath as the life had 
faded from Ryoko's eyes as she will no longer feel the pain in her body.

	Tenchi sought his way through the thicket of trees as he saw Ryoko's form 
as she lie unmoving. He gasped and dropped his sword as it fell to the 
ground, stirring up dust.

	"NO! WHAT... WHAT HAVE I DONE!?!"

	Tenchi slid to her side as he held her still body in his arms, frantically 
trying to bring her back which to his avail, was no use.

	"NO... NO... RYOKO!? I... I DIDN`T MEAN FOR THIS TO HAPPEN!?"

	Tenchi continued to hold her silent corpse as tears fell from his face in a 
hysterical manner to bring Ryoko back. [NO!? NO!!! RYOKO PLEASE!! I'M SO 
SORRY! I KNEW SOMETHING LIKE THIS WOULD HAPPEN!?!] Tenchi's thoughts blazed 
through his mind as he was unable to even think straight at that very 
moment.

	"WHY?! WHY DIDN'T YOU LISTEN TO ME, RYOKO?!"


BEHIND THE TREES...

	Ryo-Ohki was horrified, glued to the spot as she gazed in the direction 
where Nagi had been. Ken-Ohki chowed in outrage as Nagi's body was being 
taken away! The figure carefully took hold of her body and left silently, 
dashing through the forest. Ken-Ohki hissed as Ryo-Ohki sensed another 
plague of fear. She couldn't feel Ryoko anywhere. Her presence couldn't be 
sensed. Ryo-Ohki rapidly bounded off in alarm in the opposite direction in 
search of her master as Ken-Ohki high tailed it after the outsider that had 
abducted his master's corpse, not knowing Ryo-Ohki had left in the opposite 
direction.

WASHU'S LABORATORY...

	*THWACK!*

	"WHAT WERE YOU THINKING, TENCHI!?!"

	"I`m... sorry-"

	"SORRY ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH!? SORRY WON'T BRING NAGI OR RYOKO BACK WILL IT!? 
ANSWER ME!?"

	"N-no... no it won't-"

	"YOU KNEW THEY WEREN'T AS STRONG AS YOU!? BUT YOU STILL WENT AFTER THEM! 
WHAT IS THAT!? TELL ME!"

	"Greed, hate, and envy-"

	"WHY?! AYEKA IS THE ONE YOU LOVE ISN'T SHE, TENCHI?!"

	"Y-yes, but Ryoko didn`t list-"

	"BUT NOTHING!? AHH!"

	*FWHAM!*

	Washu bashed her fists onto the cold examination table that held Ryoko's 
body. Washu ordered that everyone get out and stay out until further notice. 
Slowly everyone moved out as a frustrated Washu walked next to her 
daughter's body. Bringing her back would be a challenge as Washu began to 
gather various liquids and concoctions, placing them in order by strength 
and power to heal.

	Tears began making their way down Washu's face. She placed her back up 
against the drawers and slid down into a fetal sitting position. Washu's 
green eyes welled as she began to cry, her ideal lips; trembling as she her 
head hung low, shaking it from side to side, realizing that all of the 
previous events could have been ignored much less prevented.

	Ryo-Ohki made her way through, slowly moving up to Washu and meowing 
quietly, gaining the attention of the despondent genius. She looked over at 
the silent animal, scooping up the small creature, holding her close as 
Ryo-Ohki looked up from Washu's embrace and saw Ryoko lying on the table.

	Instantly she struggled, wriggling free of Washu's grip. Her furry face was 
filled with mystery as she looked over Ryoko's cadaver in confusion. 
Ryo-Ohki sat near Ryoko's head and leaned on it, closing her hazel eyes. 
Washu wiped her eyes as she watched Ryo-Ohki's actions in wonderment. She 
stood nearby, gathering the right elements that would bring her daughter 
back. Not only for her, but for Ryo-Ohki as well.

DOWNTOWN SKIRTS...

	Ken-Ohki had followed the large space craft through the rough terrains of 
space and landed somewhere where he knew he had been before but just 
couldn`t place it. Ken-Ohki minimized, landing near the outskirts of town. 
He slowly edged his way past the fast streets as people never bothered to 
watch their step. Ken-Ohki caught sight of the culprit running through the 
crowd, holding his master`s body.

	Ken-Ohki's eyes filled with anger as he chased him, bounding through the 
wall of pedestrians. Splashing through the puddles, crashing into trash 
cans, the man continued to race down streets, careful not to run into cars. 
The man took a detour through an alley as did Ken-Ohki. Ken-Ohki bounded as 
fast as his hind legs could.

	Ken-Ohki reached the end of the alley way and stopped suddenly as he was 
faced with... nothing. The man had been successful in losing the creature. 
Ken-Ohki slumped on the curb, watching cars go by, as he thought about his 
master in the arms of the criminal who took her. He heard someone walking up 
to him. He had no reason to defend himself for he had no one to defend. 
Ken-Ohki was lifted into the air by a man whom he didn't recognize but 
didn't seem to care.

	"Hey now, whatcha doin all alone out here little dude?"

	"..."

	"Hmm, what are you? Oh well, maybe the guys will think you're pretty cool. 
Let's head back, little dude. I think I'll call you that. Little Dude. You 
like that?"

	"..."

	"Oh, my names Sion Barzahd by the way. I work at a bar called FATE."

	Ken-Ohki's ears enlivened when he heard the name, slowly stirring in the 
guy`s arms.

	"But right now, I'm heading to a secret location where a friend of mine 
works undercover. Kou called me earlier from another planet and said 
something about finding someone somewhere."

	Ken-Ohki's ears perked up once more at that name. He knew that man. That 
was the man that his master had claimed. Ken-Ohki thought for a moment. That 
was the man who took her.

	"He's got a friend of his who helped him out. Leann Caldwell? Yeah, well 
come on Little Dude, let's see what Kou found."

	"CHOW!!"

	"Whoa! So the Little Dude has a voice after all!"

	"CHOW!!"

	"Well, let's go and find out what Kou's brought for us, ne Little Dude?"

	"CHOWWWW!"

END IT!
FOR NOW...

NEKO: Ok, yeah so there's chapter 5. What's Kou up to with Nagi's corpse? 
And Washu with Ryoko's? By the way, if you've played The Bouncer, you know 
Kou is not only a bouncer but he works for another secret org. Please send 
any comments as I will continue writing this fic from the number of comments 
and/or requests I recieve. Anyway, hope you guys liked this chappy. Onto 
chapter 6! COME ON, ED! LET'S GO!

ED: WEEEEEEE!!! *Marches alongside Neko down the road*

=^.~=
o^_____^o