No Need for A Vacation
By Around the Fur

    Here's part three of my little series,in case some of you fans,and by
some I mean all 5 of you,have been keeping score.  Lemon scenes,so turn your
ass around if you're under 18,got it?  All the characters belong to AIC and
Pioneer and not me.  Oh,and for those who don't know,it's a common fact that
Ryoko can't produce,as common as the fact that Washuu is a goddess.

The Masaki Household...

    Morning broke out across the Masaki Shrine area.  Ryoko woke up and
tried
to get out of bed before realizing that Sasami was safely clinging to her.
    "Heh,guess I forgot." Ryoko said to herself as she carefully lifted
Sasami up,got out of bed,and gently put Sasami back down,who continued
snoring lightly.
    "I'll miss you,Sasami,but it'll only be for a few days." she said as she
knelt down and kissed the princess on the cheek.  She phased down through
the
walls and into Tenchi's room,where he was still sleeping soundly.
    "Time to wake you up." the space pirate said,floating onto the bed and
phasing through the covers.  She got on all fours so that locks of her hair
fell on Tenchi's face,tickling him.  He scrunched his face,and slowly opened
his eyes.
    "Huh?  Ryoko,what're you doing here?  What time is it?" he
asked,suddenly
realizing that she was naked.  His eyes bugged and Ryoko tried to hush him.
    "Today's the day we leave,remember?  And it's about 5:00 a.m." she said
as she fell onto Tenchi,her head resting against his neck,"You didn't
forget,did you?"
    "Oh,uh,of course not.  Could you give me some time to pack?  I
kinda,uh,forgot to last night." Tenchi said.
    "Sure thing.  I'll meet you downstairs,alright?" Ryoko said as she
phased
through the floor and into the kitchen.  Not wanting to wake Sasami up,she
fixed some instant ramen and sat down at the table.  After breakfast,she sat
down on the couch and waited,now wearing her blue and green-striped dress.
Tenchi came down stairs a few minutes later,carrying a small suitcase.
    "Hey Ryoko,how come I never saw you pack anything?" he asked.
    "Who says I'm gonna wear anything during our trip?" Ryoko said
innocently.  Tenchi gulped.
    "Uh,are you sure about that?"
    "I'm just kidding.  You need to learn to take a joke." Ryoko said as she
floated up and hugged Tenchi.
    "Did we have to get up *this* early though?"
    "Well,I guess not,but hey,early to bed early to make you rise..."  Ryoko
accentuated this with a hand on Tenchi's crotch.
    "Hey,you promised you wouldn't!" Tenchi steamed.
    "Oh come on,Tenchi!  You'll love it,I promise."  Tenchi shook his head.
    "Where's Ryo-ohki anyway?" he said,changing the subject.
    "Oh she's outside,waiting for us,so let's go already!" Ryoo took his
hand
and flew out the door,literally.  She signaled Ryo-ohki to change into her
ship form,which she did.  She held onto Tenchi tightly as she beamed Tenchi
and herself aboard.  Once aboard,she took a seat at the controls and
commanded Ryo-ohki to blast off.
    "Hey Ryoko,does everyone know we left?" Tenchi asked as they reached the
outside of the earth's atmosphere.
    "Don't worry,I told Sasami,and she said she'd tell everyone so they
wouldn't worry about us."
    "Oh,well,I sure hope Ayeka doesn't have a problem with this..."
    "Stop worrying about her and relax!  The whole point of this trip was to
ease you up a little.  I worry about you,Tenchi.  You've seen tense as of
late..."
    "Well,I guess I have,but I've been preparing for entrance exams so I can
get into a good college..."
    "Again with this 'school' thing?  Is this really so important that you'd
miss out on a little time with me?"
    "Well,uh,like I said before,I want to go to college so I can get a good
job..."
    "Which reminds me,did you really mean that yesterday?  Please say
'yes'."
Ryoko pleaded.
    "I haven't even thought about marrying yet.  These things take
time,Ryoko.  You'll just have to be patient."  Ryoko pouted.  An idea popped
into her head.  A nice bath might loosen Tenchi up,and then maybe she could
make him change his mind...  But where would she get a bath?  Ryoko
remembered where she was and swore at herself for forgetting that Ryo-ohki
had been outfitted with a matter modifier by Washuu a few days prior.  She
grabbed a floating crystal,hoping it was the right one.  It was easily
identified by being the same color of Washuu's hair.  Ryoko messed around
with it until a giant hot tub popped up next to Tenchi.
    "What the?!" he screamed,jumping away.
    "I had Washuu outfit Ryo-ohki with a matter modifier a while ago for an
occasion like this.  Now I can take my morning bath!" Ryoko happily
exclaimed
as she flew towards the bath,shedding her clothes as she did,"C'mon
Tenchi,why don't you join me?"
    "I dunno.."
    "Oh come on,nobody's around to catch us this time!" Ryoko said,getting
out of the bath and hugging Tenchi.
    "What do you mean,'this time'?" Tenchi asked nervously.
    "You remember the first time we were in the bath and Ayeka interrupted
us?  I was hoping to go a little further than giving you a nosebleed..."
Ryoko shot tenchi a devilish smile,her cat-like fangs showing.
    "Now Ryoko,I told you,I don't think I'm ready for that either," Tenchi
said with a heavy sigh,"but I guess a bath wouldn't hurt."
    "Yay!" Ryoko said happily and again hugged Tenchi.  Tenchi slipped out
of
his pajamas,seeing as he hadn't had time to change into anything else when
he
woke up,and into a towel.  He sunk down into the water,and was joined by
Ryoko at his side.
    "Tenchi,do you know why I did all this?" Ryoko asked,her voice sincere
and serious.
    "Uh,no.  Why?"
    "Because I love you,Tenchi.  I love you more than anything else in this
world,and I would do anything to make sure that no one lays a hand on you."
    "I didn't realize you felt that way,Ryoko,but why didn't you act this
way
when we were taking care of Sasami last week?" Tenchi asked,a bit confused.
    "Maternal instinct I guess."
    "You're probably right.  You'd make a great mom,I'm sure..." Tenchi
said,not noticing the tears streaming down Ryoko's cheeks.  He turned and
saw
her choking a sob.
    "What's the matter?  Did I say something wrong?"
    "Tenchi,I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone
since
Washuu sat me down and told me.  You see,I can't have kids..."
    "Huh?  Why not?" Tenchi was more confused than ever.  More tears
streamed
down Ryoko's face,but she kept her composture.
    "Washuu told me that I was what she called a 'hybrid'.  She said I was
created in some lab using science and technology.  I was one step above
being
a test-tube baby,but one below being complete.  You're the first person I've
told ever,come to think of it.  You won't tell anyone,right?" Ryoko asked
with mercy and sorrow in her eyes.
    "Of course not,I wouldn't dream of hurting you like that.  I'm very
sorry
I brought up old wounds.  How can I make it up to you?" Tenchi asked,bravely
taking her hand in his.  He felt Ryoko's grip tighten.
    "You can do one thing for me,Tenchi.  You can day you love me.  You can
give yourself to me whole-heartedly and without regret." Ryoko said,her
voice
rising a bit,but sitll somber.
    "I love you,Ryoko.  I'm not sure if I'm ready to give myself *fully*
yet,but you'll always have my love and support."
    "Thanks,Tenchi.  That really means a lot to me.  Say,you're still a
virgin,right?" Ryoko asked as innocently as she could.  Tenchi's mind raced
back to when he heard about how people in the early centuries used to
sacrifice virgins in hopes that their mad gods wouldn't destroy them.
No,Ryoko would never do that,would she?
    "Uh,yeah.  Why do you ask?" he managed to get out.  Ryoko smiled that
devilish smile.
    "Oh no reason.  I am too,you know,so it would be *really* special if we
did it right here."
    "Uh,I don't know about that,I mean,I always thought that it would
uh,happen maybe when I'm a little older..."
    "Oh loosen up!  I held out for all those years I was sealed in that
cave!
 Do you know how long I've waited to be with you?"  Tenchi shook his head.
    "Since you were born." Ryoko answered,her voice stern.  Tenchi shuddered
at the thought.
    "No offense,but that's kind of well,disgusting,you wanting me since I
was
a baby and all..."
    "I dind't mean it like that!  Do you think sex is *all* I think about?"
Tenchi was affraid to answer.
    "I think about you,too," Ryoko added,"All the time,wishing you would
loosen up a little and show me how much you love me.  Guess I'll have to get
this ball rolling."  Ryoko leaned forward,locking into a kiss with Tenchi.
Completely surprised,Tenchi didn't know what to do when Ryoko slid her
tongue
into his mouth.  He broke the kiss.
    "What's the matter?  You're not *scared*,are you?  Oh I know,you don't
know what to do,huh?  Well let me be your teacher."  Ryoko shimmered and
split into two.  Tenchi,not ever seeing this before,was immediately freaked
out.
    "How'd you...  What the?!"
    "Oh calm down,she's just a shadow.  Now lie back and relax while we do
everything to teach you." Ryoko said as her double grabbed Tenchi's head and
shoved it inyo Ryoko's cleavage.
    "Step one:Always make the first move." the shadow said,moving Tenchi's
head around in slow circles,resulting in Ryoko's moans.
    "Step two:Always go out of your way to please your lover,even if you
don't know just what the hell you're doing." the double said as she moved
Tenchi's head lower down Ryoko's stomach.  Tenchi's nose was tickled by the
short,light teal hairs that speckled Ryoko's crotch.  The double put a hand
between his cheeks and popped his tongue out,making him lick Ryoko's outer
lips.  Ryoko moaned some more,aiding her double by clutching Tenchi's hair
and pulling his face closer to her crotch.  Fluids dribbled down Tenchi's
chin and into the bathwater below.  Ryoko's moans trurned to screams of
ecstacy as she climaxed,flooding Tenchi's mouth with her juices.  She let
out
a final moan before almost falling in front of Tenchi,her head resting
against his chest.
    "Not too bad,Tenchi,although you had a little assistance." Ryoko
gesutred
to her double,"but I'm pretty sure you'd do good on your own."  As if on
cue,Ryoko's double returned to Ryoko,fusing her into one again.
    "I think one Ryoko's enough,let alone two!" Tenchi said with a chuckle.
Ryoko laughed a little.
    "I think that's enough,let's take a nap,kay?" Ryoko said,grabbing the
pink crystal.  The hot tub immediately changed into a king-sized bed with
red
satin sheets.
    "Oh,fancy." Tenchi said,noticing the change around him.
    "Only the best for my Tenchi." Ryoko said with a laugh.  Tenchi frowned.
    "I really wish you wouldn't refer to me like that.  You make it sound
like I'm your trophy or something."
    "Oh,I'm sorry,I'm just so used to fighting with Ayeka over things that
aren't human,so I've had my fair share of trophies." Ryoko said,a sweet
smile
on her face.
    "Like that flower ring?"
    "I keep on telling everybody that Ayeka took it!  Why won't they believe
me?!" Ryoko said,about ready to launch into a tirade.
    "Is that how it happened?  Well,I believe you." Tenchi said,embracing
Ryoko.
    "Thanks,Tenchi." she returned his embrace,slowly falling asleep in
Tenchi's arms as he did the same.

Hours later...

    Ryo-ohki's frantic screeches woke Ryoko and Tenchi up.
    "What's going on,Ryoko?" Tenchi asked,confused and groggy.
    "I dunno,Ryo-ohki only ats like this when there's an emergency..." Ryoko
led on.  As if on cue,a screen popped up,Kiyone's face appearing.
    "Kiyone?" Tenchi asked sleepily,his eyes finally coming into focus.
    "Hey,you two.  Sorry to disturb you,but you're drifting through an
unauthorized area,you'll have to leave immediately before some Earthling
sees
you." Kiyone said.  Ryoko smiled embarrassingly,forgetting to program
Ryo-ohki's guidance system.
    "Where are we,anyway?" Tenchi asked.
    "Somewhere near a planet called,'Mars'.  Some Earthlings set up a few
surveilance cameras there,and they'd be a little freaked if they saw
Ryo-ohki
floating along in the backround." Kiyone reported.
    "Hey Kiyone?  Where'd you put the clean towels?" Mihohsi's voice
came,her
body entering the screen.
    "Mihoshi!  Get some clothes on!" Kiyone yelled.  Tenchi blushed at
Mihoshi's nude,wet body.
    "But I just took a shower and I'm all wet!  Now where'd you put the
clean
towels?" Mihoshi asked again.  Kiyone grumbled something and handed her a
towel.
    "Thanks!" Mihoshi chirped before leaving.   "Sorry about that," Kiyone
said apologetically,"Anyway,that's about it.  See ya around then."
    "Wait,Kiyone,can I talk to you for a second?" Ryoko asked.
    "Sure.  What about?" Kiyone agreed.
    "Hold on.  Tenchi,could you go lay down for a second?  I'll be right
there."  Tenchi noded and strode over to the bed,just out of hearing range
of
the two girls.
    "Anyway,this is about Sasami." Ryoko said.  Kiyone looked a bit nervous
for a second,but regained her composture.
    "I heard she was sick last week.  How is she now?"
    "Oh just fine,although I was wondering how she got sick in the first
place..."
    "Uh,I'm sure it was just a virus going around or something." Kiyone said
as calmly as she could.
    "I'm not so sure about that.  As a matter of fact,I remember her telling
me about a certain Galaxy Police officer..."
    "Alright alright,I did it!  But I swear,it didn't go any further than a
little kissing,that's it!"
    "Well,it *did* make her sick,so I was wondering,how would a wanted
criminal turn in an officer?"
    "Please Ryoko,don't do that.  It was just that I was under a lot of
stress and..."
    "Oh no need to explain,besides,I had a little fun with her,too."  Ryoko
flashed her smile again.  Kiyone's eyes bugged out.
    "You mean you and Sasami?!"  Ryoko nodded.
    "But I went a little further than necking..." Ryoko said,her smile
widening.  Kiyone's eyes bugged out farther.
    "What are you saying?  You and Sasami...and...you...did..."
    "That's right.  I won't tell if you do,and we'll keep it at that,kay?
Til next time..." Ryoko said as she shut the monitor off and floated over to
Tenchi.  She curled up around him so that her head rested on his chest.
    "Oh,hey Ryoko." he said,stroking her mane of hair.
    *Well,might as well break the news to him right now.* Ryoko summoned up
the courage to tell Tenchi.  It had been easier telling Kiyone,if only for
the fact that she was involved,too,but Tenchi was another story.  What if he
was totally disgusted?  Even worse,what if *he* wanted to try?  Ryoko had
promised herself to keep Sasami intact,even if it meant waiting until she
grew up to sleep with Tenchi.
    "Hey Tenchi?  Can I tell you something?" she finally asked.
    "Sure.  You know you can tell me anything." Tenchi's said,sounding his
usual trustworthy self.
    "Well,it's about Sasami..." Ryoko began.
    "What about her?  She's not sick again,is she?"
    "No,it's about something that happened between me and her last week.
You
see,while you were away,I,uh,I kinda slept with Sasami." Ryoko said meekly.
Tenchi's eyes bugged.
    "What?!  I don't believe it!  Ryoko,please tell me you're joking!"
    "But I'm not,Tenchi.  Don't worry,though.  It didn't go any further than
what you and I did in the bath a while ago."
    "It's not that,Ryoko.  It's the principle of the matter.  I really don't
like the idea of Sasami involved in anything like that,regardless of what
you
and her did." Tenchi said sternly.  He had calmed down considerably,but was
still a little angry.
    "Oh,I,uh,didn't realize you felt that way.  If you don't mind me
asking,what was the matter with it?" Ryoko said,trying to regain some of her
courage.
    "Well,Sasami's kind of young,don't you think?  I mean,she's kinda cute
and a wonderful cook,but I really don't think about her *that* way." Tenchi
explained.
    "I see.  I'm very sorry,Tenchi,I honestly don't know what made me do
it,but trust me,she's still as innocent and pure as before.  So are you mad
at me?"
    "How can I stay mad at you?  Just promise me you'll never do something
like that with her again,okay?" Tenchi said,pulling her into an embrace.
    "Sure.  In the meantime,however..." Ryoko said,suddenly back to her
energetic self.  She ducked down under the covers and threw them onto the
ground,landing in a pile.  She knelt in front of Tenchi's crotch and started
stroking him.
    "Uh,Ryoko,what're you doing?" Tenchi asked nervously,his eyes flashing
to
her sharp teeth.
    "You don't know *anything* about sex,huh?  No wonder you're still a
virgin.  Well,here's lesson two." Ryoko said as she gripped Tenchi's shaft
and started stroking it softly.  Tenchi gave in and started to get into it.
He placed his hand on Ryoko's head and stroked her soft hair while her head
bobbed up and down as she took Tenchi's length in and out of her mouth.  Her
moans reverberated against her throat and increased Tenchi's pleasure.  As
Ryoko came up,she removed her mouth for a second to lick the head,teasing
Tenchi and making him beg for more.  The more Tenchi moaned in pleasure,the
faster Ryoko worked her mouth,licking the underside with her tongue.
    "R-Ryoko,I'm...I'm gonna..." Tenchi managed to get out before he
came,spilling his seed on Ryoko as she came back up from the base of his
shaft.  She managed to swallow most of it,but the last few sprays landed on
her face.  She traced a few fingers on her face,wiping away the come and
licking it off.  She licked her lips and came up to face Tenchi.
    "How'd you like that?" she asked playfully.  Tenchi was still panting.
He caught his breath,but could still only nod in satisfaction.
    "I thought you'd like it.  Now then,enough with the appetizer,are you
ready for the main course?"
    "I-I don't think so,I'm kinda exausted right now." Tenchi said,letting
out a few final pants before going back to breathing regularly.
    "Aw,come on,Tenchi!"
    "Please,Ryoko,can't we do something else besides have sex today?  I've
had enough for right now..."
    "Oh,I get it.  You don't want to sleep with me,is that it?" Ryoko
said,her voice melancholy.
    "No no!  It's not that!  I'm just tired,that's all.  Maybe it's because
I'm from Earth,but I'm really beat..."
    "Alright,I'll let you rest,for now..." Ryoko said with that devilish
smile.  She cuddled up to Tenchi so that her head rested on his chest.
    "Hey Tenchi,if Ayeka had taken you on this same trip,would you sleep
with
her?" Ryoko asked.  Tenchi sat up.
    "I dunno,she seems so conservative and all.  She'd probably have me
executed if I tried anything." he said with a chuckle.  Ryoko suddenly sat
up
and looked Tenchi in the eyes.
    "I won't let her lay a hand on you,Tenchi.  I'll kill her if I have to."
Her voice was laced with anger.
    "Please,Ryoko,I'm sure she wouldn't do anything *that* serious.  I
really
wish you wouldn't talk about things like that.  I don't know what I would do
if Ayeka died,regardless of whether or not you did it,and the same applies
to
you.  I treat my guests as if they were my own family,although in a
way,Ayeka
is related to me..." Tenchi trailed on.
    "Huh?  Whaddaya mean?" Ryoko asked curiously.
    "You know how Yosho is Ayeka's sister?  Well,Yosho's actually living on
this planet!  And seeing as I found his sword in the cave where I found
you,he can't be too far away.  Also,the sword reacted to me,and Ayeka said
that only Juraians can use it,so that leads me to believe that I'm Juraian."
Tenchi finished up,taking a breath.
    "Well that's all fine and dandy,but how does that make you related to
Ayeka?" Ryoko asked,this time a little annoyed.
    "Well,while we were inside that shed a while ago,Ayeka told me about
Jurai and how they marry within their family.  To 'keep the legacy pure' I
think she said.  And if I'm Juraian,I must be related to Ayeka." Tenchi
said,wondering if his little theory was right.
    "Ew,you mean they're a bunch incestuous inbred royal people?" Ryoko
asked,disgusted.
    "I guess you could put it that way,but she said that there was nothing
wrong with it,and that it was even customary to marry your own brother or
sister!"
    "I think I get the point.  I wonder what time it is?" Ryoko pondered as
she floated up and looked at Ryo-ohki's internal clock.  Tenchi's eyes
bugged
out.
    "Royko!  Put some clothes on before someone sees you!"
    "What are you talking about?  No one can see us,you worry too much!"
    "What about Ryo-ohki?" Tenchi asked.
    "Oh it's nothing she hasn't seen before.  Honestly,what did you think I
did all those years in space,watch cartoons?"
    "You mean you..."
    "That's right,I've had my fair share of self-pleasure before.  You act
like *you* never do it..."
    "But I don't..."
    "Oh stop lying,I've seen you a few times;you've just never seen me.  To
tell you the truth,I was always a little turned on by it..." Ryoko said
seductively.  Tenchi blushed.
    "Well it's not like I make a habit of it,it's just sometimes I...I..."
    "Need release?  Don't worry,I'm all you'll ever need.  Just tell me when
you wanna sneak off."
    "I don't know about that,I mean,no one can see us here,but what about
back at home?  I'm sure my dad would find a way to sneak in..."
    "Oh don't worry about him,I'll know,and if I *ever* catch him trying to
invade on us,let's just say he won't be having any more kids..." Ryoko
said,clenching her fist.  Tenchi winced.
    "You don't have to go *that* far,maybe just kick him out or something.
Besides,what about the others?  What if Sasami came in telling us that
dinner's ready?"Tenchi asked fearfully.
    "Well,maybe she can join..."
    "Ryoko!
    "Just kidding..." Ryoko said with a smile.
    "Please,don't joke like that,Ryoko." Tenchi pleaded.
    "Fine.  I swear,you don't have a sense of humor." Ryoko
grumbled,floating
over to the bed and onto Tenchi again.  She pulled a sheet over the two of
the, just as a screen popped up in front of them,and Sasami's face appeared.
    "Hey guys!  How's your trip going?" she asked cheerfully.
    "Oh,hey Sasami.  It's going fine,thanks.  How'd you contact us?" Ryoko
asked in return.
    "Washuu let me use one of her inventions." Sasami explained.
    "Oh,alright then.  So how's everything down there?" Ryoko asked.
    "Fine,we're about to eat dinner,really.  You want me to save you some?"
    "No thanks,we won't be back for a few days."
    "Oh,okay.  How's Ryo-ohki?  I miss her..."  A crystal with Ryo-ohki's
face on it appeared in front of the screen and miya'd sadly.
    "Don't worry,Sasami,we'll be back in no time at all." Tenchi assured
her.
    "Thanks,Tenchi.  So what have you and Ryoko been doing?"
    "Uh,well,uhm..." Tenchi stuttered.
    "We were just finishing playing a game." Ryoko finished for him.
    "Really?  What game?" Sasami asked.  Tenchi's face turned red.
    "We were just playing 'Rabbit in the Hole'." Ryoko said.
    "I don't think I know how to play that,can you teach my sometime?"
Sasami
asked.  Ryoko nodded.
    "Thanks!  I have to go finish dinner now,have a nice trip!" Sasami said
before the screen disappeared.
    "Ryoko,if you..."
    "I know I know.  I was just kidding.  Besides,you should be thanking me
for covering up for you."
    "You're right,thanks Ryoko." Tenchi said,hanging his head.
    "You know,I just realized that we haven't eaten all day..." Ryoko
said,getting up again.
    "You're not thinking abou doing *that* again,are you?" Tenchi asked
nervously.
    "Get your mind out of the gutter,Tenchi.  I meant food.  Let's see if I
can't rustle up something." Ryoko said as she grabbed another pink crystal.
She fooled around with it until a stove appeared a few feet from the bed.
    "Uh,are you sure you should be cooking?  No offense or anything..."
    "Oh stop worrying,Sasami's been teaching me how to cook."
    "Really?  Well,I guess I have nothing to worry about then." Tenchi
said,smiling.  Ryoko went to work,setting up lunch.  She placed two plates
on
a platter and went back to Tenchi.
    "So what're we having for lunch?" Tenchi asked hungrily.
    "Oh,nothing special,just some bamboo shoots,ramen,and a little sushi."
Ryoko said,placing one of each on a small plate and handing it to Tenchi.
    "That sounds fine,it looks really good." Tenchi said,taking a pair of
chopsticks and starting on the ramen.  Ryoko munched on a bamboo shoot and
stared whistfully at Tenchi.
    "Huh,do I have something on my face?" Tenchi said,nonchalantly wiping
his
mouth with a napkin.
    "Oh no,I was just admiring you..."
    "I've never had anyone admire me before.  It feels nice,knowing that
someone out there,or right next to me,loves me." Tenchi said before planting
a kiss on Ryoko's cheek.
    "What,so soon?  We're not even finished eating!" Ryoko said playfully.
    "You should get *your* mind out of the gutter,Ryoko," Tenchi said,taking
a bite from a sushi roll,"This isn't too bad."
    "Really?  Thanks Tenchi,you don't know how much that means to me.  Now I
finally have an advantage over Ayeka!" Ryoko cried triumphantly.
    "Oh calm down,I'm sure Sasami'll teach Ayeka how to cook,too." Tenchi
said,tasting the bamboo shoots.
    "Hey Tenchi,I know you hate it when I ask,but who do you like more,me or
Ayeka?" Ryoko asked.
    "You know I love you both,and I wouldn't have it any other way." Tenci
said,embracing Ryoko again.
    "Well,that's nice and all,but I kinda want you for myself..." Ryoko said
hopefully.
    "That's being a little greedy,don't you think?  How would you feel if I
ran away with Ayeka?" Tenchi asked.  Ryoko's mood turned sad.
    "I see what you mean.  You're truly one in a million,Tenchi." Ryoko
said,smooching Tenchi.  After finishing lunch,Ryoko got rid of the stove and
plates and floated back to Tenchi.
    "So what do you wanna do now?" she asked as she nuzzled Tenchi's neck.
    "I think I'm ready now,after a nice meal and some rest." he
replied,sitting up.
    "Oh,alright then,do you mind if I'm on top?" Royko asked.
    "It really doesn't matter to me,as long as you're happy."
    "Aw,that's so sweet." Ryoko said,stradling Tenchi's midsection.  She
reached down and stroked Tenchi until he was errect.  She guided herself
onto
him,and carefully slid herself on.  Tenchi felt a small pop,but tried to
ignore it as Ryoko wrapped her arms around him and locked into a kiss,trying
to forget the momentary pain of entry.  She slowly slid herself up and down
Tenchi,moaning against his mouth.  Tenchi,meanwhile,was exploring Ryoko's
curves,sliding his hands up and down her back and neck.  Ryoko increased her
pace,moaning louder and louder.  Tenchi didn't have time to warn Ryoko
before
he came again,filling Ryoko's inner walls and triggering her own orgasm.
She
let out a final moan before collapsing on Tenchi's chest,breathing heavily.
Tenchi absent-mindedly stroked Ryoko's hair as the space pirate calmed down
and resumed normal breathing.
    "That was wonderful,Tenchi," she said,her voice barely above a
whisper,"Let's do it again!"
    "So soon?  You've got to give me time to recover.  I'm not just youre
personal sex toy,you know."
    "I was only kidding.  I swear,you'll never have a sense of humor." Ryoko
said.  Tenchi alughed a little and wrapped his arms around Ryoko.  They fell
asleep,Ryoko in Tenchi's arms and a big smile across her face.

    That about does it for the third part.  Sorry for all you Sasami fans
expecting something,but I felt it was important to build something between
Tenchi and Ryoko.  As always,I'm open to suggestioin,so send in those
comments at Foxsmarty@aol.com.  Until next time,same lemon time,same lemon
channel.