Tenchi Muyo! and it's charachters are the property
of Pioneer/AIC.  So please don't sue me.  I'm broke
anyways, so the only thing you would ever get from
me is 43 cents, a B/W television, and a 486 computer!
Also, feel free to criticize, MST, and all that other crap!
It's what I wrote this for, so that fellow readers can crumple
it up, flush it down the toilet, go get it at the sewage plant,
set it on fire, piss on the ashes, and bury it upside-down!
Have a nice day!  And remember, the stupidity and OOCness
was purely intentional, I want this fic to stink!

Well, thats over with...on WITH THE GAWD DAMN FIC!

[Stupid 'Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooow, *knock, knock* sound]


The master of the Retarded arts proudly presents...
Episode ?: NO NEED TO SAY NO NEED, DAMMIT!

++++++++++++++++++

It was the average sterotypical, overly-cliche'd and utterly repetitive day 
at the Masaki household!
The sun was shining, the birds were chiping...it all seemed like a normal 
day.  Or so we think.

Tenchi wakes up with a throbbing headache and feels sick. "I'll never touch 
that "tea" again!".
unfortunately for him, this author is going to make his life hell.  Just for 
today though...just for today.

Nobuyuki walks in having found Tenchi awake "What happened?! Tenchi said. 
"Oh well, um....son...we were all blitzed on  "tea"...and...well, we all 
daring each other to do things, and Ryoko dared me to put my long stick in 
your mouth and take a picture". Tenchi face-faulted "What?!?!?!?!". Ryoko 
walks in having overheard the conversation.  "It's true, Tenchi." Tenchi 
looks at her in disbelief then his concentration shifts from his father and 
Ryoko to the door.  He then runs out of the room screaming like a little 
girl!  Ryoko looks at Nobuyuki. "What's his problem?" Nobuyuki shrugs. "I 
have no idea...I told him I put my long stick in his mouth and-" "Wait, you 
mean bokken, right?" "Yeah...that's what I meant!" Ryoko sighs. "I'll look 
for him later." "Lets just forget about it." Ryoko nods in agreement. "Oh 
well."

Tenchi stopped screaming and was running downstairs to the kitchen when he 
ran into Ryo-oh-ki. He stopped and looked at her.  he started crying 
hysterically, and Ryo-oh-ki sweat-dropped.   "Ryo-oh-ki, I think  I'm going 
insane!" "Miya?" "Yes, that's right...insane, dammit!!!" "Miya! Miya miya!" 
"Wait a second, I'm talking to a  freakin' cabbit!  Arrrghh! I AM going 
nuts!" Ryo-oh-ki, looking hurt gave out a sad "Miya".   "Oh, Ryo-oh-ki! I'm 
sorry I insulted you!"   He hugged Ryo-oh-ki, then he pulled a carrot out of 
his pocket "Here you go!" Tenchi then got a crazed look on his face, then 
from out of nowhere...he pulls out a small noose and sets it up on a nail 
that was "conveniently" right beside him on the wall.  He notices that 
Ryo-oh-ki is almost done eating the carrot, so he picks her up and starts 
petting her. "Nice cabbit...good cabbit."   Then in a quick motion, 
Ryo-oh-ki is hanging from the noose.  She is struggling , but not gasping 
for air...then it hit Tenchi, and he slapped himself on the forehead "Baka! 
She's a damn spaceship...I forgot!" Tenchi then pulled an axe out of nowhere 
(Another co-incidence, maybe? ^_^) and decapitates the struggling little 
cabbit.  He stuffed his hand into the head and used it as a puppet.  
Laughing maniacally,
he chopped up Ryo-oh-ki's body into little pieces and ate them!   Looking at 
the head, he dropped it and went into the bathroom, took a shower, and 
changed.

Tenchi, still thinking about how funny it was killing the cabbit, is also 
wondering about how he would kill his father for driving him insane.   He 
walked calmly into the empty kitchen where Sasami was already preparing 
lunch.  "Hi Sasami!" Tenchi said with a big smile.  "Oh, hi Tenchi! You 
missed breakfast, you know." Tenchi giggled trying to hold back the evil and 
crazed laughter that was supposed to come out. "It's ok, Sasami....I already 
ate." Tenchi answered. "Really? What?" Sasami asked innocently.  Tenchi was 
taken aback by this question and decided to change the subject and try to 
silence her quickly, and permanently! "Sasami, the flame's too high on the 
soup!" Sasami turned around and Tenchi grabbed his axe.  Unfortunately, 
Sasami had turned around a split second after Tenchi pulled out his axe. 
Sasami joyfully said "Silly! the flames not to-ahhh!!!-*Crunch/Splat!*"  
Tenchi had delivered an overhead blow to Sasami's head, splitting the 
upper-part of her skull.   Her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she 
collapsed on the floor, dead.  He was laughing sadistically at the sight of 
Sasami's corpse, until he heard a door open.  He immediately ran to where 
the door had opened, and he realized he was heading to Washu's lab.

When he saw Washu, he got an idea.  He smiled at Washu "Hey little Washu, 
where are ya heading off to?" Washu raised an eyebrow,  seeing that Tenchi 
actually didn't want  to avoid her.  Washu stared at Tenchi "Umm...wellll, I 
heard you laughing like a diseased hyena; so I assumed something was wrong.  
Is everything okay?" Tenchi suddenly got nervous "Oh yeah, everything's 
fine!" <There's no way I can let her go to the kitchen!  Wait, I know!> 
Washu then gave Tenchi a suspicious look "Are you sure????" Tenchi smiled. 
"Of course, little Washu."  Washu got a mischievious smile "Are you hiding 
something from me, cause you know i'll-" Washu was cut off as Tenchi quickly 
kissed her on the lips; both of them blushed a deep shade of crimson.  
Tenchi's quickly faded away while Washu's still remained and stared at him 
in shock. "Tenchi...I...I..." Washu said, still quite stunned.   Tenchi 
smiled seductively at her "Why don't we go into your lab where you can take 
that 'sample' you wanted so bad?"  Washu returned his smile and kissed him 
passionately "And this time I don't think I'll have to tie you to the 
operating table!".  Tenchi suddenly got an idea as he and Washu ran into the 
lab.    Tenchi sat on the operating table "Little Washu, why not change into 
that cute Nurse's outfit...it's always turned me on." he said, gazing 
longingly into Washu's eyes.    She giggled and moved up close to Tenchi, 
kissing him once again "Ok, Little Washu will play 'doctor with you, you 
naughty boy!" She winked at Tenchi and turned towards a door that appeared  
beside her. <That must lead to her bedroom> Tenchi thought.  Washu looked at 
him and smiled "Don't go anywhere, now!" and with that she went through the 
door.  Tenchi then had set about looking around the lab for a suitable 
weapon; after several minutes, he found a weapon that resembled Mihoshi and 
Kiyone's GP Issue blasters.  Except that this gun  had something that looked 
like an oversized, reversed fish hook at the end of the 'barrel'.  Tenchi 
took the weapon in his hand and stared at it in awe and stroked the gun 
lovingly.  <Ohhh, yes...i'll give you your sample, *little* Washu!  Heh!  A 
sample of agonizing and excruciating PAIN!!!!>

End of part 1

So, what did you guys think?  Send all 
comments/questions/complaints/marriage proposals/hate mail
etc.. to Unknown_099@hotmail.com   I thought it was time that Tenchi snapped 
and went crazy! ^·^
