No Need For Permission 2

     Ayeka's fists were so tightly
clenched that she had drawn blood. Four red crescents oozed on each palm.
Her hands were covering her face now, and her tears made the blood thin
and pink. She could still hear them going at it. Muffled pants, creaks
and cries from Tenchi's room. She told herself she hated them both, but
she knew that wasn't true. She was just jealous, and what was worse, she
was smart enough to know it. She rolled over and buried her face in her
pillow, muffling a scream.
      Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ryoko were having a grand old
time. He had her bent over the end of his bed and was ramming her from
behind. For her part, she loved it, and howled uncontrollably. Her warm
inner walls gripped Tenchi's manhood even as her juices trickled down her
thighs.
     "Tenchi-i-i-i~!!" she cried through clenched teeth,
drawing it out. "I'm comi-i-i-i-ng!!" And come she did, screaming loudly
as Tenchi uttered a scream of his own behind her, coming as well. His hot
seed filled her, and she gasped. It took them awhile to slow down.
     "Ryoko..." he panted. "I have to admit... I was
stupid not to see the light sooner." She only grinned.
     "The others can't be as happy as you seem to be..."
she said thoughtfully. Tenchi nodded his agreement, catching his breath
quickly.
     "I'm good for another round, if you're game." he
said thoughtfully, though Ryoko could hear a grin in his tone.
     "Are you kidding?" came her reply, and she had to
bury her face in a pillow to muffle a giggle as Tenchi entered her again.
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Around the same time, Ayeka was finishing a short
cry, and sat ramrod straight in bed with her legs out in front of her.
She was lost in her thoughts. Thoughts about Tenchi. She closed her eyes,
and when she did so her thoughts lost much of their purity. Her breathing
quickened, and she felt a warmth between her legs. Almost unconsciously,
she slid her hand down there, one finger tracing the outline of her virgin
slit through her panties. She gasped, realizing what she was doing, and
was suddenly afraid that Tenchi would step in and see her touching herself.
Then she bit her lip, remembering that Tenchi was quite occupied. Sasami
was cooking, and wouldn't return until after everyone had eaten. She had
time... privacy... and, she reminded herself with a pitiful little moan,
the need. Her finger pressed harder against the moistened fabric of her
panties, and she found herself lying back, massaging her pussy. It felt
good... very good... but it wasn't enough. She pulled the fabric aside,
and touched her bare flesh, shivering at the sudden shock of pleasure.
Then she gently brushed a finger over her clit, and couldn't help but cry
out. She didn't realize until too late that she had been heard.
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ayeka's timid masturbation was nothing compared to
Tenchi and Ryoko's third go-round of the evening. Ryoko, Tenchi's cock
planted deep in her ass, let out a long, gutteral groan as he came yet
again inside her. Tenchi, for his part, grunted most uncharacteristically,
and held her close, staying inside her until he had caught his breath.
Then, almost reluctantly, he pulled out and flopped down on the bed. Ryoko
seemed tired as well, and collapsed beside him. Thankfully, neither she
nor Tenchi had heard Ayeka. Someone else, surely.
     "I've got to get a shower before supper," Tenchi
thought out loud. Ryoko smiled, cupping his balls in her hand.
     "I'll join you." she said, her smile becoming a
grin.
     "Not as tired as you look, eh?" Tenchi muttered,
letting out a sigh. "I'd love to, believe me, but I'm worn out." Ryoko
frowned at that. "But," Tenchi added. "We'll sleep together, literally
and otherwise, tonight." Ryoko smiled again, and then the two of them were
off to get cleaned up for dinner.
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yosho, Tenchi's grandfather and Ayeka's half-brother,
sat in the living room doing something he almost never did. He was watching
television.
     "Blah, blah, blah..." he said to the TV, disgusted.
"What garbage." With that, he clicked it off, and the room went silent...
for about five seconds. Then a shrill scream, which he recognised as belonging
to Ayeka, sheared through the air. Yosho was up and running in a second.
What he saw, when he reached Ayeka's room, shocked him. His half-sister,
his one-time betrothed, the young girl he still loved enough to watch over,
was... fingering herself. His jaw dropped, but he didn't say a word. Ayeka,
her eyes shut tight, was rubbing away at herself with a vigor he had never
seen in her, squirming and squeaking as she came. Panting, she finally
stopped, letting her fingertips tickle her tiny bud one last time, and
shivering as she opened her eyes... to see an old man, standing in the
doorway, watching her with eyes like dinner plates. She didn't recognise
him right away, and of course, she screamed.
     "Ayeka! What... Uh..." Yosho didn't know what to
say. Ayeka, finally recognising him, turned blood red and looked down.
     "I... I..." was all she could manage. She looked
up at Yosho again, and this time she saw him as he had left her. Young
as she, and handsome. It was an illusion, of course, but it didn't fade
right away, and Ayeka felt the hear returning to that spot between her
thighs. "Brother, I..." she lowered her eyelids in an almost coy gesture.
Despite himself, Yosho felt his member growing erect.
     "Ayeka... I've grown old... Surely..." But the way
she was looking at him made him stop. He began wondering, couldn't it be
as it should have been? Must he really disguise himself so? He had shown
his true face to his mother... could he not show it to Ayeka as well? Could
he not love her again, and she him? Her eyes said that this was right.
Almost instantly, Yosho stood there exactly as Ayeka had expected to find
him when she had first come to this planet. She shrieked, and stared at
him.
     "Yosho... it... it's you..." she stammered, making
no move to cover herself. Yosho nodded.
     "Do you think..." he began. "...that this is how
it should have been?", and she nodded in reply. For several minutes they
just stared, neither one knowing what to say. Then Ayeka blushed all over
again, and stretched out on the bed.
     "Yosho...", she whispered. "Please..." she looked
up at him with wide eyes. "Make love to me..."
     The sight of her, in all her royal beauty, now grown
up and so terribly lonely, was more than Yosho could bear. Smiling faintly,
he shed his clothing, and stood there, fully erect, before her. She smiled
again, slowly parting her thighs for him, revealing her shaven pussy, still
very wet. Slowly, he crept up onto the bed, and stretched out over top
of her, leaning into a deep kiss, their tongues caressing eachother. He
cupped one of her breasts in his hand and she gasped, closing her eyes
as his fingers gently pinched her nipple. One of her hands touched his
chest, and slid down to his waist, pausing just below, and then her fingers
curled around his cock and he let out a hard sigh.
     "Don't make me wait..." she breathed, looking up
into his purple eyes. "I've waited centuries already...", and she gently
guided his cock toward her opening. With a grunt, he thrust it into her,
forging right past the slight resistance met inside. She gasped, and but
her lip against the pain, a small gout of blood staining the sheet under
her, and then there was nothing but the pleasure of being all around him,
of having him within her. He went slowly, sliding in and out of her with
a steady rhythm, but she loved it, and squirmed gently, cooing like an
infant. Her eyes closed again, and when she opened them again, it was in
shock. The most powerful orgasm of her life took her in that instant, and
shook her violently. Even as she came, so did Yosho, his panting finally
ending in a grunt as he tensed, and then exploded, filling her. She screamed,
and lifted her hips toward him, pulling him down into her hard and gripping
his cock, milking it with her inner walls. They both slept that way, in
eachother's arms, and neither of them answered the call to supper.
     (To be continued?)

