    Caligula is back!
    Well, since I've gotten so very many letters from those who revere and
those who revile what I've written so far, I've actually set aside my
larger non-lemon project in favor of a third installment to the No Need For
Permission thread that's been the source of all that feedback. Admittedly,
the second one was scary, but in a way it had to be written. Anyhow,
without further ado, I now present No Need For Permission 3!! (And it's not
that I'm too lazy to come up with an original title for each, it's that I
like some continuity. Sue me.)

    Washu was alone in her lab, five monitors up and active in front of
her. It was not quite 2 a.m., and everyone else was asleep, so Washu had
taken a moment to check on all of them. She had mixed feelings about what
she saw. Ryoko and Tenchi together in one room, Ayeka and Yosho together in
another, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki sleeping peacefully, unknowingly, nearby,
Mihoshi and Kiyone sharing a room but sleeping apart, Tenchi's father
sleeping fitfully and probably dreaming. She was at once pleased that Ryoko
had gotten Tenchi, disappointed that now she would probably never get her
sample, disgusted at Ayeka's lack of restraint, in awe of how easily Yosho
had bedded her, and amazed that the others could sleep so soundly with so
much change in the air. On top of these other feelings, Washu was just
plain lonely. She had seen enough, so she shut the monitors down, and
sighed.
    She sat there awhile, trying to think, but her mind kept drifting back
to the almost pornographic sights she had seen earlier, before the lovers
had finally fallen asleep. She remembered how Ayeka had squealed when Yosho
was making love to her, and she remembered the latest bizarre position
Ryoko and Tenchi had experimented with. That daughter of hers was
positively incorrigible, but even she had to admit that Ryoko was
incredibly sexy. Almost, but not quite, against her will, one of Washu's
hands inched toward her crotch, rubbing it lightly through her clothes. She
smiled to herself, and gave in to what she clearly wanted to do. She
clicked one of the monitors back on and had the computer replay Tenchi and
Ryoko's most recent bout of lovemaking. She turned the sound up, watched
for awhile, rubbing herself ever harder and feeling the growing dampness
even through the fabric. Finally, she just undressed herself, and sat back
down to continue watching Tenchi and her daughter having sex, meanwhile
jabbing two fingers mercilessly into her own hole.
    It wasn't enough... Spending so much time alone in her laboratory,
Washu often found herself masturbating, and often had to make due with less
than satisfactory results, but this time was worse. Now almost everyone
else was getting laid, and she felt left out. The scenes on her monitors
had gotten her very worked up indeed, and even as she probed herself, her
agile mind was thinking of ways to make her solitary (um...) activities
more worthwhile. Afterall, she thought, she had already invented everything
imaginable, in her head, anyway, if she hadn't built it outright. Hadn't
she constructed a device for just such a purpose...? Mechanially, she went
on fucking herself, having already reached that point where it's really
rather pointless to stop, and finished with a muted whimper, pausing to
catch her breath. It hadn't been all that great, but as her thoughts turned
to her long-neglected invention, it occurred to her that she may be able to
go another round... or two... or more...
    It took her quite awhile to uncover the thing, her laboratory's
extradimensional space being somewhat cluttered, but she was very pleased
indeed when she beheld the object of her desire. It was an oblong box,
almost coffin-like, of shining chrome, sporting spiralled orifices all over
its smooth, metallic surface. She couldn't help but grin, sighting those,
and kept on grinning as she summoned her floating terminal. A series of
commands brought the gleaming abomination to life, and a humming, whirring
sound filled the air as the machine's openings twisted open all at once.
Simultaneously, literal dozens of (I think you've guessed it already...)
slender, metallic tentacles slithered nastily into view. The computer
terminal was dismissed, and Washu began hurriedly to undress.
    Naturally, Washu was interrupted, and found herself quite startled when
Mihoshi stumbled into the laboratory, looking, as always, quite lost. She
found Washu just as our favorite mad scientist was freeing herself of her
last article of clothing, a pair of panties the same pink color as her
hair.
    "Oh! Washu!" came Mihoshi's inadequate introduction, and she seemed
completely oblivious to Washu's near-nakedness. "What are you doing,
Washu?"
    Washu, of course, turned a half-dozen shades of red.
    "Mihoshi! I'll never understand how you always get in here, why..."
Washu began, angrily, but soon stopped herself, and an evil grin appeared
on her face. "Why, Mihoshi! I'm so glad you're here! You're just in time to
help me with an experiment, actually... I was going to start with myself,
but now that you're here, well... I'll be able to watch."
    Mihoshi was excited by the idea, and clapped her hands, grinning from
ear to ear.
    "Oh, really, Washu? Oh, wow! What do I have to do?"
    Washu's evil grin widened, and she gestured toward herself and her own
nude body.
    "Just... get out of your clothes..." she cooed, trying to sound
innocent and only succeeding in sounding very sinister indeed. "...and
stand right where you are."
    "Oh... Okay!" Mihoshi chirped, thinking nothing of the request, and did
as she was told, standing there cheerfully as though nudity were the most
natural thing in the world. "What now?"
    "This!" proclaimed Washu, as the tentacles came to life again, wrapping
themselves about Mihoshi's ankles, arms and thighs..
    Mihoshi shrieked as she was lifted off the ground.
    "Washu-u-u-u!!!" she cried helplessly, suddenly very afraid. "Is this
what you had in mind?"
    Washu only grinned, and summoned her floating cushion, the better to
sit back and watch. The tentacles, at first, were almost gentle, carressing
Mihoshi's lithe body carefully and slowly, and Mihoshi even began to
relax... before the tentacles shifted gears entirely. With frightening
speed, a cold, metallic phallus shot up between Mihoshi's outstretched
legs, vibrating against the opening to her sex, which rapidly began to
moisten from the attention. Mihoshi gasped and shrieked, and wriggled
frantically, as if trying to get away, though Washu noticed that her
efforts, perhaps, were halfhearted. Indeed, a faint moan escaped Mihoshi's
lips as the tip of the tentacle disappeared inside of her, and she voiced a
longer, louder one as several inches of it began to pump slowly in and out
of her. Washu became aroused all over again, watching this, and one of her
hands drifted down to her own crotch, slender fingers slowly tracing up and
down between the lips of her sex.
    Maybe, thought Washu, though her mind was quickly turning to less
scientific matters, I should have made the tentacles self-lubricating? She
drew a long, ragged breath as her fingers pressed against her swollen
cunny, and slowly pressed a finger inside, whimpering a bit at the feel of
it but never taking her eyes from the spectacle of Mihoshi and her
invention.
    Meanwhile, Mihoshi was having a difficult time forming even her usual
semi-coherent thoughts. The tentacles seemed to know exactly what she
wanted, and while the one between her legs began to pick up the pace,
thrusting into her dripping pussy like nothing she had ever felt before,
another began probing almost curiously between the muscled cheeks of her
ass. She wasn't quite sure how she felt about /that/ one, but what was
being done to her already felt so wonderful that she was hardly in a
position to complain.
    Washu, mesmerized by Mihoshi and the tentacles, was panting and whining
almost pathetically, having since lifted herself from her cushion on the
tips of her toes, bending backward a bit as her body was taken by waves of
pleasure. She found the whole business very fulfilling, getting off on her
own while watching her invention pleasure Mihoshi. Now, with two fingers
inside of her and her thumb rubbing over her clit, she was fast approaching
another orgasm, though she didn't dare close her eyes and miss a minute of
Mihoshi's "adventure".
    Mihoshi's eyes shot open and she gasped audibly as the tentacle, smooth
and metallic but unlubricated and dry, pressed, undaunted, past the flesh
of her ass and into the tiny bud of her anus. She shrieked softly as her
hole was stretched by the invading tentacle, but was unable to protest, as
the one writing within her vagina was quickly bringing her to orgasm. She
moaned loudly, and her eyes squeezed shut again as the tentacle's thrusting
and vibrating finally made her come. Her toes curled up involuntarily, and
her asshole clenched tightly around the second tentacle, which was painful,
but not enough so to spoil the moment. The first tentacle, however, didn't
seem ready to stop, and went on pistoning inside of her. She wasn't quite
able to catch her breath, and even as the second tentacle began pumping in
and out of her ass, she felt the beginnings of another orgasm.
    Washu had finally managed to shut her eyes, and began to jerk violently
up and down, fucking herself viciously with her two fingers. She gave a
succession of short, desperate little screams as she came as well, the
flesh inside of her tightening over the invading digits. A wave of fluid
passed over her hand, and eventually she began to relax, opening her eyes
halfway, almost sleepily, to watch as her creation continued to ravage the
blonde detective...
    With both of her holes being plumbed by writhing steel, Mihoshi was
unable to contain another screaming reaction, and as she came a second
time, her pussy and anus squeezing tight around the metal shafts within
each, the thrusts of the tentacles finally began to slow down a bit, and
eventually they withdrew, the others lowering her very gently to the
ground, where she lay, exhausted, her breasts heaving as she panted and
tried to catch her breath. She was covered in sweat, and appeared very
dishevelled, but not dissatisfied. Washu watched her for a moment, but said
nothing, and on the floor of Washu's laboratory, Mihoshi fell asleep.
    Washu smiled to herself, and produced from extradimensional space a
clean cloth, with which she wiped herself clean and did the same for
Mihoshi, without awakening her. She reached for the tentacle machine and
carefully shut it down, then she dressed herself and sat back down on her
cushion.
    "Well!" she proclaimed, to no one in particular. "At least I know now
that it works... Next time, I'll try it myself. Maybe Mihoshi would like to
watch?"

                        *            *            *
    Read this stuff!
    The End... or is it? Criminy, how many of these things do you people
want me to write? I don't mind, really. In fact, I love writing these. I
keep getting good responses from people, so I guess I'm at least moderately
good at this... either that, or I speak to the masses with their own
collective voice. Okay, I'll stop stroking myself, but seriously, email me
if you've got something to say! (By the way, I don't plan on using
tentacles anymore... that's not the way I like to write... I did it here,
mainly, because I had never done it before. So don't give up on me just yet
if you don't like tentacle stories. As a general rule, I don't write them.)

    Currently, I can be reached at Caligula@Satanism.org (non-case
sensitive). This address is the only address I have active at this time, so
please do not send mail to any of the addresses mentioned in my previous
stories. (This story is the most recent as of February, 2001.)
    My promise to you: I will never, ever do a Sasami lemon! Not ever!
    If you want to MST this or any of my other stories, please email me
first. I want to read it before it gets posted. It's only fair, folks...
you're using my story, afterall.
