Standard disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and all characters belong to
Pioneer. This story is the creation of my imagination, and therefore is in
no way connected to the continuity of the OVA or the T.V. series.

                      NO NEED FOR TICKLING!

                            part 1

   Washu was living her most erotic fantasies. That was one of the
advantages of being the greatest scientific genius in the universe. Her
virtual reality machine made any fantasy or sexual perversion possible.

Washu leaned back on her reclining chair especially designed for the
device with a visor covering her eyes and ears. Her mouth was curled in
a smile of pure bliss. One might guess that she was experiencing a
sexual romp with any number of Earth heart throbs that she had seen on
Earth TV and movies. Leonardo DeCaprio, Mel Gibson, and Jean
Claude VanDamme, were likely choices. Indeed, the brilliant redhead
had those individuals programmed into her virtual reality computer,
ready and waiting to pleasure her. But she was in the mood for
something darker than just raw sex.

You see, even though Washu could be classified as a heterosexual,
there was one thing that brought her swinging to the side of lesbianism.
And that was the writhing and hysterical laughter of tickle tortured
women.

The program she was running now was designed to satisfy her sadistic
ticklish cravings in every way. She called it Tickle Hell.

The fantasy the virtual reality program provided made Washu the Devil
of an afterlife realm of punishment where women were sent to suffer
eternal tickle torment. If one could look into the artificial realm of the
program Washu was running, he would see an endless multitude of
gorgeous women being mercilessly tickled by feathers, vines,
disembodied hands, etc. across a broad expanse carpeted with a plush
rug and littered with soft pillows. The deafening peals of laughter might
drive the observer mad with horror as he saw the immense suffering on
these women's tear soaked faces, but to Washu, the sounds of their
agony were music to her ears.

Looking across the field of tickle torture victims, one might recognize
many celebrities among the throng. One might see Cindy Crawford
laughing and rolling on the plush carpet as dozens of feathers brushed
every nook and cranny of her ticklish body. One might even see
Jennifer Love Hewitt tied spread eagled on the floor as disembodied
hands tickled and massaged her breasts and thighs. Many other female
movie and TV stars could be found that Washu could choose from, but
right now, she was preoccupied with someone very special.

In the middle of the thousands of women laughing and writhing in their
ticklish agony, Washu straddled a restrained Nagi, the inter-stellar
bounty hunter, and mercilessly tickled her armpits and ribs.

Nagi bucked and screamed with tortured laughter under Washu's
wriggling fingers. She was stripped of her provocative bounty hunter
costume and donned a humiliating bunny suit instead, which Washu
found very cute.

Washu wore a sultry devil's costume, which was appropriate for her
place as the Devil of Tickle Hell, which consisted of a red leotard and
blood red, knee high boots. Two short horns poked out of her forehead
right below her spiky hairline. Washu smiled down at Nagi's flushed
face while her bunny ears bobbed as her head shook back and forth
from the intense tickling.

In the mood to hear the ex-bounty hunter beg some more, Washu
stopped tickling and waited for Nagi to calm down and catch her
breath.

Nagi looked up at her torturer, her tear soaked eyes filled with
desperation. "Oh please, mistress!" she said over the din of female
laughter. "Please no more tickling" I-I'll die!"

"You're already dead!" Washu shouted, amused that she had to state
the obvious.

Nagi wept at the memory of being condemned to an eternity of tickle
torment. She couldn't bear the fact that she will be ticked forever and
ever.

"Please!" Nagi sobbed. "I'll be your slave!"

"You already are my slave!" Washu said, cackling evily and showing
her gleaming fangs. Washu wiggled her fingers in front of her victim,
ready to tickle her again.

"NO!!! No!" Nagi shouted in pure desperation. "I'll do anything you
want, just please, PLEASE let me rest!"

"Hmmmmm," Washuu muttered, considering. "That depends Are you
sorry for hounding my dughter, Ryoko across the galaxy?"

"Yes! (gasp) Yes!" Nagi said immediately.

"And are you sorry for acting like a cold, macho bitch all the time?"

"Yes! Yes, I am!" Nagi said as her breathing slowed, getting her wind
back.

"Sorry," Washu said, her fangs gleaming in a sadistic smile. "Apologies
are never accepted in...Tickle Hell!!!" And she dove her fingers into
Nagi's sides and belly.

Nagi reared and screamed in ticklish agony. So once again Nagi
squirmed and screamed with laughter under Washu's tickling fingers.
Wash giggled sadistically at Nagi's laughing and begging. "Not such a
cold, macho bitch now, are you?" Washu remarked to the agonized
Nagi.

In reality, the real Nagi was on the other side of the galaxy, plotting
revenge against Ryoko for constantly outwitting and escaping her
clutches. She had no idea that her likeness was being used for a mad
scientis's sadistic perversions. And even though the Nagi Washu was
tickling was nothing more than an electronic image embedded in
cyberspace, Washu had suspended all desbelief and what she was
experiencing through her virtual reality device was as real as can be.
Washu was looking forward to the sexual delights that Nagi will grant
her in exchange for spanding a little time untickled. Yes, life was good
to her.

Then, the program was interrupted by hissing static.

"WHAAA?!!!" shouted Washu as she was rudely smacked back into
the real world. She leapt out of her recliner ane ripped the visor from
her head, the static hurting her eyes. Washu blinked continuously as she
looked around her lab. She immediately noticed the cause of the
disruption.

"MIHOSHI!!!"

The ditzy blonde stood by the smoking virtual reality machine with one
finger on her puckered lips.

"Oops! (half-hearted laugh) Sorry."

"Mihoshi!" Washu raged, throwing the now useless visor on the lab
floor. "How the hell do you keep getting in here?"

"Uh, I dunno," Mihoshi replied. "I took a right, then a left, then another
left..." Mihoshi rambled on and on as her arms moved in every which
way, indicating directions. "Then, I found myself here. (giggle)"

Washu slapped her palm to her forehead in a sign of exasperation. A
sweat drop appeared on the side of her head.

"Well, anyway, Washu, I came to tell you that dinner is ready. But I
saw you in that headband thingy. And you were laughing in a way that
was scary. So I tried to shut off the thingamajig that you were hooked
up to...and...I think I did that. (giggle)" Mihoshi said as she pointed at
the steaming wreckage that was Washu's precious pleasure toy.

For the upteenth time, Washu suppressed the urge to throttle the stupid
bimbo. But then, she started to examine the blonde.

When her programs were allowed to run their normal course, it ended
with Washu receiving a belly busting climatic orgasm. Then, she was
sated until the next time around.

But she didn't get the opportunity to become sated. Because this bimbo
in front of her broke her VR machine.

So Washu found herself drinking in the blonde's exotic beauty. Her
khaki pants flowed around her voluptuous rear end, enhancing its
perkyness. Her pink blouse cradled her breasts and tucked into her
slacks, showing off her figure. Being fresh out of the Tickle Hell VR
program, Washu had to restrain herself from attacking the beauty with
tickling hands.

"Um, Washu? Um, why are you looking at me like that?"

With Mihoshi's inquiry, Washu snapped out of it. She had an idea of
how to deal with this bimbo once and for all.

"Mihoshi," said Washu. "Now that you are here, there's something I'd
like you to try out for me."

"Oh, wow! What is it?"

Washu rummaged in a corner of her lab and brought out a bright silver
ball. She brought it over to Mihoshi.

"This is an entertainment device I've been working on. I need an
unbiased opinion on it. Since you like to poke and prod things, I think
this device is just for you."

"Woooooooow! (giggle) Um, how does it work?"

"Just press that red button and it'll start."

"OK, (giggle)"

So Mihoshi started her search for the red button on the silver ball she
held. Washu fumed at how long it took the bimbo to find it. She swore
that this ditz couldn't find her own ass with both hands.

"Oh, here it is!" (giggle)" And she pressed the red button, completely
unaware that something devious was afoot.

Two clamps attached to strong metal cords shot out of the silver sphere
and clutched both of Mihoshi's wrists.

"Yipe! Wh-what's going on?"

Washu grinned evilly in reply.

Dozens of metal tentacles seeped out of the sphere and started rubbing
into Mihoshi's voluptuous body.

WHAAAAA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (GASP) TICKLES!
(GASP) IT TICKLES!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
(GASP) OH HOHOHO STAAAAHHHHPPPP
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Mihoshi immediately dropped to the floor in a fury of squirming and
squealing as the tentacles snaked into her armpits, belly, and ribs.

Washu nodded in satisfaction. That should keep that bimbo busy for
awhile, she thought. Now let's see what I can do with the VR machine
the little ditz broke.

Through the sound of Mihoshi's hysterical laughter was pleasant at first,
it became kind of annoying after a while. It was really distracting Washu
as she was trying to fix the VR machine. But the last straw was when
she heard a loud crash from behind.

Washu spun around to see Mihoshi sprawled on the floor along with the
wreckage of her setup of beaker and test tubes. Washu guessed that
Mihoshi had managed to get to her feet in an act of ticklish desperation,
then slammed herself into the delicate arrangement in her ticklish
torment. Mihoshi continued to writhe and squeal among the broken
glass. Tears began to flow from her eyes as the devilish thing reached
under her clothes and continued to tickle her hairless hollows
mercilessly.

EEEEEEEEEEEE HEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (GASP) STOP IT!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Washu huffed in irritation. She was going to have to put Mihoshi away
somewhere until the tickling device ran its course. Washu pecked on
her keyboard, which appeared in the air in front of her at her command.
With it, she created a subspace transdimensional padded cell she could
put the ticklish blond in. A door appeared near the redhead.

Washu grabbed Mihoshi by the hair and dragged the ticklish blonde
towards the door. Once she opened it, she threw the laughing, writhing
bimbo inside.

"There! That'll hold ya!" Washu shouted, laughing as she slammed the
door.

Then, Washu continued to repair the busted VR machine. She whistled
as she listened to the muffled screams of laughter of the tickled Mihoshi.

When Washu was almost finished repairing the VR machine, she
received another visitor.

"Oh, hello, Kiyone!" said Washu.

"Hi," said Kiyone as she walked into Washu's lab. "You and Mihoshi
didn't come to dinner and we were wondering what was up."

Then, she cocked her head, listening to the screaming and squealing that
seemed to come from all directions.

"Um...Washu, what is that?" Kiyone inquired.

"Oh, that's Mihoshi," Washu replied in a matter of fact manner. he's
testing out one of my torture machines.

"She's what?!!!"

"You heard me!" Washu stood before the brunette, facing her squarely
in the eye. Even though Washu only came up to the beauty's chest, the
redhead could take her out in a fight any day with her pseudo-scientific
powers. And she would have if she had too. Indeed, Washu expected
the Galaxy Police Detective to fly in a rage over what she was doing to
her partner and try to rescue the blonde.

But instead, Washu noted a twinkle of devilish delight in Kiyone's eyes
and her mouth had curled in the slightest smile. Kiyone looked at
Washu, enthusiasm brightening her face. "Can I watch?"

Washu smiled back at the detective. "Sure! Right this way!" And
Washu led Kiyone to the subspace padded cell.

Kiyone peeped in as Washu opened the door to see Mihoshi writhing,
laughing, and sweating up a storm. The tickling device had stripped the
blonde of her clothes down to her pink bra and panties and was
brushing its tickling tips all over Mihoshi's ticklish form.

EEEEEEEEEEEE HAHAHAHAHAHA(GASP) OH NOOOOOO
HOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO STOP
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

"Oh, tickling," Kiyone said, a hint of disappointment touching her voice.

"Of course, what did you expect?" said Washu.

"Well, from the sound of it, I thought she was bing skinned alive. But
this must be just as agonizing for her. I know just how ticklish she is."

"Do tell," said Washu.

"Oh, yes! From time to time, I have to tickle her to keep her in line. She
behaves for a while after such a session. But when she starts acting like
an annoying ditz again, that's when my magic fingers go into action."
Kiyone giggled. "She is as weak and defenseless as a child whenever
she's tickled."

"Yes, well, it's been an hour new," Washu said looking at her watch.
The "tickling machine should shut off just about...now!"

Immediately after Washu's statement, the silver globe released
Mihoshi's wrists and all of its tentacles seeped back into the machine.

Mihoshi slumped onto the padded floor, a quivering, giggling wreak.
Then her big blue eyes filled up with tears as her mouth formed into a
whimper.

"WWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!"

"Ooooohhh! There, there, Mihoshi," consoled Kiyone as she went to
her.

Mihoshi embraced her best friend and cried on her shoulder. "I-i-it was
horrible! (sob) I couldn't stand it! (sniffle)"

"It's all right. It's all over now. Now why don't we get your clothes back
on and get out of here, OK?"

Mihoshi nodded as she gathered her torn off clothes to her breasts and
left the padded cell, leaning on Kiyone for support.

As the pair passed Washu Kiyone winked at the redhead and gave her
the thumbs up sign. Washu nodded in acknowledgement.

Later that night, the girls were in the hot bath, chatting about the day
they had. Ryoko and Ayeka were arguing over who Tenchi liked best,
as usual. Washu was watching the two rivals fight with a smirk on her
face. Sasami was playing with Ryo-oki. And Kiyone and Mihoshi were
sitting in the giant bath next to each other. Kiyone had a peaceful
expression on her demeanor and Mihoshi was uncharactoristically
silent. She just stared down at the water and brooded.

Sasami noticed Mihoshi's sulleness.

"Gee, Mihoshi. What's wrong? You're not you're usual bubbly self."

"Aw, she's had a rough day," said Kiyone as she looked over at Washu
and winked.

"Yup," agreed Washu. "Mihoshi found herself in a very ticklish situation
today."

"What?" Sasami asked innocently.

So Washu told everyone of how she punished Mihoshi for coming into
her lab and breaking stuff all of the time. Kiyone smirked as Sasami,
Ayeka, and Ryoko were held mesmerized by the story. Mihoshi was on
the verge of tears.

"Yup," said Washu. "I think it'll be a cold day in Hell before Mihoshi
intrudes herself in my lab again! EHH HEH HEH HEH HEH
HEEEEEEEHHHHHHH!"

"Stop it! Mihoshi shouted, two streams of tears squirted from the sides
of her eyes. "You're so mean! (sob) I almost died!"

"Aaawwwww!" said Kiyone in mock sympathy as she put her arm
around the shoulders of the sobbing Mihoshi. "Poor baby is upset.
Here's something that'll cheer you up!" And she tickled Mihoshi's ribs.

"SQUUUUEEEEEEAAAAAALLL!!!" STOP IT!!!" Mihoshi shrieked.
She immediately jumped away from her friend and swam to the middle
of the bath.

Kiyone giggled and swam slowly towards her. "I'm gonna getcha!" She
playfully growled, her head skimming above the water as she stalked
Mihoshi. "I'M GONNA GETCHA!!!"

"No! Stop! I mean it!!!" Mihoshi cried as she swam towards Ryoko
and Ayeka with the conception that they would protect her from the
suddenly sadistic Kiyone.

But when she moved herself between the two rivals, they gave each
other a look of mutual agreement. Acting as one, they each grabbed an
arm and scrambled their hands all over the blonde's too ticklish body.

AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHA(GASP) NO! NO!
NOOOOOOO!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Kiyone laughed in pleasure to see that the tickling spirit she displayed
was spreading. She took Mihoshi's right foot and scrambled her fingers
along her soles.

Mihoshi bucked her naked body spasmodically and squealed in laugher
as her tormenters continued to tickle

Little Sasami, ever the innocent, said: "Wow! That looks like fun! Let
me try!" And she appeared behind Mihoshi and started tickling her
neck.

Ryoko was laughing raucously at poor Mihoshi's predicament,
obviously enjoying the blonde's torment. Ayeka was giggling in a
feminine way, enjoying this too. Sasami had a look of child like joy on
her face. And Kiyone's face was twisted in a sadistically evil smile.

But Mihoshi wasn't enjoying this one bit.

STOP! STOP! STOOOOOOOOP!!! EEEEEEEKKKKKKKK
HEEHEEHEEHEEHEE HEEHEEHEEHEEHEE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA (GASP) AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Washu shrugged her shoulders. Welp, the more the merrier, she
thought. And she swam over and started tickling poor Mihoshi's left
foot.

Mihoshi's ticklish laughter rang out through the bath area as her torment
continued.

                      THE END