No Need for So Many Presents!

A Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki Christmas Fanfiction
By D.F. Roeder

Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki and all the characters therein are the property of
AIC/Pioneer. This work is solely for entertainment purposes. No
compensation has been or will be received.

C&C very welcome. Post to FFML or privately to dfroeder@gte.net.

Flames deleted.

NOTE: Mild lime/humor/WAFF.
____________________

[Planet Jurai. December 25, 2004, Earth calendar.]

Light shone through the bedroom window, dappled by the foliage of a
gigantic tree limb running across the view. Soft-edged and leaf-shaped
shadows danced across numerous pieces of clothing strewn over the floor.
The leading edge of the light crept up the foot of an oversized bed and
threatened the repose of three figures . A young man of Earth-Asian
heritage lay on his back, spiky black hair pointing in all directions
and matted down in places from dried moisture. His body was cloaked in
two wide fans of hair - the sky blue hair from the woman asleep across
his chest and the teal blue hair from the woman snuggled up against his
opposite side. He had placed an arm around each during the night.

The door to the bedroom creaked slowly open, and another woman with
sky-blue hair, tied in a thick ponytail high on her head, moved smoothly
to face the bed, her robes rustling. She had a manic smile on her face,
and the irises of her burgundy eyes had expanded to nearly fill her
sockets. She was, in fact, close to losing it. She mentally chided
herself and brought a sophisticated camera to bear. The camera instantly
processed the scene before it and beeped to indicate image capture. The
cards the woman would send to her girlfriends later would have this
image on the front, and it would cause no small embarrassment to the
young man concerned. The woman secreted the camera and brought her hands
together in front of her face. Little sparks twinkled in her eyes.

"Kaaa-waaa-iiii!!!" The woman's low and resonant voice caused the
lightly sleeping man to crack an eye and look down the bed.

"Aaaaahhh!" Masaki Tenchi, the recently coronated Emperor of Jurai,
would have jumped to cover himself if he hadn't been held down by woman
flesh. As it was, certain parts were glaringly uncovered and suffering
from a morning condition known to most humanoid males. Misaki noticed
the condition waving around.

"Ooooooo..." She leered at Tenchi, and he bigsweated.

Masaki Kiyone, the sleepy new First Empress of Jurai, swept back her
teal bangs, revealing a single round power rune on her forehead, and
spoke to her husband, "Anataaaaaaaa! What's all the noise about?"

At the same time a head of sky-blue hair rose from his chest, her
forehead showing two round power runes. Masaki Sasami, the new Second
Empress of Jurai and recently fully assimilated patron goddess of Jurai,
looked up at her husband and grunted, "Huh?"

Tenchi frantically pointed between them. The women turned their heads to
see.

"OKAASAMA!!" Sasami screamed.

"Lady Misaki, please!" Kiyone added. Misaki's smiling face was replaced
by a dark scowl, and Kiyone shrank against Tenchi. Tenchi whispered
something in her ear and Kiyone face-faulted, but she gathered herself
and screeched in a little girl's voice, "OKAASAMA!"

"Ohayo gozaimasu, Okaasama," Tenchi said in a resigned voice.

Misaki grew even more kawaii than before. "Oooooh. Such GOOD and SWEET
children." She promptly jumped onto the bed and gathered the three nude
bodies into a bone-crushing bear hug. Faces were turning purple when a
light knock at the bedroom door spared their lives.

"Is this a private party or can anyone join in?" Lady Funaho, the first
wife of the recently retired Emperor of Jurai and Tenchi's
great-grandmother, stood smiling in the doorway.

"You might as well," Tenchi gasped. "Pretty soon everyone will be here,"

"Oneesama!" Misaki jumped up and met her "sister" halfway, gathering her
up in an uncharacteristically tender hug. Out of view one hand sneaked
down and squeezed a buttock. "Where were you last night? Anata came in
and just went to sleep. I was bored and lonely."

"There was a communication from Washu that needed attention. I'll
explain shortly," Funaho said and smiled. She pecked Misaki on the
forehead. Misaki, forgetting their audience for the moment, dragged her
co-wife's head down for a probing and passionate kiss. 

The audience stared, then Tenchi smirked. "If I'm ever away, at least I
know you two don't have to be lonely," he said grinning at his own
co-wives. They promptly bonked him on the head.

"Hentai!" Kiyone said.

"What'd I do?"

Sasami just giggled and blushed. "Kiyone, I guess that wasn't entirely
fair of us. I mean, we did have our own fun later."

"Oh HO!" Tenchi cried. "Call me a hentai, will you."

"Sasami-chan," Kiyone declared, "and Tsunami-chan, too. The first lesson
of being a wife is to not let your husband know everything that's going
on." Sasami giggled again and nodded.

Tenchi sighed. "Great. I'm on the throne less than a month, and there's
already a conspiracy afoot."

The commotion behind her reminded Misaki that she and Funaho were not
alone. She broke the kiss and looked sheepish, but Funaho just smiled.
"We'll finish this later," she whispered, "without Anata." Misaki
blushed and nodded. They walked to the bed just as Tenchi finished with
"conspiracy afoot."

"You should know, Tenchi-chan, that wives always conspire against their
husbands," Funaho added, joining in the ribbing.

Tenchi studied the bed sheet as the laughter slowly wound down around
him. "I guess I really wouldn't know," he mumbled to himself. The women
looked at him in confusion, but the light went on in Funaho's head.

"Ah, Tenchi-chan. Gomen nasai. I wasn't thinking when I said that. I
know how you miss Achika-chan." The other women understood immediately
after Funaho's apology, and they began to pat him and coo over him.

"Daijobu, daijobu da yo!" Tenchi laughed, waving his arms. "I'm not
upset or anything. All this talk just made me wonder what mom would
think of me now." He sobered a little. "I hope she would have been
proud," he said softly. "UURRRKK!"

Wailing and crying a river of tears, Misaki had grabbed Tenchi's skull
in her trademark bear hug. His face was smashed into her left breast as
she cried, "Waaaahhh! You poor thing. Let Okaasama make it better." She
rocked his head back and forth like a baby as Tenchi's arms fanned up
and down. This second session of oxygen deprivation was aggravated by
the sensation of Misaki's firm nipple pressing through her clothes
against his lips and the subsequent migration of his blood to various
extremities. The sheet that Tenchi had managed to cover himself with
earlier chose that moment to fall off, and now Funaho got an
appreciative eyeful. She smirked at Tenchi's wives, who blushed and
busily looked elsewhere. She turned and tapped Misaki on the shoulder.

"Anata."

Misaki looked up, tears still flowing down her face. Funaho pointed down
to Tenchi's blue ears.

"Ara!" Misaki exclaimed and released the young emperor. Tenchi wavered
on his knees and in a weak, delirious voice said, "Okaasama..., what
nice breasts you have," and promptly fell back dazed. The women howled,
bringing Tenchi back to himself quickly. "What did I say?" he asked
innocently. The women howled anew and then pointed at his midriff,
damning evidence at attention.

"AAAAACCKK!" He slid underneath the covers, blushing furiously. "I'm
sure there's got to be something written down somewhere about giving
emperors a bad time," he growled.

"Yes," Sasami said. She grabbed the hard evidence through the sheet,
causing Tenchi to twitch. "It's called the honeymoon." Tenchi moaned in
delight. The women completely lost it and were rolling on the floor.
Tenchi lay back and pouted.

Funaho was, of course, the first to regain her composure. "Tenchi-chan,
we'll soon leave you three to your morning. First, however, do you
remember what day it is?"

Tenchi scratched his head. "No. Um... the first day after our
honeymoon?" he quipped.

"Baka," Funaho chided, "it's Christmas Day!"

Tenchi stared at everyone in horror. "I COMPLETELY FORGOT! Aww,
maaaannn, this Juraian calendar has me completely screwed up. Gomen
nasai, I didn't get anyone gifts."

Misaki smirked. "We forgive you... this time." Tenchi looked sheepish.

"It's Christmas," Sasami sighed, "and there's not going to be a family
get-together at Nobuyuki-otousan's house. I miss Ryo-Ohki-chan."

Funaho continued, "I, however, did not forget Christmas, but I was vexed
with the question of what does one get the ruler of the known universe?"
She paused for effect.

"And?" Tenchi asked, curious in spite of his shame at forgetting.

"You gave me the idea just now." Funaho adopted a serious tone. "Ladies,
attend me!" They moved to the far side of the room and went into a
huddle, and Tenchi took the opportunity to appreciate the bare bottoms
of his wives. A burst of giggling erupted followed by a chorus of
"hai's" and one drawn-out "kawaii".

The ladies broke and moved back to the bed. Tenchi's wives settled to
either side of him and gave him a big hug. Suspicious, he looked from
face to face. "All right! What are you four up to?"

Funaho graced him with a dazzling smile. "Tenchi-chan, Achika-chan can
never be replaced in your heart - that is a given. But Misaki and I
would very much like for you to consider us as, at the very least,
foster mothers." Tenchi was dumbfounded. Funaho put on a kawaii face
reminiscent of the best Misaki or Washu and said, "Ne, Tenchi-chan! Call
us... OKAACHAN!" Tenchi face-faulted hard amidst gales of laughter and
not a few tears.

Once he had regained his composure, Tenchi bowed low from his sitting
position in the bed. When he straightened, tears were beginning to
gather is his eyes, as well. "Domo arigato gozaimashita. You have no
idea how much this means to me." He eyed the two older women.
"Funaho-okaachan." Pause. "Misaki-okaachan."

Misaki's eyes got even more kawaii and watery, and she looked like she
was about to plow into him again. Funaho laid a hand on her shoulder.
"Anata, I think we've abused the poor boy enough for one day. We need to
leave something of him for his wives, ne?"

Misaki just nodded her head, still watering the floor. "My first son,"
she warbled.

"Does this mean I get to call grandpa oniichan?" Tenchi deadpanned.

Funaho raised an eyebrow. "I wouldn't worry about Yosho. He has enough
problems of his own, right now."

"Oh?"

"As you know, when Tsunami-sama's and Sasami-chan's physical
assimilation was complete, Yosho's disguise faded off and stopped
working. While you three were gone on your honeymoon, Aeka finally
forgave him... on the condition that he marries her. He backpedaled, of
course, but she and Ryoko are teaming up against him. I expect he'll
have a set of co-wives before all is said and done." Funaho sniffed and
affected a hurt look. "Mothers shouldn't have boys. They move out,
choose girls over their mothers, and don't visit for 700 years."

"Daijobu, Funaho-okaachan." Tenchi scowled. "As emperor, I'll order him
to come visit you at least once a year." Funaho beamed.

"Masaka!" Tenchi shook his head. "Aeka and Ryoko working together!
Jichan doesn't stand a chance."

Misaki squealed, "I know! Isn't it great? Our children will be all grown
up and married. Ne, Oneesama?"

"Hai! But there is another matter that needs addressing before I forget.
I spoke with Washu last night, and among other matters she asked if the
Holy Council would mind a momentary suspension of the agreement with her
concerning the, um, 'creation' of Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki. Knowing the
council's mind on the matter, I agreed with full confidence. As a
wedding present, Sasami-chan, Washu is creating an ohki for you... an
ohki for Kiyone-chan... and one for Tenchi-chan."

Tenchi and Kiyone were speechless, but Sasami glowed with anticipation.
"My very own ohki?" she eeped.

"Hai! Washu said you three would have to come to Earth for scans before
she could start in earnest and then again with your personal tree-ships
when it was time to set the telepathic links. She thinks a three-way
link is possible, although in your case, Sasami-chan, I suppose it would
be redundant."

"True," Sasami agreed. "I AM my ship, after a fashion."

"Wow!" "Sugoi!" Tenchi and Kiyone found their voices at last, in awe of
the significance of the gift.

"I know how much you all miss sweet Ryo-Ohki-chan, especially
Sasami-chan," Funaho said. "That reminds me. How are you two doing in
there, Sasami-chan? Tsunami-sama?"

Sasami's eyes shifted, abruptly acquiring endless depth and ageless
wisdom. "We are fine," Tsunami intoned. "Thank you for asking,
Funaho-dono. The merging of our personalities should be complete within
the year." She noticed Tenchi's pensive look and her face grew soft.
"Anata, don't worry. We both love you and Oneechan. That won't change,
now or ever. Besides, I could never leave you, now."

Tenchi looked at her curiously. "Why is that?"

Tsunami blushed and hesitated. "Well, I haven't imparted this to Sasami,
yet, as I wanted to wait until the honeymoon was over, but we are...
with child...," the women squealed, "...twin girls, in fact."

The women screamed and rushed to hug Tsunami/Sasami. Tenchi just gaped
at the spectacle.

"Twins are rare among Juraians," Funaho explained for Tenchi's benefit.
"When they do occur, it is a blessed event. The people will consider
this an auspicious start to your rule."

"MY BABY GIRL!!" Misaki wailed.

When she caught her breath, Tsunami laughed and said, "Don't spend all
your joy on me. I'm not the only one expecting." She looked pointedly at
Kiyone.

Tenchi fainted, and Kiyone looked at Tsunami with wide eyes. "How do you
know? I haven't noticed any signs."

Tsunami smirked. "Being a higher-level dimensional being has its perks."
Kiyone was stunned. "Do you want to know what it is?"

Kiyone fidgeted for a moment and then nodded her head. Tenchi struggled
to awareness only to hear Tsunami say, "You're going to have a darling,
teal-haired boy." Kiyone screamed. Misaki screamed. Funaho beamed,
again, and said with much satisfaction, "Twins AND an heir! Indeed, an
auspicious time for us all."

Tenchi was out, again, for the count, but hugs, kisses, and
congratulations went all around.

"Before I retire to my corner," Tsunami grinned, "I want all of you and
Sasami-chan to know that you should be very proud. The Jurai power runs
amazingly strong in these children, even at this early stage - they are
literally aglow with it. It is yet another good omen for the future."
Tsunami faded from her eyes. Sasami jumped over and hugged Kiyone.
"Kiyone-oneechan! Anata! We're having babies!" she screeched. Both women
were in tears, hugging each other.

Misaki looked at the unconscious Tenchi. "Should we wake him?"

"It might be better to let him sleep it off," Funaho giggled. "I think
he's suffering from an overdose of presents."

For not the last Christmas, the Masaki bedroom rang to peals of female
laughter, snug in the warmth of love.

____________________

Happy Holidays, all.
