This is a Tenchi Muyo Hentai/Lemon Fanfic of the wildest 
type!
This is DEFENTLY not for children!
Wait a sec.....if u were a child any way..
YOU PROBABLY WOULDNT UNDERSTAND
THIS AT ALL SO WHY IS THERE A 
"WARNING" IN THE FIRST PLACE???
------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------
Part 2 of the "No Need For Virgins" Lemon fan/fic series.
                         *Innocent No More*
                        By: AncientYUME
               Featuring Tenchi and Ayeka!

   The night rolled in as the sun went down behind the hilly 
mountains.The Masaki home fell victim to the echoes and 
sounds of the night. Bugs chirped and whistled outside 
Tenchi's window. 
   Tenchi was resting on his bed, starring at the ceiling, 
thinking of what happened earlier that day. When everyone 
left the house and he and Sasami were alone together. He 
couldn't bring himself to believe what he did. It was all a 
blur, a mer moment of pleasure quickly faiding away from 
him. Sasami's panting and moaning still rang in his ears. He 
imagined her on the table, nude underneath him. 
  Then he remembered when the others came home. When Ayeka 
and Grandfather came home from the store. He gasped at the 
thought again. How Ayeka almost saw him, nude with her 
sister, on the table, and in a sexual pose. He then thought 
of when he quickly picked up all the cloths and carried 
Sasami into the back room, where they quickly got dressed, 
and darted upstairs. Fearing to face the others.
  The thoughts excited him. His cock grew harder ever 
second.

*Whats wrong with me!* He thought *I....I can't possibly 
wanna do it again?*

  The more he though about it, the more he couldn't resist. 
Yes, he wanted it again, and he wanted it bad. His body 
desired more pleasure, and he couldn't control it. He stood 
up in his bed, and he looked at his bedroom door.

*What am I to do? Should I go....go an ask Sasa.....No! I 
can't do that to her again.* His mind raced on.

    He stood up and rubbed his head, his eyes half open, and 
still locked upon his bedroom door. Then, he made up his 
mind. He was going...going for a drink of water. He slowly 
walked toward his door. He then gripped the handle, turning 
it slowly. Tenchi opened the door and aimlessly stepped out 
into the hallway. When he turned and looked down the 
stairway, Ayeka was looking back at him with great surprise.

"Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka whispered, "What are you doing up so 
late at night?"

"Ayeka, what a surprise to see you here." Tenchi smiled. "I 
was getting some water." He giggled and rubbed his head.

"Water?",Ayeka said softly, " On, Lord Tenchi I can get you 
some water! Go back in your room now."

"Uhhh ok Miss Ayeka?', Tenchi said dumbfoundly.

  So he slowly turned and reentered his room. He approached 
his bed and sat down upon it.

"Wow, I didn't expect to see lady Ayeka out there. What a 
real coensedence." Tenchi said to himself.

  Without warning Ayeka stormed into his room holding a 
small glass of water. She was wearing a silk night kimono. 
She didn't appear to be wearing any undergarments at all. 
She closed the door and slowly walked over to Tenchi, bent 
down in front of him, and gave him the water. Tenchi then 
excepted the water, smiling, while then suddenly catching a 
glimpse of Ayeka cleavage. She smiled at him as he drank the 
water.

*A damn, no, i can't.......*He thought.

  Tenchi then finished the water and put the glass down the 
floor.

"Thank you Ayeka." Tenchi whispered.

"Your Welcome lord Ten...."She was cut short, when Tenchi 
forced a kiss upon her.

Her eyes opened wide with surprise, but she didn't resist 
him as he put his arms around her. She allowed her self to 
fall upon him. She knew, she had always wanted Tenchi to 
kiss her, to love her. Now this was her chance; Ryoko was 
gone and she was alone with Tenchi. He then brought her on 
top of him on the bed. Their kiss became more passionate, 
and required more motion. 
  Tenchi then began to move his tongue into Ayeka's mouth. 
She quickly caught on and did the same. Their hands wandered 
all over each other. Tenchi began to cup her firm, round 
breasts. He rubbed them and played with them while they were 
under the kimono. Tenchi then began to feel around them, 
trying to get under the kimono. He found the edges and he 
grassed them; pulling the kimono away from her chest. The 
kimono pulled over her breasts. Tenchi couldn't fully remove 
it, for Ayeka still had the kimono tied. So the edges of the 
kimono were held in place by Ayeka's hard nipples.
  Ayeka broke their passionate kiss as she moaned with 
delight. Tenchi, unable to hold himself back any longer, 
rolls Ayeka over. Tenchi was now over her. Ayeka was 
underneath him, her breasts firm and visible. He untied her 
kimono and lifted it over her legs. He revealed Ayeka's 
shaven cunt. 

*She didn't wear undergarments after all* He thought.

  Ayeka blushed and looked away. Tenchi then took off all 
his clothes. Ayeka was filled with surprise when she saw 
Tenchi pull out his hard cock.

*Oh my God! What's he doing......I..* Her mind raced.

   Spareing no time, Tenchi opened Ayeka's legs. He placed 
him member before Ayeka's love tunnel.
Tenchi then began to enter her.

"No Tenchi! Not...No!"Ayeka screamed.

  Tenchi failed to notice her cries as his cock drove into 
her tight pussy. Ayeka squealed with pain, and Braced her 
hands on Tenchi waste as he continued to drive deep into 
her. His hot cock filled her. Tenchi grabbed her right foot 
with his left hands and held her left leg firm in a pose 
with his other hand. The sudden pain over took Ayeka, and 
she gasped for breath. Tenchi was moving very quickly, 
giving her no time to react to his actions. All she could do 
now was go along with him.
  Tenchi paused when his cock was all in her. He glanced 
down at Ayeka and grinned. His sexual actions appear to 
resemble rape than love. This was the first sign, the first 
sign that Tenchi loosing his mind; to sex.
He then began to move in and out of her slowly. Ayeka 
panting lightly with ever drive. She still griped tightly 
upon Tenchi's waste. His long cock slowly pumping in and out 
of her virgin love tunnel. Her muscles squeezed the hot 
member on every entry. Tenchi then let go of her legs and he 
gripped each side of her waste. Forcing Ayeka to take hold 
of his muscular arms.
  He began to speed up the pace. Without warning he began to 
pump into Ayeka hard and fast. Her panting grew louder. Her 
large breasts began to sway back and forth within the 
kimono. Love sweet love juice flowed from her like a river 
as her body convulsed. Her back arched and she squealed with 
pleasure. Unwilling to slow his pace, Tenchi let go of 
Ayeka's waste and laid down on top of her. Placing his hands 
to by her side. Her legs rose up and locked and locked 
around him, then she threw her arms around him and drew him 
close to her. Her hard nipples pressed up against his chest 
as he rested on her firm breasts. Tenchi and Ayeka were face 
to face now. He was glaring down at her, his face was firm 
and almost heartless.
  Ayeka slowly opened her eyes to see her lovers face, and 
she was surprised to how he was looking back. She would have 
spoken but her pants over whelmed her. Sweet began to form 
on their bodies. Their hot breath blew into each other's 
faces. He then laid his head down beside her on the bed, 
still driving into her with great force.
  Tenchi began to slow. Ayeka felt his hands move under her 
back. Suddenly Tenchi stopped driving into her, and he 
lifted her. Ayeka cooperated as he began to roll over. She 
rolled onto his chest. Now she was on top of him, Tenchi's 
hot cock still pulsing inside her love tunnel. She quickly 
placed her hands on his stomach, and began to ride him. 
Tenchi laid there, looking up Ayeka now doing all he fucking 
on her own. He never expected her to enjoy his sudden push 
onto her, but because of her great love for him. She didn't 
resist.
Ayeka bounced on him quickly and with great force. He 
panting, mixed with squeals of pleasure and sudden shocks of 
pain, grew louder and louder with ever entry of his cock. 
Tenchi reached up and began to untie her sash. Soon after 
the kimono fell away. Ayeka's breasts were bouncing up and 
down, and he couldn't resist them. He took hold of them with 
each hand and he began to squeeze and play. Grabbing her 
nipples, twisting them, gripping her round breasts with 
great force.
  Pleasure over whelmed Tenchi as they fucked. He rushed 
through him like a drug. It gave him a mind numbing high. 
His hands wandered down to Ayeka's waste and he began to aid 
Ayeka with her bouncing. She pushed down harder and harder 
on Tenchi's stomach with every thrust of his cock.
  Then Tenchi began to sit up. Forcing Ayeka to sit on his 
lap. She threw her arms around him once more. His hands 
still aiding Ayeka as she bounced. She continued to ride 
him. Suddenly, Tenchi felt it once more. His cock began to 
swell and buckle. His teeth locked, his face stiffened. He 
tried with all of his might to prevent the unpreventable. 
Tenchi struggled to get Ayeka to stop or slow.  Her climax 
was near, she would not, and she was too caught up in 
pleasure to notice. Realizing it was too late he forced 
Ayeka down onto his cock and it shot up in her love tunnel. 
That sudden amount of pleasure forced Tenchi to lower his 
defenses. A few seconds later Tenchi shot his loud of hot 
cum up into her wet love tunnel. Ayeka cried with pleasure 
as wave after wave of cum ejected deep into her.
  Ayeka appeared to faint as she fell upon Tenchi and forced 
him down onto the bed. Her naked body laid on top of him, he 
snapped back into reality and gently pushed her off of him. 
She fell onto the bed beside him. He rubbed his head and 
looked upon Ayeka sleeping soundly next to him. Sitting up, 
he foiled with the blankets and freed them out from under 
her. He stood up out of the bed and threw the blanket over 
Ayeka, and tucked her in. He knelt down and kissed her on 
the check. Turning toward the door, he scrambled to find his 
clothes. He quickly put them on and headed for the door. 
Before he left the room, he looked back at Ayeka and felt a 
sudden impulse of shame and displeasure. He has just 
realized what he had just done. He took something from her 
that should have been taken on a better occasion. 
  He turned, sighed, and closed the door behind him.

                                                                              
To be continued...
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------
  Next time: Part 3! "The Day of the Carnival!" The 
exciting, heart pounding, next episode of "No Need For 
Virgins" *Who's Tenchi's next victim of love as his mind 
slowly faids away! Could it be "Mihoshi?"*

    

