This is a Tenchi Muyo Hentai/Lemon Fanfic of the wildest 
type!
This is DEFENITLY not for children!
Wait a sec.....if u were a child any way..
YOU PROBABLY WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND
THIS AT ALL SO WHY IS THERE A 
"WARNING" IN THE FIRST PLACE???
------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------
Part 3 of the "No Need For Virgins" Lemon fan/fic series.
                  *The Day of the Carnival!*
                        By: AncientYUME
               Featuring Tenchi and Mihoshi!

  The sounds of the forest insects and other odd echoes 
rolled through the cool breeze of the early morning. The 
eastern sky glowed with a brilliant pink, hugging the 
horizon. Light ran across the tips of the hill like 
mountains and stretched outward. Then a blinding light over 
took the horizon and moved over the land. As the light 
faded, the image of the sun began to rise over the 
mountains. Tenchi was lost in thought as he starred at the 
spectacular site. He sat on the roof of the Masaki 
Household, quiet and alone. He thought of what had happed 
yesterday. 
  He couldn't stop believing it was all a dream, but the 
reality loomed in the back of his mind. Haunting his every 
thought of the two girls. He looked up into the sky, and 
laid back across the roof. The sky was filled with an array 
of colors; pick, orange, blue. The colors of a cool morning 
welcoming the warmth of the sun. 
  He couldn't escape it; he knew what he had done. He knew 
he had finally had sex. Had sex with Ayeka, and 
unforgettably Sasami. He never would have expected that he 
would enter a body so young and fragile. It felt as if he 
had committed an unforgivable sin upon the household. He 
knew that things were going to get worse. He felt it.
  The night before he lost all control of himself, and 
basically forced Ayeka into sex. He feared this might happen 
again. Then he imagined Ryoko. How would Ryoko respond to 
his behavior!?
  *The Image of Ryoko in a tight leather outfit and whip, 
forcing dominance of his acts. He imagined her ordering him 
to do unbelievable acts, and he would be enjoying himself. 
Then the image of time passes. He saw himself as a sex slave 
to every single girl in that household, and each and every 
one would be married to him.*
  With that horrible image, Tenchi screamed in panic! He 
didn't want those things to happen. He tightened his fist 
and stood up upon the roof. He faces full of sheer 
determination and goal.

  "I swear, for this day forward," Tenchi spoke boldly to 
himself, "I will never have sex again!"

   At that very second, the sound of a faint whistling. 
Tenchi was caught of guard by the sound, and he looked all 
over for it. The sound grew louder. He was franticly looking 
over the landscape, desperately trying to find the source of 
the sound. Then, it hit him. He had herd this sound numerous 
times before. Sweet began to force on his head and he began 
to shake with fear. He slowly looked up into the sky and saw 
it. It was Mihoshi's Galaxy Police ship, plummeting toward 
the house. The advanced with great speed. Tenchi only had a 
few more seconds to react. He panicked and looked around for 
some place to hide, a bush, rock, bomb shelter, Anything! 
Realizing finally there was no were to run. He looked up. 
*gulp*
  The ship crash-landed into the Water. A huge white slash 
of water towered high into the air. Tenchi screamed as the 
slash rushed toward the shore, giving no reaction time what 
so ever. Suddenly a huge wave rolled out of the water and 
overwhelmed the Makaski Home. Tenchi was pushed back off the 
roof by the huge wave. Water hid the house for only a few 
seconds. Then, the trouble was over as quickly as it came. 
Tenchi found himself hanging upside-down in a tree. His 
clothes were soaking wet. He was slightly dazed. He shook 
himself out of it and cut himself down out of the tree. 
  As he stood on the ground, he realized his head hurt. 
Before he knew he it, he had collapsed onto the ground. 
Everything went black.

  When he finally awoke, he found himself on the coach 
inside. A blanket covered him and a warm cloth covered his 
forehead. A cool constant breeze blew over his face.

"Your finally awake Tenchi!" A young voice spoke to him.

  The voice startled him; he quickly turned to see who it 
was. It was Sasami, smiled sweetly next to him. She was 
fanning cool air onto his face.

"Thank you Sasami." Tenchi grumbled.

   She smiled and nodded.

"Oh, Tenchi I'm so sorry!!!" Screamed Mihoshi as she ran 
into the room.

  Tenchi's eyes opened wide as Mihoshi stormed out of the 
other room, and rushed toward him. He arms were thrown out 
before her as she ran, she appeared ready to embrace him 
within her arms. Suddenly she tripped just before she could 
reach the edge of the coach, and she flew forward. Her knees 
bumped the edge of the coach and her body flew forward. They 
all screamed as she plummeted toward the weak Tenchi, lying 
helpless on the coach below her. She crashed on top of him. 
Tenchi's face suddenly turned red with pain, as the air was 
knocked clean out of him.

"Mihoshi!" Sasami gasped with surprise.

  Mihoshi was weeping, and beating on Tenchi's chest. She 
was too upset to notice Tenchi was in pain. She hugged him 
and buried her face into his shoulder. She continually 
repeated "I'm sorry" as she cried. She was squeezing him so 
hard she was nearly crushing him. He large breasts were 
squeezing up against his body. Tenchi was in too much pain 
to notice. Then Sasami finally managed to pry Mihoshi off of 
Tenchi.
  Tenchi inhaled a large amount of air, trying to make up 
for the precious oxygen he lost from Mihoshi's bear hug. 

"Its ok...Mihoshi....I..forgive you." Tenchi muttered as his 
air returned to him.

  He face lit up with joy to hear Tenchi say that. She 
thought he would definitely hate her for what she had done 
to him. She clapped her hands together and she began to jump 
up and down with glee. She resembled a child, getting a gift 
on Christmas day. Tenchi slowly stood up, rubbing his, and 
trying to keep a full smile. His lip twitched as he smiled, 
for the pain was still present. Now Mihoshi was too excited 
to notice Tenchi. Shaking it off, Tenchi slowly walked 
toward his room.

"I'm going to take a bath." He muttered, almost taking to 
himself.
           
                                                                                         
***
  Tenchi slid open the door of the bathing area. He slowly 
walked in, towel around his waste and over his shoulder. 
Warm mist filled the large area. He looked over the waters 
of the bathing area. Small hot water fountains and 
waterfalls lay scattered through out the large floating hot 
spring. He grins and approaches the water. Nearing the edge 
of the tile walkway, he kneels down and lowers his right 
hand into the water. He feels around abit and allows the 
warm water to tingle over his skin. Shortly afterward he 
throws off his towels and climbs into the water.

"Ahhh." Tenchi softly bellowed as he felt the refreshing 
water surrounded him.

He laid back and rested his arms on the tile while he sat in 
the spring. He lowered his head and closed his eyes. He took 
in as much time as he could to finally relax. Sasami, Ayeka, 
and Mihoshi were back at home. Ryoke, Ryo-ohki, Minagi, and 
Washu were far away in space somewhere. 

"Peace at last, no more worries about se...." Tenchi began 
to whisper to himself but he was cut short.
  
  His peaceful world was shattered by the sound of a voice 
coming from across the pool. Tenchi quickly sank into the 
water. The mist began to clear and the cause of his 
disturbance was clear. Mihoshi was undressing on the 
opposite side of the large pool. She was continuously 
humming and "La-La-Laing " as she undressed. He saw her 
slowly take her pink shirt off. As she lifted it over her 
breasts, the bounced up and down as they were freed from it. 
Tenchi began to buckle and sweet. He dispiritedly tried to 
fight his earges to move in closer to her. He knew it would 
lead to him forcing her to have sex with him. So he just sat 
there and watched her.
  She unbuttoned her shorts and slid them down her long 
light brown legs, and kicks them away. She reached back 
behind her and unlocked her bra. Removing the straps from 
her shoulders she allowed the black bra to fall to the tile 
floor. Her huge breasts stood firm and bold. They were the 
biggest Tenchi has ever seen. Her large dark brown nipples 
seemed very welcoming to Tenchi. She reached down and 
removed her black cotton panties and revealed her mound. 
  Tenchi desperately tried to look away, but Mihoshi's 
perfect and extremely sexy body locked his eyes in place 
like glue. Tenchi began to drool, his nose began to bleed, 
and his face was flushed. Mihoshi slowly got into the hot 
spring, dragging with her a large brown tug. She placed the 
tug in the water and reached into it. She took out a small 
white dish and a bottle. She smiled fully as she poured the 
substance in the bottle onto the little dish. Briefly 
stooping her humming, she engulfed the liquid. Soon after, 
she began to hum again. She appeared to be drinking Sokki.
  Now Tenchi was turned on. His cock grew stiffer and 
stiffer in the warm water. He watched as Mihoshi began to 
bath her self and become drunk. She poured some more Sokki 
into the dish and placed the bottle on the tile. She lifted 
the dish with her right hand. She began to rub her huge 
breasts with her left hand. As if washing them without soap. 
Then she drank the liquid once more. Tenchi watch her for 
countless minutes. He saw her drink bottle after bottle of 
the alcoholic substance.
  As she emptied another bottle, she looked into it and 
shook it around. She then threw it aside and looked into her 
tub. She reached it and felt that everything inside was 
empty. She sighed and sat back down into the water. She thus 
continued to rub her breasts. She began to moan as she 
rubbed them harder and harder. With her right hand she 
reached down under the water. She wandered in-between her 
legs and she began to rub her Clint. Then she drove in three 
digits deep into her cunt, and began to masturbate. She 
continued to moan with pleasure as she fucked herself with 
her fingers.  She spreads open her legs and began to drive 
her fingers in and out of her faster and faster. She began 
to pant loudly. She lifted her left tit close to her mouth, 
and she began to suck on her left nipple.
  She felt someone grabs her right breast, but she was too 
drunk to care. Tenchi had lost his battle with his earges 
and now he was grasping Mihoshi's large right breast. He 
approached her and silenced her panting with a passionate 
kiss. Tenchi then released her breast and reach down between 
her legs. He stopped her masturbation and pulled out her 
fingers. He then drove three fingers deep into her hot 
pussy. Her muscles tightened around his fingers as her drove 
into her. She then threw her arms around him and embraced 
him.
Tenchi broke their kiss and began to rub his tongue against 
hers and they began to play with each other's tongues. 
Tenchi then removed his fingers from her and he stood up out 
of the water. Mihoshi's eyes grew wide as she saw his huge 
hard cock. He sat down on the tile; his legs still in the 
water. She moved in front of him. She starred at his cock, 
speechless. Tenchi lowered his hands onto her shoulders and 
he pulled her close to his cock. She was right in front of 
it now. She grasped it with her right hand and she opened 
her mouth. Closing her eyes she began to take the cock into 
her mouth. Her lips flowed over its head and her tongue 
played with it as it entered her.
  Tenchi was overcome with pleasure as she moved his cock in 
and out of her mouth while jacking it off. She sucked it 
hard and slow. Sometimes pausing to lick the head once or 
twice. Tenchi grabbed her head and laid back onto the tile, 
looking up at the glass barrier surrounding the hot spring. 
Mihoshi began to suck faster and faster. Tenchi began to 
moan with delight as sucked. She continued to suck, it 
seemed like hours to Tenchi. The pleasure overwhelmed him.
Tenchi then stood up and ran his hands throw her hair as she 
sucked. Suddenly, Tenchi had an idea. He forced Mihoshi to 
stop sucking by grasping her head. She protested as she 
released his hot cock from her mouth. He then placed his 
hands under her shoulders and he lifter her up out of the 
water a bit. He raised her slightly over his cock. Then he 
lowered her once more. Resting her breasts between his cock. 
He then grabbed her hands and made her squeeze her tits 
around his cock. She quickly caught on and she began to lift 
herself up and down around his cock. Every time his cock 
would rise up through her breasts she would lick it. She 
began to titty fuck him. Her large breasts surrounded his 
cock as she squeezed them up and down his shaft. She moved 
up and down faster and faster. Tenchi could feel his cock 
fill and swell. He grabbed her head and moaned. She 
continued to titty fuck him. They were panting as one. Then 
Tenchi buckled; he was going to cum. He gripped her head as 
his cock exploded hot white cum onto her face.
  Tenchi bit his lip as his cock shot out stream after 
stream of cum onto her. Mihoshi opened her mouth 
And swallowed as much she could. Mihoshi slowly slid back 
into the water, exhausted. She submerged under the water and 
clean the cum off her face. Tenchi also lowered himself into 
the Hot Springs water once more. Mihoshi emerged from the 
water and put her arms around Tenchi. She drew herself close 
to him, and got on top of him. She reaches down under the 
water and grabbed Tenchi's cock, and squeezed it. She 
lowered herself onto it and slid into her. Tenchi put his 
hands on her waste and forced her down onto his cock. 
Mihoshi screamed with pain as it ripped into her.
  Tenchi felt the warm water enter her as he began to thrust 
his cock in and out of her. Mihoshi gripped the tile and 
road on Tenchi in the Water. Tenchi sat on the tile step 
underwater and supported both their motions. He rose his 
hands up her slowly. Running his fingers around her every 
curve, and rolling over her soft flesh while she bounced 
slowly on him. She was already panting aloud. She quickly 
exhaled with every drive of Tenchi's cock.
  Tenchi began to squeeze her huge bouncing breasts. She 
gasped as he touched her sensitive skin. He gripped her 
sides and lowered her down closer to him. Bracing her feet 
on the tile step that Tenchi rests on she moves her body 
slowly up and down his own. He engulfs one of Mihoshi's 
large dark nipples and begins to suck like a starving babe. 
Mihoshi began to move faster and faster. She wanted his cock 
in her deeper, and faster than before. The water splashed 
with every thrust of Tenchi's cock. They fucked hard in the 
hot waters; sweet covered their bodies.
  Pleasure ran through their bodies. They were both 
undergoing a supernatural high. They panted and moaned with 
delight. Tenchi licked all around her nipple and grasped 
Mihoshi's waste and aided her to to slow her pace. He 
removed his cock from her and he lifted her off of him, 
allowing him to stand. He stood up in the water and moved 
behind her. Placing his hands on her shoulders, he lowered 
her down to the tile floor. Her was half summered in water 
when she braced herself up by her elbows on the tiling. 
Tenchi grabbed her waste and entered her. She gasped as he 
drove his cock all the way inside her.
  He began to fuck her from behind. Leaning forward he 
grabbed her huge breasts and squeezed them. Then he began to 
quickly pump into her. Tenchi drove his hot cock into her 
fast and deep. Water splashed as their skin slapped 
together. Their faces tightened, and their voices rumbled. 
Tenchi felt his cock swell sooner than he expected and 
Mihoshi felt Tenchi's cock pulse in her, and she felt her 
climax was coming. Tenchi pumped faster and faster into her. 
Suddenly his cock buckled once again, and he began to 
squeeze Mihoshi's breasts tighter and tighter as his climax 
neared. Then Mihoshi squealed with delight as love juices 
explodes from her. She was cumming. The sudden ejection of 
love juice squeezed Tenchi's cock and forced him to release 
his hold. Cum shot up into her love tunnel. They suddenly 
lost themselves in pleasure. It was the best thing Tenchi 
had ever felt. To Tenchi this was the true joy of sex.
                                                                                              
***

                                                                              
To be continued...
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------
  Next time: Part 4! "Doctor's Orders!" The exciting, heart 
pounding, next episode of "No Need For Virgins" *Who's 
Tenchi's next victim of love as his mind slowly faids away! 
Could it be "Washu?"*

