This is a Tenchi Muyo Hentai/Lemon Fanfic of the wildest 
type!
This is DEFENTLY not for children!
Wait a sec..... If u were a child any way.
YOU PROBABLY WOULDNT UNDERSTAND
THIS AT ALL SO WHY IS THERE A 
"WARNING" IN THE FIRST PLACE???
------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------
Part 1 of the "No Need For Virgins" Lemon fan/fic series.
                         *Virgins No More*
                        By: AncientYUME
               Featuring Tenchi and Sasami!
  

   The sun rose once morning upon the Masaki Home. The sharp 
beams of light glared through the windows of the eastern 
side of the household. Tenchi was awoken by the light as a 
little beamed through his curtains. He refused to open his 
eyes and come to accept he had awoken from his dream. This 
dream had been like no other, he imagined Ryoko and Ayeka 
fighting, yes that seems normal but.... He also made love to 
them later in the same dream. A threesome, and what a burst 
of pleasure he had. He had never felt such pleasure before. 
He never could have imagined actually having sex with them, 
both at the same time!! He did though; he imagined it all 
night, and it left him wet. For it was his first wet dream.
  He opened his eyes. The sun blinded him, for his eyes 
failed to adjust in time!

*Wow, what a dream. I never thought i would ever even think 
such a deed* Tenchi thought to himself.
 He rubbed his head and pulled off the covers. His pants 
warm and wet.

*Damn, i got to shower now*
So he stood up and grabbed a few clothes and headed off the 
shower, still trying to grasp the quickly fading dream of 
the joy of sex!

 Sasami was hard at work making a light breakfast! She was 
humming as she went along; steering batter, rolling dow, and 
chopping fruit. Tenchi came down the stairway and smelt the 
aroma of Sasami's typical handy work. He was shower robe and 
he was drying his hair with a towel.

"Oh Tenchi good morning!" Sasami shouted with glee as she 
saw Tenchi heading into the kitchen.

"Oh, good morning Sasami. I didn't see you there. "He 
replied (STILL thinking about he dream and how hard it made 
him now.)

  Sasami hopped off her little stool and approached Tenchi 
as he went to the table. She had her hands behind her back. 
Her face was bright and tender, and she had wonderful little 
smile across it. Tenchi sat down on the pillow and crossed 
his legs.

"Hmm i can't wait to see what you made Little Sasami!" 
Tenchi laughed as he saw her coming toward him.

"Here u go Tenchi!" She said softly as she revealed the 
plate behind her back.

"Wow Sasami! It looks wonderful, Pancakes, muffins, and 
chopped fruit!" He exclaimed.

  She gently put the plate down in front of him and he dug 
in. She sat down next to him and placed a plate before 
herself. She grabbed some chopsticks and began to eat-up the 
wonderful meal. About this time, it finally accrued to 
Tenchi, Where is everyone else!
 
"Hey Sasami, where is everybody?" He asked her as she just 
stuffed a large amount of food in her mouth. She struggled 
to swallow quickly so she could answer.

"Oh yeah! Let me see now." She said gently, "Ryoko and Ryo-
ohki went with Mihoshi---"

"Why?" Tenchi asked suddenly, accidentally cutting her off.

"They went to go help Minagi and Washu fix Minagi's 
Spaceship, and Ayeka, Father, and GrandFather went into to 
town to buy some things. They should all be back later this 
evening." She said.

"So we're here, just you and me?" he asked uncalmly.
*I would think Ayeka or Grandfather would have woken me up!* 
He Thought.

"YUP, just you and me Tenchi!" She shouted with delight.

  They finished their meals and looked at each other.

"Wow, great meal Sasami!" Tenchi smiled.

"You really mean it!?" She shouted.

"Best you've ever made. You're a great cook but this was ju-
---" He was cut short when Sasami lunged upon him, attaching 
herself to his torso with a huge hug!

"Thank you Tenchi! I---" Sasami stopped.

  She was on his lap, with her arms still around him as she 
felt something hard within Tenchi's pants.

"UUmmm Sasami, Maybe you shou----"He failed to finish his 
sentence. When his nose began to bleed!

"Tenchi are you OK?" She sounded worried; "Your nose is 
bleeding!"

"Umm Sasami! I...I.."He stuttered.

"YOU'RE A NAUGHTY BOY TENCHI!!!!" She shouted and quickly 
stood up. Her face was red with anger.  She turned and 
started to walk away.

"SASAMI wait!" Tenchi pleaded! He stood up and advanced her, 
putting his hand on her shoulder. She looked at him.

"You're thinking naughty thoughts Tenchi!" She continued. "I 
don't like those things!" Her voice began to rise. "I'm 
goin------" She was interrupted by Tenchi's mouth covering 
her own.

*Damn, I shouldn't have done that! It was the only way i 
could get her to be stop yelling though* He thought.

  Their mouths were still locked as Sasami's yelling turned 
into whimpers.

* I have never.....never...been kissed before.* She thought 
to herself. * I should Struggle, but...but. I dont want to. 
Tenchi is.....he.....I.  I've always wanted him to kiss....*

  He quickly noticed she wasnt struggling. He put his hands 
on her shoulders so he could stay balanced while he was nelt 
down. Then the image of the dream came to mind once more. 
The vision of sex. The pleasure has never felt. With this 
image he continued to kiss Sasami, but he began to move his 
tounge into her mouth. Sasami was surprised, but she didnt 
resist.

*This may be my only chance to feel what i felt last night, 
We're alone...but..but with SASAMI!?* His mind raced!

  As she began to move her tounge into his mouth, he broke 
the kiss. He opened his eyes and looked at Sasami is 
question. She was very surprised, and she was blushing.

"Tenchi....I" She tried to speak.

"Sasami i'm sorry I did that to you., but it was my onl---" 
He was cut off.

"Dont be sorry, I enjoyed it." She said gently.

   With those words Tenchi's eyes opened wide with surprise! 
He didn't expect Sasami to say that. He also didnt expect to 
she was she did next. She advances rapidly and kissed him 
again, hugging him tightly.

*Wha?!*He thought

   She began to force her tounge into his mouth. He didnt 
resist and he began to work with her. She pressed all of her 
weight onto him. He couldn't catch his balance, so he fell 
back onto the floor, Sasami still hugging him, their lips 
still locked in the passionate kiss. She laid on top of him, 
moving her body with the motion of their mouths. Her legs 
were rubbing up against Tenchi's hard-on. This gave Tenchi 
pleasure. Pleasure he wanted to feel so much. As she 
unlocked her arms from around him and braced herself above 
him. He put his hands on her little waste.
  Time seemed to stop as their kiss went on. It grew more 
and more passionate with every thrust of tounge. Tenchi 
couldn't help himself! He wanted to feel more pleasure, much 
like his dream. So he slowly moved his hands under her 
shirt. He could feel Sasami's soft, young skin. His heart 
was pounded as his hand advancer up her stomach toward her 
chest. As his fingers touched the very edge of her bra, she 
grabbed his hands, and broke their kiss.
  She sat down on his stomach and rose her torso up. She 
forced his hands out from up under her shirt. Her face was 
flushed.

"No Tenchi, dont do that...I...." She tried to finish then 
sentence.

"Sasami, dont worry. I.... I've always wanted to do 
this..But" He couldn't quite bring himself to do it.

"Tenchi, I always wanted this too but I...oh .no!" She 
exclaimed and gasped quickly. She was surprised, she was 
didnt mean to say those things. Tears formed in her eyes, 
and she covered her face.

"Sasami..." He said softly. 

  Putting his arms on her shoulders. He brought her down 
close to his face. He gently uncovered Sasami's tear swept 
face. Brushing away her tears with his finger.

"I love you." He said to her gently.

  She smiled and closed her eyes. Tenchi lowered her head 
and met her lips to his. They began to kiss once more. He 
put his hands on her waste and slipped them under her shirt. 
She didnt resist. His hands moved up toward her chest and he 
cupped her cotton bra. He coresed her little breasts. Once 
more she grabbed his hands and she forced them out. Raising 
her self-up. Breaking their kiss. Tenchi began to speak in 
protest, but Sasami covered his mouth with her index finger.
  As she sat down upon his stomach, she grabbed the ends of 
her shirt, crossing her arms at the same time. She slowly 
lifted the little white shirt over her head. Revealing her 
small breasts covered by a thin cotton bra. She threw the 
shirt aside and put her arms behind her back. Undoing the 
bra.

*Why am I doing this? I can't control myself*She thought.

The slid the straps off her shoulders and let the bra fall 
onto Tenchi. Tenchi's eyes opened wide with surprise. He had 
never seen Sasami's breasts. They were small and 
undeveloped, but her nipples where large and brownish. He 
diverted his eyes to her face. She was blushing. 

"They're very beautiful Sasami, Thank you." He said softly

  She smiled and grabbed his hands. She brought them up to 
cup her small breasts. She gasped as his fingers touched her 
skin. He rubbed them for a little while, then he gripped her 
sides and lowered her toward him. He places her right nipple 
onto his mouth. He began to suck it and lick all around it. 
She gasped with pleasure. Tenchi played with her left breast 
with his right hand.
  Sasami gasped and moaned with pleasure. He began to bite 
on her nipple lightly. Then he quickly circled her nipple 
with the tip of his tounge, and he began suck open it. He 
placed his right hand on her waste, and he began to move her 
over his hard-on within his pants. They both moaned with 
excitement. They seemed to continue for hours until Tenchi 
finally released her hard nipple. He placed both hands on 
her waste and looked into her sweet face. She smiled at him. 
He lifted her off of him and he stood up. He brought her up 
with him. Sasami seemed Alltel confused at this point.
  He took her hand a walked toward the low table on the 
floor. He picked her up and sat her down gently on the 
table. Tenchi then took of his shirt.

"Sasami, did you like that?" he asked.

"Y...Yes Tenchi. I loved it. Can we do more?" She asked 
eagerly.

  Tenchi's cock was longing to be freed from it clothed 
prison. It boiled upon his skin and swelled within his 
pants. Tenchi moved around unconftorably.

*I Shouldn't...but...but i can't help my self!* He screamed 
within his mind.

  At that point Tenchi reached down and unbuttoned his 
pants. Then unzipping them. Sasami was shocking and 
surprised. She didnt know what to do, but she couldn't look 
away either! With a sudden moan from Tenchi he lowered his 
pants and underguards to reveal his long silky cock. 
Sasami's eyes were wide with shock. She was speechless. Her 
mind raced. She looked upon his cock, and the more she 
looked upon it. The more she couldn't resist it. Tenchi was 
embarrassed and he struggled to do something. He looked at 
Sasami's face and he went into shock., and closed his eyes.
  Then he felt Sasami's hands grab his waste. He opened his 
eyes at looked upon her. She was knelt down in front of him, 
and her eyes were locked onto his cock. Her mouth approached 
his cock, but then she stopped. Tenchi then put his hands on 
her head. He brushed her hair and looked down upon her. He 
nodded his head and she nodded back. He gently moved her 
head toward his cock and she opened her mouth wide.
  The hot member entered her wet mouth. Tenchi was frozen 
with pleasure as she took in his cock. Her tounge rubbed 
against it as it continued to proceed further into her.

*It's so hot! I never felt anything like this before!* Her 
mind raced with pleasure and embarrassment.

  Then she began to move his cock in and out her mouth. She 
closed her eyes and she slowly continued. Tenchi was moaning 
and twitching his waste. Moving it in a rotating motion, 
aiding Sasami as she sucked it. She began to pick up her 
pace; she would move it more quickly. She would almost fully 
take it out of her mouth, but she would keep the head within 
her. She circled it with her tounge and she began to suck 
more.
Tenchi was in bliss. He was finally feeling this pleasure he 
wanted so badly.
  Sasami realized she couldn't fit all of into her mouth, so 
she grasped the rest of the cock with her right hand, She 
began to quickly jack it off while she sucked faster, 
faster. Tenchi grasped her head and moaned loudly. It was a 
wonderful feeling. He couldn't stop himself. It felt so 
good. He didnt want it to ever end. She continued for 
sometime, and was enjoying herself. She could feel Tenchi's 
cock twitching and convulsing. It grew hotter and hotter as 
she quickened. Saliva was dripping from her mouth and 
Tenchi's cock. Then Tenchi felt something. Something he 
never felt before. It was his cock. It felt as if it were 
about to burst. He panicked and quickly stopped Sasami from 
sucking. Her eyes opened wide with surprise. She slowly 
removed Tenchi's cock from her mouth and she looked up at 
Tenchi, with a worried look. Tenchi appeared to be in pain. 
His face was red and covered with sweat. She released his 
member and she stood up.

"Tenchi?" She asked, trying to comfort him.

"I'm fine Sasami, I just felt something odd about to happen. 
I'm fine now." He reassured her.

"Ten..chi.." She said gently while looking into his eyes.

"Sasami...you were great. I never felt anything like it." He 
said

"You liked it!" She shouted with glee.

"I loved it." He comforted her.

  She smiled and hugged him. Tenchi returned the hug. Then 
he put his arms on her shoulders and he lowered her onto the 
table once more. He sat her down. He reached down to her 
waste and he began to undo her skirt. She didnt resist and 
she allowed him to do as he wanted. He pulled the little 
skirt and her panties off slowly. She leaned back and 
allowed him to get them down her legs. He removed them and 
threw them aside. Sasami now laid upon the table naked. 
Tenchi then put his hands onto her legs. He slowly opened 
them. He spread her legs wide and he looked down upon her 
virgin clint.

*I've never seen a girl's before!* He quickly thought to 
himself.

  He got closer to her and he looked down upon Sasami's 
face. She quickly looked away and gasped. He knelt down over 
her and he gently touches her face. He turned it to face his 
own.

"What's wrong?" He asked quietly.

"I'm.... I'm embarrassed...please dont look at.... n...me" 
She silently replied.

"How could I stop looking at you. You so beautiful Sasami. I 
love you." He gently explained as he drew closer to her.

"I...I lover you to Tenchi" She said and smiled softly.

"Are you ready?" Tenchi asked.

"Please Tenchi.... Please be gentle." She muttered, almost 
seeming to talk to herself.

"I wouldn't do it any other way my love." He said in a 
comforting voice.

  She smiled and nodded. He looked down and he placed 
himself before her little virgin clint. He then placed his 
cock at the opening. He gently rubbed her sensitive skin 
with his hard cock. She moaned. He then began to slowly 
force his member into her. She gasped as it entered her. 
Tenchi braised himself and he continued to enter her. 

*Its so tight, I dont think i can get it into her.* He 
thought.

 He then felt her barrier, panicking he forced his cock in 
swiftly. Tearing into her. She screamed with pain. Tenchi 
panicked and looked upon Sasami. 

"Ouch!" Sasami squealed, "It hurts."

"I'm sorry did ---" He tried to speak, but she cut him off.

"Its alright Tenchi. Please continue. Even though it hurts. 
-gasp- I like it." She said softly.

  So Tenchi filled her with his member. He then moved her 
legs around him. She locked her legs across his back. Then 
Tenchi began to drive into her. She would moan and gasp with 
pleasure with every thrust. Her eyes we closed and her mouth 
was open wide. She grasped Tenchi and held him tight while 
he drove in and out of her slowly.
He then began to speed up and move faster. Her clint was 
squeezing his cock and forcing it into her. He moaned with 
her.
  They continued to fuck on the table for a long time in 
that position. Tenchi's skin was slapping against hers with 
every thrust. Her moaning and breathing grew louder and they 
fucked. Sasami released Tenchi from her grasp and he stood 
over her, still driving into her faster and faster. He then 
grabbed her wastes and he forced himself into her harder.

"Oh god! -gasp-  oh -gasp- dont stop! -gasp- Harder Tenchi! 
-gasp- Deeper!" She shouted!

  He did as she asked. He pounded into her with increasing 
force. She laid on the table, he breasts swaying back and 
forth with every thrust. Finally Tenchi was feeling the 
pleasure he was searching for. He couldn't stop now. He had 
finally lost his Virginity, as his dream seemed to foretell. 
Tenchi then slowed. He unlocked Sasami's legs. He then 
released his cock from her. She laid on the table, her eyes 
closed, gasping for air. He then laid down beside her. With 
his left arm he lifted her left leg and forced his cock into 
her. He began to thrust faster than before. She braised 
herself up with her right arm and she put her left hand onto 
his head. Her heart was racing, she never fully realized 
what she was doing, but she enjoyed ever second of it.
Their bodies worked together as they continued to fuck on 
the table. Tenchi still driving his member into her faster. 
Her breasts were bouncing up and down. They were moaning 
aloud together. Blood was flowing from Sasami's pussy along 
with a river of love juice. They couldn't stop themselves at 
all. Their bodies were in a mechanical motion that was 
unstoppable. Tenchi could feel Sasami's warm, soft love 
tunnel around his stiff member.  He lost track of all time, 
this truly the best thing he has ever felt. Sasami's moans 
grew louder and louder. Tenchi realized she was nearly 
screaming. So he kissed her. Sasami opened her mouth wide, 
ready to accept Tenchi's tounge. With every thrust into her 
young body virgin body, he would slip his tounge into her 
mouth. She would quickly do the same. Sasami tightened her 
grip on Tenchi's hair as they continued to fuck on the low 
table.
  Tenchi then slowed again. He broke their passionate kiss 
and he releases his member from her tight cunt. He stood up, 
and he grabbed her waste and aided her in getting into a new 
position. She was now on her hands and knees. Tenchi then 
tightly grabbed her waste and he thrust himself into her 
once more. Sasami gasped as he drove into her farther than 
before. He began to fuck the little girl from behind. Tenchi 
gave her no time to prepare for his thrusts. He went in and 
out of her with surprising speed.

"Tenchi! Yes! ahhhh! -gasp- ummmm!" She yelled out with 
passion.

  Their skin slapped together loudly with Tenchi's every 
drive. They were covered with sweet. They were gasping for 
air with every stride. They felt their bodies growing hotter 
and hotter. They fucked on and on, it seemed almost endless. 
Tenchi and Sasami seemed to lose their minds as they fucked.  
They refused to halt this pleasure they were feeling. Then 
Tenchi felt it again. He felt his cock; it felt as if it was 
about to burst. He didnt know what was happening, but both 
Sasami and Tenchi were reaching their climax. Tenchi could 
feel something moving up through his cock. It then hit him. 
He was about to cum.

"Oh GOD -gasp- TENCHI! I'm gonna.... I'm gonna.... I'm!" 
Sasami screamed suddenly.

  Tenchi look at her, she looking back at him. Her young 
face covered with sweat and tears. She suddenly closed her 
eyes and began to moan aloud. Tenchi could feel her cunt 
tightening. Drawing him in.

"Oh TENCHI!!!!" She screams.

  Then Tenchi quickly removed his cock from her. He stood 
before her. With his hands he turned her over and looked 
upon her young naked body, covered with sweet. He then 
grasped his cock. He quickly knelt down over her. His cock 
over her mound, Tenchi could feel it coming. He tightened 
his face and continued to jack him self offer her. Then it 
happened. He tried to hold it within him, but it was no use. 
Hot white virgin cum sprayed from his cock and all over 
Sasami's young body. It shot out onto her face and her 
breasts. All over her stomach. It was done. They had finally 
felt the pleasure they longed for, and it was over.
  Tenchi looked down upon the young Sasami, and he kissed 
her.

  Tenchi softly spoke into her ear. "I love you Sasami." 
 
They lay down on the table together. Sasami was worn out. 
She could barely keep her eyes open as she constantly gasped 
for air. They fell asleep on the table together. Grasping 
each other.

  Tenchi was awoken by the sound of a grandfather clock in 
the den. He opened his eyes to see Sasami sleeping soundly, 
next to him. He listened to the clock's song. It rang twice, 
then three times. Before Tenchi realized it, it ranges six 
times. He then began to close his eyes. Suddenly he heard to 
sound of the front door opening!

                                                                              
To be continued...
------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------
  Next time: Part 2! "Innocent No More" The exciting, heart 
pounding, next episode of "No Need For Virgins"
        Who's Tenchi's next victim of love as his mind 
slowly faids away! Could it be "Ayeka?"







  
  

