No Need For Permission!

 Ryoko plopped down onto the couch with a sigh. Tenchi had already
rejected her
twice that day, and she was feeling rather depressed. She stretched out,
yawned,
and thought for a minute. Everyone else was out of the house; Tenchi was
out
training with Yosho, Sasami and Ayeka had gone for a walk, taking
Ryo-Ohki with
them, Mihoshi and Kiyone were nowhere to be found, and although Washu was
still
in the house she probably wasn't going to leave the lab anytime soon.
Ryoko was not
only depressed, she was bored.
 She laid there, wallowing in self-pity, for some time before the front
door opened
and closed. She sat up just in time to see Tenchi walking rather absently
toward his
room. He had ignored her. Sparks jumped as she growled in frustration and
leaped
to her feet.
 "Three strikes and you're out..." she muttered, a wicked plan taking
shape. Ryoko
stormed off without even glancing toward Tenchi's room.
 *  *  *  *  *
 It was late in the afternoon before Ryoko saw Tenchi again. Disturbingly
enough,
she only saw him because she had happened to walk in on him in the
bathroom. He
screamed, as usual, but Ryoko only grinned.
 "Ryoko! Get out of here!" Tenchi grumbled, zipping up his pants. "I
don't see why
you have to be such a nuisance..." Only then did Tenchi notice that one
of Ryoko's
hands was behind her back. "Say... what have you got?" he asked, suddenly
very
afraid.
 "Oh... nothing..." muttered Ryoko, still grinning. "Nothing important...
just..." She
grinned wider, drawing it out. Tenchi began to look very impatient.
Laughing evilly,
Ryoko showed Tenchi the hitherto hidden hand, opened it, and the small
orange ball
of light in her palm flew up and popped in his face! For a second, Tenchi
seemed
frozen by surprise... then it became obvious that he was just frozen.
Ryoko laughed
again and rubbed up against Tenchi's motionless frame. "Now that's more
like it...
you won't be getting away from me now..." Grinning, the wicked space
pirate locked
the bathroom door.
 Tenchi, completely paralyzed, could not speak. His body, however, quite
against his
will, was already responding to the situation. Ryoko wasted no time in
exhibiting this
reaction, throwing Tenchi to the floor with a bang as she struggled to
rid him of his
pants. He would have protested if he could.
 "Ohhh... poor Tenchi!" Ryoko cooed, cupping his erection through his
briefs.
"You're all bunched up in there, aren't you?" Without hesitating, she rid
him of his
briefs as well, then almost as an afterthought she unbuttoned and removed
his shirt.
Despite the paralysis, Tenchi's face had managed to take on a horrified
expression.
"Don't be so shocked, Tenchi!" Ryoko laughed. "Sooner or later you would
have
come to your senses, I'm sure, but when have you known me to be patient?"
Ryoko
set Tenchi against the wall like a cardboard cut-out, and stepped back to
look at
him. "Beautiful..." she whispered. Then the real fun started.
 Ryoko simply phased out of her clothing, which fell into a pile between
her feet, and
dropped on all fours in front of Tenchi. She wasted no time in taking
what she
wanted, wrapping her soft lips around the twitching head of his cock.
Tenchi was
unable to resist as her tongue ran around and around the warm tip, and he
couldn't
protest when her face slid closer to the base of his shaft. When his tip
bumped the
back of her throat, she uttered a muffled moan and licked around the
base, making
swallowing motions in the back of her throat to massage the head. Soon,
Tenchi's
cock began to twitch, and an orgasm filled Ryoko's mouth with cum, which
she
swallowed happily. She licked his shaft clean, then stood up, put her
hands on her
hips, and looked at him. His expression was still a horrified one.
 "Now, wasn't that nice?" she laughed, wiping her lower lip with her
thumb. "What
next, though...?"  By then, of course, Ryoko was very much aroused, and
her own
warm juices were moistening the insides of her thighs. The heat down
below told her
what to do next, and she rearranged Tenchi again, this time setting him
on the floor
on his back. She laughed, and straddled him, giving his face a playful
lick. "You'd
never let me do this, would you?" she whispered huskily, lowering herself
onto his
shaft. Her pussy swallowed all of Tenchi's manhood, and Ryoko let out a
soft moan.
She rocked back and forth, pressing her lower lips against the base of
his shaft so
that the tip of his cock bumped something deep inside of her. Her juices
pouring
over Tenchi's groin, Ryoko rode him for several minutes, massaging her
breasts and
moaning loudly all the while. Bobbing up and down furiously, impaling
herself on his
cock, Ryoko shrieked insanely as her climax built. When Tenchi came first
and
spurted another gout of cum up inside of her, it was too much. Ryoko came
as well,
dribbling more warm, sticky fluids onto her unwilling partner. Panting,
she stretched
forward, keeping Tenchi's cock inside of her while her breasts were
pressed against
his chest. Ryoko took a minute to catch her breath.
 "Now that was really something, wasn't it?" she whispered in his ear.
She giggled,
and slid up off of him. She stood up and looked down at him. Was his
expression a
little less horrified? Could it be...? She certainly hoped so, and smiled
at him.
"Maybe you enjoyed that, hmm? I know I did... but what to do next?" Ryoko

snapped her fingers and grinned. "I know..."
 She lowered herself back down to him, and sat down on his midsection
with a
thump. She uttered a little scream as his cock plunged past her rosebud
and deep
into her ass. She stopped a minute to catch her breath and wiggled her
ass a little on
his shaft.
 "Ooh..." she moaned, and lifted up a little, slamming back down, taking
his
throbbing cock into her tight ass again. She repeated this several times,
breathing
very heavily and occasionally uttering little cries of mixed pleasure and
pain. She bled
a little as his thickness tore her tender anus, but she didn't mind. When
Tenchi shot
another load up into her ass, the blood only mixed with a slow dribble of
cum that
pooled around his base. She paused again to catch her breath before
lifting her
stretched asshole away from his rod and looking down at him again. Sweat
poured
from all over her body and she sat down next to him, gently as her ass
still hurt a bit.
 "There..." she whispered softly... "You liked that, didn't you?"
Tenchi's face no
longer appeared horrified. Ryoko smiled. "Yeah, I thought you might..."
She kissed
him, pressing her rough tongue into his mouth to lick around his. With a
little flash,
Tenchi was reanimated, but he didn't jump up screaming as Ryoko had
expected.
Instead, he put his arms around her, and pressed his own tongue into her
mouth.
They kissed for awhile before Tenchi stood up and grinned rather
wickedly.
 "Alright, you naughty pirate... you've had your fun at my expense...
Now move that
cute little body of yours. We're taking this to my room. Afterall... it's
my turn now."

End...?

  Well, that was my very first Lemon. I hope you weren't disappointed.
^_~  At any
rate, if I get any letters from people who liked it, I'll write the
sequel. If I get letters
from people who didn't like it, I'll probably ignore them and focus on
the good
letters. Hehe. Oh yeah, almost forgot. I can be reached at
no-daichi@juno.com with... whatever. (guess that's kind of important).