Standard disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and all characters belong to Pioneer. This
story is the creation of my imagination, and therefore is in no way
connected to the continuity of the OVA or the T.V. series.

                            No Need for Tickling!

                                   part 2

                                  by Lurch7
Washu emerged from her lab after a long day's work of inventing and
experimenting. She yawned and stretched as she looked forward to spending
the rest of the evening lounging in the hot bath with her friends. Then she
noticed with annoyance the screams of laughter going on upstairs.

"Geez Laweeze!" said Washu. "Are those two still at it?"

Ayeka looked over her shoulder at Washu. She was sitting on the couch
watching TV with her sister, Sasami.

"On and off throughout the day. Just like every day for a week."

"Yeah, poor Mihoshi," said Sasami with more compassion than her sister just
displayed.

Ever since the girls gang tickled Mihoshi in the bath a week ago, Kiyone and
Ryoko have been chasing and tormenting Mihoshi with their tickling fingers.
They'd tear throught the house, Mihoshi squealing, crying, and begging as
Kiyone and Ryoko tagged close behind with sadistic gleams in their eyes.
Sometimes the tickling duo would separate in order to cut her off as the
ticklish blonde rushed desperately down a hallway. Once they caught her, one
would hold her wrists to the ground while the other would straddle and
tickle Mihoshi's armpits, ribs, belly, and sides. Locking herself in a room
from her tormentors proved useless with Ryoko's teleportation powers. The
space pirate would merely pass through the wall and tickle Mihoshi away from
the door, then she would unlock the barrier to allow Kiyone. Then, they
would have the blonde trapped and tickled.

Before now, Washu considered herself completely merciless when it came to
tickle torturing women. Indeed, her sadistic exploits within her VR Tickle
Hell had convinced her of that. However, when confronted with the real life
agony of a fellow female who suffered endless attacks by tickle sadists,
Washu couldn't help but feel sorry for her. One day of merciless tickling
was one thing. Having it go on and on indefinitely was quite another. At
meal times, Washu had seen Mihoshi shaking and sobbing as she listened to
Kiyone and Ryoko talk about the further tickle torments they will inflict on
their hapless tickle toy.

Mihoshi never got angry. If she were capable of such an emotion, just
yelling at her tormentors and responding with physical violence might compel
the detective and the space pirate to back off. But she only begged them to
stop with pleas and sobs. This only encouraged her torturers. Indeed, they
found poor Mihoshi to be too cute and ticklish to be taken seriously.

"Poor Mihoshi, indeed," Washu ageed as she listened to Mihoshi's squeals and
sobs. Washu turned to Tenchi, who was sitting next to Aeyka on the couch.
"Tenchi, you're our host. Aren't you even going to try to put a stop to
this?"

"Ahhh hahahahaha," Tenchi laughed nervously, a sweat drop appeared on the
side of his head. "I tried all right, but..." He turned around to reveal two
sets of foot marks that covered his face and the front of his willowy form.

"I thought so," Washu huffed in disgust. Tenchi was such a wuss. What the
hell did Aeyka and Ryoko see in that skinny dork anyway? Those two are so
gorgeous, they can get any guy in the universe that they wanted. And they
waste their time fawning over this human version of Kermit the Frog?!! Only
in the world of anime would women give that nerd the time of day.

No sooner than Washu finished belittling Tenchi, Mihoshi came rolling down
the stairs with Kiyone runing behind her, giggling like a madwoman. Ryoko
appeared out of thin air at the foot of the stairs and caught Mihoshi in her
tickling grasp.

"NNNNOOOOOOO!!! EEEEEEEEEKKKKKKK!!!" screamed Mihoshi as she broke from
Ryoko's grasp.

'"Get her!" yelled Kiyone as she met Ryoko at the foot of the stairs. "She's
getting away!"

Ryoko leapt forward and tackled the ticklish Mihoshi. The blonde fell face
first onto the floor as Kiyone jumped in the air and landed on her friend's
back. Once there, she proceeded to tickle Mihoshi's ribs as Ryoko straddled
the back of Mihoshi's calves and tickled her bare feet. Poor Mihoshi bucked
and writhed helplessly in her ticklish agony.

Washu walked up to the three and sternly clapped her hands. "All right, you
two. That's quite enough!"

Kiyone and Ryoko completely ignored Washu and went on tickling their hapless
victim. Looks of sadistic glee were plastered on their faces.

"AAAAAYY!!!" yelled Washu. "I SAID THAT'S ENOUGH!!!"

But the tickling duo went right on tickling as if they couldn't hear the
redhead over Mihoshi's screaming and laughing. And perhaps they couldn't .
But Washu was in no mood to accept that as an excuse.

Using her pseudo-scientific powers, she produced an energy ball with her
right hand and threw it at the two ticklers. A bright explosion sent Kiyone
and Ryoko flying through the air. Ryoko impacted face first, embedded in the
ceiling. Kiyone lay sprawled on the floor several feet away, her face and
clothes black with soot.

"Christ, Almighty!" shouted Washu. "Every day for a week you've been
torturing this poor girl! Can't you see that you're killing her?!!" Washu
indicated the quivering and giggling Mihoshi. "She's had enough, dammit!"

Kiyone just gawked. Ryoko let gravity peel her from the ceiling and drifted
down to the floor like a piece of paper.

With infinite compassion, Washu helped the sobbing, quivering Mihoshi from
the floor. "Come on, sweetie. Let's get you out of here."

Mihoshi sniffled and took Washu's hand. She got to her feet and allowed the
redhead to lead her to the lab.

"I'll make sure that those two never torture you again," Washu whispered to
Mihoshi. "And I'll make certian that you have your revenge on them as well.
And it will be sweet."

Mihoshi giggled, and it was not from her ordeal of tickle torment.

A few minutes later, Mihoshi was sitting on a doctor's bench in Washu's lab.
She was still sniffling and quivering from her ticklish ordeal from those
two tickle bullies: Kiyone and Ryoko.

Washu was in he nurse's uniform, but there were no kinky mannerisms in her
behavior this time. She held up a shot and walked towards the apprehensive
Mihoshi.

"Wh-what's that for?" stammered the shaking Mihoshi.

"It's an anti-tickling serum. It will dull all of your tickle nerves and
make you immune to tickling."

Mihoshi's quivering increased and her big blue eyes rimmed with tears.
"B-but I don't like shots!" she wined.

Washu shrugged. "Then I guess that you like tickling better." She truned to
the door. "I'll go get Kiyone and Ryoko."

"NO!!!" Mihoshi shouted, reaching out desperately. Washu hesitiated. Mihoshi
gulped and shut her eyes tight. "OK. Gimme the shot."

Washu injected the serum into Mihoshi's arm while the blonde whimpered.
Washu wiped the mark with antiseptic and placed a cute bunny rabbit band-aid
on it. "There, now that wasn't so bad, was it?"

Mihoshi shook her head, still whimpering.

"Now, why don't you get some rest here in the lab. And in the morning, I
have something I want you to do for me. Will you do it?"

Without really listening, Mihoshi nodded her head as she allowed herself to
be helped off of the bench by Washu and led to a soft bed. For the first
time in a week, Mihoshi slept soundly.

Early next morning, Mihoshi peeped out of the broom closet that served as
Washu's lab. She scanned the outside area with her big blue eyes for her
stalkers. There was no one to be seen. But experience told her that this
meant nothing. They were there all right, just waiting for her to emerge.
Before now, she would be overwhelmed with dread, but this time, she was
ready.

Slowly, she opened the door and stepped out into the hall. She shut the door
behind her and set out to run the errand that Washu sent her to do.

She was only five steps from the broom closet when she heard a demonic
sounding growl coming from behind.

"MMMMIIIIIHHHHHOOOOOOSSSHHHIII!!!" said the voice with a tone dripping with
evil playfulness.

Mihoshi spun around and saw Kiyone peering from around a corner. Only half
of her face was showing, but the blonde could tell that it was twisted with
sadistic glee of the torments she will inflict upon her. Kiyone's eyes
sparkled with mischief.

"Do you know what time it is?"

"Uh, I dunno," replied Mihoshi as if she didn't know the answer. "What?"

"IT'S TICKLE TIME!!!"

As soon as she yelled this, Ryoko leapt out of the wall and grabbed
Mihoshi's waist with her tickling hands. Meanwhile, Kiyone charged at the
blonde and attacked her ribs.

On instinct, Mihoshi squealed and clasped her arms and hands over her body.
But then, she remembered: she wasn't ticklish anymore. Indeed, she could
feel the girls' fingers rubbing against her flesh, but there was no tickling
sensations whatsoever.

Pleased, Mihoshi stood up straight and raised her arms up to the bullies'
attack, her fingers laced behind her head. Mihoshi enjoyed the confused
looks on her tormentors' faces when they realized that they were having no
effect on Mihoshi's ticklish status.

"What the hell...?" said Ryoko as she moved her fingers from Mihoshi's waist
to her armpits. "She ain't laughing!"

Kiyone's expression changed from a demonic smile to an annoyed frown as she
moved from Mihoshi's ribs to her thighs. "Yeah, what the hell, Mihoshi?"

"Nyah nyah!" said Mihoshi. "I'm not ticklish anymore. Washu saw to that."

"Aw, doggone it!" said Ryoko. "Leave it to Washu to ruin our fun!" With
that, she vanished into thin air, perhaps to flirt with Tenchi.

"Yeah, dammit!" Kiyone agreed. "That midget should mind her own damn
business." And she stormed off in a huff.

Mihoshi breathed a sigh of relief. At last, those two won't be bothering me
anymore, Mihoshi thought. And now, to the assignment Washu gave me.

And Mihoshi continued to Kiyone's room to retrieve one of Kiyone's
headbands.

Washu paced back and forth in her lab while looking at her watch. What was
taking her so long, Washu thought. Surely not even Mihoshi was too
incompetent to obtain one of her best friend's tolkens. Right when Washu
decided to go looking for her, Mihoshi walked through the door into the lab.

"Hi, Washu," said the blonde. "I got it! One of Kyone's headbands."

"Ah, good!" said Washu as she snatched it out of Mihoshi's hand. "Now for
the next step for your revenge against Kiyone." Washu walked to a corner and
pulled out a life sized doll of Kiyone.

It was so life-like, Mihoshi almost thought that it actually was Kiyone. But
upon closer inspection, she could see that it was made of soft felt rubber.
It had no clothes on and it was anatomically corect as well.

"This is a giant voodoo doll of your tickle nemeses, Mihoshi," Washu
explained. "It took me all of last night to invent. It deosn't transmit pain
very well, but tickle! It transmits that by a factor of ten!"

As the redhead spoke, she placed Kiyone's headband on the head of the doll.
"This is to establish the telepathic bond between the doll and Kiyone. All
of the tickling we inflict on the doll, will transmit to Kiyone's tickle
receptors in her brain with ten times the intensity."

Mihoshi was excited. She couldn't wait to get started. "Cool! When can we
begin!"

"Well, first let's see what our brunette friend is doing right now." Washu
summoned her mid-air keyboard and used it to conjure up a movie screen above
their heads. The screen showed the two co-conspirators what Kiyone was doing
right that instant.

Kiyone was getting ready to do some morning aerobics. She had on a pink
leotard and donned a pair of leg warmers. She was still grumbling about how
Mihoshi lost her ticklishness and now she was going to have to resume her
morning workout instead of chasing and tickling her blonde friend. Pity,
chasing and tickling Mihoshi burned off more calories than all of the
morning workouts in the world.

As she got out her boom box, Washu looked over Kiyone's leotard clad body.
Yessiree bob! There was nothing sexier than a trim woman in a leotard,
thought Washu. Especially when tickled!

Wahsu turned and splayed the giant voodoo doll in a spread eagle position
with its head pointing towards the screen. Washu was as giddy as a school
girl. "Watch this," she said to Mihoshi. And she squeezed the doll's waist.

"WHHHHOOOOOOP!" yelled Kiyone as she dropped her boom box and leapt three
feet in the air. Immediately, she turned and frantically scanned the room.
"What the hell..." she exclaimed.

Washu and Mihoshi snickered devilishly. "Wow! Let me try!" said Mihoshi as
she squeezed the doll's thighs.

"YYYYEEEEEEE HEEHEEHEEHEEHEE!!!" Kiyone squealed as she fell to the floor,
clutching her thighs. Then, Kiyone looked up and scanned the room again in
the pause that followed. "Ryoko?" she called. "Ryoko, is that you? Answer
me, dammit!"

Mihoshi and Washu giggled in delight. They then proceeded to run their hands
all over the body of the voodoo doll while watching the screen, entertained
by Kiyone's writhing and squealing as the tickling sensations crawled all
over her body.

"Oh, I have a fantastic idea," said Washu as she leapt to her feet. "Keep
Kiyone occupied, Mihoshi. I'll be right back." And the mad scientist ran to
the other end of her lab. Mihoshi didn't have to be told twice. She focused
on tickling the doll's rib area while watching the detective howl with
laughter.

AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHA (GASP) DOOOONNNN'T!!! (GASP) NNNNOOOOOOO!!!
STAAAAAAHHHHHHPPP!!! HAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Kiyone frantically tried to block the hands that she felt tickling her sexy
body. But there were no hands to block. The tickling sensations went on with
the same intensity as though all of her ticklish spots were wide open. And
they were as far as the doll was concerned.

"Take that, Kiyone!" said Mihoshi as she continued to exact her revenge for
all of the long hours of tickling she had endured at the brunette's hands.

Then, Washu emerged from the darkness to reveal something in both of her
hands that Mihoshi immediately recognized.

"Oh, no!" Mihoshi shouted as her mouth hung open. "That's too cruel, even
for YOU!"

Washu cackled evilly as she held the silver metal ball that was the tickling
machine. "I thought I'd break a record."

Mihoshi backed off from the doll, giving Kiyone a brief respite, to allow
Washu to attach the metal clamps that extended from the silver globe to the
doll's wrists. Then, she pressed the red button and stepped back to let the
tickling machine do it's work. The metal tentacles seeped out of the silver
sphere and skated across the doll's body.

The response from Kiyone was atomically explosive. She leapt from the floor
and smashed against the ceiling in a fury of writhing limbs and maniacal
laughter. Then she fell back on the floor writhing and bucking so fast, that
her movements were a blur. Then, she managed to get to her feet in an act of
ticklish desperation and started bouncing off of the walls, wrecking all of
the furniture in the room.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKKK HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA(GASP)
AAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA

Not wanting to be left out of Kiyone's tickle torment, Mihoshi moved to the
doll's feet and started scrambling her fingers on its soles, adding to
Kiyone's already infinite tickle agony.

Raising such a ruckus, it was inevitable that someone would come a knocking
on Kiyone's door to see what the hell was going on. And it was none other
than Tenchi.

Tenchi opened the door to Kiyone's room and shouted: "Hey! Is someone being
murdered in here?" No sooner had he said that, Kiyone came charging into
Tenchi in her ticklish agony and smashed him through the wall on the other
side of the hall, leaving a Tenchi shaped hole.

Now free of the room, Kiyone tore down the hallway in a desperate attempt to
escape whatever the hell was tickling her. When she reached the stairs, she
fell down them, limbs flailing all over the place and shrieking like a
madwoman.

Ayeka rose from her seat on the couch, observing the writhing, screaming
mass of flailing limbs rolling down the stairs.

"Oh, my word," said Ayeka aristocratically. "Whatever is going on?"

Once Kiyone reached the bottom of the stairs, she bounced from the landing
and smashed into the princess of Jurai, sending her smashing into the TV
set. Kiyone landed on top of the shocked Ayeka, punching and slapping her
with her writhing limbs as she continued to suffer the onslaught of immense
tickle torture.

Indignant, Ayeka threw the tickled brunette off of her and rose from the
floor. "Such an attack on the princess of Jurai is absolutely inexcusable!"
shouted Ayeka. "You have gotten me quite pissed off. Such an affront shall
not go unpunished!!!"

Using her Jurai powers, she emitted an explosive force field from her hands
and sent the tickled Kiyone flying through the wall and out into the yard by
the pond.

Meanwhile, Washu and Mihoshi were laughing their asses off over all that
they have observed on the screen. Neither of them could remember ever
laughing this hard. It was almost as though they were being tickled
themselves.

Ayeka walked over to the large gaping hole that she blew Kiyone out of and
watched as the beautiful brunette continued to scream and laugh as she
writhed on the grass beneath the clear blue sky. Sasami came from the
kitchen and watched Kiyone with her sister.

"Ayeka," Sasami said, naively. "What's wrong with Kiyone?"

"I don't know, Sasami," Ayeka said as she shook her head. "I just don't
know."

After several minutes, Washu and Mihoshi finally finished laughing and lay
on the floor, exausted. Mihoshi looked over at the voodoo doll and the
tickling machine that was still squirming its tentacles all over its body.
"So how long are you going to let this go on?" asked Mihoshi.

"Oh, I don't know," replied Washu. "How long has she been tickling you?"

"On and off all week."

"Well, if you put all of that time together, they should add up to about 30
hours, right?"

"About that."

Washu smiled at Mihoshi. "Sounds good to me!"

Mihoshi smiled back and nodded in agreement.

                                   THE END