	This is not my first lemon fanfic, but this is my 
first to go on Mr. GenSao's page and I hope you enjoy it. As 
you know, Tenchi Muyo! Is copyright Pioneer LDCA and AIC, 
and this fic is copyright me, Chibi Washu-chan, if you are 
underage and reading this, it's not my problem, now is it?

	Secondly, the characters Sachiko, Rumiko, and 
Izaka can be found in my fic, "No Need For More Visitors", 
soon to come in the Regular fic section of Mr. GenSao's 
page.


	No Need For Sneaking ---
	
	=^_^=

	Sachiko sighed, and lay back on her bed. It was 
now nighttime outside, and Ryoko and Tenchi were in Tenchi's 
room cuddling, now that Ayeka was away. Occasionally, she 
heard Tenchi's cries of frustration and the usual "Get off, 
Ryoko!" and then Ryoko would say, "Awwww, c'mon, Tenchi!", 
and the whole night was nothing but. Washu was away, locked 
up in her lab, working on some genius experiment, and Sasami 
and Mihoshi were out enjoying the night, soon to 
return...hopefully.
	As Tenchi protested yet again, Sachiko began to 
get frustrated herself, and she waited for the next 
cry...but it never came. Curious, she crept out of the room 
and down the hall, creeping around the doorframe and peeking 
in. She saw Ryoko and Tenchi, on the floor, deep into a 
kiss, much like that Rumiko and Izaka might have been doing. 
As she watched, her curiosity rose.
	Ryoko straddled Tenchi's waist, and from the angle 
they were at, Sachiko could see them, but they couldn't see 
her. Thank Ra-shama, Sachiko thought. As Tenchi stared on, 
visibly frightened, Ryoko ran her hands down his chest and 
over his legs, smiling lovingly, hoping to get Tenchi "in 
the mood" supposedly.
	She unfastened his pants, and slid them down far 
enough so that she could see his manhood trying to get out, 
the bulge in his underwear exciting her. It also excited 
Sachiko, but being of a truly decent nature, she fought it 
off, and watched. Ryoko also slid his underwear down, and 
Tenchi's manhood poked out, sticking straight up, enticing 
the cyan-haired beauty.
	Sachiko slid back around the doorframe and out 
into the wall, laying up against the wall, sighing and 
placing a hand over her chest. 
	Ohhh, she thought, such a feeling...and I bet they 
don't even know I'm here! 
	
	Sachiko then heard Ryoko moan, a muffled moan, and 
an image flooded her mind. To prove it was real, she closed 
her eyes and telepathically peered into the room. In her 
mind the image of Ryoko formed, her mouth engulfing Tenchi's 
manhood completely, sucking on it happily. Tenchi had his 
eyes closed tight, groaning, his hands massaging the back of 
Ryoko's head.
	Sachiko opened her eyes and again was struck by 
the massive feeling. Such an image deserved such 
action...she thought, and ran a hand down her chest and over 
her thighs, slowly and delicately feeling her pussy through 
the material of her pants, and found it to be very wet. Her 
eyes narrowed, and she sighed.
	He's exciting me...she thought, Rumiko would laugh 
if she ever found out. And so would Izaka, I'd wager.

	Sachiko snapped back into reality to the sound of 
Ryoko gasping out Tenchi's name, then her loud whine. Again, 
she searched her the telepathic image of the room, and found 
herself looking at Ryoko, totally naked, riding Tenchi as if 
it would be her only chance to do so, grinding herself onto 
him harshly, causing her to whine out.
	Sachiko whined out herself, and caught herself, 
slapping a hand over her mouth. Ryoko's whining and Tenchi's 
groaning stopped, and after a silence, Ryoko's chuckle 
echoed through the air.

	"Someone's a bit of a sneak," Ryoko said.

	Sachiko closed her eyes and hoped this was all a 
dream. Wait. It wasn't, she knew that. When she opened her 
eyes, she dropped her hand away from her mouth and sat 
there...waiting...
	
	"Come on in, Sachiko," Ryoko called.

	Damnit! Sachiko thought.
	
	"Or do I have to come get you?"

	Sachiko crawled around the doorframe and peered 
in. There sat Ryoko, Tenchi's manhood still buried deep 
inside her, grinning wickedly at Sachiko. Tenchi smiled as 
well, arms outstretched, a look of eternal happiness upon 
his face.

	"C'mere, Sachi-chan." Ryoko called, and Sachiko 
felt the urge to obey, crawling her way to Ryoko.  As she 
got there, she was greeted by Ryoko's loving hand, which 
caressed its way down the side of her face and around to her 
chin, then back up to her cheek--and she was slapped.
	Sachiko winced, and a red tint appeared on that 
cheek as she brought her head back up to face Ryoko, lips 
curled back into a snarl.

	"You can't just sit there and listen to me fuck 
Tenchi, you have to join in."

	"But, I...I was only curious as to why Tenchi 
wasn't yelling anymore..."

	"I calmed him. But still, you were listening to 
me."

	"Yes, well, I..."

	Ryoko lifted herself off of Tenchi, his manhood 
sliding out of her which a slurching sound, and she sat on 
her knees in front of Sachiko, arched back, legs spread 
apart, revealing Ryoko's extremely wet pussy.

	Sachiko slapped herself across the face, and Ryoko 
giggled.

	"G'head, touch it."

	"Ryoko, no."

	"What?"

	"I said...I said..." Sachiko began, but she more 
she looked over Ryoko's body, she more she felt the urge to 
touch it, to caress it...to love it. Such an urge was normal 
in a Tul-Kiratian, since their entire species was half-
animal.

	"Well?"

	"I said...nothing. Nothing at all." Sachiko 
replied, and crawled up to Ryoko, her face brushing against 
her face, her hands resting on Ryoko's thighs for the 
moment, and nuzzled Ryoko. Ryoko took Sachiko's hands and 
slid them down towards her pussy, sliding two fingers of one 
hand inside, and kissed Sachiko.
	Tenchi watched in awe, but then, an idea struck 
him. He crawled around behind Sachiko, hoping she wouldn't 
notice, and unfastened her pants, sliding them and her 
underwear downward, and slid his manhood up inside her 
pussy, grabbing her by the waist and bouncing slightly, 
causing her to bounce and thus, causing Tenchi to 
involuntarily thrust into her.
	Ryoko watched, and giggled, licking Sachiko's neck 
lovingly, working her hands up her shirt and over her 
breasts, caressing them. Sachiko whined out and the feeling 
of Tenchi's manhood driving into her, and at the same time, 
whined from Ryoko's loving caresses. 

	"Ohhh, G-God, Ryoko...I'm g-gonna..." Tenchi 
mumbled, and Ryoko kissed Sachiko deeper, rubbing both her 
pussy and Tenchi's cock. Tenchi groaned out and came, and 
soon, his hot cum flowed slowly out of Sachiko's pussy and 
down his manhood, causing Sachiko to arch back and yell out. 
Ryoko licked up what excess cum there was, also licking 
Tenchi's cock while it was still in Sachiko. 
	Sachiko's chest heaved to regain her breath, her 
breasts rising and falling in the air rapidly, and Ryoko 
went back to caressing them, Tenchi holding onto Sachiko 
from behind still.

	"Round 2," he said between breaths, and slid 
himself out of Sachiko, only to reposition her. He set her 
up on her hands and knees, and thrust his cock back into 
her, causing her to moan. Ryoko sat in front of her, and 
forced Sachiko's face towards her own pussy, causing Sachiko 
to lay on her elbows and knees. As Tenchi began thrusting 
again, this time with more force, Sachiko licked ravenously 
at Ryoko's dripping pussy, causing Ryoko to whine out and 
grab onto Sachiko's head.
	They continued this on again until Tenchi came for 
the second time, and as soon as Tenchi slid out of Sachiko 
again, she collapsed. She laid there on the floor, panting 
and heaving, trying to regain her breath, and Ryoko laid 
behind her, her hands caressing her breasts slowly. Tenchi 
laid behind Ryoko, and whispered slowly:

	"Hey, I didn't get to finish with you..."

	Ryoko grinned, and sat up on his lap, Tenchi 
grabbing her by the thighs and bouncing, causing Ryoko to 
bounce, and thus--well, you get the idea. Sachiko grinned 
and watched, tail flicking about rapidly, and then advanced 
up to Ryoko, taking gentle hold of her breasts and caressing 
them, licking and nibbling at her neck.
	For the third time, Tenchi came, and Ryoko arched 
back, yelling out. Sachiko muffled her by kissing her, and 
the three collapsed down on one another.

	Ryoko sighed, regaining her breath. "You see what 
you miss when you just sneak around?" she asked, looking at 
Sachiko.

	"Yes, I see...oh, that was so good..."
	
	"I'm glad you enjoyed it," Ryoko said, grinning.

	Tenchi wrapped an arm each around Sachiko and 
Ryoko. "I love you both, y'know that?"

	"You mean you'll get rid of Ayeka?" Ryoko asked, 
excited.

	"No, not yet. I want to tease her a little, make 
her think I love her, then turn around and fuck you both, 
right in front of her."

	Ryoko and Sachiko both shared a laugh, that is, 
until they heard:

	"Ryoko? Tenchi? Sachiko? We're back!"
	
