"No Need To Stay": A Tenchi Universe Fanfic with lemon thrown in.


Hiya Everybody! Pbaer41@yahoo.com here, with my first ever Tenchi Fanfic. Why you say? Because 
there are 4 hot babes on the original, 5 on the TV, and 6 on Tokyo (I don't count Sasami, sorry).
I'm setting the following story in the Tenchi Universe timeline (I know I know, the Muyo! rocks, 
but I'm a sucker for the Miho-Kiyo partnership. There is lemon in this fic, but there's also a 
story.... a long story

Send me some comments at Pbaer41@yahoo.com I'd love to hear from you. 


"No Need To Stay"

	It had been a year since they had all returned to him; and Tenchi Masaki was as happy as 
one possibly could be with two women fighting a war over him, one waiting a couple more years 
before she'd become a goddess and win him, one mad scientist who wanted a "sample" Tenchi didn't 
want to think about, an overly ambitious police officer, and her clumsy and dimwitted partner. 
Add to that a father who was truly hentai, and a grandfather preparing Tenchi to someday become 
the ruler of the universe.... a peaceful moment alone was a rarity and cherished.
	This was one of those rare moments. Tenchi stood alone in front of the Masaki Shrine, 
wooden sword in hand. Usually his grandfather would be standing nearby watching while one or two 
girls would be trying to get his attention away from his practicing. As Tenchi went through the 
motions, he felt a pair of eyes gazing at him. Without stopping he called out over his shoulder.
	"Good Morning Ryoko, I'm surprised you're up this early," he called out to the former 
space pirate. He frowned as she was suddenly clinging to him. Maybe if he hadn't said anything 
she'd have just watched for a while. Probably not.
	"Hi Tenchi! My you're working hard.... why don't we take a bath?" she asked, a nasty sort 
of grin appearing on her face.
	"RYOKO! You KNOW I have to keep training... and besides, I'd rather not have Aeka kill 
one of us!"
	"Oh Tenchi you do care!" she exclaimed as she hugged him tightly. Suddenly she let go, 
looking up to the sky. "Isn't that a galaxy police starship?" Tenchi followed her gaze... she was 
right. A slightly larger version of Kiyone and Mihoshi's ship was preparing to land on the lake 
outside the Masaki house. 
	"I have a bad feeling about this Ryoko".

**********

Ten minutes later Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Aeka, Ryo-oki, and Yosho were sitting in the living room 
across from a rather attractive young man in his mid twenties wearing a Galaxy Police uniform and 
carrying a briefcase. After complimenting Sasami on the tea, he got down to business. "I am sorry 
to disturb all of you, but I'm here on official and necessary business".
	"Just who are you?" Aeka asked. "And what do you want?"
	"My name, Princess Aeka of Jurai, is Inspector Drake, and I'd rather wait for the rest of 
your group to arrive before I get to that," he spoke in a soft yet firm voice. The fact that he 
knew everyone's name and origin bothered Yosho... especially since he had fought to keep his 
identity a secret from the GP.
	A few minutes passed before Kiyone and Mihoshi returned from patrol. Before Kiyone could 
salute her fellow officer, Mihoshi plopped next to him and introduced herself. A quick pop on the 
head and an apology later, Kiyo and Miho were standing at attention and introduced themselves to 
Drake. At the mention of his name, Kiyone's face dropped. "Drake... Jon Drake... from the HQ?"
	"Formally from HQ Kiyone. I'm now heading up a new division...  wait, where is Washu?"
	"Right here! Sorry I'm late, but I do have a busy schedule!" Washu said cheerfully as she 
sat next to Sasami and smiled at Drake. "Why hello there". Drake smiled back and stood up, 
removed a notepad from his briefcase and cleared his throat.
	"Thank you all for waiting... as I said before, my name is Inspector Drake, and I'm here 
on official Galaxy Police business. I've just received a new position here on Earth. Times are 
changing in this part of the universe. In a joint effort with Jurai and the Galaxy Police, plans 
have been made to slowly introduce the humans on this planet to, as they so lovely refer to us, 
aliens." Everyone in the room stared at Drake in wonder.
	"Due to your service here in this solar system and your obvious knowledge of the area, 
Mihoshi and Kiyone will be transferred to our offices in Washington, D.C. in America with a 
slight raise in salary of course".
	"Do you know what this means Mihoshi?"
	"YEAH! We get to date American guys!"
	
	After everyone got up from the floor, Drake continued. "As I've said, we're preparing 
this planet. One of our first concerns is the rather large number of aliens who live here without 
difficulty. Something has to be done, so certain rules have been handed down". Drake cleared his 
throat before reading directly from the notepad. "Those not of the planet Earth without direct 
permission from either the Juria Royal Council or the Galaxy police, or those who are not married 
to or children of humans or those with direct permission are NOT allowed on this planet. Period".

	Most of them frowned. Aeka couldn't help but cheering. "So long Ryoko! Goodbye Washu! 
Have a safe journey to wherever but here..." Aeka was interrupted by Drake.
	".... Also, by direct order from the royal council, Princesses Aeka and Sasami's 
permission has been revoked and they are ordered to return home, effective tomorrow. Prince Yosho 
can stay as long as he chooses, though his.... Umm... mommy misses him". Aeka's face dropped to 
the floor. Sasami began to cry as Tenchi put his arm around her. Yosho frowned as he noticed 
Washu giggling. 
	"That's impossible... why would they do that?"
	"Apparently you ran away, and this was the easiest way to bring you home. You can't avoid 
your responsibilities forever Princess Aeka. Tomorrow a Juridian Transport will arrive for the 
two of you... and for the other two of you, a ship will arrive to bring you to the nearest space 
station. Ummm... Yosho Masaki?" Yosho looked up.
	"Yes Inspector Drake, what is it?"
	"I was wondering if my ship could remain docked on your lake until tomorrow, I need to 
recharge the engines... would that be all right?"
	"Why yes, I suppose so".
	"Fine, thank you sir, I will see you all tomorrow". With that he bowed, turned, and left 
for his ship.

********

	The rest of the day was a sad one. Sasami was heartbroken. Ryoko was furious. Washu was 
annoyed. Aeka was depressed. Kiyo and Miho were happy about their new jobs, but were sorry to 
leave their friends... of course; they didn't have to leave the planet. And what about Tenchi? 
He didn't know what to feel.

	He leaned back against the roof of his house, staring into space. It wasn't fair. He 
would be losing everyone! He couldn't believe it.... And suddenly he made a realization, along 
with Ryoko, Aeka, Sasami, and Washu...  aliens married to a human or someone with direct 
permission could stay! "OH NO!" Tenchi cried.
	"What's wrong?" Mihoshi asked as she and Kiyone climbed out to join him on the roof. 
It was a common nightly ritual to sit and talk while Ryoko and Aeka argued. 
	"Well, besides the fact I have to say goodbye to everyone, I may be forced to MARRY one 
of them to keep them on the planet!"
	"Oh," Kiyone said, nodding. "The marriage clause huh? Yeah, if any one of them was even 
engaged to you they could stay... as long as you marry within a year. I'm sure they all have 
figured it out by now".
	"Oh my... a wedding? That's so beautiful!" Mihoshi cried out. "But who's getting 
married?!?" 
	"No one's getting married!" Tenchi screamed. "At least... I don't think. Oh I don't know 
I can never make a decision!" Both girls nodded. They knew how hard it had been for him dealing 
with Aeka and Ryoko's less than subtle advances.
	"Tenchi, I know that you love everyone in this house. I also know that you love someone 
here in a completely different way than everyone else. Mihoshi and I really care about you, but 
we're not asking to marry you..." Tenchi looked at both of them with some surprise as Mihoshi 
nodded and Kiyone continued. "You've said before that you think of Sasami as a little sister and 
Washu as a rather bizarre mother figure. So it comes right down to Aeka and Ryoko. It's always 
come down to them".
	"Yeah! So who do you want to marry Tenchi? One or the other!"
	"I don't know! I mean, I love both of them, and if I chose one I'll lose the other!"
	Kiyone frowned, whispering: "And if you don't chose one you'll lose both. You know in 
your heart that you have to do this. You're too sweet Tenchi: you knew if you finally shared your 
feelings one girl would probably leave.... but you have to do something or everyone'll be gone! 
Sure, we'll see each other during vacations and maybe you could take a semester of school in 
Washington... but if you don't do something tonight you'll regret it forever... go to her 
Tenchi..."

**********
	
Tenchi Masaki knew what he had to do. Doing it was the problem. He couldn't get out of his room 
to do it! Blocking his door were Aeka's Guardians, with strict orders to not let Tenchi out or 
Ryoko in. They had created a force field specifically designed to block Ryoko's power to phase 
through walls. Tenchi banged on his door in frustration. 
	"Let me out! This is my house!" 
	"We cannot Lord Tenchi," they replied. "Princess Aeka will be here to see you shortly. 
Please wait until then". Damn Aeka, Tenchi thought. She never left things up to him. She'd 
probably come in and attempt to convince him to propose or worse yet, come to Jurai with her and 
Sasami. He needed to get out of the room! 
	A small cry made he turn in surprise. He walked to his window and saw Ryo-oki floating. 
"Ryo-oki! You've saved the day!" The cabbit meowed in happiness as she flew in and landed on 
Tenchi's head. "Ryo-oki... fly me out the window and down to the ground... quietly!" 
	Two carrots later, Tenchi was on the grass outside his home and Ryo-oki was munching 
happily. He turned to the lake and noticed Kiyone and Mihoshi's ship was docked next to the 
Inspector's and the three officers were chatting. 
	"Oh no!" Tenchi cried. "How am I supposed to go to her room if Aeka's guardians are 
upstairs! They'll see me right away!" Suddenly he knew. He didn't like the idea, but he'd do it. 
Tenchi silently entered through the front door and inched his way towards the door to Washu's 
lab. He never liked going in there, but this was important. 
	".... so I need to see her but I can't go upstairs. Can you help?"
	"Well," Washu thought for a second. "Oh course I can! I am after all the Greatest 
Scientist of all time!" Washu typed a few commands on her holographic keyboard and suddenly a 
door to Tenchi's left appeared. "Just walk through this door and you'll be there. Hurry and go, 
I still have work to do.... and I think it's about time I had a talk with someone".
	"Thank you Little Washu!" Tenchi said as he bowed. Then he turned and walked through the 
door... and walked right into her.
	"Tenchi! How'd you get in here!"
	"Washu..."
	"Enough said. I'm so glad you're here!"
	"Ryoko.... I... I..."
	"Yes Tenchi?" Her golden eyes were shinning with hope and longing. She had been crying 
for most of the day, which was truly unlike her. The very thought of leaving him crushed her 
completely... but here he was.
	"I ummm... well that is... I wanted to tell you... I... " Why couldn't he just say it? 
What the hell was wrong with him? Here he was with the woman he loved, who he longed for for so 
long. He wanted to cry out to her... to ask her to marry him and be with him forever! Why 
couldn't he say it?
	"Tenchi... just say it... whatever it is. Just tell me".
	"Ryoko I love you! I've been in love with you for a long damn time and I can't bear to 
think of you leaving tomorrow. Please stay and be with me, and... and...." Tenchi had more to 
say, but was stopped by a pair of the softest lips in the universe. Her passion was amazing and 
literally took his breath away. They kissed for ages before Tenchi needed air.
	"Oh my Tenchi! I knew this day would come... of course I want to be with you forever... 
but what about those pesky Galaxy Police? They don't want me here!"
	"Well... you could stay... if within the year you ummm... married me," Tenchi barely 
whispered as he handed over a small, yet beautiful ring with a tiny diamond in the center 
surrounded three rubies forming a triangle around it. "My grandfather gave this to my 
grandmother... and on the day my mother died my father gave me this ring and told me that someday 
I'd meet a woman and know right away this belonged on her finger... I never knew what he 
meant till now". Ryoko, for the first time in her long life was speechless. She'd always known 
she'd be with him... but this was a surprise.
	"You are the best thing that's ever happened to me Tenchi Masaki. You've changed me in 
ways you'll never know. I am who I am today because of you. Of course I'll marry you!" Tears 
filled both their eyes as Tenchi slowly slid the engagement ring onto Ryoko's finger. Of COURSE, 
this also had to be the moment when Aeka smashed down the door and burst into Ryoko's room.
	"Ryoko!! Get away from Lord Tenchi this instant! I don't know how you kidnapped him out 
of his room but this is unforgive...." Aeka screamed, until she noticed what Tenchi was doing. 
"T... Tenchi?"
	"Aeka! Ryoko didn't kidnap me! I came here willingly, which was pretty difficult 
considering the fact that I was trapped in my room!"
	"I am sorry Lord Tenchi... I was only trying to protect you... but what's going on here? 
What could you say to this space pirate?" Before he could answer Ryoko had wrapped herself around 
him and flashed a triumphant grin.
	"Well Aeka, Tenchi just proposed to me... and I of course accepted!" Aeka's face dropped 
through the floor.
	"I'm sorry Aeka... I wanted to tell you tomorrow but..."
	"How... how could this be? HOW COULD YOU?!?!" Aeka screamed as she raced at Ryoko. "This 
is all your fault! You tricked him or something! Prepare to be reacond with!" Before she could 
reach her target, Tenchi slid in front of Ryoko and stared directly into the eyes of Aeka.
"Aeka... stop right there. This is my choice, my decision. I finally had to choose, and while I'm 
sorry I have to hurt you, someone had to get hurt... that's the problem with love triangles, that 
one extra person who has to suffer. I love you Aeka, but we both know my love for you was never 
anything more than friendship and a deep respect". Tenchi was speaking his mind! The fact that he 
had finally, FINALLY, made a choice gave him the confidence to speak from the heart. It was all 
he could do. "Respect my wishes and be happy for me... and Ryoko. The only thing you two have 
fought about all this time was me, so I hope that now that this is over, you two can find a way 
to be friends. But don't you for one second think attacking my fiancee will make any difference".
	Aeka was stunned. Ryoko was too. Tenchi had never spoken so freely. It was a huge eye 
opener to both of them. Tears flowed freely down Aeka's cheeks, though she tried hard to hold 
them back. "You've.... You've never spoken to me like that. Ever".
	"Yes I have... you've just chose not to hear me till now. Ryoko acted the same way... it 
didn't seem to matter to either of you what my feeling were. It took Inspector Drake forcing me 
to choose to finally end this. And I'm sorry I lead you on and gave you hope... I... I just never 
wanted to hurt you Aeka". She nodded as she turned and walked away.
	"You will regret this decision Lord Tenchi. I know it. And when you realize your mistake, 
I may not be there waiting anymore". And with that, she was gone. Ryoko floated over and picked 
up the fallen door. 
	"We won't have much privacy here". 
	"Would you ummm... like to spend the night in my room?" Before he had even finished the 
questioned he realized he was lying in his own bed with Ryoko. "Huh? Oh... guess they took down 
the shield".
	"Nope... went through the window... dummies!" Ryoko let out a giggle as she fingered 
Tenchi's chest lightly. "Tenchi?"
	"Yes?"
	"This is going to make you angry...." Ryoko started as she floated off his bed. "But.... 
I WON, I WON, WON! I won and she lost... oh yeah, go me, woo-hoo!" she continued as she danced 
around the room like some sort of bizarre cheerleader. Tenchi should have been furious, but the 
sight of her prancing around made him burst out laughing. She took notice and floated over to 
him, wrapping her long arms around him in an embrace. "I love you".
	"I love you, too". They kissed again, with the same passion as before. But this time 
Tenchi's body wasn't frozen in shock. His hands knew what to do as roamed her back, fingers 
running through her cyan hair and over her silk house kimono. Unexpectedly, Ryoko phased out of 
her clothes and Tenchi came into VERY close contact with a very naked fiancee. "Hey... I wanted 
to take them off... you have to have a little patience with me... it's a wonder my nose hasn't 
exploded".
	"Sorry, but I couldn't wait anymore! I want to be with you so badly... and yer not 
bleeding because you're not embarrassed or being a voyeur. Tenchi, this body is yours for the 
taking. Enjoy it, treat it right, and I'll blow your mind!" As she slowly stood before him, he 
took in every curse of her body... everything from the huge breasts he had dreamed about down to 
the tiny cyan hairs she obviously trimmed. 
	"You're beautiful... so damn beautiful!" he whispered as he pulled her back down on the 
bed, and tentatively cupped her right breast in his hand. A soft moan escaped her lips as he grew 
a little bolder and explored her body more. After almost 15 minutes he was staring directly into 
her sex. It smelled wonderful... like... there was nothing to compare it to. He saw wetness there 
and it made him smile. He was pleasing her, but now he just stared. He had read a few of his 
father's mangas and had the general idea of oral sex, but had NO idea what to do next. "You're 
going to have to guide me... I'm kinda lost".
	She took his hand and slowly rubbed it around the outside of her sex. Then she pushed one 
finger inside of her and moaned louder than before. After she was sure he had picked up the 
rhythm, she let go of the hand and laid back enjoying the pleasure he was giving her. It had been 
SO long since someone had touched her this way, and although he lacked experience, his enthusiasm 
and their love made up for it. She was shocked when she felt a pair of lips slowly touched her 
nether lips. There was something to be said for instinct. And after a while she felt a tongue 
flick her clit. How the hell had he found it? Maybe the rumors about Juriadian men were true!
	Ryoko stopped pondering that particular thought as a wave of pleasure covered her body. 
Tenchi had added a third finger inside her, and she knew she was approaching a really good 
orgasm. Her pleasure crested as she called out his name and floated off the bed. It was all he 
could to stay connected to her as he suddenly found his mouth full of the sweetest substance 
known in the universe as far as he was concerned. As her panting subsided, he slid up next to 
her. 
	"Are you sure you've never done that before?!?"
	"Did I do all right Ryoko?" She looked up at his surprised. Was he joking?!?!
	"You're too good to be true!" She hugged him tightly, and as she did she felt a familiar 
pressure on her leg. She kissed him softly as a hand slowly trailed down his body to the source 
of his obvious discomfort. She slowly, because she knew he as nervous (she figured once he got 
used to being naked with her the animal sex could begin), moved down the bed and slipped off his 
pants, coming face to face with it. "You know, I've peeked before... but it was never this big. 
I must be doing something right." He would have responded but he couldn't form words as a warm, 
wet mouth slid down over his penis. He could only pant and moaned as he was overcome with 
emotions and pleasure. She licked the head like a lollipop before slipping all 10 inches down her 
throat (Come on, like his personality attracted all those girls... he has to be huge... ). Tenchi 
lost all thought... all knowledge of the world around him. All he could think about was how 
amazing this feeling was. Like any teenager he had masturbated to the images of Ryoko or Aeka in 
the bath... or Mihoshi and Kiyone when they worked out in those cute little outfits... but this 
beautiful woman was making all his fantasies seem like nothing. He suddenly knew he was going 
to... he'd better warn her..
	"I'm going to..." was all he could get out before he flooded her mouth. She smiled like a 
cat as she drank from him. "Oh Ryoko... oh wow... oh wow" He was spent and tired, and as she 
moved up next him on his bed, she noticed he was on the brink of sleep. She frowned for a 
second... she has wanted to do more, but there was plenty of time for that. They had the rest of 
their lives together. That thought turned her frown into a satisfied grin as she too succumbed to 
sleep, and for the first time in a long while, she slept peacefully. 

	The sounds of two people doing things together for the first time did not escape the ears 
of one scientist, who was standing in the kitchen drinking a cup of tea. "Looks like everything 
worked out there. Its about damn time".
	"So you know as well". Washu was startled by the voice as she turned to see Yosho 
standing next to her. "Young Tenchi has finally chosen a bride. And while I wish them happiness, 
it will not be easy".
	"With Ryoko's past and Aeka's broken heart, the Royal Court will have a tough time 
dealing with their future Emperor's partner... of course if a certain Prince put in a good 
word...". Yosho smiled down at his always scheming friend... and then he had to remind himself 
that friend wasn't the right word. 
	 "I guess I could put in a good word... after all, she does make him happy, and we must 
always fight for happiness... right Washu?"
	"Exactly... well, I think its time I set the commands to decompress my lab... I need a 
new place to set up shop, right Yosho?"
	"You know I can't let you leave.... " he whispered as he pulled her close to him and 
kissed her lips briefly. "Washu, there's an obvious way around the Galaxy Police's new 
regulations, but I'm sure you already know that." She winked at him as she took his hand and led 
him out of the kitchen and towards the door to her lab.
	"Of course I know how I can stay... why the hell would I EVER leave a man like you?" 
	
*******************

	The tears flowed the next morning as Sasami made breakfast one last time. Tenchi's 
father, Yosho, and Washu were sitting comfortably in the living room chatting. Aeka had cried 
herself to sleep and was packing up her and Sasami's bedroom for the long trip home. Her first 
course of action was to convince her mother to allow her to return, and to somehow break up Ryoko 
and Tenchi. This was far from over. She decided for now at least she'd ignore that particular 
situation and have a nice meal with her family.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone walked through the front door, followed by a tired looking Inspector 
Drake. They had talked his ear off last night; telling stories of the Masaki gang and their 
adventures. Finally the partners went back to their apartment to pack and Drake was able to rest 
aboard his ship. Sasami walked in carrying a HUGE assortment of goodies. "Breakfast is ready 
everybody... but where's Ryoko and Tenchi?" Sasami wondered aloud as Aeka frowned and Washu and 
Yosho shared a knowing glance. Kiyone and Mihoshi whispered to each other. Was this a sign?
And where were the two lovers? 
	Well Ryoko had woken early and has spend her morning watching a 
very blissful Tenchi sleep. He looked so damn cute; Ryoko truly enjoyed just being near him and 
knowing that he wasn't going to kick her out. She looked out the window and realized that the 
last breakfast for the whole group would probably be served soon. God, she was going to miss 
Sasami's cooking. Suddenly an idea formed in Ryoko's mind. A great breakfast treat. 
	Tenchi was having a great dream. It was a replay of the previous night, specifically his 
first blowjob. If she could have done any better, he'd probably have died. Suddenly Tenchi was 
awake and realized he hadn't just been remembering last night's events, he was experiencing it! 
He exploded into her mouth as he moaned her name hoarsely. Ryoko looked up at him. "Good morning 
lover. Sleep well?"
	"God you're amazing!" 
	"Tenchi! Time for breakfast! Do you know where Ryoko is?" Sasami asked as she knocked on 
his door. Tenchi's eyes went wide when he realized he hadn't locked the door! 
	"Yeah Sasami! We'll be down in a minute... umm, you guys start without us". Sasami turned 
and walked back downstairs. Did Tenchi say we?
	A few minutes later Ryoko and Tenchi walked hand in hand and sat with the group. 
	"Everyone, Ryoko and I have an announcement. We're... we're getting married". Sasami and 
Mihoshi ran over and hugged Tenchi and Ryoko. Kiyone and Washu soon joined them. Yosho helped his 
son-in-law off the ground and they too joined in on the celebration. Inspector Drake sipped his 
tea. He had expected something like this... even if it turned out to be a meaningless marriage 
there was nothing he could do. He'd have to keep an eye on the space pirate though. Aeka sat 
silently. Washu walked over to Yosho and slipped her arms around his waist.
"Should we tell them honey?" Everyone in the room looked over at them stunned. "Yosho and I have 
been seeing each other for a while now, and we've decided its time to make our relationship 
official," she continued.
"Long story short," Yosho began, "Though I never thought I'd marry again, Washu has changed my 
mind... " Sasami and Mihoshi again ran over to hug the OTHER couple. Tenchi and his father were 
in total shock, as were Kiyone, Ryoko, and Aeka. Even Drake didn't think of the possibility of 
both Ryoko and Washu staying on the planet. 
"You should have a double wedding!" Mihoshi shouted as she went back and forth between Ryoko and 
Washu, hugging them tightly. Kiyone grinned from ear to ear. 
"That's actually a good idea! I hear royal weddings on Jurai are really beautiful!" 


	So it was all over. Their lives together would never be the same. Aeka and Sasami 
returned to their home, to be followed shortly by Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, and Yosho. Plans for the 
double wedding began immediately. After much discussion and pleading, Aeka finally agreed to be 
the Matron of Honor for both brides. Tenchi's father stepped in as the Best Man. Kiyone and 
Mihoshi got special permission from Head Quarters to attend the wedding, along with Inspector 
Drake, who was credited with bringing them all together. Sasami was obviously overjoyed by the 
reuniting of the group, and instantly agreed to be the flower girl. 
After a long and beautiful wedding, and three days worth of parties and festivities, Tenchi sat 
stood alone in the Throne Room looking at where he'd sit soon. His marriage carried a high price. 
He'd agreed to take the throne if all charges against his bride were dropped. Of course they 
agreed. Yosho had sweetened the deal by agreeing to be Tenchi's chief advisor and stay on Jurai 
as long as Tenchi needed him. 
 	"What are you thinking about?" Ryoko whispered in his ear, as she wrapped her arms around 
him. 
	"Just wondering if I'm ready to rule the Universe. I mean... I haven't even seen most of 
my kingdom!"
	"That raises a good point young one," Yosho spoke as he and his new bride joined them. He 
stood before them in his true form (a young looking wife should have a young looking husband, or 
so Washu insisted) with a smile on his face. "Neither of us have plans for a honeymoon, now do 
we? I know it's only an Earth custom, but I'd become rather fond of Earth customs".
	Ryoko smiled a some-what evil grin. "Are you suggesting a tour of our future Emperor's 
Kingdom?" Yosho nodded and Ryoko hugged Tenchi tightly. "Oh Tenchi, we'll have so much fun!"


	So it was all decided: a yearlong honeymoon for the two couples. The Council was worried 
about their young emperor and his safety (but who was going to mess with the man who defeated 
Kagato and the most notorious space pirate in the galaxy?), so they sent along with them Kiyone 
and Mihoshi as an escort, along with Tenchi's new Guardians. Besides the fact that protecting the 
Emperor was a great honor and bumped them up to Lieutenant, Kiyo and Miho would get a chance to 
spend time with Tenchi's very cute (and in human form) Guardians. As the two ships left Jurai to 
begin a new adventure, Tenchi couldn't help but wish that Aeka and Sasami could come with them. 
But of course, there were already too many people along on a honeymoon, and Ryoko had that 
familiar look in her eyes.... But that's another story.


So there it is, a VERY long story written by me, Pbaer41@yahoo.com

Please send comments, questions, money, etc. My next fanfic will be posted sooner or later; 
I'll probably give my fingers a rest first.
	





