Hey this is my first lemon. Please enjoy. Ohh and I dont own any of
that copy right junk,
BLAH BLAH

Nobuyuki’s Secret.
By
Mr. Sinister

This takes place after the girls hear about Tenchi’s new girlfriend in
Tokyo and they want
to visit him, but they need to get money so they are trying to steal
Nobuyuki’s money. The
scene is the living room.

“WHERE IS IT??!!” Ryoko screamed into Nobuyuki’s ear.

“Where is what? Replied Nobuyuki

“THE MONEY” Said Royko

“Please tell us where it is, we want to see Tenchi” said Sesami

“Yeah and we want to see him with Sakua. Tenchi belongs to me, and only
me” said
Ryoko quietly

“Look I’m getting sick and tired of you girls always taking my money.
IT’S MINE. If you
want to see Tenchi go get a job and make your own money. I work day and
......”
Nobuyuki suddenly stopped while he felt a hard fist into his stomach
coming from Ryoko.

“No why did you do that?” Mehoshi said looking really worried. She had
one tear coming
from her left eye while she ran and grabbed Nobuyuki before he fell to
the floor.

“That was a bit harsh, but it was acceptable. Since we do need the
money to see Lord
Tenchi” Aeka said, with her snotty nose up high.

“Yeah please let us have the money to see Tenchi, we only care for him”
Kyone said with
a little worried look on her.

“And if you don’t give us the money I can use you as a ginney pig”
Washu said with an
evil grin on her face.

“THATS IT!!! I HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU GIRLS. I ACCEPTED YOU ALL TO
LIVE IN MY HOUSE BUT THIS IS HOW YOU REPAY ME. BY BEATING ME !!!!”
Nobuyuki said extremely angry.

“What are you gonna do about it?? Hahaha old man your only human, NOW
GIVE US
THE MONEY” Ryoko said, clenching her right fist together.

“GET OUT NOW, LEAVE OR ELSE......” bam another punch right into
Nobuyuki’s
stomach. Blood came out of his mouth and nose.

“No please stop Ryoko’ said Mihoshi, she was crying as she held
Nobuyuki once again.

“Shut up, you stupid idiot” Ryoko said while Kyone grabbed Mihoshi.
Then  Ryoko
slapped Mihoshi and she fell onto the ground crying and holding her
left cheek.

Nobuyuki looked at Ryoko with fire in his eyes and said “ THATS IT.
YOUVE HIT THE
LAST STRAW”

“HAHAHA I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT” said Ryoko

Nobuyuki stood up, removed his glasses and started to scream
‘AHHHHHHHHHH’ .
Then his eyes started to burn with fire and his hair slowly started to
raise into the air. He
started the twitch as his muscle started to grow and grow, his shirt
ripped showing his
muscles as they where still growing. Nobuyuki’s hair stood at and end
as it slowly started
to turn blonde, then slowly his eyes started to turn into a blue ish
green while his eyebrows
turned yellow, the same hair color as his hair. He stood up strait with
his fists at chest
height. At the end of his transformation, he was absolutely huge. All
the girls looked at
him in fear except Ryoko and Washu.

“Nice trick” said the calm Washu, “But you’re not doing much.”

The transformed Nobuyuki looked at Ryoko, then he grabbed her and threw
her outside of
the house to the large lake. Nobuyuki flew after as the other girls
followed. “Look I gave
you a warning but now it’s too late, I’m gonna teach you all a lesson,
and especially you
Ryoko for hitting Mihoshi.“ As he hovered over Ryoko, she flew up and
hit him in the
stomach again, but the new and extremely powerful Nobuyuki didn’t even
move an inch.

“WHAAAAAAAT!!” said the confused Ryoko

“It’s my turn!” Nobuyuki said. Then he punched Ryoko in the face. She
flew strait into the
lake. He looked and turned at the other girls. He flew towards them and
he grabbed
Kyono before she was able to get her lazer gun out of her gun holder.
He flew up around
30 feet into the air and started to slap her hard. He didn’t stop until
she was bleeding and
out cold. After a couple of hard slaps, she was out and he dropped her.
Then he started to
power up a blast , then he shot it at Aeka. The blast ripped through
her shield and hit Aeka
in the chest, she went flying into Sesami and Ryo-Ohki, she hit them
out cold. “You said it
was fake Washu. Now you can feel how fake it really is. HAHAHA”

“I’m not done with you yet..” said a Ryoko as she flied out of the lake
with blood all
around her.

“Becareful Ryoko, He’s very powerful but you might have a chance” said
Washu, then she
thought * She’s doomed*

Yosho heard all she shouting, screaming and the blasts from the shrine.
So he got up and
ran towards the house. He looked at Nobuyuki, laughed and said “ Well
Raditz it looks
like your up to your old tricks again”

At the battle Nobuyuki started to beat on Ryoko until she was out. He
kept on giving her
the old Jab-Punch-Jab, he kept it simple so that Ryoko could block it,
but she was too
slow and he was way too powerful. He gave her another jab then a final
uppercut to finish
her off. She was out, in another dimension but not dead. Then Nobuyuki
pointed his finger
at Washu an gave her a little blast that would knock her out. Yosho
looked the girls and
wondered why Nobuyuki didn’t get Mihoshi. “Ahh I see now. It looks like
he may have
feelings for her” Then he turned around and walked back to his shrine.

Nobuyuki landed on the ground and he changed back to him old self. Back
into his human
form, he walked towards the house and picked up his glasses. “Ahh come
on this was my
favorite shirt, but now it’s all torn up”. He put on his glasses and he
saw Mihoshi running
towards him.

“WOW!!! That was amazing Nobuyuki, I never knew that you were one of
those special
guys. You know the guys that their planet got blown up by Frieza..”
Mihoshi said.

“Ehh you mean a Sayin? Yes thats right I am a Sayin” Nobuyuki replied
to Mihoshi

“Does anyone know?” Mihoshi said looking confused

“My old wife and Yosho. Look I don’t want people to know beacuse of my
past. Hey let’s
go inside and do into the hot springs pool, and relax”

“Hehehe ohh you, eh ok” Mishoshi said blushing

Nobuyuki replied “Are you alright?”

“Yeah thank you, thanks for saving me back then” Mihoshi said still
blushing

They walked inside and went to their rooms to get their swimming suits.
Mihoshi got her
2 piece Bikini. It was dark blue with yellow lacing. Nobuyuki got his
black swimming
trunks. Mihoshi went into the pool while Nobuyuki went into the kitchen
and got a special
bottle of Sucke. Then he ran to the pool. He saw Mihoshi there and he
slowly walked
towards the pool. Her back was turned at the door so she didn’t know he
was there.
Nobuyuki slowly got into the pool and he put his hand on Mihoshi’s
shoulder.

“Ohh I didn’t hear you come in” she looked at him with a surprised face
and said “ Is that
sucke?”

Nobuyuki said “ Yes thats right, but here I see your a bit tense let me
give you a message”

Mihoshi nodded her head. Then Nobuyuki poured 2 glasses of sucke and he
handed one to
Mihoshi. Mihoshi got up while Nobuyuki opened his legs signaling
Mihoshi to sit down.
She sat down between his legs with her back turned at him. He started
to message her
shoulders

“Hmmmm this feels soo good” Mihoshi looked up at the celling and she
closed her eyes.
“So will you tell me you past story now? PLEASE?”

“Mishoshi I feel like I cant trust with anything. Ok well about 20
years ago. I came to this
earth to find my brother Kakarot. I came here to tell him to come back
or to kill him. But
he was too power full for me and he had 2 power full allies, his son
Gohan and a Namek
named Picolo. I was winning until Kakarot held me back and Picolo shot
at me, but at the
last second I was able to dodge the shot. I had to fly out as fast as I
could, while I had to
lower my power so they couldn’t sence me. I realized that I wasn’t
powerful enough, and
that I had to stay low. I came here and met with a beutiful woman, her
father Yosho knew
about my powers and he helped me train. I hit SuperSayin level but then
I stopped training
because I had a newborn son..”

“Oh oh I know, thats Tenchi right?” Mihoshi said all excited

“Yes thats right Mihoshi, well you know the rest of the story. My wife
died and I had to
raise Tenchi myself” Nobuyuki said sounding a bit sad “ I never thought
that would meet
any one as beutyful as my wife, but then you came into my life Mihoshi”

“You mean me? You have had feeling for me all this time? Why didn’t you
tell me
anything?” Mihoshi said all confused.

“Well I always thought that you loved Tenchi like the other girls” he
replied

“HA?! I dont love Tenchi, I love you” Mihoshi said while she turned
around and sat on his
right lap. She looked at Nobuyuki shile a tear ran down her eyes.

“I love you Mihoshi and I have from the first day I saw you”  Nobuyuki
said while he
looked into those beutyfull blue eyes.

Nobuyuki and Mihoshi drew their head towards each other. They lips meet
in a passionate
kiss. They felt like it lastest for eternity. Mihoshi slowly put her
tongue into Nobuyuki
mouth, he returned the favor.
Mihoshi broke up the kiss and said “ I love you, but this is my first
time, please be gentile”
“Don’t worry my love, you will never be hurt around me”
Mihoshi knelt down on his lap so she can face him and be close. She got
close enough to
feel his hard cock about to rip out of his trunks. Nobuyuki had a giant
smile on his face as
he felt her pussy in her bikini rubbing agains his hard dick. She put
he hands behind her
back and she started to unravel her bikini, she took off her top and
reveled her beutyfull
light tanned brests with pink nipples. They are perfectly sized, every
mans dream, perfectly
round, and her tan was amazing, you can see little triangles around her
breasts. You can
see all her tan lines.
Nobuyuki couldn’t belive what was inches from his face. His eyes
widened in shock.

“Is there something wrong?” Mihoshi said looking worried, “ Is there
something wrong
with my figure?”

“No, no, no, Your amazing Mihoshi, your even beutifuller than my last
wife, Im just so
amazed at how beutifull you are”

Mihoshi looked at Nobuyuki and she had an amazing smile on her face.
They shared in
another passionate kiss. Nobuyuki put his hands on Mihoshis breast and
he started to
message them. He moved his left hand up higher at Mihoshis neck. He
broke up the kiss
and he started to kiss down the left side of her neck. He went lower
and lower until he got
in between the valley between her breats. He gave little kisses and
started to kiss her right
breast while he messaged her left breast with his right hand. He
lowered his left and he
grabbed Mihoshis ass, and he started to message it. He was kissing and
liking her nipple ,
they thought that they were in totaly extacy, but the best was just
about to come.

“Hmmmm this is too good, but I think its time” Mishoshi said, she got
up of Nobuyuki’s
lap. She turns over as she bent over. Her gorgeus ass was inches next
to his face. Then she
slowly lower the lower part of her bikini. She lowered it so slowly
that Nobuyuki was
gonna go mad, his cock just raising again, becomming the biggest he has
ever had. She
slowly revelead her asshole. She bent over even lower, her head was
nearly in the water,
then she stepped out of the thong part and threw it aside.

Nobuyuki took of his trunks as fast as he could. He took them off then
Mihoshi looked at
him , and nodded. “I’m ready” she said

She slowly lowered herself on Nobuyuki monster dick. She had seen a
dick before but
only in those love comics and she never thought that Nobuyukis would be
soo big. His
dick was slowly going into Mihoshis cunt, as she lowed, she moaned “
HMMMMM” then
Nobuyuki felt Mihoshis barrier.

He put his hands on her hips, and he brought his waist upwards . With
Mihoshis help he
pushed her downwards onto his dick, while he ripped the barrier, and
pushed his cock
further and further into Mihoshis beutifull pussy.

“Ouch, that hurts” She yelled , but she was starting to enjoy it “ In
and out . In and out,
OHHHHHH”

*Geez its been nearly 20 years that I have had sex with a woman*
Nobuyuki was thinking.
“I can’t belive this Mihoshi, I LOVE YOU” He screamed

Mihoshi started to bounce up and down on his dick, and Nobuyuki felt
her ass until he saw
Mihoshis breats starting to bounce up and down. He grabbed her breasts
and started to
message them again...
“OHHHH MY GOD” Mihoshi screamed with pleasure nearly getting to her
climax.

“I’m hitting my climax” Nobuyuki said while looking at Mihoshis face.

Mihoshi grabbed his hands of her breasts and she started to squeeze
them, he under stood
that she was reaching her climax by squeezing back. She closed her eyes
and tightened her
face muscles. They both yelled at the same time while Nobuyuki cummed
into Mihoshis
pussy.

“Ahhhhh” he said in relif.

Mihoshi stayed on his dick, but she layed her head on Nobuyuki
shoulder. While they were
both gasping for air.

They rested for about 30 minutes.Nobuyuki looked into Mihoshis
beutyfull blue eyes. She
had 2 tears on either side of her face. One for the pain and one for
her new love.

Nobuyoki got up and sat at the edge of the hot springs pool. He opened
his legs. With a
few flicks of his wrist he go his dick hard again. Mihoshi understood
what happened , she
nodded and lowered her head on Nobuyukis dick. She kissed the tip of
his dick. Then she
opened her mouth and started to put his dick into her mouth. She sucked
fast and slow.
She sometimes even took it out of her mouth to lick the tip.
Nobuyuki was in total extacy, he laid back and looked at the celling.
While Mihoshi
sucked faster and faster and faster. He couldn’t take it anymore, he
was gonna explode.
He cummed right into Mihoshis mouths. She was shocked and didn’t know
what to do so
she swallowed it and started to lick it off his tip.

“AHHH that was too good Mihoshi”

She looked up and smiled with joy “ Thank you very much”

“Its time to swtich” he said. but Mihoshi was kind of confused.

She sat up on the egde while Nobuyuki went into the water. He slowly
opened her legs
reviling her beutifull pussy. He slowly opened her pussy lips with his
fingers and he
opened them. He slowly lowered his head, and he put his tongue into her
clit. He started
to lick faster and slower. Mihoshi grabbed the back of his head and
arched her back trying
to get his entire tongue into her clit. Nobuyki liked faster and
faster. Mihoshi shut her eyes
shut and screamed in happyness. She reached her climax and started to
scream.
“AHHHHHHH- OHHH-UHHHH-MMMMMMMMM” Then she started cummin right
into his mouth.
“MMMM this tastes soo good” He said with a mouth full of Mihoshis
semen. “It’s sooo
thick. It’s soooo white. It’s sooo salty” he just loved Mihoshis
flavor. It was truly a taste
of Heaven, maybe even better.

“Hmmm There is only one more position I cant think of Mihoshi” Nobuyuki
said with a
delight look on his face.

Mihoshi looked at him and nodded “ Yes I understand, this one might be
even more fun
then the others”

Nobuyuki saved some of Mihoshis cum as he scooped it into his right
hand. He turned her
around and started to lubricate her asshole.

“Now Mihoshi, you must understand that you have to relax in this
position. If you don’t
then you will hurt your self and me” Nobuyuki said calmly.

“Ok” Mihoshi said with excitement.

He lowered her into the hot spring water once again until she was ready
to kneel down in
the inside step that people sit on in the pool. She knelt down as the
water was up to the
bottom part of her breasts. Nobuyuki got one last feel of Mihoshi
breasts and he felt her
hard nipples that he adored so much. Mihoshi straightened her arms, and
put her hand on
the ledge knowing that this might hurt more than before, but she was
even readier than
before. Nobuyuki took his right hand and put it on his erected hard
cock. Then he guided
it into Mihoshis asshole. Slowly inch by inch he went deeper into her,
until her got in 3
quatres of the way.
“Thank you for relaxing Mihoshi” he looked at her while her eyes were
shut close , with a
wide grin on her face.
After a minute. Nobuyuki felt her asshole was as loose as her pussy ,
then he started to
take thrusts into Mihoshi. She yelled with please and pain. But she
said “Ohh DEEPER,
DEEPER NOBUYUKI DEEPER”
He understood that he had to fuck her harder and harder, deeper and
deeper. He was
grabbing Mihoshis tits while they where boucning up and down. You can
hear Mihoshis
butt checks slap against Nobuyukis thighs.
SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK - YELL- SCREAM
They both reached their climax and cummed at the same time.
Nobuyuki sat on the inside step while Mihoshi sat on his lap.

“I love you Mihoshi, I always want to be with you Mihoshi” He said as
he looked into her
deep blue ocean eyes

“Are you saying what I think your saying?” she said

“YES MIHOSHI MARRY ME, BE WITH ME FOR EVER!” he yelled

“YES I WILL” as she looked at him with tears comming from both their
faces.

Then they shared in a final passionate kiss.

THE END???
for now
___________________________________________________________________

Please tell me how I did on that lemon, I would appreciate any kind of
reply, I know that
it might be boring for somepeople to log into their e-mail and then
write one for me, but
please do so. It’s the only way I can get better.
My Email Is
CMDR_DUFF@YAHOO.COM

Hmm I’ll think about it and maybe I’ll do a lemon with Tenchi and
Sakua.
Or anyone you all can think of. Next time I preoberly wont to a cross
over like this one, they will all be Tenchi Muyo characters