This just came into my head a little while ago. Anyone can take it up.

I've also taken a liberty... you'll see what.

The two teenagers ran through the forest, laughing as they went. The girl
was well ahead of the young man, whose hair was pulled back in a rattail.
The girl had a long, purple ponytail.

Eventually, the girl found a suitable root and fell carefull, rolling as she
did, managing to get the young man to fall on top of her, losing his glasses
as he did so.

For a moment they lay there, out of breath, and they listened to the birds
and the wind in the forest.

"I love you, Achika."

"And I love you, Nobu-chan."

It wasn't clear who started the kiss, but it was deep, and lasted for
several minutes, and broke only for an alarmed yelp by Nobuyuki.

"HEY!"

"What... don't you like that?"

"Well.. it's improper! What if someone were to see us?" It was an indignant
hiss, but not an angry one.

"Oh, come on..." She started loosening his belt. "You know you want it as
much as I do..."

Nobuyuki's resolve was fading. "Please... someone might see..."

"Oh, you're no fun!" Achika broke into a pout, and turned away."

"I'm sorry... if we could find somewhere that noone could possibly come..."

"Including us?"

"Achika!"

"It's all right... I have the perfect place." With a sly grin, Achika
reached into her dress- causing Nobuyuki much flustering- and pulled out a
large, iron key. "I thought you might say something like that, so I made
preparations."

"Is that what I think it is?"

"Yep. Noone's been down there for seven hundred years!" She flashed another
sly grin. "Let's show them old bones how it's done."

*****

Hot.

Sweaty.

Breathless.

Both teenagers rolled on the floor, hands darting from place to place within
their clothing.

*Clunk*

They stopped as a grating noise suddenly started, stone grinding against
stone. They couldn't see anything, and continued as best they could in the
gloom.

"YAAAAHHHHH!"

Both found the passageway that had opened up in the wall.

"What is this place?"

"This must be the heart of the tomb!" Achika's voice was hoarse with shock.
"The demon..."

Her voice trailed off as a monstrous, broken shape started to raise out of
the well of light in front of them...

-=-=-=-

Ryoko walked alongside the lake, slow, deliberate paces. every so often
she'd throw a stone into the water and see how much of a splash she could
make... frequently massive ones.

'Nearly seven hundred years... I hope that this world has changed a bit from
what it was.'

She sat down, and flopped back, head on her arms, looking up at the sky. It
was, she reflected, just her luck to be awoken by a courting couple. Indeed,
the first cute guy and he turns out to be attatched.

There would be other fish.

Fish...

What the hell was she thinking of? She ought to wake Ryoohki, before
anything else.

Where the hell had she left her?

Sitting up, she rolled up her sleeves, and strode into the water, looking
carefully around for the remains of the ship.

*****

"You're WHAT!?"

"Achika, I hoped it would be a while before I told you this. I am actually
the same person who sealed that demon away."

Nobuyuki was shocked even more than Achika. Mad, he thought. They're mad. My
girlfriend's an alien. Her dad... her dad now looks twenty and has purple
hair?

"Yes, daughter, I am the great samurai Yosho. I sealed her away, and now,
due to your... attempted indiscretion- which we will discuss later- I may
have to deal with a terrible threat. I don't feel like trying to defeat that
woman again, but I may have to."

Achika stayed sitting and silent. She could see that there had to have been
a better way of telling her, but this had kinda pushed the issue.

Nobuyuki was sitting and shaking. He didn't want to think about what his
probable father-in-law would do to him. Transport him to Mars?  Yuggoth?
Halcedama?

"Did you retrieve the sword?"

"What?"

"The sword, daughter, the sword. It is the only weapon that can defeat that
monstrosity."

"Sorry, father. I didn't see it."

"Let us go, then." Yosho sighed. Things would never be simple again.

Then, things got worse.

A massive shadow blotted out the sun over the house.

A woman, with long, purple hair strode in the door, flanked by two   flying
Logs.

"Greetings. We were in the vicinity, and detected the signature of the dread
Pirate Ryoko. I mean no trouble, but I will be here until her..." She
trailed off, staring at the group.

"Yosho?"

Yosho put his head in his hands, as he realised exactly who this was who had
arrived.

"And it's good to see you, Aeka-chan."

And the fates laughed, seeing the tangle of threads in the future.