DISCLAIMERS:
        I Do not own Tenchi Muyo! Or Bloody Roar.  Or any
affiliated characters or places.
Tenchi Muyo! Is owned by Pioneer.  Bloody Roar is
owned by Hudson and Activision.  I did not
create any characters herein.
        Fans of the Bloody Roar series will follow the story
better.  Those of you with a PS2 will
see elements from BR3.
        *THIS IS A LEMON FIC!  IF YOU ARE NOT 18 OR OLDER
TURN BACK
IMMEDIATELY! *
        That said, here's an intro.  Those of you who know
the plot to Bloody Roar can skip
down to the quote.

Chapter 1:

        As the twentieth century nears its end, mankind
confronts a change within itself.
Zoanthropes.  Beastmen.  Humans with the ability to
change into animals.  These para-humans
are feared and respected by humans as news of them
spreads.  Some band together, forming
alliances, political groups, mercenary troops, and so
on.  One company, Tylon was at the
forefront of Zoanthrope Research.  In a single night
Tylon had been destroyed.  From the ruins it
was discovered that Tylon had been kidnapping
zoanthropes and humans for use in hideous
experiments.  In light of these discoveries, those
responsible for the destruction of the building
were released of all charges.
        Years later, as tension grows between humans and
zoanthropes, an organization is
formed.  Calling itself the Zoanthrope Liberation
Front (ZLF) it claims to promote the interests
of zoanthropes, and fight for equal rights and no
discrimination.  The world learns too late that
the ZLF is actually a terrorist organization, involved
in the destruction of human buildings, and
the assassination of key human officials.  As well as
the same kinds of zoanthrope abductions
that Tylon had been involved in.  Humans begin to
distrust all zoanthropes, and those
zoanthropes that live peacefully among humans keep a
low profile.  To be called `zoanthrope' is
to soon have a lynch mob at one's door.  Such mobs
rarely last long when confronted with a true
zoanthrope, however, as even the most gentle beast is
a danger when angered.  Fear has driven
many good-natured zoanthropes into the ZLF for
protection.
        Seasons turn, the world turns, the past is as
immobile and unchangeable as stone.  But the
future is always being written.

"The past.  It can be like an enemy.  You can confront
it, or run from it.  And like an
enemy, it will come back to haunt you for unresolved
issues.  You can no more escape your past
than the sun can escape the day.  Inevitability.  I
know now that running from my past was not
the answer.  I only hope that the sins of my past
bring no more harm to those that I love."
                                        -Long

        The dream was always the same.  It still haunted her.
 Uriko tossed and turned in her
sleep as once again, the nightmare invaded her dreams.
        She was in the lab deep underneath the Tylon
building.  But she wasn't herself.  Through
the haze of the drugs, her conscious mind was
aware-barely-that her body was radically different.
It was the body of a full-grown woman, not that of a
seven year old girl.  She hovered a few
inches off the ground, and every now and then arcs of
electricity ran over her body.  The doctor
had let her out.  Unleashed her would be a more
appropriate term, for the building was under
attack.  The five of them were in the laboratory now.
The assassins had failed.  One had gone
insane and launched himself off the top of the
building.  The other one was an experiment of
Tylon that finally broke down and melted into a puddle
of goo.  Uriko knew because she had
watched it.  The stasis pods that she and the other
experiments were kept in were meant to put
them out, but for some reason, Uriko's rational mind
had been awake.  She watched as one of the
five, a man named Long, led the others into the lower
levels of the lab.  He used to be an assassin
for Tylon, and was able to use his code clearance for
the first few levels.  From there they had to
fight.  Of the other four, Uriko only recognized two
as they stood before her.  One was Alice.
That's what the guards had called her when they had
shared a cell.  Uriko had helped Alice
escape, and that was what made them use her in they
experiment she was in now.  "Project
Chimera" they called it.  The other one she recognized
was her mother.  Mitsuko Tsukagami, a
large woman whose strength was evident in the plethora
of guards she left in her wake.  The
other two, a young man of about 18, and an older man
with a scar, she didn't know.  There were
tears in her mother's eyes as Uriko stepped forward.
"Kill them all" the doctor had ordered as he
fled the scene.  Strange man, the doctor, not all
there, which only made him more terrifying.  The
five invaders took positions around her, and attacked.

        Uriko woke in a cold sweat.  Somehow, every time she
had that dream (which,
thankfully, was less and less often now) she was
surprised to wake up in her own bed.  It had
been ten years since then.  The five of them had
subdued her, and forced the other scientists to
change her back to normal.  She shuddered when she
remembered The Beast.  The Chimera.  A
killing machine, it had been huge.  It had teeth,
enormous spikes on its back, and huge claws.  It
had been terrifying; it had been.her.
        She walked down to the bathroom and splashed her face
with cold water.  On her way
back to her room, she looked with regret to Alice's
empty room.  With no family of her own,
Uriko's mother had adopted Alice, who was then
sixteen.  Uriko's mother was really very sweet
and tended to be a little overprotective of everybody.
 Uriko was saddened when her sister left
home to become a nurse, but there was nothing she
could do.
        She couldn't get back to sleep, but she thought about
what happened after she was
restored.  She was introduced to the others who had
saved her.  She had heard the scientists talk
about Long, so he needed no introduction.  The young
man was Yugo, and the older man was
Gado, a soldier.  He spoke with a French accent, when
he spoke at all.  He and Yugo were
anxious to destroy the rest of Tylon's creations.
They tried asking her questions, but she was in
no condition to answer them.  She was surprised that
now, ten years later, she could answer the
questions that they put to her then.
        The chief scientist was Doctor Busuzima, a deranged
man that loved to torture his
"subjects".  There were several other projects besides
Chimera.  Bakuryu was one, although the
latest model had still been untested, and the previous
model would eventually break down on a
cellular level.  There were eight others in Project
Chimera.  But most of them were
uncontrollable.  Uriko had caught a glimpse of the
others once, and they had been in chains in
their stasis pods.  They had decided to unleash her
because they could control her.  Because she
was younger.  They had been surprised that she had
survived the process at all. The scientists had
named each of them after a planet.  With the ones
further away from the Sun being the ones that
were less human, and consequently more powerful.  She
had been Mars.  Venus and Saturn had
been destroyed in the fight, and Neptune and Pluto had
gone berserk and killed each other
earlier.
        Uriko shuddered whenever she thought of The Beast,
and she had never even attempted
to transform once in the past ten years.  She had
lived a normal, healthy, human life.  Well,
except for the nightmares, everything was normal.
Tylon was gone.  The building burned to the
ground.  Gado, Yugo, and Long each went their separate
ways.  The shadows of the past were no
more.  Uriko went back to bed.

*********************

        At the Masaki Residence, everyday was another battle
in an endless war.  Every meal
was a banquet, and every young man in the house (read
as: Tenchi) wondered if he would ever
get used to it all.  Ryoko was regaling Sasami and
Mihoshi with a story.  She was telling them
that she had just seen the Mountain Man.  Aeka scolded
her, saying that the Mountain Man was a
myth, and not to be believed, and to stop filling
Sasami's heads with such nonsense.
        Tenchi carefully hid a smile.  He knew the truth.  He
had been visiting his grandparents
when the man had shown up at the shrine, deeply
troubled.  He had asked Katsuhito, Tenchi's
grandfather, if the mountains were a place of peace
and solitude.  Katsuhito had said yes, and the
man thanked him and climbed further into the
mountains.  That first night there had been some
screaming in the mountains that had scared the
then-eight-years-old Tenchi, but after that, the
man became a hermit, and avoided all people.  Tenchi
suspected that Ryoko, having been in that
cave all that time, also knew the truth but was just
telling stories for Sasami's benefit.  And to
scare Mihoshi.
        Aeka and Ryoko were getting ready to fight.
        "The Mountain Man isn't nonsense!  I've seen him with
my own eyes!"
        "Perhaps you were too drunk to discern a Mountain Man
from a wild animal." Aeka
retorted.
        "Are you calling me a liar?" Ryoko said with a
dangerous edge in her voice.
        Tenchi got between them.  "All right, settle down,
you two.  This isn't worth destroying
the house over!"
        "Tenchi" Ryoko said "tell her that the Mountain Man
is real, you've seen him!"
        "Lord Tenchi, will you please make Ryoko stop this
nonsense?" Aeka said
        "Well.there is a hermit living in the mountains."
        "Ha!" Ryoko said, sticking out her tongue.
        ".But your crazy stories about him aren't really
true, Ryoko.  He's just some guy that
wants to be alone."
        Sasami spoke up.  "We should bring him some food, and
invite him down here with us."
        Tenchi shook his head.  "I don't think so Sasami, he
wants to be alone, I don't want to
bother him unless it's really important.  Let's just
leave him alone."

********************

        Uriko walked home from school.  Her best friend,
Kenji, hadn't been to school the past
few days, so she couldn't ride on his bike.  Kenji was
almost two years older than she was, and
he was usually very shy.  Uriko had rebounded from her
horrible experiences and was a very
social, bubbly person.  She sort of bullied Kenji into
being friends with her, but he didn't seem to
mind too much.  In fact, he was a little less
withdrawn in her presence, and she was the only one
who really knew anything about him.  He had no
parents.  He had no memory of any parents.
His earliest memories were of being "adopted" at the
age of eight (or close to it, he had no idea
when his birthday really was, he celebrated it on the
day he was adopted) by a young man ten
years older than him.  The two lived together, and
were like brothers to each other, although
Kenji obviously also saw his "brother" as a father
figure.
        Uriko turned the corner into the alleyway behind her
mother's store, and what she saw
made her jump back.  Her mother was surrounded by
goons.  They all had guns, but none of
them were trained on her.  A man stood before her.
She gasped when she saw him.  It was Long,
the man from the lab in her dreams/memories.  No, it
couldn't be him.  There was
something.different.  When he spoke, there was a note
of cruelty in his voice that would never
be present in Long's quiet voice.
        "If you will not join the ZLF willingly, you will be
taken by force." He sneered at
Uriko's mother.
          Mitsuko took a combat stance.  "I'd like to see you
try" she said in her deep voice.
        He gave a smirk, then he lashed out with a single
blow so fast, that Uriko barely saw
anything.
        Mitsuko fell to the ground, unconscious.
        Uriko was shocked.  Her mother was a strong woman,
stronger than most men.  *I have
to do something.  I'll transform and show these jerks
who's boss! *  With that she called on her
beast within, focusing on her rage.
        "Meeeeeooooowwwww!" was all that emerged from her
mouth.  She looked down and
saw that she was only partially transformed.  She
looked like a cat-person.  She had fur, short
claws and a feline tail.  Looking in a nearby puddle,
she saw that she had cat-like ears and
whiskers, even small fangs.  But she was not fully
transformed.
        *Oh no! * she thought.  *Those experiments must have
messed up my body!  I can't
transform! *  She watched helplessly as the men loaded
her mother into a truck and drove off.
Uriko began to cry.
        "That must be frustrating" came a voice from the
shadows.
        "Wh-who's there?" Uriko asked.
        An attractive woman of indeterminate age stepped out.
 She wore a tight dress and stiletto
heels.  And even though Uriko was only half-beast, she
could smell that this woman was not
entirely human.
        "You.you're a zoanthrope!  Why didn't you stop those
men?"
        "It is not my place to interfere.  I am just to
watch, and to assist."
        "I don't need your help, I'll get my mother back by
myself."
        "Really?  Do you know whom you face?  That man you
saw is the leader of the ZLF,
although in truth he is little more than a puppet.  He
looks much like your friend Long, does he
not?"
        "Friend?  I don't even know him. I only know."
Uriko's voice trailed off as she realized
that she knew quite a bit about Long.  Because he was
in the employ of Tylon, she had seen him
bring in zoanthropes for the scientists' experiments,
and she remembered how angry they were
when he left and betrayed them.
        "Yes" the woman said.  "You only know.not enough to
help you.  My name is Jenny.
That's not my real name, but it will suffice.  I can
take you to a person who can help you.
Without his help, you will surely fail."
        "All right" Uriko said grudgingly.  "Let me get some
things packed"
        "Hurry up" Jenny said, "my car is the black one down
the street."

**********************

        Noboyuki was staring out the window.  He was about to
leave for work, when he looked
out the window and saw what would make any man stop.
He was looking at probably the most
gorgeous woman to grace the Earth.  She had
shoulder-length blonde hair, a beautiful face, legs
that just went on forever, and the tight outfit she
wore not only outlined her perfect behind, but
created some amazing cleavage.  She was standing in
front of the house looking up the shrine
steps.  There seemed to be someone else with her, but
Noboyuki wasn't really paying attention.
        "Tenchi!" he said.  "Come on outside, we have some
guests."  Tenchi, Noboyuki, Aeka,
Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki went outside.
        ".Now" the blonde woman was saying to the girl with
her, "The man you need is in
these mountains, he's a hermit.  Keeps mostly to
himself, but the people who live here and the
shrine priest should know where to find him."
        "Got it.  Thank you, Jenny" The girl said.
        Jenny shrugged.  "It's what I get paid for."  She got
in her car and drove away, leaving
the girl's duffel bag on the dirt road.
        The girl turned to them.  "Hi" she said with a cute
smile, "I'm Uriko."
        Noboyuki pushed Tenchi forward.  He smiled at her.
"Uh, hello.  My name is Tenchi,
nice to meet you."
        "Nice to meet you too.  You're kinda cute."
        Aeka and Ryoko immediately got in her face.
        "You just stay away from Lord Tenchi, he wants
nothing to do with commoners such as
yourself!" Aeka shouted.
        "Yeah" Ryoko said menacingly, "so back off!"
        "Get away from me!" Uriko said, trying to bat them
away.  But it really didn't look too
threatening, and actually came off as kind of cute.
        "Hi" Sasami said, walking up to her.  "My name is
Sasami, it's nice to meet you!"  She
extended her hand, and Uriko shook hands with her.
        "Hi Sasami!" Uriko said, immediately returning the
girl's bright attitude.  "Are those two
always like that?"
        "Well, yeah, pretty much, don't worry, they won't
really hurt you.  So, what are you
doing here?"
        "I need to find a man who lives in these mountains.
But I don't know where to start
looking!"
        "Well" Noboyuki said, "you can stay with us until you
finish your business.  We have
plenty of room."  Aeka and Ryoko fumed at that.
        Uriko smiled.  "Thank you mister."
        "Masaki" he said.  "Noboyuki Masaki.  Tenchi is my
son.  The two young ladies over
there are Aeka and Ryoko.
        "Ow!" Uriko said and clutched her head.
        Washu ran around from behind her, with a hair in her
hand.  "Thanks for your assistance
in my latest science experiment!"
        "Science experiment?" Uriko said horrified as her
face went pale.
        Tenchi scratched his head.  "Aww, don't worry, that's
just Washu.  She's always like that
too.  Well, why don't I show you to a room?  Then I
can take you up to the shrine to meet
Grandpa.  Maybe we can find your Mountain Man today."
        "Yipee!  Thanks!" Uriko shouted and threw her arms
around Tenchi who immediately
began to blush.  She removed herself before Aeka or
Ryoko could do anything to her.

******************

        After dropping off Uriko's belongings in an extra
room, everybody headed up to the
shrine.  Except for Noboyuki, who was at work, Washu,
who was in her lab, and Mihoshi and
Kiyone, who were in town at the moment.
        When they reached the shrine, there was nobody in
sight.
        "Grandpa?" Tenchi called.
        He went into the shrine office and saw Katsuhito
sitting down to tea with the Mountain
Man.  He didn't look like a man who had not seen
civilization in ten years.  He was clean-shaven
for one thing, and his clothes looked pretty clean.
His hair was pretty long, however, about
waist-length.  Then Tenchi remembered that he had had
long hair to begin with.  He must have
had it cut.  Tenchi had almost forgotten that the man
was Chinese.
"Sit down, Tenchi" Katsuhito said.  "I'm just having
my monthly visit from Long."
"Long?" Tenchi said, "are you the hermit in the
mountains?"
Long gave a simple nod.  Tenchi knew enough Chinese to
know that Long meant dragon.
"Mr. Long?  There's someone here to see you."
Long raised an eyebrow.  "Who could it be?  The only
living person I am acquainted with
is your grandfather.  I come down every month and he
lets me shave, wash my clothes and have
a little bit of conversation."  He turned to
Katsuhito.  "Did you tell anybody.?"
"No.  Tenchi did not even know until now."
"Well, looks like you were right about keeping me for
a few more hours."
Tenchi spoke up.  "Should I bring her in?"
"No, I will go out"
As Tenchi and Long left the shrine office Uriko spoke
out.
"You!  It.it's you!  You're Long, aren't you?  From
Tylon.  I knew it!  You look just
like HIM!"
"Calm yourself, child.  How do you know me?"
"My name is Uriko.  You helped save me from Tylon.
You look just like that guy."
"Whom do I resemble?"
"The man who kidnapped my mother.  Oh, I'm sorry.
Nobody wants to be told that they
look like someone so evil."
"He.he resembles me?"
"Yes.  He said he works for the ZLF.  A friend told me
that he is the leader, but that that's
not entirely true.  He may just be a puppet."
"Hmm.  Well.  A puppet leader is an effective way to
dodge assassins."
"Yeah, and my friend says nobody, not even the CIA
knows anything about him, other
than his name."
"Your friend seems privy to some very important
information.  What is his name?"
"Shenlong.  Ohmygod!  Shenlong.Long.  There must be a
connection.  Oops!  I did it
again!  I'm sorry."
"This is most disturbing.  It seems I have been away
from the world too long.  It has
become overrun by evil."
"One more thing.  My friend, she said you could help
me.  Help me train so I can rescue
my mother."
"Train you?  You want an old hermit like me to train
you?  I have turned my back on the
world, child.  Still.I do need to train myself if I am
to get at the bottom of this."
"Is that a yes?"
He looked down at her.  "Do you really think you have
what it takes?"
She looked him in the eye.  "Yes, sir, I do."
Katsuhito spoke up.  "Perhaps we can help you.  Tenchi
needs to train harder as well.
Perhaps Uriko could learn from me as well as you.
Tenchi and the girls can be formidable
adversaries.  They may not be zoanthropes, but they
can bring a lot to a battle."
"Perhaps that would be for the best" Long said.

******************

Tenchi and Uriko trained hard over the next month.
While Tenchi would sometimes
watch Long, and Uriko would learn from Katsuhito, it
was soon clear that Uriko was more
Long's student and that Tenchi was the student of
Jurai swordsmanship.

(One month after Uriko's arrival):
        "Hiya!" Uriko yelled as she performed a series of
flying kicks, and landed on her behind.
        Long was watching from the sides.  "That wasn't too
bad.  You know the technique, but
you put too much momentum into it.  You don't give
yourself time to land properly."
        "Yes, sensei"
        "Sensei?" Long said, amused.
        "Well, yeah.  That's what Tenchi told me one calls
one's teacher."
        He laughed.  "All right then, sensei it is.  Now try
it again."
        Further away, Tenchi stood absolutely still in the
middle of a clearing.  He was listening
for his grandfather.  He had to be on guard at all
times.
        Ryoko appeared near him.  "Whatcha doin' Tenchi?"
        "Ryoko" he whispered, "please go away, I'm training."
        "Come on, Tenchi.  I could teach you things that that
old man never could" With that, she
began to describe to him exactly what it was she had
to offer.  Blood began to trickle down
Tenchi's nose, but he didn't dare wipe at it or run
away because his grandfather could be
anywhe- *snap* A twig.  Tenchi pushed Ryoko aside and
met Katsuhito's bokken with his own.
The Tenchi followed up with a quick strike that
actually landed because Katsuhito had thought
Tenchi unaware of his presence.
        "Very good, Tenchi.  I had thought you too distracted
to be on guard."
        "And you still attacked anyway, right?"
        "You must never let down your guard, Tenchi."  With
that, Katsuhito knocked the
bokken out of Tenchi's hand and floored him with a hit
to the head.  ".Never, ever let down
your guard."
        Tenchi rubbed his head.  "After that, I'll never
trust another old person again."
        "Katsuhito" Ryoko said, "may I speak to Tenchi alone
for a moment?"
        "Sure, Ryoko.  We'll just take a break for a few
minutes."  Katsuhito walked away.
        "Tenchi." Ryoko said.
        "Yes, Ryoko?"
        "Do you have to go off with this girl?  I mean, I
don't trust her."
        "Ryoko!  She's trying to save her mother.  We have to
help her."
        "That's not what I meant.  I believe her on that
note, but I don't trust her intention with
you"
        "With me?"
        "Tenchi, she always takes either mine or Aeka's place
next to you at meals.  And she's
always real close to you, or holding hands all the
time."
        "Ryoko, she's just friendly.  I have friends at
school who are like that.  Some people are
just more affectionate than others.  Some people, no
matter how close they are to someone, like
to have their personal space.  Others like to be in
close proximity, even touching their friends and
loved ones all the time.  And from the way she
describes her mother, that's where she gets it."
        "I don't think it's that simple, Tenchi.  She's after
you.  She's made it abundantly clear
that she likes you.  And I'm worried.  Aeka doesn't
worry me as much.  She's too up-tight to
make any moves on you, but this girl is very forward-"
        "Just like you, Ryoko?" Tenchi interrupted her with a
wry smile.
        "Tenchi, I love you.  I'm just expressing my love."
        "Ryoko, I know you care about me.  Uriko does, too.
And you're both very affectionate
people.  But you know, she doesn't make half the
advances you do.  And she's not nearly
so.how can I put this.?"
        "X-rated?"
        "Brazen.  Just leave her alone, Ryoko.  No force on
Earth could make me stop caring
about you.  Or any of the girls.  You're all very
important to me."
"All right, Tenchi" Ryoko said sullenly.
"Now, grandpa's on his way back here, so I gotta go
back to training.  See you at dinner,
Ryoko."
"Bye, Tenchi."

******************
That night, at dinner:

Long, who now ate with the rest of them and even lived
in the house, spoke up.  "Uriko,
you have come very far in the last month.  I would be
more comfortable training you some more
before we head out, but time is a luxury that we do
not have."
Tenchi looked at him.  "Does that mean we're leaving?"
Long nodded.  "As soon as we can."
"Tomorrow morning, then?"
"Yes.  Washu, could you locate the headquarters of the
ZLF?"
"Way ahead of you.  I've already done a lot of
research on the ZLF.  Seems that they've
been kidnapping people from the beginning, it just
took awhile for the rest of the world to learn
about it."
"And this.Shenlong?"
"I was about to get to that.  It seems that not only
does nobody know anything about him,
there's nothing to know.  I traced birth records,
police files, newspapers; not a drop of
information.  Nobody can hide their tracks that well.
Something's not right about it.  And his
name.  I looked it up a Chinese dictionary.  It means
Dragon God.  He's either full of himself, or
really, really good.  Or both.
"Oh, one more thing.  It would seem that this ZLF has
connections to an old company
called Tylon."
"TYLON!" Uriko and Long said together.
"Yes.  Many of the kidnappers in the ZLF's employ used
to work for Tylon.  There are
two names you might want to hear.  Their top assassin
goes by the name Bakuryu, and a scientist
named Busuzima has the leader's ear."
"Bakuryu?" Long said, "That's impossible.  He died
right in front of us when we
infiltrated Tylon."
"Which one was he?" Uriko asked.
"He was one of the best.  The best after I left.  A
master of the Kato school of ninjitsu.  I
later discovered that there were several Bakuryus,
because of the genetic experiments of Tylon.
But each one would eventually lose stability and turn
into a puddle of organic tissue.  Not a
pretty sight.  I checked the files, and he was the
last one of that series.  If there ever was a real
Bakuryu, I'm sure he died a long time ago.  Stealing
his secrets from him probably killed him."
"What if he was a later model?"
"What?"
"A later model.  I.I heard the scientists talk about
project Bakuryu.  They had said that
the old model was obsolete, and they were starting a
new one.  But it was still in the
development tank when you guys invaded, so they
couldn't use it."
"What's a development tank?" Tenchi asked.
"I can answer that one" Washu said, "A development
tank is what you put a genetically
created organism in to force its growth.  Kagato
forced me to put Ryoko in one so she could be
of use to him.  My research shows that Tylon had the
technology to make clones with inherent
knowledge, like the ninja techniques.  That would make
him pretty dangerous at a young age.  If
he was too young to be of use, he must have just been
a kid."
"It's been ten years," Uriko said.
"Right, so if he can be used now, but couldn't have
been then, you're looking at this
assassin being somewhere around 18 years old.  He must
have gotten out of the lab before it was
destroyed.  How someone could grow up like that,
though.no past, no family.  And unless
someone had already awakened his "inheritance", he
would have no memories, and no survival
skills.  Somebody must have taken him in, until the
ZLF came to collect him for use in his
original purpose."
Uriko gasped. "Kenji!"
Everyone looked at her.
"What?" Long asked.
"My best friend, Kenji.  He had no memories of any
kind until he was about 8.
Somebody took him in and adopted him.  But about a
week before I came here, he disappeared
and so did his caretaker.  He's usually very quiet,
doesn't talk a whole lot."
"That would make sense" Washu said, "If he has a lot
of buried memories, the something
in his mind is always trying to access that part of
his mind."
"Wait" Long said, alarmed, "does that mean that he
could have accessed those techniques
on his own?"
Washu shook her head.  "Like picking a safe with a
toothpick.  Wouldn't happen."
Uriko looked worried.  "Oh, no.  If it is Kenji, we
can't hurt him!  He's my friend, we
have to save him too."
"Don't worry, Uriko, we will." Tenchi said
comfortingly.  "Anything else, Washu?"
"Nope.  I'll teleport you all the ZLF headquarters in
the morning."
"Sounds good.  Now lets all get some sleep."

**********************
That night, in Tenchi's room:

Uriko knocked softly on the door, then opened it.
"Tenchi?" she whispered.
Tenchi rolled over in his bed.  "Uriko?  What is it?"
"Shh.  I can't get to sleep.  Can I stay with you?"
Tenchi stood up, wearing only his boxers.  "Sure.  But
I think it's only fair to warn you
that I can't sleep either."
"Thanks" Uriko said and gave Tenchi a quick kiss.
"What was that for?"
"For being such a sweet guy.  And this." she kissed
him again, longer this time, pulling
him into her, ".is for all you've done for me.  But
this." once again she kissed him, this time
using her tongue.  Tenchi's surprise had worn off, and
he found himself responding, putting his
arms around her as their tongues danced in each
other's mouths.  ".is for just being so cute and
sexy."  With that, she kissed him again, and again he
responded.  As they kissed, Uriko moved
him towards the bed.
Tenchi pulled away.  "Uriko."
"Tenchi, I." Uriko looked away.
He cupped her face in his hand.  "Uriko" said, looking
into her eyes.
"Yes?"
He put his arms around her again and kissed her.
"Tenchi" she said breathlessly, pulling
away for a moment, then she kissed him again, and
pushed him onto the bed.  She lay on top of
him, not releasing him from their kiss.  After making
out like this for awhile, she rolled over and
pulled him on top of her.  "Take me" she said pulling
away from their kiss.
"Uriko, I don't."
She kissed him again.  "Make love to me, Tenchi.  I
want it, I do.  I love you, Tenchi."
She reached down and slid her hands down his boxers
and felt his already hard member hot in
her hands.  She looked him in the eyes.  "Please,
Tenchi, I know you want it too.  Make love to
me."  She leaned up and kissed him again.
With that, Tenchi's resolve melted, and he put his
hands on her sides, sliding upwards.
When his hands reached her breasts she gave a soft
moan.  He began kneading her breasts
through her nightgown; this brought further moans from
Uriko's lips.  She wasn't nearly as well
endowed as Ryoko (few women are), but, Tenchi decided,
they were a nice size.  Not too big,
not too small, a little over a handful, just nice.
Uriko kissed Tenchi on the neck and worked her
way down, kissing.  This forced him to stop his
massage and sit up, letting Uriko kiss her way
down.  Tenchi had changed from the scrawny kid who had
run from Ryoko at his school.
Interstellar battles and rigorous training gave him a
sleek, muscular look, and washboard abs.
Abs that Uriko's lips had made their way down to.  She
pulled off his shorts and gave a little coo
when she saw his member. *Wow * she thought.  *It
looks bigger than it did that time when I
peeked at him in the onsen. *  She continued kissing
him, finally planting a kiss on the tip of his
manhood before sitting up and kissing him on the lips.
His hands slid up her nightgown, rubbing her smooth
thighs.  Uriko rocked her head back
and sighed.  He began to remove her nightgown, and she
raised her arms so he could get it all the
way off.  He gazed at her for a moment, then put his
arms around her and kissed her again.  He
felt her breasts pressed against his chest, and he
could feel her long hair on his hands at the small
of her back.  She had let out her braid, and the ends
of her hair tickled his knuckles so he slid his
hands around to her hips.
He put his forehead to hers.  "Uriko are you sure."
She kissed him.  "Yes" she breathed, "I love you,
Tenchi, make love to me." She lay
back on the bed, spreading her legs.  ".now"
He leaned over her, putting his hands on either side
of her shoulders.  She helped him
guide himself into her.  When he encountered her
hymen, she gasped and arched her back
upwards.  Time seemed to freeze for Uriko.  *This is
it, moment of truth.  Now or never. *  She
looked into his eyes as she pulled him into her.  She
bit her lip and gave a slight squeak as he
tore her, and continued in until he was inside her
completely.
"Are you okay?" he said, concern in his eyes and his
voice.
Touched by his concern, she smiled and nodded.  Then
she began bucking her hips
slowly, urging him to continue.  Continue he did, and
they moved together in a slow, rhythmic
movement.  Uriko started moaning.  "Mmmm, oh.  Mmm,
Tenchi, yes.  Oh, Tenchi, I love you.
I love you, Tenchi.  Oh."  Tenchi increased the motion
as he felt his own orgasm approaching.
"U.Ur.Uriko-o-oh-OH!"  Tenchi arched his back as he
shot his seed into her.  That
was more than she could take and she arched her back,
pushing up against him as her own
orgasm shook her.
As it subsided, Tenchi lay on top of her, both
breathing heavily.  He pulled back a little
bit, and she kissed him.  He started to pull out of
her.  "No, don't" she said.  "Stay with me.  Like
this."  And they kissed again.  He nodded and cuddled
up next to her.  Exhausted, they fell
asleep.

******************

The next morning:

"Tenchi!" came the voice of Ryoko, very close to
Tenchi's head.  He woke up groggily,
then he remembered last night, and snapped awake.  If
Ryoko found Uriko in his bed.  But she
was nowhere to be seen.  She must have gotten up and
left.
"What are you looking for Tenchi?  I'm right here."
Ryoko said.
Tenchi turned and saw her.  "Oh, good morning, Ryoko.
It's just.nothing.  Nothing at
all.  Um, I guess I just had a dream that was very
real" He was completely oblivious to the fact
that Ryoko was naked.  Tenchi felt for his shorts
under the covers and slid them on.  Then he left
the room for the bathroom.
Ryoko was shocked.  When Tenchi woke up and
immediately started looking, with an
alarmed expression on his face, she had been
suspicious.  So she phased out her clothes in order
to get his attention.  He had completely ignored her.
That was distinctly unusual.  Normally, he
would get a nosebleed, the turn away and demand that
she cover herself.  *Something has
happened.  I just know it.  And I don't know why, but
I'm sure it was that Uriko! *  With that,
she phased down to breakfast.
Everybody except for Tenchi was seated already, and
Sasami and Uriko, who, as always,
made breakfast.  Ryoko looked into the kitchen with
suspicion.  Uriko didn't seem to be acting
any differently.  *But * Ryoko thought, *she could
just be a good actor.  As early as she gets up,
she had plenty of time to sneak down to her room and
get dressed before I could wake up Tenchi.
I should warn Aeka, in case I miss any clues. *  She
went into the dining room.  "Aeka, could I
talk to you for a moment, it's important."
"All right, Ryoko" Aeka said and they went to a corner
to talk quietly.
"Tenchi's acting weird."
"Well we are about to go off on a fairly important
mission, Ryoko, it's understandable if
he's a little tense."
"Not tense, Aeka.  In fact, he's a little too
relaxed."  And Ryoko told Aeka her
suspicions.
"You have no shame, do you?  Such displays are not
what Lord Tenchi finds attractive!"
"That's not the point, Aeka.  He had no reaction this
time.  He looked right at me and
said `good morning'."
"Yes, that is odd.  You're right.  I'll watch for
strange behavior in both of them."
"Good, we're in this together."
They clasped hands and sat down to breakfast, as
everybody else was there and ready to
eat.
Uriko sat next to Sasami this time, as Aeka and Ryoko
refused to let her sit next to
Tenchi.  So she sat across from him, and played
footsie with him throughout the meal.  Tenchi
kept his eyes steadfastly on his food, ignoring the
reaction Uriko was giving him.  Uriko also
never looked up, but she was hard pressed to suppress
a smile the whole time.
"Why are you so happy?" Aeka asked suspiciously.
Uriko looked up.  "Who, me?  Nothing, It's just that
last night I had a." *Mind-blowing
orgasm * ".really nice dream."
Aeka and Ryoko narrowed their eyes, but said nothing
more.
"Another fine meal" Long said after breakfast was
over.  "I should've spent more time
here than in the mountains"
"Thank you!" Uriko and Sasami said in chorus.
"Is everybody ready?" Long asked.
Everybody got ready to go, Aeka and Tenchi changed
into Jurai battle gear with the
stripes on their cheeks.  Ryoko changed into
battle-mode as well.  Long just wore a pair of
khakis and a tank top that stretched over his muscular
frame.  Around his wrists and ankles he
wore the heavy weights that he always trained with.
Tenchi had picked one up once.  They must
have weighed at least five pounds each, if not more.
Uriko changed into the shirt that Long had
given to her.  The arms were a little long, so her
hands didn't leave the sleeves.  *I never realized
how cute that was. * Tenchi thought as he looked at
her.  Then he looked around the room as a
cover in case anyone had seen him.
Someone had.  Two someones.  Aeka and Ryoko glared at
Uriko as they made
preparations.
"I do believe you're right about her, Ryoko.  She did
something."
"I'm gonna find out what." Ryoko said and started
towards her.
"Wait, Ryoko.  Let's ask Miss Washu.  She would know,
or she could find out.  If you do
anything to Uriko, especially if you're right about
her, Tenchi will be very cross."
"Maybe you're right.  Let's go see Washu."
The two of them went into the lab.
*Oh, good, they're gone * Uriko thought.  She walked
over to Tenchi.  "Tenchi?"
"Yes, Uriko?"
"First of all, could you please call me Uri-chan?  All
my friends do, and you.well,
you're closer to me than most of my friends."
"Okay Uri-chan"
She smiled at him.  "Second, what are your gonna do
about Aeka and Ryoko?  They've
been looking at me all morning.  Like they want to
kill me."
"Uh-oh, you know, they're pretty crazy.  They'll be
pissed if they find out what's
happened.  Oh, jeez, they might already know!  They
could've heard you, and Washu, too she
knows everything -wait!  Didn't they just go in
there?!  She'll tell them!  Oh, no!"
"Chill out, Tenchi!  Washu won't tell them anything.
And they didn't hear a thing last
night."
"How can you be so sure?"
"I made a deal with Washu to sound-proof your room and
to keep her mouth sealed in the
event that you and I hooked up."
"You planned this!?  Well what did she get?"
Uriko shuddered.  "I gave her the `sample' she wanted.
 Oh, man.  Why do medical
instruments always have to be so cold?  That tube
wasn't nearly as pleasant in there as you were,
Tenchi."  She gave him a suggestive glance, and he
began to blush.  "Here they come."
Washu, Aeka and Ryoko were exiting the lab.  Aeka and
Ryoko didn't look as pissed, but
they still shot Uriko dirty looks.
"What did you tell `em, Washu?" Uriko asked, pulling
the scientist aside.
"Relax, I showed them a video of you two last night."
"What!?" Uriko whispered between clenched teeth.
".Digitally modified to show you asking to stay with
Tenchi, and then just cuddling
with him all night."
"Oh, thank heaven!"
"Don't thank heaven, dear, thank science, it's more
concrete.  And thank me, Washu-
chan, Greatest Scientific Genius In The Universe!"
"Thank you Washu-chan" Uriko said and gave her a hug.
"Thanks for everything!"
"No problem.  Now, lets get you all where you need to
be!"
With that, Washu opened up a portal leading to the ZLF
headquarters.
Sasami waved to everybody.  "Bye, Aeka.  Bye, Ryoko.
Bye Tenchi.  Bye, Yosho.  Bye,
Uri-chan.  Bye, Washu-chan.  Everybody be careful!
Don't get hurt!"
Tenchi, Aeka, Ryoko, Uriko, Washu, and Katsuhito
stepped through the portal.

And the journey began.