DISCLAIMERS:
        I Do not own Tenchi Muyo! Or Bloody Roar.  Or any
affiliated characters or places.
Tenchi Muyo! Is owned by Pioneer.  Bloody Roar is
owned by Hudson and Activision.  I did not
create any characters herein.
        Fans of the Bloody Roar series will follow the story
better.  Those of you with a PS2 will
see elements from BR3.
        *THIS IS A LEMON FIC!  IF YOU ARE NOT 18 OR OLDER
TURN BACK
IMMEDIATELY! *

Chapter 2:

        "Wars.  Some are fought for good causes, some for
evil ones.  And not all wars are
fought with soldiers and weapons.  Anytime you rally
against something.  Anytime two forces,
or two groups disagree strongly, there is a kind of
war.  Drugs.  Discrimination.  The issues
surrounding cloning and abortion.  All of these are
wars in their own right.  With battlefields
ranging from the streets, to courtrooms, to government
hearings.  War is not always a force of
destruction, but, more importantly for those who
survive it, it is a force of change.  Change is
important.  Change is necessary.  War is not always
pretty, but it is the harbinger of change.  And
war is, therefore, necessary.  A wise man does not
denounce all war, but rather denounces the
circumstances of massive loss of life used to satisfy
the greed of those in power."

-Katsuhito Masaki Jurai

        As Aeka, Ryoko, Long, Tenchi, Uriko, and Washu
stepped through the portal, they found
themselves standing in the front lot of a large
corporate building.
        Uriko felt a shiver run down her spine.  "Tylon used
to own this building.  I just know it"
        "Calm down, Uriko" Tenchi said.  "Don't get worked up
over nothing."
        "It's not nothing, I can feel it.evil.  This place is
evil.  Let's hurry and do what we came
here to do."
        "I believe you, child" Long said.
"You do?"
"Yes.  If you say that this place belonged to Tylon
and now belongs to the ZLF.well, it
wouldn't surprise me a bit."
"Well, well" Washu said, typing away on her astral
keyboard.  "It seems you're right,
Uriko.  This place was owned by a dummy corporation
whose CEO was an executive at Tylon
who never broke contact with his old employers.  It
seems that he was arrested a few years back
for crimes against humanity, several counts of murder,
including a few police officers,
embezzlement, and evading arrest.  Quite a charmer."
"Who's there?" came a voice from somewhere to the
side.  Everyone turned to see a ZLF
guard step out, holding a gun.  "who are you?"
Uriko stepped up.  "We're here to kick your butt!"
The guard sneered "Is that so?"  He grabbed his radio.
 "I need reinforcements down
here, couple of assholes with a death wi-"  He was cut
short by a blast from Ryoko that sent him
flying and knocked him out.
"Here they come" Long said calmly.
The guards filed down and quickly surrounded them.
"Freeze!" the leader shouted.
Tenchi and the others passed a quick glance around to
each other.  Not likely.
Aeka immediately raised a shield over the portion of
the guards that weren't in the circle
around them (About a third of their total number).
Ryoko had phased out and then in behind two
guards and smashed their heads together.  Tenchi
activated Tenchi-ken and disarmed a guard
before thrusting his elbow into the man's face,
downing him.  Katsuhito was putting his bokken
to good use, and had already broken arms and legs on
three guards.  Long was disabling guards
with one shot each, while Washu just zapped any who
got near her.  Uriko was still taking on her
first guard.  She delivered a flurry of blows to his
stomach, which didn't seem to phase him
much, then she kicked him in the groin.  He doubled
over, and she kneed him in the chin, then
spun and threw all her weight into another kick to the
groin.  The man passed out in pain.
Everyone looked around.  The only guards still
standing were in Aeka's shield.  She sent
a quick current through the shield, and all the guards
went unconscious.
"Everyone okay?" Tenchi asked.
"Yes, Lord Tenchi, fine" Aeka responded.
There was a rustle in the bushes.  Everyone turned and
a woman stepped out.  She was of
a medium build, but she had biceps bigger than
Tenchi's.  She wore a white shirt and camouflage
pants.  And her hair was.almost ridiculous.  Sort of
spiked up and back.  About seven inches
long.  "Who are you?" she said suspiciously.  She
looked at Uriko and Washu.  Then at Long and
Katsuhito.  "Did you kidnap these children?  You ZLF
scum are all the same."
Tenchi stepped forward.  "Now, wait a minute."
She punched him in the gut then elbowed him to the
ground.  "Hey!" Ryoko shouted and
flew towards her.  She dodged Ryoko's energy blast,
then knocked her aside with one shot.  She
examined her shoulder.  She hadn't dodged the blast as
well as she thought, as there was a slight
burn and some blood.
"Grrrrrr." She said and began to transform.  Fur
covered her body, her nails turned into
claws.  Her teeth became longer and sharper.  Her blue
eyes turned a feral green, and the long,
spikey hair on her head shortened to become fur as
well.
Tenchi had never seen a zoanthrope transform before,
he realized.  He quickly rolled out
of the way before the leopard-woman noticed him.
Ryoko got up and took a stance against her.  The
leopard-woman grabbed Ryoko by the
shoulders, and Ryoko grabbed hers as well.  The two of
them grappled, each trying to gain
control.  Ryoko lost.  The leopard-woman tore into
Ryoko's shoulder, and then made a vicious
swipe at her middle.  She heard a voice behind her.
"Stop right there!"  She turned and saw Mihoshi and
Kiyone, both with blasters trained
on her, not 4 feet away.
With lightning-quick reflexes, she moved to them and
kicked both guns out of their
hands.  Then kicked Mihoshi back a few feet, and
nailed Kiyone with a shot to the gut, followed
by a palm-strike to the forehead.  Then she felt a
foot behind hers.  Before she could react, she
was on the ground with Long's foot on her chest,
looking up at him.
"Change back" he said, moving the point of his shoe to
her neck.  "Now"
She changed back, her features reverting to normal.
"What do you want now, scum?"
"Listen, stop that.  We're not with the ZLF.  We just
took out these ZLF guards.  We're
on the same side."
"What?"
"We're trying to save this girl's mother, and her
friend.  The ZLF must be stopped."
"Well then, we are on the same side.  My name is
Shina.  If you would."
"Of course" Long said, and stepped off her.
"What are you doing?" Aeka shouted.
"She had already lost" Long said.  "Lying to us or us
lying to her would be pointless, so I
took what she said to be true.  It was just a
misunderstanding."
"What about your friend?" Shina asked.
"She's fine now" Washu called from where she knelt
beside Ryoko.
"I'm sorry, I was just really angry.  Crossed my path
at the wrong time, I guess."
Long nodded.  "Forgiven"
"What are you here for?" Tenchi asked.
"Trying to stop the ZLF, and more importantly, find
the leader.  I heard some rumor's
that my father might be the leader, and he hasn't been
seen for months."
"Well, the leader is a man named Shenlong, is he your
father?" Uriko asked.
"No"
"Wait" Tenchi said.  "Didn't you say that he was just
a puppet?  The real leader might be
her father."
"Hmm. Perhaps so.  Do you know anything about a lion
zoanthrope named Alan Gado?"
Long and Uriko looked up sharply.  Then they looked at
each other.
Uriko spoke up.  "I.is he French?"
"Yes, so am I."
"Does he have a scar over one eye?"
"You do know him!"
"Well he helped rescue me from Tylon 10 years ago.
Master Long here helped."
Shina looked at Long.  "You were involved in the Tylon
incident with my father?"  He
nodded.  "Well that's interesting, but I have to go.
I'll find another way in, maybe we'll meet up
somewhere inside.  And if you find out anything, let
me know."
"All right.  Bye."
Shina left.  The others turned to Kiyone and Mihoshi,
who had just been helped by
Washu.
"What are you two doing here?" Aeka asked.
"Investigating this ZLF.  Then we saw you guys and ran
to help."
"Hey!" Mihoshi said, "We should all travel in a group,
so we stand a better chance."
Kiyone started, "Mihosh- hey, wait, that's not such a
bad idea.  Nice one for a change."
"Gee, thanks, Kiyone!" Mihoshi said brightly, not
recognizing the veiled insult.
Washu had broken down the door and everybody went
inside.  They didn't notice a dark
figure dressed in black ninja gear leaving out of a
window and crawling up the side of the
building before leaping from rooftop to rooftop across
town.

************************

They met relatively little resistance as they
traversed the building.  It was a weekend, and
most of the workers were at home.  It was only midday,
but it felt later due to the overcast sky.
When they came to the lounge on the second floor, they
found several guards out cold.
"Shina's work?" Uriko asked.
"No" Katsuhito said, inspecting one of the bodies.
"These men have no claw marks, but
several large bruises and some broken bones.  Whoever
did this didn't use, or didn't have,
claws."
Uriko looked around the room.  When she looked at one
of the vending machines across
the room, she thought she saw something.  It looked
like the reflection of someone hiding behind
one of the machines near them.  Uriko sneaked away
from the others to investigate.  She jumped
around the corner at the person hiding and.
"Hiiiiiyaaaa-.Alice?" Uriko came up short.
>From where Tenchi was standing, all he could see was a
foot shoot out from behind a
vending machine and send Uriko flying into a couch.
"Oh, no!" came the voice behind the machine.  A rather
pretty young woman in a nurse's
outfit stepped out.  "Uriko?  Uriko are your okay?
I'm sorry sis."  She rushed to Uriko's side.
"Uri-chan, speak to me!"
Uriko looked at her.  "Jeez, sis..  Why'dja do that?"
She smiled wanly.
Alice smiled back.  "I'm gonna make sure you're all
right."  She began to check her over.
"You're fine"
"Good to hear, let me up."  Alice helped her up.  "So
are you here to help mom, too?
How did you find out?"
"What?" Alice said, "What's wrong with Aunt Mitsuko?"
Uriko stared at her.  "You didn't know?  She was
kidnapped by the ZLF."
Alice's hand flew to her mouth.  "Oh, no!  Is she
here?"
"We think so."
Alice looked to everybody.  "Hello, I'm Alice, Uriko's
sister.hey!  Aren't you Long?"
Long smiled.  "Nice to see you again, too, Miss
Alice."
"Wow!  How have you been?  Whoa, talk about a weird
day.  First I see Yugo, then
Uriko, now you!  And Aunt Mitsuko can't be here, but
if Gado were here it'd be like a reunion."
"We just met up with Gado's daughter."  Uriko said.
"Really?"
"Yeah, she looks just like him, without the scar.  She
says he might be the real leader of
the ZLF."
"What?  No.  Not Gado.  He wouldn't get into that kind
of thing."
Long cleared his throat.  "I must confess, that I,
too, find it hard to believe.  Gado was a
bit strange, and somewhat violent, but he always
struck me as a man of honor.  We will discover
the truth.  And what was that about Yugo?"
"Earlier today, Yugo ended up in the hospital I work
at.  Said something like `I looked
forever, finally found a lead, gotta go back and save
him'.  He wouldn't let me take a look at his
wounds, but he was pretty beat up.  But he was too
concerned with this `Kenji'"
"Kenji!" Uriko gasped.  "Is he the one who adopted
Kenji?"
"Oh, is this the same Kenji that you used to play
with, Uriko?"
"Yes, he went missing and so did his caretake-wait!
Yugo must have been the one who
adopted him!  And when the ZLF took Kenji, Yugo went
looking for him!  It all makes sense!"
"So.where does this Gado fit in?" Tenchi asked.
"That" Long said, "is what we must discover for
ourselves."
When they reached the fourth floor Alice had an idea.
"I think we may be going about
this the wrong way."
"How so?" Aeka said rudely.
"Well, in Tylon, all the important stuff was
underground.so shouldn't we be heading
down?"
"Makes sense to me" Uriko said.
Long nodded.  They all reversed direction and headed
for the basements.

**********************

Boxes.  Crates.  Storage facility.  Not the lab.  Must
find the lab.  Hatred.  Kill.  Revenge.
An abomination made its way through the lower levels
of the ZLF building.  One thought
and one thought only was burned into its mind.
"Bu-u-su-u-zi-i-i-i-i-ma-a"  *Blood *
A noise.  People.  Busuzima's men.  Kill

********************

The group made their way through the lower levels, and
soon found themselves amid
huge stacks of crates full of medical supplies.  Washu
began inspecting the crates.
"This is pretty advanced stuff for the Earth" she
said.  "Tylon might have had access to
this stuff, but nobody else."
"Well then" Katsuhito said, "what do we do with-"  He
stopped.
"What is it, Grandpa?" Tenchi asked.
"Down!" he barked.  "Now!"
Everyone hit the floor, and something blue streaked
over their heads and landed on the
floor in front of them in a heap.  It looked humanoid,
but it was covered in a chitanous carapace,
like an insect.  It was also wrapped in bandages all
over, letting only its toes, eyes and fingers
show.  It had a wool cap over its head, and was
wearing some kind of overalls.  It was curled up
on the floor, cursing.
"Needed.surprise.Too loud.Must kill."
"Everyone stand back!" Katsuhito ordered.  He readied
his bokken at the monster.  "Who
or what are you?"
"Stun.S-s-stun.Busuzima.Crimes.Pay.Kill.REVENGE!!"
And it leaped at
Katsuhito.
Katsuhito nimbly dodged and struck it with his bokken,
but it was too well armored to do
any good.
"Stun" Uriko said, clutching her head.  "Stun.ooh"
She collapsed as the memories
overtook her.
"Uri-chan!" Tenchi shouted and caught her before she
fell.  "Uri-chan are you all right?"

**********************

In the lab.  Tylon.  Awake.  Shouldn't be awake, but
awake.  Uriko didn't know why she
was awake when in her stasis pod, but she was.  She
was always awake, but she was never tired.
She just didn't need sleep.  Must be part of those
experiments.  Wonder if the others are awake.
The doctor!  He was here!  She didn't like the doctor.
 He was a sick man.  And he was
proving it once again in another part of the lab.
Somehow, Uriko found that she could hear every
part of the dialogue.  The doctor was looking at a
large tube.with a man inside.  The man was
screaming to get out.
"I don't think so, professor" The doctor said, then
giggled his insane laugh.  "Professor
Goldberg, may I call you Stephen?  Stephen, you have
been a bad boy(giggle inanely).  Your
research on turning humans into zoanthropes was going
very well.  But now you've had a moral
dilemma.  You shouldn't have betrayed Tylon, Stephen.
And now you pay the price (insane
laugh)."
"What are you doing, you madman?"
"Madman?  Moi?  You must be mistaken, sir.  I am a
genius! (hee hee hee)  And I'm
about to prove it, once again!  (tee hee, I kill me)
You are about to be subjected to a new idea.
All natural zoanthropes are mammals, right?  Well,
we're gonna let you be the first zoanthrope
of Class Insectia!  Isn't that neat? (Hee Hee)"
"You sick, twisted fuck!"
"No, Stephen, or should I say, Stun.  You are the one
who will be twisted."
The man in the tube began to scream.  Uriko only saw
him once after that.  He had been
transformed.  Looked like a great, blue beetle.  Took
out seven guards before they brought him
down.  When he changed back into "human" form, it
wasn't much of an improvement.  He still
looked like an insect.  Red eyes, blue carapace.
The doctor had taunted him.  "Why are you running
away, Stun?  If you leave, you won't
get your serum.  You'll be lucky to last a month out
there!"
They took him away.

***********************

"Uri-chan!  Uri-chan!  Speak to me!  Wake up!" Tenchi
was screaming.
"Stun!" Uriko shouted as she woke up.
The creature turned to her.
"No!" Katsuhito said.  "Leave her alone!"
"Wait Katsuhito!  I.I think I know this man."
Stun looked at her, but said nothing.
"You.you're Doctor Goldberg?  Stephen Goldberg?"
Stun went into a fighting stance.  "Where did you hear
that name?  Busuzima?"
"Yes.  I mean no.  I mean.I was in the Tylon lab when
you were transformed."
"You.impossible.  Years ago."
"I know.  Ten years.  I was one of his experiments,
too."
"You.a child.his evil.boundless"
"Yes.  He's a sick man.  He.he used to.to touch me.
All the time.  Pervert.
But.what about you?  He.he said you wouldn't last
without a serum."
Stun held up a bandaged hand.  "Decomposing.  Not much
time.chance that.still
alive."
Alice stepped up.  "I.I have fresh bandages in a case
in my bag.  I should re-wrap
those."
"Don't.pity.me"
"It's not pity!  You're not well!"
"Not worthy.sins.pay.  Don't deserve.help.  Don't
.waste.your.pity.on a.a
monster."
Uriko stepped up to him.  "You're not a monster, Stun.
 You're a good man.  I know
what happened to you.  You were used.  You had no way
to know.  Somewhere in there is a
brilliant mind that can do wonders for humanity.  Now
please, Doctor, let my sister help you."
Looking into Uriko's eyes he saw something he had not
seen in years.  Genuine concern.
And no fear.  She looked at him not as the monster he
was, but as the man he used to be.  He
relented and let Alice change his bandages.
He looked up as she was working and saw Long.
"Y-y-you!  You.took.me.Tylon."
Long nodded and hung his head.  "Yes, my friend.  I
regret that I ever had anything to do
with the evil that was Tylon.  But like you, I am here
to atone for my sins, and bury the ghosts of
the past."  He knelt before Stun.  "I was an agent.  A
blind worker in the employ of Tylon.  I
used my skills without direction, without thought.  I
have.never had the chance to visit those
whom I inflicted suffering upon.  I ask you, now.  Can
you forgive me?"
Stun reached out for him, and everyone held their
breath.  He placed his hand on Long's
head.  "You.good man.  Must.stop.evil.at.costs"
"Thank you, doctor"
"One.thing."
"Yes?'
"Busuzima.changed.self"
"What?  Busuziuma did what?"
"Busuzima.research.zoanthrope.power-hungry."
Uriko turned to them.  "It seems like he turned his
research on himself and changed
himself into a zoanthrope."
"Is that possible?" Kiyone asked.
"Yes, quite."  Washu stated.  "And not at all
difficult.  The beast genes aren't that
different from the human ones, and a slight
manipulation is all that's required.  It may have
happened in nature, and that's what started this whole
zoanthrope thing."
"You mean.that's why some people can transform?"
Mihoshi asked.
Washu shrugged.  "Perhaps"
"We better get moving" Katsuhito said.  He looked down
at Stun.  `Are you going to be
okay?"
Stun looked up at him.
"No.never.again.but.have.gratitude."
Katsuhito put a hand on his shoulder.  "You're
welcome"
And everyone proceeded to the lab.

**********************

"I'm getting sick of these doors" Ryoko said
impatiently as once again, Kiyone picked
the electronic lock.
"Would you like to try Ryoko?" Kiyone said, irritated.
"Sure" And Ryoko formed an energy ball and pushed it
into the door.  Then she
increased the size of it until it had melted a big
enough hole for them all to walk through.  She let
the energy dissipate.
"That's my girl!" Washu said proudly.
Kiyone was irritated.  "Why didn't you do that to
begin with?!"
"Well, you were having so much fun inventing curses
that I figured I'd just let you have
at it." Ryoko said with a smile.
Kiyone threw her hands in the air.  "I give up"
They made quick progress from there, and soon made it
into the main lab.
A strange looking man had his back to them, as he
fiddled with various vials and beakers.
"It seems the doctor is in" Washu said quietly.
The man noticed their reflection on a plate on a
rabbit cage and turned around.  The
man's hair was a sickly green, shaved on the sides and
pointing straight up on top.  His scraggly
goatee was the same green.  His face was disturbingly
misproportioned and not aligned correctly.
One of his eyes bulged and the other looked in a
different direction than its fellow.  His arms
seemed too long for his body, and they looked like the
muscles were attached wrong.  All that,
combined with bad posture, made him look like the
Hunchback of Notre Dame.on crack.
"Weeeeeelllllllll.  Look who we have here!  A couple
`o fools who forgot their map.
How can Doctor Busuzima help you?"
"That's him?" Tenchi whispered to Uriko.
"Yes" she whispered in a small voice full of fear.
"Umm, I think I should go" Mihoshi said and made a
move to the exit before being
stopped by Kiyone.
"Oh, all right" Busuzima said, turning back around.
"Don't get lost on your way
out..Wait!"  He turned back around.  "I think I just
found some new test subjects."
Long stepped forward.  "Not today.  Your little
organization dies tonight."
"Not likely.Oooooh!  You're Long, aren't you.  The
original.  The one-and-only.  Well,
not only, really(hee hee, I crack me up).  Oh Glorious
leader!"
A man stepped out of the shadows.  Uriko gasped.
"Shenlong!"
Long looked him over.  "I see" he said.  "It all makes
sense now."
"Oh does it?" Busuzima asked.  Then he lifted his leg
and unleashed a mighty burst of
flatulence.
"Yes.  You used to work for Tylon, and had some of my
DNA stored somewhere.  You
used it and your cloning techniques to make
this.copy."
"Nonsense" Shenlong sneered.  "I could never be a
clone of a weakling like you.  I am
the most powerful man on Earth."
"And the most delusional."  Busuzima added.  "Very
good, Long.  I'm impressed.  It's
too bad you quit Tylon.  You were the best.  Make a
kill with one shot, no weapons.  Quite a
feat."  Long stared at him coldly.  "But Shenlong here
is superior.  He has no worrisome moral
compass, or code of honor."
"Doctor" came a voice from behind Busuzima.
Everyone looked and saw a young man in ninja garb
carrying in a bat zoanthrope that
wore the tattered remains of a red dress.
"She was in his office.  No sign of him.  Just a note
for her said he was leaving.  No
clues."
"Very good Bakuryu.  Who's our new friend?"  Busuzima
walked up to the bat, who was
now on her knees, looking at him.  He injected a
needle into her neck.  She immediately
transformed back into a human.  A very familiar one.
"Jenny!" Uriko cried.
"Kid just blew your cover, lady" Busuzima said to
Jenny, "and am I gonna have fun with
you!"
"Do you really think you can win?" Ryoko asked
Busuzima.
"Against the whole lot of you?  No way!  I'm pretty
amazing (hee hee), but I know when
I'm outnumbered.  Which is why I love the way you can
be distracted into ignoring that which
goes on around you."
"What?!" Aeka said.
Tenchi looked up and saw a hose dangling above them.
It began emitting a noxious
green gas, and in seconds, all any of them knew was
blackness.

Then hell began for them all.