DISCLAIMERS:
        I Do not own Tenchi Muyo! Or Bloody Roar.  Or any
affiliated characters or places.
Tenchi Muyo! Is owned by Pioneer.  Bloody Roar is
owned by Hudson and Activision.  I did not
create any characters herein.
        Fans of the Bloody Roar series will follow the story
better.  Those of you with a PS2 will
see elements from BR3.
        *THIS IS A LEMON FIC!  IF YOU ARE NOT 18 OR OLDER
TURN BACK
IMMEDIATELY! *

Chapter Three:

"Memories.  They serve a purpose, everything does.
They help us to remember our lives
and to learn from our mistakes and those of others so
that we may improve ourselves.  Some are
pleasant (Tenchi, mmmm), and some are not.  Memories
make us laugh and cry.  They terrify us
and make us happy.  Everything we do becomes a memory.
 The lives in front of us are just
memories waiting to develop.  All we can do is be with
those we love as much as possible, so
that our memories will be of time well spent."

-Uriko Tsukagami

Tenchi awoke on a hard floor.  He was no longer in
Jurai battle gear.  He looked around.
He was in a cell.  There was a stone wall behind him,
and bars on the other three sides.  Uriko
was in the cage next to him, and next to her was
Washu.  On his other side, Alice shared a cell
with Mihoshi.  Mihoshi was still out, but Alice was
talking to the man in the cell on the other
side of her.
"Are you sure you're all right?"
"For the fifth time, I'm fine."
"Don't worry, Yugo.  We'll make that doctor pay for
what he did to all of us."
"It's Kenji that I'm worried about.  The lunatic has
him brainwashed.  He's the one who
put me in here."
"And me" came a voice from a few cells down and across
the hallway.  Tenchi strained
to see.  The speaker stood up, her hair identifying
her immediately.
"Shina!" Tenchi exclaimed.
"Oh, Lord Tenchi, you're awake!" came Aeka's voice
from the cell directly across the
hallway from him.  "I was so worried."  Tenchi noticed
that she wasn't in Jurai battle gear either.
"My powers won't work here!"
"Of course not" came Busuzima's voice over a speaker.
"I kept you unconscious for a
few days and did some thorough analysis.  There is a
field specially attuned to you, the boy, and
the old man.  None of you can use your powers.  Oh,
and neither can the redhead."
"Where's Ryoko?" Tenchi demanded.
"I'm keeping the blue-haired one in my lab for now.
She's the most interesting.  I'm
letting you all wake up now, because I've analyzed you
all, and I want you to be awake when I
experiment on you."  The PA clicked off.
"Tenchi?" came Uriko's voice.
Tenchi went to the bars that separated them.  "Yes,
Uri-chan?"
She put her arms through the bars in the closest thing
to a hug that she could manage.
"I've been awake for days.  He-he kept you away so
long, I thought he'd killed you."
"Shh. I'm fine."
"Tenchi, there's something more."
"What is it?"
"I.I've been throwing up."
"Is this place making you sick?"
"That's what I thought, but then Washu.well.some of
her powers work.  She.she
looked me over and."
".And what Uri-chan?"
"I'm pregnant."  Uriko said softly.
"W-w-what?"
"Tenchi don't be mad."
"I'm not mad.  I-I just.I don't know what to think."
"Tenchi, I love you.  And I'll love our child when she
comes, but."
"She?" Tenchi said, smiling wanly.
Uriko smiled.  "Well, I don't know yet, but.I would
want a girl.  My mom's not gonna
be too happy, though.  Until she meets you.  Then
she'll love you too, and you'll be a part of the
family."
"Uri-chan, you're assuming we get out of this."
"Don't be negative, of course we will!"
"Is your mother in here with us?"
"No, Shina said she saw my mother in a more reinforced
cell.  My mother could tear
these bars from their sockets."
"Well, does anybody have a plan?"
"Not yet.  Oh, and another thing."
"Yes?"
"Aeka knows.about me.about us."
"Oh no!"
"Don't worry, she's not mad at you.  She blames me for
seducing you."
"Uri-chan, you didn't seduce me."
She stepped back and looked at him with amusement.
"Oh no?  I had already made the
deal with Washu a week in advance.  I made sure that
Ryoko was drunk off her ass before going
to bed so she wouldn't interrupt.  I walked in that
room with every intention of losing my
virginity, Tenchi.  I seduced you."
"Uriko!" Tenchi said, shocked.
        Uriko laughed.  "I really do love you, Tenchi, but
sometimes, you're a little slow to pick
up.  I dropped a lot of hints.  Not to mention all the
sweet-talkin' I was doing in the month
before.  Well, I hope our little `adventure' at least
helped you loosen up about women."
Nobody went anywhere for days.  Tenchi learned that
Ryoko would stay in the lab.  He
also learned where everyone was in the little jail.
On the one side, starting from the door, it was:
1) Washu 2) Uriko 3) Himself 4) Mihoshi and Alice
5)Yugo.  On the other side, across from
Tenchi, starting at the door, was: 1) Long 2)
Katsuhito 3) Aeka 4) Kiyone 5) Shina.  Jenny, it
seemed, had been with Shina, but only for a short
time.  Busuzima had taken her as soon as he
was confident in his ability to contain the Juraians.
In the interim, the prisoners talked.  Of course
Tenchi talked to Uriko, and she also
wanted to talk to Washu about babies, but he also
talked to Alice, when she wasn't with Yugo.
He learned that she had very little memories.  She had
no biological family.  Uriko's family was
her family, as far as she was concerned.  All she said
she remembered was trees.  Aeka, for some
reason, refused to talk to Alice.  And she spent a lot
of time in quiet conversation with Katsuhito.
Kiyone, in an effort to ignore Mihoshi, found a friend
in Shina.  Long usually meditated, but
would sometimes talk with Katsuhito.
Then, one day they got a visitor.  That is, to say,
Long got a visitor.  A man who carried
himself with a great deal of arrogance and vanity.  He
was dressed in what would be considered
drag.  Tight short shorts, and a top  That looked too
much like a bra.  It looked odd on his
muscular chest, but his face in every way resembled
that of a woman.  Long had recognized him
immediately.
"Fox!" he shouted.  "You.you're dead!"
"Not quite, old friend" he said in his English accent.
 There was something about his
voice that reminded Tenchi of the American stereotype
about homosexuals.
"You jumped off that building."

***********************

Long had climbed to the top of the Tylon building.  He
had to get in.  They weren't going
to let him go.  Not without a fight.  But the building
was locked down, so he went up.  On the
roof, Fox had been waiting for him.
Hans Taubemann.  He had been abandoned by his parents,
and grew up in the slums.  He
was obsessed with his own appearance, and all
appearances.  He believed that only beautiful
things deserved to live.  He worked with Bakuryu, and
occasionally Long, assassinating and
kidnapping.  He had been the one who brought Uriko to
Tylon.  Now he was ready to challenge
Long.  In his mind, at least.
Long looked him over.  "You are not my equal, Fox.
Don't waste your life."
Fox said nothing, but immediately transformed and
attacked.  Long dodged and blocked,
but the were-fox was too fast.  He too, let the rage
carry him, and felt himself transforming.
Fur.   Fangs.  Tearing clothes.  Green eyes.  Feline
ears.  Tail.  Stripes.
In his tiger form, Long was much faster and much
stronger than before.  Using flurries of
blows, he quickly forced Fox back into human form, and
finished with a claw rake across his
once-proud features.
"My face!" he screamed.  "You fucked up my face!"
Long changed back.  "Calm yourself, Fox.  It's only a
scar."
If Fox heard him, he didn't react.  He just curled up
and cried.  Long decided to leave
him.  As he neared the door to the building, he heard
a scream behind him.  Ready for an attack,
he turned, and saw Fox throw himself off the building.
 Ending his life, rather than live without
his own beauty.

*********************

"But I survived" Fox said.  "And the good doctor found
me, said `I want you to take your
old job back.  Do what you do best.  And I'll fix your
face.'  I would have sold my soul to Satan
to fix my face."
"You did."
"Ha ha, nice one.  Look, we both know that the doctor
is more than a little `unhinged',
but he's hardly Satan.  But, when I heard that you
were here, I rushed right back to the lab."
"Busuzima won't let you play with his test subjects."
"No, you're right.  But, I know you, Long.  You'll try
to get out.  You probably already
have a plan.  And when you try, I'll be waiting.
Ciao."
With that, he spun around and left the room.
"What a fairy." Shina said.
Uriko was shaken.  "He.he's the one who kidnapped me."
Tenchi put his arms around her through the bars.
"Shh.  It's okay."

*************************

The door opened once again.  Uriko had lost track of
the days they had been in the cells.
She saw a young man carrying in Kiyone over his
shoulder.  Fox had dragged her out earlier.
The young man looked familiar.Hard to tell in this
light, but.
"Kenji!" she shouted.
Yugo went to the bars of his cage.  "Kenji!  Kenji
listen to me!  The doctor brainwashed
you!  Don't you remember me?  It's me, Yugo!"
"And me, Uriko!  Uri-chan, Kenji!  It's me!  Why can't
you remember?!"  Tears were
streaming down Uriko's face.
"Kenji" Yugo said, "I found you in the ruins of the
lab, remember?  All the fire?  You
didn't talk, then.  I took you home, Kenji.  You're
like my brother.you're more than that.
You're the only family I have!  Kenji!"
"I.am.Bakuryu" he said slowly, no emotion in his cold
hard eyes.
"No, you're not" Yugo said persistently.  "You're who
you are yourself, who I KNOW
YOU ARE!  Not who some doctor tells you you are!"
"That's right Kenji!" Uriko said.
"Kenji" Yugo said, "remember how I got into boxing to
make money?  Remember that
time I lost real bad?  And you had to take care of me?
 I was out of it for two months.  And you
had been saving all the allowance money I had been
giving you over the years.  And you used it
to buy food.  You supported us both.  Come, on, Kenji!
 Remember!"
Bakuryu stopped.  He put his hand to his head and
doubled over as if in pain.
"Do you remember, Kenji?" Yugo pleaded.  "Do remember?
 You always came to every
fight, Kenji.  You always supported me.  And.heh,
you.you remembered each one.  Even I
couldn't do that.  When I was injured you told me all
those stories about fights that I'd won, and
you said pulling through that would be no different.
You helped me, Kenji.  You're my whole
family, man.  You're my best friend, you're my
brother.  I love you, man."  Yugo's eyes welled
up.
"Y-Y-Y-Yu.Yug-g-g-o?  Aaaah!" Bakuryu/Kenji clutched
at his head.
"Kenji!"  Uriko shouted.  "Do you remember me?
Remember us?  All the fun times we
had together?  Do you remember when I told Susie
McKenzie that you thought she was pretty,
and you got mad at me?  You said you would never talk
to me again.  But then later that day you
came over and we talked it over.  You said you forgave
me, because I was just trying to help you
out.  That day we swore that we'd be friends forever,
Kenji!  Don't you remember?"
"U-U-Uri-k-k-ko?"
She smiled at him, tears in her eyes.  "Uri-chan,
Kenji!  You were the first one to call me
that.  Right after I called you Ken-chan as a joke."
Bakuryu/Kenji looked at her, pain still evident on his
face.  His eyes softened a little.
"Kenji" she called, a little more softly.  "Do.do you
remember that time we got caught
in that huge storm in the park?  We ran into that
little kiddie clubhouse-thing."  She laughed
softly.  "We were soaked.  And we.we both.took off our
wet clothes, well, except for
underwear."  Tenchi looked at her incredulously, and
she blushed.  "We.decided that it was
okay because.because we had nothing to hide from each
other."
Kenji/Bakuryu was staring at her now.  His eyes never
left hers, and a smile began to
show on his face.
Uriko looked down for a moment, then looked up without
raising her head.  "Do
you...remember our first kiss, Kenji?"
Kenji/Bakuryu's gaze broke hers for a moment, and his
eyes moved around, as he forced
himself to remember.  Then he looked at her and
nodded, the smile on his lips becoming fuller.
"You were shivering," he said in a voice so quiet it
was almost a whisper.
Uriko's eyes widened in amazement that he remembered.
And new tears filled her eyes.
Tears of joy.  "Yes!  Yes!  I was cold, and you put
your arms around me.  You started rubbing
my arms to warm me up.  The we just held each other
for.I don't know how long."
Kenji approached her and she reached through the bars
and touched his face.  He closed
his eyes and held her hand to his face.
"Kenji, that was my first kiss.  I.I'm glad it was
you.  You mean so much to me.I."
Uriko began to cry again.  "I thought I'd lost you."
Kenji hugged her through the bars.  Then he looked up
and motioned Tenchi over to
them.  Tenchi approached and Kenji took his hand and
placed it in Uriko's.  Uriko broke away
from Kenji.  Kenji looked at Tenchi.  "Take good care
of her."  Then he looked down the hall to
Yugo, still speaking to Tenchi, "She's one of the two
that things I love most."
There was a moment of silence.  Then the door slammed
open.
"What is going on here?!" Busuzima commanded.
Kenji took a fighting stance.  Busuzima laughed.  "Oh,
so the brainwashing wore off,
huh?  Well, you were due for another dose, anyway.
This time, I'll make it stronger."
"Run, Kenji!" Uriko screamed.
Kenji charged Busuzima with a flying kick that knocked
him back a few steps.  The
scientist righted himself.  "Wanna play rough?  Okay,
I like it rough!"
Kenji attacked again, with a flurry of kicks.Busuzima
blocked every one.
Everyone was shocked.  How could he have such
reflexes?  Not to mention how strong
he would have to be.  Kenji did a backflip away from
him.  Then he brought his hands together
as if in prayer.and transformed.
Brown fur.  Elongated snout.  Whiskers.  His soft
shoes ripped to reveal clawed feet.  His
shoulders got broader, and the muscle mass of his arms
increased dramatically.
"A mole?" Kiyone said when the transformation was
done, "That's supposed to scare this
luna-"  Kiyone stopped short.  For when Kenji threw
his arms apart, she saw what made him
such a ferocious opponent.  A wolf's most prominent
features are its teeth.  A boar's tusks make
it a fearsome opponent.  Those features in most
zoanthropes are larger even than they would be
in proportion to an animal of that large size.and
Kenji was no exception.  The claws on his
hands were absolutely HUGE!  Easily six or seven
inches long.  And thick, and sharp, with a
curve to them that on a mole would improve digging,
but at this magnitude looked extremely
wicked.
Kenji took a stance against Busuzima and charged him.
Ant sane man would have
already run by now.
Busuzima had already proven himself less than sane.
As Kenji charged, Busuzima raised
his right hand.  And just when Kenji closed in,
Busuzima lashed out incredibly fast.  Kenji hit the
floor violently.  And didn't get up.
"Well" Busuzima said, "that was fun"  He picked up
Kenji's obviously heavy form with
one arm, and carried him out.
Everyone was stunned.
"It seems" Shina said, "that we have underestimated
the good doctor.  He's not just a
maniac; he's a fighter.  And an effective one, at
that.  And I don't know what powers the rest of
you have, but I saw the cyan-haired one in action.
And if he could contain her, then we
obviously must assume that he is quite brilliant."
"A grim situation indeed" Katsuhito said quietly.
Nobody spoke a word.

********************

Days passed.  Tenchi was letting Alice look him over.
He knew he wasn't hurt, but
letting her examine him made her feel better, like she
was doing something useful.  Plus, she
wanted to talk to him.
"So, Uriko really seems quite taken with you."
Tenchi smiled and nodded.  "She's a great girl."
Alice smiled at him.  "And what are you?  Chopped
liver?"
Tenchi gave a quiet laugh.  Everyone else was asleep.
"Well, she doesn't think so."
"You know, Uriko and I shared everything growing up.
I mean, I.I didn't remember
my real family.  I don't remember much of anything
before Tylon caught me.just a few images.
Trees, mostly.  Huge, beautiful trees.  And lights."
She looked away wistfully.  "Anyway, I used
to tease Uriko.about Kenji.  He loved her.  Still
does, I'm sure, underneath the brainwashing.
And I asked her if she was going to marry Kenji.and
you know what she told me?"
"No, what?"
"She told me that Kenji was the sweetest boy in the
world.  And handsome.  And kind,
and giving, and totally selfless."
"So.yes?"
"No.  She said he was her best friend.  She loves him.
 But not the way she loves you.
Kenji knows that.  I.I talked to him once, about it.
He said that he would do anything for her.
He would give her everything he possibly could, just
to make her happy.  There was a note of
sadness in his voice, loneliness.  `She doesn't love
me,' he had said, `well.not in that way
anyway.  But.I just want her to be happy.  I'll stay
with her, by her side, as long as she needs
me.  Even if I'm not the one she's with.if she's
happy.then that will make me happy.  I just
hope.that whomever it is.that.that he's a good man.
That he takes care of her.'"
Tenchi hung his head.  "Fine job I've done so far"
Alice put her hand on his shoulder.  "You haven't
disappointed anybody, Tenchi.  Least
of all Uriko.  My point was, after telling me that she
couldn't marry Kenji, I asked her what she
would do.  She told me that she didn't know, then she
said `Maybe I'll trap my man, just like
mom did.'"
"Trap?" Tenchi said, raising an eyebrow.
Alice smiled.  "Aunt Mitsuko is a very.large woman.
She's always been big-and
strong-, and that sometimes scared guys off.  But she
is really the sweetest woman on Earth.  A
little overprotective sometimes.but that's because
she's afraid to lose those she loves.  Her
husband was a very small, meek man.  Very quiet, and
sort of bookish.  But Aunt Mitsuko loved
him very much.  And he saw past all the teasing other
people did to her, saw her and loved her
for who she was.  She at first had thought he was jut
teasing her, but soon came to love him as
well.  He.he got cancer and died when Uriko was very
young."
"Oh, poor Uriko"
"Aunt Mitsuko raised Uriko by herself, and later me as
well.  She would regale us with
stories about what a flirt she was in high school.
She told us that she set out after her man, and
when she got him alone, she `dazzled him with her
charms' and he was instantly smitten.
Couldn't get enough.  So he begged her to marry him,
and she pretended to be reluctant.  Then
he got down on his knees and pleaded, `Beautiful
Mitsuko!  I can't live without you!'  So she
agreed to marry him."
Tenchi chuckled silently.  "And how did you know which
story was real?"
"Because one time I found Aunt Mitsuko crying over a
picture of her husband.  She told
me the whole truth.  I asked her why she had told us
the stories, and she said that all her life she
had been teased for being too big.  It had taken her a
long time to trust people enough to open her
heart to love.  She felt that she would've had more
time with her husband if she hadn't been
insecure.  She wanted Uriko to chase her dreams, and
not be afraid of anything.  She knew how
pretty Uriko was, and encouraged her to find the man
of her dreams and be happy.  She wanted
Uriko to believe that that's what she did, so that
Uriko could do it."  Alice smiled and touched
Tenchi's face.  "That's why Uriko is so forward.  Even
though she's never really had a
boyfriend, she's not afraid to tell someone how she
feels, and to act on those feelings.  And that,
I think, is why she went after you that night.  She
really loves you, Tenchi.  She seems to wear
her heart on her sleeve, but believe me, everything
she feels for you is 100% genuine."
Tenchi smiled.  "Thanks Alice"
"Anytime.  Of course, her mother was sort of hoping
that her and Kenji would get
together.  She's always liked Kenji.  Used to mother
him all the time.  But he seemed to kind of
like it."
"She would call up the house and ask him to come over"
Yugo said from his cell.  "He
said that she made him call her `mom' because `Mrs.
Tsukagami' was a mouthful.  Then she
would make him bring all kinds of fresh baked goods
home, because she had `accidentally' made
too many.  Not that I minded, she was a great cook."
Alice turned to him.  "You were listening the whole
time?"
He smiled.  "I just couldn't sleep.  Your stories
reminded me of the time that she came
over to my house."
"She did?" Alice said incredulously.
Yugo nodded.  "She tried to be discreet about it, but
I could tell she just wanted to know
what kind of boys her daughter was hanging out with.
Man, she was surprised to see me.  It had
been a few years after the whole Tylon thing, and we
just talked together and caught up.  Then
she told me about Uriko and Kenji.  I hadn't known
about her, Kenji had never brought her over.
I mean, I knew he had a friend, and that she was a
girl, because I used to tease him a little.  I
never thought it would be the same girl that I helped
rescue.  And I also find out now that you
were in that house, too.  Small world."
"Small indeed, Yugo Ohgami" Shina said, leaning on the
bars of her cage.
He turned to her, "How do you know my name?"
She smiled.  "Our fathers were best friends.  I
believe you already know my father, Alan
Gado?"
"You're Gado's daughter?  Hmm, should have known, you
look kinda like him."
She laughed.  "Not really.  Adopted daughter.  But I
admired him a lot, and I did go out
of my way to imitate him.  I worked as a mercenary
with him.  He didn't like it at first, but I
turned out to have a natural talent for the business."
 She went quiet.  "I.I worked with your
father a few times, Yugo."
"My father?!" he said in disbelief.
She nodded.  "He was a good man.  And a great soldier.
 He always carried a picture of
you with him, so I recognized you when I saw you
here."  She looked down.  "My father and
yours always wanted me to meet you, maybe set us up.
`Join the two families' so to speak."
Alice tensed up.  "But.I don't think we would be good
for each other."
Yugo swallowed and nodded.
"It might nice," she said, "to start a family.  But
I'm not ready to settle down.  I have a
wild streak ten miles wide."  She looked at him and
smiled.  "Besides, you already have a family.
And." she nodded in Alice's direction, ".I think
you're spoken for."
Alice and Yugo looked to each other and both blushed.
Yugo turned away and tried to go
to sleep, Alice returned to her conversation with
Tenchi.
Tenchi looked at her.  Looked deep into her eyes.  Her
ruby eyes.
"Hey!" he said, "Why are your eyes red?  You're not
albino?"
She shrugged.  "Why are your eyes brown, Tenchi?  Why
are Shina's blue?  I don't
know."
"But they look just like." Tenchi's voice trailed off
as he looked to Aeka's cell.  And
saw her standing at the bars to her cell, staring at
him.  Katsuhito, too, was at the bars to his cell,
and standing close to Aeka.  *Geez * Tenchi thought,
*I thought everyone was asleep. *
"So you know," Aeka said softly.
"Or if not, you suspect" Katsuhito said.
Alice and Tenchi went to the doors of their cages,
getting closer to the two Juraians.
Both with curious looks on their faces.
Aeka spoke first.  "Miss Alice.you are not.like other
humans."
"Really?  No shit?  That whole zoanthrope thing went
right over my head."
"Please.  I mean you are not.from Earth.  Long, Uriko,
Kenji, Yugo, and Shina are all
native earthlings, but.not you."
Alice raised an eyebrow.  "I'm an alien?"
"Yes, and Alice is not your name."
Alice gripped the bars to her cage.  "You know who I
am?"
Aeka and Katsuhito looked at each other.  "You may not
like the truth," Katsuhito said.
"I don't care, I must know."
Aeka was at a loss for words, so Katsuhito began.
"The beastman phenomenon is not
exclusive to Earth.  Other plants have had this occur
as well.  And they all, including Earth, have
one common link."
Tenchi picked up immediately.  "All colonized by
Jurai?"
Katsuhito nodded.  "Very good, Tenchi.  Human beings
are the most widespread race in
the universe.  We can't even say for sure that Jurai
wasn't colonized by some ancient race, but
Jurai is the oldest human civilization with written
records.  Earth is just isolated for the most
part.  Nobody knows where or why the beastman
phenomenon started.  I've seen it on many
planets, most recently Earth.  Most people are
very.unreceptive.to the different ones.  Some
hide their abilities.  Others run away.  Many of them
are space pirates, keeping in small bands
with others of their kind.  Some only allow other
beastmen, becoming as prejudiced as those that
exiled them."
"But in recent years, things have changed" Kiyone
said, cutting in.  "People have begun
to recognize them as useful and productive members of
society.  This of course due to increased
contact with other planets, and increased diversity.
Many of them become soldiers, or even GP
officers, using their increased combat skills to
better themselves.  And many have become well
respected."
"But it was not always so" Aeka interrupted.  "Many
planets would cast them out.
Regardless of who they were."  She looked down.
"Jurai was.no exception."
"She's from Jurai?!" Tenchi exclaimed.
"No way!" Alice said.  "I'm from this planet that all
of you are from?  But if that's true,
how do you know who I am?  I thought you were
`royalty' and didn't associate with
commoners."
Aeka hid her face in shame.  Katsuhito put an arm
around her through the bars.  "You are
a member of the Jurai royal family." Katsuhito said.
Alice gasped.  Tenchi was shocked.  "Your
name is Kusari.  Kusari Jurai, and at a young age,
while using the Jurai power, it was discovered
that you were what Earthlings call a zoanthrope."
"I don't believe it." Alice said, "How can it be
true?"
Aeka slowly removed her tiara.  Busuzima had been
unable to take it off.  She threw it to
Tenchi.  "Give it to her, have her put it on."  He did
so.  "Now, touch the master key to the center
of the tiara, and concentrate on the Jurai power."
"No way!" Tenchi said.  "That will activate the sword,
and kill her!  And that psycho
took Tenchi-ken anyway."
There was a whistle to his left.  He looked over and
saw Washu holding Tenchi-ken.  She
threw it to him.
"No, Lord Tenchi.  I doubt you could activate the
blade with the field he has in this place.
Even if you could, it wouldn't hurt her because the
power of the tiara would protect her.
Now.now do it, Tenchi!"
He put the sword hilt to the tiara.  *Here goes. *
Alice cried out as memories flooded her brain.  She
sank to the floor.

*********************

She was.Aeka's twin.  Not identical, but her twin,
nonetheless.  She had been the first
one out, and was thus technically older.  They had
grown up happy together.  And both had
competed for the attention-and affection-of their
older brother, Yosho.
She had been training one day with Aeka.  Her family
watched from the sidelines.  Aunt
Funaho, Yosho, Azusa, her father, and her mother, who
was nursing her little sister, Sasami.  She
was sparring with Aeka.  Both of them were using their
Jurai powers, so the fight was getting
nowhere.  Then Aeka had used her power to make a flash
of light that blinded Kusari for just a
moment.  Then Aeka had hit her.  Hard.  She had cried.
 She looked up and saw Aeka looking
quite smug.  She wanted to beat her up.  She was
angry.
Anger.  Rage.  Frenzy.
She had transformed right there.  Most people don't
consider rabbits to be the most
dangerous creatures, but when Kusari had spun and put
her full weight into one kick with one of
her powerful feet.she heard her sister's ribs crack as
she was thrown backwards.  Then she had
screamed as a powerful current washed through her.
She screamed in pain, paralyzed until she
was forced back into her normal form and collapsed.
She blacked out.
Didn't remember much after that.  Even the Jurai power
flowing through her now
couldn't bring back all memories, some were lost to
age.  She remembered being exiled.  Not for
hurting her sister.but for being different.  She
remembered crying.  Remembered her mother
crying.  And Yosho, too.  Although he never broke
down, just stood, with tears streaming down
his face.  Her father was, as always, expressionless.
She hadn't even seen Aeka.  She was
recovering.
When the ship she was to be taken on departed, she had
seen Aeka on the monitor.  She
had run from the palace, still in bandages.  When she
saw that she was too late, she had reached
out with her hands, screaming and crying.  Yosho had
put his arms around her as she fell to her
knees.  Funaho and Misaki, also crying, put their arms
around them.  Then, the slumber of
suspended animation took her.  Her last conscious
thought was that her father hadn't even seen
her off.

*********************

Tenchi saw it.  Maybe it was an accident, caused by
his contact with the Master Key as it
awakened her memories.  Or maybe he had been meant to
see it.  Regardless, his opinion of
Azusa dropped even lower.
"Are you okay, Alice.uh, uh, Kusari?"
Alice was not in a condition to speak.  Tenchi helped
her to her feet, but she didn't say a
word.  So Tenchi did.
"Why?" he asked Katsuhito and Aeka.  "Why did you let
her go?"
"What could we do, Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked, obviously
suffering.  "We had no
say.it.was the law.  And it was father's word.not to
be disobeyed."
"Couldn't you have done something?  I mean, jeez,
Aeka!  She was your twin sister!"  At
that she began to cry.
"Tenchi!" Katsuhito reprimanded him.  "There was
nothing any of us could have done.  I
loved my sister.  And Aeka..Tenchi, they were twins.
Some people don't realize that twins
share a very deep bond.  Deeper than most siblings.
When Kusari left, Aeka became more
withdrawn.  She wasn't always as refined as she is
now, Tenchi.  She used to express herself a
lot more."
"I.I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to yell, Aeka.  I guess I
just get angry when people are
treated like that..But.grandfather."
"Yes, Tenchi?"
"I thought Kiyone said that times had changed."
"Yeah" Alice said, looking up with tears in her eyes.
"Why didn't you come find me?
You.my family, guys.  How could you forget?"
"Oh, Kusari" Aeka said, reaching out.  Alice made no
move to reach out to touch Aeka's
hand, and she withdrew it, hurt.  "We did.  We looked
for you.  Mom, Yosho, and myself.
Father had ordered you forgotten, and he was too proud
to help us.  We never told Sasami,
because if we didn't find you, we would only have
gotten her hopes up."
"So why wasn't I found?"
"Kusari.the ship you were sent out on didn't have a
destination.  We didn't know where
to start.  Then Yosho had the idea to use Osafune, an
old and powerful tree, to locate you.  Your
ship had crashed, but the tree had survived, and was
keeping you asleep.  Just when we had
almost located you, Jurai was attacked."
"Attacked?  Who could be that stupid?  Or that
strong?"
"Ryoko"
"Ryoko?  You mean.that girl that's with you?"
Katsuhito broke in.  "She was under the influence of a
very evil man named Kagato, who
wanted the Jurai power for himself.  And he didn't
care who got in his way.  Much of Jurai was
damaged, and Osafune-the only power capable of
locating you-was destroyed."
"So you gave up?"
"No.  I fought off Ryoko, and chased her all the way
to Earth, where I imprisoned her.  I
decided to stay on Earth, for many reasons.  I was not
interested in the throne.  Ever since father
exiled you, I felt that absolute power corrupts
absolutely, and I wanted no part of it.  I wanted to
live where my mother had lived.  And also.I was pretty
sure that this is where you were.  I had
traced you one of three systems.  And of all three,
only one had a planet that supported life.  And
since I knew your ship was alive.I figured you were
here somewhere.  I spent a few hundred
years traveling this planet, looking for you, but I
could find no trace.  Earthlings don't live as
long as we do on Jurai.  And anyone who would have
been able to give me hint had long since
turned to dust."
"Why didn't you say something earlier?"
"Like what?  `You're really an interstellar princess,
and by the way, sorry for abandoning
you for centuries?'" Aeka said.
"Kusari" Katsuhito said, "Aeka and I have been talking
a lot lately.  And we had decided
to tell you as soon as we were free of this place.
Both our ships have taken root.  But we do have
contact with Jurai.  And we could bring you home."
"Yes," Aeka said in a voice thick with emotion.  She
looked at Tenchi, then to Uriko,
then back to Tenchi.  "Both of us.  There's nothing
left for me here."
Tenchi felt as small as a bug.  He felt like he had
betrayed Aeka.  And perhaps he had.
He knew he had broken her heart.
"What?!" Alice said.  "You think I'm just going to
pack up my life, and leave everything
here behind?  I have a life here.  Those Tylon
scientists cut down my treeship, that's what woke
me up.  I'm older than you now, Aeka.  We're not even
twins anymore."  Aeka nodded and more
tears ran down her face.  "I have a family here."  She
looked at Uriko.  "I have a new life, with
people I love."  She turned quickly to look at Yugo,
who was wide-awake.  In fact, everybody
was awake, and had been for some time.  "No," she
said.  "I'm not leaving the Earth, and I'm
certainly not going back to Jurai.  I don't want to
see that asshole who sired me unless it's to kick
his ass!"
"But mother." Aeka said, "and Aunt Funaho.why punish
them?  Ever since your
power was discovered, they pleaded with father to
change the rule.  They love you too,
Kusari.and.and so do I."
"Myself as well, Kusari" Katsuhito added.  "You'll
always be my sister."
Alice's eyes brimmed.  "My name.is Alice" This brought
a sob from Aeka.  "And.If
they love me so much, then they'll come to see me
here."
"They will!" Aeka said.  "When we get out of here and
tell them, they'll be here so fast,
your head will spin."
"First problem, how do we get out?"
"Well," Uriko said, speaking up, "if you're one of
them, can't you use your power to
undo the locks?"
"Second problem," Alice said, "power dampening field."
"Wait!" Tenchi said.  "Didn't Busuzima say that the
field was only attuned to Aeka,
myself, and grandfather?"
"That's right!" Mihoshi exclaimed.  "We can get out!"
"Don't get your hopes up, Mihoshi" Kiyone said.
"Washu, could she pull it off?"
Washu looked at her.  "No discoveries were ever made
without experimentation."
Long looked at Alice.  "Do you remember what to do?"
"I.I guess I remember the theory, but it's been so
long."
"Well, it may help you to calm your mind.  Relax.
Start small."
"I'll try."
"Try not," Tenchi said-quoting the movie with both
humorous and helpful intent-, ".do,
or do not.  There is no try."
Alice smiled at him and closed her eyes,
concentrating.  The tiara at her brow glowed
briefly, and her cage unlocked.  Before anyone could
give any cries of joy, the door to the prison
was unlocked and swung open.  Alice quickly closed her
door, hoping nobody had seen it open.
Busuzima walked in with Kenji.no, Bakuryu, close
behind him.  "Alright," he said.  "I
think you people are a little too cozy here.  I can't
get to most of you, because I'm having
problems with an old experiment gone bad.  So, I'm
going to have Bakuryu here guard you.  His
presence here will serve to show you that he is
completely loyal to me.  Right Bakuryu?"
Bakuryu bowed.  "Yes, Master."
Busuzima smiled.  "Now that's more like it.  If any of
you want to bow and scrape now, I
might let you work for me instead of being tortured."
"Eat shit!" Yugo said.
Faster than Tenchi could see, Bakuryu crossed the room
and slapped Yugo.
"Very good, Bakuryu.  I'll be leaving now.and
remember: Don't talk to them!"
"Yes, Master."
Busuzima left the room, slamming the door behind him.
Bakuryu walked to the door and looked out the little
window set into the heavy metal
door.  "What a shithead." he said.
Everyone looked around.  "Wha-?" Uriko started.
He turned to her, and the cold, hard look left his
eyes.  "Miss me?"
"Kenji!" She shouted.  He gave her a quick hug, then
traveled down to Yugo.
"Sorry about the slap, but I had to stay in
character." He said.
Yugo smiled.  "Don't worry, as soon as you hit me, I
knew you were faking it.  You're
much stronger than that."
Kenji smiled and unlocked Yugo's cell, and then handed
him the keys.
Yugo started unlocking everyone's cells, except for
Alice, who just opened hers.  Kenji
raised an eyebrow.
"Don't ask" Alice said, giving Aeka back her tiara.
Just then there was the noise of bending metal.
Everyone turned to see Long pull the bars
to his cage apart and step through.
"What!" Aeka shouted.  "You could have done that at
any time?"
Long looked at her.  "To what end?  I don't think I
could have gotten you all out.  And
we had no plan."
Shina smiled at him from her cage.  "Likewise" she
said, and proceeded to let herself out
of her cage as well.  Tenchi shook his head, but said
nothing.  Then he felt Uriko throw her arms
around him.  He turned to embrace her, and felt her
lips pressed against his own.  He held her
like that, kissing her, for several minutes.
"Ahem," Aeka said.
"Don't interrupt them, Aeka," Alice said.  "it's cute.
 Ohmygod!  I just realized that I am
like, related to both of you!  Tenchi, you're my
nephew, and Uriko-well her mom adopted me,
but still."
Tenchi smiled and kissed Uriko again.  "Uri-chan, I.I
love you." Tenchi whispered in
her ear.
She smiled at him.  "I love you too, Ten-chan.  I love
you too."
"This is quite touching" Katsuhito said, as he patted
the bokken that Kenji had given him,
"but we must go now to surprise him."
"Quite" Washu said.
Shina and Yugo were warming up, and soon everyone did
the same.  Shina punched her
right fist into her left palm.  "It's clobberin'
time!"

**********************

Ryoko didn't know how long she had floated in the tube
at the mercy of the sick man
who had captured her.  She knew it had been days.  And
a part of her didn't care.  She felt that
she had lost the one thing that meant the most to her.
 Tenchi had made his choice.and it wasn't
her.
After listening to her vehement speeches about not
harming Tenchi, it occurred to him
that watching the boy in his cell would be a good
exercise in sadism.  It hurt her to see Tenchi
locked up, not conscious, barely alive, it seemed.
Then, she heard the most painful thing that she had
ever had to hear.  She listened as
Uriko told Aeka that she was pregnant.  And that the
child.was Tenchi's.  She told her the story
of how she seduced him.  She told Aeka how she had
made a deal with Washu so that she could
seduce Tenchi.  That really angered Ryoko.  She was
really pissed at Washu.  Washu had lied to
her.  Her own mother had helped her rival win the
object of her love.  She was mad at Uriko, too.
Little bitch.  Ryoko wanted to kill her.  But if she
did, Tenchi would hate her, and that would kill
Ryoko on the inside.  As she watched all of them, it
became apparent that Uriko really did love
Tenchi, and, even if he hadn't said it yet, he loved
her, too.  She knew Tenchi didn't want to hurt
her.  He would always see her as a friend, and at
least.at.at least he would probably let her
stay with him.  She knew she couldn't bear to be away
from him.  He wouldn't turn her away,
and that knowledge made her feel a little better.  She
could stay, and maybe help him raise his
family.  Sort of like a live-in nanny.  She remembered
the time Tenchi's little cousin had come
over, and the thought of playing with Tenchi's
children appealed to her quite a bit.  Even if they
weren't hers.
Back in the real world, Busuzima enjoyed torturing
her.  Aside from the mental and
emotional anguish he was putting her through, rubbing
her nose in her pain, he would torture her
physically.  She found herself powerless.  He would
violate her in many ways, fascinated with
her regenerative powers.  Several times he even
offered her over to Shenlong for him to rape her.
Fortunately for her, Shenlong had the same attitude as
Kagato.that she was "beneath him".
She was forced to watch his experiments.  The man was
disgusting.  And he forced her to
watch as he raped Kiyone.  Repeatedly.  Then he would
interrogate her about space, the Galaxy
Police, and more.  Not exactly top-secret information,
but an earthling would know nothing
about anything outside the Sol system.  She told him
very little, if she told him anything at all.
And when he was violating her, she would look at
Ryoko, if she had her eyes open at all.  Ryoko
could do nothing but offer an apologetic glance, and
watch.  Not even able to turn away because
of her restraints.
And that Jenny.the bat-woman.  The things he did to
her made raping Kiyone look
tame.  The man was a sadist par excellance.  The
things he did to her would make the Marquis de
Sade sick.  Ryoko was sure that they would turn the
stomach of the devil himself.  Not even
Kagato, the one being she hated most, would have ever
slipped into the depravations that this
man did.  Kagato at least always maintained that what
he did was in the interest of science and
research.  And power.  But she had to admit, Kagato
had never, ever done anything cruel or evil
unless it served his purpose.  Busuzima was sick for
the sake of being sick.  And he kept the poor
woman nude, hanging by some chains inside of a metal
frame in the cold lab.
The boy, Bakuryu.he would often disappear for days at
a time.  The she-male Fox as
well.  Most of the time, they were apparently carrying
out assassinations, but Fox did bring a live
one back once.  A Native American bull-zoanthrope.  He
didn't live very long.Busuzima
eviscerated him.  Bakuryu seemed only to arouse the
scientist's anger.  Apparently, Busuzima
always sent Bakuryu out after the same person, and
every time, he failed.  Busuzima seemed to
be afraid of this person, which only made Ryoko hope
that he found the scientist.
One day, after finishing with Kiyone, he sent Bakuryu
to take her back, and Ryoko
watched the scene unfold on the monitor.  When
Busuzima returned from the bathroom and saw
the screen he screamed and ran to the prison.  Ryoko
would have put money on the boy.  Ryoko,
also, had underestimated his speed and skill.  She
already knew he was strong.  He was stronger
than her, and that was impressive.  He locked the boy
in some kind of chamber like Ryoko's.  He
was floating in liquid, like Ryoko, but he had wires
attached to him, and a helmet over his head.
No doubt it relayed the brainwashing signals to the
boy.  Ryoko felt sorry for him.  Busuzima
had then turned to the last of a series of robots he
had created.  She was surprised to see him
interested in nonliving subjects, but she supposed all
his research must have led up to something.
The next day, Busuzima got a visitor that scared him
shitless.  Well, maybe not shitless,
but he did piss his pants when he saw the intruder.
Ryoko had been unable to turn around, but
she had seen some of it, and she saw the damage it did
afterwards.  On a shiny metal surface, she
wasn't able to make out any details, but she saw
lightning.  And a mass of fur and bone so huge
that it couldn't be real.  Busuzima had unleashed his
new robots on it.  They looked like old men,
with distinctly demonic overtones.  Then they
transformed like zoanthropes and she saw that
they were mole-type creatures like Bakuryu.  Only
their claws were much larger, and their
bodies were made of metal.  Not only that, they were
packing heat.  They unleashed a missile
volley that knocked out the intruder.  Busuzima set
the intruder up in the tube next to Ryoko.  He
had wrapped her up, first in cloth, then in heavy
chains.  What Ryoko did see of the attacker was
that it was a woman, well, it looked like one, anyway.
 She was taller than most men, with short,
silver-blue hair.  Busuzima had hooked up several
chains and cables to plugs in her arms and
head.  Then her wrapped her up and threw her in a
tank.  She saw what the woman had done to
Shenlong.  He was seriously fucked up.  Busuzima put
him a special tank to heal him faster.
The appearance of the woman had really shaken
Busuzima.  He kept talking to himself,
muttering things like: "can't be", "should be dead",
and "not fortunate".  He almost forgot to
feed his little "subjects", but that Jenny came out of
her torpor long enough to complain.
Busuzima was so busy, that he no longer paid attention
to the screen, until Bakuryu was
finished, and the he got the idea to send him into the
prison as a guard.
Fox hadn't agreed with him.  "You should send me.  Not
this brat."  Bakuryu gave him a
cold look.
"I know how you feel about Long, Fox.  I won't let you
kill him.  Don't worry, once I'm
done with him, I'll drug him and let you tear him
apart."
Fox was persistent.  "Then send one of your Kohryu
robots!  They can't be un-
brainwashed."
"Ah, but the presence of one of them won't cause them
pain, my dear Fox.  And let's not
forget (giggle) that the point is to cause suffering."
"Whatever, I'm going to up to the lounge, maybe
scrounge up some food."
"Toodles."
Fox rolled his eyes and left.  Busuzima took Bakuryu
into the prison, then went back to
work over some files that he had dug up, apparently
about the intruder-woman.  He completely
missed what was going on in the prison.  But Ryoko
didn't.  She made sure that she was healed
all the way.  He hadn't touched her in some time, and
she had recovered.  Jenny wasn't so lucky.
She might not survive.  Ryoko prepped for battle.
Bakuryu-no, Kenji-stepped out of the prison and stood
before Busuzima.
"What are you doing here, you little shit?!" Busuzima
yelled.  "I thought I told you to-"
he came up short as the others stepped out and stood
behind Bakuryu.  Ryoko could not hide a
wide grin.
"So," Busuzima said, "the brainwashing didn't work."
Kenji smiled.  "You figure that out by yourself?
You're a winner."
Busuzima got real angry.  "You little snot!  I'll show
you who's boss!  Shenlong!  Get
over here!  And I'd also like you to say hello to
Kohryu, my new project.  And say goodbye to
your worthless lives!"
Shenlong approached them from behind.  And in moments,
they were surrounded by the
robots that Ryoko had seen Busuzima working on.  There
were only six, now.  The intruder had
destroyed one of them.
"Well.shit." Kenji said.
The Kohryu robots mad no attempt to attack, waiting
for orders from Busuzima.  Uriko,
however, did not wait.
"Hiiiyaaa!" she screamed as she attacked Shenlong.
*Oh, no. * Ryoko thought from where she watched.  *Not
smart, girl. *  She was
surprised to find that she wanted to help Uriko, then
realized it was because Tenchi loved the
girl.  But she could not get out.
Uriko wasn't doing too badly.  She was a true student
of Long's particular style of
Kenpo, and she managed to keep Shenlong on the
defensive, even made a couple of hits on him.
Then she delivered a series of flying kicks that
Shenlong easily dodged.  Uriko had made the
same mistake as before, and landed on her behind.  It
was all downhill from there.
Shenlong grabbed her with one hand, and picked her up.
 Then he smashed his head into
hers, and dropped her.  She pulled herself to her
feet, and felt his grip like a vice on her shoulder.
Then he punched her, as hard as he could.  In the
stomach.  Uriko could feel her insides get
thrown around inside, and it felt like something
inside her broke.  Not a bone, but.she didn't
have time to think about what, for Shenlong delivered
a powerful kick to her stomach that sent
her flying across the room.  She blacked out for a
moment from the pain.  She woke a few
seconds later, but she couldn't move.  And she
couldn't keep from.
"Huwughhh!" Uriko began retching violently.  And she
couldn't sit up, so she got some
of it on herself.
"YOU IDIOT!" Busuzima screamed.  "YOU-YOU IMBECILE!
BUFFOON! DO YOU
KNOW WHAT YOU JUST DID?"
"Watch your tongue, doctor" Shenlong said coldly.
Busuzima screamed again, his inhumanly long tongue
hanging out, proof that he was, in
fact, capable of watching his tongue.  "Don't start,
puppet-boy!  We've been over this!  You're a
pawn!  And you just ruined an experiment worth waiting
for!"
"What?" Shenlong said, annoyed.
Busuzima ran up to him.  "She was pregnant, you twit!"
he screamed in Shenlong's face.
"I was gonna have little kittens to play with!"  Her
ran over to Uriko.
"You sick, twisted fuck!" Shina said, disgusted.
Tenchi was livid, his face turning red, through the
dark hue of his Jurai battle gear.
A tear slid down Aeka's face, past the stripes on her
cheek.
Alice was in a similar state as Tenchi (sans Jurai
battle garb), beyond words.
Busuzima rolled Uriko over, and put his hands down her
shorts.  This made Kenji's
knuckles turn white, as he went tight-lipped in rage.
Busuzima quickly brought up his hand, and
saw that it was covered in blood.  He clenched his
fist.  "Miscarriage," he said, disgusted.
"You-you-you." Alice was pissed beyond belief.  Power
welled up inside her, and her
Jurai battle gear appeared.  Then she transformed.
Her normally white fur was a dark grey, and
she had stripes all over her body.  Her muscles were
even bigger than before, and she practically
radiated `ki'.
Busuzima looked up at her.  "Kill them all." He said.
Everybody exploded into action.  Mihoshi and Kiyone,
who had recovered their blasters
from Kenji, blew away one of the robots.  Aeka used
her power to isolate another, then Washu
used her keyboard to disable, then destroy it..
Katsuhito separated one from the others, and was
making progress with his bokken, taking off an arm
with his first shot.  The fight was obviously
going his way.  Tenchi and Kenji each faced off
against one, and left Alice with one to herself.
Not that she needed help.  She moved incredibly fast.
She hammered on it a few times,
denting the armor.  Then it, and the two facing Kenji
and Tenchi transformed.  Alice didn't slow.
She continued to pound on the thing, before delivering
a mighty spin kick that removed the
thing's "head", which must have housed something
important, because it fell to the floor.
Kenji transformed to match his opponent.  It was like
fighting himself.  None of his ninja
skills would help him.  This thing knew every trick he
had.then again, perhaps not.  He stopped
fighting like a ninja, and began to do some
kickboxing, using moves he had learned from Yugo.
This threw the robot off for just a moment, and Kenji
plunged his claws through the thing's
midsection.  He took hold of a suitable amount of
wires, and ripped them out.  It swayed back
and forth.  Kenji jumped on top of it, holding himself
vertical, and upside-down.  He then spun,
twisting the thing's head off.
Tenchi was faring better that he initially thought he
would have.  Tenchi-ken cut through
the robot's armor plating like a hot knife through
butter.  The machine decided to be more
cautious.  Seeing his opponent on the defensive,
Tenchi pressed the attack, and soon made short
work of it.
Shina was working to free Ryoko, and not having much
success.  Yugo, meanwhile,
faced off against Busuzima.
Busuzima pulled a pair of glasses from his lab coat.
"You wouldn't hit a man with
glasses, would you?"  For an answer, Yugo delivered a
series of one-two punches to his face.
"That's it!"  Busuzima said.  "I'm pissed!"  With
that, he transformed into a chameleon.
In response, Yugo changed into his wolf form and
continued the attack, this time, ripping into
him with his claws.  Busuzima went absolutely
buck-wild, flailing his arms and actually striking
Yugo several times.  Yugo backed off to a good six
feet away.
Not far enough, as Busuzima's arms stretched to an
impossible length, hit Yugo a few
times, then pulled him to the floor.  Busuzima leaped
upon him for a body slam, but landed flat
on his stomach as Yugo rolled.
Long faced off against Shenlong, neither of them
transforming.  They each blocked each
other's moves and each one answered each hit with
another hit.  Soon, only Yugo and Long were
fighting.  Shina was still trying to save Ryoko, and
Washu, Alice and Kenji were over by Uriko.
Helping her up and healing her.  The unborn child,
unfortunately, could not be saved.  Aeka and
Katsuhito pulled Jenny down, and motioned Washu to
help her next.  Mihoshi was trying to
break into the room that Shina had identified as
Mitsuko's cell, and Kiyone was watching for a
clean shot at Shenlong.
Washu managed to stabilize Jenny, then went to helping
Shina with Ryoko.  Then the
fight with Long changed suddenly.  A cry of pain from
Busuzima turned Shenlong's head for a
moment, and that was all Long needed.  He unloaded on
Shenlong, who didn't stand up to the
onslaught for long.  Few men could.  He soon
succumbed, and fell; bruised, bleeding, and
unconscious, to the floor.
"Just a copy" Long said.
Busuzima had been forced back into his human form, and
was cowering in a corner as
Yugo slavered over him.  The deranged man was bleeding
from several wounds, and would
probably need medical attention soon.  A shadow came
from the stairway.  Fox fell down the
stairs, bleeding from his nose and ears, with bruises
all over.
"You useless fuck!" Busuzima screamed at him.  "Where
were you?!"
Fox ignored him as he stood up.  He saw Long and
smiled.  "Care to dance?" he said in
his lisping British accent.
Long regarded him without emotion, and proceeded to
school the she-male in pain.  Fox
never stood a chance, and ended up getting thrown
against a wall, near an open door that
someone was just leaving.

******************

"Mother!" Uriko shouted, as Mihoshi, through blind
luck, opened the door.  Fights were
still going on around her, but she didn't care.  The
restraints holding her mother also released and
the two embraced each other tightly.
"Oh, mother!" Uriko sobbed, and began to cry into her
mother's arm.
"Uriko!  Thank heaven!  You shouldn't be here!"
"I-I." Uriko wanted to tell her about the mission to
save her, but she was in the middle
of a particularly painful emotion crisis, with her
miscarriage, and she just sobbed.
They held each other like that for awhile, then they
left the room to rejoin the others.
They left just as Fox was thrown against the wall.
Mitsuko looked at him closely.  "YOU!" she said.  She
would never forget the face of the
man who had kidnapped her daughter.  She just went
ape-shit.  Not a pretty picture given that
Mitsuko is 6'2'' and well over 200 pounds, with her
ample breasts being the only noticeable fat
on her body.
She grabbed him by the shirt (more correctly, the
bra), and decked him as hard as she
could.  Then followed it up with a backhand.  Fox's
eyes were unfocused.  She grabbed both his
shoulders, and rammed her knee into his groin.  Once.
Twice.  Three times.  His eyes rolled up
into his head, and he went limp.  But Mitsuko didn't
stop there.  She hefted him up, and threw
him ten feet across the room, where he collided with
Ryoko's tank and slid down, activating
something, and releasing the space pirate.
"Wow mom," Kenji said, "nice throw."
She smiled at him.  "Thank you, Kenji.  You're such a
sweet-hey!  What are you doing
here?!"
"Saving you, I would imagine." Came a voice from the
stairway.  A very large man
walked slowly down the steps, Fox's blood still fresh
on his hands.  Busuzima went pale when
he saw him, and Shina gasped.
"Father!" she said.
Yugo returned to human form.  "You're a little late
for the reunion party"
Gado smiled.  "Terribly sorry, but it took me this
long to find my associate," he said,
nodding in Jenny's direction, "I wasn't sure where she
had gone, so I assumed the worst.  Then I
cleaned out the guards up top.  Less than I thought
there would be."
"Thank us for that." Long said.
Gado looked down at Busuzima.  "There you are, snake.
You didn't leave the country?
Don't you remember what I said I'd do to you if I
caught you again?"
Busuzima started to cry.  "Pleeeaaaasssssseee!  Don't
kill me!"
Alice looked at Gado.  "You mean you knew about him?
You could have stopped all of
this!"
Gado shook his head.  "It was before all this ZLF
stuff.  He wasn't doing anything
illegal.that I knew of.  I promised him that I would
personally feed him his testicles before
turning him over to my mercenary friends who haven't
had a woman in years.  Then I'd tie his
tongue to his toes, and garrote him with his own
entrails."  He looked at the crying scientist.
"Well," he said, pulling out a Bowie knife, "to work
then."
"NOOOOOOO!" Busuzima cried, clinging to Yugo's leg.
"YOU CAN'T!  YOU'RE
ONE OF THE GOOD GUYS!!  I GET A FAIR TRIAL AND ALL
THAT!!"
"A fair trial, eh?" Kenji said.  "All right, verdict?"
he said, looking at Uriko and Alice.
"Guilty." They said together.
"Sentence?" Kenji said, looking to Tenchi.
"Sounds like the soldier's got a plan." Tenchi said
coldly.
Gado advanced on Busuzima.
Kiyone screamed.  They all turned to look at her.
Shenlong had Kiyone by the neck, held up with one
hand.
"Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled.
Shenlong punched the detective several times, breaking
several bones, and then threw her
aside, ready to return his attentions to Long.
"Nobody does that to my partner!" Mihoshi yelled.
"Nobody!"  And Mihoshi began to
change before everyone's eyes.
Fur, the same color as her hair, profuse and bristly.
She got huge, and her arms were
about as big around as Tenchi's waist.  Her clothing
ripped, and she threw back her arms and
roared.
Then, what had to be the single-largest ape Tenchi had
ever seen, shot out with one hand,
and grabbed Shenlong by the leg.  She slammed him
around several times, flinging him about
like a rag doll.  Then she held him up by his
ponytail, watching him cough up blood.
"Go ahead" he sneered at her.  "You don't have the
guts."
"Bad move," Alice said quietly.
She proved correct as the Mihoshi-Ape launched
Shenlong with full-force, clear across
the room.  And right into the one useful thing
Busuzima ever did.
"NO!" Busuzima, Ryoko, Shina and Washu shouted.
The containment tube exploded, and chains went
everywhere.
When the smoke cleared, Uriko almost fainted.  What
she saw was an image from her
darkest nightmares.  A woman, floating above the
ground.  She had short, silver-blue hair, and
colorless eyes.  Lightning periodically flashed across
her body.
"No, no, NO!" Busuzima screamed.  He threw himself at
Gado.  "Kill me, kill me now,
just don't let HER get me!"
Ryoko grabbed him.  "What is that?"
"Uranus" he sniffed.
"What's a Uranus?"
"Chimera" Uriko said in a dead voice.
The woman was getting her bearings.  She saw Fox's
comatose form and lifted him up
without touching him, like Telekinesis.  Then she
ripped his head from his shoulders with one
quick motion of one hand.  The she turned, and fixed
her gaze upon the rest of them.
"We're all gonna die" Busuzima said.

The shit had hit the fan.
