The Legal Info.... Cource I don own these characters the characters
belong to the creaters of Tenchi Muyo ,Tenchi Universe, and Tenchi In
Tokyo. so don sue Im broke.

 The Path Of The Traveler III:
OMEGA REVIVED!!!

                   (Opening Theme: Stars Falling - Smashing Pumpkins)

 (Theme slowly fades to the end where we come to the openining scene)

  Verijsha really hit it off with the girls. They hung around him like
they did with Tenchi. He also trained alot, throwing punches in the air.
He seemed angry while training.
  Everyday he and Tenchi would be called in to Washu's lab. She took off
their clothes, which Verijsha and Tenchi detested, but could do nothing
about it.
  One day a week after he killed Kain, Kagato, and The Man in the cloak
and cowel. Verijsha approached Washu.
  Verijsha put his hand on Washu's arm "Washu?"
  Washu jumped "Yes?" She panted.
  "Could You make a machine that can hold a computer of a ship?"
  "Yes... On one..."
  "No!"
  "How did you know what I was going to say?"
  "I can read your mind Washu, and Im not lettin you blow me!"
  "Ok I'll make it anyway just get the memory."
  "Ok" Verijsha walked out and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a
cigerette, put it in his mouth, lit a match by scraping it off the
bottom of his shoe, cupped his hand over his cigerette, and lit the
cigerette.
  He walked to where his ship crashed. he jump up and landed above the
airlock. Verijsha easily pulled off the airlock and jumped in the ship.
He walked to the cockpit, and grabbed a circular object, thicker than a
CD but around the same size. it looked like a hologram projecter.
  He walked out of the ship and walked back to Washu's Lab. "Heres the
memory."
  "Good! just in time!" She handed him an object looking like the main
computer of Yukinojo.
  "Thank you" He put it on a table next to the memory bank he got from
his ship. He put his hands infront of him and a holo-top appeared. He
began to type. "Ok there it should be ready in two hours." The Memory
and the storer became connected. Verijsha walked out.
  "Oh Verijsha!" Verijsha looked up and then got tackled by Ryoko. She
sat on his Chest.
  "Hi Ryoko... Ow!" his cigerette slipped from him and burnt him.
  "Oh Sorry, Verijsha." Ryoko got up.
  "Its ok..." Verijsha lifted most his body erect in the air. He flipped
up. "Hows your day been?"
  "Fine yours?"
  Verijsha shrugged and walked away.
  "Um... bye"
  Verijsha walked outside. He looked around thinking. a strange womans
voice goes through his head '*giggle* Verijsha your so sweet I love
you.' pause and Verijsha's voice starts 'and I you...' Verijsha then
bumped into Ayeka knocking her on her ass.
  "Oh sorry, Ayeka, I should watch where Im going"
  "No It's my fault I wasn't watching."
  "Well... need help?" Verijsha extended his arm.
  Ayeka turned crimson. "Thank you,Verijsha" She took his hand and was
lifted up by Verijsha. They looked into eachothers eyes.
  "Hey! Tenchi isn't enough now you have to flirt with this one?" Ryokos
voice was near and testy.
  "I dont know what your talking about Ryoko" Ayeka turned and blushed.
  "Really!?" Ryoko's voice unbeleiving.
  Verijsha was walking up the stairs at that time. *'Avoided that one
thank god'* Verijsha noticed Tenchi training with his grandpa. Katsuhito
threw rocks at Tenchi as he hit the log on the rope with his bokudo.
  Verijsha picked up a rock and threw it at Tenchi lightly to the back
of his head.  the rock hit Tenchi making him fly face first into the
ground.
  "Enemies may attacj by behind..." Verijsha began.
  "So you must watch you back at all times" Katsuhito finished. "It's
been a while Verijsha. Tenchi! trainings done for today!"
  "Ok Grandpa" Tenchi ran off.
  "So Yosho has it been 2, 2 in a half thousand years? you havn't
writtin, Im hurt." Verijsha smiled.
  Katsuhito turned into his younger form, "You've always been a joker,
so what brings you here?"
  "Ship crashed."
  "Omega? Crashed? What happened?"
  "It was shot, waking me from suspended animation, the engines blew out
making it impossable to get out of the earths atmosphere. It crashed and
appearently your grandson found me."
  "He's a good kid."
  "Yeah, well... I came to sight to see how you've improved Yosho. I
wanna see If I can still kick your ass"
  "Ah you wish" Yosho smirked and unsheathed his bokudo, Verijsha did
the same. Yosho rushed at Verijsha swinging his bokudo at him. Verijsha
parried and slashed back. Yosho parried and did the same.
  This went on until Yosho was left panting. "C'mon Yosho! you can do
better than that!" Verijsha stood strait not a bit short of breath.
  Yosho launched at Verijsha slashing with all his power but was
parried. he jumped back and held his bokudo up high. He began to slash
at his head and Verijsha moved to parry, but he parried lower than the
sword for Yosho began slant down with his cut. Yosho was parried in a
fashon that made the top of his bokudo fly away.
  Verijsha put his bokudo tip to Yosho's neck and smirked "I win."
Verijsha shifted his eyes "Quick! disquise!"
  "Huh?" Yosho turned back to his old form Katsuhito. Just then Ayeka
came through the brushes.
  "Hello Ayeka" Verijsha didn't even turn.
  "How did you know?" Verijsha tapped his head. Ayeka became bewildered
but quickly snapped out. "wheres Tenchi?"
  "He should be at the house by now" Katsuhio answered.
  "Ok!" Ayeka ran down the steps.
  "Tell me how did you know she was there?"
  "I can read minds, you know that."
  "Oh yeah... well its been nice seeing you again Verijsha."
  "Same here" the old friends hugged and Verijsha left.

             ***********************************************

  Verijsha widdled away the time until sunset came. He then went back
down the stairs to eat some of Sasami's great cooking. When he reached
the bottom of the steps he heard two screams. One Mihoshi's and the
other Ayeka's.
  He Unholstered his gun and ran down the steps. When he got down the
steps he cracked up in laughter for the were running from a small
orbical object. that looked like Yukinojo.
  "Omega! stop!"
  "Huh? Sir! your alright!" the orbish thing that appearently was Omega
turned.
  "Yes Omega thanks to these kind people. What were you doing?"
  "I woke up and these startled me sir so I attacked as programed."
  "You did good."
  "sir can I analize the girls?"
  "yes"
  "Um...." Omega looked at Ayeka and its eyes turned red and then turned
back. "Ayeka: First princess of Juriah, chronic liar, snot nosed,
arrogent, and in love with boy, great nephew Tenchi."
  "Why I never!"
  Omega turned to Mihoshi and his eyes turned and turned back, "Mihoshi:
Woman GP Officer, Blonde, Idiot, Clumsy, yet nice, very niave about her
partners hostile feelings at her." He turned to Verijsha "Affeciant data
required sir."
  "Did you find anything good about them?"
  "Plenty, just the faults were more interesting."
  "Hmm," Verijsha looked up at Ayeka "Dont take it personal he does it
alot"
  "Ok!" Ayeka cheered up, Mihoshi still didn't know what was going on.
  They walked inside and Omega continued analizing.
  "Huh" Omega looked at Kiyone who was on the couch lounging. "Kiyone:
Top Officer for GP, graduated top in her class but then got the luck of
being Mihoshi's partner. Lovely yet deadly discribes her well" Omega
turned his attention to Sasami who was cooking. "Sasami: Little sister
of Ayeka, much better in being polite, nicer, does not lie, and is a
great cook, she is soposed to become Tsunami strongest ship in the
universe, suposably."
  "Hmm" Verijsha watched Omega.
  Omega turned his attention to Washu who had just walked out of her
lab. His eyes turned red and went back. "Washu: Genious scientist,
mother of one Ryoko, Deluded in her own mind and Genious, she thinks she
is the greatest, but yet with that she is stupid."
  "Huh? How did that do that?" Washu looked at Omega.
  "Insult you? easy I do it all the time." Verijsha smiled.
  "No it read my mind thats impossible even for a smart machine created
by me Washu: The Greatest Scientific Genious In The Universe!"
  "well my maker is very resourcful" Omega looked at Washu.
  "and who made you?"
  "I did" Verijsha looked at Washu.
  "Are you kidding?!"
  "No I'm not I made him by putting a sample of my brain tissue into his
system. appearently my kind can regrow brain tissue."
  "Wow! amazing! I must analize him soon as possible!"
  "ok I will allow you to analize him tomorrow ok?"
  "Fine with me!"
  Omega turned his attention to Ryoko who was sleeping on the couch. His
eyes turned red and then back. "Ryoko Notorious space pirate, Beautiful,
a little selfish, beautiful, powerful, beautiful, did I meantion
beautiful?"
  Verijsha laughed. Ryoko woke up "Huh? what the hell is going on
here?!"

             ***********************************************

  Washu explained what Omega was to Ryoko. That was the easy part.
  Verijsha got stuck teaching it to Mihoshi. After an hour of trying to
explaining to Mihoshi he was about an inch from unholstering his blaster
and cappin her ass, but he cept restraint.
  Hours had past and they had eaten dinner. Everybody went to bed.
  Verijsha laid in bed looking the ceiling. "Omega..."
  "Yes Sir"
  "What if Madam comes and I'm asleep what will the rest do?"
  "Don't worry sir Madam won't come now go to sleep" Verijsha closed his
eyes and slept. "Goodnight Verijsha" Omega's eyes went blank and it
rested on the dresser in Verijsha's room.

                                         THE END

       (ending senquince) A Picture of Venijsha walking into the set
sun, his back to the camera, the stone of the road beneath his feet. His
shadow longaded beneath him. Holding his gun over his right shoulder.
The other characters appeared walking with him one by one. Omega flies
over Verijsha's head, and finally Ryo-Ohki appears on Verijsha's
shoulder. the camera zooms in to Ryo-Ohki smiling and closing eyes.
(accompanied with the Closing Song - Turn The Page - Mettalica)

  (Preview Sequince) Hi this is Verijsha (Pic op Mihoshi tryin to shoot
somthing but fails) oh Mihoshi.... you need help? ok (shows a shot of
appearently Verijsha's memory of a strange woman) No! not her! anyone
but her! well... the next episode of the Newest Tenchi series The Path
Of The Traveler: Memories and Helping Hands. (Its Unquestionably
Helpful)