("Whatever" by Godsmack fills the air as Chris Storm is once again in the
training room. Today though he is in his golden state. The floor is broken
and walls are cracking. Chris keeps training at the intense level trying to
increase his power to the next step. The gravity machine cuts off and the
music dies off. Chris powers down and puts back on normal clothes. He exits
the training room and heads to Washu's lab for his normal physical. There
Washu is already set for him.)

Washu: Well Chris was you able to train with that new found power?

Chris: Yeah, I've been able to for a week now. But I can't keep in that form
for every long. Normally just a few hours or so. But each time it gets
longer and longer.

Washu: Well I was brushing up on my Saiyan history. It appears that you are
not the only Saiyan recorded to change into that state before. It's called
Super Saiyan. I also discovered that your tail allows you to change into a
giant ape like monster when you view the full moon. So I suggest you keep
indoors at nights when there are full moons.

Chris: Ok will do. Anything else?

Washu: Yes one more thing. It's been on my mind for some time now. How do
you know Genesis?

Chris: I would rather not discuss my past. I'm ashamed of it and I don't
wish to relive it.

Washu: Well I don't wish for the entire house to be under attack by this
monster because of your past. I think we have a right to know what your
relationship with Genesis is. He's pissed at you for some reason.

Chris: He's not pissed. He's just doing his job. Remember when I said the
group that sent me would send another hitman to take out me and Tenchi. Well
you just meet him. Only thing is Genesis is the best there is. He was just
toying with us last time. Letting us think we beat him then when we let down
our guard he's going to crush us all.

Washu: But we all saw you blast him to outer space. There is no way he
survived that blast.

Chris: He's more powerful then that blast. I was fooling myself by even
started to believe I finished him off. You see me and Genesis are part of a
hired gun guild if you will. Me and Genesis was close but everything changed
from that.

Washu: What happened?

Chris: We where working in another universe far from here. It was shortly
after I joined the guild and Genesis was the first one to see my true power.
So he took me under his wing and treated me like his son. Then we got a job
to kill this prime minister of this planet. Me and Genesis just took this as
a vacation. We stayed on the planet for a few weeks just having fun. Then I
met this girl. She was amazing. Really it was just lust that fueled the
relationship, but there was love between us any ways. When Genesis saw this
he decided it was time to end our little vacation. That's when I discovered
that the prime minister was the women's father. I couldn't bring myself to
killing him. Me and Genesis fought over this and Genesis got pissed at me
and threaten to blow the entire planet up and me if I didn't kill him and
her. Well I was scared and a fled the planet. From the distance I saw the
planet explode in the fury of Genesis. Even sense then me and Genesis
haven't talked. I stayed part of the guild but I transferred to another
division. But if I know Genesis, when he heard about this assignment he was
the first one to jump on the chance.

Washu: So is that why you deny all your true feeling? You don't want to get
close to anyone because you fear losing them just as you lost her?

Chris: That is none of your damn business! Now if you don't mind, I believe
our time is up. I'll see you tomorrow.

(Chris leaves Washu's lab and heads out of the house. He walks deep into an
empty part of the woods. In a giant burst of energy, Chris blows the area
up. Everyone at the house and shrine felt the explosion. As if the entire
planet moved. After clearing his head Chris heads back towards the house.
There at the back door waiting for him is Ryoko.)

Chris: Come to lecture me too?

Ryoko: No just to talk. Washu told everyone your relationship with Genesis.

Chris: She told everyone everything? Dammit I knew I shouldn't have trusted
her.

Ryoko: Well I don't care how you know him or not, . . .

(Chris grabs his chest and falls to one knee. He has a pained expression on
his face. Ryoko kneels down next to him to see what the problem is. Chris
just gets a hold of the wall with his free hand and pulls himself up.)

Ryoko: What's the matter Chris?

Chris: It's nothing, just chest pains. I get them all the time. Look it's
getting dark, I need to go inside before the moon comes out.

Ryoko: Oh yeah, the monkey thing. Washu told us about that and your Super
Saiyan thing too.

Chris: Oh great is nothing a secret with this women?

Ryoko: Look Sasami has dinner ready, lets go inside and get something to
eat. Oh and Chris.

Chris: Yes?

Ryoko: Thanks. I know I say thanks a lot but you're always there helping me.

Chris: What's the thanks for this time?

Ryoko: For setting up the date with Tenchi. It was magical. Just perfect.
And I know I have you to thank for it. You can lie to me but Tenchi can't. I
knew he was telling the truth when he said he had nothing to do with it. Any
ways he's not that romantic.

Chris: Well always glad to help. After all, how long have you been chasing
Tenchi? And he always acts like a board around you. It's not healthy for a
man to act that way around a women.

(They go inside and eat dinner. After dinner Chris goes to the training
room. He ejects Godsmack and replaces it with another CD. Soon "Bent" by
Matchbox 20 starts up. Chris powers up to the Super Saiyan.)

Chris: Control your rage! Concentrate the energy and use it.

(The night turns to day. Ayeka goes to Chris' room to fetch him for
breakfast but hides him not there. Everyone goes to eat breakfast but soon
Chris walks into the dinning room. Everyone stops what they're going and
turns to Chris. He's still in his Super Saiyan form.)

Ayeka: Your hair! What did you do to your hair! I can't believe you would dy
your hair.

Tenchi: Uh Chris, what happened to you? You look very different. I mean you
are Chris right?

Mihoshi: I always did like blond much better then brown any ways. *giggles*

Ryoko: And your eyes, they changed too. What did you do to yourself?

Nobuyuki: What? What's so different about Chris? Plenty of people change
their hair to a lighter color.

Katsuhito: I thought you wanted to keep your power level low so not to
attract people to us.

Washu: I can't believe you mastered it. Always able to reach the next level
huh Chris?

Ryo-Ohki: Meow! Meow, meow, meow!

Chris: You want me to dip you in the lake Ryo-Ohki? You shouldn't talk like
that. Now as for the rest of you, this is my new look. I plan to stay a
Super Saiyan so I don't waste the energy it takes to power up into the form.
So everyone should learn to live with it.

(They all sit to eat. Chris looks over to Katsuhito, who has made a rare
stop at the house to eat breakfast.)

Chris: Hey Katsuhito, let me ask a favor of you. You see although I am more
powerful and stronger and quicker then before, my actual fighting skills
have not improved much. I know you train Tenchi in the art of Jurian combat
but I was wondering if I would learn a few moves from you too. After all,
all the power in the world won't mean a thing if I can't use it properly.

Ayeka: I'm sorry Chris but the Jurian art form is purely meant to be used by
Jurians only. It's nothing against you but we just can't have everyone
knowing how we fight.

Katsuhito: Plus I'm getting too old to teach you the art form. But I tell
you what I will do. I will work with you when I am not busy and we can spar.
That should teach you new techniques without having to teach you from the
beginnings. How about to cut your training by 2 or 3 hours and we can have a
little practice spar.

Chris: Ok that will be perfect. Thanks.

(They go along their day as normal. Nobuyuki goes to work as Katsuhito
returns to the shrine. Sasami, Ayeka, and surprisingly Ryoko clean off the
table and place them in the kitchen. Mihoshi takes Ryo-Ohki to the living
room to watch their favorite tv shows. Tenchi and Chris go out to work the
land. Soon he leaves to go to school and Chris heads up to the shrine to
spar with Katsuhito. There he finds the old man with two wooden swords. He
throws on to Chris.)

Katsuhito: I figure we could start with a warm up then move on to hand to
hand combat later in the week.

Chris: Fine with me. What are the rules?

Katsuhito: First one to secure a fatal blow wins. No leaving the shrine.
Other then that where are no other rules.

Chris: Cool. Attack first because. . .

(Before Chris can even finish Katsuhito lungs at Chris and swipes at him
with the wooden sword. Chris hardly is able to dodge the blow. Chris moves
over to square up with Katsuhito. They circle each other and Chris swings
directly at Katsuhito. He blocks with his sword and Chris releases his claws
and cuts Katsuhito's sword in four. Chris backs off.)

Chris: I think that means I won.

Katsuhito: You didn't secure a fatal blow. The match continues.

Chris: Dammit. Fine then round 2.

(Chris charges the old man and tries to side elbow him with the sword but
Katsuhito moves and takes the sword out of Chris' hands.)

Katsuhito: Don't think just because I was unarmed that you won.

Chris: Yeah well I see I underestimated you. An error on my part. I guess
it's time to turn it up.

(Chris jumps back and starts to power up. Katsuhito is taken off guard by
the sudden burst of energy. Chris uses his enhanced speed to nail Katsuhito
with a hard right then grabs his head. Chris tries to throw Katsuhito into a
tree but he bounces off and nails Chris with a kick to the jaw. Chris back
flips and charges in again. He spits into two and attacks the old man from
both sides. He defenses himself off until the two Chris spit to make four
Chris. They soon overtake the old man and knock him down. Chris forges back
into one body and stands over the old man with his hand pointed at him.)

Chris: Now it's game over.

Katsuhito: Yes I must admit. You won. I'm not as quick as I was years ago.
Nor as strong.

Chris: Well I'm still amazed that you was able to fend off my attacks when I
spit. I didn't think I would have to spit again to defeat you.

Katsuhito: Well I know you won't be able to learn too much from me. I tell
you what, come tomorrow I will get you a more suitable opponent for you to
face. Now we are done for the day.

Chris: Ok, thanks for the help any ways. Hey quick question.

Katsuhito: Yes?

Chris: Tenchi is able to create Lighthawk Wings right?

Katsuhito: Three. Why?

Chris: Well everyone says that's one of the most powerful weapons. I just
would like to see for myself.

Katsuhito: There is a problem with that. Tenchi can't create the Lighthawk
Wings any time he wants. Something has to happen to make him use them.

Chris: Still, talking to him about it won't hurt.

(Chris heads off to the house to take a break. He walks in to take a sit on
the couch. He stretches his arms out and hears something. He looks up and
catches Ryoko as he falls from the rafters. He helps her back on her feet.)

Ryoko: Once again there to catch me.

Chris: Uh, well, uh what where you doing up there any ways?

Ryoko: Trying to get some extra shut eye before dinner. I guess I must have
fell.

Chris: Why didn't you just sleep in your bed?

Ryoko: With how long you have been here you still don't know I don't have a
real place to sleep.

Chris: You mean you don't have your own room yet?

Ryoko: Well I'm always wondering around the house any ways. I mean I
wouldn't stay in the room much any ways.

Chris: Well if you ever want to sleep during the day just use my bed. I work
all day long any ways. The beds just going to waste during the day and it's
stupid for you to sleep on a rafter when there is a bed you could sleep on.

Ryoko: Thanks, mind if I go catch a few z's on there now?

Chris: Not at all. I was just going to grab something to drink then. . . Uh
what are you staring at?

Ryoko: Oh, sorry, I'm still not use to your hair being gold. It's strange,
but I guess I can get to like it. Hey if your about to train, then can I
join you? I am stronger then I was last time. I promise I won't argue with
you this time.

Chris: Ok, I can't see anything wrong with that. I already trained with
Katsuhito and I can just help you now.

Ryoko: Thanks.

(Chris grabs a couple of beers but stops and thinks about it. He throws them
back and grabs a few sports drinks. Him and Ryoko head to the training
room.)