(It's a beautiful weekend and Tenchi is able to stay home to rest on his
days off from school. But not all is calm. He's busy with the help of Chris,
repairing damages done to the house from yet another Ayeka and Ryoko battle.
They on the roof working and almost finished. Chris jumps off the roof and
lands feet first on the ground. He picks up the remaining tiles and jumps
back onto the roof.)

Chris: Tenchi it's your weekend off. Go relax and I'll finish fixing the
roof.

Tenchi: Are you sure?

Chris: Yeah go have fun. You deserve it.

Tenchi: Thanks I owe you one.

(With that Tenchi climbs down the ladder and heads back inside to rest.
Chris throws down the rest of the roof tiles and starts nailing them in
quickly. 30 minutes later he finishes. He jumps off the roof and almost
lands on Sasami and Ryoko with Ryo-Ohki.)

Sasami: Oh good morning Chris. Almost fell on us there.

Chris: Yeah sorry about that. I didn't look down when I jumped. I was just
finishing the last holes in the roof.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow!

Chris: I said I was sorry. Be quiet you little cabbit. It was an accident.

Ryoko: Where's Tenchi? I thought he was helping you with the repairs.

Chris: He was but I told him to take a break and I would finish it for him.
Guy never gets a break as it is. I figured I could just do this by myself
any ways.

Sasami: That was very nice of you. Well me and Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki was about
to get some ice cream. Want to go with us?

Chris: Ice cream? What's that?

Ryoko: You never ate ice cream before?

Ryo-Ohki: Meow, meow, meow.

Chris: Hey give me a break, I'm new to this planet. I mean I am not big on
cold food any ways.

Sasami: So you want to go with us? We are going to catch the bus to town and
stop at a local ice cream parlor.

Chris: I could just bring you there on my motorcycle. I added a side cart to
it. I could bring you both.

Ryoko: You would do that for us? Sure, but uh do you have any money? We're
on a little short changed side for a fourth man.

Chris: Sure I have money. Just wait and I'll get changed.

(Chris heads back to the house. Ryoko turns to Sasami, who has Ryo-Ohki on
her head as normal.)

Ryoko: Oh that reminds me I better get our money Sasami.

Sasami: Ok I'll wait.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow!

(They get their money and head to town for ice cream. Later that evening
they arrive back at the Masaki home. Ryoko and Chris are still finishing
their ice cream.)

Chris: This is really good. I never thought cream of ice would taste so
good. I didn't even know there was a cream of ice.

Sasami: No silly, it's not the creme of ice. It's a mixture of salts, ice,
and other things to make it.

Chris: Well whatever it is, it taste good.

Sasami: Ah huh.

Ryoko: What flavor did you get Chris?

Chris: Rocky Road. You?

Ryoko: Cookies 'n' cream. Let me try yours.

(Chris takes a spoon full of his and feeds Ryoko some ice cream.)

Chris: Let me try some of yours.

Ryoko: Ok but only a little.

(Ryoko takes a spoon full of her's and spoon feeds Chris. She laughs as she
wipes his mouth for him. Sasami just giggles.)

Sasami: You two are acting just like you're a couple. It's great. And I'm
your little princess.

Ryoko: We're not a couple, just friends that are comfortable with each
other.

Sasami: Yeah I know. But you still look nice together.

Chris: Well thank you very much Sasami.

(Chris looks at his watch as they walk to the back door of the house.)

Chris: I can't believe it's almost noon. We spent a good bit of the morning
in town.

Sasami: I better start lunch before it gets too late. I will see you both
later. Come on Ryo-Ohki.

(Sasami walks inside and heads for the kitchen. Ryo-Ohki leaps out of
Ryoko's arms and jumps into the door. It bounces off unable to go through
the door. The cabbit shakes it off and jumps through the door this time.)

Chris: Well I guess I'm going to train then go take a bath. You coming
inside?

Ryoko: No, I'm going to stay outside and finish my ice cream. I'll see you
later.

(Chris walks inside, leaving Ryoko outside. Ryoko leans against the house
and eats her ice cream. Katsuhito walks up to her as she licks away at her
ice cream.)

Katsuhito: Why Ryoko, what has you so happy today?

Ryoko: Oh, hello Katsuhito. I'm just thinking.

Katsuhito: About Tenchi?

Ryoko: Oh no, just about Chris and the day I've had.

Katsuhito: Well I just thought you was because you have that same look on
your face when Tenchi is near.

Ryoko: What do you mean?

Katsuhito: Oh nothing. Well your smile is very beautiful and I hope you
continue to be happy. Now do you know if Sasami has finished lunch yet?

Ryoko: She's preparing it right now.

Katsuhito: Thank you. You going in for lunch?

Ryoko: Maybe, I just want to sit out here and think.

(Katsuhito walks inside as Ryoko takes a sit in mid-air. Before she can fall
to sleep, Chris disrupts her thought. He's now in his training gi.)

Chris: Sorry if I bothered you. I was just heading to the training room and
I saw you was still outside.

Ryoko: Yeah it's such a beautiful day I would hate spending it inside.

Chris: Well why don't you go for a walk? Maybe head down to the lake. I plan
to go there after I finish training for a dip.

Ryoko: Ok that might be fun. I'll see you there later I guess.

Chris: Ok later.

(Chris throws the towel that was in his hand over his shoulder and turns
around and walks into the training room. Ryoko starts on her walk. As she
makes her first few steps she is joined by Tenchi.)

Tenchi: Ryoko what are you going out here? I thought you would be eating
lunch now.

Ryoko: Well I was talking into going for a walk. Maybe clear my head.

Tenchi: That's strange, Chris walked inside and saw me watching Tv, doing
nothing and told me to go take a walk outside too.

Ryoko: *to herself* Yeah, strange.

(Tenchi and Ryoko enjoy their walk together. Far off at the house, Chris
finishes his training for the day. He's walking to the living room to watch
Tv as he finds Washu already in there.)

Washu: I thought you said you was going to head down to the lake after you
practiced.

Chris: I don't want to bother Ryoko and Tenchi. Any ways I can swim anytime
I want. Not like the lake won't be there tomorrow.

Washu: Chris, you need to stop intervening in Tenchi and Ryoko's life like
this. Let them decide what they want to do together and how their relation
will be.

Chris: Look I don't what you are talking about Washu. I'm going to get me
something to eat then find something to do. I'll see you later.

Washu: Chris, don't be this way! You. . . *argh!* . . . that boy makes me so
angry at times. It's a damn shame he's so damn likeable.

(Chris walks into the kitchen. He can't find anything to eat and decides to
head outside to check on Ryoko and Tenchi. He walks over to the lake to find
Ryoko alone sitting on the shore. He walks over to her and takes a sit next
to her.)

Chris: Where's Tenchi at? I thought he was going for a walk too.

Ryoko: He did. But then Katsuhito called for him. So you ready to take that
dip now?

Chris: Well. . . . I'm not really dressed to swim. I guess I forgot my
shorts.

Ryoko: Who said anything about clothes? *laughing*

(Ryoko gets up and takes Chris' hand. She changes instantly into her swim
suit. She walks into the walk looking back at Chris who still stood on the
shoreline.)

Ryoko: Come on in. The water feels great.

Chris: (He looks around.) Well I don't know. Maybe for just a few minutes.

(Chris removes his shirt and walks into the water. Ryoko grabs his arm and
pulls him deeper into the water. She splashes water on his. Chris fights
back and splashes water on her. Ryoko dips Chris underwater. They continue
to play around until the sun starts to set. They walk back to the house
together. Inside everyone is about to start supper early. Chris and Ryoko
take places at the table.)

Ayeka: Had a fun swim?

Chris: Huh? What do you mean.

Nobuyuki: Tenchi saw you both swimming in the lake together as he was
heading back to the house from the shrine.

Ryoko: Don't get the wrong idea here you guys. We was just swimming. Nothing
happened.

Ayeka: Well oh course nothing happened. You're not Chris' type of girl.
Nothing happened unless you made it happen. Which I'm sure you tried
something.

Ryoko: Now listen to me princess, . . .

Chris: Cool it girls. Now Ayeka, Ryoko didn't try anything and we just had
fun swimming. Nothing else. Now as far as the type of girl I date, don't
worry about that.

(Chris heads off as everyone silently eats their dinner. At dinner, Washu
calls for Ryoko to help her with something in her lab.)

Washu: Ryoko do me a favor and go get Chris for me. I need to run a quick
test to check if his adrenalin is high or not from his enhanced power.

Ryoko: Next time just say, "Ryoko go fetch Chris for me." and skip the
medical science talk.

Washu: Ok then, Ryoko go fetch Chris for me.

Ryoko: I don't know where he is.

Washu: Try his room. If he's not in there then try the training room. Not
like he ever goes any wheres.

Ryoko: Ok I'll go get him for you.

(Ryoko leaves the lab and crosses down the hall toward Chris' room. The door
is unlocked so she walks right in. She doesn't see Chris in the room but
notices the bathroom door shut. She looks around and closes Chris' door.
Ryoko walks toward the bathroom door. She decides against opening it and
instead floats up and phases through the wall into the bathroom, unseen by
Chris. She stays high and keeps her body is a phases state so she remains
unseen by Chris. She sees Chris taken a shower. A sudden slam of a door
causes Ryoko to loses her concentration. Ryoko falls out of the bathroom
back into Chris' room. Next to her stands Washu, who is looking down at
her.)

Washu: I said to fetch him. Not spy on his when he's in the bathroom.

Ryoko: I wasn't spying on him! I saw the door closed and wanted to check to
see if he was in there! After all, you're the one that told me to get him
for you.

Washu: Fine then. I'll just wait until he gets out. And you will stay out of
his room until he gets out too.

Ryoko: You make it sound like I had that whole thing planned out.

Washu: You forget I know what you are thinking.

(Ryoko is left speechless as Washu leaves Chris' room. Ryoko slowly follows.
Ryoko flops down on the couch in the living room. Mihoshi joins her on the
couch as she gets ready to watch her favorite TV show.)

Mihoshi: You look dazed Ryoko. Anything wrong?

Ryoko: Uh? Oh Mihoshi, no it's just I was just thinking.

Mihoshi: About seeing Chris naked?

Ryoko: What did you just say?

Mihoshi: I was walking to the living room when I passed by Chris' room and
heard you and Washu talking.

Ryoko: I wasn't spying on him.

Mihoshi: Yeah I know, but you still got to see him naked.

Ryoko: *blushing* Mind if we talk about something different?

Mihoshi: That must have been a sight. I mean Chris is big and trains all the
time. I bet his chest is cut.

Ryoko: Mihoshi. . .

Mihoshi: I bet you could iron shirts on his stomach.

Ryoko: MIHOSHI!!!

Mihoshi: What?

Ryoko: Mind if we just watch the TV show?

Mihoshi: Ok you'll like this episode. You see what happens is. . .

(As Mihoshi ruins the show for Ryoko, Washu enters Chris' room and sees him
picking out training tools in the closet. She gets him for the test. Tenchi
is busy finishing homework from school and Ayeka and Sasami are in their
room, as Ayeka does Sasami's hair. The night dawns on the day and the sky
grows black. From the deep reaches of space an evil force watches them.
Studying them. Testing them.)