[Disclaimor: Ok this is the lemon chapter.  Sorry to keep you waiting.  Once
again I do not own this characters.  Just Chris Storm.  Don't sue me because
all you will get is my bills.]

(In the halls of the Masaki home, Chris is walking to Washu's lab. There he
finds the door locked. Confused, Chris walks to the living room with nothing
to do. In the hall by the living room, Chris bumps into Ryoko.)

Chris: Oh, huh, hello Ryoko. How are you doing?

Ryoko: Good, good. Nothing to complain about. You?

Chris: Well Washu's lab is locked so I was just walking with nothing to do.

Ryoko: Well, Chris maybe . . . well never mind. Uh, then guess I'll see you
later or something.

Chris: Yeah, maybe.

(Chris and Ryoko go their separate ways, Ryoko to the bath and Chris to the
living room. In there he finds Ayeka and Mihoshi. It looks as if they
overheard but Chris doesn't pay them much attention.)

Ayeka: Did you hear that? Something is going on.

Mihoshi: As a Galaxy Police officer I feel it is my duty to investigate.

Ayeka: Let's.

(Ayeka and Mihoshi hurry to the bath room, where Ryoko has just started
resting in the warm bath. Ayeka and Mihoshi join her.)

Ayeka: So . . . Ryoko, anything on your mind? Anything at all?

Mihoshi: We are always here if you need someone to talk to. You know, about
your day, what you did, or maybe . . . a guy.

Ryoko: Huh? What are you talking about?

Mihoshi: Nothing just talking. I mean how long have we been here? A good bit
huh. But none of us has had a date or a boyfriend yet. Oh course, someone
could be hiding something like that.

Ayeka: You know, at first it was just Tenchi, but now Chris has moved in.
He's quite the looker isn't he? I bet he's quite the romantic too.

Ryoko: Oh he is.

Ayeka: What was that Ryoko?

Ryoko: Well what I meant was, I bet he is the romantic type. Candle light
dinner, dancing, . . .

Mihoshi: Swimming for two?

Ayeka: I bet he's also a great kisser.

Ryoko: Magical . . . huh well so I would image. Tenchi is a good kisser so
Chris might be one too.

Mihoshi: Oh and his body, looks like he was chipped from marble.

Ayeka: Ryoko you've seen him naked before. What DOES his body look like?

Ryoko: I'd rather not talk about it.

Mihoshi: Come on, between us girls.

(Ayeka and Mihoshi move in closer to Ryoko. Ryoko thinks of what to say and
turns back to them.)

Ryoko: His body has lots of scars over it. Cuts and other marks are all over
his body. You can tell he's spent his entire life fighting.

Ayeka: That's all fine and well but we mean, what does his body look like?

Ryoko: *blushing* I really didn't get a good look at that. I couldn't tell
you what it looked like.

Mihoshi: Come on Ryoko. You mean to tell us, when you and Chris were
swimming he never brushed up against you and you got a good feel for it?

Ryoko: No! Now if you ladies don't mind, I think I've sat in here long
enough.

(Ryoko gets up and grabs a towel. She wraps it around her body and exits the
bath room. The defeated Ayeka and Mihoshi from another plan and soon set out
to find Chris. They find him still in the living room, merely channel
surfing. They sit down next to him, one of each side.)

Ayeka: So Chris . . . how do you like it thus far in Okayama? Everyone seems
nice around you. I mean you and Ryoko are seeming rather friendly. Sasami
told me about your ice cream trip when I was doing her hair a few nights
ago.

Chris: Are you trying to imply something?

Mihoshi: No we were just wondering, because there are so many girls and only
two guys. Seems strange neither of you two have a girlfriend.

Ayeka: Yes so we were wondering that if. . .

(Ayeka is interrupted by a knock at the door.)

Chris: I'll be with you in a second Ayeka.

(Chris gets up between the ladies and answers the door. Mush to his
surprise, Keisho is at the door. She appears to have been crying and her eye
is bruised. As soon as Chris opens the door enough, Keisho grabs Chris and
holds him tight to her. She starts crying into his chest. Chris leads her to
the living room.)

Chris: Keisho, calm down and tell me what happened.

Keisho: *trying to hold back the tears* It was that creep from the bar. He .
. . he returned and started screaming something about "that blond shrimp" .
. . he started throwing chairs and turning over tables. When he saw me, he .
. . he hit me in the face and told me to get you.

(Keisho starts crying again. Chris comforts her until she stops crying.)
Ayeka: Chris, how do you know this girl?

Chris: She's a waitress at a bar I went too. Some jackass was harassing her
and I stopped him.

Keisho: Yes and Chris, I'm sorry for the trouble I caused last night. Did
you ever find out what was wrong with that woman last night?

Chris: Uh . . . uh yes it was just shock to see you.

Keisho: I knew I shouldn't have asked you to help me bathe last night. I
just didn't think of what would happen if one of your house mates walked in
on us.

Ayeka: This house mate that walked in, did she have cyan hair?

Keisho: Why yes, she did. Who is she?

Chris: Don't worry about it. Now I'm going to the bar and finish what I
started.

Ayeka: Well in that case, I think it would be best if this women stays here.
It wouldn't be safe at the bar.

Chris: Fine, but make sure she stays out of trouble and that trouble stays
away from her. If you know what I mean.

(Chris grabs his jacket and heads out. Ayeka and Mihoshi move in closer to
Keisho.)

Ayeka: So, we still haven't been properly introduced. I'm Ayeka and this is
Mihoshi.

Keisho: My name is Keisho. Look I don't want to be any bother to you so I'm
just going to stay in this room.

Mihoshi: Not at all. Look, we will just sit here and talk like girls. Get to
know each other.

Keisho: Ok I guess that will be nice.

Ayeka: So Chris met you at a bar?

Keisho: Yes, I'm a waitress at a tavern in Okayama and Chris helped me when
some creep was harassing me. Unfortunately I live in the upper level of the
bar so. . .

(Keisho tells them the story of how she met Chris. In the other side of the
house, Ryoko has just awaken from taking a nap in Chris' bed. Ryoko lays on
the bed and stretches out. She looks around and rolls over to the side
closest to the door. She closes her eyes and smiles, thinking of something.
As Keisho comes to the end of the story, Ryoko vanishes out of Chris' room
and heads toward the living room, unaware of the surprise that awaits her
there.)

Keisho: . . . when I couldn't reach my back, I asked Chris to help me. I
guess I didn't think of what I was asking at the time. I'm use to having
someone there to wash my back for me. Then when Chris started, that's when a
woman entered. . .

Ryoko: You! What are you doing here?

(Ryoko walks toward Keisho. Ayeka and Mihoshi hold Ryoko to calm her down
and tell her what has happened. Meanwhile at the bar, Chris has just pulled
up.)

Chris: Where is he? I've been called out and I plan to finish what I
started.

(Chris looks around the bar. Tables are turned over, chairs are broken, and
the bar looks to be empty. Then from the back walks out the guy from before
with two other guys with him. They surround Chris.)

Guy: This time you won't be able to catch me by surprise, you little shrimp.

Chris: Then shut the hell up and bring it.

Guy: *laughing* You're a very funny guy. Not many people try to sound tough
before they get their ass kicked.

Chris: I still believe you won't even touch me.

Guy: Keep telling yourself that.

(Chris gets ready as one of the other two guys charge Chris from the side.
Chris emits his energy and causes the guy to be sent back into one of the
pool tables. The other guy tries to attack Chris but Chris once again powers
up and throws the guy away using only his energy. Finally it's just Chris
and the first guy. He nervously looks at the others, who couldn't even get
close to Chris.)

Chris: Next time know what you are getting yourself into before you try to
pick a fight with someone.

(Chris ejects his claws and lets out a scream in pain as the claws rip
through Chris' skin to the surface. Blood runs down his hands and arms. The
man runs past Chris and out of the bar. Chris chases after him and tackles
him in the street. He punches away on the man. He doesn't use the claws but
comes close. Once the man is a bloody mess, Chris picks him up.)

Chris: If I ever see you again, I will kill you. If I hear that you hurt
anyone, I will kill you. Do you understand me?

(The man shakes his head in agreement. Chris drops him and gets on his
motorcycle. Chris heads back home. Mean while at home, the girls are all
still talking.)

Keisho: I'm sorry to ask you Ryoko, seeing as how we just met and all, but
what is your relationship with Chris?

Ryoko: Relationship? There is no relationship. We are just friends. Why do
you ask?

Keisho: Well he's hot and I must admit, he's the nicest guy I've ever met.
Normally I date guys that are dirty and pigs. But Chris is different.

Mihoshi: Different is an understatement.

Ayeka: Ryoko, seeing as how we are being so open and none of the guys are
around to hear, tell the truth, have you ever found out just how big his . .
. well you know.

Ryoko: No! I'm telling you, I didn't get a good look at it.

Mihoshi: Out of all the times you've never brushed up against it, or when
you were swimming, you never felt it.

Ryoko: Well . . . *looking around* ok! Once when me and Chris were training,
I was lifting weights and I asked Chris to spot me. He walked over to the
bar to spot me and it was right there in my face. It's not huge but it's
differently not a noodle.

Mihoshi: I knew it! I bet Tenchi has a nice package too.

Ayeka: That's right. We spent this whole time just talking about Chris,
never once did anyone mention Tenchi.

Ryoko: Weird isn't it? Before Chris arrived, all we ever thought about was
Tenchi.

Keisho: Who's Tenchi?

(The girls start telling Keisho about Tenchi. As they do, Chris arrives back
with Tenchi now with him.)

Chris: Now look at this Tenchi. A collection of girls talking.

Tenchi: About us no doubt.

Ryoko: Wouldn't you like to know. Now if you don't mind I have some work to
get back too.

Chris/Tenchi: Work?

Keisho: So what happened Chris?

Chris: I dealt with him in a civil manner and we reached an agreement. He
won't be bothering you anymore.

Keisho: You're not going to tell me the truth are you?

Chris: Not a word of it.

(Chris gives Keisho a ride home. When he arrives back, everyone is in the
living room. Chris looks in and Ayeka has a mic and is singing. Chris walks
in as she finishes.)

Chris: Well what do we have here?

Washu: It's what I have been working on today. A karaoke machine. There is
nothing to do in this house as it is. I figured a little fun wouldn't hurt.

Chris: Cool . . . I think.

Sasami: Are you going to sing a song Chris?

Chris: *laughing* You're joking, right? Me sing? I don't think so.

Ryoko: Come on Chris. I tell you what, I'll sing a song then you. Ok do we
have a deal?

Chris: Ryoko sing? I've got to hear this. You have a deal.

Sasami: Yeah! This will be fun.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow, meow!

Chris: Hey, shut up! I can to sing.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow.

Chris: You want me to flush you down the toilet?

(Ryoko gets up and sings a song. Everyone cheers for her as she finishes.
Finally its Chris' turn. Chris gets up to walk away but they push him up in
front. Chris grabs the mic and picks a song.)

{Genesis: "No Son of Mine"}

Chris: Well the key to my survival
was never in much doubt
the question was how I could keep sane
trying to find a way out

Things were never easy for me
peace of mind was hard to fin
and I needed a place where I could hide
somewhere I could call mine

I didn't think much about it
til it started happening all the time
soon I was living with the fear everyday
of what might happen that night

I couldn't stand to hear the
crying of my mother and I remember when
Ii swore that, that would be the
Last they'd see of me
And I never went home again

they say that time is a healer
and now my wounds are not the same
I rang the bell with my heart in my mouth
I had to hear what he'd say

He sat me down to talk to me
he looked me straight in the eyes

he said:
You're no son, you're no son of mine
You're no son, you're no son of mine
You walked out, you left us behind
and you're no son, no son of mine

oh, his words how they hurt me, I'll never forget it
and as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it

You're no son, you're no son of mine
but where should I go,
and what should I do
you're no son, you're no son of mine
but I came here for help, oh I came here for you

Well the years they passed so slowly
I thought about him everyday
what would I do, if we passed on the street
would I keep running away

in and out of hiding places
soon I'd have to face the facts
we'd have to sit down and talk it over
and that would mean going back

they say that time is a healer
and now my wounds are not the same
I rang that bell with my heart in my mouth
I had to hear what he'd say

He sat me down to talk to me
he looked me straight in the eyes

he said:

You're no son, you're no son of mine
You're no son, you're no son of mine
When you walked out, you left us behind
and you're no son, you're no son of mine

oh, his words how they hurt me, I'll never forget it
and as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it

You're no son, you're no son of mine
But where should I go and what should I do
You're no son, you're no son of mine
But I came here for help, oh I was looking for you
You're no son, you're no son of mine - oh
You're no son - ha yeah, ha yeah, ha yeah, ha yeah
You're no son, you're no son of mine - oh, oh...

(As Chris starts to finish, Ryoko gets up and hurries to Chris' room.
Everyone stops what they are doing and looks at her as she leaves. Chris
tosses the mic to Tenchi and follows Ryoko.)

Chris: Tenchi, continue for me. I'll go see what's wrong.

(Tenchi goes to follow Chris but Washu stops him.)

Washu: Let him handle this. It must have been something Chris said any ways.
Lets just keep having fun and not worry about them. They'll be just fine.

Sasami: Yeah Tenchi, sing a song.

Ayeka: Yes Tenchi. Please.

Tenchi: Ok but just one.

(Tenchi gets up and picks his song. Meanwhile, Chris finds Ryoko sitting on
his bed softly crying. Chris sits down next to her.)

Chris: Hey, what's bothering you? Sorry if it's something I said. It was
just a song.

Ryoko: It's nothing. Just go back and join the others. Don't let me ruin
your fun.

Chris: No. Ryoko I won't be able to enjoy myself when I know there is
something bothering you. If you're not going to tell me what it is then I'll
just sit here by you and just let you lean into my shoulder.

Ryoko: Thank you Chris.

(Ryoko lays her head on Chris' shoulder. Chris just leans over onto her.
Ryoko looks up to Chris.)

Chris: Do you remember what I told you about crying?

Ryoko: Yes. . .

(Chris leans in to wipe away a tear. Ryoko closes her eyes and softly kisses
Chris. Chris is taken by surprise when Ryoko leans into him, applying more
pressure, and falls back on the bed. Ryoko lays on top of Chris as they
kiss. She starts to remove Chris' shirt, but he stops her.)

Chris: Ryoko I don't think we should do this.

Ryoko: Please Chris, don't think. Just do.

(Ryoko removes his shirt and pants. She lays her head on his bare chest and
listens to his heart beat. Chris puts his hand on her head and kisses her on
the forehead. Ryoko sits up and removes her dress. They lay on each other
kissing in just their underwear.)

Ryoko: Chris I must confuse, I've been waiting for this moment for a long
time.

Chris: Me too Ryoko. Me too.

(Ryoko removes her bra and tosses it on the pile of clothes on the floor.
Ryoko takes Chris' hands and places them on her breast. Chris gently
massages them and cups them in his hands. Ryoko lets out a soft moan in
agreement. She lays down on Chris, pushing her breast into his face. She
arches her back while Chris takes them in his mouth. He licks and sucks on
them, playing with her nipples. After a few minutes of this and kissing,
Chris grabs Ryoko by the waist and lifts her up, so to place her panties in
his face.)

Chris: I'll only continue if you want me to Ryoko.

Ryoko: Oh please continue Chris. I don't want it to ever end.

(As she says that, Chris removes her panties reveling Ryoko's womanhood.
Ryoko leans her hips into him moving her mound into Chris' face. He takes
the hint and starts licking it up and down. Ryoko lets out a gasp as the
sensation shakes her entire body. Chris picks up speed and starts to nibble
on her slowly. Ryoko starts to breath heavy and moans lightly. Finally,
Ryoko cannot stand any more and releases herself on Chris. She lays back on
Chris and lays her head on his chest. Chris cleans off his face and around
his mouth.)

Ryoko: *breathing heavy* That was simply incredible. Chris, I want to prove
my love for you. Please let me. Only not to a super-saiyan.

Chris: Do as you wish. I eagerly await.

(Chris powers down to his normal state. The first since he reached the level
of super-saiyan. Ryoko crawls back and removes his briefs. She holds his
wholeness in her hands and looks it over. Once she has thrown the briefs
onto the floor with the rest of the clothes, she crawls back up to his chest
and looks at him lovingly.)

Ryoko: I'm giving you my body to show how much I love you.

Chris: Ryoko, I love you too, but I don't think we are ready for this.
Search your heart and find if you truly do love me.

Ryoko: Or Tenchi? Is that what you were going to say? Chris let me prove my
love. Please.

Chris: If it means that much to you.

(Ryoko kisses him passionately on the lips. She takes him in her hands once
more and guides him into her. As he slowly enters her, they both let out
moans. Then Chris hits her protective wall.)

Ryoko: Chris make me a woman.

Chris: You still haven't given yourself to anyone?

Ryoko: I have been waiting for the one I truly love. That is you.

Chris: A few days ago it would have been Tenchi. I'm sorry Ryoko but I
cannot do it. I cannot stand to see you in the pain it will cause you. I
hope you understand. Lets not ruin the moment though, lets just lay right
here and sleep.

Ryoko: Chris! Please, I beg of you. Understand me when I say you are the one
I love. Not Tenchi.

Chris: You are lying. You still love Tenchi and I know it. Please Ryoko, let
us not ruin this which we have together by fighting. Lets at lest sleep here
together.

(Ryoko lifts her hips off Chris and rolls over. She lays her head on Chris'
chest and shuts her eyes. Chris kisses her on the forehead and lays back.)

Chris: Thank you Ryoko. I know it is hard on you and I am sorry for that.
But right now I feel you are confused and are not making clear decisions. I
just don't want to take advantage of you when your feelings are mixed up.

(Chris closes his eyes and falls asleep. After an unknown amount of time,
Chris is woken from his sleep by a strange sensation. He lets out a gasp. A
sudden, loud moan wakes Chris fully. He opens his eyes to see Ryoko on top
of him. He tries to move but his arms and legs are tied to the four
bedposts. Ryoko starts to push harder and harder. Chris can feel her almost
ready to break.)

Chris: Ryoko, what are you doing? *moans* Please stop.

Ryoko: I'm sorry Chris but I can't. I'm going to prove my love for you, even
if I must by force.

(Ryoko pushes in as hard as she can, causing Chris' manhood to break through
Ryoko's protective skin. She lets out a scream in pain. Blood starts to run
down her legs and onto Chris' lower body. Ryoko regains herself and starts
her motion in and out on Chris.)

Chris: Ryoko why did you do it? It wasn't mine to take.

Ryoko: It has been yours since the day we first met. You just never realized
it.

(Ryoko increases the speed and starts sliding back and forth, faster and
faster. Her and Chris start to moan heavily. Their tails wrap around each
other as their love making starts to reach it's climax.)

Ryoko: Chris, I'm about to give you my everything. I can't last much *moans
deeply* much longer.

Chris: Please Ryoko, I'm about to . . . *ugh* . . . about to. . .

(Before Chris can finish what he wants to say, him and Ryoko climaxes
together. Their love mixes with the blood over their legs. Ryoko falls on
Chris and lays her head on his shoulder. They are too weak to do anything
but sleep. The next morning everything is as normal. Sasami is in the
kitchen cooking breakfast.)

Sasami: Tenchi, can you call Chris for breakfast?

Tenchi: Ok, I hope he's alright. I wonder what it was that was bothering
Ryoko last night.

(Tenchi heads down the hall towards Chris' rom. As he opens the door, Washu
grabs his arm.)

Washu: Tenchi, no!

(Washu is too late. Tenchi steps into the room and sees the naked body of
Ryoko on top of Chris. Washu walks in behind him.)

Washu: Ryoko, why did you do it? You should have waited.

Tenchi: What in the world happened in here?

Washu: Tenchi, help me untie Chris. But try not to wake them.

Tenchi: Me? Oh no, I'm leaving.

Washu: Tenchi do as I say and untie Chris' legs. I want to do this before he
wakes up.

(Tenchi hesitates but helps Washu none the less. While he's untiing Chris'
feet, he looks over to the blood mixture.)

Tenchi: Why is there so much blood?

Washu: Tenchi there is something I think you should know. Ryoko was a
virgin. As for as I can tell, Chris found out and must have stopped whatever
it was he was doing with Ryoko. Then Ryoko tied him up and took him. Maybe
Chris just didn't want to cause her the pain.

(As they are untiing Chris, Ayeka walks in. Tenchi is able to stop her
before she can scream.)

Ayeka: Oh my! Oh my! Oh my!

Washu: Calm down Ayeka. You've never seen naked bodies before?

Ayeka: Not like that I haven't!

Tenchi: Calm down Lady Ayeka before you wake them up.

Washu: Come on, everyone outside.

(They all exit the room and leave Chris and Ryoko alone to sleep. Minutes
later Chris wakes up. He looks up at Ryoko. He smiles and kisses her lightly
on the lips. He then remembers what happened and looks down to see he's
still inside her. Chris goes to extract it from her but Ryoko starts to
stir. Chris lays down and goes back to sleep. Ryoko wakes up and looks at
Chris. She holds him tight to her. She slowly gets off him. As she does, she
lets out a slight moan. She grabs her cloths and start to leave. Before she
does she turns back and kisses Chris once more on the lips.)