(Late evening at the Misaki home. Katsuhito is at the shrine meditating.
Nobuyuki is at work, Ryo-Ohki and Sasami are cleaning up, Washu is in her
lab watching Chris. Ryoko and Ayeka pace back and forth on the walkway
leading from the bus stop to Tenchi's home. Waiting for him to get home from
school. Not far from then is that mysteries figure. He watches on as the
girls worry over Tenchi. He turns around and we see Tenchi hanging from a
tree by his arms. A look of terror covers his face.)

Stranger: Well Tenchi, looks like you might just get to live a little
longer. I just found a use for you. This time, Chris won't run from me. And
you will help me.

(Tenchi tries to kick his feet. The stranger walks up to him and looks at
Tenchi trying to say something. He grabs the tape over Tenchi's mouth and
rips it off. Tenchi yells in pain. The girls hear it and run off the
walkway.)

Tenchi: I'll never help you to hurt Chris or anyone else!

(Just after Tenchi says that Ryoko and Ayeka show up. A gasp escape their
lips as they see Tenchi hanging from the tree helpless. They don't bother to
notice the stranger.)

Ryoko: Tenchi? Don't worry I'll have you down in a minute.

(Tenchi tries to warn her but Ryoko leaps to free Tenchi. Before she can the
stranger slams into Ryoko knocking her into a tree.)

Stranger: Not today lady. He has more use to me.

Ayeka: By order of the first princess of Juria, I insist that you let Lord
Tenchi go this very second!

Stranger: I tell you want. How about you go get me Chris, then you can have
Tenchi. Deal?

Ayeka: What do you want with Chris?

Stranger: Let's just say, me and him have some catching up to do. Now do we
have a deal or not?

Ryoko: Chris is not here! So you might as well just leave!

Stranger: Now why do you want to lie to me like that? I can sense him. He's
not far away. I would go get him myself but he would just run and we would
have to start this all over again.

Ayeka: Ryoko lets just go get Chris and let them sort this out.

Ryoko: No! I can handle this clown! He just got a lucky shot on me. That
all.

(Ryoko gets ready to attack. The stranger instead, grabs Tenchi and jumps
into the air. Ryoko and Ayeka are left looking. Then the sound of Tenchi
screaming in pain echos out again. Ryoko and Ayeka follow the noise. They
soon see Tenchi laying on the ground in a giant opening, bleeding. Then from
the trees walks out the stranger. He's a tall 7'2" 345 pound man. Ayeka gets
Tenchi to safety as Ryoko gets ready to attack again.)

Ryoko: I will make you pay for the pain you have caused Tenchi.

Stranger: If you ever get the chance. All I want is Chris. Deliver him to me
save yourself much pain.

Ryoko: I'm not giving up anyone to a monster like you!

Stranger: Monster? Well I prefer devil, demon, satin, but monster is good
too.

(Ryoko charges to attack but the stranger moves out of the way and Back
Kicks Ryoko away. He stands up straight to where you can get a good lucky at
his size. Ryoko gets up and brushes off the dirt. She charges again and once
again the stranger moves out of the way. But this time Ryoko teleports
behind him. She tries to attack him from behind him but the stranger is able
to grab Ryoko's hand and throw her in front of him. He punches her in the
gut and throws her to Ayeka and Tenchi. Back at the lab, Chris' heart
monitor and blood pressure are going out of the roof. Chris is fighting to
regain consciousness. Washu, not knowing what is going on outside the lab,
starts injecting medicines into the hyperbolic chamber to calm Chris down.
Chris soon falls back to sleep. Back at the battle field, Ryoko gets ready
for round 2.)

Stranger: When will you realize that this is a waste of energy and time.
With as weak as you are, you should try to fight senior citizens or beating
up children.

Ryoko: Just keep talking. You'll get yours in the end.

Ayeka: What are you doing Ryoko? You can't beat him! Stop it before you get
yourself killed.

Ryoko: I know what I am doing Ayeka. You just watch and see.

Stranger: Oh really? Well if you are so sure of yourself then why don't you
charge again?

(Ryoko smiles and charges at him again. The stranger side steps Ryoko and
knees her in the gut. He throws her over his knee onto the ground.)

Stranger: Well looks like your little plan isn't working as you hoped. But I
must say you are quite fun to toy with.

(Ryoko slowly gets up to her feet again. Back at the lab Chris' heart rate,
blood pressure, and health returns to normal. Washu smiles and starts to
shut down the hyperbolic chamber.)

Washu: Well your fully healed now Chris. Time to wake you up.

(Washu injects another gas into the hyperbolic chamber and soon Chris' eyes
shot open. Washu starts to open the hyperbolic chamber but Chris punches the
lid off the chamber. He jumps out and heads out of the lab.)

Washu: Well he was in a rush. I wonder what's going on?

(Back at the battle field, Ryoko stands up, bleeding from face and nose. She
tries to attack the stranger again but she's so tired he just grabs her and
throws he into a tree. She tries to get up but falls back on her ass.)

Ryoko: *to herself* Chris where are you?

Stranger: As fun as this is Ryoko, I grow tired of it. Time to end our
little game.

(The stranger starts to power-up an energy blast. Ryoko stands up and leans
against the tree. She looks straight at the energy blast. The stranger
starts to laugh as he fires the blast. The blast races to Ryoko. A giant
flash of white overs the air. As the smoke clears, Ryoko is standing
undamaged.)

Stranger: What? This isn't possible! You should have died.

Chris: Looks like I canceled your plans Genesis.

(The stranger turns around to see Chris standing behind him. Chris had
blocked the blast fired at Ryoko.)

Genesis: Ah Chris. I was wondering how long it would take for you to get
here. I thought for sure you would have ran away with your tail tucked
between your legs.

Chris: Lots have changed sense then. Including me. Now that you have
finished attacked women and opponents that are less powerful then you, are
you ready to face a real challenge?

Genesis: Ah yes I was getting bored of them anyway.

(Chris gets ready to fight. Genesis laughs and gets ready too. Ryoko regains
her balance and runs over to Chris.)

Ryoko: Chris you can't fight him. Lets just leave and avoid this.

Chris: It's ok Ryoko. I'm here now. Let me handle this. I'm not running from
my demons anymore. I'm going to face them head on. Now get Ayeka and Tenchi
to Washu's lab. Make sure Sasami and Mihoshi get in there too.

(Ryoko doesn't move. Chris turns to her and grabs her.)

Chris: NOW!!!

(Chris releases Ryoko and she goes over to Tenchi and Ayeka. Ryoko and Ayeka
help Tenchi back to the house. Chris turns to Genesis but Genesis has
already charged Chris. Genesis nails a right to the jaw then sends Chris
back. Chris gets back to stance and whips the blood from his mouth. He
signals for Genesis to come at him again.)

Genesis: Ready for more I see.

(Genesis starts to attack Chris but Chris jumps into the air and teleports
behind Genesis. He starts nailing Genesis in the back with energy blast.
Chris fires a large blast straight into Genesis' back. Genesis grabs Chris'
hand as Chris tries for another. Genesis spins him around and grabs his
throat. Chris looks into Genesis' cold eyes. Genesis just smiles and starts
to laugh. But once Chris smiles Genesis stops laughing. Chris discharges a
powerful blast into Genesis' stomach. Genesis is sent flying back into
woods. Chris falls to the ground gasping for air. Back at Washu's lab, the
gang enters to see Washu watching the fight on a screen.)

Ryoko: What's going on?

Washu: Chris is getting a few shots on Genesis but Genesis isn't being
effected too much. But it doesn't matter. They haven't even started to try.

Everyone but Washu: WHAT?

Washu: I have studied Chris for a long time now. He's power is much greater
then what he is showing Genesis. But Genesis also has yet to raise his power
level. I estimate they both are using only 30% of their true power.

Ryoko: He wasn't even trying against me? I used everything I had against
him!

Washu: No you didn't. You was not fully powerful. Once you get all of your
gems then maybe you could stand a chance against Genesis.

Tenchi: Look their fighting again.

(They all look at the screen as Genesis and Chris are exchanging blow for
blow with each other. Genesis blocks one of Chris' shots and follows through
with a knee to the gut that sends Chris to his knees. Chris back flips away
from Genesis and fires a blast at him. Genesis blocks it and fires one of
his own. Chris dodges out of the way and connects with a shot to Genesis'
face. Genesis falls to the ground and starts rolling. He slowly gets up.
Chris stands up straight as Genesis gets back to his feet.)

Genesis: Well I must admit you have increased your power from the last time
I meet you. But do you really think you can beat me? I haven't even begun to
try against you. I guess maybe I should show you my true power and end this
little hope of yours. Any chance you just had to beat me is about to
disappear.

Chris: You are so wrapped up in yourself you haven't even noticed I have
been holding back too. You can go ahead and power-up but it once make any
difference. I will just power-up and stomp you into the black hole you
crawled out of.

Genesis: Then in that case I suggest we lay all of our cards on the table
then. Deal?

Chris: Deal!

(They spread apart to the opposite ends of the opening and start to power-up
to their maximum. The intense energy created by Genesis and Chris creates a
giant electrical storm. The monitors in the lab start to static out. A very
frustrated Ryoko tries to find out what is going on.)

Ryoko: What's wrong with the screen? Where is the picture at?

Washu: I don't know, there is some type of disturbance.

Ryoko: I can't just sit around here and do nothing. I'm going out there.

Sasami: Ryoko, you can't! You might get hurt.

Ryoko: There are some things in life worth the risk.

Tenchi: I'm going with you.

Ayeka: Tenchi stay where it is safe.

Tenchi: If that monster defeats Chris then there won't be anywhere that
safe.

Ayeka: Then I'm going too.

Washu: None of you are going anywhere. Chris told you to stay in here and
here is where you shall stay. There is two of the most powerful fighters in
the universe out there. None of us could make a difference.

Ryoko: We'll never know if we don't try.

Washu: Don't be so stubborn Ryoko, let Chris handle this. That monster could
destroy you in a heartbeat if he wanted too.

Ryoko: I don't care. Chris is out there fighting for us and for the Earth.
We can't let him face this alone.

Tenchi: Ryoko is right. Washu you stay here with Sasami and Mihoshi. We have
to do this.

(They start to leave but Washu grabs Tenchi's arm. Tenchi turns to her.
Washu looks into Tenchi's eyes. She lets go of him. Ayeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko
leave the lab. Back at the battlefield, they have fully powered-up. Genesis
laughs and charges Chris. Chris blocks the attack but is knocked back far.
He regains his balance and turns to Genesis. They start to exchange blows
back in forth. Genesis gets the upper hand and grabs Chris' head. He slams
it into the ground then into a rock busting Chris' head open. He throws
Chris into the house. Chris bust through the wall. Chris gets up and charges
back out as the gang walks out to see the fight.)

Ayeka: I'm not sure if this is the best thing to do. Look at this. The house
is damaged and the power I feel is unmeasurable. It's simply incredible.

Tenchi: Yes but there is no turning back now. Everyone get ready for the
worse. But no doing anything until Chris needs the help.

(They run to the woods to take cover. They position themselves where they
can see the battle. Genesis and Chris lock up in the middle of the opening.
Genesis comes in with a knee to the stomach that sends Chris to his knees.
Genesis kicks Chris in the side. The impact sends Chris falling into a tree
near where Tenchi, Ayeka. and Ryoko stand. Genesis walks near Chris and
points his hand at him. Genesis powers up a blast. The hurt Chris can only
look up at his fate. As Genesis fires the energy blast at Chris, Ryoko dives
out from behind the woods and gets in the way of the blast. A giant
explosion is created. The smoke clears and Ryoko is shown standing in front
of Chris. She is burnt badly. She falls to her knees. Chris catches her as
she falls down the rest of the way. He looks over at Genesis.)

Genesis: Looks like the bitch just saved your life. Too bad her death will
be in vain.

Chris: You will pay for this Genesis.

Genesis: That bitch said the same thing to me. Well I tell you what. Bury
her blacken ass in the ground and lets get back to out little fight.

(Chris lays Ryoko against the tree. He stands up. Hair falls over his pained
and bloody face. A strange golden ora starts to generate from Chris. He
looks at Genesis and his face is raged. He starts to power-up once more. The
golden ora gets brighter and brighter. Soon Chris' hair starts to flash and
change from brown to gold. His eyes go from green to blue. Electricity
starts shooting out everywhere. Chris fully powers up in his new form. A
giant explosion is created by the inmence power. The explosion sends Genesis
reeling back.)

Genesis: What is this? What are you doing?

Chris: You have pushed me too far Genesis. It is time for me to put you in
your place! This time you will die Genesis!

Genesis: Bring it!

(Chris charges Genesis. Genesis tries to block but Chris is too powerful for
him. Chris starts to nail Genesis with a series of rapid fire punches. He
finishes it with a spinning heel kick to the jaw of Genesis. Genesis is sent
to the ground. Chris jumps into the air and fires a blast at Genesis.
Genesis is just able to deflect it at the last moment. Chris vanishes and
reappears behind Genesis. Chris punches Genesis hard into the lower back.
Genesis spits out blood as he screams in pain. He spins around to Chris but
Chris nails him with a back flip kick to the face. Chris lands on his feet
and charges in again. He spears Genesis and rams him into a rock. The rock
breaks into pieces and Chris keeps charging Genesis farther and farther.
Genesis recovers and grabs Chris by his waist. He flips Chris over him and
nails him with a hammer blow to the back of the neck. Chris falls by doesn't
stay down for long.)

Genesis: There is no way your power could have increased this much. No way
dammit!

Chris: This is your doing Genesis. You brought this upon yourself. I am just
your evil ways catching up with you.

Genesis: You are just a bug that needs to be crushed. Yes a little
cockroach. Well I have just the thing. If I can't get rid of you then I will
destroy your home. Once again I win.

(Genesis flies up into the air and gets into position. He starts to power-up
for his most powerful shot.)

Genesis: I'm going to blow you and this entire planet up!

(Genesis fires his blast. As it speeds toward the Earth, Chris fires his own
blast at Genesis. The two beams hit in midair. Each fighter tries to outs
the other. Genesis starts to gain the upper hand but a pissed Chris uses
most of his remaining power into the blast. The beam shots up and breaks
past Genesis' blast. Genesis watches in horror as Chris' beam heads start
for him. It hits him and sends him out of the Earth's atmosphere. Chris
falls in pain and exhaustion. Ayeka and Tenchi run out to help. The golden
ora around Chris fades out and his golden hair returns to it's normal brown
color.)

Tenchi: Chris are you already? Can you hear me? Chris!

Ayeka: Oh my! Tenchi over here, it's Ryoko. She's barely breathing!

(The sun sets on this day. The Earth has been saved in what was an epic
battle. Now the war torn warriors rest. But for did that blast really defeat
the monster known as Genesis? Only time will tell. But for now our heros
will get the rest they so deserve. But many questions still go unanswered.
Who is Genesis? What did he want with Chris? How does Chris know him?)