(The next day everyone is at home resting still.  Chris has been placed in
his bed and the body of Genesis is stored deep within Washu’s lab.  On this
morning, Chris is back to his normal state of being.  He rolls over and
opens his eyes.  Much to his surprise, Ryoko is laying next to him.  Chris
puts his arm over her but thinks about what he is doing and removes it.  He
quietly crawls out of the bed and gets his bags.  He heads outside and
starts up the stairs to the road, but is stopped by Washu.)

Washu: Now where do you think you are going?  You just got back.

Chris: I don’t know who I ended up back here after yesterday, but I left
with good reason.  It will be too hard for me to say good-bye.

Washu: Then don’t!  I don’t understand why you want to leave.  You have a
great life here.  Ryoko loves you and you love here.

Chris: Washu please, I feel this is the right thing to do.  I’m not meant to
stay here.

Washu: Just stay for one more day.  You can spend it however you want.  One
more day though.  Then you can decide if you want to leave or not.

Chris: Washu you know that would be too hard. . .

Ryoko: There you are Chris.  I was worried that you left again.  I mean you
are not leaving again are you?

Washu: Oh course not.  Chris and I where just talking.

Ryoko: Great!  I have our entire day planned out.  Come on Chris.

(Ryoko grabs Chris’ arm and drags him towards the trail leading to the lake.
  Washu picks up his bags and smiles as he is dragged off.)

Ryoko: I thought we would start with a walk to talk first.  It is a lovely
day for a walk.

Chris: Yes, Okayama is nice this time of the season.

Ryoko: Come on, I have breakfast ready for us.

Chris: Breakfast?

(Ryoko leads Chris into the opening where the holiday lights and sound
system is hooked up.  Chris looks around to see the table set up again and
breakfast for two ready.  Ryoko leads him to his seat and takes her place
across from him.)

Chris: De ja vou.

Ryoko: Huh?

Chris: Nothing, I don’t suppose you have music ready too, do you?

Ryoko: Sort of, but not yet.  Now lets just enjoy our breakfast together.

(They dine on the breakfast.  Once finished, Ryoko takes Chris and leads him
back home.  At the door they find a note.)

        -Ryoko and Chris:
The group and I decided to hit town today and let you two enjoy yourselves.
We’ll be back by lunch time.  Behave yourself while we are gone.

Washu.

Ryoko: Looks like it is just you and me.

Chris: *gulp* Looks that way.  So what’s next on your to do list?

Ryoko: You, but I’ll get to that later.  Now it’s time for something to eat.

Chris: We just had breakfast!

(They walk inside and Chris finds a giant sampler’s pack of ice cream in the
hall.  Ryoko opens it and hands him a spoon.)

Ryoko: I figured since you never had ice cream before, that you should try
all the flavors.

Chris: Wow, I don’t know what to say.

Ryoko: Then just shut up and eat.

(Ryoko shoves a spoonful of ice cream into Chris’ mouth.  They play around
for a while and finish the ice cream.  Chris walks into the living room and
flops down on the couch.  Ryoko follows and takes a seat in his lap.  Chris
looks over to the karaoke machine.)

Chris: All of a sudden i feel like singing.  I’ll be right back.

Ryoko: Ok but don’t go too far.

(Chris picks his song and puts it on delay.  Ryoko sets herself on the couch
ready for a show.  Soon the piano solo of “Old Time Rock ‘n’ Roll” picks up.
  Chris comes sliding in with a broom in only his boxers.  He starts playing
the broom as if it was a guitar to the music.  Ryoko laughs with glee at the
sight.  Chris pulls her up and starts to dance with her.  Minutes later,
Washu and the rest entire the house.)

Tenchi: Hope they don’t mind we got home early.

Ayeka: I’m sure they won’t care.  Where’s that music coming from?

(They walk into the living room to see Ryoko dancing swing with Chris, who
is still only in his boxers.  Chris sees then and turns off the music.)

Washu: Glad we decided against stopping for gas.  I would hate to think what
we would have walking in on then.

Sasami: You look funny dancing in your underwear Chris.

(Ayeka covers Sasami’s eyes as Chris and Ryoko rush to his room.  Ryoko
falls onto the bed laughing.  Chris jumps on her and pins her down.)

Chris: Oh so you think that was funny huh?

Ryoko: *laughing* Yes.  I especially loved the look on Ayeka’s face.  You
know her and Mihoshi have been bugging me to find out what you look like.

Chris: Oh really?  Maybe I should give them a special showing.

Ryoko: You do and I’ll be the one kicking your ass.

(Ryoko rolls Chris over and pins him down.  She kisses him and laughing.)

Chris: Now what’s so funny?

Ryoko: Today has been wonderful.  But I know tomorrow with just be painful.

Chris: Oh and how do you know that?

Ryoko: *coldly* I know you plan to leave after today.  You was going to
leave today but Washu stopped you.  But we can’t hold you here forever.

Chris: *hurt* I forgot about that.  I was hoping you wouldn’t find out until
I was gone.

Ryoko: Well if you are going to leave you might as well do it now.  Before
we hurt each other more then we have too.

Chris: I guess so.  I do hope you understand why I have to leave.

Ryoko: To tell the truth, I don’t.  But Chris before you leave can you do me
one favor.

Chris: Anything.

Ryoko: Kiss me.

(Ryoko closes her eyes as Chris leans in and kisses her passionately.  He
gets up and grabs his stuff.  Ryoko lays on the bed and watches as he leaves
the room.  Chris exits out of the house and starts up the stairs.  He
reaches the top of the stairs but the ground starts to sink and Chris is
once again pulled in.  He closes his eyes.  When he reopens them he finds
Lady Tokimi before him.)

Tokimi: I have one mission left for you Chris.  One final job.

Chris: What is it now?

Tokimi: I have witnessed a giant power.  I wish for you to guard it and make
sure it grows.  Do this for me and you will be free.

(Chris closes his eyes and bows in agreement.  Days later and life is back
to before Chris arrived in Okayama.  Today, Tenchi is busy cleaning the
shrine.  In the distance, a figure walks the steps to the shrine.  He wears
all black and hides his face in a mask of long brown hair.  Tenchi turns to
get the bucket of soap water.  The stranger draws out a long, curved blade
from behind him.  Tenchi sees the figure and drops the broom in shock.)

The End.

[Disclaimer: Jerrod Darson does not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters.
AIC and Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo and all rights to them.  Chris Storm is a
trademark figure of WWA wrestling and owns all rights to such.  Don’t sue me
for using them or because you believe something is similar to something you
created.  I just thought this stuff up off the top of my head.  If you sue
me all you will get for your troubles are my bills.  Thank you.]
