[Buzzzzz.....]

(The sounds of an alarm ring out. A still half asleep Storm rolls over and
turns it off. He sits up and looks at the time. [4:30 AM] He throws it on
the floor and lays back down. He lays back down to go back to sleep. As that
is happening Sasami is already cooking breakfast for everyone.)

Sasami: Tenchi can you go wake up Chris. I don't want him to miss breakfast.

Tenchi: Yeah he has to help me in the field today.

Sasami: Thanks.

(She goes back to cooking as Tenchi walks over to what use to be his storage
room. He opens the door to see Chris laying in his bed trying to sleep.)

Tenchi: Chris time to get up. There’s work to be done. You don't want to
miss breakfast do you?

Chris: *Still half asleep* You wake me up at 4:30 again and I will
reconsider killing! The morning doesn't start until 11!

Tenchi: Not around here it doesn't. Come on, if you want to stay here then
you will have to help with the work.

Chris: *whining* But I don't want to stay here!

(Chris finally gets up and walks to the kitchen. He slumps down on the floor
near the table and rest his head on it. Everyone gathers around the table
for breakfast.)

Ayeka: So how do you like living here so far Chris?

Chris: Two things. One, I'm not living here. I'm visiting here. And two,
it's only been 8 hours. Wait a day or two and then ask me again.

Mihoshi: So are you going to go to school with Tenchi?

Chris: What?

Sasami: Yeah you look the same age as Tenchi. It might be fun.

Chris: No. I never have been to school and I don't plan to ever go.

Ayeka: School is very important in a young person's life. I really think you
should go. We can enroll you this afternoon!

Chris: Ok I'm 2500 years old. I am not a young person. I managed that long
without school and I can last longer.

Tenchi: Well it's time to go work in the fields Chris. Come on I'll show
where everything is.

(Tenchi grabs Chris by the arm and drags him off to the tool shed. The girls
finish their breakfast and go outside to see Tenchi teaching Chris to work
the fields. Out at the fields Tenchi hands Chris a hoe and tells him to
start digging up the ground to plant new carrots for Ryo-Ohki. Chris looks
at him and throws down the hoe. He aims his arm at the ground and blast it
with an energy attack. The girls all duck for cover as the blast hits. Chris
smiles and looks at Tenchi who is covered in dirt now. Chris whips the dirt
off Tenchi's face and laughs.)

Tenchi: *Spits out a dust cloud* Ok how about from now on you use the hoe?

Chris: But that was so much more fun. Plus it cut the time down but hours.

Tenchi: Yeah but you almost killed the girls that was watching us.

(Chris looks around and sees the girls over by the clearing covered in dirt
too. Chris starts laughing even harder now.)

Chris: Oops, sorry. I didn't know they was there. I'll be more careful next
time. So what’s next?

Tenchi: School.

Chris: *laughing* You aren't getting me to school. Remember. I think I will
go check out that training room Washu is building for me.

Tenchi: Ok but please, try to stay out of trouble.

(Tenchi goes back to the house to change for school. Chris looks back over
at the angry girls. He laughs and jumps off and flies over the woods back to
the house. Everyone stands amazed. Chris lands near the house and walks over
to the side where Washu had been working on his training room.)

Chris: Hey Washu, how is the training room coming along?

Washu: Finished.

Chris: Already? But it's only been a few hours!

Washu: It's nothing for the universe's greatest genius!

(Chris looks inside the room to see weights, punching bags, and everything
else you could need inside the room. Chris walks in slowly, still amazed.
Washu follows.)

Chris: So it has everything I could need? Everything I asked for?

Washu: Yeap. Even has the gravity machine you asked for. Can go up to 250
times normal gravity. But you will want to start off slow.

Chris: Don't worry, I know what I am doing.

(Chris pushes a button and the machine turns on. Soon the gravity is at 10
times Earth's normal gravity. Both Washu and Chris are trying to stand up in
the intense gravity. Washu manages to get over to the machine and turn it
off.)

Washu: You know what you are doing huh? Just try not to kill yourself ok? Oh
and don't forget that once you finish in here to come to my lab so I can see
how your body reacts to the training.

Chris: Yeah, yeah what ever. Now to see what this baby really can do!

(Washu shakes her head as she walks out of the room. She can hear the
machine being turned back on as he walks back to the house. Far away at
school, Tenchi sits under a tree getting ready to eat the lunch Sasami made
for him.)

Tenchi: I wonder how Chris is doing? I hope he hasn't blown up anything
else. He's more trouble then Ryoko it seems. *laughing* Yeah like two peas
in a pod.

(Back at the house Chris is finished with his training for the day and walks
out of the training room. He's about to walk to Washu's lab when he is
stopped by Ayeka.)

Ayeka: Uh Chris, there is something you might want to know about Washu
before going into her lab. What I mean to saw is. . .

Chris: Look Ayeka I think I can handle it whatever it is. I mean it can't be
that bad.

Ayeka: Yes Chris but. . .

(Chris walks right past her and opens the door to Washu's lab. As soon as he
enters the door slams behind him. He looks behind him to see the door has
vanished. Giant arms grab him and lift him into the air removing all but his
boxers. Soon Washu walks up to him.)

Washu: Ready to begin the experiments?

Chris: Huh, Washu, I thought you was just going to run a few test.

Washu: I am. In good time. But I need to make sure your in top shape don't
I? You Saiyans certainly are a well built breed aren't you?

(Just before Washu can do anything, the space door reappears and Sasami
enters the lab. Washu sees Sasami and frees Chris. He falls to his knees and
reaches for his cloths.)

Sasami: Washu it's dinner time. *She sees Chris* Oh Chris, I didn't know you
was in here. It's dinner time.

(Chris hurries up and follows Sasami out of the door before it vanishes. A
defeated Washu kicks the ground and pushes a button. The giant arms go back
to where they came from. Washu exits to get something to eat.)

(As everyone sits around the table for dinner, Ayeka looks over at Chris.)

Ayeka: Chris, did Sasami get you for dinner?

Chris: Yes Ayeka and thank you.

Ayeka: Your very welcomed.

Washu: Hmpf!

Nobuyuki: So Chris, now that you have lived here for a day, you think you
might want to stay for good?

Chris: Oh no, I'm not planning to be a permit guest of the house. This is
just until I can think of where to go next. I'm not staying for more then
one to two months when I know for sure if there will be another hit on
Tenchi or myself.

Nobuyuki: But we could use another man around the house. The women are
starting to out number us.

Chris: You don't have to worry about that for too much longer. I mean if you
look at it, everyone here is just a guest. *gets up* Soon Ayeka will have to
go back to Jurai one day. . .

(Chris walks over between Ayeka and Sasami.)

Ayeka: Well that won't happen for a good long time. I don't wish to think
about it until the day comes.

Chris: Yes but it will come. Sasami here will have to go with her sister of
course. *moves to Ryoko* Ryoko made many enemies and the same thing that
drove her here will drive her out. . .

(Chris moves between Ryoko and Washu.)

Ryoko: That won't happen. I'm staying here to be with Tenchi forever.

Chris: I bet you said the same thing before somewhere else. Now Washu will
one day walk into the lab and will not return. We all know it. Science is
the most important thing to her. *moves to Mihoshi* Mihoshi will have to
return to GP headquarters or be reassigned to another area of space. . .

(Moves between Katsuhito and Tenchi.)

Mihoshi: Well I. . . I really don't think that will happen anytime soon.

Chris: Now Tenchi will once day go to college and leave Okayama behind. It's
all just a matter of time.

Nobuyuki: Well he still has a few years of school left before college.

Chris: Well my point is that I'm not going to stay forever. None of us will.

Sasami: You mean you don't like it here?

Chris: No, no I do it's just I've never stayed anywhere for two long. I'm
just going to stay until I'm sure Tenchi and everyone else here is safe.

Nobuyuki: Well enough with this sad business. Chris what are your plans for
tomorrow?

Chris: I was thinking of going to town tomorrow and taking in the local
culture.

Ryoko: And check out the local bars too, I'm sure.

(Chris stares at Ryoko as everyone finishes their dinner. After dinner they
all break into their little groups. Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi go to watch tv
as Mihoshi and Sasami finish the dishes. Washu returns to her lab and Chris
to his room for the night's sleep.)