(It's been a few weeks since Chris has arrived in Okayama and life has
gotten back to normal. Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting over Tenchi, Washu is in
her lab, Sasami is cleaning the house, and Mihoshi is sleeping. In the
background echos the explosions of Chris' training. On this day, Tenchi and
Chris are busy working in the field. As they start on their ways, Tenchi to
school, and Chris to train, Chris is walking back to the house. He passes by
Ryoko, who stops him to talk.)

Ryoko: Chris, I was wondering, if it's not too much trouble, if I could
train with you today. So can I?

Chris: Well normally I like to train alone. I mean I train pretty extreme.
The gravity will be at 20 times normal.

Ryoko: I can handle it. I want to be stronger.

Chris: Well I guess it would be nice to practice with a partner. I could
work some live moves for once. Ok meet me at the training room. I need to
stop by the house and pick up a weapon to train with.

(Chris walks to the house as Ryoko watches on. As Chris enters the house
Ryoko remember about meeting him in the training room. She flies over to it.
Back in Chris' room, he opens the closet and looks over the choices of
weapons to choose from. He puts up a staff and twist it and spins it a
little. He smiles and heads to meet Ryoko.)

Ryoko: You won't go easy on me will you? I really want to train.

Chris: Don't worry. I will need to be training too so I won't cheat you
here. You might want to change first though. A dress normally isn't the
proper thing to wear to train.

Ryoko: Ok done.

(Ryoko instantly changes to her battle suit. She opens the door.)

Chris: Ok get on the floor.

Ryoko: Being a little forward aren't you? I normally get to know a guy
before we go this far.

Chris: I meant push-ups.

Ryoko: Push-ups? I thought you said you wasn't going easy on me!

Chris: Just start. It will get harder from here.

(Ryoko hesitancies but starts doing push-ups anyway. Chris turns on the
gravity machine to 20. The gravity in the room soon is 20 times Earth normal
gravity. The intense gravity soon makes the push-ups impossible for Ryoko.
As she struggles Chris just laughs.)

Chris: Hard enough for you?

Ryoko: Shut up.

(They continue their training until Washu comes to get Chris for his daily
physical. She walks in and sees an exhausted Ryoko laying on the ground.)

Washu: *laughing* Well I see your partner had a full workout. I guess the
training was just a little too much for her.

Chris: Yeah I guess. Well she told me not to go easy on her. I guess next
time maybe I should.

Washu: Maybe.

(They exit off leaving Ryoko to rest. Later that day, Chris walks to the
living room where Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Mihoshi are watching TV. They
all look at him.)

Tenchi: Going somewhere?

Chris: Yeah to town. I want to try out that new motorcycle I bought.

Ryoko: Admit it, your just looking for another reason to go to the bars.

Chris: Yeah I know. Anyone want to tag along?

Ryoko: Sure I'll go. It's been kind of boring around here anyway.

Chris: Anyone else?

Ayeka: I don't think there is enough room left on that little motorcycle for
anyone else.

Ryoko: What about you Tenchi? You want to come?

Tenchi: I'm not much of a drinker. Anyway I have school tomorrow.

Ryoko: Mihoshi?

Mihoshi: zzzz....

Ryoko: Well I guess it's just me and you, Chris.

Chris: *laughing* That just means trouble. Me, you, and liquor. Something is
going to blow up.

Tenchi: Please try to stay out of trouble guys. I don't want to turn on the
TV and see all of downtown Okayama in flames.

Ryoko: We'll try. But I can't promise you anything.

(Ryoko and Chris laugh as they head out to the bar. Tenchi shakes his head
and heads up to his room to finish his homework, much to the dismay of
Ayeka. Back at the bar, a giant crowd has gathered around one of the center
tables. There, Ryoko and Chris are engaged in a drinking contest. Empty
bottles line around the table. A waitress pours another shot of sake for
each. Chris looks at the sake in the glass and pushes it away. Ryoko
finishes her's then raises her hand in victory. As the contest ends the
crowd disperse.)

Chris: Come on Ryoko, time to go. I think we both have had enough to drink.
I have to drive us home you know.

Ryoko: *slurred* Ah come on Chris. Don't be such a party pooper. Have a
little fun for once in your life. All you do is wake-up, tend to the fields,
train, physicals, then sleep. It's such a shame. You have such a nice, cute,
little butt too.

Chris: Come on Ryoko. The liquor is getting to you now. Time to go home.

(Ryoko tries to fight Chris but he grabs her and helps her out of the bar.
Chris sets her against a light post as he finds the keys to his motorcycle.
Ryoko gets up unsteady and stubbles into the street. Just then a car turns
the corner toward Ryoko. Chris gets his keys and turns back to Ryoko. Out of
the corner of his eyes he can see the car about to hit Ryoko. Chris rushes
to her and spears the car away from her. Missing by just inches. The shock
of what just happens and sight of Chris laying motionless in a pool of blood
snaps Ryoko out of her drunken daze. She rushes to help Chris.)

Ryoko: Chris answer me. Chris! Someone help. Help dammit! Don't worry Chris,
I'll get you some help.

(Ryoko grabs Chris and starts to fly back to the Masaki residence just as
people start to come out of the buildings to see what is happening. Back at
Washu's lab, Washu is working on an experiment that has taken months of
researching and hard work. Just as she is about to mix two of the chemicals,
Ryoko bust in with the still motionless Chris in her arms. Washu is taken by
surprise and mixes too much of the chemicals causing a giant explosion.
Washu angrily turns to Ryoko but sees her holding Chris.)

Washu: Oh no. What happened?

Ryoko: I'm not sure. We was at the bar and Chris was saying something about
drinking too much. Then he helped me out of the bar. Next thing I remember
is seeing the headlights of a car in front of me. Then Chris diving in the
way of the car. I guess he must have hit the car away from me because I
remember seeing him laying on the ground motionless. Just laying there in a
pool of blood.

Washu: Well he looks fine here. Maybe a few minor injuries here and there.
Just put him over there and I'll take a look at him. I recommend that you
leave.

(Ryoko places Chris on the table and looks over him. Washu walks up behind
her in her nurses uniform.)

Washu: Ryoko, I strongly recommend that you leave. There is nothing you can
do here and you need your sleep.

Ryoko: I guess you're right. I just feel so bad. It's my fault he's in that
shape. I just wish there was more I could do for him.

Washu: Come back tomorrow and I'll have more information on his condition.

(Ryoko leaves the lab. Washu turns to Chris and looks at him laying helpless
on the table. She removes his shirt and sees a huge bruise over his right
shoulder. There are multiple cuts and scraps over his ribs. Washu leans in
close and puts her lips to his ear.)

Washu: Thank you for protecting her Chris.

(The next day, before anyone has woken up, Ryoko is pacing back and forth
outside Washu's lab. She seems lost in thought. Moments later the door
slowly opens. Ryoko jumps and looks. It's Washu, still in her nurse's
uniform. She's holding a clipboard and looks emotionless. She turns around
and starts walking back into the lab. Ryoko follows close behind. Washu
looks down on her chart as she walks.)

Ryoko: Well how is he? Where is he at? What's his condition?

Washu: Chris is ok now. He hasn't gained conscious yet. Upon observation, I
noted a bruise on the right shoulder, with multiple cuts and scratches
ranging from the lower abdominal muscles to the rib cages. I have concluded
that the blood lost results from this and from bleeding of the naval cavity
and mouth. Really, he is a very lucky man. If it had not been for his
adamantium bones he would have been seriously hurt. Right now he is resting
in the hyperbolic chamber.

(Washu walks Ryoko to the hyperbolic chamber where Chris rest. Ryoko shivers
as the sight of Chris in the chamber reminds her of a lifeless body in a
coffin. Ryoko touches the glass over Chris' face. Her train of though is
thrown off as Tenchi enters the lab.)

Tenchi: Ryoko, Washu, time for breakfast.

Washu: Great I could use a break. Ryoko are you coming?

Ryoko: What? And leave Chris? He's injured and you are just going to leave
him alone to get breakfast?

Washu: He's not going anywhere. Ryoko, there is nothing else we can do for
him. It's just a matter of time now.

Tenchi: Come on Ryoko, I'll let you sit by me this morning. Then after
breakfast we can have a walk together and talk.

Ryoko: As much as I would love to Tenchi, I am going to stay here and watch
Chris. Make sure he doesn't get worse. But Tenchi...

Tenchi: Yes?

Ryoko: Don't go giving away that walk to anyone else ok.

Tenchi: Ok. I won't.

(Tenchi and Washu leave for breakfast as Ryoko grabs a chair and sets it up
next to the hyperbolic chamber. After breakfast as Sasami and Ayeka are
cleaning off the table, Tenchi approaches Washu.)

Tenchi: Washu can I talk to you for a second. Privately.

(Tenchi opens the back door and walks toward the trail to the shrine. He
stops half way and turns around to Washu, close behind.)

Washu: What was it you wanted to talk about Tenchi?

Tenchi: Well it's about Ryoko. I'm worried about her. She is really
depressed about Chris' injury. I can't believe she turned down a walk with
me to sit with him. I hope she isn't hurt too bad.

Washu: Tenchi, she is just grief struck right now. She blames herself for
it. For what has happened to Chris. But it wasn't her fault. She would know
that.

Tenchi: It has to be that micro-chip installed into his brain that made him
do it.

Washu: Oh really? Is that what you think? Let me ask you this Tenchi, if it
had been you, would you have jumped in front of that car to protect Ryoko?

Tenchi: Well I never really thought about it. Well yes, I'm sure I would
have. Any guy would. But still, that chip.

Washu: Tenchi let me tell you something. I removed that chip when Chris
first started showing up for physicals. What he did was on his own.

(Tenchi stands stunned. Washu turns around and heads back inside. Washu
walks to the lab to see Ryoko watching over Chris.)

Washu: You can go Ryoko, I'll watch Chris for now. I think you should go
have that talk with Tenchi now.

Ryoko: Ok thanks. If he gets any worse come and get me ok.

Washu: Ok I will be sure too.

(Ryoko flies off to Tenchi. Washu looks over to the still Chris. She lets
out a sigh. Ryoko quickly meets up with Tenchi out in the fields.)

Ryoko: Hey Tenchi. Still up for that walk?

Tenchi: Sure. There is something I wanted to talk to you about anyway.
Ryoko, you do know it's not your fault that Chris is hurt.

Ryoko: Tenchi, it is my fault. I am the one that put him in danger. If he
wasn't programed to protect me then surely he would have let me take the
blow. He knew it wouldn't have hurt me.

Tenchi: Now I don't believe that for a minute. Ryoko, if it had been me
instead of him, I would have jumped in front of that car too. It's not your
fault.

Ryoko: Yes Tenchi but my point is, you would have been able to choose if you
had wanted to save me or not. Chris had no choose what so ever. He was
forced to act and as a result he is laying his that bed looking dead.

Tenchi: Ryoko, I just had a talk with Washu and I too said the same thing
you just said. But she told me that she had removed that microchip out of
Chris. What he did, he did to protect you under his own judgement. He could
have just stayed out of it. But he would never want to see you in any pain
what so ever. Neither would I.

Ryoko: Thank you Tenchi. I feel a little better now. Now how about that
walk?

Tenchi: Ok whatever you say.

(They start walking along the trail through the woods. As the moon sets and
the sun rises to the next day, Strange eyes walk over Tenchi and Ryoko from
a distance. They have the same hauntingness that Chris first had. A cold
wind blows through the air.)