(The dried leaves crackle under the foot steps of Chris as he walks to the
house after finishing the work load at the fields. Tenchi has left for
school and the girls are seeing him off. Inside the house Chris goes to the
kitchen where he finds Sasami still finishing the dishes.)

Chris: Sasami, need your help for a second.

Sasami: Sure Chris what is it?

Chris: I need a few things. One is a set of string lights I could hook up.
Next is something I could hang up that could play music.

Sasami: Well they have holiday lights in the shed. That will work and as far
as the music goes you might want to speak with Washu. She's in her lab.

Chris: Thanks, of one more thing. Think you can have a dinner for two ready
by the time Tenchi gets back from school?

Sasami: Sure but what do you have planned?

Chris: Well call it a public service.

(Chris heads outside to the shed. Inside he finds baskets and baskets full
of carrots for the winter. Chris moves them around and fides the holiday
lights in the back. He smiles and throws them over his shoulder. He heads
into the woods. Minutes later he returns to the house and enters Washu's
lab. He finds her typing on her subspace keyboard.)

Chris: Washu can I ask a favor of you?

Washu: Oh Chris it's you. I didn't see you enter. What can I do for you?

Chris: I need some type of system I could hook up outside that could play
music. Got anything that would work?

Washu: Am I the greatest genius in the universe? Oh course I have something
that could. Why do you need it?

Chris: Well I just want to see something. Call it an experiment of my own. A
chemical reaction thing.

Washu: Well I'm always one to help pave the way for science.

(She types up something on the keyboard and a portal opens. From it comes a
stereo system with speakers. Chris takes them and thanks Washu. He heads
back outside. Hours pass and soon the bus from school pulls up outside the
limits of the shrine. Tenchi gets off the bus and starts his walk back to
the house. As he walks the paved trail back to the house he sees Chris in
the distance wearing a suit. Tenchi walks up to him.)

Tenchi: Uh Chris what's going on? Something formal? Do we have a visitor
here?

Chris: Your table is ready sir. Please follow me.

Tenchi: Table? Chris what are you talking about?

(Chris walks into a side trail that leads to the opening. There a table is
set up with flowers and a candle set on it. In the trees around the opening
are the holiday lights strung up. Chris pulls out a chair and Tenchi takes a
sit.)

Chris: I will be right back. I just need to see if everything is ready.

Tenchi: Wait Chris! What's going on? What's all this for?

(Chris walks off leaving Tenchi alone at the table. Soon after Chris returns
with Ryoko close behind him. Ryoko is dressed in a nice dress. Tenchi starts
to get up but Ryoko just takes a seat at the table. Chris walks over and
puts his hand on Tenchi's shoulder keeping him from getting up.)

Chris: We have a fine meal prepared for your enjoyment tonight. If you just
wait I will be right back with it. Please make yourself comfortable.

(Chris walks off. Ryoko looks over at Tenchi lovingly. Tenchi just looks
back nervous and worried.)

Ryoko: I can't believe you set this all up Tenchi. It must have too you a
long time to get everything ready.

Tenchi: Me? I didn't do this. I thought you did.

Ryoko: Chris said you would deny it. He wasn't to tell me that you set this
all up. I guess I shouldn't have told you that but it doesn't really matter
does it?

Tenchi: Uh Ryoko, . . .

(Before Tenchi can say what he wants Chris turns with a plate with bowls and
dishes on it. He sets the food up and places a bottle of tea on the table.
He leaves again.)

Ryoko: Everything looks so delicious. Sasami really did a great job.

(Ryoko looks at Tenchi. Tenchi is sweating and quite. Ryoko laughs and pours
Tenchi and herself a bit of tea into the glasses.)

Ryoko: Don't worry Tenchi, I'm not going to do anything to you unless you
want me too. After all, you invited me here. I will behave myself. I
promise. Now just enjoy yourself Tenchi. For me?

Tenchi: Ok, well I guess it's ok. The food smells tasty.

(They eat the food and drink the tea. Chris returns and removes the dishes
from the table. He helps Ryoko and Tenchi out of their seats. He once again
disappears into the woods. As Ryoko and Tenchi are walking to follow Ryoko
trips on a root and falls into Tenchi's arm.)

Ryoko: You are always there to catch me Tenchi.

(Tenchi helps her back to her feet. As he does the lights dim out and music
starts to play. Tenchi and Ryoko look at each other. Tenchi takes her hands
in his. Ryoko rest her head on his shoulders as they dance to the music. In
the distance Chris walks them move through the night air.)

Ryoko: Tenchi just hold me until the sun comes up.

Tenchi: If only I could.

(The music starts to die and Chris walks back to the house. Inside Ayeka and
Mihoshi are watching tv. Ayeka sees Chris and turns to him.)

Ayeka: Are you sure they said Tenchi had to stay after school to help out
with something?

Chris: Yeah but he should be home any minute. Just keep watching TV and I'll
go back outside and see if he is home let. I just want to go and get in a
few hours of training first.

(Chris heads to his room to change clothes. By his door stands Washu,
waiting for him.)

Washu: I know what you did out there for Ryoko.

Chris: For Ryoko? I did it for Tenchi. Boy needs to learn to relax around
the ladies. Pains me to see him act like the stiff.

Washu: I know it's tough now that life's so complicated but don't try lying
to me. Don't forget that I know what Ryoko is thinking and I also know what
you are thinking.

Chris: *angry* If you don't mind, I am going to change to go train. I was
too busy setting things up today to train.

Washu: Please by all means, but I want to talk to you later.

Chris: Sure, whatever you say.

(Washu moves out of the way and Chris enters his room. Outside Tenchi and
Ryoko start back to the house. Ryoko stops Tenchi before they reach the back
door and holds him close to her. She closes her eyes as Tenchi lends forward
and kisses her.)

Ryoko: The perfect end to the perfect night.

Tenchi: Thank you for staying with me even though I know I have been cold to
you. To all of you. I'll try harder to be more open with my feelings. But
still. . .

Ryoko: What Tenchi? You can tell me anything.

Tenchi: I didn't set tonight up. I know what Chris told you but I didn't
have anything to do with this. I was just as surprised as you was when I saw
you.

Ryoko: Uh? You mean this was all Chris' work? But that doesn't make any
sense.

Tenchi: well good night Ryoko. I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast.

(Tenchi enters as Ryoko stays outside to think. He lends against the house
and looks at the black sky. Her train of thought is disturbed as Washu exits
the house.)

Washu: Had fun tonight?

Ryoko: Oh it was magical. I still can't believe it happened.

Washu: Then why are you so confused?

Ryoko: I just don't get it. Chris set this all up? But why? He's the last
person I pictured to do something like this. To go through all this trouble
just to set up a date between me and Tenchi. Why? That's the question. Why?

Washu: Well Chris has done and will always do anything he can to make sure
you are happy. It's just the way he is. Ever sense he was programed to
protect you long ago, he has always gone out of his way to make you happy.

Ryoko: Oh so he did this against his will too? He felt he had too or
something?

Washu: Now I didn't say that. I'll just leave you to think.

Ryoko: Uh, wait Washu what do you mean?

(Washu heads back into the house. Ryoko is left to wonder what just happened
tonight. Why did Chris set up the date? Is there something he gains from
this? The answers lay in the brain of one man. Chris Storm. The stranger
that showed up in Okayama out of no wheres one day and has changed the lives
of everyone around him. At this moment Chris is training to become the
strongest fighter. He's going over moves just as he stops in his tracks. He
starts to shake all over as he is frozen in terror.)

Chris: He's still alive. . .