(The night air is cool over the Masaki home. Everyone is sleeping quietly.
All expect for Ryoko, who is standing outside Chris' room. She's soon joined
by Ayeka, who was returning to her room after getting water.)

Ayeka: What are you doing spying on Chris?

Ryoko: Shhh! Be quiet. I'm not spying! I'm merely watching him. There is a
difference you know. It's strange though.

Ayeka: What's so strange about Chris sleeping?

Ryoko: Well look, he only sleeps on the side of the bed that's farthest from
the door. Every night it's the same thing. He never rools over either. Like
that side of the bed is off sides.

Ayeka: You mean you have been watching him sleep before?

Ryoko: Only once or twice.

(Nobuyuki, who has just returned home after a late day at the office, walks
up behind them and listens in on what they are talking about.)

Nobuyuki: Normally the husband sleeps on the side of the bed farthest from
the door.

Ryoko: Uh?

Ayeka: Oh, hell Mr. Nobuyuki. When did you get home?

Ryoko: What do you mean the husband sleeps on the far side?

Nobuyuki: Well the husband sleeps far away from the door so if an emergency,
the wife is able to leave the room first. It's just one of the small things
we do that goes unnoticed.

Ryoko: But then why is Chris sleeping like that? He's not married.

Nobuyuki: He protects people. That's just another way he protects people.

Nobuyuki: Well I have had a long day at the office. I'm going to sleep. See
you girls tomorrow.

Ayeka: Good night Mr. Nobuyuki.

Ryoko: Night.

(The girls go their separate ways and held back to sleep. The next morning
the whole group is together for breakfast. Chris has just walked into the
room.)

Tenchi: Good morning Chris. Better hurry up and get some breakfast before
it's all gone.

Chris: That's quite all right. I'm going to town this morning. I'll spend
most of the day there. I'm getting my motorcycle fixed up and plan to do a
few other things.

Sasami: You mean you don't want to stay for breakfast?

Chris: I'll grab some before I leave.

Ryoko: Mind some company?

Chris: Uh . . . well . . . I'm going to be in town all day long. It's going
to be pretty boring. Sure you'll want to go? I mean it really doesn't seem
like your thing just waiting around the shop for hours.

Ryoko: Oh, ok guess if it will be nothing more then a long wait.

(Chris grabs some food and throws it in a zipper bag to bring with him to
town. He heads out of the house as everyone else is finishing their
breakfast. After breakfast Ryoko enters Washu's lab to talk. She finds Chris
already in the lab.)

Ryoko: Chris, what are you doing in here? I thought you was going to town
today.

Chris: There was something I thought was more important here.

Ryoko: Oh and what is that?

Chris: *Chris leans into her.* You.

(With that, Ryoko closes her eyes and leans in to Chris. But before she can
Chris disappears. She opens her eyes to see Washu in the background.)

Ryoko: What the hell just happened here?

Washu: It's my latest invention. A hologrpahic image creator with telepathic
voice ability. Althought for some reason instead of using what I wanted it
to say, it used what you wanted it to say.

Ryoko: Wait, you mean that was just a hologram?

Washu: Yes, very life like isn't it? I just put in an image of the person
and the machine creates the hologram. If I input a verbal sample, it can
also create the person's voice. Chris' voice is the only one I have now.

Ryoko: So you just think of something for it to say and it will say it?

Washu: Yes, so now it looks like I know the truth on how you feel about
Chris.

Ryoko: What are you talking about? There are no "feeling" between me and
Chris. We are just friends.

Washu: Oh don't give me that! I saw you watching him bathe. Not to mention I
overheard Ayeka talking about you watching him sleep. And with what just
happened here, you wanting him to tell you those things. You are crazy for
Chris.

Ryoko: Don't be crazy! I love Tenchi and only Tenchi!

Washu: Is it really love or is it because he was the first guy ever to truly
be nice to you without wanting something in return?

Ryoko: I . . .

(Dust approaches as the sun slowly sets on the horizon. The wheels of one's
motorcycle are seen stoppong in front of a tavern in downtown Okayama. Chris
steps off his bike and walks inside. As he takes his first step inside,
clouds of smoke consume him. He's surrounded by dirt and smoke. All around
is a gathering of the dirtiest and meanest bikers he has ever seen. Chris
takes a seat in one of the far back tables away from the crowds. A waitress
walks up ready to take his order.)

Waitress: Sorry for the crowd. We normally don't have people like this
drinking here. Okayama is a quiet town you know. But any ways, what's your
pleasure?

Chris: Just a beer for now. I don't plan to stay.

Waitress: In town long?

Chris: Making my plans to leave sometime soon. Things are getting too
complicated where I live now.

Waitress: Well good luck with you. I'll just go get you that beer now.

(The waitress walks to the bar to get the drinks. Chris looks around at all
the unruly people. His thoughts are disrupted though, by the voice of the
waitress.)

Waitress: Get your hands off me you creep!

Man: Come on now girl. Stop playing hard to get.

Waitress: Let go of me right now!

(Chris gets up and walks over to the man's table. The man is too busy
worrying over the waitress to notice Chris.)

Man: Or what?

Chris: Or I'm going to make you let go of her.

(The guy lets go of the waitress and turns to see Chris. He stands up and
looks at Chris. The guy looks around the bar laughing. The others start to
laugh too.)

Man: Well shrimp, what are you going to do? Kick me in the knee?

Chris: Maybe.

Chris grabs the man's collar and lifts him off his feet. Chris throws the
guy through the table. The guy is too stunned to get up. The others in the
bar start to fight but Chris holds his own and lays a beating on the crowd.
He grabs the waitress and throws her over his shoulder. Chris makes a rush
for the door knocking over people as he goes. Once outside, Chris helps her
back to her feet.)

Waitress: Thank you. That guy is a real creep.

Chris: Want me to take you home now?

Waitress: I live in the upper level of the bar. Mind if I crash at your
place for the night?

(She looks at her cloths, which are covered in beer.)

Waitress: Or at least for a bath?

Chris: Well . . . I don't know. You see my house mates are . . . it's sorta
hard to explain.

Waitress: Please? Just one bath then I will come back and clean up. I don't
want to spend the night in beer-covered cloths.

Chris: Ok I guess so. Hop on.

(They get on the motorcycle and ride back to the Masaki household. It's late
and everyone appears to be sleeping. Chris slowly creeps into the house with
the waitress close behind him. They make their way to the hallway where the
bath room is.)

Chris: The bath room is right through this room. It's uh, rather large
because the owner of the house is an architect. By the way, I never caught
your name.

Waitress: Look, just call me Keisho.

Chris: Ok, well Keisho if you need anything just call for it ok.

Keisho: You mean you are not coming in? I don't think it would be too
pleasant if your roommates found me taking a bath.

(Chris thinks about what would happen if Ryoko or another one of the girls
caught her taking a bath. He cringes at the thought. With a deep breath
Chris opens the door and walks in.)

Chris: I'll watch the door for you I guess.

Keisho: Thank you, I really appreciate all you have done for me.

(Chris turns his back and watches the door as Keisho removes her clothes to
take a bath. Minutes later as she is indulged in the bath she calls for
Chris.)

Keisho: Sorry to ask but can you do me another favor? I can't reach my back
to wash it. Could you do it for me?

Chris: Are you sure you can't reach it?

Keisho: Yes I'm sure. It's not like I'm going to bite you are anything. It's
rather annoying trying to reach.

Chris: Ok but turn around first.

Keisho: Fine.

(She turns around and Chris grabs a wash cloth. He's relieved to see she's
turned around so is not to allow Chris to see her bare chest. He starts to
wash her back, much to his surprise, Ryoko walks in unexpected. Ryoko's eyes
grow large at the sight of Chris with the naked Keisho. She rushes out of
the door slamming it behind her. Chris jumps and runs to catch her.)

Keisho: Who in the world was that?

Chris: Look I have to go see what just happened. There is money on my
dresser for you to call a cab.

(Chris hurries out of the bath room after Ryoko. He sees the back door open
halway and runs out. He sees nothing but the emptiness outside. Chris powers
up and flies into the air. He looks around for any signs of Ryoko. He spots
her out of the corner of his eye on the roof sitting alone. Chris flies down
next to her.)

Chris: Ryoko is everything alright?

Ryoko: Oh Chris, sorry if I ruined your date. I was just going to take a
bath.

Chris: My date? Oh! You think she was my date? NO! You see some guys at the
bar was harassing her and I helped her out. She was covered in beer so we
came back so she could take a bath.

(Chris looks at Ryoko, who still remains still. In the moon light, Chris can
see Ryoko has been crying.)

Chris: I've been shot before. I've slammed into the side of a car. I've been
through hell with Genesis. I've even trained my body so hard I nearly killed
myself. But none of those things hurt me as much as the sight of seeing you
cry. Worse when I am the one that made you cry.

(Chris leans into her and wipes away a tear with his thumb. Ryoko closes her
eyes and leans toward him. Her lips embrance Chris' as they lightly kiss
under the stars.)