(The air is clear and crisp in Okayama on this Saturday. Bird's song ring in
the air. Everything is quiet and peaceful on this day. Well almost
everywheres. The normal fighting is occurring between Ryoko and Ayeka. In
the middle of it as always is Tenchi. Our hero is busy cleaning outside the
Misaki shrine. Not far from him is a dark figure walking up the stairs. The
man is dressed in all black and hides his head under his blond hair. He
walks up the stairs and comes up behind Tenchi. Tenchi, who is too busy
cleaning the shrine to notice the guy behind him, turns to get the bucket
and bumps right into him. Behind the hair an evil grin shows. The man
reaches behind him and pulls out a long-curved blade. Tenchi starts to back
away but the guy throws the blade to Tenchi. It hits the ground as Tenchi
just stares at the lone figure. The guy pulls out another.)

Stranger: It would be wise of you to pick up the sword. Then again you could
just make my job a lot easier and just leave the sword where it is. It's up
to you. Either way I'm going to use my sword.

Tenchi: Who...who..who are you?

Stranger: Just call me the Angel of Death. Here to take you to the other
side.

(Tenchi slowly picks up the sword and gets ready to defend himself against
his unknown foe. The guy laughs and gets ready to attack.)

Tenchi: I have no wish to fight you. Now just leave me in peace.

Stranger: I'm afraid that's not in the cards for you Tenchi.

Tenchi: How did you know my name?

(The stranger laughs again and lungs at Tenchi. Tenchi barely manages to get
a defense up against the blow. The hit knocks Tenchi back a little. But he
holds his ground none the less.)

Stranger: Very good my boy. Looks like I might just have some fun with this.
*laughing*

Tenchi: We don't have to fight. I never did anything to dishonor you. If I
have then I am sorry.

Stranger: You just don't get it do you? I'm not worried about you or what
you did. I was told to kill you and that is just what I shall do.

(The man attacks again and Tenchi once again blocks. The stranger flips over
Tenchi and slashes at him missing by only inches. Inside the house Ryoko
starts to get bored. She looks outside and sees the edge of the shrine. She
knows Tenchi is over there doing his chores. A smile crosses her face and
she vanishes into the air. Back at the fight, the stranger is trying
everything he can but Tenchi is just barely to block each attack. He man
strikes hard and backs off.)

Tenchi: This is useless. Please, just leave this place in peace.

Stranger: *laughing* Do you really think I have been trying? Tenchi, I was
told to play with you before killing you. I have just been testing you. If
you want I can step up and just end this here.

(The man stands back and a bright aura glows around him. Tenchi looks in
disbelief. A shot of energy shoots out of his arm and goes straight to
Tenchi. Then before it hits Tenchi it is smashed away by Ryoko. She stands
in front of Tenchi.)

Ryoko: What is going on here? You better have not harmed Tenchi in anyway or
I will destroy you and spread your ashes over the far reaches of space.

Stranger: Well, I will take a guess here. Ryoko?

Ryoko: Huh? How do you know my name.

Tenchi: He's here to kill me. I think he knows all of our names.

Ryoko: Then you must be brave to attack Tenchi if you know he has the most
powerful space pirate protecting him.

Stranger: Your strong it's true but not that strong. Look I am going to
leave ok. Sorry to have caused you any pain.

Tenchi: I thought you was going to kill me? Now you are just going to leave?

Stranger: Oh I was, but I can't won't do anything to harm a women. So
Tenchi, count yourself lucky this time.

Washu: Storm you never could hurt a women. You always made sure you never
hurt their feeling and always protected them with your life. That's just the
way you was programed.

Tenchi/Ryoko/Stranger: Huh?

Washu: Storm, I was wondering how long it would take for you to find us.
Longer then I expected I must say. But you got here none the less. I never
thought I would see you again.

Stranger: I don't know how the hell you know my name but I don't know what
you are talking about. I'm not here to find you. I'm just here because I was
ordered to kill Tenchi.

Tenchi: Washu, you know this guy?

Washu: Yes, this is Storm. I better explain something. You know how I
created Ryoko but I consider her more of a daughter to me. Well I knew that
she would have a dangerous life to I set to task to create her a bodyguard.

Chris Storm: Look lady, now you really have me mistaken. My name is Chris
Storm and I am not someone's bodyguard and no one created me.

Washu: Yes I was just getting to that. You see, I decided it would be too
hard to create Ryoko a bodyguard so I choose another idea. I would take a
person and insert a clip into his brain and program him to protect Ryoko.
Thus you was created Storm.

Ryoko: Washu that is a lie! I never had a bodyguard!

Chris Storm: Not to mention I have never meet you nor Ryoko before this day.

Washu: I didn't think either of you would remember the other. You was both
young when Kagato imprisoned me and used both of you for evil. He had both
of you attack all of space. But when Ryoko was finally stopped, he left you
out in space. I knew that one day you would hunt us out and do what you was
always programed to do.

Chris Storm: Look Washu, sorry to break it too you but I am not some
bodyguard. I am a free-lance killer.

Washu: Ok then, lets see you blast Ryoko with all your power. If you really
are not who I say you are then you should be able to.

Chris Storm: Fine just to prove you wrong. Killing one women isn't going to
hurt anything.

(Chris powers up again and aims right at Ryoko. He gets ready to fire at her
but stops. He tries again and once again quits at the last second.)

Washu: I love always being right.

(Inside the Misaki house, Tenchi, Nobuyuki, Ayeka, Mihoshi, Sasami with
Ryo-Ohki on her lap, and Ryoko all listen to Washu. Chris is standing away
from them all listening in also. Washu continues to talk.)

Washu: ...So you see, I needed a good strong fighter to protect Ryoko. I
mean even from the start I knew she would be a little spit-fire. So as luck
would have it we was near a planet that had ever strong fighters on it. The
planet Vegeta. I found a little kid I knew would be strong. It was a
homeless kid. I saw that he was a very strong fighter as surviving on his
own. So I took him with me and inserted a small chip into the right side of
his brain. But Kagato imprisoned me and turned Storm into a deadly killing
machine. He warped his bones into an extremely strong and light metal I had
been working on. The warped bones had a horrible side effect on Storm as now
he had claws that could come out of his hands. We couldn't explain why that
would happen but it only increased Storm's deadliness.

Storm: So let me get this straight, you're saying that I am some super
killing machine from the planet Vegeta, designed to protect Ryoko, but
instead was used to create the most deadly fighter in the universe. Yeah
right.

Washu: You have claws don't you?

Storm: No I do not.

Washu: Why don't you try to use them.

Storm: Fine just to make you happy.

(Chris raises his arm and soon metal claws eject from his back hand.
Everyone stares at him. Washu smiles from ear to ear.)

Washu: I love always being right.

(Chris walks off outside the house. As the others talk to each other, Washu
walks outside to follow Chris. She finds him leaning against the side of the
house looking into the woods.)

Washu: Having trouble sorting this all through? I can understand to where
you don't believe me.

Strom: It's just that I have always been on my own. I all can remember was
being on my own, having to take care of myself. I never thought I was here
to do anything. I mean I didn't know my family. I didn't remember my past. I
was always just there. Now my past is revealed and I can't believe it. Me,
programed to protect someone's life and created to be the strongest fighter
alive.

Washu: I know it's a lot to take in right now so I will give you some time
alone.

(Washu heads back inside. Chris pushes off the house and starts walking to
the woods. Half way there he is stopped by Ryoko.)

Ryoko: Look I don't know nor care why you are here. But I don't need anyone
to protect me nor do I want someone to protect me. I can take care of
myself. I always have and always will.

Storm: Well then, looks like we have the ground rules set huh? I don't want
to be your little bodyguard anymore then you do. I have been on my own all
my life just like you. So don't think you have been through something I
haven't. I'm in the same boat as you Ryoko.

(Ryoko stands stunned at what Chris just said. "Just like her?" She's never
thought that someone else could be just like here. She starts to head back
to the house. Chris keeps walking to the woods. He walks up the stairs to
the road when he looks over at the shrine. He turns back and Katsuhito is
standing in front of him.)

Storm: Out of my way old man. I'm leaving.

Katsuhito: Now is that anyway to talk to your host? If you are going to be a
guest in my home then you better treat me with some respect.

Storm: Well I am not going to be a house guest. I'm out of here. You already
have enough people leaving under that roof. You don't need one more crowding
it up.

Katsuhito: Leaving uh? And where will you be going?

Storm: I don't know. I'll find somewheres though. I always do.

Katsuhito: You know Tenchi does need help with the fields and other chores.
I might just let you stay here if you would be willing to help him out.

Storm: How many times do I have to say that I am not going to stay here? Are
you both old and deaf?

Katsuhito: So you plan to wonder around forever just going from one place to
another? Don't you think you need a break from that? Earth is very nice this
time of the year you know. Just think about it.

(Chris starts to head back to the road when he is once again cut off. This
time by Washu.)

Washu: Leaving so soon? Look come back to the house and at least have dinner
with us. Sasami is a wonderful cook. Then you can leave. Ok.

Strom: It has been a long time sense I last had a home cooked meal. Ok just
for a little bit longer.

(Around the dinner table, everyone sits enjoying their meal. Even Chris
looks to be having fun. After Ayeka and Sasami clean the table off, everyone
sits around talking. Mainly about Chris.)

Ayeka: ...So Chris where do you plan to be going from here?

Tenchi: Hey why don't you stay here. You could help me out with my chores.

Sasami: Yeah Chris. Come on, it will be fun.

Storm: I don't know. I have a feeling there are people here who don't want
me here. I think I will just go back to space and just keep doing what I
have been doing for so many years.

Sasami: No one here wants you to live. Ryoko you want him to stay right?

Ryoko: Oh course Sasami. I want him to stay about as much as anyone else.

Storm: But I wouldn't have a room to stay in. I mean I wouldn't want to
crowd the place up.

Washu: Well I could set you up a room like my lap. It wouldn't be any
trouble at all. Any ways I want to study you to see how your body has
conformed with the changes.

Storm: Well I want to keep training. I don't think the planet would survive
too many blast.

Tenchi: Granpa could train you. He's training me right now.

Storm: Nothing to your Granpa but Tenchi, you aren't very good. Any ways, he
couldn't train me. I want more of an extreme workout.

Mihoshi: *giggling* Don't be silly Chris. Washu could create you a training
room. *laughing*

Washu: Yeah in the morning you could help Tenchi with the field, then you
could train however you want, then I will study to see how you progress.

Sasami: Please say you'll stay Chris. Please.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow!

Storm: *Sarcastically* Oh great!