(The dust has long settled. The smoke is gone. Okayama has returned to
normal on what could have been the end of life on Earth as we know it. Even
the Misaki residence has returned to normal. On today Ayeka is busy getting
ready in her room. Sasami enters and is discouraged to see Ayeka still not
ready.)

Sasami: You're still not ready? Hurry or we'll be late!

Ayeka: We have plenty of time left.

(Sasami grabs Ayeka's are and starts to drag her out of the room. Ayeka
stops herself and frees her hand.)

Ayeka: Sasami you shouldn't act in such a manner. It's not the proper way
for a royal princess of Juria to act. Now we shall enter with honor and
dignity.

(Ayeka takes Sasami's hand and leads her out of the room. They walk to
Washu's lab where Tenchi and Mihoshi are waiting for them outside.)

Mihoshi: Well today is the day.

Ayeka: Yes it seems as if this day would never come.

Tenchi: It's been a hard month for all of us. Now lets go in there and try
to put the pieces back together.

(They enter the lab to see Washu standing between two hyperbolic chambers.
Inside are Ryoko and Chris. The group stands at the ends of the chambers and
looks at their motionless friends. They look to Washu, who remains just
standing between the hyperbolic chambers.)

Tenchi: Well. . .

Washu: Well what?

Ayeka: Well aren't you going to revive Ryoko and Chris from their sleep?

Washu: They aren't ready to be waken yet.

Tenchi: What? You said it would be today.

Washu: It will be. Just give it a minute.

Sasami: Please hurry Washu, I miss them both.

Mihoshi: Me too!

(Washu turns around and pulls up a subspace laptop computer. She types up a
few things and checks the data. The computer disappears into space. Washu
turns back around with a smile ear to ear.)

Washu: 5..4..3..2..1

*Beep*

Washu: It's time. Lets wake sleeping beauty up.

(Washu pushes a button and the two hyperbolic chambers open. The group help
them sit up in the chambers. Chris wakes up and jumps out of the chamber
ready to defend.)

Chris: Where's Genesis? Where did that son of a bitch get too?

(Tenchi grabs Chris to calm him down.)

Tenchi: Chris, it's over, you blasted Genesis out of orbit.

Chris: That's impossible. I'm not on his level. I shouldn't have been able
to defeat him.

Ayeka: No it's quiet true. I would not have believed it if I had not seen it
for myself. You was in a rage and there was this change that happened. It's
unexplainable. Then pow! You blasted that monster with everyone you had. It
was splendid.

Chris: A change? What do you mean? Like in my attitude or something?

Washu: In the way you looked. Plus your power increased greatly. Like your
rage being channeled into energy. I have it on tape if you wish to see what
happened.

Ryoko: Ugh..

(Tenchi and Sasami help Ryoko out of the hyperbolic chamber. Ryoko is
shaking and seems timid. Tenchi and Sasami calm her down. Ryoko starts to
awake from the sleep and stops shaking. They explain to her what happened
and they all watch the tape of the battle. Chris stands in awe.)

Chris: I don't even remember any of that. Last thing I remember was Genesis
knocked me out and firing that blast at me. Then I saw the explosion and
Ryoko standing there hurt. Then the rest when blank.

Ryoko: I still can't believe that happened. It's just unimaginable.

Washu: Chris do you have any idea what that was or how it happened?

Chris: You mean you don't know? That's what I was going to ask you!

Washu: Well I could find out, come back here on a normal bases like what you
have and I will run a few test to see if we can't figure out what it was
that happened.

Chris: Agreed. But for now, I just want to return to training. I want to be
ready for the next level.

Ayeka: The next level?

Chris: The next level of power. I achieved it once and now I must reach it
again.

(Chris exits the lab. Sasami looks at a clock hanging in the lab.)

Sasami: Oh my, it's time for breakfast. I better hurry if I want it to be
ready to eat by 6:00.

Ayeka: I'll help you Sasami.

(Everyone soon starts to leave the lab. Chris goes to the training room and
looks at the gravity machine. He smiles and turns the machine up to 60 times
gravity. Soon Chris is taken by extreme conditions. Chris powers up and
starts working out as hard as he can. He pushes himself harder and harder
each minute. Sweat drops from every inch of his body. After a few hours of
extreme training Chris drops to the ground. He tries to get up but he can't.
Chris just lays there until a knock at the door shuts off the gravity
machine. Chris is able to stand now that the gravity is back to normal. He
grabs a shirt but it's too torn too wear. Ryoko enters the room. She's
shocked to see the near unconscious Chris hardly standing in torn clothes.)

Ryoko: I just came in to say thank you for saving my life against Genesis.
Well really for both times you saved me. Uh, Chris are you ok, you look like
you need some help.

Chris: Nah, I'm ok. But really I should thank you for saving my ass back
there. But look I'm just going to train for a few more hours then call it a
day.

Ryoko: Sure that's safe? I mean you look wasted. Not to mention your clothes
are hardly even staying on. Or covering you for that much. *Laughing*

(Chris looks down to see his clothes are torn and almost falling off. He's
barely even covered up. He just drops his head down and falls to his knees.
Ryoko picks up Chris and carries him to his room. She lays him on his bed
and starts to leave. She looks back on the tired warrior. She leans over and
kisses him on the forehead. She turns out the lights and shuts the door. The
next day Chris wakes to the smell of breakfast being cooked. He gets up and
walks to the dining room where Sasami is getting the table ready. Chris
helps her with the dishes.)

Sasami: Good morning sleepy head. You must really have been tired yesterday.
You slept right past dinner. I was going to wake you up but they told me to
just let you sleep.

Chris: Thanks, well breakfast smells great. I'm really hungry this morning.
I hope you have plenty of steamed rice and sweet potatoes ready.

Sasami: Really Chris, I don't understand how you can ate so much. You eat
more then Ryoko and Mihoshi does.

Chris: Ah it's in my blood.

(The rest of the group comes to eat breakfast. Ryoko and Ayeka fight over
who will seat next to Tenchi until they make room for both to sit next to
him. They finish their food then Ayeka and Mihoshi help Sasami clean the
dishes. Tenchi and Chris head out to work the field. Ryoko as normal gets
away from all forms of work. Out at the field Tenchi is chopping a stump out
to make more room to expand the field. Chris is planting more carrots.)

Chris: Why can't I remove the stump and you plant the damn carrots.

Tenchi: Because you would blow the ground up. I still remember your job of
clearing the field that one day. I still have shell shock from that one.

Chris: Oh, sorry man, guess I don't know my own strength.

Tenchi: Yeah!

(As they work Ryoko appears. She teleports to Tenchi to where she grabs him
tight to her. Tenchi drops the axe and tries to free himself. Ryoko just
laughs. Chris looks on smiling. Finally Ayeka sees what's going on from
inside and bust out of the house breaking up Ryoko's fun. Tenchi breathes a
breath of relief as he picks up his axe.)

Chris: Man why do you fight her?

Tenchi: What do you mean?

Chris: Ryoko. Every time she tries something you act like she's trying to
kill you or something. I mean you two make a great couple too.

Tenchi: Me and Ryoko? I great couple? Nah, we are just friends.

Chris: To tell the truth, when I first got here I though you two was dating
or something. I mean she did defend you against me.

Tenchi: Well like I said we are just friends, nothing more.

Chris: Tenchi when I look at her when she is with you, that is more then
just friends. I'm not sure about you but I know she thinks of you as more
then just a friends. Why don't you just go out with her once and see if
there are any feelings between you two. I mean it couldn't hurt could it.
Maybe if you're lucky it will though. *laughing*

Tenchi: Huh, Chris, we'll have to talk about this later. It's time for me to
go to school. I'll catch you later.

Chris: Yeah, ok well later man.

(Tenchi runs off to catch the school bus. Ryoko meets him at the walkway.
She floats into his arms. Tenchi just stays still waiting for Ryoko to make
a move. Soon as always Ayeka chases Ryoko off. Ayeka gives Tenchi his lunch
as he leaves for the bus. Ryoko flies off defeated once again. Chris smiles
and turns to the stump that was never fully removes. He points his hand at
it and fires a blast. The blast blows up the stump but also creates a large
hole in the ground. Chris just turns and walks away slowly as nothing
happens until he gets to the woods to where he makes a run for it.)

Chris: Looks like the ball is in my court now. Time to run with it.

(Chris heads back to the house as he forms a plan. Whats about to happen?
Only time will tell when Chris has a plan.)