(Everyone is sitting around the table enjoying dinner and chatting.  All
expect for Ryoko and Chris if course.  As they eat, Ryoko enters the room.
They all stop talking.  Ryoko looks at them and takes a seat.)

Ryoko: What?  So I overslept.  Not like it hasn’t happened before.

(She starts eating breakfast and everyone continues their talks.  A few
minutes later, Chris enters with his bags.  He’s taken by surprise to see
everyone still there.)

Chris: Oh, you’re still in here.  I thought everyone would be finished
eating by now.

Tenchi: Going somewhere Chris?

Chris: Oh this?  No . . . I’m just going to get some early training in.
This is my gym bag.

Washu: Well come sit down and join us for breakfast.

Chris: No, I think I will just go.  I’m not hungry as it is.

(As Chris says this, Nobuyuki enters ready for work.)

Nobuyuki: Come on now Chris.  If you and Ryoko are going to start a
relationship, then you will need all your strength. *laughing*

Chris: *turns to face him* What did you just say?

Nobuyuki: Don’t kid around Chris.  Ayeka told me what happened.  Or at least
I overheard her talking about what happened.

(Everyone drops their head in disgust that Nobuyuki just let out the secret
that they knew what happened.  Chris is shocked and appalled.  He walks out
of the door.)

Ayeka: Chris I’m sorry for what Ryoko did to you.  But you don’t need to
leave.  I’m sure she wouldn’t do it again.

(Ryoko gets up and runs off into one of the rooms.  Chris turns away and
flies into the sky.  He reaches higher and higher until soon he is with the
stars.  Chris lands on the surface of the moon and looks back at the Earth.
In a burst of rage, Chris lets out his energy.  He changes into a
super-saiyan in his rage.  In the blackness of space, Genesis feels the
power and speeds toward the Earth.  Meanwhile on Earth, Washu finds Ryoko in
Chris’ room.)

Washu: Ryoko I’m sorry for what Ayeka said.  She wasn’t thinking when she
said it.

Ryoko: But it was true none the less.  I forced Chris into me when he didn’t
want to.

Washu: just what happened last night between you two?

(Ryoko tells Washu the truth of what happened during the night.  After a few
minutes, Ryoko and Washu leave out of Chris’ room together.  They join the
rest of the gang in the living room.)

Ryoko: Where did Chris go?  I want to say I’m sorry.

Tenchi: I’m sorry but he left.  We don’t know where he went.  He just flew
into the sky.

(Ryoko sits on the couch.  The others sit next to her and comfort her.
Mihoshi turns on the tv, but instead of the news, finds Genesis on the tv.)

Mihoshi: How do you like that?  Genesis has his own tv show now.

Others: What?

(Mihoshi turns up the tv as Genesis starts to talk.)

Genesis: In a matter of 10 days the fate of the Earth will be decided.  I am
Genesis, the destroyer.  I will destroy the entire planet if I am not met by
Chris Storm in battle.  He has 10 days to respond with his answer.  If not,
then let God have mercy on your souls, for I shall not!

(Genesis slowly fades and statics out.  The normal news broadcaster is soon
back.  A look of horror and disbelief is on his face.  Tenchi turns off the
tv and starts to walk out of the house.)

Sasami: Where are you going Tenchi?

Tenchi: If we can’t find Chris in 10 days the whole planet will be
destroyed.  I’m going to train for the chance that we might not be able to
find him.

Ayeka: You can’t be thinking about facing Genesis can you?  You’ll be
killed!

Tenchi: Do we have another choose?  If it’s a fight Genesis wants then it’s
a fight I’ll give him.  I’m not sure if I can improve much but I’m going to
see if that training room can work for someone else.

Washu: As much as I hate to say it, Tenchi you are right.  But we all must
be stronger if we want to defeat Genesis without Chris.

Tenchi: Let’s only hope we don’t have too.

(Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Mihoshi walk to the training room.  Washu and
Sasami on the other hand, walk to her lab.  Chris, in the meanwhile, is
still on the moon looking back at the Earth.  It’s clear that Chris has gone
through some physical changes since he left.  His tail is longer and his
body is slowly being covered in thick, brown hair.  Fangs grow from his
mouth.  He fights the changes as best he can.  As he starts to leave, the
ground starts to turn into a quick sand type substance.  Chris sinks into
the ground, unable to get up.  He holds his breath as he sinks underground.)

Voice: Awaken yourself Storm.  You have been brought here to stand before
Lady Tokimi.

Chris: Lady Tokimi?

Voice: Silence!  Lady Tokimi is now ready to see you.

(Chris looks around at the giant empty space.  Soon a huge figure stands
over Chris, Lady Tokimi.)

Tokimi: Storm, you have been requested here because you are destined to be
one of the strongest fighters in the universe.  I wish to enquire your
services.

Chris: I’m out of that business in case you haven’t heard.

Tokimi: I can make any wish you want come true.  Ryoko can be safe and
protected.

Chris: I guess if I turn you down then you’re going to hurt her then?

(Lady Tokimi doesn’t reply.  Chris gets angry and starts to power up in his
rage.  His golden ora gets stronger and brighter.  With an intense blast,
Chris lets out his power.)

Chris: I don’t care how powerful you are, Lady Tokimi, if you even touch her
in anyway then I will hunt you down and turn you inside out!

(Lady Tokimi throws her hand at Chris.  When she does this, Chris falls to
his knees in pain.  The pain only causes his rage to increase.  Finally, the
pressure takes it’s toll on Chris.  He falls to the ground in pain.  Lady
Tokimi stops.)

Tokimi: I will not hurt Ryoko nor do I wish to have you hurt people.  I know
of a person that is in great danger that needs your protection.

Chris: *looks up at her* Fine, but I’m not doing this for any reward.  I’ll
protect the person for their own safety.

Tokimi: Then so be it.

(She raises her hand again and Chris is teleported back to the moon.  The
moonlight causes the changes in Chris to continue.  Chris fights it off but
changes to the giant ape.  Back on Earth, Washu and Sasami are in her lab
working.)

Washu: Looks like I’ve found him!

Sasami: Chris?

Washu: Yes, it appears there is a large power on the surface of the moon.  I
believe it’s Chris.

Sasami: Oh no!  He can’t survive in space.  How will he breath?

Washu: The same way Ryoko does.  He won’t.  When Chris was being created, he
was given samples of mass tissue into his cells.  This allows him to have
many of the same powers as Ryoko.  Including surviving without air.  Now
it’s just a question of how to get to him.

(With that said, Washu turns toward Ryo-Ohki.  The little cabbit goes to run
away but Sasami and Washu catch it before it can leave the lab.  They round
up the rest of the gang.  On the moon, Chris is laying on the ground, his
body is covered in dark brown fur.  He wakes up and senses Genesis’ power.
He flies back to the Earth.  The gang starts to leave but before they can, a
giant crash in the mountains stops them.  Chris is back.)

Chris: Genesis this time you will understand fear.

(Chris turns away from the house to leave towards Genesis’ power.  As he
does, the gang comes running up to the newly created clearing.  They stop
when they see Chris.)

Tenchi: Chris what happened to you?

Ayeka: You look like a giant ape.

Ryoko: I don’t care.  Chris you’re back!

(Ryoko runs and grabs Chris.  She holds him close to her.  He pulls her off
him.  Ryoko looks at him.  Chris’ once gentle face is now a pained mask of
hate.)

Chris: I’m here only to complete my mission.  To destroy Genesis.  I’m not
back for you.

(Chris lets her go and turns his back to her.  Ryoko turns away and walks
back to the group in disbelief.  Tenchi approaches Chris.)

Tenchi: I want to take out Genesis just as much as you do Chris, but right
now we have 9 days left to get ready.

Chris: I don’t need the time.  I’m ready to fight now.  So I suggest you get
out of my way and let me handle this.

Washu: I don’t know who the hell you are, but I can say this much.  You are
not Chris Storm.  Chris is a gentle person and the nicest guy you could
meet.  He was a friend to us all.  You are just as ass hole that’s no better
then Genesis!

(Chris turns to face Washu.  He grabs her by the throat and throws her into
a tree.)

Chris: I don’t care if I’m just as much of a monster as Genesis.  I just
want him dead.  If any of you get in my way I will deal with you too.

Tenchi: Chris you are mad with power!

(Chris knees Tenchi in the stomach and sends him to the ground.  Ayeka and
Sasami help him up.  Washu finally regains her balance.  Chris flies off to
face Genesis.)

Washu: Well looks like we will face Genesis early.  Hope all of you are
ready.

Ayeka: You don’t mean we will help Chris?  As far as I’m concerned, let
Genesis deal with him.  Those two can kill each other off for all I can
care.

(Ryoko flies after Chris.  Washu gets Ryo-Ohki and starts to follow but
Tenchi joins her.  Soon the rest join in.  They fly offshore of Tokyo to a
small, unpopulated island.  There Genesis is waiting.  Chris lands first.)

Genesis: Looks like you showed up.  And sporting a new coat too?  I know I
would push you to that level.

Chris: Sorry to disappoint you but this isn’t the result of you.  I
discovered the secret of the Super-Saiyans.  Once I stopped and gave up on
everything it hit me.  Now I am who you see before you.

Genesis: I don’t really care.  Now fully power up so we can get this over
with.

(They both power up.  The energy they create makes a giant super sonic blast
that destroys all forestry on the island, leaving it bare.  Soon Ryoko and
the others land on the island.)

Genesis: Your fan club is here.

Chris: Shut up and fight.

Genesis: Huh?

(Genesis is taken by surprise as Chris charges in and fires a right to the
jaw.  Genesis is sent to the ground hard, but he doesn’t stay down for
long.)

Genesis: You will pay for that one.

Chris: Whatever.

(Chris charges in again and spears Genesis.  He ejects his claws and stabs
Genesis in the shoulder.  He lets out a scream of pain.  Genesis gets his
free arm and blast Chris off him.)

Genesis: It will that much more then a few cheap shots to get rid of me.

Chris: Cockroaches always were hard to kill.

Genesis: Why don’t you show me your true power?  Give it everything you
have.  Afraid if you do, it still won’t be enough.

Chris: You want it?  You got it!

(Chris powers up to his greatest form.  The energy hits the group and sends
them flying back.  Chris doesn’t even turn to see if they are ok.  Genesis
smiles with pleasure.)

Genesis: You are much more powerful then me now.  I always knew this day
would come.  When you would reach a power far greater then mine.  So come
and kill me Chris.

(Chris charges Genesis and slams into him.  Chris locks Genesis in a
headlock and ejects his claws once more.  He goes to drive them through his
head but is stopped by someone.  Without looking at who it is, Chris punches
them away.  He hears Ryoko’s voice behind him.  Chris looks behind him and
sees Ryoko laying on the ground.  Chris throws Genesis and tuns to her.)

Genesis: Don’t stop boy!  Finish what you started!  Which is more important
to you, killing me or her!

Chris is taken by his words.  He leaves Ryoko and charges Genesis once more.
  Chris lays Genesis out with a forearm shot.  He gets on top of Genesis and
gets ready to blast him.)

Tenchi: Chris don’t do it! Can’t you see that is what he wants!  If you kill
him you will be just as much a monster as him.

Chris: I don’t care anymore!  Look at me Tenchi!  I’m already a monster.
All I have left is to kill Genesis.

Washu: You still have Ryoko.  She loves you Chris.  And I know you love her.
  Look at what your angry has done.  It makes you hurt her too.

Genesis: Don’t listen to them Chris.  If you don’t kill me now, I will kill
them.  I will slowly drain the life out of each of them.

Chris: No!

(Chris goes to blast Genesis but Tenchi tackles Chris off Genesis.  Genesis
gets up and goes to blast Tenchi, but Tenchi creates the Lighthawk Wings and
blocks the blast.)

Genesis: What is this?  Stop protecting Chris.  His soul is mine now!

Tenchi: You only wish to turn Chris’ soul as black as you own.  I won’t
allow that to happen.

(Genesis charges Tenchi but Tenchi blocks him with the shield and runs
Genesis through with the sword.  Genesis falls to his knees.  Chris looks on
in disbelief.  Washu walks up behind him and shocks him with something in
her hand.  Chris falls to the ground unconscious.)

Tenchi: Why did you do that?

Washu: To get him back home.  I highly doubt Chris would return if he had a
choose.

Tenchi: What to do with Genesis’ body?

Washu: Bring it.  I can store it in my lab some wheres safe.

(The group loads the two up and flies back home in Ryo-Ohki.)