"As always I make no claim to the characters in this story..." Knock at the 
door.
Author gets up and answers it, "Hello?" Aeaka bursts into the room and 
points
a sword at him. "Hold it right there! I am sick of you finding ways for 
Ryoko to
get Tenchi. Plus you keep mispelling my name. It's Aeaka, not Ayeaka moron.
So far I've had to marry Yosho, Marry Yosho AND Washu, been
driven mad, and just plain been forced to give up. I am sick of it." Author 
sighs
and looks at her, "Sorry, but it's what the public wants. Ever since you 
laughed
at Ryoko when she told you about watching Tenchi from the cave." Aeaka
growls and presses the sword to the author's throat, "I don't care. I don't 
know
how you and those other writers keep altering our reality but from here on 
out I
get Tenchi, got it?"
  Author smiles and Aeaka finds herself strapped to a chair with her mouth
gagged. The author also takes a quick polaroid and mails it to Ryoko. "Now
princess, you will sit back and enjoy the story or next time I'll either 
marry
you off to Nobiyuki or Serio." Aeaka's eyes go wide with fear and she
mummbles through the gag. "Hey, I don't even know why you are bothering me.
I wasn't the one who wrote the stories where you end up with Ryoko or the
other girls. And to answer your earlier question Washu reads the stories in 
the
TMFFA archive and makes them real with her dimension tuner. What did you
think she did in there all day?" So as Aeka screams into the gag and the 
author
finishes this lame bit and telling people that he doesn't own the 
characters, lets
begin the heartfelt story. "Ok it's a lemon, but it's still hearfelt." 
Ayeaka screams
again as the room fades to black. "Stay tuned after the story for warnings 
about
content and my appologies for yet another story with Mihoshi and Kyonei
having sex. I may do Ryoko and Tenchi, but I'm not sure yet. If the story 
gets a
little off topic, please bear with me.


Picture Perfect
By, Clayton Overstreet

Tenchi and the others sat in the living room watching t.v. when Nobiyuki 
came
rushing in from his dark room. "They're done. They're finaly finished!" 
Everyone
looked at him. "What's done Dad?" Tenchi asked. Nobiyuki smiles and
slammed a stack of books onto the table. "I made the pefect family photo
albums. And I have one for each of you!" He passed out the albums to the
eager group.
  Tenchi took his and glanced at the clock, "I'll look at them later dad, I 
have to
get to the carrot patch." Tenchi went to his room and set his down on his
dresser while he got dressed. Meanwhile the others ran off to their own 
rooms,
mostly to see what pictures of Tenchi they had. They didn't even notice when
Tenchi left.

  Sasami and Ryo-oki sat in the kitchen flipping through the photo album. 
They
laughed at pictures of Ryoko and Ayeaka fighting. Nobiyuki had managed to
get them right before they fell into the lake. Flipping through the pages 
she saw
pictures of Mihoshi and Kyonei together. She couldn't help but notice that
Nobiyuki had taken one from behind a bush. It showed the galaxy police
officers enjoying and picnic together and smiling happily... kind of like 
how her
sister and Ryoko smiled at Tenchi.
  "Myah," Ryo-oki said and pointed to a picture of Tenchi as a little boy 
playing
outside the cave. "Yeah, he was pretty cute back then." Sasami said. Ryo-oki
nodded. In the picture Tenchi was staring at the rock by the cave. Sasami
looked closer and almost thought she could see...RIIIIIIINGGGG! They both
jumped and looked towards the stove where the egg time had gone off. "Oh,
lunch is ready!" She and Ryo-oki sat their album on the counter and left to
prepare the dining room.

  Kyonei and Mihoshi sat up in their attic room staring at the picture of 
them on
their picnic. "How did Nobiyuki get this?" Kyonei yelled. Mihoshi shrugged 
and
smiled pleasantly, "Well atleast he didn't get any pictures of how we ended 
that
picninc." Kyonei's eyes widdend. And she looked at Mihoshi, "What if he did
and just didn't put them in the album?" Mihoshi thought about it and 
shrugged.
"Well then I guess he knows then and isn't going to tell anyone." She smiled 
and
gave Kyonei a kiss on the cheek, "Besides, what have we got to be
embarrassed about?" Kyonei blushed and shrugged, "I'm sorry Mihoshi."
  Mihoshi smiled and hugged her, "It's ok Kyonei." Kyonei smiled and hugged
back. "Still I think we should relieve mister Misaki of any other pictures 
he may
have." Mihoshi grinned and nodded, "Sure."
  They walked down stairs and worked their way towards Nobiyuki's room.

  Ayeaka sat in her room. She had come up with the perfect plan to get 
Tenchi
to finaly notice her. Since Nobiyuki seemed to have set it up so that each 
of the
girls had their own page, she went through her photo album and removed all 
the
pictures of Ryoko. Laughing maniacly she then snuck into Tenchi's room and
switched her's for his. When he got back he'd be so pleased that she had 
taken
out the picures of that horrible monster and let her own beutiful face for 
him to
look at.
  She was sure that when he saw her face staring out at him he'd fall totaly 
in
love with her. "Ha, that'll show Ryoko!"

  Ryoko smiled and lay back looking at the pictures. She had been looking at
the ones of Tenchi as a little boy for a long time. She remembered those 
days
well. That was when she had first started to love him. She had played with 
him
by the cave all his life, until he couldn't see her any more. His favorite 
game had
been to defete the dragon, fight his way into the castle, and kiss the 
princess
awake. A tear fell from her cheek when she remembered the day his mother
had died. He had come to the shrine to see her, to tell her what was wrong, 
but
he couldn't see her any more. Ryoko had tried to comphort him but without 
him
seeing her there was nothing she could do.
  "Ryoko, lunch is ready!" Ryoko shook her head and looked down from her
place in the rafters. She sighed and set the album aside, then wiped her 
cheeks
dry. "Ok Sasami I'll be right down."

  "Washu, lunch time!" Washu heard Sasami's call from behind. She had been
monitoring the other's reactions to the pictures. It had been interesting 
but she
had not had a chance to look at them herself yet. She turned and called back
to Sasami, "I'm kinda buisy Sasami. I'll get something at dinner ok?" Sasami
sighed and closed the door.
  Washu picked up her album and was about to look at it when she saw
Sasami on one of the monitors. She had caught Kyonei and Mihoshi just
outside of Nobiyuki's room and had dragged them off to lunch. Washu
chuckled and turned to the pictures. She was amazed at some of the shots 
that
Nobiyuki had managed. He'd even gotten things that Washu's own sensores
had missed.
  When she got to the part with Tenchi as a child she stopped and stared. In
all the pictures of him with his mother at the shrine, he was staring at 
something.
Washu slid one of the pictures under her light wave augmentor and went
through three different settings before she saw what he was staring at. 
Ryoko
was laying on he back, pretending to sleep while Tenchi leaned down to kiss
her. Washu's jaw dropped. Her daughter had apparently known Tenchi for
quite some time. Why had he forgotten her? She immediately turned back to
her computer to do some quick calculations.

  At lunch everyone kept talking about the albums. Nobiyuki basked in their
thanks and appreciation. Ryoko smiled and said, "Nobiyuki despite everything
else, you are realy good with that cammera." Mihoshi and Kyonei blushed.
Kyonei looked at Nobiyuki and said, "Yes, me and Mihoshi want to talk to you
about some of those later." Ayeaka smiled and said, "Yes, I must agree. 
There
was only one flaw in mine. Somehow your cammera managed not to break
when you took Ryoko's picture."
  Ryoko growled and looked at her with glowing red eyes. Sasami beat
her to it though, "Now sister that was mean. Now appologize to Ryoko this
instant." Ayeaka stuck up her nose and looked away, "I'll do no such thing."
Ryoko got up from he table and flew out of the room. Sasami felt bad that 
her
sister had insulted Ryoko again, but she would have felt worse if she had
noticed the tears that fell on the floor in her passing.

  Tenchi arrived home at about sunset. He was a bit suprised that Ryoko 
hadn't
latched onto him at the door, but was a bit relieved. He made it to his room
and lay down on his bed. After a minute he remembered his album and reached
to pick it up off the dresser. He leafed through it and smiled at the 
different
pictures. He'd almost forgotten the games he used to play by the cave with
his imaginary people.
  He reached the end of the book and noticed something odd. There had not
been one picture of Ryoko. He flipped through again. There was Mihoshi,
Kyonei, Sasami, Ryo-oki, his dad, grandpa, and most especialy Ayeaka. But
not a one of Ryoko. Looking closer he noticed a partialy torn page. Sighing 
he
shook his head, "Ayeaka." He got up and walked out to the living room.
Maybe someone else would have the other pictures.
  As he came down the stairs Washu's door opened and the red haired 
scientist
peeked out. Tenchi smiled and said, "Hey Washu, my album seems to have
gotten damaged. Can I take a look at your's?" Washu smiled and nodded, then
her face turned deadly serious. "Actualy Tenchi, there was something in it 
that
I think you should see." She grabbed Tenchi by his shirt and pulled him into 
the
lab.

  Ayeaka sat back and smiled at the picture in her hand. She was sure she 
had
head Tenchi say her name earlier and she took that as a good sign. Turning 
the
page she looked at Tenchi playing by the cave. The thoughts of the time 
Ryoko
had claimed to have been there when Tenchi was young. She looked  and saw
Tenchi bent down over air, with his lips puckered. She grinned and imagined
herself beneith him. She blinked slightly,her inner eyelids briefly flashing 
over
her eyes. In that moment, she gasped and dropped the album.
  She could have sworn she had seen Ryoko there. Shaking her head she
picked it back up and looked again, closing her inner lids. There was Ryoko.
Tenchi's lips seemed to be inside her's like she was a hologram or 
something.
Ayeaka quickly flipped the pages. In each of the pictures by the cave was
Ryoko. Standing on a rock, dancing with Tenchi, all of them. "No, it...it's 
a
trick!" Ayeaka was virtualy paniking. Trick or not if Tenchi saw Ryoko in 
those
pictures Ayeaka's chances with him would be ruined.
  Ayeaka ran out of her room and straight to Tenchi's. She knocked quietly 
on
hi his door and when he didn't answer she snuck in. She saw the album laying
next to his bed. She knew that Fnaho and Yoshi, being mostly human didn't
have the inner eyelids like Juraians, and so might not have seen Ryoko in 
the
pictures. But the pictures themselves might stir up things Ayeaka felt were 
best
forgotten... even if it was just a trick. It had to be.
  She quickly ripped out the pages with the shrine on then and ran back to 
her
room. Now she wouldn't have to worry about it unless... "Sasami!"

  Mihoshi and Kyonei looked through Nobiyuki's closet for any sign of the
pictures. They had found porn magazine upon porn magazine, but they just
couldn't couldn't find the damn pictures. Suddenly from the doorway a voice
came to them, "Looking for these?" Nobiyuki stood there holding up some
negatves and another photoalbum. He opened it and it showed Mihoshi and
Kyonei on their picnic blanket kissing and pawing eachother.Kyonei blushed
and grabbed them away from him, "Tell anyone about this and I'll launchi you
out of Yukanojo's airlock."
  Nobiyuki laughed and both girls ran past him and back to their room. 
Kyonei
sat down on her bed and sighed with relief. Mihoshi lay on her own bed and
turned towards the wall. After afew minutes Kyonei heard a small wimper
come from Mihoshi's bed. "Mihoshi, are you alright?" She walked over and put
her hand on Mihoshi's shoulder. Mihoshi looked at Kyonei's hand for a minute
and then pulled away, red eyed with tears down he cheeks. "What's wrong
Mihoshi?" Kyonei asked. Mihoshi rolled over and looked at her, "You don't
love me."
  Kyonei bit her lip and blushed, "Yes I do Mihoshi, you know that." Mihoshi
looked away again, "Then you are embarrased and I'm not sure that is'nt
worse." Kyonei shook her head in disbelief, "Mihoshi, what do you..." 
Mihoshi
interupted her, "I think it's pretty clear what I mean." Mihoshi sit up and 
looked
directly into Kyonei's eyes, "I love you Kyonei. I want to be with you more
than anything else in this world. But not if that's not what you want." 
Mihoshi
sobbed again and looked down. Kyonei too began to cry, "I love you too
Mihoshi. I just..." Mihoshi reached up and put a hand on Kyonei's cheek. 
"You
what Kyonei?" Kyonei held Mihoshi's hand tight to her, "I never loved anyone
before and I never thought it would happen with another girl. Do you know
what my parent's were like Mihoshi?" Mihoshi shook her head and waited for
Kyonei to continue. "They tried to arrange marriages for me, pushing me at 
one
boy after another. Telling me to give them a grandson so they could pass the
company onto him. On the world I come from men are in charge. That's why I
ran away and joined the GP. I just had to get out of there and show them I 
was
as good as they were..." Mihoshi pulled Kyonei into her lap and hugged her
close. Petting Kyonei's hair she said, "Kyonei, you are way better than they
are. You have nothing to prove to anyone Kyonei." Kyonei looked up at her
and smiled, "You realy think so?" Mihoshi nodded. Kyonei leaned forward
slowly and kissed Mihoshi. Mihoshi kissed back, playing with Kyonei's 
tongue.
When they broke apart they were both smiling.
  "Kyonei, I'm sorry. I won't forse you to tell..." Kyonei put a finger on
Mihoshi's lips. "No Mihoshi, you were right. I need to get over this or 
we'll
never be happy." Mihoshi smiled and hugged her. "You know Kyonei, those
pictures Nobiyuki took have given me an idea." Kyonei looked up and saw
Mihoshi's eyes sparkle. "Think we have time for some fun before dinner?"
  Kyonei nodded and reached under Mihoshi's shirt and unhooked her bra. It
came off remarkably easily. Mihoshi smiled and tried to give Kyonei the same
treatment only to find that she wasn't wearing one. Kyonei giggled at 
Mihoshi's
suprised expression. "Oh you think it's funny huh?" Kyonei nodded and jumped
away, "What do you think you can do about it Miz Mihoshi." Mihoshi grinned
and started towards her, "I'm afraid that First Class detective Kyonei may 
need
some disipline." Kyonei raised her head, "Why Mihoshi I had no idea you were
into S&M." Mihoshi looked at her confused and then threw a pillow at
Kyonei's head, "You're worse than Nobiyuki!"
  Kyonei ducked the pillow and turned back to Mihoshi, only to get another
pillow in the face. Kyonei gasped and smiled, grabbing her own pillow. "So 
it's
a fight you want huh?" Mihoshi grinned and said, "Yeah! And I'll kick your
butt!" They both began hitting eachother and laughing histricaly. Kyonei
accidentaly ripped Mihoshi's shirt. Mihoshi bit her lip and grinned, "Ok, if 
that's
the way you want to play it." Kyonei's eyes widdend, "What? Wait, no!" Then
she burst out laughing as Mihoshi ripped her shirt off. Kyonei growled and 
tore
Mihoshi's the rest of the way off. Then did the same to her pants. By the 
end of
it they both lay naked and covered in feathers.
  Mihoshi crawled over and kissed Kyonei again, leaning her back. Kyonei
moaned. Then she began kissing her way down Mihoshi's neck. Mihoshi put
her head back and gasped when Kyonei nipped on her collar bone. "Ooo, that
felt good Kyonei, do it again!" Kyonei continued (At this point the author
wishes to appologize for this. I guarentee the story will not end with the 
sex, this
just kind of happened.) to kiss Mihoshi's neck. Mihoshi reached down and
began squeazing Kyonei's breast and working the nipple between her fingers.
  Kyonei gasped and pressed against Mihoshi. Looking up she kissed Mihoshi
on the mouth and began rubbing her vagina against Mihoshi's. They both
moaned and shivered. Suddenly they broke apart and moaned as they both
reached their climax. Kyonei and Mihoshi broke separated but kept kissing
eachother. Finaly they both looked into the other's eyes and said, "I love 
you."
(The author thanks you for hanging around. Then again if you weren't looking
for a good lemon you wouldn't have found this anyway. Atleast I managed an
actual story right?)

  Down in Washu's lab Tenchi stared in amazement. Under Washu's lighting he
could see himself as a young boy... and Ryoko. "Washu, what does this mean?
How could Ryoko have been there when I was little? She was still locked up 
in
the cave." Washu smiled, "I did a study of Yosho's containment facility. It 
is
a brilliant piece of work, but it did neglect to take one of Ryoko's 
abilities into
account. Astral projection." Tenchi frowned, "You mean like leaving your 
body
and stuff?" Washu nodded, "Yes, exactly. I also believe that Ryoko spending
so much time watching you in her astral form was what allowed her body to
dehydrate to the point at which you saw in the cave." Tenchi looked back at
the picture of him kissing Ryoko, the memories of his childhood games
returning. he reached out and pressed his finger to the image.
  "I remember this. I was pretending to rescue the sleeping princess from 
the
castle. I always thought I'd made her up." Washu shook her head. "Nope. She
was there all right." Tenchi bit his lip in growing horror. "When I saw her 
in the
cave, she... she was trying to kiss me." Tears fell from his cheeks onto 
Washu's
equiment. "Hey, watch it Tenchi that is fragile equipment." Tenchi stepped 
back
and wiped away the tears. Unfortunately they were almost immediately 
replace.
"I'm sorry Washu. It's just that she waited so long and when we finaly met I 
not
only ran away, but I hurt her with the sword. No wonder she attacked me at
the school. I... I have to talk with her!" He turned to leave only to be 
stopped
by Washu's hand holding his shirt. "Tenchi, what exactly do you plan to say 
to
my daughter? Let alone Ayeaka?" Tenchi stopped and looked back at her. "I
don't know Washu. But... I have to say something." Washu nodded and
pressed a button on her computer. A chair appeared for Tenchi to sit in. He
sat and looked at her. "Tenchi, as you know Ryoko and Ayeaka both have
strong feelings for you. I too have some feelings for you Tenchi, but I know
that I am just a bit too old for you." They both smiled at that. "And 
despite my
actions, I do care about my daughter. Now I want to know exactly how you
feel about both her and Ayeaka." Tenchi took a deep breath, "Well Ayeaka is
the easy one. Like the rest of you, I see her as family. I love you all like 
sisters.
But Ryoko... I'm not sure how I feel about her. I just know sometimes she
scares me and other times..." He looked at the album, "...Other times I 
can't
picture my life without her. It's just she gets so pushy when Ayeaka is 
around.
I'm not sure how I feel about her because I never felt this way about 
anyone."
  Washu nodded. Just as she suspected. "Tenchi, nobody is perfect... even I
have my flaws so wipe that smirk off your face! I tried to build my daughter 
to
be perfect, but Kagato took much of that away. I used to think that one day
she might become like him. But then she found you. Without you she has
nothing else Tenchi. Ayeaka still has family, but she doesn't even see me as 
her
realy mother." Washu's voice cracked slightly. Tenchi put a hand on her
shoulder. Washu's form blurred, almost appearing to be two people at once.
Tenchi recognized Washu's adult form. "Washu, are... are you alright?" Washu
shook her head, "No Tenchi I'm not alright. In my life I have had two 
children
taken from me. First my son and then my daughter. I used to think that by
being a child myself I could avoid the hurt and pain of the world. But it 
didn't
work Tenchi. It wasn't enough!" Washu put her face onto Tenchi's shoulder
and he rubbed her head. (Don't worry, though I think it might be kinda cute,
Washu doesn't have sex with him) Tenchi hugged her tight as her form settled
on the adult version.
  "Washu, I don't know what to say. I can't help you with this except to 
say...
maybe you should tell Ryoko this too." Washu smiled up at him, "Well it's a
little late for that Tenchi." Tenchi looked down at her. "What do you mean?"
Washu sat back and crossed her legs. "She heard every word through our
mind link." Tenchi's jaw dropped. "You mean everything I said she... Washu
how could you?" Tenchi jumped up and ran out the door. In her mind Washu
sighed, "I was afraid that might happen." Ryoko spoke in her mind, "You
shoouldn't have done this Washu." Washu raised an eyebrow, "Why not? You
know we both meant every word we said." Ryoko sighed in her mind and
said, "That's why you shouldn't have done it Mom." The link terminated and
Washu was left alone in her lab once again.

  Ayeaka was in her room when she heard Tenchi run up the stairs. She
peeked out and saw him dash past and into his room. After a minute of
indecision she followed him. Knockign softly on his room door she
asked, "Lord Tenchi? What happened? Are you alright?" Inside the room she
could hear heavy breathing and crying. Finaly he answered, "I'm fine Ayeaka.
Please... I just need some time alone." Ayeaka almost spoke again, but let 
her
voice be cut off in her throat. She turned and with a final glance back, she 
went
back to her room.
  Tenchi lay on his bed, tears staining the pillow. He knew he shouldn't be 
too
upset with Washu. He just wished she had let him tell Ryoko what he wanted
to say face to face. "Tenchi?" He buried his face in the pillow and yelled 
back
at the voice, "Ayeaka I said I don't want to talk right now." He felt a hand 
on
his shoulder, "It's not Ayeaka." He turned and saw Ryoko standing there. He
tried to meet her eyes, but couldn't. "Tenchi, I am sorry. I didn't know 
Washu
was going to do that." He nodded but kept his face buried in the pillow. 
Ryoko
stepped back from his bed, "If you want me to I'll leave." She turned away 
and
started to phase through the wall, when she felt a hand on her wrist. "No
Ryoko. Please... I need to tell you something anyway." Ryoko sat down on the
bed next to him, waiting for him to continue. "Ryoko I need to say I'm 
sorry."
  "Tenchi, you don't have anyhing to appologize for. It wasn't your fault 
you
forgot me. It's not your fault that I scare you." Ryoko bit her lip. Tenchi
reached forward and turned her head towards his, "Ryoko you don't scare me.
You used to but not anymore. I think it was my grandfather's stories that 
were
what scared me the most." Ryoko smiled and nodded. "My trying to kill you
when we met didn't exactly help though did it?" He smiled and shook his 
head.
  "No, I guess not. But that was my fault too. When we first met you didn't 
try
to kill me. You tried to kiss me." Ryoko's breath caught in her throat. "You
know?" Tenchi nodded. "Yes. Washu showed me the pictures... reminded me
about our game." Ryoko lay back on the bed and looked at the ceiling. "I 
know
Tenchi. You used to save me from the castle... the cave in my case. Who
would have thought that one day you would save me for real?" Tenchi smiled
down at her. "I know what you mean Ryoko. Dr.Clay, Kagato..." He stopped
when Ryoko flinched at that name. "Ryoko, why didn't you ever tell me that
you had been there this whole time?"
  Ryoko closed her eyes, "I guess because when I told Ayeaka she laughed at
me." Tenchi bit his tongue. Ofcourse Ayeaka wouldn't take Ryoko seriously in
something like this. He shook his head. This had to stop. "Ryoko, never keep
anything like this from me again, promise?" Ryoko sucked on her lip but
nodded, "Alright Tenchi. I promise." Ryoko lay there in silence for a minute
before she noticed something odd. She felt warm breath on her lips. Inhaling
she smelled Tenchi just above her. She let go of her lip and said, 
"T-Tenchi?"
Tenchi ran a hand down her face, her eyes still closed, "Shh Ryoko. Please 
just
let me do this." Ryoko kept her eyes closed, her bottom lip trembling 
slightly.
She nodded almost imperceptibly.
  Suddenly she felt something press against her lips and everything else 
left her.
Opening her eyes she saw Tenchi's eyes looking back at her. She felt his 
arms
wrap around her and allowed hers to hold him. She felt his tongue push 
against
her lips and parted her mouth ever so slightly. Tenchi's tongue slid into 
her
mouth and hers slid into his. Ryoko moaned slightly and held him closer. 
When
they separated he smiled down and she smiled up. "So, you are finaly awake?"
Ryoko nodded, "You have your princess now Tenchi. You have me. Always
have..." "Always will." He finished for her.
  Ryoko smiled, tears dripping down her face, "Is that a promise Tenchi. Now
and always?" Tenchi nodded and kissed the tears from her cheeks. "I mean it
Ryoko. I'm only sorry I didn't admit it to myself before now." Ryoko pulled 
him
into another deep kiss. As she did she also lifted a leg and wrapped it 
around
him, pressing his waist into her. He broke the kiss and looked at her 
worriedly.
"Ryoko, are you sure about this. I don't want to go to far." Ryoko let out 
an
exasperated sigh, "Tenchi, you've said you love me. Now I want you to show
it. And I want you to let me show you too. Please Tenchi." Looking down into
her eyes Tenchi was lost in them. Finaly everything he had ever wanted he 
found
in those eyes. He slowly nodded.
  Ryoko ran her hands down his back, wraping them around her waist above
her leg. She unzipped his pants and slid them down. Tenchi started lifting 
her
shirt off and stopped. "I don't want to ruin this moment with another nose 
bleed
Ryoko. But I also don't want you to ever think that I don't love you." Ryoko
laughed at his indecision. "Then I'll just have to divert the blood to 
somwhere
else." She pulled down his underwear and slowly rubbed his dick. Tenchi
shivered at her touch as he stiffened. Ryoko phased out of her clothes and
pulled Tenchi's shirt off.
  Once that was done she leaned forward and kissed his earlobe, stopping to
nibble on it. "Oh Ryoko..." (Author appologizes one last time, mostly for 
the
clich'e responce. I'm just not used to writing this sex stuff.)
Ryoko smiled up at him, "My Tenchi, my hero." They kissed
eachother again, Tenchi's penis sliding agains her crotch, rubbing her 
neither
lips causing them both the groan. Ryoko slowly pressed herself down onto 
him,
after making sure Washu was not listening in. Tenchi kissed his way down her
neck, trying to do to her what she had to him. Suddenly his inward thrust 
was
blocked. Ryoko wimpered slightly in pain and he stopped, "Ryoko you're a
virgin too?" She giggled between gasps, "Don't sound so suprised Tenchi. 
It's
not like I've had the opportunity. But don't worry. The pain will be gone in 
a
momment." Tenchi bit his lip and prepared to slide in when Ryoko slammed
herself onto him. Tears of pain filled her eyes briefly as she locked her 
legs
around Tenchi.
  After afew minutes Ryoko and Tenchi both began moving again, in and out.
The feelings they both had seemed to partly come from eachother. Tenchi was
a frst suprised, but then realized that this wasn't the first time it had 
happend.
Whne Ryoko had been kidnapped by Dr.Clay he had felt something similar.
"Ryoko, do you feel that?" She nodded and kissed him again. Tenchi lay
across her and felt her breasts rub against him. Finaly he felt something 
let go
inside him, and he released it into Ryoko. At the same time Ryoko felt 
Tenchi's
climax and started her own. "Tenchi!"

  Ayeaka sat on the couch watching television. After her failed attempt to 
talk
to Tenchi she had decided to vegitate for a while. From the kitchen Sasami 
was
almost done with dinner. Ayeaka had come down earlier and said that she
didn't want Sasami to show Tenchi any of the pictures in her album. Sasami
had asked if it had anything to do with Ryoko and Ayeaka had just made her
promise. "Hey Ayeaka, could you go get Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kyonei
for dinner?" Ayeaka sighed. "And just when it was getting to the good part."
  She passed Tenchi's room and pressed her ear against the door. She heard
him groan and decided that she'd wait to get him last, so he'd have more 
time.
Next she climbed up to Mihoshi and Kyonei's room, knocking quietly. From
inside she heard a scrambling sound, "Mihoshi, Kyonei! It's time for 
dinner."
Kyoeni's face popped out the door. She had lipstick prints all over her face
and her hair was a mess. Ayeaka sniffed slightly and smelled something odd.
"Kyonei are you alright?" Kyonei blushed and nodded, "Never better princess.
Just give us some time to get dressed and we'll be right down."
  Ayeaka smiled and said, "Alright." Then turned and left. For some reason 
she
couldn't even guess at what they were actualy doing. Somewhere in Ayeaka's
primmed and proper mind she felt there was a logical explanation and either
way it wasn't her problem. Walking back down the hall she stopped at 
Tenchi's
room and knocked quietly. When she didn't get a responce she quietly opened
the door, "Tenchi?"
  The next few minutes seemed to freeze. Then Ayeaka screamed. "Ryoko get
off of lord Tenchi. What do you think you are doing to him." Tenchi 
stuttered
and tried to think of something to say. Ryoko just grit her teeth and finaly 
siad
something, "If you must know princess, we were having sex." Ayeaka covered
her mouth and laughed, "How could you make up something so foolish Ryoko?
My mother explained sex to me when I was a little girl. It isn't nearly as 
sloppy
as all this. Where are the clouds and rain? Hmm? Answer that one."
  Tenchi and Ryoko looked at her in shock, then at eachother, then at her 
again.
Tenchi raised an eyebrow, "Um, Ayeaka, I'm sorry you had to find out this
way, but you hinestly don't know that..?" Ayeaka gasped, "You mean this, 
this
disgusting act... that's what sex is? What love is?" Ryoko and Tenchi nodded
and she said, "Partly yes. Not like brother-sister stuff but yeah, 
basicaly."
Ayeaka's eyes widdend and she shudderd, "In that case Miss Ryoko... You
are quite welcome to him." Ayeaka shivered again and ran out of the room.
  Ryoko let out a snort of laughter, "Well I guess that kind of kills the 
mood.
Shall we go to dinner now Tenchi?" He turned to her aghast, then smiled and
nodded. "Yeah, I am kinda hingry."

  At dinner Sasami was fairly sure something was up. Ayeaka kept her eyes
down at her plate, refusing to eat. Ryoko and Tenchi kept looking at 
eachother
and smiling. So did Mihoshi and Kyonei. Kyonei still had a lipstick print on 
her
cheek, having decided to let everyone work things out on their own. Sasami,
who had been reading Japaneas comics and watching anime had a faily good
idea about what was going on. But what she couldn't figure out was why
Washu was suddenly an adult. Finaly she decided to try the direct approach.
  "What the heck happened today?" She asked. Washu smiled, "I think I can
answer that. I have made up with Ryoko." Sasami grinned. "Realy? That's
wonderful? Is that why Tenchi and Ryoko had sex?" Everybody choked on
their food, except Ayeaka who hadn't eaten any. She almost swallowed her
tongue. Tenchi looked at Sasami, "Um... how did you know about that?"
  Sasami giggled, "I didn't until you told me." Tenchi and Ryoko blushed a 
deep
red. Sasami then turned her attention to a stunned Mihoshi and Kyonei. "You
two too?" They nodded a little sheepishly. Sasami laughed, then looked at
Ayeaka. "What's wrong sis?" Ayeaka looked at Sasami and shuddered. "I
walked in on them doing something... unpleasant." Ryoko grinned and shook
her head, "Well now I wouldn't say that." Ayeaka shook her head, "How even
you could get pleasure from something like that... And Sasami, you knew 
about
THAT?" Sasami nodded, "Please Ayeaka, everybody knows about that. Don't
tell me you don't..." She burst out laughing again, along with Ryoko.
  Meanwhile Nobiyuki was buisy trying not to have a heart attack, while 
Yosho
and Ryo-oki calmly continued dinner. Suddenly Nobiyuki jumper up and ran
for his cammera. He came back and held it up. "Everybody say 'Cheese'!"
They all urned to him. Yosho, Sasami, and Ryoko said, "Cheese." Ryo-oki
said, "Myah." Everyone else just stared.

The end

Author's note

  Ayeaka chews her way through the gag, "What was that? You are one sick
person you know that?" The author nods, "I know." Ayeaka squirms in her
chair, "You gave Tenchi to Ryoko AGAIN! You had Mihoshi and Kyonei
togewther AGAIN! And you misspelled my name AGAIN! Do you have an
original bone in your body? When I get out of here I intend to burn your
computer and pop out your eyes so you can never do something like this to
sweat little me again!" The gag reappears. "You know princess, your lucky
you got off so easily. No if you don't mind I have to post this on the site 
so
Washu can make it happen."
  Oh, just so you know this is a lemon so you probably shouldn't have read 
it.
I didn't start out that way. It just kind of... happened. If you don't like 
it I'm
sorry and give you full permission to re-write it however you see fit. If 
you did
like it email your responce to clayton_n@hotmail.com
