Tenchi Muyo!  and all of the characters in this fan
fiction are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I own nothing,
except for the story.  Please, don't sue me!

Sorry for the long delay in writing this fic.

*********************************************************

PINK - part three

written by: jim jurai

*****

Tenchi's Room...

Tenchi was lying on his bed crying into his tear soaked 
pillow.  "My dad hates me," Tenchi wailed.  "He thinks 
I'm a little pussy."

Knock Knock Knock...  Sasami tapped on Tenchi's bedroom 
door.  "Tenchi, I've come to get your breakfast tray."

Tenchi quickly dried his tears.  "Come in, Sasami," 
Tenchi murmured.

"Hi Tenchi," Sasami smiled as she entered the room.  "Oh 
NO!  What happened?"  Sasami gasped when she noticed 
Tenchi's bacon and eggs on the floor.

"Ryoko," Tenchi sighed.  This one word answer was 
sufficient for Sasami to understand.

***

Ayeka & Sasami's Room...

Princess Ayeka was very busy fitting into her brand new 
dress, which she had purchased in order to entice Tenchi.  
"I shall demonstrate my love for Lord Tenchi," Ayeka 
thought to herself as she gazed into a mirror.  "I will 
do whatever it takes to win Tenchi, even if my moral 
values are sacrificed in the process.  Hopefully my 
training in the arts of seduction will serve me well."

***

Tenchi's Room...

"Sasami, you don't have to clean up that mess," Tenchi 
insisted.

"I don't mind, Tenchi," Sasami replied.  The young 
princess got on her knees, and began cleaning the floor.  

"Thank you," Tenchi said as he stared at Sasami's cute 
little butt.  "What am I doing?"  Tenchi thought to 
himself.

"You haven't eaten anything all day have you Tenchi?"  
Sasami looked over her shoulder at Tenchi as she picked 
the strips of bacon up off the floor.

"No," Tenchi said while placing his hand over his empty 
stomach.

"I'll go fix you something new to eat," Sasami grinned.

"That would be nice," Tenchi smiled.  "I'm starving."

Knock Knock Knock...  Ayeka tapped on Tenchi's bedroom 
door.  "Excuse me Lord Tenchi, but I must speak with 
you," Ayeka announced.

"Come in, Lady Ayeka," Tenchi answered.

"Oh Sasami, I didn't know you were visiting with Lord 
Tenchi," Ayeka was disappointed when she saw her little 
sister.

"WOW!"  Sasami smiled.  "Where did you get that terrific 
outfit?"

"I'll tell you later," Ayeka blushed.  "I would like to 
speak with Lord Tenchi in private."

"But I'm cleaning Tenchi's room," Sasami pouted.

"Sasami, Please!"  Ayeka growled.

"Okay," Sasami stood up and walked toward the door.  
"I'll be back later with a very special dinner for you 
Tenchi."

"Thank you, Sasami," Ayeka whispered to her sister as she 
left the room.  "Finally, I'm all alone with Lord 
Tenchi."

"What do you want to speak to me about, Lady Ayeka?"  
Tenchi became very nervous when he noticed Ayeka's sexy 
outfit.

Ayeka couldn't help but chuckle when she looked at 
Tenchi's pink leg cast.  Not because she liked seeing 
Tenchi in pain, but because she had a perfect opportunity 
to seduce him.

"Is something funny?"  Tenchi asked.  The look on Ayeka's 
face made Tenchi sweat.

"Nothings funny," Ayeka assured the object of her desire.  
"As a matter of fact, I come to you with great 
seriousness."

"Seriousness," Tenchi didn't like the sound of that.  

"Yes," Ayeka replied as she advanced toward Tenchi's bed 
making sure to look extra sexy as she walked.  "How do 
you like my new dress, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka stood next to 
Tenchi's bed and posed seductively.

"It's nice," Tenchi gulped.  "Very silky."

"I bought it just for you Tenchi," Ayeka spoke with a 
passionate voice.  "Can I tell you a secret Lord Tenchi?"

"Yea," Tenchi began to shiver.

Ayeka bent over and giggled into Tenchi's ear, "I'm not 
wearing any panties."

"You're not," Tenchi muttered and his nose began to 
bleed.

"Oh Tenchi, let me get something for that," Ayeka ran to 
the bathroom to get a tissue.

***

The Masaki Shrine Steps...

A very exhausted Noboyuki slowly climbed up the winding 
stairway, which led to the Masaki Shrine.  "Dang, I'm 
tired," Noboyuki grunted out of breathe.  "How the hell 
does Yosho climb up and down this hill every day."  After 
finally reaching the top, Noboyuki collapsed onto the 
ground gasping for air.

***

The Masaki Shrine...

"Let me see that," Kiyone said as she put her pants on 
and grabbed the tape which Ryoko was holding.  "There's a 
VCR in the shrine."  

Mihoshi and Ryoko followed the very upset galaxy 
policewoman into the shrine.  "This is going to be good!"  
Ryoko chuckled mischievously.

Yosho cautiously crept from his hiding place after the 
girls disappeared into the shrine.  "Oh man, I think I'll 
get the hell out of this damn place.  There's no telling 
what might be on that tape."  Just at that moment, Yosho 
noticed Noboyuki lying on the ground next to the shrine 
steps.  Yosho ran over to his son-in-law to get 
information.

Noboyuki was still exhausted from the climb when Yosho 
helped him to his feet.  "Listen Noboyuki," Yosho shook 
his son-in-law.  "What's on that tape that Ryoko gave to 
Kiyone?"

"I don't know what you're talking about old man," 
Noboyuki insisted.  "But I have one hell of a good secret 
to tell you about Tenchi."

"We don't have time to talk about the dumb ass son of 
yours.  Ryoko had a tape that she wanted Kiyone and 
Mihoshi to see for some reason," Yosho explained 
excitedly.  "You haven't been making home movies again 
have you?"

"Don't worry old man," Noboyuki finally had enough 
strength to stand on his own two feet without Yosho's 
assistance.  

"What's on that tape?"  Yosho questioned.

"All I know is," Noboyuki spoke as he dusted his clothes.  
"The last home movie that I made is broken."

***

Tenchi's Room...

Tenchi lay nervously in his bed, "Oh crap, what the heck 
is Ayeka up to?  If it wasn't for this cast I would get 
the hell out of this damn place."  Tenchi pulled the 
covers up to his chin, "She probably knows about my 
secret."  Tenchi began to shiver, "I shouldn't have taken 
them!"

Ayeka suddenly appeared at the doorway.  "I need to tell 
you something Tenchi," the princess announced as she 
glided gracefully across the room and reached Tenchi a 
tissue.

Tenchi's hand shook as he tried to wipe his nose.  "What 
do you want to tell me, Lady Ayeka?"  Tenchi shuttered.

"Lord Tenchi," Ayeka spoke softly.  "This is very 
difficult, but I must get it out into the open."

"Oh no," Tenchi began to sweat violently.  "She knows!  I 
wish I could get out of this bed and run."

"Lord Tenchi," Ayeka whispered.  "I love you, I have 
loved you since the first moment I saw you."  Ayeka bowed 
her head, and waited for Tenchi's response.

"That's all," Tenchi let out a sigh of relief.  "Oh boy, 
you really had me scared there for a moment."

Ayeka turned red with rage.  "That's it!  That's the 
response I get from you after spilling my heart out."

"Why are you so upset?"  Tenchi was confused.

"I guess my mother was right," Ayeka frowned as she put 
on a more determined appearance.  "Mother always told me 
that there are only two ways for a woman to get a man to 
love her."

Tenchi was startled by Ayeka's new demeanor, "Ayeka, are 
you alright?"

"Yes Tenchi, I'm alright," Ayeka licked her lips as she 
crawled onto Tenchi's bed.  "Because now I know that 
there are only two ways to make you love me.  I either 
fuck you hard or I fuck you harder." 

***

Inside the Masaki Shrine...

Kiyone put the videotape into the VCR and pressed the 
play button.  Ryoko couldn't wait to see the girls' 
reactions.  Both were startled by what they saw on the 
television screen.  

"What in the name of HELL!!!"  Kiyone shouted.

"Oh My!"  Mihoshi placed her hands over her mouth.

Ryoko couldn't help but laugh out loud.  "You girls have 
been keeping me out of the loop.  That looks like some 
good damn fun," Ryoko slapped Mihoshi on the back.  
Mihoshi blushed, while Kiyone erupted in anger.

"That no good fucking piece of slime shit, NOBOYUKI!"  
Kiyone gritted her teeth and clenched her fists.  "No 
wonders He wanted me and Mihoshi to stay in his room, 
while He slept on the couch."

"You know, Kiyone," Ryoko grinned.  "I think I saw 
Noboyuki outside just before we entered the shrine."

Kiyone began to smile, "Go Get Him.  Bring Him to Me."

"And what about Yosho?"  Ryoko asked.

"I'll take care of Yosho later."

Ryoko happily tele-ported from the room, leaving Mihoshi 
and Kiyone with the television.  "Look Kiyone," Mihoshi 
suddenly cheered as she stared at the T.V.  "My pink 
panties are on the floor beside the bed."

"What?"  Kiyone looked at the television.

"Oh no," Mihoshi sobbed.  "I can't see them now, because 
my ass is blocking the view."  Mihoshi walked over to the 
T.V. and got on her knees.  "See, there they are," 
Mihoshi pointed at the screen every time her ass moved.

***

Outside the Masaki Shrine...

"I can tell you one thing," Yosho warned his son-in-law.  
"I'm not getting in trouble for something you've done.  I 
didn't even get to watch the fucking tape."

"Don't worry," Noboyuki grinned.  "The tape they're 
watching probably doesn't have anything to do with us.  
It's probably footage from the camera Washu secretly 
installed in Tenchi's room."

Yosho was surprised, "Washu has spy cameras?"

"Where do you think I got the camera that's in my room," 
Noboyuki replied.

"Interesting!"  Ryoko suddenly appeared out of thin air 
and grabbed Noboyuki by the shirt collar.

"Holy Shit and Damn!"  Yosho shouted when he saw the cyan 
haired demoness.  "I'm getting the blue HELL out of 
here!"  Yosho ran into the forest as fast as his feet 
would carry him.  

"Father!"  Noboyuki cried.  "Don't leave me.  !!PLEASE!!"

"Quiet!"  Ryoko commanded.  "Now why don't you tell me 
all about this Washu spy camera business."

"!!!OH CRAP!!!"  Noboyuki sweat dropped.

***

In the Kitchen...

Princess Sasami was busy making a very special dinner for 
Tenchi when Washu suddenly appeared.  "Sasami," Washu 
interrupted.  "Have you seen Ryoko?  I need a guinea pig 
for my latest experiment."

"I haven't seen Ryoko since she took the video tape that 
you fixed for me, Miss Washu?"  Sasami answered while 
continuing with her work.

"So Ryoko has the video tape.  No time to worry about 
that," Washu mumbled to herself.  "I must hurry and find 
a substitute, or else my experiment won't work.  I can't 
get Tenchi into my lab with his injury, and I can't find 
Ryoko."  Washu glanced in the direction of the young 
princess, "No, out of the question.  She's much to young 
and helpless."

"Miya, Miya, Miya..," Ryo-ohki sang happily as she ate a 
big juicy carrot underneath the kitchen table.

"Well, well, well," Washu smiled as she looked underneath 
the table.  "You should work perfectly!"

***

Tenchi's Room...

Ayeka pressed her voluptuous boobs against Tenchi's bare 
chest.  "Do you like that?"  Ayeka kissed Tenchi on the 
lips.

"Ayeka, Please!"  Tenchi squirmed.  "What's got into 
you?"

Ayeka stared at Tenchi with a smile, "I'm making the 
first move."  Ayeka grabbed Tenchi's zipper.

"No Ayeka, Stop!"  Tenchi screamed and swung his arm to 
slap the princess.

Ayeka caught Tenchi's hand, "I am wary of your tactics 
Lord Tenchi.  My determination shall not be hindered by 
your efforts to stop me."

"Oh shit," Tenchi gulped.

Ayeka unzipped Tenchi's pants and forcefully pulled them 
down to his knees.  Ayeka was shocked by what she saw.  
"Oh my!"  Ayeka gasped as she crawled backwards off the 
bed.  

"Oh no," Tenchi began to cry.

Ayeka slowly stepped away from the bed and fell to her 
knees.  "I can't believe.  You're wearing...," Ayeka 
murmured before passing out on the floor.

***

The Masaki Shrine...

"Will you turn that shit off," Kiyone yelled at her 
partner.

"But Kiyone," Mihoshi whimpered.  "There are my pink 
panties lying on the floor.  Can't I just look at them 
for a little while longer, besides maybe the tape will 
show what happened to them."

Kiyone turned her back to the T.V. and rubbed the side of 
her head with her hand.  "You can at least press the mute 
button," Kiyone commanded.  "Where the fuck is Ryoko and 
that puddle of frog piss Noboyuki."

"Here the fuck we are," Ryoko appeared out of thin air 
holding Noboyuki upside down by the feet.

"Put me down!"  Noboyuki cried in terror.  Ryoko dropped 
the perverted patriarch on his head.  "OUCH!"  Noboyuki 
sobbed.

Kiyone walked over to the cowering middle-aged man, and 
pressed her foot against his testicles.  "So you don't 
mind sleeping on the couch, while Mihoshi and I spend the 
night in your room," Kiyone gritted her teeth as she 
applied pressure to Noboyuki's sensitive area.  "I ought 
to twist it off at the root and hang it out to dry!"  
Kiyone twisted her foot back and forth with great force.

"Hate to leave in the middle of so much fun," Ryoko 
interrupted.  "But I have to speak with Washu," Ryoko 
tele-ported from the room.

"Okay, Mister Pervert," Kiyone grabbed Noboyuki by the 
shirt collar and lifted him up from the floor.  "Do you 
mind explaining this tape?"

Noboyuki nervously looked at the television screen.  
Without thinking Noboyuki began to smile, "My tape!  
Someone fixed my tape!  How wonderful!"

Kiyone was not impressed by this expression of joy.  The 
galaxy policewoman threw the happy porn lover into the 
corner of the room.  "Stop grinning, or I'll bust a cap 
in your sorry ass!"

"Look Kiyone!"  Mihoshi shouted with excitement as she 
grabbed the VCR remote control and pressed the rewind 
button.  "Someone stole my pink panties."

"What are you talking about this time, Airhead?"  Kiyone 
was annoyed with her ditzy partner and her pink panty 
obsession.

"Just look," Mihoshi pressed the play button.  At the 
edge of the screen a hand appeared and grabbed the pink 
panties that were lying on the bedroom floor.

Kiyone scratched her chin.  "That looked like the hand of 
a very young man.  That means that only one person could 
have taken Mihoshi's pink panties."  Kiyone walked over 
to her blonde partner, "Do you still have the panties 
that you took away from me?"

"Yes," Mihoshi answered as she reached the pink panties 
to Kiyone.

"Okay, you lust consumed prick bastard," Kiyone stood 
over a terrified Noboyuki.  "Where did Yosho get these 
pink panties?  I know that you are some how responsible."  
Kiyone threw the panties onto Noboyuki's lap.

Noboyuki examined the panties carefully.  "These panties 
belonged to my wife, Achika."

"You had me wearing a dead woman's panties!"  Kiyone 
exploded.

***

Tenchi's Room...

"Tenchi, its dinnertime," Sasami announced as she entered 
the room.

Tenchi was cowering underneath his blanket, but once he 
heard the word dinner Tenchi joyfully poked his head out 
from under the sheets.  "Thank you, Sasami," Tenchi's 
mouth watered.  Tenchi grabbed the tray from Sasami's 
hands and started eating in a mad rush.

"You were really hungry, weren't you Tenchi," Sasami 
laughed.

"Yup," Tenchi mumbled between bites.

Sasami was about to leave the room when she noticed Ayeka 
curled up in a fetal position in the corner of the room.
"Oh no, not again," Sasami gasped.  "Ayeka, are you alright?"

"Pink panties," Ayeka spoke while unconscious.  "Wearing 
pink panties."

"Tenchi, What happened to Ayeka?"  Sasami asked.

"Can't talk, eating," Tenchi grumbled with a full mouth.

"I had better go and get Washu," Sasami said as she 
exited the room.

***

In the Forest, Next to the Masaki Estate...

Yosho was busy hacking his way through the dense forest 
undergrowth.  "Dang, those anime babes are freaking 
psycho," Yosho perspired as He swung his wooden training 
sword, and knocked over the tall weeds, which blocked his 
path.  "I'm staying away from the shrine for a couple of 
days, and give everyone enough time to settle down.  This 
is all Noboyuki's fault."

***

Washu's Lab... 

"Don't fret, this isn't going to hurt," Washu consoled 
Ryo-ohki as she placed a metal collar around the cabbit's 
neck.  "Not much anyway," Washu quipped as she attached a 
very heavy chain to the collar.

"Miya," Ryo-ohki squirmed because of the discomfort that 
the collar caused.

"Okay, that should be sufficient enough," Washu said as 
she pressed a button, which caused a transparent energy 
shield to surround Ryo-ohki.  "Now all I have to do is 
pull this lever."

"What do you think your doing, Washu?"  A voice suddenly 
interrupted.

"Just as I promised," Washu chuckled.  "I'm pulling the 
plug on your lemony aspirations."

"Yeah right," the voice spoke with a sarcastic tone.

"Yeah right, is damn right," Washu laughed hysterically.  
"You loose KAGATO!"

"What?  How the hell?"  Kagato was in a state of shock, 
"How do you know all of this?  How did you discover my 
identity?"

"No time for the third degree," Washu wrapped her fingers 
around the lever. 

"Washu," Ryoko suddenly interrupted the scientist before 
she could pull the lever.  "I have a question for you."

"To many intrusions!"  Washu growled.  "Ryoko, how many 
times do I have to tell you to keep out of my lab," Washu 
frowned as she adjusted her headgear.  "Especially tele-
porting in here unannounced."

"Listen Washu," Ryoko replied.  "I just found out that 
you keep spy camera's in Tenchi's bedroom."

"Just cut to the chase and make your point," Washu rolled 
her eyes.

"I want you to hand over the video tapes," Ryoko let out 
a devilish grin.  "I want to see some video footage of 
Tenchi's bare naked ass and other extremities."

"Come here Ryoko," Washu motioned for her daughter to 
come closer.  "I want you to try on my special headgear 
for a moment."

"Sure," Ryoko was a bit confused but played along anyway.  
"If it will get me those Tenchi tapes."

"Don't do it, Ryoko!"  Kagato shouted.  "It's a trap."

"What the hell?"  Ryoko looked around the room.  "I'm 
hearing that damn voice again."

"Put on the cap," Washu insisted.  "Then you can have all 
of my spy camera footage."

"Ryoko, I command you not to put on that cap!"  The voice 
insisted.

Ryoko placed her hands over her face.  "Must not wear 
Washu's special cap."

"Fight it Ryoko," Washu demanded and held up a videotape.  
"Or else, no Tenchi nudity for you."

"Must have spy camera tape," Ryoko couldn't resist the 
tape, so she reached for Washu's special cap.

"Not this one," Washu slapped Ryoko's hand away.  "This 
one," Washu gave Ryoko a different cap, which was lying 
on the lab table.  

"What's so special about these damn caps?"  Ryoko 
grudgingly placed the cap on her head.  "Looks more like 
an iron cooking kettle to me." 

"I admit that they're not very stylish or fashionable.  
However, these caps will give us control over our own 
thoughts and actions," Washu explained.  "Thereby, 
leaving our tormentor powerless."

"Tormentor?"  Ryoko was very confused.

"The voice you just heard belongs to our old fiendish 
nemesis Kagato," Washu informed her clueless daughter.  

"KAGATO!"  Ryoko looked around the room in a panic, 
"Where the hell is he?"

"I see that you have your mind under control now," Washu 
was delighted.

"Where's Kagato?"  Ryoko tele-ported from one end of the 
lab to other searching for the villain.

"You won't find him in here," Washu replied.  "Not yet 
anyway."

"Washu, this sure ain't making a hell of a lot of sense," 
Ryoko crossed her arms and stared at the little genius.

"You will feel differently now that you're wearing the 
special headgear.  You'll feel smarter and less prone to 
perverse thought," Washu explained.  "These caps have a 
special lining filled with sensors and dense amounts of 
lead which neutralizes Kagato's controlling abilities."

"You're saying that Kagato has been controlling all of 
our thoughts and actions," Ryoko was trying to 
understand.  "This headgear that you invented allows you 
and me to think clearly.  Without Kagato's mind control."

"That is correct," Washu smiled.  

"Whatever you say," Ryoko said sarcastically.  "But I 
still want those tapes."

"You'll get the damn tapes," Washu shouted.

"Just one more thing," Ryoko smirked.  "You're forgetting 
something.  Kagato is DEAD!  Dead as a fucking door nail.  
So much for your theory."

"Kagato is working his magic from beyond the grave," 
Washu said as she walked toward the big lever positioned 
in the middle of the lab.  "I'm going to bring him back."

"What? Are you flipping out!"  Ryoko gasped when she 
noticed Ryo-ohki behind the energy shield tied up with a 
collar and chain.  "What are you doing to Ryo-ohki?"

"In order to bring a soul into this reality," Washu spoke 
as she placed her hand on the lever for the second time.  
"There must be a body for that soul to inhabit during its 
visitation."



To Be Continued...

***

Author:  Thanks for reading.

Washu:  You've got to be kidding.  Spy camera tapes, pink 
cotton panties, a cabbit in chains, and iron kettle caps 
that protect the wearer from mind control.  This fic must 
end now!

Author:  Sorry Washu, but this story shall continue.

Washu:  Unquestionably unacceptable. 

E-Mail:  jimjurai@yahoo.com

 




