Tenchi Muyo! and all of the characters in this fan
fiction are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I own nothing,
except for the story.  Please, don't sue me!

warning:  If you are underage, do NOT read this fic! 

**************************************************** 

PINK - part one

written by: jim jurai 

***** 

Beep! Beep! Beep!  Tenchi's digital clock alarmed.
"Damn!"  Tenchi said rubbing his eyes, "Time to go to
school."  Tenchi scratched his balls and slowly got out
of bed. 

"Can I help you with that?"  Ryoko asked as she grabbed
Tenchi's crotch. 

"Are you crazy, and what the hell are you doing in my
room, RYOKO!"  Tenchi shouted, "I warned you not to sneak
in here like that." 

"Oh Tenchi, don't be upset."  Ryoko said playfully, "I
was just helping you get rid of the itch." 

"I'm fine Ryoko," Tenchi answered.  "Now get out while I
change my clothes.  I need to get ready for school." 

"Okay," Ryoko pouted.  "Scratch your own balls for now
on." 

"Gladly," Tenchi replied. 

Ryoko tele-ported through the floor into the kitchen.
Sasami was busy making breakfast for everyone, and Ayeka
was reading a romance novel.  "So there you are devil
woman," Ayeka glared at Ryoko.  "Bothering Tenchi again I
suppose.  Where were you last night, Ryoko?" 

"None of your damn business, Princess Bitch," Ryoko
responded as she sat down at the table and took a sip of
tea. 

"What did you say?"  Ayeka jumped from her chair in a
rage. 

"I said none of your damn business, Princess Bitch,"
Ryoko answered calmly and took another sip of tea. 

"I ought to kick your dumb ass!" Ayeka screamed. 

Mihoshi stepped into the room just as Ryoko was about to
blast the princess.  "Has anyone seen my pink panties and
Sailor Moon t-shirt?"  Mishoshi asked, "I can't find them
anywhere." 

"When did you last see your panties & t-shirt, Mihoshi?"
Sasami asked as she sat a plate of bacon and a pot of
coffee on the table. 

Mihoshi scratched her head, "Last night, I put them on
after I took a shower, and then...  Now I remember."
Mihoshi giggled and ran out of the room. 

***

Noboyuki's Bedroom...

"Dammit, Son of a Bitch!"  Noboyuki shouted.

"What's wrong Mr. Masaki?"  Mihoshi asked as she entered
the room.

"This BASTARD VCR just destroyed my favorite porno
movie," Noboyuki answered with a tear in his eye.

"Oh my," Mihoshi said sympathetically.  "Can't you buy a
new copy?"

"I'll try to pick up a new copy after work today," Noboyuki
was still upset.

"Excuse me," Mihoshi said politely as she walked by
Noboyuki.  "Have you seen my pink panties and Sailor Moon
t-shirt?"

"Not since last night," Noboyuki nervously replied.

Mihoshi bent over and looked underneath the bed.
Noboyuki stared at Mihoshi's perfect ass.  "Any
luck?"  Noboyuki perspired.

"No," Mihoshi sobbed as she stood up.  "I can't find 'em"

*** 

The Masaki Shrine... 

"I see that you are right on time, Kiyone."  Yosho said
as he filled a bucket with water. 

"Yea, I'm here," answered the teal haired galaxy
policewoman.  "Now give me the mop, so I can hurry and
get this over with." 

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, we must be patient if we ever wish to
accomplish anything in life," the old man warned.
"Besides, a mop won't be sufficient for todays chores.
You must use this scrubbing brush, so the shrine will be
spotless." 

"You expect me to clean the entire shrine with that
little brush?"  Kiyone asked. 

"Well Kiyone, it is your turn to help with the shrine,
and none of the other girls complained," Yosho answered. 

"I find that hard to believe," Kiyone responded as she
grabbed the bucket and brush.  "May as well get started." 

"Just a moment," Yosho interrupted.  "First, you must put
on your work clothes." 

"I'm already wearing my old clothes." 

"This job requires special work clothes," Yosho
explained.  

"You've got to be kidding," Kiyone sat the bucket on the
ground and crossed her arms.  "This is a bunch of
bullshit." 

Yosho stepped into the shrine, and returned with pink
panties and a Sailor Moon t-shirt.  "Just put this outfit
on, and you'll be ready to go," Yosho grinned. 

"This is ridiculous," Kiyone sighed. 

*** 

"Oh no," Tenchi whispered to himself.  "I'm going to be
really late for school, today."  Tenchi rushed from his
room and down the stairs.  !!!CRASH!!!  "Dammit, Son of
a Bitch!"  Tenchi shouted as he fell from the stairs onto
the living room floor.

"What happened, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked as she ran
into the room after hearing the loud racket.

"I broke my fucking leg that's what fucking happened!"
Tenchi was in so much pain that he didn't realize what he
was saying.

Ayeka was horrified when she saw Tenchi's mangled left
leg.  "Oh my," Ayeka lamented as she placed her hands
over her mouth and ran into the kitchen.  "Someone call
911!"  Ayeka was beginning to have a nervous breakdown.

"What happened, Ayeka?"  Sasami questioned her older
sister.

"Tenchi broke his fucking leg, that's what fucking
happened!"  Ayeka didn't realize what she was saying
because of the horror of seeing Tenchi in so much pain.  

Ryoko left the room to be by Tenchi's side.  "My poor
Tenchi," Ryoko cried as she tele-ported into the living
room.  "Please Tenchi, don't die.  We haven't had sex
yet."

"I don't think I'm going to die, because of a broken
leg,"  Tenchi grunted while trying to stand up.  The pain
was unbearable and Tenchi fell on his ass.

In the kitchen Sasami picked up the telephone so she
could call 911, when Washu suddenly appeared.  "What's
wrong with Lady Ayeka?"  Washu asked.  Ayeka was lying in
a fetal position on the floor, and was mumbling to
herself.  

"Ayeka's in shock, because Tenchi fell and broke his leg,
Miss Washu,"  Sasami answered.

"Is that all," Washu chuckled.  "Leave everything up to
nurse Washu."  Washu snapped her fingers and was now
arrayed in a nurse uniform.  "Sasami put the telephone
down and follow me.  Lady Ayeka, you stay here."  

"Will Ayeka be okay, Miss Washu?"

"She'll snap out of it," Washu assured the young
princess.

***

The Masaki Shrine...

"I can't believe I'm putting up with this shit," Kiyone
mumbled to herself as she scrubbed the concrete floor,
which covered the yard in front of the Masaki Shrine.  "I
graduated second in my class, and now I'm stuck on this
shit hole planet."

"What did you say?"  Yosho asked as he walked by and
observed the policewoman in her sexy pink panties.

"I said that this is a shit hole planet," Kiyone replied.

"Yes, shit hole planet"  Yosho agreed as he stared at
Kiyone's ass moving up and down as she rubbed the brush
against the concrete.

***

"Does it hurt when I do this?"  Washu asked as she
twisted Tenchi's leg to the right.

"Damn, Hell, Yes!"  Tenchi screamed in pain.

"Does it hurt when I do this?"  Washu asked as she
twisted Tenchi's leg to the left.

"Damn, Hell, Yes!"  Tenchi screamed in pain.

"Well Tenchi, the bad news is that you have a broken
leg," Washu stated.

"What's the good news, Miss Washu?"  Sasami asked.

"That I'm his personal nurse, of course," Washu laughed.
"Now just one more question Tenchi.  Does it hurt when I
do this?"  Washu lifted Tenchi's leg off the floor.  

"Damn, Hell, Yes!"  Tenchi screamed in pain.

"Dammit Washu, what the hell kind of nurse are you?"
Ryoko growled.

"Please Washu no more questions, I can't take anymore,"
Tenchi pleaded with the scientist.

"Fine, that ends my examination," Washu said as she got
on her knees and took a closer look at Tenchi's leg.
"All I have to do is set the bone back in place, and then
put a cast on it."

"Are you sure you know what you're doing, Little Washu?"
Tenchi was beginning to sweat.

"Of course," Washu grinned and grabbed Tenchi's foot.
"You may experience a slight discomfort," Washu warned
before she began to pull Tenchi's leg.

"Damn... Hell... No!"  Tenchi screamed as Washu dragged
his body across the room.

"This isn't working at all," Washu thought out-loud.
Tenchi and Sasami were both crying and Ryoko was gritting
her teeth in anger.

"Ryoko, grab Tenchi's head if you don't mind," Washu had
a new idea.

Ryoko's anger immediately vanished after hearing this
request.  "What ever you say, Mom," Ryoko smiled and
grabbed Tenchi's crotch.

"Not that," Washu condemned her daughter.  "You really do
have a one track mind don't you."

"Are you alright Tenchi?"  Sasami asked as she gazed at
Washu and Ryoko with a puzzled look on her face.

"I hope so," Tenchi began to perspire profusely.

"Ryoko, you pull his leg while I hold his head," Washu
placed her hands around Tenchi's ears.

Ryoko grasped Tenchi's foot, "Are you sure?"

"Pull! Dammit!" Washu commanded.  Ryoko gave Tenchi's leg
a swift yank and the bone popped back into place.

"That did the trick," Washu said as she let go of
Tenchi's ears.  Tenchi's head hit the floor with a loud
thump.  "Now, I'll just put a cast on that leg, and
you'll be good as new."

"Wow Washu, that's great," Sasami cheered.

"Yea, great," Tenchi whimpered.

"I think it would be a good idea for me to take Tenchi
upstairs, and put him in bed," Ryoko grinned.

***

After spending most of the morning searching for her pink
panties and Sailor Moon t-shirt, Mihoshi had finally
given up and decided to take a nap on the porch.  Just as
Mihoshi positioned herself for a long mid-morning nap, she
was startled by the commotion that was going on in the
living room.  "That sounds like Tenchi yelling," Mihoshi 
thought to herself.  She got up and stepped into the kitchen
and heard Tenchi shout, "Damn, Hell, Yes!"  

Ayeka was still lying on the kitchen floor mumbling to
herself, "My poor Lord Tenchi."

Mihoshi was really confused, "What happened Ayeka?"

"Tenchi broke his fucking leg that's what fucking
happened," Ayeka mumbled in her comma like state.

"Oh my," Mihoshi thought to herself.  "I should go help
him."

"Miya," Ryo-ohki purred as Mihoshi walked by the kitchen
table.

"Ryo-ohki, I haven't seen you all morning," Mihoshi
greeted the cabbit.

Ryo-ohki was eating from a bowl filled with carrots.  The
cabbit offered to share with Mihoshi by pushing a carrot
across the table toward Mihoshi.  

"For me?"  Mihoshi asked.  Ryo-ohki nodded her head up
and down.

"Thank you, Ryo-ohki," Mihoshi picked up the carrot and
took a bite.  "By the way, have you seen my pink panties
and Sailor Moon t-shirt, Ryo-ohki?"

Ryo-ohki didn't really understand what Mihoshi was
talking about, so she smiled and shook her head up and
down.

"You have!" Mihoshi was very excited.

Ryo-ohki jumped from the table onto the floor.  "Are you
going to show me where to find them?"  Mihoshi asked.

The cabbit was about to exit the room when she noticed
Princess Ayeka on the floor.  Such a wonderful
opportunity, Ryo-ohki thought to herself.  How often do
you get a chance to sniff a Jurian Princess ass.  Ryo-
ohki walked over to Ayeka and took a big whiff.

Mihoshi was very confused.  Mihoshi scratched her head
then her face suddenly brightened, "Now I get it!  Ayeka
is wearing my pink panties."  Ryo-ohki sat on the floor
with a puzzled look on her face.

Mohoshi got on her knees and placed her hands around
Ayeka's arms.  "Princess Ayeka wake up," Moshoshi
pleaded.  Ayeka remained motionless and murmured, "My
poor Lord Tenchi."

"She's really out cold," Mihoshi sighed.  "But I really
want my pink panties," Mihoshi looked over her shoulder
toward Ryo-ohki.  "Are you sure she's wearing my pink
panties, Ryo-ohki?"

Ryo-ohki shrugged her shoulders and purred, "Miya."

Mihoshi took a bite of her carrot and put it in the left
vest pocket of her galaxy police uniform.  "Only one way
to find out for sure," Mihoshi said before delicately
grasping Ayeka's dress.  The Princess moaned slightly as
the blonde policewoman slid the silky garment up her
legs.  Ryo-ohki watched with great interest.

"Oh my," Mihoshi sniveled as she pushed the dress above
Ayeka's waist.  "You were completely wrong, Ryo-ohki.
Ayeka isn't wearing my pink panties, as a matter of fact
she isn't wearing any panties at all."  Mihoshi gazed at
Ayeka's exposed body, "And she shaves her..."

Suddenly, Ryoko interrupted with a shout from the living
room, "Hey Mihoshi, are you in the kitchen eating
everyone's breakfast?"

"Of course not," Mihoshi yelled her answer loudly.

"Well get your sorry tan ass in here, and help us carry
Tenchi upstairs," Ryoko responded with an even louder
yell.

In a hurry, Mihoshi ran from the room to help her
friends.  Unnoticed by Mihoshi, her half eaten carrot had
fallen from her vest pocket and landed between Ayeka's
legs, leaning against her naked shaven pussy.  

Ryo-ohki stared at the carrot for a second, then the
cabbit walked over to Ayeka and crawled between her legs.
Ryo-ohki hated to see a good carrot go to waste, so she
decided to finish what was left.  Ryo-ohki was about to
grab the carrot, but Ayeka suddenly moved.  The carrot
fell to the floor, and rolled beneath Ayeka's right leg. 

Ryo-ohki was heartbroken, and tears began to build up in
the cabbit's eyes.  A perfectly good carrot just out of
reach.  The smell emanating from Ayeka's carrot stained
pussy was driving Ryo-ohki wild.  The cabbit could hold
back no longer, Ryo-ohki began to lick the moist clit of
the beautiful princess.

"Oh my Lord Tenchi," Ayeka spoke softly and passionately.
"Lord Tenchi, how could you?  I am not a woman of loose
morals."

Ryo-ohki stopped licking so she could pay attention to
what Ayeka was whispering.  "Oh please Lord Tenchi.  I
didn't say stop," Ayeka exhaled gently.

Ryo-ohki continued to lick the princess furiously.  The
sensation was so intense that Ayeka rolled back and forth
on the floor in pleasure.  Ayeka's right leg slowly moved
from its previous position, and Ryo-ohki noticed the
carrot was now obtainable.  Ryo-ohki stopped the licking
action and grabbed the carrot.

"Please Lord Tenchi," Ayeka squirmed.  "I need more!"

***

The Masaki Shrine...

Yosho was receiving a large amount of pleasure watching
Kiyone scrub the concrete floor.  The motion of Kiyone's
firm ass in pink cotton panties was a sight to behold.  
Yosho decided to bring a chair outdoors, so he could
relax in the shade and enjoy the view.

"Damn, its hot," Kiyone was soaking wet with sweat.  "I
need to take a break from this heat."  Kiyone grabbed a
towel, which Yosho had provided earlier, and wiped the
sweat from her face and arms.

"Taking a break already, Kiyone?"  Yosho inquired.  Ten
minutes passed and Yosho was getting impatient, because
he really liked looking at Kiyone's ass while she was bent
over.  "Excuse me," Yosho was about to interrupt Kiyone's 
extended recess.  

Without warning Kiyone removed the Sailor Moon t-shirt 
she was wearing.  "What do you want?"  Kiyone questioned
the old man.

"Never mind dear," Yosho spoke nervously as he carefully
slipped a small camera from his robe.  This new turn of 
events excited Yosho greatly.  The site of Kiyone's tight 
blue bra and pink panties caused Yosho's old wrinkled limp
dick to come alive, with long forgotten energy.

"I just needed to get that hot and sweaty t-shirt off for
a moment, so I can cool down," Kiyone explained.
  
"Thats just fine," Yosho perspired.

***

Tenchi's Room...

Ryoko and Mihoshi, with Washu & Sasami following closely
behind, carefully carried Tenchi upstairs and put him in
his bed.  "Sorry to cause so much trouble," Tenchi
apologized.

"I would walk through shit and fire for you, Tenchi,"
Ryoko jumped on the bed and gave Tenchi a big hug.

"Are you hungry, Tenchi?"  Sasami asked.  "You haven't
eaten breakfast."

"I am a little bit hungry."

"Tenchi has all that he needs to eat right here," Ryoko
grinned.  Sasami and Mihoshi looked around the room, and
didn't see any food.

"Gosh Tenchi, how did you break your leg anyway?" Mihoshi
asked.

"I fell down the stairs," Tenchi was a little
embarrassed.

"Alright everyone, get out of the way so I can put a cast
on Tenchi's leg," Washu interrupted.

"I'll go downstairs and get your breakfast," Sasami
smiled at Tenchi.

"I'm staying by your side until you get better Tenchi,"
Ryoko kissed Tenchi and nibbled on his ear.

"Hey, cut it out Ryoko," Tenchi complained.

Washu went to work on Tenchi's leg while Ryoko used her
tongue to wash Tenchi's face.  "Ryoko cut it out.  This
is gross, I've got spit all over my face and in my ear,"
Tenchi was very annoyed.

"I know Tenchi, why don't you try to run away from me,"
Ryoko laughed.  "Oh yeah, you can't can you."  Ryoko
stuck her tongue in Tenchi's ear.

"All finished Tenchi," Washu announced.

"Wow, that was fast," Mihoshi complimented the little
nurse.

"Thanks, Washu," Tenchi smiled at the pink haired
goddess.  "Dammit," Tenchi mumbled when he looked at the
cast for the first time.  "Did you have to put a pink
cast on my leg, Little Washu?  Dad and Grandpa are going
to laugh their asses off at me."

"I think it's cute," Mihoshi giggled.

"I think it's sexy," Ryoko rubbed her hand up and down
Tenchi's chest.

"Ryoko go downstairs and let Tenchi rest," Washu grabbed
Ryoko by the ear and pulled her from the room.

"Bye Tenchi, see you later," Mihoshi gave Tenchi a kiss
on the cheek.  Tenchi blushed as Mihoshi left the room.

"Finally I can have some peace and quiet," Tenchi tried
to get comfortable on his bed.  Tenchi just couldn't
relax, because he kept thinking about school.  "This is 
a bad day to miss school.  I had an algebra test today,"
Tenchi worried.  "Damn, I hate school."

***

In The Kitchen...

Ayeka slowly woke from her deep sleep.  "What happened to
me?  I must go check on Lord Tenchi."  As Ayeka sat up,
she looked down at herself and saw her naked body.  "Oh
my, goodness!"  Ayeka quickly covered herself.  "How did
this happen to me?"

Sasami entered the room with a smile.  "Hi Ayeka," Sasami
greeted her sister.

"Sasami," Ayeka said quietly.  "What happened to me?"

"Don't you remember?"  Sasami noticed a tear in
her sister's eye.

"No, I don't remember anything."

"Tenchi broke his leg, and you passed out on the floor.
You was very scared," Sasami explained.

"That doesn't explain my nudity," Ayeka thought to
herself.  "Better not mention that to Sasami, since she
doesn't seem to know."

"Tenchi's fine," Sasami tried to comfort her sister.

"I remember Tenchi lying on the floor in pain, but thats
all," Ayeka was very depressed.  "I'm afraid that I
wasn't much help."

***

Tenchi's Room...

After a few minutes of silence, Tenchi heard a knock at
the door.  "Oh no," Tenchi thought.  "Ryoko I'm not in
the mood for your B.S. right now."

"It's me, Sasami," a soft voice came from the door.

"Come in Sasami," Tenchi was relieved.

"I brought you some bacon and eggs," Sasami placed the
tray of food on Tenchi's lap.  "I'll be up latter to get
your plate."

"Thanks Sasami," Tenchi patted the little princess on the
head.

"Tenchi," Sasami lowered her head.

"What's wrong Sasami?"

"Can you speak to Ayeka later?"  Sasami raised her head
and looked at Tenchi.  "She's really worried about you."

"Sure Sasami," Tenchi agreed.  "Tell Ayeka that I would
love to speak to her."

"Thanks Tenchi," Sasami smiled and exited the room.

"This is great," Tenchi said with delight.  "I'm
starving."  Just as Tenchi was about to take his first
bite, Ryoko floated up through the floor of Tenchi's
bedroom.

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi trembled.  "I thought Washu told you to
stay downstairs."

"Washu doesn't tell me what to do," Ryoko pushed Tenchi's
food off his lap.  "Besides, Washu went into her lab, and
she'll be cooped up in there for quiet a while."

"Ryoko what are you planning to do?"  Tenchi was very
nervous.

"You have run from me long enough, Tenchi.  I'm taking
what's rightfully mine," Ryoko said with a devilish grin.

"But I was going to eat breakfast," Tenchi was trying to
change the subject.  "I'm hungry."

"I'm hungry too," Ryoko slowly crawled onto Tenchi's bed.
"Don't run away from me this time, Tenchi."


To Be Continued...

***

Thanks for reading my first attempt at a lemon 
fanfic.  Please! send all of your comments to:   
jimjurai@yahoo.com



