The Powers that Be

by K'thardin

Disclaimer:  Hey, AIC...get some intelligence will you?  And you 
guys at Pioneer...get a clue would you?  Anyway, what's mine 
should be fairly apparent.  If it's not, go watch the OVA's, read 
the Manga, and watch Pretty Sami.  Then you'll see what's not 
mine.  All characters not mine used without permission and only 
for entertainment purposes.  I get no money from this AIC.  You 
have nothing to worry yourself over.

Forward:  This one took long enough, and I think it's fairly 
ready for reading.  I'd like to thank anyone and everyone, from 
Ayashi No (my prereader) to Literary Eagle, Happosai and everyone 
that I didn't mention in the making of this fic.  Thank you much.  
Oh, by the way...LEMON WARNING! ^_^  I think I'll call this 
one...

Changes

"Good...bad...I'm the guy with the gun."
	-Ash (Army of Darkness)

<Opening Theme: Don't Stop Believing - Journey>

<Enya - Shepard Moon>

	Oh he's so cute like that; Ryouko gushed silently as she 
floated immaterial above her beloved as he dozed on his bed.  She 
watched the slow and rhythmic rising and falling of his chest as 
his old reflexes kept him breathing when he wasn't thinking about 
it.  She kept her watch on him; fascinateddy and the way it was 
working now.
	She could see all the different energies that slowly flowed 
inside of him, as his body restored itself from the day's 
exertions.  Observing his blood as it pulsed through every artery 
and vein.  Watch those juicy muscles of his as the slowly bunched 
and slid when he moved ever so slightly in his near slumber.
	There were so many pleasurable things she wished to do with 
him right this moment that she had drifted very close to him.  As 
close as she could come and not be touching him.  Touching him 
she found was not even necessary.  His aura permeated everything 
when it was this close.
	She found herself just blissfully bathing in the energies 
that bore the distinctive signature of her Tenchi.  Just letting 
it soak every pore and every crevice of her being became her only 
reason for existence.
	She damn near orgasmed...just by being this close to him.
	She wondered if he knew she was here.  It wouldn't surprise 
her at all; she was giving off all sorts of signs that she 
couldn't possibly repress being so near to her desire.
	Of course, he does sleep like a rock...even when dozing, 
she reminded herself.
	And that was the whole crux of her current plan of action.
	Slowly she slid down on top of him, yet she found herself 
unable to phase through; most likely due to the very energies she 
had been rolling in a few moments before.  Actually she 
considered that rather convenient, she wouldn't need to spare the 
concentration needed to stay afloat as she worked her demonesses' 
magic upon him.  Though...it would take a bit more doing, being 
unable to place the energies directly inside of him.  So with a 
half shrug she relaxed, and returned to her normal solidity.
	Her hands began to roam as freely as they wanted, 
deliberately depositing little bits and pieces of her energies 
upon him as they passed.  Slowly and methodically she worked 
until her own powers were literally saturating his body, as it 
naturally drew upon the surrounding energies and forces in its 
continual renewal of the young cosmic being.
	She smiled in satisfaction as she put on the final touches, 
over his nether regions and buttocks.
	You will be so maddened by this desire I know you will have 
after this that you won't be able to see straight, she smiled in 
a mixture of lust and mischief.  Perhaps you will be so maddened 
that you will not be able to resist either of us when you come 
near.  Though that would definitely screw up our fun, it might be 
worth it.
	The pulse of energy began to quicken around him, telling 
her that he was waking.  However, she knew (going by past 
experience) that she still had time.
	So, cupping his face in her hands, she drew his lips to 
hers in a kiss of pure unrestrained animal passion, which would 
have had the most celibate monk in the world ripping his clothes 
off in all consuming lust.
	He reflexively reached for her in his half dreaming state. 
Before his arms closed around her, she deftly evaded his embrace 
and shifted herself back to Aeka and Sasami's room so they could 
plan their next move.
	Tenchi's arms fell around himself, startling him awake with 
just how wrong something felt.  Yet what, was it?  Whatever it 
was, it had interrupted a very erotic dream that he had been 
having (not that those were unknown to him), but this one seemed 
more real than any of the others.  He could practically feel her 
lips still on his.  Though which 'her' was open to debate.

<Enya - Angels>

	That's when a feeling the likes of which he could not have 
described had the universe's survival been dependant upon it, 
struck him like a hurricane on some unsuspecting beachfront.
	It was pure fire.  It was scorching passion.  It was colder 
than largest glacier, and the blackest of space.  It was 
contradictory, and it made perfect sense.
	It was pure SEX, and it was driving the cosmic being out of 
his mind.
	No, he realized after a moment.  It wasn't just pure sex; 
it was pure woman's sex.  And it had set off the raging demon 
that he had thought he had finally quelled inside of himself some 
many weeks ago.
	"oh god..." he managed to mumble in ecstasy. "ryouko..." 
and how he knew who it was, was beyond coherent thought 
presently.  He only knew it to be fact that this was Ryouko's 
doing.
	She must have been in his room.
	Again he cursed the day he agreed to learn the use of his 
powers.  The consequences sometimes far outweighed the rewards.
	Though in this case he truly wondered which it was.
	As his body grew used to what was happening to it, he 
became aware of another sensation.  That of a stickiness between 
his legs, and a still hard phallus that was looking for more.
	"Oh man..." he groaned.
	How...embarassing!
	Fortunately clean up had become much easier for Tenchi in 
recent months.  A slight furrowing of the brows and a fraction of 
a second later, all trace that he had 'creamed his jeans' had 
been erased.
	Tenchi put his arms behind his head on the pillow, and 
sighed as he reviewed all he had to do today.
	"I need to explain to Ryouko...again...that I really need 
her to stay out of my room." He grunted in annoyance, and 
strangely quite a bit of fondness.  "Like she'll listen to me."  
He glanced at the clock beside his bed.  "5 o'clock in the Am." 
he sighed again.  "That's the first time in awhile I've slept 
in."  Of course, the oddity of that statement did not fail to 
register with him as he had gone to bed at around oneish, but at 
this point, he hardly cared.  "Hmm, I'll Cyraqs wanted to borrow 
my car, that'll be no problem.  I just hope it comes back in one 
piece...and the Town remains the same way.
	I'll need to see off mom and dad today, and it's about time 
too.  Those two need to be alone with each other for awhile.
	Mihoshi is heading back to 7th headquarters for a bit, for 
some reason or another." Tenchi chuckled, "AND Ryuken is going 
with her.  In his condition...heh, well he couldn't be separated 
from her without going nuts in any case.  I just hope they know 
what they are doing.  Probably why Kiyone is staying back as 
resident officer, or maybe it's to give Grandpa more hell."  A 
satisfied smile appeared on his face. "You deserve it for 
treating me like a mushroom...'old man.'"
	His face relaxed as he continued down his mental checklist.  
"And to top it off, the rest of the family wants to go to the 
onsens in a few days.  Heh, if I do this right I can pack you all 
up and send you there without going myself for awhile.  Ah, 
relaxation!" He sighed in bliss, "Some time alone.  Love you all 
to death, but I can't go five feet without bumping into you 
guys."  Quite simply put, it was lots of fun, but he was getting 
claustrophobic.
	That pretty much concluded what he was going to be doing 
today.
	He took a moment to reflect on just how much his life had 
changed in the past couple of years, and how things just seemed 
to be falling into place for him now.
	Of course it wouldn't last...these things never did.  Maybe 
now though, he was more prepared for it.
	His door slid open just then and his mother stepped in.  
She was in her full Megami mode (as he had taken to calling it) 
with her silver hair and red eyes.  Still her face held the smile 
that he would never get enough of, and she had promised he 
wouldn't ever have to go without again.
	"You going to get up now?" she asked him softly.
	"Yeah, I guess."
	She stifled a small laugh, and walked to his bed to sit 
down beside of him.  She reached out and touched his face fondly.  
"You guess?" she mimicked in amusement.  "Just going to be lazy 
all day?"
	"The thought had crossed my mind." he quipped, to which she 
could only laugh gently.
	"I didn't know you COULD joke.  You are so serious all the 
time.  I was afraid you'd become too much like me."
	"Eh.  Blame it on Cyraqs.  It's all his fault."  And she 
laughed again while nodding her head in agreement.  "Besides, 
there's nothing really wrong with being like you.  You are my 
mom, after all."
	"Yes, I most certainly am, and I have vivid memories of the 
labor to prove it."  she laughed again as he cringed slightly in 
mock pain, as he very briefly considered the idea of 'labor.'  
"Now c'mon.  Breakfast is ready if you want some, and Mihoshi and 
Ryuken will be leaving soon."  She leaned over and kissed him on 
the forehead.  "So hurry up."
	"I'll be there in a minute."  She smiled in acceptance.  
	With that, she stood up and walked out of his room, and 
back to the kitchen.  At his doorway, she paused for a moment and 
grinned wickedly.
	Ryouko's been in here, and oh did she do some damage to 
you, my son.  Laughing to herself, she continued back to the 
breakfast she had just made.
	How can one man be so blessed? he wondered.  Of course then 
he remembered what it was that Cyraqs had told him when Tenchi 
asked him that very question.
	Being blessed is one thing, the universe has always paid us 
for services rendered.  Otherwise there would really be no point, 
would there?  The real question is, how hard are you willing to 
fight to keep it?
	As hard as it takes, Tenchi thought fiercely.  As long and 
as hard as it takes.  Even if it kills me.
	For right now though...
	He rose from his bed, double-checking to make sure 
his...accident...was fully cleaned up, and he followed his 
mother's path to the kitchen.
	Whatever it was, it certainly SMELLED good, that was for 
sure.
	Of course, it was good.  All the Megami's seemed to enjoy 
some simple pleasure of taking care of house and home, and 
cooking seemed to be the absolutely favorite part of it.  Though 
in Washuu's case, you could never be sure what it was she was 
going to make, as her experience in the culinary arts extended to 
the far reaches of the cosmos.  That and she was ALWAYS cooking 
up something in her lab.  However, most of the time it was best 
that you didn't know what that was.
	Tenchi wondered how Hayes managed to retain his sanity, as 
he watched the Tetranian eat the massive amount of food he was 
apt to.
	Now there was an interesting topic.  Hayes K'thardin was 
one of the quietest people that Tenchi knew.  He always walked 
around with a slight grin, that his progeny had effected to one 
degree or another, that made one think that he was laughing at 
the universe for some obscure reason that could be known only by 
him.  When he did speak it was usually something short sweet, and 
to the point...and quite often profound.  Quite the counterpoint 
to the near childlike hyperactivity of Washuu.
	Strangely enough though, Hayes kept up with her rather 
easily.  They seemed to compliment each other quite well in just 
about any fashion.
	Hayes seemed to feel Tenchi's eyes on him, for he stopped 
momentarily to glance at Tenchi and grin, before he turned his 
attention back to his plate of rapidly diminishing food.
	Tenchi decided to risk sanity, as his curiosity was killing 
him.  "So what are you and Washuu working on now?"
	Tenchi waited for a few more moments as Hayes finished his 
second plate.  Then he casually wiped his mouth and hands with a 
napkin before he answered the question.  "Ever watch the 
Transformers?"
	"Sometimes."  Answered Tenchi dubiously.
	Hayes grinned maniacally...in perfect imitation of his 
mate.  "Kreemzeek!"
	"Kreemzeek?"
	"Kreemzeek."
	Tenchi nodded his head as the ramifications of what they 
had just created settled in.  "Remind me to never get on your bad 
side, would you?"
	Hayes only smiled mysteriously, so Tenchi left it at that.
	Next Tenchi considered the two that were leaving in a few 
minutes.
	Ryuken and Mihoshi.  Talk about your odd couples.
	Ryuken, as Cyraqs had said, had inherited all of the height 
in the family...all 6'9" of it.  Poor guy had to duck to fit 
through doors.  He had a strange way about him, as if he had a 
cloak he wrapped around himself to say that nothing and no one 
could touch him.  Nothing, not even the pain he kept inside.
	That was until he saw Mihoshi...the innocent and beautiful 
blond (a rather comical site seeing just how small she was up 
against him) had just walked right through his armor as easily as 
she penetrated Washuu's defenses, and touched that which was 
inside.  And he, in return for her little transgression had 
penetrated the ditz persona she had created to hide what she had 
felt as her ultimate failure.
	Each had added inner strength to the other, and in turn 
each had begun healing.  His smile seemed genuine now...and 
Mihoshi's seemed...well it seemed like it was her smiling now.
	Other than that...there didn't seem to be too much they had 
in common.  Perhaps those two didn't really need that.
	Well whatever else they needed, it certainly looks like 
they had found it. Tenchi noted, as he watched Ryuken fidget 
madly at the table, until Mihoshi stopped him cold by laying one 
hand gently on his.
	Tenchi could tell the rage was well and truly upon him, 
even without scanning him.  And lo and behold, he had 
synchronized with Mihoshi.  Tenchi also knew that wouldn't have 
happened had Ryuken and Mihoshi not found a love for each other 
somehow.
	That's why Ryuken had demanded to go with her...he couldn't 
be separated from her at this time, not without going mad.  
Tenchi did know that Ryuken was going to attempt to keep control 
of himself during this time, but Tenchi also knew that it was 
going to be an exercise in futility.
	He seriously doubted Mihoshi was going to allow him his 
'honor'...or his stupidity...depending on the point of view.  
Tenchi was pretty sure that Mihoshi would consider it the latter.
	Tenchi sighed...their problems were something they would 
work out without interference.  Still, in a way, it was kind of 
depressing.  Everyone was getting on with their lives, and not 
all of it would include him anymore.
	It was fun while it lasted, but then he realized, the 
adventures have only changed.  They haven't gone away.  And it 
wasn't like these people were going away forever.  Yet it 
wouldn't be like it was.
	Ah well...Tenchi thought to himself, it all seems to be 
working out for the best.  I really shouldn't be so depressed.

<Loved By the Sun - Tangerine Dream and Brian Ferry>

	Shaking himself out of the melancholy that had settled over 
him, he followed the pair and the rest of those that were up to 
go and see these two off.  Outside there was Cyraqs and Sasami 
sitting there waiting for them, looking at the sunrise in all 
it's shades of purple, pink, blue and gold.
	For a moment everyone just stood there, watching as the 
flaming ball of the star called Sol slid over the horizon 
blanketing the sky with it's wondrous presence.  Each and every 
one of them could not help but feel awe at the site, and it held 
them until the sun fully crested the peaks of the mountains.
	"Well everyone..." Kiyone suddenly flew up, cutting off 
what Mihoshi was going to say momentarily.  "Well everyone...take 
care!  We'll be back in about a month!"
	"You too, alright?" Kiyone told her as she embraced Mihoshi 
warmly, to be joined seconds later by Sasami.
"Come back soon, Mihoshi!"
	Mihoshi hugged the three of them back, "Don't worry, you 
two.  We will."
	A slight changing of the mannerisms and voice was the only 
thing that could be told apart from Sasami when Tsunami cheerily 
said, "Mihoshi, be good."
	The parting of Ryuken, his brother and father was very 
different.  They simply looked at each other, communicating 
through a bond they had forged over thousands of years of strife, 
torment, and bloodshed.  At the end Ryuken raised two fingers to 
his temple in salute, and went to stand next to Mihoshi.
	Then it was Tenchi's turn.
	"Don't get into trouble, alright Mihoshi?"  He mock warned 
her as she hugged him.
	"Oh I won't." she giggled.  "You know I won't, don't you 
Tenchi?"
	"I know."
	He finally disengaged himself from her hug, which would 
have likely cracked his ribs, had he been any less tough, and 
grasped Ryuken's hand.
	"You shouldn't worry so much."  He told the taller man.
	He gave Tenchi a strangely amused gaze before he finally 
said, "Shut the hell up."  Ryuken then glanced at his brother in 
annoyance.  "You're starting to sound like that pain in the butt 
behind you."
	"Eh.  He rubs off on you after awhile."
	"True."
	"Don't worry," Cyraqs grinned, "you two will get yours."
	"Quit teasing each other." Mihoshi told them as she 
retrieved her control cube and gave it a few quick turns, causing 
Mihoshi and Ryuken to vanish.
	"Yukinojo?"  Mihoshi called as she appeared on the bridge.
	The small mechanoid head swiveled down from the ceiling and 
activated.  "Yes Mihoshi?"
	"Plot a course for 7th headquarters, and take off."
	"Very well...umm, does the young man require a towel?"
	"Hmm?"  She turned to her companion to see him wringing out 
his trench coat.
	"Wet...I hate wet." he grumbled.
	Mihoshi's hands went to her mouth to cover her shocked 
embarrassment.  "Oh dear..."

<Everybody Knows - Concrete Blond>

	Tenchi sighed in a mixture of defeat and despair.  Reaching 
into his pocket, he pulled a set of keys from them.  Hands 
shaking, he stared at the keys.  Almost as if this was going to 
be the last time he held them.  "Now you are sure you can drive 
this?"
	"I run starships that traverse galaxies."  The shorter man 
said flatly.
	"But this is a VW bug, not a space ship.  Are you sure..."
	"JUST GIVE ME THE KEYS TENCHI!  I promise to bring your car 
back in one piece."
	Tenchi looked at him skeptically for a moment.  "Not a 
scratch, alright?"
	"Tenchi..." He began.  Then sighed.  Arguing this won't get 
us anywhere.  "Not a scratch."  he promised.
	"Just remember you said that."  Cyraqs shook his head as 
Tenchi walked upstairs, most likely to his room.  Most 
likely...though not entirely certain.  Tenchi could be anywhere 
he wished in the universe at any time.  "Not a scratch!   You 
hear?"  Tenchi called from upstairs.
	Cyraqs grinned maniacally.  "Not a...scratch, no."  Then 
shook his head once when he realized Tenchi wouldn't have gotten 
the joke.  The kid has no sense of humor.  Anyway..."Sasami, you 
ready?"  He called out.
	"Just a second." she called from her room.
	Putting his hand on the rail of the stairs he sighed again.
	Said she wants to leave at this time, but is she ready?  
Nooooo!
	He listened for a time, clothing sliding off her skin, and 
then back on again.  Her underwear he would say...what Juraians 
called underwear anyway.  Slowly off her shoulders, down past her 
breasts...they made a very interesting sound as they slid 
off...down around her firm and perfectly formed bu...He stopped 
listening to what she was doing when it got to that point.
	He clutching his head in a vain attempt to stop the image 
of her stripping sensuously, and began to repeat, over and over, 
the mantra that had very recently become the main of the focal 
point of his concentration.  "She's just a child, she may have 
the body of an adult...Tsunami may be in there too, but Sasami is 
still a child."
	She doesn't understand a lot of things.  She may be very 
mature, she may have an old soul, she may be growing up very 
quickly because of what has happened to her, but she is still a 
child.  She doesn't understand what she asks of me, she has no 
idea what that entails.  I mean she understands sort of (the 
physical act at least), but she can't possibly understand what it 
is that goes on with the rest of it.  What kind of 
commitment...what kind of feelings...what kind of bonds that are 
also there!  He paused.  Or am I just making this stuff up?  Am I 
just deluding myself?  I know she is more mature, but she just 
isn't old enough to have gained the life experience.
	But then how does one learn it? A part of him asked.  You 
have been a teacher before...why not for this too?
	Because one should learn this by living life!  Not tied 
down to one man so early on.  Not knowing what else it out there.
	A hah!  So that's it!  That same part of him deduced.  You 
feel you are not up to it.  You don't think she has the necessary 
life experience, and you don't feel you can teach it to her.  In 
fact you feel like you're stealing it from her.
	Aren't I?
	What was done was necessary.  Since when has regret become 
a factor in this?
	But I don't feel right in robbing her of her life.  Of 
becoming the center of it all for her so early.
	Isn't it her decision what she wants?
	Is she old enough to make that decision?
	Now I'm being hypocritical...I say how mature she is and 
then I...I...
	His thoughts trailed off as he watched a vision 
of...of...well it was a vision whatever it was.  It was them, no 
mistaking that.  But there was SOMETHING different about those 
two.
	Actually it's the clothes, the logical part of his mind 
informed him.
	Gotcha, he acknowledged.
	She wasn't in her usual dress, either a simple Juraian 
kimono type garment or a simple earth style dress.  No she was in 
a pair of tight, not so tight she couldn't move easily, but tight 
blue jeans.  Showing off her curves...her very *nice* curves to 
anyone who wasn't blind, and quite a few who were.  
	That wasn't all.  The shirt was...his.  It was one of his 
shirts, just a plain red pocket T-shirt.   But it never looked 
this good before.  It made it her assets very apparent.  You 
could not mistake that this was what men had long ago named 
women.
	And at such an age too, he mused.
	Her hair was undone and flowed around her, animated with a 
life of it's own.  It was still as short as it had been 
since...since her encounter with Tokimi, but recently she had 
been taken to putting it in a bow of sorts when she needed or 
wanted it out of her eyes.  But now...as she strode down the 
stairs it swirled around her, framing her cute...
	No Gorgeous...
	Freckled...hehe, very freckled...
	Face.
	They quirked a little grin at him as they reached the end 
of the stairs.  "Like?" they pirouetted around for him; giving 
him the full view.
	"Uh huh." was all he could stammer out.  He shook his head, 
trying to clear out the fog that had settled in for some strange 
reason.  "I take it you've been pilfering?"
	"Yep!  Mihoshi lent me these..." she gestured to her jeans, 
"and I thought I'd borrow one of your shirts.  You don't mind do 
you?"
	"Not a bit."
	She blinked studying him carefully.  "Why are you...did 
you...well, what I mean to say is..."
	He chuckled a little and rubbed his clean-shaven face.  
"Let's just say that I didn't want people to think that the girl 
on my arm was my granddaughter or something."
	"Let them think what they want."  She told him proudly.  "I 
could care less."
	It warmed him that they liked him just the way he was. 
However..."It avoids trouble later on down the line.  Trust me on 
this one."  
	She sighed.  "Well if you must.  Though I think you should 
have kept your hair color as is."
	"It is as is."  he grinned, smoothing back his now blond 
hair.  "It's just the color it was when I was very young."
	She closed the small space between them.  Looking down at 
him lovingly, they ran a finger down the scar on his cheek.  One 
of the many he never let fade.  He smiled at her a little sadly 
as she did.  Catching her hand as she finished he held her gaze 
for a moment, as she bent down and kissed him.
	It was the only concession he'd made to their new 
relationship.  The only thing he'd allow to happen.  There would 
be more later, he would accept them totally completely.  They 
understood his concerns, his doubts, his...yes, they reluctantly 
concluded...even his fear.
	But how could he not understand?  None of it was necessary.  
They were changed so much so from what they were before.  Not a 
woman, not a goddess, not a little girl, but all of it.  And all 
of that in love with him.  Wanting him to accept them for what 
they were now.  Well they would show him who they were now, he 
would have to accept them after they were done with this day.
	They broke the kiss after a time of what couldn't have been 
more than a few minutes, and held each other for a moment.
	"C'mon." Cyraqs said suddenly.  "Let's go to town."
	"Right!" And with the enthusiasm and drive that was their 
trademark, she pulled him out of the house, much faster than he 
was sure she could move.

<Styx - Come Sail Away>

		"So where are you guys going?" Tenchi asked as he 
hugged Achika warmly.  One thing he was still getting used to was 
the fact he was actually taller than she was now, when the last 
time she had been with him, he was only up to her knees.
	"Oh, I don't know.  We're just going to wander around the 
universe for awhile...see what's all out there."
	"Sounds like you'll have a good time then."
	Releasing his mother gently, he then turned to his father, 
and embraced him just as warmly.  "Take care."
	Perhaps only his father and his grandfather would 
understand the full import of those two words.  Not to just 'take 
care', as only to look after one's well being.  In this case the 
words were to say to 'take care' of the lady that this family had 
been without far too long.  They would not loose her again.
	At least Nobiyuki did. "Of course."  On my life.
	Tenchi released his father and stepped back a couple of 
feet, watching his father's new abilities in action as a red 
field of interdimensional energy flared up around himself and his 
wife.
	"Tenchi," Achika said softly before the energies achieved 
their desired effect.
	"Yes?"
	The corners of her mouth lifted in what he could only 
describe as unrestrained mischief.  It was perfectly identical to 
the one on Sasami's face when she (they?) was thinking up some 
deviltry.  "Remember, sometimes it's a good thing to let go of 
your control."  A bright flash of light and her parting laughter 
was the only response he received to a question he had no chance 
to ask before his parents vanished.
	Somehow he got the feeling her 'advice' was...well he 
didn't know what it was to be quite honest.  Yet it did give this 
general sense of foreboding.  Foreboding was neither good nor 
bad, it was simply a feeling of something impending.  Yet 
foreboding usually did convey a sense of the intentions behind 
the upcoming future.  The fact that it didn't put him a bit on 
edge.
	He looked to the sky, and asked,  "Why me?"  Then he 
thought about all the possible reasons why it was in fact 
him...none of them actually something he wanted to really know.  
And considering that the being that could answer that question 
just MIGHT answer it..."Don't even think about it." he told that 
particular being quickly.

<Tomy James and the Shondells - Crimson and Clover>

	The man moved.  Slowly, exploring this new domain...strange 
smells of ozone and lubricant, amidst the slight humming of 
electrons through the various circuits and components of the ship 
mixed in with the general low rumble of the engines.  Strange 
auras of different powers he could feel, as he gingerly traversed 
the area.  Yes, very familiar...he had been to places like this 
before.  No matter, the most prominent of these sensations was 
near.  SHE was near.  He could feel her, her life force 
synchronized with his...somehow.  However, she was not like him.
	No she was different, but she was with him nonetheless.  He 
bore his teeth, a low, almost inaudible growl escaped from the 
recesses of his throat.
	Yes her...only reason he would be in such territory.  Eyes 
of the man roved the territory again. Primal instincts came to 
fore...the need he felt...he NEEDED her...BADLY.  Something held 
him in check...something was holding him at bay.  
Consciousness...that was it.  Control...he was more...
	"Ryuken?"
	He jumped, startled out of his...dream?  It's bad this 
time.  Real bad.  I should have never come with her.  Damn my 
sanity, I shouldn't have come.
	Mihoshi analyzed him critically, her cool hand reaching out 
to his forehead to check his temperature, much faster than he 
could react.  Though her genus of human ran at a cooler 
temperature than he...her simple touch burned through him hotter 
than the fires of the volcano's of the Tetranian homeworld.  "You 
don't look so well...and you're temperature is even higher than 
it normally is."  All to quickly she withdrew her hand, innocent 
concern still evident in her bearing.  "You should get some rest.  
I mean it'll take about a week to get to GP headquarters.  So you 
can stay in bed if you need to.  We'll be on auto-pilot all the 
way there, unless something comes up."  She paused for a second.  
"Do you...need to go back?"
	"NO!"  MUST NOT BE SEPERATED FROM THE WOMAN! MUST...he 
struggled to maintain control.  I am in control.  I am a 
K'thardin.  I am a Deneign warrior priest.  I am better than 
this.  "No, I'll be fine."  I am stronger.  I am in control.  
"It's just space travel.  I've never liked it much."  Her face 
flashed, only for a second, disbelief.  It was very brief, in 
fact if he hadn't spent his time studying her these past few 
months, he would have never known what that expression was for.
  	Strange...awhile ago she never would have known what 
disbelief was.  Yet now...now she was different.  Healed?  No, 
that will take much longer...but well on her way.  No longer 
hiding from herself.  Yet not the same as before her ordeal.  A 
strange amalgam of the innocence she became, and the person she 
was before.  It was very odd combination.  At times 
disconcerting, exciting too; yet very exciting. Those blue 
eyes...those eyes that were like heaven...Is this what my brother 
feels?  Is this what my father feels?  My son?  So terrifying.  
So beautiful.
	To be lost like that forever, was his fondest wish.
	His hands flashed up to her, intending to grasp her arms, 
faster than the eye could follow.  Only to be caught by her own 
hands.  And she looked at him again differently...a sort of 
curiosity really.  Only then did he realize what he had been 
about to do.
	"I'm sorry I...I really must...I"  he pulled himself from 
her grip, and almost ran to his quarters.
	She watched him retreat.  Disappointed.  And hurt.  Hurt 
that he would not...that he couldn't see that she wanted what he 
wanted.  Hurt that he wouldn't even kiss her.  Hurt that he was 
hurting himself.
	She remembered the rage of Cyraqs.  How he just withdrew 
from everything and everyone for fear he would hurt them.  She 
walked by his cabin that day, as only she could.  And she had 
heard him as he practically destroyed its insides.  His growling 
that sounded like nothing that could be made by anything natural.  
His pleas to God to make it stop.  To make the hurting, the 
desire, go away.
	It had scared her.  Those sounds could not possibly be 
coming from him.  They belonged to some demon from the darkest 
pits of hell.  Not to this man.
	Yet, they did.  They really did.
	She had fled terrified of what was happening.  And shamed 
as well, for she couldn't bring herself to help him.  She knew 
his cure.
	No.  That probably would have just made matters worse.  His 
cure was not just any female.  As it would have been if it were a 
normal rage.  No this one, as Washuu had explained to her a 
couple of days ago, was more.  This one was worse, because his 
mate was near.  Washuu had noticed Ryuken showing the signs and 
knew whom he had identified with.  Which meant that Ryuken had 
only one cure too.
	Tears formed at her eyes.  Why are you hurting yourself?  
You know...I've told you, yet you will not go further.  Why?

	X seethed and would have squirmed in impatience, had not 
his superior control over himself, kept his face in it's grim 
visage as the Emperor conducted the affairs of the Juraian empire 
in the throne room.  The topic presently was the recent pirate 
attacks on certain convoys of supplies and equipment to the 
outlying colonies of the empire.  Before that it had been a 
little spat concerning two of the major houses of the empire who 
had been loosing people and equipment as well, and had begun 
blaming each other for the entire mess.
	An ever so slight grin slipped over his features, quickly 
dismissed, as he mentally reviewed the present mishaps that had 
begun plaguing the empire.  So many little pokes and prods that 
seemed random and pointless.  Yet distracting, and taking up 
valuable resources, by spreading the Juraian forces out over such 
a large area.
	The Emperor was now asking...interrogating the 
representative from the pirate guild that the Juraian Empire was 
spawned from.  Of course he had no clue what was going on. His 
forces had not been attacking what would have been, in effect, 
itself.  Nor had heard of any of the other guilds that had 
declared open season on Jurai, but he would keep an eye out.
	Just a bit of hesitation, a slight lack of knowledge in the 
questions the Emperor asked was all it took for X to deduce that 
the recent separation of the Emperor and his wives had left him 
at somewhat of a loss concerning information.  Though if X's 
sources had been accurate his wives had long since 'left' the 
Emperor, as his lack of a significant number of heirs had alluded 
to.  They came back to Jurai every so often to take care of this 
and that.  Not nearly what was needed to effectively run the 
empire with all it's intrigue and backstabbing that had 
practically been put on hold with the recent attack of that 
strange empire.
	However, back on the topic of the missing Empresses:
	Of course they would have left him.  Women of that quality 
can not be made happy by the likes of men (Heh, men.  He does not 
deserve that distinction) such as the near power mad Emperor, X 
thought to himself quietly in mock anger.
	Yet another reason for his actions.  The only reason he 
ruled was because of the Jurai energies that flowed through 
him...they were greater than any of those that were present here.  
And his tree, which in turn was fed from the tree of Tsunami, 
controlled that.
	So it was all really up to that entity...HER, damn Her 
eyes! he corrected himself, as to who was in charge.  As to who 
had the power.
	Everything was up to HER and so it was all HER fault.
	Yes...HER fault.  He could hardly wait to...
	Patience, he chided himself.  All things come to he who 
waits.  And I have waited a long time for this opportunity.  I 
can wait longer, even through this.
	The Emperor nodded in dismissal as the pirate finished his 
report.  The Emperor's body language already promising great 
retribution should he have been led astray by the guild.
	Heh, I wonder what the other races would think, if they 
knew that Jurai was little more than a bunch of space pirates, 
that had been adopted by a being beyond mortal comprehension.  
She had changed the pirates in many ways, but not all.
	Heh, no, he laughed bitterly to himself as he watched the 
pirate walk away.  Not all.
	He scanned the crowd of nobles that made up the council of 
Jurai.  The holy council of Jurai, as it was really called.  
Supposedly created by Tsunami herself, originally.  The holy part 
had long since lost its significance yet the basic structure had 
remained.
	Yet they too, were soft, weak.  Secure in their own power, 
they acted like spoiled children when things did not go their 
way.
	Still...they did act rather valiantly recently.
	Bullshit, he thought.  Protecting their lives and 
interests, with their lapdogs the GP.  I'll bet it never once 
crossed their minds that if we failed that they would have likely 
spread everywhere and completely taken the cosmos?
	But then...most of them didn't have the information that he 
did.  Still, the idea was applicable.  They cared not for the 
people, just themselves.  Oh sure, there were one or two 
exceptions, but for the most part he knew that the Juraian lords 
cared very little for the general populous.
	He had made a grievous error concerning that one time, and 
it had completely screwed up his entire long term planning for 
years to come...but he had learned.  He would not make that 
mistake again.
	One of the higher-ranking lords of the council, stood.  His 
clothing identified him as a member of the Water clan, of the six 
clans of Jurai.  Each family of Jurai was a part of one.
	Oh look, wonder what Lord Toshiro wants.  Probably another 
request to allow the princesses to be courted.  As X predicted, 
so it came to pass.  I don't even have to do anything.  They'll 
defeat themselves.

	"23." Sasami stated in a way to convey how incredibly bored 
she was with the entire situation.
	23 VW bugs she had counted so far, on the way to where they 
were going.  She was originally looking forward to the trip 
itself, almost as much as she looked forward to the fun they were 
going to have at their destination.  It was going to be such a 
good time, just her, Tsunami and Cyraqs on the way to town.  They 
were going to talk about anything, and laugh, and just enjoy each 
other's presence on the way.
	Sasami had just discovered something very annoying about 
her intended.  When he was driving he was the world's worst 
conversationalist.  And this despite her best attempts at drawing 
a response from him...other than a muffled grunt.
	This wouldn't have been all that bad, had not the other 
person in her head dropped off to sleep almost before the first 
mile ended.  So she was stuck with a cosmic being on one side who 
would barely give her a response that had a distinct sound, and 
on the other a Goddess filling her head with a strangely 
comforting humming sound, not unlike that of a slow steady 
breathing as she wandered the realms of Morpheus.
	"24."  Oh God, I'm going to die of boredom!  What 
can...that's when she noticed that Washuu had been tinkering with 
Tenchi's car.  Where there should have been a some kind of radio 
in the dash, now sat some sort of...well something that looked 
kind of radioish complete with Washuu's crab logo on the buttons.
	Music!  Knowing Washuu, it could probably pick up stations 
on the other side of the universe, but it would definitely be 
music.  That meant something to listen to!
	She reached over and flipped it on.  Immediately a song 
from some American radio station began filling the interior.
	~I wanna know what love is.  And I want you to show me.~
	No way! She thought as she quickly changed the station.  
That one is a bit too close to my own situation.
	~...is this burning, an eternal flame?~
	No!  Not that either.  *flip*
	~...and me so horny!~
	ARGH!
	Cyraqs grinned at that last one, seeming to come out of 
whatever his preoccupation with driving was.  "Washuu once said 
she named that effect, where the universe seems to be trying to 
rub something in your face."
	Sasami brightened.  Oh wow!  It spoke!  Maybe this won't be 
such a boring trip after all!
	"What did she call it?"
	"She never told me."  He glanced between her legs, almost 
making her blush self-consciously.  There was no way in hell that 
he was going to get away with that...well, maybe a little bit.  
"If you'll look on the floor under your seat, you should find a 
black case.  Can you get that?"
  	You...You...meanie! she yelled at him silently as she did 
as requested.  You were teasing me!  It would serve you right if 
I just did a strip tease right now!  We'd see how long you'd last 
through that! She smirked as she rummaging around the darkness 
under the seat, finally finding what she was seeking.  With an 
triumphant squeal she pulled the requested black case up from the 
depths under her car seat and on to her lap.
	"Alright look in there.  On the first flap you'll find a 
Green CD.  Pop that in to the universal media detectory, and set 
it to track 2."
	Sasami debated what was weirder.  The fact that he had 
gained a taste for certain Terran music, the fact that he was 
using such a primitive form of information transport as CD's, or 
the fact she had no idea when he would have ever had the 
opportunity to acquire them.  Unzipping the case, she folded the 
leather flaps over and withdrew the requested CD from the plastic 
covering on the page.  She bent over and put it in the slot she 
thought would be the slot where a CD would go, and was not 
disappointed when it slid in without hesitation.  After a couple 
of pushed buttons to adjust both volume and track number, she 
settled back to listen to whatever song it was that was on this 
CD.
	She began to smile when the first lyrics sang off the 
speakers of the sound system.  She rather liked this song.

<Setting the Drama - Live>

	~And to love...a god.~  In a way, she thought glancing at 
her silent companion.
	~And to fear...a flame.~ Respect...yes.  Fear? She asked 
herself silently.  I'll never fear his flame.
	~And to burn a crowd that has a name.~
	With the song, coupled with the constant vibration of the 
engine matching Tsunami's comforting hum within Sasami's head, 
she began to feel her eyelids droop as peace settled on her.  An 
arm snaked around her shoulders and pulled her to his warm chest.  
Feeling totally safe and comfortable here and now she joined her 
other self in the world of dreams.

<Children - Robert Miles>

	Aeka had a problem.
	Nothing on the order of the life shattering, awe inspiring, 
universal-threatening type that never ceased plaguing the quiet 
life she was fairly certain SHOULD not be the norm around here, 
yet was.  However, there was a problem.
	Her problem was the plan that she and Ryouko had concocted 
for the dual purpose of finally and totally binding Tenchi to 
them, and have fun doing it.  While that was not exactly a 
problem per se, the exact nature of the 'fun' meant that she had 
to be quite a bit more daring than she had ever thought to be.
	This was a time when she actually envied Ryouko.  That girl 
had no inhibitions.  No doubts.  When she wanted something, she 
found a way to get it...no matter what.  If she loved you...she'd 
show it.  Every way she thought she could.  She was so open and 
honest with everything she did, she never lied to you about 
anything.  She just...couldn't.
	It occurred to Aeka that Ryouko would have never had the 
opportunity to learn to be dishonest, or learn to hide her 
feelings.  She wondered sometimes, what it would be like to be 
like that.
	Enough of this, she counseled herself.  Do you want Tenchi?  
She already knew the answer to that.  Then damn it Aeka, just do 
what I know I want to do!
	And she really did want to touch him.  Hold him.  Kiss him.  
Make love with him...but in front of everyone (well, not the love 
making obviously, she thought with a full body blush)?  
Well...actually she was not going to be doing all that, at least 
not yet, but she was going to have to do more than she had ever 
done with anyone.
	It was strangely exciting, but also somewhat terrifying.  
Even though the original idea HAD been hers, the actual execution 
of the plan (a plan that had not quite escalated to the point it 
had until her aunt, mother, and Washuu had 'suggested' more 
drastic measures were needed) left her feeling somewhat like a 
shy and introverted school girl.
	I mean, eventually I will be doing all of that, she said to 
herself as she ran a towel over her nubile form, removing the 
excess water of her bath.  Why am I so frightened?  Why do I need 
to be frightened?
	It was the same way she had felt when she had first 
contemplated leaving her homeworld in search of the only man she 
felt that she would ever be able to love.  Yet, when she had 
finally effected escape...
	What did I feel then?
	She remembered, the feeling of freedom.  Such wonderful, 
and unlimiting freedom.  The skies were the limit now...the 
universe had no boundaries.  It was like the weight of an entire 
cosmos had been lifted from her shoulders, and the excitement of 
the unknown that she was about to embark into had combined to 
fill her with a rush the likes of which she had never before 
imagined could exist, much less thought she would ever feel.
	It was almost the same as what she felt when she realized 
she loved Tenchi.  Really loved him, which was so different than 
what she thought she had for her brother.
	How could she fear this?  If it made her feel like this, 
how could she fear it?
	It was a big step...but it could only get better from here, 
she assured herself.
	She just hoped the anxiety wouldn't ruin it.
	She finally finished methodically drying every part of her 
body, and her long expanses of hair.  A long involved process 
considering the shear AMOUNT of hair she really had.  It really 
was a chore to keep it all clean and in such good condition.
	She went to one of the mirrors in the onsen, and began her 
daily inspection of the purple tresses that adorned her head.  It 
was a pain, she almost envied Sasami her new hair length, but she 
was quite proud of it regardless.
	She began running the brush she had brought with her 
through it, checking for snags and split ends during the process.  
To be honest she actually found the whole ritual, as it had been 
since she was quite little, to be rather soothing.  Kind of like 
a massage, but only she knew her hair well enough to be able to 
brush it with this professionalism.
	At that thought she stopped brushing, and let it all fall 
about her freely in an ever shifting cloak of amethyst.  There 
was so much of it that covered her breasts and legs, down almost 
to her ankles.
	She picked up a lock of it, watching her reflection as she 
idly rubbing it between her thumb and forefinger.  She realized 
she hadn't been totally honest with herself in quite a number of 
matters.
	If I am really going to do this...I'll do this as myself.
	After all, if Tenchi was going to love her, he would be 
able to do it regardless of what she might really look like.  He 
had demonstrated his accepting nature, quite a number of 
times...what with the amount of people that have just shown up on 
his doorstep.  There was no need to continue to indulge the naive 
impulse she had had as a small child when she had heard her 
fiancée to be, mention he preferred darker hair.
	Besides...she was curious as to what she would really look 
like, with what she used to have, what she SHOULD have.  It would 
be interesting, that was for sure.
	Turning from the mirror she started toward the changing 
room, and wondered whether or not Washuu and Hayes were busy 
today.
	Or busy with each other, she smirked.  Those two are 
insatiable, I swear!

<Billy Idol - Mony Mony>

	Of all the places in the entire universe, that I could have 
taken her to eat...why did she choose this fast food burger 
joint?  Cyraqs wondered mutely as he watched Sasami down her 
second 'Double Quarter Pounder with cheese.'
	Idly he scanned the physical content of the 
burger...mentally shuddering at the cholesterol and fat content, 
not to mention the other exotic chemicals that would be eaten, 
internally catalogued, and discarded as waste product by their 
body.
	In fact he was watching the entire process happen inside of 
her right now.  Food was being chewed, slowly as she savored each 
bite, carefully starting the digestion procedure as enzymes in 
her mouth began the breakdown of the complex chemical structures 
of the rather large cholesterol bomb, into simple sugars, 
proteins, and miscellaneous elements that the body needs for 
survival.
	I could have taken her to Alpha Centari.  I hear they have 
a great Seafood restaurant there.
	After that, the food now been given greater surface area 
traversed down her throat, and into her stomach.  There the acids 
and other bodily chemicals began the arduous process of 
dissolving the burger into something more useable by her rather 
beautiful body.
	Astaria.  Yep, should have gotten her to go to Astaria.  
The melted Xtryeip with fried gwerp would have definitely been 
much better than this.
	Eventually he saw this food passed onto her intestines, for 
further digestion and absorption.  What it could not use was 
passed on to be eliminated later.  As the useable portions were 
absorbed they passed into the blood stream where the sugars and 
proteins were sent to all parts of the body to help in the upkeep 
of its operation.  The sugars were combined with the oxygen 
brought from the lungs, also by the blood, which gave energy to 
the bodies cells to continue functioning.  The simple proteins 
were then absorbed by the cells, for both repair, and for use as 
raw materials when making new cells.
	Hmm...maybe Rashtaria?  I hear they actually make some kind 
of weird fried bug that is very popular in that quadrant.
	After this bite of the burger, Cyraqs watched them deftly 
grab a few long sticks of slightly oxidized potatoes, nearly 
soaked through with melted animal fat, from their red colored 
container. Then with a flourish, dipping them in something they 
called 'Ketchup' and adding it to the mouthful of food she was 
busy chewing on.  As she brought it down, he scanned these 
'fries', and shuddered when he saw, not only the extraneous fat, 
but also an over excess of the elements dubbed Sodium and 
Chloride, combined into a molecular form.  What's worse is when 
the Goddess-mortal decided this was not nearly enough, and doused 
the entire thing with a LOT more NaCl.
	Noticing his apparent interest in their fries, she offered 
him a few.  He politely declined.  Sighing in a way that said 
'your loss', she downed those few rapidly, and washed it down 
with a gulp from her giant 2 Liter Mt. Dew they had to get from 
that Taco place, because Mc Donald's didn't sell the Dew.
	Dimwits.
	"You do realize what's in all that food you're eating?"
	"mmm hmm!" they smiled happily and took another bite from 
the collection of bread meat and semi vegetables.  He visibly 
winced.
	"Is it really any good?"
	They nodded and offered him the last of bit of what he had 
decided could only barely pass for food.
	"I don't really..."  They gave him a look, one that would 
not give him the option to refuse, knowing full well he didn't 
actually need to eat to survive.
	What could it hurt? He thought.
	Certainly it couldn't hurt him...he could walk through 
super novas and be asking for a cigarette later.  Despite this it 
seemed he was nearly afraid as he grasped the remainder of the 
cholesterol nuke and brought it to his mouth.
	He also wondered if her insistence might have had something 
to do with the strange Japanese custom of indirectly kissing.  
Then he summarily dismissed it...
	I mean if they want kisses, they don't even need to ask.  
He grinned to himself.  I'd be more than happy to oblige.
	He took an experimental bite, absently noting they were now 
studying him, obviously wanting to gauge his reaction to it.  He 
chewed for a few long moments, then swallowed the now mashed up 
burger to be converted directly to energy, in his case.  He then 
pulled it back and studied it again, then looked to them.
	"Eh." he approved.
	Tsunami and Sasami facefaulted.

<She Blinded Me With Science - Thomas Dolby>

	Tenchi found that there were many mysteries in life that 
confounded him, even now.  Though some had been answered, as he 
had grown, and gained knowledge and experience, the answers 
usually had a bad habit of creating more questions.
	This was not necessarily a bad thing as even he knew there 
was no way he'd ever figure them all out...and the ones that he 
needed to figure out, he would.  There was, however, an exception 
to this rule.
	It had been a question that had bugged him since the 
earliest he could remember, when his mother would go to the hot 
springs with the family, or his aunt would come to visit.
	Such a question hounded him and plagued him, knawing at his 
consciousness every so often, pounding on him mercilessly.  
DEMANDING and answer that he, for the life of him, could never 
find.
	The question being quite simply why: did women have so much 
luggage?
	It was really hammering him as he physically picked up and 
stacked the various bits of luggage from various parts of the 
house...from the MANY ladies that were presently in residence, 
and stacking it in one corner of the living room.
	As he paused and examined the growing mass, not only did he 
conclude they were going to have to take at least 3 separate 
vehicles (which they DID have), but they were also going to have 
to shrink this cargo down to allow for ease of transport.  Easy 
enough...but how to keep his great aunt in the dark about it?
	Eh...he'd figure something out.  If not him then Washuu.  
Having a super genius scientist of her caliber living with you 
was something that DID have its advantages...especially since she 
quite literally adored hotsprings.
	Also his job would probably go faster if he didn't have to 
worry about Ryouko just bumping into him, casually caressing him, 
just breathing hotly around him...
	He shuddered in annoyance that she was every so often 
impeding his progress.  Worse still, he shuddered in longing, 
because the quite intense sexual experience he had felt that 
morning, she was not only keeping alive to an extent, but was 
deliberately (he knew she was doing THIS deliberately) fanning 
the flames of his desire.
	He could solve this problem right now.  All he would have 
to do would be to grab her, send them both to subspace 
and...and...
	Now how the hell was he even supposed to do that if he 
could not even think the words?  His already increased pulse and 
rising energies were telling him he was likely blushing furiously 
at even thinking such a thing.
	Besides, there was another complication to doing that too.
	That complication had just decided to hug him from behind.
	"Hi Tenchi."

<Belinda Carlile - Heaven is a Place on Earth>

	T'would have been very strange had one been wandering a 
certain mall, on a certain day in the country of Japan.  One 
probably would have seen a rather short youngish, youngish 
because the way he carried himself belied his apparent age, man 
with spiked up light blond hair walking slowly and smiling in a 
way that said it was a great time to be alive.
	This was not a terribly unheard of event, as foreigners 
were quite commonly seen in this area.  One could then ask why he 
was so happy, of course one would then have only to look to what 
was holding onto his arm to understand.
	A woman...girl?  Hard to tell, really.  Like her companion, 
she did not seem to have the bearing of her apparent age of 
fifteen or sixteen.  Yet, at the same time she did.
	Sometimes it alternated back and forth, so it could be seen 
she was acting subtly different, but at times strangely blended.
	In any case...they seemed to be enjoying themselves as they 
meandered to and fro between the shops and various other 
amusements the mall had to offer.
	That's before they encountered the video arcade.
	They stopped...and looked inside for nearly a five minutes, 
before the woman finally spoke.	
	"I bet I could kick your butt." The woman said smugly.
	In response, the scariest smile anyone had ever seen formed 
on his lips before he said, "You and what army?"

	Sho Kawasaki was undoubtedly the all time best Street 
Fighter player of all time.  Winner of countless private battles 
on all versions of the game, 23 local tournaments, 5 Japanese 
titles, and 2 'World Warrior' medals, he could, in fact, boast 
this, and not be considered a braggart.
	For him it would be simply stating a fact.
	It was great.  Players from all over the world would fly 
out just to challenge him, it was almost as if they were the real 
thing, flying out to face each other, to fight and see who was 
better.  There was, however, a decided disadvantage to this.
	No one else would play him anymore, he would beat them in 
less time it took them to plunk their quarter in and grasp their 
controls.  He was not one to brag exactly, but all that 
challenged him would feel his overwhelming disappointment that 
they could not give him a worthy challenge.  This led to his 
present dilemma.
	And after his fiftieth consecutive win against Sheng Long 
on Street Fighter 3, he was growing truly bored indeed.

<Now I'm a Believer - Monkeys>

	"Umm...excuse me." he heard a very beautiful, and very 
female voice say behind him.  Turning he beheld a tall, blue 
haired, vision of womanhood even more lovely than the voice led 
him to believe.  He also saw her companion some distance behind 
her...a warning clearly evident on his features, and unlike his 
mastery of the game of fighting...this particular person looked 
like he could demonstrate it for him (or on him) for real.
	He gave the shorter man a look that promised he'd dispel 
from his mind any possible thoughts of attracting the attention 
of this girl...hopefully fast enough that the girl in question 
wouldn't know of this maneuvering between the two of them (male 
pride and all).  He then looked up at her, tall as she was, and 
wondered why she had blue hair.  Then his mind filled that query 
under 'wait 5 minutes after coherent thought recapture' when she 
smiled at him.
	"Y-Yes?" he finally stammered out.
	"I was wondering...you are Sho Kawasaki?  The Street 
Fighter champion?"
	Drawing himself up as high as he dared, he relied with no 
small measure of pride.  "Yep!  That's me."
	Her eyes...her very pink beautiful eyes <Damn that she's 
taken, he cursed to himself> closed slightly as her smile changed 
from friendly to satisfied, losing no effect in transition.
	Maybe she'll want an autograph, or something.  
	It wasn't unheard of for people to ask this of him, and for 
such a babe to want this...well would make his day.  Hell his 
entire week.  So as he reached for the pen in the pocket in his 
pants (careful to banish all thoughts of the other pen in his 
pocket he jump at the chance to give her), all ready to give her 
the best autograph of his life, he damn near didn't catch the 
question she asked.
	And even then it took him about five seconds to process.  
Too long a time he supposed, considering she asked him again.
	"You...want to challenge me?"
	She nodded cheerily.
	He mulled it over in his head and decided what the hell?  
He'd have to lower his level for a bit, as just and excuse to 
keep her near...but it worked out fairly well for him.  
Hell...he'd even pay for her first game.
	He probably should have been paying more attention to her 
smile...which had turned to utter mischief.  Cyraqs groaned, 
shaking his head in exasperation.  Sasami and Tsunami were about 
to do something to this poor boy, and he really wasn't sure he 
wanted to be around here when they did.
	Fishing out the appropriate amount of change, Sho plunked 
it into the machine, and selected Dan.  He was a master with them 
all, but this one was one of the 'weaker' characters, so to 
speak.  Anything to increase his time with this blue haired 
goddess.
	He nearly cringed when she picked Dan as well.  This was 
going to be very bad.  Considering the fact he was one of the 
weakest, it would be a battle of skill alone, something he had in 
spades.  Extra care would be called for in this situation.
	"Round one!  Fight!"
	He led off, a simple combo of kicks and punches to test her 
skills...or so it would have been had she not countered and 
smashed his character to the ground.
	Realizing very quickly this girl had some skills, he 
modified his attack pattern accordingly...yet it seemed she had 
anticipated his new moves somehow, and put his character into a 4 
hit combo, ending with one of the super Techniques, they had 
selected at the beginning of the game.
	Not just good...really good.  A very high caliber player, 
probably as good as some of those who flew in from all over to 
challenge him.  Realizing holding back would not be necessary, he 
pulled every combo and attack strategy he had learned from his 
considerable experience, and succeeding in getting a few shots 
in...until she managed to maneuver him into a position where she 
was able to pull of probably the most devastating combo the 
character of Dan could do.
	"Dan wins!"
	A nearly forgotten feeling of adrenaline rushed through his 
body as the realization he could actually lose in this fight ran 
through him.  This was going to be a CHALLENGE.  He hadn't had 
one in so long.  He even forgot the appearance of his opponent as 
the thrill of battle washed over him, and his boredom vanished 
like so much ash in a strong wind.
	He wasn't even disappointed when he lost for a final time, 
some hour and a half later.
	"Good game."  Her face was flushed with excitement and her 
eyes bright with the elation of victory.
	"Yes."  he agreed.  "You've beaten me.  The title is 
yours."
	She appeared to consider it for a moment before she said, 
"Naa...I don't want that.  Besides...I took you by surprise."  He 
tried to say something to the effect of he shouldn't have let his 
guard down, but she overrode him before he had a chance to utter 
it.  "And I really don't want the publicity."
	He shrugged.  "Ah well then.  Can I at least challenge you 
some other time?"
	"But of course!" she beamed.
	"For now however..." Her companion had walked up to them 
both, and now stood by her side.  "I challenge the winner."
	He laughed, and left the arcade to wander the mall some 
more.  It had been quite sometime since he had heard that, and it 
wasn't directed it at him.  Humming began humming a little tune 
in his travel, enjoying this feeling of satisfaction he hadn't 
felt in quite sometime.
	Tsunami glanced over to her new challenger, letting her 
eyes rove the power and poise of the man to her side.  Yes...he 
would not be a very easy opponent.  "One shall stand, one shall 
fall." she challenged
	"Why throw away your quarters so recklessly?"
	"That's a question you should ask yourself, love."  She 
smirked in her mischief.  "Besides, you have more."
	He tried to glare at her, he really did.  Yet it only came 
out as a disgruntled grimace, much to her continuing amusement.
	There must be a way I can get back at her, he thought as 
the game commenced.

<Alice Cooper - Poison>

	Aeka had just exited from Washuu's lab, albeit a bit 
hastily since it looked as if Washuu was on the verge of quite 
literally sending the lab to the next dimension, in one of her 
experiments.  It seemed that after regaining her godhood...she 
was pulling stuff that was more and more bizarre (even going by 
Washuu standards).  Funny thing was she was assured by Tsunami, 
that Washuu was actually much more tame than she was in her hey 
day.  Aeka wondered how the universe could have possibly 
survived.
	However since Washuu was busy with that particular project, 
her husband had happily lent her his assistance.
	She chuckled as she remembered the look on his face when 
she had made her request known to him.
	"Umm...you did what to yourself?" He had asked, in the 
oddest tone of voice she had ever heard.
	"Yes, I did that."  she had confirmed.  "Why the look?"
	"Just remembering that my eldest once did the same thing to 
himself.  Though the reasons were different, the effect was no 
less odd."  He nodded...still with his teeth showing and his eyes 
somewhat askew.  "Oaaakkkaaaayyyy...come this way young one.  
This won't take very long."
	Actually it only took maybe a second for the process to 
complete itself once he had set up the equipment necessary, and 
even that did not take long fortunately.  Now she examined her 
one of her long locks in her fingers.
	It looks so...odd.
	She rubbed it between her fingers a bit and noticed it even 
felt different.  A weird uplaceable texture...much different than 
before, yet no less thick and full.  She resisted the urge to go 
to her room, to examine the differences in the mirror.  She 
wanted a certain someone to see her like this first...before she 
saw it for herself.
	She wanted HIS reaction before she had her own.  No matter 
what happened she would keep this, but...still she wanted to know 
what he would think of it.
	His opinion really did mean that much to her.
	It is really done, she thought, letting the lock of hair 
drop to her side.  She moved, and marveled how it all swirled 
about her prettily...she had not yet put it in her customary 
braids.
	Time enough for that later, she decided.  Now I must find 
Tenchi.
	That did not prove to be the problem that she thought she 
might have at first.  She found him, his gaze riveted to a stack 
of suitcases and various other bits of luggage; pondering them as 
if they were the most fascinating things in the universe.
	It was her turn now.  A perfect opportunity...he probably 
wouldn't even feel her approach.  Yet still she found 
herself...holding back.  She just could not...be so bold.  So...
	Her eyes began roving him, his legs, his arms, and his 
chest.  His face.
	He has such a beautiful face.  And those eyes...I really 
could loose myself in them now.  Heh...he's so lost in what he's 
doing he hasn't noticed that I...
	I've come up right behind him, she realized in some bit of 
fear.  Fear, and more than a bit of excitement.
	She could feel whatever fear was holding her back from what 
she was longing for.  His touch, the feeling of his body in her 
embrace...just to walk up and be able to hold him, without being 
thought of as...
	Oh stuff all that protocol BS! she told herself savagely.
	Still, tentatively, like she expected at any second to have 
him turn, or to have some unforeseen event snatch this moment 
from her, for whatever reason, her arms raised, and her hands 
reached out.  Ever so gently her fingertips brushed his shoulders 
lightly...she felt him stiffen in surprise.  Now fear that he 
would pull away came upon her, as that which kept her from 
previous decisive action had melted the moment she had come in 
contact with Tenchi.
	As her arms went about him, it was like she had him trapped 
in some sort of force that not even he could break, though she 
knew for a fact he was infinitely stronger.  Yet he seemed unable 
to move now.

<I Love You, Always, Forever - Donna Lewis>

	"Hi Tenchi."  She greeted shyly, softly.
	Lovingly.
	Tenchi gulped...and some how managed to turn in those 
pliant...wonderful arms.
	"Uhh...Hi Aeka."
	"Hi Tenchi."
	That was when he noticed a very remarkable difference in 
the way Aeka looked.  Her hair used to be dark purple...like her 
fathers.  Now it was sky blue.
	Like her mother.
	"Umm...Uhh..." he stammered as her eyes literally held him.  
"Aeka...hair?"
	Her head tilted and a slight expression of doubt crept up 
on her features...though she kept the slight upturn of her lips.  
"You like?"
	"Uhh...why?"
	"I had it changed when I was younger.  Now it's back the 
way it should be."  She lost her smile as she completed her 
explanation.  The look of doubt increased.  "Do you...like?"
	He performed a scan of her genetic structure, confirming 
her story, and satisfying idle curiosity.  Not that this 
mattered...Aeka still looked good.
	Even so, it was still Aeka.
	"Of course I like it Aeka.  I don't know why you decided to 
do that, but..."
	"Oh THANK YOU, TENCHI!"
	There were worse things than having a beautiful girl throw 
herself at him, he figured.  However, this particular girl, 
actually two particular girls, had this way of doing thing to him 
that made him feel...uneasy.
	Such was the way she was gently, ever so slightly (Tenchi 
mistakenly figured she probably didn't even know she was doing 
it), pressing and rubbing herself upon him, as she grasped him in 
her enthusiastic embrace.
	Did wonders for him, as physical contact only heightened 
all the sensory input he received from her body...all the ones he 
really wished he didn't have.  It was really hard not to respond 
to all the need and want he could feel from this girl...and his 
powers would no longer let him ignore it.
	Nor would they let him ignore the general FEEL of them at 
any time.  Every where he went in this house he could detect 
whiffs of their energies, determining from them basic information 
about them.  Unfortunately one of the most prominent...actually 
the most prominent was their desire for him.  Be it his presence 
or anything else, it didn't matter.
	He did say he was going to deal with this after what has 
now come to be known as the final Goddess War.  Now that that was 
out of the way...why hadn't he?
	Because I have no idea what the hell to do! he told 
himself.  He briefly considered asking for some advice...then 
ruthlessly crushed the idea.  This is my problem!  I once accused 
myself of not being man enough to face my problem...I don't want 
to go back to being like that again!  I'll handle it!
	Somehow.
	Aeka had, by this point, simply relaxed against him, 
marveling in just how NICE he felt like that.  What was to fear 
about this?  She had kissed him before in front of everybody, 
though that was more passion of the moment, than deliberate 
action. And though this was different, still this could not even 
be close to considered improper if it felt this good, and even if 
it did...
	Hell with it, she decided.
	Especially since Tenchi now seemed to be, just as 
tentatively as she herself at first, returning her embrace.  This 
feels too good.
	"Hey Aeka, can you come help me?"
	And there is Ryouko...right on cue.  Damn...but I know this 
is part of the plan in case either of us gets too caught up in 
what we are doing...but it just...oh he's going to pay for being 
so damn attractive soon.
	She pulled away, for Tenchi's startled grasp, as he had 
looked as if he had been enjoying that...just a bit too much too.
	Just how where we want you, Aeka thought.  The anticipation 
is going to make this end game all the sweeter.
	That thought brought a blush to her cheeks as she turned 
from Tenchi and hurried away.
	Tenchi walked over to the nearby sofa, sat down hard on it, 
with he hands clutched in his hair so hard that he was 
dangerously close to pulling it out.
	"Oh God..." He muttered as his feelings of longing and lust 
ran through him rampantly.
	This hurts!  Do they know what they are doing to me, being 
so...so...damn affectionate like that?!
	He decided to take a walk.

<Call of the Zombie - Rob Zombie>

	Entertaining.  As always.
	Lord Toshiro's request had been rebutted...again.  Still, 
he was the only ranking lord with the balls to keep pestering the 
Emperor on the subject of his two erstwhile daughters, and when 
they were going to be married off.  After Seriyou's recent 
disgrace other lords had begun slowly pressuring the Emperor to 
allow them the opportunity to prove themselves to him, and thus 
gain favor...then of course marry the princess and put themselves 
in line for the throne.
	Like that would happen.  Something had definitely thrown 
the Emperor off track concerning the marriage arrangements of his 
daughter.  The other one was off limits, considering she was 
still a priestess elect.
	However if his informants were telling him accurate 
information, and if what he surmised was true...that one and her 
circumstances would be the key to everything.
	He continued his thoughts as the council broke for the day.  
Among other plans one of the most prominent on his way to the 
main Temple of the holy order of Tsunami was making plans to pass 
on to his 'partner' Y.  This would begin the process of bringing 
in a certain amount of Y's warriors and putting them in the right 
places to stifle what will happen quickly, when and if word of 
what happens to the youngest princess gets out.
	But it would have to be quick.  So quick that those who 
could crush him with a thought would not be able to react in 
time.
	But if they did...there might be a way to hold them off for 
a time as well.
	He was gambling here.  One way would ensure ultimate 
victory.  But if he screwed up in the slightest...
	His pulse quickened at the anticipation of the game nearing 
its end, and the incredible crescendo it would reach just before.  
Either victory or defeat against such odds.  Despite the reasons 
that drove him to his actions, the situation...the 
danger...actually excited him.
	It would be very interesting to see what the history books 
thought of him.

<Any Way You Want It - Journey>

	A smooth pink tongue creeped out from behind closed lips, 
and slowly licked those very same lips in near orgasmic ecstasy 
as the object of the girl's passion came into Sasami's view.
	Oh could it be so close yet so far?  She asked it dreamily.  
Will you not come closer so I may touch you?
	Delicate hands reached out, for they had the same will as 
their owner, to grasp the long part of the delectable morsel that 
had come into her reach.
	Oh sooo loonnnggg...and smooth.  Oh the things I'm going to 
do to you.  Oh the pleasures you and I will have together.  Oh 
I'm going to gobble you up!
	"I don't see how a girl as small as you two is going to get 
something that big inside of her." Cyraqs told her offhandedly.
	"Oh...don't worry about me," Tsunami reassured him. "I'm 
very good at it."
	A single eyebrow of his shot up as the tone of their voice 
became even more...sultry, drool nearly creeping from their 
mouths as their lust overtook them.
	"Are you sure about that?"
	"Yep...just leave it all to me."
	"ME!" Sasami corrected.
	"No me...err..."  Tsunami glared internally at her 
otherself. 
	You're bad Sasami!
	I know.  But let's do it!
	YES!
	That poor Super Duper Banana split with the extra chocolate 
sprinkles never had a chance.
	"I still don't know..." He grimaced in worry.  "That's 
almost a tenth of your body weight.  Sure you can handle it?"
	They rose from their gorging, their lips covered in cream 
and said confidently, "You'd be surprised what we can handle."
	"Not really.  I seriously doubt you could shock me."  They 
choked back a laugh...otherwise they might have been spewing ice-
cream all over the place.  "What?"
	Of course he would notice, they smiled to themselves.  But 
he won't know of our little tryst for a long time.
	Smiling to themselves only had the effect of looking to 
Cyraqs as if they were smiling mysteriously.  To which he 
inwardly cursed the opposite sex for being so annoyingly 
unknowable...and at the same time so attractively unknowable that 
he couldn't stay mad at them for very long.  So he only wound up 
getting mad at himself for not being able to stay mad at them.  A 
sort of Zen riddle...that for some reason he could not bring 
himself to figure a way out of.
	So he settled on, "You have cream all over your mouth."
	To which their smile...changed into their mischievous grin.  
He was getting quite used to seeing that on their face...and most 
of the time have it directed at him.  That smooth pink tongue of 
theirs crept out once again, and began to lap up the white foamy 
substance slowly, savoring every morsel as they pulled it back 
into their mouth, making a throaty rumble every so often as they 
did so.
	An involuntary reflex of the male anatomy began to take 
over, causing Cyraqs to begin shifting uncomfortably in his seat 
across from her in the ice cream cafe. Again, he couldn't find it 
within himself to get angry with them for this...
	But oh, did he wish he could.  Only those two could get 
that kind of a...rise out of him.  Not only did they know it, 
they were playing with it as much as they could.  He could do 
naught but blame himself for his lack of control.
	He really wished he'd beaten them at that damn game.  But 
then he knew that he'd just taken them here anyway if they 
wanted.  Damn them.
	They were going to pay.  Somehow, someway...they were 
definitely going to pay for this one.

<Fable - Robert Miles>

	Tenchi's steps unerringly led him to the place that had 
been his safe place since even before he could remember.  There 
was always something about it that was comforting, no matter what 
his troubles were.  He could come to this one place, and 
something would be there for him.  Even when his mother 'died.'
	The cave.
	Though he had long since destroyed the interior of the 
cave, to put many ghosts to rest, the entrance to it remained 
relatively untouched.  It was that exact spot he had often come.
	It was here Ryouko would watch out for him, and take care 
of him in the only way she could at the time.
	Yes, he remembered now.  He remembered every cursed and 
blessed memory that he ever had, and could recall in such vivid 
detail as to think he was really there again.  Quite a few he 
really didn't want to remember.
	Some, like this, he wondered how he had forgotten.
	As he sat down at the mouth to the cave, he could still 
feel the presence she had left behind, even after she had been 
released.  Seven hundred years in this place had left its 
permanent mark.  He doubted that it would ever go away, unless 
this place was totally destroyed.  Yet it was muted, now that she 
was no longer in it.
	And it was still his place.  Someplace to come and 
meditate.  Let his cares and troubles of the day just fade and...
	Reappear and stare at him from the cliff above him.
	Ryouko had tracked him down and had taken up residence up 
on the ledge of the cliff above him, and was now thoroughly 
engrossed in the activity of staring at him.
	Just that.  Staring at him.
	He closed his eyes and cleared his mind of all thoughts.
	Just watching him.
	He floated a few feet off the ground, his position that of 
one that was of a slightly modified Zen technique; being that his 
he was about a meter and a half above the earth.
	Just letting her eyes rove up and down every micrometer of 
his body.
	A deep void, not even color existed in this pure 
nothingness that was now his consciousness.
	Those golden eyes of such hypnotic beauty holding and 
touching him, just as assuredly as if she were in physical 
contact with him.	There was no outside, no inside, no...
	Ryouko...
	Sighing in defeat, Tenchi let his legs touch the ground 
once more. He wasn't meditating...he couldn't, not like this.  
Not with one of them watching him like that.  There was no void 
then, it was filled with nothing but them.  All his 'meditations' 
had done was intensify even more, what he was feeling, and 
sharpen them to a crystal clarity.
	This was driving him out of his mind.  Could they not 
understand he was trying to figure out what should be done about 
their situation?  Did they not want him to figure it out?  It was 
like they were deliberately going out of their way to so lovingly 
torment him.
	For once he actually cursed that they were making him the 
focus of their attentions, and not keeping each other off of him.  
Could he get no breaks in this universe?
	For fear of getting a giant "HELL NO!" type of sign blazing 
from the heavens he assassinated that thought quickly and 
quietly, hoping that there were no witnesses, knowing that hope 
was pure folly.  So he sighed again, sinking further into his 
'misery.'
	Depressed by pleasure.  That is the ultimate irony, he 
thought.  Frowning as this mood overtook him he simply sent 
himself to the middle of a black hole...probably the most 
uncomfortable place imaginable for him presently.
	At least the discomfort he would feel might just take his 
mind off of his current troubles long enough to figure something 
out.

<Saddness - Enigma>

	Ryouko clutched herself, hard, as she felt his emotions 
when he lost control of them for a second.  The dark and sad 
feelings hit her as hard as they always did when it came to 
him...worse in this case, because it was she that was doing it to 
him, deliberately too.
	This seemed like a good idea at first, and was even 
amusing...at first.
	Now all she could feel about it was how sick she was of 
what she had just did because she was the one responsible for his 
depression.  It wasn't like he hadn't made her just as depressed 
at some points, but that was his ignorance and fear, not him 
going out of his way to do that to her.
	Suddenly feeling like emptying her lunch she shifted her 
presence to the house, back to Aeka's room where Aeka herself was 
waiting.
	Aeka was about to ask how it went but was forestalled as a 
distraught Ryouko threw herself at Aeka and began sobbing 
uncontrollably.
	"I can't do it anymore!  It's hurting him now!"
	Aeka held Ryouko attempting to comfort her onetime rival if 
she could.  "What happened?"
	"It's hurting him now!  He's trying to figure it out, and 
what we are doing is hurting him!  I can't...I can't...We have to 
end this!"  And then Ryouko told Aeka exactly what happened on 
the ridge, how Tenchi was trying to meditate on this problem, how 
he felt her eyes on him, and what she heard from his mind when he 
momentarily lost control.
	Aeka did not cry, but she felt as disgusted as Ryouko.  
"Yes.  No more.  It's enough...time to end this."
	Ryouko pulled back, her golden eyes locked with the crimson 
eyes of Aeka, and nodded once.
	It was long past time for this little drama to come to its 
conclusion.

	Washuu looked away from her terminal, then to her husband, 
who stood behind her.	 "I was wondering when they would make 
their final moves."
	Hayes returned her gaze with a quizzical one of his own.  
"Was this really necessary?"
	"Yes...no...perhaps."  She stood with some small effort, 
due to her temporary gain of weight, and with a bit of help via 
her husband, from her floating cushion.  "I want them to get this 
over with, and get on with the rest of their lives.  With each 
other, they will have much joy."  She then hugged Hayes.  "I want 
them together, before anything can possibly rip them apart."
	He nodded. "I understand.  But forcing them might have the 
same effect."
	"I'm just leading them to answers, they have to choose what 
might happen."
	"Same difference."
	She leaned into him and sighed. "Maybe.  But experience has 
shown that this place is not peaceful for very long.  We have to 
grab it while we are still able."  she paused, "They could keep 
this up forever.  It must end."
	"I don't know." He said while holding Washuu.  "Maybe you 
are right. Maybe you are wrong.  Maybe it's not really 
applicable."  He too sighed.  "Got me on which.  But over the 
years I've become a master of manipulation, and I know you and 
your sisters have done your fair share.  One thing I have to say 
is I don't like it, as I take from them their lives, making them 
mine.  I'd rather they live their lives, than us living it for 
them."
	"In other words watch that I don't start controlling rather 
than influencing." She gritted her teeth irritably.  "Damn...not 
back a decade and you are already lecturing me.  Your son has 
picked up that bad habit of yours, you know."
	He chuckled at those words.  "It's our job."

<Take Me Half Way (Across the Sky) - Kenny Loggins>

	It was about an hour or two later, after they had finished 
browsing the mall from bow to stern, that they found themselves 
sitting down on a bench in front of the mall's main fountain, 
Sasami and Tsunami's many purchases beside of them (not even 
impacting his finances one bit). The goddess-mortal soon found 
themselves leaning peacefully on his chest, one of his arms 
around them.
	They had been finding themselves in this position quite 
often.  Ever since he had promised he'd stay it just 
seemed...natural, almost familiar in a way.
	Oh how long I have wished for just this, Tsunami told her 
otherself.
	I can tell.  Sasami replied, as she adjusted them for 
maximum comfort, enjoying it as much as Tsunami.
	I know we've had this discussion, Sasami...but are you sure 
you want this?  You're not just doing this for me or because 
you're feeling what I am?
	Sasami smiled inwardly.  Yes, she assured her soul 
companion.  I do love him.  If anything I should be thanking you 
for introducing him to me.  I'm just surprised you're not 
jealous.
	Tsunami sputtered within the silence of their mind, before 
she finally broke out into a truly amused laughter.
	Sasami's proverbial eyes began to twitch.  What? she asked.
	You'll find out later.  Tsunami told her mysteriously.  
When you'll believe it, she added to herself.
	"Whatcha two thinking?"  Cyraqs asked them.
	After a minute or two of more readjustments to maximize 
their contact with him they said, "Lots of things."
	"You sound like me when you both talk."
	They glanced up, eyes twinkling with mischief.  "What?  
Deep and growling?"
	"Heh...no."  He kissed them on top of the head.  "You talk 
with two voices.  Kind of reverberates."
	"Oh...so we sound like an Arcee?"
	"Mmm...no more like an Elita Won."
	"So who are you...Optimus Prime?"
	He chuckled.  "Naaa...more like a devoted fanboy."
	"Who'll worships his favorite character, wearing T-shirts 
with her face on the front, collecting comics just because she is 
in it, and things like that?"
	"Oh absolutely.  So please, my dear Goddess-girlfriend; 
grant me the gift of your angelic smile for the next issue of my 
favorite Shoujo manga?"
	They did as requested, not that it was very hard for them 
right now, they were practically floating in cloud of pure bliss.  
"That's the first time I've heard you call me that."
	"What's that?"
	"Your girlfriend."
	He thought about what he said for a moment, noticing that 
yes, he did say that.  "Well...isn't it true?"
	"Yes." They agreed, though they both considered it even 
more.  Though this was progress, when they could make him admit 
openly to himself even something like that.  "But you've never 
said it."
	Just how close are you two now? he wondered.
	More and more, they had been speaking as one, though still 
two, their thoughts intertwined with each other more often than 
not...even to the point where they would hold entire 
conversations as one voice.
	Well...a blended voice, he amplified to himself.
	It saddened him in a way.  The woman he had fallen in love 
with was slowly slipping away.  The girl that had captured his 
heart was leaving too.  Both of them becoming something that was 
to be the assimilation of their two individual souls.
	Someone that was them and not them, as Tsunami had told 
him.
	Tsunami lived with the fear of what was happening, taking 
what comfort from him she could; still knowing that even now 
Sasami wouldn't believe what was happening with them, and what 
had happened to her in the past.
	But on the day that Sasami realized it...
	Sasami felt Tsunami's shifting mood, and drew as close as 
she could to the goddess in the recesses of their shared mind, in  
a mental hug.  The combined warmth of the girl and the man worked 
its way through her, despite the recent path her thoughts had 
wandered down.
	Tsunami was definitely going to miss the conversations she 
had with Sasami.  And the way she could just snap her out of any 
dark mood...like now.
	Damn it, she said silently...impotently.
	Only thing to be done, was enjoy the time they had left.
	"I'll tell you what..."  They glanced up at him.  "How 
about we go to the Karaoke bar, and you can impress everyone with 
that voice of yours."
	Sasami squealed in girlish delight at the thought, 
completely overpowering Tsunami's uncheery feelings.  One of her 
favorite things to do was to sing Karaoke with her sister and the 
rest of her family.  Though they weren't here right now, this 
could prove to be fun...especially if they could get him in on 
it.
	Like that would be a problem.
	So, as he was forced off his seat by the megami-ko with 
unbridled youthful energy, bolstered by near unlimited cosmic 
power and hormones on a now muted, but mad rampage; he considered 
that it might have been a mistake for him to suggest that to 
them.  Then shook his head ruefully in silent self-rebuttal.  
This trip was for them, and it was just then that he realized 
just what he would do, if they asked it of him.  Only one other 
had ever had that kind of power over him...and like her, Sasami 
and Tsunami would never abuse it (annoying me with it 
unfortunately does not count, he mentally noted).
	And he'd do it...all to see her smile.  That saddened him 
most of all, that one day he might not see her smile just for him 
again.
	That was, yet another reason he had taken them out on this 
<Oh just call it what it is, he yelled at himself.> date.
	We really don't have very much time left...do we?

<I Want to Know What Love is - Foreigner>

	Hours had passed on the bridge of Yukinojo, no sound could 
be heard coming from his room.  Yet she could feel him.  How she 
did not know, but she could.   She could feel him 
hurting...curled up in a little ball on his bed... clutching 
himself in agony...feeling so close to his woman...yet so far...
	She grabbed her hair and pulled it in frustration.  
"GODDAMNIT WHY DOES THIS HAVE TO BE SO DIFFICULT!"  She screamed.  
"Enough already." she mumbled.  Rising she walked purposely to 
the back of her ship, and entered the berthing area.  Only four 
rooms were back here.  Hers was on the left aft.  His was right 
next to hers, left forward.
	"Ryuken?"  She called.  No answer.  "Ryuken?"
	"Go away..." Came his tortured reply.
	She leaned her head on the door, and clutched at it, though 
she grabbed nothing.  "Ryuken, open the door.  I know what's 
going on."
	"Please just go."
	She gritted her teeth.  This was not going very well.  "Let 
me in.  I can..."
	"GO!" he screamed.
	So is that how it is huh?  She reached over and tapped the 
button next to the door.  It was locked, but the door slid open 
anyway.
	He was worse than she imagined he would be.  He hadn't even 
made it to his bed, on the floor in a corner (like Sasami told me 
Cyraqs had been) huddled into himself.  The feral face, the shear 
animal that he was showing that he was fighting...gods.  How 
could he contain it?  She walked in and the door slid shut behind 
her.
	"Let me in."  She repeated.  Slowly she reached up behind 
her head, removing the ribbon.  Her curly locks cascaded down in 
a wave of golden color.
	She no longer needed that crutch, thanks to him.
	"Go..."
	"Let me in."  She walked toward him.
	"Go..." he whispered again.
	"Let me in."   She reached his side.
	"Go..Don't want to hurt..."
	"Let me in."  She bent down and looked him in his purple 
eyes.
	"No...Love you too much to hurt..."
	"Let me in."  She breathed into his lips.
	"Love you too..."
	"Let me..."  Mihoshi said no more.  Course it was kind of 
hard to say anything when another set of lips are pressed tightly 
on yours.
	The woman had come to him, and suddenly that nagging thing 
called consciousness was no longer troubling him.  Grasping her, 
he sought to draw her tightly to him, only to find himself under 
the woman on the floor.
	Unexpected.  Yet, easily accommodated.  Either way she was 
going to be his.  
	Her fangs pressed up against his lips as she forced...
forced?  Why did she need to force her tongue within my mouth?  
No matter.  The man corrected that, gratefully accepting, 
struggling to give her something in return for her offering.
	Ryuken's hands came up, pushing her up and her shirt off 
with such a passionate force as to pull almost painfully at her 
slight fur coat.  Mihoshi gasped as his hands encountered her 
bare skin, and strangely, in total counter point to his previous 
fervor, began to ever so lightly caress her.  Driving her higher 
into her own passions.
	"Mmmmmm..."  Came a throaty rumble from her, the woman was 
pleased.  Good, that makes it all the better.  Though her shirt 
was off, her breasts were still obstructed from his view.  That 
would not do.  Not even bothering to find a way to undo 
her...supports...he cut the near corset off with his psyonic 
power, with such precision that would have made any master of the 
psy arts envious.  He studied the two orbs momentarily.  They 
were well sized.  Not too big, not too little.  Formed perfectly.  
Here and there he noticed streaks of blond hair within the brown 
on her breasts, making them almost tiger striped in nature.  And 
her nipples...a dark chocolate brown.  Yes, very nice, he 
concluded as his fingertips began to brush them.
	Mihoshi gasped again as her bra-like garment came off, 
freeing her ample bosom.  Gonna have to get another set, she 
thought idly.  Ryuken's hands continued their gentle..."OH!" she 
cried suddenly.  Something he was doing was feeling VERY good.  
Looking down at her chest, toward where his fingertips were 
slowly, lightly caressing her breasts, she saw his hands had 
begun to emit a white light.
	Oh Washuu, you were so right...Oh my.  They 
all...Oh..."Ryuken." she whispered.
	His mouth parted in a near snarl.  Good, the woman was VERY 
pleased.  He could feel her arousal...smell it on her skin.  A 
pheromone pleasing to the senses, exciting him further.  Suddenly 
her hands came down on his shirt, pulling the doublet away 
easily.  She looked at him for a moment, he could see the lust, 
and even more, in her eyes as her eyes roved his chest.  This has 
gone on long enough!
	She felt him tense; she knew what was coming.  This time 
she did not counter him as he roughly brought her down to him his 
mouth cupping her breasts, trying in vain to swallow them.
	"Oh...don't stop..." she pleaded.
	His hands had continued that strange glowing 
thing...tracing lines of energy where they touched.  Exciting 
nerves as they passed, in an incredibly pleasing way.  And his 
lips encircling her breasts right now...sharing that strange 
aura.  She began to breathe heavily; an ache that had appeared in 
her middle when she started had now grown into extreme 
discomfort.  She had nearly forgotten what this felt like...it 
had been so long.  This time it was even better.
	This time it was more than simple physical gratification...
this it was with her man...HER man, the one she had chosen to be 
with.  It was different than anything she had ever felt before.  
It meant more.  It WAS more...and soon it would be even more than 
that.  She would have shared something with him, very personal, 
very private.  Something he didn't want her to experience.  He 
didn't want to hurt her.
	How could this hurt her?  Perhaps in a fit of passion?  Not 
likely.  To see him like this?  Does he think it would horrify 
her?  Perhaps at first...but it was Ryuken now.  That makes all 
the difference.  It was Ryuken...it was part of him.  That she 
could accept.  Could he not understand?  He would after this.  He 
would have to.
	Then again, if she recalled what Washuu said correctly, it 
could be a few days before he was coherent enough to talk to.  Oh 
well, she could wait.  His hands had begun kneading her buttocks 
in a most sensual manner.  Especially if he kept this up, she 
thought with a shudder of pleasure.
	Suddenly she felt her pants unzipped and being forced off.  
Hard to do in her position, but she managed to squirm a bit to 
help out...noticing his arousal pressed through his clothing on 
her thighs while she did.  Oh my...the ache had spread from her 
middle and now encompassed her whole body...she would need to do 
something soon, and it seemed Ryuken was already beyond that 
point.
	Beyond and almost frantic, desperately she opened his pants 
up and levered herself above him.  Foreplay, if it could have 
been called that, was long done.  Now was the time to begin in 
earnest.
	Not even bothering to look at what she was about to do, 
she..well she would have, if he had not levered himself up and 
inside of her before she could act.
	For a moment they just sat there...not quite believing the 
suddenness...then she settled down fully on him, letting him fill 
her completely.
	For a moment more she reveled in the sensation of him, his 
rod fully inside her.  It felt GOOD.  Really good.  It had really 
HAD been awhile.
	Then she began to move.
	The woman began to move on him.  He snarled a bit, yes this 
wetness, this tightness...but more...he began to move with her, 
his hips meeting hers in time...much more I need.  In 
milliseconds he grabbed her, and had her pinned under him.  He 
began to move in her faster, hips slamming hers roughly.  She 
looked a little startled at first, but soon lost herself in his 
passions, and her own.
	The woman moved and moaned with him, he almost could not 
care as he snarled and howled his own pleasure in this act.  
Suddenly the woman stopped, then grasped him with strength that 
surpassed even his own...what the?  Every muscle in her body 
tensed, he could not move.  He felt her fangs bite into his 
shoulder, then she began to shudder uncontrollably. 
	Her pleasure had come first, and it had come violently.  
The man couldn't believe what he was feeling inside her, her 
clenching, pulsing, and almost crushing him.  It was so good, 
so...his aura flashed briefly as her orgasm drove him to his 
limits...and beyond.
	Mihoshi felt him grab her as hard as she held him, and she 
felt white hot essence force itself inside her.  She began to 
taste a strange salty tang in her mouth.  Gasping she realized 
she had just bit him hard enough to draw blood with her fangs.  
Then he collapse on her, breathing hard.  His weight upon her 
felt good, if a little restrictive...heh, he seemed a little worn 
out.  Then again so was she.  	She knew it was only 
temporary...soon the Rage would compel him again.  She just hoped 
she was up to it.  She hoped she hadn't hurt him very much 
either.  She had never been so excited that she had actually USED 
those fangs on a guy before!
	Oh my, that was so nice...though I think I'm going to have 
bruises tomorrow, she thought with a languorous smile.
	"Mihoshi." She heard him rumble.  Shifting himself slightly 
he levered up to look her in the eyes.  
	Wow!  You can actually speak now, Mihoshi exclaimed to 
herself.  I must be better than I thought.
	"Mihoshi...I...err..."  he struggled.  What do I say?  What 
can I say?  I didn't want this...well not like this.  Now...oh 
man...she's going to..."I'm sorr..."  An interesting sound effect 
is made when a fist strikes bone.  Not a *thwap* more of a 
*chock* but sharper and louder.  For a second his ears rang with 
that sound.  Puzzled, he looked at her face, which had turned 
from serene to angry.  Very angry.
	"If you apologize for this I swear to every god I know, I 
will beat the hell out of you."  And she probably could too, he 
thought.  "I knew what I was doing.  What do you need to feel 
sorry about?"
	"But, I err..."  What am I trying to say?  That I love her?  
Didn't want to hurt...grimacing as he felt a slight twinge in his 
shoulder...looks like she hurt me more than I did to her.  No, 
this isn't it.  What is it?
	"This is a part of you, I love that as much as I love you.   
Can't I love you?"  She asked in her strange innocence.
	"Mihoshi..."  She continued looking at him with that 
expression, needing his answer.  "How can I answer that?"  Her 
expression did not change, yet something about her changed, or 
perhaps it was something inside of him.  Whatever it was he 
finally found the answer.  "I've never been able to love before.  
Never.  I've been married twice.  I loved neither one, and they 
died in our wars.  The woman I did love, I couldn't get close to.  
She would have been an instant target."  He took a deep breath 
before he quietly continued.  "And she died anyway.  A long time 
ago."
	A couple of tears trickled out of Mihoshi's eyes, and she 
grasped him to her as hard as she could.  "I won't ever leave 
you.  I promise you that." she said fiercely.  "And you destroyed 
them...they'll never hurt anyone you love again right?  That's 
one of the reasons you did what you did, right?"  She held him 
tighter.  "Right?  So your family...you are free now?"
	Her breath was a soothing heat on his face.  Calming, 
comforting him. Her arms around him; that of friend trying to be 
there for him.  No, more than a friend, a lot more.  "I love you 
Mihoshi."  He looked at her fearfully.  "You promise not to 
leave?"
	She watched this man, suddenly turn into a frightened 
little boy in her arms.  A boy who so desperately needed to love 
someone, to be loved by someone, the way she could love him.  And 
she would, always.  "I promise, my love."  She said softly.
	For some reason he believed her.  Come to think of it 
though...this was Mihoshi.  What could honestly kill her?  He 
prayed to never find out.  And as she drew him back into her 
arms, he had this feeling he never would.  There was a very funny 
thing about Mihoshi that his brother had told him.  Mihoshi was 
really the Megami of Luck.
	Ryuken kissed her fervently while considering the 
ramifications of that before deciding:  To be the one Mihoshi 
chooses, is all the luck I need.
	Then his mind was lost...completely.

<Tangerine Dream - Cottage>

	The door to the Misaki home creaked open late that night.  
A short man with arms full of half asleep, blue haired girl-
goddess walked in silently through hallway carefully so as not to 
bump the his dozing lady friend and cause her discomfort.
	Or wake up any sleeping members of the household.  Which 
could be a bad thing, all things considered.
	"Cyrsss..." Tsunami slurred.
	"Hmm?"
	"Wans sleeps now."
	"Don't worry, I'll get you upstairs in a second." he 
assured her.  He wasn't too worried about Sasami as she had 
conked out awhile back.
	"Nooowwww..." she insisted.
	He gritted his teeth in frustration and considered the 
various ways to get them to her room, already knowing that each 
one would probably upset her delicate constitution a bit and keep 
her awake, and definitely wake up Sasami.  Other options had to 
be considered.
	He considered it for the next fraction of a second, and 
came up with a suitable answer.
	It wouldn't be the first time, he thought wryly.
	So he changed the direction he was going to the couch in 
the living room and set them down upon its soft cushions as 
gently as one such as he was able to.  Yet when he tried to rise 
to retrieve some blankets for them, their arms remained locked 
around his neck, refusing to budge in the least.
	"Stay." she told him.
	"I have to get some..."
	And then she opened their eyes, and pleaded with all her 
heart, "Stay."
	Her...feelings for what she was asking he was experiencing 
almost to the degree she was.  More and more this had been 
happening, these flashes of thoughts and emotions from them.  Not 
like when he was picking up someone else's thoughts like a radio 
transmitter that had received a high powered broadcast of 
information.  He was picking up every ramification, every little 
nuance their mind attached to the feelings and words.
	He sighed as he pulled his shoes off with simple psyonic 
control and again as carefully as was possible for him, he snaked 
his arms around her, and his body next to her on the couch.
	She adjusted them accordingly until she had herself mostly 
on top of him, snuggled into him as hard as she could, as if to 
say this is where she belonged, and here is where they would 
stay.
	And he had to admit...they did feel good that way.  He was 
getting so tired of the situation he was in with them.  Every one 
of his objections, doubts, defenses and the like when it came to 
this relationship they were slowly eroding away.  He knew it was 
a combined effort of the two of them that was doing it too.  The 
really bad thing was, he was letting them.
	More and more he was beginning to see Sasami as the woman 
she wanted him to her as, that he knew she was trying to convince 
him she had no choice but to become because of what was 
happening...had happened to her.  They were both beginning to 
haunt his dreams on a regular basis, for more reasons than one.
	He was developing a true bond with them.  Like his mother 
had with his father...which, while it had diminished over the 
years of their separation, had to a very small degree stayed 
intact, and even renewed itself with their reunion.
	The same one he had had with his previous wife.  Weird that 
it FELT the same...even after all this time he could still 
remember what SHE felt like.  He knew that wasn't supposed to 
happen, but he could hardly muster the concern to care, much less 
speculate on.
	Truth to tell, it was something he needed too.  And his 
heart was telling him this in no uncertain terms.
	So here, he resigned himself to the fact that when the 
inevitable clash came, where she...they wanted something about 
him that he was not going to immediately give them...he would 
most likely loose such a fight.  They would have him, and the 
final little bit of Sasami that was a girl would be lost.
	For all time.
	And he would be partially responsible.  It seemed as 
inevitable as the ebb and flow of the energies of the universe, 
as they rippled and moved about him.
	Why did it seem so intent of tearing the innocence from 
this wonderful girl so early in her life?
	He might as well ask why anything bad happened in the 
universe.
	And as for Tsunami, he knew what she was...what she is.  A 
goddess.
	In both form and soul a goddess can no sooner stop the 
feelings in her heart than an ant could stop an avalanche.  It 
was just as impossible for a goddess not to act on them, as well.  
It was simply in the nature of such a creature to do that.
	It was no wonder she had waited as long as she had.  Fear 
of losing him...as he now knew she had, had; warring with the 
needing of the one she loved more than life itself must have been 
a torment the likes of which he had only experienced in madness.  
Worse probably, as she hadn't found any refuge by escaping into 
the arms of such a mistress.
	He owed her for 17,000 years of lost time, and he had no 
way to pay her back.  He could only be there with her now, and he 
could only helpless stand by while she and Sasami loose 
themselves in each other.
	He had even made inquiries into the possible separation of 
the two of them, however even some of the more...odd beings in 
the universe had no idea what to even make of what was going on, 
much less where to start doing anything about it.
	Everything he thought to do about it seemed doomed to 
failure as well.  Though he did this to save their lives, now 
their eventual assimilation was accelerated greatly, and their 
minds and souls were so intertwined now, it was getting hard to 
tell where one ended and the other began.
	Nothing to do, but let it happen.  Nothing to do, but 
comfort them as it does, and be there for them...at the end.
	Fucking hell.
	Tsunami had fallen asleep some time ago, both she and 
Sasami making an odd psychic humming that resonated in the back 
of his mind, and through his soul, as he had been musing.  He'd 
equate it to a snore, were it not so comforting.
	They shivered, though they were not cold.  He was 
generating more than enough heat to warm them.
	Perhaps a blanket then, he wondered.
	It was surprising when one came over him without him even 
calling it into existence.
	The Golden eyes of his sister came into view when it 
settled around the pair on the couch.
	<There you go.  You're back late.> she told him in mock 
rebuke.
	<I know.  Got a little carried away on the Karaoke.  Misaki 
mad?>
	Ryouko grinned in amusement, while making sure the blanket 
was tucked around them.  <Naaa...she was ok with it.  She figures 
you weren't stupid enough to let anything happen to her baby 
girl.>
	He snorted quietly.  That woman and her damn matchmaking.  
No telling what Misaki was really thinking when she gave the 
impression she didn't mind they weren't home before the allotted 
time.
	Was he the only one in this household that gave a damn 
about what was happening to them?  As soon as he thought those 
words, he mentally slapped himself for stupidity.  He knew they 
cared...perhaps even more than he did.
	So why were they not saying something about her actions?  
Hell, they were even encouraging Sasami in a way.  Why?
	<Because she doesn't have any time left.>  Ryouko told him 
sadly.  <And the only thing she really wants is you.  If that is 
all she really wants, I could not even begin to try to deny her.>  
She watched his eyes close, and that sad exhausted feeling that 
he had long been holding inside finally broke loose.
	He had known that too.
	<Ryouko.>
	<Hmm?>
	<Stay out of my head, would you?>	
	Ryouko couldn't help but chuckle at her brother's 
annoyance.  After she finished tucking them in, she rose up and 
looked fondly at the older sibling she had only just come to 
know.
	He returned her gaze for a time, again marveling just how 
much alike they really were.  And how much he had come to care 
about his sister in such a short amount of time.
	Before she left, he mouthed a thank you to her, and watched 
her pretty smile grow wider on her face.
	With that she left the room on foot, to return to her own.  
But not before she glanced back and saw Cyraqs, lost in his 
contemplation of the goddess he held in his arms.
	That was when she realized that something had subtly 
changed in him.  It wasn't later that he would accept those two, 
as Sasami had once told her would happen.  He already had.  The 
rest would be simply...realization that he had.
	So that's another taken care of.  A grim smile of 
determination formed on her face.  And soon, it will end for us 
as well Tenchi.  Very soon.

<Tangerine Dream - Opening (Legend Soundtrack)>

	X waited patiently on the temple grounds, for his audience 
with the current high Priest.  Idly, he looked around the garden 
that he was in.  Trees and plants that grew only here, in this 
most holy place, quite literally abounded everywhere.  Strange 
creatures of all types...some that had no counterpart in all the 
wide cosmos, flitted to and fro above him and below him.  No fear 
of man did they contain.
	It was said that this temple was actually an extension of 
the realm that Tsunami existed in, into the physical world.
	To stand...quite literally in the heart of HER...it gave 
him chills to think about it.  Still, it would be ironic that 
here is where it would all come together, where her downfall 
would be if he won.
	A woman, garbed as one of the lower ranking priestesses, 
approached him through the foliage.  She was somewhat shorter 
than he was, and if he could tell correctly, her hair was a dark 
shade...probably a very dark purple.  Her eyes, though, were 
hidden from his view.  "I am Misao.  The high Priest has 
commanded me to escort you to him."  She then turned, and began 
walking from him motioning for him to follow as she did.
	The temple was a very big place, taking up even more space 
on their world than even the Juraian palace, though where that 
was only one tree...this was thousands of trees ranging from the 
size of an ant, to the size of some of the tallest redwoods on 
the planet of Terra.
	There were no buildings per se, the Trees themselves seemed 
to accommodate and reshape themselves to whatever their human 
counterparts needed.  Here and there, he would see a priest 
studying on the ground or in the trees above.  Other places he 
would see groups of them locked into their devotional ceremonies 
or perhaps instructing and teaching the younger ones in the 
traditions and responsibilities as members of the holy order.  
Through it all, he was feeling the general peace and well being 
this place seemed to evoke in all the creatures and people here.
	He did not like it. He did not like it at all.
	"Something bothers you, my son?"  her soft voice asked him.
	Even her concern did little more than add to his growing 
discontent.  "That is none of your business."
	"All of Tsunami's children are my business.  She loves us 
all, and has given it unto those like me to help those that are 
in need." she told him as if to remind him of something he should 
have known.
	"Fat lot of good that has ever done me."  Why was he even 
getting into this conversation?  It had to be this damnable 
place.
	"You let your hate rule your actions.  It influences 
everything about you.  It poisons your soul my son.  This path 
will lead only to your undoing."
	"We'll see."
	She motioned him to a stand of trees packed closely 
together like walls that would serve well as the office for the 
High Priest.  X nodded in acknowledgement, and proceeded inside.   
There he found only a table of living branches, set low to the 
ground so that the user must sit on the earth to use it.  The 
High Priest himself was in fact sitting on one side of it, facing 
toward a wall to the east.  An opening was present there.  It was 
like a window, without the glass.
	The rising sun ritual, X surmised.
	"You said you had urgent news concerning one of the members 
of the holy order of Tsunami?" The priest asked.  Motioning for X 
to sit down, he inquired, "What is this information?"
	X took his seat, across from the High Priest.  He had the 
bearing of one that was many thousands of years old, yet looked 
no older than maybe twenty-five.  Not surprising considering the 
longevity of the Juraian race, thanks to the water of life, and 
certain other attributes of the basic biosphere of this world and 
it's surrounding planets.  His hair color was one of blue 
green...like HER hair was supposed to be.  Yet the eyes...they 
were strangely enough the same color.  Very rare.
	Hmm...and very intelligent, and tricky too.  X prided 
himself on his ability to read people, it had saved his life too 
many times.  In this case it would be most useful...considering 
that this man would most likely have guessed his motives as 
political already.  This is going to be difficult, but even he 
cannot ignore what I am about to show him.  The less I talk 
however, the better.
	X pulled a data crystal from his robes, and wordlessly 
placed it before the High Priest on the table before him.
	What could only be called a holo terminal seemed to flow 
from the living branches of the table, enfolding the crystal in 
it's recesses as it structured itself to what was needed.
	A holographic image of a clarity only matched by some of 
the science academy device issued forth from the branches at the 
top.  The two watched as many scenes of a blue haired young woman 
with a white haired companion played out.
	The priest's brow furrowed at the end and the recording 
shut down.  "Sasami...yes.  Our High Priestess in training, on 
Earth.  It was the will of Tsunami that she leave for a time, but 
it seems she has misused the directive given to her."  He looked 
directly at X, picking him apart, looking for something which X 
hoped he would not find.  "I recognize this man as well.  He was 
once brought to this temple by Tsunami, and had her sacred trust.  
It's also surmised he was...favored by her."
	X nearly chuckled out loud.  Funny way of putting it.
	"One could assume this is the will of Tsunami, all things 
considered."
	X kept silent.
	"Yet Tsunami has not spoken to us on this subject.  But it 
would not be the first time she has kept her will from us."
	"I have heard that recently, the goddess has 
been...indisposed." X replied.
	The look he received from the High Priest was as close to a 
glare as he would get from the man.  He could guess what for.  
How did he get that kind of information.
	X nearly smiled.  If only he knew.
	"That is not a concern of yours at present time."  It was 
as close to a dismissal as he had ever received.
	X stood up, but asked one final question before he left.  
"If it is Tsunami's will, that she be...dealt with...how are you 
going to stop the being that stands next to her?  He is 
extraordinarily powerful."
	For a moment the Priest actually looked troubled.  "We have 
our ways."  He looked at X intently.  "Perhaps you will be able 
to assist us in such a manner, should that become necessary."
	"I live to serve."
	The Priest was not fooled, but the fact that he might need 
something that X could provide was not lost upon him.  Especially 
if what he remembered of those that the High Priestess in 
training now associated with was true.  Dispensing Tsunami's 
justice could become very dangerous this time.
	X departed the enclosure, his purpose there fulfilled.  A 
few more prods that would be provided by the 'princess' herself 
would be sufficient to complete the plans he had set in motion 
here.  And then...SHE would be out of the picture.
	Religious men, no matter their experience, are usually 
easier to manipulate, he noted.
	His wrist comlink suddenly beeped.  "Yes?"
	"Sir, we have something you may want to see here."
	"On my way." After pressing a couple of buttons on that 
same comlink, he vanished in a pillar of light, as his atoms were 
disassembled and beamed aboard his starship.

<Ending Theme: Dire Straights - Walk of Life>

Afterword:  Heh, took long enough, I know.  All comments should 
be sent to kthardin@geocities.com. Til next chapter!
