The Powers That Be (OVA IV)

by K'thardin

Standard Disclaimer:  Hey AIC!  Get a clue would ya?!  Make 
another OVA series.  If you want I'll write it for you!  And 
if you don't want me to do it there are others who would 
gladly take the assignment.  Anyway I don't own Tenchi Muyo!  
However I do own my characters and some of their histories.  
If you can't tell the difference I suggest you watch the 
OVA's, so you don't confuse yourself.

Authors Forward:  Well here it is folks.  The sequel I've 
been threatening to write.  It takes place a couple of months 
after Aftermath.  This one is going to be...rather different 
for me.  Has a lot more intrigue.  I hope I'm able to pull it 
off.  In any case it's going to be fun!  And now it's time 
for...

Conspiracies

"No it isn't that Nixon was a crook, all presidents are like 
that.  It's that he got caught."
	-Barf ("You Can't Do That On Television")

<Opening Theme: Don't Stop Believing - Journey>

	Space is a really big place.  Take, for example, the 
nearest star from Earth; Alpha Centauri.  Alpha Centauri is 
somewhere around four light-years away from Earth.  That 
means traveling at the speed of light it would take 4 years 
to get there.  That translates out to approximately  
5,869,713,600,000 miles.  That is a lot of miles.  Now, with 
other stars similar distances away this means there is even 
more space.  Now take into account there are approximately 
100 million stars in a given galaxy; and galaxies themselves 
being quite a few million light-years from each other.  As 
for the exact number of galaxies...who knows.  This doesn't 
even begin to count the quite possibly infinite number of 
other realms in the universe.
	As you can see there is a lot of space to get lost in.
	There is also a lot of space in which certain... 
mishaps can occur.  This did not overly concern the Juraian 
supply convoy as it came out of hyper space near one of it's 
empire's planets, located on one of the remote outer rims of 
the Milky Way galaxy.  After all they among the most 
technologically advanced civilizations in known space.  They 
had the tree-form ships that had an almost instinctive 
knowledge of how to navigate in hyperspace to all 
destinations in the universe.  Individual ships had power 
enough to destroy entire worlds.  Nothing could match them 
for power or maneuverability.  And if something did come 
along that could out do them in those areas...they had 
something only one other empire in the universe (and that one 
was recently destroyed) had.  Their ships could call upon the 
nearly indestructible shield of the Light Hawk Wings.
	This would normally be true; except in this case it 
was a supply convoy.  Which meant quite simply these ships 
were standard ships of metal and circuitry, tweaked a little 
by Juraian bio- technology.  Still they were a Juraian 
convoy, and therefore, under the protection of that empire.

<Instruments of Destruction-NRG>

	All this amounted to absolutely nothing as a group of 
completely unmarked ships with the appearance of small bats; 
blacker than the space they flew in appeared from behind this 
worlds moon and destroyed the supply ships and their escorts, 
before anyone knew they were there.

	The man known only as X laughed.  He had watched the 
destruction of the supply convoy from a vantage point on the 
Juraian outpost's moon.  And it had gone exactly as he knew 
it would.  Without a hitch.  Gone before they even had time 
to detect their presence.
	So far that's over 20, X thought.  People are going to 
be without their normal amenities all over the galaxy.  
Nothing too major, just a big pain in the ass.  Which is even 
worse than depriving them totally.  No, if I did that the 
nobility would unite under a common cause; to find and 
obliterate the menace.  So it is best to be 
simply...irritating.
	He shifted a little in his cloak and tapped a few 
buttons on the terminal in front of him.  A holoscreen 
appeared in front of him to reveal a humanoid looking figure, 
garbed similarly to him.  Cloaked in black all over; even the 
eyes hidden by some kind of visor. The clothing itself was 
made of materials that would absorb most thermal and x-ray 
scans, also it set up a weak subspace distortion field, 
effectively screwing up other types of scanners.  To overcome 
it would fry the person inside before you discovered his 
identity.  The visor was really an electronic connection to a 
small video input system on the top of the visor itself.  So 
in essence what the person saw was a small TV picture.  Again 
if you wanted to scan him through that; you would fry him 
before you found out his identity.
	It accomplished the purpose for which it was intended.  
Keep your identity secret, until death.
	"What is the next mission?"  The man on the screens 
voice was cold raspy.  Not a trace of light could be found in 
the darkness it projected.
	X smiled to himself.  These guys are easily 
manipulated.  They hate Jurai so much they'll do anything to 
hurt it.  They don't even realize they are being used.  He 
tapped another set of buttons on the control console next to 
him.  On the other side of the screen a crystal materialized 
in front of the man.  It hovered there momentarily as the man 
studied it.  Reaching up he took it.  Pulling it down, he 
plugged it into his own computer terminal, causing a 
secondary holoscreen to appear above the one he was using to 
converse with X.  Scanning the contents, it almost appeared 
he started...frowning.
	"Very well.  This had better accomplish what you say 
it will."
	"But of course it will.  Irritate the different 
factions of Jurai a little...play on their hatred of each 
other...place a few tidbits of false info in the right 
places, stage a few miscellaneous pirate raids for further 
pains, mix well and serve!  Instant discord in the empire.  
That's what you want right?  You want them hurt!  You want 
them suffering."  X's voice was turning into something even 
the man on the screen was becoming afraid of.  "You'll get 
it."
	The man took a moment to collect himself.  Is this man 
a person or evil personified?  Finally recovering, he spoke.  
"That is exactly what we want.  Out."  The connection between 
the two ship was cut.
	X laughed.  Yes, so very easy to use.  Your new 
cloaked ships are perfect for the job.  Only a tree ship 
could see through them.  And we're not stupid enough to 
challenge one of them.  Even if we did manage to destroy it; 
we'd bring the wrath of the empire and that means Tsunami 
down on us.  No, this must be done carefully.  We must turn 
the senate itself against each other, and most importantly, 
make sure that the emperor can't do anything about it.  And 
he won't be able to.  I will make sure that he doesn't get 
any information fast enough to react in time to it.  If that 
doesn't work, I might have to take a chance and attempt his 
assassination.  It doesn't need to be death, only 
incapacitation.  As long as it can't be traced back to 
me...heh, heh.  Yet how to keep both you and Funahou 
distracted.  Funahou is a grand master of the game of 
intrigue.  She has proven a worthy adversary over the years, 
but now that I've finally infiltrated her near impenetrable 
spy network there is nothing she can do that I won't know 
about.  He leaned back heavily and began drumming his fingers 
on the console as he considered his options.  Hmmm...I've 
been hearing some things from a few of my spies on Terra.  If 
what they tell me is true...the princess Sasami will be the 
key to all this.  I will have to confirm it, but if it is 
true, THEY will have no mercy on her.  I will have the 
leverage I will need to make him abdicate.  Yoshou will never 
come back, and Tenchi will never be accepted as heir.  A vote 
will occur.  And I know just how that'll turn out.
	I'm just too damn good!
	The resulting laugh would have chilled Satan's beard.

<Shepeard Moons-Enya>

	On the planet of Earth, in a large home on the isle of 
Japan; others were engaged in their own conspiracies; 
unknowing of the future threat they would be facing.  All 
these plans in the forming having to do with a young cosmic 
being just here recently come to his full power.  Almost just 
as recently, he had been forced to use this power in the 
preservation of the life of the universe, as we know it.  Now 
however, the situation as it was before was back.  And just 
as the way it was; he was clueless as to what was going to 
happen to him.
	Presently, two of those closely involved with the 
conspiracy in question were conversing in private room of one 
of the previously mentioned conspirators.
	Both were sitting down in a kneeling position, facing 
each other across a makeshift coffee table; drinking tea.  A 
few months ago this would have been prelude to a battle; 
though while not serious enough to result in death, would 
have resulted in some serious destruction of the surrounding 
area.  This was not the case this time.  There was a strange 
anticipation in the room.  It was so thick you couldn't cut 
it with a chainsaw.
	The purple-headed one clothed in a simple Juraian 
Kimono, glanced at her companion, a buxom woman of very long 
spiked cyan hair and golden cat like eyes, and decided that 
now would be the perfect time.  Because if she didn't do this 
now, she wasn't sure if she would get up the guts later.
	Setting her tea down demurely, everything she did was 
demure and refined, betraying her training as a member of 
royalty, she began.  "There have been many changes in this 
household, have there not?"
	Setting down her own tea roughly almost in counter to 
the princesses gentile, the other woman spoke.  "Yes.  Is 
this what you wanted to talk about Ayeka?"
	"Sort of."  Answered the one named Ayeka.  "As you may 
have noticed Ryouko almost all problems concerning a certain 
someone have either been redirected, destroyed, or just 
outright vanished."
	Ryouko snorted.  "I assume you are talking about 
Tenchi."  Ayeka nodded.  "Yes, having my brother's family 
come live with us has taken away most of the rivals to his 
affections; if that is what you are saying."  Still feel 
really sorry for my brother though.  His problems are a 
little more complex than simple love interests.  She laughed 
a little when she thought of that.  I don't think you are 
going to be able to keep one of your beliefs for very much 
longer as pissed off as I saw Sasami yesterday.  That's going 
to be fun to watch.  Damn, wish I had some sake with this 
Tea.  Wait a sec...I'll just grab some from my stash in 
subspace.  Gotta admit, this new power of mine comes in real 
handy at times.  On that thought, she reached through reality 
causing an almost water-like rippling distortion in the air, 
and pulled back a bottle labeled 'Demon Dance' in Kanji.  
Uncorking it she downed a swig in one smooth motion, and 
passed the bottle to her purple trussed companion.  "And with 
his power under his complete control, not to mention that 
business with Tokimi out of the way...yep, that pretty much 
wraps things up."
	Finishing her drink, Ayeka passed the bottle back to 
Ryouko.  "Yes.  Except one thing."  Ryouko looked at her 
expectantly as she downed the rest of the liquor.  "Us."
	Ryouko nodded as she lowered the bottle.  "Us." she 
agreed.  She passed the bottle, and put her hands under chin.  
Sitting back slightly she began considering all the 
ramifications of what they were discussing here.  THIS was 
the where the future between them would be decided.  At least 
how they would go about their part.  Tenchi would have to 
decided his.  'Course Tenchi and decision...
not exactly true.  Not anymore anyway.  Still he would not 
hurt that which he loved if he could help it.  And that was 
the real kicker here, as much as she hated to admit it he 
loved both of the women in this room.  She had seen the looks 
in his eyes too many times to deceive herself into thinking 
otherwise.  Yet he would not hurt either by choosing one 
above the other.  So they were stuck at an impasse.  "So I 
guess the first thing we need to ask is where do you want to 
start this conversation?"
Ayeka nodded thoughtfully.  "Yes.  That would be best."  
Ryouko pulled another bottle of Sake out from her subspace 
pocket, taking a swig she passed it to the princess.  "How 
about we start with what we think about each other?"
	Ryouko started slightly.  Our feelings for...she 
doesn't mean...no she decided upon further study of the 
princess.  She's asking this question honestly.  What do I 
feel about her?
	Bitch at times.  Stuck up, unfeeling, ice cold...no.  
That's just the part of me that is competing with her for 
Tenchi.  She is stuck up, but she has learned over the years 
how much that hurts the others she cares about.  Ice cold?  
No.  She loves this family, she's risked her life time and 
again for it.  Even for me.  As I have for her.  Bitch?  
Aren't we all?  Ryouko thought in amusement.
	"Sure."  She said finally.
	Ayeka drank a few swallows of the Sake, and passed it 
back.  "Then I'll go first."  What?  And here I had all my 
thoughts set up too.  Well if you must.  "Ryouko do you know 
how much I hated you when I first saw you?"  Can you imagine?  
"You attacked my world!  You killed my people!  You nearly 
killed me and my family!  And as for Sasami..."  Ryouko's 
face became a storm cloud. She nearly blew up if not for what 
Ayeka said next.  "Let me finish!  But you know what?  I 
found out later you were under the control of Kagato.  And I 
didn't hate you for any of that any longer."  Ryouko nodded.  
"But what I did hate you for was taking my...fiancé from me!"  
Ayeka damn near cracked up laughing.  Ryouko was confused.  
She figured Ayeka would still be pissed off over that one.  
Whatever relationship she had with Yoshou now must have 
changed those feelings too.  "But you gave me the chance to 
meet Tenchi.  And for that, I'm in your debt."  She finished 
softly.  "For everything you have done since then, for being 
there for all of us, for being my...yes being my friend 
even..." Ryouko's eyes widened at the pronouncement.  Her 
friend?  She looked the princess in her scarlet eyes, and saw 
the truth of what Ayeka just said.  "I have never really had 
one before."  Ayeka explained answering Ryouko's unspoken 
question.  "I really needed one.  Thank you."  She said 
simply.
	Mihoshi says it best when she says, 'I'm so moved!'  
Ryouko thought.  Because yes she was moved.  More than 
words...no.  She could do the same.  "I suppose I could say 
when I first met you, the word Bitch came to mind, among 
other things."  Ayeka kept a straight face and nodded.  
Ryouko ran her fingers through her wealth of long cyan hair 
shifting it into a more comfortable position as she downed 
some of the sake.  Going to have to talk to mom about her 
definition of more powerful.  I look like Goku at SSJ Level 
3!  "And when I saw Tenchi getting attached to you, I can say 
I felt more than a little resentment.  I had watched him all 
his life, I had known him longer than any of you...I had 
loved him...and then all you came...even mom fell for him..."  
Her lips began to tighten and tears began trickling down her 
cheeks.  Ayeka reached over to, "NO!"  Ryouko yelled.  "I let 
you finish, now you let me!"  Ayeka nodded, and sat down.  "I 
can say I haven't felt more alone in my life,  yet you were 
all still here.  You were all still my family, you came for 
me when Octopus head took me, and you came for me 
when...Kagato took me."  Ryouko had grown quiet at the last.  
Ayeka knew Kagato had left her a message and something about 
what he had said, had changed her views on Kagato.  Whatever 
it was had troubled Ryouko a great deal, yet she wouldn't 
talk about it.  Well all in good time, we have that now.  
"Well I hadn't had a family in a very long time, so long that 
only now have I begun to remember the first time.  It feels 
good.  And I must say..."  She wiped her tears with her 
sleeve, "That you, that all of you, I love you all.  And I 
wouldn't trade anything for what I have now."
	Ayeka reached over and put a comforting hand on 
Ryouko.  "I suppose now we have to figure out what to do 
about Tenchi."
	"I don't want to go back to fighting for him like we 
were before."  She began finally.  "He...really doesn't like 
it when we do that.  I don't want to hurt him like that 
anymore."  Ayeka nodded her head in acceptance.  No hurting 
him like that was not an option.  And it shamed her that she 
had many times done just that.  That they had both done just 
that.  "I really like what we have now."  Ryouko glanced 
down, almost shyly really, then glanced back up looking her 
companion straight in her crimson eyes.  "You drink pretty 
well, and I've taught you to swear with the best of them. You 
are all right princess.  I consider you my sister, just like 
Sasami."  Ayeka barely refrained from laughing.  Sister huh?  
You have no idea how true I hope that becomes one day.
	"Ryouko...I feel the same.  More than I have said.  
More than I can say even now. "  They both shared a single 
moment of total warm and fuzzy before the princess pressed 
on.  This needed taken care of.  "Now I feel comfortable in 
telling you this."  Something about Ayeka's demeanor changed.  
Ryouko had seen it before.  It was that of a merchant or even 
a spy or government employee when a proposal was about to be 
given, or a deal made.  Something was up.  Ryouko shifted her 
legs to indian style, and crossed her arms before her ample 
bosom and waited for this with a smirk on her face.  Whatever 
this was something told her this was going to be good.  
"Tenchi is a man of Jurai..."  She looked at Ryouko, 
attempting to discern what she was thinking.  All she felt 
was a begging to continue.  "and as such there are certain 
laws of which I feel could be beneficial to rectifying our 
situation.  Assuming you have no objections."  Ayeka finished 
smiling.
	"Well,"  Ryouko snapped impatiently, "Tell me!" she 
commanded as she handed back the nearly finished bottle of 
Sake.
	Ayeka's finished the bottle and smiled a smile that 
almost mirrored her sister Sasami's.  One of total 
deviousness.

	Waking up is a chore of epic proportions.  First, your 
body begins to speed up, drawing in more fuel to allow for 
mobility and the systems that support mobility.  Second, your 
eyes open and most of the time light comes blaring in, 
assaulting your mind with images that the conscious mind is 
not yet prepared to deal with yet.  In fact, the general 
statement is: "Ugghhh.  Make it stop."  Ugh is a useful word.  
A lot can be done with it. It can be used for any tense, and 
for almost any verb and noun.  The sentence 'Make it stop.' 
is actually a semi-prayer to whoever it is that listens to 
these things to please quit making me think this early in the 
morning.
	Needless to say, this is rarely a prayer that is 
answered.
	So, as the mind begins to warm up, the body is put on 
automatic to take care of certain...early morning duties.  
Most of which the person in question had no need for anymore.  
Yes, it is sometimes good being what I am, Tenchi Masaki 
thought as he arose from bed.  Almost immediately his mind 
finally registered something his nose had been sending 
impulses to the brain for.
	Someone was cooking something wonderful.
	His mouth began to water, however his stomach did not 
rumble.  For he needed food about as much as he needed to 
piss.  Which was to say he did not.  However he could eat, if 
he wanted.  And that was one pleasure he would not deny 
himself.  That and his morning shower.  So, it was off to the 
bathroom anyway.  Almost immediately, he felt a twinge in his 
left shoulder.  Damn.  That battle with Tokimi did a number 
on me.  For the most part his physical body was healed within 
hours of the fight's finish.  However, a few of the other 
ways he existed would take longer to put itself back 
together.  At least he wasn't in as bad a shape as Cyraqs.  
There were days that man looked like life itself was total 
hell.
	And with us beating the hell out of each other last 
night, I'm sure that didn't help matters either.
	He reached the bathroom door and paused before opening 
it.   Tokimi.  The greatest threat I have ever faced, but not 
even close to being the last.  His thoughts returned to that 
fight.  So much was destroyed.  Those people weren't really 
alive, they had no souls, but now they're dead.  I killed so 
many that day.  Unbidden his thoughts went back to what 
became a rescue mission with Cyraqs when he went to get his 
family.  Those people did have souls, lives, maybe even 
families.  I killed them as coldly as I killed Kagato (well, 
sort of in his case), Yakage, and; his brow furrowed in anger 
momentarily, Tetran.  Bastard killed father.  Then he 
chuckled, course with who I have for a mother that didn't 
last very long.  Sighing, he entered the bathroom and closed 
the door behind him.  Within moments the sounds of a shower 
were heard to be on, and steam began pouring out of the 
cracks in the door.

	A youngish looking woman with raven black hair and 
brown eyes smiled as she continued chopping carrots.  She 
shifted her kimono a little and spoke.  "Tenchi's awake."  
she stated to her companions.
	Another young woman, who appeared to be around 16 or 
so with waist length long bright blue hair, pink within pink 
eyes, and a simple blue dress and apron looked up from the 
stove and returned the smile of her companion.  "Yep."  She 
brushed her long bangs out of her eyes revealing the double 
inverted triangles on her forehead.  "Sure is Achika."  She 
clenched her eyes as a wave of pain suddenly washed over her.  
The third of her four companions turned from washing the 
dishes and looked at her in motherly concern.
	"You alright little Sasami?  Do you need me to get 
Washuu?"  This one looked almost identical to the young 
woman.  If you didn't know who the woman was you might 
mistake her for being the younger woman's older sister.  
While there was a family relationship, it was not what most 
would take it to be.
	Sasami gave her a negative nod.  "No mommy.  We'll be 
fine for a while.  We're trying to control it ourselves 
without the drugs."  There was a slight change in the young 
woman's mannerisms, nothing overly noticeable unless you knew 
the girl.  Then you might ask what happened to her.  The 
answer would be simply you are talking to someone else, and 
at the same time not someone else now.
	"You sure about that Tsunami?"  The fourth one asked.  
This one was the strangest looking of them all.  She, you 
could definitely tell it was a she, was covered all over her 
body by a brown coat of fur, her eyes and face were cat like 
in appearance, and her fangs flashed as they talked.  Also, 
her massive amount of head hair was spiked up almost wire 
like.  It was probably the only way it would stay out her 
eyes otherwise.  Then again with the fur covering one would 
wonder why she bothered to wear the simple white dress that 
she had on.
	This was to keep the young cosmic being in question 
from collapsing in nose bleeds every time he encountered her.  
No tolerance, she concluded.
	"We are Ryo-ohki.  Don't worry if it gets too bad 
we'll go ahead and talk to Washuu."  Ryo-ohki nodded her head 
and went back to getting down plates for everyone, keeping a 
concerned eye on the girl as she worked.
	"I wonder if Cyraqs is getting up?"  The older blue 
headed woman mused to herself.  Or perhaps not, if one were 
to notice the slight smile that crossed her lips as she 
watched her daughter's reaction.

<Black Sabath-Black Sabath>

	Sasami gripped her spatula tighter, her eyes teared 
slightly, and her lips tightened.
	She was pissed.
	Achika looked at Sasami's mother in worry, <Are you 
sure it is a good idea to bring *him* up like that, Misaki?> 
she asked telepathically.
	Misaki smiled slightly.  <He's being very difficult, 
and it's hurting my little girl.  I want her mad enough to 
make him see reason.> she replied.
	<His reasons are well founded.>
	<Are they?> Misaki countered.
	Achika looked at Sasami, and she did wonder about 
that.  One part of you is my younger sister, older than the 
stars themselves.  The other is a girl, no more than maybe 11 
years old, with the soul of someone much older.  Are his 
reasons really that valid? she wondered.  I don't know.  Even 
after all this we still can't seem to get things right, can 
we great father?  "Well he might be.  Then again, who knows?  
Neither he nor my son have slept for a couple of months.  I 
wish they wouldn't push themselves so hard."  Sasami's 
attacked her stir fry with a vengeance as they continued to 
talk about the other cosmic being in residence.
	Sasami does not attack things with a vengeance.

<Pink Floyd-In the Flesh.>
	
	"Ugh."  There is the Ugh word again.  "Anyone get the 
number of the quasar that ran me over last night?" he quipped 
to himself.
	Cyraqs K'thardin awoke.  A task much more grueling 
than even Tenchi's.  As badly hurt as he was, he really 
shouldn't have done what he did last night.  'Course he 
needed to test out his new limits, and Tenchi was the only 
one of them presently available for the purpose.
	That hurt.  But it was something that everyone needs 
occasionally.  To be reminded they have limits.  To be 
reminded there is something to strive to overcome.  Still 
even now he wasn't completely recovered from his ordeal with 
Tokimi.  Even the Djinn didn't hurt this bad, he groaned to 
himself as he swung off his couch.  He flexed a little as he 
stood.  A little stiff, not too bad.
	Concentrating, his clothes settled around him as he 
pulled them from subspace.  A simple set of denim jeans, and 
a black mono-color pocket T-shirt complete with his knee 
length leather boots.
	Might as well go and see what's up.  With that thought 
in mind he pulled a smoke from nothing.  Flicking it with his 
other finger's he lit it.  Pausing for a moment to take a 
puff, he considered what kind of day it would most likely be.  
	Hmmm...Achika might be a little angry, but I doubt 
that.  Mom's going to be pissed, that means so will dad.  
Ryuken will be laughing his ass off.  I'll get him later.  
Tenchi'll probably want to do that again.  See him at 11.  
Tsu..Sas...DAMNIT!  They've been pissed at me all week.  This 
is just another excuse.  Why are they pissed at me again?  I 
have got to figure that out.  The rest I'll take as it comes.
	It's going to be a fun day, he concluded.
	Humming a little to himself he walked out of his 
cabin; prepared to face whatever life had to throw at him.
	And if you believe that, the going rate on ocean front 
property in Arizona is fantastic too.

	Tenchi walked down the stairs in slow silence, to be 
greeted by the sight of his two year old cousin Taro having 
affection lavished upon him by various members of the female 
populous of the household.  He grinned, as he watched them 
play with the young boy.  Poor kid is going to be spoiled 
rotten before he goes back to aunt's.
	One of the foursome finally noticed him "Hello 
Tenchi!"
	He turned his attention to the red headed one who 
spoke.  Damn, but she is getting bigger.  He mentally slapped 
himself for that thought.  Seven months of being pregnant 
does that.  At least she wasn't irritable like I've heard 
some women get in this condition.  He.  Still got the 
cravings though.  He began to remember a certain incident 
where he, her husband Hayes, his grandfather Yoshou, and her 
son Cyraqs had to track down some kind of weird Earth fish 
dish that was so rare it was served only in certain parts of 
the world, and then, only to the higher nobility.
	That was highly uncool as he had put it.
	"Ohayo, Washuu-chan."  She beamed happily at him.  
	's funny.  Here these past few months she hasn't 
really been hanging out in her lab.  In fact, she's been 
spending most of her time with us.  Well she needs it.  Does 
her some good to get out and be with the family.  I suppose 
that's what they all really needed.
	"Good morning Tenchi!"
	"Hello Mihoshi!"  He replied happily to the very 
tannish very beautiful looking blond haired one.  She smiled 
up at him causing her slight fangs to flash for a second.
	What are you really, he wondered.  A ditz?  No, not 
that anymore.  Not that ever really.  A fantastic special 
agent?  Not completely.  I guess we'll all just have to wait 
and see.  Though I wonder if it is just us that will be 
waiting, and not you as well.  Oh God!  Now I'm sounding just 
like grandfather!  Someone save me, he chuckled to himself.
	"I take it Ryuken and Hayes are with grandfather?" 
Tenchi asked.
The dark green haired one rolled the ball back to Taro and 
looked up at Tenchi.  "Yeah.  Azaka and Kamidaki showed up, 
and they're beating the daylights out of each other this 
morning."
	"Figure's, huh Kiyone?"
	She nodded wryly.  "Yeah."
	Tenchi turned an amused smile to the final woman 
sitting on the floor, playing with the child.  She was so 
engrossed in the activity, he wasn't sure if she had even 
noticed his presence.  He laughed.  Speaking of doing some 
good for some people, getting those two out of the royal 
palace has been a blessing like I've never seen before.  Had 
to build on another room, but that's no problem.  He frowned 
a little, 'course with the amount of noise they make 
occasionally it's a good thing we sound-proofed the room.  I 
suppose it's a good thing that Misaki sleeps with her 
daughters most of the time, the way those two carry on when 
they are together it's lucky they get any sleep at all.  Heh, 
heh, heh.  Still I find it kind of weird, though Ayeka tells 
me it's very common on her world, where most men have two 
wives instead of just one.  Then again with the male to 
female birth ratio being 1 to 4 (have to ask Tsunami about 
that one of these days), I suppose it's logical.  Guess I'll 
just live with it.  Not that it really matters much to me.  
"Good morning, Funahou-chan."  He had been asked very nicely 
by her not to call her grandma.  It made her sound old, she 
had said.  Which was kind of a misnomer.  She was, in fact, 
thousands of years old, yet she looked only thirty.  
	The woman in question started.  "Good morning Tenchi!" 
she waved at him.  Now she's getting almost as bad as Misaki, 
he thought.  It's good to see them like this, all 
happy...I've got to make an appointment with Washuu to get my 
teeth checked.  Heh.  He watched Taro get up on his legs and 
run over to Funahou in an emphatic hug.  Now I know what your 
weakness is grandma, he thought as she enfolded the child in 
her arms.  BWAHAHAHAHAH!
	"Look g'ma!  It's Tenchi!"  Taro pointed.  How come he 
gets away with it?
	"Yes little one." she said to him gently.  "It is.  
Maybe if you ask him nicely he'll come and play with you."  
Taro looked at him hopefully.  Great, now I'm being 
volunteered for things again.  He knew that his little cousin 
loved him dearly, still, sometimes it was almost akin to hero 
worship.  He knew some considered him a hero.  However he 
certainly didn't feel heroic.  Grimacing slightly, he 
descended down the final few stairs.  And I really wanted to 
get some of what they were cooking in the kitchen too.  He 
idly checked the sun's position.  Damn.  Noon.  So It's lunch 
they are cooking.  I have got to quit going months at a time 
without sleep.

<For Those About To Rock (We Salute You!) - AC/DC>

	The front door opened and a rather short man walked in 
on them.  His short white hair was spiked up almost 
identically to his mother's, and his short beard was as white 
as the rest of his hair.  Tenchi also noticed he had his 
glasses off again revealing eyes that spun with the stars.  
So did he now that he thought about it.  Neither of them had 
been wearing them much around the house recently.  It just 
wasn't needed.  Cyraqs took in the sight, and grinned.  "He's 
definitely a relation of yours Tenchi.  Just look at all the 
attention he receives from drop dead gorgeous women."  They 
all laughed, though Funahou blushed slightly.
	The little nuclear reactor that was Taro jumped off 
his grandma's lap and ran towards the smaller man shouting 
battle cries and the like.  This elicited more than a few 
disapproving frowns from the lady's, a few of them directed 
at him.  C'mon, we were just playing with the kid.  Geez!
	Cyraqs smiled and grabbed the running powerconverter 
by the ankles and hoisted him up by one leg in one smooth 
motion, causing Taro to squirm and shout in enthusiasm. 
	Enthusiasm for Taro was measured in decibels.  At this 
moment, his were almost shattering glass.
	"Gotcha."  Cyraqs grinned.
	"NO FAIR!"  Taro yelled at him trying to hit him at 
the same time.  Cyraqs raised his arm, lifting the boy so he 
could talk face to face.
	"Sure it is.  Gotta get better than that if you're 
going to get me."  He chuckled as Taro shouted he was going 
to get both him and Tenchi and no one was going to be better 
than he was.  "Well then we'll have to work on that."
	Taro turned hopeful.  "Can we this afternoon?"
	The room got real chilly all of the sudden.  "I'm not 
sure that your relations over there will let us."  He gave 
Taro a conspiratory wink.  "But if you are really good today 
I'll teach you how to Kame Hame Ha someone."
	"ALRIGHT!  KAME HAME HA!  KAME HAME HA!"  Tenchi 
laughed.  The kid watched more Z and GT than he ever did.  He 
might just hold you to that Cyraqs.
	"Don't you dare!"  Funahou commanded.  "He has Juraian 
blood in him.  He could conceivably do some damage if you 
start teaching him things like that."
	Cyraqs turned his smile to her.  It almost made him 
hansom if Tenchi were a good judge of things.  He was at one 
time referred to as hansom, he didn't see it.  Washuu always 
commented on what a squeazable butt he had.  He'd have to 
take her word, and the occasional feel, on that one.  
'Course, even Sasami said he had  better looks than Cyraqs.  
A few choice jokes which he quickly suppressed, sprang to 
mind.  Probably a good thing too.  "Don't worry.  It'll be 
awhile before I start with that."  He set the boy down, who 
promptly ran into the kitchen to bug those in there.  He 
turned totally serious.  "That boy has some amazing 
potential.  It would not be a good thing to see it wasted."
	"He should really just lead a normal life."  Funahou 
pressed.
	"Sometimes, that's not what fate has in store for us."  
Tenchi said.  Funahou looked at him in surprise.  It wasn't 
surprise at the statement, more, the tone of his voice.  A 
slight bitterness, tinged with regret.  He smiled again, "But 
I wouldn't trade it for anything."  Not anything.
	She smiled warmly at him, with a devastating effect.  
Thousands of years old or not, she was one hot lady.  Most 
would never see this many goddess-like beautiful, both inside 
and out, women in their lifetime.  For him it was just a 
wondrous fact of life.
	"Sasami's in the kitchen, I take it?"  Cyraqs asked 
suddenly.
	The lady's looked away from him for a moment sharing a 
grin.  Well, I knew I was dead; I didn't know I was that 
dead.  Cyraqs thought.  Tenchi snickered.  Cyraqs gave him a 
look that said Oh yeah, you will be next!
	<Only if you survive.>  Tenchi said in all 
seriousness.
	Cyraqs shook his head in agreement.  "Alrighty then.  
I suppose I shall go, and try to get back on her good side."
	"Gee, that sounds awfully familiar don't it?"  Tenchi 
grinned.  Cyraqs didn't bother showing him a reaction.
	Taro came running out of the kitchen.  "She was just 
worried about you, you know."  she said as she scooped the 
little lightning bolt in her arms.
	"I know.  But she wanted to stay with me all night!"  
He threw his hands up in the air in exasperation.  "Geez!"
	Funahou smiled to herself.  You worry too much about 
such things.  Both Tenchi and Cyraqs suddenly focused their 
attention on her.  Shit, forgot about that.  They both smiled 
tolerantly.
	Cyraqs raised one hand dramatically. "Well then, off I 
go."
	"...and so, our hero faces his death bravely..."  
Tenchi joked.
	"Shut up!"  Cyraqs turned and walked toward the 
kitchen, only pausing momentarily before entering.  He still 
heard the collective laugh that followed him.

<Run-Pink Floyd>

	Now as he walked in he took in a sight that would have 
made the bravest man run screaming like a little girl.  For 
you see, Tsunami and Sasami had heard everything that had 
gone on in the living room.  And they had begun manifesting 
what has become known (and feared) as Akane KI!  Oh she was 
still cooking in her perfect and methodical way, if stirring 
her stirfry a little more violently than normal.  A lot more 
violently than normal.  O.K. a hell of a lot more violently 
than is really necessary.
	"Uh...what's up?" he ventured.  The other three ladies 
had finished whatever they were doing and passing him as they 
walked out of the kitchen.  All had very sympathetic looks on 
their faces.
	It was probably a good thing he was not exactly sane.  
Otherwise he might not have done what he did next.  He walked 
up and began kneading her shoulders.
	"Don't touch me.  I'm mad at you."  she said quietly.  
Very half heartedly.
	"I know."  He dug his fingers into her back.  Lot's of 
tension here.  "Why?"
	"Like you don't know!"  She flared.  Yep, right here 
in the small of her back.  Despite herself, she began to 
loosen up under his ministrations. 
	"I know.  I was fine.  You don't need to be doing 
things like that."  She knew what he meant.  It wasn't that 
they would have done anything, it was that he wanted it known 
he would never take advantage of her.  Despite a lot of 
things about their relationship, he still considered part of 
her a young girl, and until she grew up...he didn't even want 
to give the appearance.  Yet, the other part of her was older 
than he was by far.  It was that part that spoke.
	"But I want to." she said quietly.  He turned the 
stove off and turned her around to look him in the eyes.  
There was quite a bit communicated in this gaze.  He knew she 
was worried about what was going to happen in the future, 
about what Sasami and she were going to become later.  To 
her, to both of them, it would be kind of like death.  The 
becoming of someone that was both her, and at the same time 
not.  She wanted to spend as much time with her loved ones as 
she was now, before that happened.  Sasami had no knowledge, 
but she was beginning to get a clue.  She was beginning to 
believe she was the real Sasami, but if that were true than 
what did Tsunami really do?  Could she have done what I think 
she did?  Until Sasami could believe it, nothing would 
happen.  That time was fast approaching.  Right now, what she 
did know was that because of her, Cyraqs was hurting Tsunami.  
He wasn't meaning too, but he was doing it all the same.  He 
was trying not to confuse a little girl.  At the same time 
not being with the older woman.
	This didn't even begin to count the effects of her 
hormones on her thought processes.  For some reason he made 
himself very scarce during the times when it got real bad.
	It was high time he found out that she was no longer a 
little girl.  In either body, and never she was in spirit.  
After all, knowing it is one thing, he knew she was always 
older than her body's age, but believing it, that was 
something else.  Sasami was going to make him believe.  Not 
here though.  Not now.
	Sensing her apparent acceptance, he left her alone, in 
deference to her request.  He did; however, promise he'd be 
back in a few minutes.  He didn't see the very determined 
gleam that came in her eyes as he left.

<Sweet Emotion-Aerosmith>

	"Ohayo Tenchi." came the voices in perfect chorus.  Oh 
no.  That did not sound good, he worried to himself.  He 
turned himself, to see Ryouko and Ayeka standing at the top 
of the stairs staring down at him; smiling very brightly.
	He wasn't sure if it was for him, or for something 
else, and he really wasn't sure he wanted to know.  Ryouko 
glided down from her perch and glomped him in a way that she 
hadn't in a very long while.  He found he actually missed 
that.
	Ayeka, in her demure little steps, came down and 
grabbed one of his hands, flashing a disapproving glance at 
Ryouko as she did so.
	Ryouko's reaction was to stick her tongue out at her.
	Ayeka's glance got worse.
	Ryouko's tongue started wagging back and fourth.
	Tenchi gave them both a very hard look.
	They gave him back one that feigned innocence.  This 
puzzled him to no end.
	"Lunch is ready!"  Sasami called from the kitchen.
	For some reason he found himself being led by the two 
girls toward the kitchen.  Why is, he wondered, that I feel 
like something is going on that I don't know about.
	Three women looked at each other.  Washuu, Funahou, 
and Misaki.  All coming to a silent agreement.
	This has gone on long enough.  It is time to end this.

	Earlier this morning; in space a young looking woman 
sat on the bridge of her ship and chewed her nails 
thoughtfully.
	"Mimasaka?" she called.
	A crystal descended from somewhere above, and hovered 
behind her.  "Yes Asahi?" it asked.
	"How long until we reach Earth?"
	She had asked this question at least a dozen times 
this hour.  "At least a couple more hours."
	"Oh." She sat back heavily and continued chewing her 
nails.  She almost expected the gentle rap across her hands 
that Goghei would give her when she was little.
	Goghei, she remembered sadly.  I miss you.  You and 
father died to save me.  Her brow furrowed and her eye's 
teared, just like they always did when they returned to those 
memories.  Damn bastard.  He killed you both.  I hope he's 
rotting in the furthest reaches of hell now.  Heh.  You'd be 
happy though, I found another, like I know you would have 
wanted me to.  He'll take some convincing, but I'm sure he 
wouldn't be too adverse to the idea.  And he's not as old as 
he puts out to be.  She idly reached over and tapped a button 
on her console to bring up a holoscreen.
	A picture of a ship sprang up on the screen.
	Well Ayeka, I can't wait to see your face when I show 
you Ryu-oh's new body.  It's my finest work.  I'm going to be 
so sorry when it goes.
	"We are being hailed."  she started out of her 
reverie.  I wonder who this is.
	"Who is it?"  she asked.
	The ship grew...happy.  "It's the Yakage!"
	She brightened considerably, that means...a holoscreen 
appeared to show a woman with bright gold spiked hair and 
crystal blue eyes.  "Heya Asahi!"  Who?  That voice is the 
same, but...?  How?  "Just changed a little.  C'mon it's 
still me, you know Minagi?  The girl you thought was Ryouko?"  
she prodded.
	Asahi shook her head.  That's weird.  "What happened 
to you?"
	"Long story.  I'll tell you later.  I take it you are 
headed to Earth?"
	"Yeah."   She pointed behind her.  "Gotta give this to 
Ayeka.  Oh, she's going to be so happy."  Asahi jumped up and 
started prancing about in total bliss.
	"Uh...yeah.  Anyway, we figured we'd check up on them 
too, since we were in this sector of the galaxy."
	"We?"  Who is she talking about?
	A man entered the view screen.  About medium build, 
obviously well muscled that was easily seen beneath the near 
totally black cloths he wore, short black hair and purple 
within purple within purple eyes.  "Just me."  He added.
	Wow!  "Didn't know Y'mir was with you.  What does he 
do for you?"
	Minagi's smile was totally naughty.  "Just the 
occasional service in bed being my husband and all."
	Asahi got the warning.  Also, it kind of pissed her 
off that her friend had gotten married and not invited her.  
"*Sniff*  You didn't invite me?  I could have done the 
decorating!"
	Minagi and Y'mir looked at each other sheepishly.  
"Well actually..." Y'mir began.
	"We eloped."  Minagi finished.
	They..."Why?"
	"With the people WE are related to?"  Y'mir asked 
exasperated.
	What, like Washuu, Ryouko...yes, I see what you mean.  
"I understand then.  Congratulations!" she beamed at the two 
on the screen.
	"Thank you."  They replied.
	"Well how 'bout I follow you there.  What do you 
think?"
	Minagi shook her head.  "Sounds reasonable."
	"K.  Talk to you later.  I'm going to go take a nap."  
Their viewscreen shutdown.
	Y'mir leaned down and whispered in his mate's ear, 
"Should we tell her about Kiyone?"
	"Much as I'm tempted to I think we should let them 
take care of it themselves."  She turned her head to look at 
him wryly.  "Besides I would rather her blow up on Earth than 
out here with us in space."
	He nodded in understanding.  Then started nibbling on 
her ear.
	"Insatiable man."  she smiled.
	He picked her up easily, and started carrying her to 
their own personal quarters.  "You're one to talk." 

<Wherever I May Roam-Metallica>

	Two warriors bowed to each other across the Misaki 
shrine yard.  Both brought their swords to the ready.
	They rushed each other at the same time passing each 
other, their two bokens strike in precise motions.  Neither 
gaining the advantage over the other.
	"Getting slow Ryuken!"  The young man in the uniforms 
of a Shinto Priest yelled to his sparing partner.
	"Think so Yoshou?" countered the tall one, clothed in 
greyish loose fitting clothes.  "We'll see who's the one 
going to be screaming for mercy after this is done."
	Yoshou smiled.  "Then why don't you save yourself the 
time, and start now?"
	"Ha!  You think that'll get me off guard?"  Ryuken 
struck with his sword, a downward swipe followed by a double 
cross cut combo.
	Yoshou parried and launched an attack of his own, an 
upwards slice, followed by a diagonal arc.
	The four others; Nobiyuki, Hayes, Azaka, and Kamidake, 
were watching this display making the occasional comments as 
the two warriors sparred.  
	Kamidake cocked his head toward his companions and 
spoke. "Does Ryuken seem a little off to you?"
	Azaka nodded, scratching his beard in thought.  "Yes, 
he does.  Yoshou and he are as evenly matched as I've ever 
seen anyone, yet Yoshou..."  Yoshou countered a double back 
cross and with a simple thrust scored a light tap on Ryuken 
shoulder.  "...seems to be getting the better of him.  Too 
easily in fact."
	"I'm no expert, but I've seen enough to agree."  
Nobiyuki said.  He turned toward Hayes in question.  
"Something going on?"
	Hayes didn't bother to turn his attention from the 
fight as he answered.  "Yes.  I just wonder if he knows it 
yet."  He unfolded his arms and shifted himself slightly to a 
ready stance.  "Azaka, Kamidake."  The two saw what he was 
referring to and were readying themselves.  In every sparring 
match those who fight risk the chance of it becoming 
something serious.  No matter how controlled and battle 
hardened those people were.  And just now, this battle for 
some reason, had become just that.  The strikes were now 
aimed to incapacitate and even possibly kill.  They were not 
holding back.  Either of them.
	Hayes blurred.  Grabbing Yoshou he pulled him away 
from the fight.  Azaka and Kamidake had done the same, 
between the two of them they had Ryuken restrained.
	"That's more than enough I think."  Hayes said in a 
monotone.
	Yoshou looked at him worriedly.  "What just happened?"  
he asked as Hayes let him go and he straightened himself out.
	"Something I was afraid of."  He shifted himself 
slightly as Ryuken finally got control of himself and assured 
the two ex-guardians he was fine.  Walking towards Hayes and 
Yoshou shook his head a little, almost as if to clear 
something from his mind.  He bowed once he reached them.
	"Forgive my lack of control.  I don't know..."
	"Yes you do."  Hayes admonished him.  "If you felt 
this happening now why did you come out here this morning?"
	Ryuken looked away.  "I can handle it."  Hayes gave 
him a mildly disapproving look.  Which for him was indicating 
major disappointment.
	"You haven't, as you put it, HANDLED it for over a 
decade."
Ryuken bowed his head.  "I won't train for the rest of the 
week.  I should be able to control the worst of it."  For 
some reason he didn't sound too convinced.  Nor was Hayes.  
The others were looking at the two of them wondering what the 
hell they were talking about.  This was going to be a fun 
explanation.  Ryuken noticed his father's disbelief, and he 
still hadn't lost his disapproval.  "Fine!  If it gets too 
bad I'll hole up in Cyraqs' cabin."  Hayes nodded his 
acceptance.  Ryuken suddenly straightened and reverently 
passed the boken to Yoshou.  Without another word he walked 
past them to the stairs of the shrine, where he descended 
them and disappeared from site.
	"What was that about?"  Nobiyuki asked.
	"It was the Rage, wasn't it?"  Yoshou asked.  Hayes 
nodded grimly.
	Rage the other three mouthed.  "It is a quirky little 
piece of our biology." Hayes explained, "Mine has come and 
gone this year.  It wasn't too bad, and I had...help with 
mine."  He and Yoshou chuckled.  "Cyraqs had his from what I 
understand."  I don't want to know the details.  "And his was 
somehow taken care of."  He saw something in Yoshou's eyes 
flash momentarily.  Almost like a click one hears when they 
put two and two together.  His face did an "Oh is that what 
happened!" momentarily before it returned to it's more stoic 
state.  I REALLY don't want to know the details.  "Y'mir I 
don't know about, but I'm not too worried about him.  As for 
Ryuken..." he sighed and shook his head, "He hasn't taken 
care of his Rage for about 10 years.  It has built up.  So 
it's going to be very tough on him.  Especially because he 
has identified one of the women in this house as being his 
mate."
	"Mihoshi."  Hayes nodded in agreement of Yoshou's 
pronouncement.
	"Yes.  Her."  He chuckled suddenly.  "A fine choice if 
I must say so."  His expression turned grim again.
	"Ummm...call me dense, but could you explain this Rage 
thing?"  Nobiyuki asked.
	"Ah yes.  Forgive me."  Hayes' tone suddenly took on a 
lecturing quality.  Almost identical to someone else they 
knew quite well.  "The Rage is a rather interesting 
biological..."
	They waited patiently as Hayes explained the facts of 
life when applied to a Tetranian.
	At the end, they all laughed.  "Poor guy!"  Nobiyuki 
shouted in half pity.  "You know she rather likes him."
	"Yeah well, let's just say he wants to be sure about 
her.  He's had to endure the 'company' of women he didn't 
love before.  And for us, that's something that's almost 
worse than death." He snorted bitterly.  "They get that from 
me."  The perturbed tone of his voice suggested to them they 
didn't want to pursue this line of questioning.
	In any case a beam of light began to descend on the 
shrine grounds cannexing any further discussion.
	"Well they are already here."  What the?  They turned 
to see Washuu already there.  How the..?
	Then again this is Washuu we're talking about.
	The beams coalesced to form the figures of Minagi, 
Y'mir, and Asahi.
	Yoshou went ghost white.
	"Hey you didn't actually do anything with her did you 
dad?"  Nobiyuki asked.
	Yoshou damn near fainted.
	Nobiyuki watched the totally stricken look on his face 
get even worse.  "O.K.  Well nice knowing you then."  He 
patted the Shinto Priests shoulder, and proceeded to welcome 
his guests.
	And it had been such a nice day too, Yoshou thought.

	Tenchi was scared.
	Never in his life had he seen something scarier.  
There was nothing in the universe he had ever seen that could 
compare to it.  He would have almost preferred to have Ayeka 
and Ryouko going all out again than to see the sight before 
him.
	It was horrifying!
	It was terrifying!
	It was petrifying!
	It was Minagi and Kiyone. Chatting.
	Just that.  Chatting.  Not about their mutual love 
interest.
	Just chatting.
	Cyraqs had walked out of the kitchen where he had been 
helping Tsunami clean up after lunch.  Without skipping a 
beat he had turned around and went back the way he had come.
	Strangely enough Sasami had come out here to talk with 
them.  Then again she was always immune to these type of 
conflicts.
	Actually he would have preferred a conflict than this.
This was eerie!
	His mind returned to the scene an hour ago when they 
had first met.
	The seven of them had walked into the house.  This 
wasn't surprising since Minagi and Y'mir dropped by all the 
time.  What was surprising was the person hanging off 
Yoshou's arm.
	What was weirder was the fact she really wasn't all 
that mad at him for the 'disguise.'  If anything she was 
actually...happy about it.
	Yoshou looked like a man about to shake hands with 
death.
	Kiyone had looked up at them as they had entered.  So 
had the rest of those in the living room.  And for some 
strange reason it got deathly quiet.
	Asahi and Kiyone looked at each other for the longest 
time.  Suddenly they walked toward each other.  They circled 
each other for a moment...looking nothing more than like cats 
sizing each other up.
	Then the most frightening thing of all happened.
	They grinned at each other and shook hands.
	This was not good.  This was not good at all.
	RIP Yoshou.  Your time has come.

	After dinner Ryo-ohki walked out to the mountain, as 
she had for the past month.  There was a pile of stones 
there, the same pile that Drakhenn had crushed before the 
Tokimi incident.  And there nestled in the pile was what 
appeared to be the sculpture of a small dragon.
	She reached out and caressed it lovingly.  How much 
longer will you be like this Drakhenn?  How much longer?  You 
look funny like that you know.  She giggled.  Like a little 
gargoyle.  Her eyes misted.  You weren't grown I know.  And 
yet at the same time you were.  So now you undergo your final 
metamorphosis.  I wonder what you will look like after this?  
Tsunami tells me that you will be stronger, faster, bigger 
even.  More intelligent too.  Will you still love me after 
all these changes?  Tsunami and Cyraqs say yes.  Ryouko even 
says you will.  I believe you will.  Hurry up!  I don't like 
being without you for very long.  She quirked up a grin.  
Besides who will I have to pounce on occasionally?
	
	"Hey, Hey, ow!  Cut it out!"
	"Yes mother...ow!  I find this highly 
unnecessary...ow!"
	Misaki entered Ayeka and Sasami's (and most of the 
time her) room, dragging Ryouko and Ayeka by the ear.  Behind 
them came Funahou and Washuu bearing very disapproving 
expressions on their faces.
	Misaki tossed them both to one side of the room.  
Imagine if you will a woman who is nothing more than love and 
affection personified, who does nothing but smile and laugh 
share her love with others.  Also has the Elmira cute 
complex, but that is easily ignored in the face of the rest 
of it.  Now imagine all that overflowing good feeling turned 
to rage.  Then you would have what the two girls were looking 
at now.  "SIT!"
	They sat.
	The two other women entered the room and closed the 
door.
	The click as it slid shut sounded too much like the 
sound a coffin makes when it closes.
	And they weren't even sure what they had done.
"Now I'm going to try to be calm here..." Misaki started,  
Then lost it.  "What the hell do you girls think you are 
doing?!  I have outright had it with this...whatever you two 
were doing!  First you two fight over his affections without 
regards to his feelings, then he blows up and you quit for 
awhile..."  Her eyes roved them with an angry glare, "AND NOW 
YOU ARE STARTING IT UP AGAIN!!!"
	"Uhh...Misaki-chan if I might interrupt..."  The gaze 
Misaki gave Ryouko was more than enough to answer her 
question.  She shut up.
	"Why can't you two get along!  Can't you both see that 
he cares for both of you!  In the way you want him too!"
	"Uhh...mommy..?"
	"Shut up!  I'm not through yet!"  For the next half 
hour they two of them lost many inches off their backsides.  
Or they would have, had they not been glancing at each other 
with small grins on their faces as Misaki continued her ass 
chewing.
	Both Funahou and Washuu noticed and started passing 
questioning glances between themselves and the two girls.  
Unable to get a word in edgewise Washuu queried her daughter 
directly.  In moments Washuu was nearly laughing her ass off.
	She bent over and whispered her knowledge on to 
Funahou, who within seconds was grinning as much as Washuu.
	Finally Misaki seemed to run out of breath.  "Well 
what do you have to say for yourselves?!" she puffed.
	"Only that we were both going to attempt to get him 
used to the idea of being with both of us for the rest of our 
lives.  That's why we were both playing with him and each 
other this morning."  Ryouko said just a hair offhandedly.
	Misaki sat there dumbfounded for a moment.  She 
blinked, four times.  And just as suddenly as it left then 
her sunny disposition returned again.  "Oh that's o.k. then.  
C'mere!"  she reached over and crushed the two girls.  Ayeka 
endured it as best she was able, having lived with the woman 
for most of her life.  Ryouko on the other hand...for some 
reason Misaki had a very calming effect on her.  She couldn't 
understand it.  So whenever she found herself on the 
receiving end of one of these embraces, she almost nodded off 
to sleep.  At least now when Misaki let go she had managed to 
keep from dropping to the ground.  "My girls I'm so proud of 
you."
	"Still I think that there is a flaw in your 
reasoning."  Funahou stated.  The two looked at her in 
question.  "What I mean is he is still a man of Earth and it 
will take him a little convincing to set aside a few of his 
concepts of morality to enable him to marry both of you."  
She smiled at their crestfallen looks.  "However I know he 
loves both of you enough to do just that.  Still I wonder how 
to do it?"
	"I say we just present him the idea and see how he 
handles it."  Washuu piped up.
	"Hey this is OUR future we are talking about here!"  
Ryouko interjected.
	"So when were you going to figure this out on your 
own?  Or were you just going to let things go for a little 
while longer yet?"  Washuu asked.  Ryouko looked down.  "Do 
you see what I mean?"  The two girls reluctantly nodded their 
heads.  "You are right however.  It is your future.  The 
question now is...what do you want to do about it?"  Washuu's 
hands began to rub her large stomach almost as if she were 
thinking of something herself.  "Let me tell you, 
opportunities come when they will, and what is here today may 
not be tomorrow.  Take it while you still can."  Ryouko met 
her mother's eyes and nodded her understanding.  It may all 
be gone tomorrow.  Like Hayes, like Cyraqs.  Like me.  The 
three women left leaving the two girls alone.
	They looked at each other for a moment.
	"How do you want to do this?"  Ayeka asked.
	Ryouko looked at her strangely.  "I was going to ask 
you the same thing."

<How Can I Keep From Siniging-Enya>

	Tenchi found himself back at the lake that evening, as 
he had many times these past few months.  And just as many 
times a familiar presence walked up behind him.
	"Cyraqs."
	"Tenchi."
	The older being sat down next to him, watching the sun 
as it continued it's lazy trek to the horizon.  "So what's 
going on?"
	"I wish I knew."  He humphed.  They sat in silence for 
a while.
	"Still getting to you?"  Cyraqs asked finally.
	"Yeah."
	"Good."  Cyraqs said.
	Tenchi looked at him almost enviously.  "How do you do 
it?"
	"hmm?"
	"How do you keep from screaming at night?  How do you 
keep from killing yourself in guilt?"
	Cyraqs returned the gaze of his younger friend, and 
thought about it for a moment.  "Who says don't?" Cyraqs 
asked.  One of Tenchi's eyebrows shot up.  "I pay for what I 
do."  He grinned suddenly.  "After all this time my sanity 
has suffered."  And Suddenly he lost his grin, "No I'm not 
alright, I don't 'get over it.'  Take for example my empire.  
I am responsible for their current civil war.  I am 
responsible for every innocent death that happens during it.  
And there will be a lot.  Some more horrible than you have 
seen yet Tenchi.  I just go on, until the day my family will 
never be threatened again."  They stayed silent for a moment.  
"Or until I'm dead."  He finally finished.
	"With great power comes great responsibility."  Tenchi 
quoted.
	"But the burden is not ours to bear alone.  I'm just 
now relearning that fact.  I hope you never forget it."
	They watched as the sun set casting it's colors of 
pink and gold over the sky.  Sharing one brief moment of 
perfection, before it disappeared entirely.  "Mihoshi and 
Kiyone taking off in a couple of days?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Yeah.  They've got to report personally to the 
central command concerning what they know of the recent 
events concerning Tokimi.  I've told them to keep it 
discreet."  Tenchi nodded.  "Your parents leaving in a week?"
	Tenchi smiled, "Yeah.  Finally convinced them they 
needed some time alone together."  They both laughed.
	"Forgot to ask.  How's your father taking his new 
change in status?"
	"Well he still goes to work and stuff.  He found being 
immortal kind of cool.  Still needs to eat and breath and 
sleep.  That's kind of funny, I thought he would have become 
something like us.  The only thing he can really do is go 
anywhere he wants in the universe.  Any when too.  I wonder 
why that is?"
	Cyraqs shrugged and lit a cigarette that he pulled 
from nowhere.  "Don't know.  Maybe the universe didn't need 
another Tokimi.  Hell, I don't want another Tokimi."  Tenchi 
looked away for a moment smiling.  Almost at the same time 
Cyraqs remembered just where Tokimi was right now.  And 
cringed.
	"Well just think...she'll definitely keep you on your 
toes."  Tenchi grinned.
	"Don't remind me.  On that subject, think I can borrow 
the keys to your car?" Tenchi looked at him strangely.  As if 
to ask why the hell do you need a car? "Sasami wants to go to 
the mall tomorrow and I said I'd take her."  Trying to get 
back on her good side?  That will only go so far, Cyraqs.  
Heh.  "Figured that would be better than just showing up 
there."
	"Yeah sure."  Cyraqs finished his smoke and threw it 
into atomic particles.  "Well shall we head back?"
	Cyraqs shrugged.  The two rose and went back to the 
house that was the center of life for both of them.

	O.K.  Everything is fine.  I can do this.  I really 
wish my wives were here more often, he thought for the 
10,987th time that day.
	It was only the equivalent of 9 am on Jurai now.
	Emperor Asuza of Jurai scanned the report on his desk, 
for about the tenth time.  Damnit.  Why is it that these 
things always happen when they are away?
	The report in question was one that said two families 
of the imperial senate were about to go to war with each 
other.  Over a few supply convoys that one supposedly stole, 
but they never reported this to me.  Uh uh.  Just try to take 
care of it themselves and blame their neighbors.  He shook 
his head in disgust.  He looked up at the messenger who had 
personally brought this report.
	"I want you to find the lords of these two families.  
They are here, right?"
	"Yes."  He was worried.  The Emperor was pissed.
	"Their presence is required at tonight's audience.  
They will attend.  Make sure they understand that.  Report to 
me after you are finished."  He told the messenger bluntly.
	"Yes your majesty."  he saluted before departing.
	I have babies for lords.  I should just fire them all, 
if I could get away with it.  He sighed again, and picked up 
another report.  This one detailed the increased pirate raids 
all over the Juraian systems.
	This makes no sense.  We are the pirate guild.  A new 
one has sprung up, I wish Funahou were here so her lines of 
communication could be used with the guild and perhaps a few 
of her spies might know.  Damnit!  I guess I'll have to wait 
a couple of days when they both come back for their two days 
a week.
	He looked at the usual mountain of paper work on one 
corner of his desk.  Many projects and requests awaiting his 
approval and authorization.
	He sighed for a third time and set his head down on 
the desk.  "I need a vacation."  Asuza said to himself.

	X smiled as he heard the transmission from the office, 
via the bug he had managed to disguise from the palace 
sensors.
	You need that more than you know.
	His laugh would have made Megatron envious.

	<End Theme:  Walk of Life-Dire Straights>

Afterward:  Not much to say about this one.  Send C&C to 
Kthardin@geocities.com.  
