Hi there ! This is the second part of a 5 part story. It is also my first 
attempt at writing something in English (I'm French), therefore there might
be some errors in it.


Legal stuff.

This story is in the Tenchi Muyo OAV universe. All rights reserved to whoever
possessed them blah blah blah you get the point.


Important stuff too.

I would like to thank JEEPEAGLE for his help in the english translation of
this text.  Merci !





Sasami's Quest II    - Mihoshi -


WARNING: READ THIS!

I STRONGLY suggest that you read the first part of this story before
reading this. The first part is also available on this site (Sakura Lemon
Fan-Fiction Achive)





The following morning, Sasami awoke alone in her room. Aeka's clothes were
gone too. The girl quickly dressed herself and got down the stairs, hoping to
find her sister. After a quick search it seemed that Aeka was not in the
house. Sasami finally gave up the search, the gang was about to get up, and
they would be hungry. While making the breakfast, the little princess was
thinking about last night's events. Her sister told her that she would
explain all this "sex" thing to her, but she fell asleep after asking some
strange things to Sasami. The gang finally got up, while they were around
the table Sasami noticed that Ryoko was not present either. When Tenchi
asked where Aeka and Ryoko could be, his father responded that he saw them
earlier this morning talking and finally going out. After a little time
everybody got out of the table. Washu returned to her lab, Tenchi went off
to school and Nobuyuki grabbed his HIS stuff and was on his way to his job.

While cleaning the table with Mihoshi, Sasami was still pondering the reasons
of her sister's disappearance. Did she flee because she was afraid of what
Sasami would do or say this morning?  Was she ashamed?  Where did she go?
The table was now clean and Mihoshi was heading for the couch for her
after-breakfast nap.

When Sasami got out of the kitchen, half an hour later, the galaxy police
officer was sound asleep. The little girl decided to take a little break
before starting the laundry and sat in the other couch, in front of Mihoshi.
She closed her eyes, remembering the last week'S events; those strange
but good feelings she got between her legs, the last night with her sister,
and her bath with Mihoshi. Again she was seeing the breasts of the blonde
girl. She was still wondering if they were as soft as they looked like. Once
again, those thoughts generated some heat in Sasami. She instinctively
put her right hand on her sex. She could feel a little heat coming through
the many layers of clothes. She could picture Mihoshi's breasts in her
hands, SOFT and glowing in the light. She suddenly realized the presence
of her hand and opened her eyes. She looked at it; the touch of her hand,
even over all her clothes had increased the sensations between her legs.
She was still thinking about this strange effect when she saw Mihoshi still
sleeping in front of her. The young princess' eyes were following the
officer's curves. Mihoshi was on her back, she was wearing her usual
light-brown pants with her light pink top. She could see her breasts
going up and down following the police officer's breath. An idea was forming
in Sasami's mind and she mentally blushed just thinking about it. She got
up and walked to Mihoshi's couch. For some time she did nothing but
stare at the officer's body. She was afraid that somebody might catch
her but after all she was alone in the house. She kneeled in front of the
couch, still staring at Mihoshi. Finally she raised her right hand toward
the breasts that were moving in front of her. She was not afraid that she
might wake up the police officer, after all she knew that Japan could
proceed to a nuclear test in the yard and that would not wake Mihoshi. She
took a last glance behind her and finally took one of the breasts in her hand.
The moment she touched it, a wave a pleasure passed through her body. Her hand
was on Mihoshi's breast, she din't dare moving at first, but after some
time she started caressing it slowly. Mihoshi din't react, she was still
snoring, her mouth wide open. She kept caressing the breast, more and more
heat was coming from between her legs, her nipples were erect and she
could feel the slightest movement of her clothes on them. She then realized
that Mihoshi's nipples too were becoming harder. She moved her other hand
on the left breast and started massaging them. She could feel the nipples
becoming more and more hard, she wanted to see them, to touch them. Once again
she took a look around her to be sure nobody was here then she started
removing the detective's shirt. She pulled the shirt up to Mihoshi's neck then
stopped. The blonde girl did not wear a bra. Her breasts were in full view of
Sasami, the sunlight was reflecting on them, they looked so soft, so warm. For
a moment Sasami could not move. The sight in front of her was nearly making
her cry. She then moved one hand to them, slowly, quietly. When she touched
them, Mihoshi let a little "Ah!" go then resumed her snoring. The little girl
was now caressing both breasts in her hands. Oh yes, they were soft, hot,
they almost looked... tasty ?  The princess stopped moving. What was
happening ? The heat in her was overwhelming. She wanted to taste them. Why?
She was getting her head closer and closer to Mihoshi's chest, she wanted
to fight this urge but she could not. Finally, her mouth was less then an inch
away from the detective's right breast. Sasami could not see anything but the
red nipple, pointing toward her. She put her hand around the breast, took a
good breath and put her open mouth around it. Once again Mihoshi let a moan
go but did not awake. Sasami was sucking the nipple hard. She was doing like
she did on her sister's sex but now it was on a breast. From time to time she
stopped sucking to play with the nipple with her tongue. Her other hand was
carressing the other breast. She was acting more and more quickly, the heat
in her was incredible, she finally removed one hand and put it between her
own legs. Still sucking, she could feel her own heat under the clothes. She
finally stopped. A large quantity of Sasami's saliva was on the chest of
Mihoshi and on the little girl's face. What is she doing?  She was about
sure she should not do this. Her eyes moved upward, up to Mihoshi's face.
The detective was still sleeping, her eyes closed, her mouth wide opened.
Sasami was blushing, staring at Mihoshi's mouth. She remembered the TV shows
Aeka and Ryoko were always watching, from time to time people would kiss in
those shows. She was blushing even more. She never kissed anybody and wanted
to know how good it felt. She tried to wipe the saliva she had on her own
mouth and got closer to Mihoshi's head. This close up did not help her to
relax. For the first time the little girl took the time to really look at
Mihoshi's face. She was cute, her little nose, her perfect dark skin, her
mouth, her lips, what beautiful lips, she had to taste them. She opened her
mouth, closed her eyes and got closer. Their lips made contact. A shock
passed through the princess' body. The hand that was still between her legs
started to feel moisture passing through the clothes. At first she din't move.
The bare contact of Mihoshi's lips on hers was enough to make her head spin.
She then started to move her lips a little, kissing the upper lip, then the
other, closing and opening again her mouth. It tasted good. She started
to kiss more quickly, she wanted more of the officer's saliva but not
enough was coming out; then she had to go get it. She stopped moving her
head, then she slowly put her tongue inside Mihoshi's mouth. It felt so good.
Instinctively, her hand started to slowly rub between her legs. Now she
could really taste the galaxy police officer. Her tongue was moving trough the
entire mouth, she was playing with Mihoshi's tongue, once again her face was
full of saliva but now it was not just hers. Her other hand got back to
Mihoshi's nipples, she was now rubbing them between her fingers, she could
hear the blonde girl moan in her own mouth but still her eyes were closed.
Sasami was drinking more and more, it tasted good, nearly as good as that
stuff that came out of Aeka. The girl suddenly stopped, got her head up and
re-opened her eyes. The juice that came from Aeka'S sex was probably the
best thing Sasami had ever drank in her life. Would Mihoshi have some too?
Would it taste the same? Or even better?

Slowly, she got out of the couch. She could remember the taste of her sister's
juice in her mouth. Her eyes were no longer on Mihoshi's breasts or lips,
they were fixed on the officer's pants. Again, the princess took a good look
around her to be sure that nobody was around, then she got on her knees.
Delicatly, she unbuttoned the kaki pants and unzipped them quietly. She could
now see a little pair of fancy red panties. It was much more sophisticated
than anything she or her sister had. She removed completely the pants and got
back to the panties; little patterns were sewed into it, which the little girl
was following with the eyes. The red was the same as Washu's hair, except
between the legs was a spot of a much darker red. Sasami smiled and put
a hand on the dark spot; as she suspected, she felt moisture on her
fingers. Yes, she had juice too.  She had got back on the couch, kneeling
between Mihoshi's legs; her left hand was on the officer's leg, keeping her
from falling while the other was rubbing the little red panties.
A loud "Oh!" came out from the detective; Sasami froze in terror
but no other signs of awareness came from Mihoshi. After nearly a minute
the little girl started breathing again and resumed the rubbing while
trying to keep her heartbeat under control. Sasami wanted to see the other
girl's sex, to taste her juice, to feel the heat on her face again, but
in the same time she could not keep her eyes from the red patterns on the
panties. She keep rubbing and rubbing the detective with her right hand while
the other was moving toward her own sex. Once again, the contact of her hand
between her legs gave her a burst of pleasure. After 2 or 3 minutes of
rubbing, the red panties were completely soaked with juice, it was then that
the little girl decided it was enough. She quickly removed the officer's
panties and was staring with awe at the sight before her eyes. The same
yellow patch of hair that she saw in the baths was in front of her but this
time the sex was covered with juice and the clit was peeking out for fresh
air. After a little contemplation the princess moved her head toward the
brown opening she had before her. Both her thumbs were opening Mihoshi's sex
to let more juice come out. The blue haired girl started by just smelling
the area, the odor was nearly the same as her sister's but something was
different. The heat between her own legs was intense but she had to keep
both her hands in front of her. At last she decided to taste. Slowly she
put her tongue at the base of the sex and slid it up. It really tasted good.
She moved her tongue quicker and quicker to get more juice, going deeper
and deeper into the officer to taste that wonderful thing. Sasami wanted
more of it. She saw the extended clit and remembered what her sister said to
her. That "button" was the center for pleasure, if I want more juice I have
to play with it. Her tongue concentrated on the clit. Licking it quicker and
quicker she then decided to simply put it in her mouth. A spasm passed
trough Mihoshi's body when Sasami's lips closed on her clit but still she
was sleeping like a log. The girl keep sucking the sensitive clit, she started
to put a finger inside the sex like she did with her sister, then 2, then
3 fingers Were inside, pushing their way inside the hot sex, then going out
only to get in again, quicker and quicker. The juice was now coming out like
a spring, the girl was still sucking and licking the area, drinking more
and more of this wonderful liquid. Now all her fingers were inside the
police officer. At each thrust her hand was going deeper and deeper inside
the sleeping girl. The little girl's head was spinning with pleasure, she
felt a little drop of liquid going out of her own panties and sliding down
her leg, the heat in her was more intense than ever. Then her hand felt a
resistance inside Mihoshi; is it the end ? No, she could feel the wall
bending a little under her push. She pushed a little more then there was
no more resistance. She resumed the drinking, still going deeper inside her
friend. Her eyes were closed so she din't see the blood coming out with the
rest of the juice, she din't even realize the slightest change of taste
the juice had for some moments, she was completely absorbed by the feelings
and the pleasure inside of her. Each thrust she made with her hand made her
breasts make contact with the couch, the light but strange sensation was
generating even more pressure inside the girl. She felt another drop of liquid
coming out of her panties and decided to go investigate the situation.
While she kept drinking Mihoshi's juice, using her left hand to keep the
sex open, she made her right hand pass trough her clothes, up the her own
underwear. The nearly direct contact on her sex made her moan with pleasure,
she could feel that she was becoming very wet too. Still licking and sucking
she started to slowly rub herself over the panties. Spasms of pleasure were
passing through her, Mihoshi's body too seemed out of control and while the
little girl felt contractions inside the officer's sex a final shock made its
way inside her. Both girls got their orgasm at the same time; Sasami's first
ever. For about a minute the girl didn't move, a smile was on her mouth,
her hand still inside her clothes she was catching her breath. After a
moment the princess got up and was back on the floor. A smile was also on
the officer's face, she was still fast asleep but Sasami knew that she would
get up soon for her mid-morning snack. She quickly got to the kitchen to
get a towel and tried to remove any traces of liquid on Mihoshi's body;
there was not much left. She put the blonde girl's shirt down but when
came the time to put the red panties back Sasami decided to keep them to
remember this day. After all, Mihoshi would surely not be surprised to
realize that she forgot to put on a pair of panties this morning. With much
difficulties she put back the pants in place and took a last look to be
sure everything was all right. Her own clothes were a mess too, she had
to change, she also realised that one of her hair straps had broken during
the "action" so one of her tails was loose in her back; she will have to comb
her hair back as usual too. She took the officer's panties in her hands; they
were still warm and moist with juice, the girl put her nose in it, smelling
the odor of Mihoshi.

"I hope this smell will never go."

With a last glance at her friend she headed upstairs to her room. She had to
make it quick before dinner. In her hurry she din't notice a strange yellow
device in an upper-corner of the living room. One could say it looked like
a camera.

...........................


In a lab, somewhere in pseudo-space, a red haired scientist was reviewing
what she had just recorded. A grim smile was on her face.


- Well well. Who would have thought ?  How interesting.



.....

I hope you liked this. I was very surprised to get that many good comments
about the first part of this story and I would like to thank all who took
the time to give their impressions to me. The third part should come out
soon. I would welcome and appreciate any comments or suggestions.

Azathoth   ( bonhumm@yahoo.com )
