Hi there! This is the third part of a 5 parts story. It is also my 
first  attempt at writing something in English (I'm French), therefore 
there might be some errors in it.


Legal stuff.

This story is in the Tenchi Muyo OAV universe. All rights reserved to 
whomever possessed them blah blah blah you get the point.



Thanks.

I would like to thanks my new friend TankCop for is moral support.
WYVOREN, WHERE ARE YOU????
Adzz, j'temmerde !



Sasami's Quest III    - Washu -   UPDATED!!



WHAT`S NEW ?

Why updated ?  Well, the story itself din`t change but you might find
some serious improvements in the english.
I would like to give a lot of thanks to  my new friend Patrick "Friend of Key" 
who corrected this novel and will help to correct the next too. Thanks man.


WARNING: READ THIS!

I STRONGLY suggest that you read the first 2 parts of this story before
reading this. The first parts are also available on this site.



Four days had passed since the "Mihoshi Incident" and there was still 
no news of Aeka or Ryoko. Although it was common for Ryoko to disappear 
for weeks, it was not for the princess. Each day since the 2 girls 
vanished Sasami and Tenchi got more and more worried, while Mihoshi was 
speculating amazing theories to explain their disappearance. During all
those days Washu never came out of her lab nor showed any interest in 
the case. The little princess had to bring her meals to the lab and 
each time she got in it, Washu looked at her with a mysterious smile 
that made her ever more nervous.

On the morning of the fifth day, Sasami entered the lab with a light 
breakfast for the scientist, doubting that she had slept last night 
for a change. Much to her surprise she didn't find the genius working
feverishly on her computer, but instead she was simply sitting on a 
hovering pillow, her legs crossed, that strange smile still on her face.
Sasami let the tray on a table and was about to leave when Washu asked 
her to stay.


"Come on Sasami. Have a seat. We hardly speak these days."


The girl was about to say that she had to go clean the house but a 
chair popped up from under her feet and she found herself sitting before
she realized it.


"So Sasami. How are you doing ? Everybody seems nervous in the house."


The princess resettled herself in the chair to free her long ribbons of 
hair which she had sat down on.

"Well, Aeka and Ryoko have disappeared with Ryo-oh-ki for 5 days now, 
and nobody know where they are. I know it's normal for Ryoko but I..."

"Don't worry about it, Aeka asked Ryoko for a ride on Ryo-oh-ki to 
Jurai. I think she had to speak to your mom--urgently."

So that was it. Aeka was afraid of what happened the other night and 
had to seek counsel. What will happen now ?  How will mother react ?  
She still didn't know if what she had done was wrong. Certainly, her 
sister seemed to enjoy it, so why would it be wrong ? Why would Aeka 
be afraid of it ?  Remembering the last night she spent with her sister 
brought back some memories, which made her cheeks turn a light red. 
Of course the scientist noticed it and wondered what was the real story
behind all that. Although her link with Ryoko and Ryo-oh-ki made it 
possible for her to know their destination, she didn't know the reasons 
for the trip. Something very special must have happened. She had reviewed
the full recording of the "incident" she recorded five days ago in the 
living-room only minutes ago. To her own surprise, each time she saw it 
she got more aroused by it. Her last "real" sexual experience dated from
more than 7000 years ago and, although she had a lot of devices and 
machines to "compensate", they would never be able to replace a real
human touch. A strange idea had been building in her head since the 
original recording. Of course it was not very ethical but after all, 
in physical term, she too was a minor.

"It's been so long since we really were together that I think you grew 
a little bit since last time."

"Really ?"

"Yes, in fact I would like to monitor your development so I could keep 
track of your evolution. After all you are in the first stages of 
womanhood."

"Hu, sure. What should I do ?"

The little girl remembered how Tenchi was afraid of entering Washu's 
lab now because of all the "tests" she made him undergo. Washu pressed 
a button on a board and many controls, screens and computers popped out
of nowhere. Some kind of vertical platform appeared behind Sasami. 
Little handles were on that platform where the hands and feet of a 
humanoid form should be--if somebody was on it. 

"I would like you to remove your clothes and take your place on it, 
Sasami."

"All... all my clothes ?"

Washu had observed for some time that Sasami was very shy about her 
body. She'd always kept a towel on in the baths, even if there were 
just girls in it. In fact she didn't remembered seeing her naked ever.
So she decided to take it slowly, to give her a chance to adapt. 

"Well, it would be better if you'd remove them all so I could place 
electrodes everywhere but if you don't want to you can only remove 
what you want of course."

The little girl smiled and started to remove her belt, folded it 
correctly and put it on the chair. She removed her "dress-apron" then 
the fluffy-white kind of pants she had underneath. When she stepped on
the platform she had only her top "kimono-shirt", pale-blue panties and
a pair of little white socks. Washu put the chair behind the platform 
then adjusted the handles for Sasami's size. Since the platform was
hovering a foot over the floor, Sasami was standing higher than Washu so
the scientist had to stretch to put the electrodes on the princess's 
head. The genius started a couple of sensors then got behind the platform
to check some connections. Something brought her attention to Sasami's 
clothes, all perfectly folded on the chair. A little spot of red fabric 
was showing out of a pocket on the dress. As she removed it from the 
dress, Washu discovered a pair of elaborate red panties, far too big to
be Sasami's. The scientist was speechless. During her monitoring
of the "events" between Mihoshi and Sasami she saw that the little girl 
kept the officer's panties for herself but to realize that since then 
she'd always kept them on her was amazing. As she saw Sasami did, she 
took a good sniff of the panties. It did smell good. "I will have 
to run some tests on Mihoshi too some day".


"All these readings are looking pretty good Sasami. You are in perfect 
health and all of your vital signs are good. Now I would like to test 
your reactions about people. I will tell you the names of people and I 
want you to think about them so I could measure your reactions to them. 
Ready ?"

"Yes."

"OK. Think about your sister."

The readings appeared on Washu's screens. The little girl had a deep 
love for Aeka, but on the outer layers of her brain some jealousy and 
even some frustration were apparent. Why jealousy ? Is she jealous 
because Aeka is the first princess ? Or is it something deeper ? Maybe 
because of Aeka relationship with Tenchi.

"Very good Sasami. Now please think about Ryoko."

Love was still present on her screens but this time the jealousy was 
stronger. The scientist thought that it was definitely a physical 
jealousy. The little girl was jealous of the body of the space pirate, 
jealous that she could try to seduce Tenchi while she could not. Yes, 
it's becoming very interesting.

"All right, now what about Mihoshi ?"

Her love for Mihoshi was different than for the others. At first a 
sense of friendship was apparent but something else was there too. 
It nearly looked like.. a physical attraction. Yes, no doubt after the 
events of the other day. Jealousy was still present but the frustration 
was lower. Obviously the princess didn't think that Tenchi would
be really interested in the police officer. Washu also noticed a small 
elevation of temperature and an increase of hormones in the girl's 
blood. She was probably thinking of her experience with Mihoshi and was
getting a little aroused by it... and so was Washu.

"Fine, think about Tenchi now please."

Wow, a very deep love was showing. A melange of respect, friendship, 
love and even physical attraction. Yes, the sensors were detecting a 
significant increase of heat around her sex organs and her hormone level
was seriously rising. That must be it. She's jealous of the others girls
because she can't enter the fight for Tenchi yet.

"And last: what do you think about me ?"

Now the girl was a little shy. She was trying to shield her emotions 
but to no avail. Much to her surprise there was no trace of the immense
respect that the girl should naturally have for the greatest scientist in
the universe but only a deep friendship and love. No jealousy was 
present either. "Hum, since my physical form is not much older than 
hers she does not consider me a threat for Tenchi." 

"Now I will ask you some personal questions, please don't be shy OK ?"

"OK."

"How do you feel about Tenchi ?"

The little girl flushed and searched for an answer for some moments.

"Well uh, I like him very much. He is kind, gentle and polite. It's 
almost like I had a big brother."

"I see, nothing more ?"

"N.. no, not really."

"OK. Have you started to have periods ?"

The little princess knew what a period was. It was a time of the month 
when her sister would be even more aggressive and that she had to wash
blood spots on Aeka's underwear. She also knew that it was a very 
important sign of womanhood.

"No. Not yet."

"And do you masturbate ?"

"Wh.. what ?  What do.. what do you mean ?"

"Do you touch yourself sometimes to give yourself pleasure ?"

A grim smile was on Washu's face. Sasami was remembering the 
extraordinary feelings she had during her experience with Mihoshi, the 
touch of her own hand on her sex had created sparks of pleasure inside 
her. It even made her create a little of that juice that she so 
feverishly drank from Aeka and Mihoshi. Her body started to feel hot, 
she wanted to put her hands inside her panties but could not. She was 
red from embarrassment.

"Hu, can I go now ? I don't feel so good and I have a lot of work to 
do."

"You didn't answer my question. By the way, I would like to show you a 
little something."

A giant screen came out of the floor in front of the girls. 

"I would like you to take a look at that and tell me what you see."

As she pressed a button on a panel the surrounding got darker and the 
screen lighted-up. On it appeared a ceiling-view of the Masaki's living 
room. Mihoshi was clearly asleep on one couch while a little blue-haired 
girl was touching the breasts of the officer with her hands. They could 
see the little girl looking around then removing Mihoshi's shirt to 
reveal the officer's magnificent breasts. As the movie went on 
and on the princess was speechless. Her eyes were wide open, signs of 
despair, fear and embarrassment on her face. Meanwhile Washu was 
recording the physiological reactions of Sasami. Her body was heating up
like a furnace and the hormone readings showed a definite sexual 
reaction. As she looked at the screen herself she started to feel some 
excitement too, her clit was calling for caress and so was the rest of 
her body. 

The princess was astonished by what she was seeing. Washu knew all along 
what happened that day. Does she knows about her sister ? Seeing those
scenes were making her feel hot again. She could sense moisture 
building in her panties and she was craving to touch her sex but she was 
still bound to the wall. As the end of the movie was nearing the little 
girl's breath was quick, sweat was pearling everywhere on her body and 
she could feel a drop of her own juice rolling down her left leg to stop 
at her sock. Washu was looking at her with a smile. She too was feeling 
more and more excited but not so much by the movie as by the reactions of 
Sasami. Finally the film ended with a view of Sasami climbing the stairs 
in a hurry, red panties in her hand. The film had ended, but no light 
came on. The sole illumination was coming from the statics of the now 
empty screen. The only sound was Sasami's heavy breathing. The feeling 
between her legs was nearly hurting her, she HAD to touch herself to
let go a little of the pressure there. Then Washu's voice came from the 
darkness.

"So, what were you saying about touching yourself ?"

No responses came, only rapid and heavy breathing.

"You seem pretty daring about sexual relation with your housemates, 
Sasami. Do you do this often ? With Mihoshi ? With somebody else ?"

"No... first time ever... Mihoshi... will not do it again... promise... 
please let me go."

"First time with Mihoshi ? And what about with others ? Does your 
sister's disappearance have something to do with that ?" 

"No.. yes... gave her... pleasure... SHE asked... I swear."

"I see. Did she touch you too ? Did she give you "pleasure" too ?"

"No... all this was new for me... never felt like that before... nobody 
ever touched me."

"Nobody eh ?"

"No."

"And you never touched yourself before the other day with Mihoshi ?"

"No"

"Did it bring pleasure to you ?"

"Y.. yes"

"Would you like to feel that again?  To have it both ways this time. 
Not only to give it but also to receive it?"

No responses. The speed of the breathing increased again.

"So ?"

"Yes... YES!"

Washu walked from behind the platform and was standing between Sasami 
and the screen. Although all that the princess could see was a dark 
shadow against the static field she could tell that the scientist had 
removed all her clothes. Since the platform was still hovering a foot in 
the air, their heads were nearly at the same height but Washu was still 
standing in front of the screen, a couple of meters away from the bound 
girl. Having the light at her back instead of in front of her, she could 
see Sasami perfectly. Her face was red, her body covered with sweat, she
could discern some moisture on the princess's panties and on her legs 
and two hard nipples were pointing directly at her under the light shirt.
This view was overwhelming for Washu and she could not stop her hand from
quickly touching her own sex. She rubbed herself only once then removed 
her hand, took a deep breath and walked toward Sasami. She used her right
hand to caress the girl's hair, slowly and passionately. She then started
to go down, caressing her cheek, her nose, she passed a finger on
the princess's lips and the girl reacted by licking it. The hand was 
now on the neck, caressing both sides and the back of her head. Then, her
hand still behind the head, Washu gave a light but passionate kiss on the
princess's neck. Sasami let go a little "ah!", the heat inside of her was
burning. She had to be touched now, quickly, why was Washu taking so
long ? In reaction to the princess' exclamation Washu put her mouth near
her right ear and whispered: "It's only the beginning".

The scientist took a step backward and was now looking at the pointed 
breasts of the little girl. They seemed bigger than what they looked 
like when the princess had all her clothes on. Being careful not to touch
the body, Washu stated to open the light kimono-shirt that was the last 
layer of clothes before the skin. The bra, of course, was an Earth 
invention and even if Aeka had adopted it her little sister didn't really 
felt the need for one yet. The shirt open, the blue-haired girl's chest 
was in full view of Washu. The little breasts were indeed bigger than 
Washu thought. Although they were still smaller than hers, the scientist 
had no doubt that Sasami would be at the same development stage than her 
in a matter of months. The breasts were standing about two inches in 
front of the rest of her chest, two little pink nipples, about the size 
of a nickel, were erected and eagerly awaiting to be touched. Lower, a
flat stomach was visible with a middle line going from the base of the 
breast to the blue lines of the panties. The scientist got down on her 
knees to take a better look at those panties. They were "standard"
kid cotton underwear, sky-blue with a little pink ribbon on the top, 
but they were really getting wet now. A line of moisture was present 
from between the girl's legs to the middle top of the panties. The fine 
line of the pussy lips was visible trough the underwear soaked in the 
girl's love juice. Placing her face nearer to the panties, Washu put a 
light kiss on the base of it and then run a finger along the full length 
of the pussy lips. At the contact, even if it was over the underwear, 
Sasami arched her back and let go a loud "AH!". She never felt like that.
When she touched herself the feeling was incredible but there was no 
description for the sensation she had now that somebody else was touching
her. Smiling at the princess's reactions, Washu kept running her finger 
on the panties, going slowly back and forth. After only a minute or so, 
the girl's breathing got quicker as she climaxed. No sound came from 
Sasami's mouth as juice flowed out of her. The scientist was surprised 
at the early orgasm. "Already? Wow, Jurain really ARE sensitive".  

The princess was beside herself. It was only the second orgasm of her 
life but this one was already so much more powerful than the first one 
that the princess was wondering how many other surprises her own body 
had in reserve. Not more that a minute had passed when Sasami felt that 
the floating wall was moving. The "wall" was rolling backward until it 
come to a horizontal position, now being more a table than a wall.
The restrains on her ankle suddenly disappeared but her hands where 
still held above her head. Although the only light in the room was still
coming from the statics of the big screen "TV", the girl could see Washu
climbing on the table and placing herself just above her. The scientist 
was on all fours, just above the little princess. She could see the green
eyes looking at her. Slowly she lowered herself toward Sasami and kissed 
her again. At first she only gave her a quick kiss on the princess's face 
and neck but before long their lips made contact, creating waves on 
pleasure in both girls. Washu used her hand to open Sasami's mouth and 
began to use her tongue to explore the girl's orifice. Surprised at 
first to have somebody else's tongue in her mouth, the princess quickly 
adapted and sent her tongue in response. After about one minute of 
passionate kissing, the scientist broke the embrace and started to move 
downward. Once above the princess's breast she started to blow some air 
softly on the already hard nipples. She kept teasing the little girl for 
some time. Sasami was about to go crazy. The light contact of the air on 
her breast was good but not enough, she wanted to be touched but her 
hands were still bound. Smiling at the look on Sasami's face Washu, now 
sitting on her knees, began to rub the tits with her hands. At first she 
was only caressing the "outer rim" of them but slowly she made her way up
to the already hard nipples. Playing with them with her fingers, she 
suddenly pinched them hard. The shock passed trough the princess's body 
as she let go a little cry of pain.

"Oh! I'm sorry. Did I hurt you ?" asked the scientist with a grim smile 
on her face. "Here, let me heal them." she said as she moved her mouth 
toward Sasami's right breast. At first she only stroked the hurting 
nipple with her tongue but before long she was sucking it gently. She 
switched from one nipple to the other, sometimes only kissing them,
sometimes engulfing them completely in her mouth. Sasami was drifting 
in a world of bliss and pleasure. She tried to rub her thighs one on the 
other to get some friction on her sex but to no avail. 

Again Washu moved downward. Her hands were running down Sasami's waist 
as she was nearing the now soaked cotton panties. She removed them 
slowly, kissing the princess's thighs as she did so. A thin line of blue 
hair was running along the lips, juice making them glow. Closing her eyes
Washu was smelling the area. "Hum, it's been a long time indeed. And I 
think it will even be better than with Yume (*)." It didn't take long 
for Sasami to reach her second orgasm of the day. The red-haired girl 
had only started to touch the princess when she was convulsing with joy.

"You do taste good, you know that?" asked the scientist. No response 
came from Sasami; she was trying to catch her breath. 

"So! Liked that ?"

No words. Only a smile, a beautiful and satisfied smile.

"Don't think its finished. Now it's my turn."

With a snap of her fingers she freed Sasami's hands. She quickly placed 
herself upside-down on the princess in a good old 69. Washu's pubic hair 
was brushing on Sasami's face, her eyes were wide open. The scientist
was not doing anything, her eyes were closed, waiting for Sasami. Washu 
was already pretty much exited, her juice was dripping from her sex to 
Sasami's face. Licking it off of her cheeks the princess began to lick 
her friend. Her experience was helping. She immediately found Washu's 
clit and attacked it hard with her tongue and fingers. It didn't take 
long either before Washu climaxed but Sasami didn't stop. She wanted more
of this new juice, still good but again just a little different from the 
others. Washu was catching her breath while smiling. It as been
good and Sasami looked like she was up for another round. She started 
fingering, licking, sucking her partner. She could feel the princess's 
fingers inside of her and did the same. "Wow, at least she is still a 
virgin, look how tight she is." The confirmation came quickly as she 
reached Sasami's hymen. She pushed it a little but decided to leave it 
intact. 

Instead she used some tricks that Sasami didn't know: secret pleasure 
places, electric zones, areas of joy. Sasami was overwhelmed by all 
this, trying to do all those new wonderful things to Washu but she had 
trouble concentrating. As she pushed her fingers in the scientist she 
absently remarked that there was no resistance like she met in Mihoshi. 
Both fingering, drinking, licking, sucking, even gently biting
each other they finally came together. For Washu it was a very good 
relief but for Sasami it was the greatest orgasm she ever had (even if 
it was only her fourth). Exhausted, the little princess fell asleep.

When she woke up she was in her bed. Looking at the clock on the wall 
she saw it was 3.00 p.m. She was wondering if she had dreamed all that 
but then she realized she was naked. Looking at her sex she knew she did 
not dream it, her sex was swollen red and very sensitive. A sense of 
doubt and fear rose in her. What is happening ?  How could I ever look at
Washu again ? 

After half an hour of meditation a little meow startled her. Ryo-oh-ki 
had jumped on her bed and was looking at her with a big smile. Smiling 
she took her into her arms.

"I'm so happy to see you again. But wait, if you're here it means that 
Ryoko is back... and Aeka too."

She quickly got up to dress herself. Her clothes were put on the floor 
near her bed and so were Mihoshi's panties but however long she looked 
around, she could not find her own panties.



(*)-Yume.   See the manga "Unreal Genius" by Viz Comics, based on the 
Tenchi Muyo OAV. They are pretty good.



End of part III






WHAT`S NEW ?

Why updated ?  Well, the story itself din`t change but you might find
some serious improvements in the english.
I would like to give a lot of thanks to  my new friend Patrick "Friend of Key" 
who corrected this novel and will help to correct the next too. Thanks man.



I hope you liked this. I was very surprised to get that many good comments
about the first 2 parts of this story and I would like to thanks all who 
took the time to give their impressions  to me, even to that MST guy 
(hell, I thought I had time to spare).  The fourth part should come out 
soon and  yes, it will involve Ryoko .I would welcome and appreciate any 
other comments or suggestions. I know it was not as good as the others 
but my limitation in english show itself much more when I have to involve
more than 1 person in the same action. Thank you to Tank Cop for bugging 
me so often for part III that I decided to finish it.

I'm sorry it have taken that long before I finish part 3 but I promise 
I'll do the 2 others more quickly.



Azathoth   ( bonhumm@yahoo.com )
           ( bonhumm@hotmail.com )

