Hi there ! This is the first part of a 5 part story. It is also my first 
attempt at writinge something in English (i'm French), therefore there must
be some errors in it.



Legal stuff.

This story is in the Tenchi Muyo OAV universe. All right reserved to whoever
posses them blah blah blah you get the point.


Important stuff

I would like to thank JEEPEAGLE and WYVOREN for their help with the english
translation of this text.  Merci !




Sasami's Quest I

It had been a hard day for Sasami. In addition to the daily chores of
cleaning and cooking, she was forced to stop yet another battle between her
sister and Ryoko, fight to defend the carrot reserves against Ryo-o-ki
and save Tenchi from one of Washu's new experiments. At last, all of that was
done and she could finally relax in the family flying-domed-bathhouse
(who built that anyway ?). Being alone except for Ryo-o-ki,  she left
her towel on the side of the bath, enjoying the contact of the water on
her body. She liked this. When the others girls were in the bath
with her, she'd always keep her towel on, being too shy to show her
little body to all of those fully grown women. For more than a hour, Sasami
was in a near-sleep state, being awakened from time to time by surprise
attacks by Ryo-o-ki who kept trying to poke her on the head while staying at
a safe distance from the water. She finally decided it was time to get out.
It was long past her usual bed time. After all, she needed to be awake and
ready more than a hour before the rest of the gang to prepare breakfast.
She stood up, her eyes closed, feeling the water rolling down her body.
When she opened her eyes, she saw her reflection on the clear water. She knew
that it would be many years before she could really enter the battle for
Tenchi's love. Would he still be available ? The young girl continued gaze at
her reflection. She often saw Ryoko naked in the baths, and therefore realized
that she was a long way from womanhood. Her breasts had begun to grow
less than a year ago. She raised her hands to them, they were still
small but firm, and the little nipples were pointing out on each of them.
Recently she had discovered that her nipples sometimes felt hard. More
specifically, they felt hard when Tenchi was around. Still looking at her
reflection in the water, she let her hand trail down to her flat, smooth
stomach. Her waist was thin, but not to the point of being boney. She finally
put both her hands on her waist and looked at her sex; a fine line was
separating the two thin layers of skin. Recently, she had happily noticed
the appearance of  little blue hairs on the lower part of her belly and on
her nether lips. Jurai society being quite conservative about sex, the only
thing she knew is that she had started to look like the other girls. On some
nights, when Aieka and her are in their beds, she can hear her sister moving
under her futon while gently moaning Tenchi's name. Feigning sleep, Sasami
could not help but notice the strange feeling between her legs. One time she
even moved a hand to the spot and found that it was a little wet. From
Ryoko's talking, Sasami knew that a human body can bring great pleasure and
that is what was probably happening to Aieka. While thinking about that, she
once again felt that strange sensation inside of her. Looking around to be
sure that she was still alone, she carefully moved one finger on her sex,
feeling a curious but pleasant sensation. It was decided. The next time she
heard Aieka moaning, she would ask her a few questions.

More than a week had passed since Sasami's resolution and still nothing had
happened. Each day, Sasami got to bed even earlier than usual. When her
sister, some hours later, finally joined her in their common room she had
always feigned sleep. Nevertheless, her big sister simply undressed, got in
bed and fell asleep. This evening Sasami took another bath. This time,
however, Mihoshi was there too, so Sasami decided to keep her towel on despite
the fact that the young galaxy police officer was completely naked. The little
princess really liked Mihoshi and they talked for more than two hours before
Sasami had to get out to prepare supper. During all that time Sasami could
not get her eyes off of Mihoshi's breasts. They were so big that she could
not help but feel jealous. She was wondering if they were firm like her's or
if they were as soft as they looked. Two times during the bath the blue
haired girl had walked toward Mihoshi and then had intentionally slipped and
fallen toward Mihoshi, her hands attempting to grasp one of her breasts. The
first time she missed completely and got nothing more than Mihoshi's concerns.
The second time her fall was more accurate but her hand still missed and
she found herself really falling out of control. She dove completely under
water, her head crashing onto the concrete, just between the detective's legs.
The girl felt a bump growing on the side of her head but her attention
was caught by something else. For a second, time seemed to cease, and Sasami
found herself staring directly at Mihoshi's sex. A great patch of golden hairs
were rippling slowly in the water like wind across a field of wheat. In the
middle of that the little princess could see, Mihoshi's lips being slightly
opened by the pressure of water, the clit peeking a little out of the folds of
her skin, and a little corridor of darkness. Then time suddenly resumed, and
Sasami could sense Mihoshi's hands coming into the water to help her out to
the air. One of the officer's hands landed on Sasami's left shoulder but
the other fallen on her right breast, completely engulfing it in the dark
hand. The princess felt a shock trough her body at this contact and gulped,
losing what air was left in her lungs. She got her head out of the water,
gasping and coughing. When she finally re-opened her eyes, Mihoshi was
looking at her with concerned eyes, asking her if she was alright. Her left
hand had moved quickly to the right shoulder of Sasami but the little girl
could not forget the sensation she had nor the arousing vision she had seen
for a mere second before.

Sasami was in her bed for more than a hour and she still could not sleep.
Behind her closed eyelids she was reliving the incident at the bathhouse. She
could still see Mihoshi's breasts in her mind, wishing that she could have
been able to touch them. They looked so soft. The princess was feeling
strange, she was fairly sure she should not feel this way about another girl
but she still desperately wanted to touch the blonde woman. She was thinking
about her under-water vision when she heard the door of her room open. She
didn't move or make a sound so her sister would think that she was asleep.
Aieka closed the door quietly and started to undress herself. Sasami could
hear the many layers of clothes of her sister fall on the ground. As usual
the first princess did not take care of placing her clothes correctly and
would have to ask Sasami  to iron them tomorrow. Aieka finally got in her bed
and the silence returned. After 2 or 3 minutes Sasami heard her sister
calling her quietly.

 "Sasami? Sasami," she asked softly.

The little girl didn't respond, hoping that something would happen.

 "Good," Aieka said to herself, "she's asleep."

Sasami could not repress a little smile that crept on her face. It would seem
that she was right. At first she could not hear anything and thought that
maybe Aieka was sleeping. Then she heard movement under her sister's futon.
She tried a quick glance and saw that her sister was on her back, eyes closed,
mouth open and both her arms under the futon. The little princess moved her
head a little to get a better view. She could see a little movement under the
futon. It would seem that one of Aieka's hands was moving around her breasts
while the other was busy between her legs. Sasami was still quiet, looking at
her sister with a little smile, listening to her breathing increasing in
speed. She started to feel that strange sensation between her legs and quietly
moved her right hand to that region. It was a good idea. She was only
touching her pajamas, but she could still feel a pleasant sensation. Aieka
was still breathing faster and now both her hands seemed to be between her
legs. Sasami was still looking, but she was a little confused. Of course the
contact on her sex was feeling good but Aieka looked like she was having a
really great time. Almost unconsciously, the little princess moved her hand
under her pajamas and felt the soft fabric of her panties. An electric shock
seemed to pass trough Sasami's body and she let go of a little "ah!"
At the sound of her sister's voice, Aieka abruptly stopped her action and
turned her head toward Sasami. The little princess's eyes were wide open,
looking directly at Aieka and a little blush was on her cheeks. Aieka didn't
know what to do. Had her sister heard her touching herself? Did she know what
she was doing ? What should she say ? Why had Sasami moaned ? The two sisters
were looking at each other in the little moonlight. Finally, Sasami got a
full breath and decided to talk.

 "What were you doing sis," she asked.

"What ?  Well.. I.. I was not doing anything," she replied evasively.

Sasami could not help but laugh softly when she saw how red her
sister's face was now.

"You where doing something. Your hands were moving under the futon."

"No. I was.. scratching myself that's all."

"Come on sis. Tell me what you were doing. I want to know, please," Sasami
begged.

Aieka was feeling worse and worse. How would she get out of this mess?
Talking about sex had always made her feel bad. She remembered the first and
only time she had a talk about sex with her mother, Misaki. She was fourteen
and her mother was more open about sex than the average Juraian. She told her
about the reproduction side of the sex and a little bit about how "fun"
that sex can be. However, should she try to explain all of that to Sasami
now? She felt really strange. She was about to come when she had stopped.
What should she do? Sasami was now sitting on her bed still looking at her.
Aieka was still feeling the moisture between her legs and she wanted to touch
herself but couldn't. Aieka finally sit up on her bed, keeping the cover over
her body, just letting her face show.

"Ok Sasami. What do you think I was doing," Aieka asked, resigned.

"You were touching your body," Sasami said.

"Why do you think I was doing that?"

It was Sasami's turn to blush. She didn't know how to respond.

"Because it felt a little.. good?"

"Why do you say that ?"

"Because sometimes when I put my hand between my legs it makes me feel
strange .. and good."

"I see. It would seem that you're older than I thought. I haven't see your
body for some time now so I can't tell how much you have developed but ..."

"But what?"

A little smile was on Aieka's face. An idea had just occurred to her. For some
time she had been masturbating while thinking about Tenchi. Of course it felt
good but surely not as good as when somebody else touches you.

"Do you know how to get pleasure by touching yourself," asked Aieka.

The little princess was blushing even more.

"What ? N.. no," she stammered.

"The best way for you to learn would be for me to show you how to touch
me so you will know how to touch yourself."

"You... you think so?"

"Yes. But we must keep that for yourself ok?"

"Ok... What should I do?"

Aieka felt a surge of triumph. She glanced at the door and pulled the blanket
off of her. She was wearing pajamas too. She started to unbutton her top
slowly, bit by bit it opened a little more. The princess kept the top on, but
it was open enough to see that she was not wearing a bra. Then, still sitting,
she removed her pajama pants. Now Sasami could see a little of her sister's
breasts and a white pair of panties.

"Come here Sasami," Aieka said.

The little princess came and sat near her sister. When she was close enough,
Aieka took Sasami's left hand and put it on her legs. Then, still holding the
little girl's hand she made her slide it up to the top of her panties.

"I will teach you how to give me pleasure," Aieka said in a soft voice.

Then the older princess laid down on her back, still holding Sasami's hand
against her underwear. She spread her legs apart and started rubbing her
sister's hand between her legs. Then she let the hand go and Sasami kept the
rhythm, rubbing and rubbing her hand against her sister. Aieka was moaning
with pleasure. It was really something else. Sasami started enjoying it, and
it was obvious that Aieka was having fun so the girl was happy. Then Aieka's
hand came once again over her's. She removed the hand from her body then let
go off it. Sasami looked at her sister with surprise and all she saw was a
great big smile on Aieka's face. She looked back at her sister's undies and
saw that Aieka was removing them. A thin layer of purple hairs were showing
under the little light.

"Again Sasami. Please," Aieka said urgently.

Sasami blushed once again but put her hand back where it was a moment ago.
The sensation was quite different. She was still rubbing her fingers on her
sister's sex but now she was able to really feel the heat and the moisture.
The little girl was not able to look away from the purple patch, and continued
rubbing and rubbing. Aieka was really enjoying all this. She keep moaning and
shivering with pleasure.

"That's good Sasami. Now let me show you what else I want you to do."

Aieka gently removed her sister's hand and put her's between her legs. She
rubbed herself 2 or 3 times and then put a finger inside of herself. A shock
passed trough her body at the contact. She then thrust another finger in and
started pushing them in and out again and again.

"You understand Sasami ? I want you to do this. Do it softly but quickly.
Never completely remove your fingers okay?"

Sasami was amazed by the situation. She would have never thought of putting
anything inside that. But then she decided to comply. She put one finger
at the entrance of her sister's sex and then started pushing it in. It was now
very wet and she could feel the muscles of Aieka's vagina contracting from
the touch of her finger. She keep pushing until all of her finger was inside.
Her sister was arching her back with pleasure.

"Like this," Sasami asked questioningly.

"Oh yes Sasami, that's... that's just perfect. Keep it going, faster," Aieka
encouraged.

Sasami was moving her finger in and out of her sister, accelerating more and
more with the ever increasing speed of her sister's breathing.

"Put another finger in too please," Aieka said between pants.

Now there were two fingers inside of Aieka. Sasami could now feel more and more
heat coming from between her own legs but kept fingering her sister. More
and more juice was dropping on the bed. Aieka was on the verge of the greatest
orgasm she ever had.

"Stop Sasami," she gasped.

The little girl took her fingers out of her sister and looked at her happily.

"Why do you want me to stop sis," Sasami asked.

"I want you to do one last thing. You may find it strange, or even disgusting
but you must do it to learn ok?"

"Huh, ok. What is it ?"

Aieka put her hand on her sex and opened the lips, showing a very swollen
clit.

"You see this ? This is what is makes a girl feel good. I want you to
lick it."

"What ? Lick it ? With my tongue you mean," Sasami asked incredulously.

"Yes please."

"But, but, pee is coming from there. Yuck!"

"There's no pee now. Please. At least try it."

"Geez. Ok I will but..."

Aieka was spreading her legs apart while Sasami was lying in front of her
vagina. The girl was looking at her sister's sex. It looked like Mihoshi's
but for the color of the hairs. Aieka was using 2 of her fingers to open her
vagina so that Sasami could easily see her clit. The entire area was now
soaking in juice, a sight that Sasami was not really enjoying. Finally, she
took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and started licking. Aieka nearly fainted
away at the sensation. There was a first, tentative stroke of the tongue. Then
after a second another, and another, coming more and more rapidly. At first
Sasami found the taste strange, but after a couple of licks she enjoyed the
taste and even wanted more. Her tongue was licker faster and faster while
Aieka was having difficulties trying not to scream with pleasure. Needing to
get more of this juice, Sasami decided to put her whole mouth on her sister's
sex and started sucking the whole area. Aieka was feeling electricity moving
trough her. She was shaking and she was biting her pillow to keep herself from
screaming. Then came the last straw. Still sucking, Sasami got the idea to put
her fingers back inside her sister. Aieka's breath stopped for a second as she
put both her hands on Sasami's head, pushing it into her sex with all her
strength. Sasami was feeling the quick contractions inside her sister. There
was so much juice that she couldn't get it all. She was about to suffocate
when the pressure of Aieka's hands on her head finally relaxed and she pulled
her head away, gasping for air. The little girl was very happy. She looked at
her sister.

"Now what sis ? You will give me fun too ? Sis ? Sis," Sasami asked.

The older princess was on her back, her eyes closed with a smile on her face.

"Sis ? Did you fall asleep ? Sis ? Hey wake up!"

Sasami was shaking Aieka to wake her up but all her big sister did was
say Tenchi, oh Tenchi" over and over.

"Damn sis, that's not fair," the little girl exclaimed angrily.

The little girl finally went to her bed and tried to go to sleep. She was
so angry that she didn't even notice when she put her hand inside her panties.

I hope you liked this. I plan to write the 4 others parts in a near future.

