TENCHI MUYO!:  Recall
A Tasteful Lemon by Brian Navy (geosword@usa.net)
Story Concept copyright (c) me, myself and I.
All characters are the  copyright of AIC/PIONEER
-----------------------------------------------------------------
A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR:  What you are about to read is a lemon.  Yes, even I
am capable of stooping so low.  ^_^  But hey, sue me.  Occasionally I like
to be naughty especially when the RL girlfriend is gone on business in
another city for two week.   -_-   PLEASE HURRY HOME!  When I start to write
lemons you know it's been to long.  Well anyway, this is a story that has
been bouncing around in my Hentaic brain for about a month.  I finally
decided to slap it down on paper and serve it up to all you sex crazed
lunatics out there.  You know how you are!  -_^   This is NOT your standard
tastelessly down lemon of which there are tons of them.  I really try to
write them with tenderness and care.  I really liked the way this short
story turned out and I hope you do too.  Send C&C at will!  But badger me or
flame me and I blow up your house!  ^_^   To AIC/PIONEER, I apologize for
using your characters in this fashion but I just LOOOOOVE MIHOSHI!!!    *_*
------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE #2: This is a repose because I think I screwed up the formating on the
first try.
------------------------------------------------------------------

I LOVE TENCHI:


        He was asleep.  He looked that much more adorable to her.  She would miss
that face.  He was always so kind to her while others laughed at her
expense.  He never insulted and had even risked his life to save her.  She
loved him though she had not really admitted it to anyone.  She had joked
about in the bathhouse with the other girls who really didn't seem to
appreciate it all that much.  She knew they were violent attracted to him
and she would stand no real chance in the arena.  But there were ways around
that fighting game and sneaking into his room late at night when everyone,
including Ryoko, was asleep.
        Mihoshi made her way over to the side of Tenchi's bed and knelt down,
laying on the bed halfway next to his sleeping face.  She was in full Galaxy
Police uniform.  It was because she had been ordered out of the Sol sector
to report back to GP HQ for a promotion.  She had finally gotten a transfer
of assignment.  She had forgotten she had placed one and now she regretted
it.  She wanted to stay with her friends, stay with Tenchi most of all but
she was a professional career woman.  Her job was protecting the public
where ever that may be and so she had to leave.  The new assignment would
put her on the very opposite end of the galaxy, far from the Sol system.
The chances of seeing Tenchi would be maybe once a year if she was lucky.
As she thought about it she wiped away soft tears and started to sniffle a bit.
        Tenchi stirred and opened his eyes.  Beautiful light blue eyes stared back
at him, filled with tears.  He sat up and Mihoshi shrank back from the bed,
not knowing what to do.
        "Mihoshi?  What are you doing here?" Tenchi whispered.
        "I'm... sorry... Tenchi... I ... " Mihoshi lost it and started to sob
pathetically.  Tenchi rolled out of bed and put a hand on her shoulders.
        "What's wrong Mihoshi?"
        She hugged him tightly which caught him a little off guard and he fell back
on to the bed with her on top of him.  She continued to cry, unable to form
any words.  She was really upset Tenchi could tell so he did the only thing
he could thing of, hug her back.  She squeezed him tighter, her tears
starting to soak through his night shirt on to his chest.  He stroked her
bouncy blode hair soothingly.
        "It's okay.  Can you tell me what's wrong Mihoshi?" he whispered softly.
The stroking seemed to calm her down quite a bit.
        "I... don't want to leave..." she choked out.
        "Leave?"
        "I have to go back to Galaxy Police HQ.  They've transfered... me to
another system...  and it's really far away." She said, hugging even
tighter, burying her face into his chest.  "I won't ever get to see you
again..." she started to cry intensely again so he started stroking her hair
again.
        "Oh." Tenchi said, his face showing a great deal of sadness now.  He had
grown very use to Mihoshi's presence.  He real liked her.  She was a great
friend.  She had a ton of spirit and could always brighten a room.  She was
a bit accident prone.  Tenchi smiled at that thought.  Okay, real accident
prone but all her other qualities more than made up for that.  She was all
in all a very sweet tender girl.  When she was gone Tenchi knew a whole
would be left in his life.
        "I am sorry to here that Mihoshi." Tenchi said.
        She looked up at him, sniffling.
        "I need... to tell you... somethings before I go..." she said.
        She climbed up closer to his face and Tenchi gulped.  She was larger than
life now, her beautiful blue eyes filling Tenchi's sight.
        "Mihoshi?"
        "You're the only one here that has ever really... respected me.  You are my
one real friend and..."
        She looked to the side nervously, as if she couldn't decide whether to go
on or not.  She managed to muster up courage to look back at him.
        "I.. really.. ummm... "
        Again, the nervous diversion of her eyes.  After a few seconds she look
backed again and then struck without warning.  Her lips were soft.  Very
soft Tenchi thought.  Then he came to his senses.  She was kissing him!  On
the lips!  He was wide eyed with confusion and his heart shot up to high
rate of beats and he could feel his temperature rising.  He was about to
pull away when the heat turned up more.  She pressed her lips again him
harder and he could feel her tongue trying to enter his mouth and for some
reason his mind could not give an answer for, he opened his mouth up and let
her in.  That was a new sensation and it made his heart beat even faster and
now he felt really warm, uncomfortably warm in his pajamas.  And then
something else happened.  Mihoshi let a cute moan of pleasure slip and
Tenchi's brain shutdown completely while other parts of his body took over.
He hugged her tighter and started rubbing her back tenderly, kissing back
now.  Then she did something that made his toes curl back.  She turned the
kissing into mouth sucking, her lips gliding over Tenchi's tongue repeatedly.
        'No.  This isn't right.  I'm a virgin!  ACK!  What do I do?' Tenchi
thought.  His brain turned away his question immediately and sent it to the
lower department.
        She broke the kiss then and sat up.  She was stradling his lap and Tenchi
knew she could undoubtedly feel his excitement.  She was rasping for breath,
looking at him with those eyes.  He had always loved her gorgeous blues and
of course she was very pretty, beautiful.  Her dark skin made her seem even
more lovely.  She brought a hand up and slid a stray lock of hair from her face.
        "I'm.. sorry... Tenchi..." she whispered.
        Tenchi stared at her in silence, his body locked up by a disfunctional
brain.  Then his brain came back online long enough to send a signal to his
arms.  He reached up and careesed her shapely hips.
        "It's.. okay Mihoshi." He said.
        "I'll go now.  I just wanted you to know... how I felt about you... Goodbye."
        She started to get off but Tenchi held her in place.  She looked back down
questioningly.  Tenchi smiled at her and sat up with her still in his lap.
        "Don't go yet..." he whiserped as he brushed back her hair, removing the
hair ribbon that held up a great portion of her long hair.  The curly locks
fell into place around her shoulders.  With the moonlight behind her she was
a goddess.  Tenchi kissed her willingly this time, eyes closed and she
returned the kiss, hugging him.  He hugged her and the two made out for a
minute before Tenchi broke the kiss, dropping to the left side of her neck
where he planted another kiss then started to suck on the dark skin.  It
seemed like a natural thing to do plus he had seen it on TV before.  She
seemed to like it as she squealed happily and tighten her hold on him with
both her arms and thighs.  Tenchi felt his manhood push into her tight blue
slacks.
        "Oh... Tenchi..." she whispered.
        He leaned forward, laying her gently on her back.  He examined her uniform
and found the zipper on the front jacket.  He pulled it down till it came
loose and pulled the heavy blue jacket open revealing a hardened form
modeled armor plating.  Tenchi erked, a little confused what to do now.
Mihoshi saw the confusion and chuckled.  She pulled the jacket off then
unsnapped the armor buckles on the side and removed it.  It fell the the
floor with a heavy thud.  She now had on just a regular blue dress shirt
which Tenchi quickly went about unbuttoning.  His hands trembled with
excitement and he had trouble with the last two buttons but he managed to
finally undo them.  Mihoshi pulled her shirt apart and her beatuiful brown
skinned breasts came into view.  They were almost to round to be true, full
and very soft looking.  Her nipples were darker colored than the skin around
them and perfectly shaped.  Tenchi gulped as he took in the sight.  He
managed to move a hand up and he grabbed her right breast in his hand.  They
were REAL soft.  The smooth texture made Tenchi errection almost painfully
hard now.
        "Touch me more." Mihoshi whispered, her eyes pleading.  Tenchi nodded and
brought his other hand to her other breast.  Experimentally, he squeezed the
soft orbs.  That got a moan out of Mihoshi.  Tenchi could feel her already
semi stiff nipples harden to full pertness under his palms.  He squeezed
again, his thumbs brushing over the sensitive skin.  Mihoshi gasped and her
back lept off the bed a little.  Tenchi pushed her back down again as he
laid on top of her.  He brought his mouth over her chest then lowered it to
her left nipple.  He took into his mouth and gave it a gentle suck.  Mihoshi
whimpered at the feeling and hugged Tenchi's head into her breast.  He
opened his mouth wider and sucked in more of her soft chocolate flesh is
tongue raking across her hard nipple.  Mihoshi jerked and gasped in delight
so Tenchi sucked more, licking her quickly.  She moaned this time and
started to pant.  Tenchi then thought it was time to switch to her other
breast and did so, giving it the same loving attention as the other.
Mihoshi bucked around on his bed slightly moaning louder now.
        "...feels... so good...  Tenchi....." she panted out.
        'Oh man!  I have to do something about this errection!  It hurts!' he
thought.  As if sensing his need Mihoshi rolled over so Tenchi was now on
his back.  She sat up on her knees a second so she could fling her dress
shirt to the ground leaving now in her skin tight dress slacks.  She knee
walked down a ways smiling at Tenchi who had that cute confused look on his
face.  She grabbed the elastic of his shorts and tugged them down past his
penis which sprung straight up.  Tenchi sighed happily as his confined
errection was freed.
        "Oh my..." Mihoshi whispered, staring at the large throbbing penis.  Tenchi
blushed at that, not knowing if her words were good or bad.  He didn't care
when he felt her warm mouth wrap around his length, her lips sliding all the
way down to the base.  He groaned loudly.  He had never felt anything like
that before.  It was unreal.  It made his head swim.  Twice as bad as her
soft lips slide back up his length slowly.
        "Mihoshi... ooooo yeah." He said.  He didn't know what else to say.  He
didn't really care as she started to slide up and down him over and over
again now in a steady pace.  He found himself lifting his hips up everytime
she came down.  This was wonferful.  This was a feeling he never wanted to
end but he could feel that end coming fast.  There was a build up of
pressure in his crown and he knew what it was.
        "Oh Mihoshi!  You're going to make me..." he gasped.  At those words
Mihoshi sped up more.  Her lips were pressed very tightly against his shaft,
her tongue washing over the hardness.  The sensation was numbing.  Tenchi
found himself panting uncontrolably now, his hips rocking on the bed and
with a final loud groan he filled Mihoshi's warm mouth with his virgin white
creame.  Most of it spilled out of his mouth back down his rod but Mihoshi
cleaned it off as she continued to suck on him until he gave no more.  Once
done, she crawled back up and laid on him and he wrapped his arms around her.
        "Mihoshi...." he gasped, kissing her forehead.  Once he caught his breath
and rolled her on to her back and slide out of the hug.  He unbutton her
pants and zipped down the zipper.  With her help he had them off in a few
seconds.  Baring his way now was a pair of soft pink ruffle decorated
panties.  He grabbed this and yanked them down and then he stared stunned.
He has caught glimpses of it before from Ryouko but he had always looked
away.  Now he found that he could not take his eyes off the blonde furred
soft pink petals of Mihoshi's sex.  He could tell she was already moist from
excitement and as he stared at the heavenly sight he found his own arousal
returning to full strength.  Without another moment of hesitation he placed
his arms to either side of her torso for support and positioned himself
against her opening.  With a solid hard thrust Tenchi buried his love deep
into Mihoshi.  Forget the blow job!  This felt 20 times more thrilling than
that.  She was so soft, warm, wet.  It was mind blowing.  The sexy cry of
pleasure that erupted from Mihsohi as he penetrated her soul touched
Tenchi's animal side and he started to pump into her fast and hard, groaning
with each slippery thrust.  Mihoshi was panting, moaning, whimpering all at
once as Tenchi made love to her.  She gazed at him with her eyes, filled
with tears.  Tenchi stared back, his eyes locked on hers as he continued to
pound into her.
        "More..." she gasped out.  Tenchi went faster, harder, his groin slapping
against hers.  He leaned down and kissed her passionately, not stoppping his
mad lustful pace.  She kissed back with great eagnerness for a moment before
having to break the kiss to let out a squeal of delight.
        "Oh!  Tenchi!" she cried.
        Now THIS was a way strange feeling.  Tenchi could feel Mihoshi's inner
muscles strangle his manhood making it harder to push into her but the
pleasure was increased ten fold and Tenchi let her know it with a loud moan.
Then he felt fluid rushing all around his member and Mihoshi started to jerk
violent and moan loudly.  Dangerously loud!  Tenchi clamped his mouth over
hers so she could carry out her cries of orgasm in his mouth.  She hugged
him tight as he rode her orgasm.  She finally relaxed and spread her legs
wider to the sides.  She played with Tenchi's pony-tail and pulled his
forehead to hers, staring into his eyes.
        "Come on Tenchi...  I can feel you... I know you are ready..." she
whispered to him.  He kissed her again and drove into her more.  Indeed she
was right.  Tenchi could feel that build up of pressure, only more intense
this time.  He drove into her faster now.
        "Mihoshi.  I love you." He panted out.  She hugged him close and moaned again.
        This was it.  It was all over for Tenchi.  With a few more quick hard
thrusts he lost control and he shot his seed into her with a loud cry.  She
cried out too at the wonderful feeling.  He collapsed on to her and she kept
hugging him, kissing his cheek.  She was sleepy now.  She shouldn't have
gone to bed so late in the first place but then she didn't know they would
call her back to HQ.  With a smile on her face that would be there for days
to come she dozed off.  Tenchi felt drained too and soon fell asleep laying
atop the police officer.

        At around 9 a.m. Ryouko's scream echoed through the house.

                        THE END