Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, blah, blah, blah!!!

Note: I am F.T.W. the infamous writer of The Jynx Saga and all related fics.
Also I am Blut Und Rissen, I have no intention of finishing that series.
Also one thing. Mr. Sinister (the author) is a bitch. He whines about MST's
which is pretty damn annoying. And now for the fic. I thought a change of
name would be nice. I also write under the name C.3.3. but I don't think any
of his fics were ever posted. Now, time for a Kiyone and Mihoshi lemon.
There's not enough of em!

Red Rose Drops Pt-2: The Conflict Of The Gods
_________________________________________

The door slowly swung open and a tall, thin man entered the house without a
word. He was dressed in black and red. Very normal clothes. A baggy red
t-shirt, black cloak, baggy black pants and a black western style hat. The
cloak covered his arms completely with few exceptions. One sleeve was
completely torn away and his hands were wrapped in black leather gloves. His
boots came just under his knees and glistened in the sun. Where the cloak
sleeve was supposed to be was a cloud of swirling black mist. Upstairs
Kiyone and Mihoshi scrambled for there cloths. When they were fully dressed
they went for their guns and slowly crept downstairs. When they saw the man
pacing about mindlessly they poised their guns at his head.

Kiyone: "Hey! Who Are You?!"

???: "Where are Washu and Tsunami?"

Kiyone: "Answer Me! Who Are You!?"

The man looked in her direction and shook his head slowly.

???: "You people are hopeless."

Without another word the man continued to pace. Reacting on instinct Kiyone
and Mihoshi unleashed several rounds into the mans chest. However he seemed
relatively un phased. Kiyone reloaded her blaster and prepared for another
shot, but before she could a short, black haired girl flew in through the
ceiling and tossed a small bomb at the man. He motioned with his hand and
the bomb evaporated into the air.

???: "Get out of here quick! Take Tsunami and Washu with you!"

???: "Skuld you never cease to impress me. Did you come all this way by
yourself? To save your mommy? Sorry but it doesn't look like that's gonna
happen."

Skuld: "People like you should be struck down where they stand! I hate you!
Just wait until Urd and Belldandy get here! They'll fix you Decrow!"

Decrow: "We'll see. Tell me Skuld have you ever seen this trick? It's one of
a kind and few see it and live."

With that the cloak opened up and a large crow began to plow through
Decrow's stomach and shot quickly and violently at Skuld. She screamed and
ducked. The bird splattered against the wall. Meanwhile Kiyone and Mihoshi
were banging as loud as they could on Washu's door. The small pathway opened
up and the detectives slipped in. Back at the staircase Skuld continued her
barrage of attacks. One bomb fell to the floor, exploding and engulfing
Decrow's gloved hand in flames. The leather melted away in a puddle on the
floor. Out of the ceiling the remaining Earth bound goddess's flew through
the ceiling.

Decrow: "How nice....oh well...."

The mysterious man pointed his finger at Skuld. He gave a sinister laugh and
fired a small, thin needle at Skuld, it whizzed past her head and stuck to
the wall.

Decrow: "Just give up Skuld! And as for you two, you have no business
interfering! This is our race!"

Urd: "You'll never learn will you? You've rivaled Skuld for as long as she's
been able to speak. She's so much younger than you it's sad. You should at
least rival me. I'm closer to your age."

The man smiled under his hat. And put his hand in his pocket.

Decrow: "I'm not quite that young Urd but thank you anyway."

Urd smiled in her own playful way.

Decrow: "But if you don't mind....I'll be off now. I've found Washu and
Tsunami. This race is mine Skuld."

The man bowed deeply and disappeared in a cloud of smoke. Only a minute
later he walked out of Washu's lab with Washu tossed over his shoulder,
unconscious. He dropped her off on the living room couch and sat down.

Decrow: "We'll call this one a draw Skuld. Tsunami's upstairs."

Skuld ran upstairs and checked every room one by one until she found Sasami
sprawled across Kiyone and Mihoshi's bed. She was taken completely off
guard.

Skuld: "AHHHH! BELLDANDY!"

The Devine goddess flew off to check on her sister, Urd however went to join
Decrow on the couch. Without a word she flipped on the TV.

Urd: "So....what do ya think Skuld's screaming about now?"

Decrow: "HAHAHAHAHA! I knew what was going on before Skuld got here. Let's
just say Tsunami was busy with some of her house mates."

Urd: "Oh I see."

Decrow: "Besides you're right. It's pointless to rival Skuld. I should
concentrate more on you."

Decrow turned his head to face Urd. She mad a small smirk on her face and
slapped him on the back.

Urd: "That's the spirit. So let's get out of here and have some fun huh?"

Urd wrapped her arms around Decrow from behind until he stood up.

Decrow: "Maybe later. I'm kinda busy. I still need to get all this done. We,
by which I mean Skuld and I need to take Washu and Tsunami back to the
heavens for trial. But I'm thinking of letting Tsunami go for now. She was
clever and assimilated with a child. Makes it harder to try her."

Urd: "Just let Skuld handle it."

Decrow: "Might as well. I have other....things to do anyway."

Urd: "Like what?"

Without a word Decrow spun around and locked his lips down on Urd's. The
goddess closed her eyes tight in concentration. They let their hand(s) roam
about each other's bodys. When they parted Urd was looking deep into
Decrow's eyes and he was doing the same.

Skuld: "AW SAVE IT WON'T YA!! C'MON DECROW WE GOT WORK TO DO!"

The two quickly separated and glared at Skuld.

Urd: "Take care of it yourself, we're busy right now."

Skuld clenched her fists at her side and began to growl a little under her
breath.

Skuld: "YOU JERK DECROW GET AWAY FROM MY SISTER! WE GOT WORK TO DO, LET'S
GO!!"

The man sighed deeply and shrugged.

Decrow: "Guess I might as well. It wouldn't be fair to ask you to do it by
yourself."

The group disappeared with Tsunami/Sasami and Washu into thin air.

A few hours later Ayeka, Tenchi and Yosho returned home from the store to
find the house destroyed. After panicking and searching the house a few
times over they discovered that Sasami and Washu were gone. They also found
Mihoshi and Kiyone knocked out in the lab. When they came too they were met
with heavy controversy.

Ayeka: "Where is Sasami!"

Mihoshi: "This guy with a foggy arm and cowboy hat came and took her and
Washu! But he was met with a little girl that was throwing bombs at him
and..."

Ayeka: "I didn't ask you Mihoshi! Kiyone what really happened?"

Kiyone: "It's true."

Yosho paced about the room.

Ayeka: "That's ridiculous!"

Yosho: "Maybe not Ayeka. There is a man with a black fog hand. His name is
Decrow. He is a god along side Tsunami."

Tenchi: "But aren't there only the 3 goddesses Tokimi, Tsunami and Washu?"

Yosho: "On Jurai yes. Decrow is a god of Earth. The God of shadows. The
little girl. Did she have long black hair and a large hammer?"

Kiyone: "Yeah. Who's she?"

Yosho: "Skuld. The goddess of the future. She's basically a more innocent
goddess. She was probably fighting with Decrow."

Ayeka was shivering in rage and frustration. Her face was turning red and
her eyes were starting to water.

Ayeka: "WHO CARES?! HOW DO WE GET SASAMI BACK?!"

Yosho: "I don't know. I don't think we can. We must trust that Washu and
Sasami can get back by themselves."

In the heavens Decrow, Urd, Belldandy and Skuld were waiting for Washu to
wake up. Tsunami was sitting on a small couch with the goddesses, checking
on her daughters. Decrow however was just standing still watching Washu.
When she finally came to her face quickly went from daze to disgust.

Washu: "Oh no....what are you doing here Decrow? Hmm...what am I doing
here?"

Belldandy: "I can answer that. You and Mother are to stand trial before the
gods for improper use of your powers."

Washu: "Like?"

Belldandy: "Using them to gain the love of an Earthbound human. Using your
powers to fight Tokimi."

Tsunami: "Then why isn't Tokimi here?"

Decrow: "Easy answer. I killed her. Can't imagine how she gave you so much
trouble."

Washu was starting to grow impatient with Decrows arrogance.

Washu: "Just Shut Your Mouth! You Think You're So Powerful! You're Just A
Punk!"

Decrow tossed his cloak aside. It vanished as it floated away. The black
mist also vanished and revealed pure bone. The bones of Decrow's arm however
were dripping with a hot tar. The blackened fingers moved only a little.

Decrow: "Wanna see what a punk can do?"

Washu: "Don't test me kid!"

With that Decrow quickly rushed at Washu and grabbed her neck. The goddess
screamed as the hot tar burned her pale neck. Decrow laughed as he lifted
her into the air and threw her into a wall. Tears began to fall from Washu's
eyes. The shadow god began to advance on Washu but was quickly met with a
powerful blast to his spine. He fell to the ground with smoke spewing from
his back. He started to crawl back to his feet but was hit with a barrage of
blasts and bombs from Belldandy and Skuld until he fell unconscious. Washu
was still laying on the ground. By the time she got back to her feet Decrows
hand turned back to fog.

Later at the trial Tsunami, Washu and now Decrow stood for improper use of
their powers.

???: "Tsunami, Washu and Decrow. You know your charges. How do you plea?"

Tsunami/Washu/Decrow: "Innocent."

???: "Decrow, your statement of defense please."

Decrow: "Um...I'm evil...it's my job...I'm instructed to kill things."

???: "Point well made. Innocent. Charges dropped."

Decrow shrugged and joined Urd, Belldandy and Skuld in the stand. When he
sat down they all stared at him, dumbfounded by the quick trial.

???: Tsunami, your statement of defense please."

Tsunami: "I have used my powers to fight Tokimi, this is true. However it
was in self defense. She has slowly but surly been attempting to put a
stranglehold on Jurai."

???: "Agreed. Innocent. Charges dropped. Washu your satement please."

Washu: "Um....I love him."

???: "Is that it? Guilty. You are sentenced to 30,000 years of imprisonment
in a class 12 body."

Belldandy: "Excuse me. But if she loves someone shouldn't she be free to do
all that she can to keep that love?"

Belldandy stood in front of the group of gods and goddess's pleading for
Washu's freedom. She had perfect composure as always. Her hands clasped in
front of her doing everything she could without begging.

Belldandy: "I believe that love can conquer all. Even if magic is needed."

???: "This is a serious matter. Since you and your sisters enjoy fighting so
much you may fight for your freedom. Who do you choose to battle?"

Washu rubbed her hand over her neck and squinted her eyes.

Washu: "Anyone?"

???: "As long as they accept."

Washu: "Decrow."

Decrow: "Fine with me."

???: "Good. Any questions?"

Washu: "I want to make this an angel battle."

Decrow: "I don't have an angel. It's dead. I killed it."

???: "Why? Approach."

Decrow did as he was told. He slowly strutted to the open space to explain
his actions.

Decrow: "You see...unlike the devine Belldandy, adorable Skuld
or...tantalizing Urd I can not fire blasts, I can not summon an angel. I
killed mine in exchange for another. But it hardly counts as an angel."

???: "You have done many strange things to yourself that are not generally
done. Summon your...creature."

Decrow blinked and a large flying monkey sprouted. The mysterious over seer
(c-er) watched in amusement.

???: "And your arm? I believe you did that to yourself."

Decrow: "Yes. I sacrificed my arm for a shape shifting power."

???: Very well. I am forbidding your monkey thing from the fight but
allowing Washu's angel. Interference is allowed however they must enter the
arena. You have 2 hours to prepare."

The scene disbanded. As they left Decrow and Washu had a few choice words
between them. In Washu's ready room she recieved a vary of prep talks from
the Earth goddess's.

Skuld: "What are you going to do Aunt Washu?"

Washu: "Win of course. Skuld you underestimate me. After all, not only am I
a powerful goddess but I'm also a genius."

Urd: "Yeah well he whipped ya pretty good a little while ago."

Washu jumped from her hover pillow and got right into Urd's face.

Washu: "I never make the same mistake twice. I wasn't expecting him to have
such weird techniques."

Urd: "Sor-ry. My money's still on Decrow. Well I'm gonna be going now. Good
luck Aunt Washu."

Urd walked out the door leaving Washu alone with Belldandy. Skuld was still
there but was busy talking with Tsunami.

Skuld: "Mom, when we picked you up why were you...naked?"

Tsunami: "Um...well the little girl I assimilated....isn't quite
right....um...she prefers....women."

Belldandy: "Mom she doesn't need to know about that sort of stuff yet."

Tsunami leaned in close to Belldandy's ear.

Tsunami: "Well do you remember the first time you kissed another women?"

Belldandy: "That was different! She was giving me medicine that I refused to
take." (See the Ah! My Goddess Movie. Actual scene.)

Belldandy's face was turning red.

Skuld: "What? Belldandy who'd you kiss?"

Belldandy: ".......I was feeling bad this one time. I was very depressed.
Urd had a medicine that would make me feel better but I didn't want to take
it. So she put some in her mouth, kissed me and basically force fed me the
medicine."

Skulk: "EWWWW!!! URD SPIT IN YOUR MOUTH!!?? GROSS!"

Tsunami: "Do you know where your sister went?"

Skuld was still in mortal shock of what she had just heard. Washu was trying
to snap her out of her trance.

Belldandy: "Probablly going to see Decrow."

Tsunami left the room to find Urd for a mother/daughter talk.

Skuld: "Um....Belldandy....that's all that happened between you and Urd
right?"

Belldandy: "Um.....well....I...."

Skuld: "BELLDANDY!!! What about Keiichi?"

Belldandy: "It was before that."

Washu: "Do tell."

Tsunami went room to room looking for Urd. When she finally did find her she
was in Decrow's room with her shirt pulled down and Decrow sucking on her
breasts. Urd was moaning in pleasure and didn't even notice Tsunami in the
room. Not wanting to miss a thing Tsunami quickly hid herself. Decrow was
still busy working on Urd, he moved her onto the couch in his ready room and
spread her legs a little. He began to lick the inside of her thighs and the
outer rims of her nether lips. She began to moan louder and clenched her
teeth from the feeling. By now Urd had to be held up, her back was becoming
limp and she was always ready to fall back if it were not for Decrow holding
her back. With what power she could muster she put her hands on the back of
Decrow's head and pushed in as hard as she could to increase her pleasure.
By now the moans were growing very loud and could be heard throughout the
halls.

Skuld/Washu/Belldandy: "URD!!"

The moment was quickly lost. Decrow gathered himself and stood up in
composure. Urd just covered herself up with her hand.

Urd: "What do you people want? I'm busy now."

Skuld ran away as fast as she could. The story about Urd and Belldandy was
gross enough but then to see her sister in the act was almost too much to
stomach. Belldandy quickly went to chase after Skuld and Washu just stood
there shaking her head.

Washu: "It had to be today didn't it?"

Urd: "It's really none of your business. Besides we are adults we can make
our own decisions."

Washu: "So does this mean I'll have to watch for you?"

Urd: "No, I'm not going to the match. I already know how it will end."

Decrow: "Well let's go finish this."

Washu: "Sure you got the energy?"

Decrow: "I'll manage. See ya later Urd."

After a quick but deep kiss Decrow and Washu left. As expected the arena was
empty except for Belldandy, Skuld and Tsunami. Decrow and Washu looked over
the field and they both smiled.

Decrow: "You really got the advantage here Washu. You have Belldandy and
Skuld on your side and I won't kill them."

Washu: "Getting second thoughts?"

Decrow: "You wish. No goddess can defeat a pure demon. Let's finish it."

Washu and Decrow took there places. A loud horn was heard and Decrow and
Washu rushed at each other. Decrow had changed his "arm" into a large blade
and Washu drew her beam blade. They swung viciously at one another until
they became exhausted.

Washu: "Here's a trick I never taught you."

Washu summoned her holo-screen and conjured up a hoard of tiny mechanical
crabs to attack Decrow.

Decrow: "Clever. But not clever enough."

The arm converted itself into a larger hammer and one by one the crabs were
crushed. Before another word was said Decrow pointed at Washu's knee and a
small needle flew through it. Followed by another and another until a good
40-50 needles were piercing her bones. Washu dropped to a knee and squeezed
her eyes tight in pain. Decrow slowly crept over to the wounded goddess and
opened his jacket. A large crow shot out tearing Washu's knee clean off.
With a sharp scream Washu passed out. However this fight was to the death.
Keeping this in mind Belldandy and Skuld rushed to aide Washu. They stood in
front of the body ready to battle.

Decrow: "Step away."

Skuld: "No."

Belldandy: "We will not allow you to kill Washu."

Decrow: "So I'd have to go through you?"

Skuld: "Yeah! You have to kill us first."

Decrow's arm faded into a large hooked blade. He stared coldly at Belldandy
and then focused on Skuld.

Decrow: "I see...."

A small dark wave left Decrow's hand and Washu's leg re-attached.

Decrow: "This fight is to the death. You know this right?"

Skuld: "Yes...."

Belldandy: "Understood."

Decrow: "Well.....I can't kill you. Don't have the heart for it. I'm sure
you both know I love Urd.....tell her that for me."

Belldandy tried to speak but before she could Decrow brought the hook down
into his stomach and fell to his knees and then to his stomach. A black
liquid covered the floor then. Skuld and Belldandy rushed over to Decrow's
body.

Skuld: "No......why....why didn't you fight? I would've moved if I knew it
would come to this."

Barely holding onto life Decrow removed his hat and placed it onto Skuld's
head and smiled.

Decrow: "Keep a hold of this for me, ok Skuld?"

Skuld: "Hold on, we'll get you to the medical center."

Decrow: "They won't help. Besides I don't want it....just tell Urd. And
Belldandy...."

Decrow whispered into Belldandy's ear and then slipped into death. The
sisters walked away, one unchanged and one with a heavy heart. They didn't
wait to congratulate Washu or look her way. They went straight to Urd to
tell her the news. When she heard she only laughed much to Skuld's dismay.

Skuld: "What's so funny! He loved you Urd! Now he's dead and you don't even
care!"

Before she could say another word Decrow walked through the door and sat
down next to Urd on a couch. Skuld just froze in shock as Belldandy giggled
into her hand.

Skuld: "Huh.....how....?"

Decrow: "It's an old trick Skuld. Demons can't kill themselves so when we
get in real trouble like that we play opossum."

Skuld hopped a little and clenched her fists.

Skuld: "YOU JERK! I WAS WORRIED!"

Decrow: "Well thanks. I appreciate that. But we gatta get Tsunami and Washu
back to Earth ok?"

Skuld: "Yeah I suppose. Want you're hat back?"

Decrow: "Naw, you can hang onto it if ya want, looks better on you anyway."

The group returned to Earth with the goddesses Tsunami and Washu safely. As
mysteriously as they came they were gone.

-End PT 2-

-Preview Of PT -
Decrow goes missing. Skuld and Sasami "hang out" and Belldandy rethinks her
past with Urd.
