Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, blah, blah, blah!!!

Note: I am F.T.W. the infamous writer of The Jynx Saga and all related fics.
Also I am Blut Und Rissen, I have no intention of finishing that series.
Also one thing. Mr. Sinister (the author) is a bitch. He whines about MST's
which is pretty damn annoying. And now for the fic. I thought a change of
name would be nice. I also write under the name C.3.3. but I don't think any
of his fics were ever posted. Now, time for a Kiyone and Mihoshi lemon.
There's not enough of em! Also I want to take a moment if I may to share
something with everyone. Every night for I don't know how long I've been
staying up every night staring at the ceiling worrying about death. I think
I figured out the secret to beating this ultimate fear.

Death Is Like An Animal. When You Fear It, It Comes Faster. If You Live
Everyday To It's Fullest The Animal Is Slowed Down.

Thank You.

Red Rose Drops
______________

Mihoshi: "Kiyone! Let's go play in the snow! It's so soft and fluffy!"

Kiyone: "And cold! No way Mihoshi!"

Mihoshi: "Aaawwwww......."

Kiyone: "Why don't you see if Sasami will play with you?"

Mihoshi: "She's busy cleaning."

Kiyone: "Which is exactly what you should be doing."

Mihoshi's shoulders slumped low. She and Kiyone finally got some time off
and Kiyone wouldn't even leave the room. Without anything else to do Mihoshi
started to pace across the room while Kiyone lay on her bed reading a book.
Eventually, after about 12 minutes Mihoshi began to get an idea, a
rather....risque idea. She sat down on the edge of the bed and began to
unbutton her shirt top. As it slid off Kiyone lowered her book to watch her
partner.

Kiyone: "You know Mihoshi...I know what you're trying to do...it's kinda
pointless and childish."

Mihoshi turned around slowly and began to tear up.

Kiyone: "I mean, c'mon. We've been dating for 2 years and you don't think I
can tell when your horny?"

Kiyone put her book aside and began to tiger crawl over to Mihoshi. She
began to kiss Mihoshi's neck from behind slowly and started to go up. She
put her hands on the sides of Mihoshi's shoulders and began to move
backwards until she was able to pull Mihoshi to her back and had access to
her lips and breasts. When the blonde detective was settled her partner gave
her a deep kiss on the lips and repositioned herself over the women's body.
Kiyone straddled her partner and began to undress herself. She slowly pulled
her white sweater over her head and let it fall to the floor next to
Mihoshi's. She then slid her pants off and tossed them to the side as well.
Now in only her bra and panties she sat staring at her partner lovingly,
admiring her body. Mihoshi looked up nervously. She quickly undid her bra
and tossed it to the side. Kiyone giggled slightly. Mihoshi was behaving as
if this as there first time together. Mihoshi's breath became more labored.
Kiyone, being the kind! person that she is bent over low to kiss Mihoshi's
neck again. As she did she began to move downward, planting gentle kisses
every-so-often until she reached the Collarbone. When she reached this she
began to nibble softly causing soft moans from her partner.

Mihoshi: "Oh.....oh Kiyone....don't stop....please..."

As Mihoshi went on in her usual way Kiyone moved down further, continuing to
kiss Mihoshi's body until she reached the waist. When she felt the kissing
stop Mihoshi quickly looked down.

Mihoshi: "Kiyone what's wrong? Why'd you stop?"

Kiyone: "Your pants are still on....just lay back Mihoshi...I'll take care
of it."

Making good on her promise Kiyone began to undo Mihoshi's britches and
tossed them with the pile on the side. She quickly realized that Mihoshi
wasn't wearing any panties as usual. Taking advantage of the situation
Kiyone quickly shoved her tongue into Mihoshi's tender pussy as hard as she
could and began to go to work. The faster Kiyone moved the faster Mihoshi's
breathing became. Eventually Kiyone pulled her mouth away and inserted her
index and middle finger. As she moved back and forth inside of Mihoshi, the
tanned women began to shout very loudly with pleasure. With her free hand
Kiyone began to kneed her own cunt under her panties and began to shout as
well.  Downstairs in the kitchen Sasami heard the shouts. Deciding it best
to ignore she continued her chores with Ryo-ohki by her side.

Sasami: "I guess Kiyone and Mihoshi are at it again. They never seem to pick
a convenient time. They're gonna bring attention to themselves and get in
trouble....hmmm....Ryo-ohki I'm gonna go bust up the act before someone else
does. It's for their own good."

Or so she said. Like any person Sasami had an ulterior motive for busting in
on the detectives. Recently Sasami had been noticing her body going through
some changes. Her breasts were growing larger and a small patch of hair of
appearing above her nether regions. She had also been noticing the other
girls. Especially Mihoshi and Kiyone. She'd been noticing that when they
were together in the baths she would feel a little funny inside and then
would have to leave whenever they touched each other even if it was in an
innocent way. She also knew how Mihoshi and Kiyone were involved with each
other. She knew the others weren't that way so this was her big chance. She
slowly made her way upstairs, knowing she was safe. Everyone else with the
exception of Washu was out at the store getting groceries. She simply told
Ryo-ohki they'd bother the others to hide her motive. She held her breath
and quickly opened the door to see Kiyone and Mihoshi completely naked,
necking each othe! r furiously on the bed. She cleared her throat rather
loudly which caused, as Sasami planned, Mihoshi and Kiyone to stop dead in
their tracks.

Kiyone: "Um.....um.....um...."

Mihoshi: "Hi Sasami! Did you finish cleaning already?"

Kiyone let out a sigh as a result of her partners statement. Sasami just
walked in without saying a word and closed the door behind her.

Sasami: "You know...it's not a very good thing for two officers to be having
same sex relations in the Galaxy Police. You two could be in a lot of
trouble."

Kiyone quickly jumped off the bed and placed her hands on Sasami's
shoulders.

Kiyone: "Please Sasami, don't tell anyone about this....please."

Sasami looked into Kiyone's eyes for only a moment. Kiyone sunk into a bow.

Sasami: "I have to. It's my duty as a princess and representative of Jurai
to report any problems with the Galaxy Police in this area."

Kiyone's eyes filled with tears. She knew her career was over. Mihoshi just
sat on the edge of the bed watching. Sasami however pulled Kiyone's face
close and acted as if she was going to whisper into her ear. Instead she
kissed the detective on the lips and began to insert her tongue and move it
around, searching Kiyone's mouth. The blue haired detective's eyes shot open
at the contact. She began to push Sasami away but was met with resistance.
When Sasami finally broke her hold she looked lovingly into Kiyone's eyes
with a slight shade of pink blush on her face.

Sasami: "I won't tell anyone....just don't turn me away now Kiyone...let me
do this one thing with you and Mihoshi...and I won't tell anyone I promise."

Kiyone looked to Mihoshi for advise.

Mihoshi: "Oh Sasami....of course! Come here!"

Sasami ran over to Mihoshi and leaped into her outstretched arms. She began
to quickly take off her clothes but left on her little cotton socks. When
she was fully undressed she sat in Mihoshi's lap. Kiyone just stood in
amazement. That's all she could do. Mihoshi and Sasami began kissing
quickly. As they did so Mihoshi touched Sasami's neck with her finger tips
and slowly moved them down to her small breasts. Sasami moaned into
Mihoshi's mouth as the waves of electric pleasure passed through her body.
Again Mihoshi began to move her hand lower until she felt a small bit of
hair. Sasami broke the kiss and looked down at her pussy and Mihoshi's
fingertips standing just above it. Without warning Mihoshi stuck just one
finger in. Sasami's mouth opened wide as a reaction. Mihoshi began to move
her finger in and out of the princess. She out her free hand on Sasami's
back and began to lower her on the bed. Eventually after only a few moments
Sasami's screamed as loud as she co! uld as she came on Mihoshi's hand.
Sasami's eyes fluttered and she quickly fell asleep in Mihoshi's arms.

Kiyone: "Well that was easy enough."

Mihoshi: "Yeah...but it was fun....I'm sorry Kiyone...I'm a little tired
now...I think I'll just go to sleep with Sasami."

With that Mihoshi too drifted away into sleep. Kiyone shook her head and
began to rub her own pussy as she looked down at Sasami.

Kiyone: "Great, well I'm left out I guess."

Outside a soft creak was heard. The sound of a door opening.

The End For Now

Next Fiction-A New Character With Ties To Both Washu And Sasami Makes The
Scene In Red Rose Drops PT 2.
