Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, blah, blah, blah!!!

Red Rose Drops PT4- The Battle Of Eternity
_____________________________________

Tokimi laughed as she watched the group stare on with fear. The goddess
looked up at the menacing figure. Tokimi was strong, no one, Demon or
Goddess has ever defeated her in battle and few even have the nerve to
challenge her will.

Tokimi: "Belldandy....I'm disappointed in you. I thought you of all people
would be smarter than to accept a...filthy...disgusting demon . They're not
fit to be around our kind."

Belldandy: "Everyone deserves a chance."

Tokimi: "Belldandy your heart will someday be your downfall. And you
Urd....I'm not too surprised with you. You always were...free spirited....I
didn't really expect you to amount to much being a half breed and all. And
you Skuld....I'm actually at a loss for words. Here we all thought you were
a genius but then again I guess we were wrong."

The group stood their ground, their rage growing from Tokimi's poison
tongue. Skuld was the first to prepare and fight. She quickly unleashed her
angel and tossed a few bombs Tokimi's way. They collided with her but seemed
to have no effect.

Tokimi: "Good Skuld....but now I will bring you all to your potentials. All
of you. Demon...you are a pain to my eyes, leave at once."

Decrow: "Bite me!"

Tokimi: "Run Demon. Run away before you get hurt. Why die saving your
enemies? All Demons are sworn enemies to the goddess system. I sense that
you are no exception."

Belldandy: "He has a heart now!"

Without a word Tokimi sent a powerful blast to Belldandy and Decrow sending
them flying back.

Tokimi: "Last chance Demon. Run. Run like the others."

Decrow: "I won't run. I will fight to protect my family."

Tokimi: "Very we-"

Before she finished her sentence Urd sent a powerful shot to the side of her
neck in hopes of killing her quickly. Although the shot did do some amount
of damage it wasn't enough to even knock her out. She swung her hand and
punched Urd straight in the forehead. Urd battled back with a fury of
punches, kicks and shots. Meanwhile Skuld tossed bombs at Tokimi's legs
trying to knock her down. Belldandy lay on the ground unconscious. Decrow
delivered his own attacks turning his arm into a gatling gun and firing pins
as fast as he could. While bullets and blasts filled the sky Decrow's flock
of birds swarmed around Tokimi's eyes trying to create a screen. Eventually
the battle paid off. Tokimi fell to her knees and then to all fours. Urd
continued her barrage of attacks as Skuld and Decrow checked on Belldandy's
condition. A sharp scream was heard as Tokimi popped up and grasped onto
Urd's throat and powered a blast to Urd's stomach. The shot would surly kill
her. But Tokimi was smarter than that. She held the shot in her hand waiting
for her plan to unfold.

Tokimi: "Demon! I have a deal for you....."

Decrow and Skuld looked up to see the situation.

Tokimi: "Accept death....and Urd lives. Just come forward and I'll let her
go."

Decrow: ".........what guarantee do I have that you won't kill us both?"

Tokimi: "I have no reason to kill Urd. You're the one I want dead."

Decrow: ".......agreed."

Urd: "....*no*.....*don't*..."

Decrow stepped forward slowly. As he did before he tossed his hat to Skuld
and moved into Tokimi's reach. She quickly stabbed his in the stomach with a
long sword and dropped Urd. As soon as the blade was taken from his stomach
Tokimi disappeared. Decrow fell to the ground sharply, his blood drained
onto the floor as he felt life swim away from him. Urd gathered his head in
her arms and began to fill with sorrow.

Decrow: "We were wrong Urd. It wasn't Skuld."

Urd: ".....you're not going to die. Not like this. You'll be fine."

Decrow: "....liar....but thank you Urd. Thank you for making my life worth
living.....good...bye."

Decrow slipped into death with the same great ease that everyone and
everything does. Urd began to cry for maybe the third time in her life. She
sat the body and began to turn around, her clothes stained with blood. Skuld
watched in horror. She didn't know what to do or say. Urd passed by and
picked up the still unconscious Belldandy, her eyes were stuck forward.

Urd: "Let's go Skuld....let's go home."

Before she stepped in the house a thick cloud circled the sky. A transparent
cylinder beam came down on Decrow and he began to float upward. Urd squinted
her eyes as the body was carried away.

Skuld: "What's happening Urd?"

Urd: "I don't know. Let's go find out."

???: "Decrow. We have granted you a second chance at life. You've found a
heart and seem ready to repent. So it is with that of mind that you will now
be under the strict code of the goddess system. You have been assigned an
angel to protect you. You will be given wings since you can not fly on your
own. You are also being assigned to be a body guard. Your job is to protect
the 3 goddess's of Earth. If you do not except these terms you will be, once
again killed. Do you accept?"

The trial was made public and mandatory that all goddess witness it. It was
meant as a means of teaching that everything can change. Sometimes very
easily. If a demon could change so easily then it would prove without a
doubt the superiority of the goddess system. The room was silent as Decrow
weighed out his options. Death, or act as a body guard for Urd and her
sisters. The eyes of all the goddess's were frozen, including Urd, Skuld and
Belldandy's.

Decrow: "....no....I do not."

An expression of snickers arose from the audience. Some commented "just like
a demon.", others were stuck in disbelief.

???: "And why not?"

Decrow: "You must not of thought things through. Belldandy was hurt because
Tokimi was after me. Chances are I'd only be more of a burden than a
blessing. So in order to protect them I will decline."

???: "......very wise.....however we can not accept that. I have before me a
prepared statement from the Earth goddess's. We anticipated your decision
and they felt the need to abject in advance. Ahem. ‘We the Earth Goddess's
sincerely abject to the death of the demon first class, Decrow. We humbly
request that he be restored to the physical plane. Although he has had a
past covered in destruction we feel his heart is turning. He may very well
be ready to renounce his old ways.'

???: "So Decrow it is with the idea that if you have approval of a first
class goddess and two second class goddess's you should be alright. Also
with a first class demon status we feel that your powers combined should be
enough to handle most anything that may come across your path. That is of
course if they still feel this way. This note was written about 1 week ago."

Commotion flooded the once silent arena. Everyone's eyes searched for the
Earth goddess's until they stood and approached the center of the room to
join Decrow. Urd wrapped her arm around Decrow's and they all faced the
mysterious void.

Skuld: "Of course we still feel that way!"

Belldandy: "Yes, he's a part of our family."

Urd: "Wether he likes it or not."

???: "Then since we do not want to go peacefully, we here by banish you to
the planet Earth to serve the goddess's of Earth for all eternity."

Before an argument could be made the four guardians of Earth were sent back
to their home in Japan. When they got home everyone was in a state of void.

Urd: "Well, looks like you're stuck with us."

Urd tugged on Decrow's shoulder playfully.

Urd: "Let's go celebrate. I think I know where there's a bottle of sake with
our names on it."

Decrow look around at the goddess's. His head suddenly was hung low.

Decrow: "That was very foolish of you all. You have only put yourself in
danger. For what? To keep me in your family........thank you."

Skuld was almost at a loss for words. She didn't know why she stood up for
him or even enjoyed his company. Only a few weeks ago she thought she'd be
able to kill him at a moments notice. But now he was like the brother she
never had. She didn't know what to say so she simply left the room in a
rush. As always Belldandy followed her to try to see what was the matter.
Urd on the other hand was digging through the cubbord for that bottle of
sake. Outside Skuld had already managed to scramble up a tree for refuge.
Belldandy however was quick to find her.

Belldandy: "Skuld what are you doing up here?"

Skuld: "I can't stand it Belldandy....first you hook up with Keiichi. Then
Urd with Decrow..."

Belldandy reached forward and held her sister tightly.

Skuld's body shivered from the contact of her sisters body. As she usually
does Skuld broke out in tears and ran from the scene. This time however
Belldandy didn't chase her. Running to the top of the hills Skuld curled
into a ball and cried as the memories of her encounter with Sasami flooded
her mind.

<FLASHBACK!!>

Sasami moved in close and kissed Skuld deeply. The goddess resisted but not
enough to get away. When Sasami broke the kiss the looked at Skuld waiting
for a reaction.

Skuld: "Why did you do that.....?"

Sasami: "Because I like you. Besides, it feels good."

Skuld: "......"

The little goddess didn't have an answer. Her face turned a deep red. It did
feel good but she didn't want to admit it.

Sasami: "It did feel good didn't it?"

Skuld: "I....I don't know.....I guess so."

Sasami made another attempt to approach the goddess. Once again she locked
her lips down on Skuld's. This time Skuld didn't resist. Instead she put her
hands on Sasami's hips and let her do what she wanted. The two girls began
kissing each other passionately while they moved out of public view. They
eventually found a small grove in the woods and began to lay down. Sasami
sat on Skuld's stomach and began to remove her clothes while kissing her on
the neck. Skuld's breath began to become more labored with each piece of
contact. Eventually Sasami was able to get Skuld's shirt off. Like her own,
Skuld's breasts were still developing but this was only better for Sasami.
She moved her mouth down and began to lick the outer rims of Skuld's
nipples. Skuld suddenly caught her breath in her throat. She put her hands
on the back of Sasami's head as she moved. Once and awhile Sasami totally
engulfed Skuld's tit in her mouth, causing more of the electric feelings
within the girls body. Bit by bit Sasami began to move down Skuld's body
until she got to her waist. Sasami grinned and licked her lips. She took one
hand and started to remove Skuld's pants using the other to massage her
breasts. When Sasami had fully removed Skuld's trousers she began to move
her little tongue around the inside of the goddess's thighs. After a few
moments of teasing she started to flick the tip of her tongue against the
girls pussy lips. As Skuld began to moan louder and louder Sasami went
faster and faster until she inserted her tongue as far as she could. Skuld's
eyes shot open and her back arched from the feeling. She'd never felt
anything like it before in her life. After a good amount of juices began
flowing Sasami went back up to kiss Skuld deeply. This time Skuld was the
bold one. She took the sides of Sasami's face and inserted her tongue into
her mouth. While the girls kissed Sasami began moving her fingers in and out
of Skuld. By the time the kiss broke Skuld had cummed into Sasami's hand a
few times over and was feeling pretty spent. The girls laid back down on the
ground. Sasami kept her head drapped over one of Skuld's arms as the two
looked at the sky. Sasami moved her hand over Skuld's still exposed breasts
while they lay in the silent serenity.

<END FLASHBACK!!!>

Skuld's face was red as could be once again. She stood up, dried her eyes
and walked home alone.

The next day Urd was having a rather underhanded conversation with Decrow in
the living room. Keiichi and Belldandy were getting ready for another day of
school in the kitchen.

Urd: "Decrow honey, have you ever been to college?"

Decrow: "Nope. Too easy."

Urd: "Wanna do me a favor?"

Decrow: "Is it....go to college to spy on Belldandy and Keiichi?"

Urd: "Of course."

Decrow: "Fine with me. I'll get started tomorrow."

By the next day all the paper work and exams were done. As he expected
Decrow passed with flying colors. It was set up so that he'd have all of
Keiichi and Belldandy's classes. By fourth hour they figured out they were
being spied on. Decrow always made sure to sit two rows behind Belldandy and
Keiichi. By lunch they were getting sick of it. Decrow got to lunch before
them this time, no longer interested in what they were doing. Instead they
approached him.

Keiichi: "Decrow what are you doing here?"

Decrow: "Eating lunch."

Belldandy: "No what are you doing at school?"

Decrow: "Getting a higher education."

Keiichi: "Now listen here..."

Sayoko: "Morisato! Belldandy, hi there!"

Sayoko felt the need to at that moment break up the scene followed by her
gang of hopeful suitors.

Keiichi: "Hello Sayoko. How are you?"

Sayoko: "Just fine. Who's your friend?"

Keiichi: "Oh I'm sorry, this is Decrow."

Sayoko: "Well hey there cowboy. I'm Sayoko Mishima."

Decrow: "Yeah I kinda figured that."

Giving her no attention he kept at his lunch. Behind Sayoko her gang scoffed
at the sight of Decrow's rather outdated and out of style cowboy style hat.

Sayoko: "Well you're certainly rude."

Decrow: "Seems that way doesn't it?"

Guy 1: "Want me to beat him up Sayoko?"

Decrow: "Think ya can?"

Guy 1: "Yeah I do!"

Decrow slowly rose to his feet and say his hat on the table.

Decrow: "Free shot. Go for it."

The man took a half step back and swung with all his strength and hit Decrow
dead in the mouth. The man scoffed and flexed his muscle for Sayoko. His
idea was to defend her honor and at the same time show off his own talents.
Decrow watched and began to break out in laughter.

Decrow: "You....you humans....so pathetic! This is how you do it!"

Decrow followed the mans actions but stead twisted away from the punch in
order to deliver what could of been called a tornado back hand to the nose.
The loud sound of bone smashing echoed through the room followed by the
sound of the man hitting the ground.

Decrow: "Anyone else?.....didn't think so."

Without another sound Decrow grabbed his hat and walked out of the room.

Belldandy: ".....Decrow....."

Keiichi: "He'll never learn will he?"

Belldandy: "Doesn't look like it."

Sayoko: "....wow....Belldandy, tell me about that guy."

Knowing that Belldandy would tell stuff about warring against heaven and
everything he decided to step in.

Keiichi: "Probably better I tell ya Sayoko. Belldandy doesn't know him very
well yet either."

Keiichi began to make up as much as he could. Sayoko seemed interested
enough and hung onto his every word. Eventually the bogus story ended.

Keiichi: "So...Sayoko why did you want to know?"

Sayoko: "He's cute. Strong too. I think I'll have to work on him though."

Day after day Decrow followed Belldandy and Keiichi to school and everyday
Sayoko tried to talk to him, and everyday he brushed her off. One late night
Sayoko decided enough was enough and traveled to Keiichi and Belldandy's
house knowing that Decrow lived with them there.

<Kotsu Kotsu>

The door slid open to reveal Skuld complete with hammer on back.

Skuld: "Yes?"

Sayoko: "Um. Is Decrow at home?"

Skuld: "Yes, come in. He's in his room."

Skuld did her little hostess routine and showed Sayoko to Decrow's room.
When she opened the door Decrow was laying in his bed with a bottle of sake
in his hand and his hat over his eyes. Skuld walked in and took the hat off
of his eyes.

Skuld: "Decrow.....Decrow....DECROW! WAKE UP!"

Decrow almost jumped out of his skin. He quickly say up and looked around.

Decrow: "What is it general are we under attack?"

Skuld slapped him in the face a few times and forced his eyes open.

Skuld: "Decrow focus! Wake up!"

Decrow: "Ah I'm just playing with ya Skuld relax."
Decrow reached forward and crushed Skuld against himself until she ran short
of breath.

Skuld: "UGH! DON'T DO THAT!"

In the back Sayoko covered her mouth as she giggled. Decrow then noticed her
and his eyes went narrow.

Skuld: "You have a guest."

Decrow: "Yup."

Skuld left the room to leave them alone. Sayoko shut the door behind the
little girl and went to sit on Decrow's bed.

Decrow: "What're you doing here?"

Sayoko: "I want to ask you things."

Decrow: "Ok."

While Sayoko continued to explain her presence Decrow finished off the rest
of the sake.

Sayoko: "I want to know why you're so mean to me? Can't you see that I like
you? Everyone sees it."

Decrow: "....ok...."

Sayoko: "Well why? Tell me dammit!"

The now frustrated Sayoko was holding onto Decrow's shirt collar and shaking
him.

Decrow: "Well since you put it that way...fact is I'm just not a very nice
person."

Sayoko: "That's not true and I know it! I see how you are around Belldandy
and Keiichi. To that I've seen how you act around the rest of the auto club.
Listen cowboy I want to know what's going on!"

Decrow: "I'm not worth liking so I try not to make friends."

Sayoko: "I don't mean like that! I mean I LIKE you!"

Decrow just stared at her like she was insane or her face was melting. His
face was like stone until he saw her tears.

Sayoko: "It was a mistake to come here."

Sayoko turned quickly and ran away. Decrow only then jumped up to stop her.
He reached forward and grabbed her arm.

Decrow: "Sayoko....wait....I'm not quite sure what I'm supposed to say to
you."

Sayoko: "Don't say anything cowboy. This is enough."

Sayoko pulled herself into Decrow to hold him and lay her head on his chest.
After a moment she backed away and left. As she walked out of view Decrow
saw Skuld standing behind her with her hands on her hips and an angry look
on her face.

The next day at school Decrow and Keiichi were getting ready to leave gym
class. Keiichi did up his sneakers and started to leave when Decrow grabbed
him by his shirt collar and took him aside. As the last person left Decrow
set Keiichi down.

Keiichi: "Hey! What's the big deal!"

Decrow: "...I would like to request your advise on a situation."

Keiichi couldn't believe his ears. Decrow was actually asking for help from
someone that wasn't Urd.

Keiichi: "Sure, what's up?"

Decrow: "I'm in love with Urd as you have no doubt noticed."

Keiichi: "Sure have. Why?"

Decrow: "Not finished. Something has come up that I wasn't expecting. Ms.
Sayoko Mishima. I think I'm also in love with her."

Keiichi: "Yeah, that'd be a problem alright. What do you think you should
do?"

Decrow: "I don't know."

Keiichi: "Well if you ask me it shouldn't be too much of a problem for too
long."

Decrow: "Whys that?"

Keiichi: "Sayoko's in the hospital. Didn't you hear? She got really sick.
Really, really sick."

Decrow: "What hospital?"

Keiichi: "The one on main street."

Decrow: "Good bye Keiichi. Thank you."

Decrow stormed out of the door and flew over to the hospital. When he got in
and to Sayoko's room there was a small crowd of students outside of her
room.

Decrow: "What's going on? Why is everyone outside?"

Student: "Sayoko Mishima's in there. She doesn't want anyone in. She's
afraid someone will get sick from her."

Ignoring the students warning he pushed through the door to see Sayoko. She
turned her head to see him standing in front of the door. Her face was much
paler and she was persperating. Her hair was a little messy and strands were
sticking on her forehead. Decrow walked forward to the side of her bed.

Sayoko: "Hey cowboy, you shouldn't be in here. You'll get sick."

Decrow: "Don't care. Not worried about it. Sayoko I have to talk to you.
Sayoko....I...."

Sayoko: "Don't. Don't say it out of sympathy. You know as well as everyone
else that I'm gonna....."

Decrow removed his cloak and set in over a chair. He pushed the strands of
hair away from her face and touched her cheek.

Decrow: "No you won't. You won't die Sayoko. You have my word...I promise
that you won't die."

Sayoko smiled at the touch of his hand, it was so relaxing to her. Outside
the room the group of students were crowding the window.

Decrow: "Sayoko...."

His voice was much softer now as he took a knee to become level with her.

Decrow: "Sayoko...I love you."

Sayoko: "I love you too."

Decrow: "Sayoko...when you get out of here I'll take you away with me. We'll
go somewhere far away...the beach.....the mountains....the sky's the limit."

Sayoko: "I'd like that. What made you change?"

Decrow: "I don't know. But it happened."
Sayoko: "Cowboy...you will come back tomorrow won't you?"

Decrow: "I'll stay here if you want me to."

Sayoko: "You'll get sick."

Decrow: "I already told you. I don't care."

Sayoko: "No, you go home. Come see me tomorrow."

Decrow: "Of course."

Decrow leaned forward and kissed Sayoko deeply. She put her hand on the back
of his neck to pull herself up a little while they were locked. When they
broke a mix of claps, cheers and nasty remarks could be heard from outside.
The demon turned on his heal and left Sayoko to rest. When he got outside
some people patted his back but he basically ignored them. Later that night
when he got home Skuld was waiting for him, hammer in hand.

Skuld: "Decrow...you've gone too far now. First you say you love Urd with
all your heart and then you start seeing this Sayoko girl. I can't have
that! We'll settle this now!"

Decrow: "That rage Skuld....it is time I suppose. I'd rather it not now but
if I must than I must."

Belldandy stepped outside to greet Decrow but was silenced before she could
speak.

Decrow: "Belldandy stand aside. This is the battle I told you of....my last
one. Just look at Skuld. The fury she holds. You can see it in her eyes.
Today she'll lose her blood innocense. There's no point in delaying fate. If
you must kill me Skuld...do it now, I won't fight you."

Skuld didn't know what to do. She was expecting a battle or at least a witty
remark. But nothing. The young goddess walked forward slowly. Her eyes were
kept narrow. Although she was taken off guard she was still angry.

Skuld: "....I....I won't kill you Decrow. I just want an answer."

Decrow: "I can't give you one. I don't know the answer myself. If Urd should
shed a tear because of me then I have done her a great dishonor. Kill me to
avenge her honor. And your own."

Skuld: "She hasn't been crying. She doesn't know. If you just stop than I
can forgive and forget this."

Decrow: "I can't. I love Sayoko. But Urd....I love her too. I don't know
what I can do so this is the only answer I can give you."

Decrow took a knee and lowered his head to make the kill clean. Skuld only
kicked him in the shoulder to knock him on his back.

Skuld: "STOP IT! QUIT BEGGING FOR YOU'RE DEATH! I can't do it.....Decrow
you're like a brother to me. I couldn't kill you, same as I couldn't kill
Belldandy...Urd or even Keiichi."

Decrow tried to open his mouth but Skuld dropped to his level and slapped
him dead in the gullet.

Skuld: "Stop it!"

Skuld reached forward and crushed Decrow against herself and cried into his
shoulder.

Decrow: "......Skuld.....tell me what you want me to do."

Skuld: "I want you to choose. Decrow we'll love you either way. You'll
always be our family."

Decrow stood up and began to walk away.

Decrow: "I'll let you know tomorrow."

The next day Decrow skipped school and stayed most of the day in the
hospital with Sayoko. He came clean with her to the last detail. To say the
least she was heart broken.

Decrow: "I'm not sure what I'm going to do."

Sayoko: "Do you really love me? Were those just words?"

Decrow: "No. I do love you Sayoko. I didn't mean or try to fall in love but
it just happened."

Sayoko: "Then you need to choose between us."

Decrow: "I.....know. Sayoko....could you love me even if I
was....different?"

Sayoko: "Cowboy I love you. Nothing can change that."

Decrow: "What if I said that I'm a demon."

Sayoko: "I'd say seek help."

Decrow closed all the blinds and removed his jacket. He then sprout his
large bat wings and flapped them a few times. His arm changed back to smoke
and then to the bone arm dripping with hot oil.

Decrow: "Are you scared Sayoko? Do you still love...this? This mound of
flesh and blood. I'm a demon Sayoko. A real demon."

Sayoko managed the strength to raise out of her chair and walk over to
Decrow. He changed his arm back to a normal arm as Sayoko fell into him and
wrapped her arms around his waist and tips of his wings. With what was
unwrapped he curled the wings around Sayoko and himself and deeply kissed
her.

Sayoko: "I will always love you. Even if you don't love me."

Decrow: ".....but I do. I love you."

That night Decrow broke the news to Urd. She took it pretty well. In fact
they shared a ‘so-long' bottle of sake and decided to just remain friends.

-The End

++Look for my next Lemon (MUCH, MUCH MORE LEMON!!!) "Kiyone's Household
Adventures!"
