Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or OMG. Blah, blah. blah

Red Rose Drops PT3

It had been a month since the trial of Washu and Tsunami. When the goddesses
returned home they never spoke of the trial except with each other. Little
did they know new problems would be arising.

In the temple/house of the 3 Earth Goddesses Belldandy, Urd and Skuld a new
problem was beginning that all started with one they knew and cared about.
Outside, standing on the roof of the building was Decrow and Belldandy,
ready for a face-off.

Belldandy: "Don't make me do this Decrow."

Decrow: "This will be my finest test....who truly is stronger? A goddess or
a demon?"

Belldandy: "Your kind can not win Decrow. You don't believe in good things
like love or kindness. We need these things to survive. I think you know
that now."

Decrow: "True. But still, your kind is weak. And it is my duty to destroy
the weak."

A fierce battle broke out around the small house. Hit after hit was
delivered until in the end Decrow stumbled back and Belldandy was able to
press her staff (see movie) to his throat ending the duel.

Belldandy: "Quit?"

Decrow: "For now Belldandy, for now."

Decrow gathered himself and stood. Brushing his clothes off he shook
Belldandy's hand in congratulations.

Decrow: "You're very strong Belldandy and I commend you on that. But then
again being the sister of a half demon I can understand that entirely."

Belldandy: "You're too proud of your people. In case you forgot you too are
part of the goddess system. You're just another sect."

Decrow: "Hmm....indeed. You've done well Belldandy. You have defeated me and
I commend you on that, however, do not preach to me."

Decrow sat on the edge of the house looking into the sky, replaying the
fight in his head to find his mistake. Belldandy sat next to him to enjoy
the scenery and try to start the day off a little better. This all started
when Decrow tried to pick a fight with Skuld.

Belldandy: "Decrow can I ask you a few things. I know we've been friends a
long time but I don't feel like I really know you."

Decrow: "Ask all you want Belldandy."

Belldandy: "I want to know things, like why do always fight with Skuld? Do
you truly love Urd? Why did you do these things to your body? Why do you do
the things you do?"

Decrow: "I am the most powerful demon in my land. Since I was cast out I've
been looking for the strongest. Someday Skuld will be more powerful than
even you. Her technology and magic will soon fully develop. Also, I am
trying to teach her. I know that when she is at her potential she will kill
me in battle. I have foreseen this and so has Urd. So when she kills me I
want to know that at least I was beaten by someone with demonic spells. So
I've been teaching her as she fights. This is also my reason for my marking.
I wish to be strong. This wish is my only wish....or at least I thought it
was. So yes Belldandy I love Urd. More than anything. She's everything I
could ever want in a lover and more. She's becoming my world no matter how
much I don't want it too be true."

Belldandy: "When I'm with Keiichi he's my whole world. Why don't you want
Urd to be yours?"

Decrow: "If I concentrate on Urd I will become weaker. I can't allow that."

Belldandy: "But if know you're going to lose to Skuld why bother?"

Decrow: ".....Belldandy....we have been friends for a long time. I grew up
with you and Urd. Skuld was like a little sister to me and still is. This is
why I was sent from my home. The heavens have cast me out as well. My
kindness and love for others became my downfall. I must strive for
something. We live for as long as we want to Belldandy unless we are killed
by a demon, god or goddess. I want to live forever with Urd but I know it
can't be that way. There's nothing more that I'd like than to be with her,
you, Skuld and even that boyfriend of yours is becoming acceptable to me. I
want what you have....a family...but it's not my destiny...."

Decrow stood up to face the sun as the wind blew his hair back.

Decrow: "But I've said too much. Belldandy I see things as they are with no
illusions. Urd can not love a person as twisted as I. Urd knows very well
she could have most any man in the universe....why choose me? It could never
work. My futile dreams and wishes are useless. I'll never have a
family...Belldandy I'll be leaving for a short while to think about some
things. I'll return in a few days perhaps. Maybe sooner, maybe later.
Good-bye."

Decrow leaped off the roof and began to walk away from the house passing
Skuld and Keiichi on the way.

Keiichi: "Well hay Decrow, what's up?"

Decrow: "Away from me human. You have my respect for being friends with my
friends but do not try to become mine."

Skuld: "Decrow can't you be half way nice for a change?"

Decrow: "Someday. Good bye Skuld. I'll see you later."

Skuld: "Bring me back a popsicle while your out."

Decrow: "Will do."

Decrow left through the gate and wouldn't be seen for another 5 weeks.

Keiichi: "Ugh, what's his problem Skuld? He seems to get along with you 3
just fine but he's obviously disgusted with me."

Skuld: "That's because you're human. Decrow doesn't like many people. He
hates most humans and goddesses for being weak. But I think Belldandy could
take him!"

Keiichi: "Then if he hates goddesses why does he like you?"

Skuld: "Belldandy and Urd grew up with him. Sometimes I think the only real
reason is because Urd is half demon so he accepts us."

Back at Tenchi's house Washu decided to come clean with Kiyone and Mihoshi
about the trial. As her story continued the girls became more fascinated.

Kiyone: "They call THAT a trial?!"

Washu: "Mmhhmm. They don't need things like evidence. Because we can see
all."

Washu quickly shifted her eyes to Mihoshi and then back to Kiyone. Although
it seemed innocent enough to Mihoshi, Kiyone knew what she meant.

Washu: "But of course I won't tell anyone and I expect you both to do the
same."

Kiyone nodded quickly and left the lab. Mihoshi stood up but Washu quickly
grabbed her wrist.

Washu: "Mihoshi I'd like to have a word with you."

Mihoshi: "Um...ok Washu."

Washu: "Good. Sit. Mihoshi I'd like you to do me a favor. I know what you
and Kiyone have been doing."

Mihoshi: "Um....police work?"

Washu: "....where ever dropped on your head? No! I mean you and Kiyone being
involved."

Mihoshi held her innocent look. She obviously didn't understand and this
frustrated Washu.

Washu: "....with each other.....dating each other....being lovers."

Mihoshi: "Oh. Well why didn't you just say so?"

Washu: "Mihoshi I'd like you to meet my niece Urd. She's looking for someone
like you. She's cute, you two should get along fine if she doesn't get as
frustrated with you as I do."

Mihoshi: "Oh...um ok Washu. But I don't have a way to get there."

Washu: "Here take this! NOW GET OUTTA HERE ALREADY!"

Washu produced a train ticket for a 1:00 trip. She'd obviously had been
planning this for quite awhile. Mihoshi took the ticket and moved out the
door in her own special brain less way.

Washu: "Finally! I'm finally free!!"

Washu's master plan had been set into motion. She'd be killing 2 birds with
one stone. Decrow would lose Urd and Mihoshi would be out of the house and
her hair forever! Upstairs, or outside rather Sasami was siting under a tree
thinking about the other night with Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Sasami: "<I know it won't ever happen again. Probably best. If I ever take
over on Jurai...oh the shame and scandal of it all. It'd be too much to
bare.>"

The little princess curled herself into a ball and began to weep into her
arms. Back at the temple Skuld and Belldandy were having their own
confrontation.

Belldandy: "I can't explain it Skuld and I don't know what you want me to
say."

Skuld: "Just that it's a lie!"

Belldandy: "But it's not...."

Skuld hopped up from the porch and began to pace. She knew it was true. She
replayed Tsunami's speech in her head and tried to shake the memory.

Belldandy: "It's just something you'll have to learn to accept. It's not as
if it still goes on."

Skuld: "THAT'S NOT THE POINT! I.....I just can't look at you the same
anymore Belldandy."

Belldandy stood up and held her little sister in a tight embrace. Skuld
began to cry into Belldandy's chest.

Belldandy: "Skuld, no matter the past you're still my sister and I love you.
Nothing should change."

Belldandy sensed the tension was slipping. She decided to change the topic.

Belldandy: "Skuld, do you know where Urd is? There's something I need to
tell her."

Skuld was feeling the tension rise up in her once again and began to push
away from her sister.

Skuld: "What?"

Belldandy: "Decrow left. He may not be back for a long time."

Skuld : "Well good riddance! All he ever does is start fights with me and
hang out with Urd. But she's inside watching TV. They're both so lazy!"

Belldandy let out a small giggle and went to inform her sister of the news,
however when she got there she was passed out with a few bottles of sake
laying around the room.

Skuld: "Belldandy! I'm leaving to find Mom! I'll be home in a little while!"

Belldandy ran outside to try and stop Skuld. But she was already gone. As
Skuld flew to her destination so many thoughts rushed through her head.

Skuld: "<What will mom tell me? I hope it will help me. Will she even talk
to me? This is all so personal, I doubt she'll answer any of my questions.>"


Upon reaching the Masaki household Skuld almost immediately found Sasami
outside, still crying into herself. Skuld slowly approached the princess in
hopes of not upsetting her.

Skuld: "Hello? Are you ok?"
Sasami lifted her head to look at Skuld. Her face was so bright to Sasami it
was almost enough to send her into a crying flashback.

Sasami: "Yes, I'm alright. Who are you?"

Skuld: "I'm Skuld. Tsunami's daughter."

Sasami: "What are you doing here?"

Skuld: "I came to see my mother. I need to speak to her. I kinda figured
you'd be able to ask her to come out and see me. Can you?"

Sasami: "No I'm sorry. Tsunami comes out when she wants to, I can't call
her."

Skuld looked down to the ground and turned around slowly. Half way through
her turn a brilliant light illuminated the scene and Tsunami stood between
Sasami and Skuld. When she realized what was happening Skuld jumped to
embrace her mother.

Tsunami: "What's wrong Skuld?"

Skuld: "Everything! Belldandy almost never has time for me, Urd is no better
and her boyfriend keeps trying to fight me!"

Tsunami: "They have their reasons Skuld."

Skuld: "Yeah I know. Bell loves Ke, Decrow loves Urd and Decrow picks on me
because I'm the smallest."

Tsunami: "Does he? Are you sure?"

Skuld: "Wha-what do you mean?"

Tsunami: "Skuld, there is no power greater than the demons. They are
stronger than the goddess's, but because we have good hearts we will always
win. If he was truly fighting with you, he'd of killed you. Your powers are
developed enough to stand a chance. Perhaps he's trying to help you. You
never know with his type."

Skuld had to think for a minute.

Tsunami: "Skuld, Decrow has been with us for a very long time. There are
things about him you should understand. Do you understand the origin of the
demons?"

Skuld: "Of course. They challenged the goddess system and were banished."

Tsunami: "Decrow was an exception. He fought but he fought for no one side.
He fought simply to fight. However because he killed a number of powerful
and useful goddess's he was banished. However he was allowed to visit
because he also killed many demons with great power. He has been friends of
ours for so long...he grew up alongside Urd. They were like best friends. He
felt that you were like a little sister. He was practically part of our
family. But you see, because of this he was cast out of....there...and the
heavens would not allow him sanctuary. He had to live amongst humans for
most of his existence. He hates goddess's for their hearts, he hates humans
because of there attributes, he hates almost everything because he can not
be a part of anything. He is all alone. Unlike you and your sisters who have
each other he has no one. No family. Nothing."

Skuld: "........how sad......but still...."

Tsunami: "Skuld he's trying to teach you his powers. He may not have many
but they are all very powerful. His pin shot alone can kill anyone with 1
shot.....but be careful around him. His hearts growing soft. He's feeling
love for the first time. However he's also feeling doubt, anger, almost
everything that can cancel itself out."

Skuld: "Why?"

Tsunami: "Urd is beautiful. He doubts her feelings for him."

Skuld: "That's crazy."

Tsunami: "Do not interfere with it Skuld, it's for them to handle. I will
permit you to inform Urd of what I've told you but you may not speak to
Decrow about it. Is there anything else bothering you?"

Skuld: "Yes....I don't know how to handle....Bell and Urd....it's too
weird."

Tsunami: "Try this..."

Tsunami disappeared and was replaced by Sasami moving forward and locking
her lips down on Skulds.

In a small mountain town a dark clothed man was wondering about looking for
a challenger worthy to fight. City after city was ravaged by his blood lust.
Until he came to the home of a certain shinto priest that simply couldn't
sit by and watch it happen.

Yosho: "So...you're the one killing off villages."

???: "Indeed I am."

Yosho: "I know who you are Decrow and you can not win."

Decrow: "Hmm...well in that case I better go all out."

The fight was short and sweet. The old priest lunged forward to drop his
sword into the demons chest but was met with a powerful choke hold.

Decrow: "I think I've won old man."

Yosho: "Your kind can never win. Your hearts are cold and without feeling."

Decrow: ".....but if I've fallen in love...."

Decrow let the old man go and began to walk away with his head hung.

Yosho: "If you've fallen in love...there may be hope for you yet....have you
told her?"

Decrow: "It's pointless old man. She could never love someone like me. You
said it yourself. We just can't win."

Yosho saw his opportunity. If he could help change the heart of demon he was
sure he could do anything. He ran to catch up with his opponent.

Yosho: "If you tell her you will know."

Decrow: "......"

Yosho: "Please, stop, I'm old and need to be able to sit."

Decrow sat down on a mossed rock and let the old man enjoy one himself.

Yosho: "There, that's better. Now, Decrow...you are afraid of rejection
yes?"

Decrow: "I fear nothing."

Yosho: "Then why do you hesitate?"

Decrow: "She's like family to me already. Always has been....but I can never
become part of a family."

Yosho: "Things change. If you have faith in her...if you believe...nothing
can stop you."

Decrow: "Are you deaf old man!? She's so beautiful...and I'm...."

Yosho: "Ah, I see....you fear your looks are your downfall. If she loves you
she'll see past that."

Decrow: "It's kind of hard."

Yosho: "Yes...since I can't even see your face. I must assume it is."

Decrow: "The sun....it's too bright."

Yosho stood up and slugged Decrow dead in the mouth knocking him on his
back, sending his new cowboy hat flaying through the air exposing his face.
He looked as normal as anyone else. However he quickly covered it with his
hand.

Yosho: "You're a fool. There's nothing wrong with your face. You're making
excuses because you fear love."

Decrow: "I fear that I love too much. Between her and her sisters it's too
much."

Yosho: "3 is too much? Than I'm in real trouble."

Yosho began to walk away. He patted Decrow on the shoulder and left.

Yosho: "Tell her Decrow. It's all you can do."

Decrow nodded and flicked the brim of his hat and left for home. When he
arrived Belldandy was sitting on the front porch, Skuld was inside and so
was Urd.

Belldandy: "Decrow. Welcome home."

Decrow: "Where's Urd?"

Belldandy: "Watching TV with Skuld."

Decrow: "Thanks. Could you hold onto this for me please?"

He handed Belldandy his hat and moved inside quickly. He changed his fog
into an actual arm. When Urd and Skuld heard him coming they turned to see
him but only enough so that they wouldn't have to let they're eyes off the
show.

Skuld: "Hi Decrow."

Urd: "Hey, what's up?"

Without a word Decrow grabbed Urd's sides from behind and picked her up to
her feet. She turned to face him and was instantly held in a tight embrace.
Skuld's eyes left the TV. This was more exciting to her. When Decrow let up
enough to look at her he prepared for her expression to grim.

Decrow: "Urd if I don't tell you this now I may never say it...."

Urd: "Say what? Why are you acting so strange?"

Decrow: "Urd....I love you. I truly love you with all my heart."

He waited for her response expecting her to slap him to blast him to pieces.
Instead he saw tears form in her eyes.

Urd: "Do you mean that?"

Decrow: "I wouldn't of said it if I didn't."

Urd: "Decrow...I love you too."

Urd began to sob uncharacteristically and held Decrow tight. Skuld jumped
right out of her seat and rushed outside.

Skuld: "Bell! She actually said it! So did he! They finally admit it!"

The two sisters re-entered the room with smiles on their face. Decrow
quickly took back his hat to cover his face.

Belldandy: "Decrow....welcome....to our family."

Suddenly there was a huge crash of lightening outside and a voice, like acid
came across them.

???: "Aww...how cute...but now I'm here to take care of you all....like a
family."

Urd: "Aunt Tokimi...."

End Of PT3

Preview Of Next Fic:
Skuld revisits her encounter with Sasami. A fierce battle brews that could
determine the fate of the entire universe.
