	Washu sat at her computer, she stared into the screen, lost in thought. 
"Keep your head together, Washu," she told herself. "Your interest in him is 
purely scientific." 
	Washu knew that was wrong. Maybe when she had first seen the tattoo her 
interest was only scientific. But there was something about this man. During the 
past day she had watched him, his suit monitoring almost everything that had 
happened. There was something mysterious about him, maybe it was the look in his 
eyes when he was alone. Maybe it was the way he never allowed himself to show 
any signs of weakness. How even when his world was all but collapsing around 
him, he took it in stride. Yet somehow, she could tell, the look in his eyes 
showed years of regret, years of pain. There was something about him, he seemed 
to eminate strength, but only because it had been demanded of him. She had a 
feeling that in his mind a war was raging on, he was struggling to keep himself 
in check. His body was being destroyed by its need for input, yet he would not 
allow it. He knew not to allow it. When she had checked his thoughts, they had 
been clouded, vague. Pictures of his past, but seen out of focus. As though he 
were struggling to not even remember them for fear of what they could bring with 
them.
	Washu leaned back in her seat. She muttered a curse under her breath. "I 
was so close." 
	

	

	Ayeka rolled over in her bed. She just couldn't fall asleep. She turned 
and looked at her sister. Sasami 
was lying asleep, her gentle breathing just barely audible. Aeka watched her for 
a moment, she sighed, envying her 
sisters comfort. But sleep would not come. No matter how long she closed her 
eyes and inhaled the sickly sweet 
summer night air, her mind would not pause long enoug to relent to sleep. She 
was thinking. Looking at the signs of 
affection she had shown Tenchi. She remembered the time in the shed, when she 
had first opened up to him. Then 
she paused. There was that one night last spring, when she and Ryoko had battled 
over him so heatedly. But she 
had done little more then Unless she counted it as a sign of affection everytime 
she greeted him. 
	Then she thought of all the times Ryoko had shown him signs of affection. 
For a moment she didn't think 
of any. All she could remember were Ryoko's signs of lust. Throwing herself at 
Tenchi like a street-corner whore. 
Then she remembered what Aeon had said. "She loves Tenchi, just as you do. She 
only has differant ways of 
showing it." She knew he was right. Even though she didn't want to admit it, she 
knew she would have to be blind 
to not acknowledge that Ryoko cared about Tenchi. Clearly not as much as she 
did. But she did care for him. She 
thought again of any sign of Ryoko's interest in Tenchi. She could name numerous 
ones from dinner alone. 
	"I guess it is kind of foolish of me to expect Tenchi to walk up to me and 
throw his arms around 
me," Aeka thought to herself. What was it Aeon had said? "Tenchi is young, and 
his heart is not sure what it wants 
yet..." That was it. She had slowly been realizing since she arrived here, that 
Tenchi was not the kind of man to take 
the initiative. He was shy, and clearly indecisive. Aeka smiled as she 
remembered how he had looked away in 
embarrasment when she has ran into his arms in the shed. 
	"But I can't just throw myself at him like she does. That would be below a 
princess of Jurai." Aeka lay 
there in silence for a few moments. Sasami's gentle breathing the only thing 
piercing it. "What can I do to help him 
decide?", Aeka wondered. She considered making him a gift, then remembered what 
had happened the last time she 
tried something like that. "Perhaps, I could take him out to a romantic dinner." 
she contemplated it for a moment, "No, 
Ryoko would never allow that. Besides, I couldn't ask him out, It wouldn't be 
proper." 
	Aeka lay there, for hours, trying to think of ways to subtely show her 
interest in Tenchi. Eventually, the 
warm night air began to get to her, and her eyelids fell slowly down as she 
drifted into a light sleep, dreams of 
Tenchi flowing through her mind.
	Ryoko was not having nearly so pleasant a sleep. She tossed and turned in 
her bed as her nightmare 
haunted her. 
	She was watching a battle between two swordsmen. In the darkness she could 
only make out vague 
figures. The combatants were locked in a one sided battle. The shorter of the 
two clearly defeating his opponent. 
Ryoko drew near, unable to look away from the battle. She held her blade aloft 
as a light. The taller man was 
fighting valiently, but was clearly no match for his opponent. And after only a 
few minutes of combat, he had 
been disarmed. His opponent approached him, holding his sword aloft, and with a 
sudden downward strike, 
gave the killing blow. His sword shimmered for a moment before fading away. 
Slowly he turned away, he was 
facing Ryoko, but the shadows still concieled his face. Something caught Ryoko's 
eye, behind the victor, the 
fallen warrior was stirring. He began to burn with a furious white light, 
silhouetting the man before Ryoko. Ryoko 
wanted to shield her eyes, to turn away from the blinding illumination. But she 
found she could not. She watched the 
fallen warrior struggle to his feet. Then he stood up, the brilliance burning 
around him, as if he were being consumed 
by it. Behind him, Ryoko saw massive wings grow, flowing out behind him. They 
shimmered as if they were merely 
a mirage, an illusion in the brilliant light. Then as suddenly as they had 
appeared they were gone. 
	The light subsided to a gentle glow, piercing the air around the man. He 
still shone with a brilliance that 
masked his features, but the air around him only glowed with a gentle warmth. 
Ryoko blinked, her eyes adjusting 
to soft light filling the area. Then Ryoko recognized the shorter man. 
	"Tenchi!" she cried out as she reached for him. 
	Tenchi didn't seem to hear her, but turned around and looked at he 
resurrected opponent. Quickly the 
sword in his hand sprung to life again, and he charged at the figure before him. 
Effortlessly, the figure tossed 
the Tenchi-ken aside and grasped Tenchi around his neck. His eyes burnt with 
fury as he lifted Tenchi into the air.
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko cried again, she began to run to him, but a young woman 
stepped in her way.  Ryoko 
looked as long metal arms took hold of her, and held her back, as she struggled 
to run to Tenchi.
	She watched as Tenchi kicked helplessly at the figure. She saw the figures 
grip choking the life out of 
him. "Washu! Let me go! I need to help Tenchi!" She screamed, as she fought in 
vain against her bonds.
	The older Washu looked at her daughter sadly. "Im sorry Little Ryoko, but 
you must not interfere." 
Washu commanded, her voice full of concern.
	"What are you talking about Washu!" Ryoko shrieked, thrashing wildly in 
her bonds. "That thing is 
Killing Tenchi!"
	"It is only natural Ryoko, things must live and die. The strong must kill 
the weak for evolution to occur. 
If we exist in a changing environment but do not change ourselves, we will 
quickly become obsolete. Survival is 
determined by the ability to survive. If we interfere and cause the weak to 
destroy the strong, we sow weakness 
into a system. It leads to slow death. The human consciousness is one that 
demands conflict. Without conflict, 
the need for evolution would be removed. That leads to stasis and an eventual 
degradation. A devolution, if you 
will. We must breed the strong with the strong. It does no good to breed the 
strong with the weak. As then with 
each successive generation, the blood gets weaker and weaker. When you introduce 
a challenge to a system, it 
will either rise to overcome the challenge, this is evolution. Or it will be 
destroyed by the challenge, this is natural 
selection. Both are necessary in order for a more perfect entity to be formed. 
You are now witnessing the latter."
	"What the hell are you talking about Washu! He's killing Tenchi! Let me 
go!" Ryoko watched as 
Tenchi's kicks became weaker and weaker. She looked at Washu. "Please, Washu."
	Ryoko saw Washu turn and watch, as Tenchi's kicks finally stopped. And the 
figure dropped his 
lifeless corpse to the ground. He turned and looked at Ryoko, his lips parted 
just slightly and she could see 
him smile cruelly.
	Washu bowed her head, "Forgive me, Tenchi. I tried to stop it."
	Ryoko screamed. 
	Ryoko jumped up, sweat covering her. Her eyes wide with fear. She looked 
around, she was home, 
in the Masaki house, in bed. She breathed a sigh of relief. "But, it was so 
real." she whispered. She quickly 
phased into Tenchi's room. He was lying in bed, sleeping peacefully. His gentle 
snoring comforted Ryoko a 
little. She phased back into her bed. Closing her eyes she tried to fall alseep 
again "But it was so real." she 
whispered again.

	


	Aeon opened his eyes, squinting as the morning light hit them. He 
stretched out, his muscles begging 
him to stay down, to just go back into the blissful sleep which he was casting 
off as though it were a nuisance 
rather then a comfort. He dragged himself up, and sat on the edge of the bed. 
His head was pounding. He put 
his hand against it, he could swear he could feel the blood pulsing through it 
as he sat there, each heartbeat like 
a drum sounding inside his brain. He looked around, next to the bed he saw two 
wine glasses resting on a small 
table. He vaguely remembered Washu setting them there. He looked on the bed 
beside him. His nights companion 
lay there, cold and empty. 
	"No wonder I have a headache, I don't remember drinking all of it." Aeon 
said as he stood up, pausing 
for a moment as hsi hangover threatened to send him crashing to the floor. He 
sighed, and slowly dragged himself 
towards the bar counter, resting the empty bottle on its side. He saw his gun 
and holster lying next to his hand, 
and slowly began to remember what had happened after Washu had left. 
	"Damn," he muttered. "I guess I didn't drink enough after all. Stupid 
resilient braincells." He looked at 
the gun for a moment, considering whether he should bring it with him, 
eventually deciding not to, remembering 
what he had planned to do today.
	He finally stretched and looked around. He saw a small door he hadn't 
noticed before. he took a few 
steps towards it, as his eyes slowly fell into focus on a small sign hanging on 
it.
	"Baths," he read. I guess I probably should take a bath before I leave. He 
looked over at the door 
leading out of his room. He remembered where that exit would take him and he 
worried. He knew that he would 
have to apologize, do something. But not now, he couldn't face her now. Slowly, 
he walked up to the baths and 
slid the door open. Stepping inside, he could barely believe his eyes. The bath 
stretched out as far as he could 
see, with countless pools stretching out across the landscape. He looked to his 
right and saw a waterfall, steam 
rising from the drain it poured into. To his left was a small shelf with soaps 
and shampoos, and hooks hanging 
towels and a long white bathrobe. Walking up to the rack, he began to peel his 
shirt off.


	
	Ryoko lay awake in bed. She hadn't been able to fall asleep since her 
dream had woken her. She lay 
there worrying about Tenchi. She wanted to go and watch over him. She wanted to 
stay with him always, 
never leaving his side, just in case he wasn't there when she returned. But she 
knew she couldn't. She 
remembered how he had felt the last time she had tried to guard him. His hurtful 
words played over in his 
mind. The disgusted way he had spoken, "Don't tell me you were in my room all 
night... I don't ever want 
to go through anything like that again."
	Ryoko felt a sting of pain as she thought of all the times Tenchi had 
turned away from her in disgust. 
How he had treated her like she were a bother to him. How he had acted like the 
very thought of her touch 
repulsed him. She knew that it wasn't that, he was just shy. She knew he cared 
about her. "But, does he love me?" 
she wondered. She shuddered at the thought of never having Tenchi return her 
love. 
	"Wil it go on like this forever?" Ryoko asked herself. "Me and Aeka 
fighting over him, while he 
shakes at the thought of either of us showing him affection for fear of what the 
other might think..." Ryoko 
paused, remembering the damage she and Aeka had caused during some of their 
fights. "or do."
	Ryoko loved Tenchi, he was the first person she could ever remember caring 
about. She could not imagine 
ever living without him. After all, he was her liberator, her knight in shining 
armor. After her life of pain, existing only 
as anothers tool, a weapon used for anothers will, Tenchi had come. She didn't 
want to remember anything before. 
The centuries locked in that horrible cell. That cold, dark pit. She shivered 
even thinking about it. And before that, 
when she was a weapon of Kagato. A slave to his will. Bound to serve him, and 
destroy any and all who stood in his 
way. Ryoko felt a tear roll down her cheek. She could not remember any of her 
victims. Only the sounds of their screams 
rang through her ears.
	Ryoko curled up and grasped her knees. Then her mind wandered towards her 
last days in the cave, when she 
had learnt how to seperate her astral body from her physical body. She could 
only escape for a few minutes at a time. But 
after years of darkness, those minutes were beautiful. And she remembered seeing 
Tenchi, just a baby then. She remembered 
how he had looked at her, his eyes filled with fascination. She smiled a little. 
She remembered watching him grow up, from 
that young babe into the man he was today. She paused for a moment, a sly grin 
appearing on her face. "While... almost a man." 
	Ryoko looked outside. She could tell that it was nearing dawn, the hint of 
morning light just barely piercing the night air. 
	"Tenchi would be up soon," Ryoko thought happily. Then her mood darkened 
slightly. "So would Aeka." She looked 
outside again, not really looking at anything. 
	"What if Tenchi never does decide?" She asked herself. "What if I have to 
live forever, with Tenchi within my 
grasp, but never knowing what it feels like to hold him in my arms, and have him 
hold me back." She vaguely remembered 
him holding her in Dr Clays ship. But she also remembered watching him hold a 
copy of her. She remembered the hurt at 
seeing him show the affection he had denied her to some android duplicate. Since 
she had ben assimilated with Zero, she knew 
it was silly to be jealous of her. But she still was Ryoko after all, and Tenchi 
had never held her as he had held Zero. 
	"Damn that Aeka!" Ryoko said as she clenched her fist. "Why can't she just 
leave Tenchi and I alone. She can't 
love him like I do. Her love is fleeting. Wasn't she chasing Yosho, swearing her 
love unto him until Tenchi came along?" 
Ryoko sat for a minute. Her eyes quivering with anger and hurt. A voice in the 
back of her mind told her that it could also 
mean that she loved Tenchi so much, she forgot her previous love in his favor. 
	Ryoko shook her head. "No, Aeka doesn't love Tenchi. She just couldn't. 
Not like I do"
	.A loud buzz caught Ryoko's attention.. "Tenchi's alarm." She whispered to 
herself. 
	Ryoko thought for a moment about going to wish him good morning, but 
decided to instead give him the privacy he 
always complained that she took from him. She wanted to see Tenchi, to make 
certain he really was alright again, but she didn't 
want to make him upset with her. Ryoko hung her head. She couldn't shake the 
voice that kept asking her "What if he really 
doesn't love me?"

	


	Aeon stretched out in the large reservoir. He leaned his head against a 
rock resting at the edge and let the gentle waves 
pull at his body. He closed his eyes and drew a deep breath, the steam that was 
rising from the water around him filling his lungs. 
He tried to remember exactly what had happened the night before. 
	"Ironic isn't it," he thought to himself. "I spent the night drinking to 
forget the events, and now I'm trying to remember 
them. I'm not usually concerned with trying to remember my past..."
	Aeon opened his eyes, his face becoming a little bit paler. "What is 
happening to me? This isn't like me at all." He sat up, 
and shook his head violently. Slowly he felt his concern diminish and a feeling 
of anger arise. 
	"What a fool I have been. I didn't even realize it. I just played along, 
like a confused child." Aeon clenched his fists. "Its 
clear now, this place is changing me. I can no longer try to convince myself 
that this is all a dream, or that it is irrelevant to who I am. 
I am human, and like all humans I must accept that nothing is forever. All 
things have a beginning and an end. The world I knew is gone, 
taken from me. And there is noone to blame but myself. I was like an idiot 
playing russian roulette. I pulled the trigger again and again 
until I found the bullet. I have spent my life trying to escape my past. To 
escape the ghosts that have haunted me as long as I can 
remember. Finally I find escape. I am given a chance to free myself from the 
existance I knew. And Seeing it, I run. Cringing in idiot 
terror, holding tight to the very things I have hated and cursed. Trying to 
convince myself that I am somehow greater then my reality. 
To convince myself that I am above the effects of it. We are defined by the 
things we love and hate. What we accept as reality is 
what makes us who we are."
	Aeon felt the water around him beginning to get uncomfortably hot, but he 
barely noticed it. "My reality has changed and 
as such I must change. Yet I resist it. Why? Certainly not of any love for 
myself, I most definately know what self-loathing is. Perhaps 
fear then. Yes, Im fucking terrified. Im terrified of what it is I might become. 
Even if I was a monster before, I was at least in control 
of the monster. I had my own views of right and wrong. My idea's of good and 
evil. But what if I relinquish control, what if I lose the 
few strings I have holding me back from the edge? Yes, I'm afraid. And I 
absolutely dread what I might become if I lose this time."
	Aeon felt himself calm down a little. A voice began to ring through his 
mind.. "And what cause have you to believe that 
you would lose this time? Are you that weak that you fear even yourself? You 
doubt your ability to control your own destiny? You 
have lived your life only to prove to yourself that you do control your 
destiny."
	The voice began to get angry, and more insistent with every word. "And now 
you cringe in terror like a wounded kitten. 
Afraid of what might loom ahead. Don't be ridiculous, Aeon. This is mearly an 
unexpected development." 
	The voice paused, then calmly resumed speaking. "You must adapt to 
accomidate it, however, change is something to 
embrace and accept as a necessary part of development. Not something to fear, as 
you do. Experience life, drink it, feel it, breathe 
it in and enjoy it. So you don't control it entirely, chaos is necessary for 
survival. Without it, man would become just another machine." 
	"There is a nasty correlation in your mind between feeling and weakness. 
While it does present a vulnerability, it is a necessary 
part of humanity. Perhaps the only thing that makes life worth living. Feeling 
is what makes you human. You can experience pleasure 
and pain, Love and hate, grievance and rapture. To deny yourself these is a 
crime against your very being. It is this stasis of  the very 
blood of your existance that risks creating a monster, not your acceptance of 
it."
	Aeon leaned his head back and closed his eyes. His mind had fallen silent 
again, leaving him to consider what he had heard. 
Suddenly he became aware of the uncomfortable temperature of the baths. He lept 
to his feet and sprung from the water, turning to see 
the boiling water simmer down to silence. 
	Aeon stood there, staring at the water. His mind kept jumping between what 
he had been thinking of in the baths and what had 
just happened. Finally, he focused.  "Did that really happen?" he wondered. 
	The pools appeared normal again, a light steam 
wafting up from them, but the water lay silent. He looked at his skin, there 
were no burns, a slight redness from the hot bath remained, 
but he saw no sign of damage, and the pain had already died away. 
	He shook his head gently. Telling himself to get a grip. 
	"I guess it was only my imagination." he thought as he pulled a towel from 
the wall and began to dry off. 

	


	Aeon stood before the door leading from his bedroom to Washu's lab. He 
still was unsure of what he planned on 
saying to her. The changes that he could tell he were undergoing were troubling 
him, but he had never been someone to 
allow his own concerns to cloud his judgement. He felt guilty for what had 
happened. Though he couldn't quite determine 
how his actions had been wrong, he knew that it was because of him Washu had 
looked so pained. And because of that, he 
knew he had to do something, anything he could to make her feel better. 
Especially after the way she had treated him. At the 
time he hadn't thought of it, but he had realized earlier today that he really 
had not had anywhere to go when she had invited 
him to stay.  And in the condition he was, he certainly would have drawn 
unwanted attention to himself.
	Slowly he twisted the doorknob and pressed the door open, steading himself 
for the uncertain events that would 
unfold. He tried to plan what he intended to do, but his mind returned a blank. 
	"I guess I'll have to extemporize," he thought as he stepped through the 
doorway.
	He looked around as he set his foot down in Washu's lab. This was the 
first time he could remember noticing the strange 
feeling he got when he crossed dimensions. The lab was quiet, only dimly lit by 
a few distant lights. 
	Aeon stood in the dim for a moment as his eyes adjusted. After a few 
seconds, he could just barely make out Washu's 
form. She lay stretched out on the cushion where she worked. Her computer let 
out only a dim glow as red crabs danced across a 
black screen. 
	Quietly, he began walking towards Washu. His steps fell silently on the 
metallic floor beneath his feet, his years of training 
showing through as he crossed silently and sat down a few feet away from Washu. 
He looked at Washu as she slept. Her small form 
appearing so fragile to him. The only movement he could see was the slight 
raising and lowering of her chest as she drew her quiet breaths 
in her sleep. For a moment, Aeon wished he had something he could draw her with. 
In the soft light, she appeared almost like a  figure 
of glass, almost unreal. He remembered the night before, how she had changed 
into a young woman in an instant. 
	"Of course she looks unreal, she is unreal." ran through his mind as he 
slowly stood up. She was beautiful. There was no doubt. 
Aeon remembered the days of his youth, when he spent all his spare time in his 
art trying to create something that he considered beautiful. 
He had gotten into drawing when he was still young, as well as learning to play 
several instraments. It was a calming counterbalance for 
the training in combat he had recieved nearly as long as he could remember. His 
whole life he had immersed himself in the ugliest parts of 
reality. His idea of beauty had kept him sane. He knew that there had to be more 
to the world then what he could see. He refused to accept 
that the peccancy that surrounded him was all there was to this world. And as he 
looked down at Washu, he remembered years of dreaming 
of beauty. He felt tears form in his eyes as he watched her sleeping there. 
After a few moments he turned away, he had decided what he was 
going to do. He walked to the door and turned once more to look at Washu lying 
there before he opened the door and stepped out of the lab.
