	Aeon surfaced and gasped for breath. He felt a shooting pain in his back 
threatening to send him into shock. 
He began swimming towards shore as quickly as he could. The sharp pain making 
him wince with every motion. Finally, 
he managed to drag himself onto shore. He lay there for a few minutes, panting 
for breath. He tried to remember what 
had happened.
	Voices cut through his mind; "Goddamn look at that thing!"... "What the 
fuck is that... Hey Aeon, What..."... 
"Wow poor monkey."..."Well to be fair, computers can't send people through time 
and space either"
	He sat up as he finally began to remember details. "We were doing a job, 
something went wrong." 
He paused, "Everyones dead, I jumped through that... thing." After a few seconds 
he remembered the grenade. 
His hand shot down, and verified that everything was indeed still there. 
	Slowly Aeon began to stand up.  He looked around to try and get his 
bearings. Seeing a house he 
considered asking to use their phone. But decided against it. He had no idea 
where he was, and wasn't certain if 
he'd be able to defend himself if something went wrong. He decided it was better 
to lay low for awhile. So he 
looked around again to make sure noone was watching him, then ran into the 
woods. 
	Aeon ran for a little while, until he was certain that noone could see him 
from that house. Then he looked 
around. The place looked alot like where he had been, but it obviously wasn't 
anywhere near the choppers. "Damn 
that Smiths," he muttered. "Can't get anything..." He stopped for a second, 
remembering what had happened. "Sorry 
Smiths," he muttered. He peeled off his shirt, muttering under his breath about 
how he hated being wet. He wrung it 
out and threw it over a tree branch, then reached down and drew his pistol. He 
pulled out the clip, "27 bullets, thats 
right" he whispered. "One at the door and two behind the console. "And all my 
clips were in the briefcase... Damnit I 
must have dropped it in the lake." he groaned. He pulled the clip out, released 
the bullet from the chamber and put it 
back in the clip.  He shook the water out of the pistol. Even though it was 
supposedly waterproof, he never trusted 
those things, so he placed it and the clip on the branch next to his shirt. 
	 He leaned back against the tree and looked at the sky. The sun was just 
beginning to come up when he felt 
his eyelids become to heavy to keep the open any longer. He fell into a restless 
sleep.
	The sun was high in the sky when Aeon was awaken by a rustling in the 
bushes nearby. His hand instinctively 
went for his holster. Feeling air he froze. Slowly he began to stand, trying to 
see what could have made the noise. It could 
have only been birds, in fact it most likely was only birds. But Aeon wasn't 
about to take any chances. His hand slowly 
began to creap towards where his pistol was resting. When he heard the  rustling 
start again, this time followed by what 
sounded like a cat.
	Aeon let out a sigh, "oh its just a cat", he thought to himself. He looked 
at the bush as Ryo-Ohki hopped happilly 
out.
	Ryo-Ohki didn't even see him as she turned around and let out another 
"Myeaw"
	Aeon looked at Ryo-ohki. "Hmm, is that a rabbit or a cat or what," he 
wondered.
	"Im coming Ryo-Ohki," Sasami yelled out as she chased after the cabbit.
	Aeon broke his pondering over the nature of Ryo-Ohki as he heard Sasami 
coming.  "It's just a kid, calm down," 
he told himself as he watched Sasami walk up and pick up Ryo-Ohki. 
	Sasami held Ryo-ohki in her arms, "Come on home and we'll get you some 
carrots. Would you like that Ryo-ohki?" 
Sasami asked as she watched Ryo-ohki's eyes  light up.
	"Myeaw," said Ryo-ohki
	Sasami giggled as she started to turn to head home, but stopped when she 
noticed Aeon. "Oh, Hi." She said, setting 
Ryo-ohki down. "My name is Sasami, what's your's." 
	Aeon looked at the young girl before him, she was maybe eight or nine. She 
looked rather normal for a kid, but there 
was something about this all that was proving most unsettling to Aeon. He found 
himself lost in thought for a moment. Trying 
to make sense of everything that had happened. He still wasn't certain exactly 
what had been going on since he got up this 
morning. Only pictures, flashes. Everything was too fragmented for him to be 
sure of it. Finnally he remembered her question. 
	"Its Aeon"
	Sasami smiled and set down Ryo-ohki, "I like that name, what does it 
mean?"
	Aeon smiled back at the young girl, He began to say that it was one of the 
embodiments of the divine attributes of the 
Eternal Being. but he stopped himself. He never understood what his name meant 
at her age, so he decided it was best to give 
her a less confusing meaning. "It means 'The Eternal'" He turned and lifted his 
shirt off of the branch behind him.
	"What happened to your back," Sasami asked, as Aeon began to pull his 
shirt on.
	Aeon lifted he shirt back up and knelt down, "Its a tattoo, sort of like a 
permanent drawing on my skin." He said. as he 
twisted his neck to look at Sasami.
	Sasami looked concerned, "No I mean that," she said, pointing at his right 
shoulder. 
Aeon pulled his shirt back off completely and up a little more and looked at the 
deep gash on his shoulder that was already 
becoming infected. 
	Aeon frowned "Damnit," he thought. "I didn't even notice that. I may need 
to see a doctor."
	He turned to Sasami, "Oh it's nothing, just a little cut," he said pulling 
his shirt back down over it. "Don't worry."
	"You should see a doctor about that." she said. "It looks pretty bad."
	Aeon's mind began argueing with itself, "Shes right you know." one part 
would say. Then another would reply, 
"Maybe, but you might as well walk into a police station right now. Your 
probably one of the most wanted men in Japan, you 
killed at least two guards, broke into a top secret building and destroyed 
perhaps the most important breakthrough in scientific 
history.  Wait, your right, lets go to a hospital, in fact lets walk in, give 
them our name and tell them exactly how this happened 
too. Im sure it will all work out."
	Aeon shook his head. "Nah, it'll be ok. I can't really see a doctor right 
now." he said looking at Sasami.
	"Well then, at least let me put some medicine on it, my house is right 
over there," Sasami said pointing towards the 
house Aeon had seen earlier.
	"You know Sasami, I really don't think your family would like that. In 
fact they probably wouldn't even like you talking 
to me right now." Aeon said, forcing a smile.
	"No, they won't mind, Im sure. In fact I'll bet you and Mihoshi have alot 
of galaxy police stories you can share with each 
other. Mihoshi tells the best stories," Sasami said cheerfully as she walked up 
and grabbed Aeons hand and tried to pull him towards 
the house.
	"Police stories?" Aeon said questioningly with a hint of worry in his 
voice.
	Sasami turned back to Aeon, "Yeah, Mihoshi's in the galaxy police too. Her 
blaster isn't as nice as yours though, and its 
missing a piece, because of Ryo-ohki."
	Aeon looked as Sasami pointed to the branch where his pistol was laying. 
Now Aeon was getting really worried. He could 
kill police if he had to. But he knew he couldn't kill anyone in front of this 
little girl. He began to go over the odds that this Mihoshi 
might recognize who he was. He hadn't pulled many jobs in Japan, this would have 
been the first in this area. Its not likely he was on 
any of the security cameras. But the guards in the lab room might have 
identified him, if they had survived the blast. 
	"I better not Sasami, Im not actually a policeman. In fact I don't get 
along very well with the police." Aeon said as he took his 
hand out of Sasami's.
	"That's ok, Ryoko didn't get along with the galaxy police either, but she 
and Mihoshi are friends now, well almost. Are you a 
space pirate like Ryoko," Sasami said, looking up at Aeon.
	"Ryoko..." Aeon muttered. He began going over things in his mind, finally 
he realized what was going on. "Oh," he thought to 
himself. "They are her imaginary friends. Mihoshi the galaxy police officer and 
Ryoko the space pirate" 
	"Im something like a space pirate, Sasami." Aeon said, patting her on the 
head.
	"Oh, Im sure you and Ryoko will have a lot to talk about. She's real 
exciting. You'll come meet her right?" Sasami said 
pleadingly.
	Aeon sighed in relent, "Alright Sasami, but only if your sure it would be 
alright with your family, I wouldnt want to be 
an imposition... Oh, one second," Aeon said as he unfastened his holster and 
wrapped it around his calve three times before 
fastening it. He stood up and loaded his pistol, trying to keep Sasami from 
seeing. Then he quickly dropped in into the holster 
and dropped his pant leg over it. "Alright, Im ready Sasami, you wouldn't happen 
to have any doctors at your house would 
you." he asked jokingly.
	"You can ask Washu, Shes the greatest scientist in the world, but Mihoshi 
says she saw her in a nurses uniform. 
And she keeps performing lots of tests on Tenchi," Sasami said as she smiled at 
Aeon again.
	Ryo-ohki started hopping home, with Sasami following him. Aeon followed a 
short distance behind her, still a little 
suspicious of what had been happening. He couldn't put his finger on it, but 
something was wrong. Yet, he figured, like probably 
everyone else in the world, he just couldnt say no to Sasami.
	Aeon looked around warily as he stepped into the Masaki household. He 
glanced at his watch, just in case he was 
wrong about this Mihoshi being in Sasami's imagination. Three in the afternoon. 
Most day beat cops would still be on duty. 
Most night beat cops would be asleep. 
	"Would you like to go ask Washu if she can help with your shoulder, Aeon," 
Sasami asked.	
	Aeon looked down at her. "Uhh sure, Sasami," he said as she led him 
through the house.
	He watched as she led him to the broom closet and knocked on the door.  
This was going from unusual to downright odd.
	A face appeared in the broom closet door, "Oh hello Sasami, come on in. 
Its open."
	Sasami opened the door, and turned to a shocked Aeon. He took a step 
forward and couldn't believe his eyes. He was 
looking into a room that was far larger then the entire the house could possibly 
be. And it was inside the broom closet. He thought 
back to the walk through the house, trying to remember if it had been at an 
easement,  possibly allowing this room to be subterrainian. 
No, it had been perfectly level, as was the ground surrounding the house. He 
slowly stepped inside and allowed himself to absorb it all. 
He was becomming more and more convinced this was some peculiar dream when he 
heard a voice.
	"So what can I help you with, Sasami?"
	He turned to see a young red haired girl turn and get up from a seat that 
levitated, with no signed of suspension. And a 
computer that followed suit. Upon seeing him, a slight look of surprise crossed 
her face. Aeon almost burst out laughing at the 
prospect of his surprising a girl in a room that defied the laws of physics, 
floating on air.
	"Oh, hello Washu. This is Aeon. He was wondering if you could help him 
with something." Sasami said, as she steped 
into the room and stood near Aeon.
	Aeon looked at Washu for a few moments, still trying to absorb the room. 
Finally he remembered why he had come. "Oh, 
uhh, hello Washu, I was wondering if you could help me with something. I have a 
gash in my shoulder, and Sasami said you might 
be able to help with it."
	"Oh is that all?" Washu asked. "That's easy. Ill just use you to try out 
my latest invention. It is a machine that can reproduce 
any type of body cells in a matter of seconds, with only a drop of blood for it 
to gather genetic information from." Washu clasped her 
hands together, but there is one condition.
	"What's that," Aeon managed to say.
	"I'll only help you if you call me, Little Washu."
	"Ok, Can you help me, Little Washu?" Aeon asked, he no longer even thought 
about what he was saying. He had long 
ago decided this had to be a dream, so he was doing whatever seemed to be the 
right thing to do at that moment.
	"Of course," Washu said as she pressed a few keys on her suspended 
computer.
	Four long mechanical arms reached out and took a hold of one of Aeons 
limbs each. Immediately, Aeon began to struggle. 
Dream or not, he was not used to being restrained, particularly when taken by 
surprise. His mind centered on the cold titanium barrel 
that was pressed against his calf. He fought for several minutes before finally 
realizing he had no chance of escaping. He gave up and 
let himself hang from the mechanical arms. His muscles aching from the sudden 
and frantic exertion.
	Washu walked up to him."Your worse then Tenchi. And you asked." Suddenly a 
needle appeared from nowhere and drew a 
small amount of blood from Aeon's neck.
	"Now where is this gash at," Washu asked. 
	Aeon was still panting from his attempts at escape so Sasami answered. 
"Its on his shoulder."
	Washu walked back to her console and pressed a few more keys, and another 
mechanical arm appeared holding a pair of 
scissors. It began cutting Aeon's shirt off as the other four turned him around. 
	Washu looked at the wound and frowned disapprovingly, "You should take 
better care of yourself. This is already getting 
infected. Didnt you even apply some form of disinfectant."
	Aeon lifted his head, only to realize that Washu was behind him now, "I 
havent exactly had a chance to yet. Now what 
exactly is the necessity of these restaints," he said, tugging once more with 
his right wrist, to no avail. 
	Washu smiled, "Oh no reason, its just that my machine hasn't been tested 
yet, and I wanted to be sure I had a cooperative 
subject." Her eyes wandered from his shoulderblade to his back, and she looked 
at his tattoo. "So thats what your names taken from." 
Washu said questioningly.
	"What do you mean," Aeon asked. 
	"You have a tattoo of the Aeon on your back." Washu said.
	Aeon stopped for a moment, he remembered the tattoo on his back, It was 
from a sketch his father had made when he was 
young. It looked alot like the angels found in many western religeons. Except 
that its face was not filled with love. It was filled with 
anger, fury and if you looked deep enough his father said you could see sorrow.  
He remembered the legends he had been taught, 
that the Aeons were the emissaries of gods, the most powerful creations of a 
god. How they were most often used as the violent 
hands of God. They were the angels of death many spoke of.  And he remembered 
how when the gods would often fight battles 
among themselves, the Aeons would be their champions. But eventually Aeons began 
to become self-aware. They somehow had 
become seperate beings. No longer interwoven with their gods. Some began to 
question their gods. Many resented being used as 
pawns for anothers will. The gods were terrified at the idea of a battle with 
the Aeons. So they decided to remove the threat, to 
destroy the Aeon race.
	"Yes, my father named my after the Aeons. And he drew that. But how did 
you know it wasn't just an angel, Little Washu?" 
Aeon asked.
	Washu thought for a second, looking at Aeon with a curious look on her 
face. After a moment she turned back to her 
computer and pressed a few keys. A small mechanical crab descended from the 
ceiling like a spider crawling down a strand of silk. 
It dropped onto Aeons shoulder and began running its claws across the wound at 
incredible speed. Washu looked at Aeon's tattoo 
again, "Its because of the eyes." she said.
	Aeon felt the machine finish and climb back up into the ceiling. He was 
turned around and dropped most unceremoniously 
onto the floor.  He twisted his neck and looked at his shoulder. Unable to 
believe what he saw, he ran his hand over where the wound 
had been. Nothing. Not even a scar remained.
	"Thank you Little Washu," Aeon said as he began rotating his arm, amazed 
that there was no pain whatsoever.
	He walked over to Sasami. "And thank you, little Sasami."  Aeon assumed 
his brain had overloaded or something, because 
this actually didnt seem too wierd anymore. Sure there were animals that don't 
actually exist. Sure their were genius scientist twelve 
year olds. Sure the laws of physics, and most obviously gravity no longer apply. 
But it doesn't matter. "The moment I went completely 
insane actually wasn't as obvious as I thought it would be. For some reason, I 
thought I would hear a Snap," he thought to himself. He 
turned to Washu then back to Sasami. "If there is any way I can repay either of 
you, please let me know". He immediately chided himself, 
"You're in no position to offer favors, you'll be lucky if you arent in jail or 
dead within the next 24 hours," he heard from the back of his mind.


	


	Ryoko let out a yawn, as she sat up. She sat there for a moment, in the 
state of semi-consciousness in which your mind debates 
whether to get up, or lay back down and hope no one misses you. Slowly, she 
began to awake. Then she jumped up with a massive grin 
on her face. "Tenchi must be almost home," she thought, her eyes wide with 
anticipation. Looking around, she felt a feeling of comfort 
come over her. Tenchi's bedroom, she always felt at home here. A grin began to 
turn a little more sinister as she remembered why she 
was here. 
	Ryoko stood on Tenchis bed, clad most scantilly in a small lace nighty. 
Her image shimmered for a moment before dividing into 
two identical copies. "Tenchi would have to be insane to resist me,"she thought 
as she looked at herself. She had seen the nighty in one 
of Tenchi's fathers catalogues. It was pure white,  and covered, well not that 
much to be honest. She admired her form, proudly displayed 
in the delicate lace that adorned her. "Its almost as good as if I were wearing 
nothing at all." She whispered to herself. Her grin got even 
larger. Quickly, she phased back into one body. She phased once more, and a 
bundle of lace fell onto the bed.  She kicked the nighty off 
the bed and phased under Tenchi's covers.
	"Won't Tenchi be surprised," she thought as she tried to fall back asleep.

	



	Aeka walked up to the door to Washu's lab. She gentle tapped on the door. 
	"Its open," Washus face declared.
	Aeka pushed the door open and stepped into Washu's lab. "Washu, you 
haven't seen Sasami anywhere, have you? I'm trying 
to find her."
	Aeka turned a little and saw he sister wave to her. "Oh, there you are 
Sasami, I was wondering..." Ayeka paused as she noticed 
the man standing next to her sister. He had pure white hair, it was long, 
reaching almost to his waist, and falling loosely behind him. His 
face was slender and carved. His eyes were a deep green, and his lips were 
twisted just slightly upward in a nonchalant smile. 
	Aeon leaned down to Sasami, "Is that Ryoko," he asked quietly.
	Aeka's face turned a shade of red previously unknown to the color 
spectrum, as she clenched her fist The sounds of teeth 
grinding together filled the room as a bead of sweat began to form on the back 
of Sasami's head.
	Aeon looked around, wondering what he had said wrong. 
	Suddenly Aeka's furious demeanor changed, she threw her hand in front of 
her mouth and began giggling. "Of course I am not 
that hideous most-wanted criminal." She paused, then dropping her hand 
continued, "I am Aeka, first crown princess of the planet Jurai."
	Aeon stood there a moment, then turning to Sasami asked, "So you two are 
princesses, also?"
	Sasami nodded silently, clearly embarrassed by her sisters behavior.
	Aeon shrugged, "Why not, its not like their being princesses is any 
crazier then anything else that has happened today," he 
thought. Then he nodded to Aeka, "I'm Aeon. It's a pleasure."
	Aeka finally seemed to calm down, "If you don't mind my asking, what is 
your purpose here? You're not another one of 
Washu's expiriments are you?"
	Aeon looked confused, "Expiriments," he said questioningly, looking 
between Aeka and Washu.
	Washu stepped forward, "No he's just a subject of one of my expiriments." 
She grinned slightly, "He'll be staying here for 
a little while while I perform some necessary tests on him."
	Aeon turned to Washu, "Uhh, I will be?" He asked.
	Washu turned to Aeon, "Of course you will be, I can't let you wander off 
until I see if there are any after-effects of my 
new machine."
	Aeon considered for a moment, "I could simply refuse," he considered. But 
he didn't want to be so rude after what they 
had done for him. Besides, assuming this was real, it piqued his curiousity.  
After a few moments in thought, he noticed Aeka was 
looking at him, wanting some kind of verificated. Slowly he nodded, "Yes, I 
guess I will be here for a couple of days." The threat of 
his vulnerability in a place like this had been overshadowed by how utterly 
unbelievable it was.
	"Oh Sasami," Aeka said, looking at her sister, suddenly her face went 
blank and she realized she had forgotten why she 
was looking for Sasami.
	"Yes Aeka," Sasami said.
	Aeka stood there a moment, trying to remember what she had meant to ask 
Sasami. Finally she spoke, "Oh nevermind Sasami."
	Aeon stood for a moment as Aeka excused herself and turned to leave. He 
looked around and caught his reflection in one of 
Washus test tubes. He hadn't noticed before, but he had a thin film of grime was 
left coating him from his nap on the dirt. He turned to Sasami.
	"I dont suppose there is somewhere I could wash up, is there?" He asked.
	Sasami looked up at Aeon. "Oh sure, I'll show you to the baths," she said 
as she walked ahead, with Ryo-ohki hopping behind her.
	"Ok," Aeon said, then turned to Washu. "And thank you Little Washu."
	Washu nodded at him, as he followed Sasami out of her lab. Then an idea 
came to her. She sat down in front of her computer 
and began working. The screen flashing to life. "I wonder if maybe his blood 
sample would have enough genetic material to run the tests 
I need." she thought as she typed on her console.

	Aeon followed Sasami as she led him to the bathroom. She stopped just 
outside and turned to him. He paused, unsure of what 
she was doing.
	"You have to open it," Sasami said. It will take you to the mens bath.
	Aeon shrugged as he stepped forward and slid open the door, revealing the 
bath inside. "Thank you, Sasami" he said as he 
stepped inside.
	"Wait," Sasami said, "I'll go get you some clothes to change into."
	Aeon stopped a second, then nodded as the young girl ran off. He had 
completely forgotten about that. He looked at his 
reflection in a nearby mirror. His pants were covered in dirt, and his shirt was 
probably still lying in rags at Washu's.  He looked at himself 
in the mirror. "Get a grip," he scolded himself silently. 
	After a few minutes he heard Sasami return. She handed him a small pile of 
clothes with a pair of sandals on top. 
	"I hope you like them," She said smiling. "Washu made them especially for 
you."
	Aeon took the pile from her and set it on the edge of the tub. "I'm sure 
they are fine, Sasami. I'll be certain to thank her for them," 
he said as he slid the door closed.
	Aeon began filling a bucket with warm water as he unzipped and removed his 
pants. He unwound the holster from his leg and 
hung it from a hook near the towels. He saw the bucket was full and turned the 
water off. He then started the tub filling and sat on the 
small stool next to it. Picking up a small bottle of liquid soap he squirted 
some into his palm. Setting the soap down he began to wash 
himself, spending a couple minutes just running his hand over his shoulder, 
where a large wound should have been. His mind still hadn't 
accepted that it had been healed so quickly, so whenever his hand would run over 
it, he could feel himself wince. Expecting a pain that 
didnt come. 
	After several minutes of washing himself he rinsed his hands and began 
washing his hair. Finally he reached for the bucket and 
dumped it on himself. 
	"Cold!" he almost shrieked as the icey water ran over him. He shivered for 
a moment as he filled the bucket up again. 
Dumping it on himself he felt his muscles relax a little as the warm water 
helped relieve the shock. Standing up, he put his right 
foot in the tub and leaned over, turning the water off. Slowly he let his body 
descend into the soothing warmth below. His muscles 
tightened and then relaxed as they became accustomed to the heat. The increase 
in blood flow helping to ease the pain that had built 
up in them today. He lay back into the tub, remembering what he could of the 
days events.  His eyes began to force themselves 
shut against his will, and his head fell back against the wall.

	


	"Im home," Tenchi yelled as he put his house sandals on. He walked through 
the kitchen and stepped into the living 
room. He saw Sasami playing a video game with Ryo-Ohki perched atop her head. 
	"Oh hi Tenchi," Sasami said, turning from her game and shutting it off as 
she stood up. "I'll go tell Aeka you're home."
	"Hi Sasami," Tenchi said as the young girl ran up the steps to find her 
sister.
	Tenchi began walking to his room. His legs could barely make each step. 
His PE instructor had made him run laps all 
through gym because he hadn't been paying attention. His mind was crying for 
rest, because he had spent the entire night trying 
to finish some homework he had forgotten about all weekend. He had barely gotten 
a "C" on his physics test. And the kid next to 
him was harassing him because it turns out he had been copying Tenchi and he 
blames him for the grade. Tenchi knew he couldn't take 
another waking hour or he might go insane. "I'll be alright, I just need to get 
a a couple hours sleep before dinner," he muttered as he 
reach for the door to his room.
	"Welcome home, Tenchi"
	Tenchi felt a mixture of grief and joy as he heard the voice behind him. 
He loved Aeka, but he was much to tired at the moment 
to have a conversation about how his day had been going. "Oh hello Aeka." Tenchi 
said, mustering as much of a smile as he could force.
	"So Tenchi, how was school?"
	Tenchi let out an inaudible groan as he thought about how to word his day 
so it didnt sound like he was just complaining.

	



	Aeon blinked his eyes and looked around. Yep, he was still in the bathtub. 
He assumed that meant that what he remembered from 
earlier that day was real too. "Damn, I fell asleep. I wonder how long I've been 
out for," he mumbled as he struggled to his feet and let 
the tub begin to drain. The water was still warm, so it couldnt have been too 
long. He got out and began to dry off. Again he was 
fascinated by the lack of pain in his shoulder. Finally he put the towel down 
and reached for the clothes Sasami had left him.  He quickly 
dressed himself, surprised for a moment that Washu had known his exact sizes. 
After a moment he laughed to himself. 
	"After what I've seen, the fact that she knew my SIZE surprises me?" 
	He stood and admired the outfit in the mirror. It was solid black except 
for a jagged red stripe stretching from the back of each 
wrist to the collar and a small red crab on the left breast. The clothes was 
stretched smooth against his body, made of a material he couldn't 
identify. They felt cool against his skin. He looked at himself in the mirror. 
Slowly he rotated his right arm, watching as the material moved with 
it, as if it were just another layer of skin. He put his arm down and opened the 
door. Turning he picked up his pants and shoes in one hand and 
the sandals Sasami had left in the other. He set the sandals down just outside 
the door and slipped his feet into them before he stepped outside.
	"I should go thank Washu," He thought as he headed towards the closet 
door. 
	As he began walking towards Washu's, something began troubling him. "I 
could swear I was forgetting something." he whispered. 
"Oh yeah, the bathroom door." He started walking back towards the bathroom, but 
he still had a feeling in the back of his mind that he was 
forgetting something.
	"What's my blaster doing in here."
	The voice made something snap inside Aeons head. "Oh shit, I left my gun 
in the bathroom." Dropping his clothes, he began 
running towards the bathroom. He pictured Sasami going to the bathroom to check 
on him, and seeing it was open. He imagined her 
finding the pistol and pretending she was Galaxy Police Officer Mihoshi. He 
could almost see the pink eyed little girl drop it. And a loud 
shot rang though the air. Aeon felt himself spun around and knocked to the 
ground.
	"Wait a minute. That wasn't your imagination. A shot did just ring through 
the air." 
	Aeons mind began spinning, argueing with itself trying to figure out what 
had happened.
	"Alright what could have happened?"
	"Maybe I left the safety off and it fell out and just went off."
	"excuse me"
	"Not likely, that holster was locked, someone must have removed it"
	"umm, excuse me"
	"Ok, but i didn't hear a scream, so probably noone was hurt"
	"Excuse me"
	"Or maybe the shot just killed them"
	"HEY LISTEN UP!"
	"WHAT?"
	"I just thought you might like to know that you've been shot."
	Aeon looked down, sure enough, hed been shot. A small acreage of blood was 
forming on his right side, just above his waist. 
He moved his hand down and pressed it against the wound. He recognized that it 
was only a minor wound. The bullet hadn't hit anything vital. 
He pulled himself to his feet, still slightly dissorriented.
	"Oh no, Are you alright? I didnt mean to, It just went off"
	Aeon looked as the blond woman in front of him started sniffing, "It's 
alright," he began to say
	"I was going to take a bath and I saw that the door was open, and I went 
to close it and I saw the blaster and I thought it was mine 
so I picked it up and looked at it and it wasnt mine but then it went off I dont 
know how because I had dropped it and... and... I'm sorry."
	Aeon looked at the young woman before him who by now was broken down 
crying. A look of utter confusion was on his face. 
He looked at the gun lying on the bathroom floor, then at the woman again, then 
at the wound. It had already stopped bleeding. The woman 
was sobbing uncontrollably.
	Occasionally she would manage to say a broken;"Please don't die", or "I'm 
soo sorry", between sobs.
	"What happened," Tenchi yelled as he saw Mihoshi sitting on the floor 
crying. His eyes moved to the man standing next to her.  
"Who's this."
