This is a fanfiction. Though not appearing in this prologue, many of the 
characters appearing in this story are 
copyrighted by someone other then myself. Pioneer or AIC most likely. This is my 
second fanfic. I learned alot
from my first one. (Primarily that it sucked.) And, I hope that this story will 
not be nearly so rank as my last 
one. (It was really, really bad.) This is placed in the lemon section because 
the story will have sexual content 
in it, though none of it is vulgar. I use it as part of the story, not as a 
purpose for the story. There are no 
Tenchi characters in the prologue, as it is used to introduce you to the 
character I am adding (Aeon). It also is 
a rather intrigal part of the story, so please don't skip it. Don't worry, I 
begin introducing the Tenchi 
characters in Chapter one. (Chapters 1-3 should be up about the same time this 
prologue is.) 
I hope you enjoy this story. I plan on continuing it in the future. So if you 
like it, email me telling me 
to get off my ass and get it done. 
Thanks, S4S



	







	Aeon awoke again, sweat covering his brow. He had been having the same 
nightmare every day for a week now. 
He usually couldn't remember his dreams, not that he wanted to. He never allowed 
himself to show fear during his day, 
so his fears seemed to consume him at night. It seemed as if they were tryng to 
show him that he was not above fear. 
That even if he managed to resist it during the day, it would always be there, 
waiting for him when he closed his eyes. 
	Yet somehow this dream was different. He could remember it as though it 
were a conscious thought and not a 
dream. He shuddered as he saw it. He was trapped in a cave. His men followed 
behind him closely, as the light from his 
torch barely lit the path ahead of them. He heard a scream and turned around to 
see his men disappearing into the 
darkness, as if it were swallowing them up. He dropped the torch and realized 
without willing it he was running. He 
tore deeper and deeper into the cave, sure that if he stopped even for a moment, 
the darkness would consume him 
as well.
	Finally he came to a cavern, he paused as he slowly entered the room. He 
looked around at the walls and 
ceiling dimly lit by a faint glow emanating from the center of the room. Slowly 
the light faded out, leaving him 
standing in the darkness. He eyes searched, convinced that he would be safe if 
he could only find a light. Something
 he could focus on. Finally he saw it, two small glowing orbs piercing through 
the darkness. The Feline eyes glowed a 
brilliant amber, and he saw a glint as set of ferocious teeth flash from beneath 
them. Suddenly, his fear of the 
darkness lurking outside the cavern was gone as one though flashed through his 
mind. "Run or die."
	He tore off, heading back through the cave, not sure whether he was 
heading out of or deeper into its 
recesses. He could feel his legs begin to betray him, crying out for oxygen 
which his short labored breaths couldn't 
hope to provide. Finally, his legs gave out. Collapsing to the hard, cold, stone 
floor of the cave, he felt the wind 
ripped from his chest. As he lay there, gasping for air, like a fish cast onto 
the bank, his mind shrieked at him, "Run 
or Die." He heard a footstep behind him, and without turning he already knew 
what it was. The pools of amber eyed 
him with sadaistic glee, as a rough tongue scraped across the vicious teeth. He 
drew in a last gasp as he braced himself 
for the killing blow.
	"And then I'd wake up," Aeon muttered. "Every Goddamn night for the past 
week." He crawled out of bed, 
throwing a shirt on. the tight black cotton stretched over the muscles of his 
back as it covered the elaborate angel 
coving it, its wings spread, its eyes burning as he glared with a look of utter 
indignation . He felt a sting in his lower 
back as he rough cotton rubbed against it. He remembered finally getting the 
tattoo finished the night before. It made 
him remember his father. 
	It had been ten years since his father had died. They found him in his 
cell, his throat and wrists slashed. The 
doctors had been puzzled. The cuts were clean, but there was no way he could 
have gotten any blades into his room. 
The patients weren't even allowed to use forks. And no weapons had been found 
either. Even more puzzling was they 
had no idea what had caused such a rapid degeneration. He had been commited only 
three days before. Aeon could 
remember when they dragged his father off. He had been screaming as they tore 
his son from his arms. Something about
having to protect him. That they would kill him. That it was almost time. 
	His father had always been a quiet man, a strong man. He had also had 
horribly nightmares. Aeon could remember 
many times when he woul hear his fathers howls in the night, when he would see 
his father in the morning, his eyes racked 
with sorrow. He remembered his father teaching him how to fight with a sword 
when he was six. His lessons continued until 
the day his father had been taken away.
	He remembered his funeral, The priest and a nurse had been the only ones 
there besides him. And the nurse was 
only there because she had brought him. He had stood there as the priest read 
words he had read a hundred times before. 
Not even knowing the man he was speaking of. Aeon remembered thinking spitefully 
of how nice it was, that after they had 
killed his father, the hospital would bury him, and even take his son to watch 
his mortal remains being reduced to nothing 
more then dirt... Because of them.
	Aeon shook himself out of it, "I probably should have left the bandage on 
overnight, at least," he thought as he 
pulled a pair of black jeans on over his boxers. He reached over to the 
nighstand by his bed and grabbed his watch and his 
cell phone. He wrapped his watch around his wrist as he headed to the closet. A 
cold, mechanical voice sounded, "It is now 
Three A.M... It is now Three A.M.". Aeon reached down and shut off the alarm. If 
there was one thing he didnt need any help 
doing lately, that was getting up.  He grabbed a long trench coat out of the 
closet and put it on. Reaching into the left breast 
pocket, he pulled out a pair of dark sunglasses, then he walked over to his 
dresser. Reaching into the top drawer, he pulled 
out ten .110 rounds and slipped them one by one into the right breast of his 
jacket. He closed the drawer before picking up 
a black leather briefcase and walking out the door.
He walked through the deserted hotel, for once glad for the hours he worked. The 
less people to identify him, the easier 
his life would be. He passed the doorman, who nodded to him. "Barely awake," 
Aeon thought, "Good, all he'll remember 
is the coat. Probably assumes i'm just another businessman on his way back home 
from a business trip." He smiled as he 
approached the curb, handing the valet a small ticket. "The black Ferrari," he 
said as the bus boy hurried off to get the keys 
and fetch his car. Aeon admired his hustle. He liked it when people were smart 
enough to see opportunity, even if it was 
only for a decent tip.
	The sleek car pulled up in front of him, Aeon took the keys from the boy 
and handed him a neatly folded up bill from 
his side pocket. "Thanks, kid," he said as he climbed into the car.
	"Thank YOU, sir," the boy exclaimed, cramming the bill unceremoniously 
into his pocket, as he watched the car drive 
away. 
	Aeon smiled as he pulled out onto the freeway. So far there hadn't been 
any problems. he didnt like the Idea of carrying 
this kind of weaponry around in a country with a ban on guns. In America, he 
could say he was special op's, toss a phony badge 
around and the cops would leave him alone. Not in Japan. Here if someone was to 
notice a man with a sniper rifle in his coat, there 
would be a bloodbath. Aeon didnt like killing cops, any more then he liked 
killing civilians. But he was always prepared to do what 
was necessary.
He pressed his hand against the altered automatic pistol he had against his left 
side and whispered to himself the last coherant 
words his father had told him. "Don't ever let them take you alive." It had 
become a code for him and his men. No matter what, 
they would never surrender.
	After about two hours Aeon turned off his headlights and veered off the 
road, onto a narrow dirt trail carved through 
the trees, barely wide enough for his car to pass through. He continued driving, 
untill he reached a cliff overlooking what looked 
like an office building. He stopped the car and got out. He walked to the edge 
of the cliff and set his briefcase down.  He looked at 
the building, considering that nothing about it would draw attention to itself 
besides it location. He had seen the blueprints, but still 
he expected it to look more like a mad scientists laboratory, then just another 
office building.
	Taking off his jacket, he spread it out on the ground, and checked his 
watch. Two hours until dawn, they would have to 
hurry. He pulled a holster from the jacket and attacked it to his waist. Picking 
the pistol up he checked the clip, a full thirty rounds. 
He smiled as he placed it in the holster. Lifting two pieces of the collapsed 
sniper rifle, he began putting it together, piece after piece. 
Finally, he screwed on the scope, and checking its alignment he set the rifle 
down.  He reached again and pulled from the jacket two 
of the .110 rounds he had placed there this morning and began loading them into 
the empty clip he had attatched to the rifle. 
	Aeon laid down in the grass with the rifle in hand. Again he checked to 
scope, and finally placed the crosshairs on the 
doors to the building. There were two guards just as he had been told. Armed 
with what looked like automatic rifles.
	Aeon heard a rustling behind him. "You're late" he muttered as he placed 
the crosshairs on the first guard.
	"We had to find the place, its hard in these woods without any lights," 
one of the men said as he lay down next to 
Aeon. The others quickly followed suit. "What about the..." the man started.
	"The choppers are over there," he said pointing to there left at a 
clearing about two hundred yards outside the building. 
"They are covered with a como tent, and ready to fly. Mike, take care of the 
car."
	One of the men crawled back a few yards then walked to the ferrari and 
pulled a small box out of his  jacket. He punched 
a few keys and tossed it into the car, then returned to the others. "We got one 
hour," he said looking at Aeon.
	Two shots rang through the air, and the two guards fell to the ground. 
Aeon stood up, and strapped the briefcase to a 
hook at his waist. "Lets go."
	The men followed Aeon as threw a rope around a large tree, and began 
descending the cliff. As they reached the bottom 
they gathered, with their backs against the cliff. Aeon watched the security 
camera as it rotated, watching the area before the doors. 
One by one, the men timed its rotation and ran to the building, pressing their 
backs against the wall. Finally Aeon ran up to it. 
	One of the men nodded to Aeon and walked to the electrical lock. He took a 
small torch out and slowly began cutting 
away the face of the keypad. After a minute or so, the faceplate fell of. The 
man took a small screwdriver from his jacket and began 
seperating the wires, following them to their sources. Finally, he found what 
his was looking for. Severing the wire with a small 
penknife, he pulled a small circuit board from his jacket and twisted the 
severed wire, to a stripped wire protruding from the board. 
With a smile of satisfaction, he nodded to the others as  the doors opened and 
the camera stopped rotating.
	They all ran in, and headed straight up the steps, On the seventh floor 
they found what they were looking for. Aeon read the 
plate on the door, Top secret. Authorized personel only. Classified  CC7.  He 
looked at the lock. "Damnit," he whispered. "A Retinal 
password." He put the briefcase down again. Reaching inside he pulled a small 
bundle out and rested it on top of the retinal scanner. 
He and his men backed up as he drew his pistol from his holster and took aim. 
	The floor shook slightly as he shot the pack of High explosives. And the 
door was blown into the room. "Damn," he smiled 
"I'd forgotten how well those worked".  He put the pistol back into its holster. 
Without waiting for the smoke to clear, the men ran into 
the room. Their objective was clear. They were to find this supposed wormhole 
generator, and observe as much as possible of its operation. 
Then they had two options, they could either steal the device and its plans, or 
destroy it and take only the plans.
	"Ive found the log," one of the men shouted as he thumbed through some 
paper. "Heres yesterdays..." the man began to read, 
"April 11: We sent a lab chimp through the wormhole, he came out the other side. 
But all life functions had ceased. According to the 
security videos, our location calibrations were about 30 feet off. As a result, 
he fell to the concrete and his skull was crushed.  We were 
unable to determine whether life functions had ceased during transmission or due 
to his fall... Wow poor monkey."
	"I found it, back here. Heres the console," Aeon turned to the tall skinny 
man who was busy typing at a console. "Ill try 
to power it up."
	"Goddamn look at that thing!," one of the men said as he looked at the 
massive loops stretching from the floor to the roof, 
a distance of a good 30 feet.
	"Good work, Smiths," Aeon said as he walked towards the machine. "Will we 
be able to load it on a chopper?"
	"Negative, Aeon. The things built into the floor. We don't have time to 
cut it out. Even if we did, I don't know what the fuck 
those things are made of," he said gesturing to the metallic loops just behind 
the console. "They could theoretically weigh several 
tons each." He paused, typing  rapidly into the console. Ok, I think its ready. 
How about I set it up to take you to the choppers, I think 
I understand the spatial measurements." He paused again as he entered a several 
numbers into the console. Then he continued, "Let's 
see what time should i put?... Oh good, nevermind they have a "present" option." 
He paused, "Hey Aeon, what should I put for 
dimensional adjustment variable?"
	Aeon looked up from a stack of papers he had been leafing through. "You're 
crazy if you think im getting into that thing, 
Smiths. So you can put your birthday for all I care."
	The man laughed. "It's a yes or no question, I guess its the option to 
enable a variable they havent implemented yet or 
something.
	Aeon looked at him, "What does that mean?"
	"I'd guess it means that if I enable it, the variable will be determined 
randomly from a set of infinite possible numbers."
	"Then enable it. I always like surprises... wait a minute... computers 
can't comprehend the idea of infinite, they can only 
process within set boundaries." Aeon said questioningly, as he approached the 
console to see what Smiths was doing.
	"Well to be fair, computers can't send people through time and space 
either," Smiths said, as he selected "Yes" on the 
screen. The computer whirred to life and a small shock of  electricity between 
the hoops which slowly spread to create what looked 
like a huge tunnel in the room. It filled the room with a brilliant white glow. 
Aeon and Smiths stared at it in awe. Neither able to 
say a word. Finally they snapped out of it when they heard a voice.
	"What the fuck is that... Hey Aeon, What..."
	The mans voice was cut off as the room erupted into gunfire. Instinctively 
Aeon dove behind the console, pulling 
Smiths with him. Aeon drew the pistol from its holster and stood up, firing two 
shots before falling back behind the console. 
"Theres about five guys with machine guns just outside the door. What kind of 
security guards carry around fucking machine 
guns?" He tightened his grip on the suitcase in his hand. Everyone but him and 
Smiths were dead. He still had four packs of 
explosives. "Could this console shield the blast," he wondered. Then he 
remembered the armored door only a few minutes ago. 
"Not a chance," he realized.
	Smiths looked at him, "Why arent they firing," he asked. 
	Aeon froze for a second, thinking. "Probably don't want to hit the 
console, if you buy that much protection for something 
you sure as hell aren't gonna let them just blow it up," Aeon answered.
	Smiths pulled a grenade from his jacket, and flipped the pin. He 
immediately Stood up and turned around to throw it. 	
	Aeon didn't see Smiths fall to the ground, blood spilling out from the 
wound between his eyes. He didnt see the five 
guards outside the door with machine guns. He didn't see the three guards 
inching closer to the console, pistols drawn. All he 
saw was the hand grenade fall between his legs and rest gently against his 
crotch. One thing flashed in his mind... "Smiths puts 
a three second fuse on all his hand grenades." Instantly, he jumped up and dove 
into the wormhole in front of him, as the heat 
from the hand grenade reinvited the pain from his lower back.
