	Aeon was a killer, coldblooded and methodical most would say. But he did 
have his own sense of right and wrong, twisted though it may have been. He 
killed because it was mearly an action to him, it came to him as naturally as 
one might open an umbrella in the rain. He never allowed himself to show any 
degree of emotion. In his line of work you simply couldn't if you expected to 
live very long. He lived constantly tormented by a lifetime of pain. 
	He denied himself the weakness of feeling. It presented a vulnerability he 
refused to allow. Thus he ignored his humanity and 
all that it entailed. But he longed for the humanity that he could not have. He 
looked at emotion as if it were an entity you could have 
before you, to feel and experience or ignore as you choose. And though he could 
not feel such things, he found a small comfort in 
being around others, in comforting them. As if looking in from the outside. Like 
a child watching a roaring fireplace through a window, 
he could swear that he could just barely feel the warmth. 
	Aeon looked at the young girl in front of him. She was crying, her body 
shivering. Slowly he kneeled down and put his hand 
on her shoulder. He leaned forward slightly watched as her crying calmed and 
eventually was reduced to a mere whimper.
	"It's alright, I'm fine." He said softly to her.
	She looked up at him, "Are you sure I didn't kill you?"
	A bead of sweat began to form on the back of Aeon's head. He paused a 
second, "Yes, I'm positive, It's barely a scratch."
	The girl sniffed and whispered "Im sorry, I didn't mean to. It just went 
off."
	Aeon couldn't remember the last time someone had apoligized to him, he 
wasn't exactly sure what to do. After considering 
it a moment, he stood up and extended his hand to the girl.
	The girl looked up at him and placed her hand in his. Aeon helped her to 
her feet and turned as heard a voice behind him.
	"Mihoshi are you ok?"
	Aeon watched as the young blond ran to the boy and threw her arms around 
him.
	"Oh Tenchi, I was so scared, I thought he was dead." 
	Aeka began gritting her teeth at the sight of Tenchi holding Mihoshi like 
that. She joked over the idea of shooting that man 
herself to get Tenchi to hold her. He had called her Ryoko after all.  She let 
out a cough to get Mihoshi's attention.
	"Mihoshi, Why don't you tell us what happened," she suggested as she 
struggled to keep from prying Mihoshi's arms off 
of Tenchi herself.
	Mihoshi reluctantly let go of Tenchi and stepped back. She stood for a 
moment, looking at Aeon. 
	Finally Aeon began to speak. "There was an accident with my pistol. I was 
grazed. She was afraid the wound was more 
serious."
	Aeka looked at Aeon accusingly, "Your pistol?" she asked.
	Aeon walked over to where his pistol lay. He picked it up, removed the 
clip and the bullet from the barrel, then showed it to 
Aeka. 
	"Oh a blaster, are you with the galaxy police also?" Aeka asked.
	Aeon began to respond, but Sasami cut him off.
	"No Aeon is a space pirate, like Ryoko." 
	Aeka looked at her sister then back at him. The clothes he was wearing now 
did actually look alot like Ryoko's battle suit 
now that she thought of it. "I should have known," she muttered.
	Sasami looked up at her, "What, Aeka?"
	Aeka felt a little sweat begin to form, "Oh nothing Sasami." She turned to 
Aeon again, "So if you're a space pirate, what are 
you doing here? Coming to wisk Ryoko away?" She asked, not even trying to hide 
the tinge of hope in her voice.
	"Well actually, I'm not exactly a space pirate, more of a mercenary 
actually. And I'm afraid I've never met this Ryoko." Aeon 
answered. He was beginning to remember that he had been shot, and fatal or not, 
he still would like to go clean it, at least.
	Sasami looked at him, "What's a mercenary, Aeon."
	Aeon turned to Sasami, trying to think of a nicer way of putting it then 
that he was a hired killer. "Well, a mercenary is 
someone people hire to do their dirty work for them," He finally said.
	"Oh so you are like Ryoko"
	Aeon thought for a moment then asked, "How do you mean, Sasami?"
	"Well, Aeka told me that Ryoko does dirty things to people for a 
pri..mmph" Sasami was cut off as Aeka put her hand over 
her mouth.
	Aeon fought the urge to break out laughing. Just seeing the way Sasami had 
said that, so innocently, clearly not fully aware 
of the insinuations. 
	"Now that I think of it, I just might know this Ryoko after all," Aeon 
said,scratching his chin as if trying to remember.
	Aeka stepped back, her hand falling away from Sasami as she looked at Aeon 
with a look of utter disgust. 
	Seeing Aeka's face, Aeon couldn't help it anymore. His thoughtful demeanor 
twisted into a sadistic smile as he began 
laughing out loud. Even the pain in his side couldn't stop him as he stood there 
laughing.
	"Whats so funny?" Sasami asked.
	Aeon stopped laughing and drew a deep breath, the grin on his face 
betraying his joke. He looked at Sasami. "Sorry Sasami, 
It was just, the look on your sisters face. I just... nothing really."  
	Aeon saw a quick flash of anger on Aeka's face, but she quickly turned to 
Tenchi with a look of concern. Hoping that he 
wasn't angry with her. "After all," she thought to herself, "I was only stating 
a fact when I called her that" "Why did Sasami have to 
overhear me," she thought as she remembered Sasami innocently asking her what 
the word she had called Ryoko had meant.  
	"Thank God," she whispered in relief when she saw that Tenchi was still 
staring at Aeon, apparently oblivious to what Sasami 
had said.
	"If you don't mind my asking, just who are you?"
	Aeon looked at Tenchi for a moment, then he remembered he hadn't 
introduced himself yet. 	
	"Oh excuse my rudeness, I am Aeon. To be perfectly honest I can't explain 
what I'm doing here. I think I'm helping Little Washu 
with an experiment, or she's helping me. To tell you the truth I'm not exactly 
sure."
	"Oh, you know Washu?" Tenchi asked, still a little intimidated by the man 
before him. His hair reminded him of someone, but he 
wasn't quite sure who.
	"Well, we met briefly. She's quite an unusual little girl."
	Tenchi nodded, he found it kind of odd hearing Washu refered to as a 
little girl.
	"Oh, now I know where I saw you!" Mihoshi suddenly exclaimed.
	Aeon turned to her, he began to worry, "Yes, she is the cop Sasami had 
told me about. Damnit, she would be able to identify 
me," he thought. He checked, everyone was looking at Mihoshi, waiting for her to 
continue. She was staring off into space, lost in 
thought he guessed. Gently he slid the clip back into his gun, wincing at the 
gentle click as it locked into place. "twenty-five shots left, 
and the bullet from the barrel in my hand" crossed his mind as he tried to 
figure a way out. Tenchi, Sasami, and Aeka, he was fairly 
certain were unarmed. He didn't see a gun on Mihoshi. "Maybe she doesnt wear it 
when she's off duty," he hoped. But he knew alot 
of cops who always had a hidden weapon, Always. The color had draned from his 
face, and he waited in silence, knowing that what 
Mihoshi said next could determine his course of action.
	Mihoshi suddenly looked at him, a huge smile on her face. "You're Dr. 
Menace from Space Police Policemen. Oh you're mean."
	Aeka, Sasami and Tenchi face-faulted. Aeon stood there, not sure what to 
do.
	"You must be kidding me. She thinks I'm some kind of a comic book 
villian?" He whispered.
	"A children's cartoon show, actually." Aeka muttered.
	Everyone watched as Mihoshi jumped around excitedly. 
	"Oh I can't believe I'm actually meeting you! Oh I can't believe it! Can I 
have your autograph?" After a minute of this, Mihoshi 
stopped, a puzzled look on her face. "Wait a minute? didn't Captain Righteous 
imprison you in a stasis cell for eternity? And weren't your 
eyes red too?"
	Aeon just stood there, looking bewildered. "She thinks I'm a cartoon," he 
thought.
	"Sorry Mihoshi, but he isn't Dr. Menace." 
	"But he has the same hair, and hes tall like Dr. Menace was."
	"Just trust me Mihoshi, he isn't"
	Washu walked up to Aeon and looked at his wound. "Hmm, something's wrong 
here. This should have been repaired by now."
	"What do you mean?" Aeon asked, looking down at Washu.
	"What I mean is, that this suit is a compact version of my tissue repair 
device. Oh here the problem is, you didn't turn it on." Washu 
said as she reached up and pressed the crab imprint on the left breast of the 
suit.
	Aeon stood there a second while Washu watched. After a moment she pulled 
his shirt up and looked at where the wound had been. 
	"That's better," she said. "Now try to remember to turn it on next time, 
ok?"
	Aeon nodded silently, as he pressed against the place where he had been 
shot. "It's Gone" he realized. The wound was healed already. 
His shirt had healed a bullet wound in a matter of seconds. He looked at Washu 
again, and suddenly remembered where he had been heading 
when this had all happened.
	"I wanted to thank you for the clothes Washu. I appreciate it. I was 
wondering one thing though, How did you know my size?"
	Washu grinned at him, "You'd be surprised what a scientific genius can do 
with a blood sample these days Aeon." She paused a 
moment and lifted a hand, "Age, 20 years" "height, 185 centimeters", "weight 80 
kilograms", "Favorite food, whiskey "Favorite color, red", 
"Favorite animal, wolf", "Favorite instrument, the guitar", "Favorite author, 
Shakespeare", "Turnons include; romantic music, agressive 
women, thunderstorms" "Favorite part of a woman..." Washu paused, a big grin on 
her face. 
	"I think I understand, Washu." Aeon said hastily.
	"Ohh, but I didnt get to finish. Wanna know what surprised me the most?" 
Washu asked mischieviously.
	"I don't think so, Washu." Aeon hesitated. "Thank you, though. You are 
quite the genius."
	"Washu's smile grew as she heard the words of praise."
	Sasami looked at Aeon, "What's whiskey?"

	Ryoko let out a loud yawn as she stretched. She looked at Tenchi's clock. 
The large red digits flashed in her eyes "6:00". She sighed, 
Tenchi usually came into his bedroom and started his homework as soon as he got 
home from school. Had he come in and seeing her, left? 
She looked around, everything was as it had been before. The papers on he desk 
hadn't so much as moved. Ryoko phased out of bed and 
into a long dress with thick stripes of blue and tan crossing its length. 
Opening the door, she stepped into the hallway and almost tripped 
over Tenchi's backpack. "Damn, he was so close." she muttered as turned and 
headed downstairs.
	As she reached the bottom of the steps she found Aeka and Mihoshi sitting 
on the couch watching a soap opera. She looked at 
the television and sighed. She had watched a couple episodes with Aeka before, 
but quickly grew tired of the same warmed over storylines. 
Turning away she walked into the kitchen. The smell of boiling stock filled the 
air and she sniffed at it. Since her fusion with Zero, she had 
gained the ability to taste, and she had learned to appreciate Sasami's 
excellent cooking a little more. 
	"It smells good Sasami, By the way, have you seen Tenchi? He isn't in 
his..." Ryoko stopped, she looked at the man as he finished 
chopping and turned to great her.
	"Sasami will be right back, she just needed to get some more carrots." The 
man smiled at Ryoko. "Oh, we haven't met. I'm Aeon." 
	Ryoko looked at him, His features were differant then most of the humans 
she had met. His face was slimmer and his features finer.  
After a moment she noticed his clothes, They bore a striking resemblance to her 
combat outfit. Finally, she spoke, "Ryoko".
	"So you're Ryoko, Ive heard a lot about you." He noticed her looking at 
his clothes. "You like the outfit," he asked. "Little Washu 
made it for me."
	"Oh, hi Ryoko, dinner will be ready in a little while." Sasami said as she 
entered the kitchen carrying a basket of carrots. Ryo-ohki 
followed close behind, happily carrying a large carrot in her mouth.
	"Let me help you with that," Aeon said, taking the basket from Sasami and 
setting it down on the counter.
	He turned to Ryoko, "Oh and Ryoko, I think Tenchi's in the lab with 
Washu." 
	Ryoko nodded. She watched Aeon and Sasami continue cooking for a moment 
before she remembered what Aeon had said, 
"...Tenchi's in the lab with Washu". 
	"She had better not be doing what I think she's doing." Ryoko thought as 
she phased to the door to Washu's lab. Shoving it 
open and running inside. She looked around, expecting to see a bound and 
stripped Tenchi, suspended by Washu's restraints. After a 
moment of looking, she let out a sigh of relief when she saw Tenchi wasn't 
there. 
	Washu turned around and saw Ryoko. "Oh hi little Ryoko, If you're looking 
for Tenchi, he went to take a bath before dinner. 
	Turning back to Mihoshi she pointed to a picture on the left side of the 
screen. "Now see, This is Dr. Menace."
	Mihoshi nodded.
	Pointing to the right side of the screen, Washu continued. "Now this is 
Aeon. Notice the fact that he is not a cartoon. Also notice 
that he has a right hand and Not a hook. Do you understand now."
	Mihoshi looked thoughtfully at the two images on the screen as Ryoko 
turned to leave. She wasn't going to ask what that was about. 
	Ryoko stepped out of Washu's lab just as Tenchi was starting to climb the 
steps. 
	Flying up to him she threw her arms around him and whispered pleadingly in 
his ear, "I was sooo lonely without you. I waited for 
you all day."
	Tenchi tried to pull away from Ryoko, but she held tight. "Oh, hello 
Ryoko." He managed to say, as  she held on to him. 
	"Miss Ryoko, You let Tenchi go this Instant!" 
	Ryoko let Tenchi go as she turned to see the princess of Jurai, hands on 
hips a look of rage on her face. "Like you haven't been 
fawning all over him, since the minute he got home, princess." Ryoko said, the 
word princess spoken heavy with sarcasm. Meanwhile, 
Tenchi had hurried up to his room. He didn't wan't to be around if a fight broke 
out between the two. Besides, he had to get started on his 
homework before dinner. 
	"I am not like you," Aeka hissed at Ryoko. "Besides, I and Tenchi have so 
much more in common. Why don't you go throw yourself 
at that criminal Washu's been studying. I'm sure you two will get along just 
fine. What with both of you being criminal trash and all."
	"Tenchi and I."
	"What." Aeka asked angrily, turning to see who was interrupting her and 
Ryoko. She froze, her face turning beet red.
	Aeon continued. "You have your subjects reversed, the proper way to say 
that would have been... 'Besides, Tenchi and I have 
much more in common.' Oh yes, and dinner is ready." He walked past Aeka and 
Ryoko and knocked on Washu's door. Opening it, he 
stepped inside.
	"Hello Washu, I came to tell you dinners ready. Were you able to sort 
things out with Mihoshi."
	Washu nodded. "It wasn't easy, but I was finally able to convince her that 
you couldn't be Dr Menace, because if you were, 
the bullet would have ricocheted off of you." 
	Aeon watched as Mihoshi walked up to him. The thought crossed his mind 
that he may be in danger of Mihoshi wanting to 
verify that bullets indeed didnt ricotchet off him. But she stopped a few feet 
away.
	"Yep, he's not Dr. Menace, His eyes aren't as mean."
	Washu clenched her fist. and growled quietly, "You mean I spent an hour 
trying to explain this to her, because she didn't look 
closely enough at his eyes."
	Aeon felt somewhat sorry for Washu, as she stood up and walked up to them. 
	"Alright, lets eat. I'm starving." Washu said as the three left the lab.
	"Me too" Mihoshi announced.
	Aeon was silent as they walked to the dinner table. He looked at Washu. 
There was something strange about her. Besides the 
fact that she was a scientific genius with technology not known to man yet. He 
could swear that she was studying his every move. He felt 
as if she were measuring him up, as one might observe an opponent before a 
battle. He silently cursed at himself for thinking like that. After 
all, she had shown him nothing but kindness, and had helped him however she 
could in the short time he had known her. But still, a saying 
he had heard many times during his life kept whispering in his ear. "Keep your 
friends close, and your enemies even closer." He remembered 
how she had declared that he would be staying there, as if he had no say in the 
matter. He looked at the suit he was wearing, remembering how 
amazed he had been both times she had healed him as if it were nothing. "If she 
had wanted me dead, she could have killed me a hundred times 
over by now," he thought to himself. As they neared the dining room he pushed 
these thoughts out of his mind.

	Aeon walked into the dining room and looked around.  Tenchi was sitting on 
one side of the table, surrounded by Aeka and Ryoko. 
Washu and Mihoshi took seats across from them as Sasami brought the food to the 
table. Aeon looked at the table, and began to take his seat 
next to Washu.
	"Oh Aeon, I was wondering if you could help me bring the stew in?"
	Aeon silently chided himself for being so rude. After they had prepared 
that large pot of stew he had expected little Sasami to carry it. 
"Oh sure Sasami, sorry about that. I completely forgot." He said as he stood 
again and followed Sasami into the kitchen. 
	Aeka looked away from Tenchi for a moment, and she could swear Washu was 
looking at her accusingly. She thought for a moment if 
maybe Washu had overheard her also. "No," She assured herself. "She's probably 
just concerned about some experiment of hers." 
	She thought for a moment. "What I did was cruel, to speak with such spite 
for him, when he hadn't really done anything to me."
	Another voice inside here responded, "Why? You say far worse things not 
only about Ryoko, but too her as well."
	"But he never wronged me."
	"But he is criminal trash just like you said, whats wrong in stating a 
fact as a fact? You shouldn't even let people like him around Sasami, 
no telling what sort of bad influences he's having on her." A picture flashed 
through Aeka's mind of an older Sasami, he hair spiked like Ryoko's 
wearing one of Ryoko's sleazy outfits, a wicked grin on her face.
	"Alright, lets eat." Ryoko declared as she began serving herself.
	Aeka watched as Sasami and Aeon took their seats. "I'll apologize after 
dinner," she promised herself as Tenchi handed her the rice.
	Aeon inhaled deeply, letting the rich aroma fill his lungs. He felt as 
though he hadn't eaten in days. "My god, Sasami is an amazing cook." 
he thought as he looked at the food before him. He watched as the others served 
themselves. He wasn't fully aware of the customs here, and didn't 
want to act rudely. An inaudible laugh passed his lips "Since when do I concern 
myself with manners." he wondered.
	Aeon noticed a plate slid in front of him, it was piled with an assortment 
of Sasami's preparations.
	"Eat up Aeon, you'll need your strength for tonight." Washu said as she 
pushed the plate before him.
	Aeon noticed a sly smile on Washu's face and detected a hint of mischief 
in her voice. He thought for a moment what she had meant, then 
noticed that Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka were all staring at him, looks of shock on 
their faces. They all turned simultaniously to look at Washu, then 
back to him, then back to Washu. This repeated several times before he heard 
Washu speak again.
	"You'll need every ounce of it for all the expiriments I plan on doing on 
you. Tested the durability of my synthetic tissue under stress and 
the like." Washu smiled at the three across from her, satisfied with the results 
of her joke.
	"Uhh, sure. But if its alright with you, would you mind if I postponed 
until tomorrow? I doubt I would last long enough to sufficiently test 
the tissue. I've had quite a day."
	Washu looked at him, with a dejected look on her face. "I guess so. But 
you had better get a good nights sleep. I dont like unwilling 
subjects."
	Aeon noticed her voice turn a tad threatening on the last statement and 
wondered if she had meant it to. He nodded as he took a bite 
from his plate.
	The meal passed rather uneventfully.  Ryoko and Aeka had a few minor 
confrontations, but nothing more then a few threatening glances.  
Aeon ate in silence.  After a while he saw Washu lean over to him.
	"I'll go find somewhere you can stay in. I trust you dont mind sleeping in 
an alternate dimension?"
	Aeon shook his head gently.
	Washu stood, "Thank you for the meal Sasami, It was excellent."
	"Oh your welcome Washu. You should thank Aeon too. He helped me make it."
	Aeon looked up, "You give me too much credit, Sasami. I only helped with 
the chopping really."
	"Don't worry Sasami, I will." Washu told Sasami before leaving and heading 
to her lab.
	Aeon quickly finished his meal. He stood up and thanked Sasami. Then 
excused himself and headed towards Washu's lab. Stopping 
as he reached the door he raised his hand to knock then hesitated. He hadn't 
been alone with Washu yet. He could swear she had been 
watching him all through dinner. He had overheard Washu telling Sasami that she 
would thank him later. He thought for a moment, 
wondering if she had meant what it sounded like she had meant. He paused, 
remembering how Washu had grinned when she had been 
reading the rather personal aspects of his personality. Now Washu was cute, 
there was no doubt. But he wasn't exactly attracted to little 
girls. He felt angry with himself for even thinking about such a thing. The one 
think he could not stand above anything else was the abuse 
of innocence. And though he had never considered it, the mere thought of it made 
him outraged with himself.
	"She's just a little girl," his mind told him "Of course she didn't mean 
that. She was probably just having some fun with you. Trying 
to see how you would react." Aeon nodded, agreeing for the moment. 
	Another voice answered back, "Still, what if she wasn't joking. Unlikely 
as it may be. What if that is what she really expects of you. 
Your no fool, you really couldn't do much to resist her." Aeon rubbed his arms, 
the soreness from his futile efforts to escape her restaints 
suddenly crossed his mind. "And you would never forgive yourself if anything 
happened." 	
	The first voice replied. "This is nonsense, Aeon. Stop thinking like such 
a hentai. She's a little girl. Barely half your age. Her mind 
isn't nearly as sick as yours. Just go and ask her if she needs any help. She is 
preparing a room for you after all."
	Aeon nodded again. But he couldn't bring himself to knock on the door. 
Slowly he stepped back. He looked over his shoulder 
at the front door. "I guess I'll go for a walk." he muttered as he stepped 
outside.
Looking around, he decided to walk through the woods. He began heading towards 
them, his mind wandering through what he remembered 
of his day. After a minute or so, he remembered the morning. He remembered the 
building in the middle of nowhere. Picturing the wormhole 
in his mind he remembered the ambush. He remembered jumping through it. But he 
saw it as if it were mearly an image. As if he were watching 
anothers actions. One who only looked like him. This world seemed real to him 
now. Even all the unbelievable things he had seen were 
beginning to seem normal to him. It was as though he had existed in this world 
always. And his life before was nothing more then a dream. 
He felt a light sting in his back. Awakening him. "No, that wasn't just a dream, 
not anymore then this world is," he realized.
	Aeon paused and looked at the sky. It was just beginning to get dark. He 
guessed he had been walking about thirty minutes or so. He 
inhaled deeply and looked at the stars. His mind began to dream, though he were 
still awake. He saw images of the past. Pictured his father had 
created, brought to life. The angels, the aeons locked in battle. His mind 
wandered back to his father. He remembered the way his father had raised 
him. He had taught him all he needed to know to survive. He saw the look on his 
fathers face as he was tore from his arms. A look of anger, of 
desperation, of fear. 
	A twig snapped behind Aeon, pulling him from his dream. He swung around, 
his hand resting on his pistol.
	"Oh, Aeka It's only you," he said relaxing his arm. 
	The young purple haired princess reaxed as she saw his hand move. She knew 
a blaster couldn't get through her shield. But he had 
given her quite a surprise. 
	"I didn't know you were following me," Aeon said, looking back up at the 
stars.
	Aeka looked at him, staring into the night sky. For a moment, he reminded 
her of Ryoko. And not just because he was a criminal 
too, nor because of the outfit Washu had made for him, which she now noticed 
resembled Ryoko's battle suit. There was something about the 
way he acted. He was stubborn, though he hadn't been acting particularly so, she 
could tell by the way he held himself. There was little if 
anything that would make him back down from anyone. He was strong, she could 
tell that by looking at him. He had seen countless battles 
both external and internal, yet he somehow had managed to survive them all. But 
he wasn't cold. Though like Ryoko, if one were to not look 
closely you could easily assume so. But watching him as he stared at the stars 
tonight, she could see years and years of pain in his eyes. She 
thought she could see a tear forming in the corner of his eye, but realized it 
was only the reflection of the moonlight.
	"Aeon, I wanted to apologize."
	Aeon turned and looked at Aeka. Her head was bowed, and her voice quiet 
and timid.
	"I'm sorry I spoke so rudely of you, earlier today. It was cruel of me. It 
was not even you I was angry with. I did not even consider 
your feelings before I spoke, and I'm sorry." 
	Aeon watched Aeka, a little surprised. He could see that this was 
difficult for her. A thought crossed his mind "Wow, another apology. 
And I didn't even have to get shot for this one. I'm on a roll."
Ignoring the voice, he began to speak. "I appreciate that you would concern 
youself enough to apologize to me. But it was not necessary. I 
have forgiven you already."
	Aeka finally raised her eyes to meet Aeons. He hadn't moved from his 
stance a few feet away from her, but he was watching her 
now. She wasn't sure if he expected her to speak again or not. 
	After a moment Aeon began walking back towards the house. As he passed 
Aeka he paused. Gently he whispered to her. "You 
shouldn't be so hard on Ryoko. She loves Tenchi, just as you do. She only has 
differant ways of showing it. Her ways are not intrinsically 
worse or better. The fact that Tenchi resists her advances must hurt her as much 
as watching her make them hurts you. Tenchi is young, and 
his heart is not sure what it wants yet. Give him time, knowing he must care 
about both of you enough, that the thought of hurting either of 
you is painful for him.  In the end, I feel that Tenchi will make his decision 
based on the love, not on the expressions of love."
	Aeka watched as Aeon walked back towards the house. She could scarcely 
believe what had just happened. She had apologized 
to him, for insulting him to hurt Ryoko, and he was more concerned with Ryoko 
then himself. "Does he think that Ryoko should get Tenchi. 
As if she is more deserving then I." She thought, terrified that maybe if he 
were so easily convinced of Ryoko's love by her blatant attacks on 
Tenchi, perhaps Tenchi might be also. She thought back to what he had said. "She 
loves Tenchi, just as you do." for a moment her mind 
wandered. If he could see that she loved Tenchi, why hadn't Tenchi realized it 
yet. She had done her best to show her love for him, without 
resorting to the harlotry that Ryoko used. She froze for a moment, feeling a 
little guilty for thinking that of Ryoko. Then she thought of what 
he had said again. "knowing that he must care about both of you enough, that the 
thought of hurting either of you is painful to him."
 She began walking home, lost in thoughts of Tenchi, herself, and Ryoko.
	
	Aeon stopped outside Washu's door and knocked. He had decided that he was 
acting foolish before. Washu's face greeted 
him, and he stepped into her lab.
	"Washu, I was wondering if you might need any help, preparing my quarters 
i mean." Aeon said, as he watched Washu working 
at her computer. 
	Washu spun around and stood up. "Nope, all done. Would you like to see 
them?" her computer slowly blinked into non-existance 
as she walked up to Aeon. "I made some special modifications especially for 
you." she said as she steped past Aeon and reached her hand 
out. 
	Aeon watched as a door materialized in front of her, and she pulled it 
open. She held it for him, stepping inside, he looked around. 
He was standing in a massive cathedral. Marble pillars reached fifty feet into 
the sky and a great arching roof of glass revealing the stars 
above. An unseen pianist played a soft Lulliby as Aeon heard the gentle sound of 
rain and thunder outside. What caught Aeon's eye the 
most were the intricate carvings covering the pillars. On one he saw a massive 
serpent consuming the entire Earth. He looked to the south 
end and saw a large bed with hornposts stretching nearly as high as the pillars, 
arching out over the bed. They too bore intricate carvings, 
though Aeon couldn't make them out from here. Next to the bed he saw a small 
bar. 
	Washu saw him looking around. She watched as he stepped in further, 
looking around at the scenes before him, most were derived 
from ancient legends from this planet and countless others. She watched as he 
walked to the bed and ran his fingertips over a carving on one 
of the hornposts. He turned to the bar and looked at it. Washu smiled as she 
appeared next to him. "It's fully stocked. Any drink you can think 
of can be had here. I trust you are old enough to enjoy it?" she asked.
	Aeon looked at the bar then at her. "Don't you know my age from that blood 
sample?" he asked. Turning around to look at the room 
again he continued. "Thank you Washu. It is unbelievable." 
	Washu smiled, "I'm glad you like it. Now how about we  have a drink?"
	Aeon only nodded, still looking around the room. After a minute something 
snapped in his mind. "Aren't you a little too young, Little 
Washu..." He asked. Turning around, he could scarcely believe what he saw. 
Before him stood Washu, but she looked to be around twenty now. 
Her outfit had grown enough to accomidate her, but only barely. It clung to her 
tightly, accentuating the curves that now appeared on her. She 
was behind the bar, pouring a couple glasses from a dusty bottle of wine. He 
stood frozen, looking at Washu. 
	"Well, if that's the only problem." Washu said as she finished pouring the 
glasses and stepped out from behind the bar, holding one 
out to Aeon. 
	Silently, he took the glass from her. He watched as she raised her glass 
to her lips and gently swallowed a small sip. Her eyes looked 
at him playfully as he stood there dumbfounded. 
	"I trust you dont think I look too young now. Do you?" Washu asked as she 
walked over to his bed and sat down. 
	If Aeon had been native to Tenchi's dimension, a small trickle of blood 
would have poured from his nose. But as he wasn't, The outfit 
Washu had given him, just seemed to get a bit more binding. After a moment of 
contemplating what was going on, Aeon was still at a loss, so 
Washu stood up and walking over to him, pulled him towards the bed. Washu sat 
him down on the bed and sat herself next to him, her thigh 
gently brushing against his. She noticed that the suit she had made him was 
becoming more, shall we say, confining to him, and a smirk began to 
form on her face. Leaning over to him, she whispered in his ear, "I'm not as 
innocent as I look."
	Aeon awoke for a moment, "It was as if she had read my mind," he thought 
to himself. He turned and looked at Washu. His throat 
suddenly feeling very dry, he finally brought his glass to his lips and took a 
sip. It was by far the finest wine he had ever tasted, but he didn't 
even notice. He sat, like a stone as Washu leaned over and rested her head on 
his shoulder. 
	Finally Aeon mustered the power to speak, sort-of... "uhhh Washu. What is 
going on?"
	Washu looked at him, a little bit hurt. "Why I'm seducing you of course 
Aeon. I'm teaching you, which of us is in fact the innocent one."
	Aeon felt himself begin to sweat a little. "I mean, uhh what happened? 
You... I mean your body?"
	Washu blushed a little and put her hands to her face. "Oh, you like my 
body?" She asked, with a hint of mock embarrasment in her voice.
	Aeon felt a drop of sweat begin to bead on the back of his head. "No! I 
mean yes, I mean it's lovely, but what happened?"
	Washu leaned over again, resting her head on his shoulder and wrapping her 
arms around him. "Well, Aeon. You said I was a little too 
young. So I wanted to show you that I wasn't as young as you thought."
	Aeon felt her finger begin tracing along his chest. Slowly she worked her 
hand down, and slid it under his shirt. Her hand felt cool on his 
skin, comforting. He closed his eyes, as he felt her slide her arm over his 
shoulder and pull herself up to him. He felt her tongue brush gently 
against his throat before she kissed it tenderly. Her other hand took his right 
arm and wrapped it around her. He drew his cup to his lips again, 
and gulped a mouthful of wine. Washu picked her glass up of the bed and followed 
suit. She began to set it back down, but had an idea. A 
small platform apeared next to the bed. She layed her glass on it and turned to 
Aeon. She took his glass from him and set it next to hers on the 
table.
	Washu glanced seductively at Aeon. She gently kissed his neck again, 
sucking gently before pulling her lips away. Leaving a small 
circle of red as a sign of her affection. She held tightly around his next and 
pulled herself up again, placing herself lightly in his lap. She looked 
him in the eyes, and leaned forward, pulling him close to her as she placed her 
lips against his. Savoring the embrace, she noticed herself cling 
a little bit tighter to him, her eyes closing as she fell into the warmth of 
their embrace. She felt his lips quiver slightly as she slid her tongue 
gently into his mouth. 
	Aeon felt Washu's lips against his before he realized what was happening. 
He felt her tongue slide into his mouth. The sensation 
of her body, pressed against his was drowning out his thoughts. He noticed the 
music had changed, the deep melodic sound resonated 
in his ears as a desperate voice sang...
	"Help me, I broke apart my Insides. Help me, I've got no soul to sell. 
Help me, the only thing that works for me. Help me get away 
from myself." 
	Aeon's mind was raging, It was screaming at him to both proceed and stop. 
"Hentia!" his mind screamed at him. He fell back, 
pulling away from Washu's touch. 
	Washu fell forward onto Aeon, as he collapsed backwards onto the bed. She 
pressed herself tightly against him. Her eyes gazing 
passionately into his. She moved forward, to kiss him again as her hand traced 
down the side of his abdomen. But she froze as he turned 
away from her embrace.
	"You IDIOT! What are you DOING!" Aeon's mind demanded of him. "Kiss her 
Right now. Return her affection. Love her Damnit!" 
Aeon struggled to stop his body from doing just that. He turned his head back to 
face Washu. She was had pulled back and was sitting 
up. A look of pain on her face. Seeing the way she looked at him. So longingly, 
Aeon had to fight the urge to hold her to him. The urge 
to comfort her, perhaps to comfort himself too. He was killing himself, knowing 
he was hurting her so. But he finally spoke. "I'm sorry, 
Washu. I just can't."
	Washu's looked at him. The sorrow in he eyes remained, but slowly she 
nodded. She stood up and turned to look at Aeon 
once more.
	Aeon couldn't take it anymore. He couldn't stand to see the pain in her 
eyes. He reached out for her, but she was gone. She 
had dissapeared before his eyes.  The song pulled to a close, fading away as 
Aeon heard the singer gasp out in a pained scream... 
	"My whole existence is flawed. You get me closer to god."
	Aeon pulled himself further onto the bed and lay down. His mind was 
focused again. He kept seeing the look of sorrow on 
her face as she nodded and left. He remembered for a moment of when he was bound 
in her laboratory.  He knew that if she had 
wanted to, she could have had him. 
	"Who are you kidding?" he asked himself. If she had just pressed on a 
little more, she would not have had to bind you. 
You would have given in willingly. It took all your will to stop her when all 
she had done was kiss you.  but she had stopped the 
second you had asked her too. It had hurt her to do so. But she had. 
	Somehow, that thought made Aeon hurt even more. He lay back in the bed and 
looked up at the stars, trying to fall asleep.
