This is my first attempt at a Tenchi FanFic.  The story takes place after 
Episode 13 in the OAV series using a little bit of background from the Mihoshi 
Special and is a multi-part story.  There is some lemon content in future parts, 
nothing too graphic, but if you are too young then you really shouldn't be 
reading them.  Tenchi Muyo! and associated characters and items are property of 
Pioneer LDC and AIC and are in no way my production.  Please send comments and 
feedback to lightman@neumedia.net.  This is Part One of the story and sets up 
some details that will be revealed in the future.  Some of it might not make 
sense offhand, but once you read the whole story it should.  I'd like to thank 
David Henry for being my editor and giving me some comments.

Oh, and just a few things to help with your reading:
** means thinking
(  ) means scene change
" " means talking, of course

                      Return of the Past - Part One
                   	   by Rob Baden

It was a rather pleasant evening at the Masaki Shrine.  The stars were bright 
and there was a crescent moon hanging high in the setting sun's orange glow.  
There were flowers wavering in the gentle wind and animals scurrying about.  But 
none of these were the reason why it was so pleasant.

A lone figure stood at the top of the steps that led down to the Masaki 
Household, a broom in his hands, rectangular glasses on his face, and long, gray 
hair tied in the back.  He looked up at the sky, closed his eyes, and just 
listened to something that was very rare these days.

Peace and quiet.

Ever since Tenchi had awakened Ryoko, Lord Katsuhito had seen, and heard, 
various forms of mass destruction in and around his shrine.  Ayeka and Ryoko had 
continuously destroyed various parts of the Household and its surroundings since 
the defeat of Kagato.  And Mihoshi had continued to stumble into Washu's lab, 
aimlessly pushing buttons that caused rather large explosions.

But the last week had seen very little activity, if any at all.  Mihoshi had 
been sent to the Galaxy Police Central Command to give a full report on the 
activities in the Sol System.  Ayeka and Sasami had gone to visit their mother 
on Jurai.  Katsuhito had considered going with them, but knew that if he did he 
would ever nothing but grief from his father and he had no wish to go through 
that again.  Washu was kept pretty much secluded in her lab, working on some new 
kind of crazy invention.  And Ryoko was busy trying to get Tenchi to acknowledge 
her love for him, feeling that since everyone else was occupied this would be 
her only chance.

Of course Nobuyuki was always at his office working on some design that a family 
wanted done quickly.  Katsuhito shook his head slightly.  His son-in-law always 
worked too hard, despite his attitude for always chasing women.

"Miya?"

Katsuhito looked down to see Ryo-ohki sitting at his feet, her ears twitching in 
anticipation.  "Well, hello there.  What are you doing up here?"

"Miya."  The small cabbit turned around and one of her ears pointed to the 
Masaki home down by the lake.  Catching on to this Katsuhito put down the broom 
and began walking down the steps.  Ryo-Ohki jumped up onto his shoulder and 
snuggled against his hair.  Katsuhito gave a little smile at that and scratched 
Ryo-Ohki behind the ear.

It didn't take him long to get down to the house.  While the steps were high and 
long, the Juraian had spent several hundred years walking up and down them.  He 
was about to open the door when Tenchi came running out.

"Hi Grandpa!  Bye Grandpa!" was all he said as he ran into the woods.

Knowing the inevitable, Katsuhito threw his arm out and immediately something 
struck it and a loud, but soft, thud sounded on the ground beside him.  He 
looked down and sighed.  "Ryoko, give him a day off."

The cyan-haired pirate gave a look of contempt for him, but it quickly faded to 
defeat and she nodded at him.  She turned and walked back into the house.  This 
was very unusual for her as she hardly ever gave up anything without a fight, 
and it troubled the Juraian somewhat.  Katsuhito then looked at Ryo-Ohki and 
mussed her fur behind her ears.  "Thank you."

"Miya!" replied the cabbit and hopped down, going after her owner.

(Washu's Sub-space Lab, Next Morning)

There was very little light inside Washu's Lab.  The genius-scientist liked to 
have her surroundings dark and gloomy, mostly to fit her mood-which usually had 
nothing but the thoughts of control and domination of the universe-, partly to 
seclude herself.  In fact, the only light source was above her holo-console 
where she did most of her work, making her calculations for her inventions.

Such as the invention that she had spend the last week working on.

She was busy typing away, as usual, on her console when there came a knock on 
her sub-space doorway.  "Come in.  It's open."

A door appeared behind her and in walked Ryoko, dressed in an apron that did not 
seem to suit her at all.  "Breakfast is ready."  She started to turn around and 
walk back out the door, but Washu cleared her throat and she stopped.

"Now, now, haven't you forgotten something?"  She turned to the space pirate 
with a sly grin on her face.

Ryoko turned back towards Washu and mumbled something incoherent and inaudible.

Washu scowled and said in a high-pitched voice, "What was that?  Come on, speak 
up."

Ryoko took a deep breath.  "Breakfast is ready, MOM!"  The emphasis on the last 
word obviously showed Ryoko's feelings towards her mother.  Without another word 
she turned completely around and disappeared back through the door.  After the 
door closed behind her it vanished, leaving Washu alone once more.

Washu typed a few more command on her console and then got up from her seat.  
She dematerialized her holo-console and walked to the end of the lab where a 
door had suddenly appeared before her.  Moments later she was in the main 
hallway of the Masaki home and headed to the meal table, where Tenchi, 
Katsuhito, and Nobuyuki had already seated themselves.  Washu took her spot and 
waited for Ryoko to bring the food out.

"Good morning, Little Washu," said Tenchi from her right.  Ryo-Ohki piped in a 
"miya" in agreement.

"Morning!  So, what's for breakfast?" she practically yelled towards the 
kitchen, hoping Ryoko would get the point.  Apparently she did.

"Keep your uniform on!  I'm coming!"  A moment later Ryoko came out with large 
amounts of food that ranged from cereal to some sort of meat-filled soup that no 
one could figure out.  She put down the food down and seated herself.  "Soups 
on!"

Everyone cautiously took a spoon and started tasting the food.  Ryoko was not 
known for her abilities in the kitchen department, and everytime she attempted a 
meal it usually ended in disaster.  Washu took a bite of her soup and instantly 
spit it out.  She wasn't alone, and soon everyone at the table-except Ryoko-
dashed for a glass of water.  Even Ryo-Ohki hugged a bowl of waters.

"You know," said Washu.  "I miss Sasami."

"Gee, MOM, thanks for the support of my cooking."

Washu downed the rest of her water and ate some of the cereal and then headed 
back to her lab.  "I never said I was supportive, Ryoko.  I wonder what Sasami 
is doing now."  She disappeared back into the door.

(Imperial Palace, Jurai)

Ayeka was in her royal bedroom, busily packing.  It had been a long time since 
she had seen the inside of her own room and she had missed it terribly.  So many 
of her effects where there, and the ones that weren't had been on the original 
Ryouh before it was destroyed by Ryoko.  While Washu had been very good at 
replacing most of her effects, and even some of her clothing, they just didn't 
have the same feeling to her as the originals.

So, she decided that before she and Sasami left for Earth she would pack a few 
of her favorite belongings.  The problem was what was she going to leave behind?  
While there was no limit to room in Tsunami's hold, there was a very limited 
amount in the Masaki Household.  She had been spending the last few hours 
picking out various items from her childhood that she had enjoyed, such as 
playthings and pictures.  When she reached a picture of Yosho she stopped.  
While she knew that Lord Katsuhito was really her brother Yosho the look of him 
in this picture brought back so many fledging memories and happiness until the 
day Ryo-Ohki had attacked the Palace.  And, once she looked closely enough at 
Yosho she saw some resemblance to Tenchi.

Tenchi had done so much for her since the destruction of Ryouh.  He took her 
into his house, gave her and her sister a place to live, and even fought for her 
honor when her father came to take her back to Jurai.  While she still had deep-
seeded feelings for Yosho the fact was that Tenchi was growing more and more on 
her by the day.  And the way Katsuhito acted she regarded him more of a father-
type figure, a confidant, a friend.

For the longest moments she just stood there and stared off into space, her mind 
wondering and thinking of all sorts of things she could do to win Tenchi's 
heart.  She was so wrapped up in her own thoughts that she didn't hear the door 
to her bedroom open up.  She had a startle when a hand touched her shoulder, 
almost causing her to jump into the air.  Turning around she saw her sister in 
her usual cheerful fashion.

"Sasami.  You should know to knock.  You've really picked up some bad habits 
since we've started living on Earth."  While she didn't like scolding her sister 
she had to make sure that, with their mother never really being around, she 
receive the proper up bringing that a Juraian Princess should have.

"Sorry, Ayeka, but I've come to tell you that Tsunami is all ready for our 
departure.  Also, Mommy wants to talk to us before we leave."

"Oh.  Thank you, Sasami.  Tell Mother that I'll be there in a moment, I have to 
finish packing."  She turned back to the picture and packed it, hearing the door 
close behind her sister as she left.  She gave a little sigh and finished her 
packing.  She began picking up the luggage but a couple of servants approached.

"No need to do that, Your Highness," said one of them.  "We'll transport that up 
to the ship."

Ayeka gave a little blush and walked past them.  Sasami wasn't the only one 
Earth had changed.  Before she started living there Ayeka would never have 
handled her own belongings.  **I guess the environment does have an impact on 
how you act.**

She walked down the long and wide hallways of the Palace before reaching her 
mother's room.  Misaki had always kept her room cheerful and full of things, 
much like Sasami would prefer their room on Earth to be.  Misaki and Sasami were 
in the middle of the room, apparently playing some kind of a game.  Ayeka 
recognized it from Earth and gave an audible sigh.  "Sasami, I don't believe 
you.  You brought that all the way from Earth?"

Sasami's face, full of cheer and happiness as usual-much like their mother's, 
especially at that moment-looked back at her big sister.  "But Ayeka.  It's only 
twister.  I wanted to show Mommy some fun."

Ayeka just shook her head and walked over to them.  "You wanted to see me, 
Mother?"

The blue-haired woman stood up from her place on the twister sheet and gave a 
smile to her oldest daughter.  "Yes, Ayeka."  She walked over to her dresser and 
opened one of the draws.  Neither of the girls could see what their mother was 
getting but they didn't have to wonder long as Misaki turned around with her 
hands behind her back.

"Sasami, come here please."  When the blue-haired girl fast walked over to her 
she opened up her right hand and held out a picture frame.  "Here, this is a 
picture of your father and I.  We want you to keep they with you when you're on 
Earth so that you can remember us."

Sasami just smiled one of her large-mouthed smiles and hugged her mother.  
"Thank you mommy!"

Misaki returned the hug and smiled.  "Now go get ready to leave, I need to have 
a word alone with Ayeka."

Ayeka watched her sister leave and looked at her mother.  "Yes, Mother?"

Misaki sat down on the bed and patted the seat next to her.  Ayeka got the clue 
and sat down beside her mother on the bed.  For a few moments neither said a 
word.  Just as Ayeka opened her mouth her mother finally spoke.

"There were two reasons why I wanted to talk to you, dear Ayeka."  She smiled at 
her daughter.  "How is things going with that young boy, Tenchi?"

Ayeka visibly blushed and looked away from her mother.  "Really, Mother, must we 
talk about this?"

"I'm just curious as to how my little Ayeka is doing in the love department."  
She smiled at the blush.  "Come on, dear.  There's nothing to be embarrassed 
about.  I know you love Tenchi and want him to love you back."

"Mother, please."

"All right, all right.  Here."  She handed Ayeka a little vile.  "Next time you 
want to get his attention, use this.  It should help him to see you better."

Ayeka took it and looked it over in her hands.  "What is it?"

"It's the Juraian Blood Perfume."  Misaki gave a little wink.  "Trust me.  My 
mother gave to me when I was trying to get Azusa to notice me."

Ayeka looked at it with an astonished look on her face.  "Mother!  The Juraian 
Blood Perfume is very powerful.  I once heard that it even caused a heart-
attack."

"That was just a silly story, there's no truth to it, Little Ayeka."  Her face, 
which was very much full of cheer, suddenly changed to a very serious fashion.  
"The other reason why I wanted to talk to was about Sasami."

"Yes?"

There was a strange silence for a moment and then the stammering of a few words.  
Ayeka had never remembered her mother ever stammering for words.  She seemed so 
unsure of what to say next, and that disturbed her some.

"Ayeka... Sasami told me about Tsunami."

The young Juraian sat there for a moment, not speaking a single word.  She knew 
that eventually her mother would find out about the Sasami/Tsunami relationship, 
but she didn't really think Sasami would tell her this soon.  **Sasami didn't 
tell her when she came to Earth, so I assumed that she wouldn't tell her now.**

Finally she spoke.  "Did you also speak to Tsunami with Sasami was asleep?"

"Yes, I did, and I know what you know.  All of it."

Ayeka suddenly felt her mother's hand on her shoulder and turned towards her.  
Almost immediately they engulfed one another in a tight hug.  Ayeka could feel 
her mother gently rubbing her back in a soothing, maternal fashion.  She looked 
up at her mother and softly spoke.  "Any... anything else?"

"Yes.  I want you to watch her."

"Mother!  You want me to spy on my little sister?!"  Ayeka was taken aback.

"No, no, you misunderstand me."  She gave her a reassuring smile.  "I want you 
to watch her to see if she still has any affects from the assimilation.  While I 
trust her, and I trust Tsunami, there are sometimes side-effects to things like 
what has happened to her."  She looked down at the floor a moment before 
continuing.  "I am just worried about her, Ayeka.  She's my daughter-as are you-
and being so far away from you two is very hard on me.  Just promise me that 
you'll look after her, okay Ayeka?"

Ayeka simply nodded, but then opened her mouth to speak.  "Yes, Mother."  She 
got up and gave her a hug.  "I'll make sure to write and send messages once we 
get back to Earth."  She turned towards the door and slowly walked out.

"Ayeka?"

"Huh?" she said as she turned around.  Her mother was holding the vile of 
Juraian Blood Perfume.  "Oh!"  She walked back and took the vile, gave an 
honorable and traditional bow to her mother, and walked out the door towards 
where her sister was waiting at the transfer point up to their ship.

* (Galaxy Police, Central Command Headquarters)

The Section Chief of the Detectives looked over the report that Detective First 
Class Mihoshi had handed him three days ago.  While her reports were very well 
written and contained details that even a microscope would have difficulty 
finding, they were, to put it nicely, very long and exhausting.  She had a way 
of saying too much about something.  He often remembered how her partner, the 
late Kiyone, had complained about having to, as she said it, "put up with that 
bubblebrain that calls herself a Police Officer."

He sighed and put the report down.  He often wished that Mihoshi would be 
promoted, or demoted, whatever, to get him out of his hair.  But, the Marshal 
had given Mihoshi's care to the Commander, and the Commander had given it to 
him.  And so, his life was a living nightmare without an end in sight.  Oh, how 
he wish he could retire, but his pension was not up to full yet.

A beep sounded and his vid-screen activated immediately.  "Yes?"

A low-level officer looked at him.  "Sir, Detective Mihoshi is here to see you.  
She says that she has an appointment."

"Send her in, please."  He shut the screen off and let out a frustrated sigh.  
"Why did I have to have been born?"

A moment later the door to his office slid open and in walked a tan-skinned 
woman in a uniform that was all but messy.  Throughout his time dealing with 
Mihoshi he had never seen her in a perfectly clean uniform, there always being 
some trace of liquid or food or something else.  She stood before him at the 
desk and saluted smartly with precision.

**Probably the only thing she can do right without hurting herself or anyone 
else**  He cleared his throat and looked up at her.  "At ease, Mihoshi.  I've 
just been going over your report on the activities of the Sol System.  I'm 
interested in wondering why we should allow you to continue to be a protector of 
that system."

"Well, sir, you see, sir.  The Juraian Royal Family, or at least four of them, 
is there on Earth.  And since the Jurai is a very important empire in the 
galaxy, and an ally of the Galaxy Police, well, umm, they should be protected?"

The chief just sighed and looked at her.  "Sometimes you can be annoyingly 
logical, even when you don't understand it."

"Well, thank you sir, I think."  She gave a smile, one of her blond locks 
bouncing down in front of her face.

"Detective Mihoshi, I don't know why, and I certainly don't understand it, but 
it seems that the Marshal and the Executive Council have decided to agree with 
your idea about posting someone on Earth to protect the Juraians.  Of course, 
given the power that a mere low-level member of their Royal family has, I don't 
see how a Police Officer can offer much assistance."

"Uh, well, sir, I think that it would, more than anything, be a sign of good 
faith?"

"Ugh!"  He just sighed and banged his head on the desk.  "How can you possibly 
see that?  That's exactly what they said.  How do you know that?!"

"Uh, because I do, sir?"

"Argh!"  He just sighed in frustration.  "You're dismissed, Detective.  Go 
home."

* (Tsunami, deep space)

Ayeka just looked at the ruins of the Galaxy Destroyer and shook her head.  She 
looked back at where Azaka and Kamidake were situated on either side of Sasami 
who was currently controlling the movements of the ship.  She was very upset at 
her sister for taking them here without telling her.  "Sasami, exactly why are 
we here?"

The bright-faced girl smiled up at her big sister and spoke in a happy voice 
that would make even the cruelest of people happy.  "After Mihoshi told us that 
story I wanted to see the ruins.  After all, her partner did sacrifice herself 
to save the galaxy."

Ayeka just scoffed.  "You honestly believed that story?  Sasami, she was making 
it up.  It wasn't real."

"But Ayeka!  How can you say that?  Look at all the ruins around here, there was 
obviously some huge battle here just as Mihoshi described.  Just look."  She 
pointed out to the huge structures that obviously had once been a ship.

Ayeka just sighed and was about to say something when a beeping began.  Azaka's 
light lit up.

"Princess Ayeka, I'm picking up a single life-form amongst the ruins in a small 
atmospheric encasing.  I can't identify who or what it is, but it's defiantly 
alive."

Ayeka looked out of Tsunami and saw where the guardian was picking up the 
signal.  "Hmmm.  Make for that floating structure and prepare to pick up the 
life-form."

"Princess, is that wise?" remarked Kamidake.

"We have a responsibility to be as humane as possible.  No do it!"

"Yes, Ma'am!" replied both of the guardians.

Moments later they were upon the floating structure and they had found the life-
form.  It was a young woman with teal hair and a Galaxy Police uniform. She was 
immediately transported to the ship and both Sasami and Ayeka rushed to attend 
to her.

She was unconscious, but it wasn't for long.  About three minutes later she was 
awake and staring at both the princesses.  "Where... where am I?"

Sasami, eager as always, spoke.  "You're onboard a Jurai ship.  Hey, is your 
name by any chance Kiyone?"

She sat straight up and looked at them.  "How did you know that?  Jurai?  What's 
going on here?"

Ayeka helped her up and gave her some light sake to drink.  "Here, drink this, 
it will help calm your nerves."

After a few minutes Kiyone had finished all of the sake and gave a satisfied 
sigh.  "That's really good sake.  Where did you get it?"

"Oh, on a small planet called Earth," said Ayeka with a little smile.

"Earth?  I thought that Jurai Royal Family wanted that off-limits."  She looked 
confused and looked at the two girls for some sense of help.

"Well, we'll explain more on our way to Earth."

"Yeah," piped in Sasami.  "But you could tell us what it's like to be Mihoshi's 
partner?"

Kiyone face-faulted heavily, nearly making a hole in the floor of the bridge.  
After picking herself back up off the ground she looked at them both and, 
forgetting who they were, yelled with anger, "What do you know about Mihoshi!?!"

Both girls looked at each other with a sweat-drop on each of their heads, 
clearly trying to decide what to say in regards to their absent-minded detective 
associate.

(Hey, that's it for this part, stay tuned for Part Two of "Return of the Past")
