Disclaimer: This a very graphic lemon fan fic from a
fairly sick mind. i do not claim responcibility for
any listed charecters, so here i go.

The Revenge of the lemon writer aka MST THIS!!

It started out a normal day in the masaki household
but as tenchi awoke and walked around the house, he
saw that he was the only one there. he walked by the
princesses room, knocked on the door, and had it
opened slightly, when a hand pulled him inside, and a
needle went into his arm, knocking him out when he
awoke, he was wearing only his boxers, and had an
erection that could pop a rhino. when he awoke he saw
sasami, of all people staring at him. "Aeka, he woke
up!", she said, almost in a cheerful tone. when he
went to speak, he noticed he was gagged. when he swa
aeka leaning over him, he noticed she was wearing a
dominatrix outfit with a whip in hand, and a pait of
crochless panties. he noticed sasami was wearing the
same! as he stared in horror, Aeka took his boxers off
through the rip she had made and took his cock into
her mouth, caressing it slowly, moving it more and
more vigoresly tenchi felt like he was going to
explode, and finally, did. amazingly, he was instantly
hard again. " a side effect of the ingection" sasami
whispered in his ear. no sooner, sasami climbed onto
the bed and positioned herself over his throbbing
member. teasing him, she put his cock around her lips
until finnaly sliding it in. sasamis wet and tight
pussy felt so good as she rode him to their dual
climax. sasami dripped here juice all over him, and
then removed his gag. tenchi did not contest, and
wanted more, another side effect of the injection. as
he wondered why sasami didnt pop like a baloon, aeka
explained that juraians don't have hymens. lowering he
pussy to his lips , aeka started to recive a toung
lashing while sasami, barely able to fit it in her
mouth started blowing him. after everyone climaxed
aeka untied the bonds, thinking that enough adrenaline
had activated the formula. then, tenchi started to
drive into her like a piston, rubbing her clit with
his dick in and out until they both climaxed and lie
in a heap of bodies. Tenchi then found himself in bed
awoken at the same time that he normally woke up. as
he went into the kitchen, he noticed that sasami had
an awfully wide grin onher face...

Finally, i have time to write a good fic. send any
ideas for part 2 to me, and ill give you credit!