Revelations:Return
By Around the Fur

    This is the first installment in my new series.  If you haven't played
Final Fantasy 7 up to at least the second disc,go do it now,or else you
won't
get a bit of this fic.  All the characters belong to either Pioneer or
Squaresoft,so don't sue me.  Also,I don't know if this is the title of
another series,so if it does,e-mail me at Foxsmarty@aol.com so I can change
it.

Note:this takes place before the end of disc 2 in FF7.

The Masaki shrine...

    It had been a quiet and uneventful day for Katsuhito,a.k.a. Yosho,first
prince of Jurai.  He had,as usual,beat the living crap out of Tenchi in
sword
practice,and was now in the middle of meditating.  suddenly,there was a
knock
at the door.
    "Grampa!  There's some lady here to see you!" came Tenchi's voice from
the other side.
    "Alright,send her in." Katsuhito said as the door slid open.  In walked
a
woman clad in a pink dress with a 3/4 slit up it and a small red jacket.
Her
brown hair was long and tied back.  She had emerald-green eyes that shone
with a mysterious radiance,like she held some burden that could not be
lifted.
    "Aeris,it's so good to see you again.  Here,have a seat." Katsuhito
said,directing to a mat on the floor.  Aeris sat down cross-legged.
    "So what brings you here?" he asked. as he poured Aeris a cup of tea.
    "I've come for some advice." Aeris said as she took a sip.
    "Oh?  Well,it's been so long since I've seen you.  You really must
stay."
Katsuhito said.
    "Oh,I couldn't.  Anyway,I really must discuss something with you." Aeris
said as she set her tea cup down.

Hours of explaining the somewhat complicated plot of FF7 later...

    "I see," Katsuhito said calmly,"So if you don't summon Holy,your world
will be destroyed,but if you do summon Holy,you yourself will be the only
casualty,but your world will be spared.  That's quite a predicament."
    "I know.  I really want to save the world,but I really don't want to
die." Aeris said sadly.
    "Well,you can stay here to think it over."
    "Oh,thank you so much!" Aeris said as she leaned forward and hugged the
shrine keeper.
    "Oh,I'm sorry,I-I couldn't resist." Aeris said shocked as she sat back
and looked down,a tint of red on her face.
    "That's quite alright.  You know,I have a grandson.  You probably saw
him
on the way here." Katsuhito said.
    "Oh,uh,yes I did." Aeris said shyly,her face turning a deeper red.
Katsuhito just chuckled.

A while later,in the Masaki household...

    Aeris was sitting on the couch,Ryoko next to her.
    "So you're going to be staying here for a while,eh?  Well,keep your
hands
off Tenchi because he's mine and mine alone." Ryoko said smugly.
    "Oh,uh right." Aeris said shyly as she returned to watching t.v.
    "I'm just kidding.  Tenchi's pretty much free ground around here," Ryoko
said as she floated up"As a matter of fact,I think I'll go pay him a visit
right now."  A few seconds later,Aeris heard tenchi scream something about
"no pants" and "underwear",but she couldn't quite make it out.  Ryoko
reappeared a second later,arms crossed.
    "Hmph.  Tenchi's so damn shy.  He never wants to have any fun." she
pouted.  Aeris chuckled just as Washuu walked out of her lab.
    "Oh?  Who's this?" she asked as she spotted Aeris.
    "This is Aeris.  She's gonna be staying here for a little while." Ryoko
stated.
    "Oh,alright.  Well,in that case,could I see you for a second,Aeris?" the
scientist asked.
    "Sure," Aeris said as she got up,"but,if you don't mind me asking,why?"
    "I just wanted to run a few scans and check-ups." Washuu said.
    "Oh,okay.  Uh,they're not gonna hurt,are they?" Aeris asked meekly.
    "Probably not,but hey,with me,you can never know." Washuu said as she
laughed madly.

Washuus lab...

    Aeris lay outstretched on a steel table in an X-formation in nothing but
her underwear.  The table floated vertically as Washuu pressed a few buttons
on her holo-top.
    "Do I have to be half-naked?" Aeris asked.
    "Well,yes,because otherwise my scanners can't get a good look at your
insides.  Are you cold?" Washuu asked.
    "No,I just feel kind of uncomfortable floating along in my undies."
Aeris
said with a sigh.  Washuu chuckled and went back to work.  A loud and
obnoxious beep rang through the silence of Washuu's lab.
    "Hm,what's this?  The internal scan ran across an error,but that only
happens if the subject isn't...human..." Washuu trailed off.
    "I asure you,I'm the closest thing to a human.  I'm the last of a race
of
people called the Ancients." Aeris stated.
    "Wow!  A single specimen of the last of an ancient breed of people!  How
exiting!  Maybe I can pull out my old autopsy tools..." Washuu trailed off
as
Aeris "eek"ed out of fear.
    "Just kidding..." Washuu said with a smile.  Aeris blew out a breath of
relief as the catches holding her up receeded and she dropped down.
    "Well,that's all for now. Washuu said as she threw Aeris her clothes.
Aeris got dressed and walked out,walking right into Tenchi.who had just
gotten home from work at the shrine.
    "Oh,I'm so sorry,Miss,uh..."
    "Aeris,Aeris Gainsborough.  I don't think we've been properly
introduced." Aeris said.
    "I'm uh,I'm Tenchi,Tenchi Masaki.  You seem to be an old friend of my
grampa's." Tenchi said.
    "Oh,yes.  I've known him since I was very little." Aeris said.
    "Supper's ready!" Sasami called.
    "Oh,uh,I'll,uh,I'll see you later." Tenchi stammered.

Later that night...

    Grampa had,ahem,"accidentely" put Aeris in Tenchi's room,and now Tenchi
started to lay his futon out next to his bed.  At that moment,Aeris walked
in
clad in pink pajamas decorated with white bunnies.
    "Oh,uh,you don't have to do that." Aeris said,noticing Tenchis futon
laid
out on the floor.
    "Really?" Tenchi asked.  Aeris nodded,and Tenchi started to roll his
futon up.  He put it in his closet as Aeris got settled in bed.
    "But,uh,where am I gonna sleep?" Tenchi asked.
    "You can sleep in here with me,silly." Aeris said with a light giggle.
Tenchi clumsily got into bed and started to doze off.  Aeris turned over and
her hand fell onto Tenchi's butt.  Tenchi just smiled as he fell asleep.

The next day...

    Aeris woke up and yawned as she sat up,looking down the side of the bed
before getting up and heading for the bathroom to get dressed.  She then
headed downstairs for breakfast.  During breakfast,she noticed that Tenchi
was missing.  She hadn't really known Tenchi for very long,but she somehow
felt very close to him,almost like she loved him.  After breakfast,she sat
down on the couch,inbetween Ayeka and Ryoko.
    "So,I heard you had to bunk up with Tenchi last night.  Did
anything...happen?" Ryoko asked.  Aeris blushed and muttered a "no".
    "Ryoko!  That was a very personal question!  You should apologize!"
Ayeka
pipped in.
    "Geez!  I was only asking a perfectly legitimate question of whether or
not Aeris got down and dirty with Tenchi! Ryoko said,resulting in Aeris's
face to turn even redder.  She stood up,a single tear sliding gown her
cheek,and ran off for the safety of Tenchi's room.  He was at the shrine,so
she wouldn't have to face him.
    "Now look what you've done,Ryoko.  You should really apologize this
time!" Ayeka yelled.
    "Alright alright,geez,it's a perfectly good question." Ryoko muttered as
she floated up to Tenchi's room,where Aeris sat on the edge of the
bed,silently sobbing.  Ryoko knocked on the door and walked in.
    "Hi,uh,I just wanted to apologize for what I said back there.  Hey,you
okay?" Ryoko asked,walking further into the room.  She sat down next to
Aeris
and wrapped a comforting arm around her.
    "What's the matter?" Ryoko asked.
    "It's just-it's just that I-I really like Tenchi,but I'm not going to be
able to know him for very long,and-and I wanted to express the way I felt
last night,but I was too affraid he was going to-to turn me down." Aeris
explained,sobbing into Ryoko's shoulder.
    "Well,Tenchi's very understanding and a really caring person,so maybe I
can arrange something for you two,eh?" Ryoko said as Aeris stopped sobbing
and looked up at Ryoko,her eyes red and puffy from crying.
    "Really?  You'd do that for me?" Aeris asked. Ryoko nodded,smiling.
    "Oh thank you!  I-I don't know if I can ever repay you for this..."
Aeris
trailed off.
    "Oh,don't worry about it.  I'm just glad that I could help you.  You're
kinda cute,afterall..." Ryoko said as she lent over into a kiss.  Aeris was
surprised by this but went with it.  Ryoko broke the kiss, got up, and
left,blowing Aeris a kiss.
    "Thank you,Ryoko." Aeris whispered as she got up and headed back
downstairs.

    Well,that's it for the first part.  I really hope you enjoyed it.
Oh,yeah.  This story is partially based on Depeche Mode's songs,for which I
have been blasting all day long.  good day/night to you readers and enjoy
the silence.