WWF_Fanatik3:16
tstd_98@yahoo.com
Action Crossover Lemon
RollerBall-chapter 1: Rivals and schemes
Before the first match in the play-offs, things can happen.

  Hey listen up, I know for a fact and you guys do to that I do not own 
any of these characters. I own none of the characters from DBZ and I 
own none of the characters from Tenchi Muyo. I don't own RollerBall 
either, I just using the awesome idea of a sport. So I thank the people 
who created those three masterpieces and I thank the people who read my 
Fan Fic. So I hope you enjoy this action packed, sexually explicit 
story and there is more to come if you like it.


 The sun started to set over Detroit, the new home of RollerBall, as 
Tenchi rolled up to the traffic light, flashing red, in his 2002 
Corvette. He sighed and looked over at Ryoko in the passenger's seat. 
He watched Ryoko twirl her gray hair absentmindedly and he smiled. 
Tenchi looked down at the gold ring on his finger and looked over at 
the diamond ring on Ryoko's finger. "Um, Ryoko, do you ever have any 
second thoughts about our marriage?" Tenchi asked without thinking.  
   Ryoko looked up surprised and turned her attention towards Tenchi, 
"No Tenchi, why would you say a thing like that?" Ryoko knew she had 
second thoughts but she didn't have the heart to tell him. 
   "I just wanted to know because you haven't been, well, you lately," 
Tenchi stared up at the red traffic light and didn't dare look over at 
Ryoko. 
   "To tell you the truth Tenchi, it's that company you forced us to 
work for. I am getting a little tired of busting my ass every week so 
we can please the crowd," Ryoko threw her head into her hands and 
started to cry.  
  "Please Ryoko, don't cry, but RollerBall has given us everything we 
could have ever dreamed of, how could that be the problem.
  Ryoko sobbed louder and spoke a muffled sentence through her hands, 
"I can't take the pain anymore, being away from the Masaki household 
and being away from privacy. I can't take it, please let me quite 
Tenchi, please!" Ryoko started crying even louder s Tenchi threw his 
arm around her back. 
  "Okay Ryoko, I'll find somebody else to represent our part of the 
world instead of you," Tenchi hoped she would reconsider after he threw 
the responsibility statement in.
  Ryoko shot out of her hands and her tears disappeared instantly and 
were replaced with joy. "Oh Tenchi I knew you wouldn't let me down, I 
love you so much!" Ryoko's smile spread from one cheek to the other.
  Tenchi's eyes widened as he crashed unto the driver's seat and 
screamed, "Oh Ryokoooooo!" His scream was cut short by a shout from 
outside of the car. Tenchi looked into the rear view mirror and his 
eyes connected with that of a man with tall black hair, an evil grin, 
and muscles the size of tires.
  The man shouted at him again, "You idiot, the light is green. How 
foolish are you humans, my god, drive!"
  Tenchi stomped onto the gas pedal and his Corvette shot off like a 
bullet. The man pulled up beside him in a Dodge Viper GTS and was 
gunning it straight past him. "I'll show that. hey, wait just a second, 
his bumper sticker says Team DBZ," Tenchi flashed a picture of the man 
through his head. "That was Vegeta of team DBZ; now I have a reason to 
smoke him," Tenchi smiled and slammed his foot onto the gas pedal 
speeding the Corvette right beside the Viper. He suddenly caught a 
glimpse of a small child in the passenger's seat of the car. The small 
boy had purple hair and laughing along with Vegeta. 
  "Come on Tenchi, lets show them what we can do," Ryoko laughed 
devilishly.
  "But we can't Ryoko, there is a child in Vegeta's car, what if they 
were to wreck!" Tenchi's shaky voice came back like in all of these 
situations.
  "Screw the kid, ha, ha, lets take Vegeta out," Ryoko formed a ball of 
energy in her right hand.
  The small boy rolled down the window and Vegeta shouted out of the 
window. "I can't wait to beat your slut of a wife's ass at the next 
match," Vegeta laughed devilishly. 
  Tenchi growled and sped the car past Vegeta and down the road towards 
traffic. He looked into his rear view mirror and caught a glimpse of 
the Viper dodging on coming vehicles right behind him. 
 Vegeta punched the gas and the Viper blasted over the road and caught 
up with the Corvette. "Trunks, lets show them how Sayains drive," 
Vegeta smirked and pulled up right behind Tenchi.     Trunks laughed 
and pointed forward at the exit to the highway. "That's our turn 
father, lets show them how Super Sayains drive." Both Vegeta and 
Trunks' hair turned bright yellow and the car started to speed up!
 Tenchi took the exit and made his way onto the highway going 102 mph. 
"That's it Tenchi baby, show them how to drive," Ryoko laughed and 
turned to look behind them. 
 The Viper swerved around a diesel and blasted past them with ease. 
Vegeta shifted into fourth gear and hit 132 mph at the turn. Vegeta 
turned the steering wheel and the car swerved left cutting onto another 
straightaway. He smirked at Trunks as he cut past two Toyota's and 
turned onto the exit nearest the hotel.
  Tenchi swerved past the Toyota's just in time to see Vegeta's Viper 
dive into traffic. "Damn it Ryoko, he got away!" Tenchi's scratchy 
voice was stretched in his scream. Tenchi turned the wheel and the 
Corvette shifted onto the exit and they headed for the hotel, 
coincidently where Vegeta is staying.
Ryoko smiled and scooted over to the edge of her seat, "I know just the 
thing to cheer you up on the long ride home, baby." Ryoko bent over and 
unbuttoned Tenchi's brown pants.
 Tenchi yelled in protest, "Uh Ryoko, I don't think we should do this- 
Tenchi was cut off by the pleasure of Ryoko's mouth settling over his 
stiff cock. Tenchi's driving style loosened a little more each time 
Ryoko bobbed her head and he started protesting again. "Ryoko, please, 
I can't even- Tenchi silenced himself when he felt his wife's tongue 
slide all over his throbbing rod.
 Ryoko slid off of Tenchi's cock and looked up at him with a smile. 
"Tenchi, why don't you pull over into that alley beside the hotel, that 
way you can devote all your attention to me," Ryoko smiled and scooted 
back into her seat. She slid her hand into her shirt and undid her bra, 
soon pulling it out and laying it in the floorboard. Ryoko started to 
caress her right breast and tickle her nipple.
 Tenchi couldn't help it, his cock was throbbing, so he pulled into the 
alley and put the car in park. Tenchi undid his seatbelt and moved his 
hand towards his CD case. Tenchi unzipped the case and pulled out 
Marilyn Manson's Holy Wood CD. Ryoko moaned and Tenchi fumbled with the 
CD. He quickly slipped it in and switched it to the Fight Song. 
 Ryoko waited until Tenchi turned towards her and then she spread her 
legs revealing the wet spot at her crotch. Ryoko let Tenchi push 
himself on top of her and start pulling down her red pants to her 
ankles. Ryoko glanced down at her smooth legs and her wet panties with 
a smile. She watched as Tenchi stripped her black panties down to her 
ankles and dive for her womanhood.
  Tenchi's head was surrounded by the sweet smell of his wife and he 
liked it a lot. Tenchi touched Ryoko's clit with the tip of his tongue 
tantalizing her with excitement. He could feel the soft, wetness of her 
clit and it only made him hungrier. Tenchi pushed more of his tongue 
onto Ryoko's clit and slid down to her lips. Tenchi licked her lips and 
heard a small moan escape from her lips. Tenchi finally let the beat of 
the rock music get to him and he let his tongue dive into Ryoko's wet 
opening. Tenchi's tongue explored Ryoko's womanhood and Tenchi was soon 
drowning in Ryoko's juices. 
 "Please Tenchi, lets save the best for last," Ryoko smiled as Tenchi's 
wet face appeared out from between her legs. She saw the smile flash 
from Tenchi's face and it only made her want him even more.
 Tenchi lifted himself up and positioned his stiff shaft in front of 
Ryoko's womanhood. He touched the opening with the head of his penis 
and then slid it all the way into her. Tenchi's mind spun with all the 
different feelings, the smell of her, the feel of Ryoko's warmth around 
his cock, and the beautiful feeling of having Ryoko in his arms. Tenchi 
soon heard the hard rock beat of the music again and he started out 
slowly pushing into Ryoko. He moved back and forth sliding into Ryoko 
farther and farther each time. Tenchi reached up and grabbed Ryoko's 
breasts even though they were still covered. He squeezed them each time 
his hips pumped his cock into Ryoko.
  Ryoko couldn't help but to start moaning louder and louder as she 
watched Tenchi pump into her slowly. She watched her grayish blue pubic 
hair tangle with his black hair with each thrust. She watched his 9-
inch cock start pumping into her harder and harder each time. "Oh god, 
Tenchi please don't stop, whatever you do, don't stop!" Ryoko screamed, 
barely drowning out the loud rock music. Ryoko couldn't stand the 
wonderful feeling of Tenchi's cock going so far into her.
  Tenchi could start to feel his cock tremble with orgasm as he pumped 
into Ryoko along with the beat of the song. Tenchi let out a small moan 
and tried to hold it in as long as he could. He couldn't hold it 
anymore, he exploded inside Ryoko one, two, three, four times and 
miraculously she cummed right with him and they both settled down. 
Tenchi trembled with an aftershock of pleasure while trying to pull his 
shaft out of Ryoko. Tenchi flew back into the driver's seat and 
buttoned his pants up. Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead and 
fell to his shirt. Tenchi breathed hard and soon recovered his breath.
 Ryoko didn't even bother putting her pants back on for a few minutes. 
She looked down and saw her juices still spilling out onto the seat. 
Then it struck her, this was a new car, and Tenchi is going to be 
pissed. "Um Tenchi darling, I kind of made a mess," Ryoko looked up at 
Tenchi innocently and moved to the backseat while cleaning herself off 
with her hand. Ryoko stumbled into the backseat with her pants around 
her ankles but she soon got comfortable.
 "RYOKO, this is a new car, why did you have to cum all over the seat. 
What I'm I going to do with you?" Tenchi sighed heavily prepared to 
pull the car out of the alley.
 Ryoko pulled her panties and pants back up and replied, "You can take 
me back to the hotel so we can do this again," Ryoko smiled seductively 
and put her hand on Tenchi's shoulder.
 Mihoshi sighed as she stared at the ceiling of the hotel room; she was 
totally bored. Mihoshi stepped off the bed and walked over to the small 
mirror over the desk by the wall. "Why did Ryoko get Tenchi, I have 
such a beautiful body. But if I wasn't so clumsy, he would like me 
then," Mihoshi spoke to herself while staring at her body through the 
mirror. She pressed her tan sweatshirt against her breasts and sighed 
again for no reason. "When am I going to find that special someone.IT'S 
NOT FAIR!" Mihoshi jumped back onto the bed and beat her fists against 
the mattress. "I want somebody to love me, why, it's just not fair," 
Mihoshi cried and cried until the door unlatched. Mihoshi stopped 
crying that second and rolled off the bed with a loud thump. She heard 
the voices of Kiyone and Ayeka entering the room. 
 "But Kiyone, do even think it's right, I mean master Tenchi is married 
to Ryoko. I do despise that evil pirate but that is just horrible, 
Ryoko doesn't even deserve that," Mihoshi heard Ayeka speak. 
 "Come on Ayeka, loosen up, it's not like we're going to kill her, 
we're just going bruise her up a bit," Kiyone laughed.
  "Well okay but what about Mihoshi? If she learns of this than her 
loud mouth is going to blurt it out to everyone," Ayeka replied.
  Mihoshi rolled under the bed and hid right as Kiyone stepped in the 
spot she was just in. Mihoshi sighed and lifted her head for reasons we 
will never learn. Mihoshi smacked her head against the wood frame under 
the mattress and yelped in a second's pain.
  "What was that?" Mihoshi felt Kiyone jump up from the bed. Mihoshi 
looked to her left and found herself staring into Kiyone's eyes. 
Mihoshi rolled to her right and was abruptly stopped in the passage 
between the twin beds. Ayeka had trapped Mihoshi between her feet and 
was smiling seductively. 
 "I know of something that would be quite the wrong thing to do right 
now, but it will be quite necessary if we wish that Mihoshi's mouth 
kept shut," Ayeka bent down to Mihoshi and ran her hand along the space 
between Mihoshi's breasts. "How do you feel about this?" Ayeka laughed 
and looked over to Kiyone.
 "I feel just fine about this, I mean, it is the necessary thing to 
do," Kiyone laughed and started to unbutton her gray pants. Ayeka 
backed up and unbuttoned her long skirt letting it fall to the floor; 
revealing her beautiful legs and white panties.
 "Please Kiyone, don't do this to me. I won't tell anybody, I promise," 
Mihoshi's voice sounded terrified. 
 Kiyone took off her shoes and pulled off her all ready unbuttoned 
pants. Kiyone then stripped off her blue panties and spread her legs 
revealing a green tuft of hair right above her womanhood.
Mihoshi switched her vision from Kiyone and noticed a totally nude 
Ayeka. She watched as Ayeka neared her and moved right over her head.
 "I know you won't say anything after this Mihoshi," Ayeka plopped down 
on top of Mihoshi's face, letting her womanhood collide with Mihoshi's 
lips. Ayeka wiggled around on Mihoshi's face and begged for Kiyone to 
join in.
 Kiyone decided to leave her patrol top and just plopped down beside 
Mihoshi's legs. Kiyone paused for a second to hear Mihoshi's muffled 
screams but then continued towards Mihoshi's waist. Kiyone started to 
unbutton Mihoshi's pants but Mihoshi started to kick wildly almost 
stopping Kiyone from pulling her pants down. Kiyone found herself 
becoming wet as she listened to Ayeka moan in pleasure and pull off 
Mihoshi's shoes at the same time. Kiyone removed Mihoshi's pants after 
removing her shoes and soon went for her panties. Kiyone saw that 
Mihoshi was wet herself and then she stripped off Mihoshi's panties 
from her flailing legs. Kiyone spread apart Mihoshi's legs and moved 
three fingers up to her virgin pussy. She tickled Mihoshi's lips with 
her fingertips and then slid all three in as far as they could go. 
Kiyone giggled at the warmth that surrounded her fingers and it made 
her very horny. Kiyone moved her free hand down to her womanhood and 
started to tease her own lips. Kiyone started to slide her fingers in 
and out of Mihoshi's womanhood slowly making Mihoshi scream even more. 
Kiyone had just realized that Mihoshi wasn't a virgin anymore, sort of. 
She had just split Mihoshi apart with her fingers! Kiyone laughed at 
what she had just done and started sliding her fingers into Mihoshi's 
pussy faster and faster. 
 Ayeka was smothering Mihoshi's face her with pussy. Ayeka could feel 
her juices start to flow from her body and onto Mihoshi's face as she 
wiggled around on Mihoshi's face more and more. 
   Mihoshi couldn't help but follow through with her friend's evil 
plan. She thought that if she helped get Ayeka off faster it would end 
faster. Mihoshi let her tongue part her wet lips and enter Ayeka's 
pussy slowly. Mihoshi then started to move her tongue around faster and 
faster causing screams to escape Ayeka. Mihoshi could feel Ayeka 
respond by wiggling faster and harder onto her face. Mihoshi, besides 
the limited amount of breath, kept exploring Ayeka's womanhood with 
unknown interest. After minutes of unwanted pleasure Mihoshi finally 
cummed all over Kiyone's fingers. Waves of pleasure being sent all 
through her body and finally the orgasm was over and Kiyone had 
stopped. 
  Ayeka felt the pleasure of orgasm soon after and let her cum explode 
all over Mihoshi's face. Ayeka used the advantage and wiggled in her 
own cum adding limitless amounts of pleasure to her orgasm. "Oh 
Mihoshi, oh god Mihoshi!" Ayeka screamed loudly and soon fell backwards 
onto Mihoshi's wet thighs. 
 Kiyone was putting her panties on in the corner and taking off her 
top. She replaced it with a simple white t-shirt and spoke; "Lets get 
into bed before Tenchi and Ryoko get here. It's a good thing that us 
three have the same bed, we no Mihoshi won't talk, she won't talk all 
night long," Kiyone smiled and walked over to the bed, slipping under 
the covers.
  Ayeka pulled Mihoshi up and pulled her over to the bathroom door. "I 
think I'm going to keep Mihoshi quiet in the shower while I cleanse 
myself of today's filth. Ayeka pulled Mihoshi into the bathroom and 
shut the door, soon locking it. 
 Nagi slammed her foot against the gas pedal jetting her Toyota Supra 
away from her ex-boyfriend's house. Nagi sped through traffic soon 
making it out onto the highway, "I can't believe that bastard was with 
another women, he was cheating on me." Nagi switched the Supra into 
third gear and gunned it down the highway at 85 mph. "Why did I leave 
space to live down here in this bastard planet. Just because I'm 
getting paid four million dollars to compete in RollerBall doesn't mean 
I have to be down here for three years. Of course that money is good in 
any place in the universe Nagi, just keep reminding yourself," She 
hated this planet with everything she had. "Oh well, I can't want to 
see what Ryoko's up to. It's to bad they made me buy a totally separate 
hotel room or it would be a lot more fun," Nagi laughed as she realized 
she was talking to herself. She silenced herself and slammed her foot 
down onto the gas pedal gunning the Supra towards the exit. Suddenly, 
right at the exit, a loud blaring sound hit her ears, a very familiar 
sound. Nagi checked the rear view mirror and sure enough there was a 
squad car tailing her. Of course, she smiled and kept her speed up the 
paved hill. Nagi hit the flat part of the hill and jetted the car two 
feet in the air. Nagi landed the Supra and crossed right through 
traffic onto another road. She dodged through numerous cars and found 
herself at a red light. She watched as her car neared a large line of 
traffic crossing the street in front of her and she figured she was 
trapped. Nagi watched as a car about 20 feet away moved into another 
lane and revealed a tow truck. "The rear end is slanted just enough," 
Nagi laughed as the car moved up to 90 miles an hour. Nagi was 
anticipating the arrival of the jump and it seemed like a long way 
their. Nagi could feel her mind slow as she neared 10 feet from the tow 
truck, the light was still red. A sudden white light slowed everything 
down even more and Nagi's life was repeated right in front of her eyes. 
Then the realization hit Nagi, she was about to die, but for what 
reason? 
  Then everything sped up in an instant and an unknowing citizen 
crossed the street. Despite her life flashing in front of her life she 
turned and hit the tow truck at a slant. She felt the car hit the air 
and her vision started to spin along with it. Her vision stopped 
sideways and she saw a red Mustang right in her path of destruction. 
Nagi shouted in fear for one of the first times ever and she turned the 
steering wheel knowing that nothing would happen. Then the car hit the 
ground and landed on that turned tire; the car spun and slammed into 
the mustang with not much force at all.
  Everything had stopped and Nagi was torn out of her seatbelt, lying 
on her back against the car door, which was now the floor. Nagi tried 
to pull herself up but her sweater tore on the broken steering wheel. 
"Shit, my favorite sweater. Why do these people make clothes out of 
such fragile fabric?" Nagi used her strength she acquired over the 
years, by playing RollerBall, and pushed herself right through the door 
less passenger side of the car and onto the cement outside. She looked 
around and everybody was outside of his or her cars staring at her 
intensely. Nagi finally raised herself up and checked for the cops. 
There they were, three of them, busting through the crowd with 
handcuffs. Nagi turned to run but she fell with pain from her ankle. 
Then she felt the cold, painful metal of the handcuffs restraining her 
hands behind her back. "You have the right to remain- Nagi cut them 
off, "I KNOW!"
 The three cops all lifted her off her feet and carried her to the 
ambulance near by. "I'm fine, just take me to the station," Nagi cursed 
under her breath after finishing the sentence. All three of the cops 
carefully moved her over to the cop car, opened the back door, and laid 
her in the back carefully. 
  Nagi positioned herself comfortably on the seat watched the two cops 
get into the squad car. "You know guys, I can lots of things that will 
change your mind about this. Just agree to let me go and I will do 
anything you want," Nagi smiled seductively as one of them turned 
around.
  "I've got the perfect idea miss, you can shut your mouth before I pop 
two caps in your beautiful, but annoying ass," The two cops laughed and 
the one in the driver's seat started the car. Nagi was forced into the 
back of seat as the car started off past the crowd. One cop picked up 
the radio, "This is car 34-B and we need three or four squad cars to 
get down to Carter and Indigo to handle a big wreck. We all ready have 
arrested the driver so the squad cars and a clean up crew will be all," 
The cop let his thumb off the button and waited for a couple of 
seconds. A woman's voice came over the radio, "I copy, they'll be sent 
to Carter and Indigo right away, over and out," The woman didn't talk 
again.
 Nagi sat in the backseat day dreaming about nothing for what seemed 
like an eternity until finally the car pulled up outside the Police 
Station and she was dragged inside. The two cops pushed her past 
different characters and one seemed to catch her eye; a kind of short 
man, tall spiky yellow hair, yellow eyebrows, seductive light green 
eyes, and a muscular body. He reminded her of somebody she had seen 
before around the RollerBall arena. 
  Another push knocked her out of her stare and she was being forced 
down to the holding cells. She heard the cop talk to someone, "Hey, 
this is the crash victim, she's going to holding block 32-A so I'll 
explain it later." Nagi again felt herself being pushed and soon she 
was locked inside of a jail cell. She kicked the wall and threw herself 
on the bottom bunk of the bunk. She heard a woman's voice shoot from 
atop the bunk bed.
  "I saw you come in and don't worry, you won't be here for long. They 
always put the criminals they catch in here first so they can sort 
things out. It's kind of cool because I get fucked all the time when 
they put a man in here," The woman jumped down onto the floor beside 
Nagi and smiled.
  "Um no, I don't think so," Nagi protested.
  "Well if you don't want to, oh well, my names Cammy," She extended 
her hand.
  "My names Nagi," Nagi extended her hand and then they greeted. But 
then Nagi was jerked from her bed and into Cammy's arms. Nagi felt 
Cammy grab her ass tightly and wrap one leg behind hers. She was 
knocked back onto the bed and Cammy started taking Nagi's pants off. 
Nagi watched as Cammy slid her pants off and dove for her panties. Nagi 
rolled out of the way but was still grabbed by Cammy. 
  Cammy smiled and slid Nagi's panties off revealing her juicy 
womanhood. Cammy forcefully pulled Nagi's legs apart and pushed for 
fingers into her. Cammy slid those four fingers back and forth harshly 
until a scream frightened her off of Nagi. It was a manly scream and it 
was very angry.
  "What do mean I can't visit somebody, do you know who I am?" The 
person cried out again. 
  They heard the watchmen respond, "No sir I don't so why don't you." 
Cammy and Nagi didn't hear anything else. 
  Nagi gasped when the man came into view, it was the man from just a 
few minutes ago. "I don't even want to know what happened here, but get 
your clothes together and hurry with it," The man turned and stood like 
a statue.
  Cammy jolted up to the bars and grabbed the man, "Please let me come 
to," Cammy pleaded.
  "Remove your hand from my shirt woman," The man still stood.
  "Please let me come with you," Cammy screamed it this time.
  The man spun around knocking loose of Cammy's grasp, "Listen woman, 
if you get me caught I will personally fuck you up," The man smirked. 
  "You son of a bitch, you let me out of here right now," Cammy 
screamed again. 
  The man turned around and grabbed two of the bars that were beside 
each other. He barely moved his hands and he bent the bars sideways 
leaving enough space for a hand to get through. Then the man pushed his 
hand through the hole and it started to glow. He watched as Cammy moved 
closer with mystery on her mind. Then the man let out a growl and a 
blast of energy slammed into Cammy's face knocking her back into the 
concrete wall. 
  "I know who you are now," Nagi had her clothes on and she ran up to 
the man. "You are Vegeta of team DBZ, but why are you here?" She 
watched Vegeta smile and motion for her to move back. When she did 
Vegeta pointed her finger and the bars and sliced them down with a beam 
of energy. Nagi stepped through the hole and was taken into Vegeta's 
arms.
  "Now listen woman, don't be offended by what I'm about to do but it's 
the only way to get you out of here," Vegeta smirked and pointed his 
hand towards the entrance to the cells. A ball of yellow energy formed 
in his hand and then it blasted off at the door blowing away one side 
of the Police Station. Vegeta turned towards the cells and pointed his 
hand again, this time with a devilish smirk. He then let out a scream 
and a huge blast escaped from the palm of his hand. The beam of energy 
collided with one of the walls and the cellblocks went up in an 
explosion. Vegeta then looked at Nagi and then looked at where the 
ceiling had been. He blasted up off the ground and landed on the 
outside next to his car. "Get in quickly," Vegeta jumped over the right 
side of the car and landed on the left side. Both of them then entered 
the car and Vegeta drove off down the street soon turning into a back 
alley.
 Nagi turned towards Vegeta, "Why did you get me out of jail?" Nagi was 
very confused.
 Vegeta laughed and turned towards Nagi, "A deal is a deal."

Hoped you liked it, I know I liked writing it. 
