Disclaimer
Please don't sue me, I do all of this for fun but... to the people that read it, 
I hope you like it!
 

Chapter 1 R U Ready 4 Fun Sasami
 

Tenchi stood outside the school, just like he did everyday at this time. He 
scratched his head and let out a small sigh. She hadn't come out of the school 
yet.
"He" as in Sasami. Tenchi couldn't understand his attraction to the Japanese 
youth. He just knew it was there and he had to do something about it. But
what? Getting caught up in his thoughts, he didn't even notice Sasami leave the 
building. So when he came face to face her, he was rather surprised to see her
standing there.

Sasami was dressed in her regular school uniform. A navy blue sweater with a 
white dress shirt underneath it. Green and navy blue plaid skirt and black shoes
completed her look, along with a bunch of books in her right hand. She looked 
Tenchi over for a minute before realizing that she should probably be ready hug
him, rather than stare. Sasami slapped Tenhi to wake him up from his little 
daze.

Tenchi didn't do anything about that. He simply folded his arms across his chest 
and looked the Japanese over. With a subtle smirk, he narrowed his almond
eyes and said "Come on let's go." 

Sasami smiled and then followed the sexy Japanese to where his motorcycle was 
parked. Tenchi swung one leg over the large machine gracefully, then curled his
long fingers around the handlebars. He glanced over his shoulder back to Sasami, 
who was just standing there. "You coming or what?" 

Sasami nodded and walked over. Placing his books in the so called "trunk", she 
climbed onto the powerful motorcycle and sat behind Tenchi. Sitting back, he
held onto the back of the seat with both hands. 

"You'll fall off if you sit like that, Sasami. I go fast."

"How fast are we talking here?"

Tenchi smirked and adjusted his mirror so he could see Sasami's face. "Real 
fast."

The Japanese girl blinked. "Oh." With that, he placed his hands on each side of 
Tenchi's waist. Sasami suddenly felt very nervous and she blushed.

Smiling inwardly at Sasami's blushing, Tenchi asked "You ready?"

Sasami nodded. "Yeah, I think so."

" ƒ?~kay." Tenchi replied and started the bike. The machine came to life with a 
loud roar and vibrated violently between the two of their legs. Tenchi moved
the kickstand up with his foot, and soon, the motorcycle took off down the 
street. 

As the bike went faster, Sasami found himself holding onto Tenchi tighter. "How 
much longer is it?" Sasami shouted over the motorcycle's roaring
engine. "It's been 20 minutes."

"Not much longer." Tenchi spoke.

"What?" Sasami shouted, pulling himself closer and resting his chin on the other 
boy's shoulder.

Tenchi's eyes went wide at this. Then, getting an idea, he turned his head 
slightly in Sasami's direction so his mouth was just above the little girl's 
ear.
He breathed warmly into it before simply saying "Almost there."

The hairs on the back of Sasami's neck stood up and he tingled a bit after 
Tenchi did that. He was a little uncomfortable, but it wasn't a bad thing. Not 
at
all!

Not long after the fact, Tenchi brought the motorcycle to a stop in front of a 
rather run-down motel. He shut the engine off and brought the kickstand down.
"We can hang out here for a little whileƒ?Ý unless you wanna do it now?"

Sasami shrugged, her arms still around Tenchi's waist. "Whatever's good for 
you."

Tenchi smiled evilly and slid back a little bit on the bike's seat, pressing 
himself into Sasami. "Are you sure you wanna know what I wanna do?"

Sasami's hands roamed across Tenchi's abdomen muscles in a teasing manner before 
he breathed into his ear "Yeah." 

He leaned back against her and moved his large hands up and down the girl's 
thighs. Sasami nuzzled into the boy's neck while his hands roamed over
Tenchi's chest and stomach. 

"God damn, Sasamiƒ?Ý" Tenchi breathed. "Let's go in before I fuck you right out 
here in public."

Sasami gently bit at Tenchi's neck before letting him go.

"Okayƒ?Ý I have some of my gang staying here too, so just kinda play along, 
ƒ?~k?"

"Play along with what?" Sasami asked.

"Just trust me." Tenchi said with a smile. Not a smirk, but a smile.

Sasami nodded. 

Tenchi got up off the bike and waited for Sasami to get off it as well. Once 
they neared the motel's entrance, Tenchi grabbed Sasami by her collar and
dragged her to one of the rooms. He opened the door with his free hand and 
dragged Sasami inside. Once in the room, Sasami saw what had to amount to at 
least
8 kids, all her age.

"Finally gonna duke it out, boss?" One of the punks asked.

"Yeah." Tenchi answered. "You guys get outta here, this could get ugly."

" ƒ?~kay, boss." Was the reply, then soon the room was empty except for Sasami 
and Tenchi.

Sasami massaged the back of her neck. "Geez, you didn't need to drag me so 
hard."

"Well, I doubt they would have bought it if I had my hand on your ass."

Sasami shrugged. "Guess you're right."

Tenchi grinned and moved to stand in front of Sasami. "You knowƒ?Ý" Tenchi 
pulled his boots off. "ƒ?Ý you made my dick feel sooooooo hard back
there."

"Oh, I'm sorry." Sasami remarked, fake innocent look. He sat down on the bed and 
pulled of his shoes as well. "I didn't mean to." He added,
shyly.

Tenchi knelt down in front of where Jin was sitting on the bed and moved the 
girl's legs apart. With one hand, he worked on slowly undoing Sasami's skirt.
With his other hand, Tenchi massaged the girl's inner thigh. "I must really be 
in for it then." He tugged on Sasami's stockings and pulled them down.
Smiling wildly, Tenchi noticed Sasami wasn't wearing anything beneath them, much 
like herself. He brushed his fingertips along Sasami's length, exciting
the girl further, then he pulled away.

Sasami made a disappointed noise. "Why'd you stop?"

 

Sorry but that is the end until Later
