as tenchi walked home he was lost in though,he was thinking about what
the teacher said about space.the teacher had said , their are space pirate's
in space even if we never met one,scienist said they found a princees in
space but she got away,but the boys in tenchi's class wasn't so fold of
princess they were fold in hot babe and space pirate's.

suddenly,tenchi slipped on a rock ochhh! that hurts,when he opened his eyes
he saw a ship a black ship.when he walked to cheak out the ship he saw a
girl
behide the  ship she was wearing a black and red suit kind of like a battle
suit she had golden eyes and a light blue hair.

then she spotted him.then she formed a energy sword,he got scare but
couldn't
move,he tryed but couldn't.and in few seconds she was right in front of
him,then sword was right on his neck.

who are you? she asked .my name is tenchi masaki.then the sword was
gone.then
she turned and said ryo-oki come. the ship formed into a cabbit .then she
turned to tenchi by the waymy name is ryoko hubaki,do you have a place for
me
to stay?asked ryoko. well would you want to come with me? said tenchi.

ok.he was still looking at ryoko. how far more she asked?only behide this
shine .ok then she grabbed his and they start to go up in the air,put me
down
said tenchi.don't you want to get home?

yes! but not from the air .by the way if someone saw you they think your a
space pirate or something.then she stopped.how do you know i'm a space
pirate. i don't know lucky guest.then they were in front of the house.thisis
were you live.yes.hey! tenchi who's the chick?oh on ! kento is here from
school hi!kentowhat are you doing here well after school i want home and
then
i said to my self that you did not get a
invite to the dance.oh that all . no!you have to get a date so i guest you
don't have a date .what i do have a date!!!!!! oh who is your
date.aaaaaa!!!!!!! i am said ryoko.tenchi was shock because she did want to
go out with him.oh so that's why your hear said kento.

well bye tenchi. so your going me to the or are you going to back out on
me.well let me see i said i'll go with you so i would say yes i am going
with
you i won't back out on you.thanks ryoko your different from those girls at
school.well i am a space pirate you know.then she start to go all over
tenchi. then they were teleported to tenchi's room it was drak out side any
how.

then ryoko change into her night cloths and went into the bed.hey!!!!!got
out
of my bed but when he saw her she was already asleep,so he didn't wake her
up.she selpt like an angel so peaceful so beautiful.

                      end of part 1
well hope you like it it's my first fanfic you can e-mail me and tell me if
you liked it at amajid8084@aol.com next chapter-no need for a dance

