Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi, Pioneer
and AIC do.  So bleh!


		Ryoko's Idea
		by Dade Gifford

	Tenchi surveyed the fields.  After
he was sure that every carrot was safe, and
that no weed was left unpulled, he picked up
his hoe and headed back to the house.  Tenchi
went into the onsen and took an uneventful
bath.  Then he sat down and enjoyed a great
dinner from Sasami.  <Life is good,> he 
thought.
	"Afternoon, Tenchi," said Aeka from
the sofa. 
	"Hi, Aeka," he said in a rather 
cheery tone.
	They sat and watched the TV for a
little while.  After about an hour of this,
Tenchi went to the shrine to practice with
Katsuhito for a little while.  After Tenchi
had been knocked down about fifteen times 
and his head had innumerable bumps on it,
Katsuhito allowed him to go back to the
house.
	As Tenchi settled into bed, he 
couldn't help but notice one thing: Ryoko
hadn't bothered him this whole time!  And,
she wasn't anywhere to be seen.  This made
Tenchi wonder for a little while, but he
didn't let it worry him much.  Tenchi 
drifted off to sleep...
	IN WASHU'S LAB
	"Okay, Washu, are you sure this 
will work?"
	"........"
	"Washu-CHAN, are you sure that 
this will work?"
	"Positive!  And if you get the
desired results from it, you MUST call me
MOM!!"
	"No guarantees."
	Ryoko and Washu had a little 
conversation in the middle of her lab. 
Ryoko had finally done the most obvious
thing to get Tenchi to love her.  She had
gone and asked for Washu's help.  And of
course, Washu was happy to oblige, but
at some cost, apparently.
	*THUD*
	"OWWW!"
	"I said, you MUST call me mom, if
this thing works out for you."
	"NO!"
	*THUD*
	"OWWW!!"
	"A-hem."
	"All right all right!  But I doubt
it'll work!"
	Washu smiled brightly.  Her newest
invention would prove to have some interesting
results, either way.
	Tenchi awoke the next morning feeling
refreshed.  He sat up and stretched.  "Ahhh, 
Saturday!" he said.  "Nothing but chores today.
No school.."
	So he left the bedroom and went to 
take a shower.  Tenchi brushed his teeth, 
gargled some mouthwash, and left the bathroom.
After he exited, he saw Aeka standing there,
politely waiting her turn.
	"Ohayo, Tenchi," she said.
	"Ohayo, Aeka!" said Tenchi.
	Tenchi looked her in the eyes and 
smiled brightly.  Aeka blushed and giggled
demurely.  Tenchi tromped down the stairs
to go get breakfast.  After eating and 
complementing Sasami on yet another breakfast
well done, he left to the fields.  Tenchi
walked down the path, thinking about how 
lucky he was that yesterday, and now today
were going so well.  <Maybe it has something
to do with the fact that Ryoko isn't around?>
he thought, but pushed that away.  Ryoko 
wasn't bad...just a little pushy.
	Okay, maybe not just a LITTLE pushy...
	Suddenly, as Tenchi took one more
step, the ground gave way and he fell, not
even having the time for a startled yelp.
	Tenchi fell for what seemed like
ages, but then he was standing on plain 
ground, when he had been falling not moments
earlier.  Then again, as he looked at the
ground, it wasn't too plain.  It was 
carpeted.  "Carpet?" he commented out loud,
not even bothering to contemplate the fact
that he had just fallen and not even felt 
an impact, or even thinking about any
danger that might be associated with the
situation.
	Tenchi pricked up his ears as
music started to play.  It had a beat to
it, but was mellow.  It sounded...  Tenchi
knew he had heard it before, but couldn't
quite place where...  Tenchi shrugged that
thought off and looked around.  A bed was
in the corner, or at least something like
a corner.  Tenchi could see carpet going
on forever in all directions, and yet when 
he walked over and tried to go past the
bed, he ran into a wall.
	Tenchi, after having been through
a lot of disasters already, was rather
calm about finding a way out.  He looked
up, but saw only darkness, and yet, it
radiated a light as mellow as the music,
which had started playing in the tune of
a flute.  Now that he thought about it,
Tenchi remembered where he'd heard that
song before...  It was on one of those
romance tapes his dad has.  One of the
rare tapes where they don't...DO it.  
	Out of nowhere, Tenchi recognized
a figure stepping into the area.  Since
the light was so low, he had a hard time
telling who it was at first, but then
his senses told him it was Ryoko.
	"Ryoko?  Where are we?  And by
the way, where have you been?"
	"Tenchi..." she said in a sultry
voice.
	"W-w-what?" said Tenchi, starting
to get the idea of what was going on.
	"Tenchi...there's something I 
wanted to give to you," she continued.
	Tenchi gulped.  "W-what is it?"
	Ryoko said one word that made
all of Tenchi's internal alarms go off.
	"Me."
	"Uhh, Ryoko..."
	Her normal outfit, the one with
the pink sash, had started to sag, 
revealing her shoulders.
	Tenchi looked for a place to 
run, but there didn't seem to be one...
	Ryoko continued walking to him
at a leisurely pace, and every couple
of steps, her outfit would sag a little
more.
	After about six steps, Tenchi's
nose started to bleed.  His eyes widened,
and he put his hands up to it in an 
attempt at stopping it.
	After her tenth step towards
Tenchi, Ryoko's oufit, no longer supported
by anything, fell away.  Tenchi turned
around very quickly.
	Ryoko put her arms around him,
and the sensation of her chest against his
back started the long, hard battle against
Tenchi's will of steel.  Ryoko licked his
ear, and they weakened a little more, but
Tenchi had lots of support to give.
	Ryoko put her arms under Tenchi's,
and lifted him into the air.  
	"Aai!" Tenchi yelped as the ground
fell away from him.
	Ryoko was carrying him towards the
bed.  On seeing this, Tenchi started to 
struggle, trying to get away from her. 
But Ryoko was determined not to let him get
away, not this time...At least not until 
she knew how Tenchi felt about her.
	Ryoko let Tenchi drop onto the bed
and ripped his shirt away.  He wouldn't be
needing it, or so Ryoko thought.  Tenchi
looked at Ryoko like a deer in headlights.
Tenchi's eyes were drawn lower, to the
headlights.  <Nice...large....soft...No!
Must resist!  What would Aeka think?!>
his mind began to fight his natural 
impulses.
	Ryoko straddled him and started
to kiss his chest.  Tenchi tried to force
her off, but she had his hands by his 
sides.  Her mouth got down to the edge
of his pants, and using one sharp fang,
Ryoko ripped away the button fastening
them.  Tenchi was really trying to force
her off now, using every ounce of strength
he had, but it wasn't enough.
	Ryoko stopped, and looked into his
eyes.  "Tenchi...Make love to me," she said,
pleadingly.  The music's beat had started
to speed up, as did Tenchi's heart.
	He forced his eyes away from any
and every one of her tantalizing curves,
and focused on trying to think of something
to say that would allow him to escape.
	As he was about to say something,
Ryoko frenched him deeply, her tongue
reaching his molars.  "MMfff!" he said
into her mouth.  Ryoko moaned in a most
seductive manner.
	Ryoko tore his pants off, leaving
him clad in almost nothing, save for his
undergarments.  Tenchi's defenses were
on the verge of collapse.  His struggles
got much more frantic, as Ryoko, her
face still even with his, put one hand
on the front of his boxers.  She stroked
the material there.
	Electric feelings shot up Tenchi's
spine at her touch, but still he resisted.
	"Ryoko, get off of me right now!"
he yelled.  
	"Tenchi...you don't mean that.  
I love you Tenchi.  I want you."
	She engaged in a very long kiss
with him, to keep him from saying anything
more.  Ryoko also felt the bulge that was
quickly growing larger in his boxers, and
she started to work them off of him.  Tenchi
freed his hands and held on to them, trying
with all his might to keep clothed.
	RI-I-I-IP!
	Tenchi was still holding on to his
boxers.  But so was Ryoko.  And her hands
were far from his.  Tenchi now lay there,
naked.  The rim on his boxers had torn
not just separating from the rest of them,
but also splitting down the middle, so that
the rim fell off.
	"WAAAH!!" yelled Tenchi, as he 
reflexively covered himself.
	Ryoko's eyes grew wide with desire
as she tossed the boxers away.
	Tenchi's defenses were nearly
depleted.  They wouldn't hold out much
longer...
	Tenchi's erection pressed against
the inside of Ryoko's thigh.
	SNAP.
	It wasn't an audible sound, but it
had happened.  Tenchi, unable to hold himself
any longer, finally retaliated.
	He grabbed Ryoko by the shoulders,
and started to kiss her.  His right hand
wandered down to her breast and began to 
caress it, the nipple growing hard against 
his palm. 	
	Ryoko gasped with delight at the
fact that he wasn't struggling anymore.
	After a good, long kiss, Tenchi's
mouth went down to her other breast, and
he took it in between his lips.  His 
tongue drew circles around it, and 
flicked over her nipple.  Ryoko sighed,
and started to stroke his member lightly.
He moaned in a muffled tone.
	Tenchi's right hand finished with
her breast and began exploring.  It found
its way to her inner thigh, and started 
to caress her.  A finger slipped over the
smooth flesh at the entrance to her sex,
and she cried out lightly.
	Ryoko was letting Tenchi do the 
work, and didn't even flinch as his mouth
left her breast and he lowered himself
to her sex.  Tenchi began to do everything
he could with his hands and tongue to her.
Shocks of pleasure went up Ryoko's spine
as his tongue touched her clitoris.
	Ryoko cried out more loudly as 
she climaxed.  Tenchi came back up and
began to kiss her again.  After about
fifteen minutes, Ryoko was ready.  She
positioned herself over Tenchi's member
as he watched her.  Ryoko lowered
herself onto him, and she moaned with
delight as she sunk down, so that her
sex had entirely enveloped his manhood.
	Tenchi moaned deep in his throat,
grasping her hips, helping her along
with the work.  Ryoko worked her way
up and down, slowly drawing his member
out almost completely, and then all
the way back in.  Tenchi began to 
thrust, helping Ryoko along.  The music
in the background had reached a fever 
pitch, the volume rising.  But Tenchi
never noticed.
	He flipped Ryoko over so that
he was above her, and continued to 
thrust.  Ryoko locked her legs around
his back, and Tenchi leaned forward
into a kiss.  He continued to pump,
Ryoko moaning louder and louder.  
Tears formed at the corners of Ryoko's
eyes and traced a path down the sides
of her face.  She felt the climax 
building, and lost herself in the
amazing feeling.
	As she climaxed, the song
too reached a climax, and Tenchi felt
added pressure along his length, as
well as added lubrication.  He was
feeling tired, but spurned himself
on to pump faster.  He could feel
it building in him, his muscles
tightening, and finally, a feeling of
release, a drifting feeling, as he
shot his seed into Ryoko.
	Tenchi rolled off to the 
side, and Ryoko leaned over, resting
her head on his arm.  She was breathing
heavily, as was Tenchi.  Tenchi sighed,
and fell into a deep sleep.  When he
awoke the next morning, he was in his
bed, not the strange dimension.  Ryoko
was still on his arm.  Tenchi looked
over at her sleepily, allowing his
mind to piece the image together slowly.
	<She looks like an angel,> he
thought.
	Tenchi just stared at her for
a while, till he lost track of time.
Tenchi lost himself in her beauty, just
watching as she breathed.  After what
seemed like only a few seconds, but 
what had really been half an hour, 
Ryoko woke up.  She saw Tenchi staring
at her, and said, "Ohayo...mmm...I 
had a wonderful night Tenchi...  I 
never want to forget it."
	Tenchi could only nod; he didn't
trust his mouth to say anything that would
properly convey his emotions.  Instead, he
said, "We can't let Aeka know about this."
	Ryoko seemed a little sad.  "Why?
Don't you want everyone to know, so that
they can be happy for us?" she said.
	"Yes, but I don't want Aeka to
know.  She'd be heartbroken."
	"But.." 
	Tenchi put a finger to Ryoko's lips.
"Would you like it if I did that to you?"
he said.
	"I guess not."
	"That's my girl."
	Ryoko kissed him, her lips only 
parting after they were totally satisfied.
Tenchi looked at the clock and saw that
it was only 3:00 AM, so he put his arm
around Ryoko, and she lay her face onto
his chest, listening to his heart beat.
Eventually, she fell asleep.  
	Tenchi looked at Ryoko, once
again snoring lightly.  He smiled and
kissed her forehead.  She smiled in 
her sleep, and snuggled up closer.
	Tenchi sighed in contentment,
and closed his eyes.
=========================================
Well, I never said that I didn't like
Ryoko.  I know that 90% of the lemons
out there are Ryoko-oriented.  But, 
I just couldn't resist.  There was this
song I'd heard...I was playing the Tenchi
Muyo SNES game, and after a short battle,
the song started.  It began to lull me
for a bit, and I could only stare at
Ryoko's face in the dialog box.  Yeah,
I know, kind of corny, but...  Ah, well.
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.psychickitty.com -or-
www.geocities.com/cubone41  Oh, and by 
the way, don't ask about why the first
one is psychickitty.  It's a long story,
and I don't even remember all of it.
You'd probably be better off going to 
the geocities address, anywayz, cuz
the top one's from Namezero, and they
have an adbar,which may slow load times
down.  But other than that, they're the
same.