Ryoko's Sacrifice-- Part 1

By: MagikOpal (MagikOpal@hotmail.com)

Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters. This fan fic
comes entirely from my imagination. The real show is property of AIC and
Pioneer, so please, no one sue me... ok?

Author's Note: When you see an ~_____~, that means that it's a thought
quote, ok, now on to the story!!!



The area surrounding the Masaki house was calm and peaceful. The trees were
swaying in the autumn's brisk wind, and there were calm ripples in the pond:
everything was tranquil. Inside, there wasn't a sound, Kiyone and Mihoshi
were on an emergency call in the next galaxy over, and Tenchi's father and
grandfather were out on a trip to Tokyo. Still... no banging of pans as
Sasami joyfully cooked breakfast, no bickering between Ryoko and Ayeka, no
happy squeals from Ry-o-oki as he munched on a carrot and no exasperated
sighs from Tenchi as he tried to deal with the insanity of his house. There
was nothing until...

"Hello, everyone!" chimed Washu, after stepping out of her door. "Hello?
Hmm, that's odd, maybe they went out somewhere." Little did she know just
how right she was.
Somewhere out in space, a sleepy space pirate had just woken up, in a
surrounding completely unknown to her. Where am I? She thought to herself.
~The last thing I remember is, ahh, watching Tenchi sleep.~ Ryoko stood up
to stretch, only to find a pair of gleaming eyes watching her.
"Kagato!" she growled.
"My dear Ryoko, you awaken. Still sleeping late, just like always"
"Where am I?"
"Look around you my sweet, this is my sanctuary, and you and your friends
are my personal guests."
"Friends? Tenchi! Where is he?? TENCHI!!!!!!"
"He cannot hear you, nor can the Jurian girls. They are here somewhere,
quite close to you actually. You see Ryoko dear, I've missed you so, and I
decided to bring you to me, however, you have a strong bond with those
three, so, unfortunately, they too were brought here."
"Give them back, where are they! What do you want with them?"
"Want? Oh nothing from them, let me assure you. It's you I want. However, I
do suppose it would be amusing to hear the boy scream. Oh, how I do miss the
painful screams of inferior beings yes, I do think that could be enjoyable."
"You're crazy." With that Ryoko flung a sphere of energy at her previous
'owner'.
"Now, now Ryoko, mustn't have such a temper. However, I suppose, for a
slight exchange, I might just give them back to you. Eh eh eh, must control
yourself, I will tell you what it is I want once you find me." With those
final words, Kagato disappeared; leaving a maze that reached to the ceiling
in the large room. ~That shouldn't keep her for long, just enough to get her
upset.~
Tenchi woke up to a moan; he just had the most amazing, most sexual dream,
he was sorry it ended. He closed his eyes, trying to remember how it went,
but the images were leaving his mind, he couldn't concentrate.
"Oh well, it's probably time for breakfast anyway," he muttered,
surrendering to the morning, and opening his eyes. "What?" Tenchi was
strapped to a steal platform in a large room. "Ryoko!!! You let me out right
now!! Ryoko! This isn't funny!"
"I'm very sorry, however this isn't Ryoko's doing."
Tenchi looked to his left. There, on similar altars, were Ayeka and Sasami,
both sleeping at the moment.
"They won't wake up until I bid them to do so, they are under my spell. I
woke you from that most interesting dream," the voice mocked.
Tenchi blushed. "Who are you, show.... Kagato!"
Kagato appearing a few feet from Tenchi, looking down on him with amusement.
Tenchi grew nervous.
"Don't worry boy, my battle, isn't with you, it's with Ryoko."
"Ryoko? You mean... I'm bait?"
"Sharp as a tack, aren't you boy?" he said mockingly. "Yes, once Ryoko
arrives I shall..."
"Rhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhh!" cried that now furious Ryoko, as she made
a neat circle in the wall.
"Ahh, right on time Ryoko."
"Kagato I will kill you!! I will! I... Tenchi!" Ryoko flew right towards
Tenchi; however, Kagato got in her way. "Move," she growled.
"Now, now, Ryoko, you will listen to me, or..." A look of concentration
appeared on Kagato's face, following by a scream from Tenchi.
"TENCHI!"
"Now Ryoko, I am a man of my word. So here is my proposition: Tenchi, for
you."
"What? Ryoko, no! Don't you dare!" Tenchi warned.
"Done, just promise you will not hurt him, and put him somewhere more
comfortable while we fight."
"Your wish is my command Ryoko."
Suddenly, Tenchi was released from the iron altar, and moved into what
seemed to be a hovering bubble, only twenty feet away. Then, an unseen force
picked Ryoko up and dropped her violently upon the altar, securing her into
place.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi screaming, pushing against the bubble, but to no avail.
"What do you think your doing Kagato," Ryoko growled, trying to diminish the
fear growing inside of her. She pulled at the chains, only to feel a strong
electric charge race through her body. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
"Ryoko!" Tenchi screamed. "Kagato, you liar! You said it was a battle, this
is torture!"
Kagato turned to glare at Tenchi. "It was her choice Tenchi, she risked
herself, now shut up, and watch; you shall have your own torture."
"Now, now, Ryoko, I've wanted to do this for a very long time." He took out
a short, curved knife and pointed it at the top of Ryoko's kimono. With one
swift motion, he cut the fabric all the way to the end, then threw it out of
the way. He then held the knife to her stomach. "You have one chance to
leave this, Ryoko, just say the word."
Ryoko gasped. ~What is he going to do to me?~ "You shall never hurt Tenchi,
you bastard."
Kagato swished the knife, leaving a fresh red blood mark in Ryoko's stomach.
"Ryoko! Kagato! NO!"
Kagato looked longingly at Ryoko's naked body. "I've forgotten how beautiful
you are, my Ryoko."
"I'll never be yours."
Kagato took one powerful punch to Ryoko's left cheek, smacked her head to
the right onto the steal, making her wince. He then proceeded to remove his
clothing, slowly, to enjoy the look of fear on Ryoko's face, and the threats
being made by Tenchi. He leaned over Ryoko as to enjoy the look of her
breasts, but Ryoko took this opportunity to her advantage, and spit in his
face.
"You stupid bitch!" he roared, "do you not see your predicament!" He grabbed
his knife and made three quick swipes at her arms, letting the blood trickle
down. Ryoko screamed, long and loud. Seeing Ryoko with her mouth wide open,
he jumped onto the platform, kneeled in front of her face, and shoved his
now-hard pillar into her open mouth, Ryoko nearly gagged, and tried to bite
him. However, before she so much as began to close her teeth around it, fire
sprang up from the steel, burning all of her flesh that touched it.
"Now, Ryoko, you will give me pleasure, or you and the boy will die. As
always, it is your choice."
Ryoko gave a sad look in Tenchi's direction. He was staring,
horror-stricken, at the scene before him. He noticed Ryoko looking at him,
and began to scream at her not to do it, not to let this man take advantage
of her. Ryoko looked away. She then closed her mouth, slowly, and began to
work her mouth upon his manhood. Kagato moaned. She took her tongue and
pressed it against the hot flesh in her mouth, the sucked and slurped on him
noisily. Kagato began to grow harder and harder by the second. ~Ryoko is
good, he thought, I.. oh god!~ She then began to make swallowing motions,
allowing the tip amazing pleasure.
Tenchi was entranced. Ryoko was beautiful, and skilled it seemed. ~Tenchi!
He scolded himself, how could you be aroused at a time like this?~ He looked
at Kagato, he was breathing hard, twitching. Ryoko seemed very good, she was
sucked on him with expertise. Then he looked at her eyes, she was crying.
Guilt ran through him. He knew this wasn't for her, she would rather die
that do this to Kagato. This was about him. She would never let him die.
Finally, with a yowl, Kagato exploded into Ryoko's mouth. Ryoko tried to
spit it out, but Kagato held her mouth closed. "Swallow, now." Looking
pained, Ryoko swallowed his seed, gagging. "Good girl."
Ryoko looked at him with hatred. "You ass- ahhhh" Kagato had again grabbed
his knife, and cut her on her already bruised cheek.
"We shall have to teach you some manners Ryoko. He jumped off the platform
and onto the floor. Ryoko seemed to spasm... electricity was coursing
through her. She screamed for a long time after it stopped. Tenchi looked
away, he couldn't stand to see her this way.
"Look Tenchi! This is your torture, you are to watch every second! Obey me!"
Kagato roared, and again the electricity lashed out at Ryoko. She screamed.
As she regained control of her body, she turned her head to look at Tenchi,
he too, was crying.
"Now my Ryoko." Kagato concentrated. And the chains the held her feet moved
apart, taking her legs with them. When they stopped, Ryoko's legs were
spread as far as they could go, she was terrified. Tenchi was beating on his
bubble with all the strength he could muster.
"My poor Ryoko, you look so scared. You should be happy. You've always
wanted this. Why does it matter that it's with me instead of Tenchi."
"You...you... how would you know what I want?"
"I've been watching you, Ryoko. For years. Do you think I wouldn't see what
you did in your... spare time? Do you think I wouldn't have seen you in your
room, pleasuring yourself... screaming his name?"
Tenchi was shocked. He knew that she desired him but, that badly? How could
he have missed it? Even Kagato noticed. He looked at Ryoko, she was shaking
with rage.
"How dare you spy on me! This is MY life, not yours! You asshole, you stupid
asshole! Once I get out of here I will kill you! I will! You sick...
perverted bastard!"
"Why can't you learn! Ryoko," he screamed. "You will learn manners if I must
beat them into you!" He took his knife and hit her with the side of it,
leaving a horrible bruise on her calf muscle, then on the other. He hit her
repeatedly, everywhere he could reach, cut her with his knife until she bled
profoundly. The pain was unimaginable. Ryoko thought she would die, she
couldn't take the pain. She screamed and yowled and cried to no end. It hurt
so bad...
Tenchi looked on in pain. He was afraid to look away, what if Kagato hurt
her again. Ryoko had some bad times before, but this was the worst he had
ever seen her. She was screaming, crying, no control whatso ever. Her body
was covered in horrible bruises, blood was everywhere...her blood. Then,
when the beating stopped, Tenchi watched as Kagato shoved himself into her
outstretched legs, making her arch back and scream as she was filled with
him. He grabbed her breasts and began to pump, hard. He didn't care if it
hurt her or not.
However, no matter how hard Ryoko tried, she couldn't rid herself of the
pleasure inside her. It had been so long since she last had sex. She began
to sway her hips with his movement, and Kagoto noticed. He hit her upon her
sensitive breasts, and she cried out in pain.
"This is not for you Ryoko, this is for me, you shall not enjoy this. You
will sit there and allow me my long-awaited pleasure."
Tenchi was sobbing by now, he was raping her! Rape! He could never believe
it. Suddenly, Kagoto slapped her, punched her, even while pumping. Tenchi
could tell he was almost there. Kagoto screamed as he came, pouring his seed
all over Ryoko. Then fell upon her, crushing her beaten body below him.
Rage came coursing through Tenchi, he was shaking. ~She did this for me,
how? Ryoko! Kagoto, how could you!~ White light radiated from him. The
bubble shattered. Kagoto looked up in suprise.
"How dare you Kagoto!" Tenchi ran forward at him.
Ryoko watched on, but she could no longer focus. Blood poured over her eyes
from a nasty wound on her forehead. ~Tenchi, you're...~
Ryoko passed out.
