Ryoko's Heart Chapter 8: Discovery

		Tenchi awoke to the sunlight shining through the window.
He slowly opened his eyes and looked at the clock, it was already 
10:00 a.m. He looked over to his right and saw Ryoko still sound
asleep. Looking like an angel as always. She actually looked very
sexy with her hair mussed. Her mouth slightly hung open as Tenchi
could hear her soft gentle smooth breathing. She was laying on her
side facing Tenchi, both of her hands up by her face and the sheet
covering her waist down. The sunlight then shone into her face. She 
squinted and groaned as the sunlight disturbed her. Tenchi got out of 
bed and walked to the window and closed the curtains. Ryoko then relaxed
and continued sleeping. Tenchi yawned and stretched. Still tired, he climbed
back into bed and relaxed. He looked up at the ceiling, trying to bore
himself to sleep. Ryoko yawned and scooted over to Tenchi, she rested 
her head on his chest and sighed a happy sigh. She occasionally chanted 
his name quietly. She must been dreaming something exceptional about 
Tenchi. 

"Yes Tenchi, yes", she said under her breath. Tenchi smiled and kissed the
top of her head. He then stared back up at the ceiling. He wondered what
the other girls were doing right now, he wondered if Satsu ever came
back. It was highly doubtable, he figured that Satsu wanted them to
come looking for her instead. He just hoped they were ready for her. After
a few minutes of thinking, he fell back to sleep. It was only an hour before
he woke up again. He opened his eyes and saw Ryoko still asleep on top
of him, straddling him and resting her arms and head on his chest. The
sheets were kicked off of them. Tenchi carefully sat up and scooped up
Ryoko in his arms. He laid her down on the bed and pulled the covers over
her. He then leaned down and gave her a tender kiss on her lips, phased
into his clothes and teleported outside on the balcony. It was a beautiful
day as usual. Warm rays that shot out from the big bright ball of the sun
in the cloudless bright blue sky, the clear blue ocean's waves crashing into
the shore, and the cool gentle summer breeze flowing. Tenchi walked out and
leaned forward against the rail. Feeling the gentle ocean spray on his face
and taking in the scent of the beach. Children were already splashing
around in the salty waters and building sand castles. Some of the adults
were in the water with the kids and others were having picnics, taking
in the sun's rays and walking along the sandy beach. Tenchi was just about
to go sit down when he felt something tap his shoulder, he turned around
and saw a magnificent sight. There stood Ryoko with her hands on her
hips, a smile on her face and not a thing covering her completely nude
body. 

"Good mornin' lover", she said as she sprang forward and wrapped her
arms around his neck and giving him a kiss. "You didn't think you could just
wake up and leave the bedroom and get away with it, now did you?"

"Ryoko, this isn't a nude beach."

"So what, all the people are way over there, and we're way over here", she
said pointing at all the people in the distance. "Besides, they should make it
a nude beach, cheap bastards." She then let go of Tenchi and looked over the
balcony to look at the ocean. She leaned on the rail and felt the ocean 
spray on her body. Tenchi pulled up a chair and sat down to relax. Ryoko
turned around, walked over to him and sat down on his lap. She lean back
on him, putting her head next to his as Tenchi wrapped his arms around
her and kissed her on the cheek. They stared out at the ocean, it was a
beautiful sight. They both knew they had to train to avenge the deaths of
Kiyone and Mihoshi, but the ocean waters were to tempting. 

"Let's go swimming Tenchi. I don't want to train today. Come on, we'll
spend the whole day together having fun."

"That's not a bad idea. Let's do it."

"I'm going to go take a shower Tenchi, wait for me. Or would you like
to join me?", she said getting up.

"No, you go ahead, I'll wait inside for you", Tenchi said. Ryoko then gave
Tenchi a little grin and turned around and started walking to the door, 
shaking her ass at Tenchi with one hand on her hip. Before she walked
through the door, she looked back and smiled and went inside. By the
time Tenchi went in, Ryoko was already in the shower. He figured he
would watch a little T.V. while waiting for Ryoko. He sat down on the
sofa, picked up the remote and turned it on. He just flipped through the
channels trying to find something good to watch. He stopped at a channel
that was showing the hit 70's sitcom Sanford and Son, starring Redd Foxx 
and Demond Wilson. He put the remote down on the table and stretched out 
on the couch. The episode that was playing was called Happy Birthday Pop.

Fred: Hey Lamont, is that for me?
Lamont: What?
Fred: That.
Lamont: Oh no, these are for me. (Lamont puts a box down on the table). 
See, I stopped by the Good Will store and they was having a special on 
paper bag books. Eight cents a piece, you can't beat that Pop. (Lamont 
takes out a stack of three books). Here's one, look at this. The Every Day 
Book of Edicate. Huh? And here's another one, Basic Fundementals of 
Plumbing. And here's one we was really lucky to get Pop, A Beginner's Guide 
to Better Bowling. (Laughter). Now this is some good stuff in here Pop, 
we're gonna improve on our minds.
Fred: Forgot, didn't you?
Lamont: Forgot what?
Fred: My own son, and you forgot.
Lamont: What are you talkin' about I forgot? You keep talkin' about I forgot 
somethin', I wanna know what it is I forgot.
Fred: Forget it. (Laughter).

Tenchi laughed along with the audience. He then stretches and yawns to
try and come out of his half slumber. It didn't seem to work that well 
because a few minutes later, he fell into a deep sleep. Ryoko was still 
in the shower, the girls were at home watching soaps and Sasami was 
clearing the table. 

Tenchi's dream:
		
		Tenchi was standing in a great hall, looking alot like a castle from
medieval times. The floors, walls, and ceiling were stone, there were
strange statues lined up in a row on both sides of the great hall, they
looked liked snarling gargoyles, except they were here instead of on
the roof. The walls went up as far as the eye could see and came together
into a pointed ceiling. There were torches lit on both sides of the great hall, 
each one of them were between two gargoyles. The torches were the 
only source of light. Tenchi looked both ways and saw no ending to the
hall, nothing but small specks of light given off by the torches in the
distance and dissapearing into the darkness. It was cold and wet. Tenchi
could hear the echo of dripping water in the far distance. He then started
walking in one direction. There were little splashing sounds of water
beneath his feet with every step he took. He then heard a loud bang
sound echo throughout the hall. He turned around, facing the other
direction he felt the clashing of two enormous powers. One of them 
felt familiar, it was obviously Ryoko, but who was the other? He 
then dashed towards them, he sprinted as fast as he could to see
what was going on. Just about a minute later, two ant sized
people started to come into view. He sprinted to catch up to them.
He could barely make out the faces but he could tell one was Ryoko,
he squinted to clear his view more to try to make out the other
face. He then sprinted faster towards them and the other face
became clearer. It was Satsu. Ryoko and Satsu were in the biggest
fight he had ever seen, even bigger than the fights with Ayeka. 
Ryoko and Satsu were clashing together with there energy swords. 
Ryoko had a few bloody cuts and bruises on her while Satsu barely
had a scratch on her. 

"Hold on Ryoko, I'm coming!", he shouted as he ran. Just then, Satsu
turned her head, looked at Tenchi and squinted. Then, the two
gargoyles on either side of the hall that were coming up in front
of him turned their heads to Tenchi. Tenchi stopped running and stood
there. The two gargoyles jumped of the pedestals they were standing
on and landing infront of Tenchi. He could feel the ground's vibrations
as they landed. They looked pretty much like female lions that were
three times as big as Tenchi. Then they spread their enormous bat-like
wings and roared at Tenchi. Tenchi jumped back and formed an
energy sword in his right hand and an energy ax in the other. Satsu
then continued to attack Ryoko. Tenchi had no other alternative but 
to attack his way through to his love. The two gargoyles leaped 
towards Tenchi to attack. He managed to dodge them, and cut off
the right gargoyles paw. As it landed and shattered on the ground,
Tenchi landed and turned around, the pieces of the paw began to
jump around. They all came together and reformed into a paw on
the creatures arm. But there was really no point in Satsu sicking
the gargoyles on Tenchi because he was beaten down in one blow. One
of the gargoyles spun around smacked Tenchi hard with its tail, 
Tenchi flew across the hall and rolled away about 30 feet. The two 
gargoyles roared in victory and stood back up on their pedestals and 
froze back into statues. Tenchi used the last of his strenghth
and lifted his head and looked up. Ryoko and Satsu were no more
than 10 feet away, still fighting. Satsu had the upper hand, she
blocked every swing that Ryoko took. Tenchi could easily tell by Ryoko's
face she was exausted and was going to collaspe soon. Tenchi
used all of might to try and stand up, he knew he had to hurry and
help his true love, that seemed to boost his confidence and 
was already on his hands and knees. After a few moments, he
was on his feet. Ryoko charged Satsu, swinging and slashing. She
grew more exausted swing after swing. Ryoko took a swing at
Satsu's side, she blocked it. Ryoko then rose her sword up in the
air, but then Satsu jabbed her sword at Ryoko and stabbed her in
the right shoulder. Ryoko's mouth dropped open and she froze.
Ryoko's energy sword extinguished. Satsu took her sword out of 
Ryoko and grabbed her by the throat. Satsu held Ryoko up in the 
air by her neck as Ryoko began to choke and gag.

"Sssshhh, quiet now. Time to die", she said as if she were talking to
an infant. Satsu then raised her sword up and pointed it at Ryoko. Then,
with out warning, Satsu submerged the sword into Ryoko's left eye and
pushed it all the way through her head. Ryoko's mouth dropped open as 
she gasped little bits of air in pain, about ten seconds later all sounds 
and movements made by Ryoko stopped. Her body loosened, the pupil in 
her right eye shrunk into the size of a pinhead and her lifeless body just 
hung there on the sword, blood running down her face to her body to the 
ground. Tenchi's eyes watered and widened. He could not believe his 
eyes. He watched as Satsu pulled the sword out of Ryoko's head and threw 
her corpse down on the ground. Tenchi looked at Ryoko with tears flowing 
like a river down his cheeks. A hole throught her left eye and her body 
lying in a huge puddle of her own blood. Tenchi closed his eyes tight and 
clenched his teeth hard. He made fists tighter than he ever has before 
and stood there, hatred, furry, and rage surging through every vein. All 
of his muscles tightened and his energy began rising. His veins clearly 
became visible in his temples and arms. 

Back in the real world:

		Tenchi was lying on the couch asleep, his face was turning
red and every muscle was flexed. He was still dreaming. Then all
of a sudden, he felt this strange sensation. He then screamed at
the top of his lungs as all the hair on his head turned into blood 
red for a split second and then turned back to normal black. Ryoko 
was the first one to feel it, she was in the shower rubbing her stomach 
with the soap when she felt this powerful hard sonic wave of energy 
hit her. It did not knock her down, it did not do anything to physically
harm her, but she felt it hit her hard like a ton of bricks, like it was 
inside of her. Kinda like the feeling of the bass sound on the stereo, 
exept this was alot harder than that. She also heard a sound inside of her 
head, it sounded like an enormous explosion. She froze and looked up, 
wondering what the hell that was. At the same time at home, Washu, 
Ayeka and Sasami were sitting down watching there usual soaps, 
when all of a sudden, they feel the same thing Ryoko felt. The 
powerful sonic wave hit them hard, just like Ryoko. They all looked 
up, wondering what it was as well. Tenchi's eyes shot open and he
quickly sat up, his face covered in sweat and breathing hard. Ryoko
turned off the shower water, got out and dried herself with a towel. 
She phased into a red tank top and baggy blue jean shorts that went
down to her knees with a black belt. She took out a blue binder
and tied her hair back into a single ponytail, (like the one in
episode 8 in the O.V.A series). She then turned off the bathroom
light and phased downstairs. She saw Tenchi sitting on the
couch out of breath and sweaty.

"Tenchi", she said sitting down next to him. "Did you feel that?"

"Huh?"

"Didn't you feel that?"

"That what?"

"Some sort of powerful wave just hit me while I was in the
shower."

"I just woke so I don't know, maybe that's what woke me up."

"I don't know. Tenchi, why are you out of breath? And your
sweaty, what's wrong?"

"I just had the worst nightmare I couldn't even have imagined."

"What was it, what happened?", she asked. Just when Tenchi was
about to tell her what happened, the phone rang. Ryoko leaned towards
the table in front of them and picked up the phone.

"Hello?", Ryoko asked. 

"Ryoko, it's Washu."

"Hey, what's up?"

"Did you or Tenchi experience a massive energetic phenomenon none
of this world."

".................................................................What?"

"Did you guys feel something strange a moment ago?"

"Yeah, as a matter of fact I did. Tenchi didn't though. Why? Did
all of you feel it too?"

"Sure did, it hit us like a wrecking ball. But it's odd that
Tenchi didn't feel anything. Come home and we'll try to figure
it out", Washu said before hanging up. Ryoko hung up the phone
and stood up. 

"Come on, Washu said to come home for a minute", she told 
Tenchi. 

"Alright, go on ahead. I'll be there in a second." Ryoko nodded
in response and phased out. Tenchi stood up and stretched and
yawned. He picked up the remote and turned off the T.V. He put
the remote back down and teleported to the house. On the couch
sat Ayeka and Sasami watching soaps while waiting for someone
to speak up. Washu sat on the sofa's arm with her right leg crossed
over her left leg and typing on her holographic computer. Ryoko
hovered over the sofa and was looking over Washu's shoulder at 
the screen. A diagram of the Earth cut in half showing all the
inside layers was on the screen. It was a 3-D computer animation 
diagram. The diagram kept spinning and enhancing to get better 
looks at it, it was like one of those 3-D tours. The diagram spun 
around and stopped half way around. It then moved  in closer to 
have a better look at Japan, then a grid map appeared over it. 
Then the word SCANNING.... appeared along with lists of little 
words appearing and dissapearing and litlle beeping sounds. 
Sasami walked over behind Washu and looked at the screen.

"What are you doing Washu?", the little princess asked.

"I'm scanning the Earth for any atmospheric or plate tetonic
changes."

"You know, that wave felt familiar", Ayeka said looking up. Then
the words NO CHANGES. came up on the screen. 

"Nothing. I've scan the entire planet, not one damn thing", Washu
said dissapointed.

"Maybe you missed a spot", Ryoko said.

"No, I didn't. I've done it all from the continental crust to the 
oceanic crust to the lithosphere, asthenosphere, outer core,
and inner core. So that tells us that the planet has nothing
to do with this."

"Ah, jeez", Tenchi said holding his head with one hand and 
sitting down in the chair.

"What's wrong with you Tenchi?", Washu asked.

"I got a throbbing headache, and I feel dizzy."

"Tenchi, Ryoko told me that you didn't feel anything, what's
that about?"

"Well, I did feel something, just not what you guys felt. I was
asleep and this bright light flashed in my eyes, it felt like
this sonic wave that was all around me, crushing my body.
There was also this loud sound in my ears, and then I woke
up."

"Oh that reminds me, you where about to tell me what you
dreamt Tenchi", Ryoko said.

"Okay. I dreamt that I........"

"It's true", Ayeka interrupted talking to herself.

"What?", everyone asked at the same time.

"The legend, it must be true after all."

"What legend, what the hell are you talking about?', asked
Ryoko.

"Millions of years ago, there was a mighty battle on Jurai, I 
can't exactly remember who they were battling, but they say 
that a lone warrior came forth. With powers far greater than 
that of the light hawk wings themselves, he single handedly 
vangquished the enemy. After that, he dissapeared, and no one 
ever saw him again. The people of Jurai gave this hero the name 
Super Juraian. They knew he was Juraian because they sensed his 
powers to be Juraian powers. For years and years people have spent 
their lives trying to become a super juraian themselves, many lost 
their there families, friends and lives. As the years went by, people 
began to think that none of it actually happened. Pretty soon, they all 
convinced themselves that it was just a myth, but Tenchi, you 
could have done it, considering you have Juraian blood flowing 
through your veins."

"Yeah but Ayeka, how could you be sure that that's what it was,
how do we know Tenchi had anything to do with this at all", asked
Washu.

"Because it was Juraian power I sensed, and Sasami, Yosho, and 
myself are the only other Juraians on this planet, it had to be Tenchi. 
They say that the Energy of a super Juraian is unlike any other, 
and that once you have the magical energy of a super juraian in 
your grasp then anything is possible. Your fantasy could become 
reality, it could make any of your desires come true. If you have a 
strong warm heart, then you could make the magic of the energy 
do just about anything." 

Ryo-Ohki was behind the couch sealed in by everyone standing
around it. She was trying to get through to see the T.V. Since 
Tenchi was the tallest one there, he would do. She scrambled up
his legs, up his body to the top of his head, now she had a perfect 
view of the T.V. 

"Tenchi, do you think you could do it again?", asked Ayeka.

"I doubt it", he replied.

"Do you wanna give it a try?"

"No, not really. I feel kinda tired. I think I'm gonna go take a nap."
With that, Tenchi yawned and phased out. Having forgotten that
Ryo-Ohki was on top of his head, she fell to the floor. 

"Nap? What is wrong with him?", Ryoko asked herself. Ryoko 
teleported to Tenchi's room. She saw him lying on his back on
his bed with his eyes closed. He didn't even use the covers
since it was already warm enough in the room. 

"Tenchi, what the matter with you?", she asked.

"I don't know. Maybe I'm dying or something", he said without opening
his eyes.

"Your not dying. Don't be such an ass", she said as she jump on top
of him and straddled him. "So what's wrong?"

"I don't know, I'm just tired", he said still keeping his eyes closed.

"Well get untired", she said leaning forward and opening one of his
eyelids with her thumb and index finger. She closed his eyelid
back up, leaned forward and gave him a kiss on his lips. She then 
laid her head on Tenchi's chest and sighed. 

"So when are we going to go do something fun, Tenchi? We agreed
that we would today." 

"Later, my Ryoko. As soon as I wake up, I promise. We will do fun."

"Okay, my Tenchi. I'm gonna hold you on that promise." After
a few minutes, Tenchi finally fell to sleep. Ryoko propped her
head up with her elbow and watched him sleep. After about a half
an hour, watching him relaxed her enough to fall asleep on top
of him.

Author's Notes: Okay peoples, the next chapter will be exciting.
I'm sorry you had to wait so long for this chapter to come out, 
but I was stuck so many times. I had to change the story completely
3 times, because I didn't like where it was going. The first time
I was going to have Tenchi and Ryoko meet up with an asshole kid
on the beach and him and Ryoko were supposed to get into a fight.
The second time I was going to have Tenchi and Ryoko wake up and
find a projection of Satsu on the beach house and she was going to
blow up the beach house. And then I changed it to this, a drop of 
x-over of Dragon Ball Z, this one is much better. Don't you agree? 
Anyway, I will get chapter 9 done ASAP, Aight? E-mail me at 
brandonblair@hotmail.com. Peace-out!!!!
