Ryoko's Heart Chapter 6: To Love and to Hate

		Tenchi sat furiously on the bed in the master bedroom of 
the beach house. Ryoko was downstairs, she had put Sasami 
and Ryo-Ohki on the couch and covered them up with a blanket. She 
pulled out a futon big enough for both Ayeka and Washu, she tucked 
them both in and headed upstairs. When she reached the top, she 
walked to the master bedroom. When she walked in she saw Tenchi 
sitting on the bed with his head down trying to think.

"Tenchi? Are you alright?", she asked as she sat down next to him.
She took his hand and gave it a squeeze. Tenchi looked up at her
and looked into her two golden pools, Ryoko reached out and stroked
his cheek gently. 

"We will find the sick bastard who did this Tenchi, Kiyone and
Mihoshi will be avenged", she said sounding bold now. Tenchi grabbed
Ryoko and hugged her. Ryoko kissed him on the cheek and returned
the embrace. When Tenchi broke away, he got up and walked over to
the wall. His face muscles tightened with furry, then he gathered
his strength, clenched his fist tight, and punched the wall with
all his might. He let out a short loud yell as he put a big crack in
the wall. A few seconds later they heard a scream come from
downstairs. Startled, they both teleported downstairs to see Ayeka
terrified, then when she saw Tenchi and Ryoko she calmed down.

"Where am I?", Ayeka asked.

"Nevermind Ayeka. Do you know who did this?", Tenchi asked
anxtiously. 

"Did what? You mean to us?"

"That, and Kiyone and Mihoshi. They're dead.", Tenchi said looking
down again. Ayeka was shocked, she had no idea what happened to
those two. "Tell me what you remember Ayeka, try and remember
if you don't." Tenchi and Ryoko sat down on the futon next to Ayeka.

"Well, I don't remember much, but I'll start from when we came home."


Ayeka's story: 

		Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, and Ryo-Ohki just got done shopping, since
none of them knew how to drive, they had to call Noboyuki to come
pick them up. As the car pulled into the driveway, Noboyuki opened
all the doors for the girls and brought in all the grociers for them.
As he stepped into the car to leave for work he waved at the girls.

"If you need anything else girls, call me, okay?", he said as he drove
off. The girls waved good bye and went inside. Washu went back into
her lab to work as usual. Sasami went into the kitchen to put the
food away, and Ayeka went outside to take a walk. She walked out to
the shore of the lake to look at the Ryo-Oh, It has grown alot since
the last time she really looked at it. She just stared at it as she thought
about things. She was thinking if she would ever find a kind, gentle,
warm-hearted man who really loved her. She has been searching for a
man who would love her, and she could love him back. Then she found
Tenchi, she really loved him, but now that she knows the truth, her search
continues. She just daydreamed about how it would be if she and 
Tenchi got married. Ayeka would hand over her promotion as queen
to Sasami and she would go back to Jurai, and Ayeka would stay on
Earth with Tenchi. They would build a house out in the middle of the
country and settle in, and they would have children. Ayeka thought
about what their child would be like, she didn't really care about the
gender, but she would really prefer a boy. He would look just like
Tenchi, and be alot like him; sweet, loving and kind-hearted. He would
develope Ayeka's manners and thoughtfulness, and always obey his
parents. But she could only dream a dream that will never come true.
A tear rolled down her cheek knowing that it will never happen. She
knew that crying wasn't going to do anything about it so she finally
stopped and just walked on. As she walked into the woods, looking at
all the flowers and trees, she stopped as darkness passed over her.
She looked up, there was a strange enormous object blocking out the
sun. The little parts of the sun that wasn't blocked made it to bright
to make out what it was. She figured that it might be an eclipse, even
though she had no idea what an eclipse was, she only knew that it was
something that blocked out the sun for a while. Tenchi is the one who
told her about it. When the object passed, Ayeka walked on. Then she
yet again saw another darkness pass over her. She looked up and saw
that the sun was not blocked, it was a shadow. She slowly turned around
and saw someone standing about ten yards away from her. 

"Wh-wh-who are y-you?", Ayeka studdered. The woman did not answer,
but just stood there. She was about 5' 5", and had a slim but strong shaped
body. She wore a long black cape with a large hood that came over her 
head, the shadow of the hood covered her eyes but the rest of her face
was showing. Underneath the cape, she wore a tight light green 
open-leg dress, it didn't look like any ordinary dress, it more of a dress
for battling. She stood there with her hand on her hip, she then looked
up and Ayeka saw her large greenish-blue glowing supernatural eyes.
Ayeka also noticed that she had a large scar going up and down her right
eye. The strange woman winced slightly as if she were about to attack,
she grinned slightly and took a step forward. Ayeka too scared to move.                     

"Where's Ryoko?", she asked.

"I-I-I don't know", Ayeka managed to spit out.

"I'll ask you one more time you filthy bitch. Where is Ryoko?"

"I don't know for the last time", Ayeka shouted.

"Why does everybody wanna do this the hard way."

		The woman ignited an energy whip and swung it at Ayeka. It wrapped
around Ayeka's neck and the woman pulled it tight. Ayeka grabbed it with
both hands, trying to pull it away, but it was too tight. Ayeka tried to
scream, but her air supply was completely cut off, she gagged and tried
to gasp air as she started to lose conciousness. With one last gag, 
everything slowly blacked out. The last thing she saw was the womans
other hand sticking out.


Back to reality:

		"Shit!", Ryoko yelled as she stood up, clenching her fist tight.

"What is it Ryoko?", Tenchi asked in confusment.

"Satsu", Ryoko said.

"Who the hell is Satsu?", Tenchi asked.

"I'd know that bitch from even her description, we go way back. That
woman's a fuckin' pest, everywhere I go, she has to show up. Ayeka,
is that all you remember?"

"Yes, then I woke up here.", Ayeka answered. Pretty soon, Washu opened
her eyes and slowly sat up holding her head.

"Ow my head. Wha.....where are we?", the little genius asked.

"Nevermind Washu", Tenchi once again said. "Do you remember anything?

"All I remember is sitting on the couch watching a soap opera", the 
little genius replied. "Why, what happened?"

"Satsu destroyed the house and killed Kiyone and Mihoshi", Ryoko
answered.

"Satsu? Oh no not the weirdo again, look Ryoko, how many times are going
to get in a fight with this woman."

"You know Satsu?", Tenchi asked.

"Know her, heh, are you kidding? Since the day I made Ryoko, they made 
the Civil War look like a squirl hunt. Those two were always at it, even
as little kids, Kagato created Satsu and since then, they never got along.
That was one of the reasons Kagato took control of Ryoko and imprisoned
me in a stasis. They fought until Satsu finally ran away. I told you to
stay away from her Ryoko", she finished.

"What? You told me to practice my fighting skills on her."

"And look at how it all payed off.", Washu said crossing her arms.

"Why you...........!!!!"

"Hey stop it", Tenchi said stepping between the girls. "Come on, this
isn't helping, we've got two dead best friends and a destroyed house, we
have to think of something."

"Not to worry Tenchi", Washu stated. Washu put her hands up and her 
holographic computer appeared under them. She started typing at a rapid
speed. After a few seconds she pushed enter to confirm. A little black
hole opened up above the computer and a 3 by 4 inch black box with a little
red button in the corner of it came out of the black hole. Washu caught it
as the computer and black hole vanished. "Here we go, take us back to the
house, or what's left of it." Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka stood confused, but
they decided to go along with it. Tenchi scooped up Sasami in his arms,
she was still knocked out. Ryoko picked up Ryo-Ohki, placed her on her
head and put her hands on Ayeka's and Washu's shoulders. With that, they 
all phased out and appered back at the disaster. The whole house was
collapsed now and they could still see Yugami in the distance. Tenchi
began to grow furious looking at it. Washu into the middle of the destroyed
house, she bent down and brushed away a clear spot and set the little
black box down in it. She quickly pushed the button and ran away from
it. Seconds later, a red square energy plate spreaded out from the box.
It disintegrated all the debris around it, when the energy plate vanished
there was nothing left of the ruined house exept a square of clear land.
Then pipes came from the box and dug themselves into the ground. About
ten seconds later, a whole house unfolded. Everyone just stared wide-eyed.

"Ta-daaaaaaa!", Washu called out. "Give Sasami Tenchi I'll take her in."
Tenchi nodded and handed Sasami to Washu. Washu walked inside and
Ayeka followed, Ryoko decided to go bring Ryo-Ohki in. Tenchi was still
staring at Yugami, terrified to go back. He looked at his watch, it was
6:00 p.m. and the sun started to set, it was getting dark. Tenchi bit his
lip and decided to go through with it. He lifted off into the air and slowly 
flew toward the Yugami. His heart pounded as he drew closer to it. He
swallowed hard and told himself he'd have to see them again anyway,
so he sped up. When he finally reached it, he phased through the wall of
the cockpit. It was darker than before, he landed and walked over to 
where Kiyone was, he was afraid, he had never been this scared in his
life. He came to the pilot's seat and looked down at Kiyone. Tears then
began to flow down his face. She still had alot of blood leaking out of
her mouth and nose, and her eyes were still open with her pupils the
size of a pin-head. He reached his hand down and gently stroked her
cheek. Then he bent down and picked her up off the floor, he scooped her
up in his arms and phased through the wall and flew back to the house.
A shiver went down his spine as he relized what he was doing, he was
carrying away the corpse of one of his best friends. When he reach the
house he layed her down on the ground by the lake. He then teleported
back to Yugami to get Mihoshi. He went in and saw her in the corner of
the cockpit. He walked over to her and looked down at her. She was lying
on her stomach with her left hand reached out as if she were trying to
crawl away. Her head was lying to the right side and her eyes were closed.
Her mouth was slightly open with blood dripping from it. This is how
she looked when she was asleep. There was a giant metal sheet from the
wall that was impaled throught her back coming out her stomach and into 
the floor. These were the most horrible deaths that he could ever imagine.
Tenchi created and energy sword and carfully cut the top of the metal
sheet off so it would be lighter to lift. When the top part he cut toppled
over, he extinguished his energy sword. He bent down and grasped the
metal sheet and started to pull. Since some of it was impaled into the
floor, it was going to be hard. He started putting more of his strength into
it. He kept pulling as sweat started to form on his forehead. He then
wrapped his arms around it and pulled. Now this was pissing him off. He
spit in his hands and tried again, using all his strength, it started to move
a little as he pulled even harder. Now he was really pissed. After a few
minutes he let out a yell as he pulled it up. He held it up as blood dripped
from it. He threw it aside and bent down next to Mihoshi. Tenchi took his
shirt of and wrapped it around her body covering the hole from the metallic
sheet. He tied the shirt tight as it turned completely red. He scooped her up
in his arms and teleported back to the lake. He set Mihoshi down next to
Kiyone. He knelt down beside them. He grew more furious the more he thought
about what was happening. He looked down at Kiyone as blood still came
out of her mouth. Tenchi ripped a piece of his shirt from Mihoshi and rinsed
out the blood in the lake. He ringed it out dry and began to wipe the blood
away from her mouth. He thought about Satsu, he thought about what he
would say to her and what he would do to her. Suddenly as he was done
wiping up the blood from Kiyone's mouth, more came up. Suddenly her feet
started to kick as if she were being electricuted. Tenchi nearly jumped out
of his skin as more blood came from Kiyone's mouth. Tenchi jumped back and
stared wide-eyed at Kiyone. Her whole body started flinching rapidly. After
a few seconds she stopped moving. Tenchi's heart pounded. He knew that she
wasn't alive after all. He slowly bent down and felt her pulse on her wrist.
There was none. It was all nerve twitching. Tenchi couldn't stand it anymore,
he didn't want to look at the bodies any longer. 

"I'll take it from here Tenchi", Washu said behind him. "I'll take these two
in my lab, you can go on about your business." Tenchi nodded and phased
out. He teleported to his bedroom, was jumped a bit when he turned and saw
Ryoko sitting on his bed. Tenchi walked over to her and sat down next to her.

"We should boost our training level if we want to defeat Satsu.", Ryoko
said. "I-I......."

"Shhhhhhhhhhhhh. Nevermind that now Ryoko.", Tenchi hushed Ryoko.

"It's all my fault Tenchi. If I hadn't come up with the idea of leaving,
Kiyone and Mihoshi wouldn't of died."

"No Ryoko. Stop being so hard on yourself."

"Me and my FUCKING bone-headed ideas", she yelled as tears began to flow
down her cheeks.

"Stop it Ryoko", he scolded grabbing her by the shoulders. "Stop it, okay?
You did nothing wrong. You had nothing to do with Kiyone and Mihoshi's
death, nothing. It was an accident just waiting to happen. It would happened 
anyway if we had stayed, if Satsu is as strong as you say she is, then we 
wouldn't have been enough to stop her. Besides, it could of been worse."

"How Tenchi?"

"It could of been you that died. I just wouldn't know what I'd do if
I lost you. I couldn't live on without you Ryoko. I don't love Kiyone and
Mihoshi, I just like them, but you, I love you, Ryoko."

"I love you too Tenchi", she said as she wrapped her arms around him
crying. Tenchi held her close alomost crying himself. She was just so
innocent when she was like this. Like a helpless child who was completely 
vulnerable, whom Tenchi had to protect and watch over at all costs. Tenchi
stroked her hair as he held her. Even since they first met, it really got to
Tenchi when she acted this way. After a few minutes she cried herself
to sleep. Tenchi didn't realize it until a minute later when he heard her
soft sweet breathing. He stood up with Ryoko still in his arms. He took
one hand and pulled back the covers, he then scooped up Ryoko in his arms
and gently placed her down on the bed. He pulled the covers up over her
and bent down and wiped the remaining tears from her face. He planted
a soft tender kiss on her lips and watched her for a minute. He got up, walked
over to the door and opened it. He looked back at her and sighed a happy
sigh and walked out closing the door behind him.

	

To be continued........


Author's Notes: Okay, I'm sorry, but Tenchi and Ryoko were supposed to
be making love in this chapter, but I figured that this wasn't the right
time to do so. I mean come on, who the hell makes love on the same day
they found the bodys of their two best friends, huh? Anyways, I know
alot of you are really pissed off about it but I garentee they will next
chapter, I'l write it as fast as I can. Any questions or comments, please
e-mail me at brandonblair@hotmail.com, Aight? Peace-out!!!!
