	The following is a work of parody.  All characters and
situations are fictions based on Copyrighted materials
belonging to AIC & Pioneer.  Although this work describes
events well within the outlines of the original material,
good sense and good taste has prevented the original
creators from going so far...
	How far have I gone?  Well, if you object to explicit 
sexuality, probably further than you want to go, so stop
here.  If you go on, you will not find your ordinary
pornographic jargon and magnified sexuality.  I have
endeavored to describe sex more vividly and realistically
than is customary in the genre; if I have not succeeded, at
least the sexual activities and appatites are more or less
within the normal range of human behavior and abilities.

				"RYOUKO NO YUME"

	Washu-chan seldom slept.  Driven by the desires of her
human self, the desire to ever and again prove herself the
greatest scientist in the universe, to know every working of
creation, her quest for knowlege continued night and day. 
The goddess within sustained her, as she had ever since the
diminutive scientist had lain broken in dispair at the cruel
loss of child and lover, some twenty thousand years before,
and the goddess had come in.  When her body demanded rest,
she would take momentary cat-naps, or she would lie still,
meditating on the deeper questions.  Some lonely nights, the
goddess would demand that she sleep mortal sleep and dream
mortal dreams, promising to protect her from the bogies of
her ancient past, as she always had.
	On such a night, secure in her private subspace, which
from under the stairway opened into the darkened Masaki
household, She lay abed, her mind opened and relaxed as it
seldom had in the months since her release from Kagato's
prison.  She chuckled to herself as she remembered the
fiasco of the Dimension Tuner.  It was a good thing that
willful little Ryouko had been the first to set the tuner on
her desires.  Of course hers was the only desire that
worked, because it was the first one set, and only Ryouko
would be stubborn enough to give up her desire, in order to,
as she put it 'win Tenchi away from the other girls in fair
competition'.  I wonder...what did Ryouko and Tenchi really
do during those three days they were alone together in a
universe set to fulfil Ryouko's desires?
	Tenchi had come back unchanged, so it seemed, avowing
that nothing had really happened.  He said, "We came back,
didn't we?"  He seemed just as repulsed as ever by Ryouko's
excess of immodest public flirtation, and yet, it was
Tenchi, not Ryouko, who had almost succumbed to the desire
to remain in Ryouko's dream universe.
	(Hmm...I wonder if I could...is
Ryouko?...mmm...)Ryouko-chan is dreaming in that half
sleeping state where the mind is open and drifting.  Mmm,
yes.  Her body is so warm and snuggly, and oh...  Washu's
eternally pubescent body shyly, reluctantly answers the
lusty vitality of her ultimate love-child.  Oh yes, it will
be a piece of cake to guide this open and innocent mind, to
know what she knows, to let the remaining filiments of
Zero-Ryouko's innocence revel in the reality of living on as
part of the true Ryouko.
	A little subtle prodding here and there, and without a
hint of suspicion, Ryouko's unconscious is replaying the
argument that started the whole thing.  'Christmas eve', she
was saying 'Aeka lay drunk....Tenchi told me...'only
you'...his hand caressing me, down there.  Aeka thinks I am
lying, heh... and tells a tale of her own.'  But Washu
knows, Aeka's tale is true, he told Aeka at the temple,
'Only you'.  Ryouko's mind goes back to her earlier moment.
	Christmas Eve, Ryouko is sitting cross-legged on the
railing outside the second floor, her body unconsciously
immune to the cold, her slightly Sake hazed mind drifting
with the falling snowflakes.  An ordinary mortal would have
been uncomfortable, teetering there above the darkness, in
one of her open robes.  All the house lights are out, Sasami
to bed, Aeka passed out, Washu in her lab.  Only herself,
alone in the darkness, and where is Tenchi?  An unwanted hot
wetness brims Ryouko's eyes.
	The door slides open and shut behind her.  She can
sense the heat, hear the breathing, the soft padding of
tabi-clad feet.  With all her instincts she knows, it is
Tenchi, and how she longs to spring upon him, hold his body
to hers, to feel every intimate shape and portion. 
Something in the night holds her back.  Somehow, under the
imprint of Zero-Ryouko she knows, time hangs suspended in
the snowing darkness for Ryouko.  'Shhh...stay still, and
let this moment be.  You alone are for me'
	Slender soft warm hands enter the open sleeves of her
robe, caress the fulness of her breasts.  Were she not
flushed with desire, such a touch would tickle.  Fingers
trace the small firmness of her nipples.  A hand brushes
down her belly under the silken robe, to the nakedness down
there.  No other hand but her own has ever touched her
there, to her memory.  Oh, how she has longed for this
moment, and the next, and every moment thereafter.  Hot and
cool, wetness becomes on those untouched lips, fingers with
more sureness than they should, smoothly part the wetness. 
Surely this wonderful boy will pull away from that female
wetness, but he does not.  he leans against her, breathing
on her neck, nibbles her ear, teeth playing her earlobe,
tongueing her gem, 'this is not yet the moment, but it will
come.  Be still and let me hold you'.  Tears of frustrated
desire shamefully floods her eyes as she  is pressed against
him, feeling the warmth of his manhood pressing through his
own thin garments.
	'Oh, that naughty Tenchi!', Washu gasps to herself, her
own body flushed with Ryouko's remembered passion.  'He's
playing with us all!  Well, Tsunami must know what she's
doing, letting him play.'  Ruefully, Washu puts aside the
thought of such play herself.  After Mihoshi's goddess
inspired blundering stopped her the first time, Washu's
goddess brought her to sharp reminder-'silly naughty girl
games yes, sperm samples yes, but if you slip it in, your
eternal childhood is gone, forever, along with me; and
never, ever force anyone, for that was Kagato's way.'  Washu
returns to her dreaming lovechild.
	In the frigid night air, through thin garments, Ryouko
can sense the pheromones, the moisture, the lubricity of
Tenchi's desire.  Complex chemical formulas drift through
the analytical portions of her mind, tinkered by Washu to
explore the far reaches of the Cosmos.  Goddess, what a
scientist she'd make, if only she could care.  Damn that
Kagato to one of the many hells these earthlings are so fond
of inventing for their tormentors.  The goddess laughs,
'even now he burns,  will never have what he desires.  Don't
waste your curses on him, Ryouko is the child you always
wanted, and she will be whole, though it takes thousands of
years.  The damage took millinia, the healing may take
longer.'  Washu is shocked that the goddess is here, in this
moment of her being.
	Fingers slip from wetted lips, body pulls away, fading
into the darkness and sliding door.  It is not her
imagination that she hears a sniffling and tonguing of
fingers, like a curious kitten grooming it's paws.  Ryouko
cries alone in the darkness, shivering from a cold lonliness
within, to her it is a familiar theme.
	Ryouko's dreaming slips foreward to a morning.  Tenchi
is sleeping, on futon, on tatami, as Ryouko surreptitiously
peeks in.  Heh, heh, she has a plan.  Flash away robe,
teleport silently next to the sleeping boy, under the covers
naked, against him, around him, intertwined with him,
blissful memory of closeness.  Damn, why does he wear
pajamas, anyway?  Tenchi is awakening, Aeka and Sasami have
come to call him to breakfast.  Why does he deny we are
lovers, why angry?  Why, also, is Aeka so angry; now she is
hitting us with that stick?  Doesn't she love Tenchi too? 
Ouch!
	Washu wonders, curious:  Why should Ryouko take this? 
Why does she never strike hard at that Aeka?  Ah, there is
something within her, to her Aeka is like a mirror of love
and hurt.  Ryouko would be sister, would share, eternally
rebuffed.
	Now the argument.  Yes, each girl knows she is telling
the truth, Tenchi is her lover, each doubts the others. 
Tenchi has woven a troublesome web of deception, and he
knows it.  There is Washu; 'am I really that guileful
child?'  Ryouko resents her, and it hurts.  'It is not fair,
I did not cause Kagato to deceive me, I did not mean to
bring my child into the world for suffering and lonliness. 
Ryouko, it is not I who stole your childhood.'  Ryouko
stirs, and Washu must still her inner voice, lest Ryouko
awaken and discover Washu mucking about in her dreams.
	The Dimension Tuner appears, and yes, Ryouko is first,
then Aeka, Sasami, and finally Mihoshi.  Egad!  She actually
thinks it is a rice cooker.  How does that girl manage to
find her way out of bed in the morning?  No wonder her ideal
universe turned out so badly.  Oh, that smug fool Ryouko,
too; she thinks it's so great fading away from me, the
initial settings being hers guaranteed her universe.  Hmm,
didn't know she phased through the other's universes, maybe
now I'll find out what it is that put Aeka and Mihoshi so
off their dream.
	They are in some sort of school, Aeka, Tenchi, Ryouko. 
They are in uniform, and Aeka has some sort of official
position.  She is searching other students, sees Ryouko's
self coming, hurrying to join and embarrass Tenchi.  Aeka
stops Ryouko and begins searching, now begin a body search?  
How rediculous, reaching under Ryouko's top, she feels it
strange, almost good, to have Aeka's hands cup around her
breasts, feeling.  And now, down there!  This is too much,
Ryouko makes a smart remark about 'that sort of appatite.'
There is more than just smoke to this, Aeka's touch is
strangely intimate, only the second other to touch her
nakedness down there.  'Who would want to touch your
dumpling body?'-Aeka retorts.  'Who's dumpling body?' Ryouko
flares, evaporating the strangeness of the moment.
	Now Aeka is going to search Tenchi, no, she lets him
go.  Ryouko is confused, 'hey...why not search him by
touching him everywhere?  Oh, no, I can't imagine touching
him.'  The rejoinder baffles Ryouko, there is a little more
banter, then Katsuhito ordering them to class.  I guess he
is the principal.
	They are in Mihoshi's classroom.  Gods!  In what sort
of universe is Mihoshi a schoolteacher?  Anyway, it is lunch
break.  Ryouko, who knows she is in an alternate universe,
cannot help starting a bicker with Aeka, but out of the
corner of her eye she is startled to see Sasami here.  She
is bringing Tenchi his lunch.  Blink...blink, Sasami has
done some sort of instant transformation, such an immodest
dress for a little girl!  Now she is pointing something at
Ryouko and Aeka, saying something about friends.  The
adrenaline vanishes, and a warmth comes over Ryouko.  'I'm
sorry, I've been nasty to you.' ' No, no, I should be saying
that.'
	All the words Ryouko ever hoped for but could not admit
flow between them.  The strange compulsion to abandon all
other cares washes away any momentary confusion.  Aeka is
saying, 'You know, this morning when I touched you, well, to
tell the truth, I wanted to touch you.  Oh, that's why?  You
can touch me as you like.'  So that's why Aeka won't talk
about her universe, Washu considers, I doubt she knows her
dream universe was tangled with Sasami's.  They kiss,
passionately,mouth on mouth.  With her usual abandon, Ryouko
places Aeka's hand under her own top again, and begins
carressing the princess, oblivious to the audience of
Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Sasami. Aeka is so warm and soft, even
gentler than Tenchi.  'Let us go to the Student Offices,'
Aeka whispers, 'I have a key.'
	Somehow they make it to the offices without serious
incident,  though Ryouko's hands have already explored the
smoothness of the royal bottom, and found the thin fine
silkenness of Aeka down there.  Behind locked doors, Aeka
deftly abandons all cover, Ryouko is not far behind. 
Ryouko's hand covers that small touch of soft, dark, almost
purple hair, finding and dividing the moist cleft within. 
Aeka returns the compliment and giggles,  'How nice and
clean, you really are naked down there, aren't you?  I was
always so angry and afraid of this back home, I couldn't
tell.' ' Eh, then you know where we are?' ' Of course, and
this will never do, we must really get home.'  Yeah, I don't
know how I got tangled in your universe, and I sure don't
know what has come over us.  I mean I always wanted to love
you as a sister, but I never would have..., anyway, I don't
mind, but I know it can't last.'  
	'You know, I won't be admitting this when we get back,
I will probably hate both of us for it.  I mean, this is
impossible.  I cannot allow myself..., but let us enjoy what
we have now, my love.'  Ryouko gently lifts Aeka to stand on
a desk, to turn proudly in the naked royal beauty that her
normal conscience denies.  'Heh, Aeka, your body is really
fine, I'm sorry I ever told you it wasn't so.'  Ryouko
plants a great, lip to lip kiss down there, and Washu can
taste the heady aroma of Aeka's passion, a flavor far from
the eternal child-scientist, but not unknown.  Aeka plops
her posterior down on the desk, legs immodestly askew, so
unlike her normal princessly self, reaching out to carress
the firm roundness of Ryoko's breasts.  'But your's is the
really sexy one, Tenchi must have the fortitude of a hermit
to resist your seductions, I know that right now, I can't.' 
She looks around the hard-edged office, 'Where can we lie?'
	'Heh, heh, let me show you some special advantages of
levitation.'  Ryouko floats gently off the floor, drifting
against the naked princess, breast to breast, body to body,
and the princess reaches out to turn her, manouvering her
like an unusually cooperative party balloon  'Oh, goddess
no,' Washu's head swims with dreaming passion, as the
sapphic couple join in an euphoric, floating coupling of
heads and tails.  The extraordinary warm, melting flavor of
Aeka's down there sends Ryouko's mind spinning, pulsating. 
She is lost in a glorious melding with this troubled
princess, her own down there blending it's heat with royal
tongue to complete a circuit of pulsating ecstasy that
becomes global and consuming.  Washu can barely keep from
the edge of orgasm herself, as the two girls slake and
satiate their mysterious, extraordinary appatite.  Ah, well,
this may not be her first orgasm, but it is certainly the
best, being the first she has ever knowingly shared with
another being, Washu speculates idlely. Ryouko has little
notion the true extent of her shape-changing potential, is
blissfully unaware of the extraordinary length and
penetration her tongue obtained.  Afterward, they languidly
float together, side by side, holding tightly and kissing
gently over the unaccustomed flavor of one another.
	'I wonder what will become of this Ryouko and this Aeka
when we are gone?'  The princess questions. ' Eh, I don't
think they know what they really are, in this world, but
there is nothing here that can hurt them.  I don't imagine
they will be able to stay in school long if they continue
this passion, but then maybe they won't care.  Uh, Aeka, I
am leaving now.'  As their bodies drift to the cold floor,
the dreaming Ryouko can distantly hear another Ryouko
whispering to her lover, 'Darling, I had the strangest dream
just now, as we were making love, that we were drifting in
the air.' ' Be still my love,' Aeka's haughty laugh ripples
through the continuua,  'Don't ever dare tell them back
home, my love, I would truly want to die of shame.'  What
strange words, Aeka, who dare we not tell of our beatiful
new passion.' ' Oh, you beautiful, sexy scoundrel; my
brother Katsuhito, of course, he will surely disown me!'
	The Masaki household looks unkempt.  Mihoshi, mistress
of this home, lies asleep on the balcony, in the warm
afternoon sun.  Here, the princess is Tenchi's sister,
Sasami the daughter.  Huh, I wonder if Mihoshi remembers the
making of that child, muses a still sex-suffused Washu? 
This Ryouko, seductress and neighbor, makes free to walk in,
just as Tenchi comes home. ' May I borrow some Soy Sauce?' 
Innocently said.  Tenchi looks the harried salaryman that he
is, responds to the seductress. ' I know an inkeeper in
Atami, let's go there sometime,' Ryouko offers.  'Don't
seduce my husband!'  A still sleepy, but outraged Mihoshi
exclaims.  Aeka adds, 'Are you here again, you ally cat?' 
An argument ensues, but that world is fading.
	Aeka is Empress, Katsuhito her Chamberlain?  Tenchi is
destined to be royal consort, like it or not; Ryouko is
betting he doesn't like it that much.  Heh, he doesn't know
I'm the real Ryouko either, or that I know he's my Tenchi. 
This Ryouko has always been a space-pirate, always will be. 
Our Ryouko studies her other self's plans, this Ryouko has
always been on her own, pretty clear planner.  Heh, heh,
this Jurai doesn't know about my teleporting talent, haven't
figured out how I get in and out of places.
	It is evening in the palace.  Unlike that last time,
700 earth years ago, Ryouko is slipping through the moonless
night, thankful for the open grasslands that surround the
palace for a kilometer around.  Her decent pod, a single
Ryo-ohki crystal, had landed unseen in the forests, and is
neatly tucked in a fanny-pack.  Walking partly out of phase
with normal matter, Ryouko is only a phantom on the
night-scopes of the Juraian sentinels.  She comes to the
south wall of the royal quarters, paces off thirty meters
from the east turret, casually walks through the wall, into
the royal boudoir.
	'Tenchi!', she whispers, tossing him a stolen GP
blaster, and gesturing him for quiet.  He is clad in the
blue tights that are Juraian battle dress in this universe. 
Good, that makes the whole thing a lot safer for him:  Who
knows what would happen if one were to die in one of these
other unverses?  She wraps her arms around him and pulls him
through the wall, into the cool darkness and shadow of the
wall.  'Stay here, I'll be right back',  she disappears back
through the wall.
	'...Ryouko will never be able to get in here', the
Empress is saying. 'Hey, I'm here now.  Just hand me the
dress, and nobody gets hurt.' ' Wait, give it back, it's
mine.' ' Why have a wedding dress, when you don't have a
groom?'  Aeka is handing over the dress, naked but for
bikini lace panties and pointy little bra, she had never
gotten the dress on.  She is turning bright red with
outrage, as Ryouko and gown fade through the outer wall. 
'What did you say?', Aeka's voice carries through.
	Gods, the wedding dress is heavy, ten kilos of pink
diamonds, glittering and translucent even in the faint
starlight.  This Aeka certainly isn't as modest as the one
back home, is she?  She'd better not have touched my Tenchi
first.  Ryoko tosses the gown to Tenchi, as lights and
alarms begin to fill the palace.  She takes out the crystal,
sets it on the ground, crosses her palms.  'Ryo-ohki, come',
she commands.  Hey, hey, in this universe  I've got all my
gems, oh...the power feels good.
	'Miwoww...' They are off into the depths of space, a
squadron of Juraian tree-ships in persuit, soon joined by
various others.  No problem, can always outrun them.
	'Eh, Tenchi, haven't I done it beautifully, as usual?' 
Tenchi is dubious, 'we're being chased an awful lot, aren't
we?'  'Hey, I'll beat 'em all.'  Boom! an explosion shakes
the Ryo-ohki.  'Damn, it's the GP, Ryo-ohki, prepare the
attack.'  They are faster than the Jurai battle-ships, but
more lightly armed and armoured. That air-head Mihoshi, no
less, we seem tangled in every universe, and shes reading us
our Miranda rights, doesn't she know, she's got to catch us,
first?  'Come on', Tenchi complains, 'are we supposed to
fight the Galaxy Police?'  Ryouko's reply is simple, 'Fire!' 
Ryo-ohki's spike blazes with cosmic fires, she shakes again. 
'See, Tenchi, I've done it.'  'Ack, now you've certainly
done it, Ryouko.' ' Ryo-ohki, maximum speed, get us out of
here!' '...Meow! '
	Alone with Tenchi in the depths of space,  Ryouko
phases out, back in naked.  'Tenchi!',  she sings out,
rushing to embrace him, but he is wiggling, struggling to
break free, pushing her away.  'Get off!', he shouts. 
Ryouko is confused, breaks away, phases, and returns
clothed, to find Tenchi still grimmacing and brushing
himself off.  Despite the obviously bulging crotch of his
tights, Tenchi is angry.  'Keep off!  You're the real
Ryouko, from back home, where I let you out of the cave,
aren't you?  Don't touch me, just take me back home!'
	'I...I...don't know how.  I don't know if we can. 
T...T..Tenchi...oh.'  Ryouko is speaking softly.  Waves of
grief wash through her, first she hiccups, then settles to
her knees, salt tears are flowing, mucous streaming to her
breasts.  She is truly misrable, almost inconsolable.  A
blueclad leg wavers into her downcast view.  A hand reaches
down to her chin,  'Ryouko, I love you.'  She looks up to
find a finger to her lips.  'You simply can't have me that
way.'  She wipes the mucous from herself with the sleeves of
her jacket, a little messy, but better than on her face and
breasts.  'Control yourself, let me lead, and everything
will be alright.'
	Tenchi has moved around behind her, his soft hands
slide down her neck on each side,  to remove the open
jacket.  The bustier she has chosen, a Jurai pattern one
with an interlocking triangle pattern down the front, pushes
her breasts upward, embracing her like the lover she yearns
for.  She raises her arms laxly to allow the jacket to come
off.  He folds the soiled part in, and uses the lining to
finish cleaning her off.  Her hands settle palm up on her
knees.  She is frightened, more frightened even than when
facing death at the hand of Kagato.  Her loins feel like
water, and hot.  She fears she might loose all muscle
control and wet herself.  Taking most of her weight off
relieves some pressure, and the resiliency of her flesh
causes her to gently rise a few centimeters.
	Tenchi leans over her, hand turning her face up.  Their
lips meet voluntarily for the first time, the salt of her
tears making contrast with the fresh, forest cleanness of
her man.  She shifts her body slightly, carefully allowing
Tenchi to control the pressure and contact of their bodies. 
Head turned, her cheek now presses the radiating warmth of
his manhood through the tightness of the battlesuit.  He
reaches down and pinches the release on her bustier, it's
molacular bindings loose, and it falls open, slides down
between her rump and his ankles, his hands gently massage
her normally petite nipples to largeness.  With growing
sureness of his mind, Ryoko turns, streaching upward to snag
the belt release of his battlesuit with a sharp canine.
	The suit splits up and down the front, releasing his
pent up manhood.  It stands forth, foreskin tight, golden
skin taut, a bead of viscous fluid at the tip.  She has
never before seen it thus, well not really, anyway.  A
memory drifts by; little Tenchi, maybe 12 years old, has
taken a piss, and unaware of the watcher, rubs his little
penis a little, it swells, but then someone is calling. 
Boy, that Juraian puberty is late and slow.  Still, now he
is almost full of manhood, his smooth, full scrotum and
faint straggles of pubic hair pretty much what he will have,
almost as naked as Ryouko, but with pleanty of penis to fill
a woman, he is definately a man.  Unable to resist, Ryoko's
rather extravagant tongue flicks out to taste that pearl of
fluid.
	Tenchi twitches, the foreskin retreats to reveal the
roundness of his glans, and Ryoko shies back, afraid he will
draw away.  Seeing her fear, he laughs and reaches down to
the release of her skirt, on her left hip.  He opens her
skirt across the polished but resiliant deck of Ryo-ohki,
and rolls down on one palm to end up  lying between her
legs, his  face sideways to her bosom, his manhood brushing
the inside of her knee, his hip pressing on her down there.
he touches a signet ring, and the battlesuit vanishes.
	A mere thought, and Ryo-ohki provides her mistress with
a moulded backrest.  Ryouko flings her arms wide and
struggles to keep herself open and passive against surges of
desire to envelop her lover.  He mouths the roundness of her
breasts, each in turn, tongue circling tingling nipple,
pulling away with a lip-sealed suction that sends pleasure
spreading up her neck and down her belly from those
seductive but virginal breasts.  Tenchi slides down between
her legs, his breath upon her belly, then her mound.  Now
his toungue carresses her slickly wet nakedness, down there. 
His tongueing is much larger and firmer than the princess',
his mouth larger, the suction more agressive, his hot breath
more alive.
	The time has come, Tenchi grasps her shoulders and
pulls himself up upon her, they are truly face to face,
nipple to nipple, mouth to mouth, eye to eye.  His hard
manhood is pressing against her entry.  'You are a virgin',
it is a statement, not a question.  He hesitates, 'I don't
want to hurt you.' ' Never',  she whispers back, thinking
'there are some advantages to this body Washu concieved.' 
Washu feels an additional flush of warmth for her daughter
on that thought.  This dream coupling, this sex in the mind
is in some ways better than the real, less mess and risk
too, the practical-minded scientist is thinking.  Ryoko is
not completely helpless and hopeless about her extraordinary
body, she focuses on where Tenchi's organ is pressing
against her hymen, the tissues part painlessly, willingly,
serving their mistress.
	Tenchi slides in.  Washu enviously remembers a moment
twenty-thousand years ago, of mixed agony and pleasure, a
tearing, blood and semen on the sheets.  The psychic ecstasy
of Ryouko is almost greater than the sexual.  She allows the
moulding behind her back to drop, arches her hips, cradling
his. Tenchi's manhood is deep within her, his pubic arch
pressed against that magic fold, that magic firmness of her
clit.  Another woman might have found the heat and weight
uncomfortable, but Tenchi is light and lithe, Ryouko is
strong, and this is the closest she can come to engulfing
him, holding him.  He is holding her arms down, and she
allows him.  It is almost like a marathon of body wrestling,
as the couple, hot and slick, writhe together, hips locked
in glorious unison, she can feel the pulsing of his orgasm,
her own answering.  He messily slides out, belly pressing
mons, to allow some of the trickling fluids down on his own
pubes.
	Tenchi stands up, looming over the sated, happy Ryouko. 
'Eh, Ryouko, I am truly sorry.'  'Why, my star, my
everything?' 'I am such a thoughtless man, what if you
should become with child?' 'Why, then I shall be even more
happy.' ' But I don't think you are ready.' 'Is anyone,
ever?'  Ryouko looks sady up at the man she loves, and his
now shrunken penis.
	'Let me  touch you a little', She looks longingly at
his diminished manhood. 'Eeh', he nodds, and she sits up,
reaches up, to run her hands over his hips, press her cheek
to his penis.  It swells a little, she cups his balls in her
right hand and tongues his foreskin. Soon she has a mouth
full of swollen manhood with a strange flavor mixing her own
savor with his.  She reaches out her levitation power and
the both of them float upward, Tenchi pulling her nether
mouth to his  face.  The circuit of heat rises again,
engulfing and embracing.  Hot pulses of mucous flow in
Ryouko's mouth, as her own loins melt in waves of heat and
ecstasy: And poor little Washu? Her fingers go in and out
frantically, around and around ten thousand times.

					End

A couple of reminders:  This work of fiction is a parody,
vaguely permissable under the laws where it was created, the
U.S.A., only non-commercially and not for profit.  The
original characters and situations are copyright AIC &
Pioneer LDCA, and any commercial use or public performance
of these materials would require the highly unlikely
permission of the original copyright holders.
Text Copyright 1998, by Anyaku, <anyaku@hotmail.com>
					
"RYOUKO NO YUME"