Tenchi and all associated characters are the property of Pioneer and some other 
company

Send E-Mail to  thtadthtshldntbe@home.com 
my name is Matthew Marino
And no I am not 15 I am much older though I would love to be stuck to Ryoko.

Setting-OVA continuity plus Kiyune (she's hot, 2nd best after Ryoko).
After the confrontation with Kagato

---------------------------------------------------------------
RYOKO'S NEW PET part 1- Is He House Broken?

	The skies of San Diego were filled with fire as Tsunami, manifest with all 
10
lighthawk wings destroyed enemy battleship after battleship. Hundreds of smaller 
(than Tsunami at least) ships darted around and were destroyed. This blazing 
glory
would have been a spectacular sight for the people of San Diego but none of them
seemed to notice it. 

	On the ground Tenchi and his companions battled valiantly to keep the 
invading
Soruylian forces from gaining a foothold on the earth. Washu was busy at the 
controls
of a mysterious machine ( as usual).

	"Tenchi you must finish them off quickly. My psychonulifier won't keep 
these
people from noticing for much longer. There is just too much energy spilling 
about."

	<Why do I have to do everything -sigh- The girls have almost as much 
power.
I knew we should have made grandfather come. > "Ok Little Washu. I'll see what I 
ca..."
All of a sudden the fighting seemed to stop. Ryoko teleported in beside her 
mother
and Tenchi. Even in the middle of battle she was as horny as ever. She draped 
herself
across Tenchi's back as she roared,

	"What the hell do you think has happened my Tenchi?"
	
	"You're lucky I turned off my lighthawk wings Ryoko or you would get 
jabbed
with something you really wouldn't want to get jabbed with." All three of them 
laughed
at Tenchi's counter quip. Tenchi had begun to counter the girls overt passes 
with a
wry sense of humor. Washu thought it was a sign of maturity or at least a sign 
that he
was almost done with puberty. She still wondered how a teenage boy stuck in the 
midst
of a nest of intergalactic experienced beautiful women, all of whom were at 
least ten
years older than him, had been able to keep his pants zipped. She had long ago
concluded it was something in his Juraiin nature. Kind of how Sasami could be 
several
hundred years old and still a child. Washu knew that Ryoko, Kiyune, and Mihoshi
wouldn't have minded sharing Tenchi's affections. Ayeka might have complained 
but
Ayeka complains about everything. 

	The brief sense of peace evaporated as Washu discovered exactly what had
happened. All  of the remaining battle ships had combined their energy and mass 
into
a giant ship. It had just manifested into the physical realm. Apparently these
Soruylian's could manipulate matter and energy at a fundamental level. Or at 
least
as fundamental a level as everyone except for Washu and Tsunami understood it. 
This
giant ship seemed impressive but it was still only half the size of Tsunami's 10
lighthawk wings. A massive blast of energy was launched towards the Suruylian's
last ship. It was almost obliterated. Almost however did not mean everything.
	
	Washu quickly realized where it was going to fall. She sighed with relief.
The gang had used one of Washu's psycho prods (as in Psychic cattle prod but for
people) to herd away the local bystanders. The remaining mass seemed destined to 
hit
that Taco bell. < what a shame thought Washu some tacos would be a nice after 
battle
snack. Oh well ... What the fuck> There was someone in the Taco Bell. Who had 
been
assigned to clear that section... MIHOSHI! oh no. There was only one woman for 
the job.

	"Ryoko quick. there's a kid in that Taco Bell. Mihoshi must have missed 
him."
As callous as Ryoko could be, ever since she had been freed from Kagato's 
control she
had become selfless to a fault when it came to protecting others. Through her 
special
link Washu knew that was because of all the lives she had been forced to take. 
Washu
heart almost broke whenever she went into her daughter's mind and felt her 
guilt.
Ryoko teleported immediately to the boy's side.
	
	"Uh hello ma'am, what would you like today. We have a three burrito lunch
special. For someone as good looking as you I'll throw in free french fries if 
you
give me a kiss." Not having been exposed to American pop culture before Ryoko 
smiled
at the boy's attempt to hit on her. She was unaware that 15 year old guys will 
hit on
anything that moves. < oh what the hell, I'll get free french fries. > Ryoko 
grabbed
him by the shirt and pulled him over the counter with one hand. With her other 
hand she
finished packing her order. The boy seemed to be in a state of shock. He 
actually
tried to resist kissing Ryoko. Unfortunately for him Ryoko could bench press a 
space
shuttle. And Ryoko was a very experienced woman. After a few seconds of 
squirming he
gave in to a little tongue. Ryoko smiled inwardly at the glazed look coming over 
his
eyes. < Now if only Tenchi were this easy. > After a few minutes she let some of 
her
power flow into the kiss. The kid started to fall asleep ( by her will of 
course)
< very pleasant dreams thought Ryoko. He's actually a pretty good kisser. And 
human
lips tasted so good. She would always have a food memory of her french fry boy. 
>
She threw him over her shoulder and patted him on the ass. Now to get out of her
and eat my burrito's before Mihoshi sees them. 

	Ryoko was out of time. She threw up an energy shield. She hoped it would 
be
enough to protect her french fry boy. She of course could survive it easily. 
Washu on
the other hand rarely left anything to chance. And that only occurred when she 
couldn't
factor out Mihoshi. She poured energy down the link between her and Ryoko. She 
was
trying to dissipate the energy into subspace. Just then, "Hey Little Washu do 
you mind
if I put my hat here? It's messing up my hair and I have a big date tonight."

	<Who's that here, Hat, Oh no Mihoshi, no!!!> Mihoshi placed her hat on the
disruption switch on the Psycho nullifier control panel. For the briefest of 
seconds
the colossal energies of the crashing space ship, Washu's subspace transference 
and
a psychic wormhole interacted on Ryoko and her french fry boy. then it all ended 
in
a colossal explosion.

	"Mihoshi, HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU. DO NOT TOUCH MY 
EQUIPMENT!!!!!" 

	"Now wait a minute Washu," Mihoshi raised her hands submissively as she 
backed
away. She had seen that look before. Usually Ryoko had it just before she kicked
someone's ass. Mihoshi thought her ass was just fine the way it is ( and so did 
every
guy who ever looked at it ). "I don't know what kind of girl you think I am but
I don't touch other people's equipment until after the third date. And I don't 
think
we have gone out even once yet." 

	Washu couldn't be angry with Mihoshi for very long. Not especially since 
she
could sense that Ryoko and her, Washu giggled when she thought about what Ryoko
called him, her french fry boy were ok. She finally broke a smile.

	"So you're not going to vaporized her Washu, excuse me Little Washu." 
Kiyune
blurted out. She had something of a look of disappointment on her face. Ever 
since she
had shown up on this dirt ball backwater planet she had been trying to get 
reassigned.
On the deepest level she thought of Mihoshi as the littlest sister you love 
beyond
belief but can't stand being around. She felt sorry for whatever guy Mihoshi 
ever
married. 

	Just then Ryoko teleported in with a guy over her left shoulder and the 
remains
of a Taco Bell lunch special in her right hand. Mihoshi sniffed the air. "Oo. 
Tacos
and french fries. Can I have some Ryoko." Ryoko threw Mihoshi the last burrito. 
"What
about some french fries, Ryoko. I want some fries." She was starting to pout.

	"Can't have any of those. He only gives up french fries if he gets french 
kissed.
I got some." Ryoko held up her prize. 

	"OOO," Mihoshi and Kiyune at once. Both had fallen in love with Earth fast 
foods
since they had landed here. And salty french fries were the best. Both stepped 
up
behind Ryoko and made a few tentative kisses towards the young man draped over 
Ryoko's
shoulder. He was however in a deep sleep. " I know how we can wake him up," 
Mihoshi
looked at Kiyune.

	"Yeah lay him on the ground Ryoko. He'll like this." Ayeka who had just 
walked
 over face faulted with Tenchi and Ryoko. Apparently only Washu understood what 
they
really meant.

	"They don't mean that you idiots. They're cops not rapists. They mean to 
use
CPR. You know mouth to mouth resuscitation." A collective sigh.

	"Well mom open the portal. We have to get home. I want to take a bath.
Soruylian's are icky after they have exploded. He can't give any more fries out 
now.
I put him asleep." She laid him down and folded her leather jacket beneath his 
head.
"Sleep well french fry boy" Washu opened the portal. The gang headed through the
portal. Ryoko headed through last. She always was the straggler. About four and
a half feet out on the other side she got stuck. She started to pull harder. 
Finally
she gave a yank. 

	"OOOOOWWWW, Mother fucker, what the fuck ... OWWWWWW" Someone was 
screaming in
pain and writhing on the floor. The portal had closed. Everyone turned to look 
and
said, "Oh shit" at the same time. It was the french fry boy. He seemed to be 
unhurt
but was in pain.

	"What's wrong with him?" Tenchi asked. " And more importantly why is he 
here."

	Strangely it was Ryoko who answered, "He is in pain from being squeezed 
through
the closing dimensional portal. It only hurt though, nothing is broken."

	Washu looked at her daughter, "How do you know that?"
	
	"I'm not sure. I can feel what he is feeling. And boy is he in pain. I 
mean if
I were a feeble human I would be on the ground writhing as well." Ryoko walked 
over to
sit on the couch. As she did, when she tried to go more than five feet away, the
young man started to drag along behind her. Tenchi caught a lamp as it tipped 
over.
"Gee that's strange. I feel a pull whenever I try to move away from him. It's 
like
I have an anchor or something. But it is really light."

	Washu was not the supreme scientific genius in all existence for nothing, 
In a
few moments she had come to a hypothesis as to what had occurred. She stared 
angrily
at Mihoshi but only briefly.

	Everyone saw her however, "Motherrr. What did you do now. Is this one of 
your
stupid experiments?" Just then the young man came aware and sat up by Ryoko's 
feet.
He seemed perplexed. 

	"Where the hell, Um excuse me. Where am.. Oh fuck it. Where the fuck am I.
Hey wait a minute I'm not speaking English. I don't know any other languages.
science majors don't have to take any. 

	Washu's interest came alive, " Are you in college young man. What 
science."

	"I'm a junior at UCLA. I'm studying physics. I want to go to Berkeley for 
grad
work. Um with all due respect, miss?" 

	"Little Washu"

	"Ok Little Washu . where am I."

	"You are at the Masaki shrine in Okoyama Japan." Yosho's voice carried in 
from
the kitchen as he walked into the living room. "Do we have another guest then." 
He was
looking straight at Washu.

	"Um yes sort of. It's not like he could leave. Unless Ryoko wanted to then 
he
would have to go with her. He's not strong enough to make her go anywhere and 
then if
he wanted to stay and she didn't then he would have to go with her. Unless of 
course
she changed her..."

	"WASHU!!! STOP!!!" Everyone yelled at once. She knew that it was time for 
an
explanation. She knew that the only one who might understand was Yosho and maybe 
the
new kid. He said he was a Physics student. Although earth science was goobley 
gook. 

	"I can't be in Japan. I was working at Taco Bell in San Diego less than 
ten
minutes ago." He looked at his watch for confirmation. "How can I possibly have 
gotten
to Japan in less than ten minutes." He looked at Washu for an explanation. She
wondered how she became the group spokesperson. < Oh yeah I am the supreme 
scientific
genius in the universe > 

	She gathered her supreme scientific dignity and put on an air of 
authority.
For some reason everyone started to giggle. Except for the french fry boy. She 
was
starting to like him already. "Ok french fr... What's your name?"

	"Santo Donato Jr, but everyone calls me Sonny."

	"Ok Sonny and everyone. You came here in a wormhole. Can you accept that?"

	"After everything else I guess I could."

	"Good then accept the rest on my authority. After all I am the supreme 
scientific
genius in the universe." Sonny's eyes perked up at that. He seemed more 
impressed
than the others at hearing her title. He was really growing on her. After 
summing up
the events of the battle so Yosho would understand, Ryoko grew more and more 
upset
as Washu went on. "Then I wasn't sure that Ryoko and Sonny here could survive 
the
blast, so I used some of my pow.. err technology to try to shunt the energy into
subspace. Just as I did this Mihoshi put her hat on the Psycho nullifier and hit 
the
disruption switch. Wam Bam thank you ma'am and now Ryoko and the french fry boy
are linked physically and psychically on some unknown level."

	This seemed to reunite Kiyune's and Mihoshi's desire for french fries." 
You hold
his head still and I'll start kissing. Tenchi always seems to get away when we 
try
to kiss him and I really want some fries." Mihoshi spoke to Kiyune as she 
straddled
Sonny. Kiyune knelt behind Sonny as he squirmed under Mihoshi. Kiyune held his 
head
between two hands and Mihoshi started making out with him. Normally a 15 year 
old guy
in such a predicament would say what  the hell but being molested by alien 
chicks in
front of an audience was not exactly the way Sonny wanted to lose his virginity.
Besides for some reason they seemed to want french fries before they would stop, 
not
that he really wanted them to stop but he did not want to do it with everyone
standing there and watching. 

	He tried to get them off of him but it only took seconds to realize that 
both
of them had super strength or something or maybe all horny chicks had super 
strength,
he didn't exactly know. This was as close to a horny chick as he had ever 
gotten.
Then they decided on a different course of action. 

	"This doesn't seem to be working Kiyune."
	
	"You know Ryoko. Maybe she did a little more than kissing to get those 
fries.
Are you game Mihoshi? I'm feeling really pumped after that battle. I need to 
work up
an appetite for those fries." Mihoshi said yes with her eyes. "Now don't let him 
up,
Mihoshi, remember Tenchi. These earth boys are slippery." They pushed him all 
the
way down flat on his back. Mihoshi still atop him with her hands now on his 
shoulders.
Kiyune started to undo his clothing. 

	For his part Sonny would have let this happen except for the fact that an 
old
man, a guy around his age, and three other women and a little girl were 
watching. He
reached out to the only one who had helped him before. Ryoko for her part was 
rather
enjoying this. She felt almost everything that was being done to Sonny on her 
body.
This link had intriguing possibilities. Sonny reached out his hand towards her 
and was
pleading with his eyes.

	"Mihoshi looked over. Oh no Ryoko. You've already had some fries. Let me 
and
Kiyune get some."

	Everyone busted out laughing, even Sonny. This did not stop Kiyune or 
Mihoshi.
from de clothing him. He was down to his socks and underwear. 

	"Well are you going to help him Ryoko. He is kind of like your pet or 
something
now."
	
	"I guess so mom. I mean if they don't stop they might not quit until he is 
dead
before they realize he doesn't have any fries right now. On the other hand if I 
give
them my last thing of french fires they might want to come back for more and 
either
I'll have to fight them off, or I'll have a really good show or we'll start 
having to
grow a lot of potatoes." She looked at Tenchi and Yosho, "Do potatos grow in 
Japan"

	Tenchi spoke up, "Uh Ryoko. You might want to do something now. Mihoshi's
reaching into his underwear." A profound look of sympathy crossed Tenchi's face.
He knew how close to this very scene he had come dozens of times within the last 
year
or so. At least he had lighthawk wings. What did the french fry boy have. He 
chuckled
at that. 

	"Oh well." Ryoko put the last jumbo fries into Sonny's outstretched hand. 
Sonny
waved them in front of Mihoshi and Kiyune. They snatched them. 

	"We got fries, We got fries" The motions of Mihoshi's groin pressed 
against his
as she writhed in joy and now looking straight up at Kiyune's private area 
started to
make him swoon. Now he didn't want them to stop. Kiyune was down to her pink 
underwear
and stockings. Mihoshi had her top off. "Hey Kiyune, You know what will go 
really good
with these"

	"What Mihoshi?"

	"Vodka shots."

	"All right partner." Kiyune loved getting drunk with Mihoshi. Mihoshi 
always had
tons of liquor. They got up and walked off.

	"Don't step ther... OOOOOOWWWWWWW!!!!" Sonny was writhing on the floor 
again.
Washu was glad that Sonny shared Ryoko's invulnerability now if not her pain 
tolerance.
If he hadn't then that step and spin around on his groin probably would have 
crushed
it. Still it must hurt like a mother fucker. There were distinct advantages to 
being
a woman.

	"What a way to come down champ." Ryoko quipped. After Sonny had stopped 
hurting
he began to get dressed. As he did Sasami came over to him and kissed him on the 
cheek. 

	"Can I have some fries Sonny. I'll kiss you too." Sonny did not need to be 
body
slammed and possibly raped by a ten year old. He crawled closer to Ryoko and 
tried
to hide under her dress. It was about a rational reaction as hiding in a closet
during a fire but Sonny had very little ration left after the last half hour or 
so.

	"Sorry Sonny I already got your fries but I'll try again later if you 
like."

	"Not you too. I can't get away and I know I can't stop anyone." Sonny was
actually starting to cry. 

	Ryoko rubbed him on the head and tussled his hair, "There there Sonny, 
don't
worry Ryoko won't let the big bad babes get your fries." < Hey Washu is right 
thought
Ryoko it is kind of like having a pet > 

	"Hey does this mean I have to start growing potatoes too. Ryo-ohki might 
be
upset." Tenchi  had already moved on to more practical matters. He had long 
since
come to expect the strangeness of life with the girls. Besides, at least Kiyune 
and
Mihoshi might leave him alone now, or at least when they wanted fries. Tenchi 
wondered
< I hope I don't have to kiss him to get any fries. Ick >

	"Now Tenchi. Our new friend has some more practical problems. You know how 
the
girls get when they have their minds set on something. Even Ayeka is sharing 
french
fries and vodka shots with Kiyune and Mihoshi, You can understand his 
predicament.
Can't you"

	"Of course grandfather. At least I'm not stuck to Ryoko for good. I'll 
grow
some potatoes."

	"And I'll make an instant french fry cooker/teleporter so he can keep them 
off
of him."

	"Hey what's wrong with being stuck to Ryoko all the time my Tenchi." Ryoko 
said
as she floated across the room into Tenchi's lap. Sonny was dragged along behind 
her.
The trip wasn't so bad until he got caught on the lamp which Tenchi had saved 
from
falling earlier. Then the lamp broke on him as a fish bowl broke across him from 
the
table. Sonny was rather shocked by the result. As the smell of ozone filled the 
air
Washu spoke.

	"I guess it wasn't such a good idea rewiring the house into the 100 
gigawatt
range. I'm sorry Sonny."

	Sasami, "Is the fish ok?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------

End of Ryoko's New Pet Part 1 - Is He House Broken?
