Ryoko's Heart Chapter 5: Catastrophe 

	"Tenchiiiiiiiii. Tenchiiiiiiiiii.", Tenchi heard the soft sweet
sound of Ryoko's voice. Tenchi began to wake up. "Tenchiiiiii", he
heard Ryoko whisper into his ear again. Tenchi's eyes began to
flutter open. Ryoko leaned down and gave Tenchi a kiss.

"Wake up my Tenchi", she whispered again. Tenchi's eyes opened
all the way and found himself staring into those two beautiful
golden eyes.

"Good morning Ryoko", he greeted. "Sleep well?"

"Oh don't you know it baby", she giggled. She gave Tenchi another
kiss and rested her head on his chest and sighed a happy sigh.
Tenchi started playing with her hair.

"Ooohh, Tenchi, I don't really feel like training today.", she groaned.
"Let's go do something fun together and relax. Let's go do
something................naughty.", she suggested slyly. She propped herself
up with her elbows and down at Tenchi, she started stroking his
chest with her index finger. "After a night like last night I think
we could use some relaxation Tenchi."

"Now that you mention it, I'm not in the mood for training either",
Tenchi agreed. Ryoko sat up and hovered out of bed and and landed
on the floor, standing there exposing her naked body. She stuck
out her hand and curled her index finger telling Tenchi to come
here. Tenchi got out of bed and walked toward her, she walked out
the door backwards still curling her index finger, Tenchi followed.
She phased through the bathroom door, followed by Tenchi. She 
floated up in the air and landed softly into the water of the
olimpic pool sized bath. Tenchi did the same, they were now at the
opposite ends of the bath, then Ryoko dived under water and swam
towards Tenchi. When she reached him she shot up out of the water
and met Tenchi in a deep passionate kiss. Tenchi's hands came up
and massaged her breasts, still exploring each others mouths with
their tounges. 

"Wait Tenchi, we'll have plenty of time for this later, I promise",
she said. After they washed up, they phased into their normal
clothes and went downstairs to have breakfast. When they came
to the table, no one was there. They found a note on the table:

				
					Tenchi and Ryoko-
Me Ayeka, Washu, and Ryo-Ohki went to go shopping, will be back
this afternoon.

													
												
	Lots of Love,
													
													
					Sasami

"Oh well, I guess we'll just have to find somewhere to eat", Tenchi
said. Ryoko groaned as they both teleported outside. Just when they
where about to leave, they heard rumbling. As the sound grew louder
they knew what it was, they both looked up and saw Yugami, (Kiyone
and Mihoshi's space ship, if you're, uh......................stupid). It hovered
down slowly and finally landed next to the house. Then the door
opened and out stepped Kiyone, followed by Mihoshi............unfortunatly.

"Hey Tenchi, hey Ryoko", Kiyone waved.

"Hey Kiyone, still keeping two jobs so you can afford bath water?",
Ryoko snickered. Kiyone just glared at Ryoko, as if she were trying
to stone her. 

"Tenchi, is Washu here? It's nothing important but we need her to
fix our warp jets.", Kiyone said.

"We didn't have money to take it in, so we just........", Mihoshi was
cut off by Kiyone's hand slapping over her mouth, she put her other
hand behind Mihoshi's head and squeezed both hands together so
Mihoshi could not get free. 

"Uh, no Kiyone. She went out shopping with Sasami, Ayeka, and
Ryo-Ohki. They should be back later", Tenchi explained.

"That's okay. We'll come back this afternoon, bye. COME ON MIHOSHI",
Kiyone yelled as she dragged Mihoshi back to the ship. When they
stepped inside, the door slammed shut and Yugami took off and sped
out into orbit. Ryoko was still giggling, then she burst out laughing.
She wrapped her arms around Tenchi to keep herself from falling
over. She just laughed until her sides hurt. Tenchi had a serious
look on his face, then it turned into a little smile, pretty soon he
burst out laughing, they couldn't help it, but the thought of Kiyone
and Mihoshi not being able to afford bath water was just funny.
When they finally stopped, they both gasped for air and calmed
down. 

"So what do you wanna do Tenchi?," asked Ryoko. "Let's go to Tokyo."

"Tokyo? Why would you want to go there?"

"Just bear with me, I'm trying to think of something. What about
the beach? We could spend a few days there and mabye rent a beach
house and................you know, do the bad thang", Ryoko giggled as she
wrapped her arms around Tenchi. Just then, they felt the ground
slightly shake. The shaking grew slightly stronger.

"What the hell is that?", Ryoko asked worried.

"Oh, it's probably just an earthquake", Tenchi replied. "The fault line
on the coast is moving, so we should wait for it to stop before we go to
the beach. I'd say the density is probably about 1.5, so it's nothing
serious, it'll stop soon." After several minutes it stopped. Ryoko still
with arms wrapped around Tenchi. Then it started up again.

"I thought you said it would stop Tenchi."

"That's just an aftershock Ryoko." When it stopped, Ryoko seemed
amazed.

"You never told me the earth moved like that Tenchi."

"I guess that's a part that I left out", Tenchi said. Ryoko cocked an
eyebrow and figured that it wasn't that big of a deal. 

"Let's go pack, I can't wait", Ryoko said as she teleported into the
house. She appeared in Tenchi's room and looked around. She opened
the closet and found a duffle bag lying in the corner. She picked it
up and upzipped it. Then Ryoko thought of something. Why would they
need a bag. All they would have to do is phase into whatever they
wanted to. She shrugged her shoulders and zipped up the bag and put
it back in the closet. When she closed the closet door Tenchi phased
in.

"Where were all this time?", she asked.

"Just thinking."

"About what Tenchi?"

"Us", he replied. He thought about all the times he put Ryoko down.
Always angry with her and blowing her off so he could be with
Ayeka. He thought about what would happen if he kept this up, he
would end up with Ayeka, marrying her, starting a family, and be
unhappy for the rest of his life because Ayeka was not the one he 
really loved. He thought about Ryoko leaving and never returning 
because she lost the battle with Ayeka, or finding out Ryoko 
commited suicide because of Tenchi choosing Ayeka, because he 
knew Ryoko would've done something like that if she lost. He thought 
about that happening if he ended up with Ayeka, and passing up the 
oppritunity to be with his one true love, Ryoko. *What if that really 
happened*, he thought. Thinking of all this tore him up inside, he 
was just greatful to God that that didn't happen. He loved Ryoko, 
he always has loved Ryoko, he just didn't know it yet, and he always 
will love Ryoko. She was the one. Tenchi tried with all his might to 
hold back the tears, he was lucky, he was able to hold in most of them. 
When a tear flowed down his cheek, Ryoko grew worried.

"What's wrong Tenchi?", she asked as she walked towards him. She
wrapped her arms around her neck and embraced him. Tenchi hugged
her as the tears kept coming, he didn't make a sound when he wept
but inside he was practically screaming. "Like you said before Tenchi,
I'm here for you." Thoughts flowed through Ryoko's head, she just
wondered what made Tenchi this way all of a sudden. When Tenchi
finally stopped, Ryoko brushed the remaining tears off of his face.

"I'm sorry Ryoko, it's nothing really. I just love you", Tenchi said as
Ryoko smiled and hugged him again.

"I love you too, my Tenchi." Ryoko gave him a passionate kiss. When she
broke away she took Tenchi's hand and they both floated up and 
phased through the ceiling. They figured they should have a nice long
fly to the beach. As they soared through the air, Tenchi checked his
watch, it was only 10:00 a.m., they had a whole day to themselves
to do things, and all night. They just flew, letting out all their worries.
They felt free, free from everything, free to be alone with each other
and nobody else. After what seemed like forever, they came up to the
beach.

"It's beautiful Tenchi", Ryoko commented. "Especially from way up here."
There were people there, kids swimming in the clean ocean, building
sand castles, and people playing volleyball. Tenchi wondered why
people were here so early, he looked at his watch again, it was 11:30
a.m. Well, it wasn't crowded thank god. They stopped and hovered in
mid-air looking for a spot to land so no one would see them. They
found a nice spot where nobody settled yet and nobody would see
them land. When they landed, Ryoko looked out ahead. Nothing out in
front of her but ocean, she took in the aroma of the ocean breeze. 
It was a perfect day, the sun was out, and there wasn't a cloud in
the sky. 

"I never thought the ocean was this big before. It's unbelievable
Tenchi, we should come here more often", she said taking his hand.
She looked around to make sure nobody was looking, when she was
convinced, she phased into her blue bikini. Tenchi did the same, he
looked to see if anyone was looking and he phased into his black
swimming trunks. Ryoko jumped high into the air and dove into the
water. A few seconds later she came and waved for Tenchi. Tenchi
jumped up and dove in. When he came up, he saw that Ryoko was gone.
He heard a splash behind him and saw Ryoko.

"Tenchi, which ocean is this again? Is it the Atlantis, or the 
Paficic?", she asked.

"That's Atlantic Ryoko, and no, this is the Pacific."

"Oh, I always get those two mixed up." 

			Later during the day, Tenchi teleported home to get a beach
towels and an umbrella. When he came back he set them up while
Ryoko built a sand castle. When Tenchi finished setting everything
up he went over to help Ryoko finish the sand castle. After that
they went swimming for a while and came out to dry off. They laid
on the beach towels relaxing. Tenchi looked at his watch, it was
3:00 p.m., time was flying. 

"Hey Ryoko, we'd better go find a beach house to rent before they
all get taken", Tenchi said before he realized that Ryoko was asleep.
She was lying on her side facing Tenchi, looking like an angel as
always. He leaned forward and gave her a kiss. He rested his arms
under his head and fell asleep. 

			Tenchi awoke to Ryoko lying on top him, watching him sleep
as usual. Tenchi looked at his watch. It read 4:00 p.m., he was
amazed that it had only been an hour. 

"Oh yeah I almost forgot, we should go rent a beach house before
everyone takes them all Ryoko."

"Okay let's go", she said as they got up and started walking. They
passed some nice beach houses, but they were all occupied. After
a long time of walking, they stopped at a nice big beach house. A
man in a dark blue suit came out.

"Are you two interested in ren....."

"Yes we are", Ryoko interupped excitedly. 

"How long would you two like rent?", he asked.

"Weeeell, make it a week", Tenchi replied. Tenchi payed the man
the cost, and the man gave them the key. When he left, they walked
up the stairs to the 30 foot high balcony. They were surprised when
they noticed how far apart the beach houses were, they couldn't see
any other houses anywhere. Tenchi insterted the key and opened the
door. There was a big living room in front of them with a couch in 
front of a T.V., a recliner next to it, and a card table with four chairs.
In the very back of the room was a door that lead to the kitchen. And
onthe right side of the room was a flight of stairs that lead to the
second story of the house. Ryoko walked into the kitchen and examined
it. Tenchi walked up the stairs and looked around. On the left end side
of the hall was a bathroom with a shower and a jacuzzi. In the middle
of the hallway was the master bedroom, it had a nice size walking
closet, a king size bed with nightstands on each side of it, and a 
dresser with a T.V. 

"Wow, a whole week Tenchi. Just you and me.", Ryoko said as she
walked into the room and hugged Tenchi. "The only problem is that
there is no food, and it's dinner time." Tenchi looked at the clock,
it said 5:30 p.m. 

"We'll go home to eat tonight Ryoko", he said as they walked out of
the room. They decended the stairs and went outside. Tenchi locked
the door to the house as they phased into their casual clothes. It was 
still sunny out and hot. They ascended into the air began to fly home.
They flew over Tokyo, they looked at all the skyscrapers and people
at bird's eye view. After a while, they came into the country, all the
trees and meadows, they were excited to get home.........or at least
what was left of it. As they flew ahead, they saw smoke coming
from the distance. This worried the both of them. They accelerated
their speed, anxtious to see what happened. When they came close,
they landed in the woods and ran the rest of the way. During their
run the saw something lying on the ground in the distance, when they
got closer they could make out what it was, it was Ayeka. She was
lying flat on her stomach unconcious. They ran up to her and Ryoko
knelt down beside her to try and wake her. They saw the wrecked
house in front of them, the whole top story of it was pretty much
gone. There was smoke coming from it and a little bit of flames
still burning. Tenchi ran inside to see if anyone was hurt. The house
was a disaster that couldn't be explained. He finally found Washu
knocked out cold lying on the couch. Tenchi ran over to her and scooped
her up in his arms. He then ran into the kitchen and looked for anyone.
When he had just about given up hope, he found Sasami and Ryo-Ohki 
lying on the floor, knock out. He carried Washu over his left shoulder 
and picked up Sasami and Ryo-Ohki and carried them over his right. 
Then he heard the house begin to creek. He looked above and saw the 
ceiling begin to crack. With no time to spare, he teleported outside as 
the ceiling caved in. He got out just in time to see the house collapse to 
the ground. He came up to Ryoko who was still tending to Ayeka. He 
laid Washu and Sasami down on the ground. He checked their pulse and 
to see if they were breathing, luckly they were. But then Tenchi saw 
something in the distance, more smoke.

"Wait here Ryoko, I'll be right back", he said to Ryoko who was still
trying to revive the others. Tenchi darted passed the house and towards
the carrot field. He finally reached the carrot field and ran like hell.
When he came to the end of the field, he stopped and stood in front of
what he saw, it was Yugami. It had been destroyed. It was split in half
right bown the middle, just like the Titanic. The bow (the front) of it
just laid flat on the ground, dents and ripped holes all over it. The 
windows were all shattered. The stern (the back) was right behind
the bow, it laid in the position that the ship would normally be in,
except split in half and about ten yards away from the bow. The stern
laid flat, the about half way to the very back of it, it bent upwards
facing the sky. There were also ripped holes all over it and debris
was everywhere. 

"Holy shit", Tenchi said to himself. "It looks like someone took a can
opener to it." Tenchi ran ib between the bow and the stern where it
was split. Since the ship was even bigger than his house, he had to fly up
to the top level of the bow. When he came to it he stepped inside. There
were a few lights flickering on and off, and some had sparks flying
from them. He slowly walked down the narrow and bent-out-of-shape
hallways to the cockpit. It was dark, it took him a while for his eyes
to adjust to it. He heard the distant echoing of dripping water, and
electricity trying to stay on. Finally after a long time of walking,
he reached the door to the cockpit. He couldn't get it open. He formed
his energy ax and began to chop through it, melting away the metallic
door. When he made a big enough hole he extinguished his ax and stepped
in. There was sunlight shining through the shattered windshield, 
making the place a little more visible.

"Kiyone, Mihoshi, where are you!", he called out as he saw a hand
sticking up from the pilot's seat. He quickly ran over to it and looked.
There were thick metal sheets and glass covering it. Tenchi quickly 
started pulling them away. He came to the last sheet, it was big and
heavy, after a while of pulling at it, he finally managed to lift it off.
When he did he looked down at the horrendous sight, he couldn't believe
what he saw, there lied 
Kiyone.............................................................dead.
His eyes widened as he saw it, not bearing to look at the sight anymore,
he spun around, fell to his hands and knees and started to vomit. He
was over taken by this, a girl he's known for a long time now was
gone, not wanting to look again as he coughed and spewed up vomit.
When he finally stopped, it took him a while to get his head together.
When he finally had enough courage to look again, he slowly got up 
and turned around. Kiyone was sitting on the floor with her back and
head rested on the pilot's seat. Her head was turned facing Tenchi,
her eyes were wide open and her pupils were the size of a pin head.
Her uniform was ripped and dirty. She had some black dirt and burn
marks and bloody cuts all over her face, her mouth hung open and had 
blood oozing from her mouth. Tenchi clenched his fists and his face 
tightened as tears ran down his face. He knelt down beside her and
weeped. He then screamed in horror mixed with furry. 

"Tenchi?", Ryoko asked hearing Tenchi's screamed. She teleported
over to where Tenchi went and saw Yugami. "What the hell happened?",
she asked herself. She flew up to the top of the bow and phased through
the wall leading to the cockpit. She saw Tenchi knelt down beside the
pilot's seat weeping. "Tenchi what's................?", she stopped when she
saw Kiyone's corpse. "Oh my god!", she cried out as she ran over to 
Tenchi and hugged him tight. They both held each other and cried. 
Ryoko's eye caught another terrifying sight. Over in the corner of the
cockpit lied Mihoshi. She was lying on her stomach with a thick big
pointed metal sheet impaled through her back.

"Oh my god Tenchi!", she cried out again as Tenchi looked at what 
she was looking at. They both looked away and cried harder. After
several minutes of this they got up teleported out to the house, they
just couldn't stay there any longer. They walked over to the the others
to take them somewhere to revive them. Tenchi picked up Ayeka and
Washu and Ryoko picked up Sasami and they teleported to the beach house.


To be continued.........


Autors notes: Alright, I know, a little to suspenseful. It's not over
yet though. Any questions or comments, please e-mail me at
brandonblair@hotmail.com, chapter 6 will be here soon, Peace-out!!!!
