                              Ryoko andTenchi

           Its morning and Tenchi is stillsleeping. Ryoko goes through the
wall and is hovering above him.
Ryoko:Open yours eyes Tenchi.
Tenchi:Aaaaahhhhhhhh!!! Ryoko what are you doing here!?!
Ryoko:Aww, no good morning kiss.
Tenchi:Ryoko! How many times have I told you no to wake me up like that!
Ryoko:What’s the matter with waking up your boyfriend?
Tenchi:And for the last time we are not dating!
Ryoko:Well I only wanted to tell you that it's time for breakfast.
Tenchi:Can you please just go through the door.
Ryoko:(slyly) Okay Tenchi, next time I will just go through the door.
Tenchi:You know what I mean! Actually open the door and walk through it.
Ryoko:(tearfully) But then I won't be able to see the peaceful look on you
and thewonderful look of surprise on your face when I wake you up.
Tenchi:(puts his arm around Ryoko) Oh, that’s okay Ryoko.
Ryoko:Really?
Tenchi:Yes really.
Ryoko:Good then give me a big wet one!
Tenchi:Ryokooo!!
      Meanwhile in the kitchen.
Ayeka:I wonder what is taking Tenchi so long.
Mihoshi:Oh don't worry about Tenchi. I sent Ryoko to get him awhile ago.
Ayeka:You did whaaaatttttt!!!!! (echoes throughout the house)
Ayeka:(sobbing) Oh Tenchi, I can only imagine what that horrible Ryoko is
doing toyou. (composing herself) Sniff, well I am not going to just stand
around whileshe steals my Tenchi. Ryoko!
      In the bedroom.
Tenchi:What was that? Uh, I think you'd better answer her.
Ryoko:Oh fine, if it will please you Tenchi. Ayyyeekkaa!! Shut up you old
hag, I'mtalking to Tenchi. There is that okay Tenchi.
Tenchi:Uh, that’s not what I meant.
Ayeka:That's it I'm coming up!
Ryoko:We'll show her grab on Tenchi.
Tenchi:(groans) Okay. (Ryoko and Tenchi teleport down to the kitchen and
quietly starteating)
Ayeka:Now Ryoko you must stop...what! (she goes down the stairs)
Ryoko:Oh, hi Ayeka did you sleep well.
Ayeka:Arrr! Now Ryoko just how long have you been down here?
Ryoko:(sweetly) Since I got up a while ago. Why do you ask?
Ayeka:Stop your lies and stop gulping all of the tea.
Ryoko:You couldn't be more wrong. (puts her arms around Tenchi in a hug)
Tell her myTenchi.
Ayeka:(also puts her arms around Tenchi) What he is not your Tenchi tell
her.
Tenchi:(nervously) Ohhh.
Ryoko:Leave us alone, we were meant for each other.
Mihoshi:Aw, c'mon you guys can't you all just get along.
Ryoko and Ayeka: (knock her out of the way) Butt out!
Washu: Come on you two, this should be a joyous occasion. Ijust made a new
invention. It’s the Sake Supplier.
Ayeka: Well, what does it do Miss. Washu?
Ryoko: Isn’t obvious, why it…it…..what does it do?
Everyone fell anime style except Ryoko.
Washu: It can disperse any type of sake that you want.
All: Oooooohhhhhhhhh!!!!
Ryoko: How does it work?
Washu: Well, these buttons control the amount, these thetype, and these the
potency. Come on, now let’s have a celebratory party!
All: Yaaayyyyy!!
Ryoko: I want to be the first to try it out!
Ayeka: Well that figures.
Ryoko: Shut up! Now (pressing buttons) there we go.(seductively) Come on
Tenchi, you can share this one with me.
Tenchi: (nervously) Uh, well...um, you know it wouldn’t beright.
Ryoko: Aw, Tenchi that’s okay just (pours the sake down histhroat)
whoopsy. Now doesn’t that make you feel better.
Tenchi: (gagging) Aaaahhhhh! (drunkenly) Wow I never knewhow good this stuff
was.
Ryoko: It doesn’t take much sake to put him away does it, ohwell. Now I
will propose a toast, to Washu the greatest scientist in theuniverse!
All: To Washu!
Tenchi: (after everyone else) To Washu! (hiccup) Hahahaha.
Washu: Thank you. I think everyone can agree that this is mybest invention
ever!!!
All: Yaaayyyyy!!!
That night everyone had a great time and especially Tenchigot drunk. Now it
is morning in Tenchi’s room.
Tenchi: Ugh! What happened, I can hardly remember lastnight. (then he
notices that someone else is in his bed) Oh no, I knew Ishouldn’t have
drunk all that sake! I wonder who it is.
Ryoko: Mmmm, good morning lover.
Tenchi: Aaaaahhhhhh! Ryoko what are you doing here?
Ryoko: Is that any way to talk to your bed mate.
Tenchi: Ryoko what happened last night?
Ryoko: Well, we can re-enact it if you want to.
Tenchi: No! I mean in general.
Ryoko: Oh, okay. Well after your drink we toasted to Washufor her great new
invention. And we all had a lot of sake, but you didn’treally have that
much, only six more shots. Then since you were drunk I helpedyou up the
stairs and changed you to your night clothes.
Tenchi: Oh God.
Ryoko: Then you shared your true feelings for me and we madelove.
Tenchi: Oh, no! I wish I could at least remember my firsttime with a woman.
Ryoko: Don’t worry, you’ll have plenty more opportunitiesand you were
and you were an animal, not at all like I could’ve expected.
Tenchi: Oh what am I going to do! I mean, really it was thatgood, ah that is
not the point.
Ayeka: I think I will check on Tenchi, just to make sure hegot to his bed
okay. I mean he did drink a lot of sake for him. Lord Tenchi howwas y-. O my
God, what is going on!!
Tenchi: It’s not what you think.
Ayeka: Here all this time I thought we were destined to betogether but now I
see that we are not. Just stay here with your monster woman.(crying) I’m
leaving!
Tenchi: Ayeka, no wait!
Ryoko: Um, Tenchi, you might want to put on some clothesbefore you go out.
Tenchi: What ar- aaahhhh!
Ryoko: Boy you sure do scream a lot don’t you.
Tenchi: Be quiet and help me find some clothes.
Ryoko: I know what you can wear. The bed sheets, stay in bedwith me. We can
cuddle.
Tenchi: I need to find Ayeka.
Ryoko: Fine, just leave me here lying in your bed.
Tenchi: (searches for Ayeka and finds her sobbing by Funaho)Ayeka please
understand th-
Ayeka: (angrily) That you and that monster woman are inlove!
Tenchi: I’m sorry but that is true. It wasn’t my intention tohurt you. I
have an attraction to all of you but…
Ayeka: But?
Tenchi: I love Ryoko. I tried to hide my feelings so that noone would get
hurt, especially you. I hope this won’t change our relationship.You can
still marry Yosho.
Ayeka: No, he has grown too old.
Tenchi: Not exactly. He has been hiding his true appearancefor some time. I
know because Lady Funaho told me before she left.
Ayeka: Oh thank you Lord Tenchi I will ask him immediately.
Tenchi: I am glad I set things straight and you are pleased,goodbye.
Ayeka goes to the shrine and meets Yosho.
Ayeka: Hello Yosho. I have decided to continue with ourmarriage.
Yosho: Oh really, what has made you change your mind.
Ayeka: Mainly that Tenchi has revealed that he loves Ryokoand you are hiding
your actual appearance.
Yosho: Whatever do you mean?
Ayeka: Lady Funaho told Tenchi about you concealing yourappearance and now
he has told me.
Yosho: (changes to normal) You see me as I truly am, Yoshocrown prince of
Jurai.
Ayeka: Oh, even your voice has changed. You are now thesweet fiancé I
remember.
Yosho and Ayeka embrace and go to the house and declaretheir wedding to all
but Tenchi and Ryoko.
While Ayeka was going to Yosho, Tenchi raced to the houseand into his room
to find Ryoko napping in his bed.
Tenchi: Now there is a sight I love. (he gets undressed andjoins Ryoko.
Ryoko: Hmm, back so soon.
Tenchi: You have to understand that I want to remain friendswith all of you.
And now Ayeka is with Yosho and I with you, so all is well.
Ryoko: I understand, all that I care about is being with youespecially in
moments like this.
Dimension of Love plays in the background.
Tenchi: Now I was thinking that we could have a time we bothremember.
Ryoko: Really?
Tenchi: Yes really.
Ryoko: Tenchi, I think that it’s time for you to give methat big wet one
now.
They kiss very passionately as the scene ends.