"Ryoko's Great Flaw!"
By: Amber "Devil Caller" Stilton
Belongs in the Lemon section
Description of "Ryoko's Great Flaw!": What Washu forgot to make for Ryoko.
E-mail me @: MrsHankey@hotmail.com
Rated R. It makes references to tampons, womenhood, and Ryoko's secret flaw.
Read if you dare.
By: Amber "Devil caller" Stilton.

In the basement of the Misaki house, Ryoko sat on her couch that she had
stolen some where
and chomped on barbiqued chips. "How the hell do you spell these any
ways..." Asked Ryoko
in her mind. The Television was on some show, called Pokemon, or something.
Ryoko poped a
chip in the air and chomped on it as it landed in her mouth. Aeyeka came
down the stairs, her
hair was mussed. "What’s going on?" Ryoko laughed at the television. James
from Team
Rocket had been stomped on and his butt had risen like bread and was a
bright red. "How
immature, only babies could like such nonsense..." Mumbled Aeyeka.
"Yeah I know, that’s why I like it!!!" Shouted Ryoko, laughing and holding
her stomach.
Aeyeka plopped down on the couch, her stomach growling. "Give me some
chips..." She said
and grabbed a few. Pushing them in her mouth, Ryoko mumbled. "Pass the lips,
over the gums,
watch out hips, here it comes..." She then laughed at her little saying. A
commercial came on.
"Feel fresh and clean all day with new Tampax tampons...new and improved
with a plastic
applicator..."
"What the hell is a tampon..." Asked Ryoko, her eyes wide. Aeyeka’s eyes
became huge and
she was in a shocked state. "Your a humanoid woman, and you don’t know what
a TAMPON
is??"
"Well...it makes you feel fresh and clean all day, that’s what I hear...."
"Ugh, RYOKO!" She started beating her own head in frustration. Ryoko just
looked at her
funny. "Your worse then Mihoshi..."
"I’m pretty sure Mishoshi would know, she was made naturally. I was made by
a mad scientist that
insists on being called little Washu, which is a term only used for small
children."
"Well..."
"Anyways, so tell me, what is a tampon."
"Okay, a tampon is something a woman uses on that special time of the
month..."
"Special time of the month? You mean a festival "
Aeyeka boiled. "No, that time we call a period, or Washu would say ‘The
Menstraul Cycle’"
"Huh?"
"Ugh...the clensing of the uterus..."
"What’s a Uterus?"
"The thing that holds babies..."
"Why should it be clensed every month...does it get dirty...?"
"Uhm...."
"And why should we be ‘fresh and clean’...?"
"Uh..."
"And how come it’s got different sizes and how come something like that
would have to hold a
baby and why----"
"Shut up and ask Washu!"
"Okay..." Ryoko got up and went up stairs. She came out of the closet that
held the stair way
and walked over to the lab and opened the door. The little crab that jingled
when some one
opened the door jingled and jangled as she came in and closed the door
behind her. "Washu!"
She shouted. Washu hovered out of the air in the indian sitting style.
"What?" Asked Washu.
She almost seemed in meditation, but holding a holo-grahm computer in front
of her and typing
furiously. "What’s a period?" Asked Ryoko. Washu shuffled in her pocket and
brought out a
small paper pamphlet and handed it to Ryoko. Ryoko thanked her and went out
the door.

        Later in her room, she sat on the bed and read at the pamphlet. It
gave an
awefully lot
of information for a small scrap of paper that was folded in halves, and
lots of vivid pictures.
"Leave it to Washu...." Mumbled Ryoko. After reading it and studying the
pictures, she then
looked confused. "If women have it, how come I don’t have it?" She asked
herself. She went
back to Washu’s lab. "How come I don’t have a period?" Asked Ryoko. Washu
smiled at her.
"Because....uhm...go watch TV with Mihoshi..."
"I’m not Mihoshi, you can’t just pacify me into submission!"
"There showing Pokemon late night feature!"
"Oh goody!" She ran out the door.

Preveiws of my next Tenchi fic:
Gensao's rival! A X-over of Ramna and Tenchi! Ryoko, Gensao, Ramna and I are
on an all out quest to find a cure for MY curse! What's my curse? Well, it
has something to do with me turning into a little blue mouse named A-Chan!
See ya in the funny papers!
copywrites for my story belong to me. Gensao's name belongs to ONLY GENSAO.
The name A-Chan is mine, the name Amber Stilton is mine, and so fourth.