Ryoko's Heart Chapter 7: Endless Training

				Ryoko slept deeply, dreaming about Tenchi once again.
She awoke to the sunlight shining throught the window. She
yawned and stretched and sat up. She rubbed her eyes still
waking up and got out of bed. She made her way to the door until
she realized something, Tenchi wasn't in bed.

"Tenchi? Tenchiiiiiiiiii.", she called not very loud. "Huh. Where did
he go?" She walked out into the hall and dowm to the kitchen. She
saw Sasami clearing the table after everyone had breakfast. 

"Good morning Ryoko. You slept through breakfast", Sasami said.

"Where's Tenchi Sasami."

"I don't know, I was just about to ask the same thing. He never came 
to breakfast I haven't seen him since last night. Mabye he went out to
work in the carrot fields."

"Mabye.", Ryoko reluctantly agreed. "I'll go check.", she said phasing
out and reappearing outside in the fields. But Tenchi was nowhere
to be found. She started to walk towards the shrine calling his name.

"Tenchiiiiiiiiiiii! Tenchiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! Damn, where are you?", she
called again as she heard a short loud yell coming from Tenchi and
his grandfather's training spot. She teleported to the bottom of the
10 foot cliff surrounded by trees where they would train. She hovered
to the top and slightly moved the brushes out of the way and looked in.
There stood Tenchi with no shirt on. He had bloody cuts and scars all
over his muscular body, he wore his black jeans that were honeycombed
with holes and tear. He had his casual shoes on, which were dirty. He had
blood running out of his nose and mouth and cuts. He panted loudly and
had an energy ax in each hand. A man in battle clothing ran up behind him
with his blue energy sword. Tenchi quickly spun around and chopped his 
head off with his right ax. The body and head vanished as four more charged
at Tenchi. One dove towards Tenchi about to attack. Tenchi swung his ax
and slashed through his stomach. He then spun around and cut the second
one's arm off like he knew he was there the whole time. The third came up
and thrusted his sword forward trying to stab Tenchi. Tenchi dodged to the
left, as the man stumbled Tenchi cut his head off from behind. Another
man came out and swung his energy sword. It cut about an 2 inches deep into
the left side of Tenchi's waist. Tenchi yelped as he held the wound with
his right hand and sliced the man in half with the ax in his left hand. Ryoko's
eyes widened, she wanted to stop this. Tenchi got back up trying to ignore
the pain, braced for another attack. Ryoko to the other side of the training
field and saw Washu's holographic computer that controlled the holographic
guys. She quickly teleported in front of it. 

*How the fuck do you work this damn thing?*, she thought to herself. She
looked back over to Tenchi who didn't even notice Ryoko. Tenchi still held
his side as another guy was dropping down from the air with his sword
up. Tenchi didn't realize the man was about to kill him. Ryoko panicked
and looked back at the computer. Training level was at 100. Not having
enough time to figure out how to turn it off, she jumped back and formed
an energy ball. The ball flew out of her hand and vaporized the computer.
Tenchi turned around at the last second when the man's sword was about
an inch from Tenchi's head. Then the man vanished. Ryoko ran over to Tenchi
who collapsed to his knees and his energy axes extinguished. He held his
side while blood oozed out from between his fingers. Ryoko got to Tenchi and
knelt down beside him putting her hand his shoulder and the other on his hand
which was holding his side.

"Tenchi, what the hell were you doing. We're not ready for level 100 yet,
you could of been killed."

"....Must.....train.....to....", Tenchi tried to speak.

"No, not like that Tenchi. You don't have to tourcher yourself just to train,
you have to rest too. Where you doing this since last night?", Ryoko asked.
Tenchi nodded. 

"Didn't you rest for a while?" Tenchi shook his head. 

"I-I-I....c-couldn't,....I", he stuttered.

"You mean you didn't stop to even just catch your breath, that's crazy Tenchi.
You need to rest now." Ryoko teleported into Tenchi's room with Tenchi. She
found a towel on the chair, she grabbed it and wrapped it around Tenchi's
waist, soaking up the blood. 

"Jesus Tenchi, you have to be more careful. Wait here I'll be right back", 
Ryoko teleported to the bathroom. She bent down and opened up the cabnit
underneath the sink and found a first aid kit. She teleported back to the room.
Tenchi still sat on the floor. She walked over to him and knelt down in front
of him opening the kit. She pulled out a bottle of hydragen proxide and a 
clean cloth. She took the cap of the bottle and poured some into the cloth.
She then gently rubbed the cloth on Tenchi's cuts on his face. Wiping up the
blood and cleaning the cuts. When she finished, she poured a little more
in the cloth and started rubbing it on his broad chest. 

"Damn, they really kicked your ass, didn't they?", she giggled.

"Ha ha ha Ryoko", he said sarcasticly and irritated. He finally caught his
breath and was able to speak, but his muscles were still in pain and could
barely move. She finished clean the wounds on his muscular body and 
opened up the first aid kit again. She pulled out another clean cloth and
poured more hydragen proxide on it. She slowly and carefully pressed it
against Tenchi's side where that last big cut was made. It stung as it
bubbled in Tenchi's cut. But since Tenchi's whole body was in pain, it took
his mind off of the stinging. Ryoko took the cloth off and poured more
proxide on it and pressed it back on Tenchi's side. 

"This wound will take a while to heal, and that'll slow down our training",
she said. Then she had an idea. "I'll be right back Tenchi." She teleported
into Washu's lab to get something. 

"Washuuuuuuuuu!", Ryoko called out.

"What! Who is it, I'm busy now!", she answered in the distance. Ryoko 
teleported over to Washu who was putting Kiyone's body in some giant
machine.

"What are you doing?", Ryoko asked.

"I'm freezing these two. If you're going to ask, I already put Mihoshi in
there. What do want?"

"Tenchi got a bad wound and I need something that can heal it fast."

"Yeah? Sure I got something. Why, what did you do?", Washu asked. 

"Nothing. He hurt himself in training, now give it to me."

"No way. You think I'm gonna let someone with a level of your knowledge
handle this?"

"If your trying to piss me off Washu, it's not gonna work. If you wanna
use it, fine. Just bring it up to Tenchi's room.", Ryoko said before phasing
out. She appeared in Tenchi's room. 

"Where were you?", he asked.

"To get Washu. She's on her way up."

"What is she gonna do?"

"Make sure our training doesn't slow down", Ryoko replied before Washu
knocked on the door. She walked in with a small black box that would
probably have a machine inside. 

"Damn Tenchi, those guys really kicked your ass, didn't they?", Washu giggled.

"Okay, enough with that. What is that?", Tenchi asked.

"This little thing will heal your wound." Washu knelt down beside Tenchi
and looked at his wound.

"That's a pretty deep cut. I'll bet it hurt like hell", Washu commented.

"You don't have to rub it in", Tenchi said. Washu put the box down and opened
it. She took out a metallic pen with a cord attatched to the top of it going
into the box. She pushed a little switch on the pen and the tip lit up red, just
like a laser pen, except this wasn't a laser, just a light.

"What's that going to do Washu?", Ryoko asked.

"First I got to let it warm up. This little red dot that lit up on the pen
gets to a temperature of 600 degrees, it can get hotter if I need it to."
Tenchi already had a good idea of what it was for. "Now, when I press this
on Tenchi's skin, it will melt over the wound and seal it. Tenchi, raise your
arms", Washu commanded. Tenchi did as he was told, he raised his arms in
the air and two holographic cuffs appeared on each arm, he could not move
his arms now.

"When I do this, you will try to get away or push it away. As much as you
think you won't, trust me, you will." Just then, holographic cuffs appeared
around his legs, then a holographic strap appeared around his upper body.

"You will move alot too, that's what these are for, because I need you to
be completely still.", Washu said. Tenchi looked up at the ceiling and got
ready for anything. Well, almost anything. Ryoko got up and sat down in
the chair. 

"Alright Tenchi, it's warmed up. Now brace yourself, because this is really
going to hurt." With that, Washu pushed the red dot of the pen to the edge
of his wound. Tenchi clenched his fists and screamed at the top of his
lungs. Ayeka and Sasami heard it from outside. Ryoko became worried. She
hated to see her love suffering like that. Ryoko felt guilty, she thought
that she should've gotten Washu to do this. Tenchi jerked, trying to move,
but he couldn't, he was still sreaming loud. He held in a few of them but they
just kept coming. Washu put her hand on Tenchi's hard stomach to keep her
other hand from slipping. She pushed down hard with the pen, slowly moving
it up and down across the wound, melting Tenchi's skin to seal it. Smoke
came up from it as she got about half way. Tenchi clenched his teeth, breathing
hard and growling to try to keep from screaming again, it work for a minute.
Ayeka and Sasami were outside running toward the house to see what all the
screaming was about. When they got there, they bolted through the doorway
and started running upstairs. But thanks to Ryoko's good hearing, she heard
there footsteps. She got up and teleported out in the hall right in front of the
girls. They slammed into Ryoko, knocking her on her butt as Ayeka and Sasami
stumbled to the floor. 

"Don't go in there, Washu is healing Tenchi's wounds and she doesn't want
anyone else in. You two wait out here", Ryoko said before teleporting back
into the room. She sat back down as Ayeka and Sasami put their ears up to
the door to listen. Washu was just about done. When she came to the end
of Tenchi's wound, she spiraled the pen a little bit to seal the end. When
she was done she turned off the pen and set it on the box. Tenchi panted
from all the screaming. 

"There, now that wasn't so bad, now as it?", Washu asked. Tenchi gave
her a furious look while he panted. Then the holographic straps dissapeared.
He was about to put his hands on the now melted wound.

"Don't Tenchi, your skin is still melted. Let it sit for a few minutes and
then pour some cold water on it, then it will be completely healed", Washu
said. She then put the pen back into the box and left the room. She met up
the Ayeka and Sasami in the hallway.

"Ms. Washu, what happened, is Lord Tenchi alright?", Ayeka asked.

"Yes, he's just fine Ayeka.", Washu replied.

"Can we go in and see him now?"

"I don't think right now is a good time, he needs to rest", Washu
 answered.

"Is Ryoko with him?"

"Ayeka, will you calm down. Yes she is, okay? Damn."

"What did you do to him, how did he get wounded?"

"Come downstairs and I'll tell you, damn your nosey."

	Meanwhile back in Tenchi's room, Ryoko knelt back down beside Tenchi.

"Are you okay Tenchi?", she asked.

"Uh yeah, I'm fine Ryoko."

"I couldn't imagine what that felt like."

"Believe me Ryoko, it hurt. It was worse than when the wound was made
outside." Ryoko leaned forward and rested her head on Tenchi's chest,
Tenchi wrapped his left around her.

"So I guess we can forget about training today.", Ryoko said.

"Yep, I guess so." Ryoko brought her head up and sat down in front of
Tenchi. 

"So do you think you'll be up to training tomorrow?", Ryoko asked.

"Yeah, probably. I don't think I'll be tired for that long." Tenchi looked
at the clock. "Well, I guess time's up. Could you hand me that glass of
water on the nightstand?" Ryoko looked over to the nightstand and got
up and grabbed it. She handed it to Tenchi and sat back down. Tenchi
cupped his left hand under where the wound was to catch some of the 
water. He slowly poured the water on his side. Just then, all the pain
in it dissapeared. He stopped pouring and looked. His skin was back to
normal, there was no scar, no nothing. It looked as if the wound never
existed. Ryoko leaned forward and touched the area, It felt just fine,
like it never had the wound, like the skin never melted.

"Well that seemed to work", Tenchi said. Just then, Noboyuki stormed
through the door and ran to Tenchi and wrapped his arms around him
tight. The glass of water in Tenchi's hand fell and splashed all over Ryoko.
Tenchi tried to talk but the pain in his muscles were too much as Noboyuki
squeezed Tenchi tight.

"Oh Tenchi! Oh Tenchi! The girls told me what happened, are you okay?!,
he yelled out. "Tenchi, I don't ever want you to fight like that again."
Noboyuki squeezed Tenchi harder, Tenchi was now struggling to breathe.
"Huh? What's the matter Tenchi.", Noboyuki asked when he noticed Tenchi
was getting warm and shaking. 

"A-A-AIR!", Tenchi managed to yell out. Noboyuki let go of Tenchi. He
started coughing and gasping for air. His muscles were now in pain.

"Ahem", Ryoko got Noboyuki's attention as he looked up at her. She was
standing with her hands on her hips and water all over her. 

"Number one, I don't know what the girls told you, but we didn't fight
anyone, we weren't even here. Number two, you just about killed Tenchi.
Number three, you got me wet.", she said angrily. Noboyuki turned red.
Then Katsuhito walked in, shaking his head in dissapointment at Noboyuki.

"Leave Tenchi alone now.", he said.

"Where were you two?", Tenchi asked after he caught his breath.

"Your father had to work overtime, I went with him to make sure he
stayed awake and stayed away from the women so he could get his
work done", Katsuhito explained. Noboyuki yawned.

"But what about Kiyone and Mihoshi?", Noboyuki asked.

"Didn't the girls tell you?", Ryoko asked.

"Yes they did but where are they?"

"They're in Washu's lab."

"Poor Kiyone and Mihoshi", he said walking to the door. "I'm going to
bed, poor poor Kiyone and Mihoshi." He left the room and Katsuhito
followed.

"Get some rest Tenchi", he called behind. Tenchi then tried to stand
up, Ryoko came over to help him. When he finally stood up, he moved
his arms up to stretch his muscle. An odor came from his armpits and
went up Ryoko's nose. She covered her nose and waved her hand to fan 
away the smell.

"Oh god damn Tenchi. If you're gonna keep your arms up then go take a
shower.", she said.

"I guess I need one, huh?"

"More like two."

"Alright, I'll be right back Ryoko"

"No you won't, you better stay in that shower for a while", she said
snickering. Tenchi phased out. Ryoko uncovered her nose and got a towel
off the chair. She then started wiping her hair with it trying to dry it 
from the water. Drying as much as she could, she threw the towel back
the chair and plopped down on the bed. Tenchi phased in a half an hour
later with a towel wrapped around his waist. He phased into his casual
clothes as the towel fell to the floor.

"I thought you were tired Tenchi."

"After the skin melting pen, and the tight hugging, I'm pretty awake
now."

Four weeks later:

		It was four weeks later, three weeks after they had a funeral for
Kiyone and Mihoshi. Noboyuki was still trying to get over it, he just
sat in his room crying like a little baby. Tenchi and Ryoko had been
training hard, they would go about six hours a day with five minute
rests in between. Tenchi and Ryoko were out battling at level 50.
They've developed alot of speed, accuracy, and strength. Tenchi stood
with an energy sword in his right hand and an energy ax in the left.
A guy came up to Tenchi about to swing his energy sword. When he did
Tenchi used nothing but speed and dodge to the side, he then stabbed
the guy in the back. Another ran up behind him. Tenchi turned to the
side and brought his foot up, kicking him in the mouth. Blood shot out
of the man's mouth as he fell back. Ryoko was also putting up a good
fight. She was flipping through the air shooting energy projectiles at
at the guys that came. Another ran in she shot an energy ball and hit him
in the chest, bringing the man to the ground, the ball exploded bringing
the warrior with it. When she came down to the ground, another warrior
swung and cut Ryoko's left arm. She went down to her knees, holding the
cut to try and stop the bleeding, the warrior brought his sword up for the 
kill. But before he could, his head was sliced clean off of his neck. The
body fell to the ground and there stood Tenchi behind it. He ran over to
Ryoko, he teared some of his sleeve off, wrapped it around Ryoko's cut
and tied it tight. Ryoko's ears perked up, she heard another one coming.
Tenchi already knew what the problem was, all of a sudden an idea just
popped into his head. It came from his dad making him watch tapes on the
wars that had happened, the Civil War, WWI, WWII, and Vietnam. He put
his hand up and concentrated, a few seconds later and energy ball appeared
hovering in his hand. He then reached his hand out towards the spot where
Ryoko heard another warrior coming. It then flew out of his hand at a rapid
speed, then stopped when it got twenty feet away from them. He concentrated
again, wincing hard to keep his concentration. The ball then flew down towards
the ground, it phased through the ground. Tenchi created another energy ball
and reached out again, this time he was waiting. Then the warrior ran out
from behind a boulder with his back towards Ryoko and Tenchi. Tenchi shot
the energy ball from his hand and hit a tree that was next to the warrior.
The warrior quickly spun around to see them. He then grinned an evil grin
and started running towards Ryoko and Tenchi with his energy sword up.
Tenchi's heart pounded, hoping his idea would work. Then it happened, as
the warrior ran, he stepped on the spot where Tenchi hid that energy ball.
A huge explosion instantly shot up from the ground. It went up about
thirty feet. When the explosion stopped and all the dust and smoke cleared,
there was nothing left but a big hole in the ground from where the explosion
occurred. 

"That was great", Ryoko said. "That's one more weapon we have now, we
could use that on Satsu." Then the timer on the holographic computer which
controlled the warriors expired. "That's all for today."

"Ryoko, we've been training for four weeks nonstop. Let's take a couple
days off."

"That's not a bad idea Tenchi. What should we do?", she asked. Tenchi sat
down beside her as some keys fell out of his pocket. The beach house. He
picked up the keys. 

"The beach house, I forgot all about it.", he said. He picked up the keys and
had a worried look on his face.

"What's the matter Tenchi?", she asked.

"Once that guy finds us, the overdue rent is gonna be a bitch. We rented
it for a week, remember?"

"Oh yeah. Well then have him send the bill to your dad.", she giggled.

"Actuallly that's not a bad idea. Nah, I might have enough." Tenchi put the
keys back in his pocket and stood up. "Should we go tomorrow or what?"

"Let'd go tonight Tenchi. There's supposed to be a full moon tonight, we
could go swimming in the ocean and watch it", she said standing up. She
walked over to Tenchi and wrapped her arms around his neck. Tenchi wrapped
his arms around her waist and pulled her close to him. They both stood their
gazing into each others eyes. "Just us", Ryoko said. Tenchi leaned forward,
Ryoko did the same. Just when the were about to kiss they heard Sasami.

"Tenchi, Ryoko. There you guys are, you missed dinner", the little princess
said.

"Sorry Sasami, we were uuuuhhh.....too wrapped up in our training", Ryoko
lied.

"Uh-huh, right. I know you two. The only thing you guys where wrapped in 
was each other."

"You just don't understand love yet Sasami."

"Yes I do."

"No, I mean real love. Not the kind you have with your mom or dad or
sister. I mean the kind between a man and a woman."

"Sasami, we're going back to the beach house for a couple of days.", Tenchi
said.

"But what if Satsu comes back Tenchi?", Sasami asked.

"Don't worry, we have a plan that'll keep you all safe."

"We do?", Ryoko asked.

"Yes we do. Come back to the house with us Sasami, and we'll show you."
Tenchi and Ryoko walked back to the house with Sasami to set a trap.
Tenchi put his hands together and moved them apart, an energy ball was
formed. It the hovered next to the house and slowly flew down and phased
through the ground. 

"Oooooooohhhhh", Ryoko said getting the picture.

"What?", Sasami asked.

"When we plant that energy ball into the ground, who ever steps on it will
cause it to explode, killing whoever stepped on it. All we have to do is plant
these everywhere around the house, and you got your own minefield.", Tenchi 
explained.

"No Tenchi", Sasami said with a frightened look on her face. "But what if
one of us steps on it?"

"Oh Sasami, don't worry. It will only detonate on those it sees as it's enemy."


"How will it do that Tenchi?", Ryoko asked.

"Just put all of your thoughts into the ball as it's being created. This means
the thoughts of all your enemys and all your friends.", Tenchi said. He put his
hands out in front of him and in a few seconds, another energy ball was
formed. It then slowly flew down and phased into the ground. 

"Go ahead Sasami, step on it.", Tenchi said. Sasami was now worried, she
didn't think his idea wouldn't work. She gulped down hard and slowly stuck
her foot out. It then stepped down on the spot where Tenchi hid the ball. She
let out a sigh of relief as she took her foot back.

"Okay Tenchi. You guys have fun, I gotta go inside and clean up", Sasami said
waving good-bye as she walked in the house. Ryoko figured she would figure
out how to do it, it was all with the use of the mind. Tenchi raised his hands
up over his head. He started to concentrate hard, focusing all of his thoughts
to his hands.

"Tenchi, what are you doing?", Ryoko asked. Tenchi did not respond, this was
an operation between him and his mind, and his ears had nothing to do with it.
She then tried telepathy.

*Tenchi, did you hear me?*, Tenchi heard Ryoko in his head. He still didn't
answer. A few seconds later, his hands began to spark. Just then, an energy
ball formed between his hands and flew up twenty and stopped in mid-air.
Another formed, and another. They kept shooting out of his hand at rapid
speed. He stopped when he had about 500 hovering in the air. 

"Ryoko, go spread energy mines in the fields and the other side of the house,
I'll take care of the shrine and this side of the house", Tenchi briefed Ryoko.
Ryoko nodded and flew off to the fields. Tenchi looked back up at the balls in
the sky. He winced hard concentrating again, the balls then began to flash.
When they stopped, they all flew off in different directions at flank speed.
Each one of them phasing into different spots of the ground. Now for the
shrine. Tenchi raised his handss back up over his head, his hands began to
spark again. A few seconds later, energy balls started shooting out from his
hands again. When about 500 more where hovering in the air, he started to
fly up high enough to see the whole shrine. He stuck his hands out in front
of him and began focusing his thoughts on the energy balls in front of him.
The balls flashed a few times and rapidly began to make their way towards
the shrine. When they got there, the balls flew down in different directions,
phasing into the ground that surrounded the shrine. 

*Tenchi, I planted them all in the ground*, Tenchi heard Ryoko's voice
telepathically.

*Go to the beach house Ryoko, I'll be there in a second.*

*Don't keep me waiting, or I'll come lookin' for ya Tenchi.*

Tenchi flew towards the front of the house to finish the job. He formed 500
more energy balls and scattered them in the land in front of the house.
The house could now be considered..........mined? Anyhoo, Tenchi confermed
that he didn't miss a spot and teleported to the beach house. 

"Ryoko", he called from the living room. There was silence. "Ryoko."
Still no answer. Suddunly he got an image in his head that something
terrible happened to Ryoko on her way here. What if.......

"Satsu", he said to himself. He quickly ran up the stairs. When he reached
the top he went down the hallway to the master bedroom. There lied Ryoko
on the bed wearing nothing but a very loosly tied kimono. Tenchi sighed in 
relief.

"Where have you been Tenchi, you kept me waiting too long", she wined.

"Ryoko, I was only gone for two minutes." Tenchi walked over and sat down
on the bed. Ryoko sat up and threw her arms around Tenchi's neck.

"Two minutes is too long, you know I hate waiting."

"Okay, I'm sorry Ryoko. I'll be faster next time."

"You better be. Because next time, I will come find you." Ryoko lied back
down on the bed, Tenchi came down on top of her. Then they went into a
deep passionate kiss. Their tounges explored and caressed each others
mouths. Just then the phone began to ring downstairs. They broke the kiss
and sighed in dissapointment. 

"Who the hell is that calling?", Tenchi asked."I'll be right ba...........oh."
Ryoko grabbed Tenchi by the collar and pulled him back down to her.
She then wrapped her legs around him and squeezed them tight so he
could not get away.

"You're not going anywhere Tenchi, not tonight", she said. She then stuck
out her hand at the door, using her mind and powers, the door slammed shut
and locked. They went back into their kiss. Ryoko still squeezing her legs
tight together and her arms around his neck. She never wanted this to end.
She was now horny as hell. She broke the kiss and sat up with Tenchi, she
began to unbutton Tenchi's shirt. When she finally got the last button undone,
she threw his shirt off, she forced Tenchi down on his back, she was now
on top of him. She began to rub and caress Tenchi's muscular chest. She leaned
down and started planting soft tender kisses on his chest. She already
started to make body motions that simulated she was riding him, she wanted
him desparatly now. She stopped kissing him and slowly stood up. The
kimono was barely tied, it sagged halfway off of her body. Her breasts showed
very easily, the only thing that didn't show was her nipples. She reached
behind her back and untied the sash. She just stood there and let it slide off
of her body. Tenchi gazed upon her naked body. Ryoko curled her index finger 
at him. Tenchi sat up and stood up in front of Ryoko. Ryoko then walked to 
the bed and lied down on her back, propping herself up on her elbows. Looking
at Tenchi, she opened her legs up. Tenchi walked over and knelt down in front 
of her, looking in at her cunt. Tenchi placed his hands on her legs and moved
forward. Ryoko lied down flat on her back, ready to feel Tenchi. Tenchi then
stuck out his tounge and placed it in Ryoko's clit. She moaned to the sensation
of oral. Tenchi stuck his tounge in a little further. He began wipping her clit
with his tounge and twisting it back and forth like a cyclone. Ryoko screamed
and arched her back in pleasure. She layed there moaning as Tenchi continued.
Ryoko's love juices flowed, and Tenchi was lapping up every drop. To him, Ryoko
tasted like honey. 

"Oh Tenchi, that was great. We really gotta do this more often."

"How often?"

"Nevermind that now Tenchi. Please, keep going.", Ryoko said as she closed her
eyes. Tenchi did as he was told and leaned forward again. He stuck his tounge
back into her clit and did the same thing he was doing earlier. Ryoko arched
her back again and moaned loudly. Tenchi got up and sat down on the bed. Ryoko 
stood over him with her hands on her waist. She bent down and and unzipped 
Tenchi's pants. She slowly started removing his pants, when she got them off, 
Ryoko could
see the big bulge in his boxers, urging to be freed. She ripped off his
boxers and got up. She slowly came over Tenchi and sat on his lap. She
then threw her arms around his neck and leaned closer to him.

"Oh Tenchi, what would our lives be like if we never met?"

"Pretty damn dull."

"Yeah, I've always dreamed of being with you Tenchi. Sometimes I wonder,
what if I lost and Ayeka won your heart?"

"Ayeka could never win my heart Ryoko. You could of lost, I could of married
Ayeka, I could of started a family with Ayeka, but you know what? I thought
about what it would be like if I chose Ayeka, and I knew that I wouldn't be
happy with her, But it would be too late because I would of already had kids
with her, and I wouldn't have the heart to leave them, but I still wouldn't
be happy. And I'm thankful that I didn't choose her, because I truly love you.
I have no idea why I couldn't see that from the beginning, but I see it now."

"I love you too Tenchi, my Tenchi."

"My Ryoko." Ryoko then gave Tenchi a quick kiss and lifted herself up and
lowered herself onto Tenchi's hard member. She squealed in plessure as she
forced herself down. She then slowly started to move up and down on Tenchi's
cock. Ryoko locked her legs around Tenchi as she rode him, bouncing up and
down on his lap. She began to pick up the pace. Tenchi put his hands on her 
waist and aided her. Their panting grew loud and sweat covered their bodys.
Ryoko was almost to reaching her climax. She arched her back and closed her
eyes as she bounced faster and harder. Her moaning grew loud. She now didn't
ever want to stop, her climax was near, Tenchi's was too. Ryoko leaned forward
and rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder with her arms around his neck, not
stopping her riding. After several minutes, she started to slow, tired from
all the bouncing. She then finally stopped and still rested her head on Tenchi's
shoulder. She panted loudly. She then got up off of Tenchi's cock and laid down
on her back on the bed. She had not had her orgasm yet and she was not satisfied
yet. She propped herself up on her elbows and looked at Tenchi, She then spread
her legs open, welcoming Tenchi. Tenchi came down on top off Ryoko, he was
now nestled between her legs. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled
him down close to her. Tenchi just stared, gazing through her two golden windows
into her heart warming soul. Ryoko gazed back at Tenchi, Her heart overflowing
with the essence of love. She brought her head up and gave Tenchi a kiss. Tenchi
returned the kiss and slowly slid into his love. Ryoko squealed again and her
legs locked around Tenchi. Tenchi then started to slowly move in and out of her
love tunnel. Her hard nipples brushed against Tenchi's. He slowly started to
pick up the pace. Their panting became loud as sweat still covered their bodys.
Tenchi was now going at a rapid speed, Ryoko's breasts swaying back and forth
with ever thrust.

"Oh god, oh shit. Oh Tenchi, harder, don't stop", she screamed as Tenchi did as
he was told. Her climax was coming back. Tenchi then thrusted harder and deeper
than ever. Ryoko screamed as she tightly grabbed Tenchi's hair. That was all it 
took,
Ryoko's climax came, love juices flowed from her like a river. Now Tenchi's was
just beginning, he still thrusted harder and faster. His orgasm came, he 
ejaculated
deep into Ryoko, wave after wave of semen went into her. Tenchi then slowed and
finally came to a stop. Both were panting hard, their hot breath blowing into 
each
others faces. With one last gaze at each other, Tenchi gave Ryoko a passionate 
kiss
and rolled off of her. Both were exausted, it didn't take long for them to fall
asleep.

To be continued....

Author's Notes: Any questions or comments, e-mail me at 
brandonblair@hotmail.com.
Aight? Chapter 8, comin
