Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Their names and locations are
property of Pioneer and other companies. So please don’t sue me! If you do,
well… WWWAAAHHH! I just can’t think about it…
This is my very first Fan Fic! I hope you enjoy it!
My story is called “Ryoko’s Idea”
--- What if Ryoko tried to have sex with Tenchi…in his sleep!
Ryoko’s Idea
Bye Android1821 xanthun@hotmail.com
It was another day at the Masaki Shrine in Okayama. Tenchi had just gotten
up, used the bathroom, gotten dressed and gone downstairs. During the
delicious breakfast of Miso Soup made by the master chef, Sasami, Tenchi
noticed that Ryoko was looking at him strangely.
During Tenchi’s chores out in the carrot fields, Tenchi noticed a Ryoko
watching him from a rock. He was used to this, but today there was something
strange about her look. It was almost as if she was… if she was planning
something… Tenchi noticed the same thing throughout the rest of the day.
That night, when Tenchi entered his room to go to bed, he found Ryoko poking
around. “Ryoko, what are you doing in my room?” asked Tenchi, a little
annoyed. “Oh… Tenchi… I…” said Ryoko. “Oh never mind,” said Tenchi. “Just
get out of my room so I can get to bed!” Ryoko hesitated for a second, then
with a little more urges from Tenchi, she reluctantly left.
Later that night, while everyone was asleep, Ryoko snuck out her room. She
went down the hall passed Ayeka’s room and heard her talking in her sleep.
“Ooh… Tenchi. I’m so glad we are finally getting married….” She muttered.
“Feh! In her dreams!” Ryoko said ironically. She continued on down the hall,
but not until she put Ayeka’s hand in some hot water.
When Ryoko got to Tenchi’s room, she silently went through the door,
(literally,) and flew over to Tenchi’s Bed. She slowly put her hand under
his blanket. “Damn! Not the right conditions!” she said a little loudly so
Tenchi woke up. When asked what she was doing in Tenchi’s room again, she
had to come up with a lame excuse. “Oh Tenchi! You were tossing and turning
and making weird sounds! I was worried about you!” Then she was shooed out
of his room.
The next morning, Tenchi could tell that Ryoko was trying not to make eye
contact with Tenchi. “I wonder what she is up too…” thought Tenchi to
himself. It turned out that Ayeka had pissed her bed last night and Ryoko,
her bad mood totally gone, found something new to add to her ever growing
list of things to tease Ayeka about. With Ryoko following Ayeka around for
the rest of the day, Tenchi was pretty much left alone. Until that night.
Since Mihoshi and Kiyone had volunteered to do Tenchi’s chores for him that
day, Tenchi wasn’t very tired that night. But because of the sake that he
drank secretly that night he fell right asleep.
Again, when everyone was asleep, Ryoko snuck into Tenchi’s room. She put her
hand under Tenchi’s blanket. “Yes!” she thought to herself. Last night,
Tenchi had had boxers on while he was sleeping. But since he had fallen
asleep drunk that night, he forgot to put his sleeping clothes on. Ryoko
grabbed Tenchi’s cock and started playing with it to get it hard enough.
When it was, she wrapped her hand around it and started to stroke it. That
night, Tenchi had dreams full of pleasure. He woke up with a sticky cock.
The next day at breakfast, Mihoshi spilled a bottle of Sake all over the
table. Because no one had gotten a good sleep last night because of some
weird moans coming from Tenchi’s room, no one bothered to clean it up. They
just picked up their breakfast and went outside to the deck to eat.
When they were all settled outside, Ryoko went over to Tenchi. She hung on
his shoulders and said, “C’mon Tenchi! Let’s go sit in our own private tree
and eat!” she said. “Fat chance you monster!” Said Ayeka. “Tenchi has
promised to sit with me in our own private tree!” “You can go sit with a
baboon Miss Priss!” said Ryoko. “What did you call me?” said Ayeka. “It’s
what I always call you Princess Prissy Pants!” replied Ryoko. Then the whole
deck exploded with fireballs and energy blasts. “Oh well.” Said Tenchi. “At
least we don’t have to rebuild the inside of the house again!”
That night, Ryoko decided to take it to the next level. She snuck into
Tenchi’s room and slowly pulled the blanket up off his lower half. She
slowly started to suck and lick Tenchi’s Cock as it got harder. Again
strange sounds came from Tenchi’s room.
The next day, Tenchi couldn’t help feeling like he had had a strange dream
that Ryoko had performed oral sex on him last night. When he shared this to
the family at breakfast, Ryoko blushed and went through the wall. She called
Ryo-Ohki and they went to a Kareoke Bar. Ryo-Ohki got a plate of carrots
dozed in sake. Ryoko was having a drinking contest with a gruff old man.
Ryo-Ohki, who had gotten drunk from the carrots, got up on stage and started
meowing into the microphone. “Meow…Meow…” she sang in a drunken manner.
On their way home, the two girls ran into Sakuya. “Oh hi Ryoko!” said
Sakuya. “Yah sure whatever.” Ryoko replied gruffly. “Oh and hello Ryo-Ohki!”
said Sakuya. At that moment, Ryo-Ohki turned rabid and attacked Sakuya. Then
Ryoko stuffed Sakuya in a trashcan and went on there way.
They got home around 8 PM and were scolded by Sasami for missing dinner.
Ryoko wasn’t quite so sober she went to bed to plan tonight’s trip to
Tenchi’s room. Later that night at around 2:30 AM, Ryoko silently went to
Tenchi’s room. She lifted the blanket off his lower half again, and took her
own pants off. She very carefully floated on top of Tenchi and stuck his
cock that was already hard from a nice dream he was having. Ryoko slowly
lowered herself upon, sliding his cock into her pussy. It was at that moment
that Tenchi woke up. “Huh? What are you doing..? Ryoko?” Tenchi didn’t have
to look twice to see what she was doing. He smiled his little half smile and
said “Ryoko! What are you doing?”
“Oh Tenchi! I just couldn’t hold back any longer! I had to have sex with
you! I just had to!” cried Ryoko. “Oh Ryoko! All you had to do was ask! I
would have done it with you anyways! You didn’t have to do it while I was
sleeping!” Tenchi paused for a second and thought about how weird that had
sounded. “Oh Tenchi! Give it to me then!”
Tenchi laid Ryoko down and started unbuttoning her dress. When it was off,
he lowered his hand down and stuck two fingers up her moist pussy. He
started to move them around and Ryoko let out a slight moan and a sigh.
Tenchi withdrew his fingers and lowered his head down between her legs. He
stuck his tongue up her pussy and started to move it around. Ryoko moaned so
loudly, that it could have awakened the whole house. But it didn’t because
of the special soundproof mechanisms that Washu had installed in the rooms
because she suspected what might be the cause of those sounds.
Ryoko tried to make all the pleasure last a lifetime. But she just couldn’t
hold back any longer. She orgasmed and cumed in Tenchi’s mouth. Ryoko let
Tenchi insert his cock into her pussy and start thrusting. Faster and faster
he went. Both of them moaning and groaning and screaming in pleasure! Ryoko
felt the blast of Tenchi’s cum as it hit the walls of her pussy with such
force, it almost hurt.
They laid there for a while, Tenchi’s cock slowly going limp inside Ryoko.
“Well! Was that everything you hoped for?” asked Tenchi after a while. “Oh
yes! And then some!” panted Ryoko, still a little flushed from the pleasure
that she had longed for ever since she met Tenchi. “Well then! Now lets get
to bed then!” Tenchi got off Ryoko and let her get up. She walked, limping
back into her room.
The End!