Tenchi Muyo 
Ryoko & Tenchi

Disclaimer: To the lawyers of AIC & Pioneer, please don't sue me
I'm not making money off of this and if you sue me you won't get 
Any money cause I'm flat broke, and you would be wasting your 
Time trying to get a case so please pass this on to the geniuses that
Created Tenchi Muyo.
So please enjoy my fanfic 

This Story Takes Place During Episode 24 No Need For Ryoko, except I've changed the timeline

Ryoko & Tenchi No Need for an Operation Chapter 1- Ryoko walks into Washuu's lab limping.  Washuu says, " Hi Ryoko what are you doing here", Ryoko, "ahh". Then Washuu hears a thump and she turns around and Ryoko's gone then she looks down and sees Ryoko on the floor in front of her. She quickly turns to the console and enters in a few commands telling the computer to pick up Ryoko and lay her on the bed.  It takes a couple minutes to comply so she kicks the console.  Then Washuu calls Kiyone up at the bridge to make an announcement, Kiyone on Mic. "Attention everyone Ryoko has been seriously injured Washuu asks everyone to go to her lab immediately".  When Tenchi hears this he is urinating and thinks Washuu is helping Ryoko to play a trick on him so he looks around and he thinks he hears Ryoko, which cause him to clean up the bathroom floor as well as his pair of pants.  But even though his pants are wet he runs out of the bathroom and leaps off the stairs directly in front of Washuu lab he sees everybody gathering around Ryoko while Washuu's performing surgery.  Washuu," Stand back a little", Nobuyuki, "Well Tenchi you've finally arrived".  He sees that everyone wearing a mask … he faints. When he faints Sasami leans over him to see if he's okay, "Tenchi are you okay".  Washuu, " Maybe you and Sasami go outside to take care of Tenchi Mihoshi", Mihoshi "okay", Sasami, "lets go outside now" Mihoshi, " Alright I'll get the legs and you get the arms". … one hour later "We should be done now".  "Ryoko should rest for a couple hours now", Katsuhito, "What about Tenchi", 

Washuu, "Him, too"… Washuu, "Now its about time for both of them", Washuu wakes Ryoko up, "Ryoko I guess you can wake Tenchi up" "Here have a smelling salt", she uses it on Tenchi. Tenchi, "huh… what where am I", "hey Tenchi wakie wakie", "huh, what, ahh", Tenchi falls off the bed. And stands up.  Washuu, "Tenchi you fainted", "What I did", "It was because of the gas leak", Mihoshi, "Or maybe you're just afraid of blood", Ryoko going up and sitting on the part of the bed next to him, "That's ridiculous… isn't it Tenchi" "Uh well uh yeah of course I'm not afraid of blood". Nobuyuki, "Well it's late I'm going to bed", Washuu, "Me too", Sasami, "well I guess I'm tired, too". Ryoko, " I'll guess I'll sleep with Tenchi tonight because we've both go to rest, and why don't we sleep together?", Tenchi, "uh maybe uh maybe maybe uh some other time", Ryoko, 
" Well Tenchi please it'll make me fell better", Tenchi, " If it'll make you feel better", Ryoko whispering to herself, "yes". 

	The next morning he finds Ryoko on top of him he thinks he might hurt her if she slides off when he gets up or it may wake her up so he decides to stay like this … then he falls asleep waiting for her.  When Ryoko wakes up she sees Tenchi asleep and then she decides too cook for them two so she decide to make the only she can make hot noodles and some sake for them to eat when she's right about done Tenchi wakes up and sees her cooking. He gets up and decides to help, she sees him about to get the bowls, she says, "Let me … if we're gonna get married I should learn how to cook go sit down", Tenchi, " Married? What are you talking about and what's for breakfast?", Ryoko, " hot noodles and sake … oh yeah not marriage a trip", Tenchi, "What a trip, we have to rescue Aeka … So what's this about a trip", Ryoko, "It's a surprise and that other woman isn't coming it's just gonna be you and me on Ryo-Ohki", Tenchi, "What, we can't go, you know that", "OK, well here's the meal", she threw it down in the space in front of him. Then they ate their food. 

	After them everyone else woke up a couple hours later even Kiyone was sleeping in the chair in the bridge. Well she should be sleeping without four days of sleep. Then first Sasami, Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, Washuu, And then Mihoshi woke up then they all started their day Ryoko and Sasami took a bath and the Masaki men all took a bath except Katsuhito. Then Kiyone who was still asleep moved her foot and hit the stick to turn a steep left and then from both of the baths all of the water spilled out while they were in it.  The Kiyone moved her leg and hit the autopilot. Then all the water spilled out and then all the electronics failed and Washuu had to repair all of it!!!, and then the mission would be delayed for weeks.  

	Everyone at Washuu's door, "Washuu will you help us fix this", Washuu, "I'm a scientist not a mechanic"
, "I guess the greatest scientist in the universe can't fix it, I guess know one can", A puppet, "You are the greatest genius in the universe in the world", B puppet
, "Yeah you are the greatest in the universe Washuu", Washuu standing with her hands her on her hip says superiorly, "Ok, I'll do it, But I think Tenchi's gonna have to go first in Ryoko's ship.

	Tenchi and Ryoko are in the docking bay with the two nights. Ryoko pushes them away and pulls Tenchi into her ship and takes off in Ryo-Ohki. The Knights hurry up towards the bridge and bumps into Nobuyuki and says quickly, "Ryoko has taken Tenchi away in her ship". Well now on Ryo-Ohki Tenchi says, "What are you doing Ryoko, take me back to the ship", Ryoko says, " NO, I know we're meant for each other", Tenchi says, " What are you talking about, Ryoko, bring me back this instant", Ryoko says, "No, just take your time too look, I know we're meant for each other", Tenchi slaps her then says, "Just think Ryoko are you insane, think about everyone else and what about Aeka", Ryoko says " Tenchi forget about her, I uh I uh I love you Tenchi", Tenchi looking very surprised, "You can't Ryoko", Ryoko says, "Why do you think I brought you here, why are we here?, why? Because I love you Tenchi can't you feel the same way". He turns away madly then turns around and kisses her on the lips. Ryoko says, "Why did you kiss me", "I don't know, I think- I think- I think- I love you too, that's why", Ryoko kisses him again and spends the rest of the night adrift, She made the first move by pushing him into bed then starting to suck his cock gently. Then he started to cum, with semen starting to flow into her mouth she began to swallow. After sucking for about an  hour they were exhausted. Then Tenchi fell asleep in Ryoko's arms. Ryoko stroking his hair softly stayed awake thinking about Tenchi. Then she was worn out and fell asleep next to him.  

	Meanwhile on the Yugami, Washuu is slowly repairing the electronics, the rest of the group is discussing what they should do, Older knight, " We have to save Princesses Aeka first, Tenchi and Ryoko will be fine", Everyone else says dimly, "I guess you're right". So they are traveling towards the planet Jurai, then Kiyone wakes up and looks at the console and says, "I've been asleep for that long, attention everyone we're about to arrive at Jurai, please get ready to battle Kagoto". Twenty minutes later Kiyone announces a message that they're are there at Jurai so they see Nagi diverting the main fleet and they fly by them, then they come to the automated gun pods they don't what to do and goes a head a crashes into one that causes a chain reaction, they reach the inner atmosphere and see the spike missiles they try to dodge them but the left engine had serious damage then they see Funaho and Kiyone says they have to crash land by the tree. So they land and then the knights get out and then run towards the throne ready to fight. They slay Kagoto without a problem. Then after battle Aeka asks, the knights reply, "why isn't Tenchi here Ryoko kidnapped Tenchi and went away", "Aeka we've got to search for Tenchi".

Preview of the Next Chapter No Need for a Search- "What were the last known coordinates of Ryo - Ohki" said Aeka. "Two one five seven three Epsilon" said Sanjioto-nii "Head there full speed" said Aeka. "When I find you I will destroy you for taking Tenchi from me!" Aeka thought. Then Ryo-Ohki came into full view flying adrift into space with the lights outside dim Aeka gasped "Tenchiiiii" and then ordered to lock onto Ryo-Ohki with a tractor beam. Then instantly----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Well my comments to this fic are pretty simple I think I done ok but I'm not sure 
If you have any comments, death threats (taken seriously) or anything else e-mail me at dman_the_original@yahoo.com 

© Darius Chan 1998
