Ryoko's Heart Chapter 2: Tenchi's feelings


As Tenchi sat down for breakfast he still had a concerned
look on his face. "What's wrong Tenchi?", asked Sasami
as she started on her meal. "I'm concerned about Ryoko,
she's been acting weird lately. Yesterday she didn't say a 
word to me, much less not even look at me. When I woke
up this morning, she was sitting in my chair sleeping",
Tenchi stated.

"Really?", asked Sasami. "She has been acting weird
lately, she barely ate and didn't say a word to any of
us either, I wonder what's bugging her?", asked Sasami.

"Mabye she's.........",Ayeka was cut short.

"Ayeka!", Sasami and Tenchi scolded simultaneously.

"Nevermind", Ayeka said shamed.

"I think I should go bring her breakfast", Tenchi said.

"Good idea", Sasami agreed. "I'll go make a tray for you
to bring up", with that she walked into the kitchen to fix
a tray. When she came back she had a tray with pancakes,
muffins, chopped fruit, and a glass of O.J. "Here you go
Tenchi", Sasami handed the tray to Tenchi. "Thank you 
Sasami", Tenchi bowed head and ascended the stairs.

		Meanwhile in Tenchi's room Ryoko tossed and turned,
she finally awoke and examined her surrondings, she
already knew how she got in Tenchi's room but she didn't
know how she got in his bed. "What? How did I get in Tenchi's
bed", she asked herself. "I wonder if I.....? Did I do something
to him?", she more and more frusterated when she couldn't
figure it out. She was about to sit up when she heard Tenchi's
voice.

"You know, that chair isn't exactly for sleeping in Ryoko", Tenchi
said as he entered the room with the tray in his hands.

"H-H-How did I get in your bed Tenchi?", Ryoko stuttered nervously.

"I....uh....I put you in my bed", Tenchi confessed. "What were you
doing sleeping in that chair Ryoko?", he asked as he set the tray
down on his nightstand and down next to Ryoko.

"I came in to watch you sleep Tenchi, I couldn't sleep, but every
time I merley look at you it relaxes me. It reminds me of the
first time I even saw you, the time I first saw you in the cave
my heart sank. I never knew if I was ever going to get out of that 
cave, and even if I did I never knew i'd be rescued by someone like
you Tenchi. Those 700 years of being in that cave, it was cold,
it was dark, and it was lonely, not a soul to talk to, I always
thought about what the end of my life would be like, either
die off alone in that freezing dark cave, or if someone came
to rescue me and just enslave and torture me just like 
Kagato did. But those thoughts were in vain, those thoughts
were wrong in a right way. Instead of those thoughts, a
kind warm-hearted gentleman comes to my rescue. I cried for hours
after you rescued me and ran off. I cried because I was scared,
I was scared of the thought of never being released, but I was,
the thoughts just scared me after you released me, if it wasn't
for you Tenchi, I would still be in that cave, I wouldn't be sitting
here opening my true feelings to you Tenchi", as she finished her
story her voice got weak and shakey, then a tear flowed down
her cheak. 

		Tenchi reached out and wiped the tear from Ryoko's face.
Then Ryoko felt Tenchi take her hand, Ryoko then reached out
and grabbed Tenchi and hugged him tight. Tenchi returned the
embrace as Ryoko sobbed uncontrollably on Tenchi's shoulder.
"It's okay Ryoko. I'm here for you now.", Tenchi tried to comfort
Ryoko.

Later that day when it was time for dinner, Sasami sent Tenchi 
and Ryoko to tell everyone. When everyone sat down at the table
Tenchi helped Sasami bring out all the food. When they sat down
everybody dug in. Ryoko just sat there fidgeting with her food and
chop sticks and had dim look on her face. Tenchi noticed this and
just looked at her concerned. When Ayeka saw this she spoke up.

"Lord Tenchi, may I speak with you in private?", she asked.

"Uh, sure Ayeka", Tenchi said.

Ryoko didn't pay any attention to them when they walked into
the kitchen, she heard Ayeka ask Tenchi to talk to her privately,
but she didn't care right now. Noticing how quiet it was Washu
spoke up. "So, anyone care to loan me their blood?"

			Meanwhile in kitchen Ayeka and Tenchi entered. "Lord Tenchi,
what has Ryoko done to you this time", she asked.

"What do you mean what has she done to me? What do
you mean by 'this time'? Ryoko just isn't feeling to good right
now", Tenchi stated.

"Is it anything serious?", she asked.

"No it's just......", Tenchi was cut short.

"Then why are you so concerned if it's nothing serious", she 
asked.

"Ayeka...."

"What is it?"

"I was about to say no she's not sick.......", Tenchi was cut short
again.

"By her personality, i'd say she is very sick", Ayeka joked.

"Ayeka, she's not sick, she's just not feeling good right now",
Tenchi explained.

"Well then why did she sleep in your room?", she asked.	

"Why are you all of a sudden getting so nosey Ayeka?", Tenchi
asked in anoyance.

"I'm sorry lord Tenchi, i'm just curious that's all."

"It's okay Ayeka, let's go eat", Tenchi said as Ayeka nodded
her head in agreement. They both exited the kitchen and
sat down at the table. Ryoko just sat there looking down at 
her plate still fidgeting with her food with her chop sticks.
Now even Ayeka grew concerned. "What's wrong Ryoko?",
Sasami asked. "Ryoko. Ryoko. Ryoko."

"Huh, what, what is it, what did I do?", Ryoko asked while
everyone just stared at her.

"Ryoko, how come your not eating? Are you sick or something?",
asked Sasami.

"Uh, no, no. I'm just not that hungry tonight", Ryoko sighed
still looking down at her plate.

"Hey, you all remember next weekend is the annual fair?",
Katsuhito reminded as he sipped his tea.

"Oh yeah, I completely forgot. It'll be fun, there's all sorts
of stuff to do, lot's of great food, fun games, and at 11:00
at night there will be a dance to 2:00 at night", Tenchi
explained. "

"Really? Sounds great, doesn't it Ayeka?", Sasami asked her
older sister.

"Yes it does", Ayeka agreed. "I for one will be attending."

"Count me in", Washu exclaimed in excitement. Everyone
else reluctantly agreed.

"How 'bout you Ryoko?", asked Washu.

"Ryoko. Ryoko. RYOKO!", Washu yelled.

"What?! Uh....yeah yeah, uh..whatever.", Ryoko said having no idea to
what they just said.

"Ryoko, come to my lab after dinner", Washu commanded.

"Why, I don't need anything", Ryoko protested.

"Just do it Ryoko!", Washu scolded. "Jeez, you can't even follow a simple
task, can you?

"Sorry MOM!!!!", Ryoko yelled in that smart-ass tone.
"Oh god, now those two are going at it", Tenchi thought to himself.
Dinner was the same as always, it came and went. After Dinner
Ayeka went up to her room, Nobuyuki went to his room, 
Katsuhito went back to the shrine, Tenchi helped Sasami clean
up, and Washu went back to her lab. Ryoko walked up to the
door of the lab and walked in. She saw Washu in the distance
sitting on her little floating chair typing on her holographic
computer. Ryoko then teleported right behind the little
genius and spoke up.

"Alright Washu, this better be good. What's this all about?",
asked Ryoko.

"What's wrong with you Ryoko, you've been acting weird lately.
You've barely said a word to anyone, you haven't been eating,
and your just always in a pissy mood. What's the story?",
Washu asked.

"Why do you care?", Ryoko asked annoyed.

"I'm just concerned that's all. Can't I be concerned about my
own daughter?", she asked with a big smile on her face.

"Genetically and scientifically i'm your daughter, not your
natural daughter!!", Ryoko scolded.

"Whatever", Washu said. "Anyway i'm working on something,
I need your blood Ryoko.

"Ooooooohhh no you don't, your not getting my blood"

"Too late Ryoko", Washu held up a metal capsule with an
antenna on top and a red substance inside, it was
obviousley Ryoko's blood.

"How the hell did you do that", Ryoko asked confused.

"Just point the antenna at at the victim...I mean person
you want the blood from and press this little red button",
she explained showing it to her.

"Whatever, i'm leaving now, I got better stuff to do than
this", said Ryoko. Then Ryoko phased out, Washu just
rolled her eyes and sat down and started typing again.

Meanwhile after Tenchi finished helping Sasami cleaning up,
Sasami went to her room and Tenchi decided to take a bath.
When he was done he went up to his room and changed into
a shirt, boxers, and socks to go to bed. He flopped down on the
bed and relaxed. Just when he was about to go to sleep he felt
something moving next to him, he stuck out his hand to see
what it was. It was big, round, soft, and had something hard and
small on top. When Tenchi's eyes adjusted enough in the darkness,
he saw Ryoko lying there sound asleep. Blood gushed out of his
nose when he saw that his hand was grabbing Ryoko's left breast.
Ryoko moaned in plessure as she slept, Tenchi quickly let go of
her breast and jumped out of the bed. He found a little paper bag
and started breathing in and out in it. He just turned crimson
red while hyperventilating. When he finally regained his senses
he looked over to Ryoko, she was still sleeping but looked alot
more comfortable than before. When he had enough will power
he crawled back in bed. She was laying on her side facing him,
he just settled next to her as she started to whisper his name.
He stuck his hand out and stroked her cheek. "I'm here now
Ryoko", he said as he leaned forward and kissed her tenderly
on the forehead. Then after a while of listening to Ryoko
chant his name he finally dozed of into sleep.

To be continued....


Authors notes: See, I told you didn't have to wait that long,
you won't have to wait that long for chapter 3 either.
Any questions or comments e-mail me at brandonblair@hotmail.com
Get it? Got it? Good. PEACE-OUT!!!!
