Hey all, Its been awhile since I put anything up. I
hope you like the continuance of my story!

I do not own these characters. Sailor Moon was created
my Naoko Takeuchi. Copyrights to Toei anamation, Dic,
Cloverway, Pioneer, and Kodansha Publishing.
Tenchi Muyo was created by Hitoshi Okuda. Copyrights
to AIC, Pioneer LDC, Kadokawa Shoten Publishers, and
Viz

I started this story as a lemon. I had intended to
create a story that was a romance. Some chapters will
have sexual themes that may be unsuitable for
children, some chapters will not. Please be advised
that if you are under the age of 18 you will be asked
to leave to a more suitable section of TMFFA.

Ryoko's Waking Dream Part 3

By Gabriella

Ryoko growled, and stubbornly knuckeled the tears away
from her eyes. How dare she RYOKO, the feared space
pirate, CRY!
Looking sternly out her window at the beautiful day
she wondered again if anything would come of her love
for Tenchi. Ryoko looked up at the cloudless day, the
cheery sun beamed at her.  (Damn) she thought, (if I'm
pissed then the rest of the world should be too!)
However, no matter what her mood she couldn't just
shoot the sun could she? Hmmmm? Something better,
Ryoko'e eyes traveled back toward the earth. AHA!
Azaka and Kamadake, those stupid Port-a-potties that
Aeka called guardians.
Ryoko spit into the plam of her hand, and a glowing
ball appeared. Like a pitcher at the mound, she lifted
her leg and heaved the luminous sphere at the back of
Azaka.
WHOOOOM!
Azaka easily deflected the shot, but the energy was
not done traveling. It richoceted off of a tree and
flew down the road at what looked to be an approaching
car.

"Rei-chan?" asked Minako, "tell me more about where we
are going."  Rei, looked up from the game she was
playing with Chibi-Usa and said. "Well, its really
beautiful at my Great-Uncle's temple. Since Mom
passed, and Dad is so busy with his political work,
and Grandpa is so sick lately, I have taken over
coming out here to visit."
Mamoru looked into the rearview mirror of his rented
van and asked, "Didn't you say that there was a new
group of people living there...you weren't very
specific about that Rei-chan and..."
"Are there cute boys?!?!?" Interrupted Minako
Rei hung her head, a sweat drop forming, how like
Minako to think of boys.
"Yes," answered Rei, "my cousin Masaki Tenchi lives
there. He is about our age, and is also training in
the ways of running a Shinto shrine. I know that there
are a lot of women that live there but..."
"WAIT!" Screamed Usagi, "you never said anything about
women!" Her face turned pea-green at the thought of
someone trying to seduce HER Mamo-chan!!!!
"Usagi! Shut-Up! From what I have heard, these women
are mainly interested in Tenchi, I'm sure that they
have no interest in Mamoru-San."
Just then Ami looked up from her computer. Something
had caught her eye. Straining her eyes she caught a
glint of light just up ahead. Turning back to her
computer she traced the light and saw that it was
heading straight for them!
"Mamoru-San!!! Get off of the road right now!!!!'
Screamed Ami!

Ryoko beamed in front of the ball and hit it with a
lazer bat. She put a hand to her forehead and watched
as it sailed out of the atmosphere. (luckily) she
thought (maybe it will hit that stupid cheerful sun)
Smiling she turned to the now halted van. The first
person to get out was a girl with long pig-tails and
tears streaming comically from her face. Uh-oh, looks
like another Mihoshi, thought Ryoko. The next to step
out was a handsome young man who immediatly took the
shakey girl in his arms. Then out of the back of the
van came a whole slew of women.
Ryoko's first instinct after seeing that they were ok
was to yell at them for being on Masaki land. Then she
remembered that they probably would not be in this
situation if it was not her her. No Tenchi would not
like this.

"Hi are you all ok?" asked Ryoko.
A tall svelte brunette with green eyes, smiled and
said "Yes thanks to you! I thought that we were done
for!"
A slender raven-haired beauty stepped forward and
bowed. "We are very thankful for everything that you
have done. Do you know where that ball of light came
from?"

"Why don't you ask the girl you are thanking so
profusely!?!?" groweled a voice from behind Ryoko.
Ryoko turned and the whole group from the van watched
as a girl with Violet hair stepped forward.
Ryoko laughed lightly and put a hand to the back of
her head. "I was just having a little fun this morning
Aeka! Don't get your kimono in a twist! Just a little
early morning exercise....win one for the Gipper and
all that."
The violet haired girls face contorted into anger,
"Damn you Ryoko! Next time you decide to play baseball
with one of MY guardians I'll..."

"Ahem." Ryoko and Aeka looked toward the group, "I was
wondering, perhaps if that is the Masaki house. It has
been awhile since I was here and I don't quite
remember what it looks like."

"Whats it too you?" challenged Ryoko.
The girls were all taken aback, what a strange morning
this had become!
"You could be a little nicer" said a little voice,
Ayeka and Ryoko looked down as a tiny girl with pink
hair stepped between the legs of the adults, " I mean
you did almost kill us!"

Ryoko sighed. "Yes it is the Masaki residence."
"Well then let me introduce myself," said the girl
with raven hair, "my name is Hino Rei, I am Tenchi's
cousin."

Ryoko grimaced, way to go, she thought. Lets score
brownie points with Tenchi by killing off his family!

Rei motioned to the others, "This is Kino Makoto, the
blonde one is Aino Minako, this little one is
Chibi-Usa, the one with the glasses is Mizuno Ami, and
that is Chiba Mamoru."

"Wait Rei! What about me???" Whined Usagi.
"Oh yes, and the one with the dumplings is Tsukino
Usagi."

The girls all seemed to straighten their postures
after the introductions had been made. Aeka sensed
that somehow they were not ones to trifle with.

"Now if you don't mind," said Rei, we would like to be
escorted to the house."

END