Ryoko's Night
By Phoenix (p_dreamz@hotmail.com)


Ryoko couldnt stand it, Tenchi had been ignoring her for the past week, ever
since she had snuck in on him while he was in the bathroom.  Ryoko grinned
it was a sight worth seeing.  She had snuck behind Tenchi, and wrapped her
arms around his waist.  Tenchi's face had grown red when he realized who
stood behind him.
  "Ryoko!!!" he had yelled.
  Ryoko looked down and saw Tenchi's hand wrapped around an erected member.
   "Oh, Tenchi!  Do you need some help?"
   "GET OUT!"
   Ryoko frowned but phased through the wall, pretending to leave.
   Tenchi had continued pleasing himself, he sighed Ryoko's name as he
ejaculated.  He had heard a joyful squeak behind him.  Tenchi put his head
down, and sighed.  He cleaned up his mess and left the bathroom.
  From that day he hadn't as much as glanced at Ryoko.  Aeka had taken it as
a sign that he was in love with her, and not Ryoko.
  "It's disgusting the way she throws herself at him."  Ryoko thought.  She
had now known that Tenchi had a least a small amount of feelings for her,
which had convinced her to put her evil plan to use.  She waited until night
came, and snuck into Tenchi's room.  He slept soundlessly in his bed.  Ryoko
had found a perfect spot for her and her Tenchi.  She lightly touched
Tenchi's shoulder and teleported them to a space Washu had made for her.
   The room was bare except for four long pikes that stood out of the ground
in a rectangle pattern.  She laid Tenchi in between the pikes and took out
four peices of rope.  She stripped Tenchi of his clothes as carefully as she
could not to wake him, she then tied each arm and leg to a pike.  She tapped
on Tenchi's cheek until he awoke.
   His eyes became huge and he found himself waking up to a pair of golden
eyes.
  "Ah, um, um, hi Ryoko."
  "Tenchi."  Ryoko purred.
  She began to crawl up on top of Tenchi, she looked like a cat about to
attack it's prey.
  "Uh...Ryoko?" Tenchi tried to move his hands but found that he couldnt.
He looked down, he was tied and nude!  "What are you doing?!"
   "Oh, no need to worry my Tenchi, just lay back and let me do this."
   "Ryoko, are you crazy?  Let me go, take me home!"
   The golden eyes became watery.  Ryoko moved away from Tenchi after a
sniffle.  She sat at the end of Tenchi's foot, her arms wrapped around her
legs, as she rocked herself back and forth.  The scene made Tenchi want to
run over to her, to hug her, but his hands were tied.  He couldnt do
anything, and he made this beautiful girl cry.  He felt like crying himself,
he didnt want to see her this way.
  "Ryoko, i...i didnt mean it."
  The golden globes looked at him, they had no emotion in them, it made
Tenchi's insides feel cold.  His heart ached.
  "What do you mean then Tenchi?"
  "I...I...want to be with you Ryoko."
  Ryoko's eyes lite back up to the way Tenchi liked to see them.  She flew
over, plopped herself down on his stomach and kissed him.  She kissed him
deeply with her whole soul in the kiss.  When she broke for air she stared
at Tenchi's state.  He looked sexy tied up, and it looked complete now that
he had an erection.  She took Tenchi's erection in her hand.  She massaged
the side of it, with a gentleness Tenchi didnt expect her to have.  She then
began to do it harder, Tenchi moaned.  Ryoko placed her mouth on it and
allowed her fangs to graze his hard member.
   "Aahhh...Ry..Ryoko.."
   Ryoko replaced her fangs with her tongue and swirled it, stopping at the
top and dipping it in and out of Tenchi's little slit.  She felt a drop come
out, and she licked it up eagerly.  Tenchi continued to moan.  When she felt
him begin to shake she knew that he was close and she pulled away.
  Tenchi felt like crying when the pleasure dissapeared, he looked down at
Ryoko questioningly.
  "This is my first time to have you Tenchi dear, I'm going to make it
last."  Tenchi laid his head back and groaned, he was ready to go off, and
Ryoko could tell.  Ryoko played with his balls, massaging them, and ignoring
the heated ache above her.  She ran her hands up his legs and lightly
brushed against it, Tenchi moaned, but she didnt continue.
   "Ryoko!  Please!"  Ryoko began to feel sorry for him.  She phased out of
her clothes and settled her self above him, she slowly covered his hard on
with her moist and all to ready body.
  Tenchi growled as she did it, and began to pump instantly when she was in
him.  His moves were fast and powerful and it didnt take long before Ryoko
found herself in the middle of pure esctasy.  The contraction of her muscles
after her orgasm sent Tenchi over the edge as went off.  He let out a loud
scream, as relief and pleasure surged through his body.  He slumped down,
exshausted.  Ryoko laid down on top of him.
  "Um, Ryoko, can you untie me now?"
  "Mmmm."
  "Ryoko."
  "Fine."
  She removed the rope from his hands.  Tenchi wrapped his arms around
Ryoko.
  "Ryoko?"
  "Yes Tenchi?"
  "Next time, how bout you let me help out?"
  "Next time?"
  "I certainly hope so."
  "Why?"
  "Because, I...I, think i love you."
  "I love you too Tenchi."