Ryoko's Heart Chapter 3: The Night of the Fair


Tenchi awoke to the sound of birds singing outside, he
slowly opened his eyes and was staring into two golden
eyes. His eyes shot open and saw Ryoko laying next to him
in her white night gown staring at him. "Good morning Tenchi",
she purred as she wrapped her arms around him and hugged
him.

"Good morning", he said returning the embrace. "What where
you doing anyway?"

"I was just watching you sleep", she responded

"Oh yeah I remember, it relaxes you", he riminded himself.

"You know I had the weirdest dream last night and you where
in it, it's funny, but I dreamt that you were rubbing my
breast."

Tenchi a short little scream as he quickly sat up and knocked
over the trays of breakfast that Sasami brought up, the
food and plates spilled all over the floor. Ryoko just sat there
staring at Tenchi confused.

"What?", he asked nervously. "Oh, uh....ahem. Oh gee, uh....what
are the odds of that?"

Ryoko cocked one eye brow still confused, she just dropped it
and gave Tenchi another big hug.

One Week Later:
It was the night of the fair, Katsuhito was already there along
with Sasami, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone, Washu was working
in her lab and said she'd catch up later, Nobuyuki couldn't
make it because he was tied up at work. Tenchi sat on the
couch waiting for Ryoko, after a few more minutes he got
and was about to go get when he saw her coming down the
stair wearing his mother's old kimono.

"Well, how do I look Tenchi", she said as she spun around
once to show it off. 

"Uh....you look great Ryoko," Tenchi answered."Just be careful
okay? It was my mother's, and the dance is formal so we'll
have to dress up.

"Okay Tenchi, let's go", she said taking Tenchi's arm. They 
both walked out of the house together into the night. Tenchi
looked at his watch to see what time it was, it read 8:00 p.m.
"We still have three hours till the dance Ryoko, that'll give
us time to explore", he stated.

"Okay", Ryoko agreed. "What should we do first?" When they
made it to the top of the long stairs she looked around to see what
to do first. There were games to play, food stands, a few rides,
Then something caught her eye. "What's that Tenchi?", she asked 
pointing at one of the games.

"That's the fish scooper. You wanna try it?", asked Tenchi.

"Yeah", she agreed. They walked over to the game and Tenchi
paid the guy running it 300 yen. He handed them both a few
scoopers. They sat down on their stools in front of a big fish 
tank, then Tenchi explained how to do it. "All you have to do
is dip the scooper in and wait for a fish to swim over it, when
it does quickly scoop it up and put it in your water bag, but
you have to be fast or the fish will fall through.", Tenchi
explained. 

Ryoko nodded her and gave it a shot, she dipped her scooper
in and waited for a while, she took a glane over at Tenchi
and saw that he already had three. "Damn, he's sure is an
expert at this", she thought to herself. she waited a while
longer when she saw a fish over her scooper, she scooped it
out of the water.

"Yes", she said in victory just when the fish fell through the
scooper and back into the water. She went through all three
scoopers in less than 30 seconds. She sighed, then Tenchi held
up his bag with about 15 little gold fish in it and handed it to
Ryoko, she smiled as she excepted the bag from Tenchi. They
wandered around for a while and came across the food stands.
Tenchi spotted Kiyone in one of them, making fried noodles.
"Hey Kiyone, I didn't know you were going to work here",
Tenchi said.

"Yeah, but this is a better chance to improve my skills", she
stated. Mihoshi walked over next to Kiyone when she heard
what she said.

"But Kiyone I thought you said we needed another job because
our budget was tight this month, and so we could take a bath
every day instead of every weak", Mihoshi ratted.

"GOD DAMN IT MIHOSHI, SHUT THE HELL UP!!!!", Kiyone screamed
at her bone-headed partner. Mihoshi just had a hurt look on her
face and walked to the back of the stand. Ryoko tried with all
her might not to laugh, she just started to giggle and Kiyone
looked at Ryoko with a furious expression, seeing her face the
way it looked, Ryoko just burst out laughing, holding her sides
since they were in pain from laughing. When she finally stopped
Kiyone looked a little less angry.

"You should of seen your face Kiyone", Ryoko giggled again.

"Uh....could we have two fried noodles please Kiyone?", asked
Tenchi.

"Coming right up", she said her face now back to normal.

"She's only offering good service because she needs the money
to stay clean", Ryoko whispered in Tenchi's ear giggling again.

Kiyone handed them their noodles, Tenchi gave her 400 yen 
instead of 300. As Tenchi and Ryoko walked away he started
to giggle at the thought of Kiyone and Mihoshi not able to
afford bath water. Then both Tenchi and Ryoko burst out 
laughing. When they stopped they sat down at a nearby table
and wolfed down their noodles. When they finished Tenchi
looked at his watch, it read 10:20 p.m.

"Ryoko, we better go back to the house and get ready for the 
dance", Tenchi stated.

"Already? Damn that was fast", she commented.

Ryoko took Tenchi's hand and in a flash they were both in 
Tenchi's room. Ryoko watched as Tenchi got changed.

"Whoo-hoo, alright! Yeah! Take it off baby! Show me some skin there
baby!", Ryoko yelled in excitment.

"Do you mind Ryoko?"

"No, I don't mind if you undress in front of me", she joked.
Tenchi just rolled his eyes and started to change again.
He opened his closet and looked inside, he found a black
tux with a bow tie and gold cufflinks. He put it on and turned 
to Ryoko. Ryoko gave a long loud wolf whistle as she saw him.

"Oooohh, now that's smooth baby!", she commented.

"You think so?"

"I know so Tenchi", she said dreanily." Now it's my turn
Tenchi dearest."

"Well I...uh...I'll just wait outside while you change Ryoko."

"Trying to be a gentleman? You don't have to you know.
Alright, you don't have to watch me change.......yet!",
she gave an evil laghter. She thought about what she
wanted to wear. Then she had an idea, and in a second
she phased into new clothing. She wore a tight black dress
with lightly dark colored pantyhose, and the went down to her
ankles, the front had two straps going over her shoulder to the 
back(kinda like a tank top). The dress was tight enough to to 
show how her neatly her body was shaped. The whole dress 
had white shiney ribbon threaded through it so when the light 
hit it, it would shine and glitter white. She wore black high 
heels and a pearl necklace with pearl earrings. She also had put 
on makeup, it made her look like one of those cover girls. She 
walked over to Tenchi and took his hand.

"Wow, you look beautiful Ryoko", Tenchi commented.

"Thank you, ready Tenchi?", she asked, and with those words they
were instantly back at the carnival. They saw the building where
the dance was, when walked in the examined their surrondings,
it was a gymnasiam but highly decorated, they saw the D.J.
scanning through his CD's, then they spotted Ayeka and Sasami,
they waved as they approached them.

"Hello Ayeka, Sasami", Tenchi greeted. He looked at what they
were wearing, Ayeka wore a red dress similar to Ryoko's
exept one there were no shiney ribbons threaded throught it
and one of Ayeka's sides was open so it would expose her leg. 
She wore light colored pantyhose and red high heels, and a red beaded 
necklace with gold earrings. Sasami wore a dress similar to 
Ayeka's except with no open leg, it was pink, she wore light 
colored panthose, and she wore white high heels with a white 
beaded choker around her neck.

"Hello lord Tenchi", Ayeka greeted back. "Ryoko."

"Hey", Ryoko responded.

Then they saw Mihoshi and Kiyone, Mihoshi wore a black dress
similar to Ryoko's exept with no ribbons threaded through it
and it went down to her knees and wore dark pantyhose, she also 
wore black high heels with dimond earrings and a gold thin chain 
around her neck. Kiyone wore a dark blue dress that also went down 
to her knees, she wore white high heels with a locket shaped like 
heart on her necklace with dimond earrings.

"Hi Kiyone, hi Mihoshi, any luck with the food stand?", Tenchi asked
Kiyone.

"Well we did okay I guess", she responded.

"But Kiyone, Tenchi and some other cheap guy were our only 
costomers", Mihoshi ratted again.

"MIHOSHI, IF YOU SAY ONE MORE WORD WHILE WE'RE AT THIS
DANCE I'M GONNA......!!!!", she was cut short by music playing.
The dance started, Kiyone figured she would kill Mihoshi
later because they were having to much fun. Tenchi danced
with all the girls, they played stuff like jazz, blues, rock,
hip-hop, and lots more. After what seemed like forever a
slow song came on, it was time to slow dance. 

"Dance with me Tenchi", said little Sasami.

"Uh, alright Sasami", he answered.

He put his hands on her little waist and she put her hands 
on his arms since she couldn't reach his shoulders. All
the other girls got a guy to dance with except for Ryoko,
she figured she would sit out on the slow dances, because
believe it or not, she was a little shy about it. After the
slow dance ended the D.J. got back to the fast dancing
song, Ryoko jumped in on those. They played stuff like
Eminem, Coolio, B.B. King, Nirvana, Deangelo, and lots
of other stuff, they had it all. Then another slow dancing
song came on, Ryoko went to sit out again.

"Tenchi, may I have the honer of having this dance?", asked
Ayeka.

"Sure Ayeka", he answered.

Tenchi put his hands halfway around her waist and she put
her arms around his neck. It was finally at the bridge of the
song, Tenchi looked over Ayeka's shoulder and saw Ryoko
sitting out, he also noticed that when he danced with Sasami.
Finally the song ended and the fast dance started, when they
played hip-hop they danced hip-hop, when they played jazz 
they danced jazz, when they played blues they danced blues,
whatever they played they danced. Then another slow dance
song came on, and Ryoko sat out again.

"Uh, Tenchi? Would you uh....dance with me?", Mihoshi asked
shyly.

"Of course I will Mihoshi", he responded.

Tenchi put his hands on her waist and Mihoshi put her arms 
on his shoulders. Tenchi yet again stared at Ryoko wondering
why she was sitting out. After what seemed like forever the
song ended and went back to the faster stuff. One song they
played was Aqua, he had no idea why they would play that
so he just went along with it. And then another slow dance song 
came on.

"Hey, Tenchi, will dance dance with me", asked Kiyone.

"Yeah sure Kiyone", he answered.

They did the same routine as all the others, as he danced with
Kiyone he yet again saw Ryoko sitting out. He just couldn't figure it 
out. When the song ended the fast stuff played again, then for some
reason they played Meat Loaf, Tenchi shuddered at that name, so
he didn't dance to that one, but he saw Ryoko dancing. He headed towards
Ryoko to ask why she kept sitting out. But then he stopped when the
lights dimmed, he knew another slow dance was coming on. He saw
Ryoko head over to the chair and sit down.

"Alright everyone this is the last dance, grab yourself a partner
and get down", the D.J. anounced. Tenchi walked over to Ryoko,
she looked up at him as Tenchi reached out his hand.

"May I have this dance", Tenchi asked Ryoko.

She just looked at Tenchi, after a few moments she took his
hand and lifted herself out off the chair and stood right in
front of Tenchi. She nodded her head and walked with Tenchi
to the middle of the dance floor, Tenchi put his hands around
Ryoko's waist and Ryoko put her arms around Tenchi's neck.
Then the song started, Tenchi reckonized the song right
away. It was a song called "True" and it was performed by
"Spandali Ballet". 

"Ryoko? Why have you been sitting out for all the slow
dances?", Tenchi asked.

"Well....Because I couldn't find anybody to dance with, and I
was just shy", Ryoko confessed.

"Shy about what Ryoko? You shouldn't have anything to be shy
about", Tenchi said.

"Really?"

"Really", Tenchi responded.

"Tenchi I....I....I love you."

Tenchi pulled Ryoko closer to him and wrapped his arms all
the way around Ryoko's waist and held her in an embrace.
Ryoko wrapped her arms all the way around Tenchi's neck
and rested her head on Tenchi's chest.

		"I love you too Ryoko", Tenchi whispered in her ear.
Ryoko shed a tear of joy as the to of them danced to
the song while in an embrace. When the song ended
Tenchi grabbed the jacket to his tux and exited while
Ryoko held on to his arm. Mihoshi and Kiyone went home
because they had to get up in the morning to go to work.
Ayeka and Sasami went home and went to bed. She seemed
to be overwhelmed by what happen that night. Tenchi picked
her up in his arms, cradling her he started his ventured for
home. He could hear her groaning in her sleep, whispering
Tenchi's name. Finally he reached the house, he opened the
door quietly and shut it. He reached the sairs and climbed up
them, when he reached his room he opened the door, stepped
inside and closed it, he carefully set Ryoko down in his bed
and took off her shoes and covered her up. He leaned forward
and kissed Ryoko tenderly on the lips. When he broke away
Ryoko started to relax. "I love you, my Ryoko", Tenchi whispered.

To be continued....

Authors Notes: Okay, now we're getting to the good stuff,
please please no more applause. Anyway, any questions
or comments e-mail me at brandonblair@hotmail.com
Okay take care now bye-bye then.


