	Author Notes: This fanfic was created by some sick idea that came 
into my mind. As a warning, it involves Rhjamiz (my character) and 
Ryoko, who, in this fic, is a--using the slang term--shemale. If you 
don't want to read it, then go away. I have some brilliant minded reader 
out there, I'm sure, with an IQ close to my own who wants to watch this. 
No comments, or thou shalt be annihilated. Nonetheless, I hope you enjoy 
the fic.
	~Washu-chan

	Copyrights: Tenchi Muyo!, Ryoko, and anything else relating to 
Tenchi Muyo! is copyright Pioneer LDC, AIC, and Kajishima Masaki(sp.?), 
and the character Rhjamiz Keppa Mnementh is copyright me, Washu Hakubi-
chan.

	Ryoko's Secret - Chapter 1 : Rhjamiz

	"Ryoko..."
	Ryoko woke from her deep sleep and her eyes shot open, her pupils 
narrowing out, then widening again, adjusting to the darkness. Their 
amber color shone through even the dark room, and she looked to the 
origin of the voice who had called her name, only to look into the dark 
red eyes of Rhjamiz.
	"Rhjamiz?" she whispered, sitting up. "What're you doing?"
	"Well, it was rather cold outside, and I got lonely, so..."
	"So you came to me." Ryoko smiled, though it was barely visible 
through the darkness.
	"Yeah, well, I was hoping we could finish what was started 
earlier.." Rhjamiz said, almost purring, running her hand up and down 
Ryoko's leg.
	Rhjamiz's hand ran farther up Ryoko's leg, to her inner thigh, and 
over towards her pussy, and--
	"Maybe we should continue this another time," Ryoko said, backing 
away.
	"What's wrong, Ryoko-chan?" Rhjamiz asked, crawling after Ryoko. 
"Are you backing out now?"
	"No, it's just that..."	
	"That what?"
	"I'm not what you think I am, Rhjamiz..."
	"What's that supposed to mean, Ryoko?"
	Ryoko threw the blanket she had on her to the side, showing she 
was now in one of Tenchi's T-shirts that he had outgrown, and it hugged 
Ryoko's cleavage nicely, and a pair of underwear.
	"Ryoko?"
	Ryoko slid her hands down, leaning forward so that the shirt 
blocked Rhjamiz's view, and began sliding her underwear off, manuevering 
perfectly so that Rhjamiz's couldn't see. Finally, she tossed her 
underwear to the side, and sat upright, her legs spread.
	Rhjamiz's eyes went wide. "R-Ryoko! Th-that's a... a..."
	Ryoko nodded, on the verge of tears.
	"Ryoko... but, how can you still love Tenchi?"
	Ryoko shook her head, remaining silent.
	Rhjamiz stared into Ryoko's eyes, as if piercing her soul, and saw 
the hurt behind the tough, outer layer that Ryoko usually showed off.
	"I'm sorry..."
	"Prove it..."
	"Prove it?" Rhjamiz was confused. She stared down at the one thing 
that had caused her to hurt Ryoko so bad:  Ryoko's cock. She crawled 
down on her hands and knees and sat there for a moment, waiting for... 
no reason...
	Ryoko reached her hand down and stroked herself. "It needs 
attention..."
	Rhjamiz leaned forward, now on her elbows and knees, and flicked 
her tongue briefly over the tip of Ryoko's cock, narrowing her eyes as 
she licked slowly from base to tip. Ryoko laid back and moaned, one hand 
rested on the back of Rhjamiz's head.
	After several licks, Rhjamiz paused and looked up at Ryoko. "What 
would you do if Tenchi picked you over Ayeka?"
	"I'd consult Washu." With that, Ryoko winked, and pushed Rhjamiz's 
head back to her cock. "But let's not worry about that now."
	Rhjamiz smiled, though Ryoko couldn't see it, and took Ryoko's 
cock into her mouth, sliding her lips farther and farther down the shaft 
until she reached the base, and she could now feel the tip brushing the 
back of her throat. She now began sliding her mouth up and down, up and 
down, repeating the motion.
	Ryoko rubbed the back of Rhjamiz's head, raking her fingers 
through the soft, black hair, and moaned. Rhjamiz continued her motion, 
applying a slight bit of pressure as she started to suck. Ryoko moaned 
once again, and grabbed a bit of Rhjamiz's hair as she felt a buildup in 
the base of her cock.
	"Just a little while... longer..." she whispered, her other hand 
reaching down and caressing Rhjamiz's face while it moved up and down on 
her manhood (sounds fucked up, doesn't it), and all was silent except 
for Rhjamiz's muffled whines and Ryoko's heavy breathing.
	After several more moments of this, Ryoko arched back and moaned, 
and Rhjamiz choked for a moment as Ryoko shot her cum down her throat, 
and the weredragon jerked her head back, opening her mouth to breathe, 
two trickles of cum dripping out of the corners of her mouth.
	Ryoko chuckled. "You liked that, didn't you?"
	Rhjamiz smiled, still trying to regain her breath. "Y-yeah."
	"Well, don't go thinking that you get to have all the fun!" Ryoko 
whispered, and pushed Rhjamiz back on her ass, and began working her 
khakis off, undoing the button, then slowly working the zipper down. She 
now grabbed hold of the sides and pulled them down, taking her underwear 
along as well, tossing the khakis off to the side, and leaving the 
underwear hanging off her right ankle, exposing Rhjamiz's dripping 
pussy, weredragon-cum dripping onto the floor.
	Ryoko licked her lips. "Looks tasty..." she whispered, and leaned 
in, resting the side of her face against Rhjamiz's inner thigh, flicking 
her tongue out and briefly licking the weredragon's clit, giggling 
afterwards. Rhjamiz let out a soft moan, and rested her hand on the back 
of Ryoko's head, raking her claw-like fingers through the beautiful 
locks of cyan hair, as Ryoko had done to her.
	Ryoko now dived in, and began licking ravenously at Rhjamiz, 
occasionally sliding her tongue in the young weredragon and running it 
around. After several moments of this repeated motion, Rhjamiz arched 
back and climaxed, her cum now all over Ryoko's face, and the space 
pirate lifted her head, and began licking the cum off her face, grinning 
wickedly.
	"Now that that's over with..." she whispered, and pushed Rhjamiz 
all the way down, onto her back, and straddled her, the tip of her cock 
brushing the entrance to Rhjamiz's pussy.
	"You are so *evil*," Rhjamiz whined, and Ryoko responded with the 
same wicked grin, sliding herself into Rhjamiz and placing her hands on 
Rhjamiz's sides.
	"I know," Ryoko whispered, leaned forward so her whisper was 
directly in Rhjamiz's ear, "Sometimes being evil is very pleasurable."
	Rhjamiz's tongue flicked Ryoko's earlobe. "I'm yours," she purred, 
which was odd for she was part dragon, "Fuck me, Ryoko..."
	Ryoko bit Rhjamiz's neck gently as a response, and began slamming  
her cock in and out of the weredragon, repeating the harsh movement 
until she found a rhythm, and kept to it. Rhjamiz slipped her arms under 
Ryoko's and took hold of the space pirate's shoulders, whining loudly.
	"Shhhh," Ryoko purred between thrusts, "you'll ruin the fun!"
	Rhjamiz whined again, but this time, not as loud, and wrapped her 
legs around Ryoko, and Ryoko kept the rhythm up for several more 
moments. 
	"Ryoko..." Rhjamiz whined, and the two made direct eye contact, 
Ryoko still pounding restlessly into Rhjamiz.
	"Rhjamiz..." Ryoko responded, and slammed her hard cock one final 
time into Rhjamiz, and the two climaxed together, Ryoko spurting her cum 
deep inside Rhjamiz, and Rhjamiz's juices dripped heavily from her, 
completly soaking Ryoko's cock.
	 Ryoko collapsed onto Rhjamiz afterwards, both of them trying to 
catch their breath.
	"Oh, Ryoko..."
	"This is it..."
	"What is it?"
	"You're mine."
	"I will always be yours, Ryoko-chan."
	Ryoko slid herself out of Rhjamiz and the two rolled over, so now 
that Rhjamiz was straddling Ryoko, her dripping pussy just behind 
Ryoko's cock.
	"Ready?" Rhjamiz asked, and raised herself up, and once again, the 
tip of Ryoko's cock brushed Rhjamiz's pussy.
	"I always am," Ryoko responded.
	Rhjamiz relaxed herself, and by doing so, her pussy swallowed 
Ryoko's cock, and she began working herself into a rhythm, driving 
herself up and down on the hardness.
	After many minutes of it (because I'm getting tired of describing 
it), Rhjamiz and Ryoko both climaxed, and for the second time, Ryoko 
shot her cum deep into Rhjamiz, causing the weredragon to whine. Rhjamiz 
collapsed onto Ryoko, sliding herself off of her cock, and laid the side 
of her head on Ryoko's chest, her own chest rising and falling rapidly 
so she could catch her breath. 
	Ryoko purred and stroked Rhjamiz's hair, twirling some strands of 
it around her finger while her other hand ran down Rhjamiz's back, then 
back up to her neck.
	"I love you..." Rhjamiz whispered, her eyes closing.
	Ryoko kissed the top of Rhjamiz's head, and grabbed the blanket 
that she had tossed away earlier, covering both of them with it. After 
she had done this, she wrapped her arms around Rhjamiz, and smiled.
	"I love you too..."
	
	
