Ryoko's Heart

Chapter One:

It was another typical boring day at the Masaki residence,                                                          
Tenchi was out working in the carrot fields, Mihoshi and
Kiyone were out somewhere deep in space, Sasami was
doing the daily house work, Ayeka was helping her little
sister, Washu was in her lab as usual, and Ryoko was in
the onsen relaxing in the hot tub.

				Ryoko figured that it was about time for Tenchi to
come home, she was right. She saw Tenchi walking towards
the house looking pretty tired.

"I'll go see him when he's in the bath", she thought to herself.

After a while she looked down into the men's bath and saw Tenchi
finding a nice spot to sit down in. "Tenchi", Tenchi heard,
he knew right away who it was. "Ryoko?", Tenchi said as Ryoko
phased in in front of him. He gave a little yell in panic
as a drop of blood shot from his nose, he quickly spun around
so as not to see Ryoko's exposed body.

"Why are you being so shy Tenchi? You've seen me a hundred
times and i've never seen you once.", she said as she knelt
down behind him and wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Ryoko I.....uh...."

"You what Tenchi?", she asked slyly.

"Dinner time", Sasami called as she walked in and saw
what Ryoko was doing. "Come on you two break it up,
come have dinner before it gets cold", she said before
exiting. Tenchi struggled to get away but
Ryoko held on tight. "Before I let you go Tenchi,
just answer one question. Am I turning you on?",
she asked.

"Well....uh."

"Nevermind, let's go eat", she said before licking his
ear and phasing out.

"Whew", Tenchi sighed in relief. "That girl is impossible."

		At the dinner table while everyone was eating, Ryoko
looked up at Tenchi and winked. Tenchi did nothing but turn
crimson, seeing this Ayeka spoke up, "What's wrong lord
Tenchi?", she asked. "Uh....n-nothing really", he stuttered.

		Ayeka already knew the problem, she looked over to Ryoko
who was staring dreamily at Tenchi. "Ryoko, what did you do
to him this time?!", Ayeka scolded looking very serious.
"Why, what ever do you mean little girl", Ryoko teased, "Are
you jealous or upset about something? Are you upset
about you knowing Tenchi and me were mean't for each
other? Or are you upset that your not back on Jurai with
your little servants, mother and father spoiling your little
rotten ass, giving me shit cause you think your the only
person living in this universe?!!!!!!", Ryoko got louder
as she slammed her fist on the table and stood up
snarling loudly.

"Your no person, your just an insensitive monster!", she
yelled standing up.

"Am I? Well I think your a naive little girl", Ryoko
said calmly with a grin on her face. Tenchi new
another war was going to break out if he didn't do something.
"Come on girls stop it", Tenchi spoke up, "I don't see why
you two have to fight all the time", Tenchi stated.

"Of course you don't Tenchi, because your what we're
fighting for", Ryoko said.

"Come on you two", Washu spoke up frustrated, "Save it for tomorrow
it's to late for this."

"Fine.", Ryoko and Ayeka said simultaneously.

After they finished their meals, Tenchi helped Sasami clean
up while Washu went back to her lab, Katsuhito went back
to the shrine, Nobuyuki went to his room, and Ayeka and
Ryoko went to their rooms. "Thanks for helping Tenchi", Sasami
said when the finished. "I feel bad for you Tenchi, it must
be hard always getting fought over."

"Yeah, it's really stressing", said Tenchi.

"Well goodnight Tenchi", she said before ascending the stairs.
"Goodnight Sasami", he called back. He then went to his room,
got changed, and got into bed, letting his mind wonder he
drifted off into sleep.

Meanwhile Ryoko was lying in her bed thinking about Tenchi,
she thought about what it would be like if she won his
heart and married him, thinking about what their child
would be like, but she could only imagine. She thought about
how she would wait outside the front door waiting all day
for Tenchi to come home from work, as soon as they saw each
other Tenchi would drop his briefcase, run to each other, 
scoop each other up in their arms and hold each other closely.
She thought about all those things until finally after a few
hours she dozed off into sleep.

When she woke up she didn't feel like getting out of bed,
she was still tired and whoozy, she would usually jump
out of bed to go see Tenchi before he went off to school, she
figured since she was up she should go do that now. She sat
up and looked at the alarm clock, it said 12:00 p.m. She
sighed when she relized Tenchi was already gone, she
laid back down went to sleep since she was still tired
from staying up late thinking about Tenchi. When she
awoke again she looked at the clock, it said 2:00 p.m.
"I guess I should go take a bath, Tenchi will be home
soon", she said to herself.

Ryoko pretty much acted normal that day, she didn't
use any of her powers, she didn't say a word to
anyone, in the onsen she only went into the water
and washed but didn't feel like staying in the water,
and to everyone but her that was normal. At dinner
she sat and only ate about a quarter of her meal and
weht upstairs to her room.

"What's gotten into her?", asked Tenchi.

"I'm sure it's nothing serious lord Tenchi, we can all
just forget about her and enjoy the rest of the night",
Ayeka said smiling at Tenchi. Tenchi just gave Ayeka a
funny look, then Ayeka chuckled in embarassment.

"Ayeka, come on, I never forget about you when i'm
concerned about you", Tenchi reminded.

"Yes but that's different, I haven't been harassing you
in any way Tenchi."

"Alright, that's enough Ayeka!", Sasami scolded her
older sister. Tenchi just frowned at Ayeka, she
turn crimson and just down in shame. After the meal
it was the same thing, everyone went back to their
rooms, and Tenchi helped Sasami clean up again.
After saying their goodnights they went up to their
rooms, while he was changing Tenchi thought about
what might have been bothering Ryoko. After failing
to come up with an answer he decided to sleep on
it and mabye ask her tomorrow. After getting in bed
and dozed off into sleep. When he did Ryoko phased
her head through the door, looking to see if Tenchi 
was asleep. When she confirmed that he was she
phased completely through the door, she pulled up
a chair and sat down next to his bed where Tenchi
was laying on his back. She just sat there and watched
Tenchi sleep. After an hour her eyelids started to get heavy,
just as she was about to close her eyes, out of nowhere
Tenchi whispered her name. She was just stunned, after
a few minutes she leaned forward and kissed Tenchi
tenderly on the forehead. Tenchi then whispered her name
again. After a couple hours of this she drifted off into a
deep sleep.

		That morning Tnechi slowly opened his eyelids, he heard
birds chirping outside, and saw the sun shining in. He was
laying on his side, through his half opened eyes he saw an outline
of someone sitting in a chair, he opened them a little more and
saw the spikey cyan hair on top, he knew right away that it was
Ryoko. He eyes shot open and saw her sitting there as a look of
furry came over him, he sat up, he was just about to scold her
until he noticed she was sleeping like an angel, but telling by
her face she looked very uncomfortable. He sighed and got out of 
his bed, he scooped Ryoko up in his arms, cradling her he pushed
the sheets down with his foot and set her down in his bed, at contact
she relaxed and looked even more like an angel, he pulled the covers
over her and sat down beside her, after a few minutes he leaned over
and kissed her forehead. She started to whisper his name, Tenchi
just sat there looking at Ryoko. After a while he got up, walked
over to the door and opened it, he turned look at Ryoko again,
he then sighed exited the room out into the hallway...........



To be continued....


Author's notes: Well, what do think so far? Any questions or comments
just e-mail me at brandonblair@hotmail.com Chapter 2 will be coming
out soon, you won't have to wait that long so don't have a cow. Alright
then peace-out!!!! 
