Welcome back to what will be the best Sammys Little Secret story of all.

Enjoy ^_^

Warning: Do I really need to warn you people?

Time Note: This takes place one week after Sammys Little Secret 2.

by Tank Cop

Sammys Little Secret 4: More Then Just Friends
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It was just around 10:30 in the morning as Rumiya and Misao walked towards
Sasami's house.

"But Misao I still don't think that telling Sasami about us is such a good
idea.  I mean she will take it hard and might not want to help us to bring
down my sister?"  Rumiya said in a concerned voice.  Misao looked at him
with stern look.  "Look Rumiya you and I are in love, right?  Sasami will
understand.  She will beat the Hell out of you first, but she will
understand."  Misao said.  Rumiya with a not so happy smile on his face and
a big sweat drop.  "Why does that not make me feel any better?"

They finally arrived at Sasami's house.  They rang the bell.  The door
opened, then to there surprise they saw Ryo-Ohki in human form dressed only
in a pair of white underpants!  "Oh, hi Misao how are ...!"  Ryo-Ohki is cut
off mis sentence when he sees Rumiya with Misao.  "Rumiya!  How dare you
come back to this house after you have taken advantage of Sasami then just
tossed her away like a piece of trash!"  Ryo-Ohki says as he jumps on Rumiya
and wrestles him to the ground in the front yard.  Rumiya tries to defend
himself and tries to fight back.  "Let me go you damn furball!"  Rumiya
yells.  Misao tries to stop the fighting, but only gets hit by the back of
Ryo-Ohki's hand to her head.  As she is knocked to the ground, Sasami runs
out of the house to see where all the yelling is coming from.  Only to see
Ryo-Ohki and Rumiya are beating the hell out of each other and Misao in
pain.  "STOP IT RIGHT NOW!"  Sasami screams at the top of her lungs.  "Look
at what your fighting has done to Misao."  The two of them look over to see
Misao with a nasty bump on her forehead, sobbing her eyes out and begging
for them to stop fighting.  Rumiya gets off Ryo-Ohki and walks over to see
if Misao needs any help.  "Are you ok, Misao?"  Rumiya asks in a clam
voice.  Misao wipes the tears from her eyes.  "I'll be ok, just please don't
fight anymore.  I don't want you to get hurt."  Misao said  Rumiya helps
Misao off the ground.  "Don't worry, I won't fight anymore.  I promise."  He
then kisses Misao on the lips, in plan view of a shocked Sasami and
Ryo-Ohki.

Later on after everyone gets cleaned up and Ryo-Ohki got some clothes on.
They all sit in the living room of Sasami's house.  Later everyone talks
about what has been happing for the past week.  (recap time)  Sasami being
Pretty Sammy, Misao being Misa, Stuff about Rumiya, stuff about Ryo-Ohki,
Sasami asking Rumiya to help her to stop this stupied war.  Then they get
into the good stuff.  Sasami having sex with Rumiya, Rumiya leaving Sasami,
Rumiya makes Misao and Misa into a new Misa, Rumiya and Misao have sex,
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki have sex.  (The rest is just a week long sex thing)  "So
you see Sasami I do love you, but me and Misao are in love.  I'm sorry if
you think I used you, but I didn't.  I did love you then.  Just as I do now,
but I can only be with Misao.  My true love."  Rumiya said.

Every word felt like a knife in Sasami's heart.  "So you had your way with
me, then you left me, and now you think I will love you again?  You stuiped
Bastard!"  Sasami then gets up and runs out of the room crying.  Ryo-Ohki
looks at Rumiya.  "See what you have done.  You did this to her.  I hope
your happy with your life.  Because she will never love you again."
Ryo-Ohki says as he goes after Sasami.

Ryo-Ohki found Sasami in her bedroom crying her poor eyes out.  "Sasami can
I come in?"  Ryo-Ohki asks.  Sasami stops crying.  "Yes you can come in
Ryo-Ohki."  Ryo-Ohki sits down next to Sasami on her bed and gives her a
hug.  "Now Sasami I know that Rumiya is a asshole, but remember that you
have me now and I have you."  Ryo-Ohki said.  Just then there was a tapping
on the door.  Both Sasami and Ryo-Ohki turned to see Misao and a sad Rumiya
at the door.

"What do you two want?  Can't you see where having a private moment here."
Ryo-Ohki said.  Misao walks over to Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  "Rumiya want to
talk to you Sasami, alone."  Misao said.  Ryo-Ohki give her a no way in hell
look, but Sasami was diffrent.  "Its ok, let him in.  I'll talk to him
alone."  Sasami said in a low voice.  "Ok Sasami, but if he gives you any
trouble at all you just call for me and I'll kick his ass!"  Ryo-Ohki said.
Sasami had got a smile on her face after hearing that.  "Thank you
Ryo-Ohki."  Sasami said.  Then they both kissed and then Ryo-Ohki and Misao
left the room while Rumiya and Sasami where left in the room.

For awhile Rumiya and Sasami just sat on the bed.  Then Rumiya spoke up.
"Sasami I'm sorry.  I'm sooooo sorry."  Rumiya said.  Sasami looked at him
with hate in her eyes.  "Sorry, you fucked with me then you left me to go
fuck my best friend, who was my enemy Misa, but now is no longer and all you
can say is sorry!"  Sasami gets up and hits Rumiya so hard he is thrown off
the bed!  "I deserved that.  Look Sasami you have every right to be pissed
at me.  I just want to be your friend now.  A lover to you I can no longer
be.  Can we just be friends?"  Rumiya said rubbing a very large red mark on
his face.  "Lissen to me Rumiya you used me like some street coner slut, now
you want to be my friend!  What kind of fucked up world do you live in?"
She walks over to Rumiya and kicks him in the stomach.  After Rumiya was
able to breath normal again.  He asked Sasami what he wanted to ask her.
"Sasami I just want to know if you still want to help me take down my sister
and stop this dumb war?"  Sasami thought about it.  "Yes, I will help you
Rumiya.  Thenlater I will think about this friendship thing.  Now lets talk
about how where going to take Ramia down.

Mean while as Sasami and Rumiya go over there plans to take Ramia down,
Ryo-Ohki and Misao have a conversation of there own.

Ryo-Ohki comes out of the kitchen with two cups of coffee.  He hands one to
Misao who is on the couch in the living room.  "Here you go."  Ryo-Ohki
said.  "Thank you."  Misao said.  For awhile they just stood there and drank
there coffee.  Then Misao started to talk.  "Ryo-Ohki, I know that Rumiya
has done a horrible thing to Sasami, but he is asking her for forgivenss and
now he asks me to ask you for yours.  Will you forgive him?"  Ryo-Ohki was
unsure at first, then.  "If Sasami forgives, so will I."  Ryo-Ohki said.
Misao suddenly got an evil grin on her face, while sizing up Ryo-Ohki!
"Ryo-Ohki do you think I'm pretty?"  Misao asks.  "Yes,I think your very
pretty Misao."  Ryo-Ohki said.  "Thank you Ryo-Ohki."  Just then then Sasami
and Rumiya came down the stairs.  Ryo-Ohki walks over and hugs Sasami.
While Ryo-Ohki was hugging Sasami, Misao was looking at him while licking
her lips!  She thought to herself, "Nice Butt!"

Later they all talked about what's going to happen.  "Ok, here's how it will
go.  Tomorrow we will go to the Magical Kingdom and confront Ramia and
Tsunami and tell then to end the fighting."  Sasami said.  Misao had a
problem.  "That's all good, but we will have to stay toghter tonight if were
going to be able to start right away.  So how about all of you stay at my
house for the night?"  Misao said.  "Sounds good to me."  Ryo-Ohki said.
"Sure I'm in."  Sasami said.  "You know I will Misao."  Rumiya said.  "Then
its seteled, Sasami can tell her mom that she will be sleeping over at my
house and then in the morning we can go to the Magical Kingdom."  Misao
said with an evil grin!

Lter that night Ryo-Ohki, in cabbit form and Sasami arrived at Misao's
house.  "Hi, I'm happy you two came."  Ryo-Ohki Changed to his human form.
"So where are we going to sleep?"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Misao lead them to the
guest room.  "You two can stay here.  This room is sound proof so you can be
as loud as you want and no one will hear you!  Well good night."  As Misao
left, Ryo-Ohki and Sasami looked at each other in a sexy way, then rushed to
take off there clothes!

Later that night, Sasami slipped out of bed, put on a bra and a pair of
panties.  She went into the living room to think.  Then Misao came into the
living room dressed only in a white night shirt.  "I guess you must of had
some great sex with Ryo-Ohki, huh?"  Sasami was surprised by Misao's words.
"Why would you say that?"  "Because I come out here too after me and Rumiya
have some good sex!  So can you and Rumiya be friends?"  Misao aks.  Sasami
looked unsure for a moment.  "Yes, we can be friends.  I can never forgive
him for what he did to me, but we can be friends."  Sasami said.  Misao was
happy.  Just then she got a very twisted idea.  "Say, let you and me have a
liitle fun togther."  What do you want to do?"  Sasam asked.  "Lets fuck
each others!  You and me We can have a little oral sex!  We can do it on the
couch, so no one can bother us!"  Misao said.  Sasami was unsure at first,
then.  "Ok I'll do it!"  Sasami said.

Misao sat o the couch and removed her night shirt, to revail her now naked
body to her friend.  She then speard her legs wide apart!  Sasami's eyes
grew large as she saw the young pussy of her friend!  "You look hungery, go
ahead and have a late night snack!  Help yourself!"  Misao said with a
grin.  With that Sasami started to lick away at Misao's sweet pussy!  Sasami
licked hard and fast.  "OOOHHH YES.  lick it Sasami, make me come!"  Sasami
now starts to dig her tonge deep into her.  It only takes two minutes to
make Misao cm in Sasami's face.  "Yummy.  You taste good Misao.  Not as good
as Ryo-Ohki, but still good."  Sasami said with cum in her mouth.
"Really?"  Misao asked.  "Ya."  Just then Sasami got an even more twisted
idea.  "Hey, why don't you come with me and we to the guest room and then we
can have some real fun, with Ryo-Ohki!"

Sasami slowly opens the door to the guest room.  She peeks her head in and
looks at Ryo-Oki.  "Good he's still asleep."  Sasami said.  "But won't he
wake up as we take off his clothes?"  Misao asked.  "No he won't.  He's not
wearing any clothes.  We did it really good, hell my pussy is still sore
from him ramming his dick into me.  Not to mention the soreness of my ass!"
Sasami said.  "You mean he fucks you in the ass!"  Misao asked with
surprise.  "Yes, many times.  I'm even starting to like it!"  Sasami said
with a smile.  "I wonder if Rumiya would do that to me?"  Misao wondered.

The two girls slowly walked over to the bed.  When they got there Sasami
slowly removed the blanket.  Misao was stunned at what she saw.  "Oh my, I
never imagined tha his cock was that big!  He just as big as Rumiya, maybe
even more so!"  Misao said.  "Well lets get started, you know what to do."
Sasami said.  Then both girls got down on there knees and started to lick
away at Ryo-Ohki's mighty oak!  Misao noticed a stickness on his cock, most
likly cum from him and Sasami's sex feast an hour ago.  The girls licked up
and down, the licked around his cock, and they even took turns licking the
top of his cock.  Ryo-Ohki started to moan his moans got louder and louder,
until he woke up from the pleasure.  He lifted his head up to see what was
making him fell so good.  What he saw shocked him!  "SASAMI, MISAO!  WHAT
ARE YOU TWO DOING!"  Ryo-Ohki yelled.  The only answer he got was of Sasami
pushing him back down on the bed.  "You just lie there and don't move
Ryo-Ohki.  If you move we will stop what were doing.  You don't wan use to
stop do you?"  Ryo-Ohki didn't need to think about that answer.  "Ok, I'm
sorry I moved.  I won't move again.  I'll be a good boy!"  Ryo-Ohki said as
he layed back down and let the grils have there fun!

It took just three more minutes to make Ryo-Ohki come!  Both girls took
turns sucking up his cum.  "Ok that's enought Misao, Ryo-Ohki and I have to
have a quick talk.  Then we can decide what we will do with you next?"
Sasami takes her naked friend by the hand and tells her to sit on a chair
till she tells her she can get up.

While Misao waits in the chair, she can see Sasami and Ryo-Ohki talking very
intensivly about something.  After about a minute or two Sasami and Ryo-Ohki
come to a decision.  Sasami walks over to Misao.  "Ok Misao you can get up
now."  Misao gets up.  "So what do you want me to do?"  Misao asks.  "Your a
very lucky girl, you get to be fucked by Ryo-Ohki!"  Sasami said.  Misao
stumbled back at the sound of that.  "Your kidding, right?"  Misao asked.
Ryo-Ohki shock his head.  "No Misao, she's not.  I will lie on the bed and
Sasami will sit down on top of of my face and I will lick her pussy!  While
you get to ride my cock to your hearst content.  And I know your interested
to see how good I compare to Rumiya!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Misao's face turned
bright red!  "I..I'm not sure?"  Misao said in a low voice.  Sasami give
Misao a hug to relax her.  "Misao, if you want I can face you when I get my
oral from Ryo-Ohki so we can play with each others tits.  Will that make you
feel better?"  Sasami asked.  "Well, ok.  I am interested to know how it
would feel to be fucked by Ryo-Ohki, just to know if he's as good as m
Rumiya!"  Misao said with a smile.  Sasami gave her a kiss on her forhead.
"Good girl.  Now lets get started."

Ryo-Ohki lies down on the bed as Sasami lies her pussy right above his
mouth.  Misao the steadies her pussy on top of Ryo-Ohki's cock!  "Ok, let do
it!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Then Misao lowered herself on to Ryo-Ohki's dick!  "Oh
Ryo-Ohki, your so big!"  Misao said.  Ryo-Ohki was a little busy with
licking Sasami's pussy.  While Ryo-Ohki was busy with Sasami, Misao, sitll
riding Ryo-Ohki, was kissing Sasami and playing with her breasts!  Sasami
was doing the same.  This went on for about 20 minutes with each one of them
cumming at diffrent times.  They were all loving it until the door opened
and a tried Rumiya walked in!

He was very tired, he was rubbing his eyes so he could adjust to the light
in the room.  "Sasami, Ryo-Ohki.  I'm sorry to have to bother you, but have
any of you seen Misao?"  He finally got his eyes focused.  Then he wished he
hadn't.  "MISAO!  WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU THREE DOING!  RYO-OHKI YOU GET THE
HELL AWAY FROM MISAO RIGHT NOW OR I'LL..."  "NO!"  Rumiya was suddenly cut
off mid sentce by a angery Misao!  "You will do nothing!"  Misao said.
Rumiya was completely suprised!  "WHAT!"  Rumiya said.  "Tell me Rumiya is
this any diffrent then you fucking Sasami then just leaving her for me, just
like I'm doing with Ryo-Ohki?  Tell me how does it feel to see me with
Ryo-Ohki?  Its the same feeling you made Sasami feel.  So does it hurt
you?"  Misao said.  Rumiya looks with sad eyes.  "Yes it hurts me.  Are you
leaving me Misao is that it?  Do you not love me anymore?  If that's true I
will leave and never come back."  Rumiya said with tears in his eyes, very
near crying.  Misao smiled.  "You silly boy.  No, I do love you with all my
heart.  I just wanted to teach you a lessen, to know what it feels like to
leave the ones you love and you have learned that lessen.  Now why don't you
come over here and join us?"  Rumiya was more then happy to do that, but he
had a problem.  "Where and who do I get to fuck?  Both of your pussy are
taken?"  Rumiya said.  Misao puts he hands behind her and opens her butt
checks!  "You can come in right here!"  Misao said with a big smile.  Rumiya
was not sure.  "Won't I hurt you?  I mean, that looks like it will hurt?"
Rumiya said.  "Ryo-Ohki does it to Sasami when they have sex.  I'm sure it
will hurt at first, but I will get use to it.  Now get to it!"  Misao
demanded.  Rumiya walks over to Misao's butt and slides his dick in slowly.
"OWW!"  Msao cried out as Rumiya fits his whole dick in her tight little
ass!  "And I thought you pussy was tight Misao!"  Rumiya said with a grin.
Then he stared to pump her.  Then everyone else started to move again.  With
Ryo-Ohki licking and finger Sasami, Misao riding Ryo-Ohki, Sasami playing
with Misao's tits and kissing her, and Rumiya ass fucking Misao!  It was
like a wild orgie!

Time seemed to slow down as they all came at diffrent times.  A hour or so
pasted by, then it was over.  "Wow, look at the time.  Its 2 am!  I guess we
will go to the Magical Kingdom in the afternoon.  I think we all need to
sleep in."  Rumiyasaid.  He got no argument for the others.  Misao and
Rumiya said good night and left the guest room.  Sasami lies next to
Ryo-Ohki and gives him a kiss on the check.  "What was that for?"  Ryo-Ohki
asks.  "Its a secret?"

To be contiued!
---------------------------------------------------------------

Well my loyal fans and you to Ksa and your MST loser's.  Except you Rei my
love! ^_^

I chose to add more dialoge to this one, and more sex.  I hope you liked
it.  That foursome scene was not easy to write.

Just one more chapter to go till the end, maybe! ^_^

Here's what you can expect next: Sammys Little Secret 5: Secrets No More -
In this one it all ends.  The war between Tsunami and Ramia, Sasami and
Misao tell there families about everything (I mean EVERYTHING!), and you
will finds out what Sasami ment when she said "Its a secret?"

Till then my friends.

Tank Cop ^_~
