Disclaimer: You know the drill.  AIC and Pioneer made Tenchi Muyo Bla, Bla, Bla!

Man that was a waste of time.

Now I have to tell you little kids out there not to read my fic because your not 
18 yet...Ah what the Hell its America.  Go ahead and read it.  You have to learn 
sometime.

Time Note: This takes please one day after Sammy Little Secret 1.

by Tank Cop ^_^

Sammys Little Secret 3: For The Love of Misao
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Misao is walking home from school as usual.  But on this day her friend Sasami 
is not with her.  "I sure hope Sasami gets better soon.  I hate it when she's 
sick."  Misao is unaware that Sasami is not sick, she just very tired.  (we know 
why don't we. ^_^)

As she gets closer to home the weather gets much colder and the clouds start to 
get darker.  "Looks like a storms on the way."  Misao said in her usual low and 
sad voice.

She had just arrived home when it started to rain.  As she walked down the 
hallway she saw a message on her answering machine.  She turned it on to hear 
her mother.  "Hi Honny.  I'm not going to be home till really late tonight, 
sorry.  There's a T.V. dinner in the frig for you.  Don't forget to do your 
homework.  I love you, good bye."  Misao stood there for a minute in silence.

She ate her dinner, and did her homework.  Then it was time to take a bath.  She 
pulls off her school shirt.  Then slides off her skirt.  She stands there in her 
underwear.  She was about to take them off when she heard a tapping coming from 
out side her window.  She goes over the window, opens it, and see a familiar 
face.  "Pretty bird!  Hello birdy.  Do you have a song to sing to me?"  Misao 
said with a smile.

Rumiya sits on the window ledge and starts to sing a sweet song. (sing a song 
you like to get the idea)  Misao is very taken by the song and puts her arm out 
and lets Rumiya sit on it.  "You want to come in birdy?"  Misao asks.  Rumiya 
nods his head.  "Ok.  Poor birdy out in the cold rain.  Come inside where its 
nice and warm."  Misao takes him in the house.  "I have to take a bath now 
birdy, do you want to come in and sing while I'm in the tub?"  Rumiya was over 
joyed.  He nodded his head, yes.

Misao walks into the bathroom with Rumiya still on her arm.  Ok birdy you go sit 
over there on the end of the tub where you can see me and I can see you."  
Rumiya was more then happy to do it.  He flys over to the end of the tub and 
watchs as Misao get out of her underwear!  He watchs as she unhooks her bra.  
Rmuiya's eyes widen as Misao's bra fall on the floor!  Her breasts are very 
nicely shaped, firm, with bright pink nipples!  Then she proceeded to take off 
her panties!  Rumiya was over taken by the excitement.  "What is it birdy?  You 
want some food?  I'll get you something after my bath, ok?"  She then slides off 
her panties!  Rumiya's little bird nose nearly bleeds at the site of her young, 
yet wet, pussy!

She then turns the waer on.  After it get fills up with warm water she gets in.  
"AAAHHH, this is so soothing!"  Misao says.  Rumiya was too occupied to hear 
her.  He was more taken looking at her young body soaking in the tub.  The steam 
rising, the water dripping from her breasts.  It was too much.  He couldn't take 
much more, he was going to explode!  "Birdy why aren't you singing?  If there's 
anything else you want to do you can do it."  Misao said.  That was all Rumiya 
need to hear.  He took that time to change into a boy!

Misao was scared!  "OH MY GOD!  NO YOU KEEP AWAY FROM ME YOU PEVERT!  I'M NOT 
GOING TO LET YOU RAPE ME!"  She ran naked out of the bathroom.  Rumiya ran after 
her.  She ran to her room and was just about to shut the door when Rumiya 
grabbed her and shut the door behind him.  He took of both Misao's arms and held 
her tight.  "please Misao lissen to me.  I'm not going to rape you.  I just want 
to give you something?"  Rumiya tells her.  But Misao scared out of mind dosen't 
lissen.  " NO, LET ME GO, HHHEEELLLPPP!  PLEASE DON'T RAPE ME!  I'LL GIVE YOU 
ANYTHING, JUST DON'T RAPE ME!"  Rumiya then give Misao what he came to give her.  
A opened mouth kiss!

But it was not just any kiss, but a Magic Kiss!  As Rumiya kiss Misao her entire 
body was covered with a bright blue energy.  It was so bright it lite up the 
whole house!  The magic was doing more inside then outside.  Misao and Misao 
were becoming one.  One mind, one body, one soul.  All that was Misa was 
becoming Misao.  Then it was over after a minute.  But to Misao it seemed like 
forever.  Rumiya stopped kissing her and back away.

Misao looked at Rumiya for a moment.  "I..I know you.  Your Rumiya."  Rumiya 
nodded.  Yes, so you do have all of Misa's memorys.  You aslo have all her 
powers.  You are also free of my sister Ramia's power over your mind."  Misao 
look at him with joy.  "You mean I'm free!"  "Yes you are."  Rumiya replyed.  
"Now I have to go.  Me and Sammy are going to stop my sister and end this 
stupied war.  Well good bye Misao."  Just as Rumiya is about to leave Misao 
grabes him by the arm.  "Wait.  Please I need you to do something for me?"  
Misao asks.  Rumiya looks at her.  "What do you want me to do?"  Rumiya asks.  
"Make Love to me!"  Misao asks.

Rumiya is stunned.  "Look Misao I know this is a stange new world your 
experiencing but I can't make love to you if this is just some old feeling of 
Misa's and not yours."  Rumiya said.  Misao walks over to Rumiya and gives him a 
hug.  "Misa is one with me now.  Her feeling are mine, but I'm in control of my 
own thoughts and my thoughts say to do it and do it good!"  Rumiya then moves 
his hands down to Misao's butt and starts to rub it!  "Misao if this is what you 
want you I'll do it, you see I have alway loved you.  I love you even more then 
I could ever love anyone.  Not even Sammy comes close to you.  But if I do make 
love to you I will be taking a very importanting from you, your verginity."  
Misao looks Rumiya in the eyes.  "Yes I know.  But if I'm going to give it to 
anyone, then I will give it to you.  The one I love."

Rumiya then kisses Misao again Misao again.  All the while Rumiya's hands are 
still holding Misao's ass!  Rumiya then stops kissing her, picks her up and 
carrys her to the bed.  Where he proceeds to take off his clothes.  atfer three 
minutes he is also naked.  Then he sits on the bed next to Misao.  "Now Misao 
I'm going to teach you so forpaly before we have sex.  First off I'm going to 
spank you!  I know how that sounds but I will not use anything but my hand and I 
will only hit you ten times.  Now come on get over my lap."  At first Misao was 
very shy and didn't want to.  Then she took a deep breath and layed over 
Rumiya's lap.  As she lad there she could feel his dick poking at her gut.  It 
made her want it inside of her even more.  Rumiya then layed his hand on her 
back to hold her in plase and stard to spank her.  *SPANK* "Your a dirty *SPANK* 
little slut *SPANK* Misao!  When I say *SPANK* to do something *SPANK* you will 
*SPANK* do it, understand!"  Misao nods her head as she holds the tears back.  
Rumiya gives Misao for more hard spanks.  *SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK*  Then he 
lets Misao off his lap.  "How did that make you feel Misao.  Did it feel sexy."  
Rumiya asked.  "Yes it did.  Do it again!"  Misao asked.  "Maybe later."  Rumiya 
answered.  "Time to move on to the next thing."

He then runs his hands over her chest and the takes hold of her tits.  He twists 
then and pulls on them.  "OOOOOOOWWWWWW!  Rumiya it hurt!"  Misao begs.  "I know 
Misao but it will feel good soon."  He the opened his mouth and started to suck 
on her right breast.  He countuied this until Misao asked a favor of him.  
"Rumiya can you please bite my nipple.  Make it hurt alot!"  Rumiya gave a 
smile.  "Of course I will do it."  Rumiya replyed.  He proceded to bite down 
hard on her right nipple while tiwisting and pulling on the lift one with his 
hand!  "OOOOOHHHHH YYYYYEEEEEESSSS!"  Misao moaned.  Then Rumiya still holding 
the nipple with his teeth pulled on her breast as far as it could go, and then 
let go.  "AAAAAAAHHHHHHH"  Misao was over take with pleasure!

Five minutes later. Rumiya moved to Misao's pussy.  "My your a fast one aren't 
you?"  Misao said.  "I'm not going to fuck you yet.  I'm just going to finger 
fuck you first!  It will feel good!"  With that Rumiya put two fingers into her 
little love box!  Moving the fingers in and out!  Going faster and faster.  
Later on her shoves two more finger from his other hand into her hole.  Then the 
opens her pussy as wide as it can go, even a little to far!  
"OOOOOOOOWWWWWWWEEEEE!  STOP YOUR STRETCHING IT TO FAR!"  Misao cries.  "relax 
Misao, it I will make you feel good in a second."  Rumiya then lowers his head 
to the opening and start to like her pussy.  Misao is so taken by this that it 
only takes a minute for her to cum!  "OH GOD YES!"  She screams as a flood of 
cum comes pouring into Rumiya's face and mouth.  Rumiya likes up as much as he 
can.  "Now that a good girl.  Is that the fisrt time you have ever cum?"  Rumiya 
asks.  "Yes it is.  Can you make me cum again?"  Misao asks.  Rumiya with cum on 
his face is now showing an evil grin.  "What say we get right down to it.  Its 
time for me to fuck you!"

"Ok Misao, I'm going to take your viriganty now, it will hurt, are you ready?"  
Rumiya asks.  "Yes."  Misao says.  Rumiya then lies on top of Misao and slowly 
slides his penis into Misao's wet pussy!  "OH RUMIYA!"  Misao cries.  Then 
Rmuiya fits his whole penis in her pussy!  The he starts to move in and out, 
gong up and down on her.  Moving faster and faster!  Rumiya fucks Misao for a 
good ten minutes!  He had been very carful not to break her hymen yet.  But noe 
it was time.  "Does is fell good Misao?  Beg if you want me to make you cum 
again  If you want me to take your viriganty!"  Rumiya tells Misao.  Misao being 
half way to an orgasm already, starts to beg.  "Please make me cum Rumiya!  
Please I want you to take my womanhood.  To make me yours.  I want to cum inside 
of you and I want you to cum inside of me!"  Misao begged with tears in her 
eyes.  "Ok Misao here I go!"  With that he thrusted his dick throw her hymen!  
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHH"  Misao screamed in pain!  As they contiuned a stream of blood 
and cum leaked out of Misao pussy and down her legs.

"Rumiya...I'm going to cum!"  Misao saind as she came.  Cum was seeping out the 
sides of her pussy.  "Where not done yet Misao.  I still have to cum!"  
Rumiyasaid.  It took just five more minutes of fucking to make Rumiya cum.

Then it was over.

"Rumiya that was the most greats experinece of my life.  Thank you."  Misao 
said.  Rumiya then removed his penis and lies next to Misao in bed.  "Rumiya I 
want you to promise me that when I wake up in the moring that you will still be 
here in this bed with me."  Misao asks.  "Oh I will Miso, I promise."  Rumiya 
answers.  "And promise too that you will stay with me and never ever leave me."  
Misao asks.  "I promise I will never leave you.  I will never leave the girl 
that I love with all my heart ans soul."

END!  (for now! ^_^)
---------------------------------------------------
I would just like to say somthing rith now on whyI made a Pretty Sammy Lemon 
series.  I never planed on making this story into a series.  I ment it to be a 
one shot deal.  But after seeing my work MSTed (and that you for that 
Ksawarrior) and the two MISAO awards I got, not to metion all the fan letters 
(yes I got fan letters) made me think why not do a Series.  So I did.  And 
that's how it all started.  Well mainly because of Ksawarrior's MST's.

Here's a preview of the next fic.  That I call.  Sammys Little Secret 4: More 
Then Just Friends.  In the next episode.  The four of them Ryo-Ohki, Misao, 
Sasami, and Rumiya will meet to and talk about what to do about Ramia.  There 
will also be a Lez sceen between Misao and Sasami! ^_^

Util then.

"May The Hentai Force Be With You!"

Tank Cop ^_~
 
