Disclaimer: This is my story, AIC and Pioneers charters.  No need to sue
little old me.  I'm just a writer.  You know the poor and desperate type.

Note: In this reality Ryo-Ohki is a boy, not a girl.

This is a Sasami lemon.  My second.  So if you read the last one, you sure
as
Hell don't want to read this one!  No one under 18 may enter.

by Tank Cop (or Hentai King Tank Cop, if you wish)

Sammys Little Secret 2: Cabbit Love
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Its late in the night at the house of the Magical Girl Pretty Sammy.
Ryo-Ohki is in the kitchen finishing his dinner of carrots, when he hears
crying coming from up stairs.  "WAAAH!"  Ryo-Ohki goes up stairs to find out
where the crying is coming from.  "WAAAAH!"  When Ryo-Ohki gets to the top
of
the stairs he hears the crying coming from Sasami's room.  "WAAAH!"  He goes
into the room and see's Sasami hugging a pillow and crying into it.
Ryo-Ohki
hated to see Sasami all sad.  "What's wrong Sasami, why are you crying?
Please tell me."  Ryo-Ohki asks.  Sasami stops crying to tell Ryo-Ohki why
she's crying.  "It's Rumiya *SNIF* he's been gone for two days!  *SNIF* He
told me he was just going to get some of his things from the Magical Kingdom
*SNIF* and be right back.  He said *SNIF* that it would only take him four
hours!  *SNIF* He used me, he used me for sex *SNIF* then just left.  Why
did
he use me, he said he loved me."  Sasami starts to cry again.  "WAAAH!"

Ryo-Ohki try's to calm Sasami down.  "Sasami, Rumiya does love you.  Just
the
same way I love you!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Sasami stops crying and looks at the
little Cabbit in shock.  "Ryo-Ohki do you love me like...in the...love/sex
way?"  Sasami asks.  Ryo-Ohki is speechless!  ".............."

Ryo-Ohki has a flashback!  A month before Sasami and Rumiya had sex.
Ryo-Ohki sneaked into the bathroom to take a look at Sasami in the shower!
He hops on top of a metal bar above the shower, he can see everything!  He
speaks to himself in a very low tone.  "WOW!  I didn't know her breasts were
that big!  Look at those gorgeous tits, that firm ass, and that yummy
pussy!"
 Ryo-Ohki was so turned on his little dick grew and he got a nose bleed!

Ryo-Ohki has one more flashback.  This time it was the day before Sasami and
Rumiya had sex.  He was hiding in a pile of toys, watching Sasami
masturbate!
 This was a very big turn on for the little Cabbit.  It was so intence the
he
also masturbated!

Ryo-Ohki answered Sasami's question.  "Yes Sasami.  I love you in a love/sex
way!  How about you?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.  Sasami stopped to think about her
decision.  "Yes, I also love you in a love/sex way."  Sasami answered.
Ryo-Ohki looks happy, then turns to leave.  "Well, good night Sasami.  I'm
happy you've stopped crying.  I'm sure Rumiya will come back soon.  Good
night."  Ryo-Ohki said.

Sasami stops him before he can leave.  "Ryo-Ohki can you do me a favor?"
Sasami asks.  "What do you want me to do?"  Ryo-Ohki asks.  Sasami unzips
her
shorts, then pulls her shorts and blue panties off!  She then lays on the
bed
with her legs spread apart.  "I want you to lick my pussy!"  Sasami asked.
Ryo-Ohki couldn't believe what he was hearing.  This is the moment he was
praying would come for a long time.  "Are you sure Sasami, I mean what about
Rumiya?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.  "He left me Ryo-Ohki.  I don't need him.  I have
you!  Now come over here and lick my pussy.  Lick it gently!"  ^_^

Ryo-Ohki hops on the bed and moves towards Sasami's pussy.  Ryo-Ohki sit
down
right in front of Sasami's pussy and starts to lick her pussy.  He licks up
and down.  "Ryo-Ohki your so good at this!"  Sasami says.  Ryo-Ohki
continues
to do this for a few minutes.  Then Ryo-Ohki gets bold and sticks his whole
tongue inside her pussy!  This drives Sasami over the edge!  "Oh Ryo-Ohki!
YES, YES, YYYYYEEEEESSSSS!"  Sasami crys out as the young girl cums right in
Ryo-Ohki's face!  "Oh Ryo-Ohki...I'm sorry!  Here let me clean you off."
Sasami said.  Sasami picks him up and licks all the cum off his face.

She puts him down and says her good night.  "Thanks alot Ryo-Ohki.  I just
wish you were a human boy, then we could have so real sex together!"  Sasami
said.  Ryo-Ohki then got a big grin on his little face!  ^_^  "Sasami I have
to tell you something.  You remember when we were at the beach fighting that
alien and you were hurt."  Ryo-Ohki asks.  "Yes I do remember."  Sasami
answered.  "Well, you remember the boy that gave you the magic kiss.  That
boy is me!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Sasami looked a little surprised, but not very
much. She thought it might have been him but she was never sure until now.
"So we can have sex!"  Sasami asked.  "If you want to."  Ryo-Ohki answered.
"I want to.  I want you.  I want you and me to have sex together right here,
right now!"  Sasami said with a look of joy.

There is a sudden burst of white light as Ryo-Ohki transforms to his human
form.  Unlike the last time he transformed, in which he was wearing cloths.
This time he is completely naked!  Sasami stares at the naked Ryo-Ohki with
a
look of surprise.  "Ryo-Ohki!  Oh my goodness.  I never thought that your
dick would be that big!  Will it be able to fit in me, I mean it's so big!"
Sasami asked.  Ryo-Ohki laughed.  "Ha, ha, ha!  Don't worry it will fit.
But
I have just one question before we start?"  Ryo-Ohki said.  "What's your
question?"  Sasami asked.  "Did Rumiya break your hymen?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.
Sasami nods her head.  "Y,Yes.  Rumiya broke my hymen when we first had sex.
So it won't hurt that much when you go into me Ryo-Ohki.  I can take the
pain.  Its only momentary pain anyway."  Sasami said.  "That's all I wanted
to know.  So lets get started!"

Ryo-Ohki starts to take off Sasami's shirt.  He finally gets it off and see
that she is not wearing a bra!  "There just as good looking as I remember
them!"  Ryo-Ohki says looking at Sasami's well shaped, and quite big for her
age breasts!  "What did you say Ryo-Ohki?"  Sasami ask.  "oh nothing
important!"  Ryo-Ohki said to the now naked Sasami.  Ryo-Ohki then starts to
suck on Sasami's left breast!  He sucks as hard as he could.  Until he
decides to bit on her nipple!  "OWWW!  Ryo-Ohki that feels good, but not so
hard next time!"  Sasami said.  "Sorry Sasami."  Ryo-Ohki answered.

Ryo-Ohki then kiss Sasami, while taking hold of her left breast and
squeezing
it.  He then takes hold of her other breast and mashes it.  After five
minutes of this Sasami moves her head down to Ryo-Ohki's dick and starts to
suck on it!  "Sasami!  Your amazing.  This feels great!"  Ryo-Ohki said.
She
continues to suck his dick until...  "Sasami!  I'm going to cum!"  Ryo-Ohki
cums right in Sasami's mouth.  "That was good!  Thanks Ryo-Ohki!"  Sasami
said licking the cum off her lip.

"I want you to turn over Sasami!  So I can come in threw your back door!"
Ryo-Ohki ordered.  "Y,You want to ass fuck me!"  Sasami asked.  "Yes.  Is
that ok with you?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.  "Yes its ok.  Just go in slowly and be
gentle."  Sasami said.  Sasami got on her hands and knees.  She then relaxes
her ass for Ryo-Ohki's dick to come in!  "I'm ready!"  Sasami said.
Ryo-Ohki
puts his dick at the tip of Sasami's asshole.  Then he slides it in, slow at
first then all at once!  The pain hit Sasami hard.  "OWE, OWE!"  Sasami crys
out in pain.  "Sasami are you ok?  I'm so sorry.  Do you want me to come
out?"  Ryo-Ohki says in a worried voice.  "No.  I'll be ok.  Keep going!"
Sasami said.  Ryo-Ohki moves his hips back and forth.  Getting a good rhythm
going.  "God your tight Sasami!"  Ryo-Ohki says.  "Thank you Ryo-Ohki!"
Sasami said.  They continue for seven minutes until...  "OH GOD RYO-OHKI
YESSSSSSSSSS!"  Sasami crys out.  "SASAMI I'M...I'M...YESSSSSSSS!"  Ryo-Ohki
crys out.  As they both cum at once!  Ryo-Ohki the pulls his dick out of
Sasami's ass.

"Hey Ryo-Ohki got some cum left for one last thing?"  Sasami asks.  "You bet
I do.  And I know just what you want."  Ryo-Ohki said.

Then it was time for the final act!

"Lay down Sasami, I'm going to fuck you now!  An make both our dreams come
true!"  Ryo-Ohki said.  Sasami lays down and gets into position.  "I'm
ready.
 Lets make some magic!"  Sasami said with a giggle.  Ryo-Ohki lowers his
dick
to the top of Sasami's pussy.  Then he enters her!  Sasami give a little
whine.  "OWW!"  But the feeling of pleasure out weights the feeling of pain.
Then Ryo-Ohki finally manages to get his whole dick in her!  "Your not as
tight in here as I thought, but you did have sex with Rumiya so..."
Ryo-Ohki
is stopped mid sentence by Sasami's hand on his mouth.  "Ryo-Ohki.  Just
shut
up and fuck me!"  Sasami orders.  Ryo-Ohki does as he's told.  He starts to
move up and down, pushing harder, and harder into Sasami.  "GOD THIS FEELS
SO
GOOD, DON'T STOP!  PLEASE DON'T STOP!"  Sasami crys out.  Ryo-Ohki then
grabbed Sasami's breasts with both hands and squeezed them, as he continued
to ride Sasami!  After ten long and intense minutes.  "I'M GOING TO CUM
SASAMI ARE YOU READY!"  Ryo-Ohki asked.  "YES.  I'M ABOUT TO CUM AS WELL,
LET
DO TI ON THE TOGETHER ON THREE.  READY!  ONE, TWO, THREEEEEEE!"  They both
come at the same time in a cry of pure pleasure!  "AAAAARRRRRHHHHH!"  Then
it
was over.

Ryo-Ohki pulls out of Sasami and lays next to her.  Both of them are
existed.
 "So was *HUFF* I better?"  Ryo-Ohki asks.  "What *WUZZ* do you *HUFF* mean
better?"  Sasami asked. "Better then *HUFF* Rumiya.  Am I better *WUZZ* then
Rumiya!  Ryo-Ohki asked.  Sasami gets a very horny idea.  "Well, I don't
*WUZZ* know.  Lets rest a while, then after *HUFF* we can do it again, then
I'll give you my answer!"  Sasami said with an evil grin!  ^_^  "Sounds good
*HUFF* to me!"  Ryo-Ohki said with a smile.  ^_^

The End (for now???????)
--------------------------------------------------

You all must hate me for what I do to Sasami.  But you know what, I don't
give a damn hat you think about me!

Don't worry this is not the last Sasami/Sammy lemon series, not by a long
shot!  I have already made plans for the next one.  I call it:

"Sammys Little Secret 3: For The Love of Misa"

In the next story we will out why Rumiya didn't come back.  Let's just say
that Rumiya and Misa make a good pair!  ^_^

Until then.  Good bye!