
Sorry about the slightly jumping formatting at times...

PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters/Misato Katsuragi Fanfic

"Surreptitious Encounters"
A Tenchi Muyo! / Evangelion Lemon Crossover

Part One:  Moving Forward
Disclaimer:  This part contains no actual lemon scenes


"We'd saved the present, we'd saved the past, it was only the logical
next step." - Hakubi Washuu

-------------------------------

	"Washuu-chan!"  Tenchi cried, stepping the meter that separated
light years between Earth and Washuu's laboratory.  He looked around the
vast room that housed thousands of machines, all utterly unrecognizable
to the young man.  There was always something blinking or churning in
the seemingly infinite realm of the self-proclaimed greatest genius in
the Universe.

	Said genius stepped out on a hole in space across the room from
Tenchi.  He almost started, only being saved by his familiarity to such
happenings.  "Washuu-chan."  He repeated to the red haired scientist. 
	She stared at him a moment with her piercing green eyes.  Then, she
turned to a device behind her.  She called out in a commanding voice
that belied her physical appearance, which is that of a ten year old.
"Come here.  I have created something that may be of interest to you."
She said.

	Tenchi, curiosity getting a rare upper hand, traversed the lab to
see what was up.  He came to stand next to the diminutive woman.  "What
is it Washuu-chan?"  He asked, trying to figure out the mass of metal and
wires in front of him.

	"Don't you know anything?"  She asked, though not in an impatient
voice.  It was oddly soft for her, especially considering her usual pep
when talking about her inventions.  "It is a quasi-molecular phase
transporter." 

	"Layman's terms."  Tenchi replied, used to Washuu's way of speaking,
but still unable to decipher its meaning.

	"Time Machine."  She explained simply.

	Why she didn't just say that in the first place was beyond Tenchi.
Washuu works in mysterious ways, much to the constant chagrin of the
Masaki household.  "So, what exactly am I supposed to be interested in
it for?"

	This actually seemed to bring Washuu up a bit short.  "Um, actually,
I'm not quite sure."  She looked up at him with wide eyes.  "I have no
recollection of why I built this."  She stared at her creation again and
lowered her voice to almost a whisper.  "Seemed like the right thing to
do at the time."

	As Tenchi was trying to figure out what to say next, a burst of
light flashed forth from the time machine.  He was caught totally
unaware by the sudden illumination.  He covered his eyes instinctively. 

	When he moved his arm from in front of his face, he was no longer
in Washuu's lab.  In fact, he was nowhere near it.  He was most
definitely back on Earth, from the look of things.  Unfortunately, he
had no clue as to where on his home planet he was located.  Maybe it was
New York, or something?  He scanned the area, noting the odd lack of
people. 

	Then, his eyes fell on two familiar kanji.  What they were attached
to made the familiar almost totally alien to him.  "Tokyo 3?"  He said
out loud in confusion.  He hadn't realized there was a second Tokyo.
Needless to say, Tenchi became even more lost than he already was.

---------------------------------------

	Washuu woke up, a splitting headache wracking her brain.  Fingers to
her temples, she tried to massage away the pain.  Meeting with mixed
success, she looked around herself.  She seemed to be in a bunker of
some sort.  It was very cold in the small shed, her breath was
coalescing in front of her in small cloud-like puffs.  She pondered her
situation for a second, then went to the small window set into the wall
across from her. 

	She glanced out of the aperture with a speculative look.  She
seemed to be in the arctic, judging from the local terrain.  As she took
in the landscape, she figured herself to be in Antarctica.  Across the
frozen tundra lay a building.  It was very far away, only the clear air
and flat ground allowing Washuu to see it at all.  As it was, it barely
peeked over the horizon.      

	Before she could turn away to contemplate
her situation more, another blinding glare filled her vision.  For a
moment, she thought she might be automatically returning to her lab.
However, after a second, she began to feel a light rumbling from the
ground below her feet.  The light dissipated, leaving a towering pillar
of fire where the building once was.  Whatever they had been working on
there had obviously been screwed up, she thought.  All concept of
everything was wiped from Washuu suddenly as she saw the high energy
shockwave which was now heading toward her at an alarming rate.
Glaciers the size of mountains were shattered like icecubes under a
hammer when the wave hit them.  Washuu had no doubts of her immortality
at that moment.  Immortality?  Washuu's brow furrowed a bit as something
lost to her many millennia ago made its way to the surface of her
conscious mind. 

	In a burst of inspiration, Washuu remembered.  Not everything, but
enough.  She focused on the approaching horror, looking at it as one
might view a light gust of wind.  She blinked, and was gone.  The wave
disintegrated the shelter instantaneously, though it was as empty as it
had been for years previous to its final occupant. 

---------------------------------------

	"Tenchi!"  Ryouko's voice echoed about the gigantic inner realm of
Washuu's lab.  She stepped fully into it, scanning the area for the one
she desired the most. 

	Ayeka stumbled in behind Ryouko, her dress getting caught on
something between Earth and the laboratory.  She really didn't want to
know what it was that had caught her.  She looked about the cavernous room
with apprehension.

	When the two older girls had passed fully through, Sasami walked
in.  She was following them mostly for the lack of something better to
do.  Ryo-ohki was perched on her head in the usual fashion.  Both of them
stared in awe at the size of Washuu's main room.  Its roof was too high
to actually see, and its walls must have been miles away.  Not that they
could actually see the walls, for there was so much electronic equipment
between here and wherever they actually were.  Sasami watched the backs
of the two women in front of her.  She thought this was all silliness.
Then, she recalled the time Washuu tried to...  she blushed a bit,
squelching that thought.  Well, perhaps it was best they found Tenchi.
With that in mind, she skipped of after Ryouko and her sister.

	The two girls stopped before the huge machine that adorned the far
side of the lab.  Or, what seemed to be the far side, since the device
took up so much space.  They looked about its pocked surface, studying
the various lights, meters, and screens that were all over it.  After a
few minutes of this, they gave up and turned away.

	"Where do you think they could have gone?"  Ayeka asked
speculatively.

	Ryouko just shrugged, looking around the room again.  Her eyes fell
on Sasami, with her passenger.  "Hey, Ryo-ohki!  Find Tenchi for me!"

	"For us!"  Ayeka hastily substituted.

	Ryouko just grunted non-commitmentally, while Ryo-ohki obediently leapt
from Sasami's head.  The small furry animal sniffed the air carefully.
She meowed in pleasure as she obviously picked up the scent.  Then, she
dropped to the floor and sniffed her way over to Ryouko and Ayeka.
Confused, the cabbit stopped and made a few circles there.  Giving up,
she took on a dejected look and stared at the two girls, emitting an
apologetic meow. 

	"This is where the trail ends?"  Ryouko asked incredulously.
	Another meow, this time accompanied by a nod.  This was most
definitely the place.

	"Okay, so where did they go from here?"  Ayeka asked, getting
rather frustrated.

	"Don't look at me Princess, your guess is as good as mine."  Ryouko
replied.

	Then, a blinding light burst forth from the odd machine behind
them.  Like Washuu and Tenchi previously, everyone in the room vanished
very suddenly and without any noise at all.  The lab, and consequently,
the house 'attached' to it, were now entirely empty.  Noboyuki being at
work, and Yoshou at a convention in Kyoto, they had no idea what was
going on.

---------------------------------------

	"Maita, ne!" I curse aloud, and to no-one but myself. I look at the
small school picture again. The boy whose face is on it looks quite plain,
 but has piercing gray eyes. There's something about it, a something that
I can't see nor place, but there's something special about him.

	"Why did I have to lose him now, and in this war field?!" I make the car
swerve around a corner, and then it hits me. He's probably at the station,
trying to call his bastard of a father. But then I see him walking down the
street, far from the station.

	"For a 14 year old, he sure does have a nice a..Argh! What am I saying?
He's a kid, for God's sake!", I mumble to myself, just before I pull over
to the curb.

	"Hey, Shinji-kun!" He doesn't hear me. "Ikari Shinji-kun!!!" I honk the
horn and try not to giggle when he jumps roughly 6 feet off of the ground.

	"Come on, get in!" I open the door for him from the inside and smile my
best smile at him... the smile that Kaji Ryouji always said was the one
thing that kept him from attending classes in college. I think that there were a
few more reasons that kept him, and myself, from going to class... and none of
them were my smile.

	The boy looks at me quizzically for a second, like he had no idea who I
was. Silly kid, didn't he get my picture? And it took me so long to figure
out a sexy enough pose for it! <sigh> Men.

	There's a huge crash, and I see the Angel behind him, only about 500
meters away. A building topples to the ground, leaving a massive cloud of smoke
and dirt between the car and the Angel. The boy, without thinking, jumps into the
car and slams the door. That's funny, I think, I didn't notice the little ponytail in the
picture...

	"You had better hang on tight, Shinji-kun... This one's gonna be bumpy!" I
say to him as I take off, towards NERV. He nods at me, nervously.

	I swerve to miss the flying debris made from this Angel's attack. We get
to a somewhat safe cliff, and I stop the car. We get out of the car, and I wince
at the damage made already. I pull out a pair of binoculars. I wonder what those UN
yahoos are planning to do now, I think. I look through them, and see a new wave of UN war
planes come in, one towing a N2 bomb. "Oh, Shinji-kun.... get down!", I tackle the boy to the
ground, oblivious to the sounds of my dress ripping, or to his cry.

	The "Non-Nuclear" bomb explodes, sacrificing an entire district of
Tokyo-3, most likely for nothing. The shockwave sweeps over us, tumbling my car
(wauughh! My car!!) like a toy, across the field. The ditch that I threw Shinji 
and myself into sheltered us from most of the pelting debris. I'm on top of 
him, our legs intertwined, and my breasts heaving against his chest. I look at 
his face (Somehow, he looks a little different than in that picture. Perhaps 
it was an older one?), and wonder how he looks older than his
proposed age of 14, he looks closer to 18. He's looking away from me, most
likely ignoring the fact that my body is on top of his, and that we are so close. I can
feel the heat rising from his skin, despite the heat of the blast.

	"Ah... excuse me miss...", the boy says nervously.

	"Eh? Nani?", I reply, wondering what he could possibly say at a time like
this.

	He looks up at me, and is about to speak. I looks into his endless eyes,
and I don't really know what comes over me, but I cut him off with a kiss.
He fights for a moment, but then gives in, entwining his lips with my own. I press
against his chest with my own, and run my fingers through his hair. "But, he's ju=
st a kid!", I think to myself. I feel his growing erection against my leg, and think,
"No.. this is not just some kid..." We get interrupted by a huge smash, evidently
caused by something... big.

	We get out of the ditch, and I look to the Tokyo 3 skyline. "Masaka! Unit
 01? She'll die this way!" He looks at me like I'm crazy, but it's expected: he
knows nothing of Project Eva, but he will, and soon. Especially if this plan fails like
the N2 bomb. I notice that he's still staring at me, and I look down. My dress is almost
in shreds. I look to my car (waaaghhh! My car!!)

	"Ah!! My car! Come on, Ikari-kun, let's turn it over. We need to get
somewhere." He nods, and follows me to the car. We turn it over, surprisingly easy, and
I'm delighted mto know that it still runs. I think, "Dammit! And I still have 33 more
payments to make... and look at this dress, I really liked it, too."

	"Um, miss? I uh, didn't catch your name." So, finally he speaks.

	I turn to him and say, "Ikari-kun, I'm Katsuragi Misato, didn't you get my
letter and picture in the mail?" He shakes his head, no. "Ah well, at least you
got to me in one piece. I was worried that you might have gotten hurt in the 
attack... are you okay?" He nods to me, yes. I think, "What a strange guy, 
you think that he would talk a little more, but it's not every day that you 
see an Angel, though." I say, "Okay, Shinji-kun... we have to get to the 
geofront, hold on!"

	"Wha... geofront?!!"

--------------------------------------

	Sachiel, the third Angel, is tromping around Tokyo-3, smashing what few
buildings are still above ground, and generally making a mess.

	A small, furry animal is looking around nervously at her new surroundings,
completely alone. But wait, not completely alone! She managed to bring a
carrot with her! Ryo-ohki meows happily, running for the carrot. She stops
dead when a huge black foot stomps mercilessly on the yummy vegetable. 
All of Ryo-ohki's fur stands on end, and she growls, very pissed off

---------------------------------------

	I think, "Oh boy.. I hope that Rei can handle the Angel enough to get us
to the Commander. But, she's still injured from the last synch test.. and that
almost killed her." I look to the boy next to me, and I smile wryly. "At 
least we have you now, Shinji-kun." He's still looking at me funny, and I 
don't really wonder why, we've had a rough day so far, and this was only the beginning.

	We get halfway to NERV, with the Angel still in sight behind us. Shinji
notices the appearance of another large robot-like object. He gasps loudly, like he
recognized the huge, red, bunny-like robot. I stop the car, interested in this newcomer.

---------------------------------------

	Tenchi had touched his lips softly, musing over the odd feelings that now
permeated his being.  The beautiful woman who insisted on calling him Ikari Shinji
had kissed him. For some reason this turned him on, a lot.  Having a perfectly strange
person, with a great body he might add, just up and do something like that was something he
hadn't realized he would enjoy so much.  It excited him, made him feel... naughty, for lack
of a better term. He had never considered himself to be this way before.  However, with
Katsuragi, her name was, pressed against him, her substantial breasts heaving against his
chest, he couldn't deny the intense feeling it sent through him.  Nor the intense 
erection it gave him. 

	His thoughts were brought up short by a huge crash from the odd creature
that was devastating the future Tokyo he was now in.  It didn't take him long to
come to this conclusion.  It was fairly obvious by the decor that Washuu's machine had
sent them ahead of their time.  How far he had yet to figure out.  Whatever time 
they were in, there were these alien monsters trying to destroy it.  He looked 
back to the towering monstrosity, making sure it was keeping its distance.  
He wished he had Tenchi-ken.  While it may not have done much good against 
that thing out there, it always felt better to have it with him.  What he saw out
the rear window made him gasp.

	Ryo-ohki, in mecha form, was battling the alien hand to hand.
Unfortunately, it seemed that the angry cabbit was not faring well.
Katsuragi had screeched to a halt upon seeing Ryo-ohki, obviously not 
prepared to see something like her at all.  Tenchi
couldn't blame her, he was shocked the first time he saw it too.

	Both occupants of the beat up car leapt out, still staring at the strange
phenomenon. Tenchi was beginning to worry about Ryo-ohki, when suddenly, she
disappeared.  This time it was Katsuragi's turn to gasp, Tenchi could hear it 
quite clearly in the sudden silence.  However, Tenchi knew better.  He could 
just make out the smaller dark spot that marked Ryo-ohki in starship form.  That 
spot was starting to emit a lot of light. 

	"What the hell is that?"  Katsuragi called out from the other side
of the car.

	Tenchi turned to her, wondering for a moment at how good she looked, even
after being beat up so bad.  "That is Ryo-ohki."  He stated simply,
pointing at the growing ball of energy.

	"What's it doing?"  She then asked, obviously curious about the ship's
buildup.

	"Fighting."  He answered.

	Before Katsuragi could articulate another question or comeback, Ryo-ohki
fired her fully charged main gun.  A spear of pure focused power lanced out at the
bulky alien. Tenchi didn't even blink as a hole was punched clean through the center of
it like a bullet through paper. The monster, for its part, had the wit to look really
shocked.  Kind of silly on such a horrific creation, Tenchi thought as the being 
put a skinny hand to its chest. 

	"Wow," He heard Katsuragi comment, "It's as if the AT Field wasn't even
there."

	"The what?"  Tenchi asked, turning to her.

	He saw Katsuragi's eyes widen, making him swivel back to the scene. A huge
energy barrier was forming, pushing Ryo-ohki away from the monster, who looked to
be in a bad mood. "That."  She said.

	The AT Field quickly grew, throwing poor Ryo-ohki away like a softball.
The living starship flew into the earth with a sickening explosion of dirt and steel.
At least ten city blocks were instantly demolished by her crash.  Tenchi just hoped she
was okay.

	"Back in the car."  He heard Katsuragi tell him.

	He turned to her, seeing her get into the car and put it into gear. He
quickly leapt in after her, and she hit the gas.  The tires burnt a trail into the
pavement as the car accelerated away.  It flew into a tunnel leading to an elevator.
Katsuragi inserted a passcard, then turned to Tenchi.  "Do you have a pass?"  She asked.

	Tenchi had no idea why she would think he'd have a pass.  "Um, no." He
replied, confused.

	Katsuragi rolled her eyes.  "Figured as much.  Nobody but me around here
knows what they're doing."  She stopped for a moment, staring at Tenchi
speculatively.  "Well, come on." She finally said, dragging him back into the car.

	The great steel doors of the elevator opened, revealing a giant platform
obviously made for a vehicle of some kind.  The car fit easily onto it, and they
began to descend at an alarming rate. 

	Tenchi looked in wonder as the walls of the elevator flew by them at
lightning speeds.  They seemed to be heading a long way down, he wondered how far
they would go.  He decided he might want to use this time to get some questions answered.
However, before he could turn to the strange woman, they broke through the geofront. 

	Tenchi's eyes widened in absolute awe as he looked down into an entire
city, built in a huge dome like cave that must have been at least two hundred kilometers
across.  Entire forests grew at the bottom, where unusual prismatic buildings stood.
Opposite of the bottom lay the entire city of Tokyo-3, upside down.  Oddly suspended from the
ceiling, the almost familiar skyscrapers of Tokyo-3 hung.  Tenchi was starting to get dizzy
looking from top to bottom, his mind not used to seeing such weird constructions.  
Well, there was the Sojia, but that was on a much smaller scale, and he never did see 
the reversed plane of that vessel anyway. He could only stare in wonder as they traversed 
the rest of the distance to the base of the spacious bubble in the Earth. 

---------------------------------------

	I start to reapply my makeup, I figure that I should look as good as I
can... at least as good as one could, being torn, tattered, and dirty. I glance over
at the boy, amused at his perplexity over seeing the Geofront for the first time. I
think, "He should have seen it when Ikari found this hole years ago."

	After I touch up my lipstick, that I make a mental note to return it to
Ritsuko.. she's probably missing it, and then I say, "Ne, Shinji-kun.. you haven't seen
your father in a long time. Have you missed him much?", thinking, 'Yeah, I bet that he missed
that bastard just tons...'

	He looks at me, and stumbles out, "Father?" I nod, smiling. He continues
sheepishly, "I suppose so.."

	I say, "I understand, Shinji-kun. My relationship with my father wasn't
the best, either. But now since you'll get to see him, maybe you can work out your
differences." I smile at him again, and he shrinks into his seat.

---------------------------------------

	Once at their destination, Tenchi was almost blathering.  He felt like
there was just too much to deal with.  Fortunately, past experiences had hardened him
to such abnormal circumstances.  His mind sort of shut out some of the recent impulses,
making the current ones more bearable.  He shook off his impending insanity, and looked over
to the woman who had gotten him into this in the first place.  She seemed quite calm and
collected considering. He had to hand it to her there. They exited the car and headed to another
elevator, this one seemingly made for personnel transport.  It slid open silently, however, it
wasn't empty.

	Tenchi looked into the sunglasses of a very stoic looking man.  He had a
washboard stature, and the most militaristic look he had ever seen in a man since
meeting the Emperor of Jurai. 

	"Commander Ikari."  Katsuragi said, as if shocked to see the man.

	Tenchi was beginning to wonder if he had been abducted by an insane woman
who called everyone Ikari.  The man brought that thought to an abrupt halt. 

	"Who is this?"  He asked, his expression not changing one iota.

	"This is Ikari Shinji."  Katsuragi answered, though her voice sounded
unsure all of the sudden.

	"No, it is not, Katsuragi-ichii."  The Commander returned in the same
tone. The man's head turned a bit toward Tenchi, almost making him wince. "Who are you,
boy?"

	"I am Masaki Tenchi."  He was darned near compelled to add 'sir' to the
end, but refrained.

	Ikari looked him up and down for a second, then continued.  "How old are
you?"

	"Uh, eighteen."  He thought he saw Katsuragi flinch a bit out of the
corner of his eye.

---------------------------------------

	As the elevator opened, we were face to face with Commander Ikari. When he
informed me that the boy that I had transported was not Ikari's kid, but an
18 year old named Masaki Tenchi. Talk about your mental winces.

---------------------------------------

	"It shouldn't work, but we may have no other alternative."  Ikari said
finally, directing the comment toward the Captain.

	She blanched a little.  "Do you think that is wise, sir?"

	"We have no choice."  With that, the doors slid shut, leaving the two
people to stare at its light surface.

	Tenchi finally got entirely fed up.  He turned to Katsuragi and demanded,
"What is going on?"

	The Captain, on her part, looked a lot more stressed then she did
previously.  She looked at the determined man before her and sighed.

---------------------------------------

	"Uh, Shi-, no, Masaki-san, you remember that big ugly black thing outside,
right?", I asked. Tenchi nodded. I continued, "Well, we're here to stop it, and I'm
afraid that you're going to have to help us do so.", finishing the sentence with 
a weak smile.

	Someone pokes me in the back of the head. "Katsuragi-ichii, was beer the
only thing that you had for breakfast this morning?", a woman's voice rang out behind
me. I spin around, along with Tenchi, to see who was doing the speaking.

	"Ah! Ritsuko!" I place a hand behind my head and laugh nervously. I look
to her side and see that she has brought a boy with her also. I giggle, "So, was this
event a 'Bring-Your-Own-Boy'?" I flinch at the three people staring at me, and
think, "Boy, was that a loss... dumb mouth."

	Ritsuko speaks, "Katsuragi Misato, this is Ikari Shinji... you know, the
boy that you were supposed to pick up." I smile at the boy, who seems indifferent.
Ritsuko looks at Tenchi, puzzled at the resemblance. She smiles, "Ah, who is this?"

	I say, "This is Masaki Tenchi, I, uh, picked him up before the Angel had a
chance to squash him. Masaki-san, this is Dr. Akagi Ritsuko. You'll find her to be a
lot nicer than Ikari Gendou, the guy you just met. And your "twin" is Ikari Shinji, 
as you most likely know by now." I can feel Ritsuko's eyes bore a hole in my head, 
and I think that there really is more than meets the eye when it comes to those 
two. I press the down button on the elevator, and the four of us walk inside. 
I look at the panel of buttons inside of
the elevator, and Ritsuko reaches around me and presses the button marked 'Terminal Dogma.'

	Ritsuko says, "Misato-san, perhaps if I accompany you, you won't get lost
this time, ne?" Of course, Ritsuko says that playfully, but without a smile... that's
her way. I nod, remembering the several hours I had spent in confusion wandering around the
HQ. The elevator door shuts.

---------------------------------------

	Sasami looked at her surroundings.  She could still see a big dark spot in
her vision from the intense brightness that had overtaken her before.  She could make
out various beds, and the smell most definitely suggested a hospital of some kind.  As her
eyesight cleared completely her theory was confirmed.  It was an infirmary, there were
trauma bunks lining the walls, about four to a side.  What soon demanded her 
immediate attention was the fact that one of the beds was occupied.  She walked up to 
the prone figure, who was bandaged up pretty good, and whose wounds looked only minutes old.

	The first thing Sasami noticed about the person was that they were female,
and young.  Couldn't be more than thirteen years old or so.  The next thing
she noticed was how much like herself she looked, only with lighter skin and shorter 
hair.  She was almost tempted to open an eye to see if it were the same color as 
hers.  She'd never met a human with anywhere near the eye color she had. 

	It almost scared Sasami to death when the still figure's eyes came open
suddenly. Once she got over the initial shock, curiosity reigned, and she peeked into
the girl's face again.  Red, not pink, but red.  How close it was almost made Sasami's
heart stop anyway. 

	The girl looked over at Sasami almost passively.  "Who are you?" She asked
in the most monotonous voice Sasami would ever want to hear from a seemingly living creature.

	"I'm Sasami."  She replied cheerfully.  "Pleased to meet you."  She bowed slightly.

	The girl looked on, unblinking and expressionless.  Sasami was beginning
to reevaluate her previous conclusion that this person was actually alive.
"What are you doing here?" Came the next query.

	Of course, Sasami didn't even know *where* she was, never the less why she
was there.  "I'm not sure really.  I'm here sort of by accident you see."
She wasn't sure how much she should be telling about her origins either so kept 
it simple.  She smiled a bit.  "Um, would you mind telling me where I am?"

	The girl's face still didn't alter in the slightest.  If she thought the
question was odd, she showed no signs of it.  "You are in the infirmary."  She answered
simply.

	Well, I know that, thought Sasami.  "Yes, um, what city is this?" She
glanced out the window and saw a totally unfamiliar skyline. Though, she had to admit, by
the landscape, it seemed she was still in Japan.

	"This is Tokyo 3."

	Sasami spun on the girl again.  "What?"  She blurted out, unable to
contain her outburst.

	"This is Tokyo 3."  She repeated.

	Sasami wasn't sure what to do.  The city outside the window was most
definitely not the Tokyo she knew.  It seemed much more futuristic for one.  She almost
slapped herself in the forehead.  Of course! she thought, Washuu's machine must have put her
in the future.  But how far? "What time is it?"

	The girl glanced at the clock on the wall.  "Nine forty-one."

	Okay, thought Sasami, let's rephrase that.  "What's the date?"

	"It's February 4, 2015", the pale girl answered.

	Okay, so she'd traveled nineteen years into the future.  Now, how to get
back?  Sasami got lost in thought for a moment.  As she was pondering, a
loud crash sounded from outside. Knocked out of her reflecting, Sasami ran
to the window to see what was happening.  What she saw outside both
frightened and overjoyed her.  For, outside, mecha-Ryo-ohki was there.
Unfortunately, she seemed to be fighting something, something very big,
that seemed to be winning.

---------------------------------------

	Washu traversed the time-stream, looking for the crucial moment.  The
instant where the future of Earth was sent down the path to imminent
destruction.  She was finding it more difficult than originally
anticipated.  She turned into another lateral tangent, and started
searching another trillion vertices.

	"Tokimi, I'll find you."  She muttered, the words scattered to the ages.

---------END PART ONE----------

Thanks for reading... send comments please!  The second part of this will
be worked on soon.  The first part was devoid of any lemon scenes to
promote story and character growth.  Till next time
PMasters
and
Katsuragi Misato ^_^

