Hello again, 
	Well since reaction to my first fic, First Time, was relatively 
good, I decided to continue it a bit.  There were comments as to a lack 
of character development, and I am quite sorry about that.  I will try 
to do better this time, although you will all have to deal with my 
strange ideas and prejudices *especially against inbreeding*.  I would 
like to thank all those who sent me comments, especially Happosai. 

THIS IS A LEMON, SO ALL THOSE UNDER 18 LEAVE NOW!

Tenchi Muyo is not owned by me, but by AIC and Pioneer.  Please don't 
sue me, I'm a grad student with no money. MiB is also not mine, and I 
would like to thank L. Cunningham and B. Soloman for that lovely idea. I 
would also like to ask Happosai's forgiveness for stealing the French 
maid costume, but I just couldn't resist (It's a fantasy of mine).

On with the Show!!!!!!!!

Naiad Presents:
	The Man in Black Cometh (or..Here come the Men in Black...woooooo)

***********************************(Oh look at all the pretty stars....)

	Tenchi stared at the ceiling.  The night was cold, but his body 
was still warm from the night's exertions.  He was still in shock. He 
looked down at the sleeping form of Ryoko curled up at his side, her arm 
still clasped around his waist.  He smiled.  With his left hand he 
reached up to scratch at his nose.  He couldn't believe he had gotten 
through the whole night without a nosebleed.  
	*I guess that makes me a man now* he thought.  He looked at 
Ryoko's face, so sweet while she was sleeping.  He let the emotions wash 
over him.  He loved her so.  Keeping all that bottled up inside through 
the past months had hurt like hell.  He hadn't wanted to hurt Ryoko, but 
he also hadn't wanted to hurt anyone else.  In a way, he loved all the 
girls, although his feeling for Ryoko were special.  Ryoko brought out 
something in him, some kind of raw animalness.  Normally he was a 
weakling, and he knew it, but she brought out the strength in him.  He 
loved her, and he loved how he felt around her, even if he was a little 
scared of it all.  
	But all was not perfect. He knew Ayeka had a crush on him, as she 
made clear at every opportunity.  But a man could love a woman on a 
scale measuring from sister to lover, and ever since Tenchi had known 
that Ayeka was his great aunt, the scale had definitely pointed to 
sister. The same went for the other girls, although he supposed that 
he'd have to think of Washu as a mother-in-law eventually.  And some 
guys thought their mothers-in-law were bad.  Hah!!
	Tenchi sighed.  How was he every going to make this work?  He 
couldn't tell Ayeka outright, for fear of some kind of galactic 
Armageddon erupting.  *Ayeka needs somebody else to fixate on*.  Tenchi 
figured that he just happened to be in the right place and the right 
time (or the wrong place at the wrong time) to be discovered by Ayeka.  
There were no suitable crown princes other than himself in the area, so 
he would have to come up with something.
	"Heh love, what're thinking about so hard?"  Ryoko smiled sleepily 
up at him. "Not having second thought, are you?"  Ryoko's smile began to 
fade.
	"Of course not, how could I have regrets when you're so 
wonderful."  Tenchi kissed the tip of her nose.
 	"Ok, I suppose that was officially sappy enough."  Ryoko grinned. 
"You gotta come up with some good pet names for me buddy.  I expect no 
less.  But what are you worried about anyway?  Ayeka still on your 
conscience?"
	Tenchi gulped.  "Yeah well, I just don't want you two to get in a 
fight.  I mean, you know how she reacts to things.  I don't want anyone 
getting hurt or any planetary destruction!"
	"Yeah, well, you know I can take care of myself in any fight with 
her, but I bet if her feelings were really hurt, hell would seem like a 
nice place.  I..I don't really hate her you know.  I guess I never did.  
It's just the whole competition thing.  I saw you first you know." She 
grinned, her teeth glinting in the darkness. "I wish there was some way 
this could all end in peace, and I could have you to myself for a 
while!"
	"Well, I would love to tell the whole world that I love you and 
want to be with you, but..." He was stopped in mid-sentence by a bone 
crushing hug.
	"Oh Tenchi, say that again!  Oh you are so sweet!  I think I've 
been waiting a millennia to hear that!"
	"Breathe....let...me...breathe...."
	"Oh, sorry about that," she eased up but did not let go.
	"Gasp....I love you Ryoko,"  Ryoko started to hug him again, "wait 
a minute will you!  Anyway, I just think that we need to keep this toned 
down until we can think of a way of getting Ayeka to not go nuclear on 
us."
	"You mean we have to sneak around?"  Ryoko pouted. "Actually, that 
could be fun."  Ryoko gifted him with her most evil grin.
	"Gulp..."

************************************************************************

	Tenchi hid behind the couch with Sasami, Mihoshi and Ryo-ohki.  
*Geez..I know Ryoko's acting, but she could get an Academy Award for 
this!*
	Ayeka and Ryoko were engaging in their typical morning fight.  The 
usual insults were being hurled, and the others cowered on the side-
lines, trying not to get maimed.  Tenchi knew that this was an act on 
Ryoko's part, but he also knew that Ryoko was getting out a good deal of 
frustration over not being able to be with him the past couple nights.  
Ayeka seemed to sense that something was different, and had remained 
vigilant for any signs of noise from Tenchi's bedroom, and had rushed in 
to "save" him the moment things got interesting.  Ayeka was actually not 
speaking to him at the moment, feeling that he had got too involved with 
"that demon" this morning.  Little did she know.  Anyway, Tenchi was 
feeling just as frustrated.  Even just looking at Ryoko for a few 
minutes gave him a hard-on that just wouldn't go away.  He and Ryoko had 
tried to sneak out yesterday into the forest, but Ayeka had sent Asaka 
and Kamidake to "guard" him from the demon.  He had tried to bribe them 
with a good coat for furniture polish to get rid of them, but it didn't 
work. Sex could get slightly addictive, and Tenchi had a craving that 
was driving him nuts.
	"Take that you worm eaten devil woman!" Ayeka shouted as she sent 
tiny logs pummeling at the energy field Ryoko had amassed in front of 
her. 
	"Is that the best you can do, miss prissy princess.  No wonder no 
man can expect passion out of you!"  Ryoko cackled.  She was enjoying 
this.  Even though Tenchi had asked her to cut down on the fighting, she 
knew that Ayeka would get suspicious.  Anyway, they were having too much 
fun!
	"Oh you!!!!!"  Ayeka was building up some kind of Jurai power 
attack.  No one found out what it was though, as there was a loud, 
authoritative knock on the door.  Ayeka lost her concentration, and the 
attack fizzled out.  Sasami perked up from behind the couch.
	"I'll get it,"  the blue haired 10 year old cried out, grateful 
for the distraction, and the chance to get out of the line of fire.
Sasami whipped past the two combatants, and opened the door.
	At the doorstep stood an imposing figure.  Although of average 
height, the black suit, white shirt and black tie screamed authority.  
Black sunglasses shaded the man's eyes.  White blond hair tied back in a 
severe ponytail was only feature that seemed out of place.  The hard 
planes of his face were fixed in a no-nonsense expression.
	"Urh...Hello sir," Sasami greeted the stranger. "Can we help you?"
	"Hello, little one.  You must be Princess Sasami of Jurai, yes?"  
A gasp of shock rose up from the assembled cast. 
	"May I come in?" There was no answer, as everyone was still too 
surprised to move.  The stranger walked into the house, closing the door 
behind him.  He proceeded across the room, and stopped in front of the 
slightly singed and smoky Ayeka.
	"Ayeka, First Princess of the Planet Jurai?"
	Ayeka, nodded dumbly, but then regained her regal composure.  
"Yes, I am Princess Ayeka.  May I ask who is addressing me in such 
a...a...an abrupt and disrespectful manner?"  Ayeka tried to smooth her 
hair and kimono, looking particularly flustered.  Ryoko and Tenchi 
exchanged a look, and smiled.  Tenchi thought, *Maybe this guy is 
supposed to be her new fiance.  Azusa has improved, this one is much 
better that Seriyou! She almost looks like she likes him!*
	The stranger held up a business card. "I am Agent B of the Galaxy 
Police Special Earth Forces, otherwise known as (insert rimshot) Men in 
Black."  The business card simply said "MiB".  "You, Princess Ayeka, 
have been on the planet Earth longer than the automatic diplomatic visa 
allots to someone of your status.  I am here to take you into custody."
	"WHAT!" the cast shouted in unison. 
	Ayeka began to fume.  "What are you talking about!  How dare you!"
	"By treaty 4659 signed by the Planet Jurai, the Galactic Union and 
representatives of the planet Earth in the Earth Year 1950, you have 
violated the time limits allowed unregistered aliens of high diplomatic 
rank.  You must come with me to either leave the planet or apply for 
resident alienship."
	Silence.  
	Mihoshi spoke up first.  "Oh, you're a GP agent too?  Wow, someone 
for me to date!!!" Everyone, including B, fell over.
	Tenchi was the first to recover.  "Wait a minute, this has got to 
be some kind of joke. I thought that this was a movie a few years ago.  
You must be a clone from Was..."
	B, now back on his feet, cut Tenchi off.  "No Mr. Masaki, I'm 
afraid that cinematic effort was a plan by our top tech men.  By 
convincing the world that we were simply characters out of a movie, our 
memory erasing devices increased in efficacy by 124%.  It was the best 
way for our organization to remain hidden.  Now miss, if you will come 
with me."
	"Waaaaa...wait!  What about Ryoko?  What about my brother?"  On 
queue, Yosho walked in the room.
	"B, how nice to meet you again."
	"Yosho, you know this man?"
	"Why yes, about 45 years ago, he paid me a visit, asking me to 
register as a resident alien.  I registered Ryoko and Ryo-okhi as well."
	"You could have told be about this, brother!"
	"Well, I'm getting old ya know, my memory's not what it used to 
be."  Yosho grinned foolishly and put his hand to the back of his head.
	Ayeka was not happy.  "What about my sister, Sasami?"
	"Ayeka!  Did you have to remind him!" Sasami pouted.
	"What, don't you want to help your sister!"  Sasami didn't answer, 
but looked at Tenchi.  Tenchi gulped again.  Ryoko edged closer to 
Tenchi, not wanted to compete with the semi-goddess, even if she was a 
child at the moment.
	B interjected, "She is not above the galactic age of majority.  
Her non-registered status is your responsibility, as her closest 
relative.  Either you must both leave the planet, and remain off Earth 
for 5 galactic standard years, or you must register."
	"Oh, well, then we'll register." Ayeka stated. "Of course we will, 
it can't be that hard."
	B sighed.  "I was afraid you'd say that.  It takes a while you 
know.  The GINS is backed up.  We don't get much funding.  You will have 
to wait in line."
	"I'm the first princess of Jurai.  I don't wait in line." Ayeka 
looked down her nose (at least as much as she was able) at B.
	B broke his professional manner. "Look lady, everybody, and I mean 
EVERYBODY, waits in line for the MIB.  So get off your high and mighty 
pedestal and go pack.  You'll be gone for a while."
	Ayeka looked dumbfounded.  Ryoko giggled.  Ayeka turned on her 
heel and marched up the stairs.  B called up after her, "Your sister 
should probably come to, as she will need to be included in the family 
visa."  Sasami hung her head.  "You'll need a sponsor too.  Your brother 
will suffice."  Yosho looked stricken, and then sighed.  He hung his 
head, mirroring his younger sister.
	Sasami perked up, "Can I bring Ryo-okhi, she can keep me company!"
	B nodded, smiling at the little girl. "I don't know if the waiting 
room can fit a whole spaceship though."
	"Miyaa...."
	Our favorite cabbit bounded across the room and scrambled up 
Sasami to sit on her head.
	"Oh, it's ok, I think she'll fit now!" Sasami bounded up the 
stairs, following her sister.
	B scratched his head and smiled.
	Yosho sighed again.  "I shall go to the temple and pack. Tenchi, I 
expect you to spend some of your time taking care of the temple."  Yosho 
glance from Tenchi to Ryoko and back again.  Ryoko and Tenchi fidgeted.
	"Yes sir!" Yosho signed again and walked out the front door. 
	Mihoshi, ran across the room, and latched onto B's arm.  "So, do 
you like Karaoke?  Do you want to go out some time?"
	"Uh Mihoshi, don't you remember me?"  B had donned that pained 
look that all those who know Mihoshi for more than 5 minutes wear when 
she speaks.
	"No.  Should I?" Mihoshi blinked rapidly in that vacuous way of 
hers.
	"I'm your cousin, Mihoshi.  Remember?  Jaran Bethani?"
	Mihoshi continued to blink.
	"Remember that big party on Lohasi about 5 years ago, the family 
reunion?  Remember me then?"
	"Oh yeah...you and your friends sang than funny song...hehehe"
	B looked uncomfortable. "I was drunk..anyway, I can't date you 
Mihoshi, I'm your cousin!"
	"Oh, okay!" Mihoshi turned around and picked up the TV remote.  
The others shook their heads.
	"Wow, you mean that the airheadness isn't genetic?" Ryoko flew 
over to B and looked him up and down. "So, your here to take Ayeka off 
our hands for a while.  Would you take money to make it permanent?"
	Tenchi poked Ryoko in the ribs.  "I think she means, how long will 
this take?"
	B's professional demeanor seemed to return with this question. 
"Well, the GINS is backed up, and it can sometimes take years," Tenchi 
and Ryoko gasped, "but with her status, it should only take a couple of 
days." Ryoko and Tenchi let out their collective breath. 
	"Oh," Tenchi spoke, "I guess that's not so bad." Tenchi turned to 
Ryoko and grinned. "Not bad at all."  Then his face fell.
	"Uh...you couldn't possible require Ayeka to take her guardians, 
Asaka and Kamidake, with her could you?"  Tenchi almost seemed to be 
begging.
	"I suppose, they are alien technology, so they should be 
registered too."
	"Yahoo!!" Tenchi and Ryoko began to do a little victory dance.
	Unfortunately, at that moment Ayeka chose to come down the stairs.
	"Lord Tenchi! What do you think you are doing!"
	Tenchi and Ryoko stopped.  Tenchi gulped.  "Uh..Ayeka..I'm 
sorry....I....uh..."
	Ryoko cut in, "I made him do it Ayeka, don't worry." Tenchi 
breathed a sigh of relief.
	Ayeka looked suspiciously at the two of them.  "Well, you better 
watch yourself, Miss Ryoko, while I'm gone. Don't you do anything to 
Lord Tenchi he doesn't want." Ryoko managed to suppress her laugh. 
"Anyway, I'll leave Asaka and Kamidake to watch over the house."
	B grinned, understanding a lot of the situation from what he had 
observed.  He was trained to anyway. "I'm sorry, Princess Ayeka, but 
they will have to come along." 
	Ayeka glared at him.  Then she began to look worried.  She looked 
up at Tenchi. "You will miss me, won't you, Tenchi-san?"
	Tenchi replied honestly, "Of course I will Ayeka. Don't worry, 
you'll be back soon." 
	*Too soon*, thought Ryoko.
	Sasami came down the stairs, lugging two huge suitcases emblazoned 
with an A and looking pissed. "Ayeka, can't you help." 
	Ayeka acted like she hadn't heard. Ryo-okhi followed, lugging a 
small blue bag with an embroidered S on the side.  She skidded to a stop 
in front of Sasami and dropped the bag. "Miyaa....."
	Yosho walked in next, with a wicker basket on his back.
	"Well, I think that makes everyone," Asaka and Kamidake zoomed 
into the room behind B, stopping just short of knocking him down. 
	"Hello," said Asaka. 
	"Will we accompany you, Princess Ayeka?" asked Kamidake.
	Ayeka sighed. "Yes, yes. I guess we have to go. Goodbye Tenchi-
san. She turned to him, and suddenly wrapped her arms around him and 
gave him a kiss.  She let go and ran out the door. (Leaving the luggage, 
of course).  Tenchi looked distinctly uncomfortable as Ryoko glared at 
him.
	Sasami grumbled.  Then she walked up to Tenchi and held out her 
arms.  He bent down and gave her a hug, and she gave him a peck on the 
cheek.  Ryoko was going to protest, when Sasami turned to her ask gave 
her a hug as well.  Ryoko smiled. Sasami then picked up her small bag 
and was going to go after one of her sister's two huge suitcases, when B 
stepped up and took them both.  Sasami gifted him with one of her best 
and brightest smiles.  And when she smiles, she SMILES!
	B smiled back. He almost fell over though as he felt Ryo-okhi 
scramble over the heavy suitcases and land on top of his head.  Sasami 
giggled. Ryo-okhi turned to Ryoko and waved a paw goodbye.  Ryoko 
sniffled, and waved back.
	"Byebye!"  Sasami waved and ran out, followed by B, schlepped the 
bags.  Yosho sighed and sullenly took up the rear.  
	Mihoshi, finally realizing that something was going on, ran after 
them, followed by Tenchi and Ryoko.  Outside hovering over the lake was 
a small black flying saucer.  Ryoko and Tenchi arrived just in time to 
see B, Ryo-okhi and Mihoshi go flying into the water as Mihoshi 
attempted to hug her cousin.
	As the cabbit, B and Mihoshi rose out of the water, Ayeka began to 
cackle evilly and Sasami giggled.  Mihoshi began to whine and cry, tears 
streaming down her cheeks.
	"I'm SORRY!!!!!!! WAHAHAHAAH!"
	Everyone responded, "IT'S OK MIHOSHI, BE QUIET!!"
	And, miracle of miracles, she was quiet. She looked at her watch. 
"Oh no! I'm late to report!!"  She sprinted off, forgetting everyone and 
everything else.
	As the walking disaster left, B and Ryo-okhi attempted to dry off 
and recover the luggage.  Fortunately Ayeka's bags were water-proof 
(actually, one of Washu's inventions, they could withstand a nuclear 
attack), so she did not throw a fit.  All those leaving got into the 
shuttle.  Tenchi called, "Heh, where's the black car?"
	"The GINS servicing center is on the dark side of the moon, and 
the car can't quite make it that far," B replied. 
	"Oh," Tenchi looked sheepish.
	"Well, we better be going." B began to close the hatch.  Yosho 
looked glum, but Sasami, Ayeka, and Ryo-okhi waved back at Tenchi as the 
hatch closed.  
	As the black ship lifted off into the sky, Ryoko turned and smiled 
at Tenchi.  Wrapping her arms around his neck she whispered in his ear, 
"We’re all alone now, my dear."
	Tenchi, being Tenchi, could feel the blood rushing to his nose.  
Apparently his heroics of the other night had not permanently altered 
him.  In self defense, he muttered the first random thing that popped 
into his head, "Oh no, I’m gonna be late for school." And he sprinted 
off toward the bus stop.
	Ryoko face-vaulted and proceeded to faint.
	Ayeka, squinting to see the last bits of what was happening below, 
started to panic as Ryoko wrapped herself around Lord Tenchi, but smiled 
in glee as Tenchi ran off.  Ayeka turned away from the viewscreen and 
made herself comfortable.  She had nothing to worry about.  Or so she 
thought!


	Ryoko was bored.  She was also a little scared. And incredibly 
happy.  Add a bit of anger to the mix, and you get a pretty mixed up 
kind of feeling.  She was bored since she had nothing much to do.  No 
one was home, not even Ryo-ohki, so there was no one to talk to or 
tease.  She hated being alone.  It reminded her too much of all those 
empty years.  She almost contemplated going to talk to her mother in her 
lab, but decided that she was not yet that desperate.  She was still 
scared that Tenchi didn’t really want her.  After all, he had run from 
her this morning, and no matter how you spin it, she still had attacked 
him last night, and he might have just acting on instinct.  
	Ryoko pouted.  Instead of her usual perches, she was leaning out 
of Tenchi’s bedroom window, looking out at the countryside.  She closed 
her eyes, and remembered how it had felt when she heard him say that he 
loved her.  The bliss of that feeling poured through her veins.  
Suddenly that bliss turned to anger, as she was pissed that he didn’t 
have the decency to stay with her for one whole day and had run off to 
school like some frightened field mouse.  Earlier, she had almost 
followed him to school like prey to bring him back to her lair, but 
contrary to the popular belief of a certain Juraian Princess, Ryoko was 
not purely a creature of instinct.
	Instead, Ryoko had decided to start the quest for her next goal.  
An engagement ring.  She figured that now she had beaten down some of 
Tenchi’s defenses, she had better show him what a good wife she would 
make.  She had thought the best plan was to start learning to do 
housework.  She had promptly replaced one of her favorite orange dresses 
with a tight, short, black French maid’s outfit with a tiny frilly white 
apron that she had once seen on the cover of one of Nobuyuki’s 
magazines.  She rummaged through the front hall closet and discovered 
what she was looking for, a feather duster.  She proceeded to flit 
around the house, dusting furniture.  She really only moved the dust 
around from one place to another, but she looked so good doing it, who 
would complain.  This quickly got boring however, and after various 
failed attempts at vacuuming, washing the kitchen floor and a laundry 
load of terribly overbleached underwear, she had resorted to mulling 
over her thoughts in her favorite room, Tenchi’s bedroom.  She sighed, 
and leaned over the window.  She plucked feathers out of the duster and 
watched as the wind carried them away.  It would be hours before Tenchi 
got home.

	Tenchi felt terrible.  He realized what a total jerk he must seem 
to Ryoko.  After sitting through a couple of classes trying to get up 
the courage, he sneaked out of school during lunch and had caught an 
early bus home.  Managing to survive the hard, disapproving stare of the 
bus driver, he had walked up the path toward home, expecting Ryoko to 
either glomp him or blast him any second.
	But there was no sign of her.  He began to get worried.  He walked 
in the front door and slipped off his shoes. He checked to see if she 
was in her perch in the living room, or asleep or drunk on the couch.  
No sign.  He considered trying Washu’s lab, but decided that was a last 
resort.  He crept up the stair to his room, and opened the door as 
quietly as he could, not wanting to disturb her if she was asleep.
	He sight that greeted him took his breath away.  He hand reached 
to his nose to staunch the expected flow of blood, but miraculously none 
came.  Ryoko was leaning over the windowsill, lost in thought, and was 
presently the most incredible view from behind.
	The short black skirt she wore billowed out, supported by an 
equally short, multilayered petticoat.  As she leaned over, Tenchi was 
gifted with the tantalizing site of the lower curve of her exquisite 
bum.  As she often did, Ryoko had fortunately forgot to include any 
underwear in this ensemble, and Tenchi could see glimpses of short cyan 
hair and a pair the most tempting lips.  
Tenchi was rock hard.  His breathing was short and rapid.  Praying 
not to disturb her, he silently crept across the bedroom floor, using 
all the discipline he had learned from martial arts to not make a sound.  
Soon he stood directly behind her.  He reached for his goal.
Ryoko jumped as she felt hands on her rear.  She tried to turn 
around, but heard Tenchi beg, "Please don’t move, my love.  Please!"
Ryoko turned her head and smiled, feeling glorious, both with the 
word he had gifted her, and the feelings he had started as he massaged 
her cheeks. "Why hello Tenchi, you’re home early."
"I’m sorry I left, Ryoko love." She shivered at hearing those 
words. "I’m really dumb sometimes.  But I couldn’t stay away."
"You’ll have to make it up to me.  Don’t you want to take me to 
bed, eh Tenchi?"
"Eh...could we try it like this Ryoko?  I’ve always wanted to..."
"Why you little hentai!  You are related to your father." Ryoko 
blushed.  "Sure, why not?"
Ryoko gasped as she felt Tenchi’s hands move up along her body to 
fondle her breasts through the silky black material and the lacy apron.  
She had always wanted him to make some moves on her, but this was beyond 
her wildest dreams.  She could feel his hardness through his pants as it 
pressed against her outer labia.  
"Uh...Ryoko, do you think you could make the neckline of this 
thing a little looser?" Tenchi asked sheepishly.  He tried to move his 
hand inside to get to her breasts, but the dress was too tight.
Ryoko had an evil thought.  "Why don’t you rip it, dear?"  Came 
her response.
"Uhh..." Tenchi gulped, starting to lose his nerve.  Ryoko chose 
that moment to wriggle her bum against his hard cock, and so it was that 
the bodice got ripped.  Ryoko’s breast spilled out, and Tenchi grasped 
them hard enough to excite, but not to hurt.  As he began to play with 
her nipples, he leaned forward and kissed the back of her neck.  Ryoko 
arched her back rubbing herself against him again, and Tenchi became 
aware of his severe discomfort at being trapped in those pants.  He 
moved his right hand to the buttons of his pants, and kept the left one 
torturing Ryoko’s distended nipples.  Ryoko moaned as he removed his 
hand, but he had his pants undone in a flash, and she grinned as she 
felt his naked penis brush against her left cheek.
He was so hot he could barely think, and the feel of that 
wonderful skin of her bum on his cock was absolute torture.  But he 
wanted her thoroughly ready for him.  His left hand continued its 
exploration of her breasts, but his right hand slipped between her legs 
and his fingers began to circle her clit.  She moaned, bucking against 
him and sending shockwaves through his oversensitized penis.  He 
groaned, and began moving his fingers faster and faster.  Her natural 
wetness spread through her labia and vagina as she became more and more 
aroused.  Curious, Tenchi dipped one finger into her vagina in 
exploration and was gifted with a shout of ecstasy from his lover.  He 
thrust his finger in and out, himself becoming more and more excited 
watching her pleasure.
"More, or please more.." Ryoko cried.  She was clutching the 
windowsill, her legs locked apart, afraid they would give out at the 
incredible feelings course through her.  Tenchi inserted two fingers 
this time, and she clenched her teeth with the pleasure, afraid to 
scream lest it be heard in Tokyo.
"Please, please...oh Kami...oh Tenchi...please...I...want 
you...NOW!"  Ryoko screamed, finally letting go.
Tenchi pulled back his foreskin, and smoothed the juices covering 
his right hand over his phallus.  Still unsure, he probed for her vagina 
with the tip of his penis, and finding his sheath, slipped slowly 
inside.
Ryoko’s nails chipped paint from the windowsill, her mouth open in 
a silent scream as she felt him tentatively slip inside.  She did not 
think anything could be better than last night, but she had been wrong.  
It got better.  Much better. 
Tenchi started to withdraw, and Ryoko thrust back, impaling 
herself.  "Don’t...you leave...so...soon!" Ryoko gasped.
"I...don’t want...to hurt you."  Tenchi whispered between clenched 
teeth.  He also didn’t want to lose it.  She felt go good....words could 
not describe how if felt to be inside of her.  He couldn’t think 
anymore.
"I can take it, Tenchi...give it to me..."  Ryoko bucked against 
him again.  That was it.  Tenchi couldn’t hold back anymore.
He thrust into her hard.  Stars flew past her eyes as the pleasure 
overwhelmed her.  Tenchi had just hit that spot and some lucky female 
humanoids are said to possess, that critical nerve bundle of happiness, 
the G-spot.  Her neurons overwhelmed, Ryoko screeched in delight, 
becoming more and more catlike as Tenchi thrust into her, again and 
again.  She was boiling, breaking.  Her hands clenched the windowsill, 
white knuckles straining as the tension griped her body.
Tenchi thrust over and over.  He gripped her hips, leaving tiny 
bruises that healed quickly in Ryoko’s amazing system.  His blood felt 
like white hot liquid metal running through his veins.  His mind no 
longer had control.  He was working on instinct.  
Ryoko bucked and arched.  She met him, thrust for thrust, until he 
was too powerful, too strong.  The white and blue flashes at the corners 
of her eyes overwhelmed her vision.
"I can’t stop...I can’t stop...I..." Ryoko screamed.  
Everythingness consumed her as her body shook.  Orgasm gripped her body.  
Tenchi kept going.  Thrusting.  Even as her muscles gripped his penis 
tighter within her as she came, he kept thrusting, although the pleasure 
was so intense it was almost pain.  He wanted to give her everything.  
She began to come down from heaven, but he would not let her. 
"Again..not..oh my god...not again..oh..yes..." The wave washed over 
her again.  He thrust so hard he touched her cervix, and the pleasure-
pain sent her over the edge.  He kept thrusting, but he could not hold 
on.  She screamed again, loud enough to shake the foundations, as her 
body reached its flashpoint again, and the fires consumed her.  This 
time, as her internal muscles clenched around him, Tenchi could not 
resist.  He exploded within her, thrusting powerfully as his semen shot 
into her womb.  She screamed with in, he roared.  She released the 
animal within him.  As he thrust the last of his cum within her, he 
bent over her, biting the back of her neck, marking her as his.  She 
screeched in pleasure and pain as one last wave hit them both.
Her legs could not hold her anymore.  As she fell, Tenchi slid out 
of her warm, sticky nest, but he caught her.  With his last strength, 
he picked her up.  She entwined her arms about his neck.  "My tiger..." 
she whispered.  She closed her eyes.  Tenchi shuffled across the room 
to his bed, as best he could considering his pants were still around 
his ankles.  She smiled down at his love.  He placed her in the bed, 
and collapsed next to her.  Putting an arm around her waist, and 
submerging his face into the sexy sweet smell of her cyan hair.  He 
fell asleep.

"Ah..Tenchi...I’m the one who needs the sample...not her!"
Ryoko and Tenchi were awakened by a shout.  They stared at the 
foot of the bed, where Washu-chan stood, grinning at them.
"AHHHHHHHHHKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"


The end, Episode 2.
Well, I hope you liked it.  I had fun writing it.  Comments are welcome 
at ceclkl@flash.net


 
	
