Type: Yuri, Lemon
Description:  Something's happened in the Masaki house hold and secrets are 
unfolded.Kiyone and Mihoshi are faced with one pissed princess and one space
demon filled withsome pent up lust..... Anything can happen at night....... With 
a little help from Washu ofcourse....

                         Sex's Sins
                   by: Triny Crush



Sasami's dark deep eyes softened as she watched the little cabbit hop/run to the
basket of carrots that Tenchi had set on the kitchen floor earlier this morning. 
Tenchi was
still in Tokyo. His girl friend, a mysterious girl named Sakuya, was taking him 
on a date
tonight... And Tenchi on any sort of date with any sort of girl always brought 
two unique
and dangerous women after him. Those two women were Ryoko and Ayeka. Both would
spy on him through out the whole day, and prevent any sort of romantic moment 
that
Sakuya and Tenchi might have. Washu was busy in her lab doing research and 
experiments
like a mad man. Kiyone and Mihoshi were the only ones who weren't busy, 
ironically
enough. Sasami turned away from her favorite cabbit and took off walking down 
the hall. 
It was early evening, and a very nice day at that. The perfect day for Tenchi's 
date.
The perfect day for a sexy scientist to work on experiments all day, and 
possibly all night.
The perfect day for two space police women to.... sit around boredly. The 
perfect day for
a cabbit to feast on carrots... All in all, the day was almost a little to 
perfect. But in an
innocent sort of way. It was the kind of old old tv sitcom perfect. Where every 
one is way
to happy for their own good. Where every charactor has the perfect cheesy life, 
and their
biggest trauma in life concerns naming a stray kitten..(that loves everybody)
Sasami sighed. She felt peaceful, but kind of bored. She couldn't really think 
of
anything that had to be done. She'd already cleaned and cooked. She'd also 
played with
Ryo-Ohki. She sighed again and started to consider her choices....
~~~~~~~~~
Washu sat on her hovering pillow staring at the translucent computer screen. It 
got
so boring in here sometimes. And when Washu got bored in her own lab, then 
something
was up. She assumed it was a mood swing or something, but she didn't know for 
sure.
Washu was actually so bored that she considered doing an experiment so she could 
find
out what was making her this bored. She just wasn't in a very science-or-math-y 
sort of
mood. 
Washu tapped her index finger on the space bar impatiently, while resting her 
head
against the screen. She had the worst annoyed look known to man on her face. She 
just
wanted something interesting to happen! ... Something interesting. 
Suddenly Washu's eyes snapped open, and suddenly she was fully alert. Instantly
her fingers started scrolling over the keys freakishly fast and she started 
giggling
innocently. If nothing interesting was going to happen on it's own, then the 
greatest mind
in the galaxy could do her little part in fixing that problem. 
Washu giggled again. She had the perfect idea. Though her new idea would
confuse crap out of everyone in the morning, she knew they'd get a kick out of 
her...
experiment... the previous night. She wasn't even sure why she seriously wanted 
to go
through with it.  But when ever she considered that something bad would happen, 
she just
shrugged her shoulders.  
Imagine that there was something about the air all around you that made you feel
funny inside. And it made you completely, 110% fully attracted to the first 
person that you
see.... Can you say, major sexual tension?! AND awkward moments???
"Hehehehe." Washu giggled again and started entering the names into the computer 
of
those who would be effected. You see, she was programming the special potion 
that she'd
be releasing into the air, so that instead of having all of Japan's residence 
become insanely
horny for no reason, that only a selected few would be affected. She wasn't 
included,
because she wanted to watch this with her own two eyes. This was definitely 
going to be
interesting! On her part anyways...
Washu typed rapidly on her computer for fifteen full minutes. While every now 
and
then randomly bursting out giggling. Then she finally pressed the enter key on 
her key
board. A black little portal appeared above her and slowly a bottle fell from 
it. Washu
caught the two liter sized bottle and examined it. Though it looked just like an 
empty pop
bottle with a little kawaii crab on the front, inside; was the special potion 
that would turn
this lame day upside down. 
"HehHeh! I did it!" cried Washu with a smile on her face, raising the bottle 
above her
head. They didn't know what they were in for......
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ayeka sighed and looked up at the Masaki house hold where she'd been staying
for quite some time now. She had her hands behind her back, and her cheeks were 
still
pink from shame. Ryoko was some place very very far away from both Tokyo and the
Masaki home... And Ayeka didn't blame her either. When they had seen Tenchi with
Sakuya..... She had wanted to be as far away from them as possible. But she'd 
only
managed to get back to this house... Ryoko had enough balls to leave. And who 
wouldn't
have left if the love of their life was whispering about how much he loved some 
other girl,
while caressing her and holding her... 
A tear slid down Ayeka's cheek and she quickly brushed it away. Slowly she
started walking closer to the house. She was back... Broken hearted..... Back in 
Tenchi's
house... She opened the door and walked in. Off in another room she could hear 
Mihoshi
arguing with Kiyone, again. She already knew where Washu was, and she assumed
Tsunami was in the kitchen. 
Ayeka looked down at the floor and slowly closed the door behind her. Why did
she even come back here? NOTHING here was going to cheer her up. She sighed... 
It
wasn't fair. First her luck with Yosho, then having to deal with Ryoko all of 
the time, and
now Sakuya. She sniffled and then took off into the house.... 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You're such a klutz Mihoshi! God, can't you do anything with out making a 
mess?!"
yelled Kiyone in a rather loud voice. 
"I... I didn't mean to Kiyone. Really." she said as she put a hand behind the 
back of her
head. She blinked innocently and stared down at the spill of warm coffee all 
over her
uniform. 
"I told you to keep your uniform clean! We're leaving tomorrow morning you 
know!" she
hollered.
"I'm sorry Kiyone. I didn't mean to. It just kinda spilled." replied Mihoshi, 
looking down
in shame. Kiyone rolled her eyes and snapped , "Mihoshi, I can't even have a 
decent cup
of coffee with you with out your screwing it up! Why do you always mess things 
up like
this?" Mihoshi's eyes teared and she sniffled. 
"But... Kiyone.." she mumbled in a tiny high pitched voice. Kiyone shook her 
head and
then took a deep breath. She walked over to Mihoshi and sat down next to 
her..... 
"I didn't mean to spill it Kiyone." Mihoshi said breaking the silence that had 
begun to
form. Kiyone sighed and leaned against the back of the couch. 
"Yes I know. It's just I guess I'm high strung lately. I didn't mean to yell 
Mihoshi..Sorry
about that...It's just.." she replied looking directly at Mihoshi. There was 
nothing but truth
in those dark turquoise eyes. Kiyone was trully remorseful for always yelling at 
Mihoshi
about little things. She was afraid that pretty soon Mihoshi was going to start 
thinking that
she hated her. 
Mihoshi turned to face her friend. She stared at her with big gooey blue eyes 
and
finally smiled. 
"It's okay Kiyone." she replied happily. Kiyone's eyes softened and she nodded.
"Alright then. Lets go to the bath house. We need to wash off anyways. You can't 
go to
work tomorrow smelling like old coffee." Mihoshi giggled and the two space 
police
women headed to the bathroom....
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ryoko slammed her fist against the trunk of a tree with all of her might and it, 
like
the others, instantly exploded. She was using an aweful lot of power right now, 
but as
always.. Ryoko had her reasons... Her teeth were clenched and her eyes closed 
shut
tightly. The tear lines were still visible on her smooth cheeks. Watching over 
Tenchi today
hadn't been what she'd planned on... For one thing, since walking in on Tenchi 
and
Sakuya, she was torn between crying on the spot, and murdering that annoying 
bitch!
(Sakuya) But all she resulted in doing was going to the woods outside of the 
Masaki
house hold, and blowing up a bunch of trees. 
Though she wasn't sure where Ayeka went, they both left when walking in on
Tenchi, she was pretty positive that she wouldn't be in the house. The Masaki 
house that
is. She didn't feel like hearing Ayeka complain. Ayeka thought it pointless to 
talk to
Ryoko about things like love since to her, Ryoko was nothing but a space demon. 
Ayeka
didn't know the half about love. She didn't understand that Ryoko actually LOVED 
him.
It wasn't just some sort of uncanny lust. She actually loved him.... But 
obviously he didn't
love her... Obviously he loved Sakuya...
Ryoko slammed her fist into another tree while letting out a scream of both rage
and heartache. The tree exploded and sawdust and brances, twigs and sticks, 
parts of
pinecones, and friend bugs fell all around her like hell's own rain. Ryoko 
ignored the sticks
as they fell into her hair. She ignored the dirt that had managed to get down 
her clothes. 
She didn't really care. She wanted to leave. That's what she wanted to do. She 
wanted out
of here. And not just Japan. But Earth as well. She figured that the time was 
right to
become the space pirate once more. Why not? She had a new vengance to feed her
motivation to do dangerous un practical things now. And it was all in thanks to 
Sakuya....
And Tenchi Masaki....
Ryoko blew up about eight more trees before she decided that her wrist was
starting to hurt. She sighed and glanced up at the sky. It was getting dark. 
"Time to go get Ryo-Ohki and be rid of all of this..." she said with a sigh in 
her voice. She
took a deep breath and closed her yellowish golden eyes... And then she 
teleported to the
house...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sasami giggled and wiggled her toes playfully under water. She was taking a 
bath.
It was all she could think of doing. She was bored and a bath had sounded good.
Ryo-Ohki was there too. She was sitting outside of the bath nibbling on a 
carrot, smiling
and meowing. Sasami glanced at her fuzzy little cabbit friend and giggled again. 
"It sure is quiet in here, isn't it Ryo-Ohki?" she said looking around. 
The cabbit looked up from the carrot and stared at Sasami for a moment. Then it
blinked a couple times before nibbling again on the carrot. Sasami sighed. It 
was definately
a nice time for a bath. Even if the rare quietness was unsettling and un-
natural...
Suddenly Mihoshi and Kiyone walked in. Sasami turned and smiled. They smiled
back and waved. 
"Mind if we join you Sasami?" asked Mihoshi. Sasami giggled and Kiyone gave 
Mihoshi
an annoyed look.
"No not at all. Come on in." said the blue haired girl.
"Oh good." she said happily. Kiyone and Mihoshi stepped into the water slowly 
and
gradually sat down and made themselves comfortable. Though the three of them 
were in
the room, four if you count Ryo-Ohki, the silence remained. Kiyone was the only 
one who
enjoyed the peace to the fullest though. Mihoshi fidgeted with her thumbs under 
water and
every now and then lowered her head and made bubbles on the warm water's 
surface.
Kiyone glanced at Mihoshi doing this once and rolled her eyes. 
"God can't you think of anything better to do with your time?" she remarked in 
an
annoyed tone. Mihoshi blushed from embarrassment and sunk down a little lower in
humiliation. Sasami glanced at the two of them and turned her attention back to 
her cabbit
friend. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ryoko was very annoyed. She'd been walking all over this stupid house looking
for Ryo-Ohki and her depression was transforming into anger. She brushed a hand
through her blue spiky hair and a couple of twigs fell out. She cringed and then 
sniffed her
shoulder. Her face twisted into a look of disgust. 
"Oh God, I need a shower... Oh well, I'll put it on my to do list.. as soon as I 
find... my
space ship. Ryo-Ohki?!" she called walking down a random hallway. She turned a 
corner
and looked at the door to the bath house. She stared at it for a moment and 
considered
some things. 
"Well I suppose I could wash off and then find that lost little cabbit... I need 
it anyways.
Destroying all those trees really took a lot out of me." she confirmed. Ryoko 
glanced
behind her and stared back the way she came. Then she took a deep breath and 
walked
into the bath house murmuring, "What the hell.." in a care free careless tone. 
~~~~~~~~~~~
Sasami glanced back and forth between Mihoshi and Kiyone her eyes slightly tired
with boredom. Kiyone was sitting there peacefully, her dark turquoise eyes 
closed, her
shoulders going up and down with each breath. She looked asleep, but it was 
pretty
obvious that she was wide awake. She was just doing a little relaxing. Mihoshi 
was
sleeping, a slight line of drool hanging out of the corner of her mouth. Sasami 
shook her
head and glanced at Ryo-Ohki. She was asleep as well! 
Sasami sighed and looked around for a little while longer then stood up and 
left.
The bath was relaxing but it was getting boring pretty fast. She almost wished 
that she
was with Ayeka and Ryoko and Tenchi in Tokyo.... 
~~~~~~~~~~~
Ryoko stepped into the bath house and instantly she spotted Mihoshi and Kiyone.
She rolled her golden eyes and was about to turn around and remain un-noticed, 
when she
spotted her cabbit. Her way out of here. Out of Japan, out of Earth. And this 
ticked out of
it all was........ asleep! She stormed into the bath house and an annoyed anger 
started
re-forming.. She wasn't exactly sure why it pissed her off, but it did. Maybe it 
was the
situation. Then again, maybe it wasn't....
"Ryo-Ohki get up! We're leaving!!" she yelled as she stormed over to the cabbit. 
Kiyone's eyes snapped open and she tensed intsantly. Ryoko? What was she doing
back from Tokyo so soon? She sunk down a little deeper in the water. Ryoko was 
angry.
And it was best to stay out of her way when she was angry. But then suddenly 
Mihoshi
caught her eye. Mihoshi was standing up! The perfect way to draw attention to 
herself.
"That idiot!" thought Kiyone bitterly. 
Mihoshi stood up out of the water and the sudden cold stung her slim tan naked
body like poison. She blinked a couple of times and rubbed one eye, looking 
rather groggy
and glazed over. Kiyone swam over to her partner and hugged Mihoshi's legs 
quickly.
Mihoshi's blue eyes became huge.
"Kiyone? What are you.. <yawn> ... doing?" she asked innocently.
"Be quiet you idiot! Get back in the water! Ryoko's here and.. just get in 
here!"
commanded the police woman. 
Ryoko let out a shriek of anger and spun around to face the two women, Mihoshi
standing still, Kiyone clutching her legs tightly. Ryoko stared at this for a 
moment and
then replied with anger and annoyance that was so thick it could kill, 
"I don't even want to know!" 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Washu nodded to herself as she watched the view screen of the bath house.
Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone... This could be interesting. Though she wasn't sure 
where
Ayeka was, she was sure that she hadn't left yet. Washu ran a hand through her 
dark pink
hair and shrugged while grinning sheepishly.
"I guess now would be a good enough time as any. HehHeh!" With that the mad 
scientist
picked up the bottle of her "potion of entertainment" and started to unscrew the 
cap...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 


