Sex's Sins                   
by: Triny Crush

PART 2


"Mihoshi will you just get back in the water?!" yelled Kiyone, growing 
impatient. She
glanced once more at the space demon who was making interesting gestures with 
her
balled fists at the unhappy, still tired cabbit. 
"But Kiyone.." started Mihoshi twirling one strand of yellow hair around one 
long tan
finger. Kiyone groaned in annoyance and the with out warning she clutched 
Mihoshi's legs
as tightly as she could and jerked voilently to the side. Mihoshi waved her 
arms in the air
for a second and then smacked against the water surface. Before she knew it, 
she was
back in the water. Kiyone was breathing rather heavily and she felt funny... It 
was
something about Mihoshi... She looked down in the water where her partner had 
landed
and slowly watched the blob of color get bigger and bigger. 
Mihoshi burst through the water's surface instantly, coughing. She shot a
confused/ hurt look at Kiyone who cringed. Another mistake... Another over 
reaction...
Meanwhile, Ryoko had been watching all of this. She'd turned her attention away
from Ryo-Ohki just in time to see Mihoshi flailing and Kiyone catching her 
breath. Her
stare was focused on Kiyone.... Kiyone had gorgeous eyes... And silky hair... 
Not to
mention some muscle on her bones and some damn fine breasts! Ryoko wasn't sure 
why
she was noticing these things, but she just couldn't stop... looking at them 
all... And at that
instant she knew that she wanted something from the detective.. And this space 
demon
was making sure she would get it!

"Kiyone! That was mean!" called Mihoshi between coughs. She was drenched again, 
and
warm again.. In fact she was a little warmer than usual. She'd started 
feeling... warmer...
when Kiyone had hugged her legs to her bare breasts... To those two lucious 
perfect
breasts. Mihoshi wasn't really sure why she felt so warm and she was about to 
say
something to Kiyone about it when she noticed that Kiyone was swimming over 
towards
her.
"Mihoshi.." she began in a soft voice. Kiyone felt bad again. She was staring 
down at the
water. She couldn't bring herself to look at Mihoshi for two reasons. One was 
that she'd
hurt her friend again, and two, because her eyes kept... wandering to certain 
parts...
Kiyone was about two feet away from Mihoshi when suddenly....
"Bad girl Kiyone.." came an angry voice from directly behind her. Kiyone was 
about to
spin around, but two strong hand wrapped around her from behind and held her 
firmly in
place. Kiyone's eyes became huge.
"Ry.... Ryoko." she murmered. Ryoko had snuck into the water and was right 
behind the
space police woman, hugging her from behind... The police woman's breasts 
resting on
top of the demon's strong arms. Ryoko was pressed up against Kiyone and her 
head was
resting on her shoulder.
"That's right. Now, why were you being so rough with Mihoshi. Hm? Did you think 
I
couldn't hear you? Didn't you think I saw you? Bad...." she said in a very very 
seductive
tone. Then with out warning, Ryoko pressed Kiyone against her, her breasts in 
Kiyone's
back, her long demonic strong legs open and wrapped around Kiyone's waist so 
that
Ryoko's pussy was pressed up against Kiyone's firm ass. Ryoko snickered as she 
felt
Kiyone's ass tighten and become tense.
"Calm down babe... It wont hurt THAT bad..." she said in barely a whisper, her 
lips
brushing Kiyone's ear.
"Ryoko, what are you doing?!" said the trembling space police woman. Mihoshi 
was
staring in horror her blue eyes full of fear and worry. The look in her eyes 
pained Kiyone
and she had the biggest urge to do anything and everything to make that frown 
that was
spread across those perfect lips to go away...  Suddenly Ryoko's tounge pressed 
into the
blue haired detective's tender ear and Kiyone shuddered all over. Ryoko smirked 
and
started running her tounge up the ear and then traced the tips of the ear 
roughly. Kiyone
could feel Ryoko's pussy that was pressed up against her ass get hotter and 
hotter and
suddenly fear shot up through out her body like a fire. She suddenly panicked 
and tried to
escape. Ryoko tightened her holds on the detective and started sucking and 
nibbling on
Kiyone's ear.. Kiyone stared at Mihoshi as tears filled her eyes. She was no 
match for
Ryoko. She was scared. Of Ryoko and of hurting the blond beauty in front of 
her. As a
tear slid down a trembling cheek, Kiyone mouthed one word, HELP.
Mihoshi knew what she had to do. She was feeling a number of interesting things
toward Kiyone. And though it was awkward all she could think about was that it 
wasn't
fair that RYOKO was doing that to Kiyone. That it should be her... The thought 
scared
Mihoshi and she wanted it to go away. She needed a weapon or something. Her gun 
was
donwstairs. Mihoshi nodded at Kiyone and stood up instantly and spun around and 
took
off running at the door way. 
"Mihoshi!" Kiyone called in fear. Ryoko moved her hands so that she had access 
to
Kiyone's breasts. She cupped the breasts and started groping them roughly. At 
the same
time the space demon started moving up and down against the woman. Though 
Kiyone
tried to struggle, she was no match for Ryoko's strength. Kiyone could feel 
Ryoko's hot
shaven pussy growing hotter and hotter as it rubbed up and down against her 
ass. Ryoko's
hard erected nipples clawed viciously at Kiyone's back and Ryoko's tounge slid 
down her
ear and started fully massaging the nape of her neck. Kiyone thrashed her head 
back and
forth as if to make Ryoko stop. It's all she could do! Kiyone wasn't really 
paying attention
to Mihoshi now... Ryoko laughed an evil but sexy laugh and started sucking on 
Kiyone's
soft neck.... hard! Kiyone let out a cry from the demon's touch, and suddenly 
Ryoko's
pussy got a whole lot hotter...
Mihoshi had almost reached the door, when out of no where a naked princess
Ayeka opened the door suddenly and walked very quickly into the bath house. 
Mihoshi
tried to stop running but her feet were wet and she was slippery and she 
slipped violently
and crashed right into the princess. Ayeka shrieked a high pitch scream and 
Mihoshi made
an oof noise. Both girls were back on their feet in less than three seconds. 
Ayeka's right
eye started twitching with anger and she glared at Mihoshi. Mihoshi's eyes 
became huge
and a smile spread across her lips. 
"Ayeka! Help! Look, Ryoko's hurting Kiyone! You gotta help! Thank goodness you 
came
when you did!" she barely managed to sputter. Ayeka's pink eyes glared all the 
way down
and back up Mihoshi's body. A vibrant feeling came between her thighs and 
suddenly she
was overcome with the most angry hateful lust ever.. She smacked Mihoshi as 
hard as she
could faster than the average eye could follow. Mihoshi spun around and fell 
hard on the
ground. 
"Serves you right! How dare you knock me down when I, a royal princess of Jurai 
have
had a day as horrible as this?! You horrid horrid beast! You're no better than 
Ryoko!
Idiot!" she shrieked in a loud obnoxious voice. Mihoshi looked up at Ayeka, 
tears
streaming down her face. A bright red mark was appearing on her cheek. A small 
cut had
appeared and a tiny drizzle of blood was making it's way down to her chin. It 
was almost
racing the tears... Ayeka stared at Mihoshi's full tan thick breasts.. They 
were pressed up
against the cold tile... Ayeka's glare traced down to Mihoshi's ass. It was 
firm and tight.
Tan and soft. Ayeka's jaw tightened and the vibrant feeling intensified... 
Mihoshi stood
back up and rubbed her cheek, more tears streaming from her face. She'd never 
seen
Ayeka act THIS way before... Ayeka let out a scream of attack and lunged at 
Mihoshi.
She ran full force into the blond haired detective and even after she'd run 
into the girl
she'd kept running. Then at the last instant she tackled Mihoshi and the two 
fell into the
water, Mihoshi letting out a scream of fear. 
"Mihoshi!" cried Kiyone her eyes huge with hate towards Ayeka, and worry for 
her
partner. She struggled more vioilently and almost managed to get one arm free. 
She was
struggling like a mad person, but she didn't care. Mihoshi might be hurt! Ryoko 
let out a
sexy giggle into Kiyone's ear and she rearranged her hold on the detective so 
that one arm
was wrapped still under her breasts, while the other was wrapped around her 
belly. 
"Easy tiger.." she said nipping at Kiyone's ear... 
~~~~~~~~~~~
Washu laughed as she watched the veiw screen. This was more than entertaining.
This was awesome. Washu had two fingers down her panties and she was fingering 
herself
playfully. Ryoko's agressiveness, Kiyone's resistance, Mihoshi's pain, Ayeka's 
lust.. It
was all like one super turn on for the scientist. She smirked and tapped some 
keys on her
translucent computer. 
"There that might help." she said confidently, pressing the enter key..
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mihoshi burst through the surface and started running towards Kiyone and Ryoko.
Ayeka was freaking out! Never had Mihoshi been attacked by her! Never had she 
wanted
to! But she just couldn't stand having Ryoko touch Kiyone like that! Even when 
she was
thrown under water, Mihoshi could hear Kiyone's cries... Mihoshi ran as fast as 
she
could... There wasn't time to get a weapon... 
Ryoko's golden eyes blinked a couple times and she glanced to her right, while
keeping a strong hold on Kiyone. A black portal had appeared right next to her. 
Ryoko
blinked a couple of times and suddenly a very very long object fell through the 
portal and
into the water. Ryoko snatched the object with one hand and pulled it out of 
the water and
stared at it. A double sided dildo... Kiyone started struggling again and 
Ryoko's grin
widened. She winked at the closing portal and then turned her attention back to 
her
victem. She tightened the hold that she had on the detective with her legs, her 
hot hot
pussy pressed into the detective's wild ass.. It didn't help that Kiyone was 
kicking her legs
wildly. Ryoko was horny as hell and the detective didn't seem to realize that 
she was
making it worse on herself...  Kiyone was trying to get to Mihoshi. It was 
obvious. She
called for her again.. Ryoko suddenly released the hold that she had with her 
arms and
thrust the dildo up her own pussy. Ryoko screamed in pleasure and the hold she 
had with
her legs tightened so much that it almost crushed every bone in Kiyone's hip. 
Kiyone cried
out again in pain. a third of the dildo was up Ryoko's hot shaven pussy... 
Ryoko started
breathing insanely loudly and heavily and she wrapped her arms over Kiyone's 
shoulder
and suddenly clutched the two yummy breasts very roughly. She started molesting 
the
Kiyone's breasts with according to the rhythm of her own loud breathing, 
getting rougher,
especially around the nipples, withe each breath. Kiyone let out another cry 
and tried to
get away..
"Bad.... Uhhhh... Girl... !! Now... You're.. Uh... Gonna get it!" moaned Ryoko 
into
Kiyone's red hicky covered neck.... 
Mihoshi ran to her partner. She stretched out her arms and was within an inch
from touching the blue haired detective when suddenly a royal brutal body 
popped out of
the water directly in front of her. Mihoshi tried to dodge, but the princess 
was to fast!
Ayeka grabbed Mihoshi by the shoulders roughly, digging her nails into the tan 
flesh.
Mihoshi bit her lip from the pain and more tears fell. Ayeka smirked evily and 
slowly let
go of the girl. Then she circled Mihoshi until she was directly behind her, 
like Ryoko.
Mihoshi, though being only a little ways away from Kiyone, started trembling 
with fear.
Ayeka laughed an ear peircing laugh and then shoved Mihoshi forward. Mihoshi 
crashed
into Kiyone and before she could pull away, Ayeka was pressing herself against 
her.
Ayeka wrapped one arm around Mihoshi's neck, pulling her head back a ways and 
putting
her in a lock. Mihoshi cried louder.. Ayeka wasn't choking her only putting her 
in a lock.
Ayeka wrapped her long smooth legs around Mihoshi's and pressed her own fuzzy 
pussy
against Mihoshi's ass. Then Ayeka started moving her hips in fast vibrant 
circles grunting
and moaning loudly while suckling on the back of Mihoshi's neck....
.During all of this, Mihoshi and Kiyone's breasts were pressed together 
tightly,
man-wiching Ryoko's molesting hand. Their stomaches were pressed together as 
were
their pussys. A true tingling sexual sensation came over them, thanks to each 
other's
touch. Kiyone was breathing heavily from the struggle causing her breasts to 
rub up and
down against Mihoshi's. Mihoshi's pussy began to get hot and her heat caused 
Kiyone's
to get hot as well. Kiyone let out her first true moan of pure erotic 
pleasure...
Suddenly Ayeka glanced over at her other free hand. In it was a long long
vibrating dildo. She turned it on and nibbled on Mihosihi's neck, then traced 
the bite
marks tenderly with her tounge. 
"I'm going to teach you why it's so bad to piss off a princess, baby!" she 
moaned. Then
suddenly she wrapped the free arm around Mihoshi's hips and forced her hand in 
between
Mihoshi and Kiyone's pussys. Then with out any warning at all she thrust 3/4 of 
the
vibrating dildo up the blond detective's sex. Mihoshi screamed in pain and 
attempted to
arch her back, but Ayeka started humping her violently in fast circular motions 
and she
was still in the lock and so all she could do was take it. Mihoshi started 
breathing heavily
and moaning un controllably. Ayeka laughed again and started thrusting the 
dildo in and
out of her victem very fast. A hot friction created and each time it went in, 
Mihoshi
screamed. And every time Mihoshi screamed, Ayeka's pussy got more and more 
vibrant. 
Ayeka's hand would thrust against Kiyone's pussy in order to get the dildo out 
of
Mihoshi slightly, before shoving it back in.... Kiyone's pussy was getting 
sore, and hot.
Her nipples were erected because they were rubbing vigerously against 
Mihoshi's.
Mihoshi's moans were what really started to make Kiyone feel hot all over... 
Ryoko was
nibbling on Kiyone's ear again, every now and then bursting out into moans. 
Suddenly
Ryoko thrust the other side of the dildo into Kiyone's ass.... All of the rest 
of the dildo.
Kiyone screamed in pain and blood started to fill the water. Ryoko moaned and 
arched her
erected hard hard nipples furthur into the center of Kiyone's back. Kiyone 
screamed again
and again and tears streamed down her cheeks. She'd never felt this much pain! 
"Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhhh!! Uhhhhh!!! OH you little, UHHH!! BITCH!!!! MMMM!!
GOD... UHHHH!!!!' cried Ryoko in long loud moans as she started rocking against
Kiyone pushing the dildo furthur in them both with each rock. Each time Kiyone 
screamed
and more tears streamed down her face... More blood poured into the water.. 
Ayeka, after shoving the dildo in and out of Mihoshi for a while just shoved 
the
whole thing in with one hard thrust. Mihoshi screamed and begged Ayeka to stop, 
but all
Ayeka did was laugh... Then Ayeka wrapped her arms around Mihoshi's neck and 
moved
up higher  so that her pussy was pressed against the middle of Mihoshi's back. 
"What's wrong?! Didn't that feel good?!" shreiked Ayeka, smiling insanely and 
evily.
More tears and sobs and moans of pain escaped Mihoshi's throat in response. 
Ayeka
smiled and twisted one of Mihoshi's arms behind her back. Mihoshi cried out in 
pain and
Kiyone screamed for Ayeka to stop. Ryoko suddenly wrapped both arms around 
Kiyone
and pinched her nipples roughly and very hard. Kiyone moaned in pain. 
"Shut up Bitch!!!!" moaned the demon rocking harder. Ayeka, being freakishly 
flexible
managed to lift one leg up, spreading her legs very very wide apart, and she 
thrust her hot
pussy against Mihoshi's hand, which was twisted behind her back. Ayeka moaned
torturous erotic screams into Mihoshi's ear while exploring them with her 
tounge. With
that she started masturbating with Mihoshi's hand... 
The space demon and the princess fucked the two exhausted space police women
for another half hour before finally leaving. Each one promising to get more 
the next
night... Ryoko didn't bother using the door when she left. She was clutching 
the double
sided dildo in one hand when she teleported to a bedroom to get some rest in. 
She'd used
all of her energy getting pleasure out of Kiyone, and god had she had a lot of 
energy! But
now she was exhausted. Completely and utterly exhausted! 
Ayeka had left through the door, her dildo in hand. She'd been on her way down
the hall to her bedroom when she spied Sasami sleeping soundly on the bed..... 
Needless
to say she used the rest of her energy on her sister....... Though it didn't 
last nearly as long
as her time with Mihoshi.... 
Mihoshi and Kiyone were embracing, now out of the  bath house. They were
sitting in a bed under the thick comforter embracing. They cried together for 
many hours
and Kiyone swore to Mihoshi that she would never EVER let Ayeka touch her 
again. She
also apologized time and time again for not helping. Mihoshi had cried into 
Kiyone's chest
and promised her that she had tired to help her... After their confessions to 
one another,
Kiyone stared lovingly into Mihoshi's blue shining eyes... Kiyone managed a 
weak smile
and with the last of her energy she whispered, 
"I love you Detective Mihoshi..... I'd give up everything I've ever worked for 
if it would
have taken tonight out of your life.... I swear I'll protect you Mihoshi...." 
Mihoshi looked
up her eyes tearing once more a smile on her face. 
"Really? Wow.... I love you too Kiyone... I love you so much...." With that the 
two kissed
and fell asleep together, their arms and legs wrapped around one another in 
such a way
that Death itself couldn't pry them away from each other.......
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Washu let out a sighof relief. Her two tiny fingers were gooey from cumming.  
The
funny thing was that the rape and pain and sex was such a turn on for Washu 
that she
almost screamed along with Kiyone and Mihoshi... . Washu stared at her fingers 
for a
moment with intense emerald eyes. 
"Wow. I sure did a good job with that potion."she said stating a fact. Then 
with a smile
she remarked, "Maybe I'll have to use this again on a certain boy by the name 
of Tenchi
Masaki. But that's a different story!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Overall the night did result in some good thing... A love confession and some 
great
sex.........
