Disclaimer:  I claim no rights, express or implied, over any of the 
characters, names, places, events or descriptions contained in the 
Tenchi Muyo series. My use of the aforementioned items is for strictly 
non-profit and personally recreational purposes.  This fic contains 
some lime content, so if you are under 17, you should not read this 
fic.

*SHIFT ERROR*

By Cyrus Marriner

	Tenchi should have realized what was going to happen.  But he 
didn't, and that cost him.
	You see, Tenchi had long ago fallen for Ayeka.  But, having built 
up an expansive string of rationales and half-logical conclusions in 
his mind, he had neglected to tell Ryoko.  Better for everyone, he 
felt.  So Tenchi had kept his relationship with Ayeka a secret.
	And they had.  Not only had they kept their affection a secret, 
but they had kept their various...physical interludes a secret, too.  
And they had engaged in quite a few physical interludes up to this 
point, too.  In Tenchi's room, in the carrot patch, in the kitchen, all 
sorts of places.  But there were a few places Tenchi should have known 
not to do it.
	Unfortunately for Tenchi, he and Ayeka did it in one of those 
places.  And now an entire section of the house was smoking rubble.

	Ryoko had woken up that morning lying face-down on the rafter she 
called a bed.  Her morning amnesia wore off seconds later as she went 
into her routine.
	And, keeping with her routine, she teleported right underneath 
the bathroom floor.  Then, after a moment to make sure everything was 
ready, she phased through it to harass Tenchi in her normal manner.

	Ayeka had sneaked into the bathroom before Tenchi had woken up, 
and was waiting for him in her kimono when he closed the door behind 
him.  He turned around as the door slid shut and was greeted by the 
welcome image of a stark naked Ayeka.
	"Ayeka, I'm not sure this is such a good idea," he said.  Or at 
least, tried to say.  She met him with a kiss, her nude torso pressed 
against his, and the sensations were too much for him to resist.  He 
wrapped his arms around her, pushing his tongue into her mouth, 
deepening the kiss.
	They separated for a moment, and Ayeka looked at Tenchi coyly.  
He almost asked her what she was thinking, but he soon found out as she 
kissed her way down his chest, reaching for the tie on his pants and 
kneeling in front of them.  Her fingers deftly untied the knot, and 
they soon accompanied her kimono on the floor.
	Now that they were both fully exposed, Ayeka went to work on 
Tenchi, figuratively blowing his brains out.  
"Ohh, Ayeka, that feels so good." Tenchi whispered down at the 
princess's slowly bobbing head.  In response, she reapplied herself to 
task with renewed vigor, and was rewarded by a low moan from Tenchi.
	Then another sound accompanied the sounds of Tenchi's morning 
quickie. The gentle, almost melodic, "whoosh" that was made when Ryoko 
phased through matter.  There was a gasp, and then half the house 
exploded.

	"Little Washu!  Little Washu!"  Mihoshi pounded on the 
scientist's door.  Of course this would be the one time she was unable 
to simply waltz in and destroy something.
	Washu answered the door, poking her head out.  She had obviously 
been sleeping.  Her hair wasn't yet in it's normal spray of red spikes 
that trailed down to her feet, and she was wearing a nightcap.
	"Whaddya want?" she asked, irritated.
	"The house exploded, Washu!"
	Washu almost said "Wake me up later." and shut the door in 
Mihoshi's face, but then she realized what the blonde girl had said.  
"What did you say?"
	"The house exploded," Mihoshi repeated, gesturing toward the no-
longer-obscured view they had of the lake.
	Washu disappeared into her laboratory, leaving Mihoshi standing 
alone for a while.  After a moment, Mihoshi realized Washu was not 
coming back out.  The blonde opened the lab door, having suddenly 
recaptured the magical abilities she had lost earlier.  Conveniently 
enough.

	Washu's lab was dark, illuminated almost solely by the 
holographic computer she was using.  Mihoshi walked up behind the 
diminutive scientist and peeked over her shoulder, staring at the 
display with all the comprehension an ant has of a steam engine.
	"Hmmm...I see...ah, these readings are strange...those variables 
are inverted..."  A constant stream of mumblings came from Washu as she 
rapidly brought up and closed screens of data as fast as Mihoshi could 
register they were appearing.
	"Ah.  A shift error," Washu said, shaking her head.  "I suppose 
it was bound to happen, sooner or later."
	"What's that, little Washu?" Mihoshi asked.
	"It's an error in dimensional transference that results when two 
pieces of matter occupy the exact same space at once.  The result is a 
massive explosion."
	"Um...okay," Mihoshi said.
	"You don't understand a thing, do you?"
	"Nope!" Mihoshi said cheerily.
	Washu shook her head.  "It looks like class is IN SESSION!" she 
yelled, as a desk popped up underneath Mihoshi, as well as a podium 
underneath Washu.  She ducked behind the podium for a second, then 
appeared a moment later dressed in full Royal Academy garb.  "Today's 
lesson will be taught by super teacher Professor Little Washu!  The 
greatest scientific genius in the universe!"
	Washu turned to her pupil, who was idly playing with her pencil.  
"Miss Mihoshi!  Pay attention!"  Mihoshi immediately sat up straight, 
dropping the pencil on the ground.  "Now, for lesson one: traveling 
through matter.
	"Traveling through matter is impossible, because two pieces of 
matter cannot coexist in the same place at the same time" Washu said 
succinctly.  "Now for lesson two: doing the impossible."  To help Washu 
illustrate, a screen came down from the ceiling.
	"You see, Ryoko's ability to 'phase'"--Washu made the little 
quotation marks with her hands--"through walls, is actually derived 
from a level of sub dimensional travel during which Ryoko does not 
technically exist in the material world as we know it.  Her ability to 
teleport is related to this skill, as well.
	"So, when Ryoko travels through matter," Washu pressed a button 
and a picture of Ryoko phasing through a wall appeared on the screen, 
"she is actually moving through an unoccupied space in an alternate 
universe."  Washu pressed another button and a picture of a crudely 
drawn chibi-Ryoko appeared, surrounded by a black void with the normal 
stars and nebulae and galaxies that represented space, for some unknown 
reason.
	Mihoshi spoke up.  "How did this cause an explosion?" she asked.
	"Raise your hand."
	Mihoshi raised her hand.
	"Miss Mihoshi?"
	"Um...I forgot my question."
	Washu froze for a second, then fell down.  She was back on her 
feet momentarily, though.  "I'll explain how this caused an explosion.  
You see, matter can't coexist in the same space as other matter, as I 
said earlier.  However, when Ryoko is phasing through matter, if she 
were to revert back into reality, matter would coexist in the same 
place at the same time.  This is bad."  Washu pressed a button, and a 
picture of a mushroom cloud came up on the screen.
	"However, there were safety mechanisms ingrained within Ryoko's 
psyche to keep her from doing such a thing.  Something traumatic must 
have happened to cause them to fail."  Washu rubbed her chin, deep in 
though.
	"Maybe she walked in on Ayeka and Tenchi having sex," Mihoshi 
ventured.  "I have a few times, and I know that it certainly shocked 
me.  Especially the style they were doing it in.  Did you know Ayeka 
will take it up the--"
	"Wait, what did you say?" Washu asked, both because the weight of 
Mihoshi's words had penetrated her thoughts, and also because Mihoshi 
was about to say something vulgar and out of character.
	"I said Ayeka takes it up the--"
	"Before that!"
	"That Ayeka and Tenchi are having sex?  You didn't know that?"
	"No, I didn't!  When did this happen?"
	"I first walked in on them a few weeks ago."
	"Mihoshi, you may have just figured out the answer."  Washu 
snapped her fingers, and the podium, screen, and desk all disappeared.  
"Quickly, to ground zero!" Washu exclaimed as she ran out of the room.
	Mihoshi sat up, rubbing her bottom from where she had fallen when 
the desk disappeared, then scrambled after Washu.

	Mihoshi arrived at the center of a large, blackened crater to 
find Washu holding a visibly charred Ryoko.  Next to her were Tenchi 
and Ayeka, who in addition to being charred, were shocked and very 
exposed.
	"What happened here?" Washu asked.
	"Well, you see," Tenchi began, finally coming to his senses.
	"I heard Ryoko harassing Tenchi and came in here to stop her," 
Ayeka finished for him, coming to her senses the same.
	"Oh, give it up, you two.  I know you've been humping like 
bunnies for weeks now," Washu reprimanded. 
	"You knew?" Tenchi asked.
	"But Washu, I thought you said--" Mihoshi was cut off by Washu 
throwing a random piece of rubble at her head.
	"Yes, I knew.  Now, you two are going to have to rebuild this 
part of the house by yourselves.  Because I have to take care of her 
until she recovers."
	"But, she exploded!" Ayeka stammered.
	"My Ryoko's a tough girl.  Hopefully she'll be able to clear her 
mind of the vile act she saw you two performing.  Shame on you!  You 
should know the trauma you could cause to somebody who sees you doing 
that!" Washu harshly rebuked.  "Now, get to work on repairs!"
	Washu walked out in a huff, leaving a naked Tenchi and Ayeka, as 
well as an unconscious Mihoshi, alone.
	"Well, I suppose we should go get some supplies from the shed," 
Tenchi said to Ayeka.
	The two walked to the shed, naked and dirty.  Once there, they 
looked around for some work clothes to hide their nakedness.
	"Oh, Tenchi..." Ayeka's voice sang sweetly as she shut the door,  
"we never finished what we started this morning."  To accentuate the 
point, Ayeka leaned over a work bench, giving Tenchi a good view of her 
naughty bits.
	Unable to resist, Tenchi was on her in seconds, the sounds of 
screwing filling the shed.

	Sasami was in the kitchen where she had been all morning.  
Somehow, she had remained oblivious to the massive explosion, and was 
still busily working on breakfast.  Her concentration was broken by a 
sad "Miya" from behind her.
	Ryo-Ohki was in child form, looking at her with her big starry 
eyes.
	"Oh, Ryo-Ohki, I'll give you a carrot.  Hold on a second."  
Sasami looked around the kitchen briefly, then realized there weren't 
any more carrots around.  "Oh, I'm sorry!  I used the last one in the 
food!" she apologized.
	Ryo-Ohki looked at her sadly, and Sasami melted.  "Okay, I'll go 
get you one from the shed!  Stay here and I'll be right back!"

	Moments later, on Jurai, an entire section of the Royal Palace 
was smoking rubble.

*END*

Author's Notes:  First of all, I'd like to give thanks to Mirage.  
Because she didn't use my idea, I was so indignant I had to go off and 
write it on my own, just to show her.  So HA!  And I'd also like to 
thank Fish for her excellent prereading that made the fic much better 
to read.  And thanks to Firebird for coming up with the better idea that 
Mirage discarded my idea for, and thanks to EAG for reassuring me that 
it didn't suck, and speaking with a calm, soothing voice.

