I finally decided to continue.

Oh well...

Disclaimer: These characters aren't mine. I'm just wilfully
(ab)using them with no prior consent.

However, I would like to make the important distinction that this is a work
of fantasy, and that I would not cause anyone to come to harm; Unlike
certain persons, I keep my desires STRICTLY in the consensual range. This is
a very unlikely scenario. I will freely admit my tastes are a little...
extreme, but this isn't something I would do in reality.

Not like this, anyway.

Something Snapped 3
===================

The morning sun rose over Tokyo, revealing the view through a window of a
small, well-kept apartment.

Or rather, NORMALLY a well-kept apartment. Kiyone and Mihoshi's apartment.

*click-rattle-creak...*

"I'm back, Mihoshi... Altair-5 was great. Absolute bliss..." Kiyone dropped
her bags in the hallway, and stretched, glad to be home. Then she looked
around.

She blinked.

"WHAT'S HAPPENED?"

The apartment, as could be guessed from her horrified yell, was a mess.
Worse than a mess.

A disaster area. Earthquake zone.

*YAWN*

Kiyone turned round to see a barely dressed, dishevelled Mihoshi staggering
out of a closet.

"WAI! You're back!" Kiyone was nearly flattened as Mihoshi grabbed her,
enveloping her in a huge hug.

"I'm glad to see you, too... now what's happened?"

Mihoshi giggled. "I met some nice people in a bar the other day. We drank a
bit... and then we came back here!"

Looking around, Kiyone thought that she must have invited back the full
Welsh rugby squad.

"One of them left me this kawaii shirt! And then they came back the next
night!"

The shirt was green and white... with a red, european dragon on the breast.

Kiyone clapped her hands to her face. "I said NO PARTIES, Mihoshi! We're
still finding things from the last one you threw!"

Mihoshi continued her inane babble about the party. Finally, Kiyone had had
enough; she kicked a chair, clearing the remains of a pizza and a couple of
bottles from the seat.

"Stay here. You've been warned about this before!"

Kiyone stormed through the apartment, hunting for the item she knew she'd
left. A large, flat hairbrush...

...Underneath an old, reeking jockstrap. She flipped the hairbrush up, and
grabbed it by the handle.

"Ara, Kiyone, what's that for?"

Mihoshi was standing behind her, eyes full of curiosity and innocence.

Kiyone took a deep breath. "Do you remember what I said I'd do next time you
fouled up like this?"

Mihoshi giggled. "You said you'd turn me over your knee... but you didn't
tell me what it meant."

Kiyone's face went even more grim, and she sat down on the chair beside her,
while Mihoshi kept giggling.

"Mihoshi, get down here." And before the blonde girl could reply, she'd been
pulled across her knee.

"What? What are you doing, Kiyone?"

"Giving you what you deserve," she growled, as she pulled the tanned girl's
panties down to her knees.

Mihoshi suddenly realised what was about to happen...

"Please don't Mihoshi! I'm too big to beeEEEYOW!"

The flat back of the hairbrush cracked down on her bare behind; the tanned
cheeks pancaked and rippled slightly under the blow. Kiyone let loose,
raining blows down on Mihoshi's bare behind, while the poor ditz wailed and
kicked. The golden tan- she'd always been bold enough to sunbathe nude-
deepened to a deep red as her buttocks bounced and writhed as Kiyone let all
her annoyance and fury out on the seat of the seat of her problems. Blonde
and teal hair flew; one on pain and shock, the other with exhaustion.

Finally, Kiyone stopped; Mihoshi was sobbing, tears streaming down her face.
At some point she'd put her hands behind her back, trying to protect her
behind from the rain of pain. Kiyone had simply grabbed her hands and held
her tighter, redoubling the spanking.

It was a very sorry Mihoshi who got up, rubbing- or at least, trying to rub-
her scarlet rear. Kiyone felt a pang of sympathy for her; it was possible
that she'd gone a bit too far. Best not to let her know that.

"Mihoshi... I warned you. The least that you could have done is to tidy up
the place."

Still crying, Mihoshi nodded.

"Look... There's some cream in the bathroom. Lie on the bed and I'll get
it."

Kiyone grabbed the cream, and headed through to where a still sniffling
Mihoshi was face down on the futon. Kneeling across her back, she took a
generous handful of the cream, and started to smear it across the scarlet
moons. Mihoshi gasped, and relaxed as the cream was slowly massaged into her
burning cheeks, removing some of the pain.

Kiyone didn't notice a small packet drop out of her jeans as she finished
the job.

*****

The rest of the day was spent cleaning, and they finally brought the
apartment back into some sort of order. All the rubbish was cleared away,
and finally, in the evening, Kiyone got round to unpacking.

Then she heard a few words from Mihoshi that chilled her blood.

"You said that you'd given these things up."

She spun around to see a slim packet of cigarettes clutched in Mihoshi's
hand. They were her favourite brand.

"I only had a couple, Mihoshi..."

"I think, Kiyone, that you've been a bad girl..."

Kiyone paled a bit more. "You mean that you're going to do the same thing to
me as I did to you before?"

"Well, you did it to me..."

"But... but that was different! I told you repeatedly! NO parties!"

"And you promised me you'd quit these."

Mihoshi dived towards Kiyone, pinning her to the bed. She stretched over to
the bedside table, and picked up the hairbrush. Kiyone, her face pressed
into the bed, started trying to yell as Mihoshi started to pull down her
jeans and panties, revealing creamy flesh that would soon be reddened by
Mihoshi's hand...