Okay, this is a sequel to Something Snapped. I'm tempted to do a full
lemon version of it at some point in the future, but not yet.

---------------------------------
*THWACK*

"AAAAH!"

A shriek. Not that loud, but definitely Aeka.

*THWACK*

"YAIEEEK!"

Now THAT was definitely Ryoko.

Washuu was still in her lab, but could hear what was going on. Tenchi
had waited until the others were out of the house. Shifting slightly in
her sleep, and wincing slightly, she tapped on her keyboard, activating
the microcams she'd sent into Tenchi's room.

***

Aeka and Ryoko were not happy. Not happy at the other seeing their
humiliation. And again, they couldn't get away.

Tenchi was MAD.

"You two couldn't-"

*SLAP*

"AAAH!"

"-avoid-"

*CRACK*

"YEEK!"

"-arguing-"

*WHACK*

"ITAI!"

"-for one-"

*SPLAT*

"YEERGH!"

"-single-"

*THWACK*

"YAAH!"

"-DAY!"

*THWACKTHWACKTHWACK*

At the sudden volley of blows, Aeka and Ryoko howled in chorus, all
restraint lost. They could barely struggle, due to the damn servitors
Washuu had made for him. Tears ran freely down their facesas they waited
for Tenchi to strike again.

"What really gets me-" Aeka and Ryoko tensed as they waited for a blow-
"Is what you were arguing about. I mean, I was just SICK of you two
arguing." Tenchi walked round in front of them, squatting slightly to
get to the level of their faces.

They couldn't look him in the eye. But they kept a close eye on what he
held. Just in case...

"Let me make this clear: the fact that I dealt with Aeka first shows no
preference to her-" Here he glowered at Aeka- "nor does it mean that I
was 'getting the worst over with', Ryoko. In fact, going by your logic,
I would have been saving the best till last." Tenchi let the implication
of that sink in.

"Don't worry, I wasn't. But if you two want me to choose between you,
you're going to have to stop fighting all the time!" He walked back
behind them.

"Now, I have to decide whether you've had enough." Tenchi studied the
rear view, as it was for a while. Both girls certainly had a... ah...
healthy glow, so to speak, and wouldn't be sitting for a while.

<swish>

"EEEK!" Both girls screamed, expecting more punishment.

Tenchi chuckled. Considering what the girls were like normally, this was
a GREAT role reversal. He was terrified of what THEY would do,
normally... now they were terrified of what HE might do.

On impulse he dropped the belt, and reached out to both of them, felt
the heat coming off their buttocks. "I reckon we could boil a kettle on
you two."

"ANYTHING, Tenchi-sama, just please STOP!"

"Aeka? That's better. Now, promise me you won't start a fight with
Ryoko. And that goes for you too, Ryoko."

"I promise, Tenchi."

"On my word as a member of the Juraian royal family, in Tsunami's name,
I promise, Tenchi-sama!"

"Great. Now if I catch you two fighting again, I won't bother trying to
find out who started it, I'll just deal with both of you. Worse still,
I'll tape the proceedings and give the tape to Dad." Both girls
shivered.

Tenchi clapped his hands twice, and the servitors released the rather
subdued girls. Retrieving their clothing, they left the room, glad it
was over.

Tenchi glanced out the window, and saw a spider sitting on the frame.

"Bloody thing..." he grumbled, and squashed it.
***
A few minutes later, Tenchi was coming down the stairs, when he ran into
Washuu.

"Tenchi... I deserved what you did yesterday. So did, to a greater
extent, Aeka and Ryoko. In fact, I think if that had happened a few
years ago, we wouldn't have had this trouble here."

"Really?"

"I think so. If I'd taken Ryoko 'in hand' a few times when she was
little, she might have been a bit more respectful."

"Maybe. And Royalty tend to have 'whipping boys'- or girls, as the case
may be."

"True. If only things had worked out differently..."

"Actually, Washuu, I was just about to come and see you."

"What about?"

"This." Tenchi held up his hand. In the palm was a less that had once
been a spider.

"You want bug spray?"

"Take a closer look, Washuu."

With growing dread, Washuu saw that it wasn't just a spider. It was a
very familiar piece of surveillance technology, that she had made
herself. "What does this have to do with me?"

"Let me guess. You've been watching me, haven't you?"

Washuu blushed.

"I know what I might do with you..."

Washuu paled.

"...but I'm going to give you a sporting chance. You have five minutes
to clear all the bugs out of my room. Otherwise..."

Washuu stared at him in disbelief. "But... but... they're designed to be
undetectable! They can get anywhere! We're talking a WEEK's work!"

"'Nothing is too hard for the Greatest Genius in the Universe!' Or so
you say. Now, go and get whatever tools you need. The servitors are
there, and will start a five-minute countdown from the moment you enter
the room. When that's up... they grab you. See you soon!"

Washuu looked at Tenchi's back in horror. Five minutes? No chance. She
trotted back to her lab, got the tools she'd need, and went to find a
tube of Novocaine ointment- she was going to need it.