Something Snapped
--------------------------------

             I can't believe he just did what he did. 
             It's so... unexpected. But I should have realised something
was up when he went to see Washuu so frequently during the past week. I
hate thinking about this, but I've got to add this to my diary. 
             First, he called me up to his room. 
             Oh! There goes Ryoko! She'll not be looking so happy
soon...
             "What is it, Ten-chan?" He was standing, and had a _very_
serious look on his face. And he seemed to have changed the layout a
bit. I didn't like this a bit. 
             "It's about you and Ryoko. I'm SICK and TIRED of you two
always fighting over me and causing general HAVOC!"
             I began to get scared, and blustered. The way his voice
just leapt in volume for those words... "I-I'm sorry..."
             "Not good enough." He clapped his hands, twice, as if
commanding something. Two sets of mechanical tentacles whipped down from
the ceiling of the room, binding themselves around my arms and legs,
dragging me up towards a chair in the middle of the room. "Azaka!
Kamidake! HELP!"
             "No use, princess. Washuu also generated a field which
means that they cannot respond to your cries." With that, I found myself
thrust over the back of the chair, and, to my shame, he pushed his hand
up my robe and pulled away my panties. I was sure that he was intending
rape.
             "This is an assault on a royal person! This is TREASON!"
             "Even a princess of Jurai needs to be taken down a peg or
two, occasionally." He flipped up my robes. 
             I hear screams starting. Ryoko is finding out that Tenchi
has had enough. Heh. Apparently the field also prevents her
teleportation.  
             "Now. Do you know what this is?" Tenchi was holding out a
long, thin, stick, with a curved handle. I didn't know the name, but I
could guess what it was for.
             "You wouldn't!" 
             "Oh, yes I would. And I will."
             I counted twenty-four strokes before he let me go. And I
felt every one of them. 
             This is why I am sitting on the edge of the arm of the
sofa.
             I have to say, though, he wasn't overly vicious. He just
made me scream, and I probably won't sit down properly for several days.
He did help me downstairs, afterwards. His father and grandfather are
out, and he persuaded Washuu to look after Sasami. 
             I can hear the whistling cracks and Ryoko's screams. I'm
sure I didn't make that much noise.
             I have to admit, it wasn't much fun, being... caned (if
that's the right word) but the immediate prelude was surprisingly
pleasurable. The anticipation...
             I wonder if he'll do it again?
             "Hey, oneechan!"
             Sasami has come back. I turn a a still watery smile to her.
             "Oneechan... have you been crying? Why are you sitting
funny?"
             "Ask Ryoko, Imouto-chan. She will be along in a minute."
Very true. the screams have stopped. Maybe she passed out? 
             No. Here comes Tenchi now, supporting a very upset Ryoko.
             Tenchi looks directly at Washuu, who pales. Oho ho ho...
---End---