Disclaimer: I do not own the characters used in my favorite cartoon, I
simply
use them as the thread in the golden fleece of my imagination...

Snow: Chapter 2

Marlon Laughed at Nicholies demands...

“Heh, now you listen to me white boy..... I am the one who gives orders
around here.  This is MY world, these are MY rules, and these are MY crack
whores!  Heh, heh”

Marlon belched.  Nicholies men pointed their guns at Marlon.  Nicholie got
up
close to Marlons face and whispered something to him.

“Now you listen to me negro.... Zis little shit whole you call a house may
be
your world.... But Mother Russia my friend....is mine...” Said Nicholie in
a
soft yet threatening voice.

<Bang!>

Nicholies guard shot Marlon in the foot.

“AAARRRRRGGGHHHH!!!” Marlon squealed in pain.

Marlons whores ran in every direction.  Usually, at the sound of gunfire,
one
of Marlons guards would have burst through the door with a weapon.  But in
this case, they thought that the gunfire was probably Marlon shooting one of
the visitors.  Besides, his men were all fat and lazy and really didn't give
a shit as to what happened so long as they get paid their usual high salary
and free whores.

“YOU FUCKING BASTARD!!!” Shouted Marlon.

Blood was all over the floor... Marlon held his foot tightly with his hands.
It would be impossible for him to see a doctor... He was wanted in most
parts
of Russia for distributing and buying drugs of almost every kind..

Nicholie signaled for one of his men to hand him a white glove.  It was one
of those medical latex gloves used in hospitals.  Those gloves came in handy
for the Mafia; always needing to hide things and cover murders and evidence
up.  Nicholie snapped the glove on tightly.  Marlon kept screeming.  Nicole
smiled.

“So, how ‘bout it Negro.....care to show me vere zis girl is?”

“FUCK YOU!!!” Shouted Marlon.

Nicholie shook his head.

“Ts, ts, ts,.... zats too bad for you,” said Nicholie...  “You have
disappointed me....”

Nicholie swiftly stuck two fingers into Marlons wound with the glove he put
on.

“AAAAHHHHHHH OH GOD! OH GOD! AHHHH!!!” Marlon screamed in agony.

Nicholie pulled his fingers out.

“Well?” Nicholie asked as he held up the same two fingers which now were
saturated in blood.

“FINE!!!” shouted Marlon.

“It’s right through that door...” said one of his whores.

“Boris, Ghelhc, you two vatch ze negro... me and Washu vill go and talk to
ze
girl.”

Nicholies men nodded their heads.  Washu had her eyes and ears shut the
entire time during the ‘incident’.  Washu bent towards Nicholie.

“Nicholie... What the hell are you doing!?” Said a frustrated Washu.

“I did everything zat vas necessary.”

Nicholie and Washu proceeded through the door way and were appalled at what
they saw.  Little girls ages 11-17 chained up against the wall.  They were
prisoners.  Literally prostitutes but still prisoners.  Non of them
responded.  People come in there all the time.  Mostly men, men who want a
girl to take home for the night.  Or in some cases.....forever.
                   Washu put her hand over her mouth.  Her eyes were wide
open with shock.

“Nicholie! What are these poor little girls doin chained up to the wall
like
that!!?” She asked in a startled tone.

“Calm down Washu.  Zey are prostitutes, you know.. mere rats of
society...”
Nicholie looked at Washu with a half smile on his face.  “Your amazement
is
amusing to me, please excuse me if I smile...”

Washu grabbed Nicholie by his suit collar and brought herself eye to eye
with
him.

“Now you listen to me! I dont care if there prostitutes, I don’t even
fucking care if they are  Demons!   No child deserves to be treated like
this.!” Said Washu with authority.

Nicholie sighed at Washus nagging.

“Vich one of you is Arina?” He said...

He looked at all the faces... They were all the most beautiful girls in the
world.  Apparently Marlon kills the girls if they are not beautiful by the
age of 11, leaving the most beautiful of girls for his “collection”.
Some
were naked, some partially nude.  All of them were sad, and no one spoke at
Nicholies words. Washu said something..

“Please... I promise I will get you all out of here but you just have to
cooperate with us for the time being,” she said.

After Washu said this one of the girls looked up.  Washu looked at her with
loving eyes.  She examined her body.  She was the most beautiful of all the
girls.  Her hair was shining gold, Her eyes were grayish blue.  She had the
body of a goddess, and yet, there she was... a prostitute for an ugly scar
faced pimp named Marlon.. Who in Washu’s mind was gonna pay for what
he’d
done.  The girl wore an extremely short skirt barely covering her butt.  Her
tank top was white, and low cut showing a great deal of cleavage.  Although
young, she was very grown up.  But that's the way that Marlon likes them...

The little girl cleared her throat.  She never talked much.  She never
needed
too.

“Um.......I am....am, Arina....” She said with a voice so delicate and
sweet, that Washu almost melted.

Washu walked over to her.  The girl wouldn’t have spoken if she didn’t
think
Washu was going to try and take her home and rape and abuse her... like all
the others do.

“Sweety, we’re gonna get you outta here....”

The girl looked down.  She didn’t believe Washu.  There wasn’t a man
rich
enough in Russia, who could afford Marlons price. The little girl half
smiled.  Then Nicholie approached her.

“Hello, Arina...I am Nicholie Hel...” Nicholie did his best to try and
be
friendly.  But  he sounded too much like one of the men that take her home.
He fit the description too.

“You are like all the others... All the others who want me to bounce on
their
laps!”

The little girl backed away.

“I just need to ask you  a few questions...”

The little girl seemed a little more comfortable with him around as long as
Washu was there.  Nicholie asked the girl the questions he needed to find
out
about Karkaroff.

Washu walked around the room and explored.  Fortunately the girls in the
room
all spoke English.  Marlon was American... So he raised them to speak
English, some of them even had a little bit of a gangster street accent; the
way Marlon spoke.  Washu could hear something in the distance... She heard
it
coming from the other side of the wall she was next too.  She walked towards
the wall.  A 15 year old girl with Light brown hair and green eyes got in
front of her.

“Please mam... don’t bother going over there... Its nothing..” She
said.

The sound became louder... It was clear to Washu what the sound was without
her even having to take a step closer.  Some guy was having sex in the next
room.
But the voice wasn’t an adult voice..... Washu’s face turned red.... She
grabbed one of Nicholies guns...

“Miss nooooo!!!!!!” screamed the girl in a desperate attempt to stop
her.

<BANG!!!>

Washu shot the wall and the old wall collapsed.  A grown man was on top of a
little girl and was continually humping her.  Washu pointed the gun at the
man, whos length was still inside the teary eyed girl.  She looked around
the
room and found girls that were next, chained against the wall.  They all had
tears in their eyes.

“Put your fucking hands up you bastard!! and step away from the girl!!”
Washu shouted.

The naked and very fat man put his hands up and slowly pulled out of the
girl.  The man was yelling at Washu in Russian, trying to tell her that he
paid fair and square for this little girl, and the rest to come after her.
Nicholie ran into the next room and took the gun away from Washu...

“If you EVER! Do somezing like zat again! You vill be puinished!!!!”
Nicholie screamed at her.

“But Nicholie!”

“Washu zings are different out here, you must understand zat!”

“I understand one thing!  That is that I will not stand for this.  I’m
taking Arina back home to Japan with me.  She will be my new daughter.”

___________________________

Did you like that?  Do you want more of it? I enjoy writing this fic, and
the
story gets better and better.  E-mail me and tell me what you think of it.
Sorry it's so short, the rest will be longer.
