Name: Ellis J. (Gannon)
E-mail: ellisdiggs@hotmail.com
Satus: Intimate Lemon
Title: Tenchi Muyo: So Anxious
 The characters in this story belong to whoever they belong to. I have no
intention of claiming any of the names stated in this story. They belong to
whoever owns them.

                                              AUTHOR'S NOTE

Yeah, I'm the guy who made Tenchi: Mind Triangle and the fake lemon. I've
made up my mind to leave Tenchi: Mind Triangle behind to
make this one which I will be dedicated to. Think of Mind triangle as a side
quest of some nature, in fact it was Tenchi's premuniton in this story,
although this one has a different touch. Give this story a chance and read
the whole thing, after all, it IS a lemon....
P.S: By the way, Joubai is what I called Myuka(Tenchi's daughter) for a
nickname(LONG STORY) as I expressed in my previous scripts. I won't do that
this time.

                               TENCHI MUYO: SO ANXIOUS

    "Are you certain I'm O.K, Doctor Hyserus? I mean, this never happened to
me before." Tenchi paced the small cubic room on the tenth floor of a
complex building, looking out on the lower afternoon sky and the busy form
of life as far as the eye could see.
    The shrink that knew and seen Tenchi for a frequent month looked
at the dark eyes he had seen many times before, now holding an uneasiness
and discomforted fear.
    "I've known you for what, a month Tenchi? I've seen many cases like this
and I'm telling you it's O.K that your starting to enjoy your friends'
company more."
    Tenchi shifted uncomfortably as he sat back down in the soft green couch
he had grown used to.
    "I'm not ENJOYING their company, I starting to LIKE them!
Y' know, in that way where you think about them alot, and want to do THAT
with them! You have to help me!"
Tenchi spoke rather tiredly.
    The shrink known as Doctor Hyserus twitched his round framed glasses as
he looked down at his progession sheet cuffed in his hand, staring it over
many times before he spoke in his straight-forward tone, "All of our
sessions have been about you being in a disposition, how your confused about
you title on being a prince, your duties towards the world and how you saved
your future and your life on several occasions; not to mention your daughter
made of your DNA and a villians' which you killed. Not ONCE stating about
your feelings and emotions towards your FRIENDS, or love triangles, or
anything of that nature although you lived with it for years. I think your
very mature and this is a small thing here--"
    "It CAN'T be!" Tenchi jumped up from the couch, meeting the window as he
pressed his palms against the wall-sized glass. "This is HUGE doctor, I
don't want to feel this way about my FAMILY, yet I can't help it." Tenchi
lowered his face as his forehead gave the window a hug.
    "You feel that way about that Sassami girl too, and your daughter as
well? Although it's mostly generated towards the older girls?" The white
hared shrink asked.
    "Yeah...." Tenchi said slowly.
    The shrink made a dismissive gesture, "No wonder then! Tenchi, your too
mature and civil to fall for a girl that's too young and your own daughter
at that. Tenchi, as stated in your previous reports, you were uncomfortable
about having so many girls live with you and your folks in the first place.
Do you want to know why I think that is?" Doctor Hyserus looked on at him.
    Tenchi turned around and shook his head the way a detective disapproves
of a clue.
    "Because you didn't like them! Over the time they spent living with you,
you adapted to their ways and began liking them. Your feelings for them are
like a brother to a sister!Your perfectly fine!" Tenchi's trusted shrink
reassured him with his final statement, which Tenchi in turn, accepted.
    Tenchi wiped his forehead with the back of his hand, not that there was
any sweat to be seen, but wiping off the past events off him to awake in a
new
reality. he was cured, or as his shrink had said, "fine," which he agreed as
exactly what he needed.
    Tenchi would have left feeling cured if he wasn't
intent on being "normal" once more. He needed some proof, someone to monitor
him in his quest to erase his thoughts of emotions once and for all. He
considered the gang to be his family now, sure. But he was going to make
certain it wasn't going to be any more than that.
    Something had caught his eye on the left wall from his shrink's arm
chair. As Tenchi went to investigate, his shrink went on, "Even if you did
start to like them to the point where it aroused your sexual entity, there
is nothing wrong with that, is there? Who hasn't and who won't!? Hell, if
you were a sexa-holic it would be perfectly fine--"
    Tenchi had mentally drowned him out, along with his strong words and
straight-forward tone that related to Washu. He had just finished reading
the posted ad for the very company he was with for a month, a jagged
expression on his face as he turned on Doctor Hyserus.
    "Could you sign me up for this program?"
    his shrink gave him a shocked expression as he merely glanced at the
posted ad. "You want to sign up for a program that lets a total stranger in
you house to monitor you!?"
    "Yep." Tenchi gave a slight nod.
    "Of course you know, that your privacy will be invaded at all times and
you'll be kept like a caged pet at all hours! That program is for people who
we think need to be monitored in order to figure out if thier psycho's or
not. The experienced volunteer judges if the person needs to be in a hosbis,
a mental hospital, or transfered to a corporation for the mentally
chalenged!" The shrink explained.
    "That's a chance I'll have to take Doctor Hyserus. If it proves that I'm
turning into an excited puppy, than that's where I deserve to be!"
Tenchi pressed his thumb to his upper chest.
    The shrink slapped his knees as he stood up, staring Tenchi in the eye
as he spoke, "I can tell your serious about this, but I'm not signing you up
for such a silly gamble!"
    Tenchi was about to speak when Doctor Hyserus silenced him with a raised
index finger. "Instead, I will conduct the program. This way you will have
the privacy you need without someone on your back all the time!"
    Tenchi threw his fist in the air, "Great!"
    "I have an aid of mine named Tye that transfered from California who is
a good reporter. He's held back on skills, so this
assignment will be his biggest one. He's a good crowd pleaser and a people
person. He'll understand your needs and help you."
    "Perfect. Thank you doctor!" Tenchi said as he headed towards the door.
    "I must caution you, he may change the way
of living in your house by the time the program is over!"
    Tenchi just laughed, "However long it is will be is just fine." Tenchi
said, opening the door.
    "A whole entire year, or maybe longer!" The shrink smiled.

    "I just went for a pleasant walk through the forrest." Tenchi explained
to Ryoko, who was very upset that he didn't return home at the time she
usually tackled him down.
    "D' you know what time it is? It's about twenty minutes till Sassami
makes dinner!" Ryoko said flatly.
    Tenchi wasn't about to tell her that he had just went to see a shrink
for the tenth time that month, discussing about his disposition and his
naughty emotions torwards her and the others. He did, however, tell her
about the "friend" that would be staying with them for a year or so.
Although he was approved by his dad, grandfather, Sassami, Myuka, and
Mihoushi, the others kept very little mind; especially a silver haired women
by the name of Ryoko.
    "First your walking over this Tye's house, and now he's staying for a
whole year!? Not to mention the fact that you keep coming back later and
later!" Ryoko folded her arms in a criss-cross formation as she glared at
the dark hared cutey.
    "Thank you for helping me keep my curfew Ryoko." Tenchi tried to relax
in his couch as his eyes remained evasive from Ryoko's body.
    Ryoko was about to comment on that when Ayeka came to the rescue,
"Honestly Ryoko, would you stop bothering Tenchi? Last time I checked,
Tenchi was old enough to look after himself." She gave a playful smirk.
    Ryoko would have blushed if it wern't for her way-around-the-world
attitude. "I have to be cautious Ayeka. When someone is your lover, you
can't help but be a little careful, not that YOU would know about that sort
of thing Ayeka." She returned a smile.
    Ayeka put up a fist an inch away from Ryoko's chin, "Liar, you take that
back!"
    Tenchi looked at the two beauties in awe and wonder, a million ideas
entering his mind. He could have them if he wanted. Hell, Ryoko was all over
him while Ayeka was always defending him at all cost! Heaven knows if he
couldn't could take both of those fine pieces of silky flesh into his
domain! Both bodies clashing against his, muffled cries and hard groans the
only
voice, as they both called his name to express their pleasure, he would
be satisfied. "Tenchi! 'Tenchi!'"
    It was like a song. Should he make a move? Still, he had to control
himself.

    Ryoko and Aeka's fight raged on, partical energy sphere's and
electromagnic strikes traded the offensive. Mihoshi and Kyonne jumped in,
holding Ryoko as Sassami and Myuka were trying to talk Ayeka out of it,
Tenchi in the middle of the fray as Washu watched in her own personal
pleasure. The saying, 'Saved by the bell' couldn't be any more clearer
with the sudden knock on the door that took place, stopping everyone in
their tracks.
    Tenchi took the time to leap towards the door and answer it while
everyone was still frozen. When he opened the door, his eyes locked on the
large musical radio, caramel hands in front of his chest, as to
create the theme that he was handing it to Tenchi. A song he had never heard
before played throughout the relative of the "living room" the group of
people "singing" sounded as if they were speaking another language dispite
the fact that he could understand and speak the english language.
    "Bling! Bling!" The unknown figure sang with it. "Everytime I come
through yo city, bling bling!" The person put the back of his hand in
Tenchi's face twice.
    Tenchi finally picked himself from his bent over postion on the radio
and faced the person.
    The boy was no more than Tenchi's age and height, Kyonne's complexion
with a thin patch of hair as if it was a blanket for his scalp. His eyes
were hidden under the deeply shaded, silver framed glasses that added to the
charm of the half cracked smile he held. His pure white T-shirt wrapped with
a zipper-alined ruby vest and his dark sweats along with white sneakers that
was the opposite of the summer atmosphere.
    "So, this the place huh?" The boy Tenchi figured was Tye walked past
him, setting his radio on the kitchen counter and went back to stand in
front of the door as he gazed at everyone.
    "Who's he?" Ryoko asked, totally forgeting five minutes before.
    "D-M-X, and my dog's bite! Jiga's my name, I can ride it all night!" Tye
answered. Ryoko raised both eyebrows in confusion towards Tye's song.
    "His name is Tye remember? That was just a rap." Tenchi said. He had
heard and known the phrase at school and on the internet and was well known
to it, but not enough to like it.
    This somewhat cleared the head of the girls from whatever they were
thinking a second ago. The whole gang except for Tenchi should of had hearts
over their eyes, because the glare they had on their faces was more or less
like, "Oh look, a visitor!" Or in regular terms
set aside for Ryoko, Washu, and Kyonne, it was like, "Hmmm, interesting...."
(Washu), ".........." (Kyonne), and finally, "Whoa, this guys packing"
 (Ryoko).
    Tye simply stood completely at ease, taking in everything as if it were
a breath, using three seconds to check out each girl as if to study them for
an experiment.
    The one known as "Grandpa" to everyone in the house stepped in casually,
but almost dropped his evening tea when he saw Tye, looking somewhat
startled by the sight. Tye looked on at Grandpa in awe, eyes hiding a
certain emotion under the dark glasses. Grandpa turned pace, and walked into
the backyard once again.
    "I guess he didn't expect a negro." Tye shrugged.
    Tenchi was about to ponder over what Tye had said when Tye turned to
face him quickly. "Tenchi Muyo?" Tye said casually, saying the sentence as
if it wasn't even a question.
    "Hey," Tenchi kept on, thankful that his short sentence sounded like a
greeting, as he in turn, exchanged one. The girls would think he knew him
now. "You haven't met my, ahem, fri--friends! There is Ryoko, Ayeka,
Mihoushi, Kyonne, Washu, Sassami, and Myuka. Grandpa and Father are out
back.
    The girls greeted him. Tye took off his glasses and made a half cracked
smile as if to say, "Jack-Pot-Bay-Bay!"

    "Dinners ready! Everyone gather around the table!" Sassami called and
rushed to the kitchen.
    "A little girl does hard labor for older group, and the emotional pain
that goes on inside. Next time on the Oprah Winfrey show." Tye joked aloud.
    Luckily for Tenchi, the girls didn't have a clue what he was talking
about, and just ignored it.
    Everyone except Tye took their seat around the table, before they
noticed the guest wasn't budging. Tenchi had already gotten the extra chair
out a while ago, but Tenchi noticed that Tye was puzzling over where to sit.
Naturally, any other guy would've taking their place by Tenchi, but Tye was
actually taking the time to look and see to scoot in between, as in the
girls.
    Finally Tye seated in the middle of Tenchi and Myuka, just as Sassami
handed him a plate of her famous ramen, fried rice, and soup.
    "And one for you....." Sassami went on happily about her business.

    Then it started off. Ryoko as usual was pigging out, almost halfway
done and going strong as eyes occasionally glancing at her.
    "I'll be upstairs Tenchi, hurry and catch up. Don't worry, I'll find my
way up." Tye got up from his seat and went upstairs.
    Ryoko's eyes went blank along with everyone else's as they saw the ramen
without a noodle, the fried rice without one grain left on the
plate, and the soup without a drop; neatness and manners at it's best. To
top it all off, the plate and the bowl was on the kitchen counter,
spotless and fully cleaned by his own handywork.
    "Wha!? Impossible!" Was all Ryoko found to say as she finished. The
shock from the whole deal still stunning her. This new cute boy, he carried
a whole new level with him. He was going to be a problem if things
kept up. The funny thing was, she couldn't help but feel a bit charged by
the whole thing, a bit of interest sparking in her that filled the gap that
even Tenchi couldn't fill. That Tench refused to fill.....
    "Ahhhhhhhh!!!" A faint voice was yelling upstairs.
Everyone immediatly stood up as to tune in on what was going on. Something
could be happening to Tye.
    "Opps, err, wrong room, heh heh heh." Tye called down with a laugh.
    "Session One begining." Tenchi mumbled as he got up to leave the table.

    "So what DID you call me up here for? Seriously." Tenchi asked Tye. He
had just been through the two hour conversation of 'Nothing is wrong with
you,' and 'I'll monitor your behavior'. Tye reassured him enough to get past
the night, now he was becoming a detective.
    "We have to split-- you get Ryoko and Ayeka. I get Mihoushi, Kyonne and
Myuka. Washu and Sassami? hell naw."
    "Whatever. What!?" Tenchi jumped up.
    "C'mon now, to deny our impulses' is to deny our very being! It's fine
to talk about these things as long as you know to controll yourself. As men,
it's all in good humor!"
    Tenchi let this sink in. He was right, as long as he knew to control
himself, it was all in good humor, right?
    "Ryoko is very woman-like, you know, mature? But what does Ayeka have?
Personality?" Tenchi let his mind drift as he spoke.
Tye looked at him, "Who the HELL tol' you dat? A crack-head? Ayeka is hella
fine! You better be lucky those girls are love with you. That doesn't happen
often. Man, if Ayeka was in love with me I'd take her an--"
    "Let's go to bed now!" Tenchi shivered.
    "G' night Tenchi. I don't know why, but somethings going to happen
tomorrow, I can feel it."
    "I know."
    "How do you know?"
    "I had a dream. No, a premunition about this called Tenchi Muyo: Mind
Triangle yesterday......Nevermind though, good night." Tenchi turned.
    "Explain." Tye commanded mildly.
    "A guy that looked like you was interested in the girls--"
    "Tenchi, I'm not a pervert, I just think the girls are unique in a way."
    "Anyway, the guy used a device to get to my world--"
    "Like me using a monitor program to live in your house?" Tye interupted.
    "I found him naked and........erected on the shrine steps. As I took you
to my room, all of the girls followed--"
    "I'm innocently making everyone in the house attracted to me." Tye
focused.
    "When I finally gave you some proper clothing, you and I were wearing
the same thing. This all happened in one day."
    "What are you saying? We are supposed to be related and that made the
girls like me?"
    "Good night, Tye."
    "........................."

    The next morning started off the same as usual: breakfast at daybreak,
then off to chores. Tenchi was seated at the table with the rest of the
gang. Breakfast was served, but it was traditional to eat with everyone
present, so they all waited.
    "Where is the little runt anyway?" Ryoko snorted.
    As if to answer her question, a voice from the front door sang his song:
"I've been really tryin' baby! Tryin' to hold back this feelin' for so
loooooong........and if YOU feel, like I feel baby..........."
    Tye burst through the door, emotion showing as he entered the living
room:
    "C'mon, oooooohh c'mon. Whooo! Let's get it on!"
    Tye was spinning around the table, passion through the song arousing
everyone except Myuka and Sassami, who thought it was just plain fun:
    "Awe baby, let's get it on! Let's love baby......."
    Tye was doing the MoonWalker down the end of the table that lead to his
seat:
    "C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon darlin', stop beating 'round the bush!
Oh, I wanna get it on, oh oh oh! I WANT TO GET IT ON, YEAH!"
    With a final spin, he was seated at his spot around the table.
    "That was fun!" Sassami and Myuka shared their comments. The rest of the
girls were too red cheeked to say anything.
    Tye and Ryoko had already started eating when Mihoushi broke the little
contest, "My backing is really killing me!" She complained
    "Did I hear a cry for a back massage?" Tye implied.
    "Well, it would have to wait until my chores are done." Mihoushi piped
out after Kyonne jabbed her in the ribs. She expected Mihoushi to play hard
to get, especially over a stranger. To many people had broken Mihoushi
gullible heart, Kyonne was going to make sure it didn't happen anymore.
    "Don't worry about your chores, I'll do them for you. What are gentlemen
for anyway?" Tye handed his clean dishes to Sassami.
    "Wow, thank you!" Mihoushi couldn't help herself.
    Ryoko phased against Tye's chest. Tye had never seen that before, but in
Tenchi's report, it had told the tale.
    "Can you do my chores as well?" Ryoko was playing kitty-cat with Tye's
chest and neck. To Ryoko's surprise, he wasn't the least bit intimidated. He
simply handed her a folded note and agreed. She took one look at the note
and
homed in on Tenchi, their eyes met. Ryoko blushed, mouth ajar, and phased
her way out the door; Tye smiling the whole time.
    "HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" A voice from the basement rang through. Before anyone
could say anything, Washu stepped in front of the table, ready to give a
speech.
    "Surprising news everyone. I just recently found out from testing
Tenchi's DNA with Tye's, that they have a funny mix up."
    "What kind of mix up?" Ayeka called out to Washu.
    Washu kept a professional composure, "It's not un-common to call them
'cousins' if I'm not mistaken. You see, Tenchi's grandpa had a sister who
passed away. Before that, she had a child who in turn, gave off another
child, Tye. You can do the math for there."

    "Anything wrong lord Tenchi?" Ayeka walked up to her beloved prince. It
was already past lunch, Tenchi was seated alone on the couch with Mihoushi
right across with Kyonne. Mihoushi was getting tips on how to 'test' Tye for
the massage later. For some reason Tenchi wanted to see how it was going to
turn out, so he kept quiet.
    "Nothing Ayeka, just thinking. I've already told grandpa and father
about it, and in the end everything turned out fine. That's why grandpa was
startled upon seeing Tye."
    "How is Tye?"
    "First he threw-up in the bathroom. Then he called Dr. Hyser-- uh, his
father and told him what happened. Both of our families agree he can stay as
long as he wants after the year is over. As long as he checks in at home."
    Tye came in from downstairs. As if on cue Kyonne went upstairs as Tye
took his seat next to Tenchi.
    "Could you get me some water Ayeka?" Tye asked.
    "The sink is right over there Tye." Ayeka said gently.
    "I sorry Ayeka," Tye said, "your right, black people should get things
for themselves."
    "I wasn't discriminating you--" Ayeka blushed.
    "Yes you are," Tye went on, "if Tenchi were to say, 'get me some water
bitch', than you would say, 'right away lord Tenchi!" Tye mocked the voices
perfectly. Tenchi was red in the face.
    "Better yet," Tye explained, "if Tenchi were to say, 'suck my dick', you
would say, 'how do you want it Tenchi?' It's not fair to not do the same for
everyone."
    Ayeka was to overcome with embarrassment. "It's only because he's the
prince--"
    "Well I'm his cousin, shouldn't you be showing me the same
hospitality? After all, we are of the same blood."
    Ayeka was too choked to speak. "I must be going now, good day lord
Tenchi--" She stopped short as Tye smiled. Ayeka quickly went on the
defensive. "Also you lord Tye." Ayeka said as she went upstairs.
    "Cute, but she's sprung on one person." Tye finished.
    "What was that all about?" Tenchi asked.
    "Well, Ayeka needs to know that--"
    "No, I mean with Ryoko." Tenchi told him.
    "Oh, your suppossed to be walking with her through the forrest in the
next thirty seconds."
    "Oh o.k-- WHAT!" Tenchi jumped up.
    "Relax, all in good humor remember?" Tye reassured him.
    "Yeah, but--"
    "You'd better get outside before Ryoko thinks you stood her up!" Tye
told Tenchi.
    Tenchi didn't waste any time. He ran out the door.

    "Mmmmm, higher." Mihoushi moaned.
    Tye chuckled, "You said you wanted a back massage."
    "I know, now I want everything." Mihoushi purred.
    "Well, your pink blouse is too tight, a massage is to the skin. I
can't--"
    "It's not buttoned, you can take it off if you'd like....."
    "Whatever." Tye calmly displaced the pink blouse from Mihoushi's body
and continued the therapy. She wasn't wearing a bra.
    "Where do you want me to massage you next?" Tye asked plainly.
    "Use your imagination." Mihoushi was nearly asleep in bliss.
    "I don't know where. You have to decide here. I'm just the guideline."
    "How about here?" Mihoushi guided Tye's hand to her mid-waistline all
the way over the side of her round melon bosum.
    Tye was begining to suspect something wasn't right. What ever happened
to the sparky, innocent, child-like women he had respected. It had started
out as serious-humor, know what?
    "Mihoushi, this is getting a little out of hand , I think this session
of massaging is over." Tye removed himself and turned to walk away. He was
disapointed, he thought today was going to turn out funny and romantic, not
freak-nasty.
    "What's wrong? Didn't I offer you what you wanted me to? Didn't I do
what you wanted!?" Mihoushi was brushing her top-less body against his, head
rested on his shoulders, kissing his neck.
    Tye spun on her, hands firm, "Stop it! What are you doing? Why are you
doing all of this for me?" Tye gently griped her chin, eyes burning into
eachother. "I'm just a stranger to you, you can't give me all this. I
haven't done anything for you--"
    Mihoushi plunged on top of him, legs wraping around his waste, making
them both fall back to the couch. She was getting closer and closer to his
lucious lips....
    "What the he--" Tye was unable to speak as a tender kiss surfaced.
    "Do what you please, what ever you desire....." Mihoushi was going from
Tye's neck down.
    "I don't want to do anything!" Tye tried to push her off but Mihoushi's
arms came into play.
    "I don't want to have to use force Mihoushi." Tye raised his voice.
    "What are you gonna do?" Mihoushi was traveling back up to his steak of
a neck. "Besides, Washu gave me a formula that makes me stronger for just
this occassion."
    "I won't let you!" Tye went on, "I won't let you degrade yourself like
this! You deserve better, Mihoushi!"
    Mihoushi ripped open his shirt and let her index finger travel across
the lines on his chest.
    "I don't want this! I expect better from y--" Tye was caught off guard
as
she slowly zipped open his pants, head moving towards the most treasured of
Man's anatomy. Closer..........closer.........
    "That's enough Mihoushi, he's had enough." Kyonne joined in.
    Tye put on a confused face.
    "Don't worry Tye, you passed our little experiment. C'mon upstairs
Mihoushi." Kyonne said with a towel raised to Mihoushi's face. She took it
and wrapped it around her upper body.
    "I'm halfway raped only to get a completed project in return?" Tye
zipped his pants back up. For some reason he felt weird for doing that.
    "Here." Mihoushi tossed him her beautiful pink blouse.
    Tye caught the floating object and looked it over, a fine souviner.
    "This is all I get?" Tye asked.
    "Maybe, maybe not." Kyonne and Mihoushi both giggled.
    "What do I call tonite?" Tye implied softly.
    "Whatever you want." Kyonne spoke for her friend. They both exited the
scene as Tye looked on.
    Tye thought about the past events. He decided he would call it an
episode on one of those soap op's.

    "I was outside when the news was given. So Tye is your cousin huh?"
Ryoko layed her back against a Redwood tree, arms folded.
    "Yep." Tenchi said, the nervousness from the whole ordeal leaving him.
Maybe this whole thing was just in good humor.
    "Tenchi, I'm going to do this!" Ryoko exclaimed.
    "Do what?" Tenchi asked.
    "I will do this without any regrets!" Ryoko moved towards him.
    "Ryoko, I don't know what you want but this is getting a little out of
hand--"
    "I have no choice, this would be the only time I would get to have you
Tenchi. That note about a walk with me gave off the perfect atmosphere for
my desperate plan of action. Oh Tenchi, take me now!" Ryoko cried as she
pulled apart her clothing and floated towards him.
    "Where's Ayeka when you need her! Ahhhhhhhhh!" Tenchi turned to run
towards the house.
    "I won't let you get away! Not now, not ever!" Naked Ryoko kept pace
above him.
    "Your crazy! Stop this foolishness right now, Ryoko!" Tenchi was darting
left and right, gaining speed as the house came in view.
    Tenchi had just entered the area of the porch when Ryoko phased in front
of the doorstep as Tenchi slid into Ryoko's open arms; his face in contact
with tall Ryoko's breast.
    "Ryyyooookkoooo!" Tenchi was in an uncomfortable tight squeeze.
    "Your not getting away Tenchi." Ryoko gave him the soft tone.
    "But, if you really want me to be with you and choose you as my bride in
the future, than this isn't helping my mind decide." Tenchi cried out.
    Thinking this over, Ryoko dropped Tenchi on his rear-end and phased
away.

    "Women." Tye said to himself for the third time.
    "Your telling me." Tenchi entered the house panting and went to the
kitchen. Tye simply looked at him in question.
    "Don't ask." Tenchi handed him a glass of water and joined him on the
couch.
    "Don't tell." Tye sipped his cup. He set it on the table with a sigh, "I
feel like a shower.
    "How about a bath instead?" Tenchi pipped up.
    "Isn't that for women? I'd only do it if it were as big as a spa!"
    "It's bigger."
    "Let's go."

    "First everything is fine, than when I become your cousin, I'm suddenly
becoming experimented on." Tye explained to Tenchi.
    Both of their heads were rested over their elbows on the concrete as the
rest of thier body was dipped in the bath water.
    "Yeah, and remind me to thank you for a wonderful evening." Tenchi
rolled his eyes.
    "What's worse? Being raped or chased?" Tye asked.
    "I'll tell you after the twosome!" Tenchi joked.
    "You didn't tell me Kyonne was so hard to get. I mean, if she tells her
friend to experiment on me, how can I get her?" Tye wondered.
    "Simple, stay away from her." Tenchi whispered.
    "With breast's that big, fat chance!" Tye whispered back. He turned to
face Tenchi, "Say, if I were to have sex with Myuka, would you c--"
    "YES!" Tenchi eyed him.
    "O.k, already." Tye eased up.
    Rustling sounds filled the air behind Tye. Tenchi didn't seem to notice
as Tye turned around and froze. "Uh Tenchi," Tye spoke, "Don't look now,
but--"
    "Wha?" Tenchi followed suit and turned around. He also froze at the
site.
    To their amazement, naked Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu, Myuka, Sassami, Kyonne,
and Mihoushi were in the bath as well; arms folded over their bosum's with
confused faces.
    "About your premunition, Tenchi. I don't think it meant just one day,
besides that, I don't think we'll hear the end of this!" Tye managed to
choke out.
    "Be strong, Tye. We still haven't had dinner yet!" Tenchi wimpered.
    They both looked at eachother.
    "AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

    Hope you liked my story. This will be part of my So Anxious Saga, so
expect more. Also, this was the first one in the series so I had to explain
more and plot it out. My next ones will not, so expect it to be more to the
point, if you know what I mean.
    Just so you have an idea, my next one with be about Tye and Tenchi
playing naughty, dirty tricks on eachother. Example: Tenchi is mad about the
way Tye treats Ayeka, so he creates a scene that involves Tye and Ayeka.
heheheh. Tye uses Myuka and Sassami to "help" him get Tenchi back.
    Also: Tye and Tenchi are taught a lesson and get a "whipping" from
Washu!
    YIKES! Plus more!
