SO ANXIOUS: IN THE ZONE

   "That's gotta be the funniest explaination I ever heard, even coming from
you Tye," Ryoko folded her arms, "I mean, you expect us to believe that
Washuu, Aeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and I *raped* you!?" Ryoko laughed.
   "Oh please Ryoko, you'd be the *last* one to defend yourself." Tye
countered.
   Ryoko paused to take in Washuu and Aeka's snickering, "The facts speak
for themselves."
   Tenchi finally summoned the courage to speak up, "You all know that I
would never take advantage of you...I would never hurt you."
   "Yeah," Tye agreed, "If it weren't for the nosebleed you always get I'd
say you were gay." Aeka and Ryoko ignored that comment as Washuu offered,
"It *was* Nobyuki's sake."
   They all thought about that.
   "That explains everything, but that doesn't escape the fact that we're--"
   "Loose?" Tye finished.
   A large bead of sweat emerged from the side of Tenchi's head.
   "To say it lightly." Aeka blushed.
   Washuu stepped into the spotlight, "Lucky for you, you have Washuuuuuu!"
Washuu did a ballerina's dance before she gave her debut line, "I have just
the thing to care of *that*. "Washuu used the quoting signs. She motioned
towards her laboratory door, "Follow me and I'll make it so it never
happened." After judging Kiyone's face she added, "I'd erase your memory to
but my machine is connected to something else and is way too strong right
now."

   Tenchi and Tye sat at the table, remembering the thirty page explanation
that they had mumbled and stuttered in in two minutes about why and *how*
they all had ended up in bed with them-- naked and exhausted above all. They
were going to ponder further when they noticed at the same time that
breakfast wasn't served yet. A funny notion, considering Sasami had finished
ten minutes ago. They both turned towards the kitchen to see that their view
was blocked by Sasami in front of them, a disapointed and unapproving face
surfaced complete with her hands cocked at her waist.
   "WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!" They both said in unison after a few seconds of
silence.
   "Ummm hmmmm." Sasami said sarcastically, "I'm sure you had nothing to do
with the naughty things that happened last night. No food for you two."
   Tye explained, "Sasami, we promise you nothing happened that *they*
themselves didn't want. Please don't discriminate against our stomach's."
Tye clutched his belly, acting out his words.
   Sasami was silent as she let the suspense of her decision sink in. "You
both are naughty boy's!" Sasami giggled as Tye and Tenchi fell back in their
seat in reaction.
   Tenchi rose half-way in his fallen seat, his eyes closed as he scratched
his head, "Er, we're sorry for being naughty Sasami."
   Sasami patted Tenchi's head, "That's okay," Sasami turned towards the
kitchen, "I'll be back with your food."

   "Ya'll come back now, ya hear?" Washuu put on a Texan accent as she waved
good-bye to the girls.
   Mihoshi turned around, a raised index to her chin, "Um, Washuu? You
transfered our, um, *bodies* to the doll replica's was it?"
   "Yes," Washuu nodded approval, "continue..."
   "Well," Mihoshi went on, "I also noticed you had Tenchi and Tye dolls.
Not that you didn't need them or anything but--"
    Ryoko interupted, "Yeah, I was wondering the same thing."
    Washuu thought this over, "They must have been made in my drunken state.
I'll check on them after breakfast."

    "Oh she's weary, and you know girls do get weary. Wearing that same out
shabby face, yeah." Tye was soul singing.
    Tenchi looked around, "Um Tye, what if the girls come up and your
singing--"
    "Try a little tenderness, yeah. Just try a little tenderness--"
    "Tye, You do this everytime!"
    "Try a little...TENDERNESS, all you gotta DO when you don't know where
to start--"
    "Tye..." Tenchi started.
    "Just try a little TENDERNESS, YEAH-YEAH--"
    "Tye!"
    "Love 'er, SQUEEZE 'ER, neva leave her! Got-ta-got-ta nanana, gotta try
a little TENDERNESS!"
    "TYE!" Tenchi slammed his fist on the table.
    "What man, everytime I get my zone on, you sweat me! What is it man!?"
Tye demanded.
    Tenchi did a quick motion indicating behind him. Tye looked in that
direction and saw all of the girls making tsk-tsk faces.
    "It's things like that that got us in this mess." Kiyone growled as she
took her place across from everyone.
    "Actually, " Ryoko made a devilish grin as she wondered, "even though I
can barely remember, I don't think it was that bad!"
    "What!?" Aeka became furious, "How would you know Ryoko?"
    Ryoko patted Aeka's back, "Poor Aeka, you *wouldn't* know would you?
Knowing you, you probably pleased *yourself* and just watched."
    Aeka growled, "You flea-bitten devil-enslaved no excuse for a woman!"
    Tenchi made a mushroom sigh, "Please you two, I don't want to even think
about it. Everything is erased so lets just act as if nothing happened."
   Not surprisingly, all of the girls put on a disgusted face. Their heads
all went low at the same time, a black shadow covering the expression on
their faces.
   "Hey stupid," Tye whispered, "if you wanna survive this episode we are
about to have then I suggest we get the heck out."
   Tenchi put on a confused face before saying, "What are you talking
about?"
   Tye's eyes became comically low and his lips almost moved away from his
face as he stealthily explained, "You may not know this but women,
*especially* when it comes to sex, are *sensitive* creatures. That comment
you just made might-as-well been 'last night barely made my dick hard!'. You
basically said the sex meant nothing to you and you want to forget about
it."
   Tenchi put on a horified face, "I didn't mean it like that at all, how
was *I* supposed to know they would take it like that!"
   Tye judged the women's faces before he said, "They're about to give you
the, 'I gave you the best years of my life' speech. Find sanctuary quick!"
Tye frantically pulled Tenchi back and forth by his collar.
   Frozen in their struggling position, Tye and Tenchi slowly turned just as
Ryoko floated above them, a dark shadow covering her face. "Tenchi," Ryoko
started, "I try so hard to please you and now--" Ryoko made a shaking fist.
   Kiyone interupted, "Considering we went through all of that against our
will," Kiyone rose up from her seat, "but do you have to be that
disrespectful!?"
   "How dare you not appreciate what Washuu does for you!" Washuu made her
childish voice.
   "Tenchi," Aeka sounded heartbroken, "I know that we wanted to savour a
moment like this but in the event that this did happen I thought it would be
worth something to you."
   Tye wondered, "Is it the first of the month?"
   Tenchi vouched, "But we do even remember! Please, no!"
   Tenchi and Tye hugged as a tight circle formed around them.
   Mihoshi, still seated at the table, but on a confused face, "Wait a
minute,"
   All of the girls paused just as they were about to pounce on Tenchi and
Tye.
   "Yes Mihoshi. What is it this time?" Kiyone gripped her forehead.
   "Are we angry because we haven't eaten yet or because Ryoko isn't sharing
a bite of the rumbling hotdog Washuu gave her. I know Aeka wanted to have a
bite but Ryoko as usual is very selfish when it comes to property." Mihoshi
was off in another world.
   The girls face-faultered and fell over.
   It took another second for Ryoko and Aeka to be in Mihoshi's face,
"Grrrrr, why you little-- Who do you think you are-- YOU RUIN EVERYTHING!"
They huffed.
   "Well I'm sorry." Mihoshi sniffed.
   "Sorry didn't do it. YOU DID!" Aeka and Ryoko said in unison.
   "Ahem," Washuu coughed, "the boys are getting away."
   Kiyone, Mihoshi, Aeka, and Ryoko looked out of the open door to see
fading figures in the sunlight, a blanket of dust following behind.
   "They run so fast!" Sasami joined in after setting the table.
   "Oh well, we'll just wait until they get back. And I was hoping for a
little bondage treatment too!" Washuu laughed.

   Yosho was sipping on his morning tea as he knealt before the wooden
table, about to take in the last bit of it when Tenchi and Tye burst through
the door, bodies outstretched in a diving position.
   "Sanctuary! Sanctuar--" Tenchi and Tye were stopped in their tracks with
the chop to their foreheads that left them succombed to the ground.
   "The intruder is often the one that ventures in unanounced," Yosho
mouthed aloud, "now what brings you two here?"
   Tenchi looked up from his laying position, a red mark on his forehead,
"It's sort of a long story grandpa. To make it short, we need to hideout
here until things die down at home."
   "I see," Yosho put his hands behind his back, "then I guess you won't
mind doing *extra* chores while your here."
   Tenchi and Tye let out mushroom sighs, "Sure, we'll be glad to help."
   Yosho made a self-assured laugh, "Well then, let's have some tea shall
we?"

   "Interesting," Washuu typed in some commands into her laptop, "There's
DNA implanted inside the Tye and Tenchi dolls. As a matter of fact these are
even more advanced then the girls' dolls. They can actually pass for Tye and
Tenchi- sperm, personality and the like." Washuu was amazed. "I'm even a
genius drunk in my sub-concious!" then Washuu focused, "Wait a minute. Their
testosterone level is extremly high though. As much as I wanted a Tenchi
clone, this is going too far. Besides, it's no fun when everyone knows about
'em and I wasn't able to get the semen sample manually."
   "Washuu you are the dirty one aren't you?" Washuu smiled at herself,
"Well time to get rid of them. See ya later you two!" Washuu opened the
hatch in the capsule below them, letting them fall through the garbage tube
below that led to the lake nearby.
   "And I could've used them too. Oh well, back to work!" Washuu chuckled as
she typed in new commands for unforseen experiments.

   About an hour into it's peaceful sleep the lake hummed and swished to
life, bringing forth the birth of two entities exiting it's warm and brisky
shell with interest as it took in the world around it. Behold world, for
Hentai Tenchi and Tye were born! H-Tenchi was the first to rise from the
depth's of the watery prison, followed by an excited H-Tye. They looked at
each other knowingly, nodding at the task and sexual urges arousing them.
   "Silly Washuu," H-Tenchi chuckled, "she forgot that being released from
the capsule would awaken us."
   "Come, let us go tap some ass." H-Tye announced professionally, sounding
like the stereotypical butler.
   N-Tye crouched at a ready position, making random martial arts poses
until he brought forth an angled thumb and index with his right hand facing
down. "H-Tye!"
   The other humanoid followed suit with random motions until his hands
connected to bridge with his thumb and index with his left hand facing up.
"H-Tenchi!"
   "Together we are the  "Hentai Team!" They said in unison.
   "Let's go to the house!" H-Tye rose into the air, heading for building
ahead.
   "Wait a second," H-Tenchi looked up at his floating partner, "Washuu
forgot to finish our voice-boxes, we'd better locate our original's and copy
their vocal readings first if we want to pass as the real thing."
   "Good idea," H-Tye said as a holographic map of the surrounding area
emerged from his eyes. A second later an exhausted chibi Techi and Tye
wiping their foreheads showed on the screen, pinpointing their location.
"Here they are, let's go get them!" an eager H-Tye commanded.
   "One more thing." H-Tenchi held up and index.
   H-Tye's head grew to an enormous size as he turned around, his eyes red
and his robotic voice turning cold, "What is it now!"
   A bead of sweat emerged on the side of N-Tenchi's head as he said in a
cheesy voice, "Washuu also didn't complete our ability to fly."
   H-Tye face-faultered and fell into the water.

   "Great, In order to escape the pain of being attacked by women we have to
camp out here and do hard labor." Tye wiped his brow as he swept the shrine
steps.
   "Just consider the greater option and you'll know that this is worth it,"
Tenchi walked past him, "I'll go see if we can get some tea, it's going to
be a long day." Tenchi said over his shoulder as he set his broom down and
went down the steps.
   Tye had desended a couple of steps with brisk strokes when Tenchi stood
behind him. Tye turned around and eyed the frozen Tenchi for a couple of
minutes before going back to work.
   "That was quick. You would win the Guinness book of World Records if you
only brought back some darn tea."
   No response from Tenchi.
   "Sweep the rest of the steps," Tye handed the broom to a dumbfounded
Tenchi, "I'll come back with the tea." Tye exited the scene.
   H-Tenchi waited a couple of seconds before he attacked the steps with
speedy strokes, "Not the original I wish to record, I'd better finish these
steps and follow him."
   "Thanks Grandpa!" Tenchi called back, a mug in each hand.
   He faced forward just short of bumping into an awaiting Tye.
   ''Your done with the steps already? Well, here is your tea." Tenchi
handed Tye the drink.
   Tye watched with interest as Tenchi took a sip, then examined the cup for
himself.
   Tenchi turned on Tye and looked up at the cloud-less sky.
   "It sure is nice out here," Tenchi said aloud.
   H-Tye took his mind off of examining the tea and looked up at the sky. In
his own wonder, he took a sip of the tea and awaited results. About a second
later he was choking and gasping for air with an added convulsion from
electric shock. N-Tye threw the mug into the air in reflex. After
recovering, he proceeded to angrily pounce on Tenchi.
   "whew, I'm really dusty," Tenchi bent over to swipe his knee just as
H-Tye went flying at supersonic speed over him.
   A running Tye stopped to catch the mug falling towards him. Excess tea
escaped the cup and Tye crouched in reflex as tea splashed on his eye,
unknowingly making why for an advancing H-Tye. At the time, N-Tenchi had
raised his fist in the air, proclaiming his finish of the steps when his
counterpart collided into him.
   "What is it?'' Tenchi turned to face Tye.
   ''Nothing, just some tea spilled on me,'' Tye took Tenchi's helping hand
and rose to his feet.
   Both Tenchi and Tye went into the shrine to join Yosho, as their copies
lay sprawled against the steps behind them.
   ''You idiot...''
   ''At least we got their voices...''
   ''Shut up...''

   The Hentai Team creeped along the side of the house, where all the
adventures lie in waiting. The both paused as to take in the weight and
pleasure of the foolproof night they had planned since the begining of their
own creation, since the art and ideas from Washuu herself went to work to
make the ultimate sex toy........yesterday.
   "Oh, what I will do to them. Partner, I can't wait any longer!" H-Tye
complained.
   "Stop thinking with your dick," H-Tenchi quickly pressed a button on his
counterparts pelvis, releasing his equipment to his hand, "I'm keeping your
dick in dildo mode until I can get a plan of action."
   "Give me back my nuts, Tenchi." H-Tye warned.
   H-Tenchi held the prize over his head in response squeesing it slightly
to keep his partner at bay.
   "Let me have it back!" H-Tye said after the pain subsided. He made a
lunge for his truth, justice, and the way of the shaft.
   What followed was a massive barrage of struggles starting with a dive an
ended in a roll. With a last tackle, H-Tenchi fell backward, releasing the
jewels to the care of the sky, until it came down with a thud on a sleeping
Mihoshi. Before H-Tye could moan in pain, his partner grabbed him and darted
behind the corner of the house to watch the awakening Mihoshi.
   "Oh no, my dick is ruined now. Mihoshi is going to tear it apart." H-Tye
instinctively held the empty area of his crotch.
   "Just be quiet and watch." N-Tenchi peeped over the corner to take a look
at the following results.
   H-Tye closed his eyes in prayer. A sound was could be heard, a war cry.
That was it, he would have to hope that Mihoshi destroyed it quick to show
him some mercy. Another sound. A howl, or a squeek? He didn't know. Funny,
it soundly like a call of delight...
   "Tye look, she's not harming it." H-Tenchi confirmed.
   H-Tye joined his partner and finally looked. He breathed a sigh of relief
to find Mihoshi in a sitting position examining it.
   "The rumbling hotdog! Now I can finally try it!" They heard Mihoshi say
while she continued examination.
   "What is she doing?"
   "Shhhhhhh, just watch."
   Mihoshi took a small but firm bite on the hotdog. After hearing a sound
that would be compared to Kiyone when she loses a chance for promotion,
Mihoshi figured it wasn't the right way. How did Ryoko do it? Some funny way
that looked interesting for the curious but only seemed fun if you were like
Ryoko. Aeka did it in a way totally different from Ryoko and made a bigger
deal with her screams and calling Tenchi and stuff, but it seemed to
elaborate for her to try out in the back. With a mindblowing detailed
comparison of both ways, taking a well thought-out second of time, she
decided to use Ryoko's method. Imagining it was a *frozen popsicle* like
Ryoko had mumbled while doing it, excluding the part about Tenchi of course,
she mouthed the hotdog. It wasn't hard for her to imagine the nice
cherry-pop that she had while working at the ice cream parlor, but it wasn't
any reason to fire her was it? Kiyone took it pretty *hard* as usual. If her
anger were a radar it would go
*back-and-forth-back-and-forth-back-and-forth*. Here was the good life--
sleeping, sitting up sucking a cherry-pop, sleeping, eating Sasami's
cooking, sleeping, eating snacks, eating snacks, sleeping, eating snacks,
hanging with Kiyone, and sleeping. Huh? What's this stuff in her mouth? Oh
yeah, it's a fifty-fifty bar! Must not let it go to waste. Well now, all
done. Best leave it where it was and get something to eat.
  "That was the BOMB-BAY!" H-Tye was lying on the ground, a smile covering
half his face.
  "And she swallowed..." H-Tenchi said slowly.
  They both looked at each other.
  "SHE'S MINE!" They both declared.
  "Back off BITCH!" H-Tye pulled the leading H-Tenchi back, "That's my
head!"
  "You got your quickie, I'm gonna nail her!" H-Tenchi countered.
  "Mihoshi is mine!"
  "THE FUCK SHE IS!"
  H-Tenchi broke free from the hold long enough to grab the withered jewels.
Before his partner could stop him, H-Tenchi arched back and threw his penis
to some unknown sector. After mumbling a curse, H-Tye ran off to go fetch
his equipment. H-Tenchi quickly went in through the back to find his first
conquest.
  Mihoshi saw Tenchi slowly step in just as she was dozing off, "Hello
Tenchi, your back already?"
  "Mihoshi, I've come to try something with you." Tenchi told her as he
unzipped his pants.
  Mihoshi's eyes grew wide, "The hotdog! What do you want to do with that
Tenchi?"
  "With your cooperation, I want to use this on you." Tenchi came closer.
  "Wait a minute. That's not a rumbling hotdog. You just dressed it up like
that so you could really use your...um...do things to me. I'm not stupid you
know!"
  Tenchi held back a laugh, "Sorry Mihoshi, I guess I got carried away."
  "You could just ask..." Mihoshi hid a pink blimish.
  "Can I?"
  "Um.......O.K."

  Nobuyuki, the renowned architech exited his car, whistling to himself as
he hid his MotionCam-100 set concealed under his usual books which was under
his usual construction papers. His plan was simple but perfect: put a hidden
camera in every available section in a 50 yard radius around the house. Now
he would have an eye view of the girls changing, frolicing, playing and best
of all, X-Ray vision! Put a camera in the bathroom and voila, he can see
through Washuu's impregnable door! Heavy clothing beware, technology is
here. How did he become such a genius, he did not know. One thing was for
certain, he had it made from now on. All he had to do was get in through the
door, that's it. Open it slowly, there ya go. Sneak past Tenchi while he's
doing Mihoshi, yep, home free. Wait a minute. Confirm Nobuyuki, confirm.
Your too excited, turn around slow, yeah, real slow. Open your eyes and
you'll know that it's all in your hea-- HE'S DOING MIHOSHI!
  Nobuyuki quickly retracted his steps and went back outside. Taking his
main camera and placing it over his eye, he walked to the relative of where
the action was and turned it to his x-ray setting. In generic but acceptible
coloring and quality, Nobuyuki horned in on his son's conquest. He couldn't
believe it, he was hitting Mihoshi from behind. After five minutes of
recovering from the shock, and watching Tenchi bang the daylight's out of
Mihoshi's bumper, he cheered on.
  "Wax that ass son, wax that ass!" Nobuyuki wiped a tear away with his free
hand, "Have 'er hollerin' glory!" he was sniffling.
  "Hi dad, what's up?"
  "Just watching you get your groove on son, your doing yer old man proud!"
  "I'm doing what!?"
  Nobuyuki took his eyes away from the camera and looked at Tenchi, "Your
hitting a homerun with Mihoshi, son. I wonder why you would want to practice
before moving on to Ryoko or Aeka but I can't complain," Nobuyuki hugged his
son, "To think I was gonna pay to have you broken down by a professional, it
saves me money and-- Tenchi, what are you doing out here?"
  "I walked over from the shrine to pickup lunch. What do you mean me and
Mihoshi?" Tenchi looked at his father, "Grampa told you not to drink sake
and *you know* before you go to sleep while watching those videos!"
  Nobuyuki looked in the camera to see a sleeping and exhausted Mihoshi on
the couch alone.
  "That proves it," Nobuyuki confirmed, "Your out here after you nailed
Mihoshi. You made Bill Cosby jealous with that Jello Jiggler you put on
Mihoshi; doggy style even!"
  "Dad, I never touched--"
  "Hi dad, home already?" H-Tenchi pulled down his shirt and walked out.
  Nobuyuki turned towards him, "Yeah I got off easy today. Done with your
chores?"
  "Oh yeah," Tenchi slapped his forehead, "I almost forgot I have to work on
the field today."
  "I'd better get on it right away." H-Tenchi hustled past them.
  "Remember, I have to watch Ryo-oki to make sure she doesn't eat anything."
Tenchi called.
  "I'll make sure to be extra carefull." H-Tenchi took one last glance
before running off.
  Tenchi watched himself disappear before he turned towards his dad, "You
and Grampa sure work me to the bone."
  "Well son, that's the way us Masaki's do things around here." Nobuyuki put
a hand around Tenchi's shoulder.
  "But sometimes I feel like there are two of me with the stuff I have to
do..."
  They paused.
  "TWO OF ME!"
  "TWO OF YOU!"
   H-Tye had just put his piece back in place, mumbling revenge as he walked
towards a dumbfounded Tenchi and Tye. Wondering if Tenchi was his partner or
the original, he kept his mouth shut and just waved a greeting.
  "Tye," Tenchi spoke frantically, "have you seen another Tenchi around
here?"
  "No. Just you." H-Tye said camly. This Tenchi was the original.
  "Well I'm going to go see if I can get any information out of Washuu."
Nobuyuki said distantly, convinced that his son had made a breakthrough and
that it wasn't a fluke. "You da man Tenchi!" Nobuyuki gave a thumbs up as he
picked up his bag and went into the house.
  "It wasn't me!" Tenchi called to a closed front door. He then looked at a
calm Tye at attention, "You go ahead and get the food from the house, I'm
going to the field to know for sure." Tenchi broke into a run.
  H-Tye licked his lips at his good fortune, "One Ryoko on a stick, coming
right up."

  "Wassup Tenchi, where's the grub? Why are you making that face?" Tye said
to a confused Tenchi.
  "Tye...your...at...the house. What...are...you doing...here?" Tenchi tried
to catch his breath.
  "What...do ya...mean?" Tye mocked him, "I was...here...da whole...time."
Tye made a 'duh' face and rolled his eyes.
  Tenchi caught his breath and continued, "I could swear me and my dad saw
you come towards us and I said to get the food while I try to find the other
Tenchi me and my dad saw--"
  They both sighed, "Washuu."
  What followed was a short sentence dialouge that only people with
experience of Washuu's trails and trivial matters went through. Tye led off.
  "Sex slaved copies?"
  "Yep."
  "Trying to turn every girl in the house into a conquest?"
  "Uh-huh."
  "Up to the original's to stop them?"
  "You guessed it."
  "I got the house."
  "I got the field."
  "Let's go!"

  "So you say that there IS a copy of the boys that are trying to make it
with everyone in the house?" Nobuyuki said casually.
  "That's exactly what I'm saying, " Washuu turned to her computer, "You'll
need this: a deactivation beacon that I made to stop them." She handed
Nobuyuki two small button shaped devices, "Place this on their head and the
copies will be dead!" Washuu laughed a herself.
  Nobuyuki made a mushroom sigh, "I take it you won't help me *find* them."
he said under Washuu's continued laughter.

  Sasami opened the door to Tenchi's room, saying how no one has come to eat
lunch yet and what was everyone doing when she spotted Tye banging the
daylight's out of Ryoko. She must have mistaken him for Tenchi because she
was blindfolded, and Tye was speaking in Tenchi's voice somehow. Also, Ryoko
was screaming Tenchi's name which made it pretty obvious.
  "Miya! Miya!" Ryo-oki snuggled against Sasami feet after glimpsing the
sight.
  "Don't worry Ryo-oki, I'll find out what is wrong with everyone; this
looks like a job for Magical-Girl, Pretty Sammy!"
  "You like that don't you." H-Tye was flexing his power on a manipulated
Ryoko, "Woo ha!" H-Tye shot his load and put Ryoko to sleep.
  So that was how he did it, Sasami figured out what happened to Mihoshi.
This was her chance to spring into action. She burst in through the door,
looking at H-Tye with disaproval, "I'm here to punish you for being naughty;
time for me to transform!"
  After a few minutes of the backround music, the changing and the cute wink
with the pose, Pretty Sammy was in person. She looked at H-Tye and found
that he was jacking off.
  "Yeah baby! I'd like to see some more of that!" H-Tye pulled his pants
back up.
  "Hey," Pretty Sammy instinctively covered herself with her hands, "My
transformation isn't a peep show ya know!"
  H-Tye shrugged, "You could've fooled me. What's with the wink and the
shake and the posing? Basically all your doing is getting naked and dressed
before my eyes with a wand, you could've used the bathroom if you wanted to
not be seen. Your not doing it for the girls that watch your show."
  Pretty Sammy thought about this, "That's not the point. Your the enemy and
I'm here to make you good again with my magic wand."
  "Magic wand? Is THAT what you would prefer to call it?" H-Tye chuckled.
  "Quiet you!" Pretty Sammy twirled the wand and with a spin she called,
"Make this mean man into a friend!" She giggled.
  "Sailor Moon eat your heart out. This is the part where I sit still the
whole time until I'm normal right?" H-Tye laughed as the power of the wand
washed over him with no effect.
  "You must not be human!" Pretty Sammy gasped, "Your not the real Tye!"
  "Naw, for real?" H-Tye grabbed the helpless girl and turned her around
with her back facing him, "Now for the goods." He reached under the skirt
and pulled down her panties in triumph, "Homerun Hitter, Hentai Tye!" he
started his assault.
  Just then Tye entered the room, ready to stop his evil twin. "There you
are punk! Let go of-- OH MY GOD! It's PRETTY SAMMY!" Tye ignored his twin
waxing the ass of the heroine and went up to shake the hand of his idol.
  "Can I have your autograph, I'm your biggest fan!" Tye beemed, paying no
attention at the girl struggling for freedom.
  "Y-yes, just h-help me--oh--get a-away--ahh-- it hurts!" Pretty Sammy
cried.
  "Sure I'll help you!" Tye made a fighting pose to stop his twin but his
head trailed to the point of penetration and he paused once more, "Nice
ass." His head zoomed in until he was an inch away from it.
  "I'll k-kiss you if you do it!" Pretty Sammy screamed out.
  This time Tye rose at attention, giving a hard kick to H-Tye's pelvis and
pushing him away from Pretty Sammy's delights. H-Tye held in the pain and
pulled up his pants, ready to whip his original's ass if nessesary. Tye
returned the pose only to stop and look at the worn out Pretty Sammy. He
looked at his twin, he looked at Pretty Sammy's ass, looked at his twin,
looked at Sammy's ass, looked at his twin, looked at Ryoko's front then
looked at Sammy's ass.
  "Do you want the kiss or not?" the heroine was frustrated with the
silence.
  Tye and H-Tye finally went at it. A hit for a hit, a block for a block, a
kick for a kick.
  "Here ya are but which is which?" Nobuyuki ran up to both Tye's locking
grips his camera in one hand and the deactivation beacons in the other. As
they were wresling, he judged the faces of both and was taken back by the
resemblance. "Who is who over here?"
  "The one with a bulge in his pants is Hentai Tye..." Pretty Sammy said
tiredly.
  "Sasami-- no Pretty Sammy! What are you doing here? Whoa, look at those
cheeks!" Nobuyuki investigated Pretty Sammy's  eclipse. Nobuyuki put his
camera over his eye, pressing the record button.
  "Wait, I have to stop the Hentai version of Tye before it's too late. But
then again...." Nobuyuki turned his camera towards Pretty Sammy again. Help
Tye, videotape Pretty Sammy's ass, help Tye, tape Ryoko's body and Pretty
Sammy's ass, help Tye, take off all of Sammy's clothes put her with Ryoko
and videotape them together.
  "Just help Tye!" Pretty Sammy and Ryoko both yelled with the last of there
strength and went to sleep once again.
  "Okay," Nobuyuki finally complied. He spotted the Tye with a bulge and
called for the other to break free, "Tye, get far enough away from him so I
can give you the beacon!"
  Tye back-flipped on the bed and opened his hands in a football pose as he
called, "Toss it!"
  Nobuyuki threw the beacon smoothly into Tye's hands.
  "I got it! I got it! I--" Tye was celebrating just as H-Tye made a tackle
for him. They both went soaring through the closed window. "Mommmmy!"
  Even in Ryoko and Pretty Sammy's sleep, a large bead on sweat emerged on
the side of their head.
  "Oh well, I'd better get a move on then." Nobuyuki wiped the sweat that
had emerged on the side of his head. But not before getting an extra behind
the scenes footage. "Hmmmm..."

  "Tenchi help me!" Aeka didn't need an explanation to know that the one
trying to rape her in the middle of the field was a fake as she called for
the one approaching. "He's trying to hurt me!"
  Tenchi rushed into the scene by jump kicking H-Tenchi in the side of his
head, watching him succom to the ground before helping Aeka up.
  "Azaka! Kamadake! Contain this imposter!" Aeka commanded her bodyguards.
  They complied, surrounding him with a blue sphere of energy.
  "That won't be enough to stop me! Take this!" H-Tenchi broke free from the
hold and went to jump Tenchi when a  shot went through H-Tenchi's chest,
making him fall dead on the ground.
  Aeka and Tenchi turned to see Kiyone holstering her pistol.
  "Don't tell me," Kiyone cut them off, "Washuu. Let's get back to the
house."

  Tenchi, Aeka, and Kiyone arrived to see Pretty Sammy, Nobuyuki, Ryoko, and
Mihoshi crowd around the two Tye's rolling in the dirt. Both Tye's rose to
their feet.
  "Breasts..." They both walked towards Kiyone, arms outstretched, trying to
grab her.
  "Freeze!" Kiyone raised her pistol, motioning from one to the other,
"Which one of you is the real one?"
  "I am!" They both said.
  "That isn't going to work, Kiyone." Mihoshi said decisively.
  "I know that idiot." Kiyone grumpled.
  "Well I'm sorry--"
  "This isn't working," Ryoko announced.
  "What can one do that the other cannot?" Aeka asked.
  "As far as I can tell, there both the same." Pretty Sammy told them.
  "There must be a way to tell them a part." Noboyuki shrugged.
  "I know a way, as much as I'd hate to say it." Tenchi looked down to the
ground.
  They all waited for Tenchi to continue.
  "Tye, why don't you sing the song you sang earlier?" Tenchi suggested.
  There was a pause in the two Tye's, and sweat came from the one on the
left. The one on the right started singing.
  "Try a little Tenderness YEAH, YEAH! All you gotta do when you don't know
where ta START!" Tye sang.
  "Okay that's enough Tye." Tenchi was convinced.
  "LOVE 'ER, SQUEEZE 'ER, NEVA LEAVE 'ER! TENDERNESS!"
  "Okay you can stop..."
  "YEAH! YOU GOTTA KNOW WHAT TO DO!"
  "Shut up!" Tenchi lost his cool, "We know it's you."
  Without futher ado, Kiyone shot the one on the left, leaving him contained
to the ground enough for Nobuyuki to put the deactivation beacon on his
head, shuting him down for good.
  "Kiyone, my hero. Come 'ere and give me a hug!" Tye went to grab Kiyone.
  "Buzz off!" Kiyone shot Tye, leaving him squirming on the ground. When she
met the unapproving faces of the crowd she shrugged, "Solves both of our
problems, now we don't have to take any risks."
  "Kiyone...." Mihoshi started.
  "It was just in the arm," Kiyone told her, "sorry Tye." she added.
  "No problem." Tye sounded like a girl.
  "Yahhhhhhhhh!" H-Tenchi emerged from the crowd, "Tenchi is MINE!"
  "The beacon is in Tye's shot hand. Quick!" Nobuyuki said frantically.
  Ryoko phased to the spot where Tye was and with a tuck and roll picked up
the beacon and tossed it to H-Tenchi's head. "Bull's eye." Ryoko smiled.
  "He's still coming!" Aeka said as she was pushed to the side by an
advancing H-Tenchi.
  "It's over bro!" H-Tenchi was about to tackled the frozen Tenchi.
   Just when the blow would have been connected, a bokken swiped vertically
over H-Tenchi's head, leaving him down on the ground to take in the effect
of the deactivation beacon. They all looked past the fallen body to see
Yosho at ease.
  "Tell things die down eh?" Yosho said with a hint of sarcasm.
  "Well, I'd better be going with these two," Pretty Sammy made a wink as
she activated her wand.
  "Thanks for your help." Tenchi gave a quick wave.
  "Yes, I must be thanking you too." Noboyuki smiled.
  Sammy blushed, "Anytime."
  "About my kiss." Tye got up like he wasn't even hurt and stood at
attention.
  "Yes, here you are." Pretty Sammy gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. The
gang would swear later that they saw a heart over both of their heads. Tye
fell backward into the dust.
  Nobuyuki got his camera ready as she made random motions with the wand,
jumping up and down until her power was activated.
  A bead of sweat emerged on the side of Tenchi's head as he said, "Um
Pretty Sammy, did you know that while you were jumping and stuff
you..uh..were without underwear." He wiped the blood away from his nose.
  The Magical Girl just winked as she faded into nothingness with the two
clones.
  Nobuyuki pressed the stop button his camera and whispered to Tye, "I take
it you didn't fall backward on accident."
  Tye just beamed, "Beautiful, simply beautiful."
  "Dinner's ready! Come and get it!" Sasami called out from inside the
house.
  "That reminds me..." Ryoko started another converstation, "Tenchi what do
you mean it was nothing. I live to please you!"
  "Tenchi?" Aeka looked at the empty spot where Tenchi was.
  "Where is Tye? I haven't finished talking to him." Kiyone joined in.
  "They're both gone." Mihoshi pointed out the obvious.

   Tenchi and Tye where in Tenchi's room praying when the banging at the
door started.
   "Tenchi!"
   "I'm gonna kill you Tye!"
   "Open the door Tenchi! Tell me how you feel!"
   "My butt hurts!"
   "Shut up, Mihoshi!"
   Tenchi looked at Tye, "Well can we surrvive this one?"
   "I think it's more of a 'how' are we going to survive this one." Tye
returned.
   They looked at each other and continued prayer.

  Nobuyuki was trying to creep his room when he was stopped by Yosho.
  "Ah, *extra* groceries?"
  "Yeah. It all started when I went to the store--"
  "Um-hum"
  "I saw some items on discount--"
  "yeah."
  "And it just so happens I had a platinum card on me--"
  "uh-huh."
  "So I figured why not get a two-for-one?"
  "right."

(Hope you liked the latest edition of my story. I know I got some strong
supporters who wanted me to continue, so my lazy butt got back up and
finished this. To my fans, thanks for waiting. Also, it would be a big help
if I got a vote every now and again, not that you have to or it's being
forced, but to those who like it enough can vote to make it known so others
can see my work. I noticed more voted for fics get more readers, so that
will be a help, it can also be another form of motivation like e-mailing.
Thanks to my e-mailers! You motivate me!
Stay tuned for "So Anxious: Scare Factor!" Also watch out for a side story
added to the regular section called "High Rollin' "
Until then, see ya!)