The characters in this story belong to whoever they belong to. I have no 
intention of claiming any of the names stated in this story. They belong to 
whoever owns them.

                            AUTHOR'S NOTE

Here it is everyone, the real edition on what really went on in the first So 
Anxious. This creates the bridge for my second piece, "The Urge" and also 
tells you what REALLY happened when Tenchi Masaki was anxious. For those of 
you who read my first "So Anxious" this one will give you the information 
you need to understand it and still give you what you read the first time 
around, with a additive that makes it all the more enjoyable. For those of 
you who didn't, you'll get a much better kick out of this one. Enjoy!
(Please note that this is a side story to "Hero of my Heart" in the regular 
section. That one tells you the true romance of the story while this one is 
a fable-like twist.)



                        TENCHI MUYO: SO ANXIOUS

"Are you certain I'm O.K, Doctor Hyserus? I mean, this never happened to
me before." Tenchi paced the small cubic room on the tenth floor of a
complex building, looking out on the lower afternoon sky and the busy form 
of life as far as the eye could see. He sweated and looked pale, a clear 
sign that he needed help and fast.

The shrink that knew and seen Tenchi for a frequent month looked
at the dark eyes he had seen many times before, now holding an uneasiness 
and discomforted fear. Of course Tenchi didn't know it, but to Dr. Hyserus 
this was a very good sign.

"I've known you for what, a month Tenchi? I've seen many cases like this
and I'm telling you it's O.K that your starting to enjoy your friends'
company more than you used to."

Tenchi shifted uncomfortably as he sat back down in the soft green couch
he had grown used to over the times. He looked the shrink dead in the face 
with anger. Who was this guy anyway? Shouldn't he know more than anyone that 
this was serious? "I'm not ENJOYING their company, I starting to LIKE them! 
Y' know, in that way where you think about them alot, and want to do THAT 
with them! You have to help me! Please!" Tenchi spoke rather tiredly.

The shrink known as Doctor Hyserus twitched his round framed glasses as
he looked down at his progession sheet cuffed in his hand, staring it over 
many times before he spoke in his straight-forward tone, "All of our 
sessions have been about you being in a disposition, how your confused about 
you title on being a prince, your duties towards the world and how you saved 
your future and your life on several occasions; not to mention your daughter 
made of your DNA and a villians' which you killed. Not ONCE stating about 
your feelings and emotions towards your FRIENDS, or love triangles, or 
anything of that nature although you lived with it for years. I think your 
very mature and this is a small thing here--"

"It can't be!" Tenchi jumped up from the couch, meeting the window as he
pressed his palms against the wall-sized glass. "This is bigger than you
think doctor, I don't want to feel this way about my family, yet I can't
help the way I feel." Tenchi lowered his face as his forehead gave the
window a hug.

"You feel that way about that Sasami girl too, and your daughter as
well? Although it's mostly generated towards the older girls?" The white
hared shrink asked.

"Yeah...." Tenchi said slowly.

The shrink made a dismissive gesture, "No wonder then! Tenchi, your too
mature and civil to fall for a girl that's too young and your own daughter 
at that. Tenchi, as stated in your previous reports, you were uncomfortable 
about having so many girls live with you and your folks in the first place. 
Do you want to know why I think that is?" Doctor Hyserus looked on at him.

Tenchi turned around and shook his head the way a detective disapproves
of a clue. He was getting more interested with Dr. Hyserus by the second.

"Because you didn't like them! Over the time they spent living with you,
you adapted to their ways and began liking them. Your feelings for them are 
like a brother to a sister! Your perfectly fine!" Tenchi's trusted shrink 
reassured him with his final statement, which Tenchi in turn, accepted.

Tenchi wiped his forehead with the back of his hand, not that there was
any sweat to be seen, but wiping off the past events off him to awake in a 
new reality. he was cured, or as his shrink had said, "fine," which he 
agreed as
exactly what he needed. Tenchi would have left feeling cured if he wasn't 
intent on being "normal" once more. He needed some proof, someone to monitor 
him in his quest to erase his thoughts of emotions once and for all. He 
considered the gang to be his family now, sure, but he was going to make 
certain it wasn't going to be any more than that.

Something had caught his eye on the left wall from his shrink's arm
chair. As Tenchi went to investigate, his shrink went on, "Even if you did 
start to like them to the point where it aroused your sexual entity, there 
is nothing wrong with that, is there? Who hasn't and who won't!? Hell, if 
you were a sexa-holic it would be perfectly fine. Your a man after all-"

Tenchi had mentally drowned him out, along with his strong words and
straight-forward tone that reminded him of  Washu. No, the opposite. He had 
just finished reading the posted ad for the very company he was with for a 
month, a jagged expression on his face as he turned on Doctor Hyserus. 
Tenchi didn't turn quick enough to see the doctor smile.

"Could you sign me up for this program?"
his shrink gave him a shocked expression as he merely glanced at the posted 
ad. "You want to sign up for a program that lets a total stranger in you 
house to monitor your behavior!?"

"Yep." Tenchi gave a slight nod.

"Of course you know, that your privacy will be invaded at all times and
you'll be kept like a caged pet at all hours! That program is for people who 
we think need to be monitored in order to figure out if thier psycho's or 
not. The experienced volunteer judges if the person needs to be in a hosbis, 
a mental hospital, or transfered to a corporation for the mentally 
chalenged!" The shrink explained.

"That's a chance I'll have to take Doctor Hyserus. If it proves that I'm
turning into a psyco, than that's where I deserve to be!" Tenchi pressed his 
thumb to his upper chest.

The shrink slapped his knees as he stood up, staring Tenchi in the eye
as he spoke, "I can tell your serious about this, but I'm not signing you up 
for such a silly gamble!"

Tenchi was about to speak when Doctor Hyserus silenced him with a raised
index finger with a half-cracked smile. "Instead, I will conduct the
program. This way you will have the privacy you need without someone on your 
back all the time!"

Tenchi threw his fist in the air, "Great!"

"I have an aid of mine named Tye that transfered from California who is
a good reporter. He's held back on skills, so this assignment will be his 
biggest one. He's a good crowd pleaser and a people person. He'll understand 
your needs and help you."

"Perfect. Thank you doctor!" Tenchi said as he headed towards the door.

"I must caution you, he may change the way of living in your household by 
the time the program is over!" Dr. Hyserus gave a wicked chuckle.

Tenchi just laughed, "However long it is will be is just fine." Tenchi
said, opening the door.

"A whole entire year, or maybe longer!" The shrink smiled.

The doctor waited until he heard the elevator close before he signaled a
hidden figure from behind the door. Dr. Hyserus handed the man Tenchi's
report as the figure put his palm across his belly in salute, looking like a 
downed robot.

"The boy named Tenchi is easily manipulative and very gullible. He fell for 
the posted advertisement easier than I suspected. He should be easy to deal 
with until you handle your main plan of action." The doctor briefed the man 
the details.

"Should I destroy him Genumai?" The figure asked blankly.

"No. Only as a last resort, you must carry out your mission for the sake of 
our master." Dr. Hyserus walked to the window and looked at the lone figure 
leaving the building.

"If I am not in a hurry great priest Genumai, may I mingle with the
outsiders and have some R&R before I complete my mission? I am human after 
all--" The figure couldn't finish, he was immediately back-handed across his 
face, blood trickling down the rim of his mouth.

"You are not human! The great master may have filled the essence of your
father with his own, but you are more the masters son than you are that weak 
human's son; it's bad enough that you are Jurian. I as the high priest of 
the master, and you as his son will always do his bidding. Do not forget 
that!" The priest Genumai barked as the figure apologized.

"Personality analisis for this mission?" The person asked.

The high priest looked at the man with a keen seriousness in his voice,
"This mission will be the turning point in our history. We will finally be 
able to witness the coming of our master who was destroyed by Tenchi. You 
must spread your seed to each of the women in the household, save two of 
them, they are too young and it would bring attention to our mission and 
destroy us. The list of the availible females is on that chart, you decide 
your pick. Your personality shall be exactly like Tenchi, but you shall be 
witty and offensive, ready to take on everything. You must not let them know 
you want to have sex with them, but when the time comes you know what to 
do." The priest explained.

"I shall spread my masters seed so he can be reborn, and I will destroy
Tenchi to avenge my father: Master Kain!"

***
"I just went for a pleasant walk through the forrest." Tenchi explained
to Ryoko, who was very upset that he didn't return home at the time she
usually tackled him down.

"D' you know what time it is? It's about twenty minutes till Sassami
makes dinner!" Ryoko said flatly.

Tenchi wasn't about to tell her that he had just went to see a shrink
for the tenth time that month, discussing about his disposition and his
naughty emotions torwards her and the others. He did, however, tell her
about the "friend" that would be staying with them for a year or so.
Although he was approved by Nobuyuki, Yosho, Sasami, Mayuka, and Mihoushi, 
the others kept very little mind; especially a cyan haired women by the name 
of Ryoko.

"First your walking over this Tye's house, and now he's staying for a
whole year!? Not to mention the fact that you keep coming back later and
later!" Ryoko folded her arms in a criss-cross formation as she glared at 
the dark hared cutey. She was going to find out what was going on,
especially if it involved Tenchi being absent all the time.

"Thank you for helping me keep my curfew Ryoko." Tenchi tried to relax
in his couch as his eyes remained evasive from Ryoko's body.

Ryoko was about to comment on that when Ayeka came to the rescue,
"Honestly Ryoko, would you stop bothering Tenchi? Last time I checked,
Tenchi was old enough to look after himself." She gave a playful smirk.

Ryoko would have blushed if it wern't for her way-around-the-world
attitude. "I have to be cautious Ayeka. When someone is your lover, you
can't help but be a little careful, not that you would know about that sort 
of thing Ayeka." She returned a smile.

Ayeka put up a fist an inch away from Ryoko's chin, "Liar, you take that
back!"

Tenchi looked at the two beauties in awe and wonder, a million ideas
entering one ear and going out the other. He could have them if he wanted. 
Heck, Ryoko was all over him while Ayeka was always defending him at all 
cost! Heaven knows if he couldn't could take both of those beautiful girls 
and share a night of passion and romance. Flesh upon flesh, moan upon moan, 
he was his moment to share upon the bliss of love as they called out and 
summoned his name. "Tenchi! 'Tenchi!'" Still, he had to control himself

Ryoko and Aeka's fight raged on, partical energy sphere's and
electromagnic strikes traded the offensive. Mihoshi and Kyonne jumped in, 
holding Ryoko as Sasami and Mayuka were trying to talk Ayeka out of it, 
Tenchi in the middle of the fray as Washu watched in her own personal 
pleasure.

The saying, 'Saved by the bell' couldn't be any more clearer with the sudden 
knock on the door that took place, stopping everyone in their tracks as they 
stared blankly at the door.

Tenchi took the time to leap towards the door and answer it while
everyone was still frozen. When he opened the door, his eyes locked on the 
large musical radio, caramel hands in front of his chest, as to
create the theme that he was handing it to Tenchi. A song he had never heard 
before played throughout the relative of the "living room" the group of 
people "singing" sounded as if they were speaking another language dispite 
the fact that he could understand and speak the english language.

"Bling! Bling!" The unknown figure sang with it. "Everytime I come
through yo city, bling bling!" The person put the back of his hand in
Tenchi's face twice.

Tenchi finally picked himself from his bent over postion on the radio
and faced the person. The boy was no more than Tenchi's age and height,
Mihoushi's complexion with a thin patch of hair as if it was a blanket for 
his scalp. His eyes were hidden under the deeply shaded, silver framed 
glasses that added to the charm of the half cracked smile he held. His pure 
white T-shirt wrapped with a zipper-alined ruby vest and his dark sweats 
along with white sneakers that was the opposite of the summer atmosphere.

"So, this the place huh?" The boy Tenchi figured was Tye walked past
him, setting his radio on the kitchen counter and went back to stand in
front of the door as he gazed at everyone.

"Who's he?" Ryoko asked, totally forgeting five minutes before.

"D-M-X, and my dog's bite! Jiga's my name, I can ride it all night!" Tye
answered. Ryoko raised both eyebrows in confusion towards Tye's song.

"His name is Tye remember? That was just a rap." Tenchi said. He had
heard and known the phrase at school and on the internet and was well known 
to it, but not enough to like it.

This somewhat cleared the head of the girls from whatever they were
thinking a second ago. The whole gang except for Tenchi should of had hearts 
over their eyes, because the glare they had on their faces was more or less 
like, "Oh look, a visitor!" Or in regular terms set aside for Ryoko, Washu, 
and Kiyone, it was like, "Hmmm, interesting...."
(Washu), ".........." (Kiyone), and finally, "Whoa, this guys packing"
(Ryoko).

Tye simply stood completely at ease, taking in everything as if it were
a breath, using three seconds to check out each girl as if to study them for 
an experiment.

The one known as Yosho to everyone in the house stepped in casually,
but almost dropped his evening tea when he saw Tye, looking somewhat
startled by the sight. Tye looked on at Yosho in awe, eyes hiding a
certain emotion under the dark glasses. Yosho turned pace, and walked into 
the backyard once again.

"I guess he didn't expect a negro." Tye shrugged.

Tenchi was about to ponder over what Tye had said when Tye turned to
face him quickly. "Tenchi Masaki?" Tye said casually, saying the sentence as 
if it wasn't even a question.

"Hey," Tenchi kept on, thankful that his short sentence sounded like a
greeting, as he in turn, exchanged one. The girls would think he knew him 
now.

"You haven't met my, ahem, fri--friends! There is Ryoko, Ayeka,
Mihoushi, Kiyone, Washu, Sasami, and Mayuka. Grandpa and Father are out
back.

The girls greeted him. Tye took off his glasses and made a half cracked
smile as if to say, "Jack-Pot-Bay-Bay!"

"Dinners ready! Everyone gather around the table!" Sasami called and
rushed to the kitchen.

"A little girl does hard labor for older group, and the emotional pain
that goes on inside. Next time on the Oprah Winfrey show." Tye joked aloud.

Luckily for Tenchi, the girls didn't have a clue what he was talking
about, and just ignored it.

Everyone except Tye took their seat around the table, before they
noticed the guest wasn't budging. Tenchi had already gotten the extra chair 
out a while ago, but Tenchi noticed that Tye was puzzling over where to sit. 
Naturally, any other guy would've taking their place by Tenchi, but Tye was 
actually taking the time to look and see to scoot in between, as in the 
girls.

Finally Tye seated in the middle of Tenchi and Mayuka, just as Sasami
handed him a plate of her famous ramen, fried gohan, and Hatcho miso.

"And one for you....." Sasami went on happily about her business.

Then it started off. Ryoko as usual was pigging out, almost halfway
done and going strong as eyes occasionally glancing at her.

"I'll be upstairs Tenchi, hurry and catch up. Don't worry, I'll find my
way up." Tye got up from his seat and went upstairs.

Ryoko's eyes went blank along with everyone else's as they saw the ramen
without a noodle, the fried rice without one grain left on the plate, and 
the soup without a drop; neatness and manners at it's best. To top it all 
off, the plate and the bowl was on the kitchen counter, spotless and fully 
cleaned by his own handywork.

"Wha!? Impossible!" Was all Ryoko found to say as she finished. The
shock from the whole deal still stunning her. This new cute boy, he carried 
a whole new level with him. He was going to be a problem if things kept up. 
The funny thing was, she couldn't help but feel a bit charged by the whole 
thing, a bit of interest sparking in her that filled the gap that even 
Tenchi couldn't fill. That Tenchi refused to fill.....

"Ahhhhhhhh!!!" A faint voice was yelling upstairs.
Everyone immediatly stood up as to tune in on what was going on. Something 
could be happening to Tye.

"Opps, err, wrong room, heh heh heh." Tye called down with a laugh.

"Session One begining." Tenchi mumbled as he got up to leave the table.

***
"So what DID you call me up here for? Seriously." Tenchi asked Tye. He
had just been through the two hour conversation of 'Nothing is wrong with 
you, ' and 'I'll monitor your behavior'. Tye reassured him enough to get 
past the night, now he was becoming a detective.

"We have to split-- you get Ryoko and Ayeka. I get Mihoushi, and Kyonne.
Washu, Mayuka and Sassami? hell naw."

"Whatever............What!?" Tenchi jumped up.

"C'mon now, to deny our impulses' is to deny our very being! It's fine
to talk about these things as long as you know to controll yourself. As men, 
it's all in good humor!"

Tenchi let this sink in. He was right, as long as he knew to control
himself, it was all in good humor, right? But he still didn't want to talk 
about them like that.

"Ryoko is very.........crazy, she wouldn't wait a second to sleep with me. 
Aeka is good on the other hand, but I don't know her true feelings. Tenchi 
let his mind drift as he spoke.

Tye looked at him, "You better be happy those girls are love with you. That 
doesn't happen often. Man, if those girls were in love with me I'd take them 
an--"

"Let's go to bed now!" Tenchi shivered.

"G' night Tenchi. I don't know why, but somethings going to happen
tomorrow, I can feel it

"Yeah, I'll bet.
"What!"
"Good night, Tye."
"........................."

As Tye and Tenchi were sleeping, Washu crept in the room with evil intent. 
She raised the needle and stuck it into Tye's arm and then Tenchi's. With a 
devilish laugh, she exited the scene.

***
The next morning started off the same as usual: breakfast at daybreak,
then off to chores. Tenchi was seated at the table with the rest of the
gang. Breakfast was served, but it was traditional to eat with everyone
present, so they all waited.

"Where is the little runt anyway?" Ryoko snorted.

As if to answer her question, a voice from the front door sang his song:
"I've been really tryin' baby! Tryin' to hold back this feelin' for so
loooooong........and if YOU feel, like I feel baby..........."

Tye burst through the door, emotion showing as he entered the living
room: "C'mon, oooooohh c'mon. Whooo! Let's get it on!" Tye was spinning
around the table, passion through the song embarrasing everyone except
Mayuka and Sasami, who thought it was just plain fun:

"Awe baby, let's get it on! Let's love baby......." Tye was doing the
MoonWalker down the end of the table that lead to his seat:

"C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon darlin', stop beating 'round the bush!
Oh, I wanna get it on, oh oh oh! I WANT TO GET IT ON, YEAH!"

With a final spin, he was seated at his spot around the table.

"That was fun!" Sasami and Mayuka shared their comments. The rest of the
girls were too red cheeked to say anything.

Tye and Ryoko had already started eating when Mihoushi broke the little
contest, "My backing is really killing me!" She complained

"Did I hear a cry for a back massage?" Tye implied. The detail of his
mission flashing through his eyes as he smiled.

"Well, it would have to wait until my chores are done." Mihoushi piped
out after Kyonne jabbed her in the ribs. She expected Mihoushi to play hard 
to get, especially over a stranger. To many people had broken Mihoushi 
gullible heart, Kyonne was going to make sure it didn't happen anymore.

"Don't worry about your chores, I'll do them for you. What are gentlemen
for anyway?" Tye handed his clean dishes to Sasami. *Anything to complete 
the mission* he thought.

"Wow, thank you!" Mihoushi couldn't help herself.

Ryoko phased against Tye's chest. Tye had never seen that before, but in
Tenchi's report, it had told the tale.

"Can you do my chores as well?" Ryoko was playing kitty-cat with Tye's
chest and neck. To Ryoko's surprise, he wasn't the least bit intimidated.

"Honestly Ryoko you are so lazy!" Aeka said in her soft tone.

"It's coo. I'll do her chores, no problem." Tye made a dismissive jesture. 
It was a great way to score with the girls, but he also needed Ryoko out of 
the house for the plan to take action. He simply handed her a folded note. 
She took one look at the note and homed in on Tenchi, their eyes met as 
Ryoko was trying to see if this was true. Ryoko blushed, mouth ajar, and 
phased her way out the door; Tye smiling the whole time.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" A voice from the basement rang through. Before anyone
could say anything, Washu stepped in front of the table, ready to give a
speech.

"Surprising news everyone. I just recently found out from testing Tenchi's 
DNA with Tye's, that they have a funny mix up."

"What kind of mix up?" Aeka called out to Washu with a look of concern in 
her face.

Washu kept a professional composure, "It's not un-common to call them
'cousins' if I'm not mistaken. You see, it says from my analisis that Yosho 
obviously had a sister acording to my reading. It says here that she passed 
away after birth. Before that, she had a child who in turn, gave off another 
child, which is Tye. The funny thing is that I can't read Tye's DNA any 
further to find out who his father is." Washu told the tale.

"I have a cousin? Tenchi is my cousin!?" Tye was confused as his mission was 
in turmoil. *I can't kill my cousin!*

"It is as I feared." Yosho's glasses flashed as he entered through the front 
door. "Come Washu, I must discuss something to you."

***
"This will ruin everything!" Priest Genumai looked through Tye's eyes and 
heard what happened. Everything that Tye was thinking and seeing was relayed 
to him. He knew that Tye's way of thinking was towards the mission and to 
respect the family of the master. This meant that he wouldn't kill Tenchi 
although he wasn't related to Kain but was related to him anyway. The 
mission would fail if he didn't do something.

"I am inputing new information to your mission. I will control your mind
from now on when it is linked directly to the mission so you will not error. 
This way everything will be as planed." The priest instructed.

*No! I shall not kill my family, I don't care if they are part of the
mission. Even if they are not directly linked to Master Kain, I am part of 
their family. I will not continue this mission any further.* Tye directed 
his thoughts to the priest.

"You fool! We must ressurect our master! You shall obey or I will destroy 
you and take over your mind completely! As long as you are linked to the 
mission, you will never get rid of your destiny!" Genumai yelled.

*I shall no longer be apart of this mission. You never let me be human, so I 
shall experience life on my own. I'm signing off from you forever. Good bye 
Genumai.* Tye closed his brainwaves.

"Arraaggghh!" Genumai clashed his fists against the dark sphere. "The game 
isn't over yet! I still have control over your mind, and I will force you to 
complete your mission!"

***
The basement halls flashed with activity as it contained the one that
entered and exited this area. The beakers and do-hickeys around were mere 
toys for the crazy scientist. Now, however, the plan was of a slightly 
different brand.

"You understand what you have to do?" Washu explained to Kiyone, Ryoko and 
Mihoushi as she handed the blounde the bottle of red substance.

"I'm having second thought's--" Mihoushi started when he mouth was closed by 
Kiyone.

"This is perfect to teach Tye a lession for being a little to decieving to 
Mihoushi's gullible stature. This will keep him at bay for good." Kiyone 
agreed.

"As long as Mihoushi does her thing, I can do mine!" Ryoko smirked with
delight.

"Yes," Washu started, "not only that, but this will be the funnest plan I've 
had in a while!" Washu finished with a laugh.

***
"Anything wrong lord Tenchi?" Ayeka walked up to her beloved prince. It
was already past lunch, Tenchi was seated alone on the couch with Mihoushi 
right across with Kyonne. Mihoushi was getting tips on how to 'test' Tye for 
the massage later. For some reason Tenchi wanted to see how it was going to 
turn out, so he kept quiet.

"Nothing Ayeka, just thinking. I've already told grandpa and father
about it, and in the end everything turned out fine. That's why grandpa was 
startled upon seeing Tye."

"How is Tye?"

"First he threw-up in the bathroom. Then he called Dr. Hyser-- uh, his
father and told him what happened. Both of our families agree he can stay as 
long as he wants after the year is over. As long as he checks in at home."

Tye came in from downstairs. As if on cue Kiyone went upstairs as Tye
took his seat next to Tenchi. Tye's altered emotions activated- he could
feel Genumai clawing his way from the dark corners of his mind to take
control. Tye was giving Aeka once-overs on several occasions and sweating. 
He was getting anxious by the minute. He had to do something.

"Get me some water Aeka. Now." Tye ordered.

"The sink is right over there Tye." Ayeka said gently trying to hold back 
her anger for his rudeness.

"I'm sorry Ayeka," Tye said with an impulse to jump up and grab her, "your 
right, I have no right to be served as a guest in this house. It's cool, 
I've been discrimated against before. "

"I wasn't discriminating you--" Ayeka blushed.

"Yes you are," Tye went on, "If Tenchi were to say, 'get me some water
bitch', than you would say, 'right away lord Tenchi!" Tye mocked the voices 
perfectly. Tenchi was red in the face.

"Better yet," Tye explained, "if Tenchi were to say, 'suck my dick', you
would say, 'how do you want it Tenchi?' It's not fair to not do the same for 
everyone."

Ayeka was to overcome with embarrassment. "It's only because he's the host 
in this house--"

"Well I'm his cousin, shouldn't you be showing me the same hospitality?
After all, we are of the same blood."

Ayeka was too choked to speak. "I must be going now, good day lord
Tenchi--" She stopped short as Tye smiled. Ayeka quickly went on the
defensive. "Also you lord Tye." Ayeka said as she went upstairs.

"Cute, but she's sprung on one person." Tye finished, he felt the relief
envelope him.

"What was that all about?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, Ayeka needs to know that--"
"No, I mean with Ryoko." Tenchi told him.
"Oh, your suppossed to be walking with her through the forrest in the
next thirty seconds."
"Oh o.k........WHAT!" Tenchi jumped up.
"Relax, all in good humor remember?" Tye reassured him.
"Yeah, but--"
"You'd better get outside before Ryoko thinks you stood her up!" Tye
told Tenchi.

Tenchi didn't waste any time. He ran out the door.

***
"Mmmmm, higher." Mihoushi moaned.

Tye chuckled as he tried to contain his cool. If only he had broke the
contract with Genumai before this. He was sweating all over. "You said you 
wanted a (ahem) ba-back massage..........."

"I know, now I want everything." Mihoushi purred.

Tye tried to save himself, "Well, your pink blouse is too tight, a massage 
is to the skin. I can't--"

"It's not buttoned, you can take it off if you'd like....."

*Smooth one Tye* He cursed himself.

"Whatever." Tye displaced the pink blouse from Mihoushi's body as calmly as 
he could, dispite the tremble his hands posessed. He slowly continued the 
therapy. She wasn't wearing a bra, that wasn't good. Well it was good, but 
it wasn't good. Tye could hear Genumai's laugh in his head.

"Where do you want me to massage you next?" Tye shivered.

"Use your imagination." Mihoushi was nearly asleep in bliss.

"I don't know where. You have to decide here. I'm just the guideline." Tye 
said defensively.

"How about here?" Mihoushi guided Tye's hand to her mid-waistline all
the way over the side of her round melon bosum as she slightly moaned along 
the way. Tye felt like crying for his dead mom.

*Now what!?* Tye was shaking all over. He was so anxious he could feel it. 
He was given the option to do whatever he wanted, which was bad. Good, but 
bad. *I don't want to hurt her feelings, but I have to break it off.*

"Mihoushi, this is getting a little out of hand , I think this session
of massaging is over." Tye removed himself and turned to walk away. He knew 
she was disapointed, but he had saved both of them from a much bigger 
crisis.

Mihoushi was startled, but she had to keep her end of the bargin. "What's 
wrong? Didn't I offer you what you wanted me to? Didn't I do what you 
wanted!?" Mihoushi was brushing her top-less body against his back, head 
rested on his shoulders, kissing his neck.

Tye spun on her, hands firm amd sweaty. "Stop it! What are you doing?" Tye 
broke into a run.

Mihoushi plunged on top of him, legs wraping around his waste, making
them both fall back to the couch as her eyes held evil intent.

"What the he--" Tye was unable to speak as a tender kiss surfaced, his eyes 
wide as his fears would come about. Genumai was about to take over.

"Do what you please, what ever you desire....." Mihoushi was going from
Tye's neck down.

"I don't want to do anything!" Tye tried to push her off but Mihoushi's
arms came into play. Tye was phasing in and out of consiousness, Genumai and 
himself fighting over his body.He had to do something quick. "I don't want
to have to use force Mihoushi." Tye raised his voice.

"What are you gonna do?" Mihoushi was traveling back up to his steak of
a neck. "Besides, Washu gave me a formula that makes me stronger for just 
this occassion."

Tye tried to fight her off but she was right; he was helpless. "I won't let 
you!" Tye went on, "You don't understand, I will--"

Mihoushi ripped open his shirt and let her index finger travel across
the lines on his chest.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Help me!" Tye was caught off guard
as she slowly zipped open his pants, head moving towards the most treasured 
of Man's anatomy. Closer..........closer.........

That's all it took. Tye's eyes flashed as Genumai took over. Tye was filled 
with excitement as he rolled on top of Mihoushi with renewed power, a 
confused face staring back at him. Tye smiled at the wonders of Mihoushi's 
body as his face moved not three inches away from hers. His hands held on 
her waist, his body on hers. He traveled downward and started to kiss up her 
belly button, Mihoushi terrified as she slowly succumbed to the sexual power 
he possesed. She defensively twitched with delight as he nibbled on her soft 
and erected breast, continuing to climp up her body as he tenderly bit her 
shoulder and kissed away the tension on her neck. Whatever power he had that 
was givin to
him, Mihoushi was in a trance as she held on his now firm back with
pleasure. Their faces met, their eyes locked. She was now his, all it would 
take was a kiss.....

"That's enough Mihoushi, he's had enough. Or should I say you've had
enough!" Kiyone joined in. She had seen the whole thing, and was surprised 
that Mihoushi was so gullible that she would just give in like that. She was 
more surprised, however, that she had also fell into it herself. This guy 
put her into trance! Was he that good? Why, she wouldn't have even called if 
it weren't for her being so angry at Mihoushi!

Mihoushi acted as if Kiyone had just saved her life, trying to ponder over 
what just happened as if she had awakened from a coma.

Tye put on a confused face as he snapped out of it. Genumai had lost
control.

"Don't worry Tye, you passed our little experiment, but Mihoushi wasn't more 
of a torturor herself. C'mon upstairs Mihoushi." Kiyone said with a towel 
raised to Mihoushi's face. She took it and wrapped it around her upper body.

"I'm halfway raped only to get a completed project in return?" Tye
zipped his pants back up. For some reason he felt weird for doing that.

"Here." Mihoushi tossed him her beautiful pink blouse. From some reason she 
didn't do that just to play around. She was actually repaying him for what 
happened. "Besides, I'd say it was the other way around." Mihoushi made fun 
of him with playfully rude faces

Tye caught the floating object and looked it over, a fine souviner.

"This is all I get?" Tye asked.

"Maybe, maybe not." Kyonne and Mihoushi both giggled.

"What do I call tonite?" Tye implied softly.

"Whatever you want." Kyonne spoke for her friend. They both exited the
scene as Tye looked on.

Tye thought about the past events. He decided he would call it an episode on 
one of those soap opera's. He promised himself to exercise more control next 
time something like this happened.

***
"I was outside when the news was given. So Tye is your cousin huh?"
Ryoko layed her back against a Redwood tree, arms folded.

"Yep." Tenchi said, the nervousness from the whole ordeal leaving him.
Maybe this whole thing was just in good humor.

"Tenchi, I'm going to do this!" Ryoko exclaimed. She had waited to long
anyway and Mihoushi couldn't stall forever.

"Do what?" Tenchi asked.

"I will do this without any regrets!" Ryoko moved towards him.

"Ryoko, I don't know what you want but this is getting a little out of
hand--"

"I have no choice, this would be the only time I would get to have you
Tenchi. That note about a walk with me gave off the perfect atmosphere for 
my desperate plan of action. Oh Tenchi, take me now!" Ryoko cried as she 
pulled apart her clothing and floated towards him.

"Where's Aeka when you need her! Ahhhhhhhhh!" Tenchi turned to run
towards the house.

"I won't let you get away! Not now, not ever!" Naked Ryoko kept pace
above him.

"Your crazy! Stop this foolishness right now, Ryoko!" Tenchi was darting
left and right, gaining speed as the house came in view.

Tenchi had just entered the area of the porch when Ryoko phased in front
of the doorstep as Tenchi slid into Ryoko's open arms; his face in contact 
with tall Ryoko's breast.

"Ryyyooookkoooo!" Tenchi was in an uncomfortable tight squeeze.

"Your not getting away Tenchi." Ryoko gave him the soft tone.

"But, if you really want me to be with you and choose you as my bride in
the future, than this isn't helping my mind decide." Tenchi cried out.

Thinking this over, Ryoko dropped Tenchi on his rear-end and phased
away.

***
"Women." Tye said to himself for the third time, remembering what happened. 
He couldn't say it was his fault, they had played a joke on him.

"Your telling me." Tenchi entered the house panting and went to the
kitchen. Tye simply looked at him in question.

"Don't ask." Tenchi handed him a glass of water and joined him on the
couch.

"Don't tell." Tye sipped his cup. He set it on the table with a sigh, "I
feel like a shower.

"How about a bath instead?" Tenchi pipped up.

"Isn't that for women? I'd only do it if it were as big as a spa!"

"It's bigger."
"Let's go."

"First everything is fine, than when I become your cousin, I'm suddenly
becoming experimented on." Tye explained to Tenchi. He excluded the part
where he had taken over.

Both of their heads were rested over their elbows on the concrete as the
rest of thier body was dipped in the bath water.

"Yeah, and remind me to thank you for a wonderful evening." Tenchi
rolled his eyes.

"What's worse? Being raped or chased?" Tye asked.

"I'll tell you after the threesome!" Tenchi joked.

"If everyone is trying to experiment on me, how can I get away?" Tye
wondered.

"Do what I do, stay away from them." Tenchi whispered.

"Does that plan work?" Tye whispered back.

"Nope!" Tenchi eyed him.

"That sucks." Tye's face fell into his arms.

Rustling sounds filled the air behind Tye. Tenchi didn't seem to notice
as Tye turned around and froze. "Uh Tenchi," Tye spoke, "Don't look now,
but--"

"Wha?" Tenchi followed suit and turned around. He also froze at the
site.

To their amazement, naked Aeka, Ryoko, Washu, Mayuka, Sasami, Kiyone,
and Mihoushi were in the bath as well; arms folded over their bosum's with 
confused faces.

"The wrong side!" Tenchi gasped.

"I don't think we'll hear the end of this!" Tye managed to
choke out.

"Be strong, Tye. We still haven't had dinner yet!" Tenchi wimpered.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"
They both looked at eachother as they face-faultered and fell into the
water.


-Hope you liked my story. This will be part of my So Anxious Saga, so
expect more. Also, this was the first one in the series so I had to explain 
more and plot it out. My next ones will not, so expect it to be more to the 
point, if you know what I mean.
Stay tuned for Tenchi Muyo: So Anxious- The URGE which answers the
questions that are going through your head. I am 3/4 of the way done, if you 
see this one, the next one is right behind it. Who will Tye go after next? 
Will Tenchi be able to control himself? What will Genumai do? What is going 
to happen to Tye and Tenchi next?
Stay Tuned!-