Disclaimer: Tenchi and company are property of AIC and Pioneer, I don't own
them nor did I influence their creation. I do, however, own Tye's character.

                                        SO ANXIOUS: THE URGE

    "Tye! Come down for breakfast!" Tenchi yelled up to his cousin. He was
glad everything got back to normal after explaining to the girls he and Tai
took a wrong turn and bathed in the wrong bath house. of course, that was
only day one.

    "It is very rude of him to always be late for meals." Aeka piped in.

    "Forget him Tenchi," Ryoko phased onto Tenchi's lap as if he had carried
her to the table, "Let's start our breakfast without him!" Ryoko hunched
over in a slow-motion type manner, ready to devour Tenchi where he stood.

    Tenchi mentally cut off his circulation as he shook his head, fighting
the inevitable. "Ahhhhhhhhhh, no way!" beads of sweat rolled down Tenchi's
cheek. It was weird, Ryoko was acting sexually stranger than usual, but he
had to admit, he was as well. It took everything he had to not accept her
offer! What was wrong with him?

    "Oh you she-devil, get away from Tenchi!" Aeka pulled Ryoko back to her
sitting position in her original spot just before Ryoko got Tenchi full on
the mouth. Inside, however, Aeka wanted to have the courage to do the same
thing. The urge to do so was even stronger than usual. What was this new
feeling? She looked up at Tenchi who instinctively licked his lips after the
encounter with Ryoko. Had she seen what she thought she saw? Was he somehow
feeling it too?

    "What the hell Aeka, you want to share my action or something?" Ryoko
posed in front of Tenchi, guiding her index slowly from her mouth past her
shirt with a teasing smile as Tenchi fought back the urge to tackle her down
right then and there.

    "I will not bring myself to your level Ryoko, going around like some
cheap thrill!" Aeka countered as she secretly repositioned her kimono at the
mid-section when she was certain Tenchi was watching. Again Tenchi
had trouble containing himself.

    Ryoko was about to comment on that when Kiyone cut in. "Could you two
save it for now? I mean, this really isn't the time--" Kiyone was interupted
by a voice at the edge of the stairs.

    "I can love you in the shower, both of our bodies drippin' wet," Tye
made
his entrance with a song, "On the patio, I'll make it a night you won't
forget," Tye was putting emotion into it, "On the kitchen floor as I softly
pull your hair," Tye jumped on the table, "We can do it anywhere....." Tye
leapt backward into a sitting position next to Tenchi.

    As usual, all of the girls were blushing and it only encouraged Ryoko.

    Tenchi rolled his eyes, "Um Tye, could you not sing with that content at
the tab--"

    Tye continued with more emotion than before, "Please don't stop, I feel
it now, you feel it too-- shivering.....ooooohh it puts me close to you,
just let it flow, there's no other place to go! we can do it......."

    Tenchi raised his voice, "Tye...."

    "In the SHO-WER, on my WATERBED, we can do it all night long! In the
BEDROOM, we you touch me....I feel so good inside........." Tye carried on
with lifted spirit's.

    "Tye! Stop please!" Tenchi grabbed at his shoulder.

    Tye looked a him as if he had just been accused of murder, "Man,
stopping me when I'm in the middle of my zone. What's wrong?"

    "There are women present...." Tenchi whispered to him.

    Tye looked at the other girls and smirked, "You know they liked
it......" Tye gave up a wink to Mihoshi, who shyly looked down at the table.

    "Breakfast is ready!" Sassami handed out the plates to the gathered
group one by one.

    "Whats up my woman! How are you doing today?" Tye acknowledged Ryoko.

    "Nuttin much." Ryoko glanced at Tenchi with un-diminished hope for the
future.

    "Still trying to run your game eh? He hasn't givin it up yet I see," Tye
looked over at Tenchi who was staring at the floor, "Don't worry, you will
get at that soon." Tye shared a devilish smirk with Ryoko.
    "Lady Aeka........." Tye gently raised her hand to his lips and kissed
it, "I trust you are having a good day today." Tye said in a low, flirting
tone.

    "Well, I, yes I am, thank you." Aeka couldn't contain her blush.

    By now Tenchi's head was buried in his hands as he shook his head. "I
don't believe this..."

    "So, what's up with me and you....." Tye looked at Mihoshi.

    Mihoshi put on a confused face, "Ummm well, I really don't know. What's
up with us? What are we going to do?" Mihoshi asked.

    Everyone around the table face-faultered and fell over.

    Tye was going to comment on that when Washuu emerged from her lab in a
towel, looking at everyone expectantly. "Don't tell me you all forgot about
our beach-house party outside today. And I went through all that trouble
reconverting the bath house to be outside and it simulates a beach around
the pool too--"

    All of the women were already lined up to go out the door before she had
even finished.

    "Sorry, no BOYS allowed!" Mayuka winked.

    Nobuyuki ran put on a disapointed face when he found that only his son
and his nephew remained. "And this would have been the best time to make my
move," Nobuyuki explained, "I guess I'll have to show off my trunks on OUR
side."

    "What do you mean about the 'best' time?" Tenchi turned to face his
father.

    "Have you NO knowlege boy?" Katshuito walked in with a cup of fresh tea
in his hands, "It is obvious that the older women in this household are in
full blossom as of now." He sipped his tea.

    "Wha! You mean--" Tenchi jumped up.

    "Yep," Tye was way ahead of him, "they want it, and they want it BAD!

    "So that explains it!" Tenchi exclaimed.

    "This is our chance!" Tye grabbed him, "We can be the masters of our
sexual destiny's!" Tye spoke frantically.

    "You too?" Tenchi asked.

    "It's not like I'm a woman or anything Tenchi, I just have to make
womens' dreams come true." Tye posed.

    "No wonder you and I have been acting so strangely, you knew all along!
Oh brother, this is crazy!" Tenchi was becoming hysterical.

    Nobuyuki smirked, "Well what are we waiting for? We have a party to get
to!"

    Tai and Tenchi found themselves unable to relax in the large bath as
a sudden urge grew with every sound of the laughter in unison with the
splashing water.

    "What do we do! This is getting crazier by the second. Here we are, and
the girls want to have sex with us!" Tenchi began shaking his head rapidly,
"I can't deal with this!"

    Tye grabbed him firmly, "We'll get through this, hand on!" He turned to
Nobuyuki, sweat pouring down his face, "Did Washuu leave her barrier down?"

    "Yes, I guess she neglected or forgot." Nobuyuki explained.

    Tye and Tenchi looked up at the short brick wall blocking the two sides.

    "Got a plan?" Tenchi said with a heavy dose of sarcasm. He couldn't
believe their bad luck.

    "Yeah, we need my karaoke music system and Nobuyuki's water guns first."
Tye breathed heavily, "If we give them what they want without GIVING them
what they want, we can make their urge die down."

    "Here they are." Katshuito handed the waterguns to Tenchi and the
karaoke system to Tye.

    "This is too much, I need some tea!" Tenchi grabbed the cup on the side
of the bath and rapidly began sipping from it.

    Nobuyuki groaned, "That's not tea......."

    Tenchi suddenly became dizzy, "Don't tell me, this is your special 'I
love you' sake?"

    "Your gonna be perved now, Tenchi, in the worst ways possible." Tye
shook his head.

    Tenchi instinctively broke into a run, "I have to get out of here, I
have to wash up.....I be right back!" Tenchi cried.

    Tye made a dive for him to no avail, "No Tenchi! That sake will take
affect soon, we have to stick to the plan!" Tye scrambled to follow him.

    Tenchi jogged until he reached the transparent fence blocking him from
entry to the girls' pool area. He gripped the diamond shaped outlines and
peered inside. All of the girls seemed to be having a great time. Ironically
enough, Ryoko and Aeka were teamed up- Ryoko in a revealing silver two-piece
bikini while Aeka kept it simple in a sky-blue bathing suit that showed off
her slender legs and smooth arms. They were pitted against Mihoshi and
Kiyone in a game of pool-volleyball, Mihoshi in a purple tank-top with
matching rolled up shorts and Kiyone wearing a cutoff white shirt rolled up
on the sleeves with a dark bikini bottom with a heart on the side. Dispite
Kiyone's obvious playing disadvantage, Aeka and Ryoko were losing because of
even more obvious bickering among teammates. Washuu was playing the referee
in an inventive white one-piece with vertical black stripes and a cabby's
hat with the words genius on it. She was also hosting the whole party and
announcing events. To the left of the game, Sassami and Mayuka were happily
making a sand castle while Ryo-oh-ki was dancing around it in her humanoid
form, they were all in pink and white salior uniforms.

    They loved him. The sake was kicking in. They trusted him. The hell with
it. Tenchi started climbing the fence rapidly with a new motivation, a new
obsession. He frantically grabbed for the love of sex. half way up he missed
his mark and fell back to the dirt.

    Ryoko looked to the side to see Tenchi dusting himself off. She would
have to question why would he even be near their area at this time, but what
the hay, she trusted him. After all, he was only Tenchi right?
    "Hey Tenchi, nice bod'! Why don't you come over here, the waters fine!"
Ryoko waved to Tenchi.

    Tenchi looked at himself. He had totally forgotten he didn't have his
shirt on, much less to be embarrassed about it. At least he didn't take off
his shorts.
    "Hi, just going to the house real fast, Ryoko! Nothing unusual, just
typical me." Tenchi laughed dispite himself as he instinctively rested his
right hand on his head.

    Ryoko was in mid-flight to retreive Tenchi when a volley-ball made
contact with her face, making her fall backward into the water. Ryoko
emerged to the chorus of laughter and locked glares with Aeka.
    "You did that on purpose!" Ryoko growled.

    Aeka made a dismissive gesture, "Well, you should learn to concentrate
on the game instead of always looking for an excuse to go back to your
slutty ways! Your need manners if you want to pick up on someone like
Tenchi!" Aeka retorted.

    "AND YOU NEED A BODY!" Ryoko made a dive for Aeka's throat.

    Soon after followed a union of splashing water, battlecries, and
ocassional whistleblows from Washuu. luckily for Tenchi, girls fighting was
a major turn-off. He quickly crept away towards the house.

    Tenchi sat on his bed, trying to keep his mind clear. The fighting had
stopped, and it was only a matter of time before the obsession took control
of him again.
    "What am I thinking, I'm drunk. I can't fight this, I should've stuck to
the plan--" Tenchi was interrupted by a surge emotion and feeling entering
his brain. Ryoko.....
Aeka.....Mihoshi....Kiyone.....Washuu.....Sassami.....Mayuka.....NO!

    Tenchi fell to the ground, cradling himself just to keep himself from
shaking. It was all too much to bare, if only he hadn't hidden his emotions
for so long. Now it was too late...

    "Tenchi, we have to do it now before--" Tye rushed into Tenchi's room to
see his fallen cousin.

    Tenchi slowly rose to his feet with a smile. Tye took one look and knew
that Nobuyuki's cursed drink had taken over.

    "Oh shit........" Tye said to himself.

    "I must go and do what I wanted for so long. I am not afraid anymore,
you can let me do what needs to be done...." Tenchi was in a trance.

    "That's not you talking, Tenchi. Their urge is triggered by the girls'
emotional lust for us. We can control them if we satisfy their urges without
actually having sex." Tye explained.

    Tenchi shook his head, "That doesn't matter anymore. I know what I want
now. Move away from the door!" Tenchi rushed at Tye.

    Tye locked onto Tenchi and they grappled around the room.

    "Sorry," Tenchi smiled, "I'm losing almost all my control. The
pain...the pain..."

    "It's cool," Tye returned, "But we really need to follow through with
the plan--" Tye bulldogged Tenchi backward.

    Mid-way through the step, Tye lost his balance and both boys caught air
and went right through the window. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

    "Miyaa, Miyyyyyaaaaa!" The cabbit pointed to the sky.

    Mayuka looked up in the same direction, "Someone's coming from the sky.
Look!" Mayuka called out.

    Everyone sat up from their position on their lawnchairs and joined
Mayuka. Two figures seemed to fly out of the window like rockets, vertically
climbing until they reached just over the fence; falling rapidly and landing
firmly at the foot of pool.

    "What happened? Where are we?" Tye got up to face all of the women in
the household, a look of concern and surprise on each of their faces. Tye
swallowed hard.

    "What is it now, Tye?" Tenchi shook off the sake and the obsession that
took control only moments before. Tenchi swallowed hard as he saw shock on
the faces of the people that trusted him the most. It was over, he had
betrayed them.

    "What's going on here?" Washuu took the lead, crossing her arms. She
sounded more turned-on than concerned. A bad sign.

    "I too want an explaination," Aeka looked hurt and flattered at the same
time, "what are you doing here Tenchi? Tell me that you can explain this?"
Aeka looked at the ground to hide her emotion.

    Tenchi tried to find words but found himself lost. Their heat was
growing and he couldn't do anything about it. This wasn't going to turn out
good. He had become the victim, the person that they loved so much that they
were willing to rape.
    "I--I" Tenchi tried to speak.

    "Naughty boys!" Sassami accused.

    "Don't tell me this is the true you Tenchi." Mihoshi joined in, sounding
delighted.

    Tye took over, "We didn't mean to surprise you. We fell out of the
window."

    "What were you two doing in the window?" Kiyone was flustered.

    "Well, me and Tenchi figured we should suprise you....." Tye looked a
Tenchi for support.

    "Yeah, yeah. SURPRISE!" Tenchi followed along.

    "What surprise, Tenchi?" Ryoko put on a devilish smile.

    "We thought that we should help you girls celebrate with this," Tye
turned to whisper to Tenchi, "Got the waterguns?"

    "HIT IT GRANDPA!" Tenchi turned to Tye, "Yeah I have the waterguns but
what do we do?"

    "Follow along...." Tye said before the music started.

    "Oh karaoke........" Mihoshi laughed.

    Oh course to them it was just karoke. But to Tye and Tenchi, they were
saving their sex lives:

--This thing right here, is letting all the ladies know, what guys talk
about. You know, the finer things in life...--

Tenchi and Tye broke out the water guns.

--Oh that dress is so scandeless, you know another nigga' couldn't handle
it...shaking that thang like whose the pish with a look in your eyes that
are so devilish--

Tye worked on Washuu, took the impact of the blast straight to the pool.
Tenchi sprayed Aeka, who defensively covered her face as she laughed.
    "Oh Lord Tenchi!"

--She liked to dance in the hip-hop spots and cruise to the grooves and
connect-the-dots.....and just her bin she like ta pop cause she was livin'
la vida loca!--

Sassami, Mayuka, and Ryo-oh-ki laughed as they were sprayed by both Tenchi
and Tye.
    "Ahhhhhh, oh no!"
    "Daddddyyyy, hahahah!"
    "Miyyyyaaaaa!"

--She had dumps like a truck, truck, truck.....thighs like what? what?
what?....baby move your butt, butt, butt.....I think I'll sing it again, she
had!--

    Tye worked Kiyone up and down until her shirt was see-through.
    "Hayyy, stop it Tye!"

    Tenchi was chasing Mihoshi around the pool, marking her backside.
    "Tenchi, I'm scared of spray!"

    --Let me see that thong! Love it when the beat go (dadadad), let me make
you butty go (dadadad), I love it when your butty show, that THONG-
THONG-THONG-THONG!--

    Ryoko tried to fly away but was sprayed back onto the concrete.
    "Tenchiiiiiiiii!"

    Tenchi and Tye chased all of the girls around the pool until the song
finished, all of them laughing the whole time.

    "That should cool you down!" Tye laughed.

    Tye and Tenchi looked around to all the determined and devilish faces
and knew they were in for it. "Uh oh......."

    "It's hard drinking your tea when you can hear screams THAT loud,"
Nobuyuki laughed, "I wonder what the girls are doing to those poor boys in
the lab. Not hurting them too much I hope!" Nobuyuki slapped Katshuito on
the back.

    Katshuito rolled his eyes, "Let us go to the shrine, then."

    Nobuyuki looked concerned, "Are you sure? What if something happens to
my son that I should be aware of!?"

    "Come along, you won't miss anything important."

 "STOP PLEASE! THATS ENOUGH WASHUU!" Tye and Tenchi both cried. They're arms
were tied over their heads and their legs were strapped into a metallic
wall, escape not an option.

    Washuu relaxed her broad whip on her shoulder as she turned to face the
girls, a grin upon her face, "What do you think girls? Should I let them off
the hook?"

    "More! More!" The girls were cheering Washuu on.

    "No! No!" Tenchi and Tye screamed.

    It turned out that Washuu whipped like a mother, giving a lick for each
thing she had to say:

    "You wrecked my party,"
    "Ouch!"
    "You made me fall in the water,"
    "Ooohh!"
    "Sprayed us with water,"
    "Eeeehhhhhhhh!"
    "And to top it all off, you didn't even use the proper foreplay
technique!"
    "What!?"
    "Are you even sorry about what you did?"
    "Were sorry! Sorry! SORRY!"
    "GOOD!"

    Washuu reclined to her black laptop and typed in several keys. Within
seconds, Tye and Tenchi fell to the ground.

    "I'm not finished yet," Washuu's tone suddenly became stern, "Why did
you two do it? It doesn't seem like you at all."

    "Especially you Tenchi. We would've never thought." Aeka looked into
Tenchi's eyes.

    "I suppose it wouldn't help to say that we did it for you." Tenchi
choked out.

    "What do you mean?" Sassami asked with a look of concern.

    Tye spoke up, "We did it because we know."

    "I don't understand," Kiyone looked puzzled, "explain this."

    "WE KNOW about you being......." Tye rotated his hand.

    "You know......." Tenchi followed.

    All of the girls looked at eachother, searching for the explaination.
Then it came to them. Were they really talking about THAT?

    "OHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The girls said in unison.

    "How did you boys find out?" Washuu asked.

    "Lord Katshuito." Tye answered.

    "That guy is too wise for me." Ryoko rolled her eyes, "But your telling
me that you entertained us because we were anxious?"

    "Yep." They both said.

    "I think I understand now, " Aeka thought it over, "they knew that we
were in heat and considering that they couldn't fully satisfy us, they tried
to tame it by entertaining us." Aeka explained.

    "Interesting, and it was kind of sweet," Washuu smiled, "okay, your
excused to go."

    Tenchi settled in his bed with Tye on the floor. Their head was full of
thoughts and their bodies still ached with pain from the lashes.

    "I don't ever want to go through that again. And I don't mean the
lashes!" Tye finally spoke up.

    "It has been quite a day, I never would've thought in a million years
that I would been bold enough to do something like that." Tenchi looked at
the ceiling.

    "There was more at stake anyway," Tye said. He sat up and faced Tenchi,
"Tell me something, Tenchi. Honestly."

    "Yeah?" Tenchi spoke up.

    "Would you really mind if it came down to having sex with one of them? I
mean, it's going to happen sooner or later." Tye pointed out.

    Tenchi sighed, "To tell the truth, not at all. It more along the lines
of all of the other girls' feelings. It would actually different if there
was just one of them or something. I don't know how I would react."

    Tye drew a breath, "Well, I'm just going to take a quick walk. I'll see
you in a second." Tye exited the room.

    No sooner had he done so, Ryoko phased through the wall, appearing
before Tenchi.

    "Ryoko, what's going on?" Tenchi tried to get up but found that the
wounds had fully surfaced on his body, pinning him to the bed.

    "That was very sweet of you Tenchi...." Ryoko sat on the side of the
bed, looking into his eyes, "I didn't think you cared so much."

    "The reason why I did it was because you would take this out on me."
Tenchi was sweating.

    "Why are you always like that Tenchi? I promise I won't bite," Ryoko
caressed Tenchi's cheek, "I have feelings too."

    Tenchi eased up, "Well, what is it?"

    "I want to know once and for all," Ryoko locked onto his eyes, "Do you
love me?"

    "What? I can't answer that!" Tenchi's eye's grew wide.

    "Please, would you, Tenchi? Would you even like me that much to want to
say yes?"

    Tenchi fell silent.

    Ryoko, saddened by this, phased away.

    Why did he feel so guilty? How could she ever expect him to tell her
something like that? Tenchi tried to turn but found that more weight had
added to his body. He looked up again to see Ryoko on top of him.

    "Ryoko? What the--" Tenchi started.

    "Well now, were going to play a little game, Tenchi....."

    Tye fell to his knees. The pain from the whip was kicking in, throbbing
and poking at his flesh.

    "Are you alright?" Mihoshi dropped to her knees to help him.

    "I'm fine, I just didn't think the pain would be this bad!" Tye said
sarcastically."

    They both laughed at that. Tye

    "Can I ask you something Tye?" Mihoshi asked.

    "Yeah?" Tye looked up.

    "What did you mean at the breakfast table today?" Mihoshi asked.

    "Oh that? I meant do we have something going for us." Tye answered.

    "Do you think we do?" Mihoshi said plainly.

    "Come closer and I'll tell you....." Tye pulled Mihoshi in and proceeded
to slide her tank top strands down to her elbows, tenderly kissing the nape
of her neck.

    Mihoshi instinctively closed her eyes in the moment, "Tye, what are you
doing?"

    "About to make love to you...." Tye worked his way up to her mouth.

    "Ummm, aren't you supposed to tell me something?" Mihoshi managed
between kisses.

    "This is it right here......."
    "Oh, okay......"

    Mihoshi moved in closer as she allowed him to slide off the tank top,
hugging him into her breast. Mihoshi used her feet to slide off his shorts
as he pulled down hers, lifting her just high enough for her to slide into
him. Tye rocking her, Mihoshi riding and grinding him, hair whipping right
and left, rythmic voices of a lovely chorus. Passion under the stars.

    "Mihoshi....." Tye called.
    "Hmmmmmmmm?" Mihoshi purred.
    "Hope you don't...........don't mind about this...."
    "That's okay........I'm very forgiving......."

    They didn't see Kiyone's disappointed face nearby....

    "Now you know the rules of this game...." Ryoko purred.

    Tenchi stood helpless with the beautiful pirate on his crotch.

    "I know you love me, Tenchi. And you WILL admit it." Ryoko moved back
far enough to take off his shorts.
    "The proof is in the pudding, Tenchi," Ryoko smiled at the erected
anatomy, "this little guy can say alot." Ryoko carressed it softly.

    Tenchi's breath started to quicken, "Ryoko please......"

    "Now, now Tenchi, don't get any ideas yet, that was only a freebee."
Ryoko made a gesture towards her bikini top, "You want to see them don't
you?"

    Tenchi gulped, "I--I--I"

    "No more lies Tenchi, this little guy knows if your lying," Ryoko
smiled, "all you have to do is say you like me...."

    "Ryoko I can't--" Tenchi started.

    "Wrong!" Ryoko began to carress his anatomy again.

    Tenchi held out for only a few seconds, "I like you Ryoko......"

    "Nope," Ryoko continued the torture, "the object is to say something
better."

    "I CARE about you Ryoko!" Tenchi was out of breath.

    Ryoko took off her top, revealing firm and tempting breasts. Tenchi put
his hand out to touch them but immediately had his hand slapped.

    "Not yet!" Ryoko now gestured towards her bottom, "Do you want me?"

    Tenchi tried to fight his impulses.

    "Looks like you need some motivation," Ryoko placed his erection between
her breasts and began sliding her breasts up and down it's shaft.

    "Ohhhhhhhh Ryoko......."
     "Say it......."
    "Ryoko, I NEED you......."

    Ryoko slid out of her bottom and stood completely naked before Tenchi.
Tenchi felt the blood trickle down his nose.

    "Final test," Ryoko squatted right on top of Tenchi's erection, "Say
that you love me....."

    "Ryoko I can't--"

    Ryoko slid down the shaft and went back up, "Did you like that Tenchi?"

    "Yes......yes.......yes"

     "Tenchi......" Ryoko continually grinded and sloped down his shaft.

    Through all the pleasure, Tenchi could find no other words.

    "I love you........I love you......."

    (Hope you liked that story, stay tuned for So Anxious Part 3- In the
Zone.)