Disclaimer: Do you really care?

Story:It was a Monday morning in the Misaki house hold and Ryoko was waiting
for Tenchi to awake.

Tenchi wakes up and stares up to see Ryoko.
Tenchi: Hi there Ryoko what ya doing up there
Ryoko: Well I was waiting for you to wake up so I could ask you if you
wanted a...
Tenchi runs out of the room at the word blow job
Ryoko: Hey slow down *chases after him*
Tenchi runs into the bathroom and closes the door.
Ryoko screams as Tenchi runs in
Ryoko: Noooo! I cant get him in there
Ryoko sits by the door and waits pawing at it and whimpering.
Aieka steps behind Ryoko
Aieka: You vile demon Ryoko why dont you give up only males can get into the
males bathroom Aieka walks off laughing at Ryoko's despair
Ryoko: hmm....I know
Ryoko appears behind Misaki and then appears at the bathroom with him.
Ryoko: Open this door
Misaki: uh sure
Misaki opens the door and goes back down stairs
Ryoko rushes in the bathroom and shuts the door
Ryoko: I got you now!
Tenchi: Ryoko what are you doing in here?
Ryoko: I love you Tenchi but I got needs its been over 900 years since I
last had sex and I want you!
Tenchi gulps
Ryoko: Now lets say we get to this *taking off her dress*
The door suddenly opens and Aieka walks in
Ryoko sees Misaki no where
Ryoko: Hey how'd you get in?
Aieka: Cause I have a penis see im actually a gay guy from a dip water
asteroid
Ryoko throws Aieka out the window
Tenchi:...WTF is going on here?
Tenchi wakes up
Tenchi: What a weird dream...
he stares up at Ryoko
Tenchi sees she's sleeping in his room again hovering above his bed.
Tenchi: Least she didnt sneak into my bed naked like she did last week...he
gets a mental picture of the moment[Unable to display image]he sighs and
gets
dressed and walks out the door not disturbing the sleeping Ryoko.
He has the best breakfast of his life (when isnt it) and goes to school.
He gets home and has swords practice and takes a bath. He has supper and
goes
to his bedroom.
He opens the door and sees Ryoko naked and masturbating in HIS bed.
He gets a large sweat drop on his head.
Ryoko: notices him and quickly starts to faze away.
Tenchi: Ryoko dont go
Tenchi sits besides her and looks into her eyes
Tenchi: Ryoko I love you and im finally ready for you.
They latch into a long passionate kiss. They have sex in his bed with Aieka
listening in the next room. She cries as Ryoko lets out another moan.

The end.
So what ya think its my third and im still not to good yet Im gonna make a
conclusion if I get two good comments
The 2nd will be about the next day Tittle: Insanity strikes
JohnMew <A HREF="http://www.angelfire.com/sk/PokemonPlanet/homepage.html
">Welcome to the under water Pokemon resort</A>
