	What up. Yeah, I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any related characters. MajorSmall back for 
part two in my ten part story. Hope you like it. The next will soon be on the way.
MS

Spirits of Desire- No Need for Temptations
	Washu reeled back in her chair and ran to the open door, which sealed. The entire lab 
disappeared and turned into a red translucent like field. The ground shook like an earthquake was 
going on in every square foot. Then a man came out of nowhere. He was tall, almost six and a 
half feet, making Washu child -like in size. She looked at him with terror in her eyes. 
"Well I am here mother, I am here like you wanted," said the man
"Kiyotaka, it cannot be, you cannot exist," screamed Washu.
"You made me Washu, you knew what you were in for. Now I am real, and you are 
responsible," Said Kiyotaka calmly. 
	Washu looked at him with eyes filled with both fear and remorse. Time seemed to slow 
down as she remembered the event that caused his creation. She crouched back and reeled with 
fear.
	"Now I have you and I will make you hear me," said Kiyotaka.
	"What do you want," yelled Washu. 
	"Actually, I would ask you the same," said Kiyotaka.
	"What do you mean?" asked Washu.
	"Simple, you made me more then five thousand years ago, back in space. I know you can 
remember. I was made to serve you and give you anything you wish to indulge in and I plan to do 
just that.
I plan to give you and your new found family whatever they want," explained Kiyotaka calmly.
	"Bite your tongue." said Washu, about to continue when Kiyotaka stiffly crunched his 
teeth down on his tongue.
	"You do want to serve us," realized Washu.
	"I do," answered Kiyotaka. 
	"Well, that's too bad. You are nothing but a demon. That's how I made you."
Screamed Washu, as she materialized a laser cannon and started taking aimed shots at Kiyotaka. 
As the shots echoed throughout the lab, the whole house shook from vibrations. 

	Ryoko stirred and sat up. Seeing Ayeka with her eyes closed.
	"Well, good morning princess," Said Ryoko with one eye closed "What's with all the 
vibrations?"
	"Good morning Ryoko," said Ayeka strangly pleasant, "I don't know what all the 
vibrations are,"
	"Well they seem to be coming from Washu's lab. We should go see what it is," Ryoko 
phased out and Ayeka started out of the room. Kiyone got up off the couch and wiped off her 
eyes. Sasami came out of the kitchen.
	"What's going on?" Asked Sasami. No answer came as they stared at the storage space 
and sounds eminating from it. It was an intriguing sound.

	"You are a fool," Said Kiyotaka, holding Washu by the neck and holding her life in his 
hands, "You are no match for me Washu. You have no way to stop me. And your friends won't 
be able to resist me, I am uncanny in those sort of things. I will get them so simply."
	"Oh yeah, well if you hurt me they will see me and notice," said Washu, muffled by 
Kiyotaka's grip.
	"Well, I won't let them see you," said Kiyotaka. He flicked his wrist and snapped his 
fingers and an identical copy of Washu appeared. She looked exactly like Washu, except she had 
blue eyes. 
	"Well Little Washu, I think I need to put you somewhere where you won't cause me 
trouble. Have fun the prison you stuffed me in all those years ago," Screamed Kiyotaka as he 
opened a dimensional rift that enveloped the floor of the lab. He held Washu close and kissed her 
on the lips.
	"Unless you want to negotiate," said Kiyotaka.
	Washu unable to reply simply spit in his face, and let out a muffled scream. 
	"What a pity, just say if you wish to reconsider," said Kiyotaka as he flung Washu into 
the swirling blue green lake. 
	She screamed out a huge scream as skeletal arms reached out, grabbed her, and pulled her 
down.
	"KIYOTAKA!!!" screamed Washu "DAMN YOU!!!" She was enveloped in the abyss.
	"Such a pity," said Kiyotaka in his most sinister fashion. He strutted out of her lab like he 
owned it and tugged on the clone of Washu so as to make it seem it was the real Washu when he 
walked out. 
	"Hi everyone, this is Kiyotaka model 7001 genie-bot. It is a real genie that I made. I am 
SUCH A GENIUS," Screamed the false Washu.
	"Wow Miss Washu, that's really cool," Said Sasami.
	"Come now, no need to be so formal. From now on call me Shuii," said the clone.
	*Shuii, a nice touch* thought Kiyotaka. "Well I think I must introduce myself, I am 
Kiyotaka Matsayama, and I am here to help each one of you."
	"How the heck will you do that?" asked Ryoko
	"Simple, I have the ability to grant each one of a wish, whatever it may be, as long as it is 
within my power. May it be for power, money, happiness, or.." he paused "or love, I will grant 
it."
	"This is too good, there must be some catch," stated Kiyone with a lot of confidence. As 
a Galaxy police officer she had the ability to see a like it were a black spot on a white wall.
	"I will do it for whatever you want me to do it for, however, for each wish made, the 
price gets steeper. After three wishes, I name the price," said Kiyotaka.
	"What will we do with these wishes?" asked Ayeka.
	"What a dumb question princess, just ask for anything," said Ryoko.
	"Well, alright then, I want to be in the arms of the person I love," said Ayeka.
	"Alright," said Kiyotaka, and with a snap of his fingers, Ayeka ended up being in an 
embrace with Sasami.
	"WHAT?!?" screamed Ayeka.
	"I see incest AND arrogance run in Jurai's royal family," said Ryoko.
	"GRRRRR. I wish for Ryoko to be in immense pain!!!" screamed Ayeka, after letting go 
of Sasami. 
	"Well, what will you give me, this is your second wish," Ayeka looked around while 
thinking reached up and took off her royal head-piece. 
	"Here," she said. 
	"Ayeka," muttered Sasami.
	"Hey, what are you doing!?!" Screamed Ryoko
	Kiyotaka took it in his hand, vaporized it, and nodded. "Fine,"
He said, and with a flick of his wrist a huge beast immerged from nowhere. It was covered in 
spikes that glinted like they were razor sharp. Its bones were visible through its skin. It stood on 
all fours and the horns on its head were shaped like a ram's. The beast picked up Ryoko as 
Sasami and Kiyone ducked into the kitchen. Ayeka sat with a huge smile on her face as the beast 
plunged it's arm deep in Ryoko's chest.
	"AHhhhhhahHHH, AAAAYYYYEEEKKKKAAAA!!!!" screamed Ryoko at the top of 
her lungs. Her body arched as she felt the un-imaginable pain.
	"Say you want it to stop," said Kiyotaka, muffled under all the screams. 
	"SSSTTOOOPPP IITT!!!!!" screamed Ryoko.
	Kiyotaka snapped his fingers and the beast vanished. A grim face replaced Ayeka's smile 
as she realized she had but one wish remaining. She closed her eyes and prepared for pain.
	"Ayeka, I wont waste a wish on you," said Ryoko, who appeared to be in no harm. Just 
sit back and relax. I'll get you later." 
	"Do any of you have wishes that are remotely interesting?" asked Shuii.
	"Well I actually do said Ryoko. I want the one thing that would make Ayeka hate me 
more than ever," said Ayeka.
	"Give me something," said Kiyotaka. Ryoko reached into her robe and pulled out a 
picture of her and Tenchi. This was her favorite since Tenchi is smiling and not breaking up a 
fight. Ryoko smiled and handed it to Kiyotaka, who waved his hand over Ryoko and she 
disappeared. Kiyone and Sasami walked back into the living room, very cautious.
	"Where? Where's Ryoko?" asked Sasami.
	"She's living up her wish, which should start any minute now," said Kiyotaka "By the 
way, if any of you have a wish, just ask. Shuii will come get me." 
	Kiyone looked on as Kiyotaka vanished in thin air.

	Meanwhile in another part of the Masaki residence, the shrine to be exact, Tenchi was 
diligently sweeping. Tenchi looked out at the open forest surrounding his home and closed his 
eyes. He wondered why his mind was wandering in this way. 
	Suddenly, a small black portal appeared in front of him. He stared at it with a feeling of 
awe. Ryoko emerged in a Black lace bra with matching thong. She beckoned Tenchi closer. 
Tenchi was about to recoil, but his own intrigue drew him closer to Ryoko with every step. 
Finally, he was standing right in front of Ryoko. The black portal extended under his feet and he 
was sucked in.
	
	"Hmm, what could this mean, this is strange," Muttered Yosho. His eyes wandered over 
the well of the shrine. He had tossed a coin in, as he usually does, when he sees a well, since his 
time on Jurai. He does this traditionally to 'pay' for a happy and care-free day, yet today, the coin 
floated on top of the water. Only one other time did this happen, when he went off to battle 
Ryoko. 
	"Some great power is affecting the spiritual flow," said Yosho.

	Meanwhile Tenchi lay on a bed looking down at the foot of the bed, where Ryoko stood.
She reached back around and un buttoned her bra. It slid off her silky body and exposed her large 
breasts and hardening nipples. She then pulled down her thong and stood there naked and stared 
at Tenchi, who got lost in her beauty and perfection. She closed her eyes and began to dance and 
touch herself, in an apparent attempt to seduce Tenchi. Tenchi knew he could tell Ryoko to stop, 
but he could not have the heart to stop her. She walked closer to him. She pulled down his pants 
to get at his cock. She bent her head down over it and began to suck it hard. She had finally 
gotten her way. She felt it getting stiff in her mouth. Tenchi began to moan loudly. Ryoko kept 
sucking harder and faster until Tenchi began to growl. Ryoko began to suck softer, and run her 
tongue along the head. Finally, she sat up and looked in Tenchi's eyes. He looked in her amber 
eyes and nodded. Ryoko sat down on Tenchi's cock. She forced it into herself. She screamed loud 
as she began to move up and down. Tenchi felt obliged to help, and started helping Ryoko 
bounce. She moaned and screamed and huffed and puffed as she felt Tenchi's cock rub the inside 
of her sex. She looked deep into his eyes and wrapped her lips around his. Tenchi, anticipating 
this, gripped Ryoko's ass tightly. As Ryoko kissed Tenchi, passionately, Tenchi continued to 
move her hips so they could remain pleasured. Ryoko thought in her mind this was what she had 
been waiting for. Tenchi screamed in Ryoko's mouth as he pulled her away. He then moved her 
into a new position. She was now on all fours. He began to move his hips and drive deeper and 
deeper into her. All Ryoko could do is moan and scream. Tenchi reached up and grabbed Ryoko's
Stiff nipple and began to pinch it hard. She felt this and reached down to massage her clit. Tenchi 
felt her orgasm coming like a sixth sense, and as she was on the verge of cumming, would slow 
down and drive in smaller distances. She began to moan loudly. She wanted to be teased and 
loved every second of it. Tenchi once again picked up the pace. Ryoko's head arched as she 
reared up so she was now kneeling in front of Tenchi. Ryoko moved so she was lying side ways 
on the bed. Tenchi stood on the floor and began to drive into her once more. Ryoko screamed 
loud as Tenchi continuously drove harder and deeper into Ryoko. She reached up and began to 
feel herself. Finally, after a huge scream, Ryoko came and sprayed all over Tenchi and dripped on 
the floor. Tenchi, feeling this, could not contain himself. He came. Tenchi's cum shot deep into 
Ryoko's sex in waves. She felt it and began to scream loudly, louder than she ever screamed 
before. 
	Finally, Ryoko had gotten what she wanted. A moment with Tenchi, who was now 
sleeping soundly, was all she wanted. She then pulled out a small camera that sat in the head bar 
of the bed. She removed the tape and held it tight to her sweat drenched breasts.
	"Like I said, Ayeka, I'll get you later," said Ryoko softly. She teleported Tenchi and her-
self so they were in Tenchi's room. He was still sleeping. She put him on his bed, lay down next 
to him, and put her head on his chest. She closed her eyes and they slept.

End part 2
Preview of part 3
Ryoko's wish has been granted and she now has exactly what she wanted. She is going to make 
Ayeka pay dearly. What? Ayeka has a plan of her own, well she will with Kiyotaka helping. 
Plans collide next on Spirits of Desire: No Need for Revenge. It's unimaginably resentful. 

P+S
Readers, if you have any feed back, compliments or story ideas or anything, email me at 
eat2more@aol.com
