Note:I don't own Tenchi Universe or related characters or titles. This is my
first fanfic. Enjoy.
MS

Spirit of Desire- No Need for Bad Dreams

    Tenchi quietly rose from bed his head drenched with sweat. Nothing was
on
his mind but the dream he had. For the past several nights he dreamt of
making love to one of the girls, whilst this isn't new to him(he's only half
human), however he can only look at the girls now whilst thinking of his
dreams and he felt awkward, even when Ryoko or Mihoshi pat him on the back,
or
even when Sasami holds his hand. He rose from bed slowly. He readied himself
to visit with the ladies. He knew what was coming, and he did not want it.
He
slid open the sliding door and opened it. He was blasted with the smell of
eggs and fresh coffee.
       Ryoko and Ayeka were obviously asleep as their loud yells were not
heard. Kiyone was on a chair near the base of the stairs with her data-pad
out. He started down the stairwell slowly as he didn't want to disturb her.
He stepped down each step like it was an eternity into the kitchen, slunk
into a chair and buried
his head in his hands.

    "Good-Morning," said Sasami politely. Tenchi mumbled under his voice as
she strutted over and dropped a plate of carrot omelets, fresh potatoes, and
rice on the table in front of him. Normally, Sasami could tell when Tenchi
was feeling bad or troubled, and today was no
exception.
    "What's wrong Tenchi?" asked Sasami
    "Nothing, really. Thank you, Sasami," mumbled Tenchi
    "You're a terrible liar, Tenchi," slowly said Sasami
    "I... I just haven't been sleeping well," Tenchi Replied.
    "Oh, okay. Tell me before you sleep, I'll make you some tea to calm
you,"
said Sasami slowly but very surely
    "Thanks, Sasami," Replied Tenchi. He could only mumble as his mind
wandered to his dreams. He remembered the dream he had with Sasami, who now
was nearly sixteen, which was enough to make him crazy for her at first
sight
of her.
    He remembered he would move up to her and slowly draw back her blue hair
to behind her ears and passionately kiss her and put his tongue in her
mouth.
Slowly she would unbutton his pants and moan into his mouth during the kiss.
He would move off here robes and strip her until she wore only her bra and
panties. She would then break the kiss and remove his shirt. She then would
kiss on his neck as he moved his hand up her bra and slowly massage her
breasts, sometimes, ever gently stroking her nipple and giving it a slight
pinch. She would kiss his chest
all the way to his under pants. She slid them down, and wrapped her mouth
around his cock and start to suck, hard. He could feel it getting hard in
Sasami's quaint little mouth. She would occasionally let out a slight moan
as
his cock went and, slowly, rub the back of her throat. She would suck as
Tenchi would slowly rub her hair. He then would remove her head and move her
on to her back. He then removed her bra and started licking her breast and
tickling her nipple with his tongue. He would suckle on her breast, at the
same time he would tickle her midsection until he moves his hand down her
white cotton panties. Sasami moans slightly and puts her hand on his
and guides his fingers in and out of her pussy. He would go faster and
faster, harder and harder, exploring inside Sasami until she was on the
verge
of cumming and he would remove his fingers and kiss his way down her. She
would moan slightly as her pussy started getting wetter and hotter. He
kissed
his way finally to her legs. He started licking inside her thighs as she put
her hand on his head. He would then lick her lower lips and clit when he
felt
he needed to tease her. He then would stick his tongue deep within her. She
would scream slightly, as her breasts moved
up and down from heavy breathing. He then climbed back away from her pussy
until he could penetrate Sasami. She almost came as he moved his cock into
her pussy. She moved him on his back and sat up so she was sitting on him.
She would slowly ride him, moving her hips in circles ever so small. He
would
reach up and squeeze her tits, feel them up, and other wise rub her chest
until she started moving up and down. She screamed and moaned and tightened
her lips as she
felt his cock go deeper and farther into her. Her breasts moving up and
down.
She started humping harder and harder until she would go to the tip and all
the way back down. She could fell his cock brushing from her clit and labia
as it went up and down. Finally she screamed extremely high pitched as she
came all over him. He could see the fatigue in her eyes as her cum drenched
his testicles. He would grab her hips and continue to move her up and down
and keep
her pussy wet. She had came hard already, and as she came again she felt the
juices flowing from her pussy in huge waves. He continued to move her until
she fell forward. He then would turn her in her back and continue
penetrating
her pussy harder and faster. He put his hands near her shoulders on the
floor
and started pushing deeper into her. She started rubbing her tits with one
hand as she reached down and massaged her clit until, finally, she came and
he came one second
later. She felt his cock empty inside her as he let out a deep growl. She
loved the electric feeling of warmth within her sex as her entire body
screamed with pleasure. He then would remove his cock from her hot, drenched
pussy and hold her tight.
    Tenchi vividly remembered this dream like it was happening now. Sasami
was still washing dishes as Tenchi started heading out to pray at the
temple,
as he did every day, and see what the others were up to. The sky was an
endless blue and grass was moving in waves with the breeze. The lake
glistened and air was very fresh. He knew that this serene surrounding was
maybe the most peaceful around. He started his walk to the temple as the sun
shone upon his face.
The grass brushed his toes as he strode across the field. His mind was
flooded with thoughts of his dreams. How soon would he let this problem
lapse
into the back of his memory. The shrine was only a few dozen steps above the
horizon. The uplifting feeling of spiritual energy would help settle his
nerves. The temple was looking as it normally did. It was autumn and the
leaves spotted most of the shrine. He went to the main section of the temple
where his grandfather was,
as usual, cleaning the shrine.
    "Tenchi, how are you?" said Yosho. His voice sounded much like Tenchi's
in the fact that it sounded as if something was troubling him.
    "What's wrong, Grandfather?" asked Tenchi, considering what possibly
Yosho could say.
    "It is nothing really," replied Yosho, but with all his wisdom, his
answer sounded like a child's when he had a problem.
    "Grandfather, please tell me," begged Tenchi in a caring yet overly
strange way. He never asked his Grandfather about his problems, this was an
unexpected turn of events.
    "Well, I have been having odd dreams," admitted the quiet priest.
    "I have been having dreams; dreams of the endless fields of Jurai, the
high mountains, the boundless sky, the low valleys, the deep and quiet
forests. It has been making me home sick, however, I know I can never go
back, yet still, I wish I could," admitted his grandfather "..and what of
you
Tenchi, what has troubled you," asked Yosho. Tenchi quickly drew in a
breath.
"Well, I have been having these dreams, where I .. ,"Tenchi paused slowly,
"I
dream of the girls doing. things," said Tenchi, very embarrassed.
    "They say dreams are a gateway to what the spirit desires," said Yosho
with as much
wisdom as possible. His eyes open with both intrigue and wonder.
    "I wonder if any of the girls are experiencing this," said Yosho.

    Meanwhile, in another part of the Masaki household, Ryoko soundly slept,
however, her moans and groans explained what she was dreaming of. Ayeka
walked in and glanced over at Ryoko and saw the sweat drenching her face.
Normally, Ayeka would rudely awaken her and tell her to stop dreaming of the
true love they both shared. She knew it wouldn't be fair to interrupt her
dreams and she not break hers. Ayeka's dreams were very vivid indeed. She
would be on an
old and sacred temple platform under the endless sky of Jurai. She would
hold
Tenchi close and passionately kiss him on the lips, filled with love. They
would walk under the boundless sky; at dusk until they would sit beneath a
tree or on a knoll. Ayeka then would pull down Tenchi's  pants and underwear
and start sucking his cock. She would lick and suckle, hard as he messaged
her head. She would feel it getting hard in her mouth. Her pussy getting wet
from the feeling. She
would make him cum and start swallowing . She would keep sucking through it
all, and swallowing his cum as to keep him hard.
    Ayeka was getting warm just thinking about it, and, embarrassed. She
adored Tenchi's personality as well as his body. She sat down and starting
messaging her temples. She wondered if this is how Ryoko always felt.

    Mihoshi was out and about in the yard harmlessly picking flowers. She
loved the garden and the peace it brought. She knew this is what she wanted
to do with Tenchi. Sit and play. Do things that weren't hard or awkward. She
just enjoyed the carefree and innocent way of life that she lived, she
wondered however, why her dreams were all the same, her in a yard or on a
playground with the others simply having fun. She was purely oblivious to
what the others were going through. Mihoshi sat up and started to walk
toward
the house. She felt saddened and could
only wonder why it pained her to leave the garden.

    Kiyone silently wrote on her data-pad, writing notes in her status
report
to the galaxy police. She fell over on her side. She was on the couch in the
front room now. Her thoughts dwelled on her dreams as well. She would be
standing behind a podium looking out at a huge crowd. She would say how
honored she was to receive the bravery commendation of the Galaxy Police.
She
would leave to the applause of the thousands in the crowd. Tenchi would lead
her off the stage back to their room in a nearby luxury hotel on Jurai in
its
upscale section. Tenchi would
lead her in and start to kiss her neck and arms as well as message her
large,
supple breasts. She would turn around and take off her tiara and slip her
silky red dress off. She wasn't wearing a bra or panties. Her body was warm
with emotion. Tenchi went to his knees and began to lick her clit
in circular motions. Soft at first, but getting harder. He then would shove
in his tongue and begin to move it within her pussy. Not long after, Kiyone
would scream as loud as possible as cum poured from her sex. Tenchi would
swallow it all as Kiyone sat, barley able to keep conscious. Kiyone had
always liked Tenchi, but she only recently began to dream about him. She
closed her eyes and felt her tears well up. She now knew why Ryoko and Ayeka
fight so much. She, too, was falling in love with Tenchi. She felt a great
want grow within her. Her tears started flowing more rapidly.

    Washu sat at her desk, she hadn't slept in days, her dreams were too
horrible. She would always dream of operating on a living organism, and it
filled her both with intrigue, and absolute terror. She was already punished
for such horrific experiments. Washu looked up at the roof of her spacious
lab. She felt her breath coming out in shudders.
    "What's happening to me?" asked Washu to no one in particular.
    "Are you really prepared to know," said a voice from an indiscernible
location. "It has
been a long time Washu," said the horrible voice.
    "Kiyotaka!" screamed Washu. "It cannot be!"

End of Part 1
Preview of Part 2:
Who is this Kiyotaka character, well Washu seems to know. Hmm he wants to
give us everything we ever wanted, well all of us can ask for a few things.
Next on Spirits of Desire: No Need for Temptations. Its irresistibly fun