Joe "MajorSmall" Montalbo (eat2more@aol.com)
Lemon 
Tenchi Universe - Spirits of Desire part 3: No Need for Revenge 
Once more Ryoko and Ayeka clash 

	What up. MajorSmall Back for another chapter. I don't own any of these characters and, 
to be honest, I don't know who does. Here is part three. Enjoy. I offer some credit to my boyz 
Milon and Mattison, as they are the ones who proof-read these chapters before I set them on the 
chopping block.
MS

	Spirits of Desire Part 3: No Need for Revenge
	Ayeka opened another door in a frantic search for Ryoko. She knew exactly what Ryoko 
had wished for like a sixth sense. It was what she had wanted. She had no fear of Ryoko. Sasami 
looked upon Ayeka with interest as she tore the house apart. Kiyone had stepped out of the house 
as she to comprehend what Ryoko had just done. 

	Kiyone sat next to the front door and looked out upon the lake. It was a beautiful sight, 
but it was milky to her. Tears once again welled up. She wanted Tenchi to love her but didn't, and 
couldn't, know how. Mihoshi stopped at the front-yard and spied Kiyone crying. She looked like 
a baby that hadn't been kissed. Her head was buried in her arms. Tears dripped in waves over her 
perfect skin. Mihoshi walked over and sat in front of Kiyone cross-legged. She tapped Kiyone on 
the arm to look into her beautiful baby-blue eyes, now wet with tears.
	"What's wrong Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi
	"No..<sniff>.. nothing, Mihoshi," sniffled Kiyone.
	Without a word, Mihoshi outstretched her arms and looked into Kiyone's eyes with 
sympathy. Kiyone leapt forward and buried her head into Mihoshi's shoulder. Mihoshi wrapped 
her arms around Kiyone and started giving her reassuring words in quiet. 

	"RYOKO!!" screamed Ayeka as she tore through the Masaki household. Her eyes glinted 
with rage like never before. She ran about the house with purpose that couldn't be stopped. 
Sasami walked after her picking up things Ayeka dropped in her search. As long as Ryoko is 
missing, Tenchi was her target. Finally, the only room left not searched was Tenchi's. 
	"The only other room she could be in is Tenchi's," concluded Ayeka. Sasami was still 
trying to pick up the hallway when Ayeka ran to Tenchi's door and started pounding on it yelling 
loudly. Ryoko was too smart for that however. The pounding on the door was loud enough to 
awaken Ryoko, who awakened in time to teleport Tenchi to the temple. She knew that the 
princess wouldn't have anything to scream about if Ryoko was by herself. One swift kick and the 
door to Tenchi's room was broken into pieces. She had already put her clothes back on her body 
and sat on Tenchi's bed anticipating Ayeka's entry.
	"Well, Princess, how are you doing?" asked Ryoko in a cheerful tone.
	"Grr. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE RYOKO!?!?!" screamed Ayeka at the top of her 
lungs.
	"Nothing, Princess, I just wanted to see what Tenchi slept in, that's all," answered Ryoko 
with child-like innocence. 
	"LIES!" yelled the princess. 
	"Ayeka, please, Ryoko isn't lying," said Sasami with much wisdom for her young age.
	"No, I am not letting you pass. I am not letting this pass. Not this time," Screamed 
Ayeka.
	"Well, Ayeka, I don't know what to tell you. Bye," said Ryoko, with an enormous smile 
as she phased out of the room. Leaving so abruptly caused her to forget the most crucial thing of 
her whole endeavor. The tape she made was still on the bed, and it caught Ayeka's eye.  Ayeka 
picked up the tape and ran down stairs to the T.V.  Sasami ran right behind. Ayeka popped in the 
tape and pushed play. The first shot brought grim anger and emberasment to Ayeka's face. She 
quickly covered Sasami's eyes and ran out of the room with her. Finally, after their long rivalry, 
Ayeka now had reason and want to kill Ryoko. She sought Ryoko, who was out in the yard.
	"Ryoko, You will pay!" yelled Ayeka
	"Uh oh, I'm guessing you saw the tape," said Ryoko. Without warning Ayeka summoned 
her Juraian defenders from their rifts. They surrounded Ryoko and began to attack with un-
ceasing anger. Ryoko built up an energy field to counter the electric assault. Ryoko then fired a 
deadly blast of bright orange energy that could have killed Ayeka in one strike. Finally Kiyone 
and Mihoshi stood to block the fighting. 
	"Please, Ryoko, Ayeka, please stop," begged Kiyone.
	"Yeah, please, stop fighting," said Mihoshi, now on the verge of crying. Then, out of the 
house stepped Shuii.    
	"What are you two fighting about anyway?" asked Shuii. 
	"TENCHI!" screamed both Ryoko and Ayeka.
	"Well, then why don't you just wish for him, you still have one wish, you just have ask 
Kiyotaka, but you must find him, I think he ran up to the temple," said Shuii with perfect 
accuracy of real Washu. Both Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other, and both realized they had the same plan, 
they both ran as fast as they can up the stairs to the Shrine, however, Kiyotaka had a certain 
matter to attend to.

	"How can this be?" asked Yosho, as he stared at the coin floating a top the well water. 
All the time he didn't notice the shadowy figure looming in the background.
	"Well, I always said I had a presence," said Kiyotaka hauntingly.
	"You, your what's causing this aren't you. Interrupting the natural flow of time and 
space; making the universe bend around you!" screamed the Shinto priest.
	"He, he! Maybe. But if I am what will you do about it, old man!" scowled Kiyotaka
	"Die, demon!" screamed Yosho as he charged Kiyotaka with all the speed possible. 
Kiyotaka materialized an energy blade and smiled. The wooden Shinto blade clashed with the 
energy sword.
	"Grr.. How can your stick match this blade?" mumbled Kiyotaka.
	"He, he, he. This sword is enchanted. I filled it with my power," answered Yosho
	"Humans have no power, unless," said Kiyotaka. With that he leapt back near an archway 
in the temple.
	"I see, you are not a human, not at all. You must be Yosho," said Kiyotaka.
	"Yes, and now you will die," said Yosho confidently. He leapt forward once more and 
Kiyotaka reacted. He grabbed Yosho by the throat and held him tight.
	"Well, I won't clone you, it would be a waste of power, and your not worthy of the abyss. 
A freeze is in order," concluded Kiyotaka. With that, Kiyotaka cast a spell that encased Yosho in 
a block of ice.
	"Hmm. Too easy," smirked Kiyotaka. 

	Outside the temple Ayeka and Ryoko were still racing, using their powers to hold each 
other back. Ayeka stunned Ryoko with a powerful lightning strike, but Ryoko used her energy 
field to reflect the energy. They were now in the courtyard. Ryoko froze Ayeka with a strong 
energy field and stopped outside the Temple. 
	"Well, princess, Tenchi is about to be all mine," said Ryoko confidently. She looked into 
the living quarters of the temple and saw Tenchi, still asleep. Her mind remembering what they 
had just done. But in that time Ayeka was able to yell two simple words.
	"HAZAKA, KAMIDAKE!!" screamed Ayeka. And with that, the two guardians 
appeared and blasted Ryoko with energy. In that instant Ayeka ran as fast as she could up the 
steps of the temple and busted the door open. She ran up to Kiyotaka who stood in-front of a 
frozen Yosho.
	"Uhh, Princess, how may I help you?" said Kiyotaka wearily, knowing he was caught. 
Yet, Ayeka, in her rage, was too angry to care.
	"I want Tenchi to love and marry me," said Ayeka.
	"I get to ask for whatever I want in this wish," explained Kiyotaka, still a bit uneasy, "Do 
you accept this condition. Ayeka paused for but a moment, going over what may be the cost. She 
knew it would be great, but she did not care. She knew what she wanted. Her dreams confirmed 
and assured her. She wanted Tenchi to be her prince, and she would have it. After all the waiting, 
without even thinking  Ayeka looked deep into Kiyotaka's black eyes. 
   "Yes," said Ayeka.

End part Three
Preview part Four
Well Kiyotaka has taken another victim and granted another wish. Ayeka is to be wed 
and the plans are to come together soon. Too bad Tenchi has no say in this, but he won't mind. 
Next on Spirits of Desire: No Need for Decisions. Its unimaginably tough.

P+S
If anyone of you readers wants to give me any feedback or ideas or anything, email 
MajorSmall at eat2more@aol.com
