Something is wrong aboard the Achika
Part 1: The Poker Game.
Disclaimer: I did not created Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters 
(although I wish I did). Although thank the people at AIC & Pioneer

Warning this is a lemon fanfic, which means it, has sexual content if 
you
are offended by the idea of this you shouldn't have passed this mark
if you saw the word lemon if you are under 18.

This story takes place two years into the future.  Tenchi has his 
own ship named after his mother, Achika.  A short time ago, Washu met 
up with two people, John and Ryan, who wanted to be her apprentices.  
Tenchi let them come aboard and they have made fast friends with 
Nobuyuki.

"Ryan, Nobuyuki looks like you guys are out of money.  I have a 
Straight Flush 8 high."   "Damn it John how the fuck did you win ten 
hands in a row?"  "Easy but Nobuyuki you have to leave."
Just then Ayeka and Washu walk into the room.  "Hey, can we play John?"  
"Sure Ayeka, Nobuyuki was just leaving.  The game is 5-card draw, guys 
verses ladies."  John and Ryan quickly make Ayeka and Washu lose all of 
their money they had that night.  But John suggested playing strip 
poker with each piece of clothing being worth 50 Jurai.  In about 5 
minutes both the ladies where down to bra and panties.  "Washu look at 
this, let's bet it all how can we lose.  We bet 200 Jurai."  "We call, 
what do you have?"  "4 Queens, what about you?"  "Beat me, Ryan?"  
"Sorry ladies but 4 Kings."  "What?"  Washu quickly removed her 
clothes, but Ayeka was a little hesitant.  After a little coaxing Ayeka 
slowly removed her bra and panties.  John and Ryan where starting to 
get hard.  "Hey guys, how about one more hand for everything."  "Washu 
what do who to have to offer?"  "You will find out."  "Okay we're in."  
Ryan and Washu had shit for hands, while John was perky that he had a 
flush.  Ayeka had John show his hand.  "A flush, beat that."  "Sorry 
John but I did, 4 Aces.  You guys lost."
Ryan had his shirt off right when Ayeka plopped down the fourth ace.  
John removed his shirt a few seconds after that.  Both of them where 
right about to pull off their pants when Ayeka and Washu jumped over 
the poker table.  Ayeka landed on John, and Washu on Ryan.  While 
kissing the guys' chests they where removing the rest of the guys' 
clothing.  Ayeka moved slowly toward John's cock.  Ryan actually took 
control with Washu and began licking her erect right nipple.  She could 
feel the wetness of his tongue.  His hand made its way down to her 
cunt.  He jammed to fingers into it.  Washu cried out with pleasure.  
He started to pump his fingers in and out of Washu.  Then Ryan stopped; 
he started to move his cock toward her.  In a few seconds Ryan started 
ramming himself into her.  Washu climaxed in a little while.  Ryan also 
climaxed a short time later.  Meanwhile, Ayeka had been licking John's 
cock sending waves on pleasure throughout him.  John wanted her to move 
to his balls but she mounted herself onto him.  She began to force 
herself up and down.  John was starting to sweat as he was about to 
climax.  But Ayeka hit it first.  Screaming out his name, she saw that 
hadn't reached his breaking point yet.  So she started sucking his 
cock.  John could feel it coming.  In a few short minutes, he launched 
his warm cum into her mouth.  All four of them lay there resting.  All 
of a sudden Washu jumped on John.  Ayeka did the same to Ryan.  They 
both started sucking the guys' cocks.  They both where getting wave 
after wave of pleasure.  Both of them climaxed at the same time 
shooting their cum on Washu and Ayeka, who had stopped momentarily for 
some air.  John and Ryan where worn out but they wanted more.  They 
grabbed the girls and started playing with their breasts.
All of a sudden the door opens and Nobuyuki walks in.  "Hey guys 
have you seen my gla..."  Ryan stop playing with Ayeka long enough to 
say, "Nobuyuki, you missed one hell of a poker game."  "Ahh 
SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
End of Part 1
This was my first lemon.  Don't flame me to bad.  Also I put 
myself and a friend in the story.  I would like to thank my friend for 
introducing me to Tenchi Muyo.  I am hoping that this will be at least 
6 parts.  Next part: We like Carrots.

