Disclaimer: I do not own the characters on the Tenchi Muyo show.  I simply
use them as thread in the golden fleece of my imagination.  Pioneer and AIC
have created the characters of my favorite TV show.  So instead of suing me,
look at this fic as a contribution rather then a scandal.  Look at this fic
as an offering to Pioneer and AIC for creating a show that has brought
quality entertainment to the hearts of not just me, but all others who are
reading this fic.  Bless you all.

Sweet Dreams

By: James Padilla (author of THE EROTIC TORTURE CHAMBER and SNOW)

Edited by: Quinten Tarentino (Pulp fiction, True Romance, Jackie Brown)

You beef with me I'm gonna even the score equally,
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally,
I get supported off of funny home groans,
So when I smoke out , I hit the trees harder then Sunny Bono,

And if I told you that I didn't do drugs,
That would mean that I lie and get fucked more then Bill Clinton does,
Hilary Clinton wanted to slap me for that and call me a pervert,
I ripped her FUCKIN tonsils out and fed her sherbert,
Some people only see that I'm white ignoring skills,
Cause I stand out with a green hat and and an orange bill,
But I don't get pissed,
you all don't even see through the mist,
How the fuck can I be white,
I don't even exist,
I get a clean shave, bath , go to a rave,
Die from an overdose,
and dig myself out of my grave,
My middle finger wont go down,
how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

So follow me and do exactly as you see,
Don't you wanna grow up to BE JUST LIKE ME!!!?
I've been with ten women who had HIV,
Don't you wanna grow up to BE JUST LIKE ME!!!?
I showed up to a bar drunk with a fake ID,
Don't you wanna grow up to BE JUST LIKE ME!!!?
I beat women and eat shrooms, and OD,
Don't you wanna grow up to BE JUST LIKE ME!!!?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree,
Don't you wanna grow up to BE JUST LIKE ME!!!?

My mind wont work if my spine wont jerk,
I knocked Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt!

My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge,
I grabbed vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads,
Every single girl I've ever been out with has gone lez,
So follow me and do exactly what James says,
Smoke weed,
Do drugs,
Drop out of school,
kill people,
Drink,
And jump behind the wheel like it was still legal,

This is my life people.....

                     10:34 PM.  Tenchi nervously watched the time fly by.
Why must humans be plagued with the disability of sleep?  The moon shined  a
gentle light across Tenchi's face.  He would give his most valuable asset
to
be able to stay awake.  He would give anything if it meant he didn't have
to
face what was ahead of him.  He pulled the blankets over his chest , leaving
his arms and head uncovered.  10:35.  Oh, why must time move so slow?  Why
can't we just stay awake until sunrise and get on with our day?  Tenchi
was
drifting off.  There was no fighting it.  He was much too tired to put up a
fight.  Maybe his dreams will be different tonight.  Maybe he'd dream
about
getting an A on the objective test that is coming up in his History class.

* All I have to do is think about other things.  Happy things.  Lets see,
what can I think of............. *

Tenchi imagined receiving a paper from his teacher Mr. Sunada which read the
letter A on it.  He smiled to himself.  Thinking of how that A would affect
his grade so nicely; after all, it was worth 50%.

* What else is happy...... Bunnies, yeah bunnies... those are happy......*

Tenchi was drifting out.  His body taking over his mind.  The fatigue of the
day setting in and creating drowsiness.  10:38.  Tenchi was finally asleep.

Images of events and occurrences which happened throughout the day mentally,
and physically flashed before him in his head.  There was Ayeka, fighting
with Ryouko.  It didn't matter what they were fighting about.  Tenchi
glanced
at Ayeka.  Looking at the delicate curves and structure of her body.  The
way
she moved, so gracefully, so peacefully.  It was enough to put a man at
ease.


Tenchi was now sitting in his fifth period History class.  The sun was
shining and the birds chirped outside.  It was the same at ease feeling
Tenchi felt while staring at Ayeka.  In fact, there she was... That
beautiful
and sexy princess dressed in a teachers uniform.

* Ayeka's my teacher now I guess... *

Ayeka sat at her desk stroking a white bunny.  She would smile and nuzzle it
up close to her face, feeling it's soft and fuzzy body.  Tenchi stared at
her
in awe.

* She's so......... She's so.......... She's so relaxing and delicate.
Peaceful.  I could stare at her all day. *

Tenchi stared at her some more, smiling at the joy she was getting from that
cuddled bunny.  He looked down at his desk and found his objective test
paper, smiling as he did so.... His smile faded.

* An F!!!???*

Tenchi picked the test up and began looking through it.  Every answer was
marked in blood red ink with a check.

* How could this be !!?? I studied for this test! *

He looked at Ayeka.

* What is she doing? *

Ayekas smile and happiness turned into a terribly angry and evil frown.  The
at ease feeling was dropping.  Tenchi began to feel worried.

The sun outside was beginning to fade into darkness.  The birds had stopped
chirping.  Everyone else in the classroom had left, leaving Tenchi all alone
with Ayeka and the bunny.  Tenchi made an attempt to leave as well, but
something was holding him back.  That feeling when your running away from
some kind of monster in your dreams and you just can't seem to pick up
enough
speed to get away from it.  As if you were running away but a strong and
thick rubber band was pulling you back away from your destination.  Away
from
your freedom.

Tenchi gave up struggling.   He sat in his chair and watched Ayeka.

Ayeka was yelling at the bunny at the top of her voice.  As if it were some
kind of demon.  She screamed and yelled at it with all her might, strangling
and gripping it by its neck.  She threw it against the wall.  The bunny
swiftly got up and ran out the door.

Tenchi began shivering.  That warm fuzzy feeling he had towards Ayeka began
to feel like a cold and prickly feeling.  He knew he had to get as far away
from Ayeka as possible.

* But how? *

Ayeka looked at him with a devil like smile on her face.  The room around
Tenchi began drooping down as if it were melting.  The scenery around them
was complete darkness,  yet a constant light shined on the two of them.
Ayeka began to strip her clothes...

"Your mine Tenchi......." She said.

Ayekas laugh could be heard in the distance.

Ayeka unbuttoned the white blouse she wore as a teacher.  Her loud and
devilish laugh could be heard some more in the distance.

Tenchi felt his body being twisted and curled up by ropes which shot out
from
the darkness.  Four ropes shot out; two at a time.  The first two shot out
and wrapped around his wrists.  The second set of ropes darted out and bound
his feet down.  Tenchi was now strapped to the cold black ground in the
shape
of a T.

Ayekas laugh was beginning to echo in the background. Tenchi glanced at
Ayeka
who was now covered in black leather.  Well, not really covered.  She wore a
black skirt which barely covered her ass.  Underneath that was a black
leather thong.  Her skirt suffocated her smooth and irresistible buttocks.
She wore a tight and skimpy leather top which revealed more then enough
cleavage.  She began to slide on her leather boots which came up about two
inches above her knees.

Tenchi was frightened.  He knew there was no avoiding it.  The dream at
which
he had worked so hard at preventing, had occurred faster then he could count
sheep.  And now, he would have to obey some sex mistress who without
Ayeka's
approval, has taken her appearance.  Not her personality.  But her
appearance.

"Quit crying you worthless rat!" Ayeka demanded.

She pulled out a long leather whip with a red tip from behind her back.

* Noooo.  Just when I think the dream couldn't get any worse! *

Ayekas laugh became louder and louder in the distance.  Tenchi was now
completely naked.

* Why? Why must I suffer these dreams night after night!? *

Ayeka cracked the whip in the air.

" Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! Your mine Tenchi.  I am gonna make you squeal
like a
pig, Hahahahahaha!"

* Now this is truly unlike Ayeka.  This has to be a dream.  But it feels so
real. *

Tenchi was unable to leave his dream.  He never was able... Whenever a
nightmare like this occurs especially.

Ayeka kneeled down to Tenchis crouch, licking her red lips with
anticipation.
 Tenchi couldn't  talk.  No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't bring
himself to say a word.  This was another limitation in Tenchis dreams.  Her
laugh was louder then ever now.

Ayeka pulled off her leather top, revealing her perfect and round breasts.
She twisted her nipples, moaning and smiling.  She lowered herself further
towards Tenchis crouch and grabbed his dick with both hands, pushing it
between her breasts.

"Oooooohhhh Tenncchiiii..."

The princess slid her breasts up and down Tenchis length.  She continued
this
process over and over again.  Up and down, up and down.

"Ooooohhhh Tenchi, I love the way you dick feels between my tits!"

Ayeka smiled at Tenchi.  She could feel his penis hardening very quickly.
She slid her breasts up and down slowly but with more force, licking the tip
as it poked threw the top of her cleavage.

She grabbed Tenchis balls.

* Oh god I can't fight it! *

"Ooohhh Tenchi, your balls are so sexy, I just want to squeeze them."

Tenchis dick was very hard now.  Veins bulged from the sides.

Ayekas evil laugh grew louder and louder.  She grabbed his balls and
squeezed
them.

* Arrrgghhh! *

Tenchis eyes shot wide open.

* That was painful.....*

Tenchi's thinking capacity faded away with his voice, and he was no longer
able to think of how terrible this was.  He was only able to feel the pain
and endure it. It is astonishing, the way the body's brain functions while
under certain circumstances.  To be able to feel the pain without the
ability
to express it and let it out by voice was hard enough.  But now he
couldn't
even let it out in his mind? What kind of a sick dream was this? It's
uncanny!

"You know what I'm gonna do to you? Ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

Tenchi remained silent as he was unable to speak or communicate in any way.

Ayeka stood up and looked down at Tenchi.  Tenchi could not control his
erection any longer.  It was stiffer then its ever been, and in no way was
it
going to fade out in any way.

Ayekas laugh was more annoying then ever.  She spread her legs open and
hovered over Tenchis stiff dick, lowering herself slowly down to the tip.

" Ohhhhhhhh..." Ayeka moaned softly.

She slid herself down on top of Tenchis length.

"Ahhhhhhh........" Ayeka moaned a sound of relief and tension.

"I love to feel your hard dick inside my pussy.....  oh yea....OH!"
Ayeka
continued, her laugh also continuing in the distance.

She began bouncing on His lap.  Up and down at a steady pace.

"Uh........
Uh...........Uh...........Uh........Uh........Uh.........Uh.......!!!!"
Ayeka
yelled as she continued bouncing on Tenchi.

Tenchi was overwhelmed with pleasure.  It was also torture not carrying the
ability to express the pleasure he was feeling.  He was extremely turned on
and horney by Ayekas gestures.

"Ohhh Tenchi, your penis feels soooo good!"

She began bouncing faster, and faster, harder.... Passionately.

"Oh....Oh...Oh yeah!, Oh...Oh....Oh yeah!!! Oh Tenchi!!!!"

Tenchi couldn't take it.  He was enjoying this so much and in the same
sense
hating it all at once.  He closed his eyes, the pleasure was unbearable: The
soft and tight feeling of Ayekas love tunnel sliding up and down his stiff
and bulging penis.  The feeling of flesh on flesh, rubbing, sliding,
bouncing.  The feeling of Ayekas wetness, lubricating his dick.  It was too
much.

Ayeka jammed her self against Tenchi's lap with full force.  She sat
there,
on top of him.  Her cunt against his hard penis.  Tenchi looked at Ayeka;
that was about all he could do.

Ayeka slapped him.

"And now Tenchi" Ayeka said smiling, "I'm gonna grind you."

She slapped him once more.

"Hahahahaha!!! Fuck me Tenchi Fuck me! Hahahahaha!!!"

Ayeka started grinding herself against him.  She made circular motions with
her hips, humping his lap at a fast pace.

>SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK<  Went the sound of Ayekas lap colliding with
Tenchi's.

She looked at him again while grinding.

"Does that feel good Tenchi? Hahahahahahahahahaha!!!"

>SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK<

Tenchi's dick was now throbbing with pleasure.

How could this be? This wasn't Ayeka.  This wasn't the prude and
pleasant
woman, at one with the world.  This was some sadistic sex soldier.  What was
she doing? Why was she doing this?

Ayeka humped some more at Tenchis dick, bending it back and forth and side
to
side in every direction.

"Tenchi, you do know why I'm doing this right?" Ayeka asked him.

"I'm doing this because of the delicious American style pancakes that
Sasami
is making in the kitchen..."

What in the world was this thing talking about?  She's talking about
pancakes? There's no pancakes.... There's no Sasami.... and there is
definitely no kitchen.

* This is too weird * Tenchi thought.

Thought? Hurray! He's gotten his thought back....

* Oh God, Ayeka is so disgusting.... Why is she doing this to me?*

"Ayeka, please stop it!!!!!" Tenchi screamed.

Screamed?

* Great my voice has come back as well. *

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

The same flashes of Tenchis day flashed before him once more.  Bunnies,
Ayekas wet cunt.  That damnable whip.....

Tenchi sprung out of bed.  Ayeka was pounding on the door.

"Tenchi!!!!  Please come down!!! Sasami made the most delicious American
pancakes!!"

Tenchi sighed with relief.

"Oh, thank god I'm safe in my bed......" He said aloud.

"What was that Lord Tenchi?!!!  I can't here you, your gonna have to
unlock
your door."

Fear began to overwhelm Tenchi's body.... Flashes of Ayeka on top of
him....
Bouncing on his dick, slapping him, calling him a rat.

"Dammit!" Tenchi yelled.

* How could I think of Ayeka that way!!!?  I am truly disgusting. *

Tenchi pulled the covers off him and stretched a well earned stretch.

* Well, at least its over. * he thought.

He opened the door to find Ayeka smiling at him.

"Good morning Tenchi," She said.

Tenchi began to get nervous.

* Don't be such a wuss, you can't blame Ayeka for what YOU dreamed of her.
*

"Good morning Ayeka," He replied.

"Sasami made the most delicious American style pancakes," she said.

* This was unbelievable, the way that one minute Ayekas bouncing on my lap
and screaming at an innocent little bunny.  The next minute she's smiling
and
telling me how great these pancakes are. *

All of the sudden, Ayeka was swiftly pulled back and thrown to the ground.
Tenchi sighed...

"Ryouko!!" Ayeka yelled.

Ryouko ignored Ayeka.

"Gooooooooooooooooood Morning Tenchi!!!!!!!" said Ryouko.

She gave him a big hug and a smooch on the lips.  Tenchi could feel her big,
firm breasts pressing against him.

"Uhhh, heh heh heh, uh, good morning Ryouko," He replied nervously.

* I know she does that to me on purpose *

"Ryouko!!! Get your grubby little hands off MY Tenchi!!!"

"YOUR TENCHI???!"

* Oh boy, not this again... *

Tenchi walked away.  He was pretty hungry and whatever these 'pan pies'
or,
whatever they were called, they sounded good.

Tenchi walked down the hallway, following his nose to the destination.

* I wonder who's gonna be in my nightmare tomorrow * He thought.

Tenchi shrugged, and proceeded down the hall way when something caught his
attention in Ayekas room.  He glanced into her room and found a black
leather
whip with a red tip hanging out of her dresser drawer.

__________________________________________________________________
Well that is Sweet Dreams part 1.  Tell me what you think of it..... Really,
I want feedback.  I received over 2,000 fan mails for The Erotic Torture
Chamber... Oh yeah, I am the head of the James Padilla Lemon Writers
Association. (JPLWA).
