 It was a late Saturday afternoon in mid-March. Tenchi had come home from
his swordsmanship training with his grandfather.
Grandfather: Tenchi, after you change your clothes do us a favor and buy
some groceries.
Tenchi: Sure, Grandpa.
Tenchi went into his room and began to change out of his sweaty clothes.
When he was just about done he saw Ryoko flying toward him and giving him
one of those usual embraces strong enough to strangle a bull.
Ryoko: My, my you've buffed up since I last gave you one of these haven't
you Tenchi?
Tenchi: Ryoko, how many times must I tell you not to surprise and choke me
like that?
Ryoko only pulled poor, helpless, oxygen deficient, Tenchi closer to her.
Tenchi eventually wriggled free and scampered away and out the front door.
Ryoko: Hmm. Hey! Why the heck didn't I think of this before? Stu-pid!
Stu-pid! Stu-pid! Stu-pid!
Tenchi hadn't gotten very far by then. He forgot the grocery list. He had
only walked about 25 yards away from the house when Ryoko approached him
from behind. Tenchi of course didn't notice until she (brace yourself)
gently put her hand on his shoulder.
Tenchi: YIPES! Ryoko!? Didn't I tell you not to surprise me like that?
Ryoko: Correction. You said surprise and choke, but I'm sorry I startled
you.
Tenchi: What's the big idea? Why'd you follow me?
There was a short period of silence.
Ryoko: Tenchi, I know I've been maybe just a tad too agressive but it's
because I...well...I love you Tenchi, with all my heart. And I'm really
sorry I...I...I...Dammit Tenchi, I need you to kiss me now!!! Now Tenchi!!!
(light sob)
This was rather odd to Tenchi. He had never seen a demure Ryoko mixed with
an agressive Ryoko with no provocation. Ryoko fell to her knees and begged
Tenchi.
Ryoko: Please Tenchi. Just this once, I beg of you.
 Then Tenchi pulled her back up,and toward his body forcefully and adjusted
her head to an angle. He then began to kiss her passionately. Tenchi thought
to himself " This? This is what I've been avoiding for these past years?
I've been holding back my attraction, my love for Ryoko to avoid such an
extremely pleasureable event such as this? Stu-pid! Stu-pid! Stu-pid!
Stu-pid!"
Tenchi then moved his lips from hers to her neck where he planted soft
delicate kisses. Ryoko moaned as Tenchi pulled her even closer to him and
friskily bit her earlobe. Tenchi could feel her nipples becoming hard and
erect and slid his hand into her kimono to caress her round firm bosoms.
Tenchi: We can finish this in your room. But it definately will not be just
this once.
They snuck past everyone in the house and went to Ryoko's room. There, they
continued what they were doing. Tenchi continued to kiss Ryoko on the lips
and run his fingers through her light blue hair until his hand travelled
downward and slowly undid her kimono. Ryoko unbuttoned Tenchi's shirt
slowly, caressing his hard, smooth chest with her fingertips. Then she
unzipped his trousers and removed his boxers exposing his hard, swollen,
appendage. Tenchi then slowly removed Ryoko's drenched, soaking panties.
Tenchi laid her on the bed and began to gently massage her breasts with one
hand and stroke her inner thighs with the other. Ryoko moaned with pleasure
but her urges were becoming unbearable.
Ryoko: Oh!! Tenchi, I want you inside of me Now Tenchi!!!
Ryoko began to stammer with desire. Tenchi laid Ryoko's head back onto the
bed and entered her. Ryoko let out a loud moan because of how wonderful this
felt. Tenchi gently rocked and then started thrusting himself deeply into
her, stroking her flushed chest and face. Ryoko's spine arched. This
thrusting caused waves of orgasm to pass troughout her body over and over
again.
Tenchi: Your'e so wet. Are you sure I'm the one who got you this hot?
Ryoko pinned Tenchi onto his back fiercely.
Ryoko: You're concentating too hard on pleasing me, Tenchi. Relax. Let me
please you.
Tenchi: But, Ryoko. I like to see you enjoying this.
Ryoko: I do enjoy pleasing you. Just trust me.
Ryoko straddled him and began to slide slowly up and down on his member.
As you know Ryoko is extremely strong. It turns out her not so visible
was'nt any different. She tightened her vagina around him, still sliding.
She leaned over and began panting in Tenchi's ear. Tenchi moaned with
delight and sqeezed Ryoko's firm yet just soft enough to grab, buttocks.
They both came at about the same moment. They then laid in each others arms
with legs intertwined.
Ryoko: Thank you Tenchi. That was spectacular.
Tenchi: Thanks for the compliment but I'm not done yet.
Ryoko: What!?
Tenchi pulled Ryoko to the foot of the bed so Ryoko's legs hung off the
edge. He lightly kissed her on the forehead. He lifted her long slender legs
over his shoulders and spread them a bit. He then ran his tounge around her
warm, wet vulva and slowly slipped it inside of her. Ryoko gasped. She
definately did not expect this. Then Tenchi becan to lick his lover's
throbbing, swollen clit while Ryoko moaned loudly until she came.
The lovers lie in each other's arms again with Ryoko's head rested on
Tenchi's chest. They stayed that way for a while. And just when they were
getting cozy...
Tenchi: OH MY GOD THE GROCERIES!!!!!
Ryoko: What?
Tenchi: The groceries! I completely forgot!! I was supposed to buy groceries
hours ago.

Meanwhile in the Masaki's kitchen...

Sasami: Where the heck is Tenchi with those groceries!? How am I supposed to
cook dinner without any freaking ingredients!!!????
Ayeka: Watch your language Sasami. I'm sure Tenchi will be back any minute
now.
Kiyone: Well she does have a point. Tenchi should have been back hours ago.
Mihoshi: I'll bet that Space Poilice Policeman would find him in a jiffy!
Kiyone: Not now Mihoshi were annoyed enough as is.
Mihoshi: WAAAAAAAAH!!!
Washu: Nice move Kiyone. Now we have to endure hunger and a wailing idiot.
Tenchi tried to sneak through the living room to the front door.
Kiyone: TENCHI!!!!!!! WHERE ON EARTH HAVE YOU BEEN ALL THIS TIME AND WHERE
ARE THE GROCERIEEEEES!!!!
Tenchi(faking a grin): Groceries? Heh-heh. What Groceries?
Grandfather: The ones I told you to get this afternoon.
Mihoshi: What's that in your teeth, Tenchi?
Kiyone: Yeah, What is that? Do you know,Washu?
Washu: I'll find out. Give it here.
Ayeka: I've got it. Here you go Washu.
Washu took a quick look at the object.
Washu: GAAAAAAAAAK!!!
All together: What is it Washu?
Washu: EEEK! IT'S A FRIGGIN PUBIC HAIR!!!!
Sasami: What's a pubic hair?
Ayeka(covering Sasami's ears): Don't worry Sasami, you don't have any yet.
Washu: And exactly how would you know that?
Ayeka: I...um...uh...
Washu: But that's not the point. What we want to know is where it came from.
Mihoshi: Space Police Policeman would know.
Kiyone: I don't think Space Police Policeman handles cases like that!!
Washu: Well that hair is blue and the only people hee with blue hair are
Sasami which Ayeka claims doesn't have any and Ry...Where is Ryoko anyway?
Kiyone: Yeah.
Washu: So that's where you've been. Upstairs, eating off Ryoko and judging
by the state of your hair and clothes that's not all you were doin' up
there.
Ayeka: You...you mean?
Washu: Yes I mean.
Ayeka: This can't be!! I can't believe it!! Tenchi and and and that beast
sleeping together!! It's an outrage!! WOLEY CARAPUS BENDER AND KITE!!! Oh
crap, I'm starting to sound like the writer of this Fanfic to which none of
us characters belong by the way. Don't sue her. I refuse to believe that you
and that heathen have been copulating upstairs!! I refuse!!!
Washu: Go see for yourself she's probably still up there.
Ayeka storms up the stairs and checks Ryoko's room where she finds Ryoko
sprawled on the bed nude.
Ayeka: GASP!
Ryoko: Hi! Did ya miss me?

                                                END