Tenchi Go Boom Part 2: Ayeka Go Boom

This continues from when Ayeka found out that Tenchi and Ryoko were doing
something upstairs and went to see it for herself. Ryoko is lying in her bed
still nude and a bit mussed up.
Ayeka: You. You tramp. You harlot. You...you...you...you...(looking out the
door to make sure Sasami is out of earshot) BITCH!!!
Ryoko: hmm...huh? Oh, what were you saying? I was busy lying on these
cumstained sheets thinking about riding Tenchi's big hard cock, but anyway
continue.
Ayeka: I know what's been going on up here. Washu found a pubic hair in
Tenchi's teeth. We all know everything. How could you do such a thing
without thinking about how I would feel.
Ryoko: Jealous are we? (plucking out a pubic hair) Here, you can have one
too.
Ayeka: Waaah! I can't take it anymore!! I never thought I'd have to take it
this far but it seems I must
Ayeka and Ryoko continue fighting. Meanwhile downstairs.
 Kiyone: Geez, I wonder what's going on up there.
Washu: You know very well what's goin on up there.
Kiyone: I hope it's nothing like what was going on a few minutes ago.
Washu: Trust me on this Kiyone. With those two it can be one of three
things,an argument a fight or a war.
Everyone: A war.
Tenchi: I'd better go see what's going on up there.
Washu: I don't think you should.
Tenchi: Come on, Washu. What's the worst that could happen?
Washu: Suit yourself but don't come back to haunt me when you're killed by
flying debris.
Tenchi: (muttering) If they are fighting up there, I hope Ryoko isn't
clothed yet.
Washu: Whatd'ya say?
Tenchi: Um, I said uh Yep it's an all out war I'll bet.
Mihoshi: Oh really? I thought you said you hoped Ryoko wasn't clothed
ye....Hey....hrmph..mmph..mmnnph.
Noboyuki: My son. My son has finally become a man. And I was right there to
see it sort of. I just hope he doesn't become a maniacal pervert like...
Washu: Like you?
Noboyuki: Not me. I meant um, uh...Mihoshi! Yeah Mihoshi!
Washu: MI-WHO-SHI?!
Mihoshi: Don't try that with me. I found your porn collection. Interesting
stuff really. But what's a maniacal?
Noboyuki: You guys didn't believe me for a second did you?
Tenchi walked in to the room to find Ayeka and Ryoko still at each other's
throats. As he had hoped,Ryoko hadn't put her clothes back on yet.
Ayeka: TEN-chiiiII?
Tenchi: What? What are you staring at?
Ryoko:(giggling)  Well if you look down you will see that a
rather...large...tent has formed in your pants.
Ayeka: My, that is a big one. But as I was saying, TENCHI I HAVE HAD IT NOW
I AM GONNA FUCK YOU IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO! NOW YO HAVE TWO CHOICES.
EITHER I HIT YOU IN THE HEAD WITH A BLUNT OBJECT AND RAPE YOU OR I HAVE A
THREESOME WITH YOU AND RY..o..ko. me and my big mouth.
Ryoko: Well between a potentially fatal blow to the head and a threesome I
guess you have no choice.
Tenchi: Threesome's fine.
Ryoko: Well it's better than being bludgeoned to death, I suppose.
After the undressing or in some cases reundressing and about an hour of
steamy foreplay....
Tenchi: Well, is now alright?
Ayeka: No, I'm not ready yet.
Tenchi: OK A little extra foreplay never hurt anybody.
An hour later...
Tenchi: What about now?
Ayeka: Not yet!
Tenchi: We either start now or I'll use blue dental floss in front of you
for the rest of my life!!
Ayeka: You wouldn't!
Ryoko: Oh, he would. That's how this whole thing got started. Only it was
..."natural floss".
Ayeka: Just a little more time.
Ryoko: What are your legs closed for the night?
Ayeka: No, I want to savor my moment with Tenchi without being penetrated by
a large thrusting cock!!
Ryoko:Open sesame! (pinching Ayeka on the ass)
Ayeka:Giggle!
Ryoko: Stick your fork in her, she's done.
Ayeka: I am not! And you're beginning to sound like the writer of this
fanfic to which none of us charachters belong! Please Don't sue her.
Tenchi: Floss.
Ayeka: OK but start already! I don't have all night!
Ryoko: She wastes two hours saying she isn't ready yet and now she doesn't
have all night?
Ayeka: Hey! That wasn't..WHOOAA, that IS a big one!
So Tenchi started fucking her from behind when...
Tenchi: Ayeka, this is a threesome, remember eat or I stop.
Ayeka: But...
Tenchi: Floss! (thinking) I should have taken the blow to the head. At least
I'd be unconsious. And if I did die, who wants to screw a corpse? Oops.
Forgot Ayeka wants to screw me dead OR alive.
Ayeka: Oh, Alright. Bon apetit.
Ayeka surprisingly put her tounge exactly where she was supposed to put it.
At the same time, her fuses were about to blow.
Ryoko: You know, you're good. Have you been practicing on Sasami?
Ayeka: OH YES!
Ryoko: Huh?
Ayeka: I'm gonna cum you idiot!!
As she came however something strange happened. She started singing on time
with Tenchi's thrusts.
Ayeka: I've got a wobbly bunch of crocus butts and there they are a stamping
in the crow!
Tenchi came to a sudden stop.
Tenchi: I can't do you,Ayeka.
Ayeka: And why the hell not?
Tenchi: You're weird.
She suddenly got up and skipped toward the door still spurting cum all over
the place.
Coincidently Washu came up to see what was going on.
Washu: Oh Geez, not again! What's that in your teeth, Ayeka? (plucking it
out) GAAAAAK!!!! ANOTHER FRIGGIN PUBIC HAIR? DON'T YOU PEOPLE EVER STOP TO
REST?
Ayeka: Well if you put it that way Tenchi, I hope you hear this well. I
CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!! I'M GAY! I'M GAY! I'M GAY!!! And Miss Washu is my
new lover!
Washu: Hey, I've been known to light a candle at both ends but I'm afraid
you're too weird for me.
Ayeka: Huh?
Washu: I heard you from downstairs. By the way nice hooters, Ryoko.
Ayeka: Here, I believe this pubic hair belongs to you. (running down the
stairs still naked) MIHOSHI! Hows about me and you take a walk say... to
that abandoned cave?
Ryoko: You know, Tenchi. You've got guts. If Ayeka tried to do that to me
willingly I'd be completely grossed out.
Tenchi: gros...gross...OH CRAP! THE GROCERIES!!! I forgot again. Blast my
erections!
Washu: At this rate, by the time the groceries get here we'll be so starved
we'll all have your pubic hair in our teeth.

                                                    END
Stay tuned for Tenchi Go Boom Part 3 : Ayeka Interrupted