Legal shit: blah blah blah Pioneer owns these characters blah blah
blah....on with the show!!!
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi Muyo:  Telling the difference- part 1

By Joseph Leonard

E-mail address: leoshark@swbell.net 

---------------------------------------------------------------------

"Oww" that's all I could think when I woke up. Pain was the only thing I
felt other then what could've been a really bad hang-over. My eyes started
to clear and all I could see was this large group of people that looked very
familiar staring at me as if I was some side show freak and this little girl
with long, red hair typing away on a keyboard and mumbling something
about system compensating and emergency countermeasures. Huge
shackles appeared from out of nowhere and grabbed me up....this made
me angry and I began to ask the usual questions one asks when you wake
up in a situation like this.

"Who are you people?" They all seemed to stare at me with open jaws and
bewildered eyes. I knew this look from somewhere but I could'nt place it.
One beautiful girl with long Cyan hair and a slender figure walked over to
me and grabbed my pants and gazed in. She stared in my pants for a
moment than stepped back and started to talk to the little girl with red
hair.

"He's tenchi alright" Ryoko said with a mysterious giggle.

"I wonder what happened" said Washuu "It was going alright until the age
enhancer got around 16 and then everything went hay-wire....I think he's
around 17 but i can't be sure"

Another cyan-haired girl walked up from out of nowhere and started to
talk as well while giving me a weird look.

"Is Tenchi alright" asked Sasami with a bewildered look "He looks kind of
strange"

"That's not Tenchi, Sasami" said Washuu "It's my new project...i'm not
sure yet but I think he has the Jurai power inside him as well"

"Inside me...what's inside me?" I asked

"Well a least he can talk but we can't tell since we mixed Yosho's,
Tenchi's, and Nobuyuki's blood to get a full chain how he's gonna react"
said Washuu "We'll have to destroy him...he could be dangerous"

"WHAT?" I said

They all looked at my hands as something weird started to happen...my
hands started glowing and a mysterious light popped out of them...I
noticed that the angrier I got, the larger the light got and the next thing I
knew I cut the shackles and I was on the ground again...I could barely
walk but I had enough strength to grab the little girl and put my the light
next to her throat. Her cyan hair brushed against my cheek as I started to
back up.

" GET BACK " I said as I started backing up the stairs and toward the door
at the top."Anymore shackles come down and I make this little chippie the
first on my score"


I couldn't beleive what I was saying but it felt good....I felt like a bad ass
like something out of "The Maltese Falcon".What was I talking about I've
never seen that movie before. But how did I know it was a movie? I
snapped out of my temporary trance and put the sword back to the little
girl's throat as I saw the 2 other girls getting closer. I pulled the girl
through the door and found what shouldn't be behind the door of a huge
laboratory....a house? I saw a door on the far wall and started heading
towards it...the 2 girls kept getting closer. I opened the door to find a large
bath....a bath this size in a house this small? Just as I got through the door
I felt something hit me in the back of the head...It was a log, I think...the
shock of the blow sent me to the floor and the little girl went scurrying
behind me I pivoted around to see a girl with longer hair and many
logs....floating around her?
How is she doing that....I didn't bother to find out the two ran out of the
bath leaving me on the floor and the other girl with the Cyan hair and
seemingly long sword coming out of her hands as well except hers was
reddish.


"Now your mine" said Ryoko as she got closer an raised her sword
"prepare for Ryoko"

I spread my arms and started laughing "Well, Ryoko, i'm all yours babe" I
drew my sword again and readied for battle.

Ryoko came closer and her sword seemed to glow right along with her
anger. She lept forward and screamed as she lunged at me with her sword.
I easily blocked her hit and laughed at her pathetic strike.


"Too slow,Ryoko" I said as I striked at her and caught her in the shoulder

"AAAAUUUUUGGGGHHHH" Ryoko screamed as she grabbed her
shoulder in bloody pain.

I thrust at her again and she disappeared in thin air...I stood kind of
wondered as I felt a weird feeling and threw my sword behind me in time
to catch her sword before it would have sliced through my head like a
grapefruit.


"You must be from Yosho" said Ryoko "Your pretty damned good"

"Thank you" I said cockily as I lunged at her, throwing her back about 30
feet.

We both stood back 30 feet away from each other, our swords pulsating
with anger, anger and something else...fear....she felt fear. She seemed so
strong even though her shoulder was pouring blood all over the place. I
decided to use her fear for my advantage.

"Your going to die, you know" I  said as I readied my sword for another
attack

"I don't care...Techi's the only thing that matters to me, i'll die to protect
him from you" Ryoko said her sword getting even bigger with fear and
rage.

"After I kill you...i'll kill you lover boy, Tenchi" I said and began to laugh
again.

She started to shake violently after I said that...humph must have touched
a nerve. She started to lunge toward each other for the last time, our
swords at their longest and most ready.

"LET THIS BE OUR FINAL STRIKE" I screamed as we both lunged at
each other.

As we collided my body started to emit another strange light that flowed
out into nowhere...we both screamed and shook as our powers were damn
near killing us both.
The next thing I remember the ground started shaking and split and
exploded under us, sending us into the air and flying away from our battle
ground. I'm not sure where her body fell but I landed in a large bush,
exhausted. I began to fade off when I felt a strange presence and an old
voice talking while other chattered silently under his powerful voice

"What happened here?" said Yosho 

"Looks like someone stepped on a land mine" said Nobuyuki

I began to fade out of blackness as my head fell back and I knocked
myself out on a large rock.....this is me unconsious!!!!

Stay tuned for part 2....coming soon
