Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu?

In a large wooden house called the "Mesaki House hold" we find Tenchi fixing
the roof after a skirmish between aieka and Ryoko. Tenchi is hammering down
a
plank of wood and smashes his finger with the hammer.
"Owwwwww. That smarts," said tenchi.
"Tenchi. Tenchi are you alright?" called ryoko.
"Yes I just smashed my finger with this hammer" replied tenchi
"That was a smart thing to do tenchi, hehe," said ryoko.
"Oh haha. You're the reason why I have to do this right now," said tenchi
"Why are you blaming me. It's partly Aieka's fault." Said ryoko
"You told her she was a slutty little bitch," said tenchi
"Oh yes now I remember." Said ryoko "Tenchi after you are done here how
about
we go on a hike as my way of saying I am sorry"
"Umm. Oh alright." Said tenchi " I have this last plank to nail then we will
go.
Tenchi finished with his plank and ryoko and tenchi went for a hike to the
shrine at the top of the hill.
"Ryoko will you slow down. I can't fly you know" said tenchi partly out of
breath.
"Oh I am sorry. We will rest here," said ryoko
"Ok." Tenchi said.
Tenchi sat down and rested for a minute.
"(Good we are almost to ryo-oki is waiting) Perfect!" said ryoko not knowing
she said that out loud.
"What is perfect ryoko?" asked tenchi.
"The perfect day for a hike" said ryoko to cover for herself.
"Come on tenchi," said ryoko grabbing tenchi's hand and yanking him to his
feet.
"Ok but slow down" said tenchi running to keep up with his hand.
They ran up the rest of the stairs and finally got to the top.
Tenchi bent over and gasped for air.
"Ryo-Oki!" yelled ryoko.
The cabbit jumped up from her hiding place and grew into a big ship.
A beam shot out of ryo-oki and picked up tenchi and ryoko.
"Where are we going!" screamed a worried tenchi.
They got on the ship but instead of the plane room with the viewing screens
and the diamonds, there was a flight of stairs leading up to a door that
tenchi never saw before.
"What happened in here?" asked tenchi.
"Oh. I had washu put a teleporting door there like the bathroom." Said
ryoko.
"Oh I see," said tenchi
"Oh yeah. WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME RYOKO!" said a worried tenchi.
"Don't worry. We are getting away from aieka for a while." Said ryoko.
"What?" said tenchi.
Instantly red energy ropes tied tenchi's arms up and also his feet which
made
him fall.
Ryoko picked him up over her shoulder and spanked him lightly taking him up
the stairs.
"Let me go ryoko!" said tenchi.
She opened the door and walked through it. There was a big white room with a
massive bed with four posts and red, satin covers. Also lying there was
washu
in a red, silk nightgown that went a little above her knees.
"What is going on?" asked tenchi.
"I had washu make this room on ryo-oki so I can have you. She said she would
not do it with out payment so she is going to join in with you and me
tenchi"
said ryoko.
"What" said a surprised tenchi.
As they got closer to the bed tenchi saw for chains with leather straps on
them.
"We are going to have fun." Said washu and ryoko together.
Ryoko threw tenchi to the bed and ripped off his shirt. Washu and ryoko
clamped tenchi's arms and legs to the straps so he could not move.
Washu and ryoko looked at one another and noded. They took off their clothes
in one motion. Tenchi got an erection while looking at the two naked in
front
of him.
"Those pants have to go tenchi" said ryoko.
She charged a blast in her hands and shot it at tenchi but it didn't harm
him. It vaporized his pants and boxers.
"That is much better," said Washu.
Washu and ryoko crawled up next to tenchi and they both kissed him on the
cheek. They then kissed each other using there toung's to probe each other's
mouths. They broke the kiss and washu went down to tenchi's waist.
"Oh will you look at that. Tenchi is all grown up," said Washu laughing
hysterically.
Ryoko mounted tenchi's chest.
"I know you want it tenchi," said ryoko "just give in"
She bent down and kissed tenchi on the lips. She tried forcing her tongue in
his mouth but to no avail.
"Come on tenchi" said ryoko " don't make washu and I get our whips"
She bent over again and kissed him. Tenchi let her tongue in and she probed
all parts of his mouth.
" There that wasn't so bad," said Ryoko.
Meanwhile, Washu was jacking off tenchi and sucking on the tip of his dick.
She then mounted his dick and slowly slid his dick in to her pussy.
"Oh tenchi you are so big OH yes" said washu.
She moved herself up and down his shaft faster and faster. She reached down
and lifted Ryoko's ass up to her mouth. Washu tongued her ass deeply and
fast.
"Oh washu" cried ryoko.
Tenchi was moaning along with washu. Ryoko was moaning the loudest out of
all
of them. Tenchi couldn't hold on any longer and with a loud moan he cummed
into washu's pussy.
Washu also cummed along with techi. Ryoko came due to the pleasure coming
from her ass.
As washu calmed down she got off of tenchi's dick. She swiched places with
ryoko. Washu knelt over tenchi's face with both of there fluids flowing out
of her pussy. Ryoko worked on getting tenchi hard again. She licked his
shaft
up and down. Jacked him off and sucked on his dick. He finally hardened
again
and ryoko mounted his dick.
"Tenchi, You have to clean the mess you made down there." Said washu " Lick
me clean tenchi"
She lowered herself down to where tenchi could toung her. He shoved his
toung
into her pussy and licked as fast and hard as he could.  Meanwhile ryoko was
riding his dick harder and faster than washu. Washu reached down to his
hands
and let them free. He grabbed her ass and brought her down closer. He then
went up and rubbed her tits. Her nipples where hard, pink, and her breasts
where as soft as silk.
"Oh tenchi. That feels so good. Yes" said washu
"More tenchi. More" yelled ryoko.
Ryoko finnally went over the edge and came on tenchi. Tenchi shot his warm
seed in to ryokos body. Washu lost control as well and came in tenchi's
mouth. Tenchi tried to get all of it but was unsuccessful. Ryoko got off of
tenchi's dick and lay down next to him.
Washu got off of tenchi's face and lay down on his chest. Tenchi's face was
covered in her cum.
"My goodness you are messy." Said washu.
She licked his face clean.
"I love you two." Said tenchi.
"We love you too." Said ryoko and washu together.
"We have to get to my lab for some tests tenchi." Said washu.
Washu got up and made an invisible computer apear. She typed on it madly and
another door apeared.
"Ryoko are you coming," asked washu.
"You bet your ass I am." Said ryoko.
They all went through the door and closed it.
Ryo-oki went back to the misaki house and turned back into the cabbit.
"Ok ryoko. Go get sasami. We need to do some sexual test with her newly
forming body," said washu.
Ryoko disappeared.
"Tenchi we are going to have some good fun now," said washu.

THE END.
I hoped you have enjoyed that.
There may be a sequel. Stay tuned.
