( ) = Narrator ,me ,Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol  this is my first one so go easy
on the criticism. But still send me what you think good or Bad.
Classification: Lemon FF
Saki= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me ( I have
no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.

Tenchi gets married series form Zero Cool.
As the title illustrates this story is about the day that Tenchi proposes to
the girls. 1st of at least 5.

The Proposal
It was a normal day at the Masaki residence the sun was out the sky was
blue.
Azaka and Camadaki were out at the front gate as usual. Mihoshi and Kiyone
are on patrol near Saturn. Tenchi is walking to school as he does every
morning. Washuu is working in the lab and Sasami is cooking. And Ayeka and
Ryoko are well what are whose two up to.

    "How dare you you you you you demon. Don't touch that stop it please
that's royal property" yelled Ayeka.

(I wonder what is going on as if I didn't already know.)

    Ryoko is seen flying down the stairs with Ayeka's head ornament. Sasami
is in the kitchen making breakfast and sighs as Ayeka chases Ryoko with a
Scythe.

    "You snobbish little princes you should know by now that you cant catch
me" said Ryoko as she teleported to the roof of the house.

    " I'll have your head for this you demon" replied Ayeka running into the
side of the house.

    "Well there is only one way to stop this now" sighed Sasami grabbing the
dinner bell.

    Ringggggggg……….. Breakfast is ready you two she yelled at the top
of her
lungs. Grandfather then enter the house from the back door. The party of
four
is about to get seated at the floor table when a sudden shock goes through
their bodies.

(If you watch the show enough then you should know what is going to happen
next)

    All of a sudden there is a stereo explosion and Splash.

    "They are early today, I hope that they are all right that one sounds
worse that the usual." Said Grandfather

    Two minutes later the front and closet door open at the same time. In
drops Washuu smoldering from the lab and Mihoshi and Kiyone soaking wet out
of the pound. The three have a seat at the table. Every one else stares with
a puzzled look on their face then continues eating. After a great meal
(compliments of Sasami) Grandfather heads back to the shrine, Sasami clears
the table, and the rest head for the dimensional bathroom to get cleaned up
from their earlier trials.

( You know what is going to happen next he he heh eh heh heheheh ehh eh he?)

    The girls were sitting in the water drinking saki and talking to each
other about what ever there drunken minds could come us with. All of a
sudden
Mihoshi was un-raping Kiyone's towel with a wanting look in her eyes. Kiyone
looked over and started twirling her finger in Mihoshi's hair adorning.
Ayeka
then looks over watching what is happening and slowly makes her way over to
them.
    Ayeka then lifts Kiyone out of the water and places her on the edge of
the pool and starts to kiss her inner thigh.

    " Oooooohhhhhhhh  mmmummmmmm please don't stop." mones  Kiyone

    Kiyone's pussy started to water as Ayeka kissed her. Ryoko flots over
and
starts to go down on Mihoshi making her quiver slightly. Ryoko the phases
into two forms and the other heads for Washuu. Washuu then transforms into
her adult form and mones as her daughter is kissing and caressing her
breast.
    *"Now I wonder what that noise is" thinks Sasami in a towel lessening at
the door hearing the moaning and groaning in the room.

(what should I write next)

    Sasami walks in not knowing what she will find when she enters. Her eyes
widen and her mouth drops to the floor. Seeing the new edition they welcome
her as only they could. As they make they're way toward her she moves
forward
welcoming the oncoming action. Ayeka and Washuu start to eat her out as
Mihoshi and Kiyone suck on her small brown breast. Ryoko then phases back to
one form and starts kissing Sasami shoving her tong in her mouth. Sasami
cries out in pleasure. This continues for another 15 minuets and when
they're
all exhausted they leave.

    "Man what a day, I hate running the mile" says Tenchi on the way home.

    Back at the house Ayeka (now sober with slight hangover) is walking down
the hall and notices that Tenchi's room door is open. She peaks in to see
Ryoko sitting on the side of the bead, with a rather pitiful look.
    "Ryoko what in the bloody hell are you doing in hear, you know Tenchi
doesn't like you in his room" yelled Ayeka
    "you know you weren't have bad in there, for a snob. But you move kind
of
slow" taunted Ryoko.
    "Ok I'll show you slow, you naughty little demon " said Ayeka taking off
her cloths.

(We all know she doesn't were under cloths)
    She then takes off Ryoko's cloths and starts kissing her. Wile kissing
her she digs her finger into Ryoko's pussy, Ryoko groans slightly and then
pushes Ayeka up against the wall and starts to go down on her. She then
lifts
her off the ground and starts gnawing at her opening and rubbing her breast.
Ayeka cries out in pure pleasure.
    The two then move over to Tenchi's bed Ryoko places Ayeka on the end of
her knee and starts to bounce her up and down on it, her knee dripping with
Ayeka's love juices. Ryoko bends over and starts to lick at her. Ayeka then
pushes Ryoko on to her back and spreads her legs, she then puts on leg on
her
shoulder and the other around her hip. The two then start to grind their
pusses together.
    "How slow am I now, myyyyyy little demonnnnnn" moans Ayeka.
    "You call that fast why don't I speed things up a little" says Ryoko.
Grinding into her harder and faster than before.

    "I wonder who I should ask first, if I go in the wrong order bad things
will happen. Hey guys I'm home. I wonder where they are" said Tenchi
questioning himself. Walking up to his now closed room door.

(OK this is going to be really really really good hahhahahahaha)

    Tenchi now opens the door. His eyes open widely as he sees the action
going on in his bed. He leaps, jumping back 10 feet forgetting that there
was
a wall 5 feet behind him. Boom went his head against the wall.
    "What's going on out here" yells Sasami coming out of her room.
"Tenchi oh no what has happen to you, you're bleeding. Medic!!!!"
    "Nurse Washuu to the rescue. Hey hey hey whets going on here Sasami,
what's the problem" ask Washuu.
    "oh I see, that's a really bad bump"

    "Tenchi are you ok" ask Ayeka and Ryoko putting their clothes back on.

    "Alright Sasami, I think I'll let you take care of him this time. Now
what do we do first" ask Washu rubbing Tenchi's forehead.

    "I know we tilt his head back to stop the nose bleed. Next we'd better
get an ice pack for his head." Sasami replies.

    ~"Sounds good but lets get him down to the lab first, oh and better get
two packs for the swelling.

    ~"Why two he only has one bump on his head"

    ~"I mean his head and the other swelling" giving Sasami innocent look
and
glances down at Tenchi's pants.

    ~"You're a naughty girl aren't you little Washuu."

    ~"Of course I'm you should know his by now hehhhehehehehehehe"

    Sasami runs down the stairs giggling. Ayeka knells down to pick up the
things that Tenchi dropped. She then notices a rather large box with a lock
on it.

    "I wonder what this is, I can't seen to get it open. There may be
something important in it." Says Ayeka Struggling with the box.

    " I think that I saw a key hanging from Tenchi's neck when Washuu was
dragging him down stares." Replied Ryoko.

    Three hours later time 6:00 pm. Tenchi has regained consciousness and is
eating diner. Grandfather and Nobuyoki sit wondering why every one is so
quiet. After dinner the girls leave the table and start watching T.V. Tenchi
decides to go up to his room and get ready for his big surprise. He finds
the
box lying on his bed. He then calls every one to the living room and sets
the
girls on the couch, and sits in a chair in front of them. Every stares at
him
with a puzzled look on there faces.

( here it come can you feel the excitement)

    " (sigh) OK gi gi gi girls I I I I  have something to ask you." Tenchi
says stuttering and taking the key from around his sweating neck.

    He then places a small wooden table in front of them. Both Nobuyoki and
grandfather realize what is happening.

    "I have something for you" he says unlocking the big box. He then opens
it and places it in front of the girls revealing six smaller boxes. "girls
there is one box for each of you." On the boxes were the initials of each
girl in small gems the same color as the girls personality. " Pick up the
box
with your initials on it but don't open it yet." He some how managed to
chock
out. With all of the pieces coming together the girls eyes began to water. "
Wi wi wi will you do me the hon hon honor of mmmmmarring me" Finally
speaking
up with a tear in his eye. "Ok you can open the box now"

    They crack open the boxes to revel gold diamond and gem rings. Their
eyes
began to tear up hearing his proposal to then. Shocked at this new
development and the sincere look in his eye.

(especially since there was no answer.)

    Things are starting to look kind of down for Tenchi, he proposed to then
over ten minutes ago and there was still no answer. Tenchi starts to cry
looking down at the ground. Then Ayeka stands up out of her chair and lifts
his head up to get a look at his face.
    " Oh Tenchi I thought, no we thought that you would never ask us
(remembering the talk she and the other girls had in the dimensional
bathroom)!!" FB( I wonder if and when Tenchi will propose to one of us.)
cried Ayeka "of course I'll marry you I've been waiting for this day for the
ever since I first met you"

    "Now Tenchi you should know by now that I'm not one to show my emotions,
but I just cant help my self. You also may know that like Ayeka I've been
longing for this day." Sobs Ryoko " yes yes yes I'll marry you."

    " Yea of course why wouldn't I, I always have loved you I just never had
the courage to tell you until now." said Sasami cheerfully.

    "Same hear and now you won't have a excuse to get out of my
experiments!!!!!!" Yells Washu.

    "Gee that really wasn't the point Washu but what ever makes you happy."
Tenchi sighs.

    " oh I cant believe it Kiyone, were going to be married to Tenchi  isn't
this great!!!" Cheered Mihoshi.

    " yea great I cant believe it, it's a dream come true I." smiles Kiyone.

( as you can tell the shock hasn't quite hit Kiyone yet)

"Good job son I cant believe that you will marry all of them. Were did you
come up with that idea." Ask Nobuyoki

    "Well I love them all what's so hard to believe about that." Explains
Tenchi. (whispering ) "if I only proposed to one I would never have lived
past that day."

    Even with the relief of knowing that all the girls wanted to marry him,
Tenchi just couldn't seem to fall asleep. It's 12:15 am and since he was up
he went to look in on the girls. Ayeka and Sasami were sound asleep and
looked rather happy especially Ayeka with a faint smile on her face. Kiyone
wasn't asleep and Mihoshi fell asleep on her lap, Kiyone didn't notice
Tenchi
looking in on them so he just crept by with a smile on his face. For some
odd
reason Ryoko wasn't in the room so he just went forward to Washuu's lab as
usual she was at her hologram lab-top computer. (She seams to be working on
a
space ship) Tenchi still not able to sleep decides to sit on the roof and
stare at the stars. When he makes it to the roof he finds Ryoko sitting
doing
the same.

    "Hay Ryoko what are you doing up hear, why aren't you asleep." Ask
Tenchi. "As a mater of fact you, Washuu, and Kiyone are the only ones still
awake."

    "How can you ask that question you proposed to us six hours ago, of
course I'm still awake. I think I'll be awake for a wile" Says Ryoko.

"Ok then well guess I'll be going", sighs Tenchi

    "No wait Tenchi I'm sorry, were you going? Stay with me for a little
wile
don't go", ask Ryoko with a rather needy look.

    ~"Ok I'll stay a wile longer. Why don't we just sit here and gaze at the
stars for a wile." Said Tenchi.

    ~"Tenchi I have a question for you. Why didn't you propose to us
separately? Why all a once. Ask Ryoko.

    ~"Ok (sigh) first answer me this. What would you have done if I asked
Ayeka first? Replies Tenchi.

    ~"I would have been devastated I couldn't take that. I probably would
have run off before … you…got…to…ask…me." Ryoko realizes

    ~"And as you well know I cant stand to see any of you unhappy." Says
Tenchi kissing Ryoko on the forehead.

    ~"Oh Tenchi… you know that's the first time that you ever kissed me."

    ~"umm I didn't mean to it just happened" Tenchi says blushing.

    ~"Tenchi I don't mind since we're going to be married, but if you are
going to kiss me try this." Kissing Tenchi, sticking her tong in his mouth.

    ~" wow Ryoko were did you learn how to kiss like that."

    ~"Tenchi I thought you knew. Washuu and I share troughs, memories, and
feelings."

    ~"Yea and at one time Washuu was married wasn't she. Ok let me try
again"

    Tenchi starts to kiss Ryoko again. Ryoko leans back with Tenchi on top
of
her. She starts to unbutton his shirt, and teleports them both into Tenchi's
bedroom. Tenchi slips of her shirt and stares at her breast.

    ~"Hey Tenchi your staring you find something you like"

    ~"Umm Ryoko maybe we shouldn't do this right now. I mean were not
married
yet and I want to save the best part for the honeymoon."

    ~"Alright if you don't want to I can't force you to, well I could but it
just wouldn't be right so we'll wait. But promise that you wont have sex
with
any of the others."

    ~" You have my word"

        The next morning (Saturday)

    "Hay Tenchi did you have a nice sleep?" ask Sasami.

    "Yea it was ok. I walked in to check on you guys last night." said
Tenchi.

    "You did, I didn't notice I was up until 3:00 a.m. I thought I heard
something last night." Spoke Kiyone.

    "Well Tenchi when is the wedding day going to be." Ask Nobuyoki

    "I'm not sure when. I think I'll let you girls decide, how would you
like
that." Replies Tenchi.

    "Sounds good to me we'll through a grand Jurai wedding. Maybe we should
have the wedding next month." Announced Ayeka.

    " of course you would suggest a thing like that you snob. What makes you
think we can't have a traditional earth wedding?" Says Ryoko

End part 1. Also coming soon: Wedding day, Wedding Night 1, and Wedding
Night2.
Next…… Wedding day
