***Disclaimer: ***
 Tenchi Masaki and all related characters (Ryoko, Tsunami, Ayeka, 
etc.), except Sayuri and Ky-Ohki-Oha, are from the Anime series "Tenchi 
Muyo!" created by Masaki Kajishima, owned by AIC and Pioneer. I, The 
Kat Goddess, do not declare ownership of the characters, which defers 
me from all legal suits (I think). 
Tsunami is in place of Sasami because the thought of an 8 year old girl 
in a lemon fanfic and participating is just wrong so I changed it so 
its appropriate and not a form of pedophilia. ICK.pedophilia.EWWWW. 
Anything between these things, < >, is thoughts from the character. 
Also this fan fic is NOT suitable for any one under the age of at least 
15, unless you are a very sheltered 15-year-old. But I don't think that 
is possible because you're at this site. ?



Tenchi, the girls and a baby
By The Kat Goddess

Ryoko ran up to Tenchi and wrapped herself around his neck. Ayeka 
became exceedingly pissed by this and tried to pull Ryoko off of 
Tenchi. 
" Girls. Please, you're hurting me." Tenchi complained as Ryoko 
pushed Ayeka away.
Ryoko slid off Tenchi and phased out. Washu came out of her lab 
and slapped him on the ass in enthusiasm.
" Well, Tenchi my boy, looks like there's a real competition for 
you. With me, Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone and Tsunami after you, you 
don't need anymore girls after you, do you?" Washu explained.
"Yeah, really," Tenchi said, unethusiatically.
Tenchi made his way into the house to find Ryoko drinking, 
Mihoshi and Kiyone playing cards, Tsunami was cooking dinner and Ayeka 
was helping Yosho with the much needed chores.
Ryoko looked up, floated over while making sure Ayeka wasn't 
looking and planted a firm, wet kiss on Tenchi's lips. Tenchi tried to 
push her off, then thought;  <I could take advantage of this. > Tenchi 
took a shot of sake and ran with Ryoko upstairs to his room.
Once inside, Ryoko laid herself on Tenchi's bed and took another 
shot. Tenchi lay next to her, looking deep into her eyes. She stared 
back, her sexy amber eyes penetrating into his shiny brown eyes. Tenchi 
kissed her lips, tasting alcohol on them, and ran his hand from her 
shoulder to her hips. Ryoko then grabbed his hand and intertwined their 
fingers.  
"We can't do this," Ryoko whispered, with a slur in her speech, 
"let me at least be sober."
Tenchi looked at her in bewilderment. < She must really be drunk. 
> Tenchi thought. Accepting her request, Tenchi got up and went 
outside. < I think I'll go on a walk. > Tenchi thought to himself as 
the moon began to rise.
While walking through the forest near his house, Tenchi found a 
crash site to what could have been something Mihoshi could've done. 
With amazing curiosity, Tenchi walked over to check it out.
Instead of finding a galaxy police vehicle, Tenchi found a beaten 
up girl and her ship in the same condition. Tenchi proceeded to walk 
over to her when suddenly she rolled over.  She seemed unharmed except 
for the few cuts and bruises on various places. 
"What's your name?" Tenchi asked nervously.
"Sayuri," answered the brown-haired, green-eyed girl.
"Well, Sayuri, lets get you to my house, clean you up and get 
some food in you. You can rest whenever you want." Tenchi said with a 
smile. Being careful when he picked her up, Tenchi carried Sayuri to 
his house that just so happened to be a two-mile treck.

Once at home and settled, everyone was fully aware of the new 
situation.
"Tenchi's got a new girlfriend," sang Yosho and Noboyuki.
"Well I'm not going to stand for this," complained Ayeka, "she 
cant stay according to me."
"Its not your call, Ayeka," Tenchi barked.
"She can stay as long as she wants," replied Yosho.
"Fine if she stays, I leave. Is that what you want Tenchi?" Ayeka 
protested.
Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Tsunami were speech-less. Tenchi left 
the house to the calmness of the outside and the full moon. All of 
which were beautiful. Even the creature sitting next to him. Ryoko 
gazed at him, her eyes filled with questions.
"Where did you find her?" Ryoko asked, "do you like her? Please 
no. Stay with me."
"Ryoko, I can't keep this up with you. Just because of the few 
nights we shared together, doesn't mean we're exclusive. You even said 
so. Remember?" Tenchi said to her.
"So, just the thought of you with another girl makes me weak and 
I can't take it. You even said after Sakuya (god rest her soul, NOT!), 
that there would be no more new girls," Ryoko shot back.
Tenchi sat silent. < She has a good argument but I don't have to 
listen to her. > Thought Tenchi.
"Ok, I have a deal for you," Tenchi offered, "if you have gotten 
pregnant with my child from one of the previous encounters we had and 
you have DNA proof its mine, I'll make my self exclusive to you."
"Ok," said Ryoko, with longing in her voice.
Tenchi stared at her solemn face. He held her head in his hand 
and kisses her. She then phased out. <I know I love her in some way. > 
Tenchi thought. < But I need to find out in which way. >
Walking back into the house, Tenchi found Washu on the couch with 
a tear in her eye and all of Ayeka's stuff gone.
"Well, you got another one," Washu said sadly, "lucky you. I 
thought I would get a chance. At least after Sakuya died."
< Hmmm. You know Sakuya never saw that bus coming did she? > 
Tenchi thought to himself. < Oh well. >
Walking up to his room, Tenchi found Sayuri sprawled across the 
bed in a very interesting position. Upon seeing Tenchi, she got up and 
pulled him onto her while wrapping her legs around his waist. 
"Come on, Tenchi, let's go," Sayuri begged.
"But we," Tenchi started.
"Just shut up and do what I say," Sayuri ordered.
Obeying her command, Tenchi proceeded to pull her nightshirt up 
and kiss her nipples as she slid her hand down his pants.
Sayuri continued by undressing Tenchi, unzipping his pants to 
reveal his hard member. Sayuri started to lower her head to suck him 
off but stopped when Tenchi lifted her head so he could see her eyes.
"I can't do this. At least not now," Tenchi protested.
"Why?" Sayuri asked, disappointed and curious.
"Promises I made that I have to keep," Tenchi explained, "nothing 
against you."
"Oh, ok, sure," Sayuri said as she stomped off to her room, 
dressing herself as she went.
Tenchi made his way to Washu's lab, wearing his night pants and 
carrying a bottle of sake.
"Little Washu," Tenchi called, " are you awake?"
"Yes, Tenchi. I was just about ready to go to bed. What do you 
need?" Washu asked.
Tenchi was about to answer when he laid eyes on Washu's bed 
attire. Wearing only a sky-blue, see-through, silk nightdress tied off 
with a sash. And she wasn't "little" Washu either.  Her true 
transformed self, different from the 12-year old girl form had a full 
figure and every thing was showing almost completely through the thin, 
flimsy fabric. That is until Washu removed the nightdress, letting it 
cascade onto the floor.  
"I.umm.need," Tenchi stammered as he blushed and looked away from 
Washu's naked body.
"Tenchi, are you embarrassed by my body?" Washu asked, walking up 
to him and wrapping her arms around him.
 "Umm.Washu do you think this is necessary? To be in front of me 
like this?" Tenchi asked.
"Why, of course Tenchi. How else would I present myself to you?" 
Washu asked back.
Washu began to kiss Tenchi and rub her thigh against his hard on. 
Tenchi protested at first then gave in as his emotions got the better 
of him. Washu pulled Tenchi closer to her body as he slid his pants 
down to the floor and piled them on Washu's nightdress. Washu grabbed 
Tenchi's hard on and began to rub her hand against it, making Tenchi 
groan softly. Tenchi was caressing Washu's back when Tsunami walked 
into Washu's lab.
"Hey, Washu do you.. Omigod!!! What the hell is going on?!?!?" 
Tsunami demanded.
"Well, umm." Washu trailed off.
"Washu, I thought we were exclusive! Damn, what the hell do I 
know?" Tsunami screamed.
"Washu, you and her?" Tenchi asked, scared. 
**********
This is my very fist fanfic.  Send your comments to 
ryokogirl@hotmail.com. I would like to her what you think. 
In the next episode: is Washu a lesbian? Will Ayeka be gone 
forever? What will happen with Sayuri? Is Ryoko pregnant? Find out in 
the next fanfic by me, The Kat Goddess.

3

1

