( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom
Note I type rather fast and don't catch all my mistakes. Sometimes I may get
the words him and her mixed up. So if things just don't seem to add up
reread
that part.

Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I have
no
money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Ficts I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.

This is continued from part two…. Wedding Day, this contains Tenchi,
Tsunami
and Ayeka.
Wedding Nights!!

He then turn over and sets Ryoko on top of him, she starts to hop up and
down
on Tenchi's mid section with incredible force. She then has a stroke of
brilliance and teleports them into the Onsen. They settle into the warm
water
and resumes were they left off; Tenchi then presses Ryoko against the edge
of
the pool and begins to pound into her with an even greater force. Her mind
was racing as he drover into her with more and more force. Finally Tenchi
couldn't take it any more and neither could Ryoko the two came at the same
time and slid down to the ground. Exhausted Ryoko teleports them both back
to
Tenchi's room. The two lovers lay motion less in the bed, just waiting for
the other to say something. Tsunami and Ayeka walk into the room and have a
seat on the couch.

"We were watching you to on the security monitor and just wanted to drop
in."
Ayeka.
"Man Tenchi that was intense, Ryoko how could you ask for more?" Tsunami.
" Jees, what's the deal with you and that security system." Tenchi
"As I said earlier I want to gain as much knowledge on the matter as
possible. If you don't mind, do you?" Tsunami
" I guess not but trust me it will be magical, just like with me and Ryoko
and me and Washuu." Tenchi
"Oh that name…. I still want to hurt her." Ryoko
"Please Ryoko for our sake please forgive Washuu."
" Tenchi I have a question. It's 4:30AM but can we get started this
afternoon, if you're tired and want to go later I'll understand." Tsunami
"No that will be fine, but why so early?"
"Will if we start at night then we'll fall asleep after the first time, but
in the afternoon we can go more than once."
"I should of thought of that, what an idea." Ryoko
"Tenchi meet me in the onsen after lunch ok." Tsunami
"Ok I'll be looking forward to it, you wouldn't mind if Ryoko came too."
Tenchi.
"No, I don't mind but tell me why?"
"Yes, why do you want me with you and Tsunami?"
"Well I feel so bad about what Washuu did, I just waned some way to make it
up to you."
"That's so sweet, we're so lucky to have you for a husband." Ayeka

That morning at breakfast Tenchi and Tsunami just couldn't keep their eyes
off each other. The two were sitting next to each other; Tsunami placed her
hand on his pants. A slight shock went through his system as she started to
unzip his pants and put her hand inside grabbing his member. Tenchi then
placed his hand on her knee and moved it slowly under her skirt. Her face
became red and her temperature raised as he position his hand in her
panties.
She looked down and started breathing rapidly as he rubbed her gently.
"What's going go with you to?!" Ayeka
"Oh nothing just thinking about later today." They both answered nervously
"You know Kiyone those two really make a good looking couple, don't they"
Mihoshi
"Yea they really do." Kiyone
The two withdrew their hands blushing as the others talked about them. The
group finished their breakfast and rushed off to do what ever it is they do.
Tsunami and Tenchi cleared the table and left to get ready for their
afternoon planes. Ryoko was already in the onsen and was sleeping on the
couch. Tsunami came in and kissed her in a deep and passionate way. Ryoko
woke up to find Tsunami lying on top of her rubbing her breast.

"Oh Tsunami what are you…" Moans Ryoko.
Tsunami begins to move down and gnaw at Ryoko's neither lips. Ryoko sits up
and lays Tsunami back and starts to finger her. She groans as Ryoko drives
into her deeper and deeper. Tenchi then walks into the room and is somewhat
shocked with what he finds. Acting somewhat hypnotized he walks over and
starts kissing tsunami's neck. She slides down and takes off his boxers,
once
again seeing his large member (form the last story) she takes it into her
mouth, he moan grabbing her shoulders just about falls over in pleasure.

"Ohhhh … that feels so good, more… please."
Ryoko once again starts to gnaw at Tsunami's pussy, twirling her tong around
inside. She then splits into two forms, the second form moves over to Tenchi
and starts kissing him thrusting her tong into his mouth. Tenchi having the
time of his life starts rubbing Ryoko's breast twisting her nipples. Ryoko's
two forms go back into one, and she turns her attention back to Tsunami and
the two locks in a long passionate kiss. Tenchi regaining his breath moves
behind Tsunami and turns her over on her back.
"Ok, honey brace your self thus may hurt for the first minute but the
initial
pain will subside soon." Tenchi says opening her legs.
"Just be genital my love" Says Tsunami with a tear I her eye.
"I'll help keep her calm" Ryoko says pining Tsunami's shoulders to the
ground.
Tenchi then puts his member at her opening pushes down slightly. Tsunami
lets
out a slight moan as he pushes in more and more. Finally he trust down with
all his might Tsunami lets a loud scream.

"Oh my I didn't hurt…"
"Shhhh don't worry I'm ok." She moans with her finger over his mouth.
Ryoko was struggling to keep her shoulders on the ground; she lays a deep
passionate kiss on her. Once again Tenchi thrust down upon her, Tsunami rose
up almost flipping Ryoko into the air.
"Oh Tenchi …… harder" the young princes whispers.
Tenchi instructs Ryoko to let go of her shoulders; she immediately raps her
arms around him. He caries her over to the couch and lays her down, and once
again resumes it move in and out of her. She was struggling to catch her
breath as her went faster and faster. She pushes Tenchi onto his back and
sits on his stomach; she repositions her self once again and starts to
bounce
up and down on his mid section.

(It's me again; if by some chance you don't understand why Ryoko pined
Tsunami's shoulders to the ground let me explain. She has just changed into
her new form 3 days ago (the dance), sure they share the same mind but both
are new to the game of sex. That's why she was watching Tenchi and the
others
on the security camera. Being new to sex Tenchi figured that she still had
part of her 13-year-old mind and it would be hard to control her when he
actual started to "fuck her" which is another reason why he ask Ryoko to
join
them. Also she was new to having that body and didn't know how to control
her
function. In other words if Ryoko wasn't holding her shoulders down she
would
have given Tenchi a massive head-butt after the first thrust. UNDERSTAND!!!)

"Your really good at this Tsunami" Tenchi said arching his back as she
bounced on him.
She blushes as he looks up upon her. Ryoko walk over and starts to rub and
crease her breast taking a seat behind her. * This feels so good I wonder if
I should try something else, Tenchi *. In turn he pushes up as she's coming
down, this new pleasure sends the young prince strait into orgasm. Almost
fainting Ryoko pulls her back on to Tenchi; he lays her on her back and
proceeds to kiss her inner thigh. She squirms around slightly and comes in
Tenchi's mouth. Alarmed slightly she pulls back almost cries looking down at
Tenchi.
"Tsunami what's wrong I don't mind, after all I like the taste of
watermelon."

She repositions her-self on Tenchi's member and turns him over on top of
her.
Once again he thrust into her. She lets out a slight whimper as he pushes
into her deeper than before. * I think I'll leave those two alone, they seem
to be having a good time with out me*. Ryoko turns to kiss them both on the
forehead, and teleports into her room. Tenchi disengages from Tsunami and
starts to suck on her nipples he continued this process. Once again
reentering he calls for Ryoko who promptly teleported back into the onsen.
He
ask if she could teleport them into his bedroom, and she was willing to help
setting the two lovers on the bed and leaving again. They came to the edge
of
the bed and fell off, with Tenchi on top of her. The force of the landing
was
more than both of them could take and came to their climax.
" Ohhh my that was great, you were the best of all so far, I guess all that
studying paid off." Tenchi said pulling the both of them back on to the bed.
"That was incredible, I feel kind of sore though. By the way what time is
it?"
"It's 5:30 why do you ask."
"Oh no I need to go and cook diner!!"
"Don't worry about that I ask Washuu to take care of diner to night. So just
relax and wait for round two." Tenchi says with a smile
"I'm kind of hungry can you get me something to eat?"
"Yea, sure what would you like?"
"It doesn't matter."
Tenchi gets dressed and heads for the kitchen. The others were at the table
eating and were surprised to see him so soon.
"Hay Tenchi how was it, is Tsunami ok." Ayeka
"She's fine a little sore but fine. I came down to get something to eat."
Tenchi
"Great I figured that you would Work up and appetite. So I already fixed you
two a plate" Washuu
"Thanks you're the greatest little Washuu." Tenchi
"Oh Tenchi Please don't be too rough with her, even though she has the body
of an adult, she still has part of the mind of a teenager." Ayeka
"Believe it or not I already knew, that also why I ask Ryoko to come with
us,
I knew that I couldn't handle her alone. She's vary strong with her new
body." Tenchi
"It will be my turn tomorrow wont it?"
"Yes, good night I guess we won't see you till tomorrow morning. Oh yea,
Washuu can you fix breakfast tomorrow she'll probably be too tired to make
any thing. That and I wont let her leave to make any thing. See you latter."
Tenchi
"See ya and we can't wait to hear about tonight from Tsunami." The others
said as he walked out the room.
"Wait Tenchi I have a question, why did you want to have us on separate
night
why not all at once."
"Ok, that seems like a fair enough question. I love you all the same amount
but in different ways, either way if you all went at once I would probably
end up neglecting one of you. That answer you question." Tenchi walking out
of the room.

Back in Tenchi's room Tsunami is looking out at the stars.
~"Hay Tsunami, Washuu fixed us some dinner."
"Oh great, when would you like to get started again?"
"I don't know how about 6:30 you can eat and I'll have plenty of time to
recuperate from earlier to day"
Tenchi pulls a chair over to the window and stairs out into space. Tsunami
finishes her food and walks over to Tenchi who has fallen asleep in the
chair. * Oh he's so sweet when he sleeps. * She has a seat straddling his
lap
and kisses him probing his mouth with her tong. Tenchi wakes up rather
surprised and embraces her in his arms. For the first time ever he begins to
undress her, siding off the t-shirt she had put on wile he was in the
kitchen. He begins to suck and rub on her breast; she throws her head back
as
a surge of pleasure runs through her system. She leans back too far and
begins to fall bring Tenchi with her, crashing between her legs. They both
let out a slight moan as their bodies press together. Tenchi picks up
Tsunami
and caries her over to the bed. He lays her down and kisses at her neck,
leaving a trail of kisses down to he pussy.
This new action sends a shiver through her body. She runs her hands through
her hair, and comes on Tenchi's face. He raised his head to her face and she
starts to lick the cum off. Moving down she takes his member in to her mouth
and begins to lick the head circling the head.

"Oh… Tsunami!!" Tenchi moans
"Oh no Tenchi am I hurting you???!"
"No quite the opposite please continue"

Once again she takes his member into her mouth, she began moving it in and
out twirling her tong around it. He grabs her breast and starts to rub them
gently, she moaned as he worked his fingers into her vagina. The juices
start
to flow from her leg onto the bed and soaked Tenchi's hand. The new action
was too much for the young princes to handle, biting down own Tenchi's
member.
(Now that had to hurt, I cringed just writing it.)

"Awooooooo… dame it, shit that really hurts!!!!!!"
"Ow no I'm sorry, don't yell at me, maybe we should stop!!??!"
"No, it was my fault maybe I went to far and I'm sorry I yelled at you. You
really don't have control of your body yet do you?"
"How, how did you know that I'm getting use to this."
"Hay I'm your husband I know every thing about you." Tenchi says
sarcastically.
 "Tsunami do you want me to help you learn how to control your body?"
"Do you really think you can help me Tenchi?"
"We'll try our best OK."
"Alright what do we do first?"
"Ok, now relax concentrate on me. Now I'm going to start fucking you again,
lock your hands and put your arms around my neck and hold on.
"Ok Tenchi but please be gentile."
"I'll be as gentile as possible, but you have to trust me," says Tenchi
laying Tsunami back on the bed.

Once again he positions his (somewhat sore now) member at the entrance of
Tsunami's vagina and presses down gently. Tsunami lets out a soft moan as he
begins to push into her.  He increases his momentum and rubs her breast as
he
comes down with great force.

"Ok, now hug me. Try to keep form breaking my neck but hug me."
"I don't think I can, your pushing down too hard, I I I can't…"
"Just do what I tell you to do ok, trust me remember."

She causally hugs him trying not to be too aggressive. With this Tenchi
increases his speed pushing in harder and deeper than ever before. She
begins
to pant and moan hugging him tighter. Tenchi starts to slow down and look
down at her, she was almost crying trying her hardest not to hurt him.

"Tsunami you're tensing up, try to stay calm. I'm going to put you on top of
me now and let you do all the work tell me if you object to any of this."

Tenchi turns on to his back and pulls Tsunami on top of him. Repositioning
her self on Tenchi's member she grabs onto his shoulders, he holds her hips
helping her balance.

"Tenchi I don't know if I can do this. It doesn't hurt any more but my body
just wont go."
"Ok, listen to the sound of my voice and do what I tell you. Look deep into
my eyes." Doing this Tsunami goes into a hypnotic trans.

(Who knew that Tenchi could hypnotize people, or maybe its just Tsunami.)?

    "When I snap my fingers you will have complete control of you normal
bodily functions." Click… "Tsunami… Tsunami… Tsunamiiiiiii are you
ok?"
    "Oh Tenchi I feel just… fine now, what did you do to me."
    "Well, to be blunt I hypnotized you and removed your anxiety about being
with me."
"When did you learn to do that?"
"It was a wile ago, my friends and I were play and one of them let me
hypnotize him."
"It's 7:00, can we start again? I'm sure you wont forget this night."
"Really, you sure are eager now."

Tsunami begins to move back and forth on Tenchi's member. He groans as she
grinds into him, she places her hands on his and brings them to her chest.
He
then rubs her breast and kissed her. Lowering his head he begins to suck on
one. Tenchi turns her over and begins to drive into her. The two lock their
hands together and kiss passionately, their tongs moving through each
other's
mouth. They come to their climax as, both of their warm bodies press against
each other.

See Wedding Nights part 1-2 for rest of  "Wedding Night 1"

( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom
Note I type rather fast and don't catch all my mistakes. Sometimes I may get
the words him and her mixed up. So if things just don't seem to add up
reread
that part.

Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I have
no
money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Ficts I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.
This is continued from part two…. Wedding Day, this contains Tenchi,
Tsunami
and Ayeka.
                        Wedding Nights 1-2!!

 Tenchi turns her over and begins to drive into her. The two lock their
hands
together and kiss passionately, their tongs moving through each other's
mouth. They come to their climax as, both of their warm bodies press against
each other.

"Oh… Tsunami… that was magnificent. What should we do now?"
"Just hold me… all I want you to do is hold Me." says Tsunami kissing
Tenchi,
climbing into his arms.

The next morning Tsunami wakes up, Tenchi is dressed and once again sitting
in the chair left by the window. A faint smell fills the room, and Tenchi
turns around to see Tsunami walking over to him.

"How are you felling… lover? Ask Tenchi with a smile.
"Oh not as sore as I was before. I guess since I couldn't really control my
body it seemed more painful that is really was. By the way can you teach me
that hypnotize trick?"
"I'll try, but I think it's the effect that my eyes have on people. It
smells
like Washuu has started breakfast, lets go."
"Ok, but let me go take a shower first."
"Do you want me to join you?" Tenchi says sarcastically
"I think I'll manage on my own but maybe later."

The Tenchi leaves the room and heads for the kitchen. Ryoko and Ayeka are at
the table talking about the sounds coming out of Tenchi's bed room last
night, and look over at him. Kiyone and Mihoshi are pulling into the docking
area with Yugami, and Washuu is cooking up a storm.

"Tenchi we herd you yelling at Tsunami last night, what happened?" Ayeka
"I'll let Tsunami tell you about that." Tenchi
"About what Tenchi?" Tsunami.
"About why I was yelling at you last night, remember." Tenchi
"Do you guys really want to know." Tsunami
"Yes, Even I would like to have an explanation to that one." Washuu said
flipping a pancake.
"Well… I… I… I bit him." Tsunami said looking down.
"And, so I bit him too, on the ear." Ryoko
" I kind of, bit him lower" Tsunami
"Where" Ayeka said kind of agitated
" Down there!!!!" Said Tsunami. Tenchi cringes with the feeling replaying
through his mind.
"Oh, what possessed you to do that? Tenchi are you alright?" Kiyone says
having a seat at the table.
"Yea I'm fine. She just didn't have enough control over her self. But we
fixed that didn't we Tsunami?" Tenchi say raising Tsunami's head with his
finger and kissing her.
"Hay, none of that at the table, unless no one else is here and you plan to
use the table for other purposes." Washuu says hitting Tenchi on the head
with a spatula.
"What do you mean by you fixed that Tenchi?" ask Ayeka with a puzzled look
on
her face.
"Well Tenchi was able to hypnotize me and remove my body function anxiety,
about being with him." Tsunami
"Girls I have a surprise for you." Tenchi
"What is it, tell us." They all say at once.
"Well I just happen to get some tickets to an amusement park, and since we
haven't been out of the ship in three days I thought you would enjoy a day
of
fun. What do you think?"
"It sounds like a good idea to me, when do we leave?" Ask Ryoko
"Tenchi where is this amusement park? I don't want to miss out on our
night."
Ayeka
"Well it's in Tokyo, we can head back to the house and use Washuu
dimensional
tunnel to get there. Ayeka you and me will have the greatest time of your
life, I can't wait." Tenchi
"Hay Tenchi out of Washuu, Tsunami, and me who was the best?" Ryoko
"Ryoko I will not dignify that question with an answer!!" Tenchi
"Good answer Tenchi" Says Washuu holding a rather large knife. Tenchi starts
to sweat.
"Wow Tsunami how was last night? What did it feel like to be with Tenchi?"
Mihoshi ask leaning forward at Tenchi.
"It was incredible, I've never felt anything like that. He was very gentile
and looks like a cat when he sleeps." Tsunami
"He didn't hurt you did he?" Ayeka
"No, I mean not on purpose. Sure when we started to… well you know, it
kind
of hurt but you get use to it." Whispering "I just loved it when he began to
finger me."
"Oh Tsunami really, I didn't want to hear that." Ayeka says blushing

Kiyone heads for the bridge of the ship to set the course for the earth.
Tsunami and Ayeka are washing the dishes and talking about her night with
Tenchi. Ryoko and Mihoshi are in the living room watching soap operas, and
Tenchi and Washuu are in the lab talking.

~"Washuu, can you make a watch?"
"Sure, why do you ask?"
"I want to let dad have it."
"As a present to him?"
"Well kind of? Tell me, can you make it with a 2,500 volt, remote shock
system.
"Tenchi, why would you want to give Nobuyoki some thing like that?"
"Well I figured that when we get home he's going to want to ask a lot of
embarrassing questions. So I need a way to shut him up really quick. Do you
think that 2,500 volts is a bit much?"
"Ummmm…yea. Lets try 1,000 volts that's a good number that won't singe his
nose hairs."
"What ever you think is best, but also make it that only you and I can take
it off."
"Alright I'll have it done by tomorrow morning."

The next morning the ship lands in the field next to Tenchi's house.
Nobuyoki
and Yosho are waiting for the newly weds to emerge from the ship.
"Now Nobuyoki try not to embarrass Tenchi, you know how sensitive he can be"
Yosho says watching the door open from the ship.
"I'll try but my son is back from his honey moon. I may not be able to help
my self." Nobuyoki turning to Yosho
" I have a feeling that if you do you'll pay for it." Yosho
"Hay, how are you guys doing down here? What a weekend" Tsunami walking down
the ship stares.
"Gee it's a beautiful day out here." Ryoko hanging around Tenchi's neck.
"Washuu I think I'll let him have the watch now I can feel an embarrassing
question coming right now." Tenchi whispers to Washuu
"If you insist, are you sure you want to do this?"
"Hay Tenchi how was your orgy… I mean honey moon" Nobuyoki. Tenchi's and
the
girl's faces turn a bright red.
"Tenchi I see what you mean, can I have the first shock?" Washuu says taking
the watch and controller in hand.
"Hay dad Washuu and I have a present for you." Tenchi says walking toward
him.
"Really, what is it?" Nobuyoki says looking like a kid on Christmas morning.
"It's a special watch." Tenchi
"Really, what's so special about it?" Nobuyoki
"Put it on and find out." Washuu says with a grim and evil grin.

Nobuyoki slips the gold and silver plated watch on this left hand. Tenchi
presses a blue button on his watch and Nobuyoki's tightens.

"Hay what's going here? Why is it getting so tight?" Nobuyoki
"Washuu would you like to do the honors?" Tenchi smiles
"Thank you?" Washuu replies pressing the red button on Tenchi's watch
"Yooooouuuwwww, sooonnn offff aaaaaaa bbbiiiitttcccchhh. Tenchi what was
that
for?"
"Dad try not to say anything that will embarrass me, OK" Tenchi
"Now I told you that Tenchi would get you for embarrassing him didn't I."
Yosho

The group laughs and enters the house. Tsunami has a seat on the couch and
starts watching soap operas with Ryoko. Kiyone is in the kitchen cooking
lunch, and Mihoshi is asleep in the chair next to Ryoko. Washuu is in the
lab
trying to lower the voltage on Nobuyoki's watch with out removing it, and
Ayeka and Tenchi are in the onsen
~"Tenchi you weren't rough on Tsunami were you?" Ayeka
"Of course not I was very gentile, actually she was rather rough on me."
"When should we head for Tokyo?"
"Well we can take the dimensional tunnel to get there today, rent a beach
house and stay for the week."
"That's a good idea, but will you and I have enough time alone?"
"I'll make sure that we are alone tonight, what do you say we send the other
out to the park? We'll have the house all to our selves and then we can take
a walk on the beach."
"Great, but… lets get started now" Ayeka says wrapping her arms around
Tenchi
and giving him a long passionate kiss."
"As much as I would love to, I don't want to disappoint you, Tsunami really
took a lot out of me last night, so lets wait until we get to the beach
house
and I'll show you the first and best time of your life." Tenchi running his
fingers through Ayeka's hair.

"Tenchi I don't want to wait!" laying another long kiss on him.
"Ayeka trust me, if you wait until tonight you wont be sorry." Pushing her
back slightly.
(Now tell me how in the hell do you pass up a chance like that)

(Later that day.)

"Washuu are we ready to go?" Tenchi
"Any time you're ready, we're ready Tenchi" Washuu
"Oh this is so exciting, I can't wait to hit the beach!!" Tsunami
"Kiyone lets head for the amusement park, as soon as we get there." Mihoshi
"That's a good idea, and we can leave Ayeka and Tenchi alone so they can
have
their night together. By the way, Tenchi can you be with me tomorrow?"
Kiyone
"Sure, as I said all you have to do is ask." Tenchi
"Hay can I come, or is this another part of your honey moon? Please don't
shock me again!!"
"That was a legitimate/ non-embarrassing question and the answer is no. No
you can't come and yes this is a continuation of the honeymoon, which is why
you can't come. But to show you how proud I am that you didn't say something
stupid or embarrassing I'll disconnect the shocking device." Tenchi
"I can't take it any more, now that that's cleared up lets go!" Ayeka, who
is
rather anxious about being with Tenchi that night.
"Alright lets go!!!" Tenchi says in excitement.

Washuu opens the tunnel and the group heads through. They appear at the
registration desk. They pick up their room key and make their selves at
home.
(If you can't tell yet, I'm running out of ideas.)

"Tenchi, will you look at that beautiful ocean view. I can't believe that
this day has finally come Tenchi and I will finally be together." Ayeka
"Well you two have fun, I'm going to the beach, why don't you come with me
Tsunami." Ryoko
"Great, coming Washuu?" Tsunami
" Yea I'll be right there, just let me put the tunnel away." Washuu
"Kiyone lets go sight seeing." Mihoshi
"I'm right behind you!!" Kiyone. The five women leave and Tenchi and Ayeka
are left in the house alone.
"Well Ayeka… um… when would you like to… ah… get started?"
"Lets, go onto the balcony and look at the ocean."

The two have a seat on a beach chair, Tenchi sitting back in the long chair
and Ayeka sitting between his legs leaning back on his chest. Ayeka stares
out into the sea while Tenchi removes her shirt and begins to rub her
shoulders. She starts to breath rapidly as he lowers his hands and unhooks
her bra, still lowering his hand he moves them up and down on her rib cage.
This new action gave Ayeka a sort of tingling feeling.

"Oh… Tenchi this is the first time you and I have ever been alone
together, I
want this to last forever." Ayeka. Exhaling as Tenchi moved his hands up to
cup her breast.
"Does that feel good my love?" Tenchi says kissing her neck.
"Yes… yes… oh… please I need you now." Turning around to face Tenchi
and
rubbing her lone purple hair against his bare chest.

Tenchi lifts her up and caries her into the house placing her on the couch.
She sits up and begins to undo the button on Tenchi's pants and starts to
pull the zipper down. The two switch positions with Ayeka on all fours over
Tenchi, looking up into her large purple eyes he places his hands behind her
back and begins to unzip her skirts. He lowers her skirt and begins to
message her hips.

"Oh… Tenchi more…" she barely makes out panting and clamping her hands
onto
his shoulders. Ayeka sits up and removes Tenchi's pants and boxers. Her eyes
widen as she sees the size of his member.

"Oh… my Tenchi it's, it's so… mmmm" She gets out before Tenchi sends her
a
long passionate kiss.

He then turns her over and removes her panties, looking down at the small
patch of purple hair. She arches her back and pants loudly as he lowers his
head and begins to lick at her nether region. Unable to control herself she
cumes all over Tenchi's face.

"Oh Tenchi I'm sorry I…" Says Ayeka in a scared and apologetic voice.
"Don't worry about it darling, I'm use to it by now. Did you know you taste
like watermelon?" Tenchi says comforting Ayeka who looked down at the ground
in shame.
(Yea I know I know, but the taste thing is a running gag so get, use to it.)

*I hope Ayeka can handle this, I don't want to really hurt her.* Tenchi then
positions his member at the entrance to her virgin pussy.
"Ayeka I want you to grab my hands and hold, on this my hurt for the first
couple of minutes but there will be nothing but pleasure after that, trust
me."

Saying this Tenchi and Ayeka lock their hands together, Ayeka braces her
self
as Tenchi prepares to drive into her. Ayeka lets out an earth-shattering
scream as Tenchi drives his member into her. She starts to cry as he pushes
into the deeper and deeper, her hands tighten and her fingernails dig into
his knuckles ripping the skin and making them bleed.

"Oh Ayeka are you ok, I didn't hurt you did I?"
"No… please… harder… please ten… chi" she pants as their bodies move
in the
similar rhythm.

Tenchi takes a finger and wipes the tear coming down her cheek. Ayeka
inhales
and lifts her head to give Tenchi a kiss, the two unlock hands and Tenchi
lifts her off the couch and carries her over to the kitchen table. She
shivers slightly as her butt makes contact with the cold crystal table,
Tenchi then pulls out a chair and begins to start kissing her feet leading
up
to her thighs. She rubs her hands through his hair as he once again begins
to
suck on her nether lips, Ayeka's body glistens with sweat as Tenchi raises
his hands to her hair and lowers then down to her breast rubbing them
gently.
Climbing onto the table Tenchi rolls on top of Ayeka and kisses her
thrusting
his tong into his mouth.
(Me again, if you have 7 people in one house then you have a rather large
table.)

Lowering his head he begins to suck on her breast licking the tip of the
nipples with his tong. Grabbing his hand she lowers it to her pussy and
slides in two fingers.
*This just isn't working I need Tenchi in me now!!! * Ayeka's mind screams

"Tenchi… I need you in me." Ayeka barely makes out while pulling his hair.

Repositioning him-self, he drives his member into her; she arches his back
and grabs the side of the table as Tenchi pounds into her. Tenchi locks his
arms around her waist and tries to roll her over on top of him. Forgetting
that they were on a table they roll off, Tenchi landing on his back and
Ayeka
pounding onto his member. They both let out a gasp as their bodies press
against each other.

"Oh my… lord Tenchi please again."
"I don't think my back could take that again, as much as I loved it." Tenchi
sits up and grabs Ayeka's waist tilting her to a 68 position. Ayeka begins
pressing up and down, back and forth on Tenchi's member.

(Any one who can tell me what a 68 is please e-mail me)

Tenchi lets out a sigh as her cums injecting into Ayeka and spilling onto
the
floor. Ayeka releases her lock round Tenchi's neck and bangs her head on the
floor, letting out a slight cry as Tenchi once again begins to drive into
her.

End part 3
next the conclusion to the story… a Shocking Ending.

.

 me what a 68 is please e-mail me)

Tenchi lets out a sigh as her cums injecting into Ayeka and spilling onto th
e

floor. Ayeka releases her lock round Tenchi's neck and bangs her head on the


floor, letting out a slight cry as Tenchi once again begins to drive into he
r.

End part 3

next the conclusion to the story… a Shocking Ending.
