Disclaimer: In no way am I taking claim to the characters of Tenchi Muyo! or
any other series involving these characters. They are property of Pioneer and
AIC. I am writing this for entertainment purposes. In other words don't sue
me!

    On this particular morning, there was a group of people of enormous
power
and destruction racing to the Residence of this "family". This group called
itself The Astrals. They were believed to be a group of 9 individuals will
power and abilities unmatched by anything less than a God. They were known
as
mercenaries to the highest bidder they could find and carry out any deed
asked of them. This time no one was paying them, this was personal. In a
run-of-the-mill bar fight in the area known as the Void in space they found
a
man of outstanding power and abilities. They underestimated him, but still
felt that he could pose a small threat. The gave him a simple ultimatum join
or die. This cocky young fellow of an age of only 19 accepted the latter. In
a grueling 4 hour fight that caused the destruction of 5 square miles the
fight was over, not because the impressive young man was dead, not because
his opposition was destroyed, but because no one had anything left to throw.
All the Astrals accomplished in this battle was to learn the origin of this
soldier but at the cost of 3 men. He was from Earth.

    As the Astrals hurled toward Earth in their spaceship, this man was
racing time itself to beat them to his home world. Along with many of his
talents which included energy blasts, flight, dopplegangers, unexplainable
strength, and many more, were dematerialization. Unlike Ryoko, he could
teleport across small galaxies, planet to planet. He pushed himself harder
and faster than anyone could. Tacitly, he made his long journey toward the
planet he use to call home.

    It was an uneventful morning at the Masaki residence, that is until
everyone awoke. Sasami woke early and decided to simply make an early
breakfast for the whole gang. Everyone who could call this place home was
here: Washu was deftly perfecting her ingenuous creations in her lab,
Mihoshi
was starting to nod off on the couch in the living room, beside her sat
Kiyone hard at thought at everything and anything, Ryoko was still in
Tenchi's room talking him out of bed or rather her into it, and Ayeka was
slowly but surely descending the stairs. This unusual collection of people
all sat down to a meal not soon to be forgotten.

"Sasami I don't know how you do it but you manage to top your last meal
every
time", Tenchi said as looked in his bare plate, "I couldn't eat another
bite"

Sasami merely blushed at his complements which were swiftly followed by
everyone's agreement. As everyone was standing up from the table, they heard
a subtle knock on the door. "I wonder who that is", everyone asked looking
puzzled.

Tenchi made his way to the door and attempted to picture who was on the
other
side of this inch and a half thick piece of wood. He opened the door to find
a young man dressed in black from head to toe. He wore a black tee with
baggy
black denim pants, he had straight light brown hair parted in the middle and
it hung below his ears, his eyes were slightly masked behind a pair tinted
glasses but still visible and was wearing a ring on the middle finger of his
left hand. Tenchi slowly asked this stranger "Can I help you?"

This mysterious man dressed in black was quick to respond with the words
"No,
but I can help you."
