( ) = Narrator, me, Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol
Sake= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom
Note I type rather fast and don't catch all my mistakes. Sometimes I may get
the words him and her mixed up. So if things just don't seem to add up
reread
that part.

Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me (I have
no
money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Ficts I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.

The Final part and the long awaited Surprise ending.
In Mihoshi's I put something that I like to call FUN WITH FOOD.
By the way I have gotten tired of writing stories an will try to get this
over as soon as possible, but still keep a story line.
Wedding Nights 2!!

~"Kiyone will you look at that? They look so happy." Mihoshi: walking into
the house and finding Tenchi and Ayeka asleep in each other's arms on the
couch.
"Yea and I can't wait until tomorrow when it's my turn."
"I think we should go to our room so we don't wake them up.
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! (Boom)" She yelled tripping over one of Tenchi's
shoes and hitting her head on the glass table. (It's a really strong table.)
"Mihoshi are you ok!!!!!!???????" Tenchi and Kiyone ask in concern, Ayeka is
worn out and still asleep.
"Oh my head, it's bleeding." Mihoshi
"Quick get over here!!!!!!!!!" Kiyone pulling out a long bandana, Tenchi
left
the room to get dressed and carried Ayeka off and deposited her off to the
bedroom.
"Are you ok?" Tenchi. Mihoshi has lost conscious.
"Tenchi, she's out cold, lets take her to my room. She'll be fine until
Washuu gets home."
"Good, you and I can talk."

Five minuets later… Time 9:00

~"How was you day Kiyone?"
"It was alright but we saw the strangest thing"
"What happen?"
"Well Mihoshi and I were walking by the beach and a hospital and there was a
huge explosion. Next we saw two teenage boys jumping out the 50th story
window of the hospital, one had a green rotating scythe that he used to get
down and the other was using a parachute."
"Really, what happen next?" moving closer.
"Next, he was not going to open his parachute when he did it was too late a
least we thought so until he hit the hill rolled down hit the sand and when
the dust cleared he was just standing there. I herd some girl yell his name
I
think it was……….. um Heero.
(If you can't tell, it's from Gundam Wing the third episode)
"Sounds like you two had a full day, time to relax."
"What did you have in mind?" looking at him with deep affection.
"Well Ayeka said I give a great back rub, want one?"
"Sure."

With that Tenchi moves behind her and starts to rub her shoulders. " Kiyone
you're tense." Tenchi says kissing her neck, quickly her shoulders loosen
and
she turns to return the favor. Tenchi places his hands around her waist and
lifts her shirt over her head. Staring blankly he begins to sweat and he
runs
his hand through her hair.

"Stop Tenchi."
"What's the problem, don't you want to do this?"
"Of course but lets wait until your fully rested. I want your best
tomorrow."
"What ever you say, until tomorrow." Just then Tsunami and the others walk
into the house. "Hay girls what's up?"
"Hi Tenchi, how was it?" Tsunami
"Great, Ayeka is asleep in the room. Washuu we need you to take a look at
Mihoshi, she had a really bad head injury."
"Really, what happen?"
"She tripped over one of my shoes and hit the table. She's in the room."
Tenchi
"Ok I'll take a look at her."

Half an hour later…………………

"Well she has a slight concussion, and a small cut on her forehead but other
than that she'll be fine."
"That's good to heir, how was the beach?" Tenchi
"It was ok, I wish you were there." Ryoko
"We can go tomorrow, did you enjoy your self Tsunami?" Tenchi
"Yea it was great, is Ayeka ok?" Tsunami
"She's fine." Tenchi
"Tenchi when should we get started?" Kiyone
"When ever you'd like darling." Tenchi
"Ok, I hope Mihoshi is going to be alright." Kiyone
"I'll be fine Kiyoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" Mihoshi, who is once again falling
over Tenchi's shoe, luckily Tenchi was standing there and caught her before
she fell to the ground.
"Eh… your going to have to be more careful Mihoshi!!!!!!" Tenchi, scolding
her.
"Sorry, I have a slight headache." Mihoshi
"I'm sorry, I just can't stand to see any of you get hurt." Tenchi
"Oh… it's ok Tenchi, I forgive you." Mihoshi hugging Tenchi.
"Hay, what's going on here, Mihoshi what happen to your head?" Ayeka:
emerging from the bedroom.
"Mihoshi had a accident." Tsunami
"Well are you ok?" Ayeka
"Yea, I'll be fine by tomorrow. I just need to sit down."
"It's been a long day, I'm going to bed I'll see you later." Washuu: walking
down the hall and into her bedroom.
"Yea, I have to wake up early and start breakfast." Tsunami
"Hay, Tsunami don't worry about that we'll go out to eat in the morning."
Tenchi.
"That would be great, good night." Tsunami
"Mihoshi you should get some sleep, Tenchi I'll be right back." Kiyone.
"Good night Tenchi, ow my head." Mihoshi
" I hope you feel better in the morning, good night." Tenchi

Kiyone came back and she Tenchi and Ayeka talked until 12:30 then went to
bed. (separately)

The next morning Tenchi and the other left and went to a rather fancy
restaurant for breakfast, where Mihoshi knocked over a waiter and spilled a
cup of hot coffee on Kiyone's foot.  After eating they headed for the
amusement park.

"Ok, what ride would you like to go on first?" Tenchi
"Tenchi, lets go on the Farris Wheel." Ayeka.
"Are you kidding, Tenchi and I are going of go on the roller coaster." Ryoko
"Wait one minute, Tenchi lets go through the tunnel of love" Kiyone
"No wait, the water slide." Tsunami
"Lets go on the Tilt -A-Whirl." Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi your dizzy enough already." Washuu
After a day full of fun rides, good food, and Mihoshi causing several
accidents and breaking 3 rides they left and went for a walk on the beach.

"Hay sweetheart, want to go have some fun, lets ditch this blockhead and
hang
out with my friends and me."  Guy1 on the beach.
"Get away from me you thug." Ayeka
"Hay, can you leave my wife alone?" Tenchi with an angry look.
"Sorry man, hay you with the cool hair come with us." Guy 2
"Back off jerk, I'm with him." Ryoko
"Cool, Ok you two are coming with us." Said guy 1, He and guy2 grabbed
Tsunami and Kiyone's hands and begin to walk away. Tenchi steps forward and
punches guy1 in his jaw and knocks him to the ground, Kiyone punches guy2 in
the chest and troughs him on his head.
"Now net me get something across to you and your friends. All six of these
women are my wives and I love them dearly, now leave us alone or we are
going
to hurt you!!!!!!!!!"  Tenchi: who has drawn his sword.
"Oh my head, ok ok we're leaving just don't hurt us any more." Guy2 getting
up and running off.
"Oh Tenchi you were so brave." Ayeka
"It's was nothing, they had it coming." Tenchi
"He should be happy I didn't get a hold of him." Ryoko
"It could have been worse for them." Mihoshi
"Really, Mihoshi tell me how could it get worse for them." Kiyone
"They could have hit Tenchi, then Ryoko and Ayeka would have killed them."
"You have a point, lets go home I've had enough excitement for tonight."
Tsunami.
"Ok, we can walk through the park on the way home." Tenchi. The group
started
their walk and half way through they ran into an unexpected visitor.
"Tenchi, it's been so long." Sakuya who jumps into his arms and gives him a
long passionate kiss. Ryoko moves in for the kill and is going to punch
Sakuya in the back of the head. Tenchi, who catches her out of the corner of
his eye, pushes Sakuya down and catches Ryoko's fist.
"Ryoko she didn't know, stop." Tenchi taking hold of Ryoko.
"I didn't know what?" Sakuya, who looks down at Ryoko's hand and notices her
wedding ring.
"That I was married." Tenchi
"You married Ryoko? I'm so happy for you." Sakuya
"Not just Ryoko." Tenchi
"Ayeka too."
"Keep going, this may take a wile." Tsunami
"You married all of them, who is that?" Sakuya
"Who, her oh that's Tsunami, Sasami's second form." Tenchi
"Pleased to meet you. Well I'm vary happy for you all." Sakuya

Tenchi and the others said their good-byes to Sakuya and head to the beach
house. The others have gone to their bedrooms and Tenchi and Kiyone are in
the kitchen sitting at the table and are waiting for the throbbing to leave
their hands.
"Kiyone how's you hand?"
"Fine and your?"
"It's ok, you're really strong."
"Thanks, and you have a mean right hook."
"Thanks" Tenchi then moves over to Kiyone and gives her a kiss.

Kiyone reaches over returns his kiss with one of her own. Tenchi looks into
her eyes and begins to unbutton her shirt and slides it off. He picks her
places the bowl of ice in her hands and carries her over to the couch and
lays her down, Kiyone reaches up and kisses him once again. Tenchi takes an
ice cube and runs it across her stomach and chest; she shivers as the ice
glides across her chest and into her mouth. Placing a hand on her lips he
leads a finger down to her pants and unbuttons them, with a slight sigh she
runs her fingers through his hair. Sliding her pants and panties off he take
another piece of ice and runs it from her neck across her chest down to her
neither region. Kiyone inhaled deeply as Tenchi slid two of his fingers into
her pussy and moves them in and out, she places her hands on his chest and
moves down to unbutton his pants. Looking down upon her he gives her a long
kiss; he then places his hands on her shoulders and begins to rub them
gently. Picking up another ice cube he circles her nipples and begins to
suck
on them.

Kiyone has finally gotten Tenchi's pants off and has removed his boxers, he
turns her over on the couch and sets her on his member, a slight cry is let
out as Tenchi forces her down on his member. Screams of pain and pleasure
echo through out the house as she bounces up and down on Tenchi, he sits up
and take hold of one of her breast an begins to message and suck on it. Once
again he turns her over and begins to drive into her with greater force, she
pants and moans as he cums into her. Kiyone pushes him onto his back and
begins to suck on his half hard cock, circling the head with her tong.
Tenchi
is fighting not to cum in Kiyone's mouth. "Tenchi it's ok, go ahead." With
that Tenchi stopped fighting his urges and explodes in Kiyone's mouth.
Tenchi
stopped her and laid her on her back so he could return the favor. Lowering
his head between her legs Tenchi stuck his tong into her pussy and started
to
lick around, she panted and screamed as he moves his tong around French
kissing the area. With this new action it sent her strait into an orgasm and
cuming into his mouth, "yummy… Kiyone you taste like honey." Both of them
were spent and lying on the couch, getting his bearings back Tenchi scoops
up
Kiyone and carried her into the bedroom. He gives her a kiss and lies down
beside her, the two close their eyes and drift to sleep in each other's
arms.

The Next Morning

"Man, you two were loud, even I didn't scream that much." Ryoko
"Shut up Ryoko, I was enjoying myself!!" Kiyone
"So how was it Tenchi?" Tsunami
"It was incredible, last night was near the top of my charts." Tenchi
"Tenchi, can we go the beach again today." Mihoshi.
"Sure it's your day, why not." Tenchi
"I hope those guys from last night aren't their." Tsunami
"You don't have to worry about them, Tenchi and I can take care of them
easily enough." Ryoko
"But still they were rather rude, and tried to run off with Kiyone and
Tsunami." Washuu.
"You all know I wont let any thing bad happen to you." Tenchi
"Oh my night in shining armor." Ryoko wrapping her arms around his neck.
"Ryoko, will you let Tenchi go?" Ayeka
"Why, he's my husband too." Ryoko
"No fighting, we'll talk about this later." Tenchi: taking a sip of coffee.

Later that day… at the Beach again.

Ayeka, Ryoko, and Kiyone are working on a tan; Tenchi and Mihoshi are flying
kites. Tsunami is swimming and watching some boats go by, and Washuu is
having a drink at a beach bar. All of a sudden Ayeka, Ryoko, and Kiyone are
confronted by a small group of young men.

"Hay girls why don't you come with us? We'll have some fun!!" YM1
"I'm sorry who ever you are, but were are married." Ayeka
"So, your husbands don't have to know. Where are they we'll take care of
them, and then we can go and you can come with us." YM2
"Our husband, Tenchi, is over there and your not going to lay a hand on
him."
Ryoko.
"You mean the guy with that girl over there, the one with the kite???????"
YM3
"Yea, that's him." Kiyone
"Alright, were going to go over there and kick his ass real quick and then
well leave and take you with us." YM4
"Hay Tenchi, these guy's are harassing us and said that they would kick your
ass and leave with us. Can we… you know?" Ryoko. Tenchi looks over, sighs,
and nodes his head. With that action Ayeka, Ryoko, and Kiyone stand up,
Ryoko
grabs Young man 1 and 2 by the throat fly them out to sea and deposit them
in
shark infested water after cutting their hands with an energy blade. Kiyone
grabs #3 by his shoulders and jams her knee into his groin them picks him up
and troughs him to a waiting Ryoko who send him with the other two, Ayeka
shoves her elbow into #4 gut, grabs his leg, swings him around and tosses
him
to Ryoko who drops him with the others. They look to Tenchi nod their heads
and lay back down. Tenchi reaches over and gives Mihoshi a kiss, she turns
around and smiles. Washuu walks over and has a seat with Ayeka and the
others.

"Ayeka, if you tossed him at a 45 degree angle he would have fallen in the
same spot that Ryoko dropped him, but any way nice work you guys." Washuu
"Thanks, we'd never let any harm come to Tenchi." Ayeka
"Tenchi I'm tired lets go." Tsunami, walking up to Tenchi.
"Yea, we've been here for hours." Tenchi
"Great, need a drink any way." Mihoshi.
"What should we do when we get home?"
"I have an idea, Tenchi why don't we (Whispering)" Mihoshi. Tenchi chocks
and
Mihoshi pats him on the back.

Back at the House……………………


Washuu and Ryoko are having a drinking contest, Tenchi and Mihoshi are
talking. Ayeka and Kiyone are taking the dimensional tunnel to the Onsen,
and
Tsunami is taking a on the deck. (this is a Beach House).

"Well………  ah that's 21." Ryoko, downing another shot of Sake.
"22 keep going Ryoko." Washuu, slamming her shot glass on the table."
"Tenchi, when should he get started?" Mihoshi
"As a always say, it's your day you decide." Tenchi
"Lets get the rest of them out of here." Mihoshi
"Ok, hay Washuu Ryoko, Mihoshi and I are going to get started. So why don't
you go too a Bar I saw."

Washuu and Ryoko leave and Tenchi and Mihoshi are in the bedroom.
"Tenchi you wait here, I'll go get the supplies." Mihoshi in a sensual voice
"Right." Tenchi gets undressed. Mihoshi comes back with a tray. The Tray
contains: a can of whipped cream, and a bowl of strawberries. Mihoshi walks
in wearing a black nightgown, Tenchi takes one of the strawberries and bites
into it. Mihoshi slips the nightgown off and sets down beside Tenchi, Tenchi
bites another berry rubes it against Mihoshi breast and begins to lick the
juice off. She sighs and brings him close to her, she runs her fingers
through his hair in ecstasy as he smears whipped cream on her stomach and
licks it off. She bites off a piece of strawberry and gives Tenchi a kiss
twirling the strawberry around in his mouth. Tenchi lowers a hand down to
her
groin area and begins to massage the area then removes her panties. Mihoshi
removes Tenchi's boxers, dips his member in whipped cream and begins to suck
on it. His eyes roll into the back of his head in pleasure and he cums in
her
mouth, she tries to swallow every bit. Regaining his composer he lowers his
head and starts to French kiss her nether lips. Her head is swimming as she
cums in his mouth. (I've run out of taste ok). Tenchi spreads Mihoshi's legs
and inserts his member into her. She lets out a gasp and a yell that rung in
Tenchi's ears. It wasn't long before they came to their climax, but Tenchi
still kept going. Tenchi was driving into Mihoshi with even greater force.
Tenchi comes to a second climax and falls onto Mihoshi's chest.

Then next morning………………………

"What a mess." Tenchi walks out of the shower. There is whipped cream all
over the place, strawberries on the ceiling. Tenchi walks over to Mihoshi
and
shakes her gentily. "Wake up sleepy head." Tenchi
"Oh Tenchi that was fun. I can't wait until next time." Mihoshi getting
dressed and kissing Tenchi.
 Tenchi and Mihoshi leave the room and meet the others in the living room.
"Tenchi have a good night, and you Mihoshi." Kiyone
"Well I can't complain, it was as good as the others. Perfect." Tenchi
"It was great, I'd never had so much fun." Mihoshi: pulling a strawberry out
her hair.

Two weeks later…………..

It is 8:00 a.m., everyone is at the table eating and talking. There have
been
48 sexual encounters, and Tenchi is wiped out. Tsunami and Kiyone are
talking
amongst them selves. Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting over Tenchi yet again.
Washuu is typing at her computer and Mihoshi is just thinking.

"Tenchi…… Tsunami and I need the car later." Kiyone
"Sure but what for?" Tenchi
"We have a doctor appointment later today." Tsunami
"I can check you out." Washuu
"We rather you not, not that we don't trust you but, well never mind."
Kiyone
"Ok, see you later."
"Well I'm going to take a nap." Mihoshi
"I'll see you later, I'm going to the onsen." Ayeka
"Wait I'll join you." Ryoko
"See yea later" Washuu
"Hold on, I'll come too." Tenchi

That night at dinner …………

Everyone is back, there have been 5 more sexual encounters, and Tsunami and
Kiyone are surprisingly quite. They are back at the table for dinner and
it's
just too quite. Tenchi is thinking and sipping some tea.

"Tenchi, everyone, Tsunami and I have an announcement to make."
"Well um………… Tenchi……… Kiyone are……… un ……………
have a baby." Tsunami
barely gets out. Tenchi doesn't move. The others are celebrating and Tenchi
still hasn't moved.
"Um Washuu I think Tenchi is in a state of shock." Ayeka waving her hand in
front of his face, still no reaction. Finally Tenchi moves and falls to the
ground.
They pick Tenchi up and carry him over to the couch, he wakes up and is
greeted by Tsunami and Kiyone, The three hug and talk, Ryoko and Washuu have
broken open the wine cabinet and a party has started.

The end ?? I am finished with this that was my last one. Now there was
someone else that wanted to write a part 2 to my story. Anything after this
belongs to him.
