Kris "Bizarre" Benfolio
BizarreTenchi@aol.com
Tenchi Adventures-Chapter 4- "A Man is Greeted by His Care Takers"


Jase awakens to creaking floorboards as a very rested yet still sleepy
Sasami
treks her way to the kitchen with a hopping Ryo-Ohki in tow. Jase raises his
head from the couch and peered over the back and watched Sasami finish the
last stair and start making her way to the kitchen. Sasami, wiping the sleep
from her eyes, hit the light switch in the kitchen. Jase silently stood and
stretched and let out a soft yawn "Man, for some reason I'm still a little
tired." Jase made it to the door way to the kitchen and peered into the room
to see Sasami searching the cabinets for a possible breakfast meal to
prepare
as Ryo-Ohki was peering into the cabinet with her. Jase wanted to have an
entrance, as he did feel good about not being dead, but nothing came to
mind.
He thought about materializing in the cabinet or just walking up behind her
and tapping her on the shoulder. Undecided Jase took the easy way out, he
stepped into the room and said "Good morning Sasami."

Sasami spun around on hearing the voice, at first she didn't recognize it,
but as the phrase replayed in her mind she knew it was Jase. "Jase!" Sasami
squealed as she charged at Jase. Jase kneeled a bit as he knew she was going
to hug him. She wrapped her small arms around him, he in turn did the same.
Despite her size Sasami had quite the hug. His ribs no longer hurt and
slight
pain was all that was left of the injuries he obtained almost ten days ago.
Sasami chuckled as she hugged him, she was relieved of all the tension she
had built up in this over a week period. Jase was happy too and to make
Sasami feel better only increased the feeling. Happiness, it was all pretty
strange to Jase, happiness was almost a fairy tale to him. He thought that
he
would never be happy because of someone else, well despite two people. On
being Tsunami and the other being.... "I'm so happy you're all right! Are
you
okay? Are you sore? Did I hurt you?" Sasami questioned.

"Calm down Sasami, I'm fine, in fact, I'm better than fine. I feel really
good." As his statement echoed in his mind, he realized that maybe here they
would accept him and he would be happy. Sasami resumed her crushing hug, as
Jase softly said in her ear, "Be careful, as strong as you are, you just
might break me." Sasami giggled and playfully attempted to double her
efforts, but she was already using everything she had and Jase was lightly
rubbing the small of her back. Ryo-Ohki began meowing and Jase playfully
said
"I'm happy to see you to Ryo-Ohki" and the jealous cabbit moved in and
nuzzled on Jase's leg.

After a few more moments Sasami loosened her grasp and looked Jase in the
eyes "You know, you really scared us."

"I didn't mean to."

"I know you didn't. But thanks for saving us especially Ryoko and my
sister."

"Your welcome, I'm glad I could be of help."

"From what I heard, you did almost all of the fighting."

"I did every thing I could."

"Hmm. Would you like some breakfast?"

"Not really."

"You've been in a coma for quite a while you should really eat something."

"I could but, I don't need to eat. I regenerate all my power all on my own,
so I never have to eat, I usually would eat every once in a while or if I
got
sick."

"You get sick?"

"Yeah, I'm not indestructible. I maybe able to fight people like that, but
even I can't escape the common cold." Sasami only laughed at the statement.

"Well, atleast sit with us at the table, I'm sure everyone will have a ton
to
ask you."

"I guess so. I can do that."

"I'm going to have to start breakfast soon so it will be ready, so just go
sit on the couch. My sister should be down in a little while. Why isn't
Washu
up here with you?"

"She's probably still asleep."

"So you woke up in the lab by yourself?"

"Not exactly Washu was asleep beside the bed."

"Oh. Well, I better get started." With that the Jurian princess began to hum
a tune and started her task of making breakfast for the still sleeping
residence of the household. Jase made his way back to the couch and sat
down.
Ayeka then appeared at the top of the stairs and began to descend, proving
Sasami to be true to her word. When Ayeka reached the base of the stairs she
proceeded to make her way to the couch as she rounded the arm she saw Jase
and her eyes went wide.

"Jase!" Ayeka walked over to Jase and Jase stood. Ayeka very gently put her
arms around Jase and gently hugged him as if he were made of glass. Jase put
his arms around her and hugged her back as gentle as she was hugging him.
Jase mentally was debating if she was doing this because she thought he was
still injured or if this is how the petite princess showed her affection.
After a few moments she pulled away and Jase let his fingers trace her back
and sides until his arms were from around her. Jase looked at Ayeka and for
some reason her face had slightly flushed and she looked as if she wanted to
say something but the words wouldn't come. Rather than rack his brain trying
to figure out what he had done, Jase motioned to the couch and Ayeka took
the
seat. Jase sat down next to her but left a comfortable amount of space
between them. Ayeka still flushed started to say what was on her mind
"Jase... I - I would like ... like to thank..."

"Your welcome." Ayeka was stunned at his quickness, it wasn't rude. In fact,
he was sparing her from actually finishing her statement.

"Are you okay Jase?"

"I feel perfect. Can I ask you something?"

"Of course."

"Why are you blushing?"

Her shade of pink was fading until he asked then her cheeks became
completely
flushed. "I - I"

"It's okay you don't have to answer."

"I want to, you asked."

"That's sweet, but you really don't have to." Ayeka just blushed and tried
to
relax, she was quickly realizing that, other than seeing if he was okay was
the only question she was willing to ask, conversation was going to become
difficult. "Relax Ayeka, I don't bite, I promise."

"I know, its just I'm so happy to see that you are okay."

"I apologize for having you all worry like that."

"Nonsense, you saved our lives we owe you a deep debt of gratitude."

"I wouldn't even ask for a thank you and believe you already thanked me."

"How did I do that?" Ayeka said beginning to relax.

"You gave me that hug."

"Oh." As the conversation continued Ayeka found herself staring at Jase,
though they were talking to one another she wasn't merely maintaining a
polite eye contact she was losing herself in his eyes. His eyes were a pale
blue that almost looked gray, she was subconsciously comparing it to the
moon. She then followed his face up to see his hair. Jase's hair now was
gray
and pulled back into a pony tail that reached the middle of his back, his
bangs slightly hid his face as strands hung down to about his nose.
Unbeknownst to her Jase was doing the exact same. He stared in to her ruby
colored eyes which were amplified by her silky amethyst hair. The
conversation dwindled as the couple were at a loss for words. As they sat
looking at one another, Mihoshi appeared at the back of the couch and
indirectly announced her presence with a yawn. Ayeka was startled by her
abrupt awakening from her semi-fantasy.

Jase simply turned, and mentally shook his head, to Mihoshi and said "Good
morning Mihoshi."

"Jase!!!" She then threw herself at him. Literally she jumped over the back
of the couch and basically tackled Jase although he was already seated. The
bronze GP officer wrapped her arms around the young warrior and squeezed him
into her. Jase wasn't actually going to complain, she was pulling Jase into
her chest, but unfortunately the way she landed in his lap wasn't the most
comfortable position to be in with Ayeka staring at Mihoshi's flagrant
reaction. Mihoshi was basically sitting in Jase's lap and she had her legs
crossed behind his back. The intimate contact was extremely arousing but,
Jase didn't want to offend Ayeka, but didn't want to hurt Mihoshi by pushing
her off of him. Jase thought very quick and wrapped his arms gently around
Mihoshi.

He tilted his head until his mouth was at her ear and Jase very sweetly and
calmly whispered to Mihoshi "I can't breathe." The quirky officer released
Jase and stood up and apologized and Jase told her "Don't worry about it
Mihoshi."

All of a sudden Washu's interdimensional door crashed open and Washu popped
out and yelled "Has anyone seen... There you are!"

"Everyone has to be somewhere." Jase said remembering a quote he heard.

"True, come back to my lab so we can completely give you a clean bill of
health."

"Didn't I have a clean bill of health except for the fact of being
unconscious?"

"I want to make sure you won't slip back into the coma or have any side
effects. Doctor's orders."

"Well, if they are doctor's orders how can I not obey?" Jase said very
sarcastically but with playful intentions. They felt this was a little odd,
but it was hard to think that this person before them could be so serious
one
moment and joke around the next, and he had a jovial sense of humor because
of his youth yet he was wise beyond his years, overall he was a very complex
person.

Sasami poked her head out of the kitchen "Keep it short Washu, you promised
to be at breakfast."

"It should take long Sasami, smells great."

"Okay"

"Come with me Jase."

"Oh, everyone Kiyone is probably going to make breakfast."

"How did you know that?" The group asked.

"Well, when I woke up, I checked on everyone and I noticed Kiyone wasn't
here. I also found out that the Yagami was gone, I scanned for Kiyone and
found her and went there-"

"How did you just go there?" Washu asked very curiously.

"I teleported."

"Teleported, like dematerialization and then you moved, that must have taken
you a while."

"Actually, it's a lot like that except I do it probably 100s of times
faster.
It took me about 5 seconds to get there and she was just a ways from
Jupiter."

"Wow! Really! Lets talk in my lab."

"Okay." Jase and Washu leave and enter the lab.

As Jase follows Washu to where his bed was and all of her medical equipment,
Washu changes into her adult form, but doesn't turn around or say anything.
Jase simply follows her, all of a sudden Washu spins around and pulls Jase
into her. Her eyes are watery like she's about to cry. "Jase." Washu says in
a very broken tone.

"Yes, Washu. What's wrong?"

"It's just that, I don't understand how you survived, by all rights those
wounds should have killed you. How did you survive?"

"It wasn't all me, you helped to, I was surprised too when I woke up, I
thought I was going to die like that, face down in the dirt, but when I woke
up in the bed and with you asleep next to me, I knew you had to have saved
me
somehow."

Washu pulled Jase tighter into her and she rested her head on his shoulder.
Jase gently but with reassurance rubbed circles on her soft back. Washu
whispered in Jase's ear "I - I am falling in love again." Jase simply runs
his fingers around her back. Washu pulls back a little and the pair's eyes
met, her emerald eyes shimmered with her tears Jase runs his hand up her
back
across her neck and cups her cheek. Washu nuzzles his soft hand and Jase
stares into her and says "I can't stand to see anyone cry." And then he
gently kissed her. Their lips met with melting love and passion, Washu began
to press herself into him more and more. Jase's hand returned to her back
and
he pulled her into him as well. Washu slowly worked her tongue to Jase's
mouth, she thought he may resist a little, but to her surprise he gave her
access without a moments hesitation and began to massage her tongue with
his.
As their tongues danced their hands roamed each other. As they continued to
become more and more physical, Washu began to sigh and pant, they continued
this act until a high pitched voice shouted "Hurry Washu! Your breakfast is
going to get cold!"

"Well, I guess you check out just fine Jase."

"Did you plan that or play that from ear?"

"I played it by ear." Washu said with a hint of mischief.

"Well, I think you play well." Jase said with his jovial charm and his arms
still around Washu, they kissed each other again and made their way to the
exit arm in arm. When they reach the door Jase offers her the open door with
a gratuitous bow while saying "Ladies first." Washu began to protest until
she realized her form, as she was about to transform back Jase objected "I
like this form better but you are still the same person no matter what form
you take."

"For you I'll stay like this." As she kissed him making her way through the
door.

The pair made their way to the table walking close together, when they reach
it the noticed that Tenchi had joined the trio of Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi
making it a quartet. Upon entering the room, Jase noticed that Ryoko wasn't
there "Is Ryoko still sleeping?"

Sasami politely "She usually sleeps in and makes it to lunch."

"Oh, okay." Jase answers slightly disappointed.

"I can go wake her up." Mihoshi chirped.

"That's okay, let her sleep. From what Kiyone told me, you all were pretty
worried about me."

"Yeah, Washu didn't know if you were going to wake up." Tenchi spoke up.

"Sorry about that, I didn't mean to worry you all."

"Please don't apologize Jase. We are the ones who owe you." Ayeka said
joining the conversation.

"Don't mention it, I'm glad to be of help." As the group takes seats Jase
remains standing for a few reasons: 1) he didn't plan on eating 2) If he sat
closer to one of them, it would show favoritism. He didn't want to make any
waves, even more so because of his being awake for only hours, he was still
a
guest, in his mind, in the house. When Ayeka questioned him on why he was
still standing, Jase being the quick witted person he was answered "I don't
want to take anyone's place at the table, besides I'd rather stand, my
muscles are a little sore from laying still for such a long time."

"Well, okay." Ayeka answered, trusting Jase was being honest, which he was,
the longer he had been awake the more his muscles were bothering him.

"Nonsense Jase, you can sit next to me." Washu said winking seductively at
him.

"That's all right Washu, thanks for offering though." Jase answered with a
charming smile as he thought to himself "Well, if they think I'm charming
now, I might as well kick it up a notch so I don't hurt their feelings when
I
have to say no."

"Okay, it's your choice."

"I'm sorry, it's just I feel a little strange right now. I'm still a guest,
I
don't want to over stretch my boundaries."

"Yeah, to you, you've only been here a very short while. But to us we've
been
worried sick for more than a week." Washu replied.

Jase then looked down almost like a look of defeat before he very softly
said
"I'm sorry."

"Washu" Ayeka politely scolded, Washu was beginning to realize that Jase
actually did feel quite bad about keeping them worried.

"Sorry Jase, I didn't mean it like that."

"I know. Don't worry about it." As soon as Jase said it he felt really bad
for using "worry." But it appeared no one else really noticed.

Sasami broke the tension "Are you sure you're not going to eat Jase? I made
plenty."

"Thanks but no thanks Sasami, it smells wonderful though." As Jase's smile
returned it seemed to lighten the mood.

"Sasami is a very good cook Jase, you should try it some time."

"I know, I've been told by a few people that she is an excellent cook."

"Who?" The group asked.

Jase quickly shot back "I'll tell you tomorrow, I'd like to atleast stay
here
for a day."

"Why do you think that we would make you leave, I doubt it's something that
bad. I mean look at Ryoko's past, she did some bad things." Tenchi replied.

"She didn't do those under her own power for the most part and the things
she
did do wasn't completely her fault."

"Oh. You seem to know a lot of Ryoko's past."

"Yes, I do."

"But aren't you only 19? How do you know?"

"I know people who know."

"Oh."

The group began Sasami's meal by definition was almost a feast. For someone
who was scavenging the pantry for something to fix, Sasami came up with a
lot
of things to make, an hour later and much conversation, mostly about past
thing that went on in the Masaki household and adventures they had gone on,
and it surprised them that Jase actually knew of some of them. They didn't
know how he knew all this and when they asked he simply said he would tell
them tomorrow. After their hearty breakfast the group made there way out to
the living room.

"Well, if you're not going to tell us who you know, how about just what you
did in the void." Washu inquired.

"I can do that."

"Then please continue." Washu answered.

"Well, basically I worked in a bar in the void 6 days a week. I lived in an
apartment not to far from where I worked, well it wasn't mine, it was my
friends and I only moved in after being in the void for two months."

"Where did you live before you moved into the apartment?"

"The alley beside the bar, well, I basically slept in a back room in the bar
but sometimes I had to sleep outside."

"Oh my." Ayeka spoke up.

"Yeah, I'm no prince and I've never lived like one and it sounds a lot worse
than it was, I mean I didn't mind and I don't actually sleep all that much."

"I noticed that when I ran some tests, you have some very strange
properties,
most I've never seen before."

"I'm unique, even I don't understand why I'm as powerful as I am, I mean no
one else I'm related to has any powers and look at me. For the most part I
only need 5 to 6 hours of sleep a week, I usually caught an hour every night
and I was fine."

"When you left Earth, did you go straight to the void?" Ayeka asked.

"Basically, though I wasn't there for too long. Do any of you know of the
Tolan Wars?"

"Of course, they ended about 6 years ago and they lasted for about 120.
Juria
often had to stop them from destroying neighboring planets. The Tolan and
Mitors got very desperate and would often round up innocent people and put
them into there battles on the front lines of deadly warzones. The Jurian
empire help aid the two civilizations to come to a fair agreement and we all
rejoiced when the fighting stopped. But why do you mention that?" Ayeka
questioned.

"I was one of hundreds that were rounded up and put into battle. I was put
on
the front line on Milo 4. I saw battle upon battle and so much violence and
fighting and killing and death, that I even try to stay awake sometimes to
avoid flash backs. Those wars were terrible on a young impressionable mind.

"How old were you when you were put into battle?" Ayeka asked, quite
concerned as she had heard many a tale of how horrible the conditions there
were and it wasn't to uncommon for hundreds of thousands to die in a single
day on the multiple planets in this war.

"I wasn't even 14 yet. It was a miracle that I survived two years of the war
before it had ended, I was the only person in my unit that lasted that long
and the worst part was, that on the last day of battle I wasn't even the
youngest on the field. I remember looking out the window of the transport
and
looking over the barren wasteland that the planet had been turned into,
there
were no trees and the water was an orange caused by rusting metal and blood,
it was all too much to bear, I was in battle for 756 days roughly 2 years
and
a month, and I know that almost anyone who stood at my side died. What are
the odds that I would make it out of there? The image of the planet and days
of fighting will be forever engraved in my memory. The worst part of it all
was that, in the time I had spent there, I rarely said anything other than
get down or look out. War can basically kill you without having you die, I
was barely a person when I left there. When they dropped me back off at the
void the first thing I did was go back to the bar I worked at. When I walked
through the door my boss barely recognized me and was extremely happy to see
me. He didn't know what had become of me he gave me back my job and told me
that they had turned into a performance bar, whenever he could find a band
or
someone with a comedy act he would have perform. I don't know exactly when
it
started, I was always a big music person, but in my spare time I learned to
play all the instruments I could get my hands on. My power is so much
greater
and refined now than it was then. Back then I basically had strength speed
and my telepathic abilities which I relied heavily on in the war. That's
probably made me so insane while I was there, I knew a shot was fired and I
knew where it was going to hit but I never could save anyone but myself.
Anyway, this guy came to the bar one night and then he came every night, I
served him what he asked for probably for two weeks straight until we
started
talking. We hung out together and I taught him how to play and he became an
extremely good drums player. We made a band and played a lot, one night he
saw me go out to the alley to go sleep and he told me to just come and live
at his house, the idea of having a roof over my head was to inticing to
refuse. So we ended up being really good friends and it went on for a while
like that until one night there was a huge fight at the bar and he saw my
power. When we went to go crash at his house, he showed me his power and he
had a power that greatly surpassed mine, we began to train and quickly my
power grew and refined. Eventually I became a better fighter than he was but
we remained good friends. A few moths ago another person showed up at the
bar
and became a regular, me and my friend started talking to this new person
and
we all hit it off because of certain past things. Eventually she moved in
and
we became a trio, in her spare time I taught her to play bass and she
quickly
mastered it. Then probably two weeks ago she had something she had to go do
and told us she'd be back and a week ago my friend told me about the
assassination attempt on Sasami and Ayeka so I fought the Astrals and did
what I could and then came here and the rest you know."

"You've seen a lot in your life." Washu said with a whimsical look.

"More than I care to remember, but the past is part of who we are, if that
hadn't of happened to me, I wouldn't be here with you all. I suppose life
tries to make up for all the bad it does sometimes."

"When did you meet Tsunami then?" Sasami asked curiously.

"Oh, I met her after I came back from the war and had been living in the
alley for a little while."

"Did she just appear out of no where or did something happen?" Sasami
prodded.

"Well, I'll tell you this. I'm not happy about it, but you have to realize I
was in a really hard part of my life, I just was freed from seeing thousands
killed and killing thousands myself, and I returned to live on the street."

"Go on." Sasami and the others encouraged.

"Well, I was about to commit suicide. I got really drunk and I was going to
slit both of my wrists with my sword and just before my wrist touch the
blade, I was transporting on to Tsunami the Ship and Tsunaim stopped me. I
lived there for about a month before returning to the void."

"Why did you leave?"

"I just couldn't be there anymore, I was use to roaming and I wasn't use to
having someone caring about me, it was all too strange. The day before I
left
we talked for hours and Tsunami gave me this ring and told me it would bring
me luck and bring me back to her when I was ready. I don't really know what
she meant, but it has brought me luck."

Ryoko spoke up and no one noticed her at the balcony, "Whoa."

"Huh? Oh, good morning Ryoko." Jase said politely.

"Good morning to you, have a good sleep?" Ryoko said playfully.

"I guess. How about you?"

"Yeah, would have been better if I wasn't so worried about someone that has
no reguard for themselves." Ryoko said with a wink.

"Or more reguard for the people around him." Jase said with a smile. Ryoko
glided from the balcony and sat very close to Jase almost touching him. Jase
wasn't going to move in fact he's glad she did, because then he didn't make
the move. Ayeka was going to say something to Ryoko but noticed her
proximity
to Tenchi and didn't want to argue in front of Jase. Tenchi was glad that
Jase had awaken and that his presence was actually causing less fights, the
battling duo of Ayeka and Ryoko hadn't really fought since his arrival and
now that he was awake was still continuing since they were both awake and in
the same room and no fight had broken out. The group told Ryoko good morning
and she in turn did the same, even to Ayeka as Tenchi thought "Why hadn't
Jase shown up sooner?" Do you all think that we could go outside it's nice
out?" Jase suggested.

Tenchi spoke up "Yeah, it's unseasonable warm out, we should take advantage
of it. Plus I think we've all been in the house a little to long anyway."

"I agree." The rest of the group thought aloud.

"Only if Jase is going to join us this time." Ryoko said casually taking his
arm and leaning closer.

"I will." Jase said taking her hand and intertwining his fingers with hers
taking Ryoko a little by surprise.

"Well, lets go outside." Tenchi said.

"I'll go get the blanket." Sasami yelled.

"Don't worry about that Sasami. I got that covered." (another crappy pun)
Jase said.

The group headed outside and Jase materialized a very spacious and soft
blanket but not a lot of it was used as the group sat close together in a
circle. They sat in this order Jase, Ryoko, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi,
and Washu being at Jase's side. Just as they started to talk to Yagami
entered view and landed and the group rose and went to meet the other
resident officer. Kiyone walked out of an airlock and said "Hmm. It isn't to
often I'm given this kind of welcoming." The group welcomes her and they all
make there way to the blanket. The only thing that changed was that Kiyone
was seated between Mihoshi and Washu, because neither Washu or Ryoko was
going to surender their seat next to Jase. The group sat like that and
talked
for hours. Jase materialized food and drinks for everyone and they told
stories until the sun fell and thew moon brightened the sky. The night air
was nippy compared to the afternoon heat and the group treked inside. Jase
stood at the door way for a few moments admiring the beautiful night
scenery.
The group was worn out by the long day of story telling and yawns and
stretches became more and more frequent, but ione thing that never changed
was Ryoko's proximity to Jase, she never left his side and they were seen
holding hands a lot. One by one the the group dwindled until all who were
left were Ayeka, Ryoko and Jase. Now on each side of them they both had an
arm, but they weren't in competiton, they just wanted to hold him and his
smooth touches and caresses were enough to make them feel that he was okay,
but Jase was minorly worried, he didn't want to go to far or too far with
one. Ayeka was getting tired but she didn't want to leave yet. Finally after
ten more minutes Ayeka gave into her desire to sleep. She politely hugged
Jase and left for her room but not before jokingly saying "Now behave
yourselves you two." After a laugh or two she ascended the stairs and walked
into her room to go to sleep.

"I thought she would never leave."

"Huh?" As his word finished her lips locked with his. She worked her way to
in front of him and slowly pushed him back on to the couch she then crawled
top of him, so that Jase was on his back on the couch and she had him pinned
down. But Jase wasn't struggling, he was carressing her back as she put her
tongue into his mouth, she met the same surprise Washu did, easy entrance
and getting his in return. Ryoko began to grind herself into him as she was
eliciting a response from Jase other than kissing. She continued her sinuous
motion as they couple kissed passionately, Ryoko began to moan and pant with
her actions and they both panted for their breathe as the broke the heavy
kissing, this continued for quite a while, both satisfied with what they
were
doing. Their kissing began to slow until they were only gentle presses of
their lips together and Ryoko withdrew a little and rested her head on his
chest. And that is where they both slept. A smile engraved on their faces.
But both didn't sleep long. Soon Jase awoke and was quite content with
staying just where he was at the moment. He gently ran his fingers through
Ryoko's hair as she continued to slumber. Ryoko cuddled closer and resumed
her peaceful sleep. The room was silent for Ryoko's gentle breathing and all
around was dark shadows of the furniture of the room. The silence was
rejuvenating, Jase was acustomed to shots firing, wails in the night and not
to mention a constant undertone of dissorderly city noise. The calm
wilderness of this house was a world that he could easily get use to, but he
knew what task was laid before him. He knew that this morning he would have
to tell him the names of his past, it wouldn't be easy but it must be done.
Jase, as he does often zoned out into his thoughts. In his mind he saw so
many possibilities of the peaceful residents of this becoming outraged when
they heard who his best friend was. He thought until the sun rose a few
hours
later. He was pleasently returned to the physical plane with Ryoko sliding
up
his body so her lips could meet his.

They both met and held their pose for some time before Ryoko withdrew "Sleep
well?"

"Close to you, how could it be anything but?"

"You know that sounded pretty trite?"

"I know, but I couldn't come up with anything else. I wanted to be honest."

Ryoko smiled, "Well I'm going to go take a bath, you're willing to join."

"No thanks, but that sounds pretty good, I'll use the mens."

"Are you sure?"

"Thanks, but no thanks."

"Okay, I'll see you when I come out."

Ryoko winked as she floated up the stairs, as Jase follwed closely behind
discreetly admiring the view. As basically the same morning from yesterday
occured again the group ended up in the living room after consuming a
delicious breakfast. The biggest difference was that Jase was distraugth, he
tried to hide it but it was quite evident. As the group watched his facade
Kiyone spoke up "You know you really don't have to tell us."

"Yes, I do."

"Why? Do you really think your friend is that bad?"

"No, not at all, but he doesn't have the best of pasts, especially with you
all."

"What do you mean ' with us ' ?"

"I'm just going to say two names and then I'm going to leave. Do you want me
to be back later for your answer or just come back tomorrow?"

"Just tell us first."

"I'll be back tomorrw, okay, I swear."

"Just tell us!" The group shouted.

"The first person, my best friend is... is Kagato, understand that he's a
different person than you know, he's a changed man. The second the woman that
came later was... Nagi. I'll be back tomorrow, tell me then if you want me to
stay or not." With those final words the mysterious warrior vanished leaving
the group in awe.
