Disclaimer: I do not in any way own the characters in this Fanfic they are
property of Pioneer and AIC. Please don't sue me!

"No, but I can help you"

Tenchi was a little taken back by this response, no he was a lot taken back
by this response. "Wha-what do you mean?", he stammered.

The man in black deftly reached behind his head and grabbed a hold of
something. Tenchi could only look on in awe. The man was unsheathing a black
sword. The sound was almost harmonious, before Tenchi could react the man
had
fully unsheathed a four foot long black sword. It was two inches wide and
was
as thick as a book cover and had a razor edged blade that gleamed from just
above the contoured handle to the sharpened point. Tenchi was about to react
when all of a sudden the man flipped the sword in his hand so that it the
tip
was face down. He stabbed the sword into the ground a solid two feet. Tenchi
was staring at the sword in the ground, as he wondered we couldn't his feet
move and why couldn't he shut the door. The swordless man looked Tenchi
straight into the eyes and said "Could I come in? I have some important
things to tell you?" These words seeped into Tenchi's brain as he fell limp
to the floor.

Three hours later Tenchi awoke with a sharp stabbing pain in his temples,
"WAIT STABBING! WHERE  IS THAT MAN!" he thought aloud.

"I'm right here." A voice answered. As his eyes adjusted he realized that he
was in his living room, his head lying in Ryoko's lap with an icebag on his
forehead, Ayeka was sitting by his propped feet and the others were sitting
in chairs.

"Why are you here?" Tenchi asked groggily.

"I already answered that, I have something important to tell you.", the man
responded.

"What was the thing with the sword?"

"It was a sign of good faith, and I didn't want to come into your home
armed."

"Oh. Sorry, but I never caught your name."

"I am so much more than a name but you can call me Jase"

"Jase what are these important things you need to tell me?"

"This is going to sound a little crazy and I'm going to have to ask you to
trust me without you ever seeing me before"

"Trust you?", Ryoko blurted.

"I know that you may find it hard to trust someone you never met but you
have
to" Jase responded, while glancing around the room looking directly in the
eyes the group before him.

"Hmm." and "Why?" were several responses to his statement.

Then with a stare that could bore through a man Jase put his glass of tea
down and stood up and said "Because if you don't it will cost you your lives
and quite possibly all the lives of this planet." Everyone could only stare
at Jase blankly, not understanding this immense danger that they were in.

Ryoko broke the silence with "So your saying that there is an apocalyptic
force threatening the safety of this planet. I find it a little hard to
swallow, but who are we in danger from?"

Jase simply spun around looked Ryoko in her amber eyes and said "Ryoko, in
all your exploit as a space pirate, have you ever heard of a group of
vicious
mercenaries who call themselves the Astrals?"

"Yes, I have, but who would pay them to destroy Earth we're out her in the
nowhere? And how did you know my name?"

"No one hired them, this is a mission of personal nature, they aren't to
happy with me. And I know all of your names." After saying this he turned to
Katsuhito and said "Katsuhito or Yosho, uncrowned emperor of Jurai older
half
brother to Princess Ayeka." He turned toward Ayeka and said "Princess Ayeka,
eldest princess of Jurai and first in line to the throne the older sister of
Princess Sasami." He turned to face Princes Sasami "Princess Sasami the one
who is joined with Tsunami, the Tree Goddess, and among other things." Jase
then looked at Washu and said, "Washu the greatest genius in the Universe
and
prefers to be called little Washu despite her age because of personal
reasons." Then Jase turned to where Mihoshi and Kiyone were sitting "First
Class Detectives Mihoshi and Kiyone of the Galaxy Police." He turned to back
to the couch and said "Tenchi, uncrowned Prince of Jurai holder of the
master
key and the abilities of the Light Hawk Wings. Who else did I miss? Oh,
Nobuyuki your dad an architect and Ryo-Ohki the cabbit spaceship of Ryoko."

"I'm impressed", Katsuhito speaks up. "Well, we are at somewhat of a
disadvantage when it comes to knowing who you are."

Jase looks at Katsuhito with a grin "Yeah, I understand but I could go on
forever on who I am, and the important thing is the future not the past, the
past can only tell us who we are in the present, but we have the ability to
change it in the future." Katsuhito nods in agreement and notices this man's
wit and intelligence.

"What about the Astrals?" Kiyone voices. Jase nods and continues.

"Right now they are coming to Earth with the intentions of landing over the
lake and obliterating everyone in this house"

"Why this house?" Sasami chirped.

"When they found out I was from Earth they decided to destroy the planet
after our battle. They did  scan to see where the most energy output was and
if you think normal people give off anywhere near as much energy as Jurains
or Ryoko you can see why they are coming here."

"Your an Earthling?" Washu asks with one eyebrow raised.

"Yes, but I told you who I am is not important now"

"What are we going to do? I got in a scrap with a few of the Astrals and I
hate to admit it but I wasn't to much of problem for them. I had to run to
survive." Ryoko said with her eyes down at the floor.

"No one's going to blame you for their power is incredible." Jase said.
Ryoko
looked up at Jase and almost felt if he was trying to comfort her. *Was he?
*
she thought.

Then Kiyone questioned "Yes they have caused trouble for the GP for quite
some time and how do you suppose that we are going to beat all nine of
them?"

"There are six of them." Jase said almost looking ashamed.

"Six? What happened to the other three?"

"They are dead, they were killed two days ago."

"Huh?"

"In a battle on the planet known as Quodos X-51"

"By who?"

"By me."

"You were able to take out three of the Astrals without getting a scratch? I
don't believe it." Ryoko said. "No one could do that especially an
Earthling."

"It's true and I can show you the entire battle if you wish or I could
demonstrate my power."

"How are you going to show us the battle?" Washu asked with the same eyebrow
raised.

"I have the ability to project thoughts are past events, I'm also telepathic
and psychic."

"So that is how you know who we are!" Ayeka exclaimed.

"No, it isn't. I was informed that they were planing to come here on
business
to assassinate you Ayeka as well as Sasami. Plus I feel going into someone's
mind without permission is highly intrusive and disrespectful."

"Informed by who?"

"I can't answer that now. We have twenty-one hours to the Astrals arrival
give or take an hour. I knew that they were coming so I tried to eliminate
them before they even came here, but I wasn't strong enough. I get more
powerful after every fight and every wound I heal from 'Whatever doesn't
kill
us makes us stronger' I guess. So, I will be stronger going into this fight
but I will still need your help. Will you help me?"

"What can we do against the Astrals?" questioned Ryoko.

"Another ability I have is to transfer energy. I was planning to infuse you
with small amounts of energy and when you got use to it or got to a high
enough level I could show you how to use some attacks or infuse you with
more
energy. I also planned on having one of my dopplegangers train. Washu do you
have a sub dimension that has severely increased gravity?"

"Yes." she answered.

"Could I use it little Washu?" he said with a hint of a grin.

"Of course! You called me 'Little Washu'."

"Thank you."

"Your very welcome."

"Anyone that doesn't want to fight in this battle doesn't have to. I'm not
here to force anyone to fight but we need all the help we can get. Like a
said I am psychic and I can only see two days into the future the best
outcome in this present moment would be that I am the only one to die."
Everyone stared at Jase because of what he just said. They were trying to
imagine why someone would go into a battle they knew the would die from.
Jase
looked at their reaction to his words and then said "I don't have to go into
your mind to tell that you think to go into a fight in which you know you
will lose is crazy, but if I didn't help they still would attack and even
though you have never met me before I know much about each of you and I know
that I will willingly go into a battle in which I will die for any one of
you." They didn't no what to say. They could only wonder who he knew that
has
told him so much about them or was this an extreme show of valor or was he
just a little crazy or a lot crazy for that matter.

Sasami broke the silence. She was staring at Jase and she noticed the ring
on
his left hand. "Why are you wearing a ring? Are you married or something?
Who
gave it to you?"

Jase almost appeared to blush but was able to maintain his courageous auora
by simply answering the question. "A very special person gave this to me.
She
gave this to me, probably a year ago. She gave it to me and said that it
would be my good luck charm and when I was ready would bring me back to
her."

"Her?" chimed a smiling Mihoshi.

"Who is she? Is she the one who informed you?" asked a curious Sasami.

"Sasami you would probably know her best of all. Tsunami gave this to me."

"Tsunami?" everyone asked.

Ayeka stepped foreword and asked "How exactly did you know Tsunami? You say
you are from Earth how do you know such things?"

"This is only taking time from our training but I will tell you that I left
Earth when I was 13 and this is the first time I've been back."

"How old are you now?" asked the chirpy Mihoshi.

"I'm 19 in Earth years, but I'll have to insist that we start training now."
Jase promptly used his doppleganging abilities to split himself into 4
identical copies of himself. The group looked in awe and Ryoko spoke.

"Big deal, that still doesn't prove that he's up to par for six Astrals by
the way do you know the members that you killed"

The original said "I know that they don't use names and I killed No. 2, No.
4, and No. 5"

"Well, at least some of the more difficult ones are gone since they rank
themselves by power" Kiyone piped.

The original walked over to Washu and they began to talk of the place of
higher gravity and the second and third also asked her of a place that was
free of life so they could spar there, as the forth walked up to everyone
except Washu and asked "Shall we get started?" The group answered with a nod
of their heads and the training commenced.

Washu led the group into a dimensional tunnel and they reappeared in
something that looked like a coliseum. "Don't be afraid to trash the place I
can always fix it up." As she said this she transformed into her adult form
and Jase nodded in approval.

This duplicate then split himself into 7 to match the seven that were there
(Nobuyuki and Katsuhito decided not to participate, even though
telepathically Jase insisted that Katsuhito join the training he said it is
better to let a younger generation deal with these problems). Everyone
paired
off to a Jase and they began. Jase's action were all the same with each
person as he asked, "Please give me your hand." Everyone wearily placed
their
hand in the one Jase offered them. As soon as they complied Jase took his
other hand and placed it on top of theirs and said, "This will feel a little
weird at first and if you feel the slightest bit of pain tell me, but rest
assured you are in no danger." He waited for each of them to nod and then he
proceeded. He began to induce power from himself into the six girls and one
guy. Everyone was tense and started to notice that what he was doing did
feel
weird. It gave them the feeling of standing in sunlight, an eerie warmth
blanketed them and it got warmer and warmer. Jase was staring each of them
silently in the eyes and they felt a strange bond being formed between them
besides the one of energy transmission, they were quickly beginning to trust
him. Jase stared hard into their eyes he looked for any twinge of pain.
Though his eyes softened as the gazed into each of these beautiful women but
when he stared into Tenchi's eyes he felt pings of guilt and saw much
potential. As he stared into Kiyone's eyes he couldn't believe how beautiful
her eyes were and the beauty of her teal hair. As he stared into Ayeka's
eyes
he could only think of the milky smoothness of her hands and how long and
silken her violet hair was. As he stared in to the eyes of Ryoko he saw
nothing but magnificent amber colored feline type eyes and her wild mane of
cyan locks and could barely keep his eyes off of her curves. As he stared
into Mihoshi's eyes he could even see how innocent she was she was very
child
like but of very feminine development. As he stared into the adult eyes of
Washu he saw her desire, she had a desire to understand him and almost want
because of her drawing his hands ever closer to her very grown up body. As
he
stared into the eyes of Sasami he saw a caring and her youth and wondered
about one day of her being united with the very beautiful Tsunami. One by
one
they showed signs of discomfort not even pain and Jase smoothly removed his
hands from theirs the first to stop was Mihoshi, then Kiyone who insisted to
keep going but he took her hand and told her that it was best not to rush
these things and that in the next 20 hours that she will obtain strength
that
she didn't believe she could have", the next to stop was Sasami, although
she
is Jurain and could hold much strength she was still far from unlocking her
hidden gifts, the next was Washu although she holds many characteristics of
Ryoko the amount of power she could hold was less, then Ayeka she withdrew
her hand and looked at it and thanked Jase, Jase could only respond by
saying
your welcome, the next was Tenchi, Jase held out a little longer after he
saw
his discomfort but knew that he needs to up Tenchi's power so this battle
will be surely one at little cost if any, Ryoko was the last to be let go
and
she even fought Jase to continue by taking her other hand and pushing down
onto Jase's, Jase still ceased the power flow as he looked into Ryoko's
eyes,
she didn't understand why he was stopping she could take so much more but
before she could say anything Jase slowly bent down and kissed the back of
her hand after he straightened back up he looked up at a shocked Ryoko who
said nothing but withdrew her hand. Jase looked at them and convened into
one
body and told them "The best way to get use to this power increase is to use
it, run and jump or spar with another if you prefer."

"What if we want to spar with you?" Ryoko asked with a smile on her face.

"I wouldn't mind but Ryoko if I were you I would ask Tenchi, Washu, and
Ayeka
to help you", said Jase cockily. "Remember you haven't seen me fight. In
fact
you don't even know anything I can really do."

"Oh yeah!" Ryoko said just before phasing to behind him and trying to catch
him with a kick. She found she had hit nothing but air and Jase was standing
behind the rest of the group with the hint of a smile on his face. Ryoko was
obviously embarrassed and flew to catch up with Jase. Jase simply dodged all
of her attacks with ease and reminded her to get help.

"Ayeka! Tenchi! Give me a hand will ya' a can't lay a finger on him, plus we
will get stronger and ready for action!" Surprisingly, they both complied
and
Jase found himself in the middle of all three throwing punches and kicks and
he had dodged them all before blasting off like a ship straight into the
air.
They looked in awe until Ryoko materialized in front of him and Jase flew
straight through her using the same ability that Ryoko uses to walk through
walls. Jase let out a small laugh but was surprised by her speed.

Jase landed fifty feet away and said, "Impressive, but try harder."

Kiyone was running laps as Mihoshi ran behind to talk to her causing Kiyone
to sped up and the process only repeated. Washu then called out to Ryoko "Do
you want my help?"

"Sure." was Ryoko's response which was actually shocking to Washu. Then the
four of them chased Jase from corner to corner of the room until they
audible
made a plan so Jase knew what was coming. But he still had fun running and
flying away. Until Ryoko had enough of this cat and mouse game in which the
cat was just to slow she powered up and charged Jase with all of the speed
she had. Jase was about to dematerialize when he noticed Sasami had joined
in
on the fun and was ten feet directly behind him. Jase was stuck between a
rock and a hard place. As Ryoko approached, he braced for her tackle. The
moment she made contact Jase locked her in a hug that put them face to face
and steered them away from the unaware Sasami. Even though the two were
braced for this contact, when they hit they ground there was a silence that
fell on the room as Kiyone and Mihoshi looked at the accident.

Ryoko landed on the bottom for the most part, she was on her side too. Jase
very concerned look Ryoko in the eyes and "Are you okay?". Ryoko didn't
answer but had her eyes lock into Jase's. "Are you okay Ryoko?" Jase asked
gently rubbing the small of Ryoko's back. Ryoko slowly nodded. Jase then
slowly moved a lock of Ryoko's cyan hair away from her face and momentarily
cupping Ryoko's cheek. The pair just laid there until shouts from a
concerned
Tenchi came. Jase only starred into Ryoko's eyes and asked "Do you want to
get up?" Ryoko again only answered with a nod. Jase ever so gently wrapped
his arms around her pressing his body against hers and gracefully ascended
from the ground ever so slowly. He slowly changed their horizontal position
to a vertical one and then slowly descended to the ground. After they
touched
down without a sound, he slowly lowered her the other two inches. Her body
slowly rubbed him until her feet were squarely on the ground. The couple
still stood there in each others arms staring one another in the eyes. The
rest of the universe as well as the shouts of the occupants of the arena
slipped from them as they just stand there as if a sentimental part of a
movie was left in pause. Neither moved, the barely took breaths as their
chests would rise almost to meet each other. This climatic sappy movie scene
was abruptly banished with Washu only stating aloud, "Are you love birds
going to kiss or just stand there?" Jase slowly unclasped his arms from
around her and gently slid them from her waist as she traced her fingers
from
his muscular back. Then they quickly spun from one another not completely
remembering the actions that just transpired. Jase was visually blushing but
stranger was Ryoko was too. This puzzled Tenchi as well as the others, Ryoko
was a free spirit lacking inhibitions and her cheeks were completely
flushed.

"I think I can give you all some more power now." Jase said trying to
conceal
his embarrassment.

They all responded "Okay." Except Ryoko who was still thinking of the 'hug'.
Jase split into his seven person squad and each walked off to his
counterpart. Ryoko's counterpart walked slowly up to her and she very
sheepishly offered Jase her hand and he gingerly accepted.

The one that went to Ayeka very politely asked for her hand, which she
presented with precision and grace of a queen. Jase in turn gently kissed
the
back of her hand while looking her in the eyes much like the royals she had
met during her life at Jurai. She smiled and Jase smiled back as he started
to induce energy into her and then Ayeka asked "What was that, that happened
between you and Ryoko if I may ask?"

"If I had dodged she might have hit Sasami who was standing behind me, we
hit
hard and I was worried she might have been hurt. Though if she was I could
have healed her."

"You can heal things?"

"Minor things from other people, or I can take their wounds. I have the
ability to almost heal myself completely from possibly lethal injuries"

"Take their wounds?"

"It sounds strange but it's exactly what it sounds like. If Ryoko had cut
her
finger I would simply take it, or transfer the injury to myself. Ryoko would
no longer have a cut finger but I would, but it is easier to heal myself
than
others."

"Why not just heal the other person without transferring it?"

"That takes about 100 times more energy than transferring."

"I see."

The one that went to Kiyone politely asked for her hand and she politely
offered it to him. Kiyone soon asked him "It seemed like you care about
Ryoko?"

"I care about each and every one of you." Jase said gently massaging the
back
of Kiyone's hand. "I know that it sounds strange but I have deep feelings
for
all of you."

"That doesn't sound strange."

"It does when it comes from a complete stranger."

"You have a point, but to you, we aren't strangers, you know a great deal
about us."

"I only wish I had time to know more."

"What do you mean?"

"It isn't the most pleasant thought to think but chances are in 18 hours I
won't be alive."

"Well how much are you training in here with us?"

"A little. Transfering energy does increase my energy output and capacity.
But remeber one part of is training at 200 times Earth gravity, and two
other
parts of me are fighting with everything they have against one another."

"That's right. Can I ask you something?"

"Anything."

"When you mean deep feelings what exactly do you mean?"

"I - I feel very, umm, I feel,"

"Go on."

Jase leaned over and whispered into her ear. "I love you Kiyone." he slowly
leaned back and gave her a small kiss on the cheek. Although she predicted
that he was attracted to her and the others but it didn't prepare her for
his
actions. She blushed as Jase could only look at her hands he was still
massaging.

The one that was with Washu was about to ask her for her hand and she took a
hold of his. She looked him in the eyes and said "I can smell your hormones
and yours are through the roof, what's the deal?"

"To put it bluntly I'm in love with all the women in this room and the odds
are that this is my last day on Earth and every where else for that matter"

"So what were you planing to do?" she asked seductively.

"Washu you usually aren't like this."

"How would you know this is the first time you've met me?"

"I know a great deal about you and enough to tell you that I'm infatuated
with you."

"Well I'll tell you why I'm coming on to you so much. I'ts this adult form,
I'm not use to it and strong and mysterious men turn me on."

"Washu, please don't make this harder than it already is." as Jase finished
the statement Washu glared down to his crotch.

"Those pants are pretty baggy but not that baggy."

"Washu!"

"Just kidding. I'm sorry, I told you it's this form but I'm twice as strong
this way and I distract men better in this form too."

"I bet." Jase said looking at her curves.

"Hey! Your not helping." Washu pouted.

"Sorry, but you have to admit, your stunning." and Washu only seductively
winked at him.

The Jase that was with Mihoshi walked over to her and took her hand as she
offered at Mihoshi spoke up "You know your cute."

Jase looked at her and said "And your wonderful." as he thought to himself
cute: I hate that word but also wondered she was saying this to someone she
had only known for a few hours and was calling cute while he was wearing all
black. After he finished thinking all of this he saw that Mihoshi was
absolutely beaming with joy.

"You think I'm wonderful?" she said as she took her hand from him and hugged
him tightly. Jase couldn't help but slide his arms around her to embrace her
back. He also couldn't help but feel her bust pressing into his chest. She
was hugging him so hard he could feel her nipples. After a few breathes that
even brought them closer Mihoshi released him and offered her hands. Jase
replied and the energy transfer commenced.

The one that was paired with Sasami walked to her and she graciously offered
her hand before Jase could ask. Jase took a knee and took her hand and
smiled
at Sasami who only smiled back.

The one that was with Tenchi walked over and Tenchi offered his hands. For
the most part this was actually funny to watch, these two guys holding hands
and both of them visible uncomfortable. Jase attempted to ease this
discomfort with conversation that was little consolation. "You know you've
got to be the luckiest guy I know."

"How's that?"

"That's the only sad part."

"What is?"

"You are oblivious to the fact you live in a house with these beautiful
women
who are into you and would actually maintain a relationship with you."

"Are you saying that most girls wouldn't have me."

"No, but many aren't serious or just dump you like trash when they are no
longer see you as benificial."

"Sounds like you've been hurt."

"Not exactly. I've never put myself in the situation."

"So how are you better than me?" Tenchi asked with a raised brow.

"Because I've never had the oppertunity with a woman I was interested in."

"Oh."

***13 hours later and many advances on the part of Jase and the other women
and embarrassing moments holding Tenchi's hand. By this time along with
energy he had infused each with the ability of certain techniques. Now
everyone had the abilities that Ryoko had when she started and Ryoko, Washu,
Tenchi, and Ayeka had many other talents such as special attacks known as
Dark Rings an energy attack similar to the attack that Kagato used on Ryoko,
Sun Spot an attack that shot ultraviolet rays at an opponent that
temporarily
blinded them, and multiphrased energy beams and balls. ***

"We have 5 hours until they arrive and the odds are way up.", Jase said with
a grin, "Lets go collect myself and we will rest until the Astrals arrive. I
have subconsciencously added the ability to regenerate your power so don't
worry if you feel tired now. I suggest you all have a light meal and we
stratigize." The edgy group filed out of the now ruble coliseum caused by
them learning energy attacks. The followed Washu down a few corridors and we
looked through a subspace window to where the two Jases were sparing to find
that the entire area was ash and rubble. The two Jases were on there knees
after an all out show down of energy beams. There was a 50 foot deep crater
between the two and it was 100 feet in diameter and as if the were points of
a radius the two Jases kneel breathing heavily were burned and tattered
clothing. The group seemed horrified at the destruction and power that Jase
possessed but during his training he told them he has full control of his
powers and a level head on his shoulders and joked about how not every
powerful person was for destruction and devistation. After the Jase that
walked with them down the hall gave them enough energy to heal themselves
they did and the three Jases combined into one. Jase then said "Two down one
to go." The group resumed following Washu through her immense lab of
unexplainable machines, blinking lights and machine chirps and beeps. They
reached a huge room that was as big as the coliseum and looked through the
glass. The fourth Jase was doing inverted push-ups on one hand in 225x
Earth's gravity. He wore only black shorts that was tied mid calf and
supported by a belt. The woman stared at his muscular shoulders, back, and
chest and saw the look of concentration on his face. The Jase outside
knocked
on the glass and the Jase on the inside responded by teleporting to the
outside and then he combined with the orginal Jase. Jase looked at the
group,
who looked like an army awaiting instructions they had all hyped themselves
up and were willing to obey what he said. Jase looked at Tenchi very
seriously and asked "Would you mind if I used your shower?" This caused them
to just stare in response, that was one thing they didn't think he would
say.

Tenchi's long awaited response was "Sure, it's upstairs."

"Thanks" and with a wave he was gone.

The women a looked at one another and looked at Tenchi and said "He has a
good idea we'll be in the onsen."

They all filed out of the lab and Tenchi was left by his lonesome in the
living room.

Ten minutes later Tenchi was joined in the living room by Jase who now had
long silver hair and had it pulled back in a pony tail. He was also sporting
new baggy black shorts and a big black tee with a white ring at chest
height.
Tenchi questioned "What's with the hair and were did you get clothes from I
don't remember a suitcase?"

"I change my hair a lot I have the ability to turn into anyone and change
things about myself and I can materialize things from extra particles in the
air. That's where I get my clothes"

"Oh. So what's with all the black?"

"For the most part it usually fits my mood but it exemplifies many things
like the power that can be found in the dark side of things but most of all
it's my favorite color."

"Oh." Tenchi responded while wishing he never asked and now about how he was
going to wonder what he meant *Man! I'm doing it now!* Tenchi then stood up
and motioned upstairs and Jase nodded. About twenty minutes later Tenchi
returned and asked, "Jase have the girls come out yet?"

"Nope" was his simple reply. A two and a half hours pass and the girls
emerged from the onsen. They all came down the stairs with serious faces. As
they walked down the stairs Jase stood up leaving another availible seat.
The
women all sat down and Ryoko looked up.

"So what's the game plan, Jase?"

"I'm going to go at them head on full throttle before they even touch down,
a
few will probably be ijured in the wreck if they aren't expecting me. I am
going to make this a quick battle if I can, if this drags out we will be the
ones on the losing end. Basically, I think Sasami should go up to the shrine
and stay with Katsuhito, I also suggest that the same go for Mihoshi and
possibly Kiyone."

"Why is that?" asked a hurt Kiyone.

"If No. 1 is able to discharge his trump card, he might be able to wipe out
anyone on the battlefield, if that happens you could try to finish him while
he's weak."

"Okay, I guess."

"Personally, I would like to see all of you wait until I'm severely weakened
before stepping in, I should be able to take out the bulk of them now and
just maybe all of them. Plus if it comes down to me against one of them with
no other Astrals left I have a self destruct attack, it's very powerful and
if I have enough power left I'll split into two before using it."

"What will you do if you don't, kill yourself?'' asked a concerned Ryoko.

"If need be, yes, I'm prepared to do that."

"You're crazy!"

"Or extremely brave and concerned."

"Why?"

"Because believe it or not, I don't really have anything or anybody else,
and
you all shouldn't have to suffer for no reason. You all know I care about
you
and I don't expect you to exactly understand why."

"You said that they were going to try and find and kill Sasami and myself
before they even fought you." Ayeka stated.

"Even so I wouldn't let that happen, and in the end it would boil down to
this anyway."

"The only reason I didn't just come here and wait and try to destroy them
myself is that I didn't have the resources to gain this much strength in the
period of time I did and it still might not be enough. I need you all to
help
me save you. Wait they are approaching they will land in one hour."
