( ) = Narrator, me ,Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol
Saki= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me ( I have
no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.

This story is about the day of the wedding and the first two honeymoon
nights, each night contains two of the girls, this story has Washuu and
Ryoko.
Wedding Day

    Well the big day has finally arrived. Tenchi is in his dressing room
getting ready and sweating bullets. The girls are getting their selves ready
(which should only take about  ……. 16 hours). The royal family and
friends
of princesses Ayeka and Sasami are getting seated and waiting for the
wedding
to start.

    "Tenchi can we see you for a second." Calls Ayeka.
    "Sure but it's a earth tradition for the bride or brides and groom in
this case not to see each other before the ceremony, but we'll make an
exception this time." Replies Tenchi. "Ok what's the problem?"
    "Well we just wanted to see you." Says Washuu show
    "Wow you look great in a suit " complements Ryoko.
    "Thanks you all look fabulous in your dresses." Tenchi replies.

( Well for all our sakes I'll get the formalities over with.)

    Tenchi is now married to the girls and the dance is about to begin but
there is a problem all the girls want to dance first. While waiting Tenchi
starts thinking about what just happened (FB "Dearly beloved we're gathered
hear to join these Seven in holly matrimony. Do you Tenchi take these
beautiful women to have and to hold as long as you all shale live." Tenchi "
I do" "and do you Ayeka, Sasami, Ryoko, Washuu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone, whew
man
that's a lot, take this man Tenchi to be you lawfully married husband (etc,
etc, etc) as long as you all shale live." (It's me again "Zero Cool" if
you've been to a wedding or seen one on TV then you know the rest so I'll
skip the rest.)

    "Tenchi we've decided who will dance with you first" Ayeka says "ok step
forward don't be shy."

    "Ok Tenchi I've never danced before so take it slow." Answers Sasami
stepping forward.

    "Well then this will be a first for both of us because I'm not much of a
dancer" Replied Tenchi with a smile

    The two step on to the dance floor. All of a sudden the room went dark,
some romantic music started and a spot light fell upon the pair of newly
weds. As if in a trance the two glide across the floor in a waltz monition.
The others watched as they swept around as if never touching the dance
floor.
Wile dancing Tenchi looks deeply into Sasami's eyes and noticed that they
were changing and she was also getting a little taller. Everyone watched in
aw as the young princes Sasami transformed into Tsunami and applauded as the
new princes danced on.

    "WOW I never expected for Sasami to change so soon. I wonder if it is
because she was so happy to be with Tenchi?" Washuu asked with a puzzled
look.

    "Maybe your right little Washuu, I think it dose have something to do
with how close she is to Tenchi." Replied Ayeka.

    "Those two really do make a great pair and I didn't know that they could
dance like that!!" Kiyone cheered

    "you look wonderful my love" Spoke Tenchi gazing her eyes.
    "Thank you my love." Replied Tsunami.

The music stopped the lights came on and everyone clapped and cheered as
they
made their way off the dance floor. The two walked over to the others and
hade a seat. Tsunami finally realizes what has just happened.

    "And you said that you can't dance very well. Did you know that you
would
transform out there on the dance floor?" Questions Washuu.

    "No, not really it just happened when Tenchi was holding me. I wonder
why
that is, maybe it has something to do Tenchi's power of Jurai." Tsunami
answered.

    "Ok Who's next in line?" Asked Tenchi.

    Next was Ryoko who wasn't that bad of a dancer but needed a little help.
Washuu was a natural since she was married before. After all the girls had a
turn Tenchi just had to sit down and rest his feet, not that he was tired
but
he seemed that the worst two dancers in the history of the earth were his
wives. Ayeka and Mihoshi couldn't dance to save their lives and almost
killed
Tenchi in the process by stepping on his feet. Tenchi sat there with his
feet
in a bucket of ice. The king and queen of Jurai and Tenchi's mother and
father in law decided to come over and talk with Tenchi.

    "Hay theirs my son in law how are you doing, you look kind of pale.
What's the matter." Ask Funaho (Ayeka and Sasami mother)

    "Yea you look kind of worried about something. Here have some tea liven
up it your wedding day. By the way we have a present for you, a space ship
that Washuu and the scientist of Jurai designed for you and the rest of your
new family." Said the King of Jurai.

    "Thanks a lot, the girls are over there discussing something and they
keep looking over at me. It seams rather serious." Said Tenchi.

    At the other end of the room the girls were sitting with a rather heated
discussion about something.

    "I'M GOING FIRST AND THAT'S FINAL!!!!" Ryoko

    "WHY SHOULD YOU GET TO GO FIRST HE AKSED TO MARRY ME FIRST!!!!!" AYEKA.

    "Actually Ayeka he asked us all at once rememberrrrr. You guys can fight
over who goes first since I got to dance first." Tsunami

    " Wow your really fair about this sasam I mean Tsunami but come to think
of it I'll pull out of this argument especially since I steppes on his feet
so many times tonight." Mihoshi.

    "WELL I'M STILL IN, WHY CAN'T I GO FIRST!!!!" Kiyone

    "YOU STAY OUT OF THIS YOU'LL GET YOUR TURN!!!"  Both Ayeka and Ryoko
yelling at Kiyone.

    "Ok lets evaluate the situation from the data that I took from you all
two days ago. Keep these things in mind as I call them off: number 1 Tenchi
is still a virgin, number 2 correct me if I'm wrong but all of you are still
virgins, number 3 I'm the only one who has ever been married and the only
one
that can get Tenchi to loosen up about sex." Washuu explained.

    "Well if you say so, I guess it makes a little since, I don't mind if
you
go first little Washuu." Ayeka.

    "So Tenchi is still a virgin, well I don't care how much experience you
what ever you know I know the same, we share thoughts remember so why can't
I
go first and use what I know from you." Ryoko protested.

    "Just because you have the know how doesn't mean that you have the do
right, and I know that you only want to make him happy. But Ryoko if you
come
to him the wrong way you'll scare him." Replies Washuu.

    "I agree with Washuu on this one as much as I hate to admit it, but I
think Washuu is right I want Tenchi to be comfortable when he's with me."
Spoke Kiyone.

    "I don't care what you say I'm going first and that's final." Ryoko

    "Ryoko can I see you over here for a second." Washuu

Washuu and Ryoko walk into a small room in the hall way with the other
behind
them. (This is an argument so try to keep up as the dialog may seem
strange.)
The two step into the room and close the door behind them. (crash) hay stop
that Washuu!!!…. Ryoko let go of my hair!!!… (Boom) What are doing put
that
down stop, Hay why aren't my powers working!!! (crashhh, boom)… A special
force field I made just for you, Ryoko stop put down that vase!!! (Crash,
crunch)… Wait stop, Washuu put down that BAT wait can't we reconsider
(Crunch, breaking glass, boom… dead silence) the door opens and Washuu
steps
out.

    "Now dose any one else have any objections." Washuu smiling

    "No way!!!!! Are you kidding?" The others all at once

    "Washuu what did you do with Ryoko? Ask Tsunami

    "Well to be blunt she's kind of tied up right now." Washuu

    "But can't she phase out of the ropes." Ayeka

    "Yes she could but its hard to phase when your unconscious" Washuu
states

    "Hay girls what's going on I herd a crash." Tenchi

    "Oh nothing we were just deciding who would be first on the honeymoon."
Tsunami explained.

    "Gulp well what do I have to look forward to." Said Tenchi look into the
eyes of his wives to find some kind of answer. *"It's going to be a long
night."*

Later that day or night…

    Tenchi is in the extremely big bathroom of his new space ship. Sitting
there kind of nervous he looked up through the glass roof and stares into
space waiting for one to all of his brides to appear. The bathroom door
opened and in stepped Washuu out of the darkness. She walked over and sat
beside Tenchi who looked rather scared.

    ~"The stares are beautiful to night aren't they?" Speaks Tenchi turning
his attention to Washuu
    "They sure are, do you like the glass roof that I installed?"
    "Yea it's great."
    "You look tense, loosen up the fun will start soon enough. (With a smile
and kisses Tenchi's chest)"
    "You look so beautiful; your eyes are so so soooo… "

    Tenchi starts to remove Washuu towel and kisses her on the forehead.
Washuu is wearing a long t-shirt and the bottom to a bathing suit. Washuu
starts to loosen Tenchi's towel and kisses his chest. Tenchi moans in
excitement as Washuu grabs his member. Tenchi moves out of the water and on
to a couch that just happened to be there (for the purpose of reading and
other things).

    "Tenchi just relax wile I change into something more fitting" stepping
behind a see-through screen.

    Tenchi watches as the figure takes off the shirt and bottom and flings
them at her waiting man. Tenchi's eyes widen greatly with the sight of her
stepping from behind the screen, Washuu was wearing a blue silk see through
nightgown. She walked over and places her hand on his member and strokes it
gently. Moaning with pleasure Tenchi arches his back as Washuu begins to
suck
on his cock.

    "Oh my … that feels so good, please don't stop.
    "Well I'll show you more just watch." Washuu steps back and transforms
into her adult state. "You can call me Big Washuu now"

    Tenchi then turns her over and starts to open the front of her gown.
Placing her hands on his she moves them up to her breast and starts to lay
back wile he cresses and rubes them. The two start to kiss with deep passion
and Tenchi moves his hands to lower to her thighs and begins to rub her
legs.

    "OWWWW Tenchi ….. are you sure you are a virgin?"

Tenchi blushes and starts kissing and sucking on her breast. She arches her
back as he move down and starts gnawing on her pussy. Tenchi lays back and
Washuu starts to place his member in her mouth, going back and forth with
the
rhythm of there breathing she licks the head of his member swirling it
around
in her mouth lapping up his sweet juices.

    "Ten…chi you … taste like strawberries."

    She then switches positions again and places Tenchi's member in her
pussy
and lies back. Tenchi pushes down and Washuu cries out pain and pleasure.

    "Oh no I didn't hurt you did I?" panicked with a look of concern
"No it only hurts for a second. Oh my it's been so long since I felt that
kind of pleasure."

    The two begin to work as one with Washuu sitting on Tenchi's lap moving
back and ford with every breath. She tilted back too far and landed on her
back, Tenchi fell forward and pushed down with greater pressure. Washuu
screamed in pleasure with the newly applied pressure, Tenchi was having the
time of his life until finally he couldn't take it any more the pressure was
too great. Washuu wrapped her arms Tenchi's neck as he speeds up. The two
came to there climax at the same time and Tenchi passed out on the couch too
tired to move. Washuu seemed to be paralyzed with the pleasure of what had
just happened.

See Part 2-1 for the other half of Wedding day.

( ) = Narrator, me ,Zero Cool, BMScaife@aol
Saki= cheep word for strong wine or beer.
*= Thinking
~ = Talk between two people
FB= flash back
Onsen= Dimensional Bathroom
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any of the other character, they are
property of AIC and Pioneer so don't I repeat please do not sue me ( I have
no money so it would be futile). This story is just for fun. Also I got some
ideas and terminology (I'm not sure of the meaning) from some of the other
Lemon Fan Fics I hope you don't mind. Just want to let you know.

This story is about the day of the wedding and the first two honeymoon
nights, each night contains two of the girls, this story has Washuu and
Ryoko.

                                Wedding Day

The two begin to work as one with Washuu sitting on Tenchi's lap moving back
and ford with every breath. She tilted back too far and landed on her back,
Tenchi fell forward and pushed down with greater pressure. Washuu screamed
in
pleasure with the newly applied pressure, Tenchi was having the time of his
life until finally he couldn't take it any more the pressure was too great.
Washuu wrapped her arms Tenchi's neck as he speeds up. The two came to there
climax at the same time and Tenchi passed out on the couch too tired to
move.
Washuu seemed to be paralyzed with the pleasure of what had just happened.

~"He looks so sweet like a little cat. So how was it Washuu, every thing you
expected it to be." Tsunami said walking in with a blanket for the two of
them.

    "Better he's pretty good for a beginner and so easy to please." Washuu
    "I love you Washuu…. I love you Washuu" Tenchi says dreaming
    "He's so sweet, he talks about me in his sleep."
"I know, I was watching you from the security station he seemed so happy. I
can't wait until it's my turn."
    " By the way when is your turn?"
    "After you came in here the girls and I went to get Ryoko who was rather
calm after what you did to her, I think she came to her senses. We then
decided to draw number to see who goes next I got number 1 or 2 depending on
how you want to look at it."
    "What do you mean?"
    "Well if we count you, you were first, so I would second. If we don't
count you the I'd be first."
    "So either way you'll be next?"
    "Naw I think I'll let Ryoko take my place, she seemed so sad when we
untied her. She really had her heart set on being Tenchi's first."
"Maybe I should talk to her. I'll talk to her later I don't want to leave
Tenchi yet."
"Hay Tsunami how long have you been hear."
"Oh I just stopped by, I watching you guys on the monitor and you looked
kind
of cold."
"You were watching us???" Tenchi says blushing.
"You're a baaaadddd boy aren't you Tenchi" Replied tsunami in classic
fashion.

Forgetting that he wasn't wearing any clothes he stood up scratching his
head.

"Wow Tenchi your really big!!!!" Washuu
"I must agree that is kind of long." Tsunami said blushing.
"Oh you guys" Tenchi says promptly sitting back down.
"Hay what time is it Tsunami??"
"It's 12:30 a.m. Washuu."
"I've better get some sleep, the girls are going to have a lot of questions
tomorrow morning."
"It's such along walk to the you room, why don't you sleep in my room." Said
Tenchi putting on some clothes behind the screen.
"Ok lets go my love" said Washuu kissing Tenchi passionately.
"Hay can I come too."
"I don't see why not, we can all sleep in my bed." Tenchi
"Great, I wonder how Ryoko is feeling?" Tsunami
" I think I'll go talk to her. Do you know where she is?"
"Yea, I saw her on the balcony in the mirror room, staring through the glass
ceiling."
"I'm going to go check up on her, you two go ahead."

Tenchi gets dressed (basically a pair of pants and a t-shirt) and walks into
the mirror room. He heirs crying from baloney and finds Ryoko lying in a
folding chair.
~"What's the matter darling."
"Oh …. Tenchi I didn't hear you come in" rubbing her eyes
"Tsunami told me about what happen, and I want you to know even though
Washuu
was my first doesn't me I love you any less." Kissing her on her forehead.
"Oh Tenchi …. I love you so much." Said with a tear in her eye.

She then lifts his shirt over his head and begins to kiss him with deep
passion. He lays down on top of his bride and begins to unbutton her shirt
but stops for a second.

"Why why why did you stop, I want you so badly?" cried Ryoko.
"I have a better idea let's wait until tonight. By tonight I'll be rested up
and able to give you my all, and trust me nothing and I mean nothing will
stop me from being with you to night. What do you think, because I'm kind of
tired right now Washuu took a lot out of me."

"Oh Tenchi you really mean it, to night for sure?"
"There is no stopping me, my love."

That morning all eyes were on Tenchi and Washuu who was sitting right beside
him. Tsunami and was looking at Ryoko with a questionable look, Ryoko nodded
her head and looked back with a smile.

"Well I guess this would be a suitable subject now, how was last night
Washuu?" Spoke Ayeka with a curious smile at Tenchi.

"Oh my goodness it was magnificent, I didn't have that good a time with my
first husband." Washuu says, Tenchi blushes.
"Well it was my first time so I can't really explain it. But my god until
then I've never felt so alive."
"Will you be with me tonight Tenchi?" Mihoshi ask
"No…. I've made a previous engagement with someone else" Tenchi says with
a
smile.
"With who?" Ask Kiyone
"Well if I told you then it would take the fun out who wondering who it will
be. I'll just pick at random."

(It's me zero cool just want you to know that I'm still alive. And tell me
what you think.)

    That after noon Tenchi and Tsunami are in the onsen drinking and
talking.

~"Tenchi really who are you going to pick next?" Tsunami ask
"Do you really want to know?"
"Yes, of course, will it be me?"
"Well no, I talked to Ryoko last night and we decided that tonight would be
ours."
"That's so sweet, what did you say to her?"
"Well when I saw her she seemed so sad, so we talked for a little wile. We
started but I diced that we should wait until I could give her my all, as
you
saw Washuu took a lot out of me."
"Can I come after Ryoko?"
"Of course you can you know all you had to do is ask" Said Tenchi kissing
her
on the neck.

Tsunami begins to unwrap Tenchi's towel and slid her hands around his
member.

"No Tsunami wait, I promised Ryoko that I would wait for her tonight.

"Oh Tenchi I'm so glad that you remembered your promise, it's amazing even
when your drunk you think of our feelings." Ryoko enters the room.
"Ryoko how long have you been here?" Both Tenchi and Tsunami.
"Just long enough to hear you say no to the on coming pleasure, and I love
you for that. So I guess you meant it when you said your resting up for the
action that will take place late tonight."
"By the way when are you two going to get started on part two of the wedding
night?" Tsunamis ask.
"I'm not sure, why would you like to know?" Tenchi
"Well, I'm Planning on watching you and Ryoko on the security camera like I
did with you and Washuu. So I can learn what makes you happy."
"What ever you do would be all right with me Tsunami." Tenchi
"Hay by the way where is Washuu, she and I need to have a little talk."
Ryoko
"Yea she's in the lab, with Ayeka" Tsunami
"Ryoko please don't do what I think your going to do. If you love me at all
don't do it." Tenchi
"Oh alright. I'll yell at her through my mind."
"Thank you, I'm heading to the bedroom to take a nap I'll see you later,"
said Tenchi kissing her.
"Tsunami we're very lucky to have a guy like him, aren't we."
"I agree, I wonder what we did to disserve him."

Later that day (or night) back at the diner table every one was wondering
whom Tenchi was going to pick to night. (I guess he's deciding now)

"Tenchi it's 6:30 will you tell us who it going to be nowwwww." Ask Ayeka
with great enthusiasm.
"Do you guys really want to know?"
"Of course we want to know, we want to look good for when you pick us."
Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone.
"Ok, well I picked Ryoko."
They all sat somewhat surprised at his answer.
"But Tenchi way Ryoko, why not me.
"Ayeka, you know I love you all the same I talked to Washuu and Tsunami last
night and they said that there was something wrong with Ryoko. So I went to
check on her. We started talking and other things, and then we decided that
tonight would be our night." Tenchi
"Oh I just can't wait for tonight, it will be my first time Tenchi, so be
gentle." Ryoko
"I wouldn't be any other way, my love" Tenchi
"Tenchi when will it be my turn" Ayeka
"Well Tsunami is after Ryoko so you can go after, her if you'd like. All you
guys have to do is ask me." Tenchi
"Really, why didn't you tell us before." Kiyone
"Well I assumed that you would just barge in when I'm sleeping" Tenchi says
laughing then the others join in.

It is now 8:00 Tenchi is laying in his bed staring through the glass ceiling
and is slowly drifting of to sleep. He's startled when he finds Ryoko
opening
his bedroom door. She is wearing a pair of red and black pajamas and has her
hair down.

~" Oh Tenchi your not sleeping are you?"
"No just waiting for you my lover. Come over and have a seat."
"Ok, what are you doing?"
"Looking at the stars and thinking of you." He says kissing her neck.
"Ohhhhh Tenchi ….. your ready, already." She moans.
"How could I not be ready with a bride like you, why should I go slower?"
"No your just fine" she says embracing him in her arms.

Tenchi lays her down on the bed and begins to unbutton her pajama top. Ryoko
moans as Tenchi begins to rub her breast.
"Ohhhhh ….. Tenchi more, please do more."
He starts to suck on her nipple and caress her back. She arches her back and
screams in delight. She lifts Tenchi's shirt over his head and starts to
kiss
at his chest.

( Just in case you are wondering yes I am a guy, and no I don't have any
thing else better to do with you time)

    He then loosens the tie for the bottom of Ryoko's pajama bottom and
pulls
them off. She then takes his hands in hers and leads them into panties. She
moans in deep pleasure as Tenchi rubs her pussy.
    "Oh … Tenchi …. harder ….. please ….. don't stop."
    He slides her panties off, looking down to admire her naked and
beautiful
body. She look down and blushes as Tenchi stares at her. Tenchi's member is
getting hard and is bulging in his boxers. He seems uncomfortable the
pressure builds up and feels like he's going to explode.
    "Muuummmm…… Tenchi you look like your in pain (looking down at his
boxers) let me make it better (turning Tenchi over and laying him back, she
then proceeds in sliding off his boxers)."
    Tenchi lets out a sigh of relief. He then turns her over and starts
kissing her inner thy. She runs her hands through his long black hair and
cum
in his mouth.
"Ohhhhhhh….. my Tenchi I'm sorrrryyyy ohhhhhh I jusssttttt couldn't holddd
back any longer."
"Mmmmmmm …Ryoko don't worry about it, did you know that you taste like
peaches and cream."
"Oh Tenchi you always did know what to say, to make me feel good."

Tenchi then opens Ryoko's legs and positions him self over her.

" Ryoko are you ready, try to control your self."
"Yes Tenchi I'm ready."

Tenchi places his member at the opening of her pussy and pushes down with
great force. Ryoko lets out a scream of passion and pain.

"Oh my are you all right, I didn't hurt you did I?!!?"
"Oh no you didn't hurt me, please harder."
"But I don't want to hurt you."
" Oh Tenchi you sweet fool, you won't hurt me."
"Ok if you insist"

He then turn over and sets Ryoko on top of him, she starts to hop up and
down
on Tenchi's mid section with incredible force. She then has a stroke of
brilliance and teleports them into the Onsen. They settle into the warm
water
and resumes were they left off; Tenchi then presses Ryoko against the edge
of
the pool and begins to pound into her with an even greater force. Her mind
was racing as he drover into her with more and more force. Finally Tenchi
couldn't take it any more and neither could Ryoko the two came at the same
time and slid down to the ground. Exhausted Ryoko teleports them both back
to
Tenchi's room. The two lovers lay motion less in the bed, just waiting for
the other to say something. Tsunami and Ayeka walk into the room and have a
seat on the couch.

End….. see part 3-1 "WEDDING NIGHTS 1"
