The cold crisp morning air blew into Tenchi’s apartment building. The sun
beat down on his tanned
face, causing him to close his eyes tighter in hope for more sleep. Tenchi
rolled over and buried his face
into his pillow. He slowly turned back over and looked to the mantle next to

his bed. He sat and stared at
a picture of the family and Sakuya. A smile crept across his lips. He
thought
about when he found Ryoko
in her cave, when he met Princess Ayeka and Princess Sasami in there fight
against Ryoko, how he had
met galaxy police officers Mihoshi and Kione from there crash landing to
earth, how Ryoko and Ayeka
released the mad scientist, Washu from her entrapment. But a thought bounced

around in his head,“how
did they all end up in my house?” Sakuya how ever was different, special
even, she spoke to him when
now one else would on his first arrival to Tokyo. He cared for her very
much.

 (Knock, knock) Tenchi threw the sheets off of him, put on a pair of sweats
he had lying around, and
went to the door. “Good afternoon Tenchi,” Sakuya greeted him. Tenchi
turned
to look at his alarm clock
11:00am it read. “ Wow Tenchi, you slept long, I must have called you at
least a dozen times this
morning but all I got was your answering machine,” she explained. “ But
why
don’t we go to your house
for lunch? I would love to meet everyone.” She asked. “Sounds fine with
me I
need to visit everyone
anyway,” Tenchi said. Thoughts of Ryoko and Ayeka Freaking out raced
through
his mind and his teeth
chattered with fear. Sakuya quickly jumped into the portal and Tenchi
followed.

  Tenchi and Sakuya soon reached the Musaki home. “TENCHI!” a voice
called
from afar. Tenchi
squinted to see who it was but before he could he found himself on the
ground
and Ryoko kissing him all
over his face. “Oh Tenchi I missed you so much,” She said continuing to
kiss
him.“Yes, Ryoko I missed
you too now calm down,” Tenchi said. “You must be Ryoko I am Sakuya nice
to
meet you,” Ryoko
stopped kissing Tenchi and looked up glaring at the slender figure above
her.
“ Hi, you must be Sakuya
Tenchi never stops talking about you,” Ryoko said sarcastically. “Where
is
Ms. Ayeka?” Tenchi asked. “
Oh Tenchi you never know where that could be,” Ryoko answered. “REYOKO,
LUNCH,” Sasami called.
She waved to Tenchi from the back of the house. “HI TENCHI,” she yelled
and
then walked back inside.

  Everyone sat down for lunch. Tenchi sat in the middle of Ryoko and Sakuya,

Washu sat at the head of
the table, Across from Tenchi were Ms. Aeyka, Sasami and of course Ryo-oki,
and at the other end of
the table sat Mihoshi and Kione. “ Where are my father and Grandpa?”
Tenchi
asked. “ They went to the
hot springs for a couple weeks,” Washu answered. While everyone continued
eating, Tenchi Noticed that
Ayeka hadn’t touched a thing on her plate. She just sat there, hands
folded
on her lap as she looked
strait down at the floor ahead of her. “ Ayeka, Please eat something
today,”
Sasami pleaded. Ayeka got
up and slowly and walked to her room. But on her way up the stairs she
passed
out with a THUD. Tenchi
quickly jumped over the table to aid her. When Ayeka came to, she noticed
that Tenchi was holding her.
She quickly struggled out of his arms, walked into her room and shut the
door.

  Tenchi turned to Sasami and asked, “What is wrong with her?” “ She
hasn’t eaten for weeks. She just
sits there in the same spot every time eat, even made her favorite dish and
she still didn’t eat.” Sasami
said upset. Tenchi sat thinking for a minute she seemed fine when he had
left
for Tokyo but everything
changed after that, people started splitting up. “When about did she stop
eating,” Tenchi asked. “Well I
don’t know about a week after you left for Tokyo, Why?” Sasami asked.
Tenchi
walked upstairs. He didn’t
want to disturb Ayeka so he peeked through the key hole as the rest of the
family sat down and drank
saukie. He saw her grab something and hold it to her chest tightly. She just

sat there for a few minutes
and then laid down. Tenchi couldn’t make out what she was saying but it
sounded like “ Damn you Lord
Tenchi, Dame you.”

(Knock, knock) “Ms. Ayeka?” Tenchi walked in slowly. “Ms. Ayeka?”
She sat
strait up quickly spun
around and threw what she was holding like a ninja star. It barley missed
Tenchi, landed on the floor and
the glass from it shattered. It was a picture of the family, the same one
that Tenchi had on his mantle. “
Ayeka what’s wrong?” He asked her. She didn’t answer, walking closer
Tenchi
noticed she was crying,
she was crying and he didn’t know why. She senced him drawing nearerand
she
jumped up out of bed
tears still running down her face, her hand in front of her mouth, she
almost
looked terrified. Tenchi
walked even closer now he was right next to her. When she slapped him with
an
encredible blow. She
ran down stairs very fast and into Washu’s lab. Tenchi still stood in
Ayeka’s room holding the place that
burned with pain, eyes wide with amazement, he almost wanted to cry from the

pain, and when he
realized what had happened he ran after her.

  (Back in Washu’s lab) “ Miss Little Washu,” Ayeka almost fainted
from
exhaustion. “ Miss Little Washu
will you please hide me for a while I will greatly appreciate it?” Ayeka
asked. “I Suppose, only because
you called me Little Washu,” Washu said.” Ayeka?” Ayeka turned around
quickly “ What Miss Washu?” “
Running from your problems won’t solve anything,” she told her. Ayeka
ran
behind some bushes she
sensed Tenchi coming. “Little Washu I need to talk to you it’s
important,”
Tenchi explained breathing
heavily. “ Tenchi, what’s the matter,” She asked. “Have you seen
Ayeka I
need to find her and fast,” He
said franctically that she had done something foolish. “ I take it it’s
important. She is right over there,”
Washu told him. “ Thanks allot Washu,” Ayeka thought to herself. Tenchi
slowly walked over to her but
she was fast in thinking. She threw one of the plants in Tenchi’s face and

ran outside while he pawed to
get the dirt out of his eyes.

  “AYEKA WAIT,” he yelled. He turned and looked at Washu disappointed.
“What is the matter with
her?” he asked her. “She is hurt Tenchi. She feels betrayed as if you
don’t
care about her,” She
explained. “ But why would she feel that way? I have always cared about
her
and how she feels. I don’t
know why she is hurt though,” he said. “Well if you took the time to
notice
Tenchi. Your so caught up in
Sakuya and yourself, you don’t take any time to realize what it is doing
to
any one else. Ayeka has to be
the most effected by it. She doesn’t eat, she doesn’t sleep, she sits
there
in her room holding that picture,
looking as pail as ever, waiting for you.” she pointed out.

 Tenchi took a few steps back ward in amazement. He couldn’t believe what
he
was hearing, face still
black with dirt. He turned and ran after her wondering were she could be. He

had to get things strait.
“HEY! Tenchi whacha doing?” Ryoko fazed down to she following him as he
ran.
“Where is Ayeka?” he
asked not realizing the consequence of what he was doing. “WHAT? what do
you
want that thing for. I
know where she is though,” she said slyly. “ Tell me Reyoko I need to
explain a few things to her,” He
argued. “She went to that dumb tree she is always talking about. That
Funaho
thing, Yosho’s ship.”
Reyoko disappeared.

 At Funaho, Ayeka sat to catch her breath. She pulled a carrot out of her
pocket knowing she had to eat
something or she would faint and find herself in Tenchi’s arms again. She
sat
under the trees protection,
nibbling her carrot, thinking about Tenchi and how upset she was over what
he
had done to her. She
shivered at the thought of Tenchi holding Sakuya instead of herself. She
also
remembered the time she
had called him and told him how she felt about him. Telling him she loved
him
and his response. “I like
you too”, raced through her mind over and over agian. Her heart began to
ake
with pain and sorrow. She
hated Sakuya, wanted her to leave forever and never return.

“Ayeka?” Tenchi stood before her catching his breath. “What is the
matter
with you? First you throw a
picture at me that nearly took my head off, then you throw a plant in my
face. Why would you do
something like that?” He felt her head for temperature she jerked away not

saying a word. “ You never
cared about me Tenchi. You care about Sakuya while I sit here and feel
nothing but hurt inside,” She
said as tears began to form in her eyes. “ I have to go and take Sakuya
home
I’ll be back to talk to you. It
is getting dark and she doesn’t like to be alone in the dark,” He
explained,
and began to walk away.
“SEE! YOU ALWAYS HAVE TIME FOR SAKUYA, WHEN I NEED YOU, SO DOES SHE! GO TO
HER
THEN TENCHI. FORGET ABOUT ME I SHOULD JUST TAKE MY LIFE RIGHT HERE RIGHT
NOW.
I
CAN’T TAKE THIS ANYMORE. I AM TIRED OF BEARING THIS PAIN. I CAN’T DO IT
FOREVER SO
JUST GO AND FORGET ABOUT ME. I’LL JUST GO BACK TO JURAI WHERE YOU CAN’T
HURT
ME
ANYMORE!” She screamed. Tenchi ran back and pleaded on his knees “ No
please
don’t, I am sorry,
don’t go because of me.” She just stood there trying to hold back the
tears
already running down her face
as the sun was beginning to set. “Why shouldn’t I? My heart has already
been
broken. I am tired of
fighting Ryoko, Sakuya, and everyone else for the chance to be with you.”
She
passed him slowly
walking away. Tenchi stood there watching her.

 “Tenchi?”  Ayeka looked up to see Sakya watching her walk away. “
Ayeka,
can I speak with Tenchi
privately?” She asked sweetly. Ayeka looked up at her with a fire in her
eyes. She raised her right fist
and brought it upon Sakuya’s left cheek. “Bitch,” she yelled, and
continued
to walk on, faster now.
Sakuya dropped to her knees crying loudly holding her cheek. She spit a bit
of blood out from her mouth
crying as Tenchi ran to her side. Ryoko showed up standing next to Ayeka.
“Nice job princess Tenchi will
really want you after what you did to his beloved girlfriend,” She said
happily. Ayeka looked at her,
“Would you like it if I hit you that hard as well?” and continued her
pursiut toward the Masaki home.
Ryoko stood there stunned that Ayeka had said something like that to her.

 “Sakuya, are you ok?” Tenchi asked. Sakuya still crying burying her
face
in her hands. “No, no I am not
all right Tenchi, Ayeka just punched me. I want to go home,” She said
frantically. “Well I need to go and
talk to Ayeka about what she did, I will have Ryoko take you home ok? This
is
very important I’m sorry,”
He said. Ryoko turned around glaring at Tenchi for suggesting such a thing.
“
Please Ryoko I will do
anything,” he pleaded. “I‘ll probably end put staying over night, I
will
talk to you tomorrow. Waving
goodbye to Sakuya, Ryoko stubbornly took her home. While walking home Still
sniffling Sakuya asked,
“Why does Tenchi stay with someone that treats him like that?” To her
amazement Ryoko answered, “As
much as I hate the tramp, I understand how he and she feel about each other.

They love each other, as
much as I don’t want to belaeve it, I have to. I live with it every day,
watching them look at each other
and not see them together. I have fought with Ayeka for too long. I have
lost
every time because of the
connection between the two,” Ryoko looked up at the stars “ you owe me
Ayeka,” She looked over at
Sakuya to see her cry. Her dreams of being with Tenchi were shattered
because
of what Ryoko had told
her. When they reached Sakuya’s house she turned to shut the door when
Ryoko
calmly said “ He may
love Ayeka, but he does care allot about you too. I wouldn’t start a fight

that you’ll lose. Remember that
Sakuya.” And she vanished in front of Sakuya’s teared up eyes.
