Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters therein.  Tenchi 
and co. are the property of Pioneer and AIC.  So please don't sue me.
Yes this is a lemon, so don't read it if you are under 18, yadda yadda. And no, 
I don't write Sasami lemons, I shun them.  


		Alternate Scene to Tenchi Muyo episode 6
		Tenchi meeting Tsunami
		by Argus Cromwell a.k.a. Dade Gifford

	Tenchi opens his eyes groggily.  The last thing he remembered was being on 
the bridge of the Ryu-oh, as the Soja was firing on it, and the Light Hawk Wings 
were out.  Then, an explosion...and here he was.  But what was here?  He looked 
around.  A pretty blank place, with a few trees.  And he was clad differently, 
too.  He was busy trying to sort out what had happened, when she showed up.  She 
had a sort of bluish green hair, a perfect complexion, and pink eyes.  <She's 
beautiful...> thought Tenchi.
	The woman walked up to Tenchi.  "I am Tsunami, a goddess.  And you, 
Tenchi, directly affect in your future Sasami, the one with whom I am merged.  
So I am obliged to help you get back to where you were.  However, the one you 
are destined to fight, Kagato, is much too strong for you, currently."
	"Wha-what are you talking about?  What happened?"
	"You would have died, Tenchi, had I not saved you."
	"I still don't understand.  What's going on?  Where's Ryoko and Aeka and 
the Ryo-ohki?" 
	"The Ryu-oh was destroyed Tenchi.  Aeka and the others are fine.  However, 
they believe you are dead, and are challenging Kagato to a battle that they will 
lose."
	"I gotta get back there and help them!" exclaimed Tenchi.
	"Exactly.  As I said, though, you are not currently equipped for a battle 
with Kagato, so I must awaken your hidden powers."
	"Like what"
	"You will see when the time is right."
	Tenchi looked about, really noticing the trees this time.  They all looked 
somewhat like the Ryu-oh.  And Funaho.  "Okay, so, go ahead then.  I need to get 
back there!"  Tsunami looked into Tenchi's eyes.  "Yes, but I need your consent.  
You see, I can't just transfer them through a simple touch, Tenchi."
	Tenchi was going to ask her how she knew all this, how she knew his name 
and such, but for some reason, he felt as if it would be a stupid question.  
"Okay..how, then?" Tenchi was completely in the dark. Tsunami continued.  "These 
powers are transferred through bodily fluids, Tenchi."  
	Tenchi shuffled nervously, kind of shy about kissing a woman he didn't 
even know.  "Well, like kissing?" as if he didn't know.
	"I'm afraid that's not quite enough."
	Tenchi got the hint.  "I think I'll take my chances with Kagato, now," he 
said.  <I'm not even going to touch that one,> he thought.  "You cannot defeat 
Kagato in your current state.  He will destroy you," she stated calmly.  
	"How can you know that?" 
	"I know all, Tenchi."
	"So?  Can't we just get Ryoko back and run away?"
	"He will follow you until he gets what he wants."
	"There's got to be another way.  Look, I'll just try it without these 
hidden powers, alright?"
	Tsunami sighed.  "I know how much you care for Aeka and Ryoko, and you 
would not dare see them hurt, especially if you could've done something about 
it.  I know it's hard to believe, but you can't defeat Kagato in any normal 
way."
	Tenchi looked away nervously.  <Have sex, with this woman?> he thought.  
She just seemed to etherial to touch.  And again, there was that little fact 
that they'd just met.  "You've gotta be kidding.  There has to be some other way 
to transfer these powers."
	"No, there is no other way."
	Tenchi whimpered.  "Won't it...y'know....take too long?"
	"Time doesn't pass here, Tenchi," she replied.
	"Are you sure these powers will allow me to defeat him?"
	"They will give you the opportunity.  You must simply utilize it."
	Tsunami sidled up next to him.  She put her face close to his, put her 
nose alongside his.  She very slowly kissed him, a kiss which held for a while.  
Tenchi, a little taken aback by her boldness, couldn't think of anything to do.  
The only thing he could think from the moment that she kissed him was how 
beautiful she was, and how much he wanted her.  <Wait a minute,> he thought.  
<That's not me, that's her doing something to me!>  However, he was powerless to 
resist.  Even his will of steel was melted by her tender kiss.  She was all he 
could think about.  He desired her, and no nosebleed came, this once.  
	He caressed her, not thinking about his actions, just possessed by 
Tsunami's aphrodisiac of a kiss.  His erection touched her thigh.  Tenchi 
reached down and, unable to stop himself, unwilling to stop himself, he removed 
the new garments he was wearing.  He did expect her to do the same, but then 
noticed something a blind man would've sensed-she had no undergarments on.  They 
resumed their caressing, and his member touched the entrance to her sex.  
Tsunami lifted the hem of her coat, enough for Tenchi to see what he was doing.  
Unable to contain himself any longer, he began to enter her.  
	Tsunami was ready for this.  She prepared herself, as Sasami's emotions, 
still new to her, assaulted her system.  Normally, as a goddess, she was 
emotionless.  And sensationless.  But this was new, it was shocking.  Tenchi 
slowly forced his way in, past her tightness.  Tsunami didn't cry out, because 
she was too absorbed in these new feelings.  Tenchi, sensing that they needed a 
little better leverage, lifted her up, and Tsunami wrapped her legs behind him.  
He pumped into her, moaning with the effort and the feeling.  Tsunami panted 
lightly with each thrust.  Tenchi needed still more leverage, so he turned her 
around, put his left hand under her left thigh and his right hand under her 
right thigh, and held her up that way.  Tsunami, her back now to his chest, 
rested back on him.  She put her right arm over his shoulder, and did her best 
to aid in his efforts.    
	Tenchi was getting tired, but the oncoming climax gave him new strength.  
He opened his eyes, and vaguely he realized that every place they were touching 
was glowing with a bright white light.  He pumped still faster, faster, nearer 
to his climax.  She hit her orgasm, and the amount of lubricant on Tenchi 
increased, as well as the pressure on his manhood.  This was enough to push him 
over the edge, and he shot his seed up into her.  Tsunami cried out for a 
moment, as this new rush of stimuli hit her.  She shuddered in Tenchi's grasp, 
as he slowly sat down.  He lay back, tired.  Tsunami continued on, up and down.  
She had another orgasm, gushing what was left of her fluids, before resting on 
him.  
	Tsunami waited what seemed like an eternity before her composure was 
regained.  "It is done," she declared.  Tenchi was still tired, still overcome.  
He had heard what it was supposedly like at school, and with all those women 
around his house he suspected it would happen sooner or later, but was still 
overwhelmed.  And he could see that it had a similar effect on Tsunami.  
However, Tenchi couldn't help but feel a little ashamed.  Wasn't he supposed to 
feel like a man?  But he didn't.  He felt like he betrayed himself, for letting 
his will break so easily.  
	Tsunami stood before him.  She seemed to concentrate, and then Tenchi 
found himself in the Soja, a little distance away from where Ryoko and Kagato 
were fighting.....

	And you know the rest of the episode.
None of the women ever found out about that little tryst. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey, I decided that there weren't enough lemons featuring Tsunami.  Of course, 
that could be debateable....As long as you don't count the 10-chi clan's 
quickies, but I felt that was much too vulgar, as it was obviously intended to 
be.  I always try and put a little romance or purpose into my stories.  That was 
a challenge in this one, and I still feel somewhat hentai for using such a 
simple reason as the transfer of powers to Tenchi from Tsunami.  But I couldn't 
think of much other things that hadn't been done before.  But hey-I'm not sex 
obsessed, I'm love obsessed.  Sex just comes with that package, eventually. 
E-mail at cubone41@yahoo.com
