 Tenchi walked back home slowly. Trying to think of what he would say to
Ayeka to make up for the way
he had treated her. He thought of the first time they were alone together,
It
was raining and Ayeka had
twisted her ankle, So Tenchi kindly carried her on his back to a shed. He
found a medal box and started
a small fire to keep them warm. The first time they held hands he felt that
strange loving connection that
he had never felt before. He cared so much for Ayeka but he didn’t want to

hurt anyone like Ryoko or
Sakuya.

 He got back home and it was extremely dark and nothing shown down on him
but the stars and the
moon. He took a minute to gaze into the moon’s amazment thinking of
Ayeka’s
beautiful face. He walked
slowly into the house. “Tenchi?” It was Sasami. “Yes Sasami, why do
you look
upset?” “Well did I cause
any problems with anyone? I would hate to have done something like that.
What’s wrong Tenchi?”
“Sasami even though your young I guess I can tell you. See I have this
friend
and he lives with six girls.
He went to a different place and fell in love with a girl. He came home one
day with her to meet
everyone and found himself in love with someone that he never thought he
would love. Now he wants to
tell her he loves her but he doesn’t want to hurt anyone else.” Sasami
thought for a couple minutes.” So
let me get this strait Tenchi. You live with Kione, Mihoshi, Ayeka, Ryoko,
Washu, and Myself. You went
to Tokyo and fell in love with Sakuya but now that your back you have fallen

in love with Ayeka but, you
don want to hurt the rest of us. I am not stupid Tenchi.” She said making
a
peace sign and smiling. He
sat there in amazement. “Where is Ayeka?” “ She left to go to the
shrine to
pray a bit ago. Tenchi bring
her some blankets from our room it gets cold up there.”

  Tenchi slowly walked upstairs to Ayeka’s room and she was sitting on her

bed. “ Um excuse me Miss
Ayeka? I thought you were at the shrine, I was going to bring you some
blankets.” He attempted to walk
close to her. He sat carefully on the bed behind her, twiddling his fingers,

not knowing what to say. ”So
you actually care about me that much to bring me a blanket, I am very
suprised.” “ Of coarse I do Ayeka,
what you did to Sakuya was fair though. She never did anything to you.”
“See
Sakuya this, you always
talk about Sakuya anymore. You never say I look beautiful, or anything else
kind like that to me. I would
rather have you talk about Ryoko than Sakuya. Where you just using me or did

you really mean
everything you did for me. I am sick of playing a game that I won’t win
at.”
“Ayeka you don’t understand
this is really hard for me to choose between all of you like this. I really
care about you, Ryoko, Sakuya,
and the rest of the girls here. This isn’t easy for me Ayeka, you have got
to
know that.” “ I am tired of
playing the inosent princess figure Tenchi. I want to be with you not as a
jurian but just as a normal girl.
But, considering how you feel about Sakuya and the rest of them I am no
match. I won’t fight anymore I
will just sit back quietly and not say a word. Think of it as me not being a

part of your life any longer.”
“Ayeka I will always want you to be a part of my life.” “ I do too but
not
if you don’t care about me.”
Tenchi realizing finally how she felt, calmly moved forward and gentally
kissed Ayeka on her cheek. She
didn’t know what to do. She softly placed one hand on the back of
Tenchi’s
neck. She slowly moved her
head and they began to passionatly kiss. Their tongues intertwined as the
explored eachother’s mouths.
When Ayeka started crying.” I can’t do this Lord Tenchi. I am sorry.”
Tenchi
slowly got off the bed and
went into his own room.

 Later that night while everyone was sleeping Ayeka woke up. She slowly
walked over to Tenchi’s room
she didn’t want to wake him. She walked downstairs to Washu’s lab,
knowing
Washu never slept.She
walked in looking around with ciriosity. She spotted Washu typing on her
data
screen. “Miss Washu?” “ I
am busy who is it?” “Miss Washu it is me Ayeka,” She said politley.”
Aeaka
you know  you should just tell
Tenchi how you feel instead of run all the time.” Ayeka blushed knowing
Washu
was right. “ Yes Miss
Washu thank you for helping me realize what I need to do.” She waved
goodbye
and Washu winked
back, giggled softly watching Ayeka walked away.

 She went back upstairs and peeked into Tenchi’s room. He was sleeping
queitly so she walked in
farther. “Tenchi?” she said queitly. He twiched at he sound of her
voice,
She took a couple of stepps
back. She once agian began to walk closer. “Lord Tenchi I need to speak
with
you.” she said agian. He
agian twitched agian and sat up to see Ayeka. “ Miss Ayeka what are you
doing
in here?” he asked. “Lord
Tenchi I want to tell you now. How I feel, I want to tell you everything.”

she replied. He patted a place on
the bed beside him, a signal for her to sit. She slowly crept toward him in
a
paraniod way. She
nervouslyly sat down. “ What did you want to talk to me about?” He
asked. “
Well we were getting
enterupted all day today. I am also sorry for the way I reacted toward
Sakuya
that was very uncalled for,”
She replied. “ I guess it is because I am so scared in a way. Scared of
losing you to other women. For
once I would just like to be known simply as a girl named Ayeka, not
Princess
Ayeka. Tenchi I hated it
when you left for Tokyo I felt like you were disurting me. I know I sound
selfish right now I don’t mean to
be,” Tenchi shook his head to her last remark.” That was all I was
taught
growing up on Jurai, care for
yourself and no one else. But, remember when I called you that one day and
told you I cared for you?”
she asked “Yes I thought you had said you liked me,” he replied. “ No
but
when you told me you liked me
back I was devistated. I stopped eating, sleeping, talking, I didn’t do
anything. I felt betrayed Tenchi. I
have never felt that way in my entire life. I..I..I..I love you, Lord
Tenchi.
Blown away with this new
information, he was finally finding out how she felt about him. He could
finally understand why she was
so upset “ Tenchi, I understand that you care for me. But, do you love me?
I
don’t want another
misunderstanding.” She exlpained. “ Yes, Aeaka I..I love you too, from
the
bottom of my heart. Your
someone that I could live with forever. My heart beats faster everytime I am

with you I can’t control it but
I know it’s love. From the first molment we met I felt somthing very
strange
come over me. But now I
know it is love,”He said.

  Ayeka Slowly but carefully leaned forward to give Tenchi a small kiss. His

eyes widened with
amazment, not beleaving she was kissing him. She pulled back when she felt
Tenchi kissing her back. “ I
am sorry Lord Tenchi, this is all very new to me. Did you know I am still a
vergin. I was saving myself for
Yosho but he is much to old now.Then I met you and you were the only one I
wanted from then on. So
did the rest of us, felling like I could never win your heart, I began to
stop fighting,” She explained.
Tenchi new she was royalty but to wait that long was amazing. He bent
forward
and gave Ayeka a soft
kiss but didn’t try to open her mouth.

  She began to kiss him agian softly one by one, their tongues touched, eyes

closed tightly. Ayeka put
her hand behind Tenchi’s head playing with his hair and pulling him
closer.
Tenchi traced Ayeka’s cheek
with his finger contiuing to kiss her. He never wanted to let her go,
staying
in this possition like this was
enough. He put his hands around her waist pulling her even closer. Ayeka
opened her eyes from suprise
and agian closing them thinking about how wounderful this was. He kissed her

agian on the cheek
working his way down to her hand were he kissed with honor. Tenchi moving
his
hand very lightlty toward
her shoulders. Removing her top robes carefully. He had successfully removed

everything but her body
suit Tenchi didn’t know what to do. His gut told him to go for it. Ayeka
took
a deep breath and Tenchi
calmly unzipped the back of the tightly suctioned suit. After the suit was
off she took anouther deep
breath exposing her snowy skin. She was like a baby being born agian. Tenchi

felt erect looking at her
standing there naked in front of him. Her figure was so unrealistically
perfict he couldn’t beleave it, Her
breast were shaped eprfactly not to big not to small, her stomack was agian
another perfection she didn’t
look anerexic but had the body of an angel. She stood there not making a
move
or sound. She folded her
hands and continued to stare deep into Tenchi’s eyes. He carfully stepped
out
of bed and walked toward
Ayeka. He opened his arms so that he could hold Ayeka’s soft milky skin.
He
slowly took off his boxers.
Ayeka giggled staring at his erection think it was large and long, she
giggled agian to the thought. He
picked her up as if carrying her over the threshhold and gentally placed her

on his bed. He layed down
next to her kissing her cheek. She moved and bagan to kiss him back. Their
tongues wineding with
eacothers exploring the new features of their mouths. Ayeka’s hand crept
down
the blankets and felt his
errection agianst her leg. She soflt wrapped her hand around his erection
and
began to tease and play
with it. Soflty pulling out and pushing back in over and over agian as they
continued kissing. She broke
the kiss and crawled under the blankets removing her hand from his
extention,
and engulping it in her
mouth. soflt and slowly moving up and down. Sucking a bit harder each time
she went down. Tenchi’s
eyes rolled back into his head with pleasureputting his hands on Aeaka’s
head
pushing her down faster
as she sucked harder Tenchi felt his mouth grow dryer. As Ayeka went down a
few more times Tenchi
couldn’t resist, he clinched his teeth together, and exploded in Ayeka’s

mouth. She sprung up, cemen all
over her lips. She didn’t know what to do, in an exited mannor licked it
all
up and swallowed. “ Tenchi
that was srange but at the same time, it felt good,” she said with glee.
Tenchi sat up to kiss Ayeka long
and very passtionatly. “ Um, Lord Tenchi?” she broke the kiss. “Yes
Ayeka.”
“Have you ever done this
before?” He blushed. “Honestly Ayeka I am the same as you no I have
never
done this before. I was
waiting, waiting for the right one,” He answered. She moved forward for a
long kiss. Tenchi gentally
rolled Ayeka onto her back, their lips still locked together tightly. He
kissed her softly but long and
passionatly.

  He bagan to kiss her down her body past her perfactly shaped breasts, past

her stomack, and to her
sureal area. He bagan to lick her slowly, teasing almost, Arching her back
Ayeka pulled Tenchi’s hair.
Pushing his head in farther. He bagan to lick faster but lighly in that
sensitive little spot. She too began to
feel very hot, mouth growing a bit dryer than normal. This was an experiance

she had never felt before.
He continued to lick more argressivly “mmmmmmmm,” Ayeka began to let out

small moans. He could
tell she was enjoying the experiance. He started much faster ad Ayeka
couldn’t take it anymore.
“AAAAAAHHHHhhhhhh Tenchi!,” He quickly covered her mouth trying not to
disturb the other people
sleeping in the house. Ayeka giggled numerous times, there was cum all over
his face she thought is was
quite amusing. He wipped it of with his hand and began to lap it up, like a
small boy licking the chocolate
out of a mixing bowl. Tenchi enjoyed every minute of it. “Tenchi I am
ready.” He looked at her as if
confused. “ I want you be inside of me. I am ready, your the one, I know
it,” She said lovingly. Tenchi
layed down. Ayeka climbed on top of him kissing gradually in differant
parts.
She placed her hands on
his chest and slid down his erection. Biting her lip as a small sign of pain

Tenchi grabbed her hips to help
her along. She slid up and down slowly with pain, happiness, and love
running
in the same emotion.
Tenchi rolled her over and found. Aeaka under him, he found himself in the
push-up position on top. She
was already wet. He slid in and out of her. He continued on and on.She was
clawing at his back, digging
into his skin. He could not feel a thing, just Ayeka was all he felt at the
molment. He rolled back over so
Ayeka was ontop once agian. Tenchi began to move faster and harder up and
down, up and down. He
sat up hugging her. Slamming every inch of his erection into her body,
sendng
a hot surge of energy
through their minds. Ayeka almost in tears from the enormus amount of pain.
Hugging Tenchi around his
head as he hugged tightly around her waist. She felt calmn and then
“AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH TENCHI! OH GOD!” she screamed from
pleasure.
“MMMMMMM AYEKA!” Out of breath and almost unconcous they fell back on
the
bed. Breathing
heavily, Ayeka layed on his chest. Tenchi running his fungers through her
hair kissing her on the forhead.
She just layed there in total peace staring at the stars and the amazing
moon.

  About and hour later Tenchi found that he couldn’t sleep. He could hear
a
faint voice in the distance.
“Tenchi, where are you?” Tenchi calmly moved a sleeping Ayeka off of his

body and layed her next to
the window. She flinched. He walked out of the room quietly, hoping not to
disturb his sleeping beauty.
He tought it sounded like Kione. He quickly went outside walked outside.
Passing the creepy trees
hovering over himself. “Tenchi,” the voice called agian. In front of his
he
saw Ryoko. She was sitting on a
rock holding cuddleing herself. “Ryoko? What are you doing out here so
late?” as he walked colser he
saw that she was crying. “ So I guess this means you really love Ayeka? I
just wanted to feel real love
Tenchi. Can’t you understand that. All I ever wanted was you and I to live
in
a small house by our selfs,
like a Feairy tale almost,” Tenchi walked closer to her and sat down next
to
her. “Ryoko, I am very sorry.
Yes, I love Ayeka, You have to belave it was not easy choosing one of you
when I felt the same about all
of you,” He explained. He looked at Ryoko but all she did was weep staring

ahead of her, down the road.
He took his index finger and softly lifted her chin up, looking at him with
her teared golden eyes, wipping
her tears away with his thumb, She was the last person he ever thought that
would feel sorrow or pain
“Tenchi I love you, I always have. But I can see you would rather be with
Ayeka so I will stand down. I
just ask for one thi
