Suddenly the door flew open to reveal Ayeka with a look or insaine death on
her face,tears still
streaming. “Tenchi you women using backstabber, I HATE YOU!” she
screamed.
Ryoko  woke up
astonished pulling blankets over her naked body, scared of what Ayeka might
do to them. “Ryoko, you,
you, BITCH,” she yelled. Ayeka turned around and ran away as one single
tear
fell onto the floor. Tenchi
looked at the tear with stupididy. Quikly putting just his pants on he ran
after Ayeka. He ran down stairs
to Washu’s lab “Washu, where is Ayeka?” he asked frantically. “Well
if I
know Ayeka she is going back to
Jurai,” she explained wisley.” “Thank you Washu,” he ran outside to
see
Ayeka lifting of the ground.
Tenchi tried to run and grab her but she summond all of her energy and threw

it at Tenchi surrounding
him in a bubble of power, sending him backward. “ I hate you, Lord Tenchi!
Go
back to that demon
witch,” she screamed still rising. “ Little Washu can I have my ship
Ryu-oh
now?” she asked. Washu
came outside with a smile on her face,” yes Ayeka it is ready but you have
to
call for it.” “Come to me
Ryu-oh!” she yelled. “Ayeka, no I am so sorry I didn’t mean it
honestly, I
love you,” he called to her. She
was floating away with now way to catch her as the rest of the family
watched. “ No, Ayeka. What have I
done to you,” Tenchi said.

As he was walking inside he noticed someone running down the path.
“Tenchi,
help me please,” she
yelled. Tenchi noticed it was Sakuya with a frightened look in her eyes. She

ran into Tenchi’s arms as he
embraced her. Ayeka seeing this was not pleased and to show that she was not

happy she sent a surge
of energy at the house causing Tenchi and Sakuya to separate. “ Die,
bitch!”
she yelled. “Ayeka stop this
madness now,” Tenchi yelled at her. “See yet agian you take her side.
Like
always Tenchi. I hate you.
You should be happy in the life you have choosen, a life without me,” she
argued as a single tear fell
down her cheek. With her last remark she dissapeared out of everyone’s
sight.
“ Go, Ryo-oki,” a voice
screamed. Tenchi turned around to see Ryoko. She looked at Tenchi and
winked.
“I guess I owe Ayeka
for what happened,” she said.

 The little cat like mouse meowed as it became the giant ship, Ryo-oki.
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sakuya
boarded the ship and flew after Ayeka. After a while they finally spotted
Ayeka heading strait for Jurai. A
giant screen appeared in front of the teary eyed Ayeka. “Ayeka, I am so
sorry
for what i did to you. I
should have thought about what it might do to you,” he said emotional.
“I am
right behind you Ayeka, I
am coming after you. I love you.” “Go away Tenchi I hate you. After you
comitt to me you screw Ryoko.
Go away Tenchi, just go back to earth and leave this live with me in it
alone,” she demanded. “I see you
care enough about me to tell that we shared an intamite molment together
also, Tenchi,” Sakuya added
in. Ryoko stepped over to Sakuya and slapped her with a great deal of force.

Sakuya dropped to the
ground crying holding the place that burned with pain. Ayeka’s eyes
widened
with grief. “ You did What
TENCHI?” Ayeka screached.  A large surge of energy formed in front of her
ship directed right at
Ryo-oki. “ FIRE, KILL THEM ALL,” she ordered. The large orb hit Ryo-oki
dead
on, sending it flying
away. Ayeka smiled and landed on Jurai and was Gtreeted by her mother,
Masaki.

“Oh, my daughter has finally come home!” she yelled. “Yes mother, I am
home
to stay for good now,”
she answered. “Are you married to that Tenchi yet?” she asked all googly

eyed. “No mother, earthlings
are so complecated especially him. I hate Tenchi Masaki.” Her mother
turned
around and pointed out
how lonley everything was while she was gone. “ But why would you hate
Tenchi? He faught your last
suitor so you and Sasami could stay with him,” she asked. “ I thought he

loved me mother, but he was a
liar and betrayed me,” she answered agian. “ Enough about them I am home

lets make the best of it shall
we?” He mother nodded and they walked aroung the castle.

(Meanwhile back in Space) “ Hurry Ryoko get Ryo-oki moving again I have to

get Ayeka,” he demanded.
“ Tenchi, Darling, SHUT UP! Ryo-oki just got hit with a powerful blast
from
Ayeka’s ship, she has to rest
for a minute. Thanks to your beloved girlfriend, Sakuya,” She argued.
Tenchi
looked at Sakuya
sturnly,”Why did you say that to her. Now, because of you I will have a
slim
to non chance of getting her
back.” he yelled. “ She slapped me, Ow,” Sakuya moaned with pain. “
I said
it because I want you
Tenchi. All to myself Damn it,” she screamed. “I hate what you have
done,
Sakuya,” He said. She glared
at him with a tear. “Well, than Ryo-oki if you are feeling better, lets
make
a crash opening on Jurai,”
Ryoko told her ship. “MEOW,” she answered and they started toward Jurai.

(Back on Jurai) Everyone celebrated with their finest wine because the first

princess of Jurai was back
home to stay. “Hail Princess Ayeka,” everyone shouted. “MEOW,” a
distant
scream came. Ayeka’s eyes
widene as she saw Ryo-oki coming straight for they Castle. “NO,”She
screamed. Screams came from the
room of frantic people. Ryo-oki came crashing through the glass cutting
people, their cloths, and the
walls. Ayeka put her arms to the side in the air and used her powers to
protect her and her parents.
When the smoke cleared the scared people stood up slowly holding their
wonds.
Ayeka put her arms and
her sheild down. The door of Ryo-oki opened and Tenchi ran out looking for
Ayeka. Ryoko and Sakuya
followed tenchi down the way. Tenchi ran to Ayeka and stopped right in front

of her. Ayeka’s parents
stood on both sides of her watching the strange boy. “Ayeka, words can not

begin to explain how sorry I
am. I was a fool to miss place your trust and to hurt you so much,” He
went
on as she snuffled. “I am so
so so sorry for what I have done to you. I love you so much and felt so
discused after each thing I did
with these two. I missused and neglected you at the time you needed me the
most and am very sorry for
that, “ He at this time was shedding a few tears of his own. Ayeka looked
away from him as the tears
from her eyes fell to the floor. “Lord Tenchi I can’t bare the pain of
what
you have done to me,” she
shouted. “ If you want to be with that Hussie than GO AHEAD! I am staying
somwhere where you can’t
hurt me anymore. Nothing you say or do can take back what you have done.”
“I
know, I am so sorry and I
can’t take back what I have done to you I still love you and tell you in
front of everyone right now. I love
you and only you, not Sakuya not Ryoko only you.” Tears floded her eyes
agian
as she dropped to her
knees crying. “Please don’t cry Ayeka,” he pleaded. He bent down and
slowly
placed his hands hesitently
on both sides of her arms and picked her off of her knees. In front of
everyone he looked her straight in
the eyes and bent closer to kiss her. With tears stil running heavily down
her cheeks, she wrapped her
arms around his neck and pulled him closer. His hands stayed in place on her

sholders, everyone
cheered Sakuya stood in grief watching the two as if they were two turtle
doves in mad love. She looked
to the side to see Ryoko crying and also clapping to the happiness of the
two.

 “ Mother, Father I wish to return to earth and stay with Lord Tenchi,”
she
told. They nodded with
happiness in their eyes. Tenchi bowed down in respect for the royalty in
front of him. Hand in hand,
Tenchi and Ayeka walked into Ryo-oki and waved goodbye. Sakuya and Ryoko
walked onto the ship as
well and dissapeared in the darkness of the ships hull. As the door closed
and they became airborne
Tenchi and Ayeka continued to wave good bye and they turned to each other
and
kissed a special kiss
that they would never forget as they lived the rest of their lives together.

( Authors note: if you liked or did not like my story I would like to hear
your thoughts so e-mail me
PLEASE!. Thank you)
