
Disclaimer: Read the previous chapter's one I'm too lazy to write a new, but
don't sue me for using Bands and Songs for I'm not getting any money for this
and bands should see this as free promotion and product placement.

"They will land shortly, we should go outside and wait by the lake." Jase
suggested. Nods were the answer as the edgy and tense group made their way
down to the lakeside. Jase materialized a large picnic style blanket on the
ground and motioned to it, most of the group sat. Tenchi and Ryoko remained
standing as did Jase. "You might as well make yourselves comfortable,
worrying now will only make you second guess your decisions when the Astrals
land." Agreeing Tenchi and Ryoko sat on the blanket as Jase slowly walked
from the group to lounge under an oak that partially hung over the water.
The
group wondered why he would give them a place to sit and then distance
himself like he was. They knew he had feelings for them, he made it pretty
obvious the subtle suggestions innocent gestures and touches, smiles and
laughs. Jase sat with his head against the mighty oak and he stared over the
water soaking in the serene surroundings. He glanced up into the tree to
watch birds chirp and sing. The group just lounged around taking a moment
every moment to look over at Jase. Jase chirped back at the bird and held
his
finger out, to the groups surprise the bird flew out of the tree and perched
himself on Jase's index finger. Jase stared into the bird on his finger, he
slowly raised his hand to stroke the birds tiny body, the bird allowed him
and Jase let out a sigh and seemed to brush a tear from his face. No one
really knew if he did, his eyes were still hidden behind his glasses. The
bird took off and returned to his perch in the tree and resumed his song.
Jase then leaned foreword putting his chin on his hands, he just loved the
serenity of this place it was so beautiful and peaceful. This only caused to
wonder about Jase's past, which all they knew was in some strange way he
knew
Tsunami and knew someone who cared for our safety and the fact that Jase had
left Earth when he was younger and lived somewhere else and recently fought
the Astrals and was planning on fighting them today. Beyond that they knew
nothing, they didn't know where he lived, what he did, what he planned to do
if he survived this war, or even if he had a last name. In a strange way all
the women who lived in this house, trusted him and would believe anything he
said, he was quite charming and was a handsome young man and was concerned
with their well-being. They felt attracted to him but wasn't sure who he
truly was, it was more like a crush. But they were all very much in love
with
Tenchi, but his list of inhibitions and his indecisive actions were very
irritating, he wasn't completely oblivious to their emotions but knew if he
made a choice it would caused a jealousy that could have caused fights,
injuries beside all of the hurt feelings. The last thing Tenchi wanted was
to
see someone in pain and Jase felt the same. That's also another thing that
made Jase intriguing, he was a lot alike Tenchi. The time passed as no one
said anything, they wanted to break this tension but didn't know what to
say.
Time wasn't actually flying as Tenchi repeatedly glanced at his watch. They
all found themselves watching Jase but the worse part was he wasn't doing
anything. They were so bored they watched this stranger sit idly in the
shade
of a tree. Jase then looked up and glanced over to the blanket, everyone
immediately turned away to stare at some inanimate object. Jase stood up and
slowly walked over to the blanket. "I could swear, I'm getting popular
around
here."

"What do you expect, we're anxious and nervous and bored." Ryoko stated.

"So what do you want to do? We have about twenty minutes."

"Really only twenty minutes?" asked a nervous Sasami.

"Yeah it's about time I walk you up to the shrine, along with anyone else
who
wants to go." Jase stated while glancing at the people before him, he wasn't
attempting to force them to stay rather he was looking closely to who really
didn't want to be there. He looked around and saw faces that were very
nervous and didn't know what to expect, they didn't even know if the Astrals
were truly coming but accepted it because this stranger told them it was so.
But they all knew he only asked for that one thing, to trust him. His eyes
cascaded over the group and feel onto a Mihoshi that was curled into a fetal
position. "Mihoshi, come with Sasami and me, I insist." The group turned to
see the more-often-then-not beaming officer to be crouching with her knees
pressed into her chest rocking back and forth. The words flew from his mouth
but never reached her ears, she didn't seem to hear Jase. Jase walked to her
side and kneeled next to her and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder,
Mihoshi turned her head, Jase saw in her eyes her fear. "Come on Mihoshi
lets
go." as he gently moved his hand from her shoulder and tucked it under her
far arm, he gently lifted her from the blanket, she slowly put her weight
onto her feet and soon rested her head on Jase's shoulder. Jase proceeded to
walk toward the awaiting Sasami and upon arrival took her hand. In a blink
of
an eye the three vanished into thin air, obviously skipping the long walk to
the shrine Jase had teleported the other two with himself. In a few minutes
a
slight sound of leaves being stepped on was heard and Jase was touching down
from materializing just above the ground.

"What took you so long? Were you saying your good-byes?" asked a Ryoko
starving for conversation.

Jase simply looked up and said "I don't say bye unless I don't plan on
seeing
someone again."

"So you didn't say bye?" asked a visibly upset Ayeka.

"Like I said earlier I do have a slim chance of making it out of here so I
do
plan on seeing tomorrow so there isn't the need for any good-byes, which
I'll
add there isn't such a thing, all byes are in some way painful, bitter or
tainted with ulterior motives."

"Oh."

"Fifteen minutes and count..." said a distraught Jase. "Well, I know what
would take my mind off all this but I don't know if it will help you all."

"If it beats nothing I'm all for it." said Ryoko tainted with anxiousness.

"I can play something if you like. I know the perfect song but I can take
requests if I know the song."

"What do you mean play something, you don't have any instru..." as she spoke
Jase split into 4 people and had materialized a 2 basses with amps, a mic
with an amp, and a good drum set. Jase tested his equipment although he knew
it was as perfect as if Washu had made them herself.

"Ready when you are..."

"Go for it!" said Ryoko interested in what he would play as well as well as
he played.

"You all may know this song it is a song from Earth and is done by 3 Doors
Down..."

"It better not be Kryptonite if I hear that song one more time I'll scream,
they play it every half hour on the radio."

"No, it's not Kryptonite it's Duck and Run and I know what you mean, once I
get into the song you'll understand why I picked this song." And with that
the four Jases began to play Duck and Run (you can easily find some where to
listen to this song if you haven't heard it) After Jase wrapped up the last
chorus lines he stared out over the completely awed audience.

"Where did you learn to play and sing like that?" asked a curious Kiyone.

"At my job in the void."

"How would you have learned to play in the void, the only jobs there are
bars, a few diners, strip clubs and rest stops." Ryoko interjected.

"I served drinks in a bar."

"Last time I checked bartenders weren't exactly the best musicians."

"I'd love to talk but..." as Jase's tone hardened and expression became one
of pure concentration and seriousness "they are going to land in a matter of
seconds." The group understood, and could tell that Jase was very serious
about this battle, and with good reason since he had told them he would
probably die today. Jase slowly moved into a semi-crouching stance with his
head tilted toward the sky, his fists were clinched and his jaw tightened.
Almost immediately after the crowd looked to the sky a screech, an almost
deafening screech filled the air. The screech then ended and the group stood
silently searching for where the craft would emerge. Then the brave souls
who
know a battle not soon to be forgotten were hit with a thunderous silence.
No
sound could be heard. This calm before the storm seemed to slow down if not
stop time itself. Seconds felt if they were hours and the only sound to be
heard was your own pulse and your breathing. This eerie calm turned to a
maddening quiet. The warriors nerves were shot and patience long since
shattered. These few moments were ones of infamy to each. Then the craft
entered view, it was careening toward the lake at tremendous speeds. As the
others tensed they noticed a light and heat emanating from Jase. As they
slowly turned to Jase he began to power up. His raw energy flew forth
tearing
at the ground and ripping at the wind. His pure energy took the form of
transparent white light, as his max neared Jase seemed to be standing in a
vortex of light. As Jase powered up he knew that with this new energy he was
traveling well into unchartered territory. When he peaked his energy fled
forth as if the flood gates of his power had opened up. He charged up and
blasted off like a rocket, the force off his lift off was enough to make the
water recede from the bank and caused a small ditch almost an extremely
small
crater. As he hurtled toward the enemy craft he powered up an energy ball,
the ball was atleast four feet in diameter and when Jase was about halfway
to
the craft he shot the ball for the center of the craft. Upon the ball's
impact it shredded the ship's hull like paper, as the ball completely made
it
through the hull it detonated leaving the ship in large chunks that were
heading toward the ground like meteors. After the explosion four energy
trails made by someone flying away were seen leaving two inside. Jase sped
up
and disappeared into the smoke and debris. Everyone on the ground held their
breath as he entered the crashing wreckage. A few seconds after he entered
the wreck energy blasts were shooting from the falling debris. After about
twenty blasts the Astrals that fled the ship turned around and headed toward
the remains of the ship. Ryoko was about to blast off up there to help Jase
but Washu grabbed her wrist. Ryoko turned to Washu and without saying a word
aloud or telepathically Ryoko knew that she had promised along with everyone
else to let Jase do his thing until he was in real danger. Ryoko slowly
pulled her hand back and returned to watching the battle although all anyone
could see is a smoke cloud in the sky with energy balls and explosions
coming
from within. As the other Astrals neared the wreckage the group became edgy
knowing that there was no way he could handle them all at the same time. As
Ryoko, Washu and Tenchi began to take off the sky became black in a matter
of
seconds. Not knowing what to do they just stopped in their tracks. Then a
yellow glow filled the sky and an explosion similar to a massive fireworks
display boomed and the sky lightened. As the normal daily color returned the
ship was barely dust and there were only four Astrals left. The four
remaining Astrals powered up and shot powerful energy beams at Jase as they
shouted, "It's HIM! GET HIM! MAKE HIM PAY!"

Jase nimbly dodged the ensuing attacks and countered with his own which were
dodged as well. After firing multiple rounds at Jase the Astrals figured
since he was outnumbered the could quickly beat him in hand-to-hand. As Jase
was surrounded the Astrals quickly moved in, their experiences together had
obviously given them team knowledge, each knew what to expect from the
other.
The fast pace action moved quickly and was soon blocked from the smoke and
dust and the flashes of energy disruption, silhouettes were all that could
be
seen behind the screen of dust but they could easily tell which one was Jase
because he was the one surrounded by the rest. All of a sudden Jase flew
headfirst toward the ground and landed with a crash he made a decent sized
crater and he was no where to be seen. After the crash Ryoko and a few
others
attempted to go see if Jase was all right, but they were abruptly halted by
the barrage of energy balls they hurled at the crater. The crater erupted in
explosions and rocks were tossed from it with force. Tenchi and the others
looked on in horror, they had just witnessed the end of a great man. As
tears
welled up, a hissing sound was heard and an explosion followed. Car-sized
boulders were hurled into the air and disintegrated into sand as Jase arose
with a glowing aura of a transparent black, mini lightning bolts flew from
his body as the sound of electricity snapping filled the air, the others
stood stunned not believing what they were seeing. The Astrals were shocked
but it didn't stop them from resuming the onslaught. Jase flew from the
ground and singled out No. 9 the weakest of the group (6 and 8 were the ones
destroyed with the ship). Jase unsheathed his sword and with a look of pure
determination looked keenly into the eyes of 9, 9 had the look of a diver
staring into the face of a hungry great white, Jase charged and the
panic-stricken 9 didn't even react, three slashes later 9 dropped from the
sky like a bird who was shot, he hit the ground with a large thud and never
got up. The enraged Astrals lashed out with pure hatred, withdrawing their
weapons, 1 had a sword very similar to Jase's, 3 carried an electric whip,
and 7 had a Mace and a short sword. Jase looked eagerly to see who would
challenge him first but no one did, they all attacked together. Put in the
situation where he knew it impossible to come out unscathed he made sure to
avoid the points of any swords. He was successful in that but was hit
heavily
with rapid fire punches and kicks and the icing on the cake was that 7 was
able to clip him just above the left eye with the Mace, on impact Jase was
dizzied and then was hit with a powerful energy beam, he was able to keep
the
beam from directly touching him with a forcefield but the shear magnitude of
3's beam forced Jase sharply from the air and into the ground. Without
hesitation Ryoko bolted for the group, Tenchi and Washu about to persuade
Ryoko not to noticed that she wasn't going to be swayed they also noticed
she
was about to jump into a 1 against three scenario they quickly followed and
began to fight, Ayeka and Kiyone saw this and decided they couldn't just
stand there anymore. The Astrals saw them coming and thought nothing of
anyone except Ryoko because they felt that she was vaguely familiar. The
battle begun and the Astrals soon found out that these angry women and guy
weren't exactly pushovers but all in all weren't exactly going to beat them.
Jase wounded with blood oozing from his fresh wound was running down his
face, Jase thought nothing of it, his adrenaline had soon kicked in and a
mere scrap was far from registering in his mind. He noticed the others had
jumped in and he quickly began to call forth all of his reservoir of energy,
with a blast he shot upward into the sky as 1 used a devastating attack
which
he called energy burn. Basically a bubble of energy surrounds him and flies
out in all directions, if it hadn't been for all of them learning how to
create a forcefield everyone except Ayeka would have been incinerated
because
Washu's and Ryoko's would have immediately collapsed. They all fell from the
sky to be cushioned by Jase using telekinesis. After laying them on the
ground he shot up staring down 7 with a look that told 7 he wanted
retribution. As he reached 7, 3 attempted to kick Jase, Jase dodged and 7
received the brunt of the attack but Jase materialized an energy sword and
promptly stabbed 3 through the neck. 3 fell limp on impact, as soon as Jase
extinguished the sword 3 plummeted to Earth much like the ship and 9. Two
Astrals remained but Jase was very exhausted and the best of them all
remained, Jase knew together the others could take care of him but not
without a few casualties, Jase's game plan had been to end up with a
one-on-one showdown with 1 after taking care of the others so he wouldn't be
distracted or stabbed in the back. Jase looked over his shoulder to see the
others all ganged up on 7. 7's life was ended thirty or so seconds later and
none of them had anything worse than a scratch. As Jase turned to see 1 he
was punched squarely in the face by the charging remaining Astral. Jase's
head immediately recoiled, his wound opened more and then 1 kicked him in
the
stomache about as hard as he could. The pure force knocked all the wind from
Jase and left him gasping for air, 1 then grabbed Jase by the back of his
head and slammed Jase's head into his rising knee. Jase nearly blacked out
but distenctly remembered hitting the ground. 1 then powered up multiple
energy balls and hurtled them at the fallen Jase. Jase was hit by alot of
them his clothes were tattered and scorched. 1 touched down not to far from
the bruised and battered Jase and offered him a challenge "How about we
settle this with an energy beam face-off, we both pick and energy beam and
the one left alive wins, what do you say?"

"Pick your poison." said the Jase rising to his feet.

"All right! We should of did this back on Quodos X-51"

"I'm not the same guy you faught two days ago. I'm a lot stronger now."

"I know but the challenge intruiges me. Besides there isn't much of the
Astrals left."

"I would have to say that you really didn't care about them, did you?"

"Sure didn't, I could replace them any time I wanted but we worked together
okay, but we have really been falling apart since you came along and didn't
want us to kill Ayeka and Sasami. Man! If we could of hit that job we would
have been set for life. But what am I saying thanks to you I don't have to
split the money 9 ways it's all mine! By the way I see Ayeka but where's
Sasami?"

"Like I would tell you!"

"Well if you won't I make someone over there tell me."

"You're not going to lay a finger on anyone of them-"

"Unless I go through you, I bet."

"No you just won't touch them at all!"

"Enough chit-chat if you wn't let me have them I'll take them but we could
split the money, half of the pot of money is enough for me to retire for
life."

"I bet, out of pue curiousity how much are the two princesses of Juria worth
to your bidder."

"You're considering my offer!"

"NO! I'm only curious how much money you were willing to die for."

"Well then I"m not going to tell you, because I'm not willing to die for any
amount of money because I'm not going to die! Let's get to it!"

"Ready when you are!"

"Let's go!" With that the two most powerful men in th universe charged up
everything they had.

1 began to shout "Mind's Eye" as a red triangle was formed linking energy
coming from a triangle on his forehead with triangles in the palm of each
hand.

Jase held his hands as if you were expecting rain and shouted "Dark Matter"
as a black ball the double the size of softballs formed in each hand.

The fighter's starred one another in the eyes as the engaged with their
attacks. The mighty beams met in a mix of read and black causing everything
to become a color of dark crimson. The pair stood 50 feet apart and their
combined energy made up all the space between them. The energy continued to
grow but when it ran out of room to grow out it grew up and down. The crater
being made by the energy was deepening at an alarming rate, Washu was waking
when she saw the showdown and started contemplating that if someone didn't
have enough energy to push the rest away from the ground they might not
survive either. The energy collected and the fight continued but Jase's
supply of energy was wearing thin, while still firing everything at him that
he could he began to absorb energy from the ground and air but he was
putting
a lot more energy out than he was putting in. Luckily 1 was weakening but
these two warriors weren't giving an inch either way. The entire group arose
and could only watch as the two combatants attempt to decimate each other.
Jase was slowly falling to his knees, he put everything he could into his
attack, Jase then noticed everyone was behind him, if he lost this inverted
tug-of-war it would definetly kill the others. As if he got a second wind or
a last ditch effort to overthrow the fight Jase doubled his attack 1 was
about as weak as Jase, he attempted to stop Jase's onslaught but alas he
realized the fight was all but over, with his last bit of effort he charged
lasers to shoot from his eyes and yelled to Jase "You've won but I won't be
going alone!" As he said this Jase readied for a last ditch effort on
himself
but as 1 shot Jase thought that he missed Jase saw the beams and traced them
to their target.

It was Ayeka and Ryoko. The beams hit the unsuspecting duo as Jase shouted
"LOOK OUT!"

The beams hit them and traveled straight through them causing golfball sized
holes. Maniacal laughing was the last sound heard before he was engulfed in
the energy. Jase turned his weak beam upward pushing the excess energy into
the sky he almost used every drop of energy he had to ensure the others
safety. Once he was satisfied he dropped to his knees before the fallen
beauties. Fighting tears he placed a hand on each of the girls wounds, no
one
understood what he was doing Washu, Kiyone and Tenchi had all fallen to
their
knees and could only cry as they watched Jase kneel before them. But moments
later the entire area around them was illuminated with a bright white light,
it almost gave comfort to the three watching the stood wearily and walked
over to Jase and the pair of Ryoko and Ayeka. Jase fell face first into the
ground and the three spectators only looked on, only a matter of seconds
passed and then both Ryoko and Ayeka opened their eyes. Jubilation filled
the
faces of everyone except Jase who still lay with his face in the dirt. Their
looks of joy soon turned pained when Washu tuned Jase over to reveal that
Jase had taken their wounds.

"Oh my god is he... he dead." Ayeka said pained with tears flowing forth.

"He isn't breathing but he still has a very weak pulse if I get him to my
lab
he might make it." with that everyone teleported to Washu's lab. "Everyone
leave I'll be able to work better without anyone else around." Everyone
walked with the image of Jase lying on the table with a breathing mask on
wounds in his chest and a gash over his left eye.

Three hours later, Washu emerged from her lab with a very sad look on his
face. The others stood with dried tears staining their face with their hands
drawn to their chests."He's breathing and everything on his own and I've
patched up the wounds..."

"But?" Ryoko said trembling

"He's completely comatose. He doesn't respond to any stimuli and..." she
began to choke up "he could wake up in 15 minutes or not at all. I've done
everyting I can, all we can do is pray that he's strong enough and pull
through. I'm going to monitor him to make sure he doesn't take a turn for
the
worse. If he makes it through the night he has a slightly better chance to
get better."

Everyone resumed their thinking which for the most part was them blaming
themself for his possible demise and replaying the events over and over
again
in their mind. This hit Ryoko and Ayeka the most, they couldn't help but
feel
responsible, although Jase had said he would do it if it was neccessary. The
night lasted forever and when morning came on this summer morn Washu emerged
and could only say "No better and no worse."
