Tenchi's Crush Part 1: Realization

I DONT OWN TENCHI OR ANY OF THE OTHER CHARACTERS

Tenchi wiped his forehead to get rid of all the sweat from working in
the field all day long.  He was walking down the dusty path back to the
house, listening to all the lovely sounds of nature along the way.
Suddenly, he heard a noise, he scanned the area, but found nothing.  All
of a sudden someone tackled him to the ground.  As he was falling he
fumbled all of the tools and they hit him as well as the mystery person
who crushed him.  When Tenchi came-to all he saw were gleaming spikes of
cyan hair.

"Ryoko?" Tenchi managed to say.

"Hello lover," Ryoko said showing her fangs.

This made Tenchi extremely scared, so he flailed his arms and legs to
break free, but he couldn't.  Ryoko, the most wanted space pirate in the
universe, was just too strong for Tenchi to break free from.  Tenchi
still kept trying, flailing and whimpering like a frightened puppy, but
to no avail he was still pinned.  Ryoko licked her fangs and started to
kiss Tenchi's already sweaty face.  Tenchi just yelped and squirmed.
Ryoko didn't mind, she enjoyed him trying to break free.  To her it was
like some erotic fantasy.

"Ryoko....please.....stop," Tenchi whimpered.

"Oh Tenchi, come on, why won't you give into your feelings?  You know
you want it.  I can tell," Ryoko said thinking she had won this little
"argument."

"No, now please get off of me," Tenchi said.

"Hmph, fine!" Ryoko snorted in disappointment.

"Lord Tenchi!  Lord Tenchi where are you!" Aeka called from a distance.

"Oh shit, Aeka's coming!" Tenchi said as he squirmed yet again to free
himself from Ryoko.

"That bitch just has to ruin everything!" Ryoko said.

Aeka kept walking getting closer with each stride.  Tenchi, still
squirming, keeps begging Ryoko to get off of him.  Ryoko just ignores
him and keeps an eye out for Aeka, wanting her to see her with Tenchi in
this awkward position.

"Ryoko!  Get off of Lord Tenchi this instant!" Aeka yelled.

"Woah bitch, ever try a tic-tac?  You got some major hollatosis going
on," Ryoko said while laughing histarically.

"Be quiet you she-devil!  Get off of Lord Tenchi this minute or I'll
have to force you off!" Aeka screamed with her bad breath.

"Bring it on bitch!" Ryoko provoked.

Well, in every Tenchi episode you guys know what happens when Ryoko and
Aeka argue.  They started to fight, again, and Tenchi picked up his
tools, and sprinted to the house for his life.  When Tenchi reached the
house, he ran to his room.  When Tenchi layed his head back it landed
between two objects.  He moved his hand back to feel what was there, and
all he heard were light moans.  Tenchi slowly recognized them, and when
he turned around he was face-to-breasts with Ryoko.

"HOLY FUCK!" Tenchi screamed.

"Mmmmmm, that felt soooo good Tenchi.  Do it again," Ryoko seductively
said.

"Rrrr.....yyyyooo....kkooo!"  Tenchi yelled as he sprinted back outside
towards the shed.

Tenchi opened up the shed, and went into the back to hide.  Thanks to
Washuu, Tenchi had another room for himself in order to hide from the
psychos Aeka and Ryoko.  This is where Tenchi came to relax and do his
homework for many nights.  He had an additional bed in here too, so of
course he did what he tried to do before coming in contact with Ryoko's
rather large breasts.  Tenchi began to dream.......

*"Muhahahaahhahahahaha!  No one can stop me!" a mysterious voice said.

"Yahhhhh!" Tenchi yelled.

"Hahahahahah, was that an attack?" a mysterious voice mocked.

"Dammit, he's too strong!" Tenchi whispered.

"Tenchi, you can win!" the girls said faintly as they were injured upon
the floor.

"Eat this!" Tenchi screamed.

"DIE!" a mysterious voice yelled as he made his attack.

"Ughhhh, bastard got me, ughhhh." Tenchi murmered as he collapsed to the
floor.

"Hahahahahahahahaha, where's your hero now ladies, hahahahahahahahah"
the mysterious voice said while evilly laughing.

"TENCHI, NOOOOOOOOO!" Ryoko screamed.

"TENCHI! TENCHI NO! NO TENCHI! DON'T DIE!" Aeka said to herself while in
shock.

The other girls screamed and yelled because Tenchi's limp corpse layed
upon the bloody floor.*

"AHHHHHHHHHH!" Tenchi screamed just awaking from his horrible nightmare.

Ryoko, who's been searching for Tenchi this entire time hears this and
rushes to the site of the noise.

"Tenchi, darling, where are you?" Ryoko said concerned.

"Hhhhere I aaam Rrryyoko," Tenchi studdered still effected by his
nightmare.

"Why were you screaming?  What happened?  Was it 'cause you missed your
lover?" Ryoko asked with a hint of her charm.

Tenchi explained to her what happened.  Ryoko was shocked at this
nightmare, and in a way overreacted to the situation.

"Tenchi, are you ok?  Do you need anything? Some tea or food perhaps?
Just tell me Tenchi and I'll get it," Ryoko said tucking Tenchi back
into his bed.

**Wow, I've never seen her like this before.  She must really be worried
about me.  A whole different side of her.  She's so fucking hot.......**

"Tenchi!  Tenchi!  Tenchi!" Ryoko said while shaking him from his
pensive state.

"Huh? What? Oh sorry about that Ryoko, I think that dream still has me
concerned.  I think I'll go back to sleep again," Tenchi said while
rubbing his eye.

"Ok, just tell me if you need anything," Ryoko said with her caring tone
of voice.

Tenchi started to nod off to sleep, so Ryoko pulled up a chair from his
desk and just watched Tenchi sleep.  Soon she too became drowsy, and so
she yawned, stretched, and then she heard something from Tenchi.

"Ryoko...." Tenchi murmured while in his sleep.

**Oh my gosh, Tenchi's dreaming about me! Me! The most wanted space
pirate in the universe! He's dreaming of me!**

Ryoko finished her yawning and stretching and finally fell asleep with a
triumphant smile on her face.

End of Part 1

Cool! This is my first fan fic.  Soooooo, tell me what you think, my
email is        sptwombly1987@hotmail.com   Oh and it will get lemonier
later on for those of you who thought it was too dry.  JUST HOLD YOUR
HORSES AND LET THE STORY DEVELOP!  Well gimme some feedback, and I
should have Part 2 done by next week, if not sooner.  Love, Peace, and
Chicken Grease everyone!

-Sean