Tenchi Gala
Episode 6
"No need for a Villain."
Warning:  May contain sexual references and content.  If under 18, do not
read.


It was a beautiful, sunny day and the Masaki family had decided to play
volleyball.  The sound of laughter quickly turning to awkwardness sounded as
Mihoshi jumped up for a spike, missed, got tangled in the net, and fell to
the ground, motionless, except for the rotating spirals in her eyes.  Then
her bikini top fell off.  Noboyuki charged up like a viagra addict.  While
everyone else stood wide-eyed, Noboyuki was busy clicking photos.  Washu
stood to the side, aiming a perhaps too large beam cannon.  With the net
destroyed, everyone went inside.  As Tenchi closed the door, a loud
explosion
sounded followed by a high-pitched guffaw.  Tenchi and the others ran
outside.

"Daaadddd!" howled Tenchi.

Noboyuki didn't come down for another five minutes, during which everyone
waited. After about the aforementioned five minutes, there was a very
audible
splash followed by a sizzling sound.  Noboyuki had landed in the lake and
fried like dumplings cooked by Sasami.

"Yes!  My aim is perfect!  Why shouldn't it be, I'm only the most perfect,
cute, funny, likeable genius in the universe!"  As "A" and "B" popped up on
the mad scientist's shoulders, two blaster shots sounded shortly after an
"allow me." from Kiyone.

"Damn you!" yelled "A" and "B"'s heads in unison as they soared off into the
distance.  Sakuya's spirits hadn't been brought down in the slightest sense.

"Come in and swim, Tenchi!  The water's great!"

"Ok!"  Exclaimed Tenchi as he ran to the edge of the dock and did a
cannon-ball into the water next to Sakuya.  As he came up for air, he
realized that Sakuya had removed her top and was attempting to pull of his
suit.

"No, Sakuya!  Don't you know what happens when guys swim?"

"No.  What?"  asked an overly curious Sakuya.  She pulled his suit down.

"Well I guess anal's out.  Oh well."  Sakuya pulled him underwater. ^_^

"Well they certainly don't waste any time."  Commented Ryoko.

"I know, Lord Tenchi never was that…pardon the use, "open" with us." Chatted
Aeka as Ryoko nibbled her ear.

"Ryoko!"

"What?  Fine, but let's go somewhere quick, I'm really horny!"

"Keep it down!"  Hushed Aeka as they scuttled of toward the bushes.

"Ryo-ohki?"

"Myah?"

"Was it just me, or did Ryoko nibble Aeka's ear?"

"Myah."  As the cabbit and the gourmet princess sat in wonderment, Mihoshi
and Kiyone were relaxing on two very large inner tubes in the middle of the
lake.

"Kiyone."

"Yes?"

"Do you want to…"

"Why is it that you always want to be moving when you have nothing to do!
But when we have to earn a living, you just lay around the house!"

"I-I-I'm so sorry Kiyone.  I had no idea that you felt that way!"  Cried a
tearful Mihoshi.  Just then, "A"'s head plopped onto Mihoshi's lap.

"Ahhhh!  Get it off, Kiyone!"  Exclaimed the increasingly tearful Mihoshi as
she fell out of  her inner tube, knocking Kiyone into the water.  The water
steamed as Kiyone's head slowly emerged from the water, like a mammoth sea
monster in a badly made Japanese monster movie. (Cheap shot!)

"I can't believe how…"  Kiyone's mad rantings were cut short by a passionate
kiss from Mihoshi.

"Oh well…"  ended Kiyone as she sunk into blissful, lesbian love. ^_^

Somewhere around the general vicinity of the Earth's atmosphere…

"Well well well.  The galaxy's most incompetent officers, a voluptuous space
pirate, and a Juraian princess.  Quite the shame that they're all lesbians.
But Tsunami, a deliciously delightful late-teen by the name of Sakuya
Komashiro, and the the desirable adult Washu all seem perfectly suitable."
(And you thought that Noboyuki was the galaxy's greatest pervert!)

"We are approaching the small suburb of Tokyo, Okayama."  Says a computer in
the background.

"Excellent.  Land in stealth mode."

As the invisible space ship landed in a small clearing in the forest behind
Tenchi's house, the mysterious visitor appears out of the main hatch.

"Earth.  What a pitiful planet.  I can't think of any reason why all these
incredible women would be drawn here.  Oh well…" pondered the silent visitor
as he walked off toward the Masaki house.  When Ryoko drew away from Aeka
for
a moment, she saw the visitor.

"Shit!  It's Shenro!"  Just then the figure turned in her direction to see
Ryoko materializing into her red and black battle-suit.

"Ahh, Ryoko.  You haven't changed a bit.  What do you say you come with me?"
Growled Shenro as he charged up a green energy blast.

"I should have done this years ago!"  screamed Ryoko as she charged at
Shenro
with an energy sword.  She was blown back visciously by an excruciatingly
large blast from an energy crystal on Shenro's chest.

"Hey!  You leave her alone!"  yelled Sakuya as she charged at him with a
piece of driftwood.  Shenro shot a small green beam at her and she
disappeared.

"Sakuya!  What have you done with her you…you…demon!"

"You don't know how much that hurts me, Tenchi.  Ha!  What makes you think
you can possibly make me tell you anything?"

"Chew on this, pervert!"  came a loud yell from Washu as she shot him with a
demoglaphier.

"You tried that last time, Washu.  Did you think I wouldn't be ready!"
Shenro sliced the demoglaphier in half and shot a green beam at Washu,
causing her to disappear.

"Freeze!  You are under arrest pending the galaxy police code 45679!  What
do
you have to say, Shenro!"  Read Kiyone quickly as she fired a round with her
pistol.

"I'll fix the both of you!"  yelled Shenro as he beamed the police officers
away.

"Now for Tsunami."  Noted Shenro to himself as he prowled into the house,
looking for Sasami.  As he walked in he teleported the weakened Ryoko away.

"I won't let him get Sasami!"  yelled Tenchi as he grabbed his staff.  He
ran
in after him.

"Stay away, fool!" yelled Shenro as he sent Tenchi flying through the roof
with an energy blast.

"No!  Teennnccchiiii!"  screamed Sasami as Ryo-ohki clawed and bit at
Shenro's legs.  He kicked the poor little cabbit away and teleported himself
and Sasami away.

On Shenro's ship…

Ryoko awoke to see herself and the other girls nude and strapped into
enclosures in the walls.

"That faggot even took Sasami!"

"Now, now, Ryoko.  Let's all just try to relax."  Commanded Shenro as her
enclosure opened and he planted kisses all over her naked body.

"You always were quite incredible, Ryoko."  Continued Shenro as he felt
around her vagina.  Ryoko spit in his face.

"Oh!  So you would rather have a woman than me!  We will soon change that!
If you'll excuse me, I have some heterosexual women to seduce."  Growled
Shenro as he stomped off. He looked at Sakuya, Washu in her adult form, and
Tsunami.  They had all awoken, but were not angry do to the gases being
pumped into their enclosures.

"So Washu, do you like it?  It was a present from Doctor Clay before he
died.
 It makes heterosexual women's hormones run rampant.  A few more minutes and
every woman in this area will take sex from anyone.  You will forget all
about that boy Tenchi.  Hahahahaha!"  laughed Shenro as he examined the
other
girls' features.

"I think I'll start with Sakuya.  Then move to Tsunami.  Ohhh, Juraian Kama
Sutra!  And I'll save the best for last.  I want Washu so full of that gas
she'll get an orgasm before I even open her enclosure."

Back at the Masaki house…

Tenchi and Ryo-ohki sprinted and hopped through the woods, Tenchi with
binoculars.  As Tenchi ran past the shrine, he almost ran into Yosho.

"Tenchi.  Follow your senses.  You are Juraian.  You can sense Jurai's power
if Aeka chooses to release it."

"Right.  If I can just focus…"

"There's no use, Tenchi, you will just have to look regularly until she
starts to release it.  I'll keep on alert."  However, the ship was cloaked
and the only way was to use either the Jurai power or to get the ship's
cloak
to wear off somehow.

Back on Shenro's ship (bordello, whorehouse, whatever you want to call it)…

    Shenro stiffened as he shut off the gases in Sakuya's enclosure and
opened it, breathing in the smell of her arousal.

"Young.  But very mature body type.  I assume you have experience.  Good.
Come with me."  Shenro walked into a back room, with Sakuya nibbling his ear
and kissing his neck.

"Keep them in check.  Keep the gases and the cloak constant as well."
Commanded Shenro to the computer as Sakuya pulled him onto the bed and
started to undress him.

"Yes sir."

In the back room…

"Well my dear…You certainly have experience."  Said Shenro.  Sakuya began to
unzip his pants as he tweaked one of her nipples in his hand and sucked the
other gently.  Sakuya slowly enveloped Shenro's digit in her mouth, sucking
perhaps too hard.  Shenro then lay back and let her have her way for a
while.
 Then she released, and Shenro positioned himself over her and slowly came
down into her clit, holding and sucking her breasts for support.  He slowly
moved in and out, quickening his pace as she screamed and grabbed at his
thick, green, hair.  Shenro cracked a smile as he began to remove himself,
only to feel her legs clamp around his neck in an orgasm.  She spilled out,
and he licked her up and stuck his tongue into her widening vagina.  Shenro
then stood up, and came all over her.  He began rubbing his manhood all over
her sweaty, wet body.  She lapped at him as he focused on her face.  He then
buried his face in her breasts as she held him to her, almost suffocating
him.  He then planted kisses all over her body as she guided his head
around,
forcing his head at the vagina.  He closed his mouth around her clitoris,
and
sucked.  Sakuya then fainted.

"Oh well.  She was enough, I guess."  Shenro then walked back and put her
back into her enclosure and had the computer unfasten all of the women under
the effect of the pheromone gas.  Immediately after being unrestrained, both
Tsunami and adult Washu lunged at Shenro from behind the glass, heaving at
him in arousal.

"Who next…I can't decide.  Oh well.  Computer?"

"Yes, sir?"

"Activate operation Alpha 29046 in the lesbians.  Tape the effects.
Hahahahahahahahaha!"  Laughed Shenro maliciously as the picture does a
fadeaway.

Tenchi:  Where are they?  Do you at home know?  If you do, tell me!  I need
to save them!

Yosho:  I hope we can find them.

Mysterious voice: What is program Alpha 29046?  You'll just have to wait to
find out.

Tenchi:  The next episode of "Tenchi Gala" is "No need for more of Shenro."
Tune in to see what happens!


