Tenchi Gala
Episode Three
"No need for Showdowns"
Warning:  This story contains sexually suggestive themes and is not suitable
for children under 18.

    A happy change of pace, from blasts of energy every hour or so to a
pleasant blast-free atmosphere was shattered as a bright light followed by a
huge, pink energy blast broke the serene silence.

"Why did you do that Ryoko?!" asked an extremely pissed off Tenchi.

"Stay out of this Tenchi.  This doesn't involve you.  It's between me and
Aeka."

"A fight not about me?"  Tenchi couldn't help being curious as to what the
cause of this one was, if it wasn't him.  The fight was a diversion so
Kiyone
and Mihoshi could talk alone in Washu's lab, the only secret place
controlled
by the only person other than Ryoko and Aeka that knew about their
relationship.

Washu's Lab

"Kiyone…why did you and Ryoko…"

"Well..."  Ryoko and Aeka popped out of the air and Ryoko continued.

"We didn't.  But we are really good friends now."

"What about the tape?"  stammered Aeka.

"A fake, Washu just had us do some poses and used the data in her files to
animate it."

"Oh I'm so happy, Kiyone!"  Exclaimed Mihoshi as she drew her partner into
a,
long, passionate kiss.  Ryoko and Aeka were slightly more, shall I say
"physical" (^_^) in their making up.

The Next Day, out in the Carrot Field.

    Tenchi had been hoeing for an hour now, and was getting tired, when all
of a sudden, a small, ivory colored cabbit with a diamond-shaped, red
crystal
popped out of the bushes.

"Ken-ohki?  But that means…" Tenchi didn't even have time to say the name
before a dark figure walked out of the bushes, carrying a powerful
vibro-blade.  Tenchi could only turn around and yell a loud and wavering
"whaaaa!" before a green pistol-blast destroyed half of the carrot field.
Ken-ohki ran off toward the house, obviously looking for Ryo-ohki.  Nagi
then
nonchalantly swaggered next to Tenchi.

"Where is Ryoko?" growled the powerful bounty hunter.

"I think she's in Washu's lab."  Tenchi managed to whimper.

"It's in the utility closet under the steps.  Just do me one favor, don't
blow anything up in the house, We just finished cleaning up after Aeka and
Ryoko's last fight."

"Agreed."

Washu's Lab

"Oh…Oh…yes, yes!  Go, go, go, more!"  screamed the princess as Ryoko
"played"
with her on a luxurious bed made by Washu.  After all, the scientist now
knew
about every lesbian relationship in the house, and wanted Ryoko to be happy,
so like any good mother, helped Ryoko in any way possible (^_^).  All of a
sudden…"Yaaahhhhh!" A fierce battle cry coursed through the infinity of
sub-space as Nagi came crashing down with her vibro-blade, slashing the bed
in half.  (vibro-blade)

"Hey!  I'm trying to have make-up sex here!'  shouted Ryoko.

"Yes, who dares to intrude?!" growled Aeka.

"So Ryoko, you been having fun?"  growled a slightly confused Nagi.

"What business is it of yours if I'm a lesbian?!"

"I just didn't know that you and princess Aeka…"  stammered Nagi.

"Listen, Nagi,"  said the still-naked Ryoko. "Aeka and I just had a fight,
and we'd like to be able to get on with the make-up sex, if you don't mind."

"First of all, get some clothes on.  And second of all, what about that boy,
Tenchi, I think his name is?"  After Ryoko had slinked into a robe, she
replied "What about him?"

"I thought you loved him.  Because if you don't, I lose a lot of leverage."

"That is quite enough, Nagi!"  Shouted a very angry Kiyone, raising her
blaster.

"Now, now, Kiyone we wouldn't want headquarters finding out that you're a
lesbian, would we?"

"How did you…?"  asked Kiyone, lowering her pistol.

"Find out?  Well, you and Mihoshi making out on that other bed over there
was
pretty clear-cut evidence, wouldn't you say?"

"Shit," growled a helpless Kiyone.

"I'll make you a deal.  You stay out of my fights with Ryoko, and
headquarters won't find out.  Because all I have to do is tell Natsuke, and
the entire station will know within the hour."

"Deal."

"Oh, and Mihoshi has to agree too."

"Ok.  She does." Mumbled Kiyone, as Mihoshi shook her head in agreement.

"Well then, Ryoko.  You have one hour.  When your time's up, meet me with
Ryo-ohki out in the carrot field.  Ken-ohki would like to see her."

"Washu, can you make us an arena?  Just a plain, tournament, floor-style
fighting area.  No kooky theming this time." Growled Nagi.

"Oh ok.  I'm just so glad that you came to a cute genius like me for your
arena needs!"  Exclaimed a starry-eyed Professor Washu.

"Yes Washu!  You suck Washu!"  Exclaimed "B".

"How the hell did you get out of the junk pile?!  You piece of shit!"
screamed Washu, chucking it into a nearby trashcan that had materialized.

At the Arena, one hour later…

Washu designed the ring as a karate-style, floor match arena, cheering fans
and all.  It opened to Asaka and Kamadake sumo wrestling.  When Asaka won,
Kamadake came up behind him and beat him over the head (I guess he has a
head) with a chair.  Asaka then used his three, arm-like implements to get
Kamadake in a primitive headlock (if he has a head).  Asaka then got a
golden
belt from Sasami, who was dressed in tight-fitting, leather clothes.

"And that's the bottom-line, cause' Asaka said so!"  An ecstatic Asaka was
later heard saying.  Washu enjoyed commentating in an artificially created,
raspy voice.

"Well, Asaka really did a good job with that headlock to Kamadake.  Isn't
that right Ryo-ohki?" commentated the excited Professor Washu.

"Miya!"

"And here come our next two competitors!  Ryoko, the space-pirate!  And the
challenger, Nagi, the most feared bounty hunter in the galaxy!"  Said Washu,
very confident in her commentating abilities.

 "Miya!"  Meowed Ryo-ohki and she ran towards Ken-ohki to run away together
and cuddle for hours.

"Myah!"  Came the raspy reply from Ken-ohki.  Then they ran away.  Tenchi
was
then teleported to the center of the area, wearing a tuxedo and holding a
microphone.  For some reason, Tenchi knew exactly what to say.

"In this corner, the most vicious space-pirate in the galaxy, and quite the
fighter, Ryoko!  And in this corner, the challenger, she always gets her
target, the greatest bounty hunter of all-time, Nagi!"

  As the galaxy's two most dangerous fem-fatales circled and prepared to
attack, Tenchi couldn't help noticing that he still hadn't been teleported
out of the ring, but Washu teleported him out and to her side in the
commentator's box.  But just as the fight started, Nagi stopped it.

"I would rather face Ryoko in a spacefight."

"Fine, you've got a duel, Nagi.  Come, Ryo-ohki!"  As Ryo-okhi flew up as a
spaceship, she was pleading with Ryoko not to use her to fight with
Ken-ohki.


"Nagi, It's obvious that our cabbits won't fight each other.  Let's get
another ship for one of us to use."

"Hey Ryoko!  You can use Yagami.  You can input any flight data you want
into
its computer so it will be to your level of flight experience."

"Thanks, Kiyone.  I owe you one."

Later, in Yagami.

"Well, lets go.  Kiyone, input this data."

"It's in."

Around the general area of halfway between Mars and Earth.

Ken-ohki was all set up and ready to fight.  It actually had an advantage
due
to its superior speed, but Yagami had more firepower.
Ryoko had programmed Yagami to respond to her verbal commands, and had
speeded up its reaction time to match hers.  Ken-ohki and Yagami began
charging their blast cannons to begin the fight, but Ken-ohki's charged
faster.  Ryoko was forced to dodge while charging, hampering her offensive
abilities.  Yagami had begun shooting missiles, which rarely missed their
mark, and Ken-ohki's left rudder was damaged.  That's when Nagi pulled out
the big guns.  Ken-ohki's four pointed rudders formed a ball of green
energy,
which collected in the middle.  This made a scatter-shot.  Ryoko was caught
off guard.

"Damn you, Nagi!"

"See you in hell, Ryoko!"

    Both ships shot forward with incredible speed, yet what tipped the
scales
was the constant unloading of missiles by Yagami.  These missiles pierced
the
transparent bubble of Ken-ohki, sending it reeling and darting out into
space.

"We'll meet again, Ryoko.  I promise you that."

"Until then, Nagi."

Tenchi:  Tune in to episode four of "Tenchi Gala," where some relatives of
one of us visit.  This means trouble for a certain lady in our midst.  Will
it be Kiyone, Or maybe Mihoshi?  I don't know, but it promises to be really
exciting!

Ryoko:  I for one can't wait, my only relative is my mom, Washu.  The next
episode is "No need for a Reunion!"

Washu:  It's unquestionably funny!
