Ended Extra-Sex scene Sasami/Ryoko at the end

(Where we last left off Tenchi plumited into a black hole and 
Ryoko finished off the Trasformed Ayeka then Kane appeared 
and died instantly and a boy floated behind him holding his 
mask Who is this boy?  How did he deastroy Kane?  
Well...lets find out in The 3rd tale of Tenchi!)

"Who are you?" Ryoko calls to the boy.
"My name is Mosola‚ and I rule this dimension, And I've come 
for you Ryoko" He replys slowly.
"What do you mean rule this dimension and come for me?" She 
yells back forming and energy ball.
"Don't resist Ryoko... You have no chance against me" He says 
in his smokey voice.
Ryoko throws the energy ball at Mosola‚.

It stops in place infront of Mosola‚ and glows blue.
"What the ?!?" Ryoko yells.
Mosola‚ raises his hand and touches the ball and it grows the 
size of a mega red sun and he throws it at Ryoko.
Ryoko screams and phases out.
The energy sun goes right through her and disappears.
"What in the world...How did you do that?!?" Ryoko screams.

"I control time and space I rule all I am...all powerful 
nothing can stop me...so stop resisting!" Mosola‚ yells at 
Ryoko
"Why do you want me?" Ryoko yells back


"My ten millennia of rule is over in two days and the end of 
those two days I die" He answers quietly
"I still don't get it why do you want me?" Ryoko calls back
"Because your pregnant when you and Tenchi had sex he gave you 
his abilities that were used for the fertilization of the 
egg which already had your powers I plan on going into you 
killing the kins soul and sending my own into to be reborns 
with unlimited power for another 10 millenia rule!" Mosola‚ 
replys disappearing. 
"Where'd ya go!" Ryoko yells looking side to side.

Mosola‚ appears behind Ryoko and wraps his arms around her 
and says,"Now stop resisting me...Ryoko!"
"Ahh let go of me! Why cant you chose someone else!?" Ryoko 
screams.
"Because I only can place my soul into New Mass life forms and 
your kin shall be the best one." Mosola‚ answers her.
"Ryoko phases away and shoots a few energy balls at Mosola‚ 
and a hair spike attack.
Mosola‚ walks right through it laughing.

Ryoko gets and Idea and grabs her new sword.
She slashes at Mosola‚ not even leaving a scratch in his skin.
"I shall use force and the harse way of entrence if you don't 
stop resisting!" Mosola‚ yells.
Looking at the sword Ryoko takes the gems out and puts them 
back on her.
Having her powers she tries to summon a major demon.

Nothing happens.
"Whats going on?" Ryoko yells
"Your breaking my patience no more waiting I am gonna be 
reborn!" Mosola‚ yells and flys at Ryoko.
Mosola‚ shoots at Ryoko and stops at her then starts to float 
through her slowly.
Ryoko screams in agony and pains then calls out Tenchi's name.

Mosola‚ stops then says,"Tenchi you want Tenchi? Here you 
can watch your Tenchi!"
He waves his hand and a black hole appears and Tenchi flys 
out.
As Mosola‚ is destracted Ryoko flys away from him.
"Stop that come back Ryoko!" Mosola‚ yells
"Tenchi slashes Mosola‚ and yells to Ryoko,"Ryoko run I know 
whats going o UGH!"


Mosola‚'s sword is shoved through Tenchi's chest.
As the sword rips through Tenchi's heart he dies slowly 
falling over.
Blood bubbles float away from Tenchi's corpse and Ryoko calls 
out,"NOOO TENCHI!"
Some white smoke suddenly circles Ryoko and the words of 
Tenchi are heard,"Ryoko use my power defeat this man!"
Blue smoke forms in her hand and mixes with the white and 
forms and energy spear.
Mosola‚ shoots at Ryoko who throughs the spear and it goes 
right through Mosola‚'s heart.

"How...*cough did you *cough do *gasp that?!" Mosola‚ yells 
blood pooring from his wound in bubbles.
Mosola‚'s dying breath a loud panting breath is heard in an 
weird eerie way.
His head falls down he is dead.
Ryoko cheers then starts to cry at Tenchi's body.
She turns around and looks at the glow of Mosola‚'s head.

The body explodes in a fury of flame and power.
As the smoke clears Ryoko sees a massive beast.
A dark rotting skin type look to him was a deamon with long 
whips of skin and bone comming out of his head like hair 
large viens draw from his fingers.
"Youve fought my unstopable soul and won now fight my souless 
body" the creature yells.

"Your deastroyed Tenchi you evil bastered DIE!" Ryoko 
screams.
Ryoko forms a giant energy ball and smashes it through the 
beast the ball and the creature smash through the galixy 
into Juri blowing up the planet and the beast.
"Opps" Ryoko says floating away.

*** 2 days later back on earth.

Ryoko floats up to the misaki house for the first time in 
two weeks and knocks on the door.
Misaki opens the door and lets her in.
"Mr. Misaki when I was in space Tenchi was killed by something 
similar to a god" she says crying.
Misaki stands there looking onward frozen by the words.
Yosho walks up and says I understand and grabs Ryokos hand and 
brings her in.



Ryoko is greeted by Sasami no one else being there.
Sasami crys at the loss of Juri and Tenchi.
Yosho lets Ryoko stay with them since she was Tenchi's wife.

. . . Later that night.

Ryoko lays on her bed staring at the celing.
A knock is heard at the door.
"Come in" Ryoko replys.
Sasami walks in and sits down next to Ryoko.

"What do you want Sasami?" Ryoko asks.
"Well with my sister and juri gone I have no one to teach me 
about...sex and aging...could you teach me...please?" Sasami 
says nervously.
Ryoko gets a sweat drop on her head and after awhile nods 
slowly.
"Thank you Ryoko" Sasami says slowly.

"Ok first ill teach you how to give pleasure." Ryoko says 
pushing the blankets away (she sleeps naked ya know) while 
Sasami takes of her Kimo.
Sasami sets her knees each side of Ryoko's waist and sits down 
(on the waist) like she did with Tenchi when trying to wake 
him up.
"Ok now first ya Oh!" Ryoko is cut off by her own moan as 
Sasami already was onto of her playing with her nipples.
Sasami lowers her head and licks Ryokos large tender soft 
breasts.

Sasami starts to suckle the right breast while playing with 
the left one with her hands.
Rubbing her hot swelling clit against Ryokos Sasami gets 
another wave of Ryoko moans.
Moving up Sasami kisses Ryoko's soft lips.
To her suprise Ryoko immediantly opened her mouth and was 
rubbing her tongue agaisnt her teeth.
Sasami opened her mouth and let Ryoko's tongue in.

She searched around the sweat tasting mouth of Ryoko with 
her tongue.
Breaking the kiss she turns around and faces Ryokos hot clit.


Sasami opens her mouth and cups it around the clit and sucks 
and licks the pussy.
Ryoko moans then raises her knees up moving Sasami's clit 
close enough to her face she can lick it.

Sasami laps up Ryokos flowing juices the taste reminds her 
of strawberries.
Ryoko tastes Sasami's juices that reminds her of peaches and 
pears.
Sasami turns around and open mouth kisses Ryoko.
Having both came it was about time to end.

Ryoko broke the kiss and look into sasami's eyes and 
says,"You were pretty good to good to not know how..."
"Well over the week you were gone I let Mihoshi and Kyone 
teach me...a lot" Sasami says and giggles.
"Then why did you need me?" Ryoko says.
"Well for that ...your hot and I was horny" Sasami says 
giggling.

Ryoko thinks about this for a moment then bursts out 
laughing.
"So Kyone and Mihoshi are lesbians...they should of invited me 
to join them" Ryoko says laughing.
She looks down and finds Sasami sleeping next to her.
Taking a swig of saki from her secret stash Ryoko turns to her 
side wraps her arms around Sasami holding her tight to her 
and falls asleep.
Sasami rests her head on Ryokos soft but firm breasts with a 
smile.

Sasami opens her eyes and a green glow shines then stops and 
a smoke comes from her and sinks through Ryoko.
Sasami smiles and falls asleep.

~~~End   

(So thats it... the end of my 3 story series I don't plan on 
making a fourth but mabey I might think of it and now this 
narrator and author are gonna...play a game good bye keep 
reading keep horny -_^)
