Tenchi Gala
Episode 7
"No need for more of Shenro."
Warning:  May contain sexual references and content.  If under 18, do not
read.

    By now, Tenchi had given up looking for the girls and was on a drinking
binge.  He had been drinking sake for hours.

"Where dem wemmen?!  De probobolee up in dem der hillz, eh Ryo-ohki?"

"Myaaahh"  Came the drunken reply from the cabbit.  As the two sang a
Japanese drinking song, Asaka and Kamadake scanned for Aeka and
Sasami/Tsunami.  The cloaking device had been designed to repel Juraian
tracking techniques.

"Princess!"  Yelled Asaka and Kamadake in their sadly monotone voices.

 Back in Shenro's ship…

The computer was steadily pumping gas into the enclosures, and Shenro was
pondering his next sexual conquest.

At the Misaki House…

A Blue beam shot down onto the lawn, and a blue haired man in a Galaxy
Police
uniform appeared.  He carried a tracking device.

"So he's in the hills."  He then teleported onto the path and began running.

"There!"  He yelled as he pulled out a laser shotgun and blasted the ship,
disabling its cloak.  He then teleported through the door.  And opened each
enclosure silently.  Only Kiyone was conscious.

"Kiyone?  Are you alright?"

"O…Oraen?  How did you find the ship?"

"Latest tracking technology.  I quit the force to find you.  Hang on.  I'll
be right back."  He opened the door into the inner sanctum.

"Shenro."

"Oraen.  We meet again."

"This time you won't get away.  I'll destroy you!"  Yelled Oraen as his
green
battle suit appeared and he and Shenro teleported out over the Misakis'
lake.
 Shenro launched a huge array of energy orbs and Oraen dodged them, punching
Shenro in the face and shoving a ball of blue energy into his stomach,
sending them flying, with Shenro shooting a powerful beam that nailed
Oraen's
shoulder.  Oraen fell in a spiral and reappeared behind Shenro, kicking him
in the back into the water, with a flurry of energy beating him down.  Or so
Oraen thought.  Shenro grabbed his ankle and hurled him into the shrine
steps.  Shenro then found himself caught in a roundhouse kick, then hurtling
himself headfirst at a forcefield around Oraen. Then they charged up energy
beams and began beam fighting.  Shenro slashed Oraen's side, but left
himself
open to a good punch in the face, which was then quickly delivered.

"You die nnnooowww!"  Yelled Oraen as he stabbed directly through the energy
crystal on Shenro's chest.

"You…pitiful…" muttered Shenro as he died.

"Poor guy's talking about himself.  Too bad."  Noted Oraen with clearly
false
sympathy.  He then glided down to the ground where everybody was waiting.

"First of all, does anybody remember what he did?"  He questioned.

"All I heard was him activating some program.  Alpha 29046, or something."
Said Sasami.

"Oh my God.  Do you know who he activated it on?"

"Just the other room."

"Who was in the other room?"
"It was Aeka, Ryoko, Kiyone, and Mihoshi."

"Oh Shit!  How long was it in affect?"

"About an hour."

"Son of a bitch!  That program changes the sexual orientation of the person
it's used on!"  At that moment, a shock came over the faces of Tenchi,
Yosho,
Ryoko, Aeka, Kiyone, Washu, and Mihoshi.

"Does…Does that mean…that they're…Lesbians?"  Stammered an excited Noboyuki.

"I better go get my video camera!"  As Noboyuki tore ass away, the
once-lesbians looked at each other in bewilderment.  Kiyone then stepped
forward, and asked to talk to Oraen, in private.

"What is it Ki…"  Before he could finish, Kiyone told him everything.  As
they walked out of the bushes, Shenro shot a beam at Oraen's ship,
destroying
it.

"Damn you, Oraen!"  Were his final words as he was killed via Kiyone's
sharp-shooting skills.

"My ship.  I can't go home.  I guess I'll have to find an apartment…But I'm
afraid that all my money was on my ship."

"You can stay with us!"  Blurted Mihoshi.

"Kiyone always says we need someone to help get the rent paid."

"I guess it's okay."  Said Kiyone, slightly blushing.

"Are you sure I wouldn't be imposing?"  He asked.

"No. Of course not!  Just come with us!"  Exclaimed Mihoshi as she called
Yagami.

Onboard Yagami…

"You know I figured you were a lesbian at first, because you didn't kiss any
women right away.  I'm familiar with that program's effects."

"Oh."

"It probably isn't going to work out.  Me living with the two of you.  I
mean, we did go out a while ago."

"I know.  Maybe, if it doesn't work out, you could stay with the Misakis.
You could work for a while, and they have an extra room or two.  It's a
great
place."  Just then, they pulled each other into a passionate kiss.  When
they
broke the kiss, there was an awkward pause.

"Not gonna work out."

"Yeah, well.  I'll see you at the Misaki's."

"Yeah, whew."


Tenchi:  Well, it looks like another man is in the house!  But what are the
strange secrets this man knows, and, I don't mean to seem selfish, but why
is
he getting so much attention!  Not that I care,

Ryoko:  Good call Smartyrea!  Another guy!  And a cute one too!

Oraen:  Tune in to episode 8 of Tenchi Gala "No Need for Another Guy"!

Aeka:  It's unquestionably cute!
