Tenchi on a Plate of Sashimi

By The Super Retarded Kid from Seanbaby's website, Alienboy 52

Disclaimer:
This fic is about Tenchi Muyo in my fucked up world so yeah, it's fucked up.
Most of it is sick and probably sucks because I'm writing it. If you don't
know I have real sick fantasies so if your not 18+ don't read this.

Yeah and I don't own these characters, but Pioneer and AIC do. And if I 
did own these characters though, I probably wouldn't be writing a sick 
fanfic would I?

---

	"Tenchi, you are a loser!" taunted a menacing voice.

	"Huh? What the fuck! Where am I?" said Tenchi as he looked around
at unfamiliar surroundings.

	"You are on a plate of sashimi," said the voice.

	"Okay then..." Tenchi said as his voice trailed off.

	At that moment Tenchi heard a familiar voice.

	"Oh Tenchi! Wake up my Tenchi!"

---

	Tenchi woke up from his sleep to see Ryoko hovering over him,
but something was wrong with Ryoko today. That's when Tenchi noticed it, 
Ryoko's eye was missing.

	"Ryoko! Your eye! It's missing!" gasped Tenchi.

	"Of course it is! Don't you know! Since the animators never gave me
a cunt, I have to use the next best thing instead," explained Ryoko.

	"But couldn't you have used your, uh, butt instead of your eye 
socket?" asked Tenchi.

	"Washu plugged my ass up with butt plugs, so I'm left with my eye
socket. Well? How'bout it Tenchi? Wanna fuck my eye socket?" asked Ryoko.

	"Stop right there you monster! You will not have the pleasure of
having Tenchi up your eye socket!" yelled Ayeka as she busted into Tenchi's
room.

	"Hey! What happened to the security on Tenchi's door?" asked Ryoko.

	"Azaka and Kamadake were horny, so I let them have sex with it," 
answered Ayeka.

	"Hey! What's going on here! This is fucked up! How can logs have sex
with a security system?!" yelled out Tenchi.

	"Because you are on a plate of sashimi Tenchi. You will now see the
one you desire most enter your room now," said the unknown voice.

	And at that moment Noboyuki entered the room. Tenchi gazed at his
father, Tenchi couldn't stop himself from getting an erection from looking
at his father. Noboyuki stared back at Tenchi and blushed, it was obvious 
that Noboyuki wanted Tenchi.

	"Father, please, give it to me up the ass," said Tenchi, trying to 
sound as seductive as he could to his father.

	"Tenchi! You have given me a huge erection, and Ryoko's eye socket
is just amazing too," said Noboyuki, "Hey Ryoko? Would you mind if I used the
blood from your eye socket to lubricate my penis?"

	"Of course, you are Tenchi's dad after all," said Ryoko.

	"Please! Use my eye instead! Jurai blood is better than that demon's
blood any day!" said Ayeka as she pushed Ryoko out of the way.

	"Hmmm... Tenchi, I'm going to use Ryoko's eye socket, you should
go to Ayeka and puncture her eye with your penis. That way we'll have twice
as much lubricant," said Noboyuki as he grabbed Ryoko's head and pushed his
penis into Ryoko's eye socket.

	"Tenchi, please, puncture my eye with your penis, I want to feel the
pleasure that you can only get when you are fucked in the eye," said Ayeka.

	"Are you sure about this Ayeka? I mean, I've heard stories of women
who've lost their eye for the first time, and they all say that it's very
painful," asked Tenchi.

	"Yes, I'm sure, I've wanted it like this even since the first time
I laid eyes on you," said Ayeka.

	"But you kicked me off your bed... oh well, never mind," said Tenchi
as he put his penis in front of Ayeka's eye. Tenchi quickly punctured Ayeka's
eye, and entered her socket. He could feel Ayeka's brain with his penis,
the pleasure was just too much for him. Tenchi shot his semen onto Ayeka's
brain.

	As Tenchi regained his composure he noticed that Ayeka was on the 
floor. She was wriggling like crazy due to the fact that she had just had
her brain hit by Tenchi's penis.

	"Tenchi! You haven't forgotten about me have you?" said Noboyuki.

	"Of course not dad! Here, let me spread my ass out for you so you
can enter me," said Tenchi as he spread out his ass.

	Tenchi wasn't prepared for what happened next. Noboyuki entered 
Tenchi quickly and started pumping his penis in and out of his sons anus.

	"Oh yeah dad! You like that don't you! Come on fuck your son! Your
nothing more than a pig are you?" Tenchi yelled to his dad.

	"Oh yes Tenchi! You're so tight, I think I'm gonna cum in your ass!"
yelled Noboyuki as he fucked his son.

	"Tell me dad! Who's a better fuck? Me or mom? Tell me or you can't
cum in me!" yelled Tenchi.

	"You are Tenchi! Your so much tighter than she was!" answered 
Noboyuki, "Oh Tenchi! I'm cumming!" yelled Noboyuki as he came into his sons
ass.

	"Oh dad, that was so great, we have to do that more often," said
Tenchi.

	"Let's go downstairs to see what Sasami cooked for breakfast," said
Noboyuki.

	"Okay, let's go."

---

	"Wow Sasami! That smells great what is it?" asked Tenchi.

	"Don't call me Sasami! I'm getting my name changed to Susami!" yelled
Sasami/Susami.

	"So what did you cook?" asked Tenchi.

	"I cooked my leg, that's why my leg is amputated now," said 
Sasami/Susami.

	"Tenchi! You are a loser! You are on a plate of Sashimi," said the
voice.

	Tenchi suddenly got dizzy as he heard those words. After a few 
seconds Tenchi fell to the ground and passed out.

---

	Tenchi awoke to only find himself, sleeping on a plate of Sashimi.

	"Well I guess that must have been a dream then, Dad was so good too,"
Tenchi thought aloud.

	"Hey Tenchi! Look what I got!" yelled Noboyuki.

	"What is it dad?"

	"I got Ryo-Oh-Ki's eye socket!" 

---

End


I made this fanfic mainly because I wanted to make something that would make
normal hentai's puke. Of course if you weren't disgusted by this fanfic,
then you qualify for being more hentai than me, because I'm disgusted at what
I wrote. Actually now that I think of it, this fanfic really sucked.

Oh yeah 1st fanfic ever too, that's why this one sucks.

Why not try to convert me at alienboy52@hotmail.com

Or you can go to the best website around

http://www.seanbaby.com

Seanbaby is just so sexy, I want to be like him someday.