Tenchi Gala
Episode 5
"No Need for a New Arrival"
Warning:  This story contains lemon content and sexual references.  Do not
read if under 18.

"Another piece.  Looks like one of Ryoko's."  noted Tenchi as he followed
the
path of clothing leading to Aeka's room.  "This looks like…Aeka's bra!  Holy
crap!"  Yet, for some strange reason, Tenchi followed the path.  When Tenchi
walked into the dim room, he looked around for a light.  He felt along the
wall, and found one.  He turned it on.  The sight that greeted Tenchi was
definitely not what he had expected.  Ryoko was straddling Aeka, and shoving
her finger up her vagina.

"HOLY CRAP!"  Screamed a mortified Tenchi, his nose bleeding due to the
shock.  As Tenchi's head bounced off the floor, Aeka looked up.

"Oh no!  Has Tenchi found out?"

"What do you think, Aeka?  He only screamed "HOLY CRAP!" and fainted!
Jeez!"

"What will we do, Ryoko?"

"I'll tell you what we do. We tell Tenchi everything.  He can keep a secret.
He can help us keep everyone from knowing."

Later

"Ugh.  Where am I?"  asked a slightly confused Tenchi.

"Lord Tenchi.  I know you saw us and I just want to say that…"

"What was going on there?!"

"Look, Tenchi, Aeka and I are in love.  You'll just have to get over
yourself."

"What the hell are you talking about!  It's you two who have been fighting
over me since you got here!"

"We're not going to fight over you anymore, Tenchi.  We just want you to
keep
this a secret."

"Fine.  I just want to know how all this started."

"You'll know all that and more, Tenchi.  If you promise to wait."

(For the story on how it all started, go to further reading at Ryoko and
Aeka's Shrine of Love and read episodes one and two of Every Lesson Learned
by Arca Jeth.  This is a companion series to Every Lesson Learned.)

"Ok."

In Tenchi's Room

    As Tenchi lay on his bed, he couldn't help thinking about an adventure
he
had once had in an alternate dimension set up by Washu.  He had gotten sick
of the Masaki household, and moved to Tokyo.  (Basically, what I'm trying to
say is that Tenchi in Tokyo was just an alternate dimension conjured up by
Washu's dimension tuner.)

"What was it that Washu had said, "From every dimension, something or
someone
is left behind in the real world after the dimension is dispersed."  That's
it!"  Tenchi ran downstairs into Washu's lab, clutching the blue crystal in
his hand.

In Washu's Lab

"So, Tenchi.  You want me to analyze this jewel?  Looks simple enough.
Hrmmm…This is interesting.  Very interesting."  Said the professor as she
analyzed it.

"Well, Washu?"

"From what I can tell, there's a person trapped in this crystal.  I can't
identify the person yet, but I can remove the person from the crystal."  All
of a sudden, "B" popped up on Washu's shoulder, holding a bottle of sake and
singing an Irish drinking song.

"Lye de dye de dye de dye de dye de dye de dye.  Hiccup!  The spin is
rooming, Washu!"

"Get out of here you little minion of Satan!" yelled Washu as she jammed him
into a trash compactor that had materialized in front of her.  Upon
expecting
to see nuts, bolts, and a severed chibi-mechanical robot head, you can
imagine the semi-insane scientist's response when "B" materialized behind
her.

"Houdini!  Ta Da!"

"Why don't you just go away, you little piece of SHIT!"

"Uh…Washu?  What about the crystal?"

"Oh, yes of course!  I'll deal with that little drunkard later.  I can
direct
an energy beam at it and he or she should come out after several hours…Or…I
could break it with this hammer!"  Washu pulled out a huge hammer.  She
looked like she was enjoying wielding this potentially harmful weapon, so
Tenchi decided to play it safe.

"Just use the energy beam."

"Ok!"  Said professor Washu as she pushed a button, and an energy beam came
out of nowhere and hit the crystal.

Later that night in Tenchi's room.

Tenchi was lying on his side, holding the glowing crystal in his hand.  He
thought to himself "I wonder who's in the crystal?  Oh well…I'd better get
some sleep."

The next morning.

    As Tenchi awoke, he felt naked skin against him.

"Whaaaa!  Sasami?!"  yelped Tenchi as he realized he wasn't alone.  As he
pulled back the covers to reveal this girl's face, (Tenchi could tell
because
his hand had been between her legs when he woke up. ^_^)he recognized her.
Soft, pale skin, light black hair, and shocking green eyes.

"Sakuya?" (As if you hadn't guessed!)

"Oh, hi Tenchi!  You were great last night!"

"Last night!  Oh my god!  I am so screwed!  In more ways than one!"

"Don't worry, Tenchi."  She pecked Tenchi lightly on the cheek.  It was
invigorating.  Tenchi had never felt skin so soft.  It was as if she had put
a spell on him.  He wanted to caress every curve of her body, feel her
against him, he wanted to forget everything else.

"Let's go downstairs, ok?"

"Alright.  Are you sure that you don't want to put on some clothes first?"

"Silly me.  I'll go borrow one of Aeka's kimonos.  I'm sure she won't mind."
Sakuya wandered off, toward Aeka's room.  Tenchi then quickly got dressed
and
went downstairs for breakfast.  Sakuya casually walked down and sat beside
him.  Everyone's eyes turned to dots except Tenchi and Sakuya.  Sasami then
started crying and walked away.  Tenchi came after her.

"Look, Sasami.  I didn't mean to hurt you…"

"What do you mean, Tenchi?  I just can't decide between you and…"

"So you found someone else?  Well, Sasami, you should be with him.  I'm way
too old for you anyway.'

"Oh, Tenchi!  Thank you for understanding.  You will always be my dearest
boy
friend.  I mean, friend that's a boy."  Sasami giggled.  They went back
inside, with Sasami on Tenchi's shoulders.

"Sakuya borrowed one of your old kimonos, if that's ok, Aeka."

"Oh, it's fine.  We can go into town tomorrow and get her some clothes.  It
will be fun."

"I'm so glad to see that you girls have settled your differences.  And,
Grandpa.  Can Sakuya stay here?  I can get another bed in my room."

"Why not?  Ladies are always welcome here.'

"Oh thank you!  Thank you too, Noboyuki!"  Noboyuki quickly unzipped his
pants.

"Stupid pervert!"  yelled Washu as she took out a huge hammer and smashed
him
through the wall.

"Don't mind him.  I'm Washu!  The greatest, cutest, most brilliant scientist
in the universe!  I'm the one who released you!"  Exclaimed the starry-eyed
professor Washu.

"Yes, you are stupid, Washu!  And a real bitch too, Washu!"  exclaimed "A"
and "B" in unison.

"Get the fuck away!"  screamed Washu as she took a lightsaber and sliced off
"A"'s head and stabbed through "B"'s head, leaving the saber in.

"Ta Da!  Houdini!"  They said in unison as the ran off, with "A" carrying
its
head and bumping into walls.

"And don't come back!  Pieces of shit!"

Sakuya:  The next episode is a secret!  I wonder what will happen!

Tenchi:  It's unquestionably ? ?!   (?_?)
