(Where we last left off Tenchi and just had an explosive 
sex...literary ...guess Ryoko couldn't hold back her power 
with all the pleasure distracting her. And after Tenchi 
proposed to Ryoko he found out she was now his sister since 
Washu has married mr. Misaki...? Wow this is turning into 
quite an odd event and one still must wonder what is going 
on with Ayeka?  And in this night one must wonder whats 
going through Tenchi's head... A nightmare? Or a dream? Well 
lets see)

As the dream starts Tenchi opens his eyes and stares at a 
lovely Ryoko in a white wedding kimo walking staring at him 
from the alter.  As he approached he hears cheering and 
clapping crying too. As he makes it to the alter Ryoko 
smiles and a loud crash is heard.
The alter explodes open and Ayeka runs out holding a long 
Scythe and "Hey Tenchi.. Tenchi wake up!"
Tenchi opens his eyes waking up and stares into Sasami's eyes.
"Its time for breakfasts and your not missing your wedding day 
breakfasts." She says cheerfully and hops off his pelvis.

Tenchi sits up and puts on some clothing.
Walking down stairs he is greeted by his entire family (i.e 
the whole gang) Event he ghost of his dead mom...which no 
one can see.
He sits down next to his lover Ryoko and greets her a good 
morning.
Sasami walks in with plate after plate of amazing food.
Eggs, Bacon, Sushi, Sausages, soups, noodles, Saki, Juices, 
and many other things.

Everyone took what they wanted,
Sasami took some sushi, soup, and noodles.
Washu concocted up her own meal of crab.
Nabouki (who's name I cant spell) took Bacon and eggs.


Yosho Found to his licking some juice and noodles.

Ayeka took 1 sausage some eggs and bacon.
Mihoshi took some of everything.
Kyone congratulated Tenchi on the wedding and took some noodles 
and soup with juice.
Ryoko took 1 sausage and all the saki and some soup.

Tenchi grabbed what was left (bowl of noodles and soup)

(Meal starts)

Sasami take a bite of her sushi and watches Ayeka terrorize 
her food.
She must be very mad, Sasami thinks to herself as Ryoko picks up 
a bottle of saki and put it to Tenchi's face.
"C'mon Tenchi just one please!" Ryoko says in her drunken mood.
"Oh Ryoko" Tenchi says and takes the saki and drinks it

Some cheering goes on and Mr Misaki finished his bacon and 
eggs.
Washu presses some buttons and the grabs shell and skeleton 
vaporize and she eats the scattered crab meat.
Ryoko gets a crocked smile and takes the sausage and slowly sucks 
on it and massaging it in her hand.
EVERYONE gets where she's going with this act.

Washu floats away on her pillow.
Tenchi fights back an erection as he watches Ryoko play with her 
food in that way.
Sasami slowly puts her hand down her skirt trying not to be 
noticed.
Ayeka takes her sausage and breaks it in half.
Misaki gets a sweat drop and backs away and goes into Washu's 
lab.

Tenchi gets a sweat drop and Ryoko quits.
With all the sausage action down everyone quickly notices Sasami.
Her face turns a bright red and says,"Im 806 years old....I just 
want someone to be with WAAA" 
She gets up and runs up the stairs and into her room where Ryo-
ohki quickly follows.
Ayeka gets up and leaves the house slamming the door so hard it 
falls off.

The galaxy police team get up with love in each others eyes 
and say,"We gotta go do something... see ya later at the wedding"

As the two leave both Ryoko and Tenchi turn to the doorway the 
walk out off and see the two leave Kyone's hand on Mihoshi butt.
Both Ryoko and Tenchi get sweat drops on their heads.




          .        .       .   -Later that day "Wedding"

Ryoko walks down the Isle in a lovely white wedding kimo and 
stops at the alter.
She turns around and views Tenchi.
Tenchi walks up the isle slowly wearing a large black robe with 
his family symbol on it.
He views his lovely lady as he reaches the alter.
The man starts to speak when a large *Crrraaacckkkkk!!!* is 
heard.

The alter explodes and Ayeka runs out holding a large scythe 
and yells,"Now you die!"
She yells taking a swipe at Tenchi and Ryoko.
Tenchi ducks and Ryoko doges and throws and energy beam at Ayeka 
yelling,"What are you doing Ayeka!"
Ayeka is knocked down and yells back,"If I cant have Tenchi....If 
I cant have Tenchi......NO ONE WILL!" 

Tenchi grabs Ayeka from behind and says,"Stop this now!"
"No one will ever stop me not even you Tenchi!  Ill destroy this 
planet including you and Your SHE DEMON!" she shreaks hopping 
away from Tenchi.
Rho appears overhead and teleports Ayeka inside of it and flys 
off.
"Ryoko we must stop Ayeka from destroying earth!" Tenchi says to 
Ryoko quickly grabbing her hand.
Ryoko grabs her hat with her free hand and relieves Ryo-ohki 
under the hat.

Tossing Ryo-ohki into the air she transforms into the space 
ship.
Ryoko and Tenchi teleport inside and Ryoko grabs a diamond and 
they chase after Ayeka.
Ryo-ohki catches up to Rho and smashes through its side and 
Tenchi hops out and pulls out his sword and fights off the 
guards.
Hopping into the air Tenchi slices another guard and Ryoko blasts 
the remaining ones.
Ayeka walks up holding a vial of what seems like black and purple 
swirling gas.

She pops the vials top and drinks the gas and starts 
laughing.
"I've just drunken pure evil energy soon you will have no 
chance!" She laughs.
"What!?!?" Ryoko shreaks forming an energy ball.
Jagged horns shoot out of the sides of Ayekas head and jagged 
razor sharp fangs replaces her teeth and her eyes merely 
disappear leaving vacant vacuous black slots that curve and point 
up.

Her skin starts to morph a dark purple and grow scales.
She grows from every direction as this happens.
A tail shoots from her tail bone area with a spinning clawed end.
Crocked spines replace her hair and spikes zig zag down her back.
Her tounge turns sharp and pointed.

Her size increase so much the ship explodes and is blasted 
away.
Large blades shoot into place at her elbows and giant plates 
spikes on her shoulders and knees.
Drool slides from her large gaping mouth and she shoots up 
another 20 feet.


Tenchi and Ryoko gasp at the terrible sight.
The Ayeka beast roars loudly and claws down upon Tenchi.
Tenchi slashes at Ayeka Beast and hops from body part to body 
part slashing and spinning.
Ryoko floats around Ayekas head throwing beam swords.
Ayeka Beast does a quick spin slash whipping her tail bashing it 
into Ryoko's side shooting her away.

Ryoko cries out in pain.
"You how dare you!" Tenchi yells hopping up onto Ayekas head.
He shoves his sword into Ayekas black eye socket.
A large blast of white shoots from the eye and the beast covers 
it with her claws thrashing her head.
Ryoko flys back at super speed Green and Blue beams shooting from 
her side and forms sorta a energy spear around her.

She shoots right through Ayeka Beasts hear and a white 
energy blast shakes the universe.
Ayeka slaps Tenchi with her tail and he flys into one of the 
white beams and is blasted ten thousand miles away.
Ryoko cries out and closes her eyes.
She gets a picture in her head showing where Tenchi is all she 
sees is some blood bubbles and a black hole.
"Oh no! She shrieks and clenches her fists.

Ayeka pounces towards her but is shot back by a white 
shield.
"WHAT NO!" Ayeka beast roars at the sight.
Seven light hawk wing blades surround Ryoko.
"THIS CAN'T BE!" Ayeka Beast says hopping at Ryoko.
Ryoko forms the light hawk wings into a sword that glows white 
and blue.
The sword that formed forms a handle that has the sockets in it.
Suddenly the empty holes are filled by two of her gems.

"Tenchi" She calls out
Plucking the gem from her left wrist she places it into the last 
hole.
The sword glows a red glow.
Ayeka trys to bite Ryoko in half but before she can the sword is 
shove through her forehead.
"NOOO" Ayeka Roars as a large white explosion filles the 
universe.
After a few seconds the flash ends and Ayeka Beasts skeleton 
floats infront of her set a flame by blue fires.

"Freeze in the name of the galaxy law" A police voice says.
Ryoko turns to a few hundred galaxy police.
The sword floats to her hands and she takes a swipe at mid air 
and a large blade of fire slashes all the ships in half.
A large explosion happens and a black figure appears with a white 
face...
"Kane!???!" Ryoko yells.


Kane laughs evilly.

Suddenly Kanes laughs turn to shreaks and he vanishes a 
human floats in the place that was behind him hand raises out now 
holding Kane's mask.


The end
(That was the end of The second in the series Where is 
Tenchi is he alive who is this boy Will this announcer get to 
announce the next story?  Will there be a next story?  All 
questions will be answered!!!)


