Tenchi Gala
Episode 4
"No need for a reunion"
Warning:  This story may contain lemon content.  Do not read if under 18.

    Ryoko, having just finished her spacefight, was resting, Aeka was taking
a long bath, Washu was doing experiments on an unconscious Noboyuki, and
Kiyone and Mihoshi were cuddling.  Today, Tenchi was cleaning up around the
shrine, and noticed Grandpa acting strangely.

"Grandpa, are you ok?"

"I'm fine Tenchi.  Keep sweeping."  After this, Yosho thought, "But they are
coming.  I'd better get ready.  I suppose I should tell Aeka so she's not
"busy" when they get here."  As Tenchi was sweeping around, he found an
odd-looking, blue crystal.

"Grandpa.  Have you seen this before?"

"No.  I can't say I have, Tenchi."  The crystal gave off a beautiful glow
and
Tenchi couldn't help feeling as though something, or someone was trapped
inside.

"Any ideas? Gra…" But Yosho had disappeared.  He then flashed out of his
Grandpa disguise, and went to tell Aeka of the visitors that would soon
come.

"Aeka.  Our parents are coming!  Get ready, quickly!  You too, Sasami."

Up at the Shrine.

    Tenchi had tried everything to break the crystal, and it seemed nothing
would work, so he gave up and put it in his pocket.  Then he began sweeping
again.

Later, down at the lake.

Everyone who wasn't expecting visitors was swimming in the lake.  Noboyuki
had decided to go skinny-dipping.

"You stupid pervert!  Get a bathing suit on!"  Yelled a very angry professor
Washu.

"Yes, Washu!  Take it all off, Washu!"  Exclaimed "A", popping up in scuba
gear.

"Why won't you go away?!"  Screamed Washu as a weight materialized, tied to
"A"'s ankle, Washu pulled out a knife, punctured "A"'s oxygen tank, and
chucked it into the depths of the lake.

"Finally that's over."  Commented Washu.

"Ta da!  Houdini!" exclaimed "A" as it popped out of the water and scampered
off toward the house.

"WHAAAAA!!  Come back here!  You little piece of shit!" Yelled Washu as she
sprinted after "A".

    All of a sudden, the sky darkened, there was a crash of lightning, and a
ring of light formed above the lake.

"A ship's entering the atmosphere." Pointed Kiyone.

"I'm scared, Kiyone."  Stammered Mihoshi.  Yosho, Aeka, and Sasami all stood
at the edge of the dock, staring at the circle.  Aeka wondered to herself
",if Yosho knows about me and Ryoko, he might tell my parents.  I could not
live through that humiliation!  I had better keep Mihoshi from even meeting
them, she's an even bigger risk."

"Yosho, I was wondering if you know about a certain relationship between
someone and me.  Do you?"

"Yes.  I know about you and Ryoko.  I will not tell your parents.  Nor will
I
tell my mother."  Whispered Yosho under his breath.  Then he winked.  A low
fin was now coming through the circle, followed by a green pod, which was
the
center of the ship.

"It's a royal Juraian cruiser."  Noted Kiyone.

    After about 90% of the ship was exposed, a green beam shot out of the
pod.

"We're all gonna die!  Get down everyone!"  yelled Tenchi.  He got on the
shore and braced for the impact.  10 seconds later, after he was sure it had
hit, Tenchi got out of his position behind a tree and realized that the beam
was gone, and three new people were standing on the edge of the dock.

    One of them was in a warm, choking embrace with Aeka, Sasami, and Yosho.
Another was standing calmly to the side.  Both of these looked like women.
But the third figure was walking briskly toward Tenchi.  Tenchi thought
"What
if he attacks?  What'll I do?  Maybe he's Sasami's father.  It's ok.  Just
calm down Tenchi.  Uh-oh.  Here he comes."

"So you are the young man my little Sasami has told me so much about.  Allow
me to introduce myself.  I am Emperor Azusa Jurai.  The one crushing
everyone
with hugs is my wife, Queen Misaki Jurai, and the black-haired one to the
left is Queen Funaho Jurai, Yosho's mother.  I understand that that makes
her
your great-grandmother.  I am so happy that my little Sasami has found a
Juraian for a suitor."

"Well.  We're not going to get married."

"What!"

"Yet!  We're not going to get married yet!"

"Good.  Sasami is too young to be married anyway.  Well, I suggest you go
introduce yourself to Funaho and Misaki.  I must go and speak to Asaka and
Kamadake."

"Uh. ok.  But Emperor Azusa.  Do you have any formal Juraian clothing?  I
would like to look my best."

"I love a boy who always wants to look his best.  Of course I have some."
Said Azusa as Juraian formal clothes materialized onto Tenchi.  Then he
walked to the dock.  He realized that his was very similar to Yosho's.  Then
Asaka came forward and said "May I present Prince Tenchi Masaki Jurai.
Suitor to princess Sasami."

"Suitor!  What is he talking about Tenchi?"  Fumed Ryoko from across the
lake.  She ran up in her skimpy swimsuit, which she had worn to their beach
party earlier that month(^_^), and grabbed Tenchi's arm.

"What do you mean, suitor?!  Did you not tell me something, Ten…" Ryoko
couldn't even finish.  Queen Misaki cut her off.

"Oh!  Sasami has a suitor?  And a handsome one at that (Tenchi blushes.).
I'm so glad that Sasami has found the right man.  I wish Aeka would."  She
holds Tenchi in a warm embrace.  He thought his rib cage would collapse.
Then she pulled him into a short kiss.  "I guess this is what Juraians do."
Thought Tenchi.  "I could get to like this."

"So this is my great-grandson.  He resembles Yosho greatly.  He has Achika's
hair."  Said Funaho.

"Hello, Funaho."  Tenchi bowed.

"Yosho.  I must talk to you."

"Very well.  Let us go to the shrine.  The view from there is lovely."  They
walked off toward the shrine.

"So, Aeka.  Any romance in your life lately?"  Poked the nosy Queen Misaki.

"Not really, mother."  Said Aeka.

"Aeka.  Come into the ship.  I have a present for you."

"Very well, mother."  Aeka and Misaki were teleported up to the ship.

In the ship.

Aeka, I'm shocked that you let Sasami beat you to Tenchi.  But there are
other men.  So here you go."  Misaki produced a box from behind her back.

"Try it on."  Aeka had pulled out an almost transparent piece of lingerie,
that would drive any man (or Ryoko) wild.  It was a violet fabric that was
basically nothing when put on.  Misaki also produced a whip, and some
Juraian
handcuffs.

"You inherited my genes, you know."  She winked.  Aeka winked back.

At the shrine.

"Aeka and Ryoko are more than just friends, aren't they?"  Inquired Funaho.

"So you noticed that they didn't look at each other at all."

"Yes."

"You cannot tell anyone on Jurai.  It would bring shame to the entire Jurai
family."

"I agree.  Well, we must be going.  Farewell."

"Farewell, mother."

At the dock.

    As the Jurai family, with the exclusion of Yosho, Aeka, Sasami, and
Tenchi, began to depart, Aeka began to wander off toward the house.  So did
Ryoko.  Aeka was holding a whip , a box, and some very strong Juraian
handcuffs. ^_^

Tenchi:  Hello everyone!  On the next episode of "Tenchi Gala," a new
character will be introduced!  Won't it be exciting!

Ryoko:  I hope it isn't a girl.  If it is, she'd better keep her hands off
my
Tenchi.

Sasami:  The next episode is "No need for a New Arrival!"

Asaka:  Here's a hint.  Do you recognize this voice?

Voice:  It's unquestionably fun!
