    (It has been two weeks since Ryoko and Tenchi had sex 1 week since
Tenchi
was killed and 5 days since she had sex with Sasami.
She was pregnant and already conceiving...lets watch!)

    Ryoko sat there blowing hair from her face as Sasami and Washu tended to
her both confused of why she's not in pain.
"Is everything ok Ryoko?", asked Washu.
She nodded then said,"Yeah just get me a pillow."
Sasami ran over and grabbed a pillow and gave it to Ryoko.

    She put the pillow under herself and phased out.
An egg falls from her phased form and onto the pillow softly.
Ryoko picked up the egg and walked off.
Washu and Sasami got sweat drops on their heads.

Another week passes (yes I know birth isn't this fast but Ryoko is made of a
creature called Mass ya know).
Ryoko taps her egg and it begins to hatch.
It breaks open and a little boy hops out.
Deep heartless eyes shown on the boy his hair long and his flesh white.

    A crooked smile slide cross his face and he uttered one word,"Mosolaé."
Then he laughed and shot a beam at her.
The still confused Ryoko dodged.
Suddenly the universe collapsed around the two and Mosolaé laughed and
laughed blasting Ryoko.
Ryoko blasted back still confused.

    "Now that I rule the universe once more Ryoko Im gonna kill you and
everyone else!" Mosolaé screamed as he Generated a black ball at shot it.
"Noooo!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams as the black ball surrounds her.
Suddenly the universe collapsed around the two and Mosolaé laughed and
laughed blasting Ryoko.
Ryoko blasted back still confused.

    "Now that I rule the universe once more Ryoko Im gonna kill you and
everyone else!" Mosolaé screamed as he Generated a black ball at shot it.
"Noooo!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams as the black ball surrounds her.

"Now that I rule the universe once more Ryoko Im gonna kill you and everyone
else!" Mosolaé screamed as he Generated a black ball at shot it.
"Noooo!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams as the black ball surrounds her

screamed as he Generated a black ball at shot it.
"Noooo!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams as the black ball surrounds her.

"Noooo!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams as the black ball surrounds her.

Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"
Noooo!!!!!!!!!"

The attack was an powerful blast that made Ryoko repeat her last minutes for
all eternity dooming all life forms to the same fate Mosolaé had done the
most cruel thing that could be done... But then light flashed and Tenchi
Appeared.
Light halk wings circled him and he shot towards the evil Mosolaé.
Ryoko having broken the attack also joined Tenchi with her own pair of light
halk wings glowing.
Mosolaé knew his death was coming as he body began to shatter.

    "AHHHHH!!!!!!!!!" Screamed Mosolaé blasting out a beam.
"DESTRUCTION DECIMALIZATION YOUR DEATH IS NOW!!!!" Mosolaé screamed as his
body shattered and everything began to explode.
Washu in her lab went to her computer knowing of this end and sighed.
"I hate to do this but...poor Ryoko I hope you regain your love with Tenchi
when we all restart in a new dimension..." Washu said slowly and pressed a
button.

    A black hole sucked in Mosolaé Ryoko Tenchi and everything else in the
universe a little later...
"Where where are are we we and and whats whats up up with with the the echo
echo?" Ryoko cried out.
"I I don't don't know know" Tenchi painfully morned back to Ryoko.
"We we are are going going to to be be reborn reborn in in a a different
different dimension dimension...we we will will all all be be there there
even even me me...but but I I might might not not be be evil evil there
there
cause cause we we will will forget forget it it all all even even you're
your love love." Yelled Mosolaé and they all vanished.

That ends the saga hoped you like it the series is still going but it
changed now and then as they shift dimensions.
