Tenchi Gala
Episode Two
"No need for revenge"
Warning:  This story contains lemon content and sexual references.  If you
are 18, either ask Washu to adjust your age, or wait to read this story.

    When we last left our four lesbian heroines, Ryoko and Kiyone were
plotting a plan for revenge against Aeka and Mihoshi, who thought they were
sleeping together.  We now go to the apartment, where Mihoshi and Aeka are
playing games in the nude (^_^ Aren't we all just happy, little perverts?).

"Doesn't being naked make you feel so free, Aeka?" said a lighthearted
Mihoshi.  (The girls had also been drinking quite a bit of sake throughout
the night.)

"Yes it does Mihoshi!  I feel great!" said the naked princess who was
jumping
on the bed with Mihoshi in a warm embrace.  Needless to say, Aeka was now
used to seeing Mihoshi naked.  As their pillow-fight commenced, Washu
couldn't help wishing she could perform some experiments.  Noboyuki's wishes
were slightly different (^_^).

"I wonder if I could pay a visit…," said the incredibly horny Nobuyuki.

"You will do no such thing!  Get your horny idiocy out of my lab!" Screamed
the now increasingly insane Professor Washu.  Noboyuki just grabbed the
magazine and ran quickly out of the materialized doorway behind him.

    Tenchi awoke with a dry throat and realizing how incredibly bored he
was,
actually decided he would have some of his father's sake (^_^).  After about
an hour of drinking in which he could swear he saw Asaka go by wearing drag,
Tenchi went up to his room.  In his drunken state, he would have done just
about anything with just about anyone.  But because Ryoko, and everyone else
in the house was either in a restricted area, in an eleven year-old body, or
a man, Tenchi let it slide (Tenchi's reasoning must have been pretty damn
low, because he forgot that Washu could transfer to her adult form whenever
she wanted ^_^.).  Tenchi then fell into a drunken sleep on the floor.
At the apartment, the next morning…
"Wake up Aeka.  It's time to eat and leave to visit the Masakis." Said an
ecstatic Mihoshi.

"But what if you get a call, Mihoshi?" asked Aeka.

"Kiyone and me took a vacation week.  Someone else is covering the Solar
System."

"Ok.  Asaka, Kamadake, come."  The two were then carried to the Masaki
household courtesy of Jurai Airways.

Back at the Masaki Household…

"We had such a great time last night, Kiyone!  We played all kinds of
games!"

"I'll bet you did." muttered Kiyone under her breath.

"Ryoko and I had a great time too.  We played all kinds of games in Washu's
game simulator."  Unknown to Aeka and Mihoshi was the fact that Kiyone and
Ryoko had done several poses nude for Washu's camera in the bath, and Washu
had animated them so Kiyone and Ryoko didn't actually have to have sex.
Noboyuki somehow got the negatives (Man, he's having a field day!) and
showed
them to Tenchi.  For some reason, he didn't notice Ryoko in the corner…BOOM!
The entire house was rocked by an intense explosion, and Noboyuki's body was
hurled all the way up to the shrine and he landed on the roof of the shrine,
charred and lifeless.

"How the hell did he get those!"  Screamed the brink-of-insanity Ryoko.

"Wh…wha…what are you doing in those pictures, Ryoko?" asked a bewildered
Tenchi.

"They're fake pictures that Noboyuki made with the pictures of Kiyone and me
in Washu's files." Said Ryoko, amazed at what an incredible excuse she had
come up with.  Luckily for Ryoko, Tenchi accepted the excuse, and locked the
pictures out of his mind.  Washu sensed this, and let out a sigh of relief.

"That's it!  I'm setting up a security system!  That's the last time that
little pervert gets into my lab!"

"That's right Washu!" exclaimed "A".

"Yes Washu!" said "B".

"Wait a minute!  It was you two who let him in here wasn't it?!  You're
off-line for a month you stupid puppets!"  But luckily for Kiyone and
Ryoko's
plan, the tape had been put into the VCR right before Mihoshi's favorite
show, the one she taped every time (The Happy Kids' Fun Hour!  Don't ask.).
When Mihoshi found the tape, she pressed play and got wide-eyed.  Aeka was
walking by and saw the screen.

"That fucking, treacherous, evil, vile…,"

"Shhhhh!  It's time for The Happy Kids' Fun Hour!"

"How the hell can you think about a stupid TV show at a time like this!"
screamed Aeka.

"You're right, how could Ryoko do this to you?!  I'm going to go tell her
off!"

"What about you and Kiyone?"

"Oh yeah.  I guess I should talk to her first.  But we need to calm down,
let's go back to the apartment, get some money, and go to karaoke night at
the new bar downtown."

"Oh fine," said Aeka, giving up on it for a while.  Tenchi was now going
downstairs every night and having a drinking session with Yosho and
Noboyuki,
who were usually so drunk by the time he came down, that they didn't even
care if he was too young to be drinking.  Some mornings Tenchi would find
himself wearing nothing but an empty bottle of sake and a smile, in Sasami's
bed (There's a twist!).  Tenchi of course, knew nothing of their
relationship, except that Sasami kept grabbing his ass on a regular basis
(^_^).  Yosho and Noboyuki would often wake up on the floor, next to
Noboyuki's secretary, or someone they didn't recognize (Although Tenchi,
after his hangover was gone, identified her as a girl in his science class
during the school year.).  For some strange reason, after their hangovers,
Yosho and Tenchi were their normal, charming, selves (Probably part of the
incredible arsenal of powers Juraians have.).  Tenchi soon became conscious
of his and Sasami's relationship, but didn't break it off.

"Sasami, have we ever…you know…"

"Nuh uh, my mom would never approve of that, but we have kissed."

"Whew!  That's a relief!"

"That's right!" said "A".

"What are you doing out of your cage, you little sonofabitch!" screamed
Washu.

"Gotta go." said "A", and darted off, riding Ryo-ohki.

"I expected this.  Oh, Ryo-ohki!"  Washu held up a carrot.

"No!  No!  Stupid cabbit!" yelled "A".  Ryo-ohki got the carrot; Washu got
"A".

"Traitor!"  Exclaimed "A" as Washu carried it away to fix its memory.

At the Apartment that Night…

"Say Aeka, what can we do to make Kiyone and Ryoko really jealous?"

"Well, I was thinking either we have sex, or we each have sex with someone
else."

"Why don't we ask why they did it?  Because Kiyone and I are really in love
and something like this shouldn't come between us.  It might be a fake.
Let's ask Washu.  If Ryoko wanted a fake, Washu was the person to go to."

    This was a good idea from Mihoshi, and it knocked Aeka off balance and
she found herself face-faulting.  She hadn't expected such a good idea from
Mihoshi.

"Well, we'll ask them about it tomorrow."

Ryoko:  On the next episode of "Tenchi Gala," there's gonna be a space
battle
between two ships that I'm not going to tell you the names of.  But it's
really action-packed.

Aeka:  Tune in to the next episode of "Tenchi Gala!"

Kiyone:  It's unquestionably exciting.
