

Tenchi's Bride
by
Shadow Guyver 007
E-Mail: Shadow_Guyver_007@yahoo.com
E-Mail 2: shadowguyver007@hotmail.com
AOL IM S/N: ShadowGuyver2000

Author's Notes:

	This story, in case you didn't read the rating, is a romance with a rather 
graphic sex scene using two of the characters from the TV series, Tenchi 
Muyo!. If you are looking for a Tenchi/Sasami sex fic, I'm sorry, but I just 
don't do that kind of thing. Never have, don't and never will. However, Nagi 
does present some interesting possibilities. There is a lot of graphic 
content and is not suitable for all ages. Since there are so few good Tenchi 
romance/Hentai fics out there, I figured that I would incrase their numbers 
by one. Who knows? Maybe I'll write more. As always, comments, questions and 
requests are welcome. If you want to flame me, please don't. While I may not 
have much experience in the field of romance/sex no matter which way you 
look at it, I do know what I have observed in many a Tenchi episode, and I 
can really see the love between these two. Before I go any further, this is 
NOT a Yaoi fic. If that's what you were looking for, you won't get any of 
that out of me. I apologize if you were looking for one, but I have morals 
to stick to. And, for what it's worth, Sakuya is in this one because I 
wanted her to be. This still follows the storyline of the series Tenchi 
Universe, in which Ryo-Ohki is Ryoko's pet, Ryoko is Washu's daughter and 
Sasami never merged with Tsunami. That happened in Tenchi Muyo!, not Tenchi 
Universe.
*******************************************************************************************************************

	It's a typical day at the Masaki house. Ryoko and Ayeka are in the midst of 
one of their many fights over Tenchi, Washu is thinking of new plans to 
collect certain "samples" from him, Sasami is storing that month's carrot 
harvest in the pantry, Ryo-Ohki is trying to eat them, Katsuhito is tending 
to the Shrine, the Miho-Kiyo duo are watching a soap opera and Nobiyuki is 
begging Washu to install a video camera in the women's bath.
	But where, you ask, is Tenchi in all of this? He is avoiding the chaos in 
his home, at least temporarily, by trying to decide on the perfect ring to 
give his beloved when finally asks her to marry him.
	TENCHI: (Thinking) What about the emerald? Nah. It doesn't suit her. The 
ruby is too flashy for an engagement ring, and she isn't the type to go nuts 
over diamonds. Hmm. Wait. Is that a sapphire? It's perfect! (To clerk) How 
much for that one?
	CLERK: Hmm. Fine choice. The sapphire is our most popular gem. That's the 
last one in stock, too. These normally run for 50,000 Yen, but I like you, 
kid, and you obviously love this girl, so I'll give you a deal: Half price. 
25,000. Whaddya say?
	TENCHI: Well, it's worth it. I mean, she is a very special woman. Here. 
(Hands money to salesman) Boy, she's just gonna love this! (Grabs ring, 
places it in his pocket and runs back to the house.)

Later That Day....

	After Sasami has cleared the dinner table, Tenchi calls Nobiyuki, Katsuhito 
and all of the girls together in the living room. His hands are behind his 
back and he's looking very nervous.
	NOBIYUKI: What's this all about, Tenchi? I have a package coming in later 
and it's.. er.. very important.
	TENCHI: We don't have time for your Hentai flicks, Dad.
	NOBIYUKI: (Sweatdrops) How did you know?
	TENCHI: When I sent out all of those letters last week, I noticed one for 
the "Hentai Of The Month Club" and I knew that it could only be yours.
	KATSUHITO: (Whispering to Nobiyuki) That video wouldn't happen to show 
French girls banging each other, would it?
	TENCHI: (Annoyed) Grandpa!
	KATSUHITO: I was just curious!!
	All of the girls face-vault at this. After they get up (and move away from 
the two older men), their curiosity gets the better of them.
	MIHOSHI: What did you want to say, Tenchi?
	KIYONE: Yeah. Mihoshi and I have to be back at our apartment in less than 
an hour so that we can get ready for work.
	TENCHI: Well, I want you all to know that I've finally come to a decision. 
I've been observing you girls for several months now, trying to decide which 
of you will be my wife.
	AYEKA: So THAT'S why he ignored every single piece of my Juraian lingerie!
	RYOKO: WHAT?!?!?!
	AYEKA: Well, at least I don't slip into the shower when he's in there or 
slide into his bed butt-naked!
	SASAMI: Ryoko, Ayeka, please let Tenchi finish. I just can't stand the 
suspense any longer!
	TENCHI: Thank you, Sasami. Now, I will state what I have observed in the 
past year or so. For starters, Washu keeps sending her robots up here to 
drag me down to her lab and strap me to a chair so that she can show me 
porno flicks and try to extract one of her "samples". This is not the kind 
of bride that I want.
	WASHU: (Sweatdrops and makes a mad dash for her lab.)
	TENCHI: As for Ayeka, well, she just knocked herself out of the running by 
telling you guys about the lingerie. I never would have expected the First 
Crown Princess of Jurai to even own such things, much less try to seduce me 
with them and then tell everyone in the house about it.
	AYEKA: (Starts crying and runs up to her room.)
	TENCHI: Mihoshi, you've got to be the simplest one here. All you do is beg 
me to sleep with you. While it does show me how much you care, I just don't 
feel that way about you.
	MIHOSHI: Alright, Tenchi. I'll abide by your decision. No matter what it 
is. (Sits down on couch and tries to keep from crying.)
	TENCHI: Who next? Ah, Kiyone. In the past year, how many notes have you 
left in my room asking me to bathe with you or to take a vacation on the 
Yugami? Although it is a romantic gesture, and you are a nice girl, I'm just 
not attracted to you in that way.
	KIYONE: Whatever you say, Tenchi. (Grabs Mihoshi, who has broken out in 
tears by now.) We've gotta get to work. I'll see you later, guys. (Walks out 
and shuts front door.)
	SASAMI: You're in love with me, right, Tenchi?
	TENCHI: (Laughs) Oh, Sasami. While there is no doubt that you will be very 
beautiful when you get older, you're like the little sister that I never 
had. You are a kind, sweet, compassionate girl and the man that marries you 
will be one of the luckiest men in existence. I just won't be that man. I'm 
sorry, Sasmi. I know how much you care, but I just don't return those 
feeliings.
	SASAMI: Alright, Tenchi. (Hugs him.) I understand. I was just kidding, 
anyway. (Goes into kitchen with Ryo-Ohki in tow)
	RYOKO: But, that must mean...? Oh no! Not her! How could you marry Sakuya? 
She's a nice girl and all, but what has she done to deserve you?
	TENCHI: Well, first of all, she hasn't tried to kill anyone to get me. But 
I've already told her that I made my decision and that I didn't choose her. 
By the way, Dad, she said you were cute and wants to have lunch with you. 
She said to call her if.... Hey, where'd ya go??
	NOBIYUKI: (Looks through Tenchi's address book) Where is she?
	KATSUHITO: (Sweatdrops) He's hopeless.
	TENCHI: Now, as I was about to say... (Gets down on one knee in front of 
Ryoko and pulls out the ring.) Ryoko, I loved you from the moment I saw you. 
I wanted to tell you a lot sooner, but every time I saw you after that, you 
were either fighting with Ayeka or I got a nosebleed. Will you be my bride?
	RYOKO:  (Takes the ring and places it on her finger) Oh Tenchi! you have no 
idea how happy you've just made me. I do have a few confessions to make, 
however.
	TENCHI: What do you mean, "confessions"?
	RYOKO: Well, I'm not a virgin. When I was Kagato's slave, he didn't exactly 
limit my tasks to plundering and destroying.
	TENCHI: Well, I can't blame you for that.
	RYOKO: The other confession is.... Well, maybe you'd better hear it from 
all of us. All right girls, come back in!
	Ayeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi and Washu come back into the room with broad smiles 
on their faces.
	TENCHI: You guys seem a little too happy after being rejected like that.
	AYEKA: Well, Lord Tenchi, you weren't the only one in this house that the 
five of us were interested in.
	TENCHI: Dad! You didn't!
	NOBIYUKI: (Still trying to find Sakuya's number) Of course I didn't, 
Tenchi. Although you can't say that I didn't try!
	We hear a loud "CRACK!" as Katsuhito breaks a Kendo stick over Nobiyuki's 
head and drags him out of the room.
	TENCHI: Please continue, Ayeka. This is beginning to sound like one of 
Dad's videos.
	AYEKA: I don't know how to break this to you, but all the fighing that 
Ryoko and I did was fake. We had to put up a good front so that you wouldn't 
suspect our true motives. We all did.
	KIYONE: Yeah. Ya see, Ryoko isn't the dominating slut that she made herself 
out to be, Ayeka really isn't a royal bitch, Washu isn't into kinky sex, I'm 
not some kind of desperate loner and Mihoshi isn't a total moron.
	WASHU: Kiyone is telling the truth. Mihoshi actually has an IQ of 186. A 
150 or over is considered a genius. She's just clumsy and a little 
absent-minded.
	TENCHI: What's all this leading up to, anyway?
	RYOKO: Well, we were all trying to win your heart, except Sasami, of 
course, but we didn't wanna wait on you to make a decision. So, we all get 
together in one of Washu's sub-dimensions once or twice a week and have an 
orgy.
	TENCHI: So, you're telling me you're all bisexual?
	AYEKA: Yes. Sasami isn't, however, so I would appreciate it if you didn't 
tell her about it.
	RYOKO: Tenchi, before we get married, I would like to say one more thing. 
Over the past several years and countless times of having sex with each 
other, the five of us grew very fond of one another. I couldn't commit 
myself to just you, Tenchi. I would have to be with the girls every now and 
then. Especially you, Ayeka. You're great with your tongue.
	AYEKA: (Blushing) Thank you, Ryoko.
	TENCHI: (Thinks for a moment) Well, there's only one thing I can do.
	MIHOSHI: What, Tenchi?
	TENCHI: Well, I can't cut Ryoko off from you four in good conscience. You 
girls obviously enjoy it.
	AYEKA: You mean...?
	TENCHI: Yes. Since you girls are so close to each other, I can see no harm 
in letting you continue sleeping together.
	RYOKO: Oh, thank you, Tenchi!
	TENCHI: Wait! There is a catch, you know.
	AYEKA: And what would that be?
	TENCHI: You have to let me join in every now and then.
	KIYONE: (Sweatdropping) Tenchi, you've become just as bad as your father.
	TENCHI: Thanks!
	The girls face-vault again as Tenchi laughs his head off.

One Week Later.....

	Tenchi, clad in the tuxedo that Nobiyuki wore when he married Achika, is 
waiting in the Shrine for Ryoko, his one and only love and soon-to-be bride, 
to leave her dressing room and join him as they finalize all that they have 
been working for in the past years. Nobiyuki is standing off to the side.
	After what seems like an eternity, the music starts playing and Sasami 
walks down the aisle, scattering flower petals on either side of her. She 
stops and sits down beside Washu when she reaches the front row.
	Soon after, Mihoshi and Kiyone start their own march down the red carpet. 
Behind them is Ryoko, followed by Ayeka and Sakuya, who seem to be silently 
flirting with each other.
	TENCHI: (Thinking) Oh no! Not her, too!!!!
	Ryo-Ohki, who had been in the arms of Washu, runs behind Ayeka and Sakuya, 
past the last row of seats and begins sniffing at a storage closet. The door 
opens and who should walk out but Ken-Ohki. The two cabbits stare at each 
other for a minute, then take off outside the shrine. This, despite it's 
obvious indications, gets a room full of laughter.
	But, unseen by all except for Tenchi, Katsuhito and Nobiyuki, another, 
taller figure is emerging from the closet. Clad in one of the 
sexiest-looking dresses Tenchi has ever seen, Nagi moves over to sit beside 
Washu. They exchange glances and then the bounty hunter gives Ryoko a short, 
seductive smile.
	TENCHI: (Thinking) Oh, boy! Now I have to share Ryoko with five other 
girls. Plus, Nagi will probably want to give me a test drive. 
(Sarcastically) This just keeps getting better and better!
	Ryoko stops at the end of the aisle and bows to Tenchi. Ayeka and Sakuya 
sit down next to Sasami.
	KATSUHITO: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in the sight of God 
to witness these two people joined in the bonds of Holy matrimony. Tenchi 
Masaki, do you take Ryoko to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to 
hold, to love and to cherish, for richer or poorer, as long as you both 
shall live?
	TENCHI: I do.
	Katsuhito: Ryoko, do you take Tenchi to be your lawfully wedded husband, to 
have and to hold, to love and to cherish, for richer or poorer, as long as 
you both shall live?
	RYOKO: I do.
	KATSUHITO: Does the best man have the rings?
	NOBIYUKI: (Searches his pockets) Gee, I had the things right here. Lemme 
see, where did I put them? Ah, there they are! (Pulls rings out of shirt 
pocket and a nude picture of Achika falls out. Several women cover their 
eyes and quite a few men get nosebleeds.) Heh, heh. Sorry. (Puts picture 
back in pocket.)
	KATSUHITO: Tenchi, place the ring on Ryoko's finger and repeat after me: 
With this ring, I thee wed.
	TENCHI: (Slowly puts ring on Ryoko's hand) With this ring, I thee wed.
	KATSUHITO: Ryoko, place your ring on Tenchi's finger and repeat after me: 
With this ring, I thee wed.
	RYOKO: (Reciprocates the previous motion of her beloved) With this ring, I 
thee wed.
	KATSUHITO: If anyone has any reason why these two should not be married, 
let him speak now, or forever hold your piece. (Room remains quiet) By the 
power given to me as caretaker of this Shrine, I now pronounce you man and 
wife. You may kiss the bride.
	Tenchi pulls his new wife into a full, passionate kiss and a cheer goes up 
from the crowd. They break the kiss, Ryoko turns to face Katsuhito and 
tosses her boquet over her shoulder. Nagi catches it and then stares 
seductively at Nobiyuki, who starts looking worried, much to the surprise of 
Tenchi. After the traditional dance and wedding feast are over, Tenchi and 
Ryoko begin to tear into the various gifts that have been brought for them.
	After opening several kitchen appliances, a twenty-five piece steak knife 
set, a wide-screen TV, a DVD player and a stereo sytem complete with 
phonograph, five-CD changer, dual tape decks and an AM/FM radio from 
Nobiyuki's relatives, Achika's sister brings over a rather large box. Inside 
is a three-room intercom system, a telephone with answering machine and a 
back massaging system designed to fit under the sheets of a bed. Then the 
other girls bring in their gifts.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone present Tenchi and Ryoko with something that will go 
perfectly with their TV: A Nintendo 64 complete with fifteen games. Nagi 
brings Ryoko a hand-woven tapestry of Ryo-Ohki, Ken-Ohki, Yugami and Ryu-Oh 
in orbit around Earth. Ryoko thanks her friend for the gift with a warm 
embrace. Sasami walks over to Tenchi with a rather small package. The box 
inside has the "Capsule Corp." logo on it.
	SASAMI: It's a complete home furnishing set. Living room, kitchen, bedroom, 
just about everything. Ayeka and I both pitched in to get it for you.
	TENCHI: (Bows to Ayeka and Sasami) Thank you both. I was kinda wondering 
what we'd do for furiniture.
	AYEKA: Think nothing of it, Lord Tenchi.
	TENCHI: Well, that's everybody but Grandpa, Washu and Dad.
	Nobiyuki comes up behind tenchi and whispers something in his ear.
	TENCHI: Okay. Everybody, we thank you for coming to witness this joyous 
occasion and for the thoughtful gifts that you have brought us. We hope that 
we will be able to see you again soon.
	After everyone except for Tenchi, Ryoko, Katsuhito, Nobiyuki, Sakuya, Nagi 
and the rest of the gang has left the Shrine, Washu motions for them to 
follow her to the back of the building, where a rather large object lay on 
the ground, covered by a huge grey tarp.
	WASHU: For you, my daughter, and your new husband. (Flings off the cover to 
reveal a large, closed-in ten-person high-altitude cruiser that could 
transform into a van for planetary use.) I thought you could use it.
	As Tenchi and Ryoko are loading the rest of their gifts into the ship, 
Nobiyuki speaks up.
	NOBIYUKI: My gift is in the back, Tenchi.
	TENCHI: Okay, Dad.
	KATSUHITO: And mine is in the glove compartment. Now, I hate to leave so 
soon, but I have an important meeting with the rulers of Jurai. I'll see you 
later.
	With this, he walks off toward the spaceport. Tenchi and Ryoko get into the 
vehicle, wave goodbye to their friends, and head off toward their honeymoon 
suite in Las Vegas, Nevada.
	TENCHI: Hey, Ryoko. Open up the glove compartment. I wanna see what Grandpa 
gave us.
	RYOKO: Alright, my love. (Opens up the small door and produces an 
envelope.)
	TENCHI: What's in it?
	RYOKO: Let's see. (Tears open the envelope and pulls out a piece of paper 
and a set of keys.)
	TENCHI: What does the note say?
	RYOKO: (Reading aloud) Dear, Tenchi and Ryoko. I hope you enjoy the 
two-story condo in Tokyo. It's not just from me, but Ayeka's parents and 
Tsunami, as well. I'm sure that you'll take care of it. From the bottom of 
my heart, I only wish that Achika could have been here to see this. But I 
know that she is proud of you, Tenchi. You have a very fine bride and I know 
that your marriage will be at least as strong as the one that Achika and 
Nobiyuki shared. I only hope that Ryoko doesn't die when your son is five 
years old. OW! What hit me? Oh, well. It's almost time for the wedding and I 
have to get ready. Good luck and may your future be as bright as the sun.

								Sincerely,
								Your Grandfather,
								Katsuhito

	P.S.: Beware of Nobiyuki's gift.


	TENCHI: (After a moment of thought) I wonder what he meant by that? Bring 
that box up here, Ryoko. I wanna see why Dad didn't give it to me at the 
wedding.
	Ryoko fades out for a second and she then reappears beside Tenchi holding a 
rather large cardboard box.
	RYOKO: Let's see what's inside this one. (Opens it up to reveal...... a 
sizable collection of pornographic DVDs and magazines)
	TENCHI: (Sweatdrops) Now I know what he meant.
	RYOKO: (Smiling seductively) Well, I know of a way that we can put it to 
good use.
	TENCHI: You sure do know how to turn a guy on, Ryoko.

Later, In Vegas.....

	Tenchi and Ryoko land on the outskirts of the city, convert their ship to a 
very good-looking white van and drive the rest of the way to the hotel.
	After they check in and are given their keys, they make their way to the 
top floor.
	TENCHI: Here it is. Room 935.
	He unlocks the door, picks his bride up, carries her through the door, lays 
her on the bed, and kisses her tenderly.
	RYOKO: Oh, my Tenchi, this has been the happiest day of my life. I married 
the man of my dreams, you finally know the truth about me and the other 
girls, and I found out that Ryo-Ohki is pregnant.
	TENCHI: What?? You mean that she and Ken-Ohki...? I knew that she loved 
him, but I didn't think that they'd take it that far.
	RYOKO: You'd be surprised what cabbits do when when their masters aren't 
around. Ryo-Ohki even has a picture of Ken-Ohki that she cuddles with at 
night. It's romantic, but also disturbing at the same time.
	TENCHI: I know what you mean. Washu has a camera in the men's bath. She 
keeps giving Mihoshi and Kiyone movies of me. I found out last night. I 
never knew they liked me THAT much.
	RYOKO: They're not the only ones with movies, Tenchi. Washu gives all of 
the ones that she takes of me and Ayeka and sells them to Nobiyuki.
	TENCHI: I've GOT to get some of those! Ever since I found out about the 
whole thing, I've been wanting to see you five in action together.
	RYOKO: Well, if you play your cards right, you'll be able to see what went 
on last night at the party that the girls gave me. (Holds her right hand up 
and a video cassette appears out of nowhere) If you can prove your worth, 
I'll give you a show you won't soon forget and may have the pleasure of 
experiencing very soon.
	TENCHI: What do you mean, 'prove my worth'?
	RYOKO: You have to show me how good you are in bed. If you're good enough, 
then you can see the tape and I might even get Washu to open her dimensional 
tunnel in here and you can experience it first-hand. (Sets tape beside bed) 
Now, do you want to build up to it with a little foreplay or jump right into 
it?
	TENCHI: There'll be plenty of time for foreplay later. (Takes off his 
shoes, jacket, tie, shirt, pants and socks, revealing his muscular body and 
seven-inch dick)
	RYOKO: I never knew you were so big, Tenchi. I never got to see this thing 
up close. Now, it's time for you to see me. (Removes her shoes and dress so 
that her new husband can get a good, long look)
	TENCHI: Ryoko, you have got to be the most beautiful woman in the world. I 
only wish that I could have done this sooner. (Takes his manhood and plunges 
it deep into her)
	RYOKO: Oh, Tenchi! You've done this before! Only a man who's had a lot of 
sex can be this good!
	TENCHI: I hope you don't mind me saying this, but I got a bit of practice 
here and there with Sakuya.
	RYOKO: That's alright, Tenchi. I've slept with her a few times, myself. And 
so has Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Nagi...
	TENCHI: That girl really gets around.
	RYOKO: Yeah. Of course, when you've got seven bisexual women who are 
totally horny, the possibilities are endless.
	TENCHI: (Still humping her) So, have Nagi and Sakuya been invited to one of 
your little 'parties' yet?
	RYOKO: Oh yeah. The first time Ayeka and I saw Sakuya in Tokyo, we both got 
so horny we couldn't stand it. We had to take each other right there in your 
apartment and then we slipped a note into Sakuya's backpack, telling her 
where to go if she wanted to have a little fun. Once she saw the six of us 
totally naked and wrapped up in each other's arms, she threw that school 
uniform off and jumped in between Nagi's legs. I've never seen Nagi have so 
many orgasms in a half hour. It was at least twenty.
	TENCHI: Sakuya must've been real good. I knew she did a great blowjob, but 
I had never thought of her having sex with women.
	RYOKO: Niether did we, but Ayeka thought it'd be fun to try. Hey, isn't it 
a little wierd that we're sitting here talking while screwing each other?
	TENCHI: Not really. Sakuya is a regular chatterbox when she's getting laid. 
It's one of those things that I've gotten used to.
	RYOKO: Yeah. The first time I s;ept with her, the only time she stopped 
talking was when she reached her climax. The only time she didn't talk when 
she had sex was when Mihoshi was eating her. And I can understand why. She 
may seem too innocent to some people, but she's definately one of the best 
women I've slept with. AAAHHHH!!!
	Ryoko was completely engulfed in pleasure as Tenchi's constant humping 
brought her to orgasm, sending waves of pleasure through her like she had 
never experienced before. After it died down, she lay there, her chest 
heaving as she struggled to catch her breath.
	RYOKO: That was... great, but ..... I've still got.... more left. You?
	TENCHI: Yeah, but not much. I'm gonna explode any second now!
	With these final words, he cried out in pleasure and shot his load deep 
within his bride. Ryoko moaned and had three more orgasms, one after 
another. When the two lovers were spent, Tenchi pulled out of his bride and 
lay beside her, breathing heavily.
	TENCHI: Wow. I never felt anything like that. Sakuya was really too tight 
for me to last very long and Nagi always wanted to be in control, which 
means she always made me cum after less than a minute. Washu would just 
strap me to a table and gave me a blowjob, so, while it was enjoyable, it 
was nothing compared to this. Mihoshi always wanted a sixty-nine, Kiyone 
would just drag me into the bath and do whatever she pleased and Ayeka 
always had Azaka and Kamidake to stand guard so that nobody could see us. I 
never felt comfortable with that and I didn't get to enjoy it as much, but 
she's a real demon in the sack!
	RYOKO: (Pretending to be angry) You mean to tell me that you slept with all 
those girls and you never even told me? How do expect me to enjoy our 
marriage if you don't tell me when you're sleeping with the girls so that I 
can watch?
	TENCHI: Sorry, hun. Next time, I'll be sure and tell you or bring a video 
camera. Speaking of sex tapes.... (Points to the cassette laying on the 
bedside table)
	RYOKO: Oh, yes. Silly me. (Picks tape up, puts it in the VCR and presss the 
'Play button)
	TENCHI: (Whistles) I never knew that Kiyone and Washu went at it like that! 
It's like they only live for sex!
	RYOKO: Well, that's really all that those girls live for. I, however, live 
for sex and your love, my Tenchi.
	TENCHI: Um, Ryoko? I thought Nagi hated you. Have things always been like 
this?
	RYOKO: No. Actually, the only reason she hunted me all those years was 
because she heard how good I was in bed. If she had only asked me, I would 
have gladly slept with her.
	TENCHI: Is it my imagination, or do I see you and Washu there in the middle 
of that field?
	RYOKO: That's not your imagination. Washu's pretty damn good. Of course, 
any of the girls would say that. She did, after all, write the Universal 
Kama Sutra book.
	TENCHI: Um, I don't mean to offend you, but isn't you sleeping with Washu, 
you know, incest? She is your mother and all.
	RYOKO: She explained everything to me before we started all this. She 
simply used her genes to give me my basic body shape.
	TENCHI: Well, she made a mighty fine shape.
	RYOKO: Shut up and kiss me.
	With this, she pulled him into a deep, passionate kiss and started probing 
his mouth with her tongue. Tenchi reciprocated and, in less than a minute, 
he was plunging into her again as the tape played on. After a few hours, the 
two were asleep in each other's arms.


THE END

	I hope you liked my first Tenchi Muyo! fic. If I get enough good reviews, I 
might write a sequal. This might turn into a whole series. As always, you 
can e-mail me with your comments/suggestions and I invite open conversation 
via the AOL Instant Messenger, the MSN Messenger Service and the Yahoo! 
Messenger. CYA!!!!!!

