<Revised>

Standard Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and company belong to it's original
creators, all ten thousand of them. I do this not to profit but to share
the wonderful time I've had with their creations.

OtakuNXS Presents...

        A Mad Bad Bishonen Lad Production...

                TENCHI! Master of His Domain!

    The morning dawned, rays of sunshine illuminating the world,
banishing the all concealing cloak of night. It was like a massive
flashlight into the fogged driver's side window of the Earth. As the
darkness was pierced, you could almost hear it say...

    "Hey, what's all this then? Hmmm? Canadian on a horse? With
protection yet? Don't know anything about that, but it's time to wake up
and be respectable again. Now find your underwe... no, YOUR underwear,
can't go to a meeting feeling THAT comfortable. Get those sleepies out
of your eyes, and you there! Yeah, the guy who mixed vodka and Nestle
Quik, strawberry flavor... you ate those little pieces of leftover
candy, didn't you? Ooooooh, what I'm going to do to you..."

    Tenchi mumbled something along the lines of "Why no drinking, I
haven't been occifer..." and rolled over in the bed, snuggling deep
within its confines, hiding from the harsh realism of the sun. Well, it
had been his intention. For you see, somebody was already up. Somebody
had been waiting patiently for him for some time and though this someone
didn't mind letting the boy sleep in, there was no way the young man
would be ignoring this particular someone, not today.

    This someone was through with being ignored, wasn't going to take it
anymore, and if it meant staying up all day and night... so be it.
Tenchi WAS going to pay attention.

    Somebody... needed a hug.

    As he attempted his rolling withdrawal, Tenchi came in painful
contact with that certain someone. "Owwwwww..." the boy grumped, slowly
emerging from his own personal cocoon of eye mucus and phantom images of
nude school attendance. Reaching down, fumbling fingers catching hold of
his tormentor, the young man sighed. "Oh... it's you."

    Yawning, rubbing green deposits of accumulated crud into his irises,
Tenchi allowed his Dreamland to fade, down to the last rib, and
acknowledged the IHOP that was the morn. His other hand stayed in a
defensive posture, lest some inadvertent and unfortunate movement
congeal into something on the left side of agony.

    "You" said nothing, "you" simply sat there, waiting for a forceful
embrace to melt into something more... caress-like. Tenchi smiled,
"Yeah, I know, you're feeling neglected, but really, you gotta wait for
me okay? I can't have you doing this, being up and about in the morning
before I get up. What if certain... someones found you? I'd never hear
the end of it, that's what. And in my situation, they could be
anywhere."

    "You" made no comment, simply waiting. There was no way this was
going to end with anything other then a snuggle and a cuddle, and Tenchi
was the only one who understood, the only one who could do it right.
Standing firm, the young man would find that his morning companion would
be sticking around until there was some right way rubbing to be had and
the boy had asserted himself as master of his domain as was more than
his right. Being a male, it was in fact, his DUTY.

    Tenchi sighed, rolling back over, and relaxed his defensive grip
into a kinder, gentler, grope. "All right, I know what you want... I
guess there won't be any peace in this house till you get it. So...
where to begin."

    Where it always begins, Tenchi thought, with the fantasizing of
other women. Of course, he should keep his mind strictly on the goal a
head, but he wouldn't really be able to perform and that would just make
everything worse. It almost felt like, betrayal, to be thinking of
others when your focus should be completely on your partner.

    Still, he knew, deep inside, that it just wouldn't work. He shared
the bed with a loved one, someone that understood him in ways the other
girls couldn't possibly fathom. This understanding was perfection in
itself, when one was aroused, so was the other, when one was mortified
by the sight of Amagasaki in a speedo awhile back, the other had crawled
away, threatening to never return.

    But when all was said and done, it was his own personal master key
so to speak, and there's only so far self love can go. Tenchi was
holding the stick shift on the auto erotic race track, the green light
flashing, the flag most certainly up... and he was bound and determined,
to go the distance...

    It's odd, when every other limb seems to be done with us, falling
asleep at the most inopportune time, like right before you trip over
your date's prom dress, this one little attachment actually seems to
enjoy its wakefulness. Some guys have even tried to set their alarm
clock, earlier and earlier, to catch it unawares, but always, there it
would be. A grinning, hopeful Nick Adams, wondering if with the rest of
the body awake, it might get some... attention.

    Feet and hands couldn't stay awake to save their digits, but there
would always be a little someone, ready to have a brisk jog and a well
meaning massage before you had even figured out whose nighty you were
wearing and why your boxers suddenly felt so silky and yummy.

    Grunting with the early morning effort, Tenchi went to work with
fumbled mental images of this girl wearing this outfit doing this with
that and that with this and placing it all in over to the left and
spanking this cheek and forgoing the cheese whiz as that was just silly,
to say nothing of unsanitary. As the blood rushed in a frantic torrent
from his sexually oppressed brain, to the actual male thinking organ, he
even found a smile working its way to his lips.

    Not one of his better smiles, not much charm or wit, nor cunning
leer or impressive flash of whiter than white molars. This was NOT a
smile for company. This was more of a self amused, half wakeful,
drooling little grin that spoke of satisfaction to come. Generally, this
face was reserved for moments like this and those really big meals where
afterwards, you have to place a hand in between your belly and pants to
achieve optimum comfort. In his mind, the hastily created amalgam of
females seemed to be enjoying things as well.

    The fantasy girl was a patchwork affair of pent up frustration and
misplaced desire. Ryouko's sultry body, Mihoshi's ample bosom, Washu's
kinky nature, Aeka's... Aeka's... personality? No, losing it... must
focus... ummmm, Sasami's cooking? NO! Going down in flames, pilot to
copilot! Pilot to copilot... have you ever seen your father naked?
ARRRGGHHH!

    And then, suddenly, everything was all right again. His skin gave
a full body shudder as his very being felt... occupied. It was like
having each and every molecule being unexpectedly the target of a
feminine game of guess who. The sort where their hands were over your
eyes, but their fronts, that was all in the small of your back, giving
your spinal column a squishy form of therapy that no chiropractor could
match. And then, the feeling was gone... gone but not forgotten.

    Not only did it give new found fire to the rage of internal hormonal
imagination, but it had put the zing back in ole cucumber, made the
turkey, perky so to speak. He had gotten his second wind and was ready
to finish what he had started, with a vengeance.

    Odd though, he also felt a bit more free, less confined. As though
he was lying nude in his own bed, free of overshirt and briefs. Come to
think of it, it was easier to get to his... pleasure centers... when did
he remove his underoos? There was also something tickling the back of
his brain, which, nearly entirely without the benefit of plasma, was
having a hard time getting a lock on it.

    Something familiar about that whole body shiver, it was like... like
when Ryouko phased through you.

    Ryouko?

    Tenchi focused clearly on the body materializing over him as she
came down with a plop onto his chest. Her backside resting on his
sternum, her legs, pinning his arms between them, and her front clearly
focused on whatever interesting things there were to focus on, opposite
of his top half. She was also wearing his T-shirt from that night. A
souvenir from her little trip, through the floor, up the bed, and past
every fiber of Tenchi's being.

    "Sigh, I went in and out of my Tenchi and all I got was this
stinking shirt... give or take the underpants," Ryouko harumphed. Then,
she paused to take in the situation. "Well now, seems someone has been
dreaming dreams and thinking... thoughts."

    "Ummm, Ryouko?"

    Bending over a bit farther to get a better view of the miniature pup
tent, Tenchi's shirt rode up Ryouko's back, revealing Astro Boy's
smiling face on what had been Tenchi's choice in nightwear. Somehow,
Tezuka's finest seemed to be looking even more earnest and determined.
She filled out odd areas of the fabric, while leaving others completely
empty. "Hmmm, only about half mast though, I should hope at least. Guess
it was a dream about Aeka, huh? And my, just WHERE were your hands a
moment ago? I seem to have them trapped, but, in such an... odd
position."

    Tenchi wondered how she was able to make everything she said come
from so far back in her throat. Okay, this wasn't good. Here he was,
completely paralyzed in what could best be described as the premium,
grade A, high quality, Penthouse super sexy sausage edition, fantasy
come true for every red blooded male of practically any species or age
category you could care to name. But, he was Tenchi... damnit! There was
no one that could hold him in the bonds of almost certain gratification!
He had gotten out of worse.

    "Ryouko, please get off."

    "Not a problem," she smiled, hands beginning to roam about, blankets
being removed from the bottom side, up. "Should this be a hands on sort
of thing, kiss to awaken the sleeping prince, or simply the hell with it
all and go right to the unrestrained exploration of one another's
internal organs?"

    Tenchi groaned. "No! I mean get off of me, geez Ryouko," the boy
paused, considering,  "and... unrestrained exploration of internal
organs? You sound just like your mothe... ulp!" The last was cut off
along with the young man's air supply as a pair of legs pressed in on
both sides of him, making continued conversation a tricky affair, to say
nothing of respiration.

    "I sound just like my mother, when she what... Tenchi?" Ryouko
asked, voice dripping with soothing undercurrents, the sort of sultry
seduction that might make you forget that with a twitch of this thigh
muscle or a spasm in that feminine slope, there would be a separation
of upper and lower body mass the likes of which church and state could
only dream.

    "Noth... nothing, just... talk... that's all... you know...
explore... scientist stuff... Ryouko... air? Please?" Tenchi gasped.

    Ryouko blushed, here she was, wearing his clothes just like all the
female magazines had said, he was certainly in a receptive mood,
catching clues that had thus far eluded him... thanks to what was
basically a fully extended antenna. And what was she doing? Worrying
about... that. Washu wouldn't do anything like... that. She knew how
much the boy meant to her offspring. Besides, if she had, why the young
woman would simply beat mother to her component atoms. "Oh, sorry."

    Ryouko released the pressure and her captive, floating to the floor,
stretching out, and let her body go all cereal... *snap*crackle*POP*
..stretching her body. The shirt had a rather hard time keeping up with
all the curves and virtually gave up somewhere around the young woman's
backside.

    Turning, she saw Tenchi slowly get out of the bed, keeping his eyes
on her. He didn't notice he was going full monty until about halfway
through the process. Shrieking, he enveloped himself with the covers and
edged toward his drawers. "Ummm, mind turning around?"

    "Yeah, okay." How could she refuse when he used that little school
girl voice with the implied post nasal drip?

    "I- I'm going to the bathroom now, oka... Auugggh... ahem, okay."
Tenchi said, discovering that some operations, even perfectly normal,
one leg at a time and then zip affairs, have a whole new dimension of
difficulty added when one tosses in an excited extension. Even worse,
with Ryouko standing there, still wearing his shirt in loose bunches,
its hem rising just above her backside, the one she just scratched
absently...

    "SO," Tenchi squeaked. He paused and regained control over his vocal
chords while dislodging a bit of entrapped flesh and hair from it's
prison of metal interlocks. "So I'd like a bit of privacy... okay?"

    Ryouko sighed, "Sure, whatever you want. You still might want to do
something about that though." The young woman emphasized with a gesture.
"It's like running around with a loaded weapon, you could accidentally
discharge a round at the wrong time," like around one of the other
female occupants of the house, "and there'd you'd be, all embarrassed,"
and about to get pummeled.

    Tenchi smiled at her, more out of pride for accomplishing what Ben
Stiller could not, than anything else. "Don't worry, Ryouko, I
understand completely."

    Shaking her head, Ryouko turned. Why had he smiled at her? She was
just getting angry with him and then he had to... HUMPH. "Somehow
Tenchi, I doubt you understand me at all, but there's only so much
subtext and body language a girl can do. And I don't know semaphore."

    She left the dumbfounded young man, and phased through the door.

    Tenchi opened it a few moments later, trying to catch a hold of
whatever he had seemingly missed. "Hey, wait a sec, Ryou- MULPH..."
Reaching up, he pulled the gag from his mouth and watched it unfold,
revealing Astro Boy staring back at him.

   Ryouko floated over him and through the ceiling, wearing only his
shirt.

    Damn that boy... the young woman scowled, sitting bare backed on the
Masaki roof. Damn his smiles and damn his goofy manner and damn his
smoldering eyes and damn his kind ways... NO! She was not going to do
this, not today. Ryouko was upset, and she was going to STAY that way.
She had every right to be. This was her first real chance at righteous
indignation and she'd be damned if she'd let it go just now when she was
getting a taste for it.

    It hadn't been the no, that was no real crime. He'd be ready when he
was ready and she'd be there, waiting for him. No, it had been that look
after she had lost her temper. That look he STILL wore after all their
time together. The look said more about his thoughts than the infrequent
private smiles he liked to dish out like unsweetened cooking chocolate
received on Halloween.

    For every pie crust promise inherent in that smile, there was a
whole paragraph of frantic realization in that look. It said, "Gosh,
she's awfully cute. Too bad she's lowered more universal property values
then an entire civilization of overzealous low class, human colonists
with a tendency toward war and inbreeding. Kind of a shame really, all
that killing more people then any planet wide, incurable plague since
the dark ages. Yep, really a shame, her being so cute and all. Too bad,
she's a monster."

    Well, she was pretty sure he didn't blame her for her past, the
years, so many years, spent as a slavering dog of war, all for a power
mad man's whims. But, while he might not find her at fault, the simple
capacity... scared him just the same. It was the same look he had when
she had chased him about the school rooftop.

    Honestly, you think a guy would get over a little overzealous
foreplay by now.

    He was probably down there now, sitting upon his porcelain throne,
hand gripped firmly about his scepter, musing over which concubine will
engorge him while he goes about his business. Mihoshi, ah yes, full of
bubbly bounce... Tsunami, a goddess if ever there was one... Washu,
adult form, all the naughtiness one could hope for, leaving the niceties
to chubby men with beards and rosy cheeks... hmmmm, how about Ryouko?
Sexy, saucy... capable of tearing off any extraneous body part should
the passion get too much... ahem, no, maybe not.

    Ryouko sighed, sure, it was POSSIBLE... but, she hadn't accidentally
torn anything amusing off Aeka either, and she had had ample
opportunity. Humph, it all boiled down to a lack of trust... even now.

    Hell, he was probably thinking about the princess now, too. Thinking
about Aeka's... Aeka's... personality? Hmmmm, well, there had to be
SOMETHING.

    She paused to think about the matter. Heck, the little snotty brat
even got the boy to do that nasal hemoglobin drip like you see in the
manga. Oh, that's just great... goddess, she was below Aeka in terms of
female objectification when it came to male personal stimulation.

    That was simply NOT fair, the young woman grumped, not in the least.

    Then, Ryouko had an idea... an awful idea... Ryouko had gotten a
wonderfully AWFUL idea. "Heh," the demoness grinched to herself, "this
should be fun."

    Tenchi looked down at the captain's chair in that special star ship,
Tolietprise. It was a simple affair. Though the house was currently
virtually plagued with feminine wiles and that special woman's touch,
the bathroom had thus far seemingly survived much the same as it always
had. There was no furry covering to encase the lid in muffled
furby-tude, and thanks to the convenience of ready dry alien clothing,
no vines of carnivorous pantyhose reached out sensing the young man's
approach.

    It was simply a white, tile and porcelain paradise of get in, get
your business over with and get out, oh and for the love of goddess,
please refill the toilet paper, yeah, on the roll, that's what it's for.
Thanks to these considerations by the opposite sex currently housed
within the Masaki household, the males made it a personal habit to
always put the lid down afterwards. This led to universal harmony and
had nipped what might have been seemingly pre-destined homicides before
they could even be foreshadowed.

    Tenchi however, had a problem. It was early morning, and naughty
dolphin or no, he had to go pee. Apparently, it had something to do with
his manhood. Having one necessitated that while no man was indeed an
island, urination. Problem was, mother nature, who should never be
confused with anything but an impressionist at best and a mad woman at
worst, simply hadn't designed both inconveniences of the male experience
to function at the same time.

    He had two options as far as he could tell. The first was to give a
bit of a lean, hope for the best and prepare for clean up afterwards.
Alternately, he could sit down, squeeze himself under the lid and
possibly pull a groin muscle. Neither seemed all that tempting a
prospect, but the simple fact was, with a traffic jam of sorts currently
honking and screaming epithets in his nether regions, he had to do
SOMETHING.

    Still, come to think of it, there was one more option. Ryouko had
said herself, best to clean his gun and remove any explosive rounds
before embarrassment seeped in... or out. Sure, with the dual pressures
working overtime, he'd probably make like a Kryptonian and do something
shot gun like. All things considered though, it would solve his problem,
and the clean up wouldn't half as bad as trying to direct a ten gallon
fire house into a ten ounce hat.

    Removing his pants with only minor difficulties this time, Tenchi
took position and set his mind to the task at... hand.

    He decided against conjuring thoughts of Ryouko, he had hurt her
somehow and could hardly keep on course as guilt threatened to derail
arousal. No, he'd have to make it up to her. Mentally promising himself
to be a good boy after the inherent pup dog tail was dealt with, he
instead let his brain drift toward pneumatic bumbling detectives and
perverted red heads with an overabundance of playthings...

    Aeka woke up groggily, allowing herself a rather satisfying scratch
in places of her anatomy that princesses were generally forbidden to
scratch... or in fact have any knowledge of. Sasami had been deep in the
bowels of another nightmare most of the night, and her older sister had
spent her allotted beauty sleep, consoling the young girl.

   Something about a large man with horns, wearing striped pajama's and
fighting with their father. Which was silly, there had been peace
between the Oni and Jurian empire for some time, why would they ever
come to blows? Then she had mentioned some cackling panty mad emperor in
black and his twisted son, Aeka wearing clown make up, and a very
naughty dominatrix tool.

   None of it made any sense to Aeka, except the last bit. Still, Sasami
had quite a few years ahead of her before she had to worry about...
that. Shushing fears with a calm, practiced hand as it wound its way
through the young girl's hair, she had finally gotten her sister to
sleep a couple of hours before dawn.

   "Awww man, am I the ONLY one not getting any personal gratification
today?" Ryouko grumbled, appearing in the room in that special way that
said walls were not so much an inconvenience as simply an invite to see
just what could be causing all that grunting and moaning.

   "I- I- RYOUKO! You are NOT allowed into my room..." Aeka blushed,
moving her hands from her lap. "And for your information, I simply had
an itch."

   "So, you got fleas instead of needs, and this is a good thing?"

   "Look, I am NOT in the mood, monst- ", the young princess choked off
the last word as she noted a rather sinister look light Ryouko's eyes.
Had they simply begun to glow red, they couldn't have implied more
malice. Somehow, dangerous ground was being tread and Aeka wisely
decided it was best to back off. Then... she got a good look at what the
demon was wearing. "Tha- that's... "

    "Hmmm? Oh, this old thing? Well, he wasn't using it at the time and
I thought, what better trophy? I mean it's not like I can just mount
his gnards on the wall." Besides, she grumbled internally, Tenchis'
ain't got gnards.

    "Liar! You just went through his laundry and snagged something to
annoy me with. Well, honestly, heathen, I simply don't care today. I've
had virtually no sleep, and frankly plan on ignoring you until such time
as I can properly deal with you in a cool and composed manner, as
befitting my station."

    Ryouko smiled, "Is that so?" Suddenly, her hand came up, crackling
with energy, diffusing the morning light oddly about the walls, before
it formed into a small sphere. She watched the reflections of the ball
of light as they danced about Aeka's eyes, the young girl was still half
asleep and would be hard pressed to put anything much into a defense. A
little more power, just a wee bit, and there would be no more rival, no
more princess, no more Jurian nobility issues... just her and the man
she loved.

   Nah, that was too easy.

   Aeka leaped to the side, frantically pulling up a force-shield, just
as the energy orb slammed into her... containers. Clothes combusted,
make up melted, and lingerie lit aflame. Both women watched the flames
dance about the wooden cylinders, before the Jurian safety measures on
the remaining bits of carry on, snuffed the fire with concussive power.

   "Awww, sorry about that princess, I was just aiming for the
toiletries, you know, make up, perfume, all that make pretty gunk you
seem to need so much of. Didn't mean to hit all those clothes." Or make
that hole in the side of the wall... careful girlfriend, she thought.

   Aeka stood slowly, face downward, anger evident in every fiber of her
being. Even the prim and proper speech patterns learned from a lifetime
of custom and ambassador training not dulling the lethal edge of her
tone. "Why did you do that Ryouko?"

   Ryouko paused, uh-oh... did she go too far? It was important this
went right, she had to exercise delicacy this time. Should be okay, the
princess hadn't leapt at her yet, things were still under her control,
but... could she really go through with this? Home girl might just tear
the boy a new, NO, be strong she told herself.

   Stick to the plan. "Well, Tenchi was planning on going to town later
on this afternoon, and I figured with you looking the way you do, he'd
probably rather have a nicer looking girl to wear on his arm. So,
bye-bye Avon and bye-bye competition."

   Aeka took a step forward.

   "Course, you do have some spares in the bathroom," Ryouko seemed to
chide herself.

   Aeka paused.

   "Guess it's all a matter of who gets there first? Huh?" With that,
Ryouko turned, phased through the door and hit the ground running.

   Aeka simply roared!

   Tenchi was starting to lose feeling in his backside, which wasn't a
good thing, testament to numerous false starts and frantic recranking.
He was also losing feeling in his spinal column, which was a good thing.
Not much longer before, well, before he'd be making funky noises,
funkier faces and a rather more then funky mess. One more joke by the
mistress of nature he supposed. Just when things were getting REAL good,
it got harder and harder to keep track of all your digits and limbs.

   Concentration was of utmost importance at this point. Soon, he'd be
past that mystical no man's land where even basic contact was no longer
required... simply a will, a wai, and some tissue paper.

   Careful now; almost there... stay on target... almost there... Ryouko
phasing through the door, that's nice... almost there... stay on...
Ryouko?

   Still half on automatic pilot, he looked up into those deep golden
eyes as they regarded him full of, love? No, not this time, something
different. Desire? Nope, not that either, more intense... almost,
mischievous. Evil? Yes, that was it, pure, unadulterated, evil. The evil
glint made its way to her smile just before she ported away, leaving
Tenchi alone in the room, about to explode

   Sadly, the bathroom door beat him to it.

   "RYOUKO!!!"

   "AEAKA?!?"

   "TENCHI!?!"


   Ryouko appeared on the roof. Settling down, she pulled out a bottle
of sake she had snagged mid way up there and let the sunlight do all
sorts of rude things to her body. "Gosh, that was mean of me," she
mused. "Gotta stay strong though. Now then, where was I?"

   She paused to take a long swallow from the bottle. "Oh yeah, damn his
wishy washiness and damn his little master key and damn his tight butt,
NO... ahem, damn his pinched annoying little squeak that melts me
like... NO!"

End part One

Parrot King: You know, that was kinda mean of me, almost makes me
hesitant to inflict what I have planned on him on the next part.

Krudd: This is a sewies? You can't be sewewious...

Parrot King: Nah, just a two parter <looks to audience> Gosh, you guys
still here? More fun when Tenchi Master of His Domain continues...
here's a peek.

..>

   Aeka cried out with drunk indignation, "Yessshhh! There must be a
shhhhpanking!" Before taking a long gulp from the shared bottle.

   "And then, the oral sex." Ryouko agreed.

   The young princess spewed, and barely suceeded in keeping from
falling off the roof. "Oral shhhex? Are you shure?"

   "Very important element, you can hardly leave THAT out."

   Aeaka shighed, "I have shooooo much to learn... *hic-up*"

..>

Parrot King: Hope to see ya there!

Special Thanks: Barry Cadwgan, Su Mai'lirden, Bombadil Goh, K'thardin,
and Magic Knight Kiyone... without them, I might just have indulged in
something that, through the lessons Tenchi has taught me, I no longer
take for granted ^_-

Revenge's End Mad Bad Bishonen Lad
Caretaker of the Dark and Lonely Place (COR Deaconate)
The Parrot King

(And the Moon was as blood, the Storms crashed and the Seas BOILED!)
(Typical, thought the Lobsters)
      /
 Oo
(~, )
 V
