                                 Legal Stuff

I do not own any characters of trademarks of Tenchi Muyo or any part of it.
So don't sue me anybody! Thank you.

                                    Enjoy

Setting: The day after Sakuya sees Tenchi and Ryoko together int he park and
Ugi sheads a single tear because of this, if you have seen the episode you
will understand.

Tenchi stares at the ceiling quietly, he looks over at the pictures he and
Ryoko took and sighs thinking about the night he had spent with Ryoko and
how Sakuya had reacted to this. Tenchi mentally kicking himself for not
remembering about Sakuya, how much he would love to hold her, and just be
with her.

Tenchi drifts off to sleep thinking of
her...............................................RRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGG!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Tenchi jumps at the should of the phone, he looks over at the clock and
wonders who in the fuck is calling him at 4:30 in the morning?!! He answers
grogily, "uuuuhhhh Hello?" "Tenchi this is Sakuya can you come to my house
right now?"

"Uh sure, I'll be there in about 15 minutes?" Tenchi hangs up thinking what
the ................???!!? I wonder what she wants? Tenchi gets dressed and
heads out to Sakuya's. Its winter, and cold as hell(I know its not really
winter with my stroy, thanks), the whole way over to her house he is still
thinking what she wants, when he finally gets there. She is standing out on
the balcony.

"Tenchi, come up here pease." Tenchi abides and goes up, he gets a full
glimpse of her from behind in her robe, and feels his member stiffin he
tries to hide it hehind his coat. He goes up to Sakuya, "What did you want
with me?"

I want to say that I am going to quit chasing you Tenchi and trying to get
you for myself, I see that you already have a love. Tenchi feeling like
someone has just stabbed him through the heat.

From somewhere he got this sudden courage, Tenchi grabs Sakuya be the
shoulders and goes into a deep long hard passionate kiss which seems like an
eternity to both of the, their tounges intertwine with each outer as they
explore each other's mouths.

They break from the kiss, Sakuya starts to speak, "OOOOhhhh Tenchi
I........" But is only silenced by Tenchi's finger pressed gently against
her lips.

"Sakuya, I love you, I have longed to tough you and hold you, since the
first day we met int he middle of the square, and until today I have loved
you, and have longed for you like something was missing, like, like." "Like
a part of your soul", Sakuya finished. Exactly! Tears fled from Sakuya's
eyes down here cheeks, "Tenchi, I have waited for you to say those words to
me since I met you.

The pair kisses and Tenchi and Sakuya slowly lay down on the floor and
Tenchi slides his hand down and opens Sakuya's robe and cups her small, yet
well formed breasts, tugging and carressing the nipples he sticks one nipple
in his mouth and sucks gently, Sakuya moans in pleasure. Tenchi takes due
time to give each nipple proper attention. He then slowly slides his hand
and slides his hand underneath her little cotton panties, and feels the lips
of her pussy.

Tenchi can feel her reaction to the touch, Sakuya shivers in extasy.
"Tenchi, please, I want you in me now!" "Yes, my goddess." Tenchi inches her
little panties off with his teeth. Then moves to the bra and struggles just
a bit with the snap but it eventually gave way.

Tenchi now over the completely naked Sakuya marveled at her beatiful body, a
cold breeze came from the winter night and Tenchi sees Sakuya's discomfort,
she shivers, "This is no place for our first", Tenchi says picking up Sakuya
and taking her to the bed in his arms Sakuya rests her head upon Tenchi's
strong chest.

Tenchi lays Sakuya down on the bed and goes under the warm blanket on her
bed, Sakuya gets on top of Tenchi, now its my turn to undress
you,(allthough he only has a pair of silk boxers on), Tenchi with an almost
painful hard on can't wait until she gets it out. Sakuya takes off his
boxers and stops for a minute and gasps and Tenchi's
size!!!!!!!!!!! "Tenchi, your so, so, big!" Tenchi blushes. Sakuya takes
Tenchi's hard cock and rubs the head around her lips, teasing him. "Oh
you naughty little girl." She then puts his cock in her pussy and pushes
down. Sakuya cries in pain, tears come from her eyes. Tenchi wipes away the
tears. "There will be nothing  but pleasure now, I promise."

Sakuya starts moving up and down on Tenchi's rod and all the pain turns to
pleasure and she starts moving faster and faster, Tenchi grips Sakuya's hips
and grinds his cock in her. Tenchi thinks to himself how tight she is,
Sakuya groans in please. Tenchi pumps harder and neither of them can take it
anymore and they both cum at the same time. OOOOOOOOHHHH
TENCHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!! SAKUYAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They both lay there
motionless only the rising and falling of their chests, Sakuya rests her
head on Tenchi's chest and they hold each other. "I love you, "Sakuya, and I
love you too, Tenchi my love.

They stare out the window watching the snow fall and drift off to
sleep..........................................

Hey, this is Krackhead420 hope you enjoyed my little lemon and give me some
feedback, ideas, improvements. Peaceout for now and look for me Sequal
"Wrath of Ryoko"
