Disclaimer: Don't Sue some one you don't know! Its Rude!
<^> (`.`) <^> I REALLY HATE DISCLAIMERS.

Just so you know if its in a ( this thing) its an announcer.

On with the re-write!



(Our story Begins in the Misaki Home.  Tenchi is sleeping Ayeka 
is resting with Sasami Washu is working in her lab Mr. Misaki is 
in Washu's lab being experimented on...Yosho is in his shrine and 
Ryoko is...where is Ryoko anyway?...Oh I see well on with the 
episode!)

Ryoko flys through the walls of the house and into Tenchi's 
room.
"Hello my Tenchi! Mind if I stay here for the night?" She purrs 
rubbing up against the sleeping boy.
"Oh no response? Ill take that as a yes then!" She purrs.
Phasing out of her cloths she picks up Tenchi's blankets and lays 
down next to him.
She wraps her arms around him and falls asleep.

Time quickly passes in the phenomena of sleep time and soon 
it is the morn. 
A Sreal shreak cuts through the early morning air.
Tenchi shoots up in his bed.
Looking to the side he sees Ayeka on the ground reaching to him 
and Sasami crawling towards him saying something about joining 
him.
"What's going on" Tenchi spurts looking around.

Tenchi suddenly notices something wrong....
He stares down and views the beautiful cyan haired Demoness known 
as Ryoko...a Ryoko without clothing.
Ryoko looks up at the confused Tenchi and purrs.
"Umm Ryoko what are you doing" Tenchi sputters.

"Im just cuddling" she says happily.
"YOU SHE-DEMON GET OFF OF TENCHI!!!" Ayeka shrieks.
"Oh shut up your Royal Lowness" Ryoko yells back.
The two ladies continue bickering for awhile...




Suddenly logs form around Tenchi and Ryoko.
Tenchi is blasted into unconsciousness.
The last thing Tenchi sees is a concerned Ryoko.

~~~~~

Tenchi stands up in a dark blue room.
He looks around and calls out,"Hello" 
Only hearing his echo he walks out the door.
The door slams Behind him.

He turns around and grabs the handle.
Suddenly the door turns into a mouth and swallows him whole.
Out of thin air he appears in a lake of a blue strands.
Grabbing pulling and moving through the lake Tenchi yells.

The entire body swirls around and stares at him.
"Sasami?" Tenchi spurts.
A giant Sasami head stares at him but with the right half of it 
is Tsunami.
Tenchi stands up and runs away.

He hears a cross of Tsunami and Sasami's voices yelling, 
"Tenchi!"
But he continues running down the dark path.
Appearing in a hallway.
Running...he continues running through the hallway.

He looks up which is down for Tenchi is running on a 
darkened ceiling.
Running along the path he continues down the walls and onto the 
ground running in a spiral.
Suddenly he is running up a stairwell. 
criss-cross-'s and turns a hundred stairwells he runs through the 
stairs the endless stairs.
A log suddenly appears infront of him.

He trips over it and falls down the stairs.
Suddenly he crashes down hitting all his parts on different 
stairs.
Crashing down he lands on a silky white hand.
The shift of the earth raises.
His spot on the hand stops moving.

Tenchi looks onward into what looks like a forest of Cyan 
trees.
Suddenly the forest of cyan turns back and a face is revealed.
"Ryoko" Tenchi calls out.
"Oh Tenchi you fell down and hurt yourself" The giant Ryoko coo's 
back to him.
Suddenly the whole world spins.




A giant Tenchi appears on a couch head on a Giant Ryoko's 
lap.
"Ryoko" he says slowly rising to her face.
"Tenchi" She coos to him.
"Ryo...ko" he says slowly locking into a kiss with Ryoko.

The worlds of Reality and Dream Time flash between each 
other.
Flashing worlds calash into each other and Tenchi appears in the 
world of Reality. 
Tenchi opens his eyes awake once more having ended his dream.
He stares into closed eyes.
Noticing whats going on he pulls back ending the kiss.

Everyone stares at him.
"Wha What happened?" Tenchi blurts out.
Washu(Adult version) Walks up to him and starts speaking to 
him,"Well basically Ayeka's Massive Explosion that was the power 
of Tri Nitro Tessellate Knocked you into unconsciousness for the 
time period of 1'060'045 seconds.."
All turn to stare at Washu with sweatdrops on their foreheads.

"Ugh Why is it so hard for you to understand ok ill stay it 
in Latin terms.  Ayekas big BOOM KO'ed Tenchi for two weeks!" 
Washu yells.
"Oh" Everyone says.
Then a smile crossed Washu's face,"And then you called out 
Ryoko's name lifted yourself of her lap and kissed her...now what 
were you dreaming of Tenchi?"
"Umm well it was pretty weird it involved a lot of weird things 
to tell you the truth a lake of Sasami's hair Sasami with a half 
Tsunami face a running in a spiral hall a thousand stairs the 
dark room at the starts I was tripped by a log and crashed down 
into a giant Ryoko's hand and then I appeared on the couch and 
kissed her in the moment then I woke up" Tenchi blurts.

Everyone gets a sweat drop on their head.
Suddenly Washu appeared a Tenchi's side rubbing up against him 
says,"So why did you kiss my Ryoko?"
Ayeka appears at his other side.
"Yes why did you dream or not!?" She screeches.

Suddenly a Ryoko appears on Tenchi's lap and where Ayeka 
was...pushing Ayeka off the couch (and with Ryoko's strength 
right into the wall.)
"Probably cause were the best" both of them coo.
"He would never think you're the best she demon! Especially with 
Royalty about!" Ayeka screeches.
"You evil squeaky voiced trash how dare you say such a thing!" 
Both Ryokos yell.

Both Ryokos and Ayeka get into a fight.
Ayeka's logs appear around the Ryokos.
Another large blast shakes the Misaki house hold once again.



Both Ryokos are blasted into Tenchi.
The whole couch topples over and both Ryokos land on Tenchi.
"My poor head" Tenchi moans grabbing his head.
"Look what you did you hurt Tenchi again Ayeka!" the Ryokos yell.

"It was you! Oh poor Tenchi! Let me heal you!" Ayeka squeals 
and runs over to the couch.
"No Tenchi is Mine!" Ryoko yells hugging Tenchi and phasing away.
"Ah wha" Tenchi says but is cut off as he is teleported away.
Ayeka shreaks and grabs the remaining Ryoko but hands go right 
through her as she phases away.

Tenchi and Ryokos appear above the lake.
They reform as Tenchi's head stops spinning.
"Where are we?" Tenchi asks.
"Look down" Ryoko says.

Tenchi looks down and sees the lake about 120 feet below 
him.
"Oh the lake...AH!" Tenchi says.
"Don't be scared Tenchi I wont drop you." Ryoko purrs.
"Well ok" Tenchi Replies.

"Wanna go for a flight?" Ryoko asks.
"Umm well sur....WHOA!" Tenchi says blasting off with Tenchi.
They fly through the sky passing over the shrine and over the 
vast regions.
"Ryoko...we should get home now." Tenchi says.
Ryoko nods and flys down to the Misaki residence.

She lets Tenchi go and phases away.
"Bye Ryoko!" Tenchi calls out as she disappears.
Tenchi walks in and stares at an empty room but a very white 
Ayeka staring at the spot he was at before he was teleported 
away.
"Where are they that she demons probably out seducing Tenchi 
against his will" Ayeka mutters.

"Umm Ayeka im b....oof!" Tenchi says but is cut off as Ayeka 
walks by and slams him into the wall and storms out the door.
Tenchi peels himself from the wall and looks at Ayeka storm off.
"I don't like her attitude...ouch my face" Tenchi says falling 
over.

Sasami walks in and over to him and says,"Dinners ready!"
"Ok Sasami." Tenchi says getting up.
Tenchi sits down at the table and eats some noodles with the rest 
of the gang.
Sasami then asks,"Tenchi where are Ayeka and Ryoko?"


Tenchi then replies,"Well Ayeka stormed off looking for me after 
I had said Hi to her and Ryoko fazed out last time I saw her.
"Ok" Sasami says


~~~At the Shrine.

Ryoko sits atop the Misaki shrine looking over the horizon.
"Why did Tenchi kiss me...does he love me like I love him?" Ryoko 
says aloud.
"I wanted to give Ayeka Tenchi to replace me...but Id rather have 
him be happy with the one he truly loves" Yosho says from behind 
Ryoko.
"AHH What are you doing sneaking up on me?!" Ryoko yells.
"You cant get on my shrine without me noticing Young lady" Yosho 
says laughing.

Ryoko stands up and says,"Hey your shoes untied."
Yosho bends over then says,"Wait a second I don't have laces 
AHH!!!!"
Having Kicked Yosho in the butt knocking him of the shrine 
continues day dreaming.
Yosho falls onto the ground and gets streams of anime tears on 
his face with the big eye anime trait)

~~~Back at Misaki Residence.

Tenchi having finished dinner walks upstairs to goto bed.

(I the Narrator and Author of this story Ran out of ideas by 
here)

(...Im thinking Im thinking!)

(Hmm....)

(Ok got something)

(On with the story!) 

Tenchi lays on his bed sighing and looking out at the 
glowing moon.
"I wonder where Ryoko is..." Tenchi sighs.
Slowly and silently Tenchi falls into a deep sleep.
(And the dreams begin!)

Tenchi stares up at Ryoko with the world spinning as he is 
sucked into space.
They stop in the depths of space and a giant claw appears.
Spinning around Tenchi views a giant beast A monster with a 
purple head.
A shreal shriekish roar is bellowed and the words are yelled," 
You dare to discard me like a puppet...GRRR....TENCHI NOW YOU 
DIE!!!!"



An explosion of white is seen and Tenchi is sucked into a 
black hole his last sight is a man with black eyes...a giant the 
size of a planet the man was and Ryoko called out his name.

3 weeks past and Tenchi has the same dream every night still 
no sign of Ryoko

Tenchi wakes up sweating and panting looking around.
Staring out the window he sees the sunrise.
His breath slows and heart beat returns to normal.
"Ryoko where are you?" Tenchi calls out
Hopping out of bed Tenchi runs out of the room putting on cloths 
in a record time of 0.0032 seconds.

Tenchi grabs his case and runs out the door.
He passes the shrine and about every tree with no luck.
Sighing Tenchi slows the a walk and heads towards school.
Ryoko slowly floats behind Tenchi phased out.
Walking through the school doors Tenchi enters his first class.

Ryoko watches Tenchi drone through the day.
Pondering a few things Ryoko wonders why Tenchi is so down and 
why he ran so much this morning.
She lets out a sigh but quickly notices her mistake.
Everyone in the room was looking towards the empty chair Ryoko 
was sitting in.

A boy holding a glass of water walks up and pours a glass of 
water over the empty chair.
The water slides right through Ryokos phased form.
Ryoko stands up un-phasing and forms a energy sword and yells at 
him,"THAT WASN'T NICE!" 
"Whoa!" The boy yells toppling over and everyone starts 
whispering.
The teacher falls over unconscious from the shock.

Tenchi hops up and grabs Ryokos hands and the sword 
vanishes.
"Ryoko where have you been I've been worried about you." Tenchi 
sputters.
More whispering and giggling comes from most of the girls in the 
room.
"I've been  phased out for awhile following you around...since I 
wasn't to sure want to think or if I could face you after that 
kiss...I was a little embarrassed for you to see me." Ryoko says.


"Im sorry Ryoko if it disturbed you..." Tenchi says slowly 
"No Tenchi...I liked it...im just not sure how you would 
react..." Ryoko says slowly.
"Ryoko...I ...." Tenchi says cut off by Ryoko.
Ryoko wraps her arms around Tenchi in a tight hug.
Tenchi puts his arms around Ryoko and rests his head atop of 
hers.

A silence falls over the room.
The guys start to hoot and say," Good job Tenchi ya got a gal!" 


More giggling from girls then they all get sweat drops over their 
heads as the next scene is played.
Ryoko slowly mutters,"Tenchi I love you...and love is new to 
me...but I love you Tenchi"
"And I think I love you...Ryoko" Tenchi Replies.
A red blush crosses Ryokos cheeks.
"Umm..Ryoko would you like to go out to the movies and dinner 
with me?"
Hopping up and down Ryoko hugs Tenchi ten times harder.

"I accept" Ryoko says happily.
Her and Tenchi leave as the last bell of the day rings.
The girls and guys still stand in the room and the girls turn 
their heads to the guys.
"Now why haven't you guys asked us on dates?" They yell running 
to the guys.		

                   .                          .                  
      .
(7:00 p.m Movie Theater)

"So what do you want to watch Ryoko?"
"Well I like that one" Ryoko says pointing to a show where a guy 
and gall are kissing.
Tenchi walks up to the lady in the booth and says,"2 Adults 
please" 
Ryoko cuts in and says,"Hey I want the Senior price!"
The teller replies by,"Sorry miss but Senior price is for people 
over 60"

"Just so you know im 17,000 years old!" Ryoko yells holding 
up a small metal device that a plastic sheet comes up and Ryokos 
wanted poster dated over 16,320 years ago appears.
The teller faints and Tenchi and Ryoko shrug and goto watch the 
movie.		
As the movie plays Ryoko watches the lady getting kissed and held 
by her loved one.
Ryoko feels a moisture between her legs.

~~~At the Misaki Residence Washu's lab.

Washu lets out a sudden moan her hand down working at her 
clit as she views the movie from Ryokos mind.
Washu stands up and retrieves a confused Misaki from his room and 
takes her to the lab.
"Ms. Washu do you want to do tests on me again?" Misaki says with 
a tone of fear.
"Tests thats a good word for it but I have something different in 
mind" Washu says and closes the door to her lab and the door 
vanishes.

      ~~~At the Restaurant movie ended

"What would you like to eat Ryoko?" Tenchi asks
"A big bowl of noodles for us to share" she replies in a purr.
"Ok...one number three waitress" Tenchi says.
A big bowl of Noodles is placed before Tenchi and Ryoko.
After a while Tenchi and Ryoko come down to the classic last 
noodle kiss.
 


(I think I should but in here...Usually id put in the detail but 
its 4:48 AM thats about 13 hours since I woke up but with a 2 « 
mile to slow me down im not in the best of my abilities right 
now)

Ryoko and Tenchi fly back to the Misaki Residence. 
"Ryoko...id like to ask you to...would you marry me?"

(No thats stupid let me try again)

 "Ryoko I love you and it would due me a great honor if you 
would...be my Wife" Tenchi Declares

(Thats kinda lame too...damn this sucks....I want to finish this 
and go onto the next one....I actually have fresh Ideas for 
that...)

(To add sex or not to add sex? That is the question that effects 
ratings and quality of the story...)

(Sex I guess)

Tenchi and Ryoko float into Tenchi's Room.
"Ryoko I...love you" Tenchi says slowly.
"And I love you Tenchi" Ryoko purrs back.
"Umm Ryoko would you like to...you know?"

(Ok by this point im sickened and bored of this story...but 
gotta continue if Im to make my ending I like sigh)

"Tenchi you finally loosened up to me?" Ryoko purrs and 
phases out of her clothing.
Barely seeing how fast Ryoko's moving Tenchi's already into bed.
Ryoko doesn't even give Tenchi a chance to interact.
She slows down the pace so they can both enjoy it.

Ryoko places her clit in Tenchi's face while she sucks the 
shaft of Tenchi's cock.
Tenchi knowing what to do since he has a perverted dad that has 
movies on the subject.
Licking and sucking Tenchi pleasures Ryoko.

(I feel bothered about having so many ideas in my head but to get 
stuck in a sex scene ugh)

Ryoko moves into a different position over Tenchi so she can 
ride him.
As Tenchi's cock enters her... Sparks shoot from her eyes.
After awhile of Riding Tenchi spurts his seed into Ryoko.
With the new found pleasure Ryoko lets out her powers by 
accident.

Tenchi is blasted into the wall in his newly charred room.
Washu's L ab also experiences an explosion from Ryokos power 
(also Washu's)


So almost everyone just stares from their position wide eyed and 
charred.


Ryoko looks side to side then says,"Tenchi think ya can go 
another round?"
Tenchi shakes his head and coughs up smoke.

(I blew up the Tenchi gang in my writing...guess I was bored)

After cleaned and clothed Tenchi starts to ask Ryoko "Thee 
Question"

             .                        .                        .

6:42 p.m Misaki Residence Table

Over dinner at the exact same time Ryoko and Washu hold out 
their hands and reveal wedding rings.
Mioshi pipes up at this,"Your all married Yay! But wait if Ryoko 
is Washu's daughter and Misaki is Tenchi's Father and they 
married Tenchi and Ryoko are Siblings and married! You know what 
that Means don't ya?" 

Everyone gets sweat drops over their heads.
"It means Ryoko married her brother and Tenchi married his sister 
and......im so confused" Mioshi says and faints from confusion.

Everyone falls over.

Ayeka rushes into the room and yells,"Tenchi you chose the 
she beast over me? Well you cant toss me aside like trash 
Tenchi...NOW YOU DIE!

    (Ok now im done good bye)

The lights turn off and the doors close as all leave.
A last voice is heard,"All off the set prepair for sequel! No Sex 
in Sequel sorry, but well graphiced lesbian scene in 
trilogy...get rest people this will take a lot of time and 
effert...we may even get a blister on my finger!"






........................................
OK LEAVE ALREADY!

Good bye






