Disclaimer: This Fanfic contains Adult content so it's recommend that your
18.  If you aren't 18 then you probably won't understand it anyway and if
you can't read you'll have an even harder time.  Also, I do not own Tenchi
Muyo or anything related so please don't sue my ass!  All I have is an old
skateboard, a cheap computer, and a hacky sack that beads are falling out
of.  It's not like you'll sue me anyway.  Sorry but I don't have e-mail, but
feel free to write to me at:

Rick Schain
2033 Stonehaven Dr.
Corona, CA 92879

It all started one day, hold on, it might have been the day after that,
wait, who cares it doesn't matter.  Back to the story.  Tenchi woke up on
his own today.  Which was a shock to him.

TENCHI: Wow!  What a nice sleep, wait a minute, no one woke me up.

He looked at his alarm clock (which he doesn't set cause Ryoko always wakes
him up)

TENCHI: OH MY GOD!  It's already 11:30!

He was surprised at how quiet it was.  He walks outside his room to find
Sasami walking down the hall.

TENCHI: Hey Sasami!

SASAMI: Oh, hey Tenchi!

TENCHI: Not that I'm complaining, but...

SASAMI: Yes Tenchi?

TENCHI: Why is it so quiet this mourning?

SASAMI: I don't know but Ryoko and Akeka weren't fighting at all today.  In
fact, I think they're playing tennis outside (if you're asking when they got
a tennis court, Washu built it a couple days ago, anyway it's my story and
they get to have whatever the fuck I want).

Tenchi couldn't believe this so he went outside to check it out for himself.
There he finds Ryoko and Akeka playing tennis just like Sasami said.

TENCHI: Wow, you guys are being nice to each other!

AKEKA: Yes, we solved are differences.

RYOKO: Yeah, we figured neither one of us is going to get you to put out any
time soon.  Now we don't have anything to fight about.

Ryoko and Akeka start giggling.
TENCHI: Wow...ok bye.

He almost felt a sort of relief at first.  So he decided to take a walk.
Just down the way he saw Yosho and Noboyuki playing hacky sack.  His new
found boredom made him decide to try to play this hacky sack game (I know
that they never played hacky sack on the show before but this isn't the
show).

TENCHI: Hey guys!

YOSHO: Hey Tenchi, join the HACK!

Yosho kicks it over to Tenchi.  Tenchi tries to kick it to Noboyuki but
instead he kicks it into the muddy marsh that was nearby.

YOSHO: God damn it Tenchi!  That was our only hacky sack!

NOBOYUKI: Good going dumb ass!  Let's go Dad.

As they walk away Noboyuki punches Tenchi right in the face.

TENCHI: OWWW!  Damn it!  I miss the girls fighting over me.  I'm so bored.
Maybe, they like me, and this is all just a trick!  I know what I'll do!

Tenchi goes inside and hears Ryoko in the shower.

TENCHI: Perfect.

Tenchi goes inside the bathroom.  He strips completely naked and jumps in
the shower.

RYOKO: WHAT ARE YOU DOING TENCHI!

But before she could finish the sentence Tenchi's small dick was already
inside of her.

RYOKO: RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPE!

TENCHI: Shut up bitch!  I know you like it!

Ayeka heard this and called 911.

AYEKA: My friend is getting raped right now!  Ok, you're on your way,
thanks.

Ryoko tried to fight back but Tenchi was too strong.  A few minutes later
police knocked down the door of the bathroom just as Tenchi was cumming.
The police grabbed him and threw him on the hard tile floor and started
hitting him with nightsticks.

OFFICER1: You sick son of a BITCH!  Take this!

TENCHI: RODNEY KING!

OFFICER2: SHUT UP PERV!  I'll probably get a medal or something for this!

After a good hour or so of beating, the officers finally took him to prison
for rape and possession of Marijuana (that was actually Yosho's).  They
didn't bother giving him a trial they took him straight to a federal pound
me in the ass prison.  His term is life and every night his big black cell
mate does him up the ass with his 12 inch nigga cock.

THE END
