I am a fan of the Tenchi Muyo series.  I do not own any of the 
characters.  I write only for fun.  This is a dark fan fiction.  Please 
stop reading if you don't like gory and/or if you're under 18 years 
old.

Tenchi's Insanity Series

Chapter 2: Tenchi's Psychotic Cure

As Tenchi was in his house preparing of one of the girls to return and 
enter for the final time, the girls were looking all over Tokyo for 
gifts.  The gifts were for Tenchi and herself.  It was going to be was 
thing that will finally catch Tenchi's heart and make him hers forever. 
Each of the girls was looking in a different place.  We'll start with 
Ayeka.  She was in a candy store with Sasami.  Mihoshi was there too.
"Wow.  Rare Swiss chocolate." Mihoshi said.
She was drooling all over the glass panels.  Ayeka and Sasami were 
pretending they didn't know her.  As Mihoshi's thoughts were off 
Tenchi's, Ayeka's the Sasami's were right on track.
'Lord Tenchi doesn't look like the chocolate lover.  I hope he's a 
royal princess lover,' Ayeka thought. 'But it maybe nice if he gets 
some candy from me.  Lord Tenchi you will soon be mine.'
Sasami was kind of thinking the same thing.
'Look that all this.  I can make better food then this,' Sasami 
thought. 'I wonder if Tenchi would want a home cooked meal before we 
hit the bed.  This will be the first for us both.'
Mihoshi was looking all over the panels and thinking about the 
chocolate and about Tenchi.
'Chocolate is great.  I like it.  But Tenchi might be better,' Mihoshi 
thought. 'I wonder how I'm going to show my love for him.  Oh I know.  
I'll to a Gap or something and buy something sexy.  Tenchi will see me 
and fall in love with me.  That will be great.'
Washu was at a computer store thinking about Tenchi.
'Tenchi is a sweet boy,' Washu thought. 'I wonder if he'll screw me on 
his own.  If he doesn't, I'll just force him too.  I'll show that a 
small body can bring huge pleasure.'
At a comic store was Ryoko.  She was thinking about how to impress 
Tenchi.
'I need something for Tenchi,' Ryoko thought. 'I want to fuck Tenchi 
before Ayeka.  I need something for Tenchi.  I think if I buy enough 
love spice and put it in his food. Tenchi will be too horny and he'll 
instantly fell in love with me.'
Near a bank was Kiyone.  She was keeping an eye on the bank but was 
thinking about Tenchi.  She was a cop and was thinking how that can pay 
off.
'Tenchi is an innocent boy,' Kiyone thought. 'He hasn't done anything 
wild.  But maybe he has a hidden wild side.  I think I should coach it 
out of him.  A little S&M will be fun.  And he'll be mine and I can 
dump that bubble brain partner for Tenchi.'
In jewelry store was Sakuya.  She was looking for something real 
special.  Something that will express her love for him.  She saw 
diamond rings, pearl cufflinks, and ruby hearts.  All looked too girly.  
She was running out of time fast.  She wanted Tenchi very badly.  She 
sighed as she looked.
'I'll never find something for Tenchi,' Sakuya thought. 'I need 
something special.  Tenchi is the hottest guy I know.  But then again I 
don't know many guys.  Think Sakuya think.  I guess I need his option.  
I have to make a firm choice.  Since the others wouldn't be back 
anytime soon.  I'll just go in and talk to Tenchi.'
Sakuya nodded to herself and started to Tenchi's apartment.  She was 
going to ask Tenchi for what he likes.

As she walked to Tenchi's place, she was thinking harder then she ever 
had before.
'I don't have the sexiest body.  I'm not the smart girl is school.  I'm 
not the most skilled girl in gym.  But I know Tenchi loves me.'
She walked to Tenchi's apartment and to his room.  She hesitated for a 
second.  She then started to knock on Tenchi's door.  Tenchi was in his 
room on his bed.  He heard it and got up.  Tenchi was hoping it wasn't 
one of the girls.  But at the same time he did.  As they were out, 
Tenchi was sharpening every blade in the house.  He wanted to be 
prepared for any of the girls.  As he walked to the front door he 
wondered how he was going to do the first kill.
"Who is it?" Tenchi asked.
'Please let it be Sasami.' Tenchi thought with an evil smile.
"It's me.  Sakuya." Sakuya said.
Tenchi softly grinded his teeth.  He opened the door and saw Sakuya in 
all her beauty.  Even thought she was a sight to see, Tenchi still 
wanted her dead.
"Listen Tenchi," Sakuya started to say. "I know you know that I love 
you.  It's just. just I'm afraid for losing you."
Tenchi wanted to wrap his hands on her neck and squeeze the life out of 
her.  But looking into her eyes all fill of tears, he decided to do 
something nice before he kills her.
"I'm sorry to hear that.  Please come in." Tenchi said.
Sakuya entered with a sense of sadness around her.  Tenchi closed the 
door behind her and started to look at her ass.  Tenchi wanted to 
backstab Sakuya right now but he wanted to be seen.  Sakuya sat on the 
sofa and tried to dry her eyes.  Tenchi walked in close to her and sat 
next to her.
"Oh, Tenchi, I know the others are after you too," Sakuya said. "And 
they all have something I lack.  If it's not brains, it's beauty.  If 
not, it's straight.  If not, it's skill.  The list goes on for miles.  
All I'm saying is that I'm defiantly your last choice."
"You're not." Tenchi said softly.
"I'm what?" Sakuya said.
"You're not my last choice," Tenchi said. "In fact.  You're my first.  
The one I truly love."
"Really?" Sakuya asked.
Tenchi nodded.  Sakuya was overwhelmed with pure happiness.  She was so 
happy she couldn't hold back her feelings.  She thanked Tenchi and did 
a major lip lock.  Tenchi was shocked, mad, and happy all at the same 
time.  He wanted to force Sakuya off and punch some of her teeth out.  
But instead he wrapped his arms around Sakuya to embrace the kiss.  He 
took it a step farther by opening his mouth.  Sakuya slipped her tongue 
into Tenchi's mouth.  As they were playing Sakuya was thinking about 
the future.  She broke the kiss and looked a little sad.
"What's wrong?" Tenchi asked.
"It's just." Sakuya said.
"Just what?" Tenchi asked.
"Just. I think we're going to fast." Sakuya said.
"How?" Tenchi asked.
"I mean we're going too fast," Sakuya said. "First we're frenching.  
Soon we'll be fucking.  And I don't want to be a young mother."
"Don't worry," Tenchi said. "We don't have to have sex.  Plus I doubt 
you'll get pregnant."
"Really?" Sakuya asked.
"I promise.  You'll not become pregnant if we have sex," Tenchi said. 
"But we should take it down a notch."
Sakuya giggled.
"Okay." Sakuya said.
Tenchi got up and started to the kitchen.  Tenchi looked back at 
Sakuya.
"I'm kind of hungry," Tenchi said. "I'm going to the kitchen.  Do you 
want something?"
"A ham sandwich would be nice." Sakuya said.
"Two ham sandwiches coming up." Tenchi said proudly.
"Cool." Sakuya said.
Tenchi started to make a sandwich with some fresh meat.  But what 
Sakuya didn't know was that Tenchi was sharpening the knifes for 
something other then the ham.  Sakuya looked back at Tenchi.  But she 
didn't see him.
"Tenchi?" Sakuya said.
"Over here." Tenchi said.
Sakuya looked and was confused.  Tenchi was behind her and he was 
carrying knifes on straps.  He also had a knife in his hand.
"What are you doing?" Sakuya asked.
"We'll a long story short," Tenchi said. "I became psychotic.  And the 
only way to get my sanity by is by destroying the problem."
"What's the problem?" Sakuya asked.
As she reached for the remote of the TV.  She figured something on it 
will come him down.  Tenchi saw it and threw the knife at her.  He 
barely missed.  Sakuya jumped back.
"The problem is you and the other sluts that are after me," Tenchi 
said. "So.  I'm here to kill you."
Sakuya's heart stopped.
"What?" Sakuya said. "Why?"
"And I said you won't get pregnant," Tenchi said. "And I never heard of 
a dead woman that give birth.  So you better run."
Sakuya reached for the remote again so she can through it at Tenchi.  
Tenchi threw another knife and sliced off Sakuya's middle finger.  
Sakuya screamed in pain.  Blood poured from where the missing finger 
once was.  Sakuya panicked.  She ran to the door.  As Tenchi drew 
another knife, Sakuya opened the door.  Sakuya ran as fast as she could 
but Tenchi caught up in the hall.  He had a at Sakuya's throat.  Sakuya 
tried not to breathe deep.  Tenchi moved with her to the stairs.  One 
hand held the knife, while the other was playing with her tit.  Tenchi 
only let go to open the door.  He walked Sakuya up the stairs.  At the 
top of the stairs, Tenchi opened the roof door.  Sakuya felt the cold 
air on her skin.  Tenchi also felt the cold but to him it was nothing.  
Tenchi walked Sakuya to the edge of the roof.
"Sakuya, it pays to be near the roof," Tenchi said. "I think we're 
about 15 floors high."
"Tenchi, please don't." Sakuya plead.
"Sorry," Tenchi said. "It's you girls or my sanity.  And I pick my 
sanity."
Tenchi forced Sakuya to the edge.
"Now you must think I'm going to push you off and let the fell kill 
you."
Sakuya knocked.
"Close," Tenchi said. "But I had something more. gory in mind.  But you 
see it soon.  See ya."
Tenchi pushed Sakuya off.  Sakuya screamed as she fell.  As she fell 
she saw what Tenchi meant.  She was falling over a hydrant and couldn't 
stop.
'Why Tenchi?' She thought.
That was her last thought.  She fell on top of the hydrant and it tore 
a whole in her gut.  Most of her guts and blood oozed out of her 
lifeless body.  Tenchi smiled at himself.

Back in his room, Tenchi was sitting on his bed.  He had the picture 
that Kiyone had.  With a song and a pair of scissors, Tenchi was 
carefully cutting out Sakuya from the picture.  When he was done, he 
threw the piece into a box labeled, "Dead".
"Eight little girls, one is dead.  She fell down, with her blood all 
red.  Now you know, what I just said.  I'll take a gun, and shoot the 
next girl's head."

Tenchi: On the next episode, I go back to the shire.  If a want 
something done right.  I need to be at the source.  Who'll be the next 
girl?  Find out on the next episode: Eat to Death.

The count is 2 of 11.  I hope you liked the gore.  Sakuya was too easy.  
The others will be harder.  Thank you for reading.
