I am a fan of the Tenchi Muyo series.  I do not own any of the 
characters from the Tenchi Series.  I write only for fun.  This is a 
dark fan fiction.  Please stop reading if you don't like gory and/or if 
you're under 18 years old.

Tenchi's Insanity

Chapter 7: When Insane Boy Meets Insane Girl

At the Masaki house, Kiyone was drinking and partying like mad.  It was 
days since she last saw Mihoshi.  She left a note saying that she was 
going to an anime convention and won't be back in a while.
"Oh happy day, oh happy day," she said. "Mihoshi is gone and I'm free."
"That is until she returns in three days." Ryoko said slamming reality 
down into Kiyone.
"Gee, Ryoko, thanks for ruining my good mood." Kiyone said 
sarcastically.
"You're welcome." Ryoko said with a catlike smile.
'Slut.' Kiyone thought.
Kiyone thought of Mihoshi.  She was an idiot to say the extreme least.  
She had a body slightly better than Kiyone's.  With the keyword being: 
slightly.  She became as high of a promotion as Kiyone for some shitty 
and unknown reason.  All Kiyone thought of Mihoshi is if it was the 
final move Kiyone have does.  She'll grab Mihoshi by the neck and snap 
it.  Quick and painless.  Quick and painless.  She smiled to herself.  
But she wanted to wait for the right moment.  Soon that moment will 
come.

At the house, Tenchi kind of overslept.  By three hours, 48 minutes and 
12.4 seconds according to Washu.  But that's going into useless detail.  
Tenchi remembered that he was going to go out and kill Kiyone next.  
But how was a mystery.  She was too plain.  Too common play with.  She 
doesn't have anything special to her.  She was just boring.
"Just," Tenchi mumbled to himself. "I'm up to my last three girls.  And 
I've got to kill Kiyone,"
He walked to the window and couldn't figure out how.
"Kiyone is one of the smartest women I know with the skill to use it," 
Tenchi continued.
"I thought by know she of all people would have figured out my plan,"
He got dressed and continued mumbling as he walked to the girls' home.
"Kiyone is like a diamond," Tenchi mumbled. "Flawless and prefect,"
He stopped halfway to the girls' room.
"She is a little greedy and has a slightly big ego," Tenchi said. "But 
those qualities are nothing compare to the others.  Dead and live,"
He started again.
"She is kind of all the girls command," Tenchi started to think. 
"Mihoshi's body, Washu's IQ, Ryoko's skill, Sasami's humor, Ryo-Ohki's 
cuteness, Ayeka's leadership, and Sakuya's heart,"
Tenchi moved slower.
"In fact," Tenchi said. "She doesn't drive me crazy.  In fact.  She is 
the only one the girls that I kind of like.  Maybe even love,"
Tenchi shook off that unwanted feeling.
"No.  To free myself and regain my sanity," Tenchi said. "I must kill 
them all.  I must,"
Tenchi started to cry at that thought.  He had three choices.  Kill 
every girl, kill his hope of sanity, or kill himself.

At the living room, everyone heard Tenchi walking to them.  The steps 
echoed through the halls and rooms making it sound haunted.
"Tenchi," Kiyone said. "I have something special for you."
"That is?" Tenchi asked.
"We're going to this new laser park," Kiyone said. "I would have gone 
with Mihoshi.  But she would have got us banned from it."
"But I wouldn't," Tenchi said. 'Ban you. or kill you.'
"Let's go," Kiyone said dragging Tenchi away.
As they left, a bottle fell from Kiyone's jacket pocket.  But at first 
the two didn't see it.
"I'm worried for Kiyone," Washu said. "Even though Mihoshi was gone for 
a few days, Kiyone looked a little over amp."
"Yea and she looked hyper too." Ryoko said.
"Over amp means hyper." Washu said.
Ryoko gave a catlike smile.  She looked down at the floor and saw the 
bottle.
"What's this?" Ryoko said.
"If it's what I think it is," Washu said. "Tenchi is in deep shit."
"I don't know what you're thinking," Ryoko said. "So you better spit it 
out first."
"Kiyone is a drug addict." Washu said.
"Yes and no," Ryoko said. "It is not the illegal kind that I use. er. 
may use,"
Washu raised an eyebrow.
"It is the type that is calming."
"Being around Mihoshi must be the reason." Washu said.
"That's the bad news," Ryoko said. "The good news is that it least 8 
hours with 2 pills."
"I think that's the bad news," Washu said. "How many were in there?"
"I think. 600 or so." Ryoko said.
Washu did some quick math.
"I repeat 'Tenchi is in deep shit.'" Washu said.
"Damn." Ryoko said.

At the laser park, Kiyone want in quickly.
"Tenchi," Kiyone said. "What do you want to do first?"
Tenchi looked into Kiyone's ocean blue eyes and started to wish for 
another way to go.  But he knew there wasn't.
"Eat," Tenchi said trying to hold his tears. "I'm a little hungry."
The two went to the food counter as Tenchi was thinking to himself.
'Why?  Why must I kill her?' he thought. 'Maybe this once, I won't 
kill.  But I'll lose my sanity.  But is happiness better?'
Kiyone was thinking too.  But her thoughts are more private.

After the meal Tenchi walked to the arcade as Kiyone walked next to 
him.  She was ready for some action.  But Tenchi looked a little 
distracted.
"What's wrong?" Kiyone asked.
"I was thinking." Tenchi said.
"Oh.  I see," Kiyone said. "You want to be with me?"
"No," Tenchi said. "That's not it.  I want to be with you."
"And I you." Kiyone said.
Tenchi sighed and nodded.
"N I U?" Tenchi asked.
"Never mind," Kiyone said. "I think we should take this."
Tenchi handed the Virginity Regain.  Kiyone took a sip and handed it 
back to Tenchi.  Tenchi took a sip and looked at Kiyone.
"I guess we can do it now." Tenchi said.
Kiyone stripped fast and stripped Tenchi fast too.  It seemed she 
wanted this over fast.  She was all over Tenchi in a second with her 
tongue in his mouth.  As she French him, she felt him up.  She broke 
the kiss and slid herself onto Tenchi's rod.  She humped him hard.  A 
little too hard for Tenchi's comfort.  She faked an orgasm to prove how 
good he was.  She climaxed fast as Tenchi seceded.
"Thanks you that." Kiyone said.
"You were." Tenchi said.
"Fast?  I tried to be." Kiyone said.
"But why?" Tenchi asked.
"Because I think I went insane a while back." Kiyone said.
"From Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked.
"Not just her," Kiyone said. "She was only one.  The other girls drove 
me crazy because they all wanted you."
"What are you saying?" Tenchi asked.
"I'm saying I'm going to kill you," Kiyone said openly. "Once you're 
gone.  The girls will go their separated ways.  And I would have to 
listen to them anymore."
"But. I love you." Tenchi said.
"It's you or me," Kiyone said. "And I choose me."
Tenchi smiled.  Now he can kill Kiyone without being sad for it.
"Well I choose me too." Tenchi said.
He kneed Kiyone in the gut.  As Kiyone flinched, Tenchi ran and took 
Kiyone's gun.
"See ya."
Kiyone looked up as Tenchi fired repeatedly.  The shots hit Kiyone 
making holes through her.  Kiyone died with the first five shots.  
Tenchi took the body and put it into the mini coffin.
"Eight little girls.  One that I love," Tenchi sang. "I shot her from 
the above.  The next girl is the smallest of them all.  Because just 
very soon.  They all will fall."

Tenchi: There are two girls left.  I'll kill Washu first and Ryoko 
last.  Washu will die with her own weapons.  But what. Washu is going 
to put up a fight?  She'll be harder to kill than I predicted.  The 
next episode: Death of a Genius.

The final kill is coming.  This is chapter 7 of 11.  Washu and Ryoko in 
that order.  But the final chapter will be the biggest kill of them 
all.
