I am a fan of the Tenchi Muyo series.  I do not own any of the 
characters from the Tenchi Series.  I write only for fun.  This is a 
dark fan fiction.  Please stop reading if you don't like gory and/or if 
you're under 18 years old.

Tenchi's Insanity

Chapter 9: Ryoko's Revenge Part 1

At the Masaki home, only one girl was alive.  Tenchi was in the garden 
at the time and watched with happiness that his sanity will soon be 
restored.  But he had to kill Ryoko to do that.  But how is the 
question.  She is too powerful for a direct assault.  And she's too 
claver to got the drop on.  She had powers that may prove difficult to 
kill her.  But he needed a way.  But how is a big mystery.  But it 
mattered very little to him.  If his killing streak holds out, he'll 
kill her for sure.
'The final girl,' Tenchi thought. 'The final kill.'
But as he laid there Ryoko watched in secret.  She had an evil smile on 
her face.  She was up to something.  She then flew to the house with a 
plan.  Something Tenchi will have to look out for.

As Tenchi walked to his house, he still wondered how he'll kill Ryoko.  
She is the strongest of them all.  And so she is the toughest.  The 
toughest is always last.  But Ryoko was planning something of her own.

Tenchi entered his house and was pleased by its peacefulness.  But it 
didn't stay peaceful for long.  Soon after Tenchi entered, Ryoko jumped 
him and gave a big bear hug.  It scared Tenchi badly.
"Tenchi," Ryoko said. "You're finally mine."
Tenchi tried to move but the bear hug was very tight.  Too tight for 
Tenchi even to breath.
"Ryoko." Tenchi chocked out. "You're crashing me."
Ryoko looked and let go.  She had a catlike smile of her face.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Ryoko said innocently. "I didn't know it was killing 
you."
Tenchi sighed as he gasped.
"Great. great." Tenchi said sarcastically. "But what did you mean by 
finally yours."
"Oh don't play dumb," Ryoko said. "It's my turn.  And I want to make 
you the happiest man alive."
"How?" Tenchi asked a little nervous.
Ryoko moved in close to Tenchi's ear to whisper her plan.  She said to 
so only Tenchi would hear.  But since no one else was there, it was 
almost pointless.  But once Ryoko finished whispering, Tenchi was 
greatly shocked.
"YOU WANT TO HAVE SEX!" Tenchi yelled.
"You make it sound like it's a bad thing." Ryoko said in a childish 
way.
"It is. it is." Tenchi protected.
Ryoko looked at him mad as hell.  Then slowly started to cry.  She 
broke into a mad cry shortly after.
"Oh Tenchi," Ryoko said crying. "You killed my prefect dream.  I just 
want to be loved by you.  Is that a crime?  Is that so wrong?"
Tenchi was deeply wounded.  Her tears were like daggers.  She was after 
Tenchi from the start.  She and Ayeka.  But know Ayeka is gone.  Ryoko 
has a chance at Tenchi.  But she didn't know that.  Tenchi was confused 
and depressed.
'If I kill her, I'll be free and happy,' Tenchi thought. 'But I may 
never be able to make love to an alien again.  Plus she may be worn out 
by the sex.'
Tenchi sighed and placed his hand on Ryoko's shoulder.  But since Ryoko 
was crying so much, it was wet.
"Eww." Tenchi said shaking his hand dry. "Um. Ryoko?"
Ryoko looked at him as she was still crying.
"Tenchi." she said.
"Listen.  I was thinking and."
"And." Ryoko said.
She started to cry less.
"I'll do you." Tenchi said.
Ryoko stopped crying and was overwhelmed with joy.
"Oh thank you Tenchi.  Thank you," Ryoko said. "And I know the perfect 
way to do it.  It was something I always wanted to try."
Tenchi took a step back.
"Oh?" he said nervously.
Ryoko had the evil smile again.  She grabbed Tenchi and teleported to 
her room.  Tenchi was kind of panicked.  He didn't know what was going 
to happen, but he knew his sanity was on the line.
"Okay Ryoko," Tenchi said. "I guess I'm ready."
"Well?" Ryoko said.
"Well what?" Tenchi asked.
"Undress." Ryoko said.
"In front of you?" Tenchi asked.
"No duh." Ryoko said.
Tenchi gulped.  He was embarrassed.  He wasn't ready for this.  But he 
undressed anyway.  He tried not to let Ryoko see too much but he'll be 
getting naked soon so it didn't matter much.  Not to mention she'll be 
dead soon.  Ryoko was amazed.  He had a good sized cock for someone his 
age.  And he wasn't aroused yet.  Ryoko wanted that rod to be hard and 
now.  She floated close to Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him.  She 
hugged Tenchi then moved to his private part.  Tenchi tried to resist 
his instinct to move.  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's man toy and started to 
rub.  Tenchi was getting hard by the touch.  Ryoko dreamed of this 
moment for a long time.  After Tenchi's dick got hard, Ryoko decided to 
start him off with a blowjob.  Tenchi was shocked.  He never felt a 
blowjob before.  Ryoko seemed to be good at it too.  Tenchi was moaning 
as Ryoko sucked and blew.  She was playing his Tenchi's dick as he came 
close to cumming.  She stopped short because she wasn't in the mood to 
have cum of her face.  Tenchi was breathing slightly heaver as Ryoko 
backed off.
"Why did you stop?" Tenchi asked.
Ryoko smiled.
"I wanted to do something special," Ryoko said. "I want to do a 
threesome."
Tenchi was confused.  The other girls were dead.  And no other girls 
know about this place.
"With who?" Tenchi asked.
Ryoko smiled as Tenchi felt a tap on his shoulder.  He turned around 
and was shocked.  Behind him was a second Ryoko.
'Two Ryokos?' Tenchi thought. 'I didn't predict this.  But this may 
still be fun.'
Ryoko 2 floated to Ryoko 1.
"Well?" Ryoko 2 said.
"How do like us?" Ryoko 1 said.
Tenchi was confused.  The Ryokos smiled at Tenchi and moved closer to 
him.  But at the same time they seemed to be getting closer to each 
other.  Ryoko 1 placed her hands on Tenchi to force him onto Ryoko's 
bed.  As he sat he expected the Ryokos to pounce on him like a pair of 
jackals.  But instead, they faced each other and started to kiss.  Now 
Tenchi was confused and shocked.  He watched as the Ryokos parted 
slightly to show that they were Frenching too.  And enjoying it a lot.  
Ryoko 2 parted and moved to Ryoko 1's tits.  She was slowly undressing 
her as she went.  Ryoko 1 was enjoying the touch and watched as Ryoko 2 
removed her shirt.  Tenchi knew Ryoko didn't wear a bra.  But he didn't 
know that she wanted to do this.  As Ryoko 1 became topless, Ryoko 2 
moved and licked Ryoko 1's right nipple.  Tenchi was enjoying this.  
The Ryokos made sure that Tenchi would see everything.  Ryoko 2 licked 
and sucked on Ryoko 1's tit and moaned with pleasure.  Ryoko 2 moved to 
Ryoko 1's left tit and did the same to it.  After a minute Ryoko 2 took 
her top off as Ryoko 1 did the same to her.  After that the two looked 
at Tenchi.  His cock was getting harder and harder.
"You like this don't you?" Ryoko 2 said.
Tenchi nodded.
"You can say I'm a self lesbian." Ryoko 1 said.
"Isn't that masturbating?" Tenchi asked.
The two laughed as they undressed completely.  They floated to Tenchi 
and landed on the bed.  Tenchi backed up a little and gave the two 
Ryokos some room.  They landed and faced Tenchi and each other.  They 
leaned in to kiss Tenchi.  But he moved at the last second and they 
kissed each other again.  But they didn't seem to mind.  They kissed 
for a few seconds before Tenchi started to feel left out.  Ryoko 2 saw 
that and broke the kiss.
"You want a little action too?" Ryoko 2 said.
Tenchi nodded.  The Ryokos smiled pleased.  They moved to Tenchi's cock 
and started to lick it.  Tenchi gasped them started to moan.  The 
Ryokos still seemed to want to kiss each other but Tenchi's dick was in 
the way.  After a minute of licking, Ryoko 1 decided to finish this.
"Time to fuck you." Ryoko 1 said.
She moved over Tenchi's dick, Ryoko 2 forced her out of the way back 
pushing on her tits.
"What just one second," Ryoko 2 said. "I wanted to fuck him."
Ryoko 1 was pissed.
"No.  I will." Ryoko 1 said.
"No.  I will." Ryoko 2 said.
The two glared at each other.  Tenchi wasn't in a hurry but he had an 
idea.
"Ryoko?" Tenchi said.
"Yes." Both Ryokos said.
Tenchi laughed slightly.
"Since you can split in two," Tenchi said. "I decided to copy that 
power and do it too."
"How?" Ryoko 1 said.
Tenchi glowed and something grabbed Ryoko 2.  Ryoko 2 was shocked at 
that and the fact it was kissing her on the lips.  Ryoko 2 mumbled 
something as the light formed into a person.  Tenchi to be more 
precise.  Ryoko 2 was now shocked and pleased.  They kissed and wrapped 
tongues together.  Ryoko 1 was shocked.  But Ryoko 2 was all too happy 
to care.  Ryoko and Tenchi 2 ended the kiss and looked at Ryoko and 
Tenchi 1.
"Now this is a very weird foursome." Tenchi 2 said.
"I guess so." Tenchi 1 said.
"I'll love it." Ryoko 1 said.
"Same here." Ryoko 2 said.
As they looked into each others eyes, the Ryokos started to	each other 
as the Tenchis went behind them.  The two Tenchis aimed and inserted 
their rods into the Ryokos' pussies.  They humped slowly then fast.  
The Ryokos enjoyed it.  Tenchi 2 was grabbing Ryoko 2's tits and played 
with her nipples.  Tenchi 1 was humping and spanking Ryoko 1.  They 
humped for a few minutes before climaxing.  All four lay on the bed 
happy.

A few minutes later, the two Tenchis awoke on the floor.  They saw they 
were outside and still naked.
"What's going on?" Tenchi 1 said.
"You got me." Tenchi 2 said.
"No.  We got you." A voice said.
The two Tenchis looked and saw the two Ryokos float down.  They also 
were naked.
"Ryoko what is going on?" Tenchi 2 said.
"Isn't it obvious?" Ryoko 2 said.
"We figured it out a long time ago." Ryoko 1 said.
"Figured what out?" Tenchi 1 said.
"Don't play stupid," Ryoko 1 said. "We know that you killed the other 
girls.  Including Ryo-Ohki and Sakuya."
The Tenchis looked at each other.
"So you know." Tenchi 2 said.
"But it doesn't matters." Tenchi 1 said.
"Oh yea?" Ryoko 1 said.
"Well we'll just have to prove that we are a force to fear." Ryoko 2 
said.
The Tenchis were prepared.  The Ryokos knew that and attacked anyway.  
Ryoko 1 and 2 formed laser blades and swooped at the Tenchis.  The 
Tenchis blocked and took little damage.  The Ryokos attacked again.  
The Tenchis dodged this time.  The Tenchis formed energy balls and 
fired at the Ryokos.  The blasts defected off the Ryokos' energy 
shields.  But each blast weakened the shields.  The Ryokos attacked 
again but with something missing.  Tenchi 1 punched Ryoko 1 in the face 
and Tenchi 2 kicked Ryoko 2 in the face.  The Ryokos now know that 
their shields are down.  The Ryokos could still use energy attacks but 
decided to use hand to hand attacks.  They charged at the Tenchis.  The 
Tenchi charged at the Ryokos.  The two met and fought tooth and nail.  
They unleashed with punches, kicks, scratches, bites, and other 
attacks.  The battle was a good five minutes before the Ryokos seemed 
to be on top.  At this point the damage is this: Tenchi 2 was mostly 
scratched up.  Tenchi 1 was full of punch marks and was winded.  The 
Ryokos were in worse shape.  Ryoko 2 was bleeding from every hole in 
her head.  She barely had feeling in her left arm and she lost her 
right arm and leg.  Ryoko 1 was in the worst shape.  She was bleeding 
very badly and the only limb she had was her left arm. Plus her right 
eye was dangling outside her skull.  Everyone was breathing heavy.
"Time to finish this," Tenchi 2 said. "See ya."
Tenchi 2 disappeared into Tenchi 1.  Tenchi powered up and blasted the 
Ryokos.  They were hit hard and were sent flying.  At the end of the 
blast was a huge explosion.  Tenchi laughed with happiness.
"It is done.  I saved my sanity and will," Tenchi sang. "Now I no 
longer have to kill.  But I have something still.  I know something out 
there.  But I climb that hill."

Tenchi: On the next episode, Ryoko wasn't completely killed.  She's 
back and with an upgrade too.  She is on a mission to kill me and all 
of Japan.  Now I'm not going to kill her to save my sanity.  But all of 
Japan.  The next episode is: Ryoko's Revenge Part 2.

This is 9 of 11.  The final kill is next and then the finale.  You'll 
love chapter 10 but be surprised at chapter 11.  Until next time.
