I am a fan of the Tenchi Muyo series.  I do not own any of the 
characters.  I write only for fun.  This is a dark fan fiction.  Please 
stop reading if you don't like gory and/or if you're under 18 years 
old.

Tenchi's Insanity Series

Chapter 1: Reason for Insanity

At the Masaki shrine the girls all wanted to visit Tenchi.  They were 
doing this once daily for a few weeks now.  Each had a present for 
Tenchi.  Ayeka had a pendent with her picture in it.  Sasami had some 
freshly baked cookies.  Washu had an engineered flower for Tenchi.  
Ryoko had three rice balls for Tenchi.  She had more but ate them.  
Mihoshi had a used action figure that she was tired of playing with.  
Kiyone had a special picture.  Kiyone also had a small worry.
"I have a question," Kiyone said. "Do you think we're visiting Tenchi 
too often?"
"I don't think I'm visiting too often," Ryoko said. "Ayeka on the other 
hand is."
Ayeka glared at Ryoko.
"That's what you think you vile space demon," Ayeka said. "I think Lord 
Tenchi likes seeing us.  After all he lives all the way in Tokyo.  And 
seeing me, err; us will give him great joy."
"I think Kiyone has a small point," Washu said. "The last visit as we 
left, I swore I saw Tenchi's eye start to twitch."
"He may have something in his eye." Mihoshi said.
"I think he's just tense," Sasami said. "Bring this gifts will be 
something pleasant."
'And I hope Tenchi will to something pleasurable to me.' Sasami 
thought.
As they moved to the teleporter, Sasami was thinking about how Tenchi 
can make this little girl to an adult woman.  At the teleporter no one 
saw Sasami's sly smile.  They climbed into the hover pad and floated up 
and through the teleporter.

At the other side, Tenchi was watching the time and TV.  The TV. was 
the news but Tenchi didn't really care.  Tenchi was getting sick of the 
girls' visits.  Both physically and mentally.  Time after time they 
visit.  They come and cause him nothing but trouble, harm, and leave a 
mess the size of Japan.  Tenchi watched the clock in despair.
'Soon they'll come,' Tenchi thought. 'Soon and annoy the hell out of 
me.  Why do they do this?  They give me too much love.  They'll come 
and bug the hell out of me until I die.'
In Tenchi's room the girls exited from the teleporter.  They looked 
around and didn't see Tenchi.  They knew he was in the living room.  
They all exited the bedroom to see Tenchi.  They saw Tenchi sitting on 
a chair watching the news.  Ryoko did what she normally does.  She 
snuck up and hugged Tenchi.  Tenchi jumped and he realized it was only 
Ryoko.
"Ryoko don't do that." Tenchi first said.
Ryoko kissed Tenchi on the check and let go.
"Sorry Tenchi," Ryoko said. "It was so long since we were together."
"I thought we visited yesterday." Mihoshi said.
"Thank you Mihoshi." Ryoko said sarcastically.
"You're welcome." Mihoshi answered.
Ryoko almost fell from that answer.  She wanted to ring her neck but 
she wouldn't look good in Tenchi's eyes.  However, Tenchi's eye was 
starting to twitch.
"Oh, before we forget," said Sasami. "We bought you presents."
Tenchi laughed silently.  Normally, they take everything they can get 
their hands on.  This is a rare time that they give something.
"What did you get me?" Tenchi asked.
Before they could answer, the doorbell rang.  Tenchi got up and walked 
to the door.  He knew who it was instantly.
"Coming. Sakuya." Tenchi said.
He opened the door and just as Tenchi predicted, Sakuya was at the 
other side.  She was in her Saturday clothes.
"Hi Tenchi," Sakuya said cheerfully.
She looked behind him and saw the others.
"I didn't know the others planed to come."
"They come daily." Tenchi mumbled.
"Excuse me?" Sakuya said.
"Nothing." Tenchi said.
His eye started to twitch for a second.  Sakuya saw it and forgot it.
"Oh I got something for you," Sakuya said.
She reached into a pocket and took out a locket.  Tenchi was surprised.
"Wow.  It's. wow." Tenchi said.
"What is it?" Ayeka asked.
"It's a friendship locket," Sakuya said. "It's empty now.  But you can 
put a picture of anything in it."
Washu giggled a little.
"Nice gift," Ayeka said. "Great minds think alike,"
Ayeka took out her gift.
"It's a pendent with my picture in it," Ayeka said. "Now you can have 
me where ever you go."
"Thank you," Tenchi said with false love. 'Thanks for nothing.'
"I got something too." Mihoshi said.
She took out her action figure.  Tenchi looked at the beat up toy and 
faked a smile.
"Great.  I used toy." Tenchi said.
"It used to by my favorite." Mihoshi said.
"Figures a pinhead would give something as useless as she is."
'At least I'm the one with the big tits.' Mihoshi thought.
Washu walked up and handed Tenchi was flower.
"I made a special flower." Washu said.
"It looks like a sunflower.  Only white." Tenchi said.
"It's my special flower.  I call it a moonflower." Washu said.
Tenchi sniffed it.
'The midget gave me an ugly flower.' Tenchi thought.
"Thank you." Tenchi said.
Sasami came next.  But Ryoko bumped her out of the way.
"I got you three rice balls." Ryoko said.
She shortly after burped.
"You are a demon and a pig." Ayeka said.
Tenchi smiled at that comment.  But want the girls looked Tenchi 
quickly hid it.
"I think my freshly baked cookies are much better then your stale, old, 
inedible rice balls."
Ryoko glared at Sasami.
"And I thought Ayeka hated Ryoko." Mihoshi said.
"I guess the two princesses have more alike then we think." Kiyone 
said.
Tenchi smiled.
"Thank you for the cookies," Tenchi said. "And there're chocolate chip.  
Delicious."
Sasami smiled very happily.  Kiyone looked a little sad.
"I got you something," Kiyone said. "But I don't think it'll be as good 
or as valuable as the others."
"Can't be any worst." Tenchi joked.
That was a bad thing to say to women.  Kiyone pulled out the picture.  
Tenchi looked at it and smiled.
"It's a picture." Tenchi said.
"Of what?" Sasami asked.
"Is it a picture of you?" Ryoko asked.
"Yes and no." Kiyone said.
"What do you mean?" Mihoshi asked.
"It has all of you.  Even Ryo-Ohki." Tenchi said.
"I remember taking a group picture like that." Sakuya said.
"It was awhile ago." Ayeka said.
"About two or three weeks." Washu said.
"It's great.  I love it." Tenchi said.
"Really?" Kiyone said in triumph.
Tenchi nodded.  He said he liked it to force them to leave.  It didn't 
work.
"Thank you," Kiyone said. "But this isn't about me."
"It isn't?" Tenchi said.
"It isn't?" the other girls repeated.
"No.  It's about all of us," Kiyone said. "We love you.  A lot.  And 
this picture will always remind you of how much you mean to us."
Tenchi took a very small step back.
"Oh?" Tenchi said.
"That picture will be the proof that all of us will be together for 
life." Kiyone said.
"For life.  Perfect." Tenchi said.
Tenchi pictured seeing the girls for the rest of his life.  It scared 
him.  It scared him a lot.
"Hey I have an idea," Tenchi said. "Why don't you all have a girl's day 
out?  I mean when was the last time any of you had a girl's night out?"
The girls looked at each other and smiled.
"That's a great idea." Sasami said.
"But I'll consume the rest of the day." Ryoko protected.
"It'll give you all to get to be better friends," Tenchi said. "Plus 
I'll have a chance to enjoy the gifts you got for me."
The girls looked at each other then all agreed.
"Okay Tenchi." Sakuya said.
They all started to leave.  As the last girl, Sasami left, she looked 
back and blew a kiss.  Tenchi caught the kiss as Sasami left.  Tenchi 
closed the door and locked it.  With the kiss, he threw it to the 
ground and crushed it with his foot into nothing.  Tenchi was always on 
the edge of sanity.  But this was the final blow.  He fell into the pit 
of insanity with no way out.  Tenchi took the rice balls and threw them 
into the garbage.  He took a match, lit it and burned the rice balls.  
He threw the cookies in too.  He took the pendent and locket putting 
them on the floor.  He found a hammer and pounded the two.  He threw 
the two into the fire.  The moonflower was plucked of all its petals 
then everything want into the fire.  Finally Tenchi put his sights on 
the used action figure.  Tenchi saw it looked like Mihoshi.  But with a 
higher I.Q.
"Mihoshi, Mihoshi." Tenchi said before pretending to snap the toy's 
neck.  He then threw it into the fire and pretended it was screaming in 
pain.  Tenchi felt happier by doing that.  He felt calmer.  Then it hit 
him.  The girls had bugged him daily.  Ever since they came to this 
planet Tenchi's life was a bigger hell daily.  There was no peace.  No 
safe port.  But now there was.  The answer was all too clear and 
simple.  Since they took everything from him including him sanity, he 
had to get something back.  They will pay.  In blood.  Tenchi looked at 
the pictures of the girls.  At first he wanted to throw it into the 
fire with the other crap the girls give him.  But it wasn't necessary.  
He found a better purpose for it.  Tenchi walked to his room with a 
made up song in his head.
"Eight little girls, they thought they would stay.  But one by one, 
they'll all go away.  Now I see what I must say.  One of these girls 
will never see the next day."

Tenchi: On the episode, I start my plan for sanity.  I start with the 
easily girl of all.  She will be the first girl to go.  The first girl 
is.  Find out in the next episode: Tenchi's Psychotic Cure.

This is the first chapter.  The count is 1 of 11.  Tenchi has lost it.  
The next fictions will be lemons and dark fictions.  I'll tell who's 
the first victim is but the surprise is something you'll hopefully 
like.
