Tenchi watched Ayeka's chest move up and down as she slept.  As usual, Ayeka
was sleeping naked, and her fair skin glistened in the moonlight that
streamed through the window.  Tenchi walked to the side of her bed, but
Ayeka
did not wake.  That sleeping pill he had slipped in her tea had really
knocked her out.  Tenchi carefully pulled back the covers to reveal her
naked
body.  He bound her wrists and ankles to the bedposts and waited patiently
for the pill's effects to wear off.  When Ayeka came to and saw Tenchi, she
was extremely startled and immediately went to pull her covers over herself,
but found she couldn't move.  "Wha what's going on here Tenchi?" Ayeka
gasped.  "I know you wanted to save your virginity until you got married,
but
I'm feeling extra horny tonight," said Tenchi.  "Untie me this instant!"
said
Ayeka.  "Sorry, no can do," said Tenchi as he fastened a blindfold over her
eyes and put a piece of masking tape over her mouth.  "Wouldn't want to
disturb the other's, right Ayeka?"  Ayeka let out a muffled scream as her
mind raced not knowing what was going to happen next.  She heard Tenchi
removing his clothes.  "Calm down Ayeka, this won't hurt a bit," said Tenchi
as he began to trace small circles around Ayeka's tits with his fingers.
They immediately perked up.  Once they were totally erect Tenchi let his
tongue take over for his fingers.  He began to suck on her tits and when he
bit one gently he felt Ayeka gasp.  "So, you like that?" said Tenchi.  He
began to nibble on each of her tits alternately while massaging the other
breast with his hand until he could feel her breathing becoming more rapid.
"Wow Ayeka," said Tenchi "You better calm down because the fun is just
starting."  He let his tongue trace a path down her body until it reached
her
mound.  Tenchi began to lick the length of Ayeka's cunt, spreading her
wetness.  Then he let his tongue penetrate her lips and find her clit.  As
he
moved his tongue in a circular motion over her hot button, he inserted two
fingers into her pussy and began to move them in and out.  As he increased
the pressure of his tongue on her clit he began to pump his fingers in and
out of her pussy faster and faster.  Ayeka continued to breathe harder and
faster until she arched her back and let out another muffled scream as she
came all over Tenchi's face.  "Yummy," said Tenchi as he licked up her
juices.  "Now that your warmed up, it's my turn," he said looking at his
hard
on.  Ayeka didn't hear anything for a while, and began to get increasingly
nervous.  She knew she shouldn't be enjoying this, but yet she was and felt
incredibly humiliated and ashamed.  Then, before she could even finish her
thought, she felt Tenchi's rock hard cock enter her pussy with the force of
a
freight train.  He slammed his cock into her pussy over and over again until
she felt like she was going to explode and began bucking her hips to meet
his
thrusts.  When Tenchi was about to cum he pinched Ayeka's tits and as his
hot
cum filled her pussy, she orgasmed over and over again.  "I love a tight
pussy," said Tenchi when he finally pulled out.  Ayeka's tits were red and
their combined juices were dripping out of her cunt when Tenchi removed the
masking tape from Ayeka's mouth to reveal a giant grin.

If you have any compliments or criticisms, or this story just helped you get
off, feel free to e-mail me at Ryokothegoddess1@aol.com