        “Class,” Mr. Hujimoro said as he stood up from his desk, “I have to
run
this
document to the administration building. I’ll be gone for a few minutes,
but I trust you will
all be able to continue reading the chapter without any probloms?” he
raised a questioning
eyebrow at the class, and when he was satisfied that no one was going to
oppose him, he
walked out of the room.
        Tenchi watched him go, and went back to reading the chapter in his
history book.
Another voice from the front of the room grabbed his attention again,
however, and his
head snapped back up.
        A student stood in front of the class, one by the name of Ketso, or
Ket
for short.
He adressed all of his class mates in a cheerful tone,
        “Attention everyone! As most of you know, my birthday is in just a
week.
To
celebrate this wonderful event, I’ll be having a party, while my parents
are out of town for
the weekend. You are all invited. Bring everything and anything you can!”
he smiled as the
class cheered and then took his seat again.
        Tenchi went back to reading his book, not bothered by, or caring
that
Ket was
having a party.

        “So what are you gonna’ bring to Ket’s party?” one of Tenchi’s
friends
asked
another of his friends as they sat around eating lunch in the back of the
room.
        “My brother will probobly let me bust open his stock of imported
booze...” the
student who was questioned ansawered.
        “I know this guy who deals some really good shit... I think I might
put
in a mass
order...” another student grinned ear to ear at the thought of the party,
and what he was
planing on bringing.
        “What about you Tenchi?”
        “Hmm?” Tenchi looked up from the meal he was eating. Sasami even
packed
him
great food for lunch, and he was totally absorbed in his meal.
        “What are you bringing to Ket’s party?”
        “Oh, I don’t think you guys would want me there... I’m kinda’
boring...”
        “No way! You always whimp out on us! You’re comming this time!”
        “Yeah Tenchi!”
        “Comon, man! What are gonna’ bring?”
        Tenchi thought for a moment. It wouldn’t hurt to go to the party...
as
long as he
stayed out of trouble. That left the problom of what he should bring. He
tried to think of
something he had a lot of so that no one would really notice when some of
it went
missing. Carrots? No, Ryo-Ohki would notice those.... and the girls would
notice anything
else. He sure had a lot of girls. He laughed and said softly to himself,
“I could bring a
bunch of women...”
        “WHAT?!?” his friends all shouted in unison and grabbed him.
        “Tenchi, please tell me you just said what I think you just said!” a
friend by the
name of Yokimi said.
        “I... uh...” Tenchi stammered then shut his mouth. Well? Why not? He
wouldn’t
have to worry about the girls finding out about his sneaking off to a
party if he took them
with him. “Yeah, I know some girls who might be interested... I’ll ask
them today.” he sat
back and smiled while his freinds all commented on what a pimp he was and
how they
never espected him to be such a player.
        “Are they hot?”
        “Yeah...” Tenchi grinned, “And they’re all hot for me too!”
        “Damn!” Yokimi said, “You are one smooth son of a bitch!”
        “Yeah, I know.” Tenchi grinned.


        “You want to take us to a party?” Ryoko asked with a gleam in her
eye.
        “Yeah, all of you. Except Sasami...” Tenchi caught himself quickly,
“Sorry Sasami,
but it’s a high school part, and there wont be any kids your age
there...”
        “That’s okay Tenchi, I can stay here!” Sasami always understood
perfectly. Tenchi
smiled at her.
        “When is this party, Tenchi?” Kiyone asked him.
        “It’s in a few days, Friday.”
        “When? I don’t want it to interupt our schedualed patrol time.”
        “It starts at 8:00 pm.”
        “That’s good. We’ll be back by then.”
        “But Kiyone,” Mihoshi said, “Don’t we have to work on Friday night?”
        “Yes we do,” Kiyone scowled at her, “But you’ll have gotten us fired
by
then, so
we should be able to go.”
        “Oh!” Mihoshi brightened up, “Okay!”
        “Lord Tenchi,” Ayeka asked, “What kind of a party is this? I want to
know what I
should wear...”
        “It’s a casual party, so a simple dress or some jeans and a shirt of
some kind
should be fine. You’re kimono probobly wont go over too well...”
        “I don’t know if I have any casual earth clothing....” Ayeka said,
slightly dismayed.
        “I’d be suprised if you have any casual clothing at all!” Ryoko
laughed.
        “What was that?” Ayeka looked at her rival with a burning hatred in
her
eyes.
        “Nothing Princess! Just commenting on how you’re so stuck up and
royal
all the
time that I wouldn’t be suprised if you didn’t have any thing to wear,
and had to stay
home on Friday, just because of that!”
        “And let you go to that party with Tenchi alone? I’d die first!”
        “If you want it that way...” Ryoko floated up into the air, and
Ayeka’s
power logs
started to form around them.
        “Oh no!” Tenchi yelled and started to run.
        “Take cover!” Kiyone yelled as she dove behind the couch.
        “What’s going on in here?” Washu asked as she walked in.
        Her eyes grew wide when she looked up and saw Ayeka and Ryoko about
to
blast
one another right above her.
        “Shit.” she mumbled.

        After persuading a slightly singed and chared Washu to change Ryoko
and
and
Ayeka back from the small sprite like things she had turned them into,
Tenchi asked
Washu to attend the party with them as well, and she agreed happily. So
Tenchi had five
woman he could take, and make his friends happy. Maybe one of them would
accually
meet someone they liked at the party, and then whoever that poor sod was
would have to
deal with the girl instead of him. This was looking to be a good party
indeed...
        The few days to the party passed quickly. Kiyone and Mihoshi were
fired,
as was
predicted by the more unlucky of the two woman, so they were free on
Friday. Ayeka and
Ryoko spent the time compeating to find the best outfit for the party,
and Washu
developed a partical distortion ray that focused on the genes of any
organic matter that it
hit and changed the genes for the eye color to green and the hair color
to red, just like
hers.
        No one had any idea what Washu’s invention had to do with preparing
for
the
party, and when asked about it, she replied that she was bored and just
wanted to throw it
together for fun.
        Tenchi adressed the five woman as they got off the bus in town, a
block
from
Ket’s house, “Now listen! There’s gonna’ be booze, so drink in
moderation. There’ll
probobly be some other stuff too... don’t touch any of that.” he frowned.
They weren’t
listening too well. He just hoped they were all smart enough to avoid any
potentially
dangerous situations.
        Then he remembered who he was with, and discarded those thoughts.


        Tenchi knocked on the door of Ket’s house, not sure if anyone would
hear
him
over the extreamly loud music blaring from within. Apparently someone had
good hearing,
because a girl he’d never met before opened the door and yelled at them
to come in.
        The five woman and one very nervous teenager walked into the house
and
looked
around. What they saw inspiered many different reactions from them.
        People were dancing, sitting, walking, talking, and doing other
things
normally not
done in private. Ayeka stared slack jawed at a couple shamelessly making
out and taking
off one another’s clothing sitting on the sofa. Another teen with a video
camra was
recording the action.
        Mihoshi looked over at a group of people in the corner who seemed to
be
playing
video games and smoking something. She wandered over to see what game
they were
playing. Kiyone didn’t see her partner wander off because she was
absorbed in watching
several boys who seemed to be playing a game of
who-could-do-the-stupidist-thing. One
guy stood still and firmed his stomach while another ran up and whacked
him with a long
wooden stick. He fell to the floor, crying out in pain but laughing all
the same.
        Ryoko didn’t seem to notice that people were getting naked all over,
and
so she
didn’t try to pass a comment on to Tenchi about it at all. She just
floated over to the table
where four full kegs had been tapped. She grinned ear to ear.
        Washu rubbed her hands together and reached into her pocket.
Removing a
small
mettle book, she started off in the direction of a group of young men who
were passing
around a joint. She was going to make a killing tonight, with her special
brand of safe (in a
manner of speaking) drugs that weren’t addictive, and had no side
effects.
        Tenchi looked around and immedietly regreted bringing the girls to
this
party. He
regreted comming himself. He was about to tell everyone that they were
leaving before
anything bad happened when Yokimi and Ket grabbed him and yanked him
aside.
        “Way to go Tenchi!” Ket yelled in his ear, slapping him on the back.
His
breath
stank of beer.
        “No shit dude!” Yokimi yelled as well, “You brought some fine chicks
tonight!”
his breath didn’t seem to hold any bad oders, but his eyes looked funny
to Tenchi...
        “Uh, well, I was just going to go make sure they were all still
okay...
don’t want
anything to happen to them now...” Tenchi laughed nervously.
        “Are you scoring with all of ‘em?” Ket asked.
        Tenchi reeled back, “No! No, not any of them!”
        “Great! More for us then!” Yokimi nudged Ket and they laughed.
        “No! Don’t try anything! Trust me, I live with there girls! They’re
all
nuts!” Tenchi
was almost pleading with his frineds. They didn’t get past the first part
of his sentence.
        “You live with them, and you aren’t banging any of ‘em? What the
hell is
wrong
with you?” Yokimi slapped Tenchi upside the head, and started dragging
him across the
room.
        “Where are we going?” Tenchi shouted.
        “Over to the room where they give out the good stuff!” Yokimi
shouted
back.
        “I don’t want any good stuff!” Tenchi yelled.


        If Ryoko had been able to hear Tenchi yelling, she probobly would
have
dismembered Yokimi right there in the middle of the room, but she was
quite occupied.
        Four young men already lay on the floor at her feet, and she wasn’t
even
feeling
tipsy yet. The fith was just about to go. Earthlings were too easy to
beat out in a drinking
contest. She smiled and slammed back another shot.

        Ayeka was feeling very confused. She didn’t know what was going on,
but
when
she ripped her eyes off the porn movie in progress, she turned and found
that she stood in
the doorway with Kiyone... and no one else.
        “Kiyone!” she squealed.
        The GP detective turned to her with a start, “What is it?” she
asked.
        “Where did Tenchi go?” Ayeka looked about franticly.
        “Shit, where’s Mihoshi?”
        “I see Ryoko, she’s easy enough to find by the booze,” Ayeka scanned
the
room,
“and there’s Washu... selling drugs...”
        “What?” Kiyone instincfully reached for her blaster, but thought
better
of it. No
need to start a fight now... she’d talk witht he divinutive scientist
latter.
        “Mihoshi is playing video games.” Ayeka said, spotting the blond,
“That
leaves just
Tenchi...”
        “Alright, I’ll look upstairs, you look around down here....” Kiyone
pointed to a
stair case where several drunk girls were staggering up to bed rooms with
several more
drunk young men. Ayeka briefly wondered why the guys out numbered the
girls, but
decided not to dwell on the thought for too long.
        “Right.” she nodded and started for the stairs. Kiyone watched her
go.
Now to
check on the others....


        “Ryoko!” Kiyone yelled in the space pirates ear, “How are you
doing?”
        Ryoko tured and looked at her as she slammed home yet another glass
of
beer,
“I’m fine.” she said simply as the young man in front of her fell to the
floor. She looked
down at him, then back up at Kiyone, “Six!” she said happily.
        “You are truely a testiment to the power of excess.” Kiyone shook
her
head.
        “Hey, we all have to be good at something...” Ryoko said as she
motioned
her next
challenger over.
        Kiyone walked to Washu.
        “How are things?” Washu called over he shoulder as she collected a
wad
of Yen
from a student buying a small red pill.
        “Fine except for the fact you’re a drug dealer now!” Kiyone screamed
in
her ear.
        “Hey!” Washu stumbled away from the angry GPO and shouted back,
“I’ll
have
you know that my special pills are compleatly safe, and have no lasting
addiction or long
term side effects!”
        “So what do they do?” Kiyone folder her arms across her chest.
        “They make you see things mostly, and they’re desinged to adapt to
the
resipentients body chemistry, eliminating the chance for a bad trip!”
        “You’re a pyscopath Washu.” Kiyone said.
        A firm bonk on her head from Washu’s little mettle book made her
stumble
back,
“What the hell?” she yelled, reaching for her blaster.
        “That’s Little Washu!” Washu screamed at her. Kiyone backed away
from
her
sudden rage and wandered over to Mihoshi. She saw that her partner was
playing some
sort of skateboarding game.
        “What’cha playin’?” she asked the blond.
        “Nothin’ really...” Mihoshi replied in a drab voice. Kiyone looked
at
her, and saw
that her face was relaxed and she had no smile, and she wasn’t bawling.
What was wrong
with her?
        “Are you feeling alright?” Kiyone put a hand to her forehead. She
felt a
little
warm, but looked alright....
        Mishoshi giggled as the rest of the guys around her laughed, “I’m
fine,
Kiyone, I’m
just stoned out of my fuckin’ mind!” Mihoshi busted up with the rest of
the guys and they
all fell about the floor. Kiyone stumbled back from her partner. She had
to find Tenchi and
get them all the hell out of here....

        Ayeka made it up the steps and some how manadged to avoid being
pulled
into the
room where the orgy was now taking place. She straightened her shirt with
disgust as she
walked down to the other end of the hall, where there were two open
doors. One of those
boys had touched her... she suddered at the thought of where the boy had
touched her and
adjusted her shirt again.
        She stopped and stood where she could look into both rooms. Looking
left, she
saw four young men and two girls with nedals scattered about them, all
talking in jibberish
and swating at things while they wandered around the room aimlessly. She
gulped and
looked right.
        Her eyes went wide as she saw four young woman crawling all over one
another,
naked, and enjoying themselfs. She turned quicly and started to run.
Tenchi was most
definetly not up here....
        As soon as she turned, she ran right into a young man who had been
comming up
behind her. He caught her as she started to fall, and helped her to
stand.
        “Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. I saw you looking around and
wondered if
maybe you were lost?” he asked her. She looked up and saw a very handsom
young man,
with brown eyes, and short black hair. He wore loose fitting black
clothing, and held in his
hand a glass of what looked to be acuall wine.
        “No, I was just looking for someone...” she replied.
        “Oh, well, I guess you didn’t find them?” he said with a smile.
        “No, I did not...”
        “May I ask what your name is?” he smiled warmly. It seemed so
inviting.
        “Ayeka Juri...” she said, “and yours?”
        “My name is Adam.” he said with a smile.
        “That name sounds quite odd... where is it from?”
        “My grandfather. He was an American that met and had a child with my
Grandmother durring the war. When it was over, he stayed, and here I am
today.” Adam
smiled again, “I guess some would say I come from a slightly strange back
ground, but I
think comming form a bond of true love is one of the best things in the
world...”
        “You’re quite poetic...” she said with a sparkle in her eye, “Tell
me
more about
yourself..” they walked back down the steps, talking about where they
were from, and
what they were like.

        Tenchi sat in a chair and looked about him. Four other young men
stood
around
with various drugs in hand.
        “Pick your fun, Tenchi!” Yukimi said happily.
        “Um....” Tenchi didn’t see a problom with maybe, for once in his
life,
cutting lose
and having a little fun. He inspected the drugs on hand. The nedal was
diffenitly out, he
didn’t want fun to hurt. The joint seemed to be the weakest of the drugs,
but he didn’t
know how to smoke and didn’t want to embaress himself in front of his
friends, so he
passed that one as well. The next choice was a hit of acid. Tenchi almost
shuddered at
what he’d heard that drug could do to you, so he looked at the last one.
        It was a small red pill, with a crab symbol on it.
        He blinked. So that was what Washu was selling... well, if Washu had
made it,
then it couldn’t be that bad... she would never intentionally hurt
anyone, right?
        Tenchi gulped back his fear and grabbed the pill. He looked at it,
and
before he
could change his mind, popped it into his mouth and swallowed it.
        “Hell yes Tench!” Yukimi said, “That’s the newest shit around! You
hardcore son
of a bitch!” he punched his friends shoulder.
        Tenchi stood up. He didn’t feel any different... maybe it would kick
in
soon.
        “What’s it like?” one of the guys asked.
        “I don’t feel a thing...” Tenchi said.
        “Man, that shit hit everyone else hard less then a second after they
took it!” the
guy replied.
        That sounded like Washu to Tenchi, but he still didn’t feel any
different.
        “Maybe Tenchi’s just so fuckin’ hardcore that it doesn’t even faze
him!
Give him
another one...” Tenchi took the next pill and tried to feel something.
        But nothing came.
        “Well, shit...” he murrmered, “Give me another one...”

        Kiyone pushed through the crowd in the kitchen. Where was Tenchi?
She
had to
find him before those guys caught up to her...
        “Hey babe!” a voice from behind her said.
        “Fuck!” she yelled and spun around. It was one of them.
        He dangled a condom at her, “Come on! I bet you can take all three
of
us!” he said
with a grin.
        “You’re damn right I can!” Kiyone shouted back, and slugged him in
the
nose. He
fell on his back and didn’t move. His two buddy’s behind him looked up at
her dumbly.
        She hit one in the temple with her fist, and then punched the other
one
in the gut.
The first young man fell to the ground in a heap, and the second doubled
over. She
slammed a knee into his face, and he flipped to his back as well.
        “Hey! Whoa!” Ket yelled as he walked up, “No fighting! If there’s a
problom, just
come get me, alright?”
        “Oh, fuck you!” Kiyone screamed, “You’re probobly just as horny and
drunk as
they were!” she needed a drink. Reaching over to the counter, she grabbed
a glass of
booze that a guy had been mixing something into, and slammed it back. She
glared at
everyone in the room, then stormed off to find Tenchi.
        “What was that chick’s problom?” Ket asked.
        “I don’t know,” the guy who’d been mixing the drink said with a huge
grin, “but
she’s gonna’ be real fucked up in a minute...”

        Tenchi had taken four pills and still nothing. What was wrong here?
        The door to the room burst open and Kiyone stumbled in. She looked
up at
Tenchi
and slurred out, “Oh! There you are! I’ve been looking all the fuck over
for you!”
        Suddenlly, Tenchi felt something... like a burning in his pants...
        He looked hungerly at Kiyone’s body.
        “I’ve been looking for you too...” he said, “Gentalmen, if you would
please excuse
the lady and myself, we have some things to... talk about...” he winked
at Yukimi, who
grinned and wagged a finger at Tenchi. As he walked out of the room, he
slapped a
condom into Tenchi’s hand, who slapped his frined’s shoulder in responce.

        “Come on over here, Kiyone, so that we can ‘talk’ properly...” he
said,
and curled
a finger at her.
        She got a sultry grin on her face and started to sunter over to
him...

        “So you manadged to get away from the cops and not get caught?”
Ayeka
asked
with a burst of laughter. Adam just shrugged his shoulders, and grinned.
He looked at her
with a burning desire in his eyes that she didn’t notice. Hadn’t that
shit he put in her drink
taken effect yet?
        “Adam!” a voice from behind them called out.
        He turned to see who it was, and got a wooden stick across his head.
He
tumbled
to the floor and hit it hard, out cold as soon as he did.
        Ayeka looked to see the boys who’d been playing the stupid game
earlier
all
laughing and exchanging money. She shrugged. Oh well, he was getting
boring any way.
        Now where were thouse girls in that room upstairs? They seemed to be
having a
good time...

        Washu sat in the corner and counted her cash. Not that she needed it
at
all, but
Nobuyuki would be happy to have the extra to help fix the house....
        She suddenly looked up and wondered where the others were. She got
up
and
walked over to the TV, where she saw Mihoshi. She looked at the blond and
discovered
that she was stoned silly. Drool dripped from her chin as she excecuted a
perfect flip in the
skateboarding game she was playing. Washu pulled a hypospray out of her
pocket and
injected the blond GPO with a seditive. She fell over and started
snoring. One down...
        Next she found Ryoko. The space pirate was drinking yet another
beer,
and a small
pile of bodies layed at her feet. Washu poored a glass from the keg and
added a special
powder to it, which she had pulled from her almost bottomless pocket.
        “Here you go!” she said to Ryoko, giving her the glass.
        “Oh,” Ryoko’s eyes were blood shot and she wavered in her seat,
“Thank’s
Little
Washu...” she drank the whole glass in gulps, and looked down at the red
haired genius,
“Hey! Wha’d ya’ put in this stufffffff.....” Ryoko slumped off the seat
and fell on the floor
at Washu’s feet.
        “Only enough seditive to knock out a Ramcarian Rhino!” Washu
cackled.
Ryoko
was one tough cookie, that was for sure.
        Now the others.

        Washu opened the door  to the upstairs bed room and looked it. The
other
two
hadn’t produced very positive results and this one wasn’t looking to
either.
        That’s when she saw Ayeka.
        Naked.
        And just about to engage in the most embaresing thing she’d ever
done in
her life.
        Washu rushed into the room and tackled her from where she was just
about
to
kneel on the ground. She opened the princesses eyes wide and looked at
her pupils. She
checked her pulse, and shook her head.
        “Date rape drug.” she said in disgust. It was a good thing she had
gotten to Ayeka
in time.
        “Did you come to join us?” Ayeka said as she grabbed Washu’s left
breast
and
started to massage it.
        Washu jumped off of the naked princess and pulled her hypospray out,
“You’ll
thank me for this when you wake up...” she said, and hit the Ayeka right
in the throat with
it. The Jurian fell back and landed with a thud.
        “Now to get you dressed and somewhere safe before you get rapped by
these
things...” Washu said, throwing a disgusted look over one shoulder.

        The short red head dumped Ayeka outside the house next to Ryoko and
a
snoring
Mihoshi. Hopefully they would all be fine here.... she had to go look for
Tenchi and
Kiyone now.... of all of them, she knew those two would stay out of
trouble.
        As she climbed the steps back into the house, she didn’t notice
Ryoko
opening one
blood shot eye, and grinning. She’d get that little brat for putting that
shit in HER drink...

        Washu had barely made it through the kitchen without stepping on the
three guys
who were laying on the floor. Someone had beat the piss out of them, and
she was betting
it was Kiyone. She just hoped that hadn’t led to something more violent,
and that the GP
detective hadn’t been able to handle.
        She saw Tenchi’s friend from earlier standing and talking to a girl,
and
walked
over to him. She tugged on his sleave and he looked down at her.
        “What’s up, babe?” he asked her. Reconizing her from when he had
greeted
Tenchi at the door.
        “Have you seen Tenchi or the dark haired girl we came in with?” she
asked in a
sweet voice.
        “Yeah, they’re both in there...” he said, pointing to a door down
the
hall with a
grin.
        “Thanks!” Washu said.
        “I don’t know if they want you to disturb them though!” he called
after
her.
        “Uh...” Washu turned and looked at him with a frightened look on her
face,
“Why’s that?”
        “They’re kinda’ busy...” he grinned even wider, “I guess those
little
red pills that
Tenchi took were just the thing he needed to loosen up a little...”
        “What?!?” Washu ran back over to him and dug in her pocket. She
yanked
one of
her pills out, “Like this pill?” she asked.
        “Yeah!”
        “How many did he take?” she aksed turning pale.
        “Um... four I think...” he replied, “Why? Is that bad?”
        “It is for Tenchi...” she said and ran back to the door.
        Those pills had been desinged for humans to take, not Jurians! If
her
calculations
were correct (and they always were) then instead of turning him into a
VERY high student
on a good trip, they would turn him into a major sex fiend who would want
the first
woman he came into contact with... and it looked like that was Kiyone...
        “And he took four of them!” she shouted as she kicked the door open.
She
screamed in frustration at what she saw.
        Kiyone was naked, and Tenchi was quickly getting there. She held his
face, buried
in her breasts, and moaned softly. They both looked over and started when
they saw
Washu.
        The red haired genius did note that Kiyone’s eyes were dialated, and
that her hands
shook quite a bit. So someone had slipped her something too... that made
her feel a little
better, but it didn’t fix the situation. She didn’t know if Tenchi would
get violent if she
tired to break them up.
        It may have been a stroke of luck then (or unluck, it was really
hard to
say) that
Ryoko chose that moment to spring on the divinutive scientist. She never
made it to her
mark however, becuase she stopped and floated in mid-air, staring with
her mouth open at
Tenchi and Kiyone.
        “Oh, hi Ryoko!” Tenchi said casually.
        Washu felt all the blood drain from her face and she looked straight
up
at the very
VERY angry space pirate above her.
        Ryoko held both of her hands out and energy started to gather there,
“You get the
hell away from MY Tenchi!” she screamed.
        “Ryoko! You can be next!" Tenchi said.
        “I’ll arest you if you blast us!” Kiyone yelled.
        “Oh, fuck me!” Washu said and sat down on the ground as she called
up a
force
sheild.
        Ryoko screamed in pure furry.

        “Oh, Bujuku...” a teen girl sighed as she settled back into her
boyfriend’s arms,
“I’m so glad we decided not to go to Ket’s party tonight.
        They stared out over the lights of the city from a hill out side of
town, and felt
content an in love.
        “Yeah,” he replied, “I bet anything the cops show up and bust the
whole
thing up,
and everyone gets arrested...”
        “Yeah!” the girl laughed.
        Just then, at about the spot where Ket’s house was, they saw a huge
red
dome of
energy expand quickly, and then a huge explostion rocked the night. Fire
and smoke
billowed into the sky as both teens stared slack jawed at the city below
them.


        Washu checked Ayeka’s pulse one last time, and then dismissed her
with a
wave of
her hand, “You can go now. There was no lasting side effects of the date
rape drug.” she
said.
        “Thank goodness.” Ayeka said as she pulled her Kimono back on, “Oh,
and
Washu?”
        “Yes, Princess?” Washu said as she preapred for her next guest.
        “You do relise that if you ever tell anyone what I was about to do
before you
saved me, I will kill you.”
        “My lips are sealed...” Washu grinned.
        “Very good.” Ayeka frowned at her.
        “Send in Tenchi when you go.” Washu ordered.
        Ayeka left and Tenchi came in a few seconds latter. He was covered
in
small burns
and bruises, but he seemd to be fine other then that.
        “Hello Little Washu...” he said.
        “Hello, Tenchi.” she replied with a smile, “Up on the table!”
        He jumped up on the examining table in the med bay of Washu’s lab
and
let her go
through a short examination. She nodded.
        “No lasting side effects, as I predicted. Though you know...” she
said
with a sly
grin, lifting a hypospray, “I would like to see what that drug will do in
it’s more
concentrated form....” she started to advance on him.
        “Washu!” he yelled, “Little Washu! Stay away from me with that
thing!”
        Ryoko slammed through the door. She glared at Washu.
        “I haven’t called for you yet!” the diminutive scientist said.
        “You stay away from MY Tenchi!” Ryoko yelled, and powered up another
blast.


        Kiyone and Mihoshi sat in the waiting room and watched as the
explostion
erupted
out of the examination room. They both sighed.
        “I guess Ryoko’s still okay...” Mihoshi said.
        “Yeah...” Kiyone replied and looked down at her hands. They weren’t
shaking any
more. Good.
        “Do you think Tenchi will ever take us to another party?” Mihoshi
asked.
        “Mihoshi,” Kiyone replied with a slight laugh, “I really hope
not...”
        “Why not?” Mihoshi asked.
        Kiyone slapped her forehead as Tenchi ran past with his clothing in
tatters,
screaming the whole way. Washu followed with a hypospray in one hand,
yelling
something about reserch perpouses only, then Ryoko flew past cursing up a
storm at
Washu.
        “You are so dence...” Kiyone said to her parner. Mihoshi stared at
her
blankly.

And that’s it. Hope you found it at least sorta’ funny in a twisted sort
of way. Feel free to
tell me how out of character everyone was, and how much this sucked. Not
one of my
better works....

-Jacob McDonald, author