Hello

This is a lemon; if you don't know what a lemon is, then how did you get here?

Never mind, as always this story contains sexual situations involving characters 
I do not own.

Ok. The legal mumbo jumbo: All characters are property of AIC and Pioneer.

Be careful what you wish for, you may just get it!

The Wish: By Truly Mad


"WHAT!!!!"
!!! KABOOM!!!

It was your typical morning in the Masaki household, Ayeka was getting shot at 
by Ryoko, Mihoshi was sleeping through it, Sasami was cooking with RyoOhki not 
to far behind, Washu was in her lab and Kiyone had just given up and went to 
commit suicide, as for Nobuyuki, he was with Grandpa at the shrine.

Tenchi woke with the usual feeling that Ryoko would be there as soon as he 
opened his eyes, but, NO!

Ryoko was nowhere to be seen in his room, Tenchi thought it strange and walk to 
the bathroom, still no sign of Ryoko.

Ryoko had manage to keep the fight with Ayeka going all the way to the Flying 
Onsen, at this point they gave up and just bathed together, they nude forms just 
visible through the water.

At this point Ayeka started to daydream, and realised she was dreaming of having 
hot lesbian sex with Ryoko, Right there Right now!

As Ayeka was never very good at acting on impulse she just forgot about it.

=^^=

Evening started to form early over the Misaki house and everyone was gathered 
round the table for the meal Sasami had cooked, all but Washu...

" Tenchi would you be a dear and get Washu?" asked Sasami
" Ok," Tenchi said reluctantly, as he new what might happen as soon as he 
stepped into the lab.

Washu was hard at work on a new invention, it was for lack of better 
description, a Wish Machine, but it could only grant one wish, and Washu new 
what that was going to be!!!!

" Little Washu, meals ready!" tenchi said with a nervous glint in his eye, that 
soon disappeared as he noticed Washu's ample ass sticking out the back of this 
machine. Being a Son of Nobuyuki, his cock was already at attention and ready 
for action.

Lust soon took over and he lined up behind Washu, ready to attack. Just as he 
was about to jump her, she turned round, " Now now Tenchi, we can't have you 
doing that!" Washu said as she started to blush at the thought of his cock in 
her.

Tenchi ran, but didn't get far before he was caught by one of Washu's drones, he 
was dragged back kicking and screaming, unlike Tenchi and Ayeka, Washu likes to 
act on impulse.

Being held tightly in the drones many arms, Washu proceeded to remove Tenchi's 
shorts and stick his cock in her mouth
" WASHU!" Tenchi shouted but he soon realised how great it felt as his rock hard 
member slid in and out of Washu's waiting mouth.

She went faster and faster until tenchi couldn't hold it no more and he let his 
cum fly down Washu's mouth, she sucked his cock dry and after proceeded to 
undress...

" Are you sure we should be doing this? Sasami has food ready," Tenchi said 
panting at the mind-blowing blowjob he just had.
" Of course!" Washu shouted with glee and a mad glint to her smile.

She released the restraints holding Tenchi and he flew at her with his rock hard 
cock ready again.
He entered washu's waiting cunt with such force he nearly sent her flying.

"OH GOD HE'S GOOD!" Washu thought to herself as Tenchi started banging his cock 
hard into her, her love juices flowing from her cunt, her body shaking at the 
orgasm that was welling up inside her.
Tenchi decided he didn't like the missionary position and so proceeded to turn 
Washu round and take her from behind, once more, he banged into her mercilessly 
and continued where he left of. Feeling that he couldn't hold out much longer, 
he started to go faster and harder, giving Washu the pleasuring of her life, her 
orgasm flowed over her, making her body convulse in a way she hadn't felt for 
centuries, and at this Tenchi shot his load deep inside of her, claiming his 
prize.

" Woah that was good, was that your first time my little guinea pig?" washu 
asked out of breath, as her sweating naked form lay there next to Tenchi.
" Yes, that was fantastic, thank you little washu," Tenchi said.
" I'm not through yet!" Washu said with a mad smile as she got dressed and moved 
towards the wish machine, she pushed some buttons and the machine sprang to 
life.

" I WISH THAT FOR THE NEXT HOUR, TENCHI COULD NOT TELL A LIE, BUT ONLY THE 
TRUTH!" Washu bellowed out at the machine. Lights and sounds unfamiliar to 
Tenchi surrounded him, and almost as soon as it started, it was over.

" What just happened?" tenchi asked nervously
" For the next hour you cannot tell a lie!" washu said informatively, and 
grabbed Tenchi by the hand and dragged him out of the lab, towards the living 
room where the others had finished eating and were watching TV.

There viewing pleasure of the TV was interrupted by the viewing of Tenchi's 
naked form being pushed into the living room.
" Oh my!" thought Ayeka, as she felt her self getting wet from seeing her love's 
naked form.
" Woah!" Ryoko Shouted as she to felt herself getting wet.

" Ok, for the next hour, Tenchi cannot tell a LIE! So ask him whatever you 
want!" Washu said, she the left with a smirk on her face, back to her lab.

" Hi girls," tenchi said, disgusted that washu has put him this position after 
he gave her the best sex she had had in a few years....

" Ok tenchi, who do you love, me or Ayeka?" Ryoko asked plainly, waiting for the 
answer she wanted to hear.

" I love your Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted, and banging his head in, as he couldn't 
believe what he just said.
" REALLY! OH MY GOD!" Ryoko shouted as she disappeared, only to reappear round 
tenchi's neck kissing him on the lips, tongues entangled.
" But what about me?" Ayeka sad with tears streaming down her face.
" Ayeka, your more like an annoying sister, so why don't you go back to where 
ever it its you came from and LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!!!!!" 
Tenchi couldn't believe he just said that and started banging his head against 
the wall as Ayeka walked into the kitchen, picked up a knife and went into the 
garden, sat next to a tree where the limp corpse a kiyone, who had hung herself 
earlier, hung and stabbed herself in the chest several times before falling over 
and dying in her own blood.

" And me?" Mihoshi chirped
" Mihoshi, I like you and if you stick around maybe me and Ryoko with let you 
have a 3some with us," tenchi said quite cheerily now that Ayeka had gone.

"YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" Mihoshi shouted and ran around like 
an idiot until she fell over conveniently placed vase.

" And me?" sasami said
" Oh sasami, I would like to give you a good banging but the writer won't let 
me," said tenchi

Note: LEAVE ME OUT OF IT!!!! Writer

" Ok, maybe later," Sasami said as she headed to the kitchen to get some food.

" Im so happy, make love to me right here!" said Ryoko as she started stripping 
to reveal her perfect body, her legs glistening from were she had started 
getting wet.

Tenchi had no problems with this and bent ryoko over the couch and took her from 
behind, being softer this time, as he wanted to show his true love for her, and 
as he pressed his cock into her, to hear her gasps of pleasure he said " I love 
you Ryoko!"
I love you to Tenchi," she replied as she felt him slide in and out of her, 
slowly feeling his cock press into her pussy. She could feel a well of emotion 
flow over as she felt joy, happiness and love, for the one she cared for the 
most was pushing himself in and out of her.
He felt the same, in a way as there bodies became one, so did their thoughts, as 
Ryoko came to orgasm, tenchi came and let his seed flow into his love. After 
they both recovered, Tenchi carried Ryoko to his bedroom, where as he flung the 
door open, Mihoshi lay on the bed, her body ready for action.

But that will be another time..........


Ok, hope you enjoyed, most noticeably this is my first story and as such, 
spelling and punctuation be DAMMED!

If you enjoyed, I would love to here comments and Critiscm: Cephirio@aol.com

Hopefully more soon!

Truly Mad

