Throwing Up
By Yvone (Darla) InocentBystandr1@msn.com 



Disclaimer: These aren't my characters made from my perverted
imagination. No, these belong to someone else. But the actions and
words are mine. -=laughs evilly=- that's right bitch. Charles In Charge.
Um and don't sue me because I'm not making any money off of this. The
only thing I'm getting out of this is :

A.) The chance to make people laugh

B.) The chance to make people cringe

C.) The chance to encourage people to send hate mail about how their
favorite character was verbally abused

D.) All of the above

And the answer is.... D. Too bad I'm not a millionaire... (Damn you Regis
>_<)

 

It was was lovely day out. The palm trees waved to the sailors as the
magenta sunset led the sun below the glossy blue ocean. Tenchi,
Yosho, and Noboyuki's glances were fixated on the languid beauty of
nature.... not to mention the scantilly clad young women in their bikinis
running around frantically, their breasts like jelatin in an earthquake.
Then their attention came over to the men, as they ran after the
women squirting them with water guns. Yoshi licked his lips at the site of
the women running, mumbling some naughty things not meant for little
children's ears. Tenchi raised an eyebrow as he looked up at his
grandfather. 

"I'd like to get a piece of that ass." Yosho let slip as he watched a
brown haired girl, wondering if she had brown hair....everywhere.

"I didn't know you were into celulite, Grandpa." Tenchi smirked as he
made the comment, standing and dusting himself off. Clad in blue shorts
and nothing more. Just then Ayeka and Ryoko showed up, beside
Tenchi, both having a hold of a limb. Pressumably his arms. Ryoko in a
red bikini and Ayeka in a blue one piece. "Figures" Tenchi thought as he
looked them over. He soon found himself quite excited and felt he
needed to "release" some tension, and quick. So he got loose of their
claws and casually walked to the bathroom, conviently placed smack
dab in the middle of the beach, where no one could hear him. He walked
into a stall, closing it behind him and stood facing the door. He unzipped
his pants and wrapped his hand around his average sized manhood,
sliding up and down repeatedly, with an occasional look for "intruders".
After some while he began to get excited, feeling his fluids building up,
like Mount St. Helens ready to spill it's contents out to the world. He
figured that Mount St. Helens was too much of a girly name to name a
penis. So he stuck with Old Faithful. He begin to moan loudly as his hand
movements got quicker by the second, his impatience really showing. He
gave a finally squeal as his cum spilled all over the bathroom floor, in a
little puddle on the tiles. 

"That'll leave a stain." he said to himself as he gently massaged his dick
after his orgasm. Just then Ayeka and Ryoko walked into the bathroom,
looking around. 

"Tenchi!?" they called out in harmony as they began looking under the
stalls. He peaked through the crack seeing this and stood crouching on
the toilet seat. He slowly zipped his pants up not to make any sound.
Then Ryoko and Ayeka looked under his stall, he could tell. Just the
warmth of Ryoko's body heat filled the air, making him horny all over
again. Ryoko examined the white puddle on the floor and looked to
Ayeka as she scooped a little with her index finger. She sniffed it and
made a disgusted face at Ayeka. 

"Either one of three things. Someone had a VERY old cupcake and
detests frosting, they accidently spilled a little sour milk while eating, or
we've struck gold." Ayeka stood back knowing it was #3 and Ryoko
kicked the door open, revealing Tenchi, crouching on the toilet seat. 

"Um, wow what great educated guesses. Yep you got me. Darn
cupcakes." he laughed nervously, hoping they'd believe him. 

"Tenchi you look a little tense..." Ryoko said smirking as Ayeka and her
pulled him out of the stall and dragged him onto the floor. They ripped
his shorts off revealing Old Faithful, limp and pleased. "Ha! Old Faithful...
looks like the Leaning Tower of Pisa to me!" Ryoko thought. Then Ryoko
and Ayeka quickly stripped off their clothes. Ayeka got ontop of Tenchi,
sliding it into her. He was so very grossed out, now appreciating clothes
on Ayeka a lot more than he did before. Along with the inventor of the
bra. Ryoko watched, mad that Ayeka got to "ride" first. By the look of
Tenchi's face, he was still grossed out. He didn't want his pride and the
only thing that identified him as a TRUE man to be swallowed up into her
abyss...or what seemed as deep as one. Even the thought of Ryoko
made him shudder. Both of them, all over him. I mean, when he thought
about it, Ayeka was this stuck up alien bitch who was supposed to be
the poster child for decent exposure, and Ryoko was some space demon
clone of Washuu who was probably older than grandpa Yosho and still a
virgin! After an orgasm Ayeka got off and Tenchi ran out of the
bathroom, frightened like a 5 year old on Halloween. He ran back to Yosh
and Noboyuki who were watching the sunset. They looked at the naked
boy, covering his manhood.

"Tenchi, what happened to you? I didn't think fish were that fiesty."
Yosho said shifting his glasses upon the bridge of his nose.

"Actually once I went skinny dipping and --" 

"No no no!" Tenchi yelled cutting Noboyuki off in the middle of his
disgusting sentence that he did not....COULD not, fathom in his mind.
"Ayeka and Ryoko mugged me in the bathroom, then Ayeka raped me!"
he said, shivering. Just then a couple of guys from his school walked by
laughing and pointing and whsitling.

"Nice ass Masaki!" yelled one as the clamored about the naked boy on
the non-nude beach. Tenchi looked back at them to see what they had
to say about what happened.

"Well?" he said wondering why they were silent. And for a while they did
remain silent. Then they finally spoke.

"How were you able to look at Ayeka while she was raping you without
throwing up?" Yosho asked.

"Well I DID throw up sorta..." Tenchi said embarressed.

"I mean through the mouth you dick head." snapped Yosho, wanting to
know his "secret".

"I just imagined it was my own hand, only larger and wetter." Tenchi
said proudly. Noboyuki and Yosho mumbled and whispered among
themselves. 

"This is why the boy will never get laid by a REAL woman." Noboyuki
stated.

                           The End

 Hehe that really kind of sucked. Oh well maybe I'll try harder next time,
                             eh?



