First off, let me say that this is my first fic
written meant to be posted on any site.  I will do my
best to keep all the characters IC, and will strive to
make the story a good one, while attempting to keep
continuity straight.  Please note that I have only
seen the TV versions of Tenchi and TMiL, that’s it (I
will however, be avoiding “Shin Tenchi” like the
plague), so I have not seen the OAV’s, so there may be
some rather large continuity violations, sorry in
advance for these, I do not do them knowingly.  Since
this is my first, please be rather hard with your
MST’s. So without further banter by me, I give you my
first Tenchi FanFic.

Standard DisclaimerJ
        Tenchi, and all characters made under that series are
property of Pioneer and AIC, I am only borrowing them,
and plan to give them back when I’m finished.  I know
neither of those companies will sue me for writing
this, unless I make money off it, and I won’t.

Warnings:
        It is possible that a bit of Lemon may appear later
on in this fic, I will try to avoid all-out sex, and
hope, that at the worst it is strong Lime.  I don’t
know, since I am making this up as I go.
        I may take some names from other Anime shows/movies,
I’m none too good at Japanese, and I don’t want a
stupid sounding name ruining my fic, so I’ll be taking
just names, not the characters.
        Also, this is an AU/SI of sorts, though the character
based on me is hardly god-like and is perfectly
capable of being killed off by yours truly, he will
not be the main character, and is only there for some
flavor.  As for the AU part, this takes place about 15
years after the end of the series.

SHINJI AND ASUKA FOREVER!!!
…..woah, where’d THAT come from.
[][][][][][][][]][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]^_^

Tides Of Destruction, Tides Of Vengeance
Written By: max_sterling83@yahoo.com

        Funaho, Empress of Jurai, watched the vid-screen
intently with a bemused look on her face, in her mind
feelings of amusement and pride swelled in her as she
watched the primitive technological dance before her.
She had only found out about this recently, and, ever
since, had watched with great interest as it played
out.  She was not the only one watching, many other
races had learned of what was happening in the
protected area, and was also taking a great interest,
also, the Galaxy Police were taking up defensive
positions around the entry vectors of the Sol system
to prevent any outside interference.
        The cause of all this attention and protection was a
large, primitive (at least by others standards)
spacecraft that was approaching the fourth planet in
the Sol system, a colony ship moving towards Mars,
carrying over 200 civilians, scientists, and military
personnel, was about to land, and in doing so, begin
the construction of Earths first extra-planetary
colony.
        Funaho watched as the large ship made planetfall, and
hundreds of Terrans left the ship for the first time
in two years.  Funaho couldn’t contain her smile as a
dream of the entire Terran race came to fruition.
Even though she had lived on Jurai for over 700 years,
Funaho still retained a strong link with her ancestral
home, and was very well known for the vehemence in
which she protected it.  She would fight in the
Juraian council endlessly to keep the planet Earth as
inviolate as possible, and had, on more than one
occasion, stopped one royal house or another from
exploiting Earth as an economic resource.  She had an
easier time of keeping her adoptive people in check in
regards to Earth with the help of her sister-empress
Misaki.  On several occasions, they had joined
together to stop raiders or other military powers from
making Sol as base of operations, and had been
instrumental in making the GP the only organization
with any say on who got to Earth and who didn’t.  “The
Terran Race has the right to make its own path without
the un-needed interference of other races, the same
right all races have.” Was just one of her many things
that she said to make her point.
        And now, she watched with open pride as her people
took their first tentative steps into space.  It would
only be a matter of time now until Earth became more
capable in space travel, and diplomatic teams would be
sent from both Jurai and the GP to welcome Earth into
the fold of space-faring races.  Until then, Funaho
would remain vigilant. A high pitched, but level voice
called to her from behind.
“Funaho, are you there?”
“Yes, Misaki, I’m at my console.”
        Soft steps are heard as Misaki, walks over to the
door.
“We have another message from Sasami.” Said Misaki.
Funaho smiled, happy to hear from her niece “Great!
Its been what, 6 months now since her last one?”
“Seven actually, the last one was about her being
pregnant.”
“Well, lets see this one now, I miss her, and these
messages make it easier.”
“Allright.”

*Authors Note:  A little back-story here.  This fic
takes place after a story I wrote that I never was
able to post, as that story goes, 10 years after the
series ends, Ayeka and Sasami are called back to
Jurai, Ayeka goes with a tearful goodbye to Tenchi and
Ryoko, who were married a time earlier.(Ayeka stayed
as a close family friend, and a kind of third parent
to Tenchi’s and Ryoko’s daughter, Kira.) Sasami,
however doesn’t want to go as she is in love with a
Terran by the name of Alex Kernskey, a US Marine
stationed in Japan (NOT the SI character) whom she met
while shopping with Ryoko and Tenchi (She spends years
on Earth, you think shes going to vegetate in the
house constantly). Ayeka takes the situation to her
mother, and Misaki relents to letting Sasami stay on
Earth, but not after meeting the Terran in question.
Sasami merges with Tsunami, and shortly after THAT,
marries Alex.  Azusa becomes furious at another Terran
being brought into the Juraian Royal Bloodline, comes
damn near to declaring war on Earth, but stops when he
is informed that the only way he could take and keep
Earth would be through ground based combat, and it is
pointed out that while the Juraian Knights are good,
fighting cornered US Marines on their own turf would
be VERY expensive, so he settles down.  After that
story, Earth begins colonization efforts, and Sasami
becomes pregnant with her first child. Thus bringing
us to this fic.
*End Authors Note

        Misaki walks over to the console, open a small port
and inserts a small crystal into it, moments later a
holographic picture of Sasami appears, she is
obviously pregnant, her blue hair is pulled back into
a single shoulder-length ponytail, while she is older
than the last time she set foot on Jurai, she still
has a youthful air about her, and her eyes still gleam
with a touch of childlike mischief. Then the Hologram
recording began to speak.
 “ Hello mother, hello Aunt Funaho, Its been a while
since I talked to you last, sorry, I’ve been a bit
busy.”
As Sasami says that she has a smile on her face, and
raised one hand to the bulge above her waist.
“Anyway, I thought now would be a good time to send a
message, especially with what’s going on with Mars and
all, I guess the Terrans will be making the Galactic
scene sometime in the next fifty years or so.”  “Its
been rather exciting here, celebrations all over the
world for several reasons.”  “I never really noticed
how much can happen in 7 months.” “First, the Mars
colony, which is all that is talked about here now,
then the creation of the United Earth Alliance.”
“That is one of the big reasons I wanted to call.  The
Terrans have finally made a unified planetary
government, so all the resources on this planet are at
its disposal.’  “The talk of overpopulation has come
up again, and with good reason, with 12 billion people
on this world now, its getting pretty cramped, they’re
even rationing food and water in some nations.” “So
the UEA has decided that the only way for Earth to
remain habitable is to colonize other worlds.”
“Already larger, hyperspace-capable ships are in
production, and already worlds around Alpha Centauri,
Vega, and Essex sectors are slated to be colonized in
the next 5 years.”  “This will undoubtedly put them in
contact with other races, and Terra isn’t ready for
that yet, I don’t know what can be done, but something
need to be.”
        “Well, onto less stressful things, I’m due in another
3 months, I don’t know if it’s a boy or a girl, Alex
and I want that to be a surprise, but were leaning
towards the names
being Shinji for it’s a boy, or Miriya if it’s a
girl.”  “Well, that’s all I really have time to say,
Alex and I are working on a nursery, give Ayeka my
love, love you, and I hope you decide to come when the
baby is born, Bye.”
        And with that the holographic display flickered and
powered down.
Misaki sat with tears in her eyes, still looking at
where the hologram had been.
“Ooh, My little Sasami is going to be a mother.”
Funaho then spoke.
“I hope we have time to get to Earth when its time for
the baby to be born”
“As do I, I wonder though…”
“What?”
“Will Azusa accept her child as a part of the royal
lineage, or will he view Sasami’s  child as he does
Tenchi and his family?”
        Funaho considered this, it was something she never
really gave thought to.
“I certainly hope he accepts them, he really has no
reason to deny any of them…But if he does, Sasami will
raise him as a normal Terran, and probably not even
think about the throne, she never has wanted it
anyway.”

WHEW!!!
Sorry if this was rather boring, the stroy is just
getting started, so please, bear with me on this.
End of Part one, I wanted to make this a giant
one-shot, but I really want to get this posted, AND, I
want it MST’d, I know, I’m asking for an MST.  But
hey, these are for entertainment, and I want to know
if I’m any good, and I want to know any glaring
mistakes I made, MST’s are the best way.
        Just to let you know Alex Kernskey is NOT repeat NOT
the SI character, that one probably won’t be showing
up for a while.
        This story is (I hope) one in a long series, and I
again hope to have one installment every 3 weeks.
        So, MST away, especially Bryan Weber, Peter Suziki,
and the Author of “Causality”, and I certainly cant
forget Ksawarrior or the crew of the JERDI, I love you
work and would be honored if you did mine.

"Hello, and Goodbye, as always"
        Evan "Paladin" Ulven
max_sterling83@yahoo.com
