Tenchi and Kiyone’s parent troubles-Chapter1 "the beginning of a new life."

Back at Okayama Tenchi and Kiyone Purchase a new home and like Ryoko have
some fun of their own. Uh-oh it looks like something bad is heading
Mihoshi’s way.

Disclaimer: Tenchi and all the other characters (except for one baby) used
in this story is owned by AIC and Pioneer. I’m only doing this to express a
bit of my imagination and for entertainment I would never try To steal
anybody else’s ideas for I understand that pain since I have gone through a
few times. So please be nice and nobody sue me. A final thing to say if your
offended, immature, or not good for this stuff in any way don’t read it just
lay off and stop reading. Everybody who does read this Please email me I’d
like to hear from you it could be suggestions, (not meaning telling me what
to do just giving ideas ok.) good comments, or bad I like them all and would
like to hear from you so keep it coming.



    It was just a nice and typical day at Kiyone and Tenchi’s new house.
Since Kiyone never reported in for her Galaxy police duty anymore she was
presumed dead the same for Mihoshi who was now Tenchi and Kiyone’s slave or
should I say "maid" Kiyone and Tenchi didn’t have to work and got to get
free stuff after using Washu’s Time and space continuing machine. While
everybody else had to pay As usual. Kiyone and Tenchi were both reading the
papers and eating breakfast at the table then a cry was Heard at which in
the original dimension they came from would have been Washu’s lab. (They
changed dimensions with Washu’s time and space continuing machine.)

"Mihoshi I think someone needs a diaper changing." Yelled Kiyone.

"I’ll be right there!" replied Mihoshi. Mihoshi then rushed into the kitchen
and brought over some diapers.

"Mihoshi not us you dumbo one of the two babies dummy!!!"

"Sorry Kiyone I thought one of you guys needed I’ll be right over to the
babies." Mihoshi then cried out.

"What was that!?!?!?!!! Don’t you start with me and hurry it up will
ya!!!!!!!!" Said an almost ready explode Kiyone. ‘Kiyone then turns her head
to the side of the table and faces Tenchi.’

"Hey Tenchi isn’t it hard to be a parent How bout me and you go out and have
some fun tonight."

"Yeah I know I’m with you all the way." Said Tenchi.

"Kiyone" said Tenchi.

"Yes Tenchi" replied Kiyone.

"It’s hard to be a parent."

"Yeah I know."

"It’s a good thing we bought that medicine yesterday that won’t let you get
pregnant anymore"

"Yeah I know now when we make love there won’t be so much hassle that comes
with it."

"Kiyone" Tenchi said once more.

"What is it my love?" replied Kiyone

"Do you want to send the kids to an adoption center?"

"Besides having you by my side that would be my second greatest joy. Just
you and me no pesky kids or anything getting in our way."

"glad to hear that I’ve found an adoption center closest to us!!" Tenchi
said with joy. Kiyone then shot up with joy. "Really" said a very happy and
surprised voice which sounded a lot like Mishoshi’s.

"You stole my line you stupid bitch!!" exclaimed Kiyone who was facing
Mihoshi whom ‘s face was filled with piss.

"Oh I can’t wait no more rooms filled with pee and doodoo I’m so excited no
more dirty work for me!!!" Mihoshi said excitedly

"Filled with what?!?!?!" Tenchi said angrily.

"Oh no not again Mihoshi what did you this time?!?!?!" Kiyone added very mad
and questioningly.

"I was trying to take the diapers out and when I did I kinda dropped them
and now it made a big mess in the room and the baby pissed in my face."

"Which baby was it Mayuka, or her Brother Tenchi Jr.?" Tenchi added
questioningly.

" I don’t know, but the baby had blue hair though." Replied Mihoshi.

"Well it looks like it was Mayuka this time but who cares we got clean up
the mess and take ‘em to the adoption center so there would be no more
hassle with them." Kiyone said.

"Yeah you’re right lets get started now then we can move to Plan-b later."
Tenchi announced as he had his devious smile. Kiyone who had also shared the
same devious smile turned and looked at Mihoshi at the same time Tenchi had
done the same, Mihoshi had seen that they also turned to each other with
their devious smiles and nodded there head yes at the same time a very
scared tanned skinned and a blonde haired lady wondered what they meant
"Gees why do you guys look so mad." Piped in a very scared Mihoshi.





(later on)

     As Tenchi and Kiyone were enjoying there meal at a fancy Japanese
restaurant, they could be seen Sitting across each other, talking, and also
kissing as if they were on a date. As they were talking ……

"A good thing Ryoko and Aeka found out that we were going out and that I
didn’t like them, well at least not the way they would like anyways." Tenchi
said.

"Yeah I know Ryoko was just too wild for you and Aeka was to snobby, but I
on the other hand is perfect." Replied Kiyone.

"Yes you are." Tenchi said.

"Thanks." Kiyone said back.

"No one can ever replace you Kiyone you’re so perfect and we’re also
destined to be together forever."

"No one can ever replace you either Tenchi I’d rather die than live without
you."

"Thanks, out of all the girls your looks and your personality are perfect."

"So you mean I’m the only pretty one?"

"No I mean you’re just perfect in both, all the others have a flaw."

"Thank you, thank you very much Tenchi, you’re not so bad yourself besides
your looks your very dedicated, hard working, and peace loving."

"and your also very dedicated, peace loving, very emotional, sensitive and
smart."

"So Kiyone how do you suppose we get another slave or should I say ‘maid or
butler.’"

"With Washu’s dimension machine we can just build another Dimension like
Tokyo, wish for a new ‘maid’, and destroy this dimension before anyone ever
finds out we killed Mihoshi."

"Uhm.. Kiyone do you think we could destroy this dimension before moving on
into a new dimension?"

"Yeah we could Washu told me we could before she disappeared she even gave
me a Dimension eraser, and a Dimension Leap. It’s Two of her first creations
but she kept it a secret from us and everybody else So Ryoko or Aeka
wouldn’t goof around with it but she gave it to me the day before she
vanished."

"Cool! pretty much I can already tell what they do one destroys a dimension
and the other lets you leave one, right?"

"Yes but if one or more people are going to leave a dimension they have to
hold hands and form a chain with the person holding the pen there you see
there both diguised as pens but you can tell which one is which because both
of their pen buttons on top are different colors one is purple yellow. The
purple one lets leave and sends you back to your original dimension and
where you last were at that dimension and the purple one lets you erase a
dimension if you press it’s button you have ten seconds to press the yellow
one’s button and get out of there."

"You two are about to be placed under arrest for the murder of Mihoshi we
heard some of the things you said put em’ up!!" a deep voice blurted out.

Tenchi and Kiyone then each grabbed there hands grabbed a pen and they both
pressed the buttons at the same time. They then vanished out of thin air and
in ten seconds everybody else vanished as well as the existing dimension.

"That was close Tenchi, real close." Said an exasperated Kiyone.

"Yeah I know howbout we get out of Washu’s lab go to my room and make some
lovin’ before we make a new dimension." Said an exasperated and excited
Tenchi.

They both walked up to Tenchi’s room, closed the door undress, and Kiyone
first received a tongue bath by Tenchi then they Kissed feverishly and went
on for 10min. then they both got in the bed Tenchi got on top of her and
started pumping his dick into Kiyone’s Pussy.



"ooooooooooh ahhh yesssss yessss harder baby harder rock me rock me." Kiyone
could be heard moaning, sighing, and begging for more.

Tenchi’s motion continued for 15 min. then he got off Kiyone and sweetly
said " blow me dry baby."

As Tenchi was then sitting at the edge of the bed Kiyone got off, got on
ground, got on her knees gave Head to Tenchi. She was licking it all around
then putting it in her mouth and going up and down for 5 times, The pattern
continued and everytime she was going up and down she increased going up and
down By two more times Her motion continued for 4min. until they stopped
again this time Tenchi lied down on His bed, Kiyone then mounted Tenchi she
slid her pussy into Tenchi’s dick (which was hard enough to crack cement)
and stood both of her arms next to Tenchi’s arms then Tenchi grabbed her
waist and slid her pussy up and down as if he was pumping her with his cock
and they both moaned in the process within another 15 min. Kiyone felt his
Dick explode in her and was delighted with the cum it brought.

Tenchi and Kiyone then both fell asleep next to each other (after Tenchi
cummed.) then Tenchi

And Kiyone continued the wild joyride when they awoke the next morning.

To be continued…..

Just incase you guys missed my email address earlier it’s
aaa_geminiworld@yahoo.com if you’ve read this

Please email I’d like to hear from you whether or not the comment’s are good
or bad I like them all. Oh yeah If you’ve seen the JPLWA next to my pen name
it stands for James. Padilla’s. Lemon. Writers. Association. James Padilla’s
is the writer for the two lemon series snow and the Erotic Torture chamber
if you haven’t already read his work I suggest you should he inspired me to
start writing some lemon. To become a member just type JPLWA next to your
pen name.

Charles
