Disclaimer: To the lawyers of AIC & Pioneer, please don't sue me
I'm not making money off of this and if you sue me you won't get
Any money cause I'm flat broke, and you would be wasting your
Time trying to get a case so please pass this on to the geniuses that
Created Tenchi Muyo.

Warning this is a lemon fanfic, which means it, has sexual content if you
are offended by the idea of this you shouldn't have passed this mark
if you saw the word lemon if you are under 18.

This happens about two weeks or so after Manatsu No Eve Mayuka is apparently
very healthy and Tenchi finds out that he has loved Ryoko after he thinks
about what he did when he slapped her and after he found out that she was so
sad that Mayuka was gone she found her calm side and then he falls in love
with her when she takes him on a little trip an make a little speech about
her love and Aeka is jealous, this happens when they are about to sleep
together for the first time.

The Love of Tenchi- Ryoko was quietly looking up at the stars and thinking
about Tenchi then she phases on an awaiting Tenchi sitting on his bed. Then
she materialized right in front of Tenchi's penis. Then she starts
licking it and Tenchi notices by moaning. He then thrusts his penis forward
into Ryoko's mouth. Then she starts to stop but Tenchi trys to get it
back in. Then Ryoko says, "are you enjoying this Tenchi?",

Tenchi says "um&hellip; um&hellip;", "If you cant decide I&rsquo;ll do it
for you". Then she starts sucking Tenchi's cock giving him a jolt of
pleasure. He then starts to get hi (like smoking marijuana) then he starts
to climax by ejaculating about a liter of semen in her mouth, she gulps if
it were miso soup. Then he gets up from Ryoko, and Ryoko reluctantly lets
go. After that Tenchi starts to speak, " could you uh&hellip; lie down
Ryoko", "for what?", "you gave me pleasure and your getting some in return",
"but-but", then she lied down reluctantly. Then he started by holding her
breasts in his hand, next he starts to suck one of her breasts and pinches
her other one. He licks the left one by licking in a circular motion and
then nibbles it. He then goes down to her vagina and starts licking it.
Ryoko screams out with pleasure and moans. She then gets up on all fours
signaling to hump her. In out & in out. She felt pain but then it was
replaced with a unlimited amount of pleasure she starts to scream out with
pleasure. She almost blacked out with overcome of pleasure. Semen was
seeping out of her ass she was climaxing. Then she fainted.

---------------------------------Dream--------------------------------------

She was flying around in the sky with Tenchi at her side. They kissed and
then Tenchi slipped out of her grasp and fell down through the sky she flew
down to him but he was gone.

She waked up fully conscious in Tenchi's arms all night. Apparently he
just stayed there with her all night waiting for her to regain
consciousness. She then knew he truly loved her. He then notices she's
awake then he kisses her. She was somehow in her clothes.

Breakfast- Sasami was busy preparing miso soup for breakfast, unnoticing
Aeka&rsquo;s anger. Ryoko walked down the stairs. "Miss Ryoko, may I have a
word with you?" said Aeka. "Well sure why not, what?" said Ryoko" "May we go
and speak in private" letting out a sigh Ryoko says, "Sure". Then they walk
out side on the porch. "What did you do to Tenchi last night" said Aeka in a
annoyed voice, "What did I do&hellip; something that you will never do with
Tenchi" "What! You forced him into bed didn't you" "well I started it
and he agreed to it". Meanwhile Tenchi gets his cup and toothbrush and
starts brushing his teeth and thinks about last night. He thinks to himself,
"Ryoko was wonderful but what about Aeka, She's probably acting like
hell to Ryoko". Then he hears a blast outside and almost chokes on his
toothpaste. "Miss Ryoko, you can't molest Tenchi like that" "You tried
what to Tenchi", with a comeback. Aeka started building up an energy field
and the floating logs appeared around her then Tenchi ran out and the
forcefield hit him knocking him out instantly. Then Sasami ran outside and
saw Tenchi on the ground. "Aeka, what did you do to Tenchi" the little
princess said. "It was a accident I was trying to hit Ryo- um-um". "You were
attacking Ryoko!" yelled Sasami. Then Ryoko quickly teleported Tenchi and
herself into Washu&rsquo;s lab. "What the hell did you do this time Ryoko?"
"It wasn't me dammit it was that little bitch Aeka who did it". Washu
then hit her console and a couple of arms picked up Tenchi and placed him on
a bed. Then after that Aeka ran through the door screaming "Tenchiiiii".
Washuu picked up a little device and placed it over Tenchi. And it started
to buzz. Then Ryoko said in an loving voice, "Tenchi, I love"

And then fell on to Tenchi crying.

Authors notes if anyone has any death threats flames or comments please
email me at dman_the_original@yahoo.com Please stay tuned for the sequel of
The love of Tenchi coming soon.