                Tenchi Muyo!: The Auction

During the mid-spring at the Masaki household, Tenchi
goes through his usual routine of being chased by
Ryoko and Ayeka, being a test subject for Little
Washu, training with his grandfather Yosho and
planting carrots for Ryo-ohki. Of course this was an
everyday thing for him which was pretty exhausting
until one week things didn’t go as normal. Now on with
the story. We join Tenchi on Sunday morning when he
just been rudely interrupted of his morning sleep.

SCENE: Tenchi’s Bedroom & 6:00am

Tenchi was sleeping peacefully until Ryoko teleported
into his bed.

Tenchi: Huh… what?
Ryoko: (with a cheerful giggle) Good morning lover
boy!
T: Ryoko!!! It’s too early in the morning. Go back to
bed.
R: But Tenchi, I missed you too much. Besides ill
sleep a whole lot better when you are next to me.
T: Now cut it out and let me go back to sleep. I’ve
got some work to do when I get up.
R: Well, ill make a deal with you. If you give me a
kiss and ill leave you alone.
T: No!!! I wont do that now leave me alone!!
R: Aw…. Your no fun

Then Ryoko teleported out of Tenchi’s Bedroom.

T: Why do I have to go through this every morning,
Ryoko and Ayeka are too much why ill bet Ayeka is
planning something right now.

SCENE: Ayeka Balcony & 6:30am

As Ayeka looks at the sunrise, she tries to figure out
a cunning way to be with Tenchi this lovely morning.

Ayeka: Ah, what a lovely morning, just like my Lord
Tenchi. Now how am I going to get to be with him this
morning? Hmm, let’s see……. Hey I got it, Azaka,
Kamidake.
Azaka and Kamidake: Yes Princess Ayeka.
A: I need you two to do me a favor
Az.: Anything for you princess.
Ka.: Where here to serve you.
A: Ok. Here’s the plan. Azaka, I want you to capture
Lord Tenchi and bring him over to the cave that’s
close to the shrine. Kamidake, I want you to transport
me over to the cave. Ok, is that clear?
Az. and Ka.: Yes ma’am.
A: One more thing, when me and Tenchi are both in the
cave, I want you two to put a shield over the cave so
no one can get in or out of the cave.
Az. and Ka.: Yes ma’am.
Az.: Ok, ill go and get Lord Tenchi right now.
Ka.: Ok princess, hold on tight.

Azaka flew off to get Tenchi while Kamidake blasted
off the balcony and off to the cave.

SCENE: The Bathroom & 6:45am

As Tenchi was preparing himself to go out into the
fields, someone teleported through the door.

T: Ryoko!!!!! How many times do I have to tell you to
keep out while I’m in here?
Az.: Sorry to disappoint you Lord Tenchi but I’m not
Ryoko.
T: Azaka?! Oh it’s only you. What a relief. So how are
you doing this morning.
Az.: I’m ok, thank you for asking. Uh… Lord Tenchi.
T: Yes Azaka.
Az.: Um, well I…
T: Oh let me guess. You’re looking for Ayeka?!
Az.: Oh no. But…
T: Then you’re looking for Sasami, right?!
Az.: No…
T: Kiyone or Mihoshi????
Az.: No and no.
T: Ryoko or Washu??
Az.: No and no.
T: Then who??????????
Az.: I’m looking for you Lord Tenchi.
T: Oh ok. So what do you want????
Az.: I have orders from Princess Ayeka.
T: Ok, now what dose she wants from me.
Az.: Why don’t you ask her yourself?
T: What!!!!! Is she behind me?!?!?!?!?!
Az.: No but you’ll see.

With an instant Azaka absorb Tenchi and flew off to
meet with Ayeka that was waiting in the cave.

SCENE: The Shrine Cave (Ryoko’s Tomb) & 7:05am

A: Oh dear. Where’s my Lord Tenchi, he should be
coming. Hey Kamidake, go see if Azaka is coming.
Ka.: Yes princess.

A minute later.

Ka.: Princess Ayeka.
A: Yes.
Ka.: He’s on his way right now.
A: (as her face grew happily) He is?? That’s great. Ok
now get out of site.

During this time Ayeka is preparing herself for
Tenchi. She took off all of her clothes and just left
on a silk robe. As soon she was ready Azaka had
dropped off Tenchi. This was a good thing because the
cave is dark.

T: Ouch!!! Was all of this really necessary?????
Az.: Yes, now goodbye.

Azaka left the cave to guard the entrance with
Kamidake.

A: (with a sexy voice) Hello Lord Tenchi. Oh are you
ok, you look stressed out.
T: Well I’ve been going through a whole lot this
morning.
A: Well how about I give you a massage.
T: Hmm… I guess a massage won’t hurt.

As Tenchi was receiving his massage he wasn’t thinking
about that this was one of Ayeka plans. This continued
for a while until Ayeka thought of another good idea.

A: Umm… Lord Tenchi.
T: Yes Ayeka.
A: Can you take off your shirt so I can massage your
back??
T: Ok.

When Tenchi was taking off his shirt Ayeka decided to
take off her robe.

A: Are you ready Lord Tenchi??
T: Yeah I’m ready
A: Ok, but before I continue, can you give me a small
massage?????
T: Well…umm….alright. But I can’t see where you at.
A: Don’t worry about that, just give me your hands and
ill guide you.
T: Ok.

As Tenchi reached forward, Ayeka grabbed his hands and
put them on her stomach. Tenchi’s hands were cold so
it made Ayeka shiver. As Tenchi was rubbing her
stomach Ayeka decided to move his hands slowly, the
right was going north and the left was going south.

T: (thinking) what’s going on what is she doing???

The next moment Tenchi was feeling on her moist wet
cunt and her erected nipples.

T: Hey!!! It feels like…..
A: Ooohh….aaaahhhhhh….mmmmmmm. Please don’t stop.
T: You’re naked!!!!! I can’t believe you (snatching
his hands away).
A: Oh please Lord Tenchi, I need it please I’ve been
longing for this.

She then forced him to lie on his back and she jumped
on top of him.

A: (With a sexy voice) now give me a kiss.
T: No Ayeka!!!!!! (Screaming)

Somehow Tenchi squirmed his way out of Ayeka’s grip
and ran for the cave exit, but he hit the force field
that Azaka and Kamidake was putting up.

T: You guys let me outta here.
Az.: I’m sorry but we can’t do that.
T: Then I’ll force my way out.

As Tenchi was trying his hardest to get out it seems
like he was being watched the whole time.

Washu: It seems like Tenchi need some help. Hehehehe,
come to me my Tenchi.

With a couple of pushes of buttons that’s on her
computer, she sends a dimensional transporter to
Tenchi.

T: Huh, what’s this strange feeling, wha…..aaahhhhhh.

Tenchi fell through the portal and has been
transported to a bed room.

SCENE: Washu’s Bedroom & 7:45am

T: Aaahhhhhhh…oof. Huh now what. Oh no not Washu too.
I’m getting out of here.
W: I don’t think so.
T: Wa...Wa… Washu is that you??????
W: Yes and what a naughty boy you are.

Then Little Washu transformed into Adult Washu.

Adult W: (in a seductive voice) it looks like you’ll
have to be punished.
T: No not that, somebody help me!!!!!!

Just then there was a knock on the door

Adult W: Come in.
Sasami: Professor Washu???
Adult W: Yes Sasami, what is it???
S: Oh hello Tenchi. Um breakfast is ready.
T: That’s good, wait for me Sasami, I’ll go with you.

Tenchi dashed to the door.

SCENE: Breakfast In the Livingroom & 8:00am

While everyone was eating breakfast, Tenchi was the
center of attention as usual but he was lost in
thought.

T: (thinking) I’m lucky that Sasami came in just in
time. I was sure that Washu was going to get me that
time. I need a break from all of them so I can figure
out a way to be done with all of this.

Tenchi stands up.

T: Ok everyone listen up…

A minute later…

Everyone: What!! You’re leaving all of us.
T: Yeah, for a while.
R: How long of a while
T: It depends on you. If you don’t follow or spy on me
then ill be back sooner. Well I’m going over to my
grandfathers to train. Good-bye everyone.

To Be Continued….
I would like to thank all of the people before me
writing lemons to inspire me to write this. Hopefully
I can write an 11 part mini-series or maybe more,
that’s if I have enough time. I would like to thank
Gensao for creating such a wonder website and 5 years
running, keep it going man.
Coming up next: Tenchi Muyo !: The Auction - Part 2
(Tenchi finds a way out of his problems.)