Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com Anal people who think they're 
god need not reply. ^_^

WARNING!  Why doesn't anybody ever have anything nice to say?  I am so sick 
of being flamed by
people whose superior morals require them to browse through XXX sites and 
then hate mail the
people responsible.  From now on, Any negetive email sent to me that is not 
critical of plot,
characterization, or spelling mistakes will be treated as UNSOLICITED 
E-MAIL, and whoever wrote
it will be severely, and I mean SEVERELY ignored.

(NOTE: The punishment alluded to in the US Constitution for writing 
unsolicited e-mail is to be
ignored by whoever recieved it. However, you may have some additional rights 
that vary from state
to state. In Alaska, for instance, I am at least required to scoff at you as 
I ignore your
email.)

EPISODE 3:
NO NEED FOR ENEMIES!

Ryoko sighed as she lowered herself into the hot, steamy water.  She lowered 
her breasts in
slowly, as she always did, to savor the delicious heat as the waterline 
enveloped her nipples.
Ah!  And then she sank in up to her neck, and soaked peacefully, stirring 
only to pick up a
bottle of sake from the floating dish beside her.

That Washuu may be a pain sometimes, but every now and then she did manage 
to create something
that did more good than harm.  This extradimensional bathroom was one of 
those rare jems of
productivity that did NOT explode, go bezerk, or insult you when you least 
expected it to.

"Oh, soaking naked again, how absoloutely disgusting!"

Ryoko scowled. Her again.  "Oh? And are you going to come in here wearing 
that kimono, little
miss princess?"

Aieka hmphed and turned her head.  She did appreciate the bath, but she 
wished Washuu had at
least provided some type of screen so she wouldn't have to look at that ugly 
monster woman while
she bathed.  Well, no matter.  Aieka simply turned her back on Ryoko as she 
stripped for her
bath.  She slowly, gracefuly removed first her outer kimono, then the 
smaller one beneath it,
then the undertunic using carefully-practiced movements steeped in Jurian 
tradition.  There was a
protocol to be followed in all aspects of...

"Four... Five..." Ryoko giggled to herself, counting the layers of clothing 
as Aieka removed
them.  "Quite an alluring striptease you're giving, princess.  But I don't 
think I ordered the
three-hour show..."

Aieka, now naked, cursed ryoko under her breath as she dumped cold water 
over herself from a
shallow wooden tub.  "Hmph!  It's only natural that a barbarian woman such 
as yourself would not
understand the concept of civilized clothing.  The point is to cover skin, 
not display it as
crudely as YOU seem to enjoy doing."  Aieka washed herself thuroughly with a 
rag and soap.

"Yeah, whatever." Ryoko snorted. "If you ask me, it's logical for you to 
wear so many layers,
since you're so cold.  I honestly don't see *how* Jurai ever got populated.  
ESPECIALLY when it
takes you so long to complete puberty...

Aieka dupmed annother tub of cold water to rinse the soap off.  The suds 
dissolved to reveal the
face of an angry and spiteful spoiled princess.

"How DARE you say that to me!?" Aieka seethed as she waded into the pool of 
hot water wrapped in
a towel, fists clenched at her sides. Ryoko noticed the water got a few 
degrees warmer.

"Ooooh, I'm sowwy!  Did we mention the sensitive subject of the widdle 
pwincess's small breasts?"
Ryoko leered and took a swig of her sake as the princess splashed closer.  
Ryoko stood up, and
poked a skeptical finger at Aieka's soft tits.  "Oh yeah, I'd say you've got 
at least annother
100 years to go before THOSE plains start to bear fruit..."

Aieka slapped Ryoko!

Ryoko slapped Aieka!

"HMPH!!"  Ryoko and Aieka turned their backs on each other and settled down 
into the water, still
seething.

=^w^=

Meanwhile, on a monorail car somewhere...

"Explain it to me again?" Mihoshi asked, confused.

"ARRRGH!! I've already explained it to you three times!"

"Well... five was always my lucky number... oh, I mean four!"

"Grrr! listen very carefully.  Washuu's invention was supposed to make 
Tenchi hentai, right?"

"Riiiiight..."

"And then it backfired and we all got blown up."

Mihoshi giggled. "And you turned into a kappa!  You were so cuuute!" Mihoshi 
tried to kiss
Kiyone, who backed away and continued talking.

"So that means that we probably got affected by the ray, which explains why 
we've both been
acting so stragely today! Now do you understand!?"

"Ummmmm..." Mihoshi looked out the window for a moment...

"Mihoshi... tell me you were listening to me!"

"Hey, I... I just realized something..." Mihoshi sounded really perplexed.

"And that would be...?" Kiyone's patience was wearing very thin by this 
point.

Mihoshi looked at Kiyone sadly.  "You didn't let me kiss you... that must 
mean..." understanding
was starting to build in Mihoshi's voice...

"That must mean...?" Kiyone repeated hopefully...

"THAT MUST MEAN YOU'RE EMBARESSED ABOUT US IN PUBLIC! ^_^"

Kiyone face-faulted.

"Never mind, just take whatever antidote Washuu gives you and keep your 
hands off of me in public
until we get there, OKAY?"

The train went through a dark tunel that lasted for about two minutes of 
total blackness.  When
they came out the other end, Kiyone looked very... well, sweaty.  Mihoshi 
looked happy as a lark.

<<<*

Aieka sighed to herself, feeling dejected.  Maybe it was the sake that did 
it to her... or maybe
whenever she got dejected she felt the need to drink some sake.  Aieka 
really wasn't sure anymore
which followed the other.  All she could tell was that she had drunk enough 
to start feeling
tingly, but she still felt depressed.  Underneath the towel, her nipples 
were hard despite the
heat, and deep underwater, her clit was swolen.  Aieka shifted 
uncomfortably.  Usually, the hot
water relaxed her when she was feeling... this way.  Perhaps it was because 
of all the alcohol
that her body was behaving stragely tonight.

As she was lost in her thoughts,  Aieka barely noticed Ryoko's shifting 
around behind her.  It
wasn't until she felt the hot water suddenly against her skin, that she 
realized that Ryoko had
deftly removed her towel from beind.

"What!? How dare you..."  Aieka started to get up, but Ryoko grabbed her 
shoulders and held her
down.  Ryoko put one hand over Aieka's mouth  and with the other hand she 
began slowly tracing
her fingertips around on Aieka's breasts...

"Mmmmph!"  Aikea tried to pull away, but the space pirate held her fast.  
Ryoko slipped her arms
under Aieka's armpits and held her, wrapping her legs around Aieka's torso.  
Aieka was completely
pinned in this position, and she knew it.  All she could do was squirm.

"Don't struggle so," Ryoko whsipered evilly in the princess's ear, "I just 
want to play with you..."  Ryoko gently twisted Aieka's nipples and began 
softly rubbing her breasts in circles.

"Aahh..." Ryoko had removed the hand covering her mouth.  "Let... let go of 
me, Ryoko... This...
isn't... right..."

"So?" Ryoko leered, covering her mouth again.  "Since when have I cared 
about right or wrong?
All I know is, I'm horny as hell and I want to play!  Don't you feel horny, 
princess?"  Ryoko
gently rubbed a finger against the entrance to Aikea's pussy, and watched 
her squirm and moan at
the feeling...

Aieka didn't understand why she was getting so turned on. Especially not 
with annother woman.
ESPECIALLY not with RYOKO!  Aieka kicked her legs and screamed into Ryoko's 
hand.  Okay, so maybe
she couldn't quite get away, but she would at least stop Ryoko from making 
these advances long
enough to...

Suddenly, a pair of soft, firm, bouncy breasts pressed against her face.  
She felt hands slide
down the sides of her body and legs stradle hers under the water.  It was 
Ryoko!  But then, who
was holding her down...?  Aeika turned her head.

Ryoko again!

"Oooh, you look so pretty all held down and helpless..." The Ryoko in front 
of her was saying, a
playful tone in her voice.  Ryoko cupped one of Aieka's small breasts in her 
hand and groped and
rubbed perversely.  She smiled evilly as she saw the look of torment and 
humiliation on Aieka's
face, even as her body slowly became wetter and hotter, enjoying the touch 
of another after so
long alone...

"You like it, don't you?"  the Ryoko in back leered.  Aieka could tell she 
was leering just from
her voice.  "We can tell, you know... We *do* have ESP, after all."  The 
Ryoko in back licked her
ear seductively as she finished saying this.

Aieka moaned despite herself.  "Which one of you is real...?"  she moaned.

"We both are!" both Ryokos snapped.  The Ryoko in front stood up, and ran 
her hands seductively
down her body.  Then she leaned over and let the other Ryoko kiss her 
breasts as she grinned.
"Intresting to watch, isn't it?"  Asked the Ryoko that was getting the 
attention.  "Ever been
gang-raped before?"

Aieka tried to look innocent.  "I-I... have never..."  Suddenly the Ryoko in 
back pinched her
breasts harshly.  Aieka cried out.

"Bad slave,"  the Ryoko in front laughed, standing over Aieka.  "When I ask 
you that, you say
'Yes mistress, I enjoy being fucked by two women.'"

"What!?"  Aieka tried to stuggle again, but Ryoko slapped her mockingly 
gently across the
cheeks.  Aieka looked at her for a second, and possible escapes flashed 
through her mind.  Use a
forcefield.  Call Azaka and Kamidake.  Beg Ryoko to let her go.  Threaten to 
tell Tenchi.  Bite
the bitch somewhere vulnerable and run.

But somehow, as she looked into her enemy's eyes, Aieka felt herself wishing 
to be dominated.
She knew, somehow, that Ryoko wasn't going to hurt her.  She was just 
playing.... and Aieka
wanted to play, too.

"Yes... Yes ma'am..."

Ryoko poked a finger sharply at Aieka's cunt, causing her to squeel in pain.

"That's *mistress!*"

Aieka gasped.  Why did it feel so good?  Had she always been this way?  Had 
Ryoko?  Was it the
heat?  The water?  The sake?

"Yes, mistress... I enjoy being... fucked... by two women..."

Ryoko's fangs flashed in an evil grin.

"Good slave!"  Ryoko lowered her face to her enemy's dripping cunt.  "Now 
here's your
reward..."  Ryoko slowly began to lick at Aieka's soft and tender insides.  
She relished
the taste of Aieka's juices, which only continued to flow.  The more she 
licked, the more
cum ran out over her face.  All too soon, Ryoko stopped, causing Aieka to 
cry out in desire.

"Don't stop!!"  Aieka moaned.  Suddenly, the Ryoko holding her dissapeared, 
and then re-appeared
above her.  This one pushed her down and sat on her face, her bare feet 
holding Aikea's hands to
the ground.

"All your squirming has gotten me *very* wet, young lady!  Now you're going 
to *lick* my pussy
until I tell you to stop, understand!?"  Ryoko grinned evilly as the 
princess nodded into her
muff.  "Then get on with it!"  This Ryoko idily reached behind her and 
fondled Aikea's young
breasts as the other Ryoko lay down with her head alongside Aieka's cunt.

"Now then, princess...I an going to totally dominate you, got that?"  Ryono 
stuck three of her
fingers into Aieka's cunt, and shoved them in and out sharply three times, 
then withdrew again.
Aieka screamed in desire at the feeling.  She felt so *violated*  when Ryoko 
penetrated her like
that.  Ryoko did it again and again, making her feel the slow, sharp, cruel 
thrusts up her pussy.
It really felt like fucking, the way she was doing it.  Then again, how 
would Aieka know what
that felt like?

Then she felt Ryoko press a digit against her asshole, and suddenly she 
panicked.

"NO!! Not there!  Miss Ryoko, how DARE you!! I am a royal princess of 
Jurai... eep!"  Ryoko was
suddenly couched at her side, staring her in the eye.

"You *say* something, slave!?"  Ryoko grinned out of the corner of her 
mouth.

Slowly, very slowly, a playful grin also spread across the princess's face.

"No, mistress!  Not a word!"

"Good girl, that's what I thought." One Ryoko went back to between Aieka's 
legs, as the other
motioned for her to keep licking.  "Now, I am going to fuck you, slave, in 
the ass.  And you are
going to enjoy it. Understand?"

"Mmmmphh!! Yes, mistress!  Pleeeease fuck me hard in the ass!"  Aieka was 
totally absorbed in the
fantasy.  Such filthy words as she had never spoken before in her life 
spilled out of her mouth
as she felt herself penetrated in the ass for the fist time ever.

"Ooooh!! Oh, MISTRESS!! It hurts!  Ah! Ah!!" Aieka was really 
overexagerating, Ryoko knew.  She
wasn't doing it nearly hard enough to hurt all that much.  Aieka kept 
squirming and screaming as
Ryoko penetrated her.  It felt so delicioulsy wicked to Aieka.  "Please, 
msitress!" She giggled,
feeling seductive somehow.  "No more, mistress!  I beg of you! AAAAAHHH! 
AAAAAAAAAAAHHH!! YES!!!
Oh YES mistress YES!!!"  Aieka felt her vaginia clench and writhe as her 
juices began gushing out
of her, and Ryoko's fingers were clenched tight up her ass.  The Ryoko 
stradling her face seemed
to chosse this moment to release her own orgasm, and her pussy juices gushed 
all over Aieka's
flushed face.

"Oooooh... yeah!  Lick it all up, you ungrateful brat!" Ryoko cackled 
evilly.  When she finished
cumming on Aieka, Ryoko stood up and walked over to the other Ryoko.  She 
threw her leg over her
doppleganger's thigh and they kissed seductively, purring and rubbing hands 
along each others
bodies while eyeing Aieka the whole time.

Aieka stared in wonder, having just expreienced her fist orgasm from 
annother person.  To think
that it came from her worst enemy!  Oh, the shame at being seduced so!  The 
discraceful things
she had been made to say... and yet, as she watched the two Ryokos make out 
and wink at her
seductively, Aieka couldn't help but think that she wanted to do it again.

"Ryoko... Mistress... you won't tell anyone about this... will you...?"

The Ryokos smiled evilly.  "Hmmmm... I don't know... think we should let her 
keep her dignity?"
one asked.

"She *did* behave herself like a good slave.  I think she deserves something 
for that..."

"Yeah... but it seems a shame to let her off so easily now that we've got 
her obeying us..."

"Good point... All right, slave.  If you agree to do whatever we say from 
now on, we'll keep this
just between us girls."

Aieka's eyes shone.  "You mean... you want more?"

Ryoko laughed.  "But of *course!*  You'll be serving us whenever we want it, 
slave.  That's what
you wanted, right?  To be our whore?"  Ryoko's smile almost seemed...  
playfully affectionate.
Maybe even... loving?

Aieka looked down.  "But... Tenchi... you won't order me to give up 
Tenchi... will you...?"

Ryoko's two halves floated together.  "Aieka..." Ryoko said, her voice 
turning nice all of a
sudden, "It's just for fun... You don't have to do anything you really don't 
want to do...
Besides..."  Ryoko's voice turned back to normal.  "When I take Tenchi from 
you, it's gonna be
in the fairest of fights."  Aieka frowned, but Ryoko didn't allow her room 
to retort.  "Until
one of us wins his heart for good... what do you say we stay lovers... just 
while in the
bath?  Our little secret?"

"Well..." Aikea really couldn't see any other choice.  It had been so 
exciting, she couldn't
immagine never trying it again.  "Okay.  But I'm warning you right now, I'm 
NOT going to submit
anything to you in front of Tenchi!"

"Of course not, little miss princess." Ryoko grinned.  "Outside the bath, 
it's business as
usual.  Agreed?"

Aieka smiled, just as a hand tapped on her shoulder from beind.

Aieka spun around!

Just Ryoko.

Aieka giggled, as two warm bodies with incredible breasts sandwiched her 
between them.  "I guess
masturbation must be very intresting for one such as you," she said.

The Ryokos smiled, and both french kissed Aikea, rubbing toungues together 
with each other as
much as her.  "Lady, you don't now the half of it!"

