Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series
Episode 2!

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com I can use the flames to
heat my house.

!!!WARNING!!!: This is a lemon.  That means it's a text file whose sole 
purpose is to attract
hate e-mail from people who have nothing better to do all day but dig 
through porno sites and
their little brothers' computers and other places of ill repute, and act 
surprised by what they
find there.  Read at your own risk! If you hate this, I DON'T WANT TO HEAR 
ABOUT IT! COMPLAIN TO
WHOEVER MADE YOUR WEB CONTENT SCREENER THAT DOESN'T WORK!!!

EPISODE 2:
NO NEED FOR PARTNERS! (OR SWIMSUITS!!)

Kiyone sighed as she lay sprawled out on her futon, in short kahki shorts 
and a sleaveless white
top.  There was still so much work to be done.  She still had to finish the 
taxes and balance the
checkbook for the month. And then there were bills to be paid and an endless 
string of household
chores to do... not that their current apartment screamed "high 
maintinence," but still, it was
a lot to do between working three jobs. And even then they weren't making 
quite enough to make
ends meet... There were times when Kiyone just had to take a break and pray 
that there wouldn't
be a call from Galaxy Police HQ so she could rest for a bit. Now was 
definitely one of those
times.

"It's sooo hot!" Mihoshi complained, fanning herself where she sat in the 
corner, looking through
magazines of swimsuit ads. Mihoshi was dressed only in a pink bikini top and 
and a pair of jean
shorts.  "Say, Kiyone... do you think I'd look good in this one?"

Kiyone glanced up at the magazine, and groaned.  "Mihoshi, you're supposed 
to be cutting coupons,
not looking for something to spend more money on..."

"Oh... I'm sorry, Kiyoooone, "Mihoshi whined, "But it's sooooo hot today!  I 
can't concentrate on
a day like this, and I think we should both take a break."

Kiyone sighed.  A break from what? She was just laying around daydreaming, 
herself.  Mihoshi
probably wanted to go out and see a movie, or sing karaoke, but there just 
wasn't enough money
for such luxuries, and anyway, it was too hot to even think about leaving 
the house for the day.

"Tell you what," Kiyone said, "Why don't you go outside and work on your 
tan, and I'll just take
a nap. We can take it easy for just one day, I guess..."

Kiyone turned to face Mihoshi as she said this, and was startled to suddenly 
find the bronzed
blonde kneeling right beside her, an intensely cheerful look on her face.

"You're absoloutely right, Kiyone!" Mihoshi said happily, "and I know just 
what you need to feel
better in this heat!"  In one hand, Mihoshi held up a blue bikini bottom 
with ruffled straps...

"Eerrrr...." Kiyone got an I-don't-even-want-to-know look on her face as 
Mihoshi continued
to smile cheerfully.

=^w^=

"This was a great idea," Kiyone said, as she stretched out in the sun on an 
almost threadbare
beach towel, reading a romance novel.  She turned to Mihoshi, who was 
sunbathing next to her on
the deck.

"I knew you'd like it," Mihoshi said cheerfully.  "I always feel lots better 
after lying out in
the sun.  I just love the way it feels on my skin... so warm... lying in the 
sun makes me so
horny..."

Kiyone face-faulted as Mihoshi realized she'd just said something she should 
have kept to herself
in polite society.

"Oh my, how *embaressing!* I can't believe I just said that, Kiyone!" 
Mihoshi rolled over onto
her back and rested her chin on her hands.  Smooth, slender, rich brown skin 
glistened in the
sunlight.  Mihoshi reached behind her back and started to undo her top...

"Nani!? What are you doing, Mihoshi!?"

"What are you talking about? I always sunbathe nude, Kiyone. Didn't you 
notice that before?"
Mihoshi removed her bikini bottom as she was talking.

"Errrm..." Kiyone tried to think back to the last time Mihoshi had sunbathed 
at home. "I guess
I... hadn't really looked, actually..."

"You should do it too, Kiyone, that's how you wind up with no tan lines."  
Mihoshi stood up naked
and slowly turned for Kiyone. "See? Nice and smooth!"

"Ah..." Kiyone was blushing as she watched the show Mihoshi was giving her.  
<Gawd, what's wrong
with me today!?  Why am I staring at Mihoshi like this!? I can't *stand* 
Mihoshi!  And anyway, I
don't even like girls!!>  It never occured to her to wonder why Mihoshi was 
being such an
exhibitionist today.  For some reason, Mihoshi's flimsy excuses seemed 
plausible enough to
Kiyone, which should have told her something about the state of mind she was 
in...

"I couldn't... tan like that... what if somebody saw me? I'd be... 
embaressed! Besides, I burn!"

Mihoshi stepped over and knelt down next to Kiyone again.  Who on earth 
knelt with their legs
apart?  Why was she doing this? Did she know what she was doing to Kiyone, 
or was she just
naturally sexy?

<Sexy!? Did I just think that word!?>  Kiyone's mind raced in a panic as the 
sun continued to
warm her and the sweat continued to pour...

"Some suntan oil will keep you from getting sunburned," Mihoshi argued, 
undoing the strap on
Kiyone's top so she could squirt a little oil onto her back...  "And no one 
else will be around
to see you... you're not embaressed if I see you naked... are you?"  The 
last words were a
whisper.

Kiyone turned her face and looked up at Mihoshi.  Her eyes were fixed 
straight ahead, her face
vacant and expressionless as her hands moved to apply the suntan oil across 
her back... but the
insides of her eyes were emotional and deep.  Kiyone had seen that strangely 
composed look on
those rare occasions when she talked about Tenchi. And then again when she 
had finally found her
in their alternate universe together...

Mihoshi slid Kiyone's bikini bottom off, having finished with her back and 
shoulders.  She
noticed the large wet spot spoiling the crotch, but didn't say anything as 
she looked at it, and
then at Kiyone who stared back at her.

"Mihoshi...?"  Kiyone's voice full of nervousness and wonder.

"Kiyone... I... I don't know what to say to you..."  As she spoke, her hands 
hadn't stopped
moving, and she worked her way up Kyone's thighs to her smooth white ass and 
began massaging the
oil in well.

Kiyone moaned, feeling a little bit more of her wetness squelch out as 
Mihoshi's fingertip
brushed against her.  Finally, she gave up.  She just couldn't take this 
teasing anymore.  Kiyone
rolled over, so she was lying face-up on her blanket.

"Don't say anything, Mihoshi," Kiyone said softly, taking Mihoshi's hands 
and placing them on her
breasts.  "You can do... what you want... I think I understand..."

Mihoshi gasped, and turned her head sideways for a moment...  slowly, her 
slick, oil-covered
hands began to rub the soft mounds of Kiyone's breasts. Kiyone moaned at the 
sensations, unable
to control herself...

"I... I love you, Kiyone... You always take care of me, and... and..." 
Mihoshi was on the verge
of tears when Kiyone placed a hand on the back of her neck and pulled her 
head down for a deep
experimental kiss...

Mihoshi moaned into Kiyone's mouth as Kiyone's lips and toungue teased at 
her mouth.  The
blue-heaired policewoman ran her hands sensuously along the blonde 
bombshell's neck, shoulders,
and back, finally drawing her down into a slick, oily embrace.  Both girls 
could do little more
than kiss, and moan, and sigh at the feeling of so much slippery oiled skin 
against their own.

"MmmmmMMMMmmmmmmmmm...." Kiyone finally broke off their kissing session and 
rolled her partner
over onto her back.  Mihoshi stared and stared as Kiyone smiled down at her 
seductively ran a
fingertip along her own thigh, and dipped it gently into her own wet pussy.  
With great delicacy,
the rubbed herself gently and removed her finger. Then she stuck it in her 
mouth, and sucked it
clean, making obscene wet noises as she did so.

"Ohhh, Mihoshi!" Kiyone grinned, reaching down to tweak her partner's 
nipples.  "You're so sweet
to say that!" Mihoshi bit her lip as Kiyone decided to start teasing her.  
Kiyone ran her hand
down along Mihoshi's crotch and thighs, but barely even came close to 
touching her glistening
juicy pussy.  Mihoshi moaned and squirmed, causing a few drops of her cum to 
spit out from
between her juicy lips.

"Don't do that, Kiyone!!" Mihoshi wined... "No, I mean do it harder!!  But 
don't tease meee!
That's not fair!"  Kiyone spread Mihoshi's legs and began rubbing her palm 
in circles over her
partner's cunt.  When she removed her hand, she was pleased to see that her 
hand was covered in
juices, and Mihoshi's clit was bulged and pressed right up against her hand.

"Now..." Kiyone gently stroked her fingertips along Mihoshi's snatch as she 
rolled off of her and
got to her knees.  "What should I do with you now, Mihoshi?"  Kiyone kept 
her fingers going,
offering Mihoshi no real relief but keeping her juices flowing non-stop.  It 
was cruel and
effective torture for poor Mihoshi, who wanted to cum so badly at this 
point.

"Nngh...!  Don't make me say it... Grandpa always told me not to say words 
like that when I was
little... Ah!"

"Well you're a big girl now, Mihoshi," Kiyone cooed, "And you've been very 
naughty.  Do you want
me to do nasty adult things to you? Because if you do, you have to tell me. 
Say all the bad words
you can think of, Mihoshi." Kiyone smiled. She *liked* being naughty.  She 
really should have
tried it before...

"Uggh... I... I want you to FUCK me, Kiyone!!  AAAH!!"  Kiyone gasped and 
moaned in pleasure as
this confession earned her a finger up her pussy just for a moment...  
"I...I... I want you to
lick me... AH!! And... and put your fingers in me... AAAHH!!! And... um... 
what's it called where
you... um... in the bottom... of a... girl's... Ohhhh!  Ohh! Harder!! OW!! 
Aaaah!!!

Kiyone smiled evilly, sliding her fingers in and out of Mihoshi's eager 
cunt.  She leaned over
and kissed her clit as Mihoshi started to cum...

"Ooooh!! OOOOOHHHH!  AH AHH AHHH! YES!! KIYONE, YES!!  FUCK ME HAAAARD!!!" 
Mihoshi gripped
Kiyone's head between her thighs as she stradled her partner's face, rapidly 
creaming hot,
musky-smelling juices all over her as she came. Kiyone smiled, and felt her 
own pussy burning
with desire.  She stood up from Mihoshi, and crouched over her face, 
kneeling on one leg,
standing on the other.  She lowered her soaked crotch onto her partner's 
face.

"Heh heh... who says blondes get to have all the fun?" Kiyone was really 
getting into this. She
almost saw it as a way of punishing Mihoshi for all the misery she'd wrought 
in her life.  But at
the same time, her body cried out for orgasm, and she knew Mihoshi was 
enjoying this, too.  It
was part a game, part serious.  She hated Mihoshi, but she was really 
starting to like her...

"Mmmmm! Kiyone!" Mihoshi lapped and sucked and licked at Kiyone's pussy 
eagerly, working it
wherever she could with her toungue...  "This is *so* much fun, Kiyone!"  
Mihoshi started
fingering Kiyone, whose body responded violently quickly with a long, wet 
orgasm.

"AAAAAAAGGGHHH!!!"  Kiyone screamed as the climax rippled through her body 
for the first time
ever.  The only time she'd ever had time for sex had been way back in high 
school, and there had
not been much of it then.  No man had ever been able to do more than mildly 
arouse her, and many
times they'd hurt her trying... Mmmmm. But not Mihoshi.  This well-tanned 
slut definitely knew
exactly what she needed...

Either Mihoshi just had a natural talent for sex, or maybe the thought of 
being with a girl
turned her on more because it was so kinky and unusual...  Kiyone wondered, 
as she lay there
basking in the sun, spooning Mihoshi.  Was Mihoshi better because of what 
she felt in her mind...
or was it just her body?

Her mind....!?

<"It can instantaniously transform your entire personality!">

Kiyone's eyes bulged open.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHH!!!"


