Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com I can use the flames to
heat my house.

!!!WARNING!!!: What is the point of putting up a disclaimer? Sometimes
I think the only reason people put them on their fanfics is because it
is an extension of the art form. I mean, there are THOUSANDS of
websites FULL of XXX pictures that are being accessed every day by
children, despite all efforts to stop them. Will a disclaimer on a
simple text story really make such a big diffrence? I mean, what sites
are even going to archive this story, besides Hentai sites which have
warnings and Heat-Seaking, Automated Age Verification Systems of their
own? And as for the copyright thing, I have never once heard of someone
getting arrested because they used Ranma in a story that they claimed
was theirs. Have you? Oh well, this story contains sex and Tenchi Muyo
characters, SO THERE!!!

Oh yeah! One more thing! I do realize there is very little here to get
aroused over... this is kind of a prologue story. That way, i don't
have to come up with a plot for all the rest of the stories in the
series, I can just skip right to the good stuff. ^_^ Yet it will still
have a plot to it, sort of, if you have read this story. This is my first
Tenchi Lemon.  Hope you don't have too much trouble with the word wrap.
Enjoy!

EPISODE 1:
NO NEED FOR PROLOGUE!

Deep in the heart of her sub-space lab, Washuu's fingers flicked
tirelessly over the holographic keyboard floating in the air before her.
Her face was twisted into the mischevious grin of a woman about to see
her brilliant plans come to fruition.  It seemed she always had that
little smirk on her face when she neared the end of a project.  Indeed,
her moods followed a definite pattern when she was engrossed in her work.
When she first began a new project, she'd cackle evilly to herself,
thrilled with the ego trip of having concieved such a brilliant idea.
Later, when she was working out the details of whatever it was she was
bent on creating, her laugh would change to a serious look of
concentration. Finally, toward the end of her debugging phase, the sly
sinister smirk would spread across her face, which later gave way to a
toothy evil grin, as she pondered the possible applications of her new
invention...

To think, they had actually called her mad! To her face!! HER! The most
brilliant scientist in the universe! They'd called her cliche, too! Well,
SHE would certianly show THEM....

Finally, the screen flashed green.

"I'VE DONE IT!!!" Washuu let out a loud mad scientist cackle.  Upon
hearing their mistrtess's delight, the chibi-Washuus A and B immediately
sprang into action...

"The experiment is sucessful, Washuu!!"

"You are a genius, Washuu!!

"BWAA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAAAAA!!!" The kawaii, hi-pitched yet powerful
voice cackled evilly as the SuperDeformed mecha on her shoulders sang her
praise.

* * *

Sunlight streamed through the kitchen windows as Sasami served breakfast
that morning.

"Good morning, Lord Tenchi," Aieka said politely, sitting down next to,
but a respectful distance away from, the object of her desire, Tenchi
Masaki.  After all, she wasn't like *some* people, who would blatently...

"Hiya, Tenchi!"  Ryoko said, appearing like a ghost out of thin air and
landing between Tenchi and Aieka.  "Thank you *so* much for saving me a
seat, princess," Ryoko quipped, wrapping her arms around Tenchi
posessively.  "How about a good-morning kiss, Tenchi?" she purred and
snuggled up to him...

"Ryoko... cut it out!" Tenchi sounded midway between annoyed and afraid of
Ryoko's advances. "I'm trying to eat breakfast!"

"Great, everybody's here," Sasami said, setting out the rest of whatever
Japanese people have for breakfast. (I could look it up just to look smart,
but I don't feel like it.) "Now the only one who's missing is Washuu!"

"Um... I think I'll go get her," Tenchi said, squirming out of Ryoko's
grasp and grateful for the excuse to leave...

"Wait! Tenchi, come back!!" Ryoko whined. "I wasn't finished Ten-chiii!"

"Miss Ryoko!" Aieka practically shreiked, trying to sound shocked but
really sounding more jellous than anything,  "If Lord Tenchi has the
common sense not to show affection for a MONSTER like you, there's no
reason you should try to force him to!!"

Ryoko shrugged and picked at her serving of mitso soup or something like
that.  "I'll have you know there's a very good reason to try to force my
affections on Tenchi..."

Aieka hmmphed and daintily sipped at her tea, her nose held high in the
air. It was a tricky manuver to accomplish without getting half the
beverage down the front of her kimono. "And what might that be?" she asked
haughtily.

Ryoko smiled, a dreamy, faraway look in her eyes.

"'Cuz it's FUN."

* * *

"Erm, hello... Washuu?" Tenchi called into the darkness of Washuu's lab.
Strangely colored light gleamed off metal and glass surfaces, and odd
sounds echoed up from the depths of her lab. "Breakfast is ready!"
Somehow, no matter what part of the lab the door happened to set him down
in, Washuu never seemed to be within shouting distance.

"Well... I guess I'll have to go get her..." Tenchi steeled himself and
cautiously stepped into the darkness of the lab. Slowly, he walked towards
the part of the lab where most of the activity seemed to be centered. The
lights were brighter now and the sounds more clearly pronounced... he could
make out the beeps and whirrs and small explosions for what they were, apart
from the drone of machinery which seemed always to fill the lab. Gradually,
he drew closer. He continued to tred lightly, and to glance cautiously
around him as he walked. Still, no metal tenticals snaked out of the
darkness to capture him, no rubber-gloved hands grabbed him and tried to
force him into a chair, no sleeping gas hissed up from the floor to subdue
him for yet annother attept at collecting a "sample."

"Washuu!" he called, starting to sweat. It was too quiet... "Sasami has
breakfast ready..."

Just as he stepped around a corner, a voice very close to him called "Okay!
Be finished in 43.2 milliseconds!"

Tenchi jumped at least three feet and screamed.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!
WASHUU, DON'T DO THAT!!!"

Washuu pouted. "Ooh... I'm so sorry Ten-chi! I didn't mean to frighten
you..."  She got down off the floating pillow she had been perched on, and
walked over to Tenchi, grinning evilly. When she looked up at him like that,
Tenchi could definitely see the resemblance to Ryoko...

"What's wrong, Ten-chan?" Washuu grinned.

"Ummm... how much longer did you say it would be?" he fumbled nervously...

"Actually, the 43.2 milliseconds were up before I finished the sentance..."
Whashuu now had him backed into a corner, boxed in by a generator of some
sort, some neon-colored pipes... and herself.

"So... we can go now, right?" Tenchi asked, trying to find a way to slip
past Washuu without being tackled.

"No. there's something I want to show you first." Suddenly Washuu was very
businesslike. Tenchi calmed down a bit.

Washuu had retrieved a microphone from nowhere, and raised it to her lips...
"I give you, the latest scientific breakthrough from the greatest genius in
the universe..."

Fanfare trumpeted and spotlights shone on the young scientific wizzardess...

"The Type-H Personality Improvement Ray!!!"

In her hands Washuu proudly held up something that looked like a cross
between cupid's arrow and a Gundam hardsuit.

"You are brilliant, Washuu!"

"You're a genius, Washuu!

"The greatest in the universe!"

"Nothing can stop you, Washuu!"

Washuu just laughed and laughed and laughed...

"Oh! What's so funny?" asked Mihoshi

Washuu face-faulted. "I put a DNA-coded lock on that door especially keyed
to keep you out! How the heck did open that door, Mishoshi!?"

"Um... I turned the handle?" said Mihoshi, as confused as ever.

"Ooooh... never mind her, Tenchi! The point is, this ray is especially
designed to help you become a better person! It can instantaniously
transform your entire personality! Make you a better student, change how you
handle relationships, even modify your nutritional and recreational
preferences!

"Wow!" Mihoshi gasped. "Do you think it could make me a more competent
officer?"

"It certianly couldn't make you any less competent..." Kiyone muttered...

"AAAH!! KIYONE!? HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE!?"

Kiyone shrugged. "I followed Mihoshi in.  Wahsuu, do you think you could
um..." Kiyone faltered.  "what I mean is... uh... could you..."


"Oh yeah!" Mihoshi remembered what Kiyone was talking about, vaguely. "I
locked the keys in the Yagami again! Could you give us a hand?"

"Grrrrr...." Washuu banged her head against something really big and
metal.  "Can you guys *please* get out of here while I do this 
demonstration..."

"What demonstration?" asked Ryoko. Then, spotting Tenchi, she squeeled
happily and flew into his arms.

"Aaagh! C'mon, quit it Ryoko! People are watching!"

"Mmmmmmmmm... but didn't you miss me, Tenchi?" Ryoko snuggled against him
listening to his heart beat.

"That does it!!" Washuu yelled, "If one more person walks in here uninvited
I'm gonna scream!"

"MISS RYOKO! Take your *hands* off Lord Tenchi..."

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHH!!" Washuu screamed and dropped to her knees
melodramatically.

"So... what's up?" Ryoko asked.

"Well, Washuu invented this gun thats supposed to make people's
personalities diffrent or something, and she was going to demonstrate it on
Tenchi, or something like that," Mihoshi recited in a singsong voice...

"Demonstrate it on Tenchi?" Ryoko repeated. "But why? Tenchi has the
*perfect* personality! He's charming, and sweet..." Ryoko's voice trailed
off. "HEY! Wait a minute... can it make him less shy around women?"

"Ryoko!" Tenchi scolded, pulling himself out of her grasp, "That's NOT what
Washuu had in mind when she built this thing!"

Washuu's lip curled up again, exposing fangs set in an evil grin.

"Actually... I *did* invent this thing simply to see if it could be done..."
Washuu leveled what looked like the business end of the gun at Tenchi.
"However, I can think of no better field test for such a device!"

"WHAT!?" Tenchi backed away from Washuu, waving his arms as if getting ready
to block the guns beams by hand some how.  "Wahsuu! That's crazy! Hold on a
minute..."

"After all..." Washuu continued, "if it can temporarily make someone as shy
as Tenchi into a full-fleged pervert... well, the posibilities for personal
improvement are virtually without limit!!"

"I quite agree with Lord Tenchi," cried Aieka, "I cannot allow you to
experiment on him against his wishes!"

"Hey, back off Princess!" Ryoko growled, "I think this'd be a fun experiment
to try..."

The two girls growled for a moment and glared at each furiously. Just as the
sparks started to fly, a pale blue light shone over them and they both began
to shrink.

"Not in the lab," Washuu said, pointing to a machine-printed alluminum sign
on the wall:

ABSOLOUTELY *NO* FIGHTING IN THE SUB-SPACE LAB!!!
(VIOLATORS WILL BE TURNED INTO WATER SPRITES.)

"Kappa! Kappa Kappa!" complained Aieka and Ryoko from the floor.

"OH, HOW KAWAII!!!" exclaimed  Mihoshi and Sasami in unison.


"SASAMI!?" Washuu colapsed on the floor. "That's it! I'm using this thing
before anyone else comes in here unannounced!!"

"What is it?" asked Sasami.

"Don't worry," Washuu said, "Just a little something to make Tenchi more
comfortable around Aieka and Ryoko."

<Heh heh... this'll also make it a *lot* easier to get that sample out of
him...>

"Oh, that's good," Sasami said, "I was starting to worry about him."

"Washuu..." Kiyone began in a responsible tone, "If Tenchi doesn't want
to..." Kiyone tried to step forward, but a heavy duty mechanical arm
restrained her.

Washuu laughed evilly, and fired the ray. A deep pink light suffused the
room...

Tenchi held up his arms in panic.  What was it going to do? How much would
it change him, anyway? Surely it wouldn't... it COULDN'T make him as bad as
his father, could it?

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!" He yelled desperately, "WASHUU!! STOP THIS!!!!"

"It's working!" cried Washuu, tingling in excitement!  It was probably the
most improbable thing she'd done yet! Making Tenchi Masaki hentai!!

"AAAAAARGH!!! NO! I WON'T LET YOU!!!!!"

"TENCHI!!!"

There was a bright flash as energy filled the room. Then there was a loud
explosion that shook the whole room...

* * *

"Washuu! Washuu, please wake up!!"  Tenchi shook Washuu again...

"Owww... my cerebellum..." Washuu complained... "What the heck happened!?"
Aside from her head, Miss Washuu seemed unhurt. Her spine seemed to tingle a
bit, but nothing seemed wrong with her nervous system, so she passed it off
as shock and concentrated on the business at hand.

Washuu sat up and looked around the lab. There was light damage to
everything in the room, but it looked as if nothing important had been
totally destroyed...

"Oh NO!! The Type-H Personality improvement Ray!!!" It lay in a melted
puddle on the floor, except for the now-useless heat-proof handle of the
gun. "What happened to it!?"

Nobody in the room looked hurt, but everyone was singed or dazed from the
explosion. Everyone except...

"Tenchi!? How come you weren't damaged at all?" Then she suddenly stopped.
"How do you feel?"

Tenchi rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "Um... actually, about like
normal, Washuu. Sorry about that, but it seemes to me that your invention
didn't work..."

"Awwww.... TENCHI!!!!" Washuu thudded her head against the ground in
dispair...  "I worked really hard on that!!"

Kiyone broke up laughing. The cruel, haughty, but painfully fair laugh of
justice being served.

"Well, I for one say it serves you right!" Kiyone declared, "Trying to mess
with poor Tenchi's personality like that! In fact, I've got half a mind to
bring you up on charges...." Kiyone began to glow blue as she childed the
defeated Washuu...

"You HAVE got half a mind," Washuu replied irritatedly, "But compared to
everyone else around here, that's a lot!"

"KAPPA!?" Kiyone shouted angrilly.

"OH HOW *ADORABLE!!"  cried Sasami and Mihoshi!

* * *

Washuu dumped the melted remains of the Personality Improvement Ray into the
automated recycle bin. Not one key component could be salvaged. Something
had interfered with the ray's correct functioning, that was for sure.  She
didn't know what it was yet, but somewhere in the computer log she knew
she'd find an answer.  It would take a long time to find it, though.  Truth
be told, she didn't know what COULD have caused the gun to just explode like
that.

<I'm sorry Tenchi,> she said to herself, <but WHY do you have to be so
irrational about this!?>

As her thoughts turned to Tenchi, she drifted off right there, floating in
mid-air on her pillow. working for days on end did that to her.  Even after
a failed experiment, her body submitted to the rest she had been denying
herself for days. It happened every time, once the pressure was off.

As she began to dream of Tenchi, her hand drifted inexplicably down to
between her legs...

*HOW* she wished she could get that sample!

=^w^=
