Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com.

WARNING!  This is a lemon fanfiction (as if the first four in the series 
didn't clue you in on
that) , and, well, it has Sasami in it.  In fact, it STARS Sasami, and in 
the end she does end
up sleeping with someone. ^_^  Original, huh?  Hope you like it.  This lemon 
is deticated to
Happosai, and to everyone else who cringes at the thought of Sasami-based 
lemons.  I encourage
people who hate Sasami fanfics to read this one all the way through.

Oh yeah, one other thing.  People keep telling me that I shouldn't spell the 
princess's name
"Aieka."  Well, I don't care!  Excuse me if I'm not as smart as Washuu.  
Ryohko wouldn't care
how to spell Aieka's  name, and neither do I.   This is my Tenshi Muyo 
fanfic, and I, WarpZoan,
can spell the names however I want to.  No need to start a Sunami of hate 
mail over it.  Now,
on with the Sassammi story!

*=I made this food up.

EPISODE 4:
NO NEED FOR PEDOPHILES!

Sasami twisted and squirmed in her sleep, caught in the grip of a very 
potent dream.
Repeatedly, her mouth opened and closed, mouthing a single name.  Finally, 
her voice passed
her lips, giving sound to the name that filled her thoughts.

"Tenchi..."

The sound of her own voice awoke Sasami.  She opened her eyes and realized 
that it had only
been a dream.  Sasami blinked in surprise.  The sheets were twisted around 
her arms and legs
in some places.  She was flushed and sweaty.  Sasami realized that she felt 
slightly tingly
in a way that she couldn't quite describe.

Sasami tried to remember what the dream was about, but couldn't.  "It must 
have been annother
nightmare," she mused.  She was glad she couldn't remember this one.  Sasami 
rolled over on the
sleeping mat, and got up to start the day.

Sasami's eyes widened.  The crotch of her pajamas was completely soaked 
through!

=^w^=

After taking a bath, Sasami dumped her bedsheets into the washing machine, 
along with Aieka's,
just in case anyone should walk by and wonder what she was up to.  Sasami 
still wondered about
the sticky warm slime she had found herself soaked with that morning.  She 
had only had very
small wet spots on her panties before, but they had been appearing more 
frequently over the past
few days.  Most often, they happened whenever she thought about boys, 
especially Tenchi.  Sasami
had sometimes seen the same thing on Aieka's underwear when she washed it, 
and she remembered
embaressing her big sister one day when she asked if it meant she was 
thinking about Tenchi,
too.  Aieka had told her to stop asking about such things, and she she 
hadn't mentioned it
again.  There were quite a few other things she had never asked her sister 
about because of
her reaction that day.

Sasami felt a slight tingle.  It felt like the wetness was starting to creep 
out of her again.
Sasami made sure nobody was looking, then lifted the hem of her skirt.  A 
tiny drop was already
starting to appear.  Sasami blushed.

This could be a real problem if it started happening all the time.  Did it 
mean she was growing
up?  Becoming more like her big sister?  Did Aieka go through the day slowly 
moistening, from the
time she got up?  Was that why she had seen absorbant pads advertised for 
women on Earth
television?  Was this normal?  If it was, she didn't see how anybody ever 
got anything done, it
was so distracting.  Maybe that was why her sister was so cranky all the 
time...

Sasami shook her head.  She had so many questions, she wished her sister had 
been more willing to
talk about it and not been so embaressed.  But it would have to wait until 
later.  It was time to
fix breakfast.

*>>>

"That was so good, Sasami!"  Mihoshi giggled.

Sasami brightened.  "Did you really think so?"

"I agree with Mihoshi," Kiyone said, ruffling the younger princess's hair.  
"I think this was
probably the best I've had in my life."

"Well, thank you."  Sasami smiled.  She was glad everybody had liked her 
breakfast; she had found
it difficult to concentrate while preparing breakfast, and was worried that 
she might have made a
mistake.

"It was absoloutely delicious, Sasami," Aikea said.

"Are there any more red sweet bean paste cake buns* left?" Ryoko asked.

"Miyaaa," Ryo-ohki chimed in.

Aieka helped clear the table as Tenchi and the others left to start the day.

"Guess I'll go take a bath," Ryoko said, glancing pointedly at Aieka.

Aieka was really annyoed when her heart seemed to skip.  "Just a sceond... I 
think I'll join you
Mis... erm... miss Ryoko."

Sasami smiled as she did the dishes, thinking about Tenchi.  She hummed the 
"Sailor Q Super"
theme to herself as she washed those little triangular dish thingies that I 
don't know what
they're called.  Suddenly she felt a brush against her inner calve and 
almost jumped.

"Miyaaa!!"

"AH!! Ryo-ohki!  You startled me!" Sasami game the cabbit a cookie and a pat 
on the head.  "What
is it?"

"Miyaa...miyaaa."  The cabbit morphed into a little girl.  "Miyaa!!"

"Oh... Ryo-ohki... do you want to help?  Is that it...?"  Sasami handed 
Ryo-ohki a towel, and
watched in wonder as the cabbit-turned-girl helped her dry the dishes.

"That's terrific," Sasami cried, "I always knew you could do stuff like 
this, Ryo-ohki!  The
others just don't see it 'cuz they think of you as a pet..." Sasami guessed 
Ryoko probably knew
how smart her ship was... She wondered if Tenchi knew that Ryo-ohki could do 
things more
complicated than carrying bushels of carrots for him?

"Tenchi..."  Sasami sighed as she thought about Tenchi.  An image popped 
into her mind of one
time when she had seen Tenchi shirtless.  Sasami blushed and tried to banish 
the image, but she
just couldn't stop thinking about it, and how cute he looked, and a feeling 
much more alien to
her that she couldn't even begin to understand...

Sasami gasped as she felt something cold against her thigh.  She looked down 
and realized that
there was a damp spot soaked all the way through her skirt, that it had 
cooled in the air and was
now cold and wet when it touched her skin.

"EEEP!!"  Sasami dropped her rag and ran from the kitchen, covering the wet 
spot ashamedly with
both hands.  "I'll be right back!" she called to the cabbit.

"Miyaa...?"  Ryo-ohki carefully set down the dish she had been drying, 
turned into cabbit-form,
and bounded down the hall after her favorite person.  She was worried about 
Sasami.

[o==]{

Sasami tried to relax as she gathered up her bath things in a small wooden 
pail.  Ryo-ohki had
phased through the door just as she tied the sash on her clean skirt.  She 
had quickly finished
the dishes, then excused herself for another bath.  She wanted to wash this 
sticky stuff away
and never feel it again.  It was uncomfortable and, well... embaressing.

Sasami groaned as she thought about how she wasn't supposed to think about 
Tenchi, and then of
course that called up an image of his smiling face.  Sasami sighed.  she 
realized with a start
that she had been sitting on the floor with her bath things for many 
minutes, and that her
panties were once again drenched.

Sasami smiled.  The strange sensation sure felt good.  If only it didn't 
make such a mess, Sasami
wouldn't have minded it one bit.  For just a moment she felt a little bit 
ashamed at
enjoying something that she should have been disgusted at... then that's 
when it hit her. It was
something that felt good but also kinda guilty...  It must have something to 
do with sex!

She had heard of sex, of course.  But she didn't know or understand anything 
about it.  What
little she had been privy to had come largely from Earth TV, before Washuu 
had adjusted the set
to pick up galactic standard programming, (Well, why did YOU think they were 
watching a soap
opera about two giant penguis!?) which had caused her (and the rest of the 
alien visitors, for
that matter,) to loose interest in Eath's truly banal television 
programming.

In any case, Aieka had refused to answer any of her questions on the 
subject.  Then one day,
Aieka had confronted sasami, and asked her if she was really growing up this 
fast, and if she
truly needed answerers to these questions.  Aieka had told her, almost 
tearfully, that the
only one who could properly explain these things would be her mother.  
Sasami had realized
what that would mean.  The vacation on Earth would have to end, Sasami and 
Aieka would return
to Jurai, and Aieka would never see Tenchi again.  Sasami didn't want that, 
for she could also
see that her sister was in love with Tenchi.

So she curbed her tongue and said no, she was just curious, and after that 
day she didn't try to
solve the mysteries for herself.  She resolved to avoid Earth TV shows where 
she knew she could
see small bits of sex.  She had been very young then, as she was very young 
now, and it hadn't
really intrested her at all, except out of curiosity.

Now Sasami found herself wondering if she could remember what it had looked 
like, that one
time.  She had hardly gotten a glimpse before Tenchi had come in, yelling 
something at his
father about watching these things when she was around.  It had looked 
like... two naked
people... hugging?  Sasami wondered what it would feel like to hug Tenchi 
like that...

Sasami gasped as a shiver ran through her.  She had to stop daydreaming and 
go take her bath!!

(:.)XXXXX{{

Sasami wished she could think of any boy other than Tenchi, but he was 
really the only boy she
had ever known well enough to admire... certianly the nicest boy she had 
ever known.  She wanted
Aieka to be happy with him, but sometimes... she wondered what it would have 
been like in her
perfect world, if things had been allowed to continue just a little while 
longer...

Sasami silently slid open the door to the bath.

"Mmmmm... mmph.. Ryoko..."

"Oh, Aieka!"

Sasami silently slid closed the door to the bath.

THAT is what it would have been like, she thought!  Except that Ryoko and 
Aieka probably would
have been clothed...  at least until they got home.  Sasami opened the door 
and took annother
peek.  Her eyes widened as the two of them kissed and touched each other...  
why was Ryoko
wearing a black mask?

Sasami got ahold of herself as she realized her sister might catch her 
looking.  Aieka's eyes
were closed, and Ryoko's back was turned, but for how long?  She didn't want 
Aieka to catch her
watching her have sex, it might mean that she would have to go back to 
Jurai.  And that was even
before the turmoil of her emotions entered into it...

Sasami closed the door again and sat back on her knees.  She could feel it, 
the warm, sticky,
strange-smelling fluid trickling down her leg.  Desperately, she ran into 
her room and wiped away
what she could with kleenex.

She had to get out of here so she could relax.  Thinking about Tenchi was no 
longer a problem;
she had to forget about what she had just seen in the bathroom!

=~,~=

Sasami walked the endless halls of Washuu's lab, an affectionate cabbit 
perched atop her head.

"At least now I know why Aeika and Ryoko fight all the time," she thought to 
herself. "I wonder
if they're really in love, or just going out..."  Sailor Moon, Ranma 1/2, 
and Those Obnoxious
Aliens had accustomed her young mind to the idea of diffrent kinds of 
romances... she had just
never thought it through before that Zoicite and Maramou were probabaly 
having sex.  Now she
felt that she had somehow betrayed Aieka even by realizing this.  But... she 
couldn't keep her
ignorance forever... right?  It was normal to go through these things as you 
got older... so
she had to learn about it sooner or later... right?  So what if it was 
*quite* sooner than
even she had expected?

Sasami sighed sadly and stared into a tank of what looked to be glowing 
green jellyfish with
dull red cores.  Maybe if she didn't go back to Jurai and hear it from her 
mother, she wouldn't
ever understand sex.

"You know," Washuu said, "They could drain the energy out of your body in a 
matter of seconds!"

Sasami smiled a little bit, and turned to find Washuu behind her, half a 
head shorter.  "That's
what you said about the Paramites," she smiled.

"Heh heh heh..." Washuu floated up on a pillow and looked sasami in the eye. 
  "No no, the
Paramites drain your bodily fluids...  these little fellas are much more 
elegent in their
attack..." Washuu's voice went to an evil melodramatic rasp, which only made 
Sasami giggle.
"They stalk their prey silently by drifting on air currents... then they 
latch onto your head...
and drain the energy slowly from you at the molecular level!  They can suck 
the power right out
of life forms, machinery..." Washuu's voice went to a whisper... "even 
forcefields!"

Sasami's eyes went wide with alarm!  The only thing that kept her from 
taking Washuu's lab pets
seriously was the fact that there were always forcefields seperating them 
from herself!

"Heh heh heh... however, in their natural larve state they are extremely 
physically weak!  Even a
pane of glass will stop them!"

Sasami sighed in relief, then began to laugh...  "That was mean of you, 
Washuu!" Sasami's warm
giggle betrayed her words.  "But it did help me to forget about my 
problem... thanks."

"Any time."  Washuu petted Ryo-ohki on the head.  "So, is this problem 
anything the Greatest
Genius in the Universe can help you with...?"

Sasami smiled nervously and turned away...  she blushed slightly.  "Um... 
actually, Washuu...
it's kind of something that I don't think you could help me with... you 
see... it's about...
um..."  Sasami leaned over close to Washuu.  "...sex," she whispered.

Washuu smiled, and chuckled sadly to herself.  When would these petty 
mortals learn that there
was no knowlage that was beyond her grasp?

>}0{<

Sasami smiled as she closed the door to Washuu's sub-space room.  She felt 
much better now than
she had in a long time.  Washuu was just great.  Incredible, even.  She had 
very carefully and
quietly explained all about sex and growing up to the young princess, in 
words that she could
understand and a soothing voice.  She was a great teacher.  Sasami was no 
longer afraid of the
changes taking place in her body.  She knew for sure that what was happening 
was natural and
normal, and she kind of had an idea what to expect as she continued to 
blossom.  It was okay now,
and she knew it was true, because the smartest lady in the universe had told 
her so.

Sasami had then asked Washuu if she was actually too young to be going 
through this.  But no, she
had learned, it would have been impossible for her to feel the stimulation 
she had been feeling
all day if she were TOO young.  She was, however, definitely ahead of 
schedule.

Washuu said that the Juraian coming-of-age was not nessessarily the right 
time for everybody to
become sexually active.  She said it was an immaginary age that grownups 
used for a reference
point, that it had to do with how old someone needed to be in order to have 
kids, and also it
had to do with how mature the adults thought their children had to be in 
order to live
responsibly.  She also had said that the target age (and the degree to which 
it was enforced)
varied from culture to culture.  That on Earth, the accepted age even 
differed with the locality,
that it was usually somewhere between 16 and 18, and that 100 years ago on 
earth it had
been around 10 to 12.  She added that it had been a pet theory of hers that 
it was linked to
the level of civilization a people had, and that she had written a really 
brilliant essay on
it that she promised Sasami could read someday, if she studied very very 
hard in the meantime
and built up a big vocabulary.

Sasami smiled as she sat down in front of the TV.  It was almost time for 
her to feed her latest
Earthling TV addiction, (okay, so there were a *very* select few programs 
she would tune into
Earth television for...) Pikachu!

(... or was it called Pokemon?  shit... I need to start getting up early... 
can you believe they
put it on at 5 am!?  This is exactly what happened with Dragon Ball Z.  They 
CAN'T put it on in
the afternoons, NOOOOO, THAT spot goes to Samurai Pizza Cats, of all 
children's anime!!!)

The commercial she happened to flip onto was advertising skin.  No, strike 
that, it was actually
advertising a heath club.  But there was so much skin filling the screen, 
and it belonged to so
many attractive people, that Sasami could barely see parts of the health 
club.

Sasami squirmed as she pressed her legs together, trying to ignore the 
juices as they squelched
from their hiding place.  "I forgot to ask Washuu what to do about this..." 
she sighed sadly.

Sasami didn't want to miss a minute of Pikachu, so she just sat there glued 
to the screen,
pretending she didn't notice the wetness between her thighs.  By the time 
the mid-way commercial
break came, her arousal had long since faded, and there was nothing left but 
a little hint of
dampness.

It wasn't until the commercial that she wondered where Ryo-ohki had slipped 
away to.

===G%P===

Aieka gasped as she withdrew her hand from Sasami's shoulder.  "WHAT!?"

"I asked Washuu about sex... And she explained everything to me, Aieka... 
so... it's okay.  you
don't have to worry about leaving Tenchi so I can hear the same speach from 
mom."

"So you could tell that was what worried me..." Aieka looked down at her 
hands wearily.  "I keep
forgetting how clear your vision is, Sasami... just like your mother... 
you'll make a worthy
queen some day..."

"Oh, I don't want to do that," she said.  "It would be so booring..." Sasami 
shook her head.
"Well, I'm not going to worry about that.  What's important is that you 
don't have to leave yet!"

"Yes..." Aieka smiled. "Yes.  You're absoloutely right, Sasami.  Thank you."

Sasami hugged her sister.  "You're welcome, Aieka.  And I just know you'll 
be happy no matter who
you choose, Tenchi or Ryoko!"  Sasami happily skipped out of the room.

Aieka sat there silently for a few minutes while it sunk in.  Then she 
burried her face in her
hands, mortified beyond belief.

"SASAMIIIII!!!"  Aieka wailed into her hands.

Then anger kicked in.

"RYYYYOOOOOO-KOOOOOOOO!!!" she growled, clenching her fists.

\
_>>=}--

A small explosion wracked the kitchen just as Sasami was getting ready to 
start dinner.

"AAAAAHH!!" Sasami shrieked as she was tossed from her feet.  She was 
surprised when she landed
in tenchi's arms.

Her heart stopped momentarily as he looked into her eyes.

"Are you alright?" Tenchi asked.  Sasami could only breathe in response.  He 
had caught her in
his arms, and was now carfully supporting her, with his hands under her legs 
and shoulder area.
his face close to hers.

Tenchi sudenly noticed there was something warm and wet against his hand.  
He almost dropped the
princess in shock, then set her down carefully on the floor.  He wiped off 
his hand on a paper
towel.

"Um... sorry, Tenchi..." Sasami said in a small voice, looking away redly.

"Uh... that's okay," Tenchi said, rubbing the back of his head absently.  
"Sasami, does that
happen, um... often to you?"

"Oh, no," Sasami said, "It's just today that it's been really bad for the 
first time.  I had a
talk with Washuu, though, so it's okay... I know what's going on..." she 
looked up at Tenchi
innocently.  "I forgot to ask her how to stop it, though..."

Tenchi tried not to smile at the embaressed look on her face, then he tried 
to smile
reassuringly, then he tried to stop smiling because he was worried it would 
just look like
a stupid grin after all that preemptive thought about how it would look.  It 
turns out he
needn't have worried, for the animators drew all three expressions the same 
way.

"Come with me," Tenchi said, taking her gently by the hand.  "I can show you 
how to get some
relief..."

Sasami's ears turned bright red as she let Tenchi lead her to his room.  
"Umm... okay..." she
said, feeling like she was floating.

O_O!

Sasami left Tenchi's room feeling more relaxed than she had in days.

"That was just incredible, Tenchi,"  she told him as she prepared dinner 
that evening.  "And your
Grandpa taught you that?"

"Yes," Tenchi said, "It always helps me whenever I feel... erm... that way."

Sasami smiled brightly.  Tenchi had taught her a meditation technique that 
relaxed her and
cleared her mind of dirty thoughts.  Now she knew what she could do whenever 
her fantasies became
too strong for her.

"Thank you, Tenchi," she said, giving him a light kiss on the cheek.

------=<B

Sasami brushed her teeth.  She changed into a nightgown.  She said the 
prayers appropriate to
whatever religion she is.  (Buddhist?  Shinto?  Christian?  Something 
Jurian?  Self-worship
because she's Tsunami???)  She made her sister's sleeping mat for her, just 
in case she felt
like going to bed right away after her two-hours-and-counting bath.

In other words, Sasami was getting ready for bed.

Suddenly, there was a horrible screeching noise.  Sasami had no idea what it 
could be, it sounded
like a car with a broken police siren slamming on its breaks while running 
over a group of very
loud cats, except it happened slower and lasted a lot longer than such a 
noise really would, if
it had happened.

Curious, Sasami peeked out of the window, only to find Ryo-ohki standing on 
the roof.  She was
naked, in older humanoid-girl form, and stood staring up at the stars, with 
tears running down
her cheeks slowly.  Before Sasami could say anything, Ryo-ohki made the 
sound again.

"Ryo-ohki!  What's wrong?"  Sasami asked.  Ryo-ohki pouted and turned her 
head to look at Sasami,
then looked back up at the night sky.

"Oh," Sasami said, realizing, "You miss Ken-ohki, don't you?"

"Miyaa..."  The older girl nodded sadly, and stepped inside the window to be 
with her Sasami.

Sasami sighed.  Ryo-ohki didn't strike her as the type that would be able to 
meditate well.
Suddenly Sasami had an idea of what might cheer Ryo-ohki up.

"I know," Sasami said, "I saw Aieka doing this once and it cheered her 
up..."  Sasami walked
over to Aieka's underwear drawers, and carefully removed something from the 
very bottom without
disturbing anything.  It was about a foot long, bright pink, and was made of 
smooth, slick
rubber. It had a slight buldge at one end and a switch on it.  This was 
annother one of the
things Sasami had not asked Aieka about, but since her chat with Washuu, she 
had a pretty good
idea what it was used for.

Ryo-ohki immediately brightened and tried to bite into it.  "NO!" Sasami 
cried, "it's not a
carrot!!"  Sasami put it in Ryo-ohki's hand and lowered her hand to her 
crotch.  She pointed it
the right way.  "It goes in here," Sasami said, "and you're supposed to turn 
it on."

Ryo-ohki looked down at the thing and then back at Sasami.  "Miyaa...?"  she 
said, a look of
intense curiosity on her face.

Sasami smiled.  "You can go use it in the spare room," she said, "nobody's 
using it right now."

Ryo-ohki phased through the wall and left quickly to try the strange device 
out.  Moments later,
Sasami heard the cabbit making noises similar to the ones Aieka had made.  
It certianly sounded a
lot better than the noises she had made on the roof.  After about twently 
minutes of this, the
sounds died down.  Sasami smiled.  She was glad she could help Ryo-ohki feel 
better.

A few minutes later, a grey blur wisked in through the door and under 
Sasami's covers.  Sasami
giggled as it crawled up to the pillow.  She kissed the little furry cabbit 
on the nose, and went
to sleep, and her dreams that night were peaceful ones.

