Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com.

WARNING!  Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Lemon!
Lemon! Lemon! Lemon! Carrot. =^_^=


EPISODE 4:
NO NEED FOR Tenticales!

Washuu smiled as the computer simulation took form in the holographic
field before her.  A small patch of light floated before her,
replicating a section of her lab down to the smallest detail.  Images of
herself, Tenchi, and the other women spoke and moved about, every detail
meticulously re-created from security recordings, sensor readouts of
other experiments, computer-model algorithms, and Washuu's own brilliant
deductions.  A small timer floated in the top-northwest quadrant of the
display, showing a timer counting down from minus-twelve seconds.  The
image of Washuu lovered a gun at tenchi and pulled the trigger.

"Nooooo! I won't let you..." Tenchi cried as the image flashed white and
the counter reached zero and began counting up.

"There it is!" Washuu rewound the simulation and started again, this
time switching the view from visible light mode to H-radiation mode. 
H-waves radiated from the gun in a cone-shaped path towards Tenchi...
then suddenly flickered around his figure in a sphereical pattern...
then H-waves shot out in all directions from around tenchi, and the gun
began to overload...

"So that's it! Tenchi used the Light Hawk Wings!" Washuu was excited,
and in more ways than one.  Brillinat discoveries seldom excited her
body to this degree unless Tenchi was involved, but still... to think,
he had actually used the powers of the Light Hawk right in her lab! 
With her monitoring equipment watching!  Oh, if only she'd had her
dimmensional sub-space satelite pointed at this planet when it had
happened... but, alas, it had been floating over the third planet of her
lab when the incident occured.

Oh well, now she knew why Tenchi hadn't been affected, as well as why
the gun had malfunctioned.

It also explained why she had been feeling so damn horny recently.

"Well well, mission accomplished, as ususal!" Washuu giggled to
herself.  Then, she suddenly stopped.  It was too quiet.

"HEY!  What's wrong with you guys!?"  Wahsuu emptied her pockets,
spilling, among other things, two totally inactive, super-deforemed
Washuu dolls.  "Speak to meeeee!  Praise me!  I command you!"

Washuu noticed something else that had fallen out of her pockets.  It
was about two feet long, covered with bumps and had a big buldge at one
and, and a slight corkscrew shape to the tip...

"Oh yeah... I forgot, I took out their batteries for this thing..."
Washuu snuggled the vibrator, which was still a bit sticky from the last
time she had used it.  "A deviant lab worker's best friend!  But I'm not
in the mood for you right now..." Washuu removed the batteries and
dropped the custom-designed vibrator into a hole in space.  She put the
batteries into the two Chibi-Washuus, and flipped their switches on.

"The investigation has been concluded!"  she announced to their cheers, 
"I am going to celebrate by visiting the Hemorphopod Scion.  You are to
wait here until my return.  See you in a few.... in five hours."

"Farewell, mistress!"  Both the chibi-washuu mechas cooed.  "Have fun
playing with your pet, Washuu!"  "We'll miss you, Washuu!"  they each
screamed in turn.

"Heh heh heh..."  Washuu cackled evilly to herself.  "It's been a
while... I bet he's grown so..."

=^w^=

Washuu stepped up to the edge of the catwalk, which ended in a sheer
dropoff.  For miles below, the meatl-walled cylindrical holding tank
below her stretched, so deep that the bottom was shrouded in darkness. 
The metal ledge she stood at was at the top of the tank.  Behind her,
she heard the door hiss shut and lock.  For some reason, the idea of
being sealed in with the creature always made it that much more fun to
her.  She had no idea why.  Wasn't she always safe with such a tame
creature, either way?  Couldn't she get out at any time, by overriding
the lock?  Maybe it was the fact that she herself was locking the door
that made her panties get just a little bit wetter.

Washuu blushed as she considered her current attire.  She was dressed,
head to toe, in a classic schoolgirl's sailor fuku.  From the innocent,
virgin-white cotton panties and training bra to the socks to the ribbon
in her hair.  Her skirt hung down modestly past her knees, and on her
face she wore a small, petite pair of reading glasses.  In her hands she
carried a bento tied with a string.  She looked the very picture of
innoncence.

Only two creatures could ever suspect that beneath Washuu's innocent
constume, her panties were slowly getting a wet spot on them from her
sexual arousal, and one of those creatures was Washuu.

The other one slowly awakened from it's sleep.

Washuu could hear it slowly slithering up the walls. One by one,
tenticles began to appear from the dark pit, hanging onto the sides of
the tank and climbing, pulling the bulk of the creature up from its
resting place at the bottom of its tank.  Slowly, the main bulk of the
creature made itself apparent, a writhing mound of tenticles, some as
much as a foot thick, most as narrow as one or two inches.  They were
all connected together, somewhere.  What looked like a pit filled with
slithering snakes was actually, Washuu knew, all one gaint creature.  It
was her pet she had genetically engineered, raised, and trained
lovingly.  It knew its mistress well. And it was only too eager to play
with her.

"Ooooh, what IS this thing!?"  Washuu moaned in a sarcastic little
girlie voice, "Some kind of horrible monster!  Stay back! What do you
want from me?"  Washuu cringed sadronically and put her hands to the
sides of her face, as tenticles wrapped around her wrists and ankles and
carefully lifter her from her perch on the catwalk.

"No!  Stop, let me go!" Washuu screamed with a big grin on her face, and
started to kick and scream and struggle uselessly.  One of her shoes
fell off from her efforts, and she watched it drop into the pit. 
"Help!  A big, slimy monster's got me!  It's big and gross with *all*
these tenticles! *What* is it going to do to me!?"  As she spoke, she
felt more tenticles grabbing her, and pinning her arms behind her back,
and spreading her legs so she couldn't kick.  And some tenticles snaked
around her waist to help stop her squirming.  Washuu's panties were
soaked as she felt herself totally helpless, even to squirm.

"Oh, you're so *mean!*" Washuu moaned, "What do you *want* from me?"  As
if in answer, Washuu felt the first of the tenticles rubbing tenderly
along her inner thigh.  Ooh, yeah... this was a bad monster...  Washuu
felt the tenticles snake under her blouse and up her skirt, and heard
the fabric ripping as the creature literally tore the innocent
schoolgirl's clothes off her young body.  She started to scream again
as, with a bit of rubbing, it managed to get loose her bra straps, and
one tenticle started to work its way into her panties.  She could see
the tenticles clearly, now... and every single one ended in a big, hard,
nasty cock.  Washuu moaned as all the penises started to rub against her
body and they stripped off the rest of her clothing, except for the
socks.

"Oooooohhhh... what are you doing?"  She moaned, feeling oh-so-naughty. 
"No, don't touch me *there!*  I'm saving my virginity for... AH!" 
Washuu moaned, with hearts in her word bubbles, as the first cock-tipped
tenticle penetrated her pussy with a loud, wet slurp.  "Nooooh, oh how
*disgusting!*" Washuu moaned, her eyes closed in bliss.  Other tenticles
were rubbing her all over, sliming her with warm wet pre-cum as the
monster grew excited fucking her.  It knew better than to hurt its
mistress, of course.  Several pressure-sensitive trial runs with Mecha
washuu had taught it exaclty how much fucking she could take, and how
hard, and how fast felt good to her.  But, even still, the creature was
pushy, and that was one of the things Washuu liked about it.  She loved
feeling herself raped by all those big ugly dicks.

"OOOOH!  YES!!" Washuu screamed as she felt a second dick slide in along
with the first one.  Annother dick started to wipe her ass with
pre-cum.  The Hemorphopod-scion was a lot messier than a human male in
the earliers stages of arousal.  Washuu felt hot sperm splash over her,
as  more and more cocks started rubbing her soft skin.

"AAAAUUUGH!!!" Washuu groaned as one pushed forcefully, but smoothly,
into her ass.  She loved the feeling of it, fucking her in the ass.  One
of the larger ones found her mouth, and Washuu welcomed it in, sucking
it and tasting it as it swelled in her mouth.  It pulled out of her
mouth just as it started to cum, and sprayed thich gobs of semen all
over Washuu's face and hair, even as it was rteplaced by annother one. 
Washuu moaned into the cock stuffing her mouth.  She loved giving head,
and it made her feel like such a slut to be giving so many blowjobs in
rapid succession.  She really loved it.

The cocks that were fuckign her jacked off quickly and were replaced by
more egar pricks.  All over her body, moist hot dicks pressed together,
grinding and fighting for space.  A soft spot of skin to caress
themselves against as they waited for acess to one of Washuu's
delightful holes.

Washuu soon started using her hands, too. Watching wide-eyed as she
rubbed a dick in her soft hands and feeling ti twitch in her hands and
spray hot cum between her fingers.  Somehow, the creature removed her
socks and was now rubbing cocks against her soft bare feet.  It
tickled.  And it also felt terribly erotic.

And now, as the monster dragged her down, Washuu saw the big one rising
to meet her.  Even as she came for the 33rd time that night, she had
been waiting for this one.  It *had* grown a lot bigger over the years
she had not indulged.  The Hemorphopod's main member was now five feet
tall and nearly a foot in diameter.  Washuu knew there was no way she
could cram it into her pussy as she had done in the past.

"Oooh, look how BIG you've gotten!" Washuu cooed, wrapping her arms
around it and licking and kissing it on the foreskin.  "You're almost as
big as mommy is!"  Washuu started to climb onto the top of the huge
member, slipping a little bit and sliding back down.  Somewhere deep
below she could hear the creature roar in pleasure.  "Mommy's too little
to ride you like she used to," Washuu said, straddling her legs around
it.  "But I'm gonna *squeeze* you between my legs, and sit on you, and
twist my ass and pussy until you cum.  Washuu started humping, and
squirming, and rubbing her legs together, riding the giant dick and
listening to the monster AAAAAHHHHH below.  She greedily pulled dicks
out of the air and blew them off, bathing herself in their cum as they
kept getting more excited.  A few of them stareted to cum even beofre
she touched them, and Washuu could tell that the big one was getting
ready to blow.

And then, suddenly, it did.  Washuu felt it start to vibrate under her,
and she squeeled as it pulse and sprayed forth a geyser of male cum that
totally drenched her in hot, gooey, sick-smelling liquid.  Washhu had
the hardest multiple orgasms of the night when that happened, rubbing
herself against the giant prick like a dog, even as all the other dicks
came at once, stuffing themselves into her cunt and ass and mouth like
there was no tomorow.

"Aaaah..." Washuu groaned as the few tenticles not yet gone horribly
flacid lowered her onto the cold metal floor of the catwalk. 
"Goodnight, my sweet pet," she cooed, kissing one of the dicks.  She
laughed as it came in her mouth, and lapped up all the hot wet sperm. 
"I'm sorry I don't come to play with you more often... I'll try to make
time more often..."  Washuu slumped back in exhaustion, and fell asleep
right there on the cold metal floor...

<<<<*

Washuu awoke to find herself snug in bed, dressed in a furry robe and
silk sheets, a tray of tea and crumpets at the bedside.  She sighed. 
Like good little servents, her robot helpers had taken care of
everything while she slept.  Mmmmmm.  And it had been such a nice way of
going to sleep, too...

Washuu was sipping some coffie when she suddenly jolted awake.

The other girls must be as horny as she was!

That in itself didn't really bother her that much.  Let them suffer a
bit, with no Hemorphopod Scion to comfort them.  But, what if they hit
on Tenchi?  A lot?  She knew Tenchi was shy, and a bit clean-cut, but
she also knew that he wasn't made of stone.  Suppose they were all
trying to seduce him or even take him by force?  Well, for Ryoko it
wouldn't be a big deal...  but Aieka?  What if Tenchi couldn't resist
the temptation of that many women throwing themselves at him?  Suddenly,
a brilliant thought occured to Washuu.  She dropped her teacup with a
loud CRASH of broken china.

What if Tenchi really liked one of the girls?  There would ne nothing
stopping him if *she* decided to try her chances.

"Ooooh, Tenchiiii!"  Washu banged her head against the headboard.  "If
you had *just* given in to me when I first asked you for a sample!  Why
must you be so difficult!?"

Washuu leap out of bed and got to work.