Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com.

WARNING!  This fanfic has a warning on it.  All fanfics with warnings on 
them are lemons.
Therefore this fanfic is a lemon.

(And now, Washuu messes with your head:)

"The preceding paragraph is a syllogism, or a series of propositions (two 
premesis and a
conclusion) so arranged that if it is granted that the first two statements 
are true, then
the third statement must be true also. This is a classic form of argument, 
first discovered
(on Earth) by the Ancient Greeks, who were the first to discover and record 
many of the
principles of logic humans use (or ignore) today.

Let us take a look at how this syllogism is constructed.  The statement 
"This fanfic has a
warning on it" is an "E type" statement, or one whose antecedent is 
distributed and whose
consequent is undistributed.

In this case, the antecedent (All of this fanfic) is distributed, meaning it 
tells us something
about all memebers of a class. In this case, it refers to all members of the 
class "this fanfic."
The statement's consequent (has a warning on it) is undistributed, since it 
does not tell us
something about all members of the class "things that have a warning on 
them."  (It only refers
to this fanfic.   If it had said "does not have a warning on it," then it 
would be distributed,
since it would then tell us that NONE of the things that have a warning on 
them are this fanfic.)

The second syllogism is also an E type statement, as it clearly refers to 
all fanfics (which is a
distributed term,) and states that they are lemons (undistributed.)  The 
same formula holds for
the conclusion (this fanfic)(is a lemon.)

This syllogism does not violate any of the six rules of formal falacies, 
therefore it is a valid
argument.  However, although its structure is valid, the second syllogism is 
not neccesarily
true, because fanfics can and do have warnings for other purposes than to 
explain that a given
story is a lemon.  For example, they may warn that the story contains 
spoilers for the later plot
develpoments in an anime's continuity.  Or the warning may state that a 
fanfic merely contains
extremely violent scenes and therefore may not be suitable for all 
audiences.  Therefore, because
one of our premesies is untrue, the argument is not sound, even though its 
structure is valid."

Oh yeah, in case anyone was wondering, I have just started college, and yes, 
we do have a
philosophy requirement here.  No, it has not driven me insane.  Anyway, 
without further ado, i
would like to title this episode of my crappy lemon series as:

EPISODE 6:
NO NEED FOR LOGIC

Washu stared at the screen before her, upon which Ryoko, Aieka, and Ryoko 
were having a very
playful threesome.  She had been planning to go up there and explain to the 
girls what was
happening, about the effects of the Type-H personality modifying ray, and 
prevent any of them
from approaching Tenchi while they were in their hentai state, but that had 
been almost an hour
ago, and the three of them hadn't stopped since.

"Ohhh... GOD!!" Wahsu moaned, throwing her head back.  She hadn't stopped 
since either.  her
fingers flicked nimbly over her clitoris and deep into her snatch, as she 
teased herself subtly
in a dozen secret points where she knew it would feel the absoloute best...

"Aaaah!!  AAAAHHH!! She moaned, spreading her legs wide as she watched the 
scene in the
extradimmesnional bathroom through her subspace spectralanyalizer, set to 
"visible light"
mode.  A pretty cheap way to be spying, but...

"Oh god yes... Oh YES!!!"  Aieka had been tied to a pillar and the two 
Ryokos were none too
gently taking advantage of her body as they whispered all sorts of 
obsceneties to her.  Aieka
creamed constantly over their rough attentions.  Washu wished she could 
think of a way to get
sound on the thing... indeed, she could, using trans-dimmensional 
oscillations, but to build
the device required would distract her from watching the show...

"Ooooh... OHHHHH... yeah!!  HIT HER AGAIN!!  OH god, yes... yes... oh, WOW 
in the ass AGAIN!?
Aieka, you're a MACHINE!  How many more times can... oh god, what's that 
for... ooooohhh....

Washuu clenched her teeth and came as she watched Ryoko use the carrot on 
Aieka.

And then, as she watched the scene AD Vision would have qualms about 
dubbing, inspiration
struck for a new invention...

"Oh god, this is good stuff..."

=^_^=

Aieka gently petted the cabbit in her lap.  Again, Ryo-ohki sniffed at her 
lap slightly.
Aieka stiffened and tried to look innocent.  At least she had managed to 
talk Ryoko out of
making her carry the carrot around all day inside her...

"Um... Aieka..." Kiyone began.  She stopped as Mihoshi entered the room and 
smiled croquettishly
at her.

"Yes?"  Aieka asked, looking up from the fur ball she was scratching.

"Uh... well, there was something I needed to talk to you and the others 
about... but, um..."
She didn't want to talk about it with Mihoshi around, knowing all too well 
how much the airhead
was likely to reveal versus how much she wanted to tell.

"I guess it can wait 'till later," she concluded.

"Hmmm... sounds to me like you've been waiting for the right time to say 
something," Katsuhito
said, entering the room silently.  "Obviously, that time has not come within 
the last two days."
Kiyone blushed, remembering that they had spent the night once already, and 
she STILL hadn't
gotten a chance to speak privately with any of the girls.  They were testing 
the patience of
their host.

"Fear not, though," the old man said, almost but not quite un-mockingly, 
"I'm sure it will come
if you just give it time. Perhaps annother few days or so.  Shouldn't take 
longer than a week...
unless of course it involves sex..."

Katsuhito's glasses flashed.  Kiyone looked nervous for a second, then 
suddenly clamped her hand
over Mihoshi's mouth before she could say anything at all.

"Well, be sure to let me know what develops," he said, leaving the room.

Kiyone frowned.  He knew something.

But then, didn't he always?

*>>>>

Ryoko frowned.  "What do you mean, your turn!?"  she shouted.

Mihoshi opened the door loudly, causing Ryoko and Aieka to splash away from 
each other.

"Oh my," Mihoshi said, "we're not interrupting anything, are we...?"

Kiyone winced.  Maybe she was already too late.  Hadn't Sasami said they'd 
been taking a lot of
baths together?

"NO!! I mean,  no... no, of course not..." Aieka stammered, "we were just 
discussing... err...
Ryoko?"

"Um... TV!!  Yeah, that's it... Aieka said it was HER turn to decide what we 
watch on TV
tonight, can you believe that!?"

"It's okay, I under..."  Kiyone started.

"HMMPH!!" Aieka threw her nose into the air. "As if you haven't been 
deciding what we watch
all day for the past three days in a row!!  You really should let me have a 
turn now and then!!"

"No really, I believe..." Kiyone started

"Oh yeah!?"  Ryoko crossed her arms.  "You SAID I could be in charge of the 
TV.  And besides,
as I recall you seem to enjoy the same shows that I do!"

"You really don't have to discuss..." Kiyone started

Aikea turned her back on Ryoko.  "Well if that's the way you're going to 
be... how would you
like it if I didn't watch TV with you tonight..."

"There is no inunedo, there is no inuendo, there is no inuendo," Kiyone 
repeated to herself,
willing it to be so.

Ryoko gasped for a minute, then hardened her eyes and voice and nipples but 
that was by
accident.

"FINE, you do that!" Ryoko shouted, "I can always watch TV by myself... 
better still, I wonder
if TENCHI would like to watch TV tonight..."

Aieka jumped up and practically boiled the water off her skin.  "Don't you 
DARE even joke about
that, Ryoko..."

Kiyone groaned and covered her ears.

Ryoko giggled evilly  "Oh, sure... I bet he hasn't watched TV in a long 
time... lets see, how
long has it been since that trailer I showed him..."

SLAP!!

"I'll watch TV with you," Mihoshi offered in the silence that followed.

"Look," Kiyone said, "before you two start blasting each other over this, 
there's something I
need to tell you..."

Ryoko and Aieka stopped glaring at each other point-blank for just a moment 
and both quickly
swung their heads to glare at Kiyone.  "WHAT!?" they both spat.

Their eyes widened as they watched Mihoshi very slowly french kissing 
Kiyone.

"Gaaah!!" Kiyone gasped for air.  "WHAT DID YOU DO THAT FOR, MIHOSHI!?"

"Well," Mihoshi said innocently as she ran her long, slender fingertips over 
Kiyone's chest,
"You said I had to keep my hands off you in public... and I just realized 
that we're not in
public now, sooooo..."

"THAT ISN'T WHAT I MEANT BY PUBLIC!!" she yelled, trying to push the eager 
lust-starved amazon
away.

Ryoko started to laugh out loud at the sight.

"Well well well, isn't this intresting... looks like we weren't the only 
ones to get curious
over the weekend," the space pirate leered to Aieka.

"It's not like th.. EEEP!!" Kiyone jumped as Mihoshi pinched her.

"Oh wow, I guess that was a little bit too hard, huh," Mihoshi ditzed.

"RYOKO!!" Aieka wailed, "How can you speak so openly about..." Aikea was cut 
off as Ryoko gave
her the kiss of a lifetime.

"So..." Ryoko said, settling into the water by Mihoshi while Aieka recovered 
from the shock,
"How's your slut?"

"Ryoko..." Kiyone growled.

"Oh, she's very good," Mihoshi smiled and patted Kiyone's thigh.  "But she's 
SO paranoid about
people finding out about our relationship."

"MIHOSHI!" Kiyone yelled, wondering how many times she'd yelled that in her 
life.

"Hmmm.  Yeah, mine's the same way..."  Ryoko reached for Aieka's thigh, but 
it wasn't where
she'd remembered it last.  She turned around and was wacked upside the head 
by a very angry
princess."

"I can't believe you're telling them about this,"  Aieka wailed, "If word 
were to get out that
a member of Jurian Royalty were consorting with a sinister space pirate..."

Ryoko looked pointedly at Aieka.

Aieka's hands flew reflexively over her mouth.  "I didn't mean it," she 
said...

"You said 'sinister...'"  Ryoko said, standing up with a cat-like leer on 
her face..."

"It was an accident," Aieka protested, backing away.  "I just meant..."

Ryoko grinned and snatched up her prey, grabbing Aieka by the hair.

"OOOWWWWW..."

"You KNOW what the penalty is for misusing the safe words," Ryoko whsipered 
into her ear,
punctuating the sentance with an obscene lick.

"But it's not fair..." she moaned, getting down on all fours, "WHY do they 
have to be such
common words... I use that word all the time..."

"Ohhhhh, no, no, no..."  Ryoko grinned and ran a finger up Aieka's slit.  
The princess winced,
wondering what the space pirate would do to her.  "If you'll recall, I 
wanted the safe word for
pain to be 'pizza,' but you insisted it sounded too silly and made me change 
it..."

Aieka turned beat red.  "Rub it in why don't you?"  She started to pant as 
Ryoko did just that.
"Oh, just name my punishment and get it over with," she said.

"Hmmmm... for abusing the safe words... I wish for..." Ryoko smiled as she 
remmebered who was
watching her..."

"One tossed salad..."

Aikea winced.

"...for Mihoshi."

"WHAT!?" everybody yelled.

Ryoko laughed evilly.

Aieka sighed.  "I guess I have no choice... Mistress..."  She humbly crawled 
over to Mihoshi
and knelt behind her.  "Please bend over," she said, realizing that Mihoshi 
had no idea what
a tossed salad was, "get on all fours... and don't worry.  I am told that 
this feels very
good..."

Mihoshi did as she was told and waited for something to happen.  Then her 
eyes went wide and
she started moaning as Aikea started licking her asshole.

Ryoko cackled evilly, admiring her handiwork.  The she turned just in time 
to catch Kiyone
backing towards the door.

"Where do you think you're going?"  Ryoko asked from behind her back.

Kiyone screamed.  Then she realized what was happening.  "Ryoko, let go of 
me..."  she moaned
as the space pirate behind her reached for her breasts.

"No," Ryoko said playfully.

"Let go of me," she moaned as the other Ryoko closed in.  "Please... this 
isn't right..."

"I know," said Ryoko, planting kisses down her neck, "that's what makes it 
so much fun.  You
are *SO* uptight about everything!"

"Ryoko... MPH..."  The other Ryoko had floated up and now had her breasts 
planted right in her
face as she hovered a foot or so above the tile floor.

"Kiss them.  MMmmmmmm.... that's nice!"  Ryoko ruffled her hair.  "I really 
think I'm starting
to like this orgy thing..."

"Ryoko... listen to me," Kiyone gasped between gropes, "those aren't your 
true feelings...
Washuu's ray... when it exploded... don't you see, it hit all of us instead 
of Tenchi... that's
why you and me and... Aieka... and... Mihoshi..." Kiyone closed her eyes as 
Ryoko's tongue slid
all over her neather regions.  "Oh... GOD you're good!!"

[o*=]{

Nobiyui sat helplessly in the bathtub as he listened to the sounds the girls 
were making.

It just wasn't fair.  Having the girls around was always a pleasure, of 
course.  Being unable
to join them in the bathtub was something he could live with.  Listening to 
their heavenly
voices echoing through sub-space while he took a bath on the men's side was 
frustrating, but
he considered it fair enough.

But listening to the sounds of what could only be some VERY kinky all-girl 
lovemaking,
powerless to join in or even watch!?

That was downright unfair.

"I wish I hadn't misplaced that tape recorder," he thought to himself sadly 
as Mihoshi climaxed
yet AGAIN.

~^w^~

Washu got back from the CGI mecha-design workstation just in time to watch 
the girls loose
their last shreds of inhibition and start rubbing together randomly.

"EEEP!! I've let this go for FAR too long; I'd better get down there!" she 
exclaimed.  Washu
opened a black portal in sub-space and jumped right through.

"Wait, Washu!!" Chibi-Washu A called.

"You should get dressed first, Washu!"  Chibi-Washu B called.

The two SD mecha waited for about a minute to see if she would be back.

"Well, your turn to be on top," Mecha-Washu B said as they toddled off, 
hand-in-hand.

->O<-

Washu splashed down into the pool, and gazed longingly at the sight of the 
four girls entangled
together.

"Oh, pure bliss..."  Ryoko groaned, as Kiyone lapped at her love bud and 
Mihoshi and Aieka each
suckled a nipple.  "This is the best I've ever had!  Ever!"  The pirate's 
voice sounded giddy
with emotion.  "This is what living's all about...  Ah!  I love you guys!  
All three of you...
oooghhhh..." Ryoko opened her eyes to see her mom smiling down at her.

"GAAAAAAGH!"  Ryoko panicked, and instinct took over.  She crackled with 
electricity and
scrambled backwards all the way to the edge of the pool.  Some kind of 
forcefield or somethin'
protected Washuu, but the other girls weren't as lucky.

"Oh dear... have I chosen a bad time to drop in on you guys...?" the lucky 
one asked coyly.

"WASHUU!!" Ryouko cried angrily, "You should learn to mind your own 
business!!  We were just
having a little fun!"

"Hmmmm.  So I noticed!"  Washuu dipped a finger in the water and sniffed it 
pointedly.
"Hmmm... probably 2 or 3%... Anyway, I've discovered something that could 
explain why we've
all been feeling so much like women lately..."

"Well I've always felt like women from time to time," Mihoshi muttered, "but 
I think this is a
first for Kiyone... and maybe also Aieka..."

"Washuu!! Thank god!"  Kiyone recovered from Ryoko's shock and splashed 
through the water, only
to grab Washu by the neck and start throttling her.

"WE KNOW THIS IS ALL YOUR STUPID INVENTION'S FAULT, NOW TELL ME YOU HAVE AN 
ANTIDOTE!!"

"Gaaaaaahh... He... help meeee..."  Washu tried to turn her attacker into a 
kappa, but the
shadowy laptop screen manifested itself just out of reach...  
"...Somebody... The red button..."
she gasped, "hurry... can't breathe..."

"Ummm... Is this the one you mean?" Mihoshi asked, tapping a Green button 
that did happen to
flash red every once in a while, but that was only as a reminder not to 
press it ever.

The water started to drain out of the Pool, and everyone was sucked down a 
pan-dimmensional
drain into a storage tank deep somewhere in Washuu's lab.

*****

"So," Washuu said, standing behind the podium and looking quite digified for 
a short
underdeveloped spiky pink-haired girl with no clothes on, "In layman's 
terms, what the
Type H Personality Modifying Ray has done was to modify the psychic patterns 
stored in
each of our chi, slightly increasing the frequency of some responses while 
decreasing others."

Ryoko sat at her desk and stared off into space.  She never did like 
school... Not like Aieka,
of course.  The little twat was sitting there like a good little girl.  "Oh, 
Miss Washuu! I
know the answer!  And even if I don't, I'll just sit here like a good little 
teacher's pet
and smile at you!" Pffft.  Ryoko's frown gradually turned to a sneer as she 
began to wonder
what it would take to break that concentration....

"...while naturally, this method of mind control by altering consciousness 
at its most
sublime and, indeed, spiritual level is superior to surgical and 
psycho-analytical methods of
mind control in the regard that it cannot cause, as the former, brain 
damage, or as the latter,
psychological neuroses, it is somewhat less effective insofar as all such 
modifications are
extremely short-lived, as the spirit returns to its natural state by 
comparing itself with the
patterns recorded in the brain.  Nevertheless, it DOES prove my theory that 
classical spiritual
entities can be altered using H-waves... a theory that the Royal Science 
Academy rejected as
'outside the ability of a corpreal being to test' and which ONE decreped 
pigheaded old man dared
to call 'religious setimentality.'  Well WE'LL SEE WHAT YOUR RELIGIOUS 
SETIMENTS ARE, DR. CLAY,
AFTER YOU'VE SPENT THE NIGHT IN THE 'EIGHT WORST HELLS!' MUA HA HA HA HA!!"

Aieka squirmed as Ryoko's bare foot crept ever-further up her thigh.  
"Oh..." she moaned, despite
her every effort to keep quiet...

"So, the question becomes.. how can we reverse the ray's effects?  Answer, 
Miss Aieka?"

"Huh?"  Everyone was looking at her.  And Ryoko was STILL stroking her toes 
along her thigh.
God, didn't the woman ever quit!?  Washuu was looking right AT her for 
crying out loud.

"Umm, well..." Aieka turned red and crossed her legs, an exercize that 
merely made her notice her own juices more clearly.  "It seems that we 
should just wait for the effects to wear off on
their own."  She smiled her cutest little teacher's pet grin.  Had she been 
wearing a skirt, she
would have curtsied.

"WRONG!!" A giant stone statue of an old man holding a staff came plumeting 
from the ceiling and
landed squarely on Aieka's head.  Then it turned into a short, dumpy man in 
a Tanuki suit and
ran off.

"Ryoko?  Your answer?"

"Huh...?" Ryoko looked down at her lap.  "Hell, I don't know... Why don't we 
just have an orgy
and put all that extra spunk to good use?"

Washuu tapped a button.

Ryoko winced and shut her eyes in anticipation, but nothing heavy landed on 
her head.  Instead,
she felt a weird tightening on her breasts and something giving her a 
wedgie.  And her feet were
crammed into some kind of tight-fitting shoes.  Ryoko opened her eyes and 
was surprised to
discover that shiny black leather lingrine, complete with boots, had 
materialized around her.

"Good answer, Miss Ryoko!"  Washuu leered.  The mad scientist was dressed in 
a shimmery
silver-white nightgown that flowed over her in such a way that it seemed to 
be rubbing her.
"The fastest way to hasten the psychic reversion process is by acting out 
those tendencies which
are not a part of our normal consciousness!"

"Oh my," Mihoshi covered her mouth with her hands and chewed her lip 
nervously. "Are we going to
do something like that!?  I thought we were just going to fuck each 
other..."  Mihoshi had been
forcibly dressed in a red one-piece bunny suit, with matching heels and 
black fishnet stockings.

"I have a feeling that IS what Washuu had in mind, Mihoshi,"  Aieka looked 
down at her lingrine
and blushed.  It was a silky white lace bikini with white stockings and lace 
gloves.  It also
seemed to give her more cleavage. Come to think of it, she felt quite 
seductive in such a
costume...  "Hmmmm... Washuu... do you suppose I could be allowed to keep 
this outfit?"

"Oh, you like it...?"  Washuu asked, tapping some buttons.  The lab faded 
and the girls soon
found themselves in a large, expensively furnished ornate bedroom.  Fire in 
the fireplace,
mirrored ceiling, olympic-sized bed with silk sheets and satin cushions... 
jaccuzzi, make-out
music, hyperspace liquor cabinet... the works.

"Looks like you've been thinking pretty hard about what you planned to do 
with us..."  Kiyone
mused.  Kiyone, in case you were wondering, was wearing a sequined blue 
two-piece number, with
golden tassles hanging temptingly from her nipples and hips.  She giggled 
and lay down on the
bed, then sat up, spread her legs, and posed obscenely.  "I love it!"  she 
concluded with a
smile.

Washuu grinned like Ryoko on catnip and sashayed over to the bed.  "I 
thought you were supposed
to be the serious one," she teased, running her hands down her small body 
and up inside her
nightgown's hem.

"Oooooh!  Not me!"  Kiyone grinned and swirled her chest in the air, making 
the tassels spin.
"I'm a naughty little slut!  Really I am... please fuck me, mistress... make 
me your whore..."

"Wow..."  Ryoko blinked,  "She's really out of character, huh Aieka...?"  
Ryoko looked over to
Aieka and caught her breath.

Aieka stood, her eyes closed, her lips slightly parted, and ran her 
lace-clad hands seductively
down the her neck and across her chest. She cupped her breasts and hefted 
them slightly,
squeezing them so that they looked even rounder, and fingering her own 
nipples through the
fabric.  Then she let them drop, and giggled as they bounced.  She ran her 
hands down to her
crotch and slid one gloved hand into her panties and began gently stoking 
herself with the
lace... with her other hand, she reached out slowly and cupped Ryoko's 
chin... she looked deep
into her former enemy's eyes...

...and winked at her.

Ryoko gulped as Aieka gently caressed her cheek with her warm, lace-trimmed 
hand.  This was a
side of the princess she hadn't seen before.  She had never in her wildest 
dreams immagined that
her snobby, stuck-up crowned princess Aieka could be so.... seductive.

Aieka let her hand travel down Ryoko's body freely, but slowly, while she 
drew the other hand
from out of her panties damp with juices.  She rubed her fingers back and 
forth over Ryoko's
lips, and the space pirate inhaled deeply, smelling the juices of her usual 
prey, who had
suddenly turned temptress.

Aieka wrapped her arms around Ryoko and kissed her deeply, with tongues, and 
lifted one
stockinged leg to wrap around Ryoko's thigh.  Ryoko slumped back against the 
wall, and sank
slowly to the floor, lost in the pasion while Aieka ground herself against 
Ryoko and fondled her
rear.

"Ah... oh god... Aieka... don't stop..."  Ryoko opened her eyes and looked 
up at the princess
pleadingly as she stood and patted her hips down, straightening out her 
stockings.

"I'm going over there..."  Aieka nodded to the bed where Mihoshi, Kiyone, 
and Washuu were
hungrily eating each other out in a triangle, "... to join in the fun.  If 
you want me..."  Aieka
turned with a toothy smile and wiggled her way over to the bed, her ass 
bouncing enticingly as
she went...  "Come and get me, Ryoko!"

"Ummm..."   Ryoko forwned slightly as she watched the other three writhe on 
the bed as Aieka
removed just her panties and started stroking everybody with lace.  "I... 
don't know..."

"What's wrong, Ryoko?"  Kiyone asked, "I thought you were the naughty one!"  
Kiyone winked at the
space pirate and licked her lips in anticipation.

"Oh yes... You should join us, Ryoko!"  Mihoshi grinned in extacy as Washuu 
rolled her clitty in
her tiny fingertips.  "It feels so GOOD! ^_^"

"Umm... it's just uh... well..."  Ryoko looked away and blushed.

Washuu raised an eyebrow.  "Well well... so, the brazen shameless kinky 
'mistress' is afraid of a
little incest... how very intresting..."

"Shut up!"  Ryoko scowled and closed her eyes and crossed her arms.  "I'm 
allowed to have SOME
inhibitions, aren't I?"

"Haven't you heard, my dear?"  Aieka asked, licking cum off of Washuu's 
thigh and licking her
lips like it was heaven just to taste it, "Inhibitions are out of style..."  
Aieka ran her tongue
back and forth along Washuu's clit while eyeing Ryoko seductively, her eyes 
peircing deep into
the ex-criminal's soul.  "Come to bed..." she cooed sweetly...

Ryoko bit her lip.  "come on you guys..." Ryoko tenetively took a steph 
forward, then annother.
She felt like she was being pulled along by an unseen force.  But at the 
same time, her skin
burned in anticipation of the touch of one of the few things she'd ever 
thought of as
forbidden...  Mihoshi and Kiyone caressed and kissed her as she reached the 
foot of the bed, and
coaxed her further, until she had reached the point where Washuu lay 
spread-eagled, grinning from
ear to ear as Aieka continued putting out for her eagerly.

"Now then..."  Washuu reached up and ran a hand lovingly along Ryoko's neck. 
  "What do you have
to say for yourself...?"

Ryoko's blood rushed through her as tenetively reached down and touched her 
mother's breasts.
Every place their skin touched seemed to burn with guilty pleasure.  Then 
Washuu reached up and
pulled her big girl down onto her, and began rubbing against her, wild with 
desire.

"... mommy..." Ryoko squeeked out before she could stop herself.

[o=]{

Sasami looked around at the dinner table.  Tenchi and Nobiyuki were the only 
ones present besides
herself.

"I wonder where those guys ARE?"  Tenchi said as he reached for the soy 
sauce.

"Maybe they're taking a bath," Nobiyuki said with tears in his eyes.

"Well, their dinner is getting cold.  I'll go see if that's where they 
are..."

"Ah...." Nobiyuki started, then gave up.  What was the point?  Let the girl 
grow up.

"You know Tenchi, having dinner alone like this reminds me of what it was 
like before the girls
showed up."

"Yeah..." Tenchi looked up at the stairs.  "I know what you mean.  But it's 
so QUIET!"

Nobiyuki nodded. "It's time likes this that you appreciate how important 
your loved ones are..."

"Uh..." Tenchi started, realizing where this conversation was headed... 
again...

"SO TENCHI, WHY DON'T YOU EVER SHOW THEM YOUR APPRECIATION!?"

"DAD!!"

Having found the bathroom to be empty, Sasami tried the door to Washuu's 
lab, but it was locked.

"Oh well... I guess I'll keep it heated up for them till Washuu's done with 
them..."

...*

It was about three hours later that Washuu broke out the dildos and 
vibrators.

"Woah!"  Ryoko's eyes went wide like a kid in a candy store.  "Cool!  Dibs 
on the purple one!!"

Washuu handed the device over to Ryoko.  It seemed shaped more like a bottle 
than a dildo.
"Okay, but this one doesn't vibrate," she warned.

"Well then," Ryoko licked her lips, "We'll just have to MAKE it vibrate! 
Right, Aieka?"

Aieka was looking at Ryoko strangely, with a mix of fascination and desire 
in her eyes.  "You
said 'purple,'" she stated quite plainly.

Ryoko's skin went pale as she realized that was the safe word for 
humiliation.  And she had
accidently misused it.

Aieka smiled smugly.  "My turn!" she grinned.

Ryoko knelt and bowed as low and humbly as she could and began kissing 
Aieka's feet.  "How would
you like it, Mistress?" she asked, choking on the word slightly.

Aikea smiled and stroked Ryoko's cheek affectionately.

*SLAP!!*

"You will address me as PRINCESS!" She hissed, a long-repressed haughty 
gleam in her eye as she
reached for one of Washuu's largest and frankly most diabolically-shaped 
strap-ons.

"S-sorry... Princess..."

"You are not allowed to look at me!"  Aieka snapped!  "Good!  Now, get down 
on all fours, you
bitch..." Aieka slipped the strap-on into place and tweeked it once to make 
sure it was in
firmly.  She placed the tip of it against Ryoko's asshole...

"Oh no... please, Princess..."  Ryoko began sweating.  She knew she had this 
coming but still...

"Do not speak," Aieka scolded.  "And try to relax.  I am told this feels 
quite uncomfortable."
