Tenchi Muyo!
H Adventures Series

Send all feedback to warpzone32@hotmail.com.

WARNING!!
Boss Is Appraoching!

"BLACK BEAT STEPPER"

-ACTIONS-
Red Fireball
Green Cutter
Yellow Laser
Blue Cracker

oops... wrong warning...

I'd just like to take a moment to thank all the people who've been sending 
me feedback.  I feel loved! ^_^  Well okay it was only 6 or 7 emails but 
that's more than I've ever gotten from one project before!  Either I'm 
REALLY on the ball with this one or Gensao's site reaches a LOT more people! 
O_o

Also, I was delighted to discover that someone did an MST of part 5 of this 
series!  I think I should explain, part 5 was supposed to be a sort of a 
parody of all the other Sasami lemons out there. My purpose when writing it 
was to make it look like Sasami was going to do something horribly 
disgusting and then make it turn out to be nothing but a slightly suggestive 
play on words.  And MAN did it ever work!  I couldn't stop laughing while 
those guys had one heart attack after another and then went "whew" 
afterwards. ^_^ And the humor they did on purpose was good too...  it was an 
all-around good MST.  I especially liked the gags about the ASCII art that I 
used as scene breaks.

You can find the MST the same place you SHOULD have found this lemon; at 
Gensao's site:

http://members.xoom.com/gensao/frame.html

EPISODE 7:
NO NEED FOR SEDUCTION

Tenchi woke up, did a bunch of traditional Japanese morning stuff that I 
wouldn't know about, and went downstairs for breakfast.

"Any minute now,"  he thought.

Sometimes, he wished she would just do it at the same time every morning, so 
at least he would be ready for it.  But no, she seemed to be varying her 
moment of attack, as if to be sure of catching him off-guard.  Or maybe she 
just took a diffrent ammount of time to wake up every morning.

Whatever her reasons, she did it at a different moment every morning.  But 
she had never missed a day.

Tenchi slowly and carefully made his way down the steps, taking them one at 
a time.  He didn't want to risk falling when she caught him off-guard.  And 
off-guard he was, every day.  The woman always seemed to strike when he 
least expected it... He was never prepared, even though he knew to expect it 
every morning.

He reached the bottom step and walked past Washuu's lab towards the kitchen. 
  It looked like he was in the clear.  Maybe she had slept too soundly this 
morning...?

Yeah... maybe...

And then, just when Tenchi least expected it, He felt the large breasts 
pressing against his back; felt the strong, feminine arms reach around him 
from behind and embrace him in the deadliest of all grips; the hug of 
unrequented love.  And he knew exactly whose arms and breasts were loving 
him unrequentedly, too...

"Good morning, my Lord Tenchi.  Did you sleep well?"

Oooooooo-kay... maybe he had been wrong about that last part...

"Aikea-hime!"  Tenchi recovered from his shock enough to pull away gently, 
only to realize that gently wasn't going to cut it in this case.  "What are 
you *doing?*" he wailed.

"Mmmmmmm... Why, I mearly wanted to wish you a good morning, my lord, and to 
express my gratitude for your family's hospitality..."  Aieka's tongue 
flicked briefly across the back of his neck.

"AAAAAGH!! Stop it!!"  Tenchi squirmed and pulled and finally broke free 
from Aieka's grasp.  "Honestly, Aikea!  What's gotten into you!?"

"Oh... forgive me, Lord Tenchi..." Aieka had fallen to her knees when Tenchi 
pulled away, and now she sat there looking down at her hands pitfully.  "I-I 
don't know what's come over me this morning... I've never been this forward 
before... I... I... oh..." Aieka swooned and fell backwards, her head 
hitting the wood-paneled floor with a thump.

"Aieka!!"  Tenchi ran over to Aieka's prone body and gently lifted her head. 
  "Aieka!  Are you all right!?"  Tenchi checked her pulse and breathing as 
best he could.

"Huh... that's funny... If I remember my health class... according to her 
breathing, she should still be concious... hmmmm... maybe Jurians have a 
diffrent..."

Aikea suddenly grinned and pulled Tenchi down onto her, forcing her tongue 
into his mouth and rubbing against him affectionately.

"MmmmMMphmnnrgmp!!"  Tenchi finally managed to pull away and ran out of the 
house as fast as his legs would carry him.

Aieka panted softly, trying to catch her breath.  Her heart was still 
racing.

"Ryoko has a point," she said to herself sadly, "that WAS fun..."

*>>>>

Tenchi didn't stop running until he reached the woods.  "Got to calm down," 
he told himself, resting against the base of a tree.  "...got to think about 
this rationally...  Geez, what was I thinking, panicing and running out of 
the house like that?  Calm down and think, baka..."

This morning, Aieka had tried to force herself upon him... and... well... 
uh...

There was nothing else to think about!

The universe had gone topsy-turvy!!

Tenchi started to run again, this time, up the hill towards the shrine.  He 
needed guidence he could trust.  In its absence, he would settle for 
Grandpa's advice.

Unfortunately, Tenchi wasn't looking where he was going, and ran smack into 
Mihoshi.  The two of them tumbled to the ground in a heap.

"Urw yrr urwuht, Mihrfur?"  Tenchi asked from underneath Mihoshi's ample 
bust.  Then he realized what he was talking into and went into nosebleed 
mode.

"Oh *my,*" Mihoshi gasped, sitting up so she was stradling Tenchi's chest 
instead of smothering his face.  "Your face is bleeding!  Did I hurt you?  
I'm so sorry for running into you like that, Tenchi!  I was just out for my 
morning jog and... uhh... I guess I just didn't see you running up the steps 
towards me..."

"You're out for a jog?"  Tenchi asked. "Dressed like that?"

Mihoshi was dressed in an extremely skimpy yellow tank top, girls' gym 
shorts, running shoes, and a headband.  A pair of headphones that weren't 
even turned on were on her head.

"Umm... yeah..."  Mihoshi stamered, leaning forward over him and giving him 
a great view of her cleavage.  "What's wrong with wearing this to jog?  I'm 
pretty sure this was what those joggers on TV were wearing... Yes, I'm quite 
sure that they..."

"Well... maybe if it were summertime.  But Mihoshi, it's late autumn!  You 
must be freezing in that getup!"

Mihoshi loked down at her nipples.  Tenchi noticed what she was looking at 
and groaned.

"Well, gee, I guess I am a little cold," Mihoshi ditzed, "but look, I'm 
sweating, see?"  Mihoshi took Tenchi's hand and pressed it between he 
breasts where she had been sweating, presumably from jogging all morning.

"IIIII!" Tenchi turned pale and tried to wiggle out from under her.  
"Mihoshi, get off of me!"

"Oh, I'm sorry!"  Mihoshi got up and helped Tenchi to his feet.

"Whew," Tenchi thought as she started jogging away from him down the steps, 
"I thought she was starting to freak out on me too, for a minute there..."

"Oh yeah, Tenchi!"  Mihoshi called from behind him.  Tenchi turned around to 
see her standing there smiling up at him.

"What now?" he wondered.  "Hai?"  he asked.

"I almost forgot... would you like to fuck?"

Tenchi face-faulted.

=^w^=

Tenchi finally reached the shrine and tried to catch his breath.  Suddenly, 
the air seemed to shimmer around him and he felt a weird tingle spread 
throughout his body.  Everything went black.

"Oh no... not Washuu again," Tenchi groaned.

Tenchi opened his eyes.  He was on the dimly-lit bridge of an alien 
spacecraft.  The only light in the room came from the buttons on the control 
panels, which bathed the room in eerie colors that shifted constantly.  
Something about the place seemed vaguely familiar.  Was he in Washuu's 
lab...?  It seemed much too quiet for that...

Suddenly, a spotlight shone down at the other end of the room, revealing a 
beautiful light-skinned, brown-haired alien woman.  She wore a generously 
cut space bikini made of what looked to be red leather, and sinister-looking 
black boots.  Tenchi was pretty sure he had never seen the woman before, but 
it was difficult to tell in the strange lighting.

"Tenchi Misaki..." She purred, stepping gingerly over to her captive as the 
spotlight followed her.  Tenchi swallowed hard, watching her breasts bounce. 
  "...a suitible specimine for my purposes..."

"Umm... Hey... listen, I know the Galaxy Police... and they keep a pretty 
close eye on me... so you better take me back to Earth right now..."

The evil-looking brunette threw her head back and laughed, Kodachi-like.  
She jiggled while laughing, much to Tenchi's delight/discomfort.  "The 
Galaxy Police don't frighten me," she said, running a fingertip up his 
thigh.

Tenchi groaned as her fingernail teased him through the fabric of his pants 
leg.  "What do you WANT?" he wailed.  In response, the stranger simply 
lowered her face to his and kissed him, jiggling those breasts against him 
as she did so...

Tenchi gasped for air and fell backwards when she finally let him go.

"You will remove those earth pants," she said evilly, lifting a whip from 
her belt.  "If you serve me well then maybe I'll let you go..."

"Now, wait a minute..." Tenchi stammered, "Can't we talk about this...?"

*CRACK!*

The whip cracked the cold metal floor just inches away from his crotch.  
Tenchi scampered backwards like a frightened mouse as the mysterious space 
woman threw her head back and laughed and laughed and laughed.

Her brown wig fell off.

Tenchi squinted at her.  Underneath the wig, her hair was a deep shade of 
teal.

"Kiyone?"  Tenchi asked.

"Uhhhh..."  Kiyone's eyes opened wide as she realized the wig had come 
off... "I am not the one you refer to as Kiyone... uhhh... I have merely 
taken the form of... someone you have deep feelings for!"

Tenchi's eyes narrowed skeptically.  "Uh-huh... right." he looked around the 
dimly lit control room again.  Now he recognized the layout as the cockpit 
of the Yagami.  "I've had enough of this.  Can we go home now, Kiyone?"

"HEY!!  Come back here!!  I told you, I'm NOT the real Kiyone!!"

Suddenly, a screen lit up showing Mihoshi's smiling face.

"Hey, Kiyone?  Tenchi turned me down... are you busy or would you like to... 
Oooooooh!  I just *love* your new outfit, Kiyone!  Only it kinda clashes 
with your hair... maybe you should also wear that wig you bought this 
morning...?  Now THAT would be sexy, Kiyone..."  Mihoshi trailed off, 
rubbing at her blouse.

"UUUURGH!!  You IDIOT!!  Why do you always have to ruin everything with your 
BIG MOUTH!?  Uh oh..."  Kiyone looked over at the frowning Tenchi, and 
quickly hit some buttons on the control panel.

=^~^=

Tenchi opened his eyes to find himself back on Earth, right in front of his 
house.  He dusted himself off and breathed a sigh of relief.  Thank 
Kami-sama that was over with!

Tenchi was about to open the door when a very scary thought ocured to him...

Each of the girls had been behaving... strangely... today.  What would 
Ryoko, who was normally all over him anyway, be like when SHE ran into 
him...?

Tenchi shivered at the thought... but what could he do?  Stay outside the 
house all day?

Tenchi gulped nervously, and opened the door to the house.  He closed it 
silently, and tiptoed into the kitchen...

"Good morning Tenchi!"  Sasami practically yelled, "breakfast is almost 
ready!"

"Miyaaaaa!"  Cheered Ryo-ohki, hopping into the air.

"SHHHHHHH!!"  Tenchi whispered,  "Have you two seen Ryoko around here 
anywhere...?"

"No... I haven't seen her all morning, actually..."  Sasami brightened.  
"She must be asleep still.  Would you do me a favor and go get her, Tenchi?"

Tenchi sighed.  "Why me?"  he thought to himself.

=^O^=

"Ryoko?"  Tenchi whispered, peeking into each room in the upstairs hall.  
Where DID Ryoko sleep, anyway?

He checked Aieka's room, his father's room, the bathroom... hmmm... no way 
he could check the girl's side... he checked his own room after a moment of 
aprehension about what he might see if she *was* in there, lying in wait for 
him.  But nothing happened.

Finally, Tenchi walked back downstairs, only to find her sitting in the 
windowbox, looking out at the lake.

"Ah... Ryoko... there you are..."  Tenchi waited for her to pounce on him, 
but nothing happened.  She just kept looking out at the crystal blue 
surface.

Tenchi noticed something else strange... she was wearing the striped dress-- 
the one that showed absoloutely no cleavage.  Normally she only wore that 
one when it was *really* cold outside. Was she sick or something?  Tenchi 
drew closer.

"Umm... breakfast is ready..."  Tenchi continued...

"I'm not hungry,"  Ryoko sighed, gazing out at the sparkling waters.

Tenchi frowned.  That was *also* out of character for Ryoko.  "Are you 
okay?"  he asked.

No response...

"All the other girls have been acting weird today...  They've all been... 
well, rather forward towards me..." Tenchi forced a laugh.  "Even Aieka... 
heck, even Kiyone!  I didn't even think she liked me that way..."

Ryoko continued to gaze out at the water's edge.  "You soud pretty calm 
about it," she said with a slight shudder...

"Well, I think I'm still in shock..."  Tenchi paused.  "Do you know anything 
about it...?  If something's affected the girls, well... it seems to have 
had the oposite effect on you..."  Tenchi paused again.  He should just keep 
his big mouth shut... but something about the way she seemed so distant 
worried him.  It was so... unlike Ryoko.  "Heh... I mean, usually, you're 
all over me first thing in the morning and today, well..."  Tenchi feigned a 
laugh.  "Today they beat you to it.  Heh heh..."

Ryoko moaned breathily.

Tenchi blinked.

"They've all been in here..." Ryoko sighed, leaning her head back.  Her gaze 
still sought solice in the ripples on the lake.

Tenchi blinked again.  "Who has?  You mean Aieka and the others?"

Ryoko nodded.

"Well, of *course* they've been in here... they live in this house as much 
as you do..."

"No, no, no, my dear Tenchi...."  Ryoko's grin lit up for the first time 
this morning.  "I mean they've all been in *here!*"  Ryoko lifted her skirt 
and turned her body towards Tenchi, exposing her dripping love hole.  She 
gazed into Tenchi's eyes and continued to slide her fingers into herself, 
murmuring "Aieka's been here... Mihoshi's been here... Washuu's been here... 
Kiyone's been here..." Ryoko giggled.

"Ryoko's been here,"  she said happily, bringing her hand up to her mouth 
and licking her fingers clean.  "We spent the whole night together last 
night fucking each other!  And now I want *you* to be in here, too, 
Tenchi..."  Ryoko spread her neather lips apart with her fingers.  "I'm all 
yours, Tenchi Misaki..."  Ryoko wriggled her hips until droplets of her cum 
spattered to the floor.  "Fuck me," she moaned.  Ryoko arched her back and 
climaxed.

Tenchi just stood there, his eyes wide but his pupils small.

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.  No response.

Ryoko dissapeared and re-appeared naked next to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, my love!"  
she gasped, touching the buldge through his pants, "Does this mean you're 
finally not going to run away!?"

No response.

Ryoko checked his pulse and breathing.  "He's unconscious!"  She gasped.

Suddenly the closet door flew open, revealing a short, kawaii mad scientist 
that looked like she'd been halfway through dressing when she'd decided to 
drop in on Ryoko.

"Just what in the hell are you girls trying to DO!?"  she asked angrily.

^_^!

"...Tenchi... wake up already... I know it's sunday but you shouldn't sleep 
this late..."

Tenchi rolled over under his covers.

"*groan* Sasami...?  What time is it?"

"It's almost noon," Sasami said through the door, "You missed breakfast 
already!  Now don't miss lunch, sleepyhead..."

Tenchi sat up and rubbed his head.  His mind was filled with thoughts of 
going to bed last night... there were also thoughts of the girls all going 
nuts and seducing him, but those were fuzzy and a bit unrealistic.  How, for 
example, had Sasami gotten Nagi to be so gentle?  Had it all been a wierd 
and twisted dream?

~_~

"I'll go make your lunch, Tenchi!"  Sasami yelled through the door, "you 
just get up!"

"Okay..." Tenchi called back.

Sasami looked down at Washuu.  "How was that?"  she asked.

"It was perfect!"  Washuu said.  "Thanks for your help!  Now I have to go 
have a chat with the other girls about how to conduct themselves around 
Tenchi..."

Sasami thought for a moment as they walked downstairs to the kitchen.  "Just 
what DID they do that we have to trick Tenchi into thinking it was a dream?"

Washuu shook her head.  "Oh, not much... They just made a lot of dumb moves 
without thinking about what they were doing...  It's nothing... but everyone 
involved would be better off if Tenchi forgot about it, and that includes 
Tenchi himself.  Understand?"

Sasami nodded hesitantly...  "I guess so," she murmered.  Suddenly, Sasami's 
eyes lit up.  "Does it have to do with..."

Washuu nodded.

Sasami gasped.  "It wouldn't be such a big deal if it was just Ryoko 
again... was it Aieka!?"

Washuu sighed and handed her a disk.  "When you're a little older," she 
said, "This recording of this morning's events will answer all your 
questions."  She smiled as Sasami held it reverently.  "Until then, it will 
remain encrypted and totally un-playable!  My own design!"

Sasami looked down skeptically at the disk in her hands.  "I thought you 
said I wasn't too young to know about sex," she said.

"Well, I did say that," Washuu said, "but you wouldn't appreciate it nearly 
as much at your current stage of development.  Trust me on this one, 
Sasami."

Sasami smiled.  "Okay."  Sasami put the disk in her back pocket.  Wow.  
Someday... she would get to see what happened when Aieka finally made a 
move...

"You'll laugh your head off,"  Washuu added under her breath.

* * *

Aieka sighed with relief, each arm wrapped around a nude Galaxy Police 
officer.  She kissed them each on the forehead.  Mihoshi was already snoring 
lightly, while Kiyone licked Aieka's nipple in respose to the kiss.

"That was wonderful,"  Aikea sighed.

"I thought you'd like it..."  Kiyone gined impishly.  "Mihoshi and I 
practiced that all morning in order to get the timing right..."  Kiyone 
kissed the princess heavily, and so deeply that when they finally parted, a 
thin trail of saliva connected their tongues...

"Oh... god... I'm ready again..."  Aieka sighed as Kiyone dozed off.  
"Ryoko-chan?  Are you busy?"

"Mmmphm... Mmmmm..." Ryoko continued to slurp away at Washuu's cunny, 
oblivious to all else as she tried to return to the womb tongue-first.

"Hmmmm... I rather like it when you have your mouth full..."  Aieka squirmed 
free of the two dozing policewomen and crawled over to her arch-rival.  
Within seconds, her tongue and fingers were working Ryoko's pussy deep and 
fast.

"Oh GOD," Ryoko moaned between gasps...  "This is soooooo good..."  Ryoko 
came as she realized Washuu was turning herself around on her face so she 
could play with Aieka.  Aieka lifted herself up, spread her legs, and began 
sliding her slit along Ryoko's.  Ryoko could do nothing but purr into her 
mother's ass as princess and scientist began frenching and groping each 
other's breasts...

"This is so good,"  Aieka sighed once they'd finally stopped to rest.  
"Washuu... when is this extra lust from the H-ray supposed to wear off?"

Washuu grinned evilly.  "Four days," she said.

Aieka sighed.  "Four days left of this heaven," she said sadly.  "Then I go 
back to being an uptight bitch..."  She pouted.

"Hey... what are you saying?"  Ryoko asked with a grin. "Do you want Washuu 
to zap you again?  Maybe turn you into a pervert for good?"

Aieka shuddered.  "No, of course not!  That would be..."  Aieka paused to 
search for the right word... "...weird..."  she said hesitantly.

"Actually," Washuu said softly, "That's not what I meant.  I mean it takes 
four days from the INITIAL EXPOSURE for the effects of H-ray treatement to 
wear off."

Aieka froze.

"Washuu..." Ryoko rubbed her forehead, trying to get the room to stop 
spining.  "Are you saying that we've been cured already for the past three 
DAYS!?"

Washuu laughed maniacally.  "Yep!  All that time, you've been acting on fond 
memories and your own hormones!"

Aieka's head hit the ground with a soft thump.

"Geez... well, she's taking it better than I expected... What do you think 
we should do to her while she's unconscious, Ryoko...?"

*SMACK!!*

"OW!!"  Washuu stood up, a bright red palm-print glowing on her cheek.  "Is 
that the thanks I get after all I've done for you girls!?"

But Ryoko didn't answer... she was already over at the bed, whispering into 
Kiyone's ear...

"NANI!?"  Kiyone sat upright, eyes glowing green...  then she spotted 
Washuu.  "YOU!!!"  Her eyes turned red.

"Uh-oh..." Washuu said, calling up her holo-top...  Too late.  Kiyone 
reached through the screen and started banging Washuu's head against the 
wall.

"Gaaaaghhh!!  Emergency Voice Control... Restrain... hostile... forces..." 
metal tenticals snaked out and grabbed Kiyone, pulling her away from her 
intended victim.  Washuu tapped a button, and another group of tenticals 
restrained Ryoko.

"Now then..."  Washuu stood up and brushed herself off.  "For that little 
outburst, I think you both deserve to meet my little friend the Hermaphropod 
Scion...."

THE END?

-Feedback can be sent to warpzone32@hotmail.com


