Tenchi Muyo UNLIMITED Chapter 2 -Tsunami
by The Dragon
dragon11686@aol.com

Authors note
my spelling sucks doesn't it? well I keep forgetting to use spell check
(doh!).
well bear with me folks, i am climbing the mountain to seek wisdom with the
Tenchi Fic greats thomas doscner009 and company. bear with me...thanks

- - - - - - -

Tenchi Muyo and it's characters are owned by Pioneer and Aic
I just this crappy story ( really crappy if you ask me ) ect. ect.

Tenchi Muyo UNLIMITED Chapter-2 Tsunami's trainning

- - - - -

Tenchi was surprised.

He had just met these 2 women who were telling him how he was to be trainned
to fight 3 powerful Goddess. Not only that but  Tsunami and Tokimi were
staring at him a great deal, which made him uneasey. Tenchi was familiar
with
Tsunami but Tokimi....... she was a new one, he had never seen or heard of
her before. but she seemed to  know a great deal about him. Things were
going
to get a whole lot worse for the poor guy.

Everyone was seated in the kitchen around the table. Tsunami and Tokimi  had
come and explained the entire situation to everyone. Ryoko's mouth had to be
put back in place, because when she found her mother Washu was a Goddess and
that she was a demigod her mouth went to the floor and stayed there.
Ayeka of course, being able to see the famouse Jurai Goddess in her presence
began to babble constantly 5 minutes later Washu injected a needle in her
neck and Ayeka passed out. of course she wasnt dead just uncouncise. Sasami
made everyone lunch and sat along the table next to Tsunami.
"I cant beleive im going to look like that when i grow up" Sasami said in
amazement.
"Trust me" Tsunami said " you'll have never looked so good. Ayeka and Ryoko
don't stand a chance against this" Tsunami gloated while tossing her hair
back in a cute fashion.
"keep in mind sister  we're hear to be seriouse, besides im alot cuter than
you" Tokimi added
" No way Im the cutest!" Washu yelled
" No I am!!"
" No its me!"
" No ME!!"

Watching the 3 sisters argue caused everyone to sweatdrop, Yosho of course
just continued to drink his tea.

5 minutes later Sasami had calmed the 3 down and Tenchi began to ask his
questions.
Besides its not every day your'e asked to save reality from eternal
darkness.

"Let me get this straight" Tenchi began. "You want me to train with you 3,
to
fight 3 Goddess who are going to counqere this and all dimensions"

"Exactly" said Tsunami.

Tenchi did the only logical thing his brain allowed him to do.

*thump*

everyone stared at tenchi on the floor out cold.
after several minutes
 Mihoshi broke the silence.

" uh oh Tenchi passed out, whatarewegonndo!! whatarewegonnado!!"

 once again Washuu did the "needle in the neck trick" and Mihoshi was out
like a light

after helping put Tenchi in his room to rest, the others allowed Sasami to
stay in and take care of him.

Ryoko  and Ayeka wern't  trusted to do it because they didn't want Tenchi to
wake up screaming. the Goddess went back to Wasu's lab then went to a rest
area located there.

Looking at this room you'd think you were in paradise

A beautiful greenery setting  with varieties of beautiful plants and trees

 there was also a waterfall and a nice mountain scenery.

Washuu showed them around. the lush forest like room then they wnet inside
of
a cabin she kept inside the rest area. Washuu and Tsunami made there way to
the living room table and sat down, Tokimi voluntered to make tea.
"So" Washu began "when do we start". Tsunami answered the question "Soon.
Tenchi knows not of his abilities like we do, the boy posses potential but
the first step, the manisfestation of 3 of his 10 light hawk wings has
started"Tokimi had  come inside the room with teapot filled with green tea.
she poured Washu and Tsunami their cups then filled her own and sat down.
"Ahhh green tea my favorite" Washu quipped, she took the cup up to her lips
and sipped..... 5 seconds later she spitted the tea out.

"What the hell is that !!?, thats wost tea this reality has ever seen !" .
Tsunami giggled "well Tokimi never could make tea right"  " Washu could
never
make tea either!" Tokimi shot back. Washu snickered " we're the same as
always. "after these thousands of years nothing has changed since" Tsunami
said , sipping her tea, tea SHE made, she had enough sense not to drink her
sisters tea, simply because she'd never survive its bad taste.

Tenchi's head hurt.

He awoke to find himself in his room.with a massive headache too, he scanned
the room and saw that Sasami was sleep in a chair.

Laughing to himself he picked up Sasami and gently placed her on his bed and
wrapped the cover around her and left the room. Tenchi made his way
downstairs to the living room, his head still hurted he needed some asprin
badly. Grunting with the pain of his head bothering him he went inside the
kitchen and looked inside the medicine cabinet, no asprin, he looked in the
next one, no  asprin.

Tenchi's headache was getting worse, he was getting frantic now, he quickly
ran upstairs to the bathroom, he nearly ripped it off hinges looking for
some
painkillers, .... not a bottle.

The pain was getting even worse now. as if his head was getting split open
by
someone's bare hands.

"ugggh".

Grasping his head. Tenchi struggled to Washu's Lab door to find out if she
could help him.
the teleporter instantly transported him down, Tenchi's vision was getting
hazy and he was having trouble walking.

"Man i've never had a headache this big before...it's too much to bear....".

Tenchi finally slumped down on the lab floor.

- - - - - -

Space

It's a dark place. dark and silent

Its only light is the stars that lives in it's prescence

but one thing you'll never find in space are crystals

but there it is, in all its glory.

------------

Nag-la snorted in amusment.

She had only used a simple mind squeeze on the boy and in minute's he passed
out

"the boy is weak we should win easily"

Chag- la came into view beheind her sister.

"easy now sister we musnt forget that the boy hasnt been trainned yet"

Sorieta joined them into viewing the screen.

"hmmm he is cute isn't he though"

"Sorieta!!' both Nag-la and Chag-la said  at once.

" we dont have the time..."

"To think about relationships"

Nag-la stared at the screen a bit more.

" but he does seem atractive"

Chag-la batted both Nag-la and Sorieta on the head with a fan.

"we'll decide what to do with the boy later, right now we have reality to
counquere"

"well I have always wondered about that "sex subject mortals always talk
about" Sorieta said.

Nag-la quickly added " and it does seem fun"

Chag-la had a thoughtful look on her face for momment then smiled along with
them

" your right it does seem fun and the boy is cute, heh lets have some fun"
a
demon like smile growing on Nag-la's lips

"Yess!"

C&C to dragon11686@aol.com
flames are welcome and so are MST's (actually there begged for)
Let me know what you think and feel free to lend idea's and show where i
need
to improve in my writing. Thanks
