Tenchi Muyo and its characters are owned by Pioneer and Aic.
I only own the crapy story and ect. ect.
dont sue

Authors note: i know I know my story sucks and punctuation sucks too, bbut
please bear with me i,ve never written Fan-Fiction before. But like wine my
stories will get better with time. thanks

Tenchi Muyo UNLIMITED

The Training

----------
The sun has risen over the horizen of the moutain, beautiful trees are
present in the lush forests of Japan. and through the mountain peek you see
2
figures, one seems to be a senior yet his face shows the wisdom of his
years.
Beside the man is a younger figure, carfree face, spiky hair and a ponytail.

Tenchi and katsuhito were walking down the shrine steps after the days
lessons, Tenchi once again had lost and once again his grandfather bestowed
the words on how he lost. Tenchi was extremly tired from the workout and was
looking forward to a nice hot bath.. minus 2 certain alien women he knew.

The door opened and Tenchi braced  for impact. 5...4....3...2...1

" TENCHI!! ".

Ryoko hurdled herself against Tenchi, knocking the wind out of him and
making
him fall on  the floor. " Oh Tenchi Ryoko missed you so much " said Ryoko as
she nuzzled her cheek against Tenchi's

Tenchi struggled to get up, but he was cought in a tight grip for Ryoko was
holding both of his arms down. unfortunently he made a mistake trying to
bring his head up.

" MMPH " Tenchi also forgot to take into note that Ryoko was a few inches
above him. " Oh Tenchi" cooed Ryoko " Looks like you want some milk, here
let
me help" Ryoko then began to lower down the top part of her dress and much
to
Tenchi's bad luck she didn't have a bra on.

Ryoko then took Tenchi's face and stuffed his mouth onto one of her cherry
pink  nipples.

"oooh Tenchi just have a taste" * BAM*

Much to Tenchi's releif Ayeka had kicked Ryoko off

" Leave Lord Tenchi alone! You demonoic space whore! "

" No way My royal Bitchiness

" oooohhhh...SCREW YOU "

Ryoko was surpised at Ayeka's last comment, she had never used common words
and insulted in a proper way ( very hard beleive me).

Ryoko being Ryoko still had to leave with the last word

" well well the little bitchy princess has  earned a back bone to talk like
the "demon"

"oooooh!!!!!"

Ayeka, face red with anger, summoned her logs, Ryoko began to power up.

And the house once again needed its living room repaired.

fortunently all those witnessing the fight had enough sense to laeve  the
room.

Ryoko coughed some smoke out her mouth, face chared black , she let a moan
escape before fainting. Ayeka  was staggering around.

- - - - - -

Dozens of soundsof machinery were heard following the sound of hums of
electricity.  We find Washu staring into nothingess. her familliar  shoulder
puppets popped up to see why their creator was staring instead of being an
insane mastermind.

" Whats wrong Washu?" pipped Puppet A

" yes what is the matter Washu? "

Washuu popped out of her current funk and smiled at her 2 little creations.
"
Oh nothing just expecting company"

" What kind of company? Washu" Puppet A asked

"Family..."

suddenly a bright flash was seen in the middle of the lab, when the light
ended there stood 2 figures. Light Goddess Tsunami and Tokimi.

Tsunami instantly emited a greeting.

"Greetings sister" Tsunami spoke as she bowed, Tookimi also bowed along
Tsunami.

Washuu wasted no time and instantly got to buisness.

"Have they escaped?"

"Yes" said Tokimi

Washu sighed and imediatley sat down in her chair

" I knew this would happen" she said. "But its to soon, they must have more
powerful than we thought"

Tokimi also added to the conversation.

" They may be  free but blind to are wearabouts, we have to train Tenchi
now"

Tsunami was surprised to Tokimi words, she unlike Tokimi wanted to wait.
Tenchi wasn't prepared for the onslaught of events headed his way, to rush
things would make them worse.

Tokimi, somehow hearing Tsunami's thoughts also added in " However we can
wait a few weeks before the trainning". Tsunami smiled.

Washu silent throughout it all spoke.

"Well first we have to break it to the others, lets go upstairs"

Tsunami and Tokimi hearing this , panicked

" Hows my hair! HOWS MY HAIR DAMMIT!! "

Tsunami was constantly boaring out how her hair was while Tokimi had taken
out a mirrior to inspect herself.

Washu sweatdropped

" What are you 2 doing? why so hyper about going upstairs to meet Tenchi"

" If I am to be Tenchi's bride i must look perfect!!!" Tsunami and Tokimi
shouted at Washu.

" What do you mean You be his bride, Tenchi is mine " Tsunami shouted

" No TENCHI IS MINE! " roared Tokimi

Tsunami and Tokimi started fighting and formed a  dustcloud, Washu just
looked on

" What do you mean Tenchi is going to chose ME" inquired Washu.

It took 2 seconds before Tsunami and Tokimi joined forces and dragged Washu
into the beating

The Masaki house just got wilder
