Tenchi Muyo Is owned by Pioneer
I just own this crappy story
So please please please don't sue!

Tenchi Muyo
UNLIMITED
Prologue: The Beginning
By The Dragon
Dragon11686@aol.com

Authors Note
This is a Story were Tokimi is NOT a villian, I've seen a lot of FF were
Tokimi is portrayed as an evil person. There are few Fan Fics were Tokimi is
a hero ( Mugen Tenchi Muyo) so I've decided to give her a good name
- - - - -

In the beginning there were a people.

 Not just ordinary peoples no these people were extremely powerful, able to
create in the blink of an eye and destroy with the snap of a finger.

They were the Race of Gods and Goddess called Higherbeings, now these people
were powerful yes but strong in pity, they never used their power to bring
any type of suffering or pain onto the "lesser" people of other dimensions.

Though they were a pity, they still were not all good; the people were
identified by their association,
The Higherbeings of light and Darkbeings of darkness. Though rivals, they
never wasted time on petty battles.

No their power was concentrated on races of planets they favored, if they
favored it enough they used their abilities to help advance the race, (via
Tsunami and Jurai) spanning a territory for that God or Goddess.

Most of the time both the Light and the Dark would compete to see who would
have more territory, causing fights to develop between 2 over who would take
over the race

Though all was well with both societies, until a mysterious death over the
leaders of both groups suddenly occurred, neither knowing who was
responsible
no how both died, ultimately great fighting did ensure.

The fighting went on for a millennia destroying countless dimensions, each
side fighting for the revenge of their fallen leaders. The ultimate goal was
to eliminate each side once and for all to solve the problem.

Then it finally came the end, not the end of the battle but the end of the
race. The Higherbeings fighting killed off many of the people leaving only 8
survivors left, 4 Goddess and 1 God of light and 3 Goddess of darkness.

Washu,Tokimi, Tsunami,Achika and Noboyuki of light, Chag-la, Sorieta and
Nag-la of darkness, this was a battle to decide the outcome of who would be
the remainder to have their territory of races and honor their fallen
leaders.

Ultimately the fighting began, neither side gaining an advantage of the
battle. Achika and Noboyuki had only waned peace, they never approved of
fighting because of its violent nature.

Tsunami, Washu and Tokimi who were sisters, all had their own agenda in the
fight but all had the same goal, they had known Achika and Noboyuki since
their childhood and both knew that their combined strength would ensure a
solid victory

         How wrong they were.

The Goddess of Darkness were 3 of the leader of the Dark association
personal
guards and packed quite a punch, the 3 were aware of their power and knew
they could match the 5 Gods of light. But also knew they could go for blow
to
blow, this made them use strategy more than brute strength.

Finally Washu devised a plan to help them put the fight in their favor. When
the Goddess arrived to once again do battle, they would all combine their
power to imprison them into a crystal shard that would put them into a deep
sleep.

When Nag-la and her group arrived, Washu and the others were ready to end it
once and for all, Striking out in her charge of battle she Achika and
Noboyuki went and did battle with the 3 Goddess. Tsunami and Tokimi sat in
the sidelines, gathering energy for the shard that would imprison them.

The fight didn't go as planned.

It seemed that without all 5 of them Washu and her team would be badly
beaten
by the 3 Dark ones, once Tsunami and Tokimi witnessing the others losing
they
quickly sped up the rate of the crystal and launched it to the Goddess.

But the crystal was incomplete being used to early, so instead of an eternal
sleep it only made them sleep for several millennia.

    But the victory was not without a price

Achika and Noboyuki were badly wounded and were on the verge of dying,
Desperate, Tokimi found a quick solution. She took away the powers and
memories of both of them, she then gave them mortal bodies and sent them to
be reborn and live out lives as mortals and hopefully one day return to
being
what they once were. Higherbeing Gods.

Washu, feeling responsible for the predicament Achika and Noboyuki were in,
sealed her powers away into 3 gems gave herself a mortal body and sent
herself to be with the 2. She gave her body an internal program to protect
both of them until they became Higherbeings again.

Tsunami and Tokimi were left with the responsibility of helping their fellow
Gods out, but also knowing that the 3 Dark Goddess would be revived one day.
Went into planning, to fight the threat when it did return.

Though along space lies the crystal in which 3 powerful goddess are
imprisoned.
And in the cold vast darkness of space, a mind wanders and plans.
And though the mind cant use it's body, its mind is still functional and it
does think.
And there's only one thing the mind is set on… revenge

The beginning

Authors Notes

So how did you like it? It's my first Fan Fic ^_^

C&C to Dragon11686@aol.com. And flames are welcome
Please tell me what you think …Till next fic
