Warning: This is just a fan-fic, it is in no way a real documents on the 
series, it also may contain explicit content!Oh, and the characters in 
this fic are not mine(with the exception of one) and belong to the tru 
creators of Tenchi Muyo and other animes. This story is in no way real 
or a fact or even a miniseries on the tv show, it's just fanfic for 
CHRIST'S SAKE! So please, don't anybody sue me, I have absolutely no 
financial resources! And the character in this story, who I claim is 
mine(named SHOKU) is my own creation(if anyone japanese has this name, 
due forgive me, I don't know everyone's name you know!).


Tenchi Muyo 3:The final chapter


         The Scene:  It was normal thursday when tenchi and thegang 
awaken to the smell of a delicious breakfast. Sasami is in the kitchen 
getting everything ready, while the rest of the gang are in the living 
room,(save Tenchi's dad Nobuyuki, who is at work in the city, and his 
grandfather who is at the sthrine). This is where it starts.


                        "Hey you guys, guess what I've been up to?," 
Washu says. "What have you been doing down there?" Sasami wonders as she 
brings in the food. "Well, I've been studying on the at-----," Washu is 
cut off by loud splash outside. It is Kiyone and Mihoshi returning from 
there jobs at the galaxy police station. Both Mihoshi and Kiyone come in 
with delightfull grins on there faces. Everyone wonders why Kiyone is 
smiling. "What's up guys, we're hungry and off duty, and since we were 
in the neighborhood, we decided to stop by. "Sure join us," Tenchi 
exclaims. "So anyway, I've been studying some strange occurances on my 
space sattelite." Washu states. "Ive been seeing some things on my 
radar," Washu continues. " What are they, and how many?" Ayeka asks 
bluntly. "They appear to be spacecrafts of some kind, and there are 
three of them. The closest one was heading straight toward us, so I 
assumed naturally it was Kiyone and Mihoshi, in which I was right," 
Washu says proudly. 

                        A few moments after they finish they their 
meals, they begin to hear a loud whistling sound. "What's that?" Ryoko 
asks as all of them rush outside. As they look up they see another space 
ship crashing down in the woods. Curious of what it is they all rush 
over to where the spaceship is. Smoke is rising from it, and Washu 
discovers that it has strange words on the side of it, in both japanese 
and english. "What do you think it could be," asks Sasami. "Could this 
be one of the aircrafts you detected Washu," Mihoshi says. "Possibly," 
Washu says. Just as they circle the ship and discover a door, they start 
to hear a strange voice from inside, like somone moaning in pain. "What 
was that?" Tenchi wonders. As he says this the door opens and they hear 
a computerized voice saying, "we have now landed Mr. Shoku." They all 
marvel at the sound of hearing the ship speak. "I'm going to take a look 
you guys," Ryoko says. "Be careful Ryoko," Tenchi yells. "Don't worry," 
she says as she turns her head and winks. Just as she does that 
something falls out of the ship and lands on the ground in front of 
them.

                       They all gasp as they realize what it is. A young 
man who looks about Tenchi's age lays sprawled on the ground. He is 
covered with scrapes, bumps, bruises, and bleeding cuts on various parts 
of his upper body. "Who is this young boy," Ayeka wonders. "And what 
happened to him," Kiyone asks. "I don't know," Sasami says, rushing over 
to his aid, "but we can't just leave him like this." "She's right," 
Tenchi says, "let's get back to the house." As they carry him inside, 
something falls out of his torn and tattered pants. Kiyone realizes its 
a wallet of some sort and bends down to get it. As she opens it she sees 
a drivers i.d. and a some money, as well as several pictures of strange 
people and also some trojans. "What's all this doing in here," She 
wonders as she peaks at the i.d. "Hey guys, get a look at this," Kiyone 
exclaims outloud. Everyone turns as she reads what's on the i.d.

                      It reads: Shoku Shinyoku, ht:6ft, wt:167 lbs. "So 
his name is Shoku," Ayeka says. "It says here that he's only 17, who 
would seen someone so young into outer space all by themselves," Kiyone 
wonders, scratching her head. Ryoko grabs one of the pieces of paper and 
unfolds it to read it. As she does she begins to eye the young man with 
suspicion. "Get a load of this," Ryoko says as she reads the paper out 
aloud. "My journey has just begun, and yet I already miss my home. This 
new universe is so big, much like my own. I've just arrived here and am 
looking for a suitable planet to land on to refuel my ship, stock up on 
food(this training has made me a starvin marvin!), and get some other 
types of help. Hopefully I will be able to explore this new universe and 
do what I've come here to do. Afterwards I will hopefully be able to 
make it back home. My name is Shoku, and I know your saying "what is a 
boy his age doing out alone in space???", let me reassure you I CHOSE to 
do this. I felt as if an adventure would give me the strength I needed 
to return home a changed man. This is Shoku signing off." "Ah, so that 
explains some of it," Mihoshi declared. "Yeah, but still there are some 
other questions that still need to be answered," said Ryoko,"like why 
would he volunteer to go into outerspace?" "And what other universe was 
he talking about?" Washu said rubbing her chin. "And how did he get so 
banged up?" Kiyonne added.

                     Two weeks later, Tenchi walks in from school to see 
the young man sitting on the couch, surrounded by everyone. "So are 
friend is finally up and about huh?" Tenchi says. "Come have a seat 
Tenchi?" Sasami says, "he's just about to tell us his story." "Yes 
Tenchi come sit right here!" Ryoko and Ayeka say at the same time as 
they get into another shoving match. After they calm down Tenchi sits 
next to Sasami as Yosho begins. "So, tell us your story young one." he 
says. "Tell about your journeys in space." "Well first allow me to 
introduce myself, my name is Shoku." he declares. "Well I am Yosho, and 
this is my son Nobuyuki Masaki, and my grandson Tenchi Masaki." he says 
pointing. "Hi how you doing?" Nobuyuki says. "Please to meet you," 
Tenchi follows. "And these are our friends Ryoko the space pirate, Washu 
the greatest scientist in this universe, Princesses' Ayeka and Sasami 
from the planet Jurai, and Kiyonne and Mihoshi from the galaxy police 
department. "Hello Shoku!" everyone says in unison. He waved back at 
them. "I'm from a another universe parallel to this one," he says as 
everyone gasps in surprise. "I came here through a black hole which I 
used as a worm hole to get here. I came here to help some people who I 
soon became good friends with. I had just come from their planet when I 
was knocked off course by a solar explosion from a nearbye sun. My ship 
still remained intact but I was knocked unconcious when the shockwaves 
hit as I was training." "Training for what?" Ayeka asks. "Training to 
protect my own universe from the evil that was beginning to follow me, I 
lost it during the bumpy ride." "Is that why you were all beat up and 
bloody?" Kiyonne asks with a look of worry on her face, trying not to 
let anyone see it though. "Not from the explosion I'm afraid, but from 
my training." "Well that answers a lot," Yosho says," you'd better get 
some more rest, you can stay with Tenchi in his room untill you feel 
your ready to leave." "Thank you so kindly for your hospitality, here's 
something for you troubles." Shoku says handing him 650 yen. "Why thank 
you," Yosho says smiling as he walks out. "Well I'd better get going to 
catch my flight, see you guys later." says Nobuyuki following right 
behind him. "Let me show you upstairs," Tenchi says. "Why thank you, and 
goodnight everyone," he says as he turns and waves. 

                       "Huuuuummmmmm," Washu says puzzled. "Well guys 
this sword of his is amazingly and ingeniuosly made and crafted. It 
seems are friend here is also a skilled fighter as well as a space 
explorer." "Is that right?" Ryoko says. "Yes, and my studies on him 
while he was unconcious indicate that he is also a pretty strong young 
man as well. See here, his energy level is very high, beyond normal 
human standards." she says pointing to a chart. "So what does it mean?" 
Ayeka says. "Let me put it to you in lamens terms," Washu says 
sarcastically," If he were to unleash all this energy at once, he could 
destroy entire mountains or even this planet possibly!" "Yeah, but I 
don't think he would do that," Tenchi states as he looks out the window 
at Shoku, who seems to be concentrating really hard. "We stayed up 
talking for awhile last night and he seems like a very kind person." 
"Well we still don't know that for sure, I can't get close enough to 
study him further since he has woke up." Washu states. "All I know is 
what he told us and what my cpu studies have found out so far, including 
that he is quite HUGE in the mens department," Washu says jokingly as 
she holds up a picture of his anterior and posterior. "Oh my goodness" 
Tenchi yells trying to shield his eyes. "Looks like I have 2 guinea pigs 
now!" Washu says triumphantly. 

                     Meanwhile the scene cuts to another spaceship which 
has recently landed. Two dark figures say "I'm coming for you prince of 
Jurai!, ha ha ha h ah ah ha" he gloats. The next two days were hectic as 
Shoku and Tenchi suddenly got along quite nicely, and started training 
together, which was ok accept for the fact that the girls seemed to be 
keeping their eyes on both of them suspiciously. "This new guy seems 
evenly matched with Tenchi as in their sword fighting skills." Ayeka 
comments. "Yeah and to make it worse he's not badlooking either," Sasami 
says giggling. The next night a festival is held for valentines day. 
There at the dance recidal, Tenchi and Shoku take turns dancing with 
every single on of the girls twice in a row. "Whew I'm beat,"Tenchi says 
as he flops down in a chair next by the refreshment table. "Yeah so am 
I," Shoku says as he flops down right beside him. "Don't these girls 
ever give it a rest," Tenchi asked. "Yeah, and why have they been acting 
so strange towards me lately?" Shoku asks as well. "Now that you mention 
it, they have been acting a little funny lately, even towards me," 
Tenchi agrees. "You know they've all given me this strange look while 
I've been dancing with them," Shoku states. "They've been doing the same 
to me to, I wonder what's going on." Tenchi replies. They continue two 
joke and laugh untill the girls scoop them up and dance with them again, 
before they all leave.

                    Later that night at the house, Washu creeps into 
Tenchi's room while everyone is asleep, holding a shot needle in her 
hand. "There now he won't wake up long enough for me to complete my 
research on him." She says as she barely picks him up to carry him to 
the lab. "Boy you weigh a ton," she says sarcastically. Down at the lab 
she undresses various parts of his body as she studies him. "Are friend 
here is very strong indeed, his muscle capacity is at a weightlifters 
level, yet he's only 17 years old," she says staring at him,"what kind 
of training have you been doing." When she undresses his pants she 
notices a big bulge in them. "Wow, you do come prepared," She says 
stripping him completely naked. As she continues to study him she is 
overcome with temptation. "Well I suppose it has been awhile," she 
says,"and what better time than now." Before she went any further she 
noticed the 2 letters tattood on his dick, the letters D and J. "Who the 
hell is D.J.?" she says. Figuring she would ask him later, she slowly 
slid his dick in her mouth. He stirred for a moment but then settled 
back down. She did it again, this time she kept going a little faster as 
she rolled her tongue around his head. As she began to go even faster 
she felt something grab her hair. She looked up to notice that he was 
wide awoke and pleased with what she was doing. "No need to stop, once 
you have started," he says smiling. She begins again for 10 min until he 
stops her, lifts her onto the table he was lying on, and begins to lick 
her cunt while sliding his two fingers into her, only to here her moan 
at the sight of pleasure. He to began to go faster and his pace 
quickened as she neared her climax and her muscles tighten. Bam, she let 
out a nut right on the table, and then he stood up and said,"allow me to 
introduce you to D.J." Just then he slid da dick in her and she moaned 
again at the sensation. Again his pace quickened, then slowed down, then 
sped right back up, untill a short while after her 3rd nut, he took D.J. 
out and let loose a nut all over her buttocks. Then he got dressed and 
went back upstairs.

                  Meanwhile Tenchi was walking down the hall when Ayeka 
came out in front of him. "Goodevening Lord Tenchi, why are you up so 
late?" she asked. "I'm just getting some milk," he said. "Oh that's just 
where I was going, so why don't I join you," she asked.  As they walked 
down the stairs, Shoku walked by them. "Good evening princess, good 
evening Tenchi," he said as he strolled by them. Tenchi gave him a 
little wink as if he new of Shoku's activities just earlier. He thought 
nothing of it though. Meanwhile in the kitchen, Tenchi opens the fridge 
and grabs the milk while Ayeka grabs two glasses. "So Lord Tenchi how 
are things between you and Shoku, what do you think of him?" she asked 
with suspicion. "Oh I think he's a great guy, almost like me," he stated 
with pride. "Finally a friend who doesn't torment me, but instead can 
relate to my hysteria," he continued. "Well you two seem to be getting 
along quite well,"she added. "Yeah its to bad he'll have to leave soon 
though." Tenchi stated with a frown. "What do you mean, have to leave," 
Ayeka said with shock. "He told me his universe may be in danger and he 
must go to make sure nothing happens to it." Tenchi said sipping his 
milk. "That's going to be very disappointing to Kiyone, she seems to be 
taking a liking to him," Ayeka tweaked," all she does is wonder where he 
came from, why he's been alone for so long, and if he'll be ok."  "It 
seems as if she does care for him," Tenchi said as he finished his 
glass. "Almost the same way I care about you lord Tenchi," she said 
quietly. Tenchi looked up with a face as if to say "how did I know she 
was going to say something like that just now." "I mean that I have 
drempt of the day we married Tenchi and I would have you all to myself," 
Ayeka said with childlike eyes. "I've waited so long for this 
opportunity Tenchi," She said getting all up on him. Just as she leaned 
forward to kiss him a voice from behind them said,"so what do you think 
your doing," stood an angry Ryoko with a look as if she was about to 
kill someone.

                             "Well what do you think we're doing," Ayeka 
says defensively as she moves in front of Tenchi, "We are having an 
intimate moment if you don't mind." The two stand face to face untill 
Tenchi moves in between them. "Hey you guys, quit fighting damn it," he 
says with anger. "Man I wish you two could just share anything for once 
in your life besides the bath."  Ayeka and Ryoko look at each other 
strangely as thoughts begin to run through their heads, each other 
thinking the same thing. The concept of them sharing anything besides 
the bath, let alone a man, had never once crossed their minds. Slowly, 
as Tenchi was in the fridge with his back turned, they began to undress 
themselves. Tenchi turned to see a sight he never thought he'd see in a 
lifetime, Ayeka and Ryoko stood right in front of him butnaked. Before 
he could say anything or put up struggle, Ryoko was dragging him into 
the living room while Ayeka stripped him of his clothes. Ryoko and Ayeka 
had childlike smiles on their faces as they stared at Tenchi's wang 
which lay there right in their faces. They slowly began to lick the 
sides of it until Ryoko went to the head. Tenchi, who now lay powerless 
to stop them, could only groan in pleasure and take it like a man. 
Meanwhile Ayeka was now leaning up and kissing Tenchi while Ryoko went 
to work. Tenchi began to go with the flow as he could do nothing to stop 
this. Slowly he worked his way downtown like a patriot as Ryoko now sat 
on top of him and started riding him. "Uh oh goodness, oh goodness," 
Ryoko kept chanting. Ayeka moaned in pleasure as she became overwhelmed 
by Tenchi's tongue now wrestling with her cunt. Ryoko kept riding him 
for half an hour until she sat up and slid his wang out and started 
shaking it. Tenchi moaned again as he let out a huge nut all over 
Ryoko's leg. Ayeka and Ryoko then switched places as Tenchi was now face 
first in Ryoko's cunt, while Ayeka began riding Tenchi's wang. "Oh GOD, 
Oh GOD," Ayeka now began screaming. Ayeka came 20 minutes into it, and 
shortly after Tenchi let out another nut, this time on Ayeka leg. The 
two girls fell asleep as Tenchi snuck up stairs. 

                             Before Tenchi got upstairs, Mihoshi came 
out of their room and caught Shoku offguard. The two talked on the way 
back to Tenchi's room, and when Shoku was going into the room and turned 
around to say goodnight when Mihoshi gave him a big wet one on lips, 
catching him completely offguard as her tongue probed his mouth. She 
pushed him into the room and began to undress him. She ripped off his 
pants and draws(he had left his shirt downstairs, stupid Shoku, why 
attract so much attention), and then undressed herself as Shoku 
helplessly watched, still stunned from the kiss. He feasted his eyes on 
Mihoshi's nakedness and strangely became excited by the view he had. "So 
what do you think," she said. "I think I'm going to kill you," Kiyone 
exclaimed from behind. "Calm down Kiyone," Mihoshi said as she walked 
towards her. "It'll be okay you, why don't you join us," she said as she 
began rubbing on one of Kiyone's breast. As Shoku saw Kiyone give into 
the pleasure, he walked over and began to help her with her shirt while 
rubbing on the other breast. Soon after that Kiyone's lower region was 
being explored by Shoku's tongue, as Mihoshi was rolling his head around 
the inside of her mouth. She then began to pull it in and pull it out, 
and then quickened her pace. 10 minutes later she was sitting on top of 
him getting herself a ride. Half an hour later she stopped, pulled his 
wang out, and started shaking it, lettin the nut go all over her legs 
and abdomen. Afterwards she rolled over and fell asleep. Kiyone then 
looked up as Shoku leaned down and kissed her. Meanwhile Tenchi was 
coming up the stairs and heard Sasami moaning for help. He rushed into 
the room to see Sasami twisting and turning in her sleep, another 
nightmare he thought. He squatted down beside her and shook her to wake 
her up. "Oh Tenchi its you," she said with relief as she sat up to hug 
him. "I was having such a terrible dream, but it seemed so real." "Well 
everything will be alright," he said as he looked down at her. With 
sudden surprise she leaned up and kissed him. 

                     Tenchi was astonished to see Sasami do this kind of 
thing. She slowly began to undress herself. "Tenchi I have to confess, 
I've loved you just as much as Ayeka and Ryoko have, maybe even more." 
She then removed his clothing, and said "take me now, I beg of you." 
Tenchi giving in to temptation, he kissed her back, and the two began to 
roll around on the floor, with Tenchi ending up on top of her. "Uh OH 
oooohhhhh," Sasami began repeating, as Tenchi went in and out of her 
love tunnel. Meanwhile in the opposite room, Shoku too was on top of 
Kiyone, the two kissing each other as he had decided to give her his 
Barry White special. Kiyone moaning at every push, her moans soon became 
mild screams as she reached her climax, and began wetting the comforter 
they were lying on. Sasami soon was doing the same to the comforter she 
and Tenchi were on, and soon, Tenchi joined her in the comforter wetting 
game. After that they slept on the bed, both to tired to get up. Shoku 
soon busted a nut, but unlike the others, he got to wrapped up in his 
excitement and didn't pull out. The next morning everyone joined in the 
living room, no one speaking a word, and everyone looking at one another 
as if nervous to speak. Soon they heard a loud crash outside. When they 
rushed outside, they saw Kagato and Cain standing right in front of them 
with grins wide on their faces. Tenchi and Shoku dove out of the way of 
a blast let out by Cain that knocked down everyone else. Tenchi and 
Kagato drew their swords and began attacking each other as Shoku squared 
off with Cain. As Kagato and Tenchi's swords struck, electricity shot 
out from them, hitting and knocing down nearbye trees. Meanwhile Shoku 
threw punches and kicks at Cain, who knocked him back, only to see Shoku 
throw a small ball of energy at him. It hit, but Cain still stood, and 
the two threw blasts at each other and began a power war. The two blasts 
continued sway back and forwards, while Ayeka enclosed everyone in a 
shield to protect them. Tenchi swung at Kagato only to miss him and get 
blasted from behind into a tree. "Tenchi nooooo," Ryoko screamed. Kagato 
then blasted Shoku from behind and sent him flying right into a 
clothesline from Cain. Kiyone then fired her gun at Kagato who had his 
sword raised in the air, ready to strike. Cain shot another blast at 
them, this time it hitting Kiyone  and injuring her in the shoulder, 
close to the heart. "Nooooooooooooooooooooooo," Shoku yelled out loud 
with tears in his eyes. He looked around to see Ayeka and the others 
kneeled down beside Kiyone, all injured, Kiyone bleeding. He looked over 
to Tenchi, who was leaning up against the tree he hit. He then 
remembered the message his computer sent him this morning, telling him 
that his planet in his home universe was nowhere to be found. He thought 
about everyone he'd ever known, and everyone he knew now, all layed out. 

                              He then looked up at Kagato and Cain, who 
were taunting him with laughter. Slowly he got up to his feet and let a 
loud scream of rage and anger, followed by an immense burst of energy 
that began to surround him. The ground beneath them began to crack and 
shake as Kagato and Cains grins had disappeared. He then looked down and 
noticed that Kagato had stepped on and crushed his sword. His yell got 
louder as his rage and anger built. Everyone then looked and noticed 
Shoku standing there, with an expression of anger on his face, and a sky 
blue glow surrounding his entire body. He bent down and picked up 
Tenchi's sword and said,"you mind if I use this." Tenchi replied 
knodding his head. He turned to Kagato and said,"that sword was a 
meaning of honor to me, and you disgraced it, then you attack and hurt 
my friends. Now your both going to die." He then activated the sword, 
much to everyone's surprise seeing as how he was not a discendent of 
Jurai. He charged at Kagato, who swung and missed as he phased out and 
appeared behind Cain. He turned to see Cain swing and blocked it with 
one hand. Shoku the gave him a stiff kick to his gut, an uppercut to his 
face, and then topped it of by folding his hands back and shouting 
"Shinryouken" as he jumped in the air. He let loose the blast and blew a 
surprised Cain into pieces. Kagato then tried to swing with his sword, 
but was blocked by Tenchi's sword, and then was blown away to as he 
tried to turn and run. Shoku then helped Tenchi and everyone else back 
into the house. Over the next couple of months everyone gradually 
recovered, and when everyone was healed, Shoku packed up and decided 
that it was time for him to go back home. "But you said your home was 
destroyed, why go back," Tenchi asked. "If I use the time machine device 
on my ship, I should be able to go back and save my people," he replied. 
"But why won't you stay here with us, and with me," Kiyone said with 
tears in her eyes, pleading with him not to go. "Kiyone I have to go, 
I've been gone to long," he said. "But you can't go," she said. "And why 
not," he asked. "Be-because I'm-I'm pregnant!" she burst out into tears. 
"Kiyone someday I will return, you know that," he said wiping the tears 
from her eyes. "Remember, its like Ryoko said, the circus always comes 
back to town." he said convincingly. He turned and got on his ship, and 
before he lifted off, turned and said"Goodbye my friends, I love you 
all." The ship then lifted and took off as he waved goodbye.


THE END

Written by:Kphard34@aol.gte, in the year 2000.
