Disclaimer: Tenchi and Co. belong to AIC and Pioneer, they do not belong to
me in any way, shape, or form.

Mind Triangle2:

    "Where is Jason?" Tenchi sipped his tea at the table.
    "He has been absent lately." Aeka pitched. As if on cue, a boy came
flying through the kitchen window as if he were in slow motion.
    "Oh shit!" Jason felt the sharp and hard impact as he banged against the
sink and plummeled to the ground. Before he had a chance to recover, Ryoko
broke in through the door.
    "How many times do I have to say it damnit," Ryoko barked, "I will
never, ever let you have sex with me, you bastard!" Ryoko flew upstairs.
Tenchi walked over and helped Jason up, "Still trying to get at the girls
huh?" Tenchi shook his head, "I keep telling you they aren't interested!"
    "You know I don't love ho's." Jason put his right hand over his crotch,
"Get that ass next time!" Jason shouted up the stairs, motioning his balls
up and down. Tenchi and Jason went to the table to have some tea. Jason
regarded the warm tea as if he had accidently volunteered to pick dog
droppings at a local park.
    "What's this crap? Where the hell is my 40 ounce?" Jason complained as
he reluctantly sipped the tea. Jason reached over to the right where Aeka
was sitting and gripped her bottom as if it were soft fruit.
    "Damn, that felt good!" Jason's mind was in the zone.
    "How dare you!" Aeka gave Jason a firm slap.
    "I figure since Tenchi will never hit that, you could settle for me."
Jason moved his face in for a kiss.
    Aeka pushed him away, "You don't know that, and I wouldn't do anything
with you anyway!"
    "Ho," Jason said, facing Tenchi. Then he mumbled, "Your lucky I haven't
tried Sasami...."
    "What did you say?" Aeka prepared to choke him.
    "Huh?" Jason said innocently, "I didn't say nuttin'."
Aeka looked as though she had been slapped, walking upstairs red faced.
    "You shouldn't talk that way to them, they have feelings too--" Tenchi
started.
    "I need your blessing on something." Jason sipped his tea.
    Tenchi looked up, "Huh? Blessing on what?"
    "I want to screw Mayuka and I'd feel better doing it if you gave me
permission." Jason explained with a smile.
    "Wha! She's only a kid! She may look old enough but mentally she's
young." Tenchi returned.
    "What's that have to do with anything? Mihoshi is mentally a child but
that doesn't mean she's not what age she is." Jason countered.
    "Why don't you mess with Mihoshi then?" Tenchi was yelling.
    "I already did," Jason chuckled, "she's out in the front still
recovering."
    "Well, I don't want you touching Mayuka," Tenchi said bluntly, "unless
she asks you to." Tenchi mentally laughed. Like she would ask someone else
to have sex with them.
    "Anyway," Jason changed the subject, "I gots to get my dick sucked at
least." Jason sipped his tea.
    Tenchi chuckled, "Who is going to do th--" Tenchi regarded the evil
smile on Jason's face, "Oh no, don't even think about asking Washuu that!"
    "Why not, she seems willing. Don't tell me you never had your balls
washed?" Jason asked.
    "No!" Tenchi sneered.
    "You need to join the club. I mean your not having sex right?" Jason
pointed out.
    "Yeah but--" Tenchi protested.
    "You can't knock it tell you try it." Jason explained.
Tenchi considered this new information as if he were studying for a project.
How could he complain and protest on how bad it was if he never even
masterbated before? Well, maybe he masterbated before, but he totally didn't
have his dick sucked before, and he couldn't say he never thought about it.
    "It's not like your gay or anything." Jason continued.
    "Alright," Tenchi finally said, "I'm not saying I will do anything, I
just check the scene out." Tenchi couldn't believe what he was saying. But
what could he do? He had to get Jason satisfied enough to stay the hell away
from Mayuka didn't he? It was his duty as a father.
    Jason faced Tenchi, "I'm gonna get you laid today. It's friday, you aint
got no job, and you don't have anything to do!"

Tenchi and Jason opened the door, feeling like they had just entered another
demension. The air was mild and crisp, taken in by beakers, measuring tools,
equipment, and other ho-dickey crap too hard to name. Washuu was busy as
usual, typing in commands at unnessasary things and making awe-inspiring
remarks like anyone was interested. Washuu instantly turned around at the
boys entry.
    "May I help you boys with something? Have you finally made it to your
appointment Tenchi?" Washuu leapt to Tenchi's chest.
Tenchi was about to instinctively say no when he realized that he knew
better, "Yeah, I guess I'm here for that. And my friend too." Tenchi said.
    "Quick, without ropes or anything." Jason instructed.
Washuu looked at both of them with surprise and interest, "I didn't think
Tenchi would agree to this, but the more the better. Who's first?"
Tenchi pointed to Jason as Jason raised his hand.
    "Just as long as you know that you have to donate your sperm to my
experiment," Washuu kneeled down in front of Jason's zipper.
Jason gave a thumbs-up sign to Tenchi as he was being unzipped.
    "Wow, you almost poked my eye out! It's true what they say, " Washuu
marveled, "this will be my pleasure."  Washuu mouthed the shaft.
    "Yeah, we do cumm packin'." Jason's eyes were closed in the bliss that
was obvious. "Just real quick, to show Tenchi the......ropes." Jason was
swaying back and forth in his own world.
    "Mmmmm hmmmm." Washuu licked and inhaled Jason's equipment.
Tenchi focused on Jason's expression, he seemed to be really enjoying
himself. Maybe this thing wasn't as bad as he thought. Yeah, no big deal.
Tenchi studied Washuu, who was stroking Jason's anatomy with her mouth,
gradually going faster as Jason would moan occasionally. Soon after, Jason
shot his load into a measuring cup that Washuu quickly came out with.
    "Thank you Washuu." Jason said slowly.
    "Now, now," Washuu started, "call me Washuu-chan." she went over to
Tenchi's side.
    "Please go easy on me Washuu-chan." Tenchi braced himself as he was
unzipped. He was a little shy that he was already hardened.
    "Very impressive Tenchi," Washuu studied, "you've been holding out on
us." Washuu began to lick up Tenchi's nut.
    "Whhhhaaaaaaaaaa!" Tenchi was filled with a thousand sensations.
Tenchi's mind was in the zone. He felt his whole body fly away, entering
into a world of several images. He found himself looking at the faces of
every female in the household, Aeka and Ryoko especially. He saw an image of
him in bed with Ryoko, looking down on her with a new wonder. She smiled as
he was about to join with her, expectantly waiting for him. Then he saw the
same scene with Aeka instead, pulling him down closer to her with a smile.
He came closer, ready to give her what she had waited so long for. What they
both waited so long for.
    "Your finished Tenchi." Washuu showed Tenchi the second measurement cup
with a smile.
    "That's it?" Tenchi was surprised, "that wasn't so bad at all, thank you
for showing me what it's really like Washuu-chan." Tenchi thanked her.
    "No problem boy," Washuu smiled, "but you have to give me something
too."
    Tenchi and Jason were surprised, "What do you want us to do?"
Washuu was blunt, "Everything. A grand threesome."
    "Wha!" Tenchi was caught off guard.
    "Don't worry," Jason reassured, "it's no big deal, remember?"
Tenchi remembered those sensations and pleasures he had just a moment ago
and realized he wanted to experience them again, or possibly more.
    "Alright, you did do that for us," Tenchi released his clothing with
Jason taking up the rear.
Jason did the honors. He slowly walked up to Washuu from behind, moving his
hands over her breasts from behind, pulling back her clothing like it were
wet tissue paper. Washuu closed her eyes as she felt the air lap around her,
Tenchi coming in from the front. Tenchi hesitated at first, then slowly
started to lick down her cleavage, remaining in the area for a moment before
he went to her belly-button and worked his tounge in there for practice.
Jason started tenderly kissing on her right shoulder, working his why to the
nape of her neck and up Washuu's chin. Washuu was amazed at their
performance. Tenchi wasn't bad at all for a beginner, Washuu placing her
hand over Tenchi's head, bringing him down to her sex, patting him on the
head for encouragement. Jason was amazing. She held his chin with her free
hand as his kissed her, sucking into her lust as she returned, reaching
around her back and cupping her breasts firmly for dear life. This went on
for a few minutes until Washuu pushed Tenchi down on on the floor in a
sitting position, Washuu slowly crouching before Tenchi's erection,
preparing to grind. She slid down, sharing moans with Tenchi as Jason took
up the rear, landing her from behind. Washuu rocked back and forth as if she
were on a ship at sea, going from Tenchi in the front to Jason in the  rear.
Their breath's quickened in one rhythmic chourus made in their own pleasure.
Washuu released herself from Tenchi and turned her front to Jason, bending
over to suck his flesh as Tenchi drove in Washuu's anal base. Every strike
from Tenchi decided the force of the suck that Jason received. Then Washuu
laid down on the ground standing still as Tenchi entered his friend into
Washuu's mouth, Jason turning with his back to Tenchi, bending over to lap
up Washuu's moist swamp. After a minute, Jason traded places with his mouth
and shoved his piece into Washuu's area, lifting her legs up to meet his
shoulders as he used them as a holding bar. This made Washuu almost choke on
Tenchi's shaft, putting more enthusiam into it that she sucked Tenchi into a
pleasureful cry. Washuu emerged from the floor and stood up expectantly.
Jason put his hands firmly on her hips, raising her up to him and he
positioned her to the grind, letting her slide as he held her, gripping onto
each other in passion. Tenchi rushed his member into her from behind,
putting her between them both in a standing position. There they were, in a
glorious sex sandwich, riding each other until they could not anymore.
Washuu screamed out her orgasm as Tenchi and Jason came into her, moaning
their pleasures before they dropped to the floor. Washuu was silent as
Tenchi and Jason  dressed.
    "Thank you Washuu-chan" They both said.
    "Your welcome," came a voice from another part of the lab, hidden in the
shadows, "I was glad my doll could satisfy you so well, I must say I'm
impressed." Washuu emerged from the shadows.
    "What! You mean we just got laid by a doll?" Jason complained.
Washuu looked at them, "You didn't think I was like that did you? Besides,
you wanted something to pratice with didn't you Tenchi? It's like you didn't
have sex." Washuu explained.
Tenchi bowed before her, "I'm sorry Washuu-chan. I was very hentai, I didn't
know what I was doing and I just got curious. I didn't mean to use you or
anything." Tenchi was carrying on.
    "Hmmmm," Washuu thought it over, "okay, I'll forgive you this time. It's
only natural to be interested at some point."
    "Oh thank you, thank you." Tenchi was hysterical.

Tenchi and Jason entered the lab and stopped when they saw a naked Washuu
with another Tenchi and another Jason.
    "What's going on here?" Tenchi asked the Washuu punching in keys.
    "Oh nothing," Washuu made a dismissive gesture, "I just wanted to see
what would happen if you actually decided to have sex with me and found out
that I was really a doll. I added your little friend to add a realistic
factor to it. All in all meaning those three are just dolls." The real
Washuu pointed out.
Jason and Tenchi suddenly became intimidated.
    "Now," Washuu turned around, "What did you two boys want?"
Tenchi and Jason looked at each other.
    "Nothing," Tenchi and Jason backed towards the door, "We were just
leaving." They exited as quickly as they had came.
    "What's bugging them?" Washuu shrugged, "You would think they did come
down here for a little action!"

    "I can't believe you talked me into that! I can't even believe I even
listened to you. Man, I feel so guilty, I will never do that again." Tenchi
shook his head, "I swear, we could've looked like idiots!"
    "Man, calm down. It's not as big as your making it, you didn't even
have sex. Besides, how do you think I feel? I can't go back home and tell my
homies I watched myself bone a doll!" Jason returned.
    "You probably wished you were in his place." Tenchi pressed on.
    "It's not like I put your nuts in Washuu's mouth and made you let her
suck it. Don't blame me because I'm trying to set you straight, it's not
like the girls will be after you forever. You should be grateful!" Jason
countered.
Tenchi took the blow as if it were an actual punch. Jason was right, did he
really expect them to wait around forever? What was love anyway? Loyalty,
commitment, respect, and gratitiude- but to what extent? Did he even return
ANY of these feelings back? How long did he actually expect them to be loyal
to him, especially since he never even considered their feelings in that
since, always keeping them at bay as if they were a contamination, a
temptation, a thing. He could see it now, it was the very reason he
considered Jason's offer to the temptation, how could he have been so
stupid? He longed to return their love, to receive those great sensations
and have them brought out. He wanted to be with Ryoko, he wanted to be with
Aeka. He wanted to hold them, love them, be with them as long as he could.
He wanted to bring out what he had thought of for so long, holding it back.
Now he was going to do his share of the bargain. NO! NO! He couldn't do
that! What was he thinking to even consider the question? He would never
bring himself to make love to them without their consent. Never!
    "Oh yeah," Jason made a devilish smile, "I have no interest in Mayuka, I
just said that because I knew it would help you say yeah to come down
there."
    "Oh really?" Tenchi smiled back, "Remind me to thank you someday then.
You just helped me realize I almost threw away a good thing." Tenchi patted
Jason on the back with a heavy amount of sarcasm.
    "What?" Jason played along, "I didn't expect that reaction, but okay."
    "Come on," Tenchi walked towards the door, "I have to go to the fields
to get the vegetables for dinner."

    "That Jason guy a real pain in the ass," Ryoko was drinking her sake, "I
would kill him but he's Tenchi's friend."
     "I agree," Aeka was nibbling on a rice cake, "and did you know that he
grabbed my behind? It was very rude."
    "You probably liked it." Ryoko mumbled, "Anyway, I got to think of a new
way to get Tenchi in the bed." Ryoko phantasized.
Aeka kept her cool, "I highly doubt you will succeed, but go ahead and try
to get near Tenchi. He doesn't even consider you like that, and he would
rather run away then sit with you!" Aeka hohoed at Ryoko.
    "You'll see," Ryoko downed the bottle, "I got this in the bag."

    "Wake up girl," Jason lightly kicked the sleeping Mihoshi in the side.
    "I thought you wore her out," Tenchi implied, "shouldn't you let her
sleep?"
    "Another lie on my part." Jason smiled as he kicked Mihoshi again, "Get
up blondy!"
Mihoshi responded with a yawn and a fart, leaving Jason on the ground
gasping for air. She scratched her butt and rose to her feet, "Excuse me,
sorry about that." Mihoshi laughed.
    "Man, you are dirty! You've been eating corn huh?" Jason asked as he got
up.
    Mihoshi thought about it, "No, just rice and stuff like that."
    "Well, could you sleep in the house instead of the field, please?"
Tenchi pleaded.
    "Oh, okay Tenchi. I'll be in the house, see ya!" Mihoshi ran towards the
house.
    "Trying to kill all the vegee's with that one. I see why she is on the
Galaxy Police force." Jason joked as he grabbed a hoe.
Tenchi and Jason began work on the field, hoing down the dirt and scraping
unclear paths. They picked the carrots and other vegetables, placing them in
the basket they had hanging on their elbows. They did this for a couple of
hours until Sasami and Mayuka came running with Ryo-ohki.
    "Hey, what are you two doing here?" Tenchi wiped his brow and smiled.
    "We were chasing after Ryo-ohki. He came all the way here." Sasami piped
up.
    "Hope that's okay daddy." Mayuka came in.
    "Yeah, that's fine. Just be careful when traveling alone okay?" Tenchi
instructed.
    "Okay!" They both said.
    "Hi," Jason walked up to them, "I haven't been properly introduced, I'm
Jason."
    "Hello, I'm Sasami, and this is Mayuka and Ryo-ohki." Sasami directed
the girl next to her, and the cabbit cradled in her arms.
    "If only you two were older I'd wax--" Jason was saying.
    "I think it's time for us to head home now." Tenchi quickly interrupted,
grabbing Jason by the arm.
All five of them walked back to the house, Sasami taking the kitchen as
Mayuka followed behind Mihoshi, taking Ryo-ohki with her.
    "I'll be upstairs for a little bit, you stay put and don't get into any
trouble." Tenchi went upstairs.
Jason walked into the kitchen, "Hey Sasami?"
Sasami turned around, feeling suddenly nervous that no one else was in the
room, "Yes Jason?"
    "You know I haven't had a decent peice of meat in a long time?" Jason
walked up rather slowly.
    Sasami was suddenly intimidated, "I-I, I didn't know you were
interested." Sasami backed herself to the counter.
    "I'm interested all right, fitted with those whites right there under
that." Jason was only a foot away from here.
    "Please don't." Sasami moved one hand on the counter as if to move
further way and the other stretched over to cover her barely developed
breasts.
    "Quit playing, let me move in and get a piece of that, Sasami. Please, I
want to get some. It's really no big deal, it's not going to hurt." Jason
complained, reaching out his hand at her kimono sash.
    "Yes it is, you won't get any-- leave me alone!" Sasami protested.
    "That's not fair Sasami, I'm getting it!" Jason reached in.
Sasami's eyes widened as she prepared for the worst, almost sitting on the
counter when Jason reached out. She gasped as Jason reached past her side,
grabbing one of the rice cakes she had out for lunch inches behind her,
fitted with beautifully decorated meat organized around the top with her own
blend of sauce. Jason took a bite, savoring the taste as he chewed.
    "Geez Sasami, I thought you like it when people want to have some of
your cooking. You should tell me what we can and cannot eat."
Sasami blushed with embarrasment, "I'm sorry about that Jason, you can have
as many as you want."
    "No thanks, one is enough," Jason saw Mihoshi sitting on the couch, "I
have business to attend to."

    "Just give him a chance." Tenchi explained to Ryoko and Aeka.
    "I am giving him a chance," Ryoko sneered, "he's still breathing isn't
he?"
    "I don't know how much we can take from him." Aeka chipped him.
    Tenchi raised his hands in defeat, "Alright, I'll talk to him about it."
Ryoko walked up to him, "Thank you Tenchi." Ryoko out her hands on Tenchi's
shoulders, rubbing her right leg against him.
    "Hey! What are you doing?" Tenchi resisted, backing out of the room and
then running away.
    "See," Aeka said in victory, "Tenchi will never belong to you."
Ryoko turned on her, "You'll see Aeka, you'll see."

    "Come on, Mihoshi, deliver your dookey-butty to me." Jason had her laid
back in his arms like in the movies.
    "I don't know, this is kind of forward," Mihoshi told him.
    "So what? Love cannot wait for this." Jason puckered his lips as he
moved in.
    "Well," Mihoshi put a gentle index on his lips, "Kiyone will be here any
minute."
    "I'm not interested in Kiyone..." Jason moved in for the kill.
Not seconds after he said that, the door opened and Kiyone entered the
house. Jason looked at the police officer and dropped Mihoshi on her head.
    "Damn you are fine!" Jason gazed at the officer.
Kiyone regarded him, "Your that naked guy that we found last week. Feeling
better?"
Jason was caught off guard, "Uh, yeah. I'm hanging around."
Kiyone acknowleged everyone in the house, "I'm here in time for dinner."
    "You haven't begun to be fed yet." Jason whispered.
Within a few minutes, everyone was positioned around the table, ready to eat
what was being served.
    "What I want is not on the menu," Jason looked down at his plate, "aint
that right Ryoko." Jason winked.
Ryoko fought the impulse to slice his head off, especially around Tenchi,
"Would you shut-up." Ryoko began to eat her food.
    "Forget you then, punk. I was going to break you off a little sumthin',
sumthin', but you won't give it up." Jason returned.
Ryoko used all of her will-power to not strangle him then and there.
    "Hey boo, how are you doing today?" Jason turned to Kiyone.
    "Um, fine I guess." Kiyone didn't look up.
    "So, what's up with me and you?" Jason smiled.
Ryoko leaned over to whisper in Kiyone's ear, "Say that you don't know,
that's where I messed up."
    Kiyone complied with Ryoko and faced Jason, "I don't know Jason."
    "Hook a brotha up with the number?" Jason asked.
    "I don't currently have a phone at this time." Kiyone glared at Mihoshi.
    "Alright, I'll hit you next time." Jason backed off.
    "Wait," Mihoshi remembered, "I thought you said you loved me."
Jason looked up, "huh?" Jason played the game again, "I didn't say nuttin'."
Jason continued to eat his food.
    "Oh, okay." Mihoshi was content.
    "Dumbass." Jason mumbled.

Dinner went on for a few minutes longer before everyone gradually left the
table, heading upstairs to finish the night.
    "Do you need help with the dishes Sasami?" Jason offered.
    "No thats okay, you can go ahead and go upstairs Jason." Sasami told
him, a hint of intimidation in her voice.
    "Does everyone in this house have problems?" Jason was walking upstairs.
Jason met Mihoshi on his way upstairs.
    "Heading in?" Mihoshi asked.
    "Yep," Jason walked past her, but not before turning around, "oh, and
Mihoshi?" Jason started.
    "Yes?" Mihoshi gave her best smile.
    "Why does everyone in this house and some of my friends I know think
your a natural blonde? I mean, what black person have you seen with hair
other than black or brown unless they dyed it?" Jason explained.
    Mihoshi laughed, "I know, but I guess they do! They're so silly!"
    "And I know you don't really talk and act like that. I have never even
seen a black person act so ditzy." Jason pressed on.
Mihoshi was taken by surprise. She looked to both sides of her before she
continued, "So, ya found out my secret huh?" Mihoshi stated in a plain and
straight-forward tone that was unlike her normal giddy voice, "Anywayz, I'm
just playin' these foo's. They actually believe I act like that! Especially
Kiyone wit her bad self." Mihoshi instinctively scratched her breasts, "You
don't know how hard it is to keep dis up dough." Mihoshi complained.
    "Now you sound like one of us." Jason smiled, "Go hoodrat!" Jason raised
the roof.
    "And proud of it honey," Mihoshi regarded Jason, "Damn boy, I didn't
know how fine you were until I stopped playin' the ditz." Mihoshi walked up
to him.
Mihoshi pulled Jason in by the shirt, harnessing his butt and giving him a
kiss that churned his insides.
    "Meet me tommorrow," Mihoshi stepped back, "I'll tear yo' bitch-ass up."
Mihoshi walked away, showing off her behind.
Jason walked a little prouder further along the hallway. He highstepped past
each room until he saw Ryoko standing in front of the hall window.
Jason walked up to her, "What's up Ryoko, you need someone to lean on?"
    "Actually I do," Ryoko unbuttoned some of her kimono sash, revealing her
tempting cleavage, "I need you to help me with this...." Ryoko said slowly.
Jason didn't need to be told twice. He rushed at her like a posessed zombie
on hard crack. Ryoko saw it coming, jamming her knee into his crotch and
tossing him by the crotch through the window.
    "Oh Shit! Not agggggggggggainnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!" Jason cried.
    "Now for Tenchi...." Ryoko phased through the wall.

Ryoko materialized on the bed, watching Tenchi sleep soundly.
    "Now Tenchi," Ryoko unsashed her kimono, revealing her naked art, "I
will finally have you. Just like I always dreamed I would."
She moved in closer, ready to be one with Tenchi Masaki.

(Hope you liked this story. It started out just as a joke fic my friend had
made up in my name, but became more than that. I recieved a lot of e-mails
urging me to continue the story. Some time later, I rounded up my friend and
together we created this fic, so I hope you enjoyed this one as much as the
first, or maybe more. We will continue this series as long as you e-mail
your support. Until next time......)