                                            TENCHI MUYO: LEMON


(Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyonne, Washu, and Joubai are all in
standing there, looking at the screen in heavy frowns and groans are another
one arrives. Tenchi steps forward and points at you the reader."

    "So, you want a lemon huh? You poor excuse for a Tenchi Muyo fan, sick
son-of-a-bitch! How dare you want to see me fuck these girls brains out!"
Tenchi balled his fist.

    "Yeah, we want to get some things straight once and for all with these
so-called lemon readers and authors before we continue." Ryoko piped in.

    "More like "sick" readers and authors!" Tenchi came in once again.
"Except for gensao,  you all have some fucked up fantasy's!" Tenchi points
at you, "You may not be one. Or now for that matter, but we want to reel you
in on some facts that make lemons look stupid!"

    "So even if you read them, hear us out!" Aeka said flatly.

    "First off," Tenchi spoke up, swinging his arm to point behind him as he
looks at you, "this is my FAMILY, I would never dream of doing anything of
that sort!"

    "He's right," Washu agreed, "he turns Ryoko down for sex everyday. What
makes you think your different?" She said plainly.

    "My daddy can control himself!" Joubai said with pride, "He doesn't even
jack-off, so those storys about daddy in the bathroom are a lie!"

    "We don't even HAVE a bathroom," Tenchi came in again, "we shit and piss
in the forest area by the house!" Tenchi said with a so-there face.

    (Aeka put both hands on Sasami's shoulders)

    "The most outragoeus rumors have to STOP!" Aeka snorted. "One person say
s I get off at night!I just want to say that I do not dig in my private area
and scream Tenchi's name at night! That is just plain crazy, and I also
never tols Sasami to jack me off!"

    "Just because she can't get as close to Tenchi as I can, doesn't mean
she'll sink THAT low." Ryoko chipped in.

    "But the BIGGEST rumor of all," Sasami choked, "Is the things you say
about me! You are so mean!"

    (Sasami starts crying, and Aeka comforts her.)

    "Sasami would never drink of my natral juices while I'm asleep." Mihosi
shook her head. "Also, Kiyonne and Ryoko never tickled me in my life!"

    "That's right." Kiyonne and Ryoko both said.

    "Technically speaking, Sasami is not a porn star." Washu pointed out.

    "My best friend Sasami LOVES Ryoohki, but never messes around with him."
Joubai pipped up.

    "Honestly, there are limits to everything!" Tenchi exploded. "One person
wrote things like taking advantage of Sasami who's not even a teenager, and
killing her afterwards in the lake. Now that just pushes the envolope!"
Tenchi finished.

    "The asshole wrote a story about a guy named Jeff and he raped me!"
Sasami cried out.

    "If you are one of them, YOU have no heart enjoying storys like that. Be
ashamed of yourself!" Aeka screamed.

    (Kiyonne stepped forward)

    "Now that you heard the truth about everything, it makes those Lemons
sound stupid. So if your going to make one, PLEASE make it as realistic as
possible, and so fantasy and nasty like. Maybe Tenchi kissing someone and
going on dates and things like that. Be creative and real about the
situation." Kiyonne advised.

    "O.K, that about wrapped it up." Tenchi turned to leave. "Thank you
gensao for letting us get our point across. As for the rest of you, take
care of yourselves!"


This was dedicated to all of the OFF THE WALL things people keep saying
that's just plain SICK. I especially feel that everyone got problems messing
with Sasami. I don't get why everyone caps on  a non teenager, making it
seem as if she is the "porn star" of the crew. Also saying things about
Tenchi having to eject his bodily fluids to control himself. In short, I
just wanted to let Tenchi and crew let the truth be exposed and let the OFF
THE WALL lemons look stupid. If your mad about me writing this, your
probably one of the people having to do with it, if not, than your of that
nature...




 