TENCHI MUYO: MIND TRIANGLE

    Jason watched from his bed as Tenchi slapped Ryoko on his miniature T.V
screen. He had just rented the movie about an hour before, it was Tenchi
Muyo the movie part two and it was getting better and better. The teenager's
face glowed from the rich televison texture as it mixed colors on his face.
His room was the relative of pitch black if the television were not there in
his room, lighting up his gleaming expression even more.
    "Wow, Tenchi neva did dat befo through the whole series! This is
awesome!" Jason exclaimed. Then the painful realization hit him as he
realized this was the LAST thing that had to do with Tenchi Muyo that he
hadn't seen. "Shit, this really sucks," he muttered to himself, "I'd
better enj'y dis while I still can."
    At that point, his father, which Jason related to as "Washuu," arrived
in his bed room with a tisk and a groan as he unzipped his lab suit.
    "I must say, a black man who enjoys Japanese whats-it's-name." His
father snorted.
    "Anime dad," Jason said without looking at the screen which was
currently showing Tenchi and Ryoko on the roof of Tenchi's house. "and just
because it's Japanese anime don't mean a black person can't watch it. Right
professor?"
    His dad grunted as he turned for the door. "Well anyway I just want to
remind you not to tamper with my experiments in the basement. I'm working on
manipulating a subject similar to ESP. If you were to tamper with it, it
would force you to mistake imagery of the mind with reality."
    "Right, dad." Jason responded as if he were half asleep. His father went
across the hall to turn in for the night. Pretty soon he would be doing the
same, as the last Tenchi Muyo would end, and Jason's world would slowly
begin to fade.

    "We love you Jason, we want you...." Ryoko said, voice like a ghostly
whisper as she stood with the rest of the girls, all of which were completly
naked, Tenchi the only one with clothes standing frozen in the backround.
    "I love you too, I want you as well, let me be with you." Jason blened
in with the atmosphere, running in a slow stretch.
    "Yes, come join us, take us as you please..." Aeka responded.
    Jason drew nearer, hands stretched out as if he was in a trance. He had
succeeded in taking a hold of Aeka's tender, melony breast and was about to
mouth it when Tenchi slapped his hand away.
    "Damn you," Tenchi said, "you don't want to join us, you'll forget about
us just like everyone else. Were your orgasmic toys to play with!"
    "No, that isn't true!" Jason protested.
    "Damn you.....damn you." Tenchi kept saying as the girls followed suit,
backs facing him as they walked away until they faded to nothingness.

    Jason awoke to the crisp sound of his heated breath and steady
heartbeat. The window was open, and the mild air kissed his face as he
looked around. He felt on his manhood, dumnfounded that it wasn't erected.
This was bad, he had always got a rise off the girls. He really was
forgetting how much they meant to him.
    "Shit! I don't want to forget. Can't forget!" He breathed through the
cool room temperature air of the night as he scratched his balls and hopped
out of the bed, his goal already set: go in the basement and "tamper" with
the ESP whats-the-shit. He arrived on the money in mere seconds. A hat-like
object connected to a computer eletro-system told the tale. Keeping Tenchi
and the whole world inside his head active, he placed the helmet on his head
and threw the swith on the CPU. Jason went to heavy convulsions the same
second he threw the switch. He threw up twice, farted eight times and almost
erected, when he faded to nothingness.

    Tenchi was at the grave of his elders, praying as usual with the friday
evening breeze passing on his face when an eruption of such force that it
lighted up his eyes and he was forced to cover them. He turned, used to
strange happenings by now. But a boy going in convulsions every now and
again not to mention he had an erection with no clothing on, was something
else. Tenchi quicky put him over his shoulder and raced toward the house,
cursing himself that his butt was not leaning over his back instead of the
upper side. Not to mention his dick kept swinging and hitting him in the
face. This was not going to look good.

Ryoko was about to pounce on Tenchi as usual when she realized that she was
going head first into a carmel coated ass crack. phasing backward, Tenchi
passed without a glance.
    "I had a feeling Tenchi was in that sort of thing, it's no wonder he
turns me down for some. Always saying it was for later notice!" Ryoko said,
looking at Aeka.
Aeka was about to ask what do you mean by "some" and "later notice" when she
implied, "Let's go check it out."
    Ryoko looked at her with a smile, "I didn't know you wanted a piece of
ass THAT badly Aeka!"
    "I didn't mean like that you poor excuse for a tramp!" Aeka shot back.
Ryoko shrugged, "What can I say, I have a EXELENT teacher."
    Aeka was about to connect with a slap when Ryoko phased out of reach and
teleported up the stairs, heading towards Tenchi's room with Aeka close
behind.

    "Is he a mutant or an alien?" A faint voice asked.
    "He has small eyes, pale, and the coloration of a black person, he might
be." A serious but firm voice pointed out.
    "Is he dangerous?" An outragously girlish voice sputtered.
    "Who knows?" A straight forward voice said, "He's knocked out."
    "Oh, he's waking up, daddy!" Mayuka pointed.
    Jason awoke to eight faces looking down at him. "Oh, hell naw!" Jason
gasped as he stumbled off Tenchi's bed felt the firm impact of the floor. He
then instinctively covered his crotch.
    "He's human alright." Ryoko muttered.
    "Relax, who ever you are, you have clothes on." Washuu pointed out.
    Jason then saw that he was wearing the exact same thing as Tenchi, and
eased up. But that didn't stop the disbelief he had in his eyes as he looked
around him.
    "Tenchi Masaki, Ryoko, Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Washuu, Kiyone, Mayuka--"
Jason fainted.
    "Well," Ryoko stated. "Looks like we have another one joining the crew,
and he has ESP!"

(Hope you liked my story. E-mail me comments so I know how you liked my
story. Check out my next one and other storys to show your support. Until
next time....)