TENCHI MUYO IN LUST
By Karmin "Trakal" StJean (Trakal@map.com)
------------------------------------


 Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko sat watching one of Tenchi's father's films. Sasami and
Ryo-Ohki were off visitting Tenchi's baby cousin Taro for a few days so they pretty much
had the house to themselves.

 On the screen, a beautiful Japanese girl was enjoying a thorough and loving tongue-bath
from a handsome young Japanese man. They were both in their late teens and both seemed to
be enjoying themselves. It was clear from their smiles and relaxed attitude that they were
both in love and the movie had more of a romantic aspect to it than a sexual one.

 "Your father filmed this?"
 "Yeah." Tenchi said, feeling a bit aroused by the movie. "Dad always was a bit hentai.
Still you have to admit, it was pretty sneaky of him to film himself with mom like this."
 "You mean that girl is your mom?"
 "Yeah." Tenchi admitted.
 "She looked so young and slim."
 "Of course she did." Tenchi shouted at Ryoko. "She hadn't been pregnant yet."
 "Oh. Well excuse me." Ryoko huffed.

 On the screen,  Achika was about to mount the youthful Nobuyuki when she suddenly
vanished from sight.

 "Oh man! That had to be frustrating!" Ryoko sympathized.
 "What the...?" Tenchi protested as his body started to flicker. Suddenly, he was swept up
across the room and into the wall.
 "I'm not too late for the orgy am I?" A manic voice asked from behind the sofa.

 They turned to see Washu step out from behind the sofa.
 "The problem is back in the past." Washu told them. "And here is the proof."
Washu showed them the part of the film where Achika had vanished.
 "She's gone!" Ayeka exclaimed in alarm. "Achika's vanished."
 "Many years ago something terrible happened." Washu explained. "Tenchi's conception
was interrupted. As a result, the Masaki family died out."
 "Isn't there something we can do?" Ryoko asked.
 "There is one thing. We have to go back and make sure that Nobuyuki and Achika mate."
Washu surmised. "If they don't mate, Tenchi will never be born."

****

 Kiyone let out a yelp of pain as the vibrator went in too deeply. "MIHOSHI!!" She wailed.
 "Oops. Sorry." Mihoshi whimpered. "I guess you'll have to punish me?" She asked,
hopefully.
 Kiyone grinned. "It's beginning to look that way." Kiyone said as she bent down to
retrieve the whip from her toy chest. As she was bending over, she felt a stiff plastic
cock thrust up into her. Looking around, she saw Ryoko standing there wearing a strap on
dildo.
 "Ryoko!" She gasped.
 "Time for you to cum." Ryoko declared, triumphantly.
 Kiyone cried out in orgasm as Ryoko pounded her with the plastic penis.

****

 A short while later, when all the girls were satisfied for the moment, they all found
themselves strapped into what looked like a carnival ride.

 "Now that you've got that out of your systems, I'm going to send you back in time
to make sure Tenchi's father mates with Tenchi's mother." Washu explained.
 "Couldn't you think of a more romantic term?" Tenchi protested. "They're not Pandas,
they're my parents."
 "Okay, okay." Washu sighed. "Well, time to accellarate"
 "You can't be serious!" Tenchi protested. "This is already crushing my dick as it is!"
 Washu made the machine go faster.

****

 Ryoko didn't like dressing up as a waitress, but she found she had no choice. The
first place Achika and Nobuyuki would go was bound to be a romantic restaurant.
 Achika and Nobuyuki walked into the restaurant, just as Washu predicted. Ryoko
made her way toward them when the manager stopped her. "See to that young man
over there."
he said, pointing to an attractive chestnut-haired young man sitting at a booth in the
corner reading a menu.
 Ryoko sighed and went over to the boy. "May I take your order?" She asked, keeping
her eyes on Achika and Nobuyuki.
 "What's the special?" He asked, eyeing the pretty pirate's cleavage.
 "It's not me." Ryoko informed him, feeling a bit miffed at his forwardness..
 "Pity." He smiled seductively at her. "I guess I'll have the katsudon then."
 Ryoko rolled her eyes and stomped into the kitchen.  "Just who does he think he is?"
She grumbled as she prepared the meal the stranger had requested. Although her mind
didn't think much of him, her body had another opinion. He certainly had a great body,
that much was certain.

 "Problem, Miss Ryoko?" Washu asked.
 "No." Ryoko sighed, not wanting to let on that her body was attracted to someone who
wasn't Tenchi. She was going to be Tenchi's wife someday, and she had no intention of
being sidetracked by some opinionated, self-centered, devastatingly handsome (where'd
*that* come from?!) young man. She brought the meal out to the young man and made it
very clear that she had no interest in him by dumping it onto his head.

 The young man simply got up, and walked out with perfect and unflagging dignity.
 Ryoko followed him in a much less dignified manner, having been tossed out bodily
by the restaurant owner. She sat on the curb, rubbing her bruised ass, and swearing at
the departing figure. She gasped in pleasure and then noticed that her hand had moved,
absently to her cunt. In disgust, she stopped fingering herself and cried stomped off,
firmly ignoring all the leering young men who'd been watching her touch herself.


 ****

 In the meanwhile, Ayeka was having a go at getting Achika and Nobuyuki 'together'.
She got herself positioned in a clothing store specializing in lingerie and waited. Sure
enough, Achika walked in.
 "May I help you?" Ayeka asked.
 "I'm looking for something to catch my husband's interest." Achika explained, blushing.
 "Hmmm..." Ayeka looked around, then spotted a very sexy teddie. "This looks pretty." She
told Achika. "Or maybe I could find you something in leather? Perhaps with a whip?" That
always turned Juraian men on, surely the men here on Earth... "Huh? Where'd she go?" Ayeka
looked around, but Achika was already hurrying off.
 "Oh, that went well." Ryoko laughed at her nemesis.
 "Well, at least I didn't get distracted by some guy." Ayeka pointed out.
 "At least he was...." Ryoko let the rest of the sentence die in her throat.
 "He was what?" Ayeka demanded. "Huh? What was he, Miss Ryoko? Tell me... Did
you think he was CUTE!"
 "Don't be ridiculous. Besides he seemed more like your type then mine. "
 "Just what is that supposed to mean?"
 "Well, you're both a couple of uppity snobs." Ryoko pointed out.
 "I am *NOT* an uppity snob!" Ayeka hollered at Ryoko. "Either you take that back or I''ll ...
 "You'll what? Punish me? I always knew you had the hots for me, Ayeka."

 Ayeka grabbed Ryoko and dragged her into Tenchi's hotel room.
 "Ryoko's causing trouble again, Lord Tenchi.  Please remove your pants so I
can teach her a lesson!"
 Tenchi wasn't sure what Ayeka had in mind, but he wasn't about to argue with her. He
certainly didn't want to be chased by those logs of hers again, so he removed
his pants and undergarments and stood there with his manliness jutting out before him.
 It wasn't huge, but it was large enough to be impressive.
 "Now, Ryoko, kneel in front of Tenchi." Ayeka ordered.
 Ryoko shrugged and knelt before Tenchi.
 Ayeka took Tenchi's cock and guided the head into Ryoko's mouth. She began to stroke the
shaft, seductively bringing Tenchi closer and closer to orgasm. Suddenly it dawned on her
that she would be giving Tenchi's sperm to Ryoko if she continued. "WHAT AM I
DOING?!" She gasped as she pulled Tenchi's cock out of Ryoko's mouth and put it into her own.

  *****

 The trio woke the next morning and set out again on their task to get Achika and Nobuyuki
together. Ryoko was almost at the door when the phone rang. She picked it up.
 "Hello, beautiful." A familiar yet different voice told her.
 "Stop pestering me." Ryoko snarled at him.
 "Is that any way to talk to someone who stood up for you?"
 "What are you on about?" Ryoko demanded.
 "I told your boss that yesterday's incident was my fault. You got your job back if you
still want it. Frankly, I think you're too pretty to be a waitress."
 "Thanks for sticking up for me." Ryoko told him. "But if you think it'll get you into my
 bed you can just forget that idea."
 "That's okay. Mine's more comfortable anyhow."
 Ryoko screamed in exasperation and slammed the phone down.

 *****

 Ryoko slipped an aphrodisiac into the cup of iced tea she was getting ready for
Nobuyuki. She'd noticed Achika playing footsie under the table with him, but he was
anxious about something and hadn't been responding much. She then went to get their
deserts from the freezer.
 While she was gone, Mihoshi walked toward the door leading into the dining hall
when she suddenly spilled a glass of ice-tea that she was carrying. Without hesitating,
she picked up the cup Ryoko had poured and brought it out to the table she was serving.
 As luck would have it, the chestnut haired young man was the recipient of the
drugged drink.
 "Thank you." He told Mihoshi, taking a sip. He eyed it with momentary suspicion, then
looked up at Mihoshi. "I think it needs just a touch of sugar." he suggested.
"It's very good, mind you, but I like it a little sweeter."
 "I'm sorry." Mihoshi sobbed.
 "Oh... no... I don't mean you made it wrong. It was good you didn't make it really sweet.
 A person can always add more sugar to suit himself later that way. You did a very good 
job." '"Thank you!" Mihoshi gushed, proudly. "Oh thank you so much!" She hugged the 
chestnut haired young man tightly, then went into the kitchen where she saw Ryoko 
standing there, looking around.
 "Mihoshi, you didn't take that cup of iced tea did you?"
 "Uh huh."
 "Who did you serve it to?"
 Mihoshi pointed to the chestnut haired young man.
 "I don't believe this! Him again! What is he, a punishment for my sins?!"
 "Maybe he's your guardian angel?" Mihoshi suggested.
 "Angel my butt." Ryoko huffed.
 "Could you bring his dinner out to him?" Mihoshi pleaded. "I'm on my break and
I'm hungry."
 "You just gave him an aphrodisiac and now you're sending me to his table? Not a chance!
I'm not going anywhere near him until that wears off."
 The boss cleared his throat very insistantly and Ryoko found herself making her way to
the young man's table.
 The young man looked up at her, his eyes glistening from the drug. "You are so 
beautiful." he told her.
 "Yes, I am." She agreed. "But you can't have me." She set his food down and
went over to Achika's table.
 "Are you ready to order?" She asked, helpfully.
 "What are you doing, Miss Ryoko?" Ayeka bustled up to her and elbowed her out of the 
way. "This here is my table. You're supposed to be waiting on *him*" she pointed over to 
the young man Ryoko had just been with.
 "You must be joking!" Ryoko protested.
 "He is kind of cute." Achika encouraged her. 
 Ryoko stomped over to the chestnut-haired man's table.
 "What do you want?" She griped
 "I'd like to take you out back, space-pirate, and pump you for information." he 
muttered, feeling the affects of the drug more fully now.
 "What?" She glared at him.
 "I'll just have a bowl of ramen." He amended.
 "That's what I thought you said." Ryoko went into the kitchen to get the young
man's order.

