Sorry folks about the long wait, but graduate school does get in the 
way once and a while.  I’ve got a writing itch I want to scratch, and 
I’ve gotten a lot of great comments from many people (thanks everyone 
who wrote in with support/suggestions!).  So, by popular demand, here 
comes Episode 3 of To B or Not to B, Conundrum:

THIS IS A LEMON, SO ALL THOSE UNDER 18 LEAVE NOW (please)!

Tenchi Muyo is not owned by me, buy by AIC and Pioneer.  Please don’t 
sue me, I’m a grad student with no money trying to pay for her wedding 
in 6 months.  MiB is also not mine, but is owned by L. Cunningham, B. 
Soloman and the studio which made the movie.

********************************************************(so many 
stars…)

	Yosho stared through half-open eyes at the poster on the wall in 
front of him.  How long he had been staring at that poster he didn’t 
want to think about.  The poster was a simple “Welcome to Earth” 
repeated in all 86 galactic scripts and scent codes.  At least it was 
friendlier and less disturbing than the last poster, 10 feet farther 
and 5 hours earlier toward the end of the line.  That one was a 
detailed description of contraband not allowed within Earth orbit, and 
the penalties for importing without a proper license.  Yosho hoped 
Ayeka would not mention the Tenchiken in her interview, or he might get 
stuck with some pretty stiff fines.  But not as stiff as his back felt 
at the moment!
	The cold faux-marble floor of the immense underground 
installation of the GINS (Galactic Immigration and Naturalization 
Service) had made its presence felt on the royal behind of Prince Yosho 
of Jurai.  It made his joints feel as old as he made them look.  He 
turned his head to look at the top of his half-sister Sasami’s teal 
blue hair.  She was asleep, leaning on his shoulder, with Ryo-okhi 
curled up on her lap.  Yosho, Sasami and Ayeka, all members of the 
mighty ruling family of Jurai, had been reduced to sitting on the cold, 
hard floor, squinting toward the beginning of the line, to see if there 
was ever an end to it.  Asaka and Kamidake were in customs being 
inspected as foreign technology, and so could offer no respite.  Ayeka 
had announced her displeasure to anyone within a mile radius for the 
first several hours, and had even tried to power up her logs to blast 
an offending Najenk*# who had let one of his tentacles brush her foot, 
but soon found out that a negating field had been set up over the 
building so any feats of Jurai power simply led to her own exhaustion.  
Ayeka was now sitting behind him, with her back to him, refusing to 
talk to him because he had registered Ryoko and Ryo-okhi, but had 
forgotten his own sister/former fiancée.  What she thought was 
punishment, was for Yosho a relief.  
He did not like having to face his sister very much.  He loved 
her, as a sister, but after many years spent in the peace of the Masaki 
shrine, her vitality was a lot to take.  It was true that he was not 
the old man he pretended to be (Kami forbid that Ayeka should find that 
out), but he felt at peace with the guise he had adopted.  Ayeka’s 
fiery personality, let loose on Earth from the bonds of the formality 
of the royal court, was a fearsome thing to behold.  He was not the man 
to confront it.  Neither, did he fear, was his grandson.  
Yosho craned his stiff neck toward the ceiling of the 
bureaucratic haven.  A map of Earth had been painted across its curved 
immensity, in the boring, officious tones of tan and off-white.  Above 
him he could see Korea was still one country, and he suspected that way 
off toward the front of the line, Germany was still cut in two.  The 
map was fifty years out of date.  He hoped none of the various bizarre 
aliens surrounding them would be unduly mislead.  He did not want to 
think about the problems in his household.  He did not want to think 
about the pain that his sister would soon go through.
Tenchi had chosen Ryoko.  Yosho had known that for a long time.  
Long before Tenchi suspected himself.  He had seen the looks Tenchi 
gave Ryoko when she was occupied with something other than him.  He had 
seen the pain in his eyes when Kagato had taken her to the Soja.  Yosho 
had so wanted to fix things with Ayeka with the gift of his grandson.  
But it was not to be.  Perhaps it was for the best.  Ryoko wanted to 
make Tenchi happy, and would not command him as Ayeka would.  Tenchi 
might be able to find himself, and so could Ryoko.  Ayeka needed 
someone self-assured, some one who could stand up to her.   Ayeka, 
under all her bluster, was terribly needy and unsure.  She needed 
someone to see that and to understand.  Yosho sighed, and dropped his 
head back down.  Sasami stirred.
“How much longer brother?” Sasami yawned, stretching her arms and 
wiggling to get the kinks out.
“The less you ask that my dear, the shorter it will be.”  Yosho 
made a half-hearted attempt at a grin.
Ayeka coughed.  “You think they could at least provide chairs for 
the nobility.”
Yosho rolled his eyes, and Sasami giggled.  Ayeka harrumphed.
Ayeka stared at the black rope swinging in front of her, that 
served as a guide for the formation of the glacial tide which 
masqueraded as a line in this hideous building.  Her kimono was 
rumpled.  He head ached from fluorescent lights.  She had missed 3 of 
her favorite soap operas.  At worst off, Ryoko was getting to spend 
time with Tenchi.  Alone.  The thought terrified her.  The thought that 
a space pirate should get privileged time with the future Emperor of 
Jurai while she, a first princess was forced to wait for an idiotic 
visa filled her with rage.  The thought that Tenchi might like it 
filled her with dread.  She was not blind.  She knew that although she 
had started the fight with an advantage, Ryoko was catching up.  Ryoko 
may already have won.  Ayeka couldn’t stand the thought of Ryoko taking 
something else from her, after already having stolen Yosho’s youth.  
Ayeka could no longer say in truth she hated Ryoko, but she did hate to 
lose against her.  And she didn’t want to be sent home.  Not without 
Tenchi.  Not without someone to comfort her in the cold years to come 
at court.  Her eyes filled with tears.  Fortunately, neither her 
brother nor her sister could see her face.  She stared down at her 
hands, pale and white, with the remains of the red nail polish Mihoshi 
had tried to apply, and had managed to spill all over her favorite 
lavender kimono.  Perhaps it was for the best.  Tenchi always looked 
uncomfortable when she wore that dress.  She could never seem to please 
him.  She looked up suddenly, a sense of awareness traveling down her 
spine.  She turned toward the front of the line, and saw a figure 
walking toward them.  The blond hair and gray eyes were unmistakable.  
It was B again.  Except this time, he wore gray Juraian robes….


Meanwhile…Back on Earth…

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHKKKKKKKKK!!!!!
	Ryoko scrambled quickly to cover Tenchi’s deliciously naked body. 
She landed on top of him, causing all the air to rush out of his lungs 
as his face began to turn bright red with embarrassment.  “Mom!  What 
are you doing?”
	“You called me ‘Mom’!” Washu grinned.  “Things must be serious if 
you resort to that!”  Ryoko smirked, a large sweatdrop forming over her 
head.  Tenchi got even redder, not needing the reminder that Washu was 
the mother of the woman he was naked in bed with. 
	Tenchi stuttered, “Ah…Miss Washu..could you…ah…”
	Washu cut him off, “Call me Mom, Tenchi!  It’s about time you two 
ended up in the sack.  By my calculations, you should have finally 
broken down 2 days, 18 hours and 6 minutes ago.”  Ryoko and Tenchi 
looked shocked, then both blushed again.
	Washu cackled with glee, “I was right!  Ha, I knew it.  The 
psychic backlash was unmistakable! I am the Greatest Scientific Genius 
in the Universe!”  The Washu-bots promptly appeared, “You’re the 
greatest Washu!” said Bot-A.  “Your libido-meter is always right!” said 
Bot-B.  Ryoko and Tenchi formed new, larger sweatdrops.  
Suddenly, a commotion is heard outside.  Whose head should pop in 
but…
“Where is everybody?” Nobuyuki sticks his head in Tenchi’s room.  
Ryoko, Tenchi and Washu stare at him.  He assesses the situation 
quickly.  He barges in.
“My son!  You have become a man!  I am so proud!  Thank you, Miss 
Ryoko.”  He runs to hug Ryoko, but Washu stops him.
“Don’t you need your camera?” Washu askes.  
“Of course!  How could I forget to capture this moment!  Your 
mother would be so proud!” He dashes out.
As Ryoko and Tenchi recover from shock, then glare at Washu.  
“Washu, how could you tell him to get the camera!” Ryoko accuses.
“Well dear, sex must be good for you.  Your breasts don’t seem to 
be sagging quite so much.”
Ryoko looks down at her torn maid’s costume, and her generous 
bosom spilling out from the uneven neckline.  
“I thought you two might want a chance to get dressed.”  
“Oh.”  Ryoko phases into one of her more demure dresses, and 
Tenchi, after asking Washu to turn around, gets out of bed and 
scrambles to pull up his pants.  Nobuyuki dashes in with the camera, 
and cries in dismay.
“Oh, how could you spoil the moment!  Now you’ll never be able to 
show this to your children!”  Tenchi starts at that announcement, 
looking very uncomfortable.  Ryoko notes his reaction, and it worries 
her.  
“Uh...Dad, that may be a while yet.” Tenchi suggests weakly.
“Well…maybe not.  Did you use protection?”
“Uh…” Tenchi grabs the back of his neck nervously, and rocks back 
and forth on the balls of his feet.  Washu pulls out her holo-laptop 
from wherever it resides in subspace, and promptly scans Ryoko, who 
stands quietly while watching Tenchi intently.
“Nope, nothing to worry about yet.  I’m not even sure that Ryoko 
and Tenchi are compatible at the moment for natural conception, but 
with that sample,” Washu winks, “I’m sure I could make the necessary 
alterations to Ryoko’s DNA in no time!”
Ryoko glares at Washu, and Tenchi laughs with nervous relief.
“So, when are you two getting married?”  Nobuyuki asked with the 
camera rolling.  Tenchi’s jaw dropped, rendering him speechless.  
Ryoko’s eyes bug out, and Washu clucks her tongue and shakes her head, 
cursing Nobuyuki for his clumsy handling of a sensitive situation.  It 
was surprising however, to hear such a conventional notion out of the 
mouth of a known hentai like Tenchi’s father.
“No..I mean..I don’t…I mean…..” Tenchi faltered, unsure of what 
to do.  Ryoko looked at him, a lump forming in her throat.  She had not 
wanted to push the issue for a while, knowing that Tenchi needed time.  
But to hear him deny her dream now still hurt.  Tears formed in her 
eyes.  She faded out silently, as Tenchi was still scratching his head 
and looking nervously, first at his father and then at his prospective 
mother-in-law.  He sensed when Ryoko left though, and felt an emptiness 
behind him.  He looked confused for a moment. 
Then it dawned on him what he had said.  “Damn!”  He ran to his 
dresser and pulled out a shirt, and a small box.  He raced past Washu 
and his father, whose camera was still rolling.  Nobuyuki called after 
him, “You shouldn’t swear on camera!” But Tenchi was long gone.
Washu shook her head.  “Nobuyuki, you old fool!  Give them some 
time to work things out!  Don’t force them, or you’ll never get any 
grandchildren.”
Nobuyuki put down the camera, and turned to face Washu.  “I know 
Miss Washu, but I don’t want Tenchi to waste time.  He should have 
every moment he can with the woman he loves.”  Nobuyuki took off his 
glasses and bent his head as he cleaned them on the tail of his shirt.  
Washu could still see the tear in the corner of his eye.  


Back in line of the dark side of the moon….

Agent B walked up to the royal family members of Jurai, and 
gracefully sat on the ground in front of Princess Ayeka.  He proceeded 
to fold his hands in the proper fashion, and bowed his head.  
“Jaran Bethani requesting an audience with the first princess of 
Jurai and her family.”  All the propriety and formality of a Juraian 
noble addressing his sovereign went into that statement.  How could he 
have known it was exactly what she needed right now?  How could he have 
known all the proper gestures, even if they were a bit archaic?
“Granted,” said Ayeka, “what brings you to speak to your 
princess?”
	Jaran looked up at the princess, a bemused but respectful look in 
his eye. “I have pulled some strings for you, your highness, based on 
my friendship with your esteemed brother, and have gotten you and 
Princess Sasami a hearing in two hours.  Would you rather rest in the 
officials’ waiting room?”
	A beatific smile crossed Ayeka’s face.  “Thank you, Lord Bethani, 
for your consideration.  We will go at once.”  Ayeka tried to get up 
gracefully, but her left leg had fallen asleep.  As she was about to 
stumble, Jaran, who has already arisen, caught her arm and steadied 
her.  The contact shot up her arm like an electric shock.  She stared 
into his eyes for the briefest of seconds, and then looked down with a 
blush.  Jaran released her arm.  “I am sorry for any transgression upon 
your person, your highness.”
	Ayeka replied, a little unsteadily, “Most understandable, my 
lord.”
	Sasami and Yosho were up by this time.  Yosho thanked Jaran by 
shaking his hand, and Sasami began to chatter happily.  As they 
gathered their belongings, Ryo-okhi scrambled up on to Jaran’s shoulder 
to find a perch.  
	“Miyaa…” she purred as she rubbed her ear against his chin.
	“I guess the formally most-wanted pirate ship in the galaxy likes 
me!”  Jaran declared, making Sasami giggle some more.  She took Jaran’s 
hand, as he led them all toward a more comfortable waiting room.  
	Ayeka was lost in thought.  He is so different now.  She had 
called him Lord Bethani because it seemed natural to do so.  He seemed 
to carry himself like a noble, and knew the proper court procedures.  
She was intrigued.  Most of all, she could not explain the shock that 
jolted her as they touched, or the nervousness he engendered simply by 
looking at her.  She felt almost giddy.  Could she be betraying her 
devotion to Lord Tenchi?  She did not think it was possible.  But here 
was this strange man, who treated her as an annoying case file one 
minute and an honored princess the next.  The conundrum fascinated her.
	Jaran opened a door out of the immense hall they had been sitting 
in.  Inside was a small but functional waiting room, with plain green 
couches and tourism posters advertising the Taj Mahal and the Mall of 
America.  A coffee machine percolated on a card table at the far wall.  
Not exactly royal accommodations, but certainly better than the floor.  
Ayeka sat on one of the couches with as much regal aplomb as she could 
muster.  Sasami went to the coffee area to see if there was any hot 
water for tea.  Yosho stood in the empty space next to the coffee 
machine and began to go through a series of ritualistic Juraian 
movements, similar to Tai Chi, to work the kinks out of his system.  
Jaran, using a ritualized series of hand movements, asked Ayeka for 
permission to sit on the couch opposite from her.  With a nod she 
agreed.  Ryo-okhi scrambled down off his shoulder as he sat, and began 
to hunt dust-bunnies under the couch.
	“Is this better, your highness?”  Jaran asked, an eyebrow raised, 
as if expecting a blistering reply.
	“Yes, Lord Bethani.  It is better.”  Jaran looked surprised.  
Ayeka had learned on earth to be grateful sometimes, even if things 
were not perfect.  Jaran smiled at her.  Ayeka’s heart fluttered.  She 
looked down at her hands again.
	“How is it that I have not heard of you or your family name, Lord 
Bethani?  And how came you to be a cousin of Officer Mihoshi?”
	Jaran let out a sigh.  “First of all, your highness, I would feel 
much more comfortable if you did me the honor of calling me Jaran, or 
at least Lord Jaran.  After all, I am on leave at the moment, and would 
prefer to be at least slightly relaxed, even in the presence of 
royalty.
	“Secondly, as you may have guessed, I am not a full-blooded 
Juraian.  My grandfather is the Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police, 
and that is how I am Mihoshi’s cousin.  Her mother is my mother’s 
sister.  My father took my mother’s name, as is the custom of her 
people.  My father felt little connection to Jurai in that sense.  
Although his father, my grandfather, since felt the pull of the trees 
of Jurai, and taught me what I know of Jurai and of courtly custom.  I 
must admit to being out of practice though.”
	“Who is your grandfather?”  Ayeka asked, curious.
	“Who was my grandfather…he died several years ago.  Before his 
time.  Heartbroken I suppose.  He missed his home.” Jaran had a distant 
look in his eyes.  He turned to her.  “Have you ever heard of Jakan 
Ishani?”
	Ayeka sucked in her breath.  It was a name spoken with respect 
often in court circles, but never directly to her father.  The Ishani 
family had a long and illustrious name, and long ago had intermarried 
often with the Masaki royal family, but that had been generations in 
the past.  They were respected and honored advisors to the royal 
family, and loyal in the utmost.  But they no longer lived on Jurai.  
The name Jakan Ishani brought only sadness and regret to the eyes of 
her father.
	Long ago, when her father was a very young man, Jakan Ishani had 
been his best friend.  They had quarreled however.  Asuza was convinced 
that the purity of the Juraian line must be maintained, and that no 
member of the nobility should be allowed to marry foreigners and 
contaminate Jurai.  Jakan held the believe that marrying outside of the 
Juraian nobility would bring a necessary vitality back into the court, 
and would do a great deal of good.  They argued long and hard over 
this, until things escalated to such a point that Asuza has questioned 
Jakan’s loyalty to Jurai.  Jakan, insulted, had left Jurai and sworn 
never to return.  Later, when Asuza had met Funaho and had married her, 
partly because Jakan’s arguments had opened his eyes to the 
possibility, Asuza had sent for Jakan to return.  But he would not 
apologize, for Asuza was a stubborn man.  Jakan did not return, but 
stayed with his wife and child.
	Ayeka looked at Jaran, who appeared to be just as lost in thought 
as her.  He was a powerful man, or could be.  He was allied to two 
great forces in the galaxy, the Galaxy Police, and the highest ranks of 
Juraian nobility.  He understood the necessity of formality, but she 
could tell on some level he rebelled against it, and was not 
constrained by it.  He fascinated her.
	Sasami peeked over her shoulder at her sister and Jaran.  She 
liked him, and she could tell her sister liked him too.  She saw deeper 
than your average 11-year-old did.  She knew what Tenchi and Ryoko felt 
for each other, and had watched Ayeka strive against it.  She hoped now 
that her sister might be happy.  From Tsunami, she could sense that 
their meeting today had great import.  She hoped that whatever 
happened, it would turn out for the best.


Back in Okayama…

	She could hear him coming up the hill.  She had heard him coming 
earlier today, as he had snuck up behind her in the bedroom that 
afternoon, but she hadn’t wanted to spoil what he was planning.  She 
had wanted to see what he would do.  The same was true now.  One thing 
she was grateful to Zero for.  She had learned the value of patience.  
At least a little patience.
	She sat beside the small pond near the cave that was her resting 
place for 700 years.  When she truly felt hopeless or alone, she would 
return to the outside of the cave, to remind herself that at least she 
was free.   Ryo-okhi could not hear her from this far away, and she 
hated the feeling of being alone.  She had several bottles of sake with 
her from her secret stash, but for some reason she didn’t feel like 
opening them.
	Tenchi came to the top of the hill, battling through the dark 
against the underbrush that had collected on the little used trail.  
Tenchi didn’t come up here much anymore, not when the spirit that 
attracted him so much to the place was alive and well, and the object 
of his affection.  Tenchi saw Ryoko, staring down into a small pool of 
water, near the entrance to her cave.  He caught his breath at her 
beauty, so melancholy in the light of the quarter moon that had risen 
in the sky.
	He walked up to her, but she did not look up.  He sat down.  “I’m 
sorry I took so long…I had to find you first.  I climbed up on the 
roof, and then I tried the shrine, I even tried the onsen, which was a 
bit hard to get into.  I finally figured out where you might be.”
	She turned her head away from him, trying to hide her tears from 
him.  She hurt, but she didn’t want to make it that evident.  It was 
still hard to trust, to reveal her feelings.
	“I’m sorry I sounded stupid back there…I wanted to explain a few 
things….but, but I don’t really know how…”
	“I’m too young to get married.” Ryoko turned to glare at him. 
“That…that didn’t come out right either…I mean, I might be the crown 
prince of Jurai, and you a space pirate, but I’m only eighteen.  I want 
to be able to provide for you, to go to college, if not here, maybe 
somewhere in space.  I need to be able to do something useful.”  Ryoko 
didn’t look convinced, but at least he could tell she was listening.
	“I also want to make sure you’ll be happy with me, “ Ryoko tried 
to interrupt at that point, “Hear me out, my love.”  Tenchi continued, 
“You’ve either been a space pirate at the mercy of Kagato, or stuck in 
a wet cave for 700 years.  I’m not sure if I am exciting enough for 
you.  We need some time to figure that out.  I don’t want to make you 
miserable.”
	Ryoko smiled a quirky little smile.  “Silly.  You’re just plain 
silly sometimes, you know that my Tenchi.” Ryoko looked up at the night 
sky.  “I am free, and I want to see the galaxy sometime, without having 
to pillage.  But it would only mean something if I had somebody to 
share it with.”  She turned to look into the eyes of the man she loved, 
“I’ve had nobody to love me my whole life Tenchi.  To be loved, to have 
children with the man I love, is more exciting than travelling to 
10,000 star systems.  I may not completely fit in with a life here on 
earth, and carpools and PTA meetings, like those mothers on TV, but you 
don’t quite fit with that life anymore either.  I don’t know what my 
role will be in the galaxy, but neither to you.  Isn’t that exciting?”
	Tenchi looked at her with a new respect.  She had surprised him 
again with her depth of observation.  “We can figure it out together, I 
guess.”
	“Yeah.” Ryoko turned back to the pool of water.
	“I guess the worst thing though…” Tenchi dug around in his pocket 
for the box, “Is that I didn’t get to ask you myself.  My dumb father 
took the words away.”
	Ryoko took a quick intake of breath as the small green box was 
brought before her.  She opened it slowly, not quite believing what 
could be inside.  It was a thin gold ring, delicate but strong.  In the 
band, three small rubies were set in a triangle pattern, as her jewels 
were once set in the hilt of the Tenchiken.  
	Tenchi spoke first, as Ryoko was too choked up.  “I’ll give you 
your gems back you know, if you need them.  I thought that this might 
be enough of a promise to make you stay.  I still need some time, but I 
do have every intention of marrying you.  If you’ll have me.”
	Ryoko wrapped her arms around him, crying into his shoulder in 
happiness.  She understood it would take a while before they were ready 
to be married, but the promise kept her heart warm.  Tenchi held her 
tight.  They stayed like that for long minutes, until Ryoko looked up 
into his face, her eyes shining in happiness.  He kissed the tears from 
her eyes, and when he kissed her mouth, she could taste their saltiness 
on his lips.
	He took the box from her, and took out the ring.  He picked up 
her left hand, and placed the ring on the third finger.  “It’s not 
much.  I saw it a month ago in a little shop in town, near school.  I 
thought you might like it.  It seemed to suit you.  I can get so 
something better…”
	“It’s perfect, you fool.  Absolutely perfect.”  She kissed him 
deeply, wrapping her arms around his neck.  He eased them down on to 
the dry, grass-covered ground near the pond.  He spread kisses over her 
face, and she returned every one.  He kissed her eyelids, and her chin, 
she kissed the tip of his nose, and his brow.  He moved to her ears.  
He found that she shivered when he blew air behind her ears, and that 
created goosebumps on her normally smooth, silky flesh.  She tried the 
same, only to discover he was ticklish.  With that discovery, they 
tossed about on the ground, each attempting to out-tickle the other, 
laughing at the stars, and almost drowning in the pond.  Then they had 
fun removing each others’ wet clothes, and hanging them up to dry.
	Luckily, it was not cold that night, but they still might have 
managed to keep each other warm.  Tenchi rained kisses along Ryoko’s 
neck, down between her breasts, to her stomach, playing tag with her 
navel (why she has a navel, I don’t know).  He kisses her hipbones, and 
plays along her outer thigh, finding an especially sensitive spot on 
the back of her knee that sends her moaning for him.  She then decides 
to play the aggressor, pushing him back, and kissing his neck, his 
chest, licking his hard nipples.  She whips her hair back and forth 
across his abdomen and his hard member, watching him watch her play.  
She scoots down farther, and grasps his penis in her hand gently.  She 
tentatively kisses the tip, looking up at Tenchi to see the fire in his 
eyes.  She lets her tongue explore deeper, slowly pushing back the 
folds of foreskin until the head is exposed.  She then takes the whole 
head in her mouth, sucking hard, but trying to be careful with her 
pointed teeth.  Tenchi writhes under her, begging for more, and yet 
fearing to come too soon.  She plays some more, licking and sucking.  
Treating his member like her favorite flavor ice-cream cone. 
Tenchi stops her, “I can’t take any more!”  He reverses their 
positions, and begins the slow suckling of her breasts, which causes 
her to writhe beneath him. Rapture sings through her veins, as sharp 
spikes of pleasure radiate through her body toward her center core.  
Tenchi feels his blood pounding, his body crying for release, but he 
wants to make this time slow and sweet, not hurried and frantic like 
the times before.  He begins to master the great sexual art of control.  
He can feel her thigh bump into his erect and sensitized member, but 
revels more in the evidence of her pleasure as she moans and cries out 
his name.
She clutches at his back, her nails, raking softly back and 
forth, creating erotic sensation in their passing.  She too, feels his 
penis bump into her thighs, and she craves its entry, impatient to be 
filled by him, to feel complete.  He moves down to kiss the folds and 
valleys of her labia, and she is thrown to new height of wanting, as is 
he, after smelling her sweet smells and tasting her saltiness.  She 
finally pulls at his shoulders, pulls him atop her.
“Please, Tenchi…I need you…” Tenchi knows how much words like 
that mean from one such as Ryoko, who never wanted to need anyone.  He 
can not help but obey.
He finds her entrance, and slides in, the feeling of tight 
wetness almost driving him over the edge.  She too finds completeness, 
the act of being filled by him so good she almost flies over the edge 
as well.  Her legs wrap around him, but he stops them.  He gets on his 
knees while still with in her, and raises up her bum, and straightens 
her legs by putting them on his shoulders.  With this minor acrobatic 
feat, he thrusts into her, and again finds that magic spot that sets 
her off.  With a few strokes she is scratching his back, begging with 
her voice and body for him to thrust harder, faster, to come with her 
before she flies away. He wants to watch her come alone, but the 
sensations are too overpowering.  He obeys.
She feels him let her legs fall back around his waist, and he 
starts to pound into her with a sure rhythm meant to drive them both 
mad.  She moans his name, feeling piercing pleasure pain that threatens 
to rip her apart.  She can feel him so deep inside her she is almost 
frightened. Faster and faster, until the purple-white lights come 
again, and they become one person.  She screams to the night, and he 
growls his response to the stars.  He collapses on top of her, then 
roles to his side, still inside her, as her left leg still wraps about 
his waist.  He reaches up, and brushes a stray lock of cyan hair out of 
her eyes, and kisses the tip of her nose.
“I love you.”  “I love you too.”
As they rest together, they fail to see the seated scientist who 
pops into existence behind their heads.  She looks down on them with a 
secret smile, before returning to her lab.


In another plane of reality:

The lady looked through portals to see her sisters.  She kept an eye on 
them, although she still could not understand their actions.  Tsunami’s 
physical form was contemplating her “sister” Ayeka and a blond Juraian 
noble with a considerable amount of power.  Washu was watching over her 
daughter and the chosen warrior of Tsunami.  Tokimi would never 
understand them.  She, who understood the universe and all its secret 
laws, could not understand the actions of her sisters.  She felt it was 
time to call them back to duty.  She felt it was time for revenge.  She 
turned to the dark figure in the shadow bordering the dais on which she 
stood.  
	“It is time.  Bring them to me.”
	“Yes, milady.”  It smiled an evil grin.



Ok folks, that’s number 3.  Hope you like it.  Send comments to 
ceclkl@flash.net.  Again, thanks to all those who sent comments before!

-Naiad




