         tenchi muyo belongs to pioneer and i do not own themi am not making
money off this story so please do not sue me. this is my first lemon fic so
please send your comments or questins. thank you!

                        tenchi and ryoko
                       together forever

  tenchi woke up and streched.he looked at the clock it said: 7:40. tenchi
jumped out of bed and practicly ripped off his shirt.then he took off his
pants. he muttered to himself"oohhh im gonna be late for school. he took off
his boxers and looked in the dresser for a clean pair and stopped.tenchi
broke out in sweat. he looked behind him . a giggling ryoko stood behind
him.she laughed and said "you sure do have a nice butt tenchi. why dont you
turn around?" tenchiput his hand over his dick and yelled "ryoko get out of
my room!!!i have a need for privacy!!!!"ryoko faded off laughing.tenchi
finnaly got dressed and then
ran for scool.
                    *******************************

  tenchi ran down the hall and opened the door to his classroom. everyone
was in their seat and quiet. the teacher was in a speech and
stopped."tenchi?why werent you here on time?" tenchi just stood there.he
stumbled through words"uh i mean i well you kno,uh uhohh im dead." the
teacher said sit n your seat and dont leave after the bell i want to talk to
you."some boys laughed and said "busted!" the teacher said would you like t
stay with him? the boys got quiet.*ring!!RING!!*
all the students left except tenchi.

  "tenchi why were you late?" tenchi stared at the ground.he didnt
answer(what was he supposed to say i overslept and the girl i live with saw
me nude??)then tenchi forgot what was happening and all of a sudden started
to think of ryoko.she was really pretty, he thought of all the times he
saved her and she saved him....WHAP!!tenchi jolted as he felt the slap of
his teachers hand on his back. "shut up" tenchi punched his teacher and left
school.

                 ****back at home*****

    "hi tenchi" said a smiling ryoko,"i hope you arnt too mad at me  about
this morning." tenchi smiled and said "no,i need to tell you something.." he
was cut off by noobiuki walking down the path yelling like a dimwitt,"tenchi
why are you home early??" tenchi shugged and thought of something quik."We
had some power diffucuties." before he could continue the conversatin he
whispred to ryoko,"teleport somewhere elese anywhere but here!"tenchi and
ryoko faded. they were right outside the floting onsen.(note:ayeka had been
going to the bath and saw tenchi and ryoko and decided to listen to what
they were saying)tenchi looked at ryoko in the eyes. he hugged here and
ryoko put her head on tenchis chest. "ryoko i love you i love you so much i
cant explain it in words.

"tenchi"ryoko said in tears,"i thought you would never say that to me."
they locked in a kiss. tenchi slid his toung n ryokos mouth while hers was
already in his.
ayeka saw them and started to cry."he loves her" she thought,"what do i have
to live for now? i can't be with tenchi if he loves her."
she walked into the womens bath not seen by tenchi or ryoko.tenchi looked
where they were.tenchi said "hey want to celebrate?"ryoko said "yes, would i
ever!"htey ran into the mens bath

ayeka made another slit in her arm. the water was red with ayekas blood.
ayeka cryed harder than ever now. she moved to the next arm and put the
razor to her armshe cut in verticly down her armblood streamed out of her
arm. she felt weak and tierd.then slowly she passed out, slowly falling
asleep never to wake up.

(now to more happy occasions)ryoko was sitting by the edge of the waterthen
she saw tenchi come out of the dressing room except his boxers were on  "ohh
let me do it!!" said ryoko. she got up and ran over to tenchi and pulled off
his boxers."ohh your long and thick"
she rubbed it. then shr laied down and spread her legs far apart.tenchi got
between her legs and licked her pussy.ryoko moaned in pleasure."ohhhhh
teennchi." then she rooled him over and said "let me play with your dick"she
rubbed it more.she sucked it light ly then more the really hard. tenchi
could feel himself about to cum.she continued to suck.
tenchi cummed.ryoko swallowed it.ryoko stopped and said "tasts good but lets
put your troopers in some better places.tenchi puled her on top of him she
sat on his dick and slide it up hher pussy.sliding it in and out.faster and
faster then tenchi cummed so hard he screamedalong with ryoko moaning in
pleasure. they rolled off each other and just laied there. finnaly they
spoke tenchi said "will you marry me?" ryoko said"yes." they smiles and
rolled back on each other and kissed.

                  couple days pass and we are taken to ayekas funarul
sasami cryied and couldnt stop.washu wasnt upset very much but she did feel
sorry for sasami because ayeka was her idol to her she was the person she
looked up to.ryoko and tenchi didnt feel bad at all but like washu they did
feel sorry for sasami.
weeks pass and its ryoko and tenchis wedding night.they are in bed having
wild sex. tenchi cummed into ryokos pussy and she moned.tenchi then starts
to rub ryokos back then her butt."ohhhhhTEEENNNCHIIIOHHHH
YES!" Tenchi moans loudly as ryoko lets some of tenchis cum suirt on them
every where.

                 nine monthes later in washus lab...."AHHHH TENCHI!!!!"
Tenchi held ryokos hand as she pushed.washu said "a little more ryoko..thats
it..."
*baby screams* ryoko relaxes."its a boy you guys!"washu said happily. she
gave the baby to ryoko. "im nameing him....tenchi masaki the second." tenchi
blushed. "well tenchi did you ever expect this?"
"yes my dear ryoko, and much more." he smiled and kissed ryoko
and now we leave this pretty scene of two people destined to be together
forever.

          thank you for reading my fan fic and not crashing you computer to
picecs because you thought it was bad so if you have a opinin please send it
to cute_little_washu_2000 thank you