WARNING: This fic contains scenes which fall into the sexually explicit 
category.  It contains graphic depictions of non-consensual CP, corporal 
punishment, i.e. spanking.  If this offends you to the point where you can't 
stand to read it, then I'd suggest you take off now.  Otherwise, enjoy!

It was a normal morning in the Masaki household.  Birds were singing, the sun 
was rising in a cloudless sky, and a breakfast fit for a king was being made by 
Sasami.  Washu was working in her laboratory on a biology experiment, which was 
designed to increase pheromone production in human females.

"At last, it's near completion!" Washu exclaimed with excitement.  "Let Ryoko 
and Aeka fight all they want to.  With this formula I'll have the ultimate 
advantage."

Washu had just finished putting the mixture into a perfume bottle when there was 
a knock at the door. "Come in!" she shouted.

The door opened and Sasami stepped in (NO THIS IS NOT A SASAMI LEMON! I'm not 
that low.)  "Breakfast is ready Miss Washu," Sasami stated in that cute, 
innocent tone of voice.

"Alright Sasami, I'll be right there," Washu said, putting the bottle down on 
the table.  She got up and walked out the door, leaving the bottle on her desk.

Ryoko, who had been listening the whole time, unbeknownst to her mother, giggled 
with excitement as she approached the desk.  "So... this potion will make me 
irresistible will it?  Gee, it could be dangerous.  I should test it out for 
her." Ryoko reasoned, picking the bottle up and putting it in a pocket in her 
dress.  "Now to find Tenchi," she chuckled with excitement as she left the room.

Ryoko stuck her head out the wall to see if anyone was watching and then went 
upstairs to see if Tenchi was there.  She flew into his room to find his book 
bag and him gone.  "Damn!" Ryoko cursed. "He must have left for school early.  
Oh well... Washu will never know who took it.  It could be Aeka for all she 
knows.  I'll just wait till Tenchi gets home and then..."

"Tenchi already left for school," Sasami said. "Breakfast is ready.  Come down 
and have some."

"Ok Sasami, I'll be right down." Ryoko answered,  heading down to the dining 
area.

When she got to the dining table she saw everyone but Tenchi there.  "Good 
morning," Mihoshi shouted.

"Good morning Mihoshi," Ryoko replied.

Ryoko sat down at the table and looked across at her mother, who was already 
enjoying her meal.  "This is great Sasami!" Washu complimented.  You're one of 
the best cooks I've met in my entire 20,000 years."

"Thank you very much Miss Washu," Sasami said, blushing.

Washu noticed Ryoko looking at her, and asked, "Something wrong little Ryoko?"

Ryoko quickly answered, "Oh, no, nothing at all."

Washu shrugged and went back to eating.  Ryoko resumed eating her breakfast with 
a slight twinge of guilt.  The food probably wouldn't have tasted as good to her 
as it normally did if she could taste that was.  She normally didn't feel guilty 
for much of what she did, but she hadn't stolen from her mother or any of her 
friends for a long time either.

Ryoko, while eating attempted to do some mental reasoning.  She reasoned, "Well 
she was going to use it for a wrong purpose anyways.  This way she can't, and 
she won't feel bad afterwards."  Accepting her own twisted logic, but not 
clearing her mind completely of guilt, Ryoko finished her breakfast and left the 
table.  

As Ryoko was going back to her room she thought to herself, "If she finds the 
bottle missing she might automatically assume it was me.  I better do something 
to make her think it wasn't."  Ryoko went to her room and quickly poured the 
contents out of a bottle of her own perfume into a separate container and then 
poured the mixture Washu had created into her old perfume bottle, then put her 
own perfume into the bottle which Washu had used for the potion.  She then 
quickly flew down the stairs and put the bottle on Washu's desk, and quickly 
left the lab.

Washu had taken her time finishing breakfast, and when she finally did finish, 
got up and went back to her lab to work on other experiments till Tenchi got 
home.

Throughout the day, Ryoko couldn't shake the feeling of guilt in her mind.  She 
wasn't used to it.  Throughout all the violent, and evil acts she had committed 
on Jurai she never felt a shred of guilt, but for some reason this was 
different, and she couldn't seem to get rid of it.

The day passed uneventfully for the most part.  She had to be "gently" reminded 
by Aeka a few times to do her chores around the house, but other than that it 
was a typical day.  Tenchi returned home somewhat late, after dinnertime.

Ryoko was there to meet him at the door.  "Welcome home Tenchi," she said in a 
seductive tone of voice.

"Hi Ryoko, how was your day?" Tenchi unsuspectingly replied.

Ryoko said, "It was fine, but I have something I want to show you."

Tenchi gulped.  He had heard this line before, and wondered what she had cooked 
up this time.  "What do you mean Ryoko?" Tenchi nervously asked.

Ryoko grabbed him by the arm and led him to her room.  "Uh, Ryoko, why are we in 
your room?  What is it you wanted to show me?"

Ryoko picked up the bottle of perfume from the table and said, "I wanted you to 
tell me what you think of the scent of this."

Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief.  If only he knew what her real intent was.  
Ryoko was just about to spray herself with the perfume when she heard someone 
clearing her throat from the doorway.  Ryoko jumped back, and looked to the 
doorway to see Washu standing there with an angry expression on her face.  As 
soon as she saw her mother's face she inadvertently dropped the bottle, which 
shattered upon hitting the floor.

Washu's look of anger changed to that of horror as she ran over to the broken 
bottle on the floor.  "My potion!  I worked for weeks trying to develop that!  
RYOKO!!!"

At this point Ryoko was worried.  She'd seen Washu angry before, but never like 
this.  Ryoko just stepped back a few feet as her mother looked her in the eyes, 
"I should have known!  I heard you did some pretty low things while you were 
under Kagato's control, but what excuse do you have for this?"

Ryoko, not wanting to admit she was wrong, answered, "You were going to use it 
for the same reason I was!"

Washu breathed more of a hiss and said to Tenchi, "Could you please leave us? I 
need to talk to my daughter."

A confused, and bewildered Tenchi answered, "Uh... ok."  Then he turned and 
walked out the door wondering what just happened.

Washu closed the door behind him.  "You realize you just about made a fool of 
yourself right?"

Ryoko, surprised, answered, "W... what? What do you mean?  You said the potion 
would make you irresistible."

Washu shook her head, in angry frustration and said, "You don't know anything 
about biology do you?  Pheromones stimulate certain sexual senses within they 
human body, but they are not the end all of it.  Spraying that on you may have 
made you more appealing to him, but he would still have to have wanted it."

Ryoko answered, "Then why are you so upset over it?  Why spend all this time 
working on it?"

Washu answered, "You know nothing about economics either I see.  This would have 
sold like hotcakes on the market to women who have hard time finding a guy.  It 
would have brought this entire family out of debt for life.  Sure I wanted to 
use it on myself for its obvious advantages, but it in and of itself wouldn't 
have made him want me.  There would have to have been more to it.  He was going 
to be my test subject.  I was going to study his reactions, but would I have 
complained if it had made him want me more? No.  All is fair after all. At least 
I don't fight like a child with someone else over him all day."

Ryoko was dumbfounded.  Her mother was right.  She didn't know that much about 
biology despite the fact that her mother was a scientist.  Could she in fact, 
have wrecked the chance at making the Masaki family rich?  The feeling of guilt 
began to swell in her again.  "I... I..."

"I don't want to hear it Ryoko!  Not only did you just wreck one of the only 
inventions I've made that I can actually market on this planet without causing 
an entire industrial revolution, but you stole from me.  Your own mother!  
You've gone too far this time!" Washu yelled.

Ryoko managed to get out the words, "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean for it to..."

Washu cut her off, "Be quiet!  I know you did some horrible things while you 
were under Kagato's control.  Then you had an excuse, now you have none!  I see 
you've had no sense of discipline in your life at all in 5000 years!  That's a 
situation I intend to remedy now!"

Ryoko looked up at Washu and asked nervously, "W... what do you mean?"

"What I mean is that I'm going to make sure this kind of thing does NOT happen 
again.  You want to act like a 10-year-old then I'll treat you like one!  I'm 
going to blister your backside so you never even think about stealing again!" 
Washu continued to yell.

Ryoko was taken aback, she cringed at her mother's words, but indignantly 
replied, "You have no right! You haven't been my mother for 5000 years.  You 
have no right to do this."

Washu answered, "You're right, I haven't been with you for all that time.  If I 
had been you would NEVER have grown up to be like this, and I'm going to make 
sure you don't stay like this anymore!  It's my responsibility to deal with your 
misbehavior.  You may be 5000 years old but your mind is still that of a 17 year 
old, which means that you aren't yet set in your ways, and I'm going to change 
those ways here and now!"

Ryoko replied, "You'll never be able to do it.  I can..."

Washu again cut her off, "There's much worse things I can do without even having 
to touch you Ryoko.  You don't want to experience those, and this attitude 
you're taking is going to make matters worse for you.  You'd be smart to shut up 
and take your punishment."

Ryoko thought about flying out of there and going away for a few days, but she 
realized her mother was probably not bluffing, and she really didn't want to 
find out.  She'd heard about children and teenagers receiving such punishments 
in the past but had never fallen victim to one herself.  She thought she could 
probably get away, but then the feeling of guilt came back.  It was getting 
worse, and she knew it would continue to get worse.  She knew she deserved it, 
if not something worse, but didn't want to admit it or take it.

Ryoko looked up at her mother who had changed into adult form without her 
noticing it.  She was actually serious.  This was no joke.  Her mother walked to 
a chair at Ryoko's desk and pulled it out to the center of the room, and sat 
down in it.  Ryoko began to shake, frightened.

"You have no idea how embarrassing and painful it is for me to have to spank my 
5000 year daughter as though she were 1/500ths her age, but there's no other way 
I can think of to deal with your disrespect, and wrong doings anymore.  I've 
held off on controlling your life for this long, hoping you would show some 
improvement, and instead you get worse.  Now come over here." Washu stated while 
motioning with her hand for Ryoko to come.

Ryoko, very much afraid of what was to come, but not wanting to risk further 
wrath, and also bound by feelings of guilt, slowly walked over to her mother, 
and stood by her right side.

Washu took Ryoko by the wrist and laid her across her lap.  Ryoko felt so 
embarrassed.  She was about to be punished like a 10 year old child.  Her face 
turned red and tears came to her eyes.  Washu then reached down and pulled the 
back of her green dress up and over her slender buttocks, baring them, since 
Ryoko did not bother to wear underwear.

"Mother please don't do it bare. I'm too old." Ryoko implored.

*SMACK* Washu responded to her daughter's plea with a sharp slap to her shapely 
backside and hissed,  "I said be quiet!  You're far too old to be stealing too 
but you did that anyways!"

Washu placed her left arm around her daughter's mid section to keep her from 
falling off.  She was going to make sure that Ryoko never even considered 
stealing again.  She reached into the pocket of her shorts and pulled out an old 
wooden hairbrush.  Ryoko looked back to see it and began to shake even more.  
She was genuinely afraid.  She was already sure she wouldn't steal again.

"Please don't.  I promise I'll never steal again!" Ryoko begged.

The adult Washu then brought the hairbrush down on her errant daughter's 
backside in full force leaving an unsightly mark in its place *SMACK*.  "I 
thought I told you to be quiet! You're right, you won't steal again, because if 
you do I'll find something more unpleasant next time.  Understand me?"

"Yes," Ryoko replied in pain from the last swat.  She knew this was not going to 
be a walk in the park for her.

*SMACK* once again.  "That's yes ma'am or yes mother to you!" Washu demanded.

Ryoko winced in pain. Pretty much having lost any and all sense of pride during 
the ordeal so far didn't see any point in arguing it any further and said, "Yes 
ma'am." She grabbed the legs of the chair with both her hands and held on tight.

*SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK* "I hope..." *SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK* "that you learn from 
this..." *SMACK* SMACK* "because, if you don't..." *SMACK* *SPLAT* *CRACK* "I 
will gladly repeat the lesson for you!"

Ryoko was in a lot of pain already by this point, and began to beg, "I promise 
mom... I'll never do it again!  Please stop!"

*SMACK* *SMACK* SMACK* *SMACK* "Oh no..." *SMACK* *SMACK* *CRACK* "I promised 
blisters..." *SPLAT* *CRACK* *SMACK* "And that's what you're going to get!" 
Washu lectured.

Ryoko at this point broke down into sobs, her buttocks were already turning pink 
and on fire, and she felt like she was going to die.

*SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK* Ryoko squirmed unable to hold still any longer.  
She had been in countless battles and been in a lot of pain before, but this was 
different.  It wasn't just the pain of the hairbrush, it was also the pain of 
her guilt of the wrongs she had done recently.  *SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK*  

Ryoko broke down from sobs into wailing, "Pleeeaaassse.... Stop mommy! 
Pleeeeeaaasse! I can't take it anymore"

*SMACK* *SMACK *SLAP* *CRACK* "Oh yes you can, and you will!" Washu angrily 
replied. *SMACK* *SLAP* *CRACK*

"AAAAIIIIEEEEEE!" Ryoko wailed like a little child, as she kicked, squirmed, and 
rolled trying to escape the relentless hairbrush, but to no avail. It appeared 
her mother was about as strong as Ryoko, but she had no time to consider this.  
Her buttocks had already turned dark red and felt like someone had poured 
gasoline on them and ignited it. 

The hairbrush came down time and time again, and Ryoko, who had lost all 
strength and will to fight anymore, and lay there wailing as her mother 
continued to let the brush give a more scathing lecture than her mouth was ever 
able to.  

*SMACK* *SPLAT* CRACK* A set of blisters began to crop up on her daughter's once 
beautifully shaped ass.   Washu delivered 10 more swats, the hardest of all of 
them and Ryoko wailed even louder. *SMACK* *CRACK* *SMACK* "WAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!" 
*CRACK* *CRACK* *SPLAT* *SMACK* *SMACK* *CRACK* *CRACK*

Washu then laid the hairbrush down beside her and waited a few moments while 
Ryoko bawled loudly.  After a minute or so Ryoko finally came back down to 
sobbing and her mother said, "It's over now.  Your punishment is over." Washu 
threw her daughter's dress back over her backside as her daughter let out a 
slight yelp.  Ryoko just lay there sobbing in pain and humiliation.  Her mother 
allowed her to lay there for a few more moments and have a good cry before 
helping her to her feet.  

Ryoko was not in a hurry to go anywhere as she was still sobbing somewhat.  
Washu, seeing that her daughter had got the point, put her arms around her and 
said, "I'm sorry I had to do that, and I'm even more sorry that I wasn't there 
for you all those years.  I only want to see you be the best you can, and I 
should have been more involved in your life, and I would have been if I could 
have.  All is forgiven now, and I hope you learned something from it.  I didn't 
like having to do that, but it causes me even more pain seeing you do something 
so destructive to yourself and others."

Ryoko continued sobbing.  From the time her and Washu had met she had noticed 
how Washu kept trying to get close to her and be a mother to her, but she 
refused it, feeling as though she was already grown up and had nothing to gain 
from someone running her life.  She realized it wasn't Washu's fault that she 
couldn't be there for her.  "I'm sorry I stole from you mother, and I'm sorry 
I've been so disrespectful lately."

Washu answered, "It's ok... you had a right to be.  It isn't your fault I didn't 
raise you, and even now I'm not going to try to run your life.  You've actually 
been pretty good so far from what I've seen.  It's just that what happened 
tonight was not acceptable at all.  If you had left I wouldn't have gone after 
you or done anything more to you, but I would have been hurt even more knowing 
that my daughter had turned into someone who continually lies, cheats and steals 
and doesn't regret it.  The fact that you stayed, makes me think that you did 
care enough."

Ryoko hugged her mother tightly, and Washu did the same with her daughter.  "I 
still want you to give me advice and to be there for me. I always took what you 
said into consideration, but I kept thinking my way was better and that's the 
way I've been living."

Washu replied, "I think you're turning out just fine.  You just need a reminder 
once in awhile.  I care about you deeply little Ryoko, and I don't want to see 
anything happen to you.  I would have given my life if it could have stopped 
Kagato from taking you from me."

Washu and Ryoko embraced in a warm mother/child embrace for a few more minutes 
and then separated.  Washu made one more comment before she walked out the door, 
"Oh, and you're not grounded, so don't worry about that."  Ryoko let out a 
slight chuckle despite the immense pain her lower cheeks were in.  They still 
felt like they were being incinerated.  Washu walked out of the room and closed 
the door behind her.

Yosho met her on her way down the stairs and said, "I heard what happened in 
there, and I sent Tenchi, Aeka, and Sasami outside as soon as I saw Tenchi leave 
the room.  They don't know what happened."

Washu walked up to Yosho in tears and said, "I didn't know what else to do.  I 
couldn't bear to see her become any worse than she had.  It wasn't easy doing 
that you know."

Yosho replied, "I had a daughter once, and though I never had to chastise her 
physically there were often times I had to rebuke her, and those times were some 
of the most painful as well, but perhaps it was for the best."

"But did I have a right?  I mean I haven't been there for her at all.  I have 
never questioned anything I've done in the past, but this is entirely 
different," Washu asked.

Yosho answered, "It's a little late to think of that now isn't it? You did what 
you did because you let your motherly instincts take over, because you care 
about Ryoko.  In time she will come to realize that you acted because you wanted 
what was best for her."

Washu smiled weakly and said, "I think she may understand now, but only time 
will tell."  Washu and Yosho both went into the family room and met with 
Noboyuki, where they had a few drinks of sake and told various stories of 
parenthood.  Near the end of it Washu had some juicy bits with which to 
blackmail Tenchi, and they continued to talk well into the night.

Meanwhile, Ryoko lay, stomach down, on her futon, and cried a few more tears 
before rubbing her burning backside.  She was again able to think clearly, and 
she actually felt better than she had beforehand.  The feeling of guilt that had 
been gnawing at her was now gone.  Replaced by a want to do better.  She didn't 
really know what to think of her mother's actions at first.  She tried to be 
angry at Washu for trying to force her to do what she wanted, but failed when 
she realized that Washu was only doing what she did because she didn't want her 
to steal anymore.  In her mind she could see no other reason.  Washu had nothing 
to gain from it, and from the looks of it, it gave her no pleasure whatsoever.

She continued to think on these things and others such as, "Do I want her back 
in my life now after 5000 years? Can I still live with her the same way after 
what happened? Can I still live my normal life now?"  She pondered these things 
for sometime, but in the end all three answers came up the same, "Yes."  She did 
want someone other than Tenchi in her life to give her advice.  She often acted 
like she knew everything, but she knew she really didn't, and she was sure that 
her mother wouldn't hold it against her anymore, and Washu even said that she 
wouldn't try to control her life, only try to keep her from going too far off 
course.

Ryoko laid there and smiled for a moment despite the pain she was in.  She 
thought to herself, "Perhaps mother and child do have a bond that is unbreakable 
even through years of absence."  Though she had been created, Washu had still 
used a part of her own body in creating her.  She stood up and walked, rather 
painfully, over to the wall and turned off the light, then laid back down and 
went to sleep.

The next day Ryoko awoke and rolled onto her back, only to roll back over rather 
quickly when she realized the pain from the previous night was not yet gone.  
She thought it wise to float around the house most of the day rather than walk.  
She stood up and dressed in her blue and yellow casual dress.  Not long after 
Sasami was knocking at the door.  "Ryoko, breakfast is ready," she chimed 
happily.

The first thought to Ryoko's mind was, "What if they know?  I'll never hear the 
end of this from Aeka, and what will Tenchi think of me?"  Knowing there was 
nothing she could do to change this now, she answered, "I'll be right there 
Sasami," and flew down the stairs to the dining area.  Tenchi greeted her in his 
usual manner saying, "Good morning Ryoko!" Ryoko replied, "Good morning Tenchi."  
Aeka was sitting at the table eating and did not say a word.  Ryoko looked 
across the table at Washu puzzled.  Washu looked at Ryoko and just shook her 
head.  Ryoko heard telepathically from Washu, "They don't know about it."  Ryoko 
breathed a sigh of relief.  Much to Tenchi's surprise she didn't jump on him and 
try to convince him to be alone with her.  This was more due to the fact that 
jumping anywhere would be more pain than it was worth, and even if she did 
manage to get him alone what could she do to him with her backside looking the 
way it was.  The last thing she wanted was him finding out about what happened.

The next few days passed rather uneventfully, and there was a slight improvement 
in Ryoko's behavior.  However, the occasional spat between her and Aeka erupted 
as usual.  Washu on the other hand began to pay more attention to Ryoko and 
slightly less to her work.  If she was going to be any kind of influence in 
Ryoko's life she realized that she'd have to be there for her a lot more.  She 
didn't think she'd ever spank her daughter again.  She questioned herself as to 
whether or not she overreacted and the answer was perhaps, but it did seem to 
make some sort of difference.  Over the years Ryoko and Washu would slowly grow 
closer together.  Though Washu could not replace the years lost, she could, and 
did, make the best out of the years ahead.  The universal bond of mother and 
daughter was not to be broken in all that time.

FINIS!

Author's notes:  Ok people, I don't normally do lemons, and when I do, I can't 
do them with senseless sex, and since I'll admit to having a slight fetish of 
this type this was the best way I could figure out to do it.  I figured 
something good had to come out of it otherwise it would just be another lemon 
among the rest.  My main point is this.  Sometimes people screw up, and need 
someone to get them back on track.  Though it didn't have to be as drastic as it 
was in this case it does show that through the love of one individual, and 
through perhaps even a single act, no matter how big or small, can make a 
drastic change.  Sometimes these acts are acts of kindness, but some of the most 
profound changes to my life have been through acts of rebuke, very few of which 
were ever physical.  Though Washu and Ryoko were separated throughout the years, 
the unbreakable bond of mother and daughter was there even though they didn't 
necessarily see it nor did Ryoko want to face it.  I originally started out 
wanting to make this a story that would be for all the sex fiends out there, and 
it was to be primarily sexually oriented, but as I wrote it my thoughts began to 
change and my goal became more noble.  I still wished to accomplish my original 
goal, but it ended up taking a back seat to the overall picture.  I believe I 
have accomplished both goals, and made this story for both hentai and normal 
person alike.  Please send me your comments and criticisms as they are always 
welcome - Dark Raven
Email: darkraven26@hotmail.com

Tenchi Muyo and its characters are creations of AIC/Pioneer LDC.  This work was 
not done for profit of any kind, and has no endorsement nor relation to any of 
the true Tenchi Muyo series.
