 Tenchi Muyo! " Trouble In the Yagami"
Written by Zack
Veggiechan32@aol.com

		Disclaimer: Lets make it short, the characters are not mine in anyway, they do not 
belong to me they are characters or otherwise owned property of Pioneer.Not me.Ok now on with 
the story.
===============================================================
        It was early in the Masai house and Tenchi was asleep. Tenchi woke up to see Ryoko floating 
above him again. " Hi Tenchi...goodmorning..." Ryoko said to Tenchi. " Hey, what are you doing 
up there?" Tenchi asked, not thinking what might happen next. " Well i wanted to see if you 
wanted a wake up call?" Ryoko said sweetly. " Umm.... what kinda wake up call?" tenchi asked 
worried. " How a bout a-- Blowjob?" Ryoko said. Tenchi ran stumbling out of the room into the 
hallway and ran into Kiyone and knocked her down. " OW!" Kiyone yelp as she fell on her rear. " 
Oh! Kiyone! Im sorry, are you alright?" Tenchi asked worried. " Yeah Im alright tenchi...thanks. 
Ill be more careful next time." Kiyone said. Tenchi reached his hand out and Kiyone took it and 
let Tenchi help her up. Kiyone stood up rubbing her rear. Tenchi blushed. " no really, it my-" 
Tenchi was interupted. " tenchi? Where are you?" Ryoko persisted. " AHHHH! Hide me!' Tenchi 
screamed and ran down the steps and jumped the last five. "Hm? Hey, Ryoko stop bugging 
Tenchi! Cant you see your just annoying him?" Kiyone yelled at Ryoko and they heard the front 
door shut and Sasmai came out of the kitchen, looked around and went back in. " I dont care." 
Ryoko said and smiled. "Thats it! You leave tenchi alone!" Kiyone said and pulled out her gun.    
"Hmph, alright alright. Have it your way." Ryoko said and floated past her and grabbed kiyone's 
rear as she past. " Grrrrr...I'll get you Ryoko!" Kiyone screamed and fired her gun making a hole 
in ceiling because she missed Ryoko. " ??!! Ahh!" Ryoko screamed and teleported. "Grrr.... I hope 
tenchi is alright." Kiyone said and ran out the door chasing after tenchi. Sasami came out of the 
kitchen looked around and went back in. "Teeeennnchiiii!!?" Kiyone hollered. " Huh? 
Kiiiyyyoooonnne!?" Tenchi yelled back. They soon found each other. " Tenchi...I need some help 
on the Yagami." Kiyone said to Tenchi and smiled. *Hah, i hope he falls for it.... Just wait you 
wait tenchi, you'll learn more than you ever thought.* Kiyone thought. " Umm wouldnt it be better 
if you just took someone else? Like washu?" Tenchi said. " No. I need strength not brains. And 
your strong enough Tenchi." Kiyone said smiling. "um.. alright. Let me go pack. When do we 
leave?" Tenchi asked. " As soon as possible. Mihoshi is coming too so pack twice as much." 
Kiyone said giggling. "Alright." Tenchi said. * Hmm....i never heard her giggle before.* Tenchi 
thought and headed torward the house. Menawhile Ryoko snuck into Ayeka's room and Ayeka 
was getting dressed and Ryoko snuck up behind her and grabbed her breast. Ayeka gasped and 
sighed and turned around. " What are you doing Ryoko!!???" Ayeka shouted. "Well Isnt it 
appearant? Tenchi isnt the only one i want to seduce." Ryoko said grinning. " w-wh-what!!?" 
Ayeka screeched jumping back 3 feet. " Well Im a lesbian Ayeka." Ryoko said and grasped her 
breast once agian. Ayeak tried to stuggle but Ryoko kissed her deeply and forced her tongue deep 
into her mouth. Ayeka's eyes were wide open and she was trying to scream and stuggle but Ryoko 
toppled over and took Ayeka with her. Ryoko took both of Ayeka's hand and overpowered her 
and tied them together. She then lowered herself to Ayeka's panties and took them off with ease. 
Ayeka struggled some more but Ryoko held her legs down and dove her head into her pussy and 
started massaging her clit with her tongue. Ayeka closed her eyes and lost concentration and 
couldnt struggle anymore because of the sensation happening between her legs. " How 
dare....you...you de...mon!" Ayeka tried to yell. Ryoko didnt even look up at Ayeka. She couldnt 
loose concentration on her work. Ayeka closed her eyes and breathed heavily and panted against 
her will. Ryoko continued to lap up Ayeka's sweet juices. Ayeka came on Ryoko's face after a 
couple seconds. Ryoko looked up and smiled and then crawled up her body and took one of her 
breast in each hand and suckled on one of the nipples. Ayeka screamed lightly and sighed. Ryoko 
sat up and put one of Ayeka's legs on her shoulder and the other one around her hip. Ryoko put 
her legs around Ayeka's waist and rubbed her pussy against Ayeka's. More sweet juices poured out 
of both of the girls pussies. " Ahhh...... Your not bad for a little snob Ayeka." Ryoko said to her. " 
How dare you! Fisrt you rape me then you make insults about me!" Ayeka said and came more. * 
* * On the Yagami* * * "Come on Tenchi. Ill show you your room. Here's there spare room." 
Kiyone said and smiled at Tenchi. " Huh? But what abou-" Tenchi was interupted when she put 
her finger on his mouth. " Dont worry about Mihoshi and me. Ill just sleep in her room or 
something. She has a bunk bed I dont like sleeping in there because she snore's and talks in her 
sleep." Kiyone said and smiled again. " Alrtight Kiyone." Tenchi said and looked down to the 
side. " Im going to the cockpit to get ready for take off tenchi." Kiyone said and put one hand on 
her hip. Tenchi watched her rear as she walked out the door. tenchi slapped himself and started to 
unpack. He looked at the waterbed. "Looks confortable but......Isnt it her bed? Im confused. 
Ryoko would be more help than i am. Or does she just want to spend some time with a 
guy.....Thanks for the hospitalitly.Kiyone." Tenchi said to himself and noticed a PA system on a 
nightsatnd next to the wall. There was one in every room. After a couple minutes Tenchi layed 
down on the bed. It was really comforable but probably because it was a waterbed, or was it in his 
mind because Kiyone slept in it? He lifted the sheets and saw goldfish swimming under the water 
cover. " Haha.....Thats cute." Tenchi said and chuckled. "Hey Tenchi! Im ready to take off now, so 
get up here when your ready, ok?" Kiyone said on the PA system. Tenchi walked over and pressed 
the on button to the PA system. "Alright Kiyone, I'll be up in a minute." Tenchi said an pressed the 
off button and headed up to the cockpit. When he got there Mihoshi was in the seat behind 
Kiyone. Kiyone looked at Tenchi and pointed to the chair next to her. Tenchi sat down. " I figured 
your a new guest so you should see better. Mihoshi always sits there so she can sit in the back. 
Now sit back and buckle up." Kiyone said and looked at Tenchi and he was wearing a puzzled 
look. "um.....how?" Tenchi said confused. Kiyone ran her hand through her hair, tucking it behind 
her ear and reache dforward and presed a button next to Tenchi's thigh. Tenchi blushed. " Sorry 
tenchi forgot you didnt know about this ship. Kiyone reached forward and pressed a couple of 
buttons and the ship suddendly raised slowly off the ground and turned upward. " Tenchi gulped 
and the ship flew up into orbit in awsome speed. " Tenchi could feel his skin almost coming off 
and Mihoshi was screaming like it was a rollercoaster. Kiyone just sat there. Her eyes closed. 
Suddenly the ship stopped and the seatbelt came unbuckled and Tenchi flew out the seat and hit 
the windsheild. Kiyone unbuckled her seatbelt and floated over to a panel and pressed a couple 
buttons. * Beep-Beep-Beep- Artificial Gravity Activated-Beep-Beep-Beep* The machine 
anounced and Tenchi slid off the windsheild and Kiyone lowered to the ground and ran over to 
Tenchi. " Are you alright Tenchi?" Kiyone asked concerned. Tenchi was out cold. " Mihoshi Take 
Tenchi to his room I'll be there in a second. I have to do a couple of things." Kiyone said to 
Mihoshi. Mihoshi grabbed his hand a began to drag him out the door. " Mihoshi!!! Dont drag him! 
Pick him up and carry him!!" Kiyone yelled at him and turned around to push more buttons. 
Mihoshi got to Tenchi room and laid him down. "Hmm? Oh ill just put him under the covers." 
Mihoshi said and lifted the covers and slid tenchi under them and lifted the covers over him and 
left. A couple seconds after Mihoshi left Kiyone came in and sat down in a chair next to Tenchi 
and watched him sleep. Kiyone smiled as she wached him dream. After an hour Kiyone fell asleep 
and Tenchi woke up a little later and saw Kiyone asleep and picked her up and put her in the bed. 
Before he placed her in the bed he looked at her face and she slept on. She looked so innocent and 
kind. Its hard to belive that the person who is always screaming at Mihoshi is the same angel that 
he was holding. He laid her down and covered her up and planted a soft kiss on her closed lips 
and left. "Oh Tenchi! Your up! Feeling better Tenchi?" Mihoshi said to Tenchi in the same kind 
voice she always approached him with. " Yeah Im fine, Kiyone fell asleep so i put her in the bed." 
Tenchi said to Mihoshi. " Hmm? Kiyone fell asleep? Wow....." Mihoshi said in astonishment. 
Tenchi started to laugh. Kiyone came in the room rubbing her eyes and streched her arms and 
yawned. "HHHuuuuuwaahhh..,.. oh hi Tenchi, Mihoshi." Kiyone said still asleep. "Mihoshi. What 
time is it?" Kiyone said fully awake now. " Ummm...about 6:00." Mihoshi said. "Oh wow, its 
almost dinner, good." Kiyone said. "Im going into the room to change. Mihoshi, get ready you 
two. Were going out to eat tonight." Kiyone said walking away. " Oh yayee!!!!" Mihoshi screamed 
and jumped up and down. Tenchi looked at her like she was crazy. Tenchi went to his room to 
change. " Tenchi! Im taking the ship to this the resturant near hear that Mihoshi and I usually eat 
at." Kiyone said over the PA system. Tenchi pressed the button again. " Alright Ill be there in a 
minute." Tenchi said and walked up to the cockpit. " Hey Kiyone are we ready to go?" Tenchi said 
smiling. * I guess I'll be a nice guy and pay for dinner. After all their having trouble with money. 
Good thing i got a couple hundred bucks.* Tenchi thought. "Yeah just sit down and relax. " She 
said and pointed to the seat. Tenchi sat down and Kiyone pushed the button for him. The seatbelt 
automatically buckled for him. The ship took off, alot slower than the last time. 
" What planet are we near?" Tenchi asked. " Umm...I think were close to Saturn." Kiyone said to 
Tenchi looking at him. tenchi looked out the window in front and saw a comet flying past. 
"Wow...." Tenchi said in amazment. " the stars sure are beautiful arent they Tenchi?' Kiyone said 
looking out the window. "Sure are." Tenchi said staring at the stars. They both looked at each 
other and blushed. Tenchi started to lightly laugh and Kiyone began to giggle. "Oh, were here 
Tenchi." Kiyone said. "Ok." tenchi responded. They soon found Mihoshi and left the Yagami and 
went into the resturant. " Yeah, can I take your order? " the person at the counter said. "Ummm... 
I'll take a hamburger and some fries and a large drink and a..." Mihoshi went on, everyone exept 
Mihoshi grew a sweatrop. " Yeah what about you? Say you make a good couple." The man at the 
counter said after Mihoshi was finish. "Oh well, were not really a couple." Kiyone said blushing. 
Tenchi was blushing also. " Ok, im sorry, and your order?" The man said. " Oh, just a cheesburger 
and  and a vanilla shake." Kiyone said. " Ill just have a cheesburger, fries and a small drink." 
Tenchi said and looked at Kiyone who was digging through her purse. tenchi grew a large 
sweatdrop and put his hand on her shoulder. Kiyone looked up at Tenchi. " Kiyone. Let me pay 
for dinner ok?" Tenchi said and smiled. " Really? Oh thank you tenchi, your so sweet." Kiyone 
said and kissed him on the on his lips. Tenchi just stood there looking surprised for a couple 
seconds and shook his head. Kiyone and Mihoshi went over to a table. " How much is it?" Tenchi 
asked still a little surprised. "Not a couple eh? $10.50." The man said chuckling. " Yeah, im just as 
surprised, we really arent a couple she need some help on her ship so I came along, we're just 
friends." tenchi said. "Ok take care kid." the man said. " You too." Tenchi replied. Tenchi looked 
around and saw Kiyone waving a hand in the air. Tenchi walked over and sat down. " Thanks for 
everything Tenchi, you've been a really great help lately." Kiyone said and smiled at him. "Yeah 
no problem Kiyone." Tenchi said and smiled back, still feeling a little weird. Mihoshi found her 
hamburger and ate it in two bites. Tenchi and Kiyone grew sweatdrops and put their hands on their 
heads if synchronized. When everyone was done they all got up and left. " Where to now?" Tenchi 
asked as they  reached the door. "Huh? To the Yagami of course." Kiyone said. " Come on, you 
cant tell me that you dont wanna have some fun can you?" tenchi said. " Well i really dont have 
alot of money Tenchi." Kiyone said. Tenchi began to laugh. " huh? Whats so funny?" kiyone said 
angrily.  " I'll pay for it! Do really think I wouldnt?" Tenchi said. "Really!? You mean it!?" Kiyone 
and Mihoshi said at the same time. "Yeah really. So where t-" Tenchi was interupted. " 
Karaoke!!!!"  They both shouted. "All right. Lets go." Tenchi said as they borded the Yagami. 
* * * Back at the Masaki Residence* * * "Hmmmm.......does anyone know where tenchi is?" 
Sasami asked. "He's later for dinner." Sasami continued. "Hmmm? I think he went somewhere in 
space with Kiyone and Mihoshi." Ayeka said not sure. "Oh, i was just wondering He could have 
atleast told me." Sasami said. * * * Back On Yagami* * * Kiyone got off the Yagami pretty 
excited, a first for her, the only person ever to please her was Tenchi and his kindness. Moshi help 
Tenchi off the windshield and the went inside.  Kiyone was first. "Hey what song do you wanna 
sing?" Tenchi asked. "Ummm that one!" Kiyone said happily. "Hmm? Talent for love? Ok, have 
fun." Tenchi said and smiled." Thanks Tenchi." Kiyone said. Before the songs started she pointed 
at Tenchi. "This songs for you Tenchi." Kiyone said. and closed her eyes Tenchi sat up and 
wondered what she meant....her voice was so beatuful as she sang.

"Life is so full of hurry and hustle,
Sometimes I think its passing us by,
The days are like hours, hours like minutes
Im caught up in it till I look in your eyes
And, to my surprise I find there is a heaven
Timeless and real, making me fell free and alive!"

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
Im on a rocket to some other zone
Baby, you thrill me-whatever you're doing
Don't think of stopping until we are lightyears away
All alone...'cause I want to keep this treasure for my very own,
Your talent for love!"

"Trying to move forward, pushing and shoving
People all get in each others way.
But when two lover find their own magic
Nothing else matters, 'cause they know it will stay.
And I know somehow our spell will never be broken
Timeless and real, making me feel free and alive!"

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
Im on a rocket to some other zone
Baby you thrill me- whatever you're doing
Don't think of stopping until we are lightyears away
All alone... 'cause I want to keep this treasure for my very own,
Your talent for love!"

 (Instrumental Solo)

"You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning,
Im on a rocket to some other zone
Baby you thrill me- whatever you're doing
Dont think of stopping until we are lightyears away
All alone... 'cause i want to keep this treasure for my very own,
Your talent for love...Your talent for love!"

Kiyone opened her eyes to see Tenchi and Mihoshi standing up clapping and smiling. " Wow 
Kiyone that was great." Tenchi said smiling and clapping. Kiyone blushed. "Thank you 
Tenchi.....YOUR TURN!!!!" She shouted at Tenchi and shoved the microphone at him. "Ummm 
uh..." Tenchi studdered. "Yeah!! Go Tenchi!" Mihoshi shouted. "...Alright...whatever. How about 
...... Dimension of love." Tenchi said. "Alright Tenchi go." Kiyone said. Tenchi grabbed the mic 
and music began to play and he began to sing.

"When the cherry blossoms start to bloom
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy
And this time you will stay with me"

"All the misery that we knew before
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at every tender touch
And, oh, I'll want you twice as much."

"*A new dimension of Love
A bold adventure waiting for you
The true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling veiw"

"We're gonna take it all the way
We'll make the dream so totally real
See greater wonders by the day
Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel."

"Soon, with the stars Spring
We'll know are hearts are changing
Leave the hurt behind
I'll be true and kind
Be the best you'll ever find"

"We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I just can't forget you though I've tried"

"This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once agian
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads"

	(Instumental Solo)

"Soon, in the April breeze
We will bring alive the memories
Yes I'm sure we will
Bring back every thrill
Make them all lovelier still"

"When the cherry blossoms start to bloom
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy
And this time you'll stay with me"

"All the misery we knew before
Stays away when your at my door
My heart will sing with every tender touch
And I'll want you twice as much"

"We dont ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I cant forget you though I've tried"

"This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes and kiss me once again
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads."

Tenchi stopped signing and put the microphone down and opened his eyes to see Mihoshi and 
Kiyone clapping. "My turn!!" Mihoshi screamed and grabbed the mic. "Ill sing Dream Away." 
Mihoshi announced and music began to play and Mihoshi sang. Tenchi sat and watched intently 
just as Kiyone and Mihoshi did when he sang. But Kiyone just couldnt focus on watching her. She 
stared at tenchi and felt something warm inside her. She leaned over and put her head on his 
shoulder. Tenchi looked surprised at first but didnt tell her no, he just let her lay there and they 
both watched Mihoshi sing.

'Cause When the moon's in the heavens
And the stars are so bright
I have my memories
That's when I journey
To some other night
Follow my fantasies
And oh how real they seem
I close my eyes....

Everyone boarded the Yagami again and tenchi carried the now asleep Kiyone. "Mihoshi its bath 
time." She said to her partner not having Tenchi around so unknown to her Tenchi didnt know 
about it. "Ok Kiyone." Mihoshi said. Kiyone and Mihoshi walked to the Bathroom were the pool 
was. Kiyone got undressed and sank slowly into the pool. Mihoshi fallowed. Kiyone went deeper 
into the water leaving just her nose and up above the water. "ahhh....This feels really good after a 
long day of fun." Mihoshi said. " Yeah sure does." Kiyone agreed as she raised her mouth to 
speak. "Gee, Tenchi sure was nice today, paying for everything, huh Kiyone?" Mihoshi said." And 
then taking us to Karaoke! That was fun wasnt it!?" Mihoshi continued. " Yeah, he's a nice kid, 
huh Mihoshi?" Kiyone said. "Yeah! And that song you sang was great! But what was that all about 
when you said the song was for tenchi?" Mihoshi asked dumbfounded and clueless as usual. 
Kiyone blushed and lowered her self into the water then came back up. "Mihoshi, if you promise 
not to tell Tenchi I'll tell you." Kiyone said. "Sure Kiyone!" Mihoshi said. "Well Mihoshi I think-" 
Kiyone was interupted when tenchi walked in. It took a couple seconds for them to figured out 
what was happening. Tenchi's gaze stumbles across Mihoshi's breast, then Kiyone's, then they 
figured out what happened. "AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" The two girls screamed.
 " AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" Tenchi yelled and and covered his eyes with one hand and opened 
the door with the other hand and ran out as fast as he could. "Im so sorry!!! I didnt know!" Tenchi 
yelled as he ran down the hall and Kiyone and Mihoshi heard his fading voice. After their done 
bathing they got dressed. Kiyone went to find Tenchi. " Tenchi.... Bath time." Kiyone said. 
"Umm....Alright. I'll come up to the cockpit when I'm done. And...I'm really sorry for-" Tenchi 
was interputed when Kiyone put a finger on his mouth. "Shhh....It's not your fault tenchi I should 
have told you." Kiyone said and left, she shook her hips seductively as she walked. Tenchi stared 
at her rear as she walked away and slapped himself. " Hi Mihoshi." Kiyone said as she got to the 
cockpit. There was no answer. Kiyone walked over and Mihoshi was asleep. "MIHOSHI!!!" 
Kiyone yelled in her ear. Mihoshi woke up startled. " Im sorry I paid the bill!!!" Mihoshi said, 
then looked at Kiyone. "Oh it's just you." Mihoshi said. "Kiyone...I have to ask you something....." 
Mihoshi said softly to Kiyone. "Huh? What is it Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked inquisitivly. "Do... you 
know what a man...feels like?" Mihoshi said blushing and looking away. "....No Mihoshi....Im still 
a virgin...But Tenchi..." Kiyone said not finishing when Tenchi came in rubbing the last of the 
water in out of his ears. He was wearing a pair of silk shorts and a tank top. Kiyone could see a 
little of his chest and blushed. *Wow he's really muscular......His chest is in perfect shape. Tenchi 
noticed what Kiyone was wearing too. She was just wearing a very short pair of shorts that could 
very easily be qualified as panties and a gray sports bra. Tenchi blushed. Tenchi lifted a finger and 
pointed to Kiyone and blushed a little in embarasment. "Mabye you should get something on 
Kiyone...." Tenchi said. " Well Tenchi you dont have to worry about it as long as you dont look at 
my breast again, do you?" Kiyone said sounding somewhat angry. *Whats his problem? Geez its a 
bra, its not like im wearing nothing!* Kiyone thought. *Geez whats her problem? I just suggested 
to wear something different, I dont walk around in my boxers!* tenchi thought. "Uh...sorry" 
Tenchi and Kiyone said to each other at mainly the same time. They both blushed. "But really 
tenchi, if you would stop staring at my breast you wouldnt really notice what Im wearing now 
would you?" Kiyone said and Tenchi blushed really heavy. " Hey I dont....alright Kiyone...." 
Tenchi said sighing and sagging his shoulders. Kiyone giggled. So did Mihoshi. * No Mihoshi, I 
dont know, but Im hoping to find out what tenchi feels like.* Kiyone thought and blushed. "Well 
Im going back to my room and get some sleep and listen to some music ok?" Tenchi said. " Oh 
come on.... Cant you do that after we eat a snack?" Kiyone said and smiled. "I really dont think I 
should take your food, I makes me feel like- " Tenchi was interupted but Kiyone. " Oh stop that 
you deserve it for paying for all that tenchi. We had soooo much fun come on..." Kiyone said to 
Tenchi and smiled. " Alright..... What did you have in mind?" Tenchi said giving in to Kiyone." 
How about some cake?" Kiyone said hopping he would be happy. " Yeah sure!" Tenchi said. 
"Really?" Kiyone said with happiness."Ok then, Mihoshi could you get it out?" Kiyone asked. 
"Sure Kiyone!" Mihoshi said. Tenchi sat down and Kiyone sat next to him. " Hungry Tenchi?" 
Kiyone said and smiled at him. " Yeah." Tenchi said and Mihoshi came in with the cake. "Thank's 
Mihoshi." They both said. Mihoshi sat down and started to dig in fast. Tenchi and Kiyone both 
grew sweatdrops and ate their cakes a little slower than Mihoshi. When they were done they went 
to bed. "Good night tenchi!" Kiyone said as she smiled and waved and went off to bed with 
Mihoshi. "Good night Kiyone, Mihoshi. "Tenchi said and smiled and entered his room. 
"Hmmm....It's been quite a day." Tenchi said and noticed a CD player near bed that he brought. 
Tenchi got in bed and pulled the sheets up to his chest, laying on his back and put his hands 
behind his head. Tenchi reached over and put a CD in. The CD was named Kid Rock. He changed 
the track to the song that helped him to get to sleep. 

"I've been sitting here
Trying to find my self
I get behind myself
I need to rewind myself
Looking for the payback, listen for the playback
They say every man bleeds just like me
I feel like number one yet Im last in line
I watch my youngest son, it helps to pass the time
I take to many pills helps to ease the pain
I made a couple dollar bill still I feel the same
Everybody knows my name, say it way out loud
Alot of folks fucked with me,
Its hard to hang out in the crowd, 
I guess its the price to pay to be some big shot like I am..."

Kiyone walked into the room to see Tenchi asleep and the music playing softly and reached over a 
pressed the stop button and kissed him softly on the lips and pulled the covers over his chest that 
he kicked off in his sleep and left. "Goodnight My Love...." Kiyone said and left. Tenchi woke up 
rubbing his eyes slowly and looked at the clock. 12:34 AM "What!!! I only got about an hour 
sleep!" Tenchi said and walked into the hallway. Mihoshi walked past and saw him awake. " Hi 
Tenchi, your awake at this time?" Mihoshi said and smiled. " Yeah... Huuuuwwwaahhh..... I just 
woke up...." Tenchi said and smiled. " Ok, hey Tenchi dont tell Kiyone I said what Im about to tell 
you ok?" Mihoshi said and looked around. "Umm...Ok...." Tenchi said not sounding to sure. 
"Kiyone was talking about you tonight, alot. She told me she went into your room and watched 
you while you sleeped and when she left she kissed you! She talked about a lot more too, like how 
cute you are and how sweet and helpful you are." Mihoshi said and smiled. "Ummm...ok, thanks 
Mihoshi, I guess. " Tenchi said feeling kinda weird.  *Why did she just tell me that?* Tenchi 
thought. "Bye Tenchi" Mihoshi said and headed torward her room. "So...Kiyone likes me huh? 
Thats weird." Tenchi said and thought some more. " But she isnt she older than me?" Tenchi 
thought and headed to the cockpit. "Hmmm...Everything looks ok......." Kiyone thought and 
looked around. After she saw no one was around, she slowly slid her hand under her pants and 
down lower, until her hand met her clit. Kiyone moaned softly and closed her eyes as she slowly 
slid two of her fingers into her clit. "Ooooooh....Tenchi......oh...dont stop...keep....going.." Kiyone 
softly muttered as she slid her fingers in and out of her clit imagining that the young Tenchi was 
pushing his member into her pussy. Kiyone was having so much fun and loving the thought of 
Tenchi making love to her. Until she came In. Mihoshi. Kiyone heard the door open and pulled 
her hand out of her pants just in time for Mihoshi not to notice. But there was one problem. Her 
pants had a wet spot on them right where her clit would be, and her hand was soaking with her 
own juices. "Hi Kiyone! Hmm? Whats on your hand?" Mihsohi asked worried. "Ummm...what?" 
Kiyone said and wiped her hand of on her shorts. "....Well do you need anything Kiyone?" 
Mihsohi asked happily. *Yeah, I need Tenchi.* Kiyone thought. "No, thanks anyways Mihoshi, 
why not go back to the room and take a nap or something?" Kiyone said. " Ok..." Mihoshi said 
and slumped her shoulders. " Hm? Hey, its just a suggestions, Im sorry Mihoshi I just dont need 
anything right now." Kiyone said kindly. "Ok, but just call on the PA if you need anything 
Kiyone." Mihoshi said and walked to her room. "Hmm....Ok all systems check. I guess Im ok for 
now." Kiyone said and looked at the planet infront of her. *....Wow, Saturn sure is beautiful.....I 
wish Tenchi was here to look at it with me...I really love him dont I...* Kiyone thought and felt 
relaxation and began to think about the fun she, Mihoshi, and Tenchi had in the last few days. And 
started thinking more about the fun, she wanted with Tenchi so badly. *Tenchi....why cant you see 
it? You dont even notice my feelings, i just wish I could have just one kiss with you....* Kiyone 
thought and was going to cry, realizing she may never be able to get tenchi's love though all the 
others girls. Suddenly she felt something grasp her shoulder and pull her up and she felt her lips 
meet Tenchi's as he passionetly kissed her. It took her a second to realized what happened then she 
knew...... Tenchi kissed her. *Oh...Oh my god....is this..really happening? I want Tenchi so bad, is 
he really kissing me, am I dreaming?" Kiyone thought, her mind racing, the only thing she could 
do was slid her tongue into his mouth. Tenchi was at first a little surprised. Tenchi's hands left her 
hips and went to her shoulders and gently slid the blue jean overcoat off her body. Kiyone fully 
cooperated and didnt resist as she allowed Tenchi to remove her clothes.*I cant belive it! He's 
going to....we are going to...have sex! Oh thank you God! Thank you so much! Tenchi..wants me! 
Yes! Thank you....* Kiyone said and she almost cried. He took her white T-shirt off next and 
Kiyone seperated the kiss. " W-whats wrong?" Tenchi said worried that she was going to reject 
him. *I thought Mihoshi said she wanted me?* Tenchi thought quickly. " Dont you think it would 
be better to go somewhere else?" Kiyone said holding his shoulders. " I guess, how bout my 
room?" Tenchi said relieved. "Alright Tenchi, My love. " Kiyone said and felt a cold tingle run 
through her body as she realized. *Im really, going to....arent I? OH TENCHI!! I WANT YOU SO 
BADLY!!!* Kiyone thought in joy as Tenchi scooped her up in his arms and carried her to his 
room, she put her arms around his neck and rested her head on his chest as she felt her dreams 
disipating into reality. As he shut the door he laid her down on the bed and took her last shirt off 
leaving her silk bra underneath. Tenchi had a hard time removing the bra and Kiyone tried not to 
laugh so she wouldnt hurt his feelings. "How...do you get this thing off?" Tenchi asked struggling. 
"Like this." Kiyone said and reached her hands back and put them on top of his, and unlatched her 
bra. The bra fell to the floor and Tenchi got his first look at a womens breast, they were fully 
developed and very beautiful...very beautiful, her nipples were hard and fully extended. "Thats 
it?" Tenchi said playfully. Kiyone grew red and winced with anger. Kiyone clenched her fist and 
Tenchi noticed it too late and Kiyone punched him in the stomach at full force. Tenchi winced 
once and coughed as he held his stomach. "Geez, I was...just...kidd...in.g..." Tenchi managed to 
get out as he tried to gasp in as much air as he could. "Hm? Oh im sorry! Your not hurt are you? 
Im really sorry Tenchi!" Kiyone said apologizing. "Im...fine..." Tenchi said now getting his breath 
back. Kiyone put her hand on his back. "Are you sure? I punched you kinda hard." Kiyone said 
wearing a worried look. "Kiyone Im fine." Tenchi reasured her. Kiyone smiled with relief and 
leaned back on her elbows. Tenchi noticed this and looked at her breast. " Kiyone, their perfect, 
ok?" Tenchi said. Kiyone blushed heavily and looked away. She looked back to see tenchi 
unbottoning her jean-shorts. Tenchi removed them and noticed her perfect legs as he looked up to 
see her beautiful body infront of him. Waiting for him. Wanting him. So badly. She was now 
wearing nothing but panties and Kiyone leaned forward and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. Tenchi 
noticed and blushed as he allowed her to remove his clothes now. Kiyone removed his shirt and 
looked at his chest. "I only got to see part of your chest when you wore that tank top Tenchi." 
Kiyone said and rested her head on his chest. Kiyone noticed a buldge in his pants and sat up, and 
layed him down, straddling him with her legs. " Wow Tenchi is this for me?" Kiyone said smiling 
and resting her hand on the buldge in his pants urging to be released. "Uh Huh......" Tenchi said 
nodding with his eyes closed as Kiyone unzipped his pants slowly and took them off until she 
found his boxers. "Oh wow tenchi, thank you, its the best gift ever." Kiyone teased him and 
smiled as she removed his boxers and wrapped her fingers around his dick.  "Your so big Tenchi!" 
Kiyone said in excitment.  Kiyone was about to place his penis in her mouth when Tenchi held her 
head out of reach. " Wait Kiyone." Tenchi said sounding kind of unsure. "You...dont wanna do 
this...?" Kiyone said feeling she was going to cry. " No, its just...." Tenchi said and nodded to her 
panties. "Oh that? Ok Tenchi...be that way." Kiyone wispered to Tenchi and smiled. Tenchi put 
his hands on her hips and gently pulled her panties down on took them off of her body, revealing 
a teal patch of pubic hair barely covering the top of her beautiful virgin pussy. "Well tenchi...i cant 
belive its really happening.....here we are..both naked, waiting for each other, wanting each other, 
giving our selves to each other, loving each other....I couldnt wait for you anymore Tenchi, I 
needed you to bad...." Kiyone said crawling over to Tenchi. "As do I Kiyone. In fact I have 
something important to ask you Kiyone." Tenchi said and sat up as he looked over at something 
beside his bed. Tenchi reached over in a drawer next to his bed and took something out and 
uncovered his hand and lifted the black lid off of it. "Kiyone Mabiki, will you marry me?" Tenchi 
said in a very serious tone. Kiyone folded her hands and began to cry. "Yes Tenchi I will marry 
you!!!" Kiyone said in complete happiness and jumped forward and hugged tenchi in a tight 
embrace. Tenchi fell back and hugged her tightly in his arms. "Now Tenchi, Make love to me." 
Kiyone pleaded. "Alright my love." Tenchi said and closed his eyes. "I know how to start us off 
Tenchi...how about a blowjob?" Kiyone said and smiled at him. "Sounds good, if you want to, go 
ahead." Tenchi said looking at her, his eyes full of love. "Alright...I promise it will feel really 
good tenchi." Kiyone reasured him. Tenchi smiled and nodded. Kiyone left a trail of kisses down 
his chest and stomach and reached his penis and slowly placed it in her mouth and continued to 
lower it deeper into her mouth and until it reached the entrance of her throat and she began to suck 
on it. Tenchi moaned very loudly and felt the warmth of her mouth wrapitself around his dick. 
Kiyone looked up with a worried look. " Nothings wrong Kiyone, keep going please." Tenchi said 
and closed his eyes and Kiyone closed her eyes and began to suck but stoped. Kiyone started to 
pull out, Tenchi thought she was going to stop but plunged it back into her mouth. Tenchi 
answered with another loud long moan and she began to repeat this many times, giving him the 
best experience he ever felt before. Kiyone was enjoying this also as her natural juices began to 
flow down her thighs. Tenchi glently ran his fingers through her hair and placed his hand on the 
back of her head. Tenchi could see the strands of hair randomly covering spots of his hand. It 
wasnt long before tenchi came in her mouth. Kiyone let the cum build up in her mouth not 
swallowing any of the precious semen as Tenchi continued to deliver more cum into her mouth, 
pulse after pulse. After Tenchi was done Kiyone pulled the dick out her mouth letting a thick 
under-curved bridge hang between her lips and the tip of his prick. Kiyone opened her eyes and 
swallowed the cum and wrapped her fingers around his penis again, his dick only oozing, she 
could feel his cum trickling down her hand." Yummy Tenchi....." Kiyone said as she looked up at 
him. Tenchi exhaled loudly and opened his eyes and looked down at her. "That....was amazing... 
Kiyone...." Tenchi slowly said still recovering for the shock of pleasure that rocked his body. 
"Thank you Tenchi, your cum tastes like sugar Tenchi..... Now its time to clean you up. " Kiyone 
said and Tenchi blushed from her comment. Kiyone lowered her head and began to lick his dick 
off of all the cum that oozed out. She took the head of his dick and put it in her mouth and licked 
the tip. Tenchi groaned with joy as Kiyone sat up and lifted his cock, and pressed the bottom side 
of it into her pussy. They both moaned again. Kiyone slid up and down his dick's side and panted 
with every up and down. Tenchi closed his eyes and relaxed. Tenchi felt his cock getting stiff 
again and Kiyone felt it grow in her hand. * * * Back on Earth * * * "Zzzzzz........Tenchi..." 
Ryoko said asleep. Ayeka snuck into the room and tied Ryoko's arms together behind her back. 
When she was finished she slowly removed her night garments, panties and a bra. When she 
removed them she looked at her Cyan blue patch of pubic hair and slowly removed her own 
clothes. She sat up, Straddling her legs and rubbed her pussy against Ryoko's. She felt her pussy 
lips pressing against Ryoko's, and her pubic hairs brushing against hers. Ayeka's sweet juices 
dribbled down her legs and into Ryoko's pussy, Ayeka began moaning with the feeling of this. 
Ryoko's eyelids slowly opened and she realized Ayeka was ontop of her. " What are you doing!" 
Ryoko said more surprised then angry. "Im....repaying...you.....for what.....you did..." Ayeka said, 
her eyes closed. Ryoko's sweet juices blended with Ayeka's. After a few minutes Ryoko spoke. 
"Oh.....Ayeka.... Do you think...we should stop chasing Tenchi and go for each other?" Ryoko 
slowly said. "Yes....I think we were meant for each other, Ryoko." Ayeka agreed and nodded. 
Ryoko began to assist Ayeka and slid her body, making her pussy lips slid against Ayeka's. "You 
know....your pretty good for a royal bitch..." Ryoko said still panting. "How dare you, you 
ungrateful pirate!" Ayeka said and pressed her pussy down on Ryoko's pussy harder than before. 
Ryoko screamed out in pain and pleasure. "Why dont you realese my restraints and I'll show you 
what Im made of!" Ryoko threatened. "Ok...how about it..." Ayeka said and realesed her 
restraints. Ryoko's hands travel up Ayeka's body, one clenched one of her breast and she leaned 
forward to suckle it and her other hand laid on Ayeka's back and they both began pushing their 
pussies togher and rubbed them together, catching as much cum posssible. Ayeka began to moan 
as Ryoko suckled her breast and their vagina's oozed on each other. Ryoko stopped suckling and 
Ayeka collapsed ontop of Ryoko's body and they both fell asleep after a long kiss. * * * Back On 
Yagami * * * "Oohhhhh......Tenchiiiii.....Oh...." Kiyone said softly as she moaned his name. " K-
Ki-Kiyone......." Tenchi said as he panted. Tenchi was about to cum until Kiyone pushed his dick's 
bottom side out of her pussy. "Huh? Whats wrong?" Tenchi asked worried. Kiyone didnt say 
anything, she just shoved his dicks head into her pussy. They both screamed excitment and 
pleasure. "Ooooooohh.....Tenchi....dont stop.....Keep...going." Kiyone said remembering when she 
said that on the cockpit when she was masturbating. " Oh God.....Kiyone....Im gonna cum..." 
Tenchi warned but she was too absorbed to even notice he talked. "Good.....then do it Tenchi!" 
Kiyone finally sputtered out. Kiyone leaned back and put her hands on Tenchi's legs for support 
and began to slid up and down on Tenchi's dick. Tenchi moaned loudly. "So...do you....like 
that...tenchi...My love?" Kiyone asked teasingly. " Y-y-yeah.." Tenchi said and watch Kiyone's 
pussy swallow his dick with every thrust. Tenchi realized he couldnt take much more of it before 
he came. One of tenchi's hands grasped her breast and played with her nipple and the other one 
held her hip, assisting her in the process. "Oh tenchi.....you dont know...how long Ive been... 
waiting for this...." Kiyone managed to say with her eyes closed and her moaning in rythm with 
her sliding on his dick. "Oh.....tenchi...your sooo big...Im gonna cum pretty soon. I love this 
feeling....I never want it to stop." Kiyone said sliding faster and harder, sending tenchi dick deeper 
into her pussy. Tenchi exhaled loudly and Kiyone began to pant. "...I love this too Kiyone. And...I 
never...want it to....stop.." Tenchi said struggling. "OH GOD!!!!!!" Kiyone said and they both 
came and orgamsed together, tenchi's warm sticky cum fill her body and leak out her pussy and 
blended with her cum as it ran down his dick. "Oh god! Kiyone!" Tenchi said as he let out his last 
pulse of cum. Kiyone fell ontop of his body, resting her head on his chest. "Oh god....tenchi....that 
was great. Thank you so much..... I finnaly lost my virginity with.....you....my love." Kiyone 
panted. "I love you Kiyone...." Tenchi said and they both wrapped their arms around each other. 
Tenchi kissed her on the top of the head and they both fell asleep in each others arms.
Mihsohi went down the hall and peaked in Tenchi's room and saw them both together and realized 
what happened. " Good job Kiyone.....you finnaly got him." Mihoshi said pulled the sheets over 
both of them. "Good night." Mihsohi said and left. The next morning they woke up in each others 
arms. "Good morning Kiyone." tenchi said softly. " Next to you how couldnt it be." Kiyone said. 
"Haha.....Thats so cute." Tenchi said and kissed her softly. " Mmmm... Tenchi....I love you.." 
Kiyone purred. "I love you too." Tenchi said and smiled at her. "Well, shall we tell Mihoshi the 
good news and get some breakfast?" Kiyone asked smiling at tenchi. " Sure....lets go." Tenchi said 
and they got dressed. They walked out to the cockpit and met Mihoshi their. "Hey, so you two 
finnaly got up! Oh Kiyone, Congratulations! You finnaly got him!" Mihoshi said sounding like 
her usual chipper self. "Huh? How'd you...know?" Kiyone asked amazed. "Oh that? I went into 
tenchi's room and saw you two their and pulled the sheets over you two so you didnt wake up 
from being cold!" Mihoshi said. " Oh...thank you Mihoshi." Tenchi spoke out and smiled. "No 
problem! Im very happy for the both of you!" Mihoshi said. "Thank you Mihoshi. Well....umm 
how do you think the others are gonna take it?" Kiyone said as she sat down next to Mihoshi. " 
Ummm..Do you think we could deny it until we found a good explenation?" Tenchi asked. They 
both looked at him with angry looks. " Are you crazy!! You cant deny love!!!" They both 
screamed at him and Tenchi grew a sweatdrop. * * * Back on Earth * * * The Yagami lands next 
to the lake and Mihoshi, Kiyone and Tenchi enter the house. "DDDDAAAAADDD!!!!! 
EVERYONE! IM HOME!" Tenchi yelled as he entered the door. Nobiyuki and everyone else 
enters the the hallway to meet Tenchi. Sasami ran up to hug Tenchi. "Hi Tenchi!! I missed you so 
much! I have a special dinner waiting! Mihoshi, Kiyone, why not join us?" Sasami said cheerfully. 
"Umm.....alright...." Kiyone said. "SURE!!" Mihoshi screamed. They all sat down and Sasami 
passed out each of thier dinners. "Thanks Sasami...It looks great...like always.." Tenchi said 
kindly. " Oh thank you Tenchi....." Sasami said blushing slightly. "Has everyone heard the news? 
Boy your gonna be mad when you hear this!!! Kiyone and-" Mihoshi was interupted by Tenchi 
and Kiyone cupping Mihoshi's mouth with one hand and strangling her with the other. " 
Mihoshi!!! I Thought I told you not to say anything!!!!" They both screamed at her. "...Mhhff nff 
mh uhmm!" Mihoshi mumbled. "HM? What news?" Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami and Washu all asked 
Mihoshi. " .....Um!! I guess its time to tell them Kiyone...." Tenchi says blushing, looking to his 
love, Kiyone. "....Um yeah I guess so....Now Mihoshi...you keep your big mouth shut!!" Kiyone 
screams as she sits back down by Tenchi. " Well...Um everyone...I dont know how to break this to 
you all but....Um..." Tenchi studders knowing he is about to break all four of the girls hearts, 
unaware of what Tenchi will say. "Kiyone and I....were...getting married." Tenchi sighs. " W-WH-
WHA-WHAT!!!!!!!!???" Washu, sasami, ryoko and Ayeka scream. Washu puts her face in her 
hands and cries, Sasami jumps up on the table and congratulates them both. " Umm tenchi....." 
Ryoko says holding Ayeka's hand. "Im sorry Ryoko....i just...." Tenchi said. "No its not that 
tenchi....Ayeka and I are also in love." Ryoko said, them both blushing. "WHAT!!!???? YOU 
TWO ARE--- Lesbians!!???AHHHHH!!!!" Tenchi screamed so surpried he faints and falls off his 
chair. Washu stops crying, looks at Tenchi and starts to sob a little. "well....i guess...someone had 
to...get him....BUT WHY COULDNT IT BE ME TENCHI!!!!!! WHY!!!" Washu says more angry 
than sad now and grabs his shirt and starts to shake him violently back and forth, making his head 
shake rapidly. "AHH!! Washu!" Kiyone yells. "Oh Im sorry....Well...i hope you can make him 
happier than I could have....If ya know what I mean, hehehe..." Washu chuckles wiping her tears 
away. "I get It Washu. You a very naughty little girl arent you...." Kiyone laughs. "Thats right." 
Washu laughs back. *10 Days Later-Tenchi's Bachelor Party......(Uh Oh)...* "Hey Get some more 
of that Sokki!!!" Tenchi said giggling, drunk. "Alright Tenchi!! Hey which do you want now? 
Sokki? Or Tranquila?" One of his friends asked, also drunk. "Hahah! Aint that the stupidistss 
questen? What do you thiink?.....Im...sick of Shoooookkie...haha...." Tenchi mummble, his 
speeched effected by his drunkness. Suddenly, Kiyone busted in the room in a angry look. 
"Hey.....Tenchio..aint..aint that you..bride to bee?" His friend asked. "Huh???Whe-ere?" Tenchi 
asked. "TENCHI!!! What are you doing!!? GRR!! They told me they would do this!!! I cant 
believe you! Get your friends outta here and clean this room up now!!" Kiyone screamed at him, 
very pissed. "ahh-ah-alight K-Kiyooneee-" Tenchi said as he collapsed to the floor. ".....I cant 
belive this. Alright all of you get out of here now! Tenchi needs his rest!" Kiyone screamed, then 
she noticed Washu after eveyone left. "W-Washu! What are you doing here!? Oh! I get it, your 
jealous, and you were gonna wait till Tenchi was vulnerable and then steal him!" Kiyone jumped 
to conclusions. "Well...basically Yes." Washu confessed. "W-WHAT!?" Kiyone asked surprised. 
"Yeah! That...right.." Tenchi said lifting his head then falling again. "What did you do to my 
tenchi!" Kiyone said angry. "..I screwed him." Washu said. "YOU WHAT!!!??" Kiyone said now 
very pissed. "...Yeah....you were great Washu...haha.....hauuuh .......Dont...feel so good......." 
Tenchi blabbered on, having no idea what he was saying. "T-tenchi? Your kidding right?" Kiyone 
asked. "Of Course! Tenchi is to drunk to even stay awake. It would have been an impossible task 
to screw tenchi when he is this drunk." Washu said, laughing."Oh.....Ok...well Washu...could you 
please leave for now? tenchi needs his sleep." Kiyone asked. "Sure.." Washu said and secretivly 
picked her bra up and put it under her shirt and walked out. "Bye Washu." kiyone said nicely as 
Washu walked out. "Bye. Bye Tenchi...good night. You'll need it." Washu said walking out. 
Kiyone put tenchi in is bed and layed down on top of him, putting her head on his chest, and 
pulled the covers up as she fell asleep.-=* 3 Day's Later-Tenchi's Wedding Night*=- "Well.....this 
is it son....are you sure you didnt do anyhting you'll regret?" Tenchi's father asked, he was Tenchi's 
best man. "Im sure Dad....Kiyone's the one for me." Tenchi said and smiled, then the organ began 
playing a a flower girl came out and soon after, Kiyone slowly came out in a beautiful dress. All 
tenchi could do was stare at the beautiful woman that stole his heart that was soon to be his bride. 
"wow......She sure is beautiful....." tenchi said. "She sure is son.... You've made a good 
decision...." Nobiyuki said to his son. Kiyone stepped up a few feet away from tenchi. "Hi tenchi." 
Kiyone wispered and winked at him, tenchi smiled warmly back. "Dearly beloved, we are 
gathered her today......" The preacher continued on, but Tenchi only looked at Kiyone. "Tenchi 
Masaki? Do you take Kiyone Makibi to be your lawfully wedded wife? To love and to hold until 
death do you part?" The preacher asked Tenchi. "I do." Tenchi replied. "And Kiyone Makibi, do 
you take Tenchi Masaki to be your lawfully wedded husband? To love for all time, until death do 
you part?" The preached asked Kiyone this time. "...I..do...." Kiyone said. Tenchi heard his dad 
crying behind him, and nudged him with his elbow. "Do you have the ring?" The preached asked. 
"Yes." Tenchi's father spoke up and brought out the black box and handed it to tenchi."Now, 
Kiyone, repeat after me." The preached commanded. "With this ring I be wed." the preacher said. 
"with this ring..I be wed." Kiyone said and put one of the rings on tenchi. "Now, tenchi, repeat 
after me." The preached commanded. "After me." Tenchi joked and Kiyone elbowed him in the 
side. "Ha!" The preached laughed. "With this ring I be wed." The preacher said after he laughed. 
"With this ring, I be....wed." Tenchi finnaly got out and gently slid the ring on Kiyone's finger. 
"Contratulations....I now prenounce you husband and wife. You may now, kiss the bride." The 
preacher congratulated them. Tenchi stepped closer to Kiyone and lifted her vail. They slowly 
pulled together and gently kissed. " Tenchi! This is a wedding! Close your mouth!" Nobiyuki 
joked, making Kiyone laugh, seperating the kiss. "Dad!" Tenchi yelled. "Come on tenchi." Kiyone 
said to him and Tenchi looked at her and smiled. Nobiyuki luahged in the backround and Tenchi's 
grandfather slapped him. Tenchi picked Kiyone up in his arms and smiled. They walked down the 
isle and when they got to the end, Kiyone threw the boquet of flowers. All the other five girls 
fumbled for it.

	_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_---=*Prolouge*=---_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_

=====================================================================

	Well!? Whad'ya think? It was my first ever Fanfic!? Like?
Questions?
Comments?
Drop me a line at Veggiechan@aol.com!!!
Get It? Got It? Good. Peace out!!!!!!!!!!!!!




	
