I do not own any of these characters, they are all property of Pioneer LDC
and AIC. I will not make any money by this, and no one else will either.

-------

(authors note: This is really lemon-packed. Get ready for a nasty one guys!)

Tenchi: I'll be right back Dad. Sasami wanted me to pick up some food for
her in town. I shouldn't be to long.

Tenchi leaves the house and is off to town. When he arrives, he enters the
grocery store.

Tenchi: Let's see here, Sasami needed cucumbers, lettuce, and some tomatoes.

When he is walking down the aisle he accidently bumps into a young later
that is about his age.

Tenchi: Oh I'm so sorry, let me help you up.

Tenchi helps her up.

Girl: Oh thanks. My name is Kelly.

Tenchi: And mine name is Tenchi.

Tenchi ends up talking to Kelly for along time. They are still talking when
the store owner comes up.

Owner: It's getting late, i need to close my store now. You can come back
tomorrow.

Tenchi: Oh no! I've must have been talking to you for at least an hour. I
better get home!

Kelly: Tenchi, your a really nice guy. I know it sounds strange and
everthing, but i think i really like you. I know, we only known each other
for a hour or so. But could you please bring me back to your place?

Tenchi: What? What do you mean?

Kelly: Well, i kind of dont have a home... And i just wanted to know if i
could stay with you for a couple of days. I know this is happening all real
quick. But i really am desperate.

Tenchi: Well, sure. I don't see why not. My father and everyone else would
enjoy that extra company.

Kelly: Great! Thanks so much!

Tenchi: We better get back. Everybody must be worried.

Tenchi and Kelly go back to Tenchi's home together.

Tenchi: I'm home!

Ryoko: Where have you been? I've been waiting for you-- What? Who's that
Tenchi!?

Tenchi: She just needs to stay for a night or two. Don't worry.

Ryoko: Okay, in that case.

Tenchi: Kelly, let me show you the guest bedroom.

Tenchi and Kelly walk up the stairs and into the guest bedroom right across
the hallway from Tenchi's.

Tenchi: Here you go. Make yourself at home.

Kelly: Thank you so much! You are so kind!

Tenchi: It is getting kind of late, so i guess i better get to bed now.

Kelly: I better too.

Tenchi walks across the hall and switches out of his clothes and into his
sleeping stuff. He quickly falls asleep. While he is sleeping, Kelly is in
the guest bedroom thinking how nice Tenchi is. And how much she would like
to screw Tenchi! While she is thinking these thoughts, everybody else in the
Masaki household all go to bed too.

-Midnight-

Kelly is still up in her bedroom, thinking about Tenchi like crazy. Finally,
she knows what she has to do before she goes crazy. She silently creeps
across the hallway and into Tenchi's bedroom.

Kelly: Oh Tenchi, are you awake?

But Tenchi is sound asleep.

Kelly: Damnit, i guess i will just have to wake him up them!

Kelly is walking over towards Tenchi when she stubs her toe on one of
Tenchi's schoolbooks laying on the floor.

Kelly: Ouch!!

She screamed quitely enough not to wake anybody else up, but loud enough to
wake up Tenchi. Tenchi opens his eyes and sees Kelly in her bra and panties.

Kelly: Oh Tenchi, did i wake you up?

Before she waited for a response, Kelly jumped onto Tenchi and started to
undo her bra.

Kelly: Are you ready to have some fun, my Tenchi dear?!

Kelly dropped her bra on the bedroom floor. Suddenly, Tenchi popped an
erction that almost put a whole throw the blanket.

Kelly: Come on, Tenchi, let me put it in my mouth. Animals shouldn't be
cooped up like that.

Kelly ripped off the blanket and Tenchi's penis jumped out of his boxers.

Kelly: Come one Tenchi, don't be shy. This whole time you've just been
sitting there.

Those words seemed to get to Tenchi. He sat up and started to grab Kelly's
breast.

Kelly: Finally, Tenchi. Why have sex if you can't enjoy it?

Tenchi: I think i'm going to start to-

But before he could finish, he started to shoot out fluids all over.

Kelly: Whoa, it looks like it was full. When was the last time you
masturbated?

Tenchi blushes.

Tenchi: Umm..

Kelly: Your teeling me you don't even know how to whack off? Well forget
that, let me suck it!

Kelly grabbed Tenchi's penis and started to suck on it. Tenchi once again
started to let out all of his fluids. Kelly grabbed Tenchi and pulled him
off the bed. She picked up his hard cock and started to lick his balls.

Tenchi: Ahh.. That feels so good.

Kelly: Come on Tenchi, it's your turn. Clean me up!

She ripped off her panties and shooved Tenchi's face into it.

Tenchi: Kelly, please lick my balls one more time!

Tenchi had never had anything that felt so good before.

Kelly: Okay! Come on, Tenchi!

She grabbed his penis and started to rub it and suck on it. She moved
farther down, and started to lick his balls once again. She grabbed them and
started to hold them. Tenchi's semen was coming out like crazy. It dribbled
down on his testicles, and Kelly just licked it all up. In the hallway,
Ryoko was going downstairs when she heard Kelly. She went into Tenchi's
bedroom and saw Kelly sucking Tenchi's cock. Ryoko, who asn't seen ran off
crying.

Tenchi: Oh Kelly, i've never felt anything like this before. It's wonderful!

Kelly: If you come with me, we can do it everday!

Meanwhile, Ryoko was off in the middle of the woods crying from what she say
Tenchi doing with this lady he barely even knew. She cried till the sunrose.
----------------------------------

That's all for now. PLEASE send me your comments and thoughts after you read
this at Kecleon28@yahoo.com. I would LOVE to hear from you. Tell me about
all your thoughts! Also, tell me if you think i should make sequel or
something.
