Tsunami Takes Over: A Hentai Fanfic by "Friend of Key"

It was all Mihoshi's fault.  When the plumbing in the bathhouse for the males of 
the Masaki household started acting up, a few basic questions were asked.  When it came 
time for Kiyone to tell what she knew, she simply rolled her eyes and said, "You don't 
want to know."

Mihoshi was worried.  It was almost time for her bi-annual performance review 
by the Galaxy Police.  As it came closer, her anxiety turned into a mild paranoia.  She 
was relaxing on the grass outside the bathhouse annex when she thought she heard 
voices.  Convinced that she'd heard the Galaxy Police through a hidden radio transmitter 
installed to keep tabs on her and Kiyone, she started poking around under the house's 
foundation.  Several plumbing mishaps later, she realized that what she probably heard 
was Yosho and Nobuyuki taking a bath.  She went on about her business, leaving the 
destroyed plumbing to be found the next day.

The immediate problem was: what do the men use for a bathhouse?  Washu had 
built a special luxury onsen for the females only, a lush area with tropical ferns and 
warm-running waterfalls.  They'd had it all to themselves-until now.

In the end, they decided on a low-tech expedient: a wooden sign hanging on the 
front door of the onsen, with otoko painted on one side and onna on the other.  On this 
day, the sign read "otoko" as Tenchi sat in the warm waters, his only covering a small 
hand-towel over his eyes.

He heard the sliding door that led into the onsen.  It had to be either his father or 
his grandfather.  There were no other males on the place, and he couldn't imagine anyone 
deliberately ignoring the system they'd just started.

"Big brother Tenchi."

Tenchi quickly grabbed the towel from over his eyes and jammed it into his 
crotch.  He turned and saw Sasami, the young Juraian princess, wearing a bath-towel that 
was practically a sarong, covering her from armpits to toes.  She circled the pond, then 
got in just opposite Tenchi.

"Sasami, isn't the sign out there?"

"Yes, Tenchi, but there's something I really need to ask you."

"Is something wrong?"

"Well, it's Ryoko and Aeka.  They're fighting again."

"That's no surprise."

"But they're always fighting, and most of the time it's about you.  Tenchi, why 
don't you just pick one of them as your girlfriend and get it over with?"

"Think about it, Sasami.  If I said Ryoko was my girlfriend, would that stop 
Aeka?  Or the other way around; do you think Ryoko would leave Aeka and me in 
peace?"

"If you put it that way, I guess not.  Is that all; is that the only reason you haven't 
chosen?"

Sasami looked very earnest as she asked this; almost upset.  He took a quick look 
around to be sure that nobody else was listening.  "I'll tell you a secret, Sasami; I made 
up my mind a long time ago.  And what I decided is, I don't want either one to be my 
girlfriend."

Sasami's wide, pink eyes did the impossible and opened even wider when he said 
that.  "But why?  I mean, I can understand you don't like Ryoko; she's a loudmouthed 
destructive space pirate.  But what's wrong with Aeka?"

"First you've got to promise me that what I'm saying never gets said to anyone 
else.  Agreed?"  Sasami nodded.  "I know Aeka's your sister and everything, and she can 
be polite and helpful around the house, and I guess she is pretty.  But sometimes, the way 
she acts, she still wants everyone to know she's a princess.  Maybe I'm just not used to 
her; I'm sure you are."

Sasami stood up and crossed over until she sat down next to Tenchi.  "Then what 
do you want?"

Tenchi leaned back against the edge of the pool.  "You know my mom died when 
I was very young.  For a long time after that, I kept asking my father or grandpa if I could 
have a little brother or sister.  I was too young to know any better, and my dad didn't 
want to explain about babies and sex and stuff until I was older.  Of course, when I got 
older, he'd forgotten.  I had to pretty much figure it out on my own.

"I never thought about a girlfriend before you all arrived.  I was too busy with 
schoolwork, or at the shrine, or with grandpa's lessons-which I see now were his 
training me for the House of Jurai.  But when you all came here, I decided I'd rather be 
with you than any of the others."

"With ME?"  Again, Sammy's eyes grew wider than usual.

Tenchi nodded.  "You were like the little sister I never had and always wanted.  
The others kept telling me to make a choice.  You just wanted to be my friend.  And I 
think that's why I like you best of all."

Sasami's smiling face was as bright as a freckled sunrise.  Tenchi had barely 
finished the sentence when Sasami jumped up, hugging her body tightly to his. "I'm so 
happy!" she said.

Her knees landed in Tenchi's lap.  They were a little too close to his cock for 
comfort, so he gingerly took hold of Sasami's hips, trying to move her away.  At least, 
that was the original idea.  He hadn't ever touched any girl this intimately in his life, and 
it started his cock stirring itself under the small towel in his lap.  He definitely didn't 
want Sasami to see it, but he didn't want to push her away, either.  He slid his hands 
slowly over her towel-covered hips, his fingers inching toward Sasami's ass-cheeks.

This was when reality started getting strange for Tenchi.  It was as if the onsen 
was dissolving into the air around it, becoming indistinct and unreal.  Sasami seemed to 
change as well; he found he wasn't holding a little girl anymore.  The woman in his arms 
pulled back, so that he could see her.

"Mother?"

It was not Sasami wearing the towel now; it was Achika, his mother, dead for a 
decade but somehow alive before him.  This wasn't the schoolgirl Achika frozen in time 
in Nobuyuki's home movies, either.  This was Achika as Tenchi vaguely remembered 
her: older, mature, but still heartbreakingly beautiful.

She looked lovingly at her son for a few seconds, then loosened the towel, so that 
it fell away, revealing her body.  Tenchi's attention was immediately drawn to her 
breasts; they were swollen to a larger than usual size.  A glaze of milk shone on the 
nipples, already erect and rubbery.  Without taking her eyes off of her son, Achika 
brought one hand up under a breast, lifting it, presenting it to Tenchi.

"Drink, Tenchi," she said softly; "suck, my darling boy."

Tenchi couldn't have questioned the reality of the situation even if he wanted to.  
He leaned forward, taking the thumb-sized nipple into his mouth, and happily began 
drinking from it.  The sweet warm milk flowed over his tongue and down his throat.  But 
the more he drank, the fuzzier his memories became.  Any concept of who he was, where 
he was, slowly faded away.

The woman who held him in her arms seemed to sense when Tenchi's conscious 
mind faded away altogether.  As he mechanically kept sucking, she placed one of his 
hands on the other breast.  He immediately began to massage the breast and manipulate 
the nipple.  

She was also busy.  Taking his uncircumcised cock, she slowly, gently began 
working the foreskin over the sensitive head, exposing it, then pulling back.  This soon 
brought Tenchi to full erection.  He opened his eyes again.

His mother had disappeared.  There was something vaguely familiar about the 
naked woman who now knelt before him.  Before he could think, she stepped out of the 
pool.  "It is time," she said, laying down on the floor and spreading her legs.  "Mount me; 
enter me now."

He was no longer Tenchi Masaki.  All ego, all consciousness of his life had 
somehow drained away.  What remained was the male urge itself, and the drive to join 
with the female.  Foreplay wasn't even a factor, since he wasn't trying to seduce or 
pleasure his partner.  His only purpose was to blast his seed into her vital womb.

He knelt between her spread legs, guiding his cockhead straight toward the 
inviting gash between the woman's thighs, already dewy with anticipation.  As he drove 
in with one thrust, she breathed in with a hissing sound.  He pumped, in and out, again 
and again, while the mysterious woman rested her hands on his ass, not even making an 
attempt to guide him.

He drove himself in and out of her until he shot his first load into her.  That didn't 
end things, though; his youth and virility kept him hard, and he resumed his pumping, 
mindless as an animal in rut.  The woman, however, was very conscious, shifting her 
pelvis from side to side as Tenchi continued his thrusts, bringing herself to orgasm just 
before Tenchi shot his second load.

She must have known it was coming, for she massaged Tenchi's ass-cheeks, 
reaching down to gather their mingled juices and spread them in Tenchi's crack.  Just as 
soon as she felt Tenchi begin to spurt again within her, she jammed two fingers up 
Tenchi's ass.

This had the effect of intensifying his orgasm, and of keeping him hard 
afterwards.  Tenchi redoubled his humping, helped along this time by the woman.  She 
was as hungry for release as he was, her eyes rolled back in her head as she bounced her 
hips up off of the floor to meet his hammering downstrokes.  She grabbed Tenchi's ass 
with one hand, and pulled at her nipple with the other, and bit her tongue to keep from 
screaming as they both flew over the edge of a shattering orgasm, one that left them to 
weak to do anything but lie in each other's arms.

Time passed, but neither could tell how much.  Although the fog in Tenchi's head 
slowly started to lift after his third orgasm, things still felt very weird.  For one thing, he 
now realized, he was lying on top of a naked woman.  Her legs were wrapped around 
him, gripping his buttocks and holding him immovable inside her.  Inside?  Yes; his shaft 
was no longer at maximum hardness, but it was not yet soft either.  It was being gently 
massaged, kept inflated by the rippling muscles of her inner walls.

Her?  Who is this woman he apparently just had sex with...and if he just had sex 
with her, why didn't he remember any of it?  You'd think that one's first time would be 
memorable...

There was something familiar about her face, whoever she was.  It took him a 
while to place it, but--she looked like Sasami.  No, she didn't; there were no freckles on 
this face, which was fuller, more mature.  He felt the rising and falling of her breasts 
against his chest; definitely more mature.  She wore her hair completely down and parted 
down the middle; Sasami kept her ponytails no matter what.  And, instead of that 
triangular marking on Sasami's forehead, this woman had two dots...

"Thank you, Lord Tenchi."

It wasn't Sasami's voice; it too was mature, and melodious.  She seemed to sing to 
him even when she was only speaking.  Although his mind was racing with questions, it 
was all he could do to speak a single coherent sentence: "How do you know me?"

"I am Tsunami, of the House of Jurai.  I usually don't do this sort of thing, but 
circumstances required it."

"What circumstances?"

"The House of Jurai will be in need of a great defender in the future, many of 
your years from now.  In order for that defender to be born, I had to borrow you and 
Sasami's body."

"Borrow Sasami?  Where is she?"

"Asleep inside me, just as I sleep inside her.  She remains a virgin, and will 
remember nothing of what just happened, because it did not happen to her--in a manner 
of speaking."

"I don't understand."

"Think about it, Lord Tenchi.  My level of the power of Jurai is such that I can 
live in several places at one time: within Sasami, within the Tree of Light, and within the 
flagship of our defense fleet.  In the same way, I can live in several times at once, 
including that which you call the future."

That made sense, in an illogical sort of logic.  Before he could ask anything else, 
though, Tsunami closed her eyes and sighed happily.  "It's begun."  She loosened the grip 
of her legs and nudged Tenchi; he rolled off, his still-half-hard cock sliding wetly out of 
her.  "The future hero of the House of Jurai is taking shape within me."

"You mean...you mean you're gonna have my son?!"

Tsunami smiled with just a touch of playfulness.  "Did I say that the hero of Jurai 
would be a male, Lord Tenchi?  Don't jump to conclusions.  Besides, that battle remains 
to be fought, in a faraway time and place, one which you will probably never see.  You 
probably will never meet the child I bear."

"But it's gonna feel really strange, knowing that I have a kid growing up 
somewhere in the universe."

"But you won't know it.  I must erase your memory of this encounter.  Otherwise, 
it will affect so many of your choices from now on."

"Then why did you do this to me?"

"You must understand, Lord Tenchi.  In your world, sex between family members 
is regarded as a sin and denounced under the name of incest.  But in the House of Jurai, 
such liaisons are many and honorable, and are done to preserve and amplify Jurai power.  
You were given a great amount of that power through your mother, Lady Achika.  And 
your grandfather Lord Yosho has trained you well, so that your power is at its highest 
potential.  The other Lords of Jurai who could have sired this hero are either unavailable 
or unsuitable."

At the mention of his mother, Tenchi's gaze drifted down toward Tsunami's 
breasts.  He could tell that she had nursed at least one child, and a mental image of a 
nine-year-old Sasami sucking on those nipples leapt into his mind.  He quickly tried to 
shake it loose, and looked back at Tsunami's face.  "Is that why we did this?  My Jurai 
power?"

Tsunami blushed slightly, which made her look even more like Sasami.  "There 
were other reasons as well.  Sex for me, as a Juraian, is practical; the transmission and 
growth of Jurai power should be my only concern.  But I can't change the fact that I am 
also a woman and Princess Sasami's guardian.  Because I live in the future as well as the 
present, I know that you will have sex with Sasami one day."  Tenchi gave a violent start; 
if Tsunami noticed (and it would have been hard to miss) she gave no sign.  "You can 
understand my concern as her guardian, can't you?  I wanted to make sure that her future 
partner would be both considerate and fulfilling.  So our sex was partly to create the 
future hero of Jurai, and partly to be sure that Sasami would be making the right choice."  
The blush deepened.  "And partly because you turned out to be good; very, very good.  
So I was a little selfish, and stayed with you a little longer than I should have, just for my 
own pleasure.  No harm done, though."

Tenchi looked down again at Tsunami's breasts, not bashfully now but openly.  
Under the circumstances, bashfulness seemed rather silly.  He stroked one nipple--not 
sensuously, but just curious as to the feel.  "Tsunami, I can't seem to remember what 
happened, but I saw my mother--"

"That was me, I'm afraid.  I didn't want to just appear to you in my own skin, and 
to ask you for sex as Sasami would probably have scared you right out of the room.  By 
appearing as Lady Achika, I didn't want to deceive you, but only put you at ease with the 
situation."

She laid a hand lightly on Tenchi's forehead.  Things started to swim again, and 
Tsunami started to fade.

"Neither you nor Sasami will remember this, but there will be just a faint 
suggestion at the back of your minds.  Where that suggestion leads you will be your 
concern.  But now I can let you get on with your lives, without worrying about Sasami..."  
At this, she leaned down and took Tenchi's dick in her mouth, licking up their combined 
juices, sucking it to half-hardness.  "Because you turned out to be a truly superior 
cocksman."  The last thing Tenchi remembered was Tsunami winking at him...

***

Tenchi's head snapped forward, the towel on his forehead falling into the pond.  
Had he just dozed off while he was talking to Sasami?  Had he been dreaming?  He 
vaguely remembered...something...nothing.  He'd lost whatever it was.  He looked at 
Sasami, sitting next to him.  She just looked happily up at him, as if nothing was amiss.

There was a crash from the changing room.

"I can't believe you're just barging in like that, Ryoko!"

"Look, Princess, Yosho's at the temple and Nobuyuki's gone to the office.  So, by 
process of elimination..."

"How can you be such a brazen slut?!"

"How can YOU be such an uptight little priss?!"

Tenchi panicked.  They were going to bring their battle into the onsen any second 
now.  Why did they have to be in the changing room, where his clothes were?  All he had 
to cover himself with were two small towels...and he just realized that the one in his lap 
was covering an erection!  Where had that come from?  And how was he going to get out 
of this?

"Big brother Tenchi," Sasami said in a soft voice.

He turned to her.  She had stood up in the pool, and taken off the large towel she 
was wrapped in.  She held it out with one outstretched arm, her naked child's body in 
profile and her head turned away.  "We'd better trade towels.  The little ones are fine for 
me."

Tenchi turned his own back on Sasami, then handed her the two small towels 
while taking the large one.  On an impulse, they both turned their heads toward each 
other.  Their eyes locked for a few seconds; then, at the same moment, they let their eyes 
drift down to look at the other's body.  They both quickly looked away, again at the same 
moment, blushing violently.  Tenchi wrapped the large towel around his waist while 
Sasami used the smaller towels to cover her hips and her nipples.  As she did so, one 
corner of her mouth went up in a small smile.

Ryoko and Aeka were still arguing in the changing room when the door to the 
onsen burst open.  Tenchi ran in, grabbed his clothes, said "Sorry girls can't talk now!" 
and ran out, all without breaking stride.

They turned back to the onsen.  Sasami was standing there, a wide smile on her 
face.  The older girls' eyes narrowed.  They looked at Sasami, then at each other, then 
back at Sasami again.  Her smile had grown a little wider.
