Disclaimer:Tenchi Muyo is not mine, it's owned by Pioneer and AIC, I'm
just writing about them.  So don't sue me.  Also, this is NOT a Sasami
lemon.  I've said it before, I'll say it again.  I don't write Sasami
lemons.  They're nasty.  Now, if you ever see me use Sasami in a 
lemon scene, it is DEFINITELY,WITHOUT A DOUBT, Sasami's adult form.
Just so you know.


		Tsunami's Beauty
		by Dade Gifford
	
	Sasami awoke with a start from another of her prophetic dreams.
She was covered in sweat, a lock of hair plastered to her forehead.  
For a frenzied moment, Sasami glanced around the room.  Satisfied that
she was safe, Sasami flopped back down into her futon.  Slowly, the
dream came back to her.

	Sasami had been standing in the Royal Tree Nursery, looking at
Tsunami's tree.  She watched as Tenchi walked by, totally ignoring her.
	"Tenchi?  Tenchi, wait!" she cried.
Suddenly, roots from Tsunami shot out.  They embedded themselves in her
wrists, her mouth, her neck.  She tried to scream, but couldn't because
of the roots.  Sasami was pulled into the tree.  Then, she couldn't
breathe.  Looking to her left and right, she saw that she was no longer
herself, but now a part of the tree.  Tenchi came running up.  
	"Sasami?  Sasami, are you all right?" 
	She tried to respond, but instead, a voice that wasn't hers 
came out.  "Tenchi, I'm right here."
	Tenchi turned away from Sasami to her adult form, who was now
standing behind Tenchi.  The adult came up to Sasami, and touched her.
With a rushing motion, she was no longer in the tree, but now in the
adult body.  Sasami fell forwards.  Then she felt strong arms lifting
her up, and she looked into Tenchi's eyes.  He leaned forwards and 
kissed her.  Sasami was shocked...even more so when Tenchi moved his
tongue into her mouth.  Tenchi unfastened his shirt, and started to
work on his pants...  And then she woke up with a flash.
	What it meant, she wasn't exactly sure, but something about the
dream scared her.  Maybe because her birthday was tomorrow?  But that
didn't seem to have much relevance.  Her dreams usually weren't spawned
by celebrations.  Sasami tried not to think about it as she got up and
got dressed.  Aeka was still asleep, rolled over on her side, facing
away from Sasami.  She left the room and walked down the silent hall,
her bare feet making nearly no noise on the floorboards.  Tenchi would
not be waking up for another half an hour, Ryoko for another hour, 
Aeka usually shortly after Tenchi, Mihoshi...no one knew.  Sasami had
everyone's waking time memorized, and was prepared to get breakfast
done before them.  
	"Ohayo, Sasami," said Katsuhito, as Sasami reached the kitchen.
	"Ohayo, Jiichan," she replied.  Upon entering the kitchen, she
opened up a cupboard and pulled out a few ingredients, including the
rice, egg, and shoyru.  
	Soon, the sounds of frying and the delicious smells permeated
the walls of the Masaki residence.  As if on cue, Tenchi arrived into
the kitchen.  "Ohayo, Sasami."
	"Ohayo, Tenchi." Sasami gave Tenchi his serving of breakfast,
and also handed him his bento box.  He and Katsuhito conversed about
sword practice, and all the things Tenchi was doing wrong.  Aeka came
down the stairs next, looking just as prim and proper as always.
	"Ohayo Tenchi, Sasami."
	"Ohayo Aeka."
	Aeka sat down and took her usual petite portion of food and the
tea that jiichan had prepared carefully.  Just a delicate droplet of
the shoyru on her rice, as usual, and easier on the ramen.  
	Mihoshi stepped into the room.  "Ohayo everybody!" 
	"Ohayo Mihoshi."
	Tenchi looked up.  "Uhh, Mihoshi, what's that on your face?"
he said, indicating a brightly colored object.
	"Hmm?  Oh, so THAT'S where the last Skittle went!!" she 
promptly took it off her face and popped it into her mouth.  Tenchi 
sighed.
	Mihoshi took her rice with plenty of shoyru.  She also took 
some ramen.  She took some tea, but didn't tend to get several drinks
of it like the rest did.
	Tenchi finished eating, picked up his bento box, and started
for the door.  "See you later, Sasami, Aeka."
	"Bye Tenchi."
	Aeka left, then Mihoshi, then Katsuhito.  About another forty-
five minutes later, Ryoko showed up, yawning.  "Hey, Sasami."
	"Ohayo, Ryoko."
	Ryoko took a heaping helping of food, and took a bottle of sake
from the cupboard instead of the tea.  Before anyone could say anything
disapproving to her, she teleported away, as usual.
	Sasami gathered up the dishes and put them in the sink.  She
took a dishcloth and some soap, and began to wash them.  Not too long
after she started, Aeka showed up to help her.  "Thanks, Aeka."
	"Not a problem, Sasami-chan."
	They washed in silence for a while.  Soon, Sasami broke the 
silence.  "Aeka, have you ever had a dream about Tenchi?"
	Aeka seemed flustered.  "Um, well...  To be honest, yes, Sasami
I do, about every night."
	"What usually happens in those dreams?"
	"Um, ah....um..."
	"Does Tenchi take his shirt and pants off, Aeka?" she said in a
perfectly innocent tone.  
	Aeka's face turned bright red.  "W-why do you ask, Sasami?"
	"Oh, no reason.  It's just because I had that kind of dream 
about him last night.  I just wanted to know if dreams involving him
are usually like that."
	Aeka was stunned beyond words for a while.  A deep red blush
became her new skin color for a good fifteen minutes.  
	"Er..Sasami, is there any...ah, particular reason why you might
be dreaming of Tenchi?"
	"I'm not sure.  Tsunami was in the dream, too, only I became
one with her in it.  Then Tenchi did that."
	"....has there been something..happening between you two?"
	"Whatever do you mean, Aeka?"
	"Um....nevermind."
	Sasami set back to her work, trying to get a particularly tough
stain off of the latest dish.  After this was completed, she was done,
and dried her hands off.  Aeka, upon finishing, hurriedly walked out
the back door.    
	Sasami knew, of course, what Aeka had been insinuating.  Just
because she looked young and naïve didn't mean a thing.  She'd had fun
with what she'd said earlier.  And of course she knew Aeka had dreams
about Tenchi.  Sasami had ears, she could hear what Aeka said in her
sleep.  <No doubt nothing she'd admit to, either,> thought Sasami.
	She'd guessed by now that Aeka was going out to see Tenchi and
to secure him for herself.  Sasami knew that Aeka was a bit paranoid at
times, and that Aeka actually thought Sasami and Tenchi had something
going on.  Sasami had a crush on Tenchi, that she was certain of.  But
she didn't know how Tenchi felt, and was too young to do anything about
it anyway.  
	And as for the whole assimilation process...she didn't really
want to dwell on that.  Sasami wasn't sure if she would still be "in
charge," or if Tsunami would have control over the body and Sasami 
would be the background element.  No matter how much Tsunami explained
it, Sasami still couldn't comprehend it the way the goddess did.
	Sasami sighed, thinking about this.  <I guess I'll never get it
till it happens.>  
	She shook her head, and thought about something less depressing
to her.  <Hmm...I wonder what Tenchi got me for my birthday?>
	Sasami got a wet washcloth and wiped the table clean quickly,
and then sat at the couch.  Ryo-ohki joined her momentarily.
	"Oh, hi, Ryo-ohki!  Where've you been?"
	"Myaa! Miya myaa myaa meow."
	Sasami paused as if trying to comprehend this.  Ryo-ohki tried
to help with paw gestures, but Sasami didn't get it.  Instead, she just
shook her head, then petted Ryo-ohki, saying, "You're so cute."
	Ryo-ohki sighed a miya, and settled down into Sasami's lap.  
On the TV was an anime, but not very exciting.  Something about four or
five people who went around in a living spaceship.  What was the name?
Outlaw...Outlaw...something.  But Sasami didn't feel like watching it,
so she clicked over to the next channel.  It was a gameshow, but one of
the lesser-funded ones.  It had lame prizes for the "winners," and 
amazingly painful things for those who weren't.  One man, after having
lost, got hit with a medicine ball.  He fell onto pads, but he still
looked shaken up.
	Sasami sighed.  She flicked through a few more channels, but
still nothing interesting.  Food show...anime...gameshow...movie...
telethon...infomercial...news...shopping channel...another movie...soap
opera...  Sasami flicked rapidly now, passing various combinations of
the aforementioned with less and less interest.  After a while, she 
gave up and hit the power button.  <7,835,723 channels, and still, not
a single thing to watch.>
	Ryo-ohki was looking up at Sasami, her little puffball tail
wagging.  Sasami smiled and petted Ryo-ohki, who nuzzled her chin.
She put Ryo-ohki on her head and went into the kitchen.  She rooted for
a while, before producing a few carrots.  She sat back on the sofa and
fed the carrots into the cabbit, who was in turn doing her best 
impression of a vegatable shredder.  She ate the carrots as fast as 
Sasami could feed them to her.  
	Sasami's eyes started to close as she gazed at the little 
carrot-eating machine.  Sasami fell asleep, and Ryo-ohki curled up in
her lap.  
	Tenchi came in from outside, looking a little dirty, and with
Aeka in tow.  
	"...and I was just wondering, that's all," finished Aeka.
	Tenchi just nodded, and took off his slippers.  He glanced into
the living room to see Sasami sleeping on the couch, and the resident
cabbit sleeping in her lap.  Tenchi smiled.  It was a cute scene, and
Tenchi couldn't resist.  He took one of his dad's cameras from a table
where it had been carelessly left.  He checked the register window, and
upon seeing that enough "Fujifilm" was left, he pointed and clicked.
Aeka looked at him questioningly.  Tenchi saw that Aeka was staring at
him, and he scratched the back of his head.
	"Well....I....I just thought...I mean, well..I couldn't resist,
it was just...I don't know, I just thought..I thought it'd make a nice
picture," he stammered.
	Aeka smiled and watched as Tenchi sighed with relief.  She 
stood there as he went off for the onsen.  Once he was out of sight,
she gave a questioning glance in Sasami's direction, and frowned with
thought.  <No,> she finalized, and decided to give it no further 
thought.  Such thoughts would corrupt her vision of Tenchi.
	Sasami woke up at about 10:30.  She sat up and yawned.  
Noticing Ryo-ohki in her lap, Sasami made sure to get up more slowly.
Ryo-ohki woke up.  "Myaa?"
	"Oh!  Sorry to wake you, Ryo-ohki."
	"Miya myaa."
	The cabbit hopped up to Sasami's shoulder, then atop her head.
Sasami went into the kitchen to get a head start on the next meal.  It
would take a while to prepare the hatchou, anyway.  
	Tenchi left the bath, his hair still a bit wet.  He came into
the living room to see that Sasami wasn't there.  But, he could hear
her working in the kitchen.  Tenchi decided to step in.  There wasn't
anything to do anyway.  He knew nothing interesting would be on the TV,
and if he went anywhere else, it was likely he'd be found by Ryoko and/
or Aeka.  Wasyuu had been stragely absent.  It wasn't unusual for her 
to spend a lot of time in the lab, but usually she'd poke her head up
from time to time to eat.  Tenchi thought about what would happen if he
ran into any of the women.  <Okay...Aeka, well, she's been acting weird
lately, more nervous about where I've been and what's been going on.
Maybe I should avoid her for now.  Ryoko'd probably just glomp me, or
something.>
	Sasami didn't notice Tenchi as he stepped into the kitchen.  He
walked up behind her, and put his hands over her eyes.  "Guess who?"
	"Oh!  Hi, Tenchi!" she giggled.  
	"Hey, it all looks good, Sasami."
	"Thanks, Tenchi.  Sorry, I couldn't make the Kyoto.  We're 
out of a few of the ingredients."
	"It's all right.  Everything you make is delicious anyway, so
it's not a big deal."
	Sasami blushed.  "Thank you."
	Tenchi smiled.  He petted Ryo-ohki, who was still on Sasami's
head.  Ryo-ohki miyaa'ed happily.  Sasami giggled.  "She's in such a 
good mood 'cause I gave her a lot of carrots."
	"Ohh, is *that* it?"
	"Myaa!  Miya myaa meow!"
	"Oh, don't worry, we don't mean it.  Right, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "Right."
	Tenchi brightened for a moment, remembering something.  "Oh,
and Sasami?"
	"Yeah?"
	"Tomorrow IS your birthday, right?"
	"Yup!"
	"Okay.  Just making sure.  I overheard it from your sister just
before she and Ryoko got into a fight." Tenchi didn't want to tell her
that Aeka and Ryoko were fighting because Ryoko thought she had a 
better gift than Aeka.  Sasami wouldn't like it if she knew Aeka and
Ryoko fought because of her.
	"So, watcha getting me?" Sasami piped.
	"Oh, come on.  Do you really think I'm going to just tell you?
I'm not going to make it so easy.  Besides, what kind of a person would
I be if I went and told you that?  And don't bother badgering Mihoshi,
we haven't told her a thing, either."
	Sasami pouted, but still smiled.  Getting Mihoshi to let 
something slip had been the plan.  She turned and resumed preparing the
food.  Nothing to it right now, just start boiling the water, and let
the over preheat.  Of course, she still had some chopping to do.  
	"Anything I can do to help?" questioned Tenchi.
	"Sure!  Think you can chop the vegetables?" said Sasami, 
gesturing to the carrots.  
	"I think so."
	Tenchi took the knife and stood at the cutting board.  As he
chopped, he let his mind wander on the events set up for Sasami's 
birthday.  
	*CRKK*
	"YOW!" Tenchi put his maimed finger in his mouth.  "That really
smarts," he said.
	"Oh!  Are you okay, Tenchi?" Sasami turned away from other
preparations.  "You should be careful.  Chopping can be dangerous!"
	"I'm okay.  Just need to bandage it."
	"Well, okay.  Maybe you should see Wasyuu about it?"
	Tenchi sweatdropped.  "Uh...well, I guess I could.."
	"What's wrong?"
	"N-nothing, nothing at all!  I'm just wondering what kind of
cure Wasyuu's going to use.  I hope it doesn't do anything strange."
	"Oh, you know Wasyuu would never hurt you..on purpose."
	"I suppose you're right.  Okay, be back in a minute."
	Tenchi went to the door of Wasyuu's subspace lab.  He found it
locked.  Tenchi took a breath, and knocked quietly.  Wasyuu's face 
showed up in the window of the door.  "Hey, Tenchi.  Come to be my 
guenia pig?"
	"Uh, n-not really, Wasyuu-dono."
	"A-HEM."
	"Wasyuu-chan."
	"Okay, then.  What do you need?"
	Tenchi presented his finger, which promptly bled down his hand.
"Waugh!" he took a cloth out of his pocket and wrapped it up.
	"Yeah, come in.  It won't be more than a second."
	A click resounded from the door, and Tenchi pressed it open.
As he came in, he said to himself, "Since when did Wasyuu use a normal
lock?"
	"I heard that," she called from nearby.  "That's just a sound
effect.  Of course I don't use normal locks."
	"Oh.  Sorry, um, so what do I need to do?"
	Wasyuu typed furiously for a moment, and a small device, about
the size of a shoebox (size 9 1/2) popped up.  It had the image of a
crab on it.  	
	"Put your hand underneath it," instructed Wasyuu.
	Tenchi did as he was told.  The rag around his finger dissolved
promptly.  "Hey!  I only have two of those!"
	"Sorry, I'll make you another.  Why didn't you just ask?"
	"Uh, no reason."
	Tenchi watched as the deep cut on his finger sealed up with new
flesh that was a lighter color than the rest of his finger.  
	"So, Wasyuu.  Are we still going through with Sasami's birthday
party?"
	"Of course!  And yes, before you ask, everything is set and 
ready to go.  Just do your part."
	"Oh yeah, big part.  I'm sure she wants to go around with me 
all day when she could be doing fun stuff."
	A statue of a crab, about one foot square, fell onto Tenchi's 
skull with a resounding BAMM!
	"Oww!  What'd you do that for?!"
	"You know, she does like you.  She has a crush on you, ya 
know."
	Tenchi's eyes widened.  "Really?"
	Wasyuu sighed.  "Please don't tell me you're really that thick,
Tenchi."
	"Hey, come on.  Give me a break!"
	"Anyway, whether you knew it or not, she would very much like 
to spend the day in your company.  I think any of the women would."
	"Well..."
	"So, you can leave now.  I'm finished."
	"Arigatto, Wasyuu-chan."
	"Don't mention it.  Now scat!  She's probably wondering if you
are going to finish chopping up the carrots, so go!"
	"Sure...wait, how did YOU know what I was doing?"
	"Ah-heh-heh...umm...never mind that." she pressed a button on
her holotop, and he was in the living room.
	Tenchi looked around quickly, momentarily startled, but then
sighed.  He then marched into the kitchen to finish chopping up the
carrots.  
	"Oh, hey Tenchi!  I decided I'd finish up for you.  I didn't
want you to get hurt again."
	Tenchi hung his head in shame.  "I'm sorry, Sasami."
	"Don't be sorry, it's not a big deal, really!"
	Tenchi sat on the counter, adjacent to the cutting board.  "So,
what do you usually do for your birthday on Jurai?"
	"Well...I'm sure it's not any different from what you'd do 
here, Tenchi."
	"Aww, come on.  You can tell me!  I'm not going to be sad if we
can't give you as great a party as you'd have on Jurai."
	"That's just it, though.  I never had that much in the way of a
birthday, before.  I mean, gifts and all, but my daddy was too busy to
be able to have a party, and so were my mommy and auntie Funaho."
	"Wow, really?"
	Sasami nodded.  "I think, just as long as you guys are around,
I'll be happy.  You don't have to buy me anything."
	"Well...I don't know what to say, Sasami.  But I can tell you
this much, we're not going to just leave it at that.  We'll do 
something for your birthday."
	Sasami hugged Tenchi.  "Thank you, Tenchi.  I guess it'll be my
first real birthday.."
	"Don't thank me, I should be thanking you for everything you've
done for us.  Why, if it weren't for you, we'd starve!"
	Sasami giggled.  "Oh, that's not true.  Your father is a decent
cook!  And Wasyuu can at least use her science to make stuff.."
	Tenchi kneeled down to her level, and looked her in the eye.
"C'mon, Sasami.  You do too much for us.  I'm sure they *could* do 
some cooking, but it just wouldn't be the same without you.  And 
besides...Wasyuu's last concoction didn't even *look* edible, and dad's
last meal that he cooked was instant ramen!"
	Tenchi put an arm around her and pulled her into a hug.  "I'm
just happy that you're here for us, Sasami.  So please, just accept
what we're doing for you, just this once."
	Sasami's heart fluttered at him hugging her, and she blushed.
"Okay." she finalized, and didn't trust herself to say any more.
	Tenchi stood up with a parting smile, and he patted her on the
shoulder once before leaving the kitchen.
	Sasami watched him go, and once he was out of sight, she leaned
back against the wall and sighed happily.  <Oh..what am I to do?> she
thought.  <I can't say anything to him about how I feel...I'm too young
for him.  And anyway, Aeka and Ryoko would be mad.>
	Sasami turned and tended to the meal.  She could now start 
making the actual food.  But something nagged at her from the back of
her head, and she couldn't place what it was trying to say.  She
stopped for a moment, as if listening to something she couldn't hear. 
But nothing presented itself, so Sasami resumed preparations.
	About two hours later, everything was ready, and all the food
was set.  Sasami set the table, and everyone came in and ate in the 
usual manner.  But for some reason, they didn't say much.  Aeka and 
Ryoko weren't fighting, either.  They just kept looking at everyone
else at the table.  Tenchi caught Sasami's eye and threw her a wink.
She blushed.  Aeka saw this, but silently fumed.  Ryoko didn't really
notice anything, she just kept eating.  No one else saw it, and if they
had, probably they just would've passed it on as nothing.
	After the meal was over, everyone complemented her as usual, 
and left.  Sasami stood there for a few moments, contemplating 
something less particular.  She had overheard from Wasyuu that Ryoko
couldn't really taste anything, so were her claims unabased, or did she
really know what it tasted like?  Tenchi came back into the kitchen and
helped Sasami clean up.  He beamed at her one more time before leaving.
Sasami couldn't help but blush.  
	She sighed and finished putting away the now-clean dishes.  The
sun came through the nearby window and struck a glass, sending 
brilliant colors about the room.  Sasami stared at the rainbow of light
as she zoned out.  Ryo-ohki startled her out of it by nuzzling her 
cheek.  She giggled, and then thought of her other pet, the Kirplaxian
Norbek.
	Sasami was somewhat saddened when she thought of the little
bushy-tailed creature that had been there when she first met Tenchi.
But of course, it stayed on the Ryu-oh, and was subsequently killed. 
Ryo-ohki was here, though, so she wasn't really sad at all.  But in a
way, she'd miss it.  But as Sasami thought of it, she remembered when
Tenchi called it cute.  At first, she imagined it was she Tenchi was
calling cute.  
	Sasami was startled from yet another reverie by a stern, 
commanding voice.
	"Sasami," came Aeka's voice from behind.
	Sasami came about.  "Oh, hi, Ae-"
	"Sasami, stay away from him."
	"Huh?  What are you talking about?"
	"YOU KNOW QUITE WELL WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!"
Aeka composed herself.  "A-hem...Stay away from Tenchi."
	"But..I'm not even trying!"
	"YES, I CAN SEE THAT!"
	"No, I mean, he's just being nice to me, it's nothing, really!"
	"I don't believe you.  Tenchi isn't like that.  And besides,
even if he is, you shouldn't say anything back.  Now, you WILL obey,
because I am your older sister.  Nothing more will be said of this, 
unless you do anything."
	Every sentence she said was punctuated with a "But.." from 
Sasami.  However, Aeka walked out of the room before Sasami could get a
word in edgewise.
	Sasami leaned on the table and put held her head in her hands.
<Why?  Why am I to be blamed for something I'm obviously not doing?>
she thought.
	Tenchi had been coming back in through the door when he heard 
the exchange.  At first, he had been stupefied with the sheer idiocy
of the argument, and stunned by his subconscious actions.  Then he had
been filled with rancor at Aeka's words.  So?  So if he HAD been 
favoring Sasami?  That was HIS choice, and it was not to be questioned!
<But I'd better not say anything,> he thought.  <I'd probably get 
accused of eavesdropping, or something.
	Still, he could do something about it.  He decided to show his
affection for Sasami more openly.  He didn't yet grasp, however, what
Aeka had meant.  Why not be nice to Sasami?  He couldn't understand
it.
	Tenchi walked back into the kitchen after carefully making sure
that Aeka hadn't come back and noticed him standing there.  Sasami 
had her back to him, and her shoulders were heaving.  <Aww, man..>
thought Tenchi.  <Now she's crying.  What am I supposed to do?>
	He walked up behind Sasami quietly.  Tenchi placed a hand on
her shoulder.  Sasami flinched, and turned to see Tenchi standing
there, looking into her with his compassionate brown eyes.
	"Sasami, what's wrong?" he asked, carefully remaining neutral.
	"Oh..It's nothing, Tenchi.." she sniffed.
	Tenchi kneeled next to her and encircled her in his arm.  
Sasami blushed, but tried to hide it.  Tenchi saw, but for her
pride, he prevented himself from saying anything.  
	"I have an idea.  Why don't you just go take a nap.  I'll
take things over from here."
	"N-no, I should..."
	"Now, Sasami, just go.  You look like you could use a nap
anyway."
	Sasami reluctantly gave in, and she proceeded for her
room.  Aeka saw her on the way, and glared at her.  Sasami
looked away.  Once she got into her room, Sasami went right to her
bed.  Suddenly, she found that she was indeed very tired.  She 
collapsed onto her futon, and fell asleep.  
	If one were to be in the room, they might have seen the blue-
hued aura of Tsunami appear.  She kissed Sasami on the forehead, and
then laid down into her.  As Tsunami incorporated herself into Sasami,
a glow filled the room.  Once the glow subsided, Sasami was there,
only now she filled out her futon.  
	Sasami dreampt.  "Sasami..." called a gentle voice.  As she
opened her eyes, Sasami could see Tsunami in front of her.  "Sasami,
you have finally completed what is destined."
	"Huh?"
	"You have earned Tenchi's love."
	Sasami's eyes widened in shock.  "Really?!"
	Tsunami nodded.  "Yes.  And now, the Avatar can fulfill his
destiny of the throne."
	"But why not Aeka?  If it were just the throne, then.."
	"You may as well ask 'why not Ryoko?'  You see, if Tenchi had
chosen one of them, then their bickering would continue.  And thusly,
he would never become emperor, and would remain on Earth.  One would
accuse him of being with the other.  There would be no peace.  And as
for the royalty, your father would be very displeased to see that Aeka
had married Tenchi, and would try with all his might to kill him.  If
Tenchi marries you, it's not a very big deal, because you're second in
line for the throne.  Your offspring is destined to rule Jurai.  As 
will Tenchi and you, for Aeka is destined for other matters.  But 
because of what is to come, I cannot tell you of her future.  As for
what I have already said, you are not to say a word of this."
	Sasami swallowed and nodded.  "Wow.." she said after a while.
	"Yes..  It's quite a matter, isn't it?  But now, it is time
for you to awaken and face your future.  Farewell."
	Sasami awoke with a start.  She looked around for a moment to
see where she was.  Indeed, it was her room, and the warmth of the
futon reminded her that she was in bed.  <What a dream.  Guess I'd
better get up and make breakfast,> she thought.
	Sasami stood up for a moment and then realized how cold it
was outside of her futon.  She was just about to slide the door
open when she noticed something.  First, the door was a lot smaller
than she'd remembered.  Second, the way she was walking was very
different from the way she used to walk.  And third, she also 
noticed that she was naked.  
	Sasami hurriedly grabbed the futon.  Miraculously, Aeka, who
had obviously been drinking last night, didn't wake up.  Seeing
that she didn't have much choice for garb, Sasami searched the
room.  It was then she noticed the clothes hamper, which held the
laundry she'd finished a couple of days ago, and forgotten to 
put back where it belonged.  The first thing that jumped out at
her was one of Tenchi's shrine outfits.  It was very loose-looking,
and fit well enough.  Sasami realized that she was still 
uncomfortably cold, due to the lack of undergarments that still
fit her.  But she had to get breakfast done, and that was that.
	Sasami slid the door open quietly and padded down the 
hall.
	"SUR...PRISE?" came a cry from the living room.  Tenchi,
Ryoko, Wasyuu, Mihoshi, Katsuhito and Nobuyuki were all there,
ready to celebrate Sasami's birthday.  But they seemed somewhat
surprised themselves.  
	"Tsu-Tsunami?" stammered Tenchi.
	"Umm...No, I'm not Tsunami," said Sasami.
	Wasyuu gasped.  "So you've finally assimilated!  But why?"
	"Uh, I really don't know.  Tsunami is with me, but only like 
she used to be.  I mean, it's not like both of us are right here.  She
is just dormant.  So I can't answer that.." Sasami knew perfectly well
why she had been assimilated, but didn't want to discuss it so openly.
	"My, what a coincidence.  Assimilation on your birthday, I 
wonder if it has anything to do with the matter..." said Katsuhito,
his expression stoic as always.
	"Wow!  Gee, Ryoko, I guess you've got more competition," said
Nobuyuki, eyeing Sasami.
	"Hey...naw, I don't think so.  Right, Tenchi?" said Ryoko, 
phasing next to Tenchi and glomping onto him.
	"Uhh...." he stuttered.
	"Well, um, who wants breakfast?" said Sasami, trying her best
to change the subject.  She just didn't feel that an atmosphere of
comfort radiated from talking about oneself.
	"I do!" called Mihoshi.  
	But before Sasami could safely get into the kitchen and away
from those prying eyes, Aeka came down the stairs.  Sasami saw her and
stopped.  Aeka at first lazily looked about the room.  Then her eyes
met with Sasami's, and changed into a cold glare.
	Sasami smiled and said, "Ohayo, Aeka."
	"Sasami.  I would like to have a talk with you.  In private."
	Aeka led Sasami back to their room, as everyone else just 
looked on in stunned silence.  
	Tenchi looked about at the situation.  "Well, I guess in all 
the fuss, we forgot it was her birthday.  C'mon, Wasyuu, let's go and
make breakfast.  And everyone, I guess there's going to be some gifts
that'll need returning, given the situation."
	Tenchi and Wasyuu retreated to the kitchen to begin preparing
on breakfast while Mihoshi sat at the table, Katsuhito began to gather
up presents that wouldn't be needed (i.e., clothes), and Ryoko just 
went to her beam.  
	Nobuyuki announced, "I'm taking some of these gifts back, if 
anyone wants to come along and get new ones."
	Katsuhito offered for Nobuyuki to get new clothes for Sasami.
	<Ooh, I'm going to look forward to this,> said Nobuyuki, who
planned to leer at the lingerie.  He set off out the door and drove
away.
	Meanwhile, upstairs, Aeka was having a little "talk" with her
sister.  
	"Sasami, do you remember what I have told you?"
	"Yes, Aeka.  But you know what?  You can just forget it.  I 
don't have to answer to you."
	Aeka fumed.  "I am still your older sister, and I have laid
claims onto Tenchi.  And as Juraian by-laws go, I will have him as
my husband."
	"This isn't Jurai, Aeka, and besides, Tenchi has to agree to
that."
	"Hmph!  We shall see, Sasami.  We shall see." with that, 
Aeka left the room in a huff.
	Sasami collected herself and left for the kitchen.  But before
she got out of the room, Ryo-ohki awoke.  "Myaa?" came a questioning
cabbit.
	"Oh, so you're awake, Ryo-ohki!" said Sasami.
	"Miya...?  Myaa miya meow?" 
	"Yes, yes, it's me, Sasami!  Want to go make some breakfast?"
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki hopped up to Sasami's shoulder, and sniffed
her for a moment.  She then licked her.  Sasami giggled.
	As soon as she left the room, Sasami could smell food cooking.
She hurried to the kitchen to see Tenchi and Wasyuu doing their best to
make breakfast.  Wasyuu was typing on her holo-top, and alternately 
taking a spoon from a pot and tasting it.  She tasted it once more, and
then typed furiously.  She tasted it again, and commented, "Needs more
hydrogen..."
	"Hey you guys!" Sasami exclaimed.  
	Tenchi jumped about three feet.  "Sasami!  Aww, this was 
supposed to be a surprise!"
	"Well, that's sweet of you.  Thanks.."
	Tenchi laughed nervously and scratched the back of his head.
Wasyuu ignored her and typed quicker.  A hole opened nearby and she
took a spice shaker from it.  Wasyuu shook a blue-tinted spice over the
miso she was cooking, and threw the container over her shoulder.  A 
hole opened up and caught it before it got far. 
	Sasami walked over to the vegetables Tenchi was chopping and 
helped him out.  
	"Come on, now, we're doing this for your birthday.  Let us 
handle it," he said, somewhat annoyed.
	Sasami smiled at him, and gave him a light peck on the cheek 
before leaving.  Tenchi blushed brightly and stopped chopping for a
while.  Wasyuu looked over at him for a moment, and smiled. 
	<This could prove interesting,> she thought.
	Sasami sat down on the couch.  She just couldn't seem to get
rid of the smile that was plastered on her face.  Ryo-ohki miaa'ed
happily and nuzzled Sasami some more.  Mihoshi came in from down the
hall and sat next to Sasami.
	"Hello, who are you?" she asked.
	Sasami facefaulted.  "Umm, it's me, Sasami."
	"No you're not, Sasami's a little girl."
	"No, Tsunami merged with me, I'm not little anymore." <At 
least not in size, anyway.>
	Mihoshi seemed satisfied with this and said no more.  Sasami
rolled her eyes.  
	Tenchi came in from the kitchen and stood behind Sasami.  He
remained totally quiet so she wouldn't notice.  Sasami just sat 
there watching TV, and petting Ryo-ohki.  A smile crept onto 
Tenchi's face as he padded up behind her.  
	"Ohayo, Sasami!" he yelled as he put his arms around her 
from behind.  
	Sasami jumped about four feet.  "Oh!  Tenchi!" 
	"Happy Birthday.  I guess in all the excitement, we forgot
it was your birthday," he commented.
	Sasami looked down at the surprised cabbit in her lap and
blushed.  Ryo-ohki miyaa'ed knowingly.  Sasami hadn't expected on
being surprised like that.  Usually she was too small to be easily
grabbed from behind while sitting on the couch.
	
	But this, she didn't mind at all.

	Tenchi stopped and realized how bold he was being.  But he
just shrugged it off as giving her special attention for her 
birthday.  Of course, only Wasyuu, who had been secretly watching
from the kitchen, realized that this wasn't just special birthday
treatment.  She smiled brightly.  Then she shifted to less linear
thoughts.  <Hmm, maybe if he loosens up a bit, I can get a sample
out of him...>
	Ryoko floated lazily through the nearest wall.  Pestering
Aeka wasn't as exciting as it usually was.  Lately she seemed a
bit easier to get unnerved.  No challenge at all, really.
	Then she noticed Tenchi hugging the new Sasami.  Her mouth
dropped open.  She quickly dashed back into the wall.
	<It's just for her birthday...it's just for her birthday...
it's just for her birthday...> she repeated over and over, 
suppressing the tears that threatened at her eyelids.  Quickly,
she popped back through the wall to see them still hugging.
Ryoko noticed that her eyes were starting to sting.
	She shook her head and blinked rapidly.  <It's gotta be
just for her birthday...>
	"Hey, Tenchi!" she said in as cheerful a tone as she 
could manage.  
	"Oh!  Hi, Ryoko," he said, seemingly startled.  
	This seemed to worsen her mood, as she realized he had
been distracted.  
	"Hi, Ryoko!" came the only half-familiar voice of 
Sasami.
	"Hi, Sasami," she said, much less cheery.
	Aeka came down the stairs then.  Her eyes were somewhat
puffy, as if she had just been crying.  "Ohayo, Ten-chan."
	Tenchi blinked.  <Ten-chan?> he thought.
	Aeka walked purposefully right up to him and wrapped 
an arm around him.  "O-o-ohayo, Aeka..."
	<This is totally weird,> he thought again.
	Aeka pecked him on the cheek.  Ryoko was just stunned
into staring.  Sasami turned around and glared at her.
	Tenchi blushed brightly, and tried to pull away.  
Aeka put her hand on his thigh and caressed it.
	"Uhh..I..I think Jiichan's calling me.." he said, and
renewed his efforts to struggle free. 	
	Reluctantly, Aeka let him go.  Tenchi walked away 
quickly, sometimes throwing unnerved glances over his 
shoulder.  
	Aeka smiled smugly and looked at Sasami.  "Well, I 
think I can give him the attention he deserves.  And maybe
you won't be so desirable, at least not as much as you think,
little girl."
	Aeka was surprised monumentally as a strong slap hit
her on her right cheek.  She turned and glared angrily into
the golden eyes of Ryoko.  Ryoko looked at her with utter
contempt.
	"I don't know who the hell you think you are," she
said icily.  "But even I know that he was only doing that on
cause of Sasami's birthday.  Stay away, and let her have 
her day, you stuck up bitch."
	Aeka glared.  "You have absolutely no right to get 
into the matter between Sasami and I.  It is between Juraian
royalty, and not to be toyed with."
	Sasami stared at Aeka and Ryoko.  They fought all the
time, but now it was serious.  Usually, it wasn't more than
a petty squabble, but now there was actual hatred in their
eyes.

	And it scared her.
	
	Sasami stood up and tried to put herself between the
two women.  When she was little, no one would listen to 
her because she just wasn't that intimidating.  But now,
well, now they'd damn well better.  Something had to give.
	"You two STOP!" she yelled. 
	Ryoko backed away, but Aeka swung her hand at her 
sharply.
	Aeka found that she couldn't quite get her hand all
the way there.  Ryoko had her by the wrist.  
	"THAT was uncalled for," was all she would say.
Ryoko pulled Aeka away from Sasami.
	Sasami wouldn't stand for that.  "No!  You two stop
it NOW!" she screamed.
	A bright flash ensued, and a forcefield was now 
between Aeka and Ryoko.  They just stared, puzzled, as did
Sasami.
	Sasami walked towards the forcefield with her hand
pressed against it.  She pushed it across the room with
Aeka behind it, fighting to get free the whole time.  She
pushed it until Aeka was trapped in a corner.  Her eyes
never left Aeka's.
	Wordlessly, she marched off to find Tenchi, leaving
both of the women in a stupor.  Ryoko started to gloat, 
but then a similar forcefield appeared around her.  She
looked at it for a moment, as if denying its existence.
But she also found it impossible to phase through.  
	Aeka laughed out loud at her.  Ryoko spoke up.
	"You have no room to talk, Aeka, if you haven't
noticed."
	Aeka just glared, and sat down on the wood floor.
Normally, her tiara allowed her to absorb Jurai power,
but this was a Light Hawk Wing, and she found it impossible
to tamper with.
	Ryoko didn't make any other attempts to get free, 
because she realized what she'd done.  Ryoko realized that
by fighting, they'd almost ruined her birthday.
	Aeka didn't seem to care.  She seemed fixated on the
sheer fact that now Sasami was after Tenchi.  And she seemed
to be making progress.
	Ryoko knew that what she'd seen wasn't just Sasami
enjoying the benefits of her birthday.  But for some reason,
she couldn't get mad at her.  Knowing that Tenchi was going
to be with another woman was very trying.  But after a few
minutes, she realized she was glad the woman was Sasami.
<Besides,> she thought.  <At least...at least I can still be
near him...>
	Sasami found Tenchi outside near the fields, looking 
out over the carrots.
	"Tenchi?" she said tentatively.  He started at her 
presence, turning about.  He was frowning.  "Sasami?" he
questioned.
	"Yes?"
	"What's wrong with Aeka?"
	"Umm.." Sasami's face got somewhat red.
	"If you don't want to tell me, you don't have to."
	"Okay, I think I'd rather not."
	"That's fine.  She's just acting, well, weird, that's
all."
	Sasami looked down.  "Uh, well..."  <Should I let Tenchi
in on this problem?>
	"Um..I think you should come back into the living room
for a minute," she said, regretting the words as soon as they
had left her mouth.
	"Sure."	
	Sasami led him back into the living room to see Aeka 
and Ryoko blocked off into separate areas.  
	"What's this all about?" he asked, somewhat perturbed.
	"Well.." started Ryoko.  "Aeka was being a bitch."
	"I was not!  Ryoko was putting her nose in my business!"
	"Quiet!  Tell me what happened, and why you two are
now locked up?"
	"I honestly don't know, Ten-chan."  <There she goes
again,> thought Tenchi.
	"You know, damn it.  You know why," said Ryoko.
	Sasami spoke up.  "They were fighting again, but this
time, it was going too far."
	"She was trying to slap Sasami!" yelled Ryoko.
	"I was NOT!!" screamed Aeka defiantly.
	"Shut UP!  Both of you, STOP IT!" yelled Tenchi.
	Ryoko and Aeka were startled into silence.
	"Now, you two are going to cut it out, right NOW! 
This is Sasami's birthday, and you two are about to totally
ruin it for her!"  He turned to Sasami.  "Um, how did you
lock them up?"
	"Well, I'm not sure.  But I think it's something to
do with Tsunami."
	"Well, go ahead and let them go.  As for us, let's go
ahead for a walk.  They need some time to think about what
they've done," he said, looking in their direction.
	Sasami glanced at them, and the fields dropped.
	Tenchi walked to the door and held it open for her.
Sasami bowed and walked through.
	Aeka glared at Sasami as she left the house with 
Tenchi.  Then she fixated her gaze on Ryoko.  She turned
and went back to her room.
	Sasami and Tenchi walked down the path into the 
forest.  Tenchi didn't really say where they were going,
but he held her hand as they walked.  Sasami put her mind
off of what had happened back at the house, and fixed her
mind on the here and now.  
	The forest was quite alive, right now.  Birds were
chirping, the sun was shining, and various insects made
a chorus of noise.  They walked for some time in silence,
until they came to a clearing.
	Tenchi realized where they were, and cursed himself.
<Damn!  I forgot the picnic basket!>
	Now he was totally clueless as to what should be 
done.  
	"Umm..." 
	Sasami smiled at him.  Her smile made him warmer, 
and he sweated.  But he beamed back at her, and thought
that he enjoyed this unpleasant warmth.  
	They just stood there, listening to the forest,
and watching what they could see.  No one was around, 
and Tenchi realized where he was.  This was the clearing
where his dad had said he'd first met Achika.
	Tenchi felt a hand cup his chin, and he turned to
Sasami.  She leaned forward into a kiss, and Tenchi, too
startled to do otherwise, reciprocated.
	Tenchi and Sasami kissed for a while, blushing 
more than ever before, but loving every minute of it.
	Tenchi opened his mouth as they kissed, and Sasami
gasped.  She opened her mouth and they kissed even more
deeply for a while.  They embraced each other and stood
there, oblivious to everything else going on.  Tenchi
was so blissfully caught up in his actions that he didn't
even flinch as Katsuhito came up the path.  He saw Tenchi
and Sasami, and turned on his heel as if he had just 
realized other engagements.  
	
	Maybe now wasn't the best time to come and tell them
the gifts were ready, anyway.  But Katsuhito was glad to
see that Tenchi was happy.  Maybe now that he was more at
rest, Tenchi would be more attentive.
	
	But right now, attention was what Tenchi lacked as 
he was filled with warmth and bliss, locked in a passionate
kiss with Sasami.  After what seemed like hours, but was
nearly half an hour, they parted.  Tenchi gazed into her
pink eyes, looking into them as if they were twin oceans
with infinite depth.
	Sasami stared at him blissfully, and they resumed 
kissing again and again, for quite a while.  About an hour
later, He and Sasami walked back down the path to the house,
hand in hand, side by side.  
	Nobuyuki hid behind a tree, and when the moment was
right, he leapt out and snapped a picture.  Tenchi and 
Sasami looked at Nobuyuki with some apprehension, but were
too blissful to care, really.  Tenchi actually laughed.
	Nobuyuki laughed along with him, and handed Sasami
the picture.
	"Hey, I want to talk to Tenchi alone for a minute,
if that's all right."
	"Sure."
	Nobuyuki led Tenchi into the library.  Once they 
were there, he looked around as if trying to see if 
someone were spying on them.  He then grabbed a book off
the shelf labeled, "War and Peace," and opened it up.
A small jewel box presented itself, and Nobuyuki popped
it open.
	A beautifully decorated ring, with vine-like tendrils
and a finely cut ruby sat in the middle, with a layer of
dust on it.
	"I haven't...haven't looked at this since..since that
day..." said Nobuyuki in a faraway voice.
	Tenchi felt a lump form in his throat.  He got dust
in his eye, too.  He blinked quickly, and put a hand on 
his dad's shoulder.
	"Now Tenchi.." he started.  "It looked to me back 
there like you and Sasami were a bit friendly.  If...if 
you ever decided that you need a ring...could I count on 
you to give her this?"
	"Of course!" said Tenchi without even the slightest
hint of hesitation.
	Nobuyuki put the ring in Tenchi's hand and clasped
it for a minute.  "Thank you," was all he said before 
retreating quickly away.
	Tenchi watched him go, and looked at the ring for
a moment.  <Am I really ready for that, yet?> he thought.
	Sighing, he put the ring in his pocket.
	Tenchi met up with Sasami back in the living room.
	Sasami saw him, and lit up instantly.  She embraced
him in a tender hug, and they stood there for a moment.
	Katsuhito walked up behind Tenchi and waited for a
moment.  After they parted, he tapped Tenchi on the shoulder.
	"Hey, you two, the gifts are ready," he said once
Tenchi turned around.
	Tenchi laughed nervously and scratched the back of his
head.
	The gift-giving had finished after a short while, Aeka
being noticeably absent from the celebration.  Then a short
dinner was served, and everyone watched some TV, trying not
to pressure Sasami too much about her new form.  
	Truly, Sasami didn't find it too strange.  After a 
little while, she'd gotten accustomed to the changes.
	Except for one change, and that was the new feelings
she'd had when Tenchi had been kissing her.  It was a 
stirring sensation, one that made her stomach flutter.
	But she liked it, even though she couldn't explain
it.  Aeka, had she not been in a fit of jealousy, probably
could have helped her sister get to understand her new body.
	The program didn't last long, and everyone turned in
earlier than normal.  Ryoko took a bottle of sake and 
retreated to the shadows.  In reality, she hadn't fully 
accepted her fate, yet, and wanted to drown her sorrows in
alcohol.
	But Aeka wouldn't accept it, she knew that, and vowed
to help Sasami with whatever would happen.
	"Um, Tenchi?" asked Sasami.
	"Yeah?" he said. 
	They sat on the couch in front of the TV, with no one
around.  
	"I don't think I can sleep in my room tonight.  Is 
that room on the end of the hall open?"
	"Yeah, but there's no bed in it."
	"Guess I'll have to see if I can get my futon away 
from Aeka."
	Tenchi left for his room, and Sasami was able to get
her futon, as Aeka was asleep.  
	As soon as she got herself ready for bed, Sasami 
realized something.  She went down the hall to Tenchi's room.
She quietly rapped on the door.  "Tenchi?"
	"Yeah?" 
	"Can I come in?"
	"Sure, go ahead."
	Sasami slid the door open.  "I forgot to say good night
to you."
	Tenchi stood up and Sasami came over to him.  They 
kissed again, and then Sasami parted and said, "Oyasume."
	"Oyasume nasai," replied Tenchi.
	Sasami was about to leave the room, but she turned back
to Tenchi.  Tenchi turned around to see her, and she kissed
him again.  They kissed deeply for a while.  Sasami found
felt...strange.  She couldn't quite place it.  She knew she
wanted Tenchi, but here he was, and it didn't seem to be
enough.
	Just when she was about to give up, Sasami figured it
out.  <I...I...I WANT him...and...>
	Slowly, she motioned their kiss over to the bed.  
Tenchi noticed this, and parted for a moment.  
	"Um, Sasami?"
	She backed up for a moment.  "Oh...I guess I should get
back to bed."
	"Well..." Tenchi seemed unable to continue, and Sasami
couldn't leave at that.  They kissed some more, and again,
she subconsciously motioned towards the bed. 
	Tenchi stopped again.  "Are...are you sure about this,
Sasami?" he asked.
	"W-well...I...I..."
	"If you want to, we can...but only if you want to..."
	They were both blushing madly, unable to contain 
themselves.  
	"Tenchi, I...I want you.  I don't know why, but..."
	"Are you sure?"
	"Y-yes..." she said unsteadily.  She contemplated this
for a moment, and then finalized "Yes, yes I do."
	They resumed kissing again, only this time Tenchi was
obviously nervous.  He couldn't quite bring himself to start
things, because he wasn't sure where to begin.
	Sasami wasn't sure, either, but counted on Tenchi to 
initiate it.
	Tenchi's mind raced as they kissed.  He decided they
should sit on the bed, and he pulled her down towards it.
	Sasami's heart was racing as she realized just what
was going to happen.  Her desire took over her thoughts, 
and she began to push up Tenchi's shirt.  Tenchi felt a 
lot better as he noticed that she knew what she was doing,
or so he thought.
	Sasami leaned against him, and this motion brought
them flat onto the bed.  Tenchi felt the robes she was
wearing, and realized she was still wearing his shrine 
robes.  He slowly worked the buttons on it as they kissed.
	Sasami parted the kiss long enough for her to get 
the shirt he was wearing off of him.  She realized that
he was finding his way with her clothes, too, so at least
she didn't have to worry about that.  But it wasn't long
before she remembered that she still hadn't put on any
undergarments.
	Tenchi was equally surprised when he was greeted 
with her bare chest.  His nose bled uncontrollably, and
he wiped at it.  Sasami kissed him, and reached down to
untie his cord belt.
	Tenchi's excitement grew, and he allowed himself
to be lost in it.  Sasami finished pushing his pants 
off, and seemed flustered at the prospect of going any 
further.  Tenchi tried to remember some of the things
that his father had told him, but he failed to think
of much, as he had tried to shrug off the hentai's
ramblings.
	He did remember one thing, though.  He began to
suckle gently on her breast.  Sasami felt shockwaves
of sensations shooting up her spine, and she moaned,
finding herself unable to stop.
	Tenchi noticed that she liked this, and bit ever
so lightly, putting his tongue into play, trying to 
evoke the most sensation possible.  Sasami, now more
emboldened, worked his boxers off.  It surprised her
when his excited manhood touched her thigh.  Tenchi,
realized what had happened, and blushed brightly. But
in response, he slowly slid the shrine pants she was
wearing off.
	Soon, they were both totally naked.  Sasami's 
head was tilted back, and she was crooning at the 
attention Tenchi was giving her breast.  Her nipples
hardened.
	Sasami embraced him, and they rolled over until
Sasami was on her back.  Tenchi's member touched the
entrance to her sex, and he grew more excited.  
	Sasami moaned at the feeling of his member, and
blushed.  She never knew really how all of this took
place, but so far it was the best thing she'd ever
felt.  Sasami spread her legs, becoming more receptive
to Tenchi.  
	<Okay, this is it..> he thought.  
	Slowly, he pressed forward, allowing his member
to slide slowly into her.  His mouth left her breast
and he kissed her.
	Sasami gasped as he slid in, until he reached
her hymen.  Tenchi pressed forwards, until he tore her,
and she cried out.  He stopped for a moment, and looked
into her eyes.  She nodded slightly, and he continued.
Sasami's body shook as he pressed all the way in, until
she realized he was in up to the hilt.
	Tenchi sighed as he began to slide out again. 
Sasami moaned again.
	Tenchi released his embrace on her, and put his
hands on either side of her.  He began to pump slowly,
causing Sasami's breasts to sway, and her breathing to
come in shallow gasps.
	"Ahh...Ohh......Ahh..ahh...Tenchi..." she gasped.  
	He continued to thrust, now moving slightly faster.
	Sasami cried out louder.  "Ahh!  Tenchi!  Ohh...yes..."
	Sasami looked into her lover's eyes, and pulled him
into a kiss, muffling her next few cries of utter pleasure,
evoked from their passion.  
	Tenchi moved faster, making the bed shake.  Sasami's
love canal gripped him on every entry, spurning greater
speed.  A lock of hair stuck to her forehead by sweat,
Sasami moaned some more.
	"Ahh!  Ahh!  Ahh!  Ohh!  Mmm...Ohh..." her cries became
louder, more urgent.  As Tenchi moved faster and faster,
she felt a strange feeling building up inside.  It felt
like a tightness, begging for release.  And finally, as
Tenchi pumped, the release washed over her.  She climaxed,
crying out louder than before.
	"Ohhhhh!!!  Oh, TENNNCHI!..."
	Tenchi continued to thrust, even as these new feelings
rocked through Sasami, causing her to shiver, but not from
the cold.
	A short while later, as Sasami relished the emotions,
and felt the tightness once again, Tenchi climaxed.
	"Uhnnn..." he moaned.  Sasami felt him stream hot inside
of her, and she climaxed again.  "Ahh!  Ohh...ohhh.....ohh.."
	Tenchi settled down and laid next to her as he slid
out.  They kissed again.
	"I love you, Sasami," he said, just before pulling the
covers over them, and allowing them to sleep.
	Aeka sat in the other room.  Sasami's cries of passion
had awaken her, and she cried miserably, listening, unable
to block out the noises coming from Tenchi's room.
	"Why?  Why?  Why?" she asked continually.  
	Aeka cried herself to sleep, after about two hours.
	Ryoko could hear, too.  She cried, but not as much.  
<At least..> she thought.  <At least Tenchi's happy...as long
as he's happy, I'll survive...>  Nonetheless, she, too, cried
herself to sleep.
	About everyone else in the house heard it, too.  But
they knew better than to check it out.
	Nobuyuki just smiled on hearing it, and went back to 
sleep. 
	Mihoshi sat up in bed, confused.  But she shrugged and
laid back.
	Wasyuu couldn't hear it in her lab, but she knew it
happened by the misery being poured through her link with 
Ryoko.
	She sighed, and tried to say something comforting to
her, but words and thoughts failed her.
	Katsuhito felt a disturbance, which he realized could
be none other than Tsunami's power released as she climaxed.
He shook his head.  If that boy got her pregnant...
	The next morning, Tenchi awoke to see the blue-haired
Sasami in his arms.  No doubt the best wake-up call he'd had
to date.  Things weren't as hard as he thought, last night.
Just somewhat awkward at points.  
	Sasami woke up.  She looked into his eyes, and they 
met with a kiss.  "I suppose I should go make breakfast,"
she said slyly.
	"I don't know...do you need my help?" he responded in 
kind.
	She smiled and sat up.  The sunlight accented her 
curves as she stretched.  Just then, the door slid open.
This startled both of them, as Katsuhito stood there.
Sasami hurriedly grabbed the cover and pulled it over
herself.
	Katsuhito ignored the scene in front of him, and
commented, "Tenchi, you need to tend the fields."
	Tenchi looked over at his clock, only to realize
that it had been knocked off the stand and broken.
	He looked at Katsuhito, but he wasn't there anymore.
Sasami sat there, blushing.  Tenchi reached over and shut
the door.  He stood up and got dressed, as did Sasami.
They left his room.
	No sooner had they crossed the threshold when
Nobuyuki ran up and crushed Tenchi in a hug.  He patted 
him on the back a few times.  
	"Well done!  Now, you're a man!  I'm proud of you,
boy!"
	Tenchi blushed.  "Daaad!!"  Sasami blushed as well,
but hid it better.
	Nobuyuki followed him around for a little while, ranting on 
about manhood, and his new responsibilities, and basically just giving
Tenchi the worst day of his life.  He thought he might blush himself to
death.  He felt embarrased *for* his father, not for himself.
	But soon enough, Nobuyuki realized he had to get to work, so he
left Tenchi and Sasami thankfully alone.  As soon as Nobuyuki was out
of sight, Tenchi and Sasami shared a passionate kiss.  
	*Click!* *WHRRRR*
	Tenchi blinked in the flash as his dad stood there waiting for
the polaroid to develop.  
	Nobuyuki shed tears that said what he couldn't possibly say in
words.
	Finally, he wiped his face, and said:"You know, I keep all of 
these in a special album."
	Tenchi's eyes widened.  "Just *how* many of those pictures do
you have, dad?"
	Nobuyuki looked nervously between them.  "Heh..gottago!" he ran
as fast as he could, flanked by Sasami and Tenchi.  But somehow, he
escaped.  
	"Damn," Tenchi commented, as he watched his dad run down to the
car, and then go top speed. 
	"My, how quickly he runs...and drives!" said Sasami, in almost
perfect imitation of her sister's voice, causing Tenchi to convulse 
with laughter.
	Tenchi put his arm around Sasami, and turned to go back into 
the house as he gazed lovingly into her pink eyes.  They were greeted
no sooner by Ryoko.  Her head was down, hiding her face.
	"Ah!  Ryoko!" said a startled Tenchi.  "I..It's not what you 
think!"
	Ryoko lifted her chin....and revealed her smiling face.  "Yeah,
right, Tenchi!  Are you kidding?  No one got any sleep last night, with
the noise you two made!" she actually laughed.
	Tenchi's face turned bright red, as did Sasami's.  "B-but...
aren't you.."
	She sighed.  "No.  I decided to get over it.  I mean, at least
I can still be around you, right?" she said almost pleadingly.
	Tenchi nodded vigorously.  "Yeah!  By all means!" this was 
very much of a relief for Tenchi, who was secretly worried that all the
other women would leave upon hearing the news. 
	"Umm...where's Aeka?" he asked.  
	"She...didn't take it as well.  I think she might still be
crying."
	Tenchi's face contorted in pain.  Guilt washed over him as he
knew the pain she must have felt.  "I guess I should go say something
to her."
	Ryoko and Sasami let him go, and they went into the kitchen to
start making breakfast.
	Tenchi slid the door open quietly, whispering, "Aeka?"
	Aeka was in her futon, her back to him.  He could hear wracking
sobs, and saw the way she shivered.  Slowly, he walked over and put a
comforting arm around her.  
	"Leave me alone," she said in a voice that was so cold it 
burned.
	He was about to, but something inside told him not to.  "No,"
he said hesitatingly.
	Aeka turned over and sat up.  Her face was a mess.  Her makeup
had run all down her face, her hair was screwed up, and her cheeks were
sticky with dried tears.  But by far the worst thing was the look in
her eyes.

	He saw nothing but complete and utter contempt there.  Nothing
more.
	
	It scared him to see her like this.  It was like some bad dream
where things are turned totally backwards.  Aeka wasn't Aeka anymore.
She was some kind of...of monster.
	"Y...o...u..." she said in a voice that rattled his bones.
	Much to his surprise, Tenchi saw her power logs starting to 
form around him.  But he just looked at her, keeping his face carefully
neutral.  "Aeka, I.."
	*KZZZZAAAAAAAKKKKKKKAAAAAAZZZZZZZZ!*
	Tenchi screamed in pain and fell to his knees as all the power
Aeka could muster coursed through his veins in electrical form.  With
immense strength of will, Tenchi stood, the electricity still racing
up and down his nervous system.  His body convulsed uncontrollably.
But still, he held his ground.  
	Tears were in Aeka's eyes again, and they streaked down her 
cheeks as she kept the energy flowing.  She watched him writhe in pain.
Finally, she couldn't take it anymore.  Aeka fell to her knees, sobbing
loudly and pitifully.
	Tenchi fell to his knees, then landed on his face.  He gritted
his teeth until he felt enough pain had left for him to try standing up
again.  He realized his clothes and hair were smoking, and he could
smell the sickly-sweet odor of charred flesh.  Several scorched patches
of flesh decorated his body.  But he staggered to Aeka and put a
comforting arm around her, trying his best for her sake not to cry out
as his wounds reintroduced themselves.
	Aeka cried the hardest Tenchi had ever thought he'd heard 
someone cry.  He tried to say something, anything, but only a rasping
croak came out.  He couldn't even touch her because of the sensitivity
of his wounds.  Just then, Sasami and Ryoko burst through the door to
see the commotion.  Sasami gasped and put a hand to her mouth.  
Ryoko's eyes widened, then filled with complete, utter, remorseless
rancor.  Her sword was in hand in a second, and she was ready to 
strike Aeka in another.  
	Aeka sat up and prepared herself for the blade that would end
her pain.  But Tenchi stood up the best he could and got between
them.  
	"Get out of the way, Tenchi," said Ryoko icily.
	"Urgghhh...rghp...no...o..." he croaked.
	Aeka cried anew, when she realized the relief was not to come.
Ryoko tried to sidestep him, but again and again he moved in the
way.  Ryoko had tears in her eyes as she backed off.  Tenchi 
fell to the floor, completely worn from the pain.  Physical and 
Mental.
	Sasami ran to his side, and winced at all the wounds she saw.
She held her hands about a centimeter over him, and closed her 
eyes.  A bright blue aura of ki consumed him, and as soon as the
glow subsided, he was totally renewed, except for his scorched 
clothing.  Sasami fell forward, breathing hard.
	Tenchi sat up, picking Sasami up with him.  Tenchi just 
sat there, waiting, as Aeka cried.  After a while, he didn't
know how long, she stopped and looked up.  Aeka feared what she
would see in their eyes.
	Sasami's eyes were a mix of fear and confusion.
	Ryoko's eyes were complete hatred as before.
	Tenchi...Tenchi's eyes were filled with compassion, same as
the day she'd realized she had loved him, back in that shed in
the woods.
	"T-tenchi," she quavered.  "I...I...I have no place here any
longer.  I have committed a serious crime against you, and 
against those I love.  I'm afraid I must leave, as soon as 
possible."
	"No!  No, don't leave!  I don't hate you, Aeka!" his
voice was almost desperate.
	"Tenchi!  What are you doing?!  She tried to kill you!
I say letting her go is much too merciful for her, anyway!"
said Ryoko.
	Tenchi ignored her as Aeka spoke.  "I cannot.  I shall
be lucky if I'm not tried for treason in the royal courts."
	Tenchi took her hand and held her fast.  "Aeka.." he
said apprehensively.
	But she pulled away.  "No.  I must go, and there is
nothing you can say or do that will make me stay.  I have
duties to get to."
	She stood up and walked away.  When she noticed Tenchi
coming for her, she ran.  "Azaka!  Kamidake!" she cried.
	"Yes ma'am!" two voices replied, and the wooden 
Juraian guardians blocked the hall with their forcefields.
Tenchi was about to destroy them, but they disappeared in
a green flash.  He ran down the hall past them, but Aeka
was nowhere to be seen.  
	Aeka ran through Wasyuu's lab, trying to find the
scientist.  "Wasyuu!" she called.  
	Aeka found the diminutive genius asleep at her holo-
top.  She grasped Wasyuu and shook her awake.  "Wasyuu!
I need Ryu-oh, now!"
	"Waah!" yelled Wasyuu, totally taken by surprise at
this intrusion.  "Huh?  What?"
	"I said, get Ryu-oh online NOW!"
	"Umm, just go through that door, it's ready now.  
But remember, it's still young!"
	Wasyuu indicated a door hanging in midair.  Aeka
ran through without a second thought.
	Tenchi and the rest busted into Wasyuu's lab not
a second after, and they ran up to Wasyuu.
	"Where's Aeka?!" 
	"She went to Ryu-oh, why?"  
	"She's trying to leave!"
	Wasyuu stared blankly for a moment.  "Oh, okay.
Is that all?"
	"What do you mean, 'Is that all?!'"
	"Well, she's not leaving if I don't want her to."
	Suddenly, a loud rumbling echoed through the lab.
A monitor screen popped up, and showed the area above
the lake.  A rift opened, and the Ryu-oh's graceful 
form slid from within the darkness.  
	"Huh?!  How'd she do that?!" exclaimed Wasyuu.
	The view zoomed in to show Azaka and Kamidake
holding the portal open for her.  As soon as the Ryu-oh
was free, they disappeared, summoned into the ship. 
Tenchi got outside just in time to see a star streak
across the night sky.  Tears blurred his vision as he
watched her go.
	"Goodbye..Aeka," he said.
	
	Tenchi reflected on these events about three
months later.  
	"Manatsu no ebu...wasurenai..." he said slowly.  
The school wasn't rebuilt yet.  So, as Autumn made
itself known, there was nothing but chores to be
done.
	Sasami came out to see Tenchi sitting on the
porch, watching leaves fall.  "Still remembering
what happened over summer?" said Sasami, trying her
best not to reopen old wounds.  
	"Yeah...I still miss her.  I just wish...that there
was something I could've done..."
	"We all do, Tenchi.  But there's nothing that
could have been done."
	"But I ask myself over and over again if that is true.  I keep
feeling as if there was still something..."
	He and Sasami remained silent for a while, listening to the
symphony of insects as evening settled in.
	"Tenchi."
	"Yes?"
	"I...I have something to tell you."
	"What's that?"
	"I'm pregnant."
	Tenchi stared at her blankly for a while.  Sasami just looked
at him.  It became evident after a few minutes that he wasn't going
to move.  She reached out and touched him.  "Tenchi?"
	He fell backwards, unconscious.  Sasami sighed.  She pressed
a finger to his forehead, and he popped awake in a second. 
	"Ugh...what happened?  Ohh...so...so is a boy or a girl?"
	"Wasyuu says we're having a son."
	Tenchi smiled, tears touching the corners of his eyes.  He
blinked them away and hugged Sasami, kissing her.  They sat kissing,
only the stars watching from above provided a testament to their
eternal love.
===================================================================
Well, I finished the short serie.  There is no way in hell that I 
am going to write a story about Sakuya, so yes, this is the last.
But, good news for you NNFSC readers, I'm going to try and write
the next chapter of my most neglected series.  Thanks for 
reading!!
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41 
	 
	

	
