Episode 5: No Need For Ryo

Masaki Home, 7:47 a.m.

"I wonder what’s taking Ryo and Nagi so long. They left a good seven hours
ago." Said Kiyone.

"Maybe they had a whole bunch of stuff to take care of." Mihoshi said in
reply.

BEEEP, BEEEP, BEEEP!!!

"Someone’s calling on emergency frequency!" Kiyone ran out to Yagami to get
the best frequency on the ships comm-link. "Who’s calling? NAGI!!?? What’s
happening, where’s Ryo!?!"

"His ship exploded, I don’t think he made it. We’re under attack, but I
can’t see the enemy. I need your help!" Nagi said as the comm-line was cut
off.

"Oh no! I’ve got to go help them!" Kiyone activated Yagami and blasted off
into space. But, she apparently forgot her partner, Mihoshi!

"Kiyone!!! Where are you going without me!!!??? Kiyone!!!???" Mihoshi yelled
to no avail.

Tenchi ran out next followed by everyone else.

"Where’s she going Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked.

"I don’t know, she just blasted off all of a sudden without me! Ryouko!!!
Let’s use Ryo-oh-ki and go after her!!!" Mihoshi said almost hysterically.

"Just use your comm-watch!" Ryouko said.

"I can’t. It’s broken again!!! Get Ryo-oh-ki!!!"

Ryouko went to get Ryo-oh-ki, whom was sitting on the porch last time she
checked. But when she got there Ryo-oh-ki wasn’t looking too well.

"Come on Ryo-oh-ki. We’ve got to go find Kiyone so that I don’t have to
listen to Mihoshi’s whining. Ryo-oh-ki?"

Ryo-oh-ki was out cold. Despite Ryouko’s best efforts, she wouldn’t wake up.

"What the hell’s wrong with you?" Ryouko yelled.

Meanwhile, back on Yagami...

"Almost there, huh!?!?" Nagi appeared on the screen. "Nagi what happened?!?"

"Thanks for coming Kiyone, I’m done here. You’ve served your purpose, now,
good-bye."

Nagi disappeared off the screen and Yagami was hit with a blast. In the main
engine. Yagami’s master alarm started blaring, much in the same way
Takegami’s had.

"Nagi, what are you doing!!!!??? Stop firing!!!" Kiyone yelled. Nobody
answered, Nagi had done blasted away. "I’ve got to shut down the system! The
engine’s gonna explode if I don’t hurry!" Kiyone pressed a few buttons on
the panel and the engine shut down. But there was another problem, the
reactor was leaking fuel and the main engine was seriously damaged. "What do
I do now? I don’t know how to fix a problem that bad. I wish that Washu were
here."

"Will I do, Kiyone?" A voice said out of nowhere.

"What the?!?"

Kiyone looked on the screen to see a glowing mass outside of the ship. It
had what appeared to be, three Lighthawk Wings!!! From inside the mass there
was a human figure.

"Did you miss me Kiyone?" The figure said telepathically.

"Ryo????!!!!????"

End of episode 5
