EPISODE 6: NO NEED FOR HELP

On Ken-oh-ki:

"Now that those two are out of the way, all I need to do is get rid of that
Tenchi guy and Ryouko will be mine. I said that I would be the one to take
Ryouko and so I shall."

Back on Yagami:

"Ryo! It is you! But how, how did you survive? You’re in space, but you’re
alive. Your hair’s blonde. You look just like an angel. But how?"

"Ummm, let me in and I’ll tell you. I can’t quite fly through the hull of
the ship."

Kiyone opens up a pressure lock and Ryo enters in. Kiyone runs down to meet
him.

"Ryo, you’re glowing. You are Jurian royalty. This proves it. Only the Jurai
Royal Family can generate Lighthawk Wings."

"Kiyone, there’s something that I should tell you. When I was young, my
parents were killed by Kagato."

"I know."

"That’s not it though. Because of that attack, I lost most of my memory.
That attack is all that I remember from my childhood with my family. I was
wandering around Jurai with that and my name as my only memories. Then one
day, I decided to join the Galaxy Police to hunt down Kagato and avenge my
parent’s death. I dyed my hair teal and changed my name to conceal my
identity. A few years passed and I was still trying to find Kagato. One day,
the post I was at was attacked by Kagato. I saw my chance to get him. I
jumped into a GP fighter and just as I was about to take off, a blast hit my
engine a blew the fighter up. The blast threw me out of the cockpit. I was
hurt pretty bad. I managed to get up and run to a safe place. I sat there,
waiting for it to end. As I watched things blow up, I saw my C.O. run for
where I was, yelling "watch out". I looked up to see a big, flaming
structure falling towards me. My C.O. tripped and fell at my feet. I
couldn’t run, so I just prepared to meet my end and focused really hard to
prepare for my death. Then all of a sudden, I felt a huge power surge
through me and then explode out. It destroyed the part of the structure that
was falling towards us. My C.O. saw my power and realized that I was Jurian
royalty. After explaining to him my situation he promised to keep it a
secret. He made that secret file that you read last night and added to it
everything that he could find out about my past. He assigned me a trainer so
that I could learn to control my Jurai power so that I could one day get
Kagato. Then, not to long ago, I learned that he had been killed by Tenchi.
This ended my quest for revenge. I then sought out information about Tenchi
and those in residence with him. I learned of his power and royal lineage. I
learned about you and Mihoshi, Washu, Ryouko, and Aeka. I was so interested
in your file. I studied your techniques and strategies. I also noticed that
you’ve had pretty bad luck with Mihoshi as your partner. I’ve learned that
you’re very talented as a detective and person, you just have really bad
luck. I guess that I studied you so much that I kinda developed some sort of
a crush on you. If it seems like I’m coming on to you just ignore me. I
guess that’s all I have to say."

Kiyone just kinda stood there for a minute. She didn’t know what to say. It
was like everything was one big blur.

"Well, Kiyone, I guess that we better get to repairing the engines so that
we can get back to Earth and stop Nagi from whatever she planning."

"Yeah, I guess. But could please you turn off your light now? It’s kinda
bright."

"Sure, I guess that I don’t need to be powered up now." Ryo said as he
powered down.

"And Ryo, about that crush. Just don’t worry about it." Kiyone said. She
wanted to continue but she couldn’t think of anything to say.

"Let’s just get to work on that engine." Ryo said as they beagn to walk
through the ship. "Nice going Ryo, she probably won’t want to talk to you
for a while. Why in the world did you tell her about you liking her? Well,
she didn’t seem too upset about it. Maybe you stand a chance with her." Ryo
thought to himself.

Meanwhile, back on Earth...

"Where’s Kiyone?!? I miss her!!! What if she’s in trouble?!? Agghhhh, I
can’t stand to think about it! WAAAAHHHHHH!!!" Mihoshi began to start
crying. Tenchi walked over to her and put his hands on her shoulders.

"Mihoshi, don’t worry about Kiyone. She probably went off to help Ryo and
Nagi. She can take care of herself." Tenchi said calmly to Mihoshi.

Mihoshi just raised her head up and looked Tenchi in his eyes. She just
locked eyes with him and then just leaned forward and put her head on his
chest and hugged him. Tenchi, kind of surprised by this, just hugged back.

"She’s just the best friend that I ever had. I can’t let her get hurt."
Mihoshi said emotionally in Tenchi’s arms. "Tenchi, please don’t let go of
me! I need you now! Please just hold me." Mihoshi said suddenly, with tears
running down her cheeks.

Tenchi was really worried about Mihoshi now. He had never seen her in this
way before. She was so serious and worrisome, a complete change from her
usual happy-go-lucky and enthusiastic self. He had a strange feeling, like
he could feel her emotions. There was another unusual feeling, an
unfamiliar, warm feeling. He slid his hand under her chin and raised her
head up. Their eyes were locked again. "Mihoshi, don’t worry, I won’t let
go" Tenchi said as Mihoshi tearfully smiled back at him.

This situation didn’t go unnoticed by the four other girls, who were still
trying to wake up Ryo-oh-ki. Washu and Sasami looked at Tenchi and Mihoshi
with a kind of confused but happy look. Aeka and Ryouko looked at this in
shock.

Aeka said softly to herself, "Tenchi".

Ryouko just disappeared and reappeared in the kitchen. She just grabbed an
apple and began to eat it, "And I thought she wasn't straight" she said
quietly to herself.

All of a sudden, a spaceship landed in the back yard. It was Ken-oh-ki.

Sasami yelled, "Nagi’s back!".

Tenchi and Mihoshi broke off the embrace to go see Nagi, followed by
everyone else.

"Nagi! Where’s Kiyone and Ryo?!? Are they okay?!?" Mihoshi asked
frantically.

Nagi grinned a little and said, "They’ve both been called back to HQ.
They’ll be gone for few weeks. Everything went fine on the mission. Just a
small gang of space pirates looking for Ryouko.

"Why does EVERYTHING keep leading back to ME!!!" Ryouko said quite angrily.

End of Episode 6

(Okay, okay. I know that there hasn't been any lemony/lime parts yet. But
the next chapter will change that, trust me.)
