Tenchi Muyo Neo

EPISODE 4: NO NEED FOR TRUST

"Yes, my only family left. My mother and father were killed when Kagato was
attacking Jurai. Ever since I’ve done everything possible to protect
everyone close to me including yourselves. That’s why I joined the Galaxy
Police in the first place."

Ryo had to finish there, an emergency call came in from HQ...

"Calling Detective Ryoshin, come in..." An officer said on the interspace,
tele-communication watch on his wrist.

"Detective Ryoshin here, go ahead HQ."

"Detective, we need you to investigate a disturbance in sector 3105 of
the 99118 area. Detective Nagi will be joining you as backup. Hurry up and
proceed with your mission, that is all."

"Well Ryo, it looks we have a job to do." Nagi said appearing out of
nowhere.

"Damn, Let’s go Nagi. We’ll be back in a few hours guys." Ryo said as he and
Nagi left. Ryo in Takegami and Nagi in Ken-Ohki.

Aeka walks out of the door, awakened by the noise. Kiyone gave her a brief
explanation of what they had found. "I hope he comes back soon. He has to
know more, I have so many questions." Said Aeka

"That makes two of us" Kiyone thought to herself.

The two ships lifted off the ground, blowing dust all over the place.

"I’ll remember to park a little further away from the house next time" Ryo
said over the ship’s external intercom.

Within seconds the two ships were gone.

About 3 hours later--Near Area 99118--sector 3105

"Beginning thermal scan, all systems functioning, readout says that there is
nothing here. Very strange, isn’t it Nagi?...Nagi?...Come in Nagi do you
read me Nagi? Where are you Nagi?" Said Ryo.

The main emergency alert suddenly comes on, "Emergency, emergency!!!
High-energy thermal blast approaching at high speed from behind."

"What the!?!?!?..." Booooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmm!!!! It was too late. An
explosion rocks the ship and the master alarm goes off.

"Damn it! Engines 1,3,4,5, and 7 are gone, weapons system off-line, main
reactor exlosion is imminent! Incoming message!!!???"

"Looks like this is it for you Ryo, too bad, you were a nice kid too..."

"Nagi!!!! Why? Why in the hell did you do this?"

"I told you from the start, I work alone. You don’t need to know anything
else. Bye-bye now Ryo" Nagi’s message ends and the screen goes black.

"Damn you Nagi!!! Reactor explosion in t-minus 30, 29, 28... Oh no! What do
I do now? Gotta think fast! 25, 24, 23... Really fast! Damn, where’s that
button. 10, 9 , 8, 7, 6.. Here it is!!!" Ryo presses the button just as the
count reaches 2. "Phew... That was close. I’m glad that I remembered where
the reactor shutdown button was." Shutdown failed, communication broken,
reactor explosion in 2, 1 "Oh God, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!"

"Focus Ryo, You musn’t die now, your not done yet." "Who is that... Wait now
I understand!"

KAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM.

Takegami disappears in a massive explosion........

"Nice knowin ya kid,
hhhaaaaahhhhaaaaaa.....haaaaaaahhhhaaaaaaahhhhaaaaaaahhhaaaa"

END OF EPISODE 4