EPISODE 2:No Need For Battle

"Nagi what are you doing here? Why do you still pursue me?"

"Didn’t Ryoshin tell you? I’m a Galaxy Police officer now. I have no reason
to hunt you anymore Ryouko so don’t be afraid of me."

Everyone was a little shocked to hear that Nagi had become a member of the
Galaxy Police. After she was the most dangerous bounty hunter in the
universe. Of course Kiyone had a few questions.

"But Nagi you were a bounty hunter why the sudden change?"

"After Ryouko was no longer considered space pirate by everyone there was no
money to be collected with her head. So, there was just no thrill in being a
bounty hunter with no big game."

"Geesh... I don’t know if I should be relieved or defensive."

"Ryouko, I can’t blame you for your feelings about me. But, I won’t bother
you as long as you don’t break the law. But, the moment that you slip up all
bets are off."

"Nagi, or rather Detective Nagi, just one more question. Where is your
uniform? It’s Galaxy Police policy to be in uniform when reporting to one’s
assignment."

"Oh, you mean this?"

Nagi throws off her trademark black cape to reveal a custom made G.P.
Uniform. Still there was here sword attached to her belt. She had no visible
holster with a gun so it was assumed that her sword was her only weapon
(yeah like she would need anything else).

"Wow! Now that’s impressive. Kiyone how come my uniform isn’t custom
designed?"

"Mihoshi if you had it your way, your uniform would be a Sailor Moon outfit.
HQ just couldn’t see an officer in that. It would be an embarrassment."

"Oh yeah I forgot." Mihoshi innocently smiles ^_^

Sasami speaks up. "Where’s Ken-oh-ki? Ryo-oh-ki really wants to see him."

"Better yet, where’s Ryo-oh-ki?"

(Tenchi) "They’re both over there."

Everybody looks over by Ryoshin’s ship to see the two cabbit lovers sharing
a carrot.

(Grandfather) "Welcome you two. You’re welcome to stay in the house if you
want. There’s plenty of room for two more.

"Thank you very much. I’ll take you up in your offer."

"No thanks. I appreciate your offer but I’ll sleep in Takegami till I get a
good feel for my surroundings."

"Well in that case Ryoshin I’ll prepare a spot for you in case you decide to
change your mind. But please come in and have something to eat."

"Thank you."

About an hour later...8:07

"Will you have some more tea Nagi? Ryoshin?"

"No thank you, it’s time that we go on patrol. Ready Nagi?"

Ryoshin and Nagi leave to go on patrol. Nagi on Ken-oh-ki, Ryoshin on
Takegami

"Well, quite an odd team them two." Said Mihoshi.

"Yeah sure is. I’m gonna check our official orders from HQ."

Kiyone goes out to Yagami to check the orders.

"What do you mean he was placed out here because he asked. Since when does
an officer get placed where they asked to be placed?" Said a rather confused
Kiyone.

"Detective Sergeant Kiyone, I can understand your confusion, but HQ figured
that with your record you could use a little extra help just in case of a
major emergency. Also, I understand that you are in residence at the house
of Yosho and Tenchi."

"Yes, we’re only here till we can get a new apartment since we were thrown
out of the last one."

"And why was that?"

"Mihoshi accidentally forgot to turn off the gas and ended up blowing the
place up. Man this is embarrassing telling the Captain this."

"Well I’ve assigned them there to assist you with your duties and also to
protect Yosho, Tenchi, Princess’s Aeka and Sasami in case of any major
emergency. Detectives Ryoshin and Nagi are our very best new recruits. I
trust that there won’t be any problems so until further notice HQ out."

Screen turns off.

"Well that sure is something. I guess it’s official. Huh?" Kiyone turns
around to see Ryoshin leaning against the wall.

"Did you think I was lying to you Kiyone? Don’t worry, you can trust me with
anything."

"I just wanted to check HQ’s official orders and learn more about your
assignment. By the way, don’t you trust us? Why aren’t you going to stay in
the house with Nagi and the rest of us?"

"I told you earlier, I want to get a feel for my surroundings before I
decide on my housing arrangements. Okay? It’s not that I don’t trust you."

"I understand. Just remember that you’re welcome in the Masaki household any
time since Grandfather has invited you."

"Thank you." Ryoshin begins walking away. "Oh yeah, one more thing... Keep
Mihoshi away from Takegami. I don’t want to lose my brand new patrol ship on
account of her...incompetence."

Ryoshin walks out of Yagami and heads into the house.

"Man he sure got done with patrol quickly. I guess with two ships that would
be pretty easy. Still, I think I should look into his background some more.
I suppose I should check the Galaxy Police personnel files."

Kiyone accesses the computer files...

"Here it is." :

Name: Ryoshin Junsui

Age: 20

Sex: Male

Rank: Detective First Class

Assignment: Special Investigation Unit 9

Years with Galaxy Police: 6 months

Honors: Distinguished Cadet, First in cadet class, Honorable Officer Cross

End

"Wow that’s impressive. Just one more thing."

"What is his previous history?"

Please enter access code: .........

"Huh? Enter access code? Why is it asking for an access code for such
standard information? I guess this must be some type of top secret document,
but why? Why would his previous history be such a big deal that they had to
make it available only to certain important people? Maybe I can figure the
code out. Let’s see..."

Kiyone begings typing in random things that are in some sort of way related
to Ryoshin.

"Nagi...nope. Takegami...nope. Ryoshin...nothing. Man what could it be? Wait
a minute! Maybe Washu can figure it out!"

10 minutes later...

"Kiyone I can’t figure it out. Why I don’t know! Come on, I’m only the
greatest scientist in the universe, so why?!?" Said a frustrated Washu.
"I’ll just leave the decoding machine on for the night. You better get some
rest."

Unnoticed bt Washu nor Kiyone, Mihoshi entered the ship.

"Umm guys what are you two doing out here so late? Are you doing something
on the system?" Said a rather curious Mihoshi.

"We’re trying to figure out what Ryoshin’s past was like but there’s an
encrypted password that neither of us can crack it." Said Washu again.

(With her usual extremely happy face) She said, "Well can I try? Maybe I can
get it."

Kiyone and Washu exchanged looks. Why not? The worst thing that could happen
would be that Mihoshi would find some way to blow up the control panel by
her random typing.

Kiyone said very hesitantly, "Sure, go right ahead."

"Thanks Kiyone (^_^)!" Mihoshi was in a rather excited mood. She had very
few if any chances to have fun decoding things. "Umm...let’s see...how
about..." Mihoshi sat there for a good fifteen minutes until... "I’ve got
it!"

Kiyone and Washu looked rather startled at this since they were almost
asleep.

"I don’t why I didn’t think of this earlier! It’s so clear to me now!" Said
the very confident Mihoshi.

"What is it Mihoshi! Did you decide on something?"

"Yeah! Now I’ll just type it in..."

<whipped cream>

"And ENTER!!!"

<Access Denied!>

"Aww and I thought that I was so close too"

"What an airhead!" Kiyone thoght to herself. "I’m going to bed. Mihoshi,
please don’t blow anything up!"

Kiyone left, then Washu.

"Well now that they’re gone, who’s gonna help me with the password?" Mihoshi
was quite confused, she put so much effort into to thinking whipped cream
was the password.

"KMRJJRF" a voice said from the dark behind her.

She turned to look but saw no one.

Suddenly it clicked! "Yeah maybe that’s it."

So she typed in KMRJJRF.

<ACCESS GRANTED>

End of Episode 2



C&C ?  e-mail me at zm06@webtv.net.

I don't own Tenchi Universe, Tenchi Muyo, Tenchi In Tokyo, or any of the
characters therin. They belong to their respective creators and owners and
not to me (one day though, one day...)
