TENCHI UNIVERSE NEO

EPISODE 1-No Need For Introductions!

Galaxy Police Headquarters

"Captain I thank you for giving me this assignment. I will do my best to
protect and serve under the command of Detective Sergeants Kiyone and
Mihoshi. I will leave as soon as possible"

"Good, proceed immediately Detective Ryoshin. We have prepared a new patrol
ship for you. They are not expecting you so don’t be surprised if they’re a
little confused."

The Masaki Household 6:17 P.M.

"Tenchi, Tenchi. Where are you Tenchi?"

"Ryouko I’m over here. What is it?"

"I just wanted to know if you wanted to go with me for a walk in the woods,
alone, later."

(sweatdrop) "Uh Ryouko I have some chores to do later. So I guess it’ll have
to wait."

"Ah Tenchi come on. The chores can wait, we’ll only be gone for a few
hours."

"Oh no you don’t Ryouko! I’ll will not permit you to be alone with Lord
Tenchi for one minute and certainly not for a few hours."

"Aeka, Tenchi and me are meant for each other. You’ll just have to accept
that fact (grinning and hugging Tenchi)."

"Arrrggghhh... Get away from him you pesky person."

"Tenchi, Aeka, Ryouko! Dinner is ready!"

Together, "Coming Sasami!"

6:38 P.M.

"Man that was good. I can’t wait till dessert."

"Grandfather, do we still have to train today? It is getting kind of late."

"Yes Tenchi. You must learn the ways of Juraian swordsmanship while your
still young."

"Mihoshi we must be getting ready to go on patrol. We still have a job to
do."

"I know Kiyone. But can’t we just wait just a little longer? Cardcaptor
Sakura is coming on! I don’t want to miss it. Please Kiyone!"

"Fine I"ll go alone. Why did I get stuck with such a lazy, immature
partner?"

A few minutes later...

"All right I ‘m off. I"ll be back in a couple of hours."

Kiyone walks out the door and heads for Yagami. All of a sudden she see’s a
big sillouhette on the ground. She turns to see a Galaxy Police patrol ship
flying over the mountain and coming in for a landing. About a minute later
it lands by Yagami.

"What is this doing here? I wonder who it is."

Everybody runs out of the house to see what’s going on. They stop by Kiyone.

"Who is that Kiyone?"

"I don’t know. But whoever it is they’re with the Galaxy Police. Maybe
they’ve come back to reassign me to HQ!"

A door opens on the ship and out walks a young man of about 23 years of age.

"Detective Sergeant Kiyone and Mihoshi?"

"Yes, that’s us. Who are you?"

"I am Detective First Class Ryoshin Junsui of the Galaxy Police Special
Investigation Unit 9."

(sarcastically) "That sure was a brief introduction. And why are you here?"
Said a rather irritated Ryouko, who was getting pretty tired of Galaxy
Police officers just showing up unannounced.

"Space pirate Ryouko, I’ll try to ignore you’re sarcasm and finish my
introduction. I’ve been assigned to this solar system as a new patrol
officer to assist detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi."

"Whaaaattt!? Haven’t they figured out that we don’t do much out here? What
did you do to get this assignment? Crash into HQ, accidentally spill coffee
all over the Chief, get blamed for starting a coup d’ tat?" Said a rather
frustrated Kiyone.

"I asked to be assigned here."

(collectively) "Whhhaaatttt!? You asked to be assigned here, why?"

"I’ve always admired your work Detective Kiyone. I’ve always wanted to work
with the person who was known as ‘the brightest star in the Galaxy Police’.
My new partner was also very excited about working here in earth’s solar
system, especially knowing that the space pirate Ryouko would be here."

"Why does everything eventually lead back to me? I’m not even into crime any
more, so stop calling me a space pirate! By the way, who is this partner of
yours and why is he so interested in me?’

"Well first of all my partner isn’t a ‘he’ she’s a woman.and she’s standing
right behind you Ryouko."

"Huh?"

Ryouko turns around and then there is a collective gasp after seing who she
is.

"Hello Ryouko, long time no see."

Ryouko was shocked to see that it was the one who had pursued her for so
long. The one who she had been so afraid.

"Nagi? It can’t be. No it can’t be."

END OF EPISODE ONE!

Next Episode: Episode 2, No Need For Battle.
