EPISODE 3

NO NEED FOR SECRETS!

"Yay I got in! But wait, who said that? Heellloooo? Anyone here?" Said an
excited but confused Mihoshi.

"Over here, Mihoshi." Said a low voice from the darkness in the entryway to
the bridge.

"Who, who are you?" Mihoshi said, near crying from fear.

"Don’t worry Mihoshi it’s only me. Go ahead and read the file, I have
nothing to hide from you guys."

Mihoshi turned to read the Galaxy Police data on the screen. All of a sudden
a look of utter amazement came over her face.

Secret Data: File 0815

Actual Name: Ryo

Height: 180 cm

Eye Color: Ice Blue

Hair Color:Blonde

Blood Type: A Positive

Actual Age: 800

Physical Age: 20

Weight: 185 lbs.

Place of Birth: Jurai

Parents: Unknown

Family: Supposed that he could be related to the Jurai Royal Family

Social Status: N/A

Personal Information: Found as a young abandoned boy, Ryo became an
apprentice detective. He has special abilities, the origin of which is
unknown. He saved his commanding officer by using his powers when his post
was attacked. He’s very friendly and very cautious. He always assesses the
situation before proceeding with anything.

End of File

"Wow I never would have guessed that was the password..." Mihoshi said.

The person in the dark (Ryo) does the appropriate facevault and leaves
Yagami. Mihoshi still in Yagami at the computer still not realizing what she
had found.

"Well I guess Washu and Kiyone will be happy to know what the password is.
Hey wait a minute..." Mihoshi sits there for a minute and then she really
understands what this was. "Ryoshin is actually someone named Ryo and he’s
from Jurai? I better tell Washu and Kiyone right away!"

Mihoshi runs into the house wakes up Kiyone, drags her downstairs, leaves
her on the couch by the doors where she falls back asleep, runs into Washu’s
pseudo-space lab wakes her up and drags her out to the couch.

"Come on you guys you have to see what I found out about Ryoshin. Come on
hurry!"

Mihoshi runs outside not noticing that she was the only one who came out.
About five minutes later, she realizes this and drags both Kiyone and Washu
out to the bridge of Yagami. As soon as they get to the computer, Mihoshi,
exhausted, falls asleep right in one of the seats. Meanwhile, Kiyone wakes
up and notices that she’s in Yagami. She takes a quick look around and sees
Mihoshi passed out and Washu starting to wake up. Then she looks over at the
screen and sees something written on it.

"I wonder what that could be? Hey what am I doing out here? I was asleep."

"Kiyone (yawns) what are we doing out here?" Washu said fully waking up.

"Beats me. What’s that on the screen?"

"Hmmm...from here it looks like a file to me. Let’s have a look."

Washu walks up to the screen followed by Kiyone. It doesn’t take long to
figure out what it is.

"My gosh, I can’t believe it. It’s incredible, extraordinary, iimpossible!"
exclaimed Washu.

"What is it Washu? Something important?"

"Yeah Mihoshi actually figured the code out without destroying anything in
the process. I think she over-exerted herself trying to figure it out. Oh,
by the way, here’s Ryoshin’s seceret file."

Washu walks out of Yagami and heads back to her bed. Kiyone, of course,
rushes to the control panel to read the file.

About 3 minutes later...

"Jurai? Related to the Royal Family? Special powers? Saving his C.O.? Well,
I guess that explains he getting whatever assignment he wants. Should I tell
the others? I’ll talk to Ryoshin about this tomorrow..."

"Why not now Kiyone?"

Kiyone turns around to see Ryoshin standing in the entrance to the bridge.

"Ry...Ryoshin? What are you doing here?"

"I knew you guys would try and find out all the information about me that
you could."

"But why the big secret? Why hide who you really are? You could be Jurian
royalty. And why did you chose to come here? What’s your purpose?"

"I chose to be what I am because there is no need for more successors to the
throne of Jurai. I hide who I am because that’s not the life I want to live.
There is no fun in being royalty, no action, no fun. As for why I chose to
come here, I wanted to protect the true heirs to the throne, since they
could be the only family I have left."

"Your only family left?"

END OF EPISODE 3