Tenchi Myuo Lemon by: Jason P Peters


Title: Twin Warriors

Disclaimer: they are property of AIC and Pioneer so Please don't sue me some 
of the characters are mine as well >.> well one...heh :P Also Soon there 
will Be Sexual Content...next Chapter.

Author Note: Please don't judge me to Harshly...my first and plus i can't 
think of many good jokes so i went with action hehe and aslo spelling 
mistakes probly sorry i don't have any spell checkers no good programs >.< 
*kicks his comp* Please enjoy tho :)


	A normal boy was sitting watching TV when all of a sudden a rift in space 
and time or so thought opened and sucked that boy in to it when he appeared 
on the other side he say a small looking child with spiky red hair and 
wearing some weird futurisc looking cothes.

Girl: aha! wait...who are you?
Boy: My name is Jason
Girl:.........You look like someone i know....
(Trasformed into a Anime looking person he now has Soft Brown Eyes Brown 
slightly spiky hair wearing a brown and light brown clothes almost exsact 
looking copy of Tenchi but with blond Streaks in his hair)Jason: WOAH?! WHAT 
HAPPENED TO ME WHERE AM I?!
Girl: Well your in my Science Lab in another Dimention...
Jason: Oh My God! i know where i am i know who you are i watched you 
i....tv....
Girl: ?
Jason: Never Mind.....your Washu.....
Washu:How did you know?
Jason: don't worry about that how did i get here?
Washu: I was testing my Dimentional Gate way! and you Appeared! Wow you look 
like Tenchi....
Jason: ?!
Washu: Yeah hes the one all of the women here are in love with.....i'm 
afaird
Jason: no no no i am human from real world how do i look like this (looking 
in a Mirror)

	Washu starts working on a slightly invisible computer as a chair appears 
underneath Jason.

Jason (falling into chair): Woah Whats going on now?
Washu: A few Check ups (Smiling)
Jason: ...?
Washu (pushes a couple buttons as the chair turns into a Table): A ...Few 
nice Tests (smiling evily putting on gloves coming towards Jason)
Jason: OH NO!! (Runs out Door running into a Purple Haired Girl)
Purple Haired Girl: AHH (falling)
Jason (still standing as the Door Closes): OH SORRY!

	The purple haired girl looks up at Jason he eyes Open Wide

Purple Haired Girl: TENCHI?
Jason: No i'm Jason
Purple Haired Girl: ?
Jason: yeah i know i look like tenchi.....
Purple haired Girl: I'm Ayeka
Jason: yes i know (helping her up)
Ayeka: Why thank you (stands)
Jason: yeah i got here somehow threw...some machine in Washu's Place....
Ayeka: yeah i know...shes always messing around with that kinds of stuff....
Jason: you would never think she is a Goddess....
Ayeka: what?
Jason: Never mind....
Ayeka: you...really look like Tenchi

	A Weird Noise is heard as Jason Knows who that probly is.....

Jason: Ryoko....
Ryoko: Hey How did you know tenchi?
Jason: i'm not tenchi (turning to face her)
Ryoko: what are you talken about your him what you do to your hair Tenchi?
Jason: I'm Not Tenchi and this is my Hair Color I am Jason!
Ryoko: You wanna play huh?
Ayeka: LEAVE HIM ALONE RYOKO!
Ryoko: Why don't you mind you own Buisness Princess!
Jason ( slowly walking away ) : heh....umm...yeah (runs)
Ryoko: See what you did Ayeka!
Ayeka: IT WAS YOUR FAULT I WAS TALKEN TO HIM YOU RUDE DEMON!
Ryoko: WELL YOUR A SNOTTY PRINCESS!

	A small Pink Eyes Blue Haired with a weird Pig tailed Hair comes up to the 
both of them.

Sasami: STOP FIGHTING! Jeeze...(notices Jason slowly stoping near the couch 
seeing Mihoshi and Kiyone on the Couch)
Ryoko: .....(disappears)
Ayeka: Rude....(walks off)

	The Blue Haired Girl walks over to Jason

Sasami: Hi...Who are you?
Jason: ....you know i'm not Tenchi?
Sasami: you look like him but Tenchi usely gets caught up in there fights...
Jason (scraching his head acting weirdly like Tenchi): heh i think i relized 
what would happen and i ran.....over her
Sasami: Whats your name?
Jason: Jason
Sasami(smiling): HI I'M SASAMI!
Jason: Hi
Mishoshi: Hi Tenchi.
	(Jason Anime Falls)
Jason: you know what i'm gonna wait till tenchi comes home to Expain to 
her...
Sasami: yeah...i understand...
Jason: ahh i need somewhere to relax this is all to much for me....i get 
trasported here out of no where then almost get caught in one of Ryoko&Ayeka 
Fights.....(making noise ugh...)
Sasami: why don't you go Relax at the Oisen?
Jason: Good idea...wait where is it?
Sasami (smiling): I'll show you Ten....i mean Jason.
Jason: ok

	The Scene Changes to Tenchi coming back from School wearing Black clothes 
whistling a slight tune wondering if Ryoko will come greet him today and How 
she will.

Tenchi: hmm...wonder what happened today....a few blown out windows....maybe 
Ryoki Ate all the Carrots again....

	Strangly Tenchi comes home with out Ryoko Appearing to greet him.....

Tenchi: that was werid...wheres Ryoko? (opens the slideing door) I'm Home!
Mishoshi: Oh Hi again Tenchi!
Tenchi: Hi again? hmm...Hi....
Kiyone: Oh hey Tenchi Come on Bubble Head its time for work
Mishoshi: Aww Space Police Police men was just coming on!
Kiyone: TAPE IT!
Mishoshi: K!
Tenchi(Sweat Drop): So where is everyone?
Kiyone: Ryoko and Ayeka Faught and walked off...and Sasami...went to the 
Oisen
Tenchi: Thanx...(heads to the Oisen to see sasami to see what happened)

	Scene Changes to Sasami looking away talking to Jason in the Oisen(Bath who 
made this thing anyway?)

Jason: hmm......yeah so thats my  life story up to now pretty boring 
compaired to what you've been threw...
Sasami: Yeah it does seem Pretty Boring......but i'd Rather have that....
Jason: heh once you'd get it you'd miss the adventuist life you've led...
Sasami: yeah i guess...(addidently Turning) oh woops! (blushes and turns)
Jason: heh don't worry about it
	(Tenchi comes walking in and Jason is getting out of the oisen with  his 
back to Tenchis Sight)
Tenchi: Hi Sasami!
Sasami: TENCHI!
Tenchi: so What Happened today?
Sasami: Long story...i think he can tell you
Tenchi (notices the other person): Hey whos that?
	(Jason Turns as they both see that they look like each other with slight 
differnaces)
Jason:.....
Tenchi:.......
	(They Both Pass out (yeah yeah i know jason knew but its sitll shocking))

	The Scene changes as Jason Just Finished the Story as Washu comes walking 
out with a new discovery!


Jason: Washu anyway back for me yet?
Washu:....No But! I found out that your more like tenchi then you think now!
Tenchi and Jason at the same time: Huh?
Washu ( Taking out a Computer as Charts appear with Tenchi's Powers and Dna 
Charts and others Form looking the same with Jasons Name on them): Here 
Look...
Tenchi and Jason at the Same time again: Woah!
Jason: this is getting scary....
Tenchi: your telling me....
(Ryoko Appears)
Ryoko: What the hell?!
(Tenchi and Jason Both smile)
Jason: Hello Ryoko
Tenchi: Hey Ryoko
Jason: I told you i wasn't Tenchi
Ryoko: .....What ThE HELL WASHU?
Washu: Call me Mom!
Ryoko: MOM?! whats going on?!
Ayeka: helping Washu They are somehow Twins in everyway even tho Jason's 
from a differnt time era and World and Dimention...
Ryoko: .........
	(Bright Flash as the Goddess Tsunami)

Tsunami and Sasami talk: They are the Legendary Twin Warrior of the Jurai...
Ayeka: Thats just a Lenend!
Tsunami and Sasami talk: Yes i know but all legends have some Truth.
	(Ayeka and everyone else look at Tenchi and Jason)
Jason: humm...
Tenchi: Well just when i thought i've heard everything...
	(all of a sudden a monster appears outside challeging the Twin Warriors it 
was sent as a Test)

Tenchi: AHH!
Jason: i don't need this....(headache)
Tenchi (takes out his sword): Lets go!
Jason (all of a sudden a sword looking like Tenchis appears in his hands but 
with a Greenish Beam): What the heck?!
Tenchi: Woah?
Jason: Ahh Hell lets go!
Tenchi: YEAH!

(Battle Starts)

Monster: ROAR! (He attacks at Jason as jason Flips into the air Somehow 
Knowing how to fight now and Comes landing behind him with a sudden light 
Jason Forms 4 Light Hawk wings and his Sword Trasforms into a Glowing 
Whitish Green Blade and Tenchi Jumps next to him and  Forms 4 light hawk 
wings as well forming his blade and clothes)

Jason and Tenchi: HAH!

(they Both Slices into the monster as it Falls into peices and Evaporates 
into Dust Screaming into pain as it does so)

Ayeka and Ryoko: Wow Jason and Tenchi!

Ayeka (runs and hugs Tenchi)
Ryoko (flys and Hugs Jason)

Jason and Tenchi: this is something new...how did we do that? and who 
created that monster....

	(Scene changes to a Shadowy Figure)

Shadow: Hmm...i will have to destroy them before they get really strong...




(TO BE CONTINUED!) Next Chapter: Twin Warriors Find out New Skills ;)


Thank you For Reading.....Jason P Peters (ACE5434@hotmail.com)



