Disclaimer: This is for those who hated Tenchi Muyo in Love 2. And I don't own 
anything except Trev, Ultima Trev, Turbo Ultima Trev, Omega-
Ultima Trev, and Ultima Tech. Don't sue me, ok? Good, then it's settled. Another 
thing is I've added is theme music suggestions that would go
along with the story. Now let's get this show rolling...

Author's note: I am now looking for pre-readers, Komobito the Hacker is now 
sadly unable to do the job. Send all flames, comments, and pre-reader 
applications
(lol) to superultimatrev@netscape.net.

Anti-Haruna: Ultima Anime Massacre III
Chapter 01: The Scout's New Challenge
----------------------------------------------------
Written by Ultima Trev with the help of NocturneD
Pre-read by Komobito the Hacker (We'll miss your support dood!)

Setting: Six months after the death of Sakuya. Ultima Tech HQ, Tokyo Japan. The 
year is A.D. 2016 / U.C. 0079...

Adrian: "Alright Trev, it's time I give you an ass whooping. i just bought Quake 
VII!"
Trev: "Hell yeah!"

Minutes later after the installation of Quake VII on Trev's 20Ghz AMD Athlon PC 
with 12GB of PC50,000 QDR MDRAM, 16GB QDR ATI
RADEON 4, 10 Terabyte Hard Drive, Sound Blaster Audigy 5 sound, and a 2GB 
ethernet adapter with a T5 internet connection...

Computer: "Player 1 wins!"
Adrian Cronin: "Damn it, I thought for sure I was kicking you ass."
Ultima Tech President Trev: "Better luck next time!"
Adrian: "Alright, it's time for a rematch!"

Minute later...

Computer: "Player 1 wins!"
Adrian: "No!"
Trev: "What can I say? I am Ultima Trev, the God of gaming!"
Adrian: "Oh well, I better get going. Later dude."
Trev: "Later."

A week later, Trev was invited to a ceremony. Queen Usagi has bacome the High 
Preist of Earth by a vote from the UN's delegates. And since
Usagi and Ami were invovle in the Sakuya incident, he felt like he had to go. 
However, he didn't want to go...

Ami: "We're glad to see you here."
Trev: "Well, you guys were also involved in the Sakuya mess. I guess it was 
critical that I came."
Rei (not to be confused with Rei Ayanami): "Well, you sure are quite unpopular. 
People say Ultima Tech is too money consuming."
Trev: "Hell yes!"
Makato: "I don't think that was a compliment..."
Trev: "I see."
Minako: "I wouldn't be surprised if Ultima Tech goes out of business..."
Trev: "Nah, I'm the ultimate marketing genius!"

On the other side of the banquet room...

Mamoru: "Usagi, why so silent? You haven't said a thing to our guest of honor."
Usagi: "I'm scared."
Mamoru: "Of what?"
Usagi: "Of what the Keel, my election adversary, might do."
Mamoru: "Wait, you think he's gonna do something awful just because you won the 
election and not him?"
Usagi: "Remeber that I told you that Tokyo 3's destruction was classified?"
Mamoru: "Yes..."
Usagi: "Well I'm gonna spill now. Keel and the SEELE orginization were behind 
the deveelopment of EVAs 05-13."
Mamoru: "So it was Keel that overseed the destruction of both Tokyo 3 and Nerv 
HQ?"
Usagi: "As well as helping Sakuya in the battle with Trev."
Mamoru: "Great, you're probably his next target."
Usagi: "Yeah, I know I am."

Elsewhere at the banquet...

Aeka: "Drink up my dear..."
Ryouko: "Sure... Thing..."

Aeka seems to be pampering her lover with lots of champaigne and sake...

Ryouko: "Aeka, your looking so sexy tonight."
Aeka: "What are you doing?"

Ryouko has pulled one of Aeka's breast of of her dress and started massaging her 
nipple in a circular motion with her tongue...

Aeka: "I love you Ryouko! Oh yes! You're so passionate when you're drunk!"

Everyone surrounding the two lovers are in shock, except 1 person...

Ryouko: "What are you looking at?"
Trev: "My my, I'd never guess I would see you two here."
Aeka: "It's you..."
Trev: "Yeah, it's me. You know, I'd consider doing this in a restroom stall, not 
the ballroom..."
Aeka: "I see your point, this behavior was unacceptable for the Juraian princess 
that I am. Ryouko, let us continue this in the restroom."
Ryouko: "Okay, I guess."

Then the two lovers head for the restroom...

Trev: * I tell ya, People have no sense of decency nowadays. *

SEELE HQ, Keel's office...

Keel: "Soon EVA units 14-22 will be complete, then unleashed on Crystal Tokyo! 
With Queen Usagi dead, I will rule the world! Ha ha ha ha ha!"

Stupid Keel, first third impact and now this. Anyway, Usagi is sending out 
request for an alliance with several people...

Location: Brazil...

Shiro: "Wow, the newly elected High Preist of Earth wishes for an alliance."
Karren: "I say we accept her offer."
MacKell: "Sounds fun."
Terry: "Well Commander, if you like it, so do I."
Eleador: "What the hell, sounds like it could be interesting."
Shiro: "Alright, to Crystal Tokyo we go!"
08th MS Team: "Yes sir!"

Location: Jurai...

Tenchi: "My dear co-wives Sasami and Kiyone, are you up for a trip to Earth to 
help avenge the death of Tokyo 3's inhabitants?"
Kiyone: "Sure."
Sasami: "Tastey."
Mayuka: "I wanna go too daddy!"
Tenchi: "Well, I guess it's time we book a flight to Earth..."

Location: West City, China...

Vegita: "Kakaratto, why should we waste our time with Mobile Suits?!"
Son Gokou: "I guess we'l have to refuse the High Preist's offer!"
Son Gohan: "Yeah, no 200 foot mobile suit is of concern to us."
Piccolo: "I believe yu have skipped a sentence. It says here that EVA mobile 
suits have the power of the Arch Angels. You guys, these are
machines that have destroyed Tokyo several months ago!"
Son Gokou: "Nah, fighting mobile suits isn't my style. I say we stick to hand to 
hand combat."

Location: HELL...

Soon my awakening will be complete. I will rediscover my love with Yosho and 
kill off his worthless friends and family. HA HA HA HA HA!

Back to the Crystal Tokyo Palace, which is now heavily guarded by the Earth 
Fedaration's 08th MS Team and Juraian Star Fleet...

Usagi: "At last I think we'll be safe now. There's no way Keel's EVA series will 
get throgh the 08th MS Team and The Jurai Starfleet."
Mamoru: "I'm sure they would've attacked by now. I guess it's safe to call them 
off."
Usagi: "I don't know about that."
Tenchi: "You must understand High Preist Usagi, my people need me. I have to get 
back home soon."
Usagi: "I understand, you may leave."
Tenchi's bodyguard: "My lord, I have recieved word one of our battlecruisers was 
shot down!"
Usagi: "It must be Keel!"
Shiro: "Team, let's move out!"

The 08th MS Team finally boards their mobile suits, but are still aways from the 
front lines. The Juraian starfleet can't seems to faze the powerful
AT Fields...

Battle Theme: "Chainsaw Dismemberment" by Mortician

Juraian Starfleet Commander: "Fallback!"

The Juraian Starfleet falls back while still firing. Minutes later the Jurai 
starfleet lets 08th MS Team, who are joined by MS Teams 01-07, take the
front line...

Shiro: "All mobile suite teams, use your explosives and beam weaponry. These 
EVAs are nearly three times bigger than our Gundams and their
sheilds are massive!"
Juraian Starfleet commander: "Mobile Suits, you must pull back. We have a plan."
Shiro: "You heard them, pull back."
Juraian Starfleet commander: "All ships, set phasers and proton torpedoes to 
FRAG! We will punture them in 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...
Fire!"

A total of 39 Juraian Warships fire their weapons on maximum power. Six of the 
eight EVAs have been wiped out...

Shiro: "All units, prepare your rocket launchers. 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 
4... 3... 2... 1... FIRE!"

A good sized barrage of 24 rockets blow the two remaining EVA units sky High...

SEELE HQ...

"Sir! All EVAs have been defeated."
Keel: "Is that a fact? 
"Yes sir."
Keel: "GET OUT OF MY OFFICE NOW!"
"I'm leaving right now sir..."
Keel: "A combined effort from the Juraian Starfleet and Earth Fedaration proved 
to be an effective combonation. But I'm still not through with
them. (accessing the intercom) Major Char, I wish to see you in my office.

Minutes later Char Azanbel walks through the doors of Keel's office....

Keel: "Greetings Char."
Char: "Greetings your highness."
Keel: "Char, have you mastered the system of  N2EVA unit-03?
Char: "Yes I have. There is no mobile suit that I can't handle."
Keel: "Good. Soon your team will be awaken from their several month slumber."
Char: "What?"
Keel: "Your team is composed of none other than Shinji Ikari, Asuka Langley 
Souryu, and Rei Ayanami. We have recovered their bodys and have
put them in a rejuvenation chamber. We also mangaged to manipulate their memory 
banks. They now believe they were pilots of the original EVA
series. They will sever you well on this upcoming mission."
Char: "What a most genius plan your highness."
Keel: "I do try, my loyal servent of evil."

Wow, an N2 bomber / EVA unit rolled into one package. I'd say Usagi's days of 
high preaching are up. Now we take you to a humble city in
Califonia, a city called Racoon City (which was currently restored). In this 
city, there are seven people living together in a mansion, these people are
none other than Chris Redfield, Jill Valentine, Leon S. Kennedy, Claire 
Redfield, Sherry Birkin, Carlos, and Steve Burnside... (Yep, Steve has been 
cured
from the VT virus)

Steve: "Whoa Leon, you really look depressed."
Claire: "He's been like that since his girlfriend Ada died."
Chris: "Bummer."
Leon: "I'm goin' to the bar. Be back later."
Jill: "Guys, I think this might end up as a suicide..."

At Raccoon City Bar...

Leon: "God Damn I'm drunk as shit. I need to stop drinking' before I lose my job 
at the RPD..."
"Hey there sexy."
Leon: "Uh, who are you?"
"Ada, Ada Wong. Don't you remember?"
Leon: "Back from the dead are you? Good, let's go back to my place..."

Back at the mansion...

Chris: "Leon, who's the girl?"
Leon: "This is Ada, the girl who was suppossed to be dead 18 years ago."
Claire: "What the Hell?"
Carlos: "This is some freaky shit man."
Sherry (who happens to be a telepath): * I sense something wierd about that 
girl. It's even more confusing than the immense energy buried in Leon. I
wonder what it could be. *

End of chapter one...

Credits / Ending Theme: "Talent for Love" from the Tenchi Muyo OVA Sound Track

Cast of characters:

Trev, the President of Ultima Tech
Trell Scott, the CEO of Ultima Tech
Adrian Cronin, General of the Earth Counter Terrorist Forces
Tenchi Masaki
Sasami Jurai Masaki (adult of course)
Kiyone (recently chosen to be Tenchi's 2nd co wife)
Ryouko
Aeka Jurai
Washu
Yosho Jurai (or Kastuhito Masaki)
Haruna (THE BITCH MUST DIE!)
Queen Usagi (Sailor Moon)
Ami (Sailor Mercury)
Rei (Sailor Mars)
Makoto (Sailor Jupiter)
Minako (Sailor Venus)
Prince Mamoru
Tetsuo (from Akira! If you have no idea what Akira is, I feel sorry for you)
Son Gokou
Vegita
Son Gohan
Piccolo
Shinji Ikari
Rei Ayanami
Asuka Langley Souryu
Keel (head of SEELE)
Shiro Amada
Mac Kell
Eleadore    
Terry Sanders Junior
Karren Joshua
Char Azanbel
Kamui
Leon S. Kennedy
Claire Redfield
Chris Redfield
Jill Valentine
Steve Burnside
Ada Wong
Carlos

Preview theme: "Decisive Battle" from the Shin Seiki (Neon Genesis) Evangelion 
Sound Track

Trev: "Next time, Usagi is in a fix as the Earth Fedaration and Juraian 
Starfleet get a brutal thrashing from the N2 EVAs. While Keel and Char ae on the
verge of victory, Haruna and her loyal servents Tetsuo and Kaneda wreak havoc in 
the city of Tokyo 1. I personally check it out to find out they have
powers that won't be so easily dealt with. Later Vegita and Piccolo show up with 
their friends Gokou and Gohan, who appear to be quite strong, but
it's still not enough. To make things worse, Haruna has befriended Wesker, 
Alexia, and Nemesis, peolpe I have already battled with before. Those
friends of Haruna ressurect the Umbralla Laboratory in Raccoon City. Can Leon, 
Claire, Jill, and Chris put a stop to them? Find out on Anti-Haruna
chapter 2: The Biohazards of Umbrella and Neo Tokyo...
