Disclaimer: I'm not making any money so don't sue me. This is a mega crossover 
between (my series) Earth Massacre, Tenchi Muyo, Shin Seiki (Neon Genesis) 
Evangelion, Dragon Ball Z,
Sailor Moon, Resident Evil, Gundam, Akira, X-1999, etc. Don't forget, SEND ALL 
FLAMES, COMMENTS, AND QUESTIONS TO SUPERULTIMATREV@NETSCAPE.NET!

Author's note: I am now looking for pre-readers, Komobito the Hacker is now 
sadly unable to do the job. Send all flames, comments, and pre-reader 
applications
(lol) to superultimatrev@netscape.net.

Anti-Haruna: Ultima Anime Massacre III
Chapter 2: "Biohazards of Umbrella and Neo Tokyo"
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Written by Ultima Trev with the help of NocturneD
Pre-read by Komobito the Hacker

Setting: The Umbrella Lab in Raccoon City (Umbrella was over took by the Mayo 
Clinic and turned into a medicine company)

The new UMB president: "To our success, this company will change for the 
better."
The new UMB staff: "HOORAY!"

Out of nowhere, a portal from Hell opens! Out comes Wesker, Nemesis, and Alexia.

Wesker: "I'd hate to dissappoint you. But I'm taking charge of Umbrella!"
UMB president: "Call security!"
Wesker: "KAMEHAMEHA!"

Wesker blows the executives of the UMB medicine corporation  to Hell...

Wesker: "Let's split up and kill everyone in this building. Umbrella will once 
again be a virus manufactuing company!"
Nemesis and Alexia: "Yes sir!"

Within the next five minutes, the building is being filled with screams of 
terror and mass mutilations, and finally silence!

Wesker: "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! It's time we infest this town with the new GT-S 
Virus!"

Nemesis takes one of the half dead survivors and throws it to Wesker...

Wesker: "Behold my biohazard friends, this worthless specimen will become the 
new god of destruction!"
Nemesis and Alexia: "Hail Wesker, king of the biohazard mutants!"

Now in Tokyo, another portal from Hell opens...

Trev: "What the fuck is that?"
Trell: "Beats the Hell out of me."
Trev: "Let's go see what the fuck is happening."

Trell and Trev arrive mere seconds before a terrifying evil...

Trev: "Holy shit, it feels like Sakuya is here..."
Trell: "Damn it,  I thought you killed that evil bitch once and for all."
"Silence!"
Trev: "You dare silence me? I'm gonna blow you a new damned hole you bitch!"
"If you couldn't beat Sakuya on your own, their's no way you will triumph."
General Adrian Cronin (teleporting in from the Counter-Terrorist base): "Trev, 
you might not want take her lightly. Our ki sensors at the base picked up high 
readings."
Trev: "Well bitch, what's your name?"
"I am Haruna, Sukuya's older sister."
Trev: "If that's the case, you will die as well..."
Haruna: "First you will have to get through my loyal gurad. Tetsuo, come here 
now, damn it!"
Tetsuo: "Yes lady Haruna?"
Haruna: "I want you to kill our Ultima powered friend here, as well as his 
affiliates..."
Tetsuo: "Yes, they will feel the full extent of my psychic powers!"
Trev: "Well, I don't sense power worth shit from Haruna, but this Tetsuo guy 
looks like he may be trouble. I say we DNA Digivolve!"

Chorus: "Digimon, digital monsters, Digimon are the champions!"

Trev: "TREV!"
Trell: "TRELL!"
Adrian: "ADRIAN!"
Trev, Trell, and Adrian: "DNA Digivolve to... DEATH METAL!"
Tetsuo: "Alas, my greatest adversary is here!"
Death Metal: "Same here."

Meanwhile, Racoon City gets a suprise attack from zombies...

Leon: "That's horse shit! Umbrella is suppowed to be nothing more than a mere 
medicine company now!"
Chris: "Damn straight, we better fight our way to the Umbrella lab, ASAP!
Leon: "Ada, stay here, I don't want to lose you. Especially after you've come 
back from the dead."
Ada: "I understand."

Chris loads up his dual colt pythons and ammo pack, Steve loads his AK-47 
assualt rifle  and ammo pack, Carlos loads up his M4 Grenade Launcher/assualt 
rifle combo and ammo pack,
while Leon packs nothing at all.

Chris: "Hey Leon, aren't you gonna bring any guns?"
Leon: "No..."
Carlos: "Yo, I think that's suicide man."
Steve: "Of course it's sucide!"
Leon: "Watch this..."

Leon forms a ball of ki in his hand...

Everyone: "HOLY SHIT!"

Now that the gang is loaded, they march straight to UMB HQ to kick some zombie 
ass. Of course things were never meant to be that easy...

Carlos: "Damn man, we have eight Hunter Gammas coming in at 10 'o clock!"
Chris: "Five is more than we can handle, but ten?"
Leon: "HADUKEN!"

Leon fries the bastards with Ryu and Ken's mighty energy blast...

Steve: "Wow Leon, being in Jin Jitsu for ten years really payed off there."
Leon: "Damn right."

Now we take ou back to Tokyo, where the battle with Death Metal and Tetsuo 
begins.

Battle Theme: "Black Seeds of Vengeance" by Nile

Death Metal: "Supreme Ultima Flash!"

Tetsuo then uses his pychics powers to divert the blast elsewhere.

Death Metal: "Kick ass, this guy relies completely on his brain power."
Haruna: "Tetsuo, I'll leave you here to contend with the fused goon squad, I on 
the other hand will search fro my prize in Racoon City."
Tetsuo: "As you wish lady Haruna."

Haruna then flies off.

Death Metal: "Well now, are you gonna show me more mind tricks or what?"
Tetsuo: "While in Hell, I was able to extend both my mental and pysical power to 
the max! Kaioken x20."

Tetsuo lands a massive punch upside the forehed of Death Metal...

Death Metal: * Holy Shit, this guy packs a nuke in his hands. *

Meanwhile in East City, China...

Gokou: "Vegita, Piccolo, can you sense that?"
Piccolo: "Yes, it felt like it came from Japan."
Vegita: "And it feels like it's moving accross the Pacific."
Gohan: "I can't sense a thing!"
Gokuo: "It's horrible, it's like Buu meets Jenemba!"

Luckilly the little brats Goten and Trunks aren't around, because they would 
want to check it out if they were. Now we take you to Crystal Tokyo.

Usagi: "Mamoru, we defeated the EVAs, we're safe at last."
Mamoru: "It's good luvin' time."
Usagi: "Wait, I feel a vibration."

BOOM! A large explosion goes off within the city of  Crystal Tokyo...

Usagi (running towards the window): "Oh no!"
Mamoru (Also at the window): "Damn..."

Both Mamoru and Usagi have laid eyes on the unbarable... The unbarable being N2 
EVAs, the dealiest of mobile suits to date...

Usagi: "Mamoru, are the 08th MS Team and Jurai Starfleet still in position?"
Mamoru: "They should be on their way..."
Usagi: "I sure hope they are."
Tenchi (busting through the door): "All Jurai and Earth Fedaration units have 
been destroyed!"
The Sailor Scouts (Also bursting through the door): "Sailor Moon, we must 
evacuate."

Tenchi, Mamoru, and the Scouts manage to make it to Tenchi's transport ship...

Tenchi: "Captain, start the engines and head for Tokyo!"
Captain: "As you wish my lord."

The ship takes off, and strangely they're not being pursued...

Char: "Units 00-02, we shall pursue them after we level this city!"
Zombified Shinji, Asuka, and Ayanami: "Yes sir."

Credits / Ending Theme: "Fly me to the Moon" from the Shin Seiki (Neon Genesis) 
Evangelion  Sound Track

Cast of characters:

Trev, the President of Ultima Tech
Trell Scott, the CEO of Ultima Tech
Adrian Cronin, General of the Earth Counter Terrorist Forces
Tenchi Masaki
Sasami Jurai Masaki (adult of course)
Kiyone (recently chosen to be Tenchi's 2nd co wife)
Ryouko
Aeka Jurai
Washu
Yosho Jurai (or Kastuhito Masaki)
Haruna (THE BITCH MUST DIE!)
Queen Usagi (Sailor Moon)
Ami (Sailor Mercury)
Rei (Sailor Mars)
Makoto (Sailor Jupiter)
Minako (Sailor Venus)
Prince Mamoru
Tetsuo (from Akira! If you have no idea what Akira is, I feel sorry for you)
Son Gokou
Vegita
Son Gohan
Piccolo
Shinji Ikari
Ayanami Rei
Asuka Langley Souryu
Keel (head of SEELE)
Shiro Amada
Mac Kell
Eleadore    
Terry Sanders Junior
Karren Joshua
Char Aznable
Kamui
Leon S. Kennedy
Claire Redfield
Chris Redfield
Jill Valentine
Steve Burnside
Ada Wong
Carlos Oliveira

Preview theme: "Decisive Battle" from the Shin Seiki (Neon Genesis) Evangelion 
Sound Track

Trev: "Next time, The battle between Tetsuo and Death Metal grows to a new level 
as Death Metal unleashes some Ultima Energy. But that's not all! Leon has his 
hands full with Nemesis,
Alexia, and Wesker. But what is Haruna's prize? What is the new GT-S Virus and 
its capabilities? Will Tenchi, Mamoru, and the Scouts ever escape the wrath of 
the N2 EVA units? There's
only one way to find out. THAT'S BY CHECKING OUT CHAPTER 03: "LEON'S ORIGIN 
REVEALED."
