Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  
WARNING: THIS IS A LEMON, NO CHILDREN UNDER 18!  THANK YOU.  


Tenchi Muyo!
Undesirable Fate II:
The Quest for the Sanctus Redemptor



	The stormy winds blew the trees violently.  Thunder roared 
throughout the forest.  In the nigh of the fury of the storm, a lone 
figure stood in a small open meadow.  He starred at the stone plaque in 
front of him.  The very words, interested him deeply, "Ryoko Hakubi, 
Born:  January 24, 1978.  Died: January 22, 1996, "May her spirit 
finally find peace as she waits for her loved ones."

	The man shook his head as the rain poured.  It soaked every inch 
of his clothes.  He feel to his knees as water splashed around him.  
Thunder erupted like a horde of volcanoes.  The man fell onto the wet 
grass.  

	"Tenchi!" a woman cried through the darkness.  At the sound of 
her voice, he glanced up to see nothing.  He turned his head to look 
behind him and saw the owner of the voice.  A woman with a swollen 
belly walked through the woods.


	"Ayeka!" he gasped.  "You shouldn't be out here in this storm," 
he said worriedly leaping to his feet.  He ran over to her.  Tenchi 
took off his black raincoat and wrapped it around her. 

	"Tenchi, you need to come inside.  I know you come here all the 
time at this time, but this is not a good time.  This storm is going to 
get you sick," she said sternly.

	"You are my major worry right now," he argued.  "You shouldn't be 
out here in this rain," he yelled over the storm.  "Come, let's get you 
inside."  He picked her up in his arms and carried her off into the 
forest.  

	A figure appeared from the darkness.  He was covered in a hood.  
He looked back at the grave.  His eyes intensified in size as he read 
the stone slab in front of him.  He slowly turned back and followed 
Tenchi and Ayeka.  

	Tenchi continued walking to the house.  The snap of a twig 
alerted him.  He looked back, but saw nothing.  He continued walking.  
Ayeka held tightly to him as they moved their way through the forest.  
He moved faster and faster hearing the person behind him keeping pace.  
He leaped out of some brush and ran into the clearing.  He saw the 
house as he continued running.   

	"Stop!" yelled a voice from behind.  Tenchi stopped and slowly 
turned.  He saw a man in covered in a white robe his face hidden by a 
heavy hood.  

	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked a little frightened.

	"Don't be afraid, I am the Messenger of God, Gabriel," he 
introduced in a kind, warm voice.  He slowly pulled back his hood to 
reveal several golden locks of long golden hair.  His eyes were pure 
silver.  His teeth were sparkling white. 

	"Who is God?" Tenchi questioned not recognizing the name.

	"That is the question that all of you mortals want to know," he 
smiled.  He reached into his robe and pulled out a red book.  It had 
strange writing on it in gold.  He walked over to Tenchi a strange 
light glowing around him.  As he neared the group the rain stopped.  
"You can set her down.  She will be fine," he smiled.  Stretching his 
hand out he handed the book toward Tenchi.  Tenchi looked at it, trying 
to make out the words.  "Take it, you will understand the words soon 
enough.  Read the last chapter of this book called, Revelations," he 
said kindly with no demand in his low set voice.  Tenchi glanced back 
down at the book and slowly took it in his hands.  As his fingers 
slightly glazed the book he feel immense pain in his head and feel to 
his knees.  Ayeka gasped in worry and tried to go to him, but the 
strange man before her held up his hand for her to stop.  She obeyed, 
but couldn't understand why.  "This is the knowledge of God, Tenchi.  
With it you will know all languages and people, but you are mortal and 
will never understand the mysteries of the universe," he explained.  
Tenchi remained holding his head as tight as he could.  With a great 
rush of like it wasn't there, the pain was gone and Tenchi felt the new 
knowledge within him.  He looked over at Ayeka his hands slowly pulling 
away from his head.  He saw her fear and worry and smiled to comfort 
her.  He glanced back at the strange man and looked at the writing on 
the book a second time.  

	"The Story of God," he read aloud.  "What is this?" he asked 
looking up at the tall man towering over him.  

	"This is what Christians call the, Holy Bible," he smiled warmly 
again.  "But this version has some added texts that the Heavenly Father 
has added for the Holy Protector, the Patronus.  You!" he smiled 
raising his finger to Tenchi's forehead.  "All will be explained in the 
book," he said and slowly walked away from them.  He stopped and 
glanced up at the couple.  "Another thing, Patronus," he hollered.  "A 
man in that book known as the Antichrist, you mortals call him, is on 
his way here to stop you.  And the most important part, you will have 
three dreams before your destiny begins on the morrow.  The first is a 
message of your future, but you will never understand it.  The other 
two will help you understand your purpose.  Farethewell, Patronus," he 
waved and vanished in a wave of light.  When he disappeared, the rain 
poured down on the couple and Tenchi picked Ayeka up into his arms 
again and carried her into the house.  

	The couple walked in and he sat her down gently on the sofa.  He 
looked back in his hands at the book.  Ayeka still looked shocked at 
what she saw, but for some reason he couldn't speak.  He slowly pointed 
to the stairs and she could only nod.  He turned and ascended the 
stairs. Looking back down, he saw Sasami running over to her sister.  
He smiled and continued the walk to his room.  He slid the door open 
and closed it behind him.  His room was pitch black, but he knew where 
everything was in his room and walked over to a light switch and 
brought forth some light in his room.  He took a few steps to his desk 
and pulled the chair back.  He took a seat and placed the big book on 
his desk.  He opened it and quickly turned the pages until he found the 
last chapter he was told about.  He read and read feeling interested in 
the strange tells of the end of the world, but he didn't believe it.  
He can't remember any seven signs or any people suffering from them, 
but then a message that his mind told him was not in the text of the 
Christians caught his eye.

	He read aloud the strange text, "And the Lord All Mighty, King of 
Kings, blinded the people from seeing the end.  Behold his power for he 
is all merciful.  God's children will follow their Heavenly Father with 
eyes shut," Tenchi looked up at the wall in surprise.  He just thought 
about people suffering and an answer appeared in the words of the book.  
"So in order to keep the faith that he exists he blinded them so that 
when it does occur they will keep praying to him.  If he allowed them 
to know it would be easier for this Satan person to get a hold of 
them," he said to himself.  He glanced back down at the book and 
continued to read.  He read through the four horsemen and the seven 
seals to where Satan returns after one century where his name, Patronus 
came into the book.  

	He read aloud the last part of the book as it was a message to 
him, "Patronus, the people will see the dark through their blind eyes.  
He who is chosen must be pure of heart and know about the purpose of 
the fourth horseman, Death.  Known unto you as the Sanctus Eversor.  Be 
weary for the Sanctus Eversor is friend and foe a like.  Farethewell 
Patronus, for your Lord God has spoken," he finished and closed the 
book.  He couldn't understand what was going on, but sleep was starting 
to take its toll on him.
	
	Tenchi setup from his desk as he looked at the clock.  It was 
late, and he had been there for two hours.  He opened his door to go 
get a glass of water.  He slowly climbed down the stairs.  As he was 
about to enter the kitchen he saw Ayeka still sitting on the couch.  He 
felt he needed to speak.  "Are you feeling okay, Ayeka?" he asked Ayeka 
looked up in him in confusion.  

	"Tenchi, I didn't understand what you said.  I only heard my 
name," she explained, her eyes gazing him if he was joking with her.

	Tenchi understood everything she said, but his words were not 
Japanese.  "I am sorry Ayeka, I think I was speaking to you in ancient 
Hebrew," he explained.  "I don't know how, but I have all this 
knowledge of different languages and of the bible of all Christians."

	"What is happening?" she asked with fear uttering her words.  A 
tear dropped down her cheek.  He caught her tear and rubbed her cheek 
gently.  

	"I don't know, but I will soon," he answered.  He walked to the 
staircase and climbed up.  He all of the sudden didn't feel the need 
for some water.  He walked in to his room and unbuttoned his jeans.  He 
threw them on the post of his bed and slipped in tossing his white T-
shirt with his jeans.  He leaned back and felt the sleep he yearned for 
earlier and drifted into his own abyss.
***
	Darkness covered his eyes.  He couldn't see a thing then the 
darkness vanished and he looked around at the steel walls.  He was back 
on Kagato's layer, but how?  He looked around to see Ryoko fighting 
Kagato.  He watched in horror as Kagato's hand opened and a large 
amount of energy engaged into Ryoko's mid section.

	"NOOO!!!" he screamed.  Ryoko fell to the ground with some 
strange black blood leaking from her mouth and cuts.  He ran to her as 
Kagato dropped the vile laughing as fire engulfed his body.  Tenchi 
stopped as the heat from the fire separated him from getting to her.  
The fire was everywhere and soon Tenchi only saw darkness behind the 
hot flames.  Then, as soon as the fire appeared, a cool breeze draped 
over him.  He looked over and saw a huge lake with fire floating on top 
of it.  He could see decayed bodies floating in the water of the 
burning lake.  Then, screams of agony filled his ears he dropped to his 
knees trying to fight their painful screams.  "Stop," he hollered, but 
the cries intensified, "STOP IT!!!" he screamed, and then a warm touch 
on his shoulder alerted him.  He looked up to see Ryoko, she had a scar 
on her right cheek and blood leaked from her side, but it was the same 
black blood.  She wore black leather pants and matching vest.  Her pale 
skin glistened in the vest that was tight around her.

	"I can make the screams stop!" she smiled over at the lake. 

	"How?" he pleaded.

	She gave him a comforting smile and limped over to the lake.  
Tenchi tried to follow, but something was holding him back.  He saw 
Ryoko look back as her smile was gone and fear shined on her face.  She 
stepped to the edge of the cliff, and like she was ready to fly to the 
heavens, she raised her arms up parallel from the ground.  When she 
did, the screams ceased.  Tenchi watched in horror as she leaped off of 
the cliff and did a graceful dive into the lake.

	"RYOKOOOOOOO!!!!" he cried out in horror.
***
	Tenchi gasped for air as his eyes blazed open in terror.  He sat 
up and waited for his eyes to focus.  His room came into view.  What 
was the dream all about?  It was nightmare, but Ryoko was in it.  He 
could feel it in his heart this was the first dream the angel told him 
about, but he didn't understand what it meant.  He leaped out of the 
bed and raced to the mirror.  He looked into his eyes, but saw nothing.  
Tenchi felt weak and leaned on his knees.  The world began to spin, and 
then the sound of someone breathing alerted him.  He looked up at the 
mirror.  

	"AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!" he screamed in fear and turned to what he saw 
reflecting in the mirror.  He turned to the owner of the reflection.  A 
woman stood in front of him.  Her eyes glowed their golden light in the 
dark room.  Her skin was a light milky color.  She stood there wearing 
a baby blue kimono.  Tenchi motioned toward her.

	"Ryoko," he whispered, but he wasn't afraid.  He walked toward 
her and gathered her into his arms.  He stroked her hair back.  She 
looked at him like a child.  Tenchi could only smile and draw his lips 
toward hers.  Their lips embraced and Tenchi felt a fire grow in and 
around him.  He grasped her breast and squeezed.  Ryoko hummed a sound 
of pleasure.  He felt his other hand grab the other side of the kimono 
and pull it open.  Tenchi felt rough, but soft flower touch of her 
nipple.  His hand squeezed as she gasped enjoyment from his action.  He 
slowly turned her around and found himself kissing up her neck.  "What 
am I doing?" he breathed heavily.  His hands slid down her bare breasts 
and rubbing straight down her tender stomach.  Ryoko cooed with desire.  
His hands stopped when they felt something in between her legs.  It was 
the softest skin he ever felt.  His fingers crawled into the tight 
opening and Ryoko almost screamed as she felt new emotions rise.  

	"Tenchi, stop!" she moaned.  Her hands took his out from under 
her legs.  Tenchi found himself losing the temptation and followed her 
movements.  

	"What is going on?  What was I feeling?" he asked her.

	"I don't know," she breathed in exhaustion, as she appeared to be 
fighting her own emotions.  "But it didn't seem right," she sighed.

	"I know what you mean," he said stepping away from her.  "I 
couldn't control my movements.  Even if I wanted to make love with you, 
I couldn't do it so forcefully," he said looking at his wet, sticky 
hands.

	"It's because darkness was the cause of it," she whispered 
walking over to the window.  She began to straighten her kimono as she 
starred at the moon.

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi shook his head in disbelief.  "How are 
you here?" he pleaded falling to his knees in defeat.  His felt too 
heavy to get up.  A warm touch on his shoulder took the weight away.  
He felt stronger and looked up to see Ryoko starring at him.  Her eyes 
were not of worry, but of happiness.  

	"Come," she said taking his hand.  "It is time for you to rest," 
she smiled warmly.  She led him to his bed and helped him in.  Tenchi 
was mesmerized as she pulled his covers over him.  "Good night," she 
smiled rubbing his forehead.  She leaned over and gently kissed his 
cheek.  
*** 
	A warm light glazed over him.  Tenchi opened his eyes to see the 
sunlight blaze inside his room.  He rolled over to see if his guest was 
with him.  His hand grazed the sheets beside him.  Nothing.  He sat up 
on his bed. 

	"Was it all a dream?" he spoke.  Then, something shook him 
inside.  He looked out the window.  "Daylight," he uttered under his 
breath.  "It must have been the second dream," he said starring out the 
window.  Sasami was playing with Ryo-ohki in the yard below him.  Then, 
it hit him.  Ryoko was standing by the window in his dream.  "What did 
she say?" he asked trying to keep him focused.  "It was because 
darkness was the cause of it.  That is what she said.  Which means they 
must be here," he ran out his room grabbing a pair of his jeans on the 
bed.

	He almost fell down the stairs as he pulled his jeans up.  He 
tucked in his black T-shirt and walked to the kitchen, but the sight of 
everyone gathered at the front door puzzled him.  

	"Tenchi" Sasami hollered from the center of the group.  She 
squeezed herself out and ran to him.  "There is someone here to see 
you," she said.

	Tenchi smiled at the little girl and proceeded to the front.  
Everyone moved to the side, as Tenchi saw a man not much older than him 
standing still.  The man was taller and surrounded in similar robes 
that the messenger last night wore.    The only difference was that his 
cloak was crimson in color.

	"Tenchi Masaki!" he said in greeting.

	Tenchi returned the greeting.  For some reason, it was more of a 
question than a greeting.  "Who are you?" Tenchi asked.

	"I am the final messenger," he bowed.  "Come follow me.  We need 
to talk about your mission," he waved to the forest and started 
walking.  Tenchi slowly nodded at the group to calm down and followed 
the man.  He ran to the man's side.  Their walk was quiet until they 
reached the forest.  A strange feeling overcame Tenchi, but he waved it 
off.

	"What is your message?" Tenchi asked uneasily.
	
	"To not trust your friends.  You had three dreams coming to you.  
How many have you had?" he asked looking up at the trees height.  

	"Two, why?" he asked.  

	"Did one of them give you a message about how evil can control 
others?" the man's voice tensed.

	"Yes," Tenchi nodded.  "How did you know?"

	"I know what my lord God wants me to know," he smiled warmly.

"What do you mean I can't trust anyone?" Tenchi asked.

  "Your dream is telling you not to trust because when darkness 
can manipulate those who have just even a pinch of evil in their souls.  
Only one pure of heart, like you, cannot be manipulated," he replied 
and stopped over a small pool.  "Look in this pool and watch the 
reflection that appears," he said pointing at the blue water.

"Why?" Tenchi asked hesitantly.

"Find out for yourself," he smiled.  Tenchi did as he was told 
and saw his face appear in the water.  

"I just see." he stopped as reflection changed to one of a woman.  
It looked like Ryoko, but her eyes were sad and filled with emptiness.  
"What is this?" he asked feeling sick at what he was seeing and 
tortured.

"I am the final dream, Tenchi," he said looking away.  

"But I am not dreaming," Tenchi spoke up looking back at the man.

"You are, Tenchi, constantly.  You also showed me what I need to 
know," he smiled turning back to Tenchi.

"You aren't a messenger," Tenchi hissed under his breath and 
slowly walked back.  "Back at the house, you acted like you knew my 
name, but you were actually asking if that was my name," Tenchi pulled 
the sword from his pocket.

"I am a messenger, and something else," he said.  He pulled back 
his hood to reveal his baldhead.  

"What is that?" Tenchi spoke sternly summoning his energy blade.

"Put down your weapon.  If I was going to kill you, I would have 
done it by now," he said calmly taking a seat on a stump.  Tenchi 
lowered his sword and the energy flowing through it ceased.  "That's 
better.  I am the Patronus," he spoke and bowed his head in a friendly 
gesture.  

"I thought I was," Tenchi gasped in confusion.  

"You are.  There are two of us.  One of good and one of 
destruction, not evil," he waved his hand in defense.

"How is that not evil?" Tenchi complained.

"Because I have no control over what I do.  I don't want to do 
it, but I have no control over it.  I am the protector over the Sanctus 
Eversor, but unlike you, I don't know who is the Sanctus Eversor.  Only 
you know who are the two Sanctuses.  You just haven't thought about 
their identity.  One more thing, the next time we will meet will be on 
the battlefield for that is our destiny, just as this is our destiny to 
discuss our missions.  Until then, I will be waiting," he waved a 
farewell and vanished without a trace.

Tenchi stood dazed at what he felt.  His heart told him the man 
was right, but how was he going to find out who is who?  Has he met one 
of them, and if so why isn't he dead?  Surely the Sanctus Eversor would 
have killed him at sight.  He slowly turned and walked back to the 
shrine.
***
	Darkness clouded his room.  Space a frontier in darkness, and he 
knew all about it.  He starred into the abyss of the universe feeling 
his time growing near.  He turned around to the alter where a woman lay 
naked.  She bent her legs upward and cooed to herself in pleasure.  He 
squeezed her breast gently and she giggled in delight.   He smiled as 
her long black hair scattered like a web over the alter.  He grabbed 
her breast and watched in amusement as she arched her back up in pure 
delight.  He slowly grabbed the solid golden blade resting beside her.  
He slid the cool blade along her stomach as she purred in satisfaction.  
He watched as it slid over her pubic hair like a snake in the grass.  
He waited until his blade was just even with her pussy and slid it in.  
The girl screamed a shrill of pleasure.

	"How they fall when trust is taken away," he said to himself in 
amusement and turned his wrist twisting the blade.  The girl's eyes 
bulged open in shock.  She screamed for her life and tried to get up 
from the alter, but Malum Dominus has his hand to her throat.  He kept 
twisting the dagger and smiled, as her screams were music to his ears.  
He slid the blade out quickly making sure he cut deeper on its way out.  
The girl froze as her life was drained with the river of blood that 
flowed from in her.  The blood maneuvered down the alter into a bowl 
resting on the floor.  

	"Sir was that necessary?" asked Natrillus watching from behind.

	"No, but it was thrilling to surprise her and take the effects of 
the drug away.  Remember, what is darkness if we do not torture those 
of the light.  When the bowl is full bring it to the chapel," he smiled 
and walked away.  

Natrillus bowed graciously, "Yes, my Lord."  He turned to the 
alter and picked up the bowl and followed his master.

"Tell me, Natrillus.  Have you found this Tenchi?" he asked 
scratching his ear.

"Not, yet, my Lord," he said as they entered the chapel.

The chapel was small in size.  It was almost like an apartment in 
size.  It was built out of solid, black marble.  Each stone was cut to 
be smooth and slick in texture.  The room was dark, only the stars 
reflecting light off the marble lit the room.  It was always amazing to 
Natrillus how the light was reflected and not absorbed.  He followed 
his master to a pit in the center of the room.  The pit was dark, but a 
strong, cold wind came from its mouth.

"Let me see, the bowl," he ordered Natrillus.  Natrillus placed 
the bowl in his master's hands as his master began to speak words he 
could not comprehend.    Then, a small fire appeared in the center of 
the pit.  It began intensify in size.  Natrillus watched in 
fascination.  He felt a heavy force push on him and without warning he 
flew across the floor.  He looked up to see a flaming head of a dragon.  
The beast spoke in a strange tongue, as did his master.  He couldn't 
make out what they were saying.

"Where is the last horseman, Malum?" the dragon spoke to his 
servant.

"We don't know, mighty Lucifer," he bowed answering in the same 
strange tongue.  

The beast roared and the temple shook in fury.  "FIND OUT, 
MALUM!!!  I am running out of time.  I have waited a long time for this 
chance.  You have been silent for too long and now it is the time.  Go 
ahead and unite the nations and kings under your wing.  A battle will 
ensue between three of the four horsemen and their armies," 
the dragon snarled and began to speak the language in its low monster 
like voice again, "while all this is taking place I want to find the 
fourth horseman before the battle, now obey and remember who your God 
is," it hissed and vanished in the flames around it.

Natrillus stood to his feet cautiously and walked over to his 
master.  "My Lord?" he asked.

"Find that boy, and find the fourth horseman within six hours or 
you will be sacrificed next," he said calmly, but with anger hiding in 
it.  He stood to his feet and left Natrillus alone.

"I will, my lord," he bowed and walked off.
***
	Tenchi just walked into the house to notice everyone gathering 
around the T.V.  He walked over casually to see what was going on.   
His eyes saw pictures of burning buildings and soldiers running a 
rampage across the streets.

	"Ladies and gentlemen, it is over.  The short war to defy 
unification has been put to an end.  Now Earth is one nation under one 
leader," the broadcaster announced.

	"ONE LEADER!!!"  Tenchi shouted in surprise.

	Ayeka looked back at him.  Worry shined on her pale skinned face.  
"Tenchi, an evil that only the Jurians were able to record has somehow 
returned," she explained trying to hold back her fear.

	"Evil?" he asked.
	"Yes, Tenchi," his grandfather replied from behind.  "A man, who 
claimed to be a child from a God came to Jurai.  He united Jurai as a 
single nation and from there built an empire for Jurai.  Peace was 
established, but it only lasted for a few years.  Without warning, the 
nations of this vast empire of the universe began to fight amongst 
themselves.  No one at that time knew why the fights started.  Only 
that later it came to be that the emperor of the empire was behind the 
chaos.  No one knows why he did it, but eventually the wars ceased and 
the emperor was pronounced dead," he explained and leaned back into the 
sofa. 

	"And what does this have to do with us?"  Tenchi asked.

	"Someone is trying to repeat history," Ayeka said coldly.

	"All hail our new leader, Malum Dominus!" The broadcaster 
declared and bowed his head to the desk with his arms stretched across 
the desk.

	Tenchi watched as Ayeka, Sasami, and his grandpa almost leaped 
out of their seats in shock.

	"It can't be." Ayeka gasped.

	"What?" Tenchi asked feeling nervous with their reactions.

	"That was the name of the one who united Jurai a million years 
ago," Lord Katsuhito explained.

	"We have to get far away from here," Sasami suggested.

	"No," Tenchi said calmly.  He didn't know why, but somehow it was 
connected to what he read.  He could feel it.  "I have to protect." he 
said looking at the people in the room.  Ayeka moved back a little 
afraid and worried about Tenchi.  He looked like a machine trying to 
find a task.  "Ayeka."

	"Why me?" she almost leaped in embarrassment.

	"You are going to give birth to the only one who can put an end 
to this," Tenchi explained in enthusiasm.  He found his purpose, but 
two things still bothered him what did those dreams mean and who is 
this Sanctus Eversor?

	"I am." she froze and collapsed into Tenchi's arms.

	"Ayeka!!" Sasami jumped.

	"She is fine, Sasami," Tenchi smiled at the little girl.  "She 
just fainted, that's all."  Looking back at his grandpa Tenchi spoke, 
"is it possible this guy is still alive?"

	"He is very much alive," came a familiar voice. 

	Tenchi leaped to his feet and looked up to see the man he saw in 
the woods sitting on a beam above them.  He had a wicked smile as he 
looked down on Tenchi.  The man leaped down to the floor in front of 
Tenchi.

	"And you told me what I needed to know," he smiled.

	"What is that?" Tenchi asked trying not to attack his opponent.

	"We are not after the Sanctus Redemptor, but the Sanctum 
Eversor," he smiled.  

	"How do you know?  I don't even know who it is," Tenchi snarled 
feeling defeat.

	"You might not, but your heart and soul does," the strange man 
closed his eyes.

	"Master!" he called telepathically.

	"What is it, Natrillus?" came his master's voice.

	"I have found the boy, but more importantly, I know who the 
Sanctus Eversor is," he spoke loyally.

	"Excellent, I will be there shortly.  I can feel where you are, 
lead me there."

	"As you wish, my lord," he spoke and cut the link.  "Well, my 
master is coming.  Time to go meet the person I am supposed to 
protect," he said and turned away.  Before anyone can move, he vanished 
out the door.  

	"I am not letting you get away," Tenchi roared and ran out the 
door.  He looked out and saw the man standing in the yard.  

	"Now, is the time we fight," the strange man spoke.  "Before we 
begin, I am Natrillus.  I have protected you long enough, boy," he 
said.

	"Protected me?" Tenchi shouted in anger pulling out the 
tenchiken.  A blue beam emerged from the ivory like hilt.

	"Yes, I have," he smiled.  "I could have told my master about you 
earlier today, and have him kill you, but instead I lead him to 
something else he wanted and that is the Sanctus Eversor."

	"You want me to thank you," Tenchi said coldly.

	"No, now I want you to.DIE!!" he screamed and a sword appeared 
from nowhere in his hands as he charged toward Tenchi.

	Natrillus flew off the ground crashing his blade onto Tenchi's 
summoned blade.  He leaped over Tenchi and landed behind him swinging 
his blade back toward Tenchi as his left knee touched the green grass.  
Tenchi jumped forward and rolled across the grass.  He felt the wind 
cease and continued running away.  He knew he had to get good ground 
from his attacker.  Tenchi tripped over a stone as he rolled into the 
woods, but he felt the brush of a strong breeze blaze over his head.

	Tenchi turned back pulling his blade in front of him first.  He 
couldn't see his attacker, as it happened so fast.  He only knew his 
attacker was there because of the parrying of their blades.  Tenchi 
finally lost his balance and rolled down the hill until his back his a 
tree.  Tenchi grunted in pain and slowly got to his feet to see his 
attacker above him.

	"You need to be more aware of your surroundings," he said calmly.  
He leaped into the air again, but flying through the brush like it 
wasn't there.  His sword was placed in front of him as he slashed it 
down toward Tenchi's head.  Tenchi barely blocked it with his sword and 
stumbled back to the tree.   He was gasping for breath and his sword 
was heavier than before.  Tenchi's vision was blurry as he could barely 
see his attacker coming toward him.  "Relax and breathe, don't let fear 
take away your energy.  You are too worried about my attacks.  Have 
faith in your own," he lectured.

	Tenchi grunted and started attack of his own.  His sword was 
still heavy, but his vision was becoming clear.  He saw his attacker 
and his attacker's moves.  Tenchi could see how limber and moveable his 
opponent really was.  He started pushing his blade forward as his enemy 
parried it away.

	"Now you are fighting foolishly," he taunted.  "Come parry my 
attacks then strike, don't just charge into battle without a technique 
in your swing."

	Tenchi screamed in frustration and dashed his sword with blade 
for blade like a wild man.  He sliced through his opponent's defense, 
but his opponent was still ahead of him as his sword entangled Tenchi's 
and tossed it away.  The man rested his sword at Tenchi's neck.  Tenchi 
knew he couldn't lose now.  His hand opened up and a force came from 
it.  He knew it was not from Jurai, but something else.  He felt as 
this strange force felt along the ground until it came to his wooden 
hilt.  Tenchi felt as it grabbed the hilt.  He focused on summoning the 
blade.  He instantly had it aimed for his enemy's back.

	"What," gasped Natrillus as he heard the summoning of the blade 
he turned to look at what caused the sound?  Tenchi smiled that is all 
he needed.  He jumped back and summoned the blade forward.  The blade 
rushed toward Natrillus.  Natrillus leaped to the side as the blade now 
flew toward Tenchi.  Tenchi grabbed it and turned it ready to fight 
again.  "Impressive, you are learning something after all," he smiled.
***
	Lord Katsuhito walked over to Ryoko's grave to see no one.  He 
could hear the fighting, but saw no one.  Suddenly, a cold wind blew 
around.  The old priest turned around to see a big man surrounded by 
men in black robes.

	"Who are you?  What is your business here?" he hollered over the 
now strong dark wind.  He looked up to see the sky turning into 
darkness as clouds rolled in.  Thunder alarmed from the dark clouds.   
Eventually lightning began to appear from the darkness above.  

	"I am your lord and ruler, Malum Dominus," said the big man.  

	"You can't be!" Lord Katsuhito argued back.

	"I am he, Jurian," he smiled malevolently.

	Lord Katsuhito almost fell to his knees in fear at those words.  
"How do you know I am Jurian?"

	"I can feel your Jurai power.  Now, move out of my way," he 
threatened taking a step forward.  

	"Who do you want?" Lord Katsuhito demanded that question.

	"The body in that grave," he smiled pointing at the tombstone.
***
	Tenchi noticed the dark clouds, but somehow they didn't matter.  
He was determined to have this fight.  His blade was even with his 
opponent's as they tried to muscle the other out as the blades have 
been brought to each other's necks.

	Then, Tenchi lost sight of the battle as the image of Ryoko came 
to his mind.  She was being tossed into the fiery pit.  He saw her 
empty face.  He remembered her cries.  Then, the image disappeared.  He 
opened his eyes as realizations hit him.  "Ryoko!" he muttered.  He 
pushed back with all his strength and swung his sword to keep his 
adversary back.  Then, as fast as he could he ran deeper into the 
woods.  He knew his enemy would not be far behind.
***
	"I won't let you have her," Lord Katsuhito spoke sternly.  He 
brought his bokken up in defense.  "Can't you leave her alone?  He soul 
has been through enough."

	"Her happiness is no concern of mine," he smiled.  "I like it 
when people suffer," he raised his hand up and watched as Lord 
Katsuhito screamed in fear as he flew into a tree.  

	"GRANDPA!!!" screamed a young man's voice.

	Malum Dominus turned to see who called out behind him.  His heavy 
black cloak blew like a sheet of paper from the heavy winds that were 
blowing from the newly born storm.  He saw a boy with his arms crossed 
trying to move in the strong winds.  He then noticed a strange aura 
from the boy.  A power that was similar to Natrillus' power, but 
opposite in spirit.  A wicked smile brewed on his face.

	"You must be the Protector, now called Tenchi," he called out 
over the roaring winds.
	
	"Leave her alone and my family," Tenchi screamed in rage over the 
winds.

	The dark man's eyes grew in suspicion as he narrowed his gaze, 
"Who do you mean?  I see no woman," he looked around in bewilderment.

	Tenchi's eyes narrowed in anger.  "You know whom I mean," he 
snarled.  

	Malum Dominus smiled uncontrollably.  He walked in front of 
Ryoko's grave.  "You have no idea what is about to happen, do you?"  
The tall man lifted his arms to the sky.  His lips moved like they were 
singing, but no words escaped them.  The wind began to pick up and the 
thunder began to explode in the dark sky.  Malum Dominus started to 
laugh as he lowered his arms to his side and began to walk toward 
Tenchi.  "You're going to get a bang out of this one," he smiled and 
right after the words escaped his lips, a bolt of lightning stroke the 
soil behind him.  Tenchi jumped back in fright.  He looked up as the 
man in front of him kept walking forward.  Tenchi covered his eyes 
immediately as a second streak of lightning drilled into the moist 
soil.  Malum stopped before Tenchi and turned around.  The earth 
beneath them began to shake.  Tenchi gripped the dirt beneath him in 
fear.  

	Tenchi gasped in fear as a pale hand pushed out from the soil.  
Then, as soon as it appeared another one rose from out of the ground.  
Tenchi crawled on his knees to watch as a woman's head floated from out 
of the soil.  Her eyes closed, but her hair a pale cyan color drenched 
from the damp soil.  Tenchi watched in astonishment as she now stood 
above the hole she was laying in.  Her head moved to face him and her 
eyes opened.  Tenchi could only feel a warm, heavy feeling in his heart 
as he saw her golden orbs.  The men in robes moved toward her and 
surrounded her.  Tenchi looked over at Malum and saw the big man 
smiling in excitement.  Tenchi knew he should move and kill him, but he 
couldn't.  He felt so weak and his heart pumped for the girl who stood 
in front of him now.  He watched in fascination as he saw the torn pink 
kimono she wore slide, like a serpent moving down a tree, along her leg 
to the ground.  

	Tenchi tried to climb to his feet, but a cold chill began to take 
him over and sat helplessly on the ground.  His eyes still remained on 
the girl surrounded by the strange robed men.  Four of the men stepped 
back and one knelt on one knee and began to put some pale colored boots 
over her feet.  Tenchi glanced at her.  She was so beautiful as her 
eyes glazed down on the man slipping her boots on.  He then noticed 
that she wore a pale tunic and trousers.  A pale belt rested across her 
waist, with the same colored cloak draping over her shoulders.  She 
looked so majestic, so ghostly.  

	Tenchi smiled as she smiled at the man who just finished sliding 
her foot into the other boot.  She rested her hand on his shoulder, and 
Tenchi watched as she gently squeezed it tenderly.  When she released 
her warming grip the man fell on his face.  Tenchi was so lost in her 
beauty he didn't notice until he fell on his face.  His eyes were 
feeling heavy.  He closed them and saw eternal darkness.
***
	Malum Dominus walked over to Tenchi's body.  His boot kicked the 
boy's body in the chest.  Natrillus looked over at the woman he was 
supposed to protect her eyes shook in sadness at the dark lord's 
actions.  

	"I grow weary of this whelp.  As trophy of the end of the 
Protector take his head and put it on a plaque for me," he smiled.  Two 
of the robed men moved forward and one unsheathed a long curved dagger 
from within his robe.  He placed it on the back of Tenchi's neck and 
was about to begin when a flash of cool wind blew around the air.  The 
two men fell to the ground motionless like their comrade before them.  

	Malum Dominus turned to the pale girl behind him.  "What do you 
think you are doing?" he snarled in annoyance.  "You work for me now."

	At those words, she walked over to him and placed her hand on his 
shoulder.  He smiled as she squeezed it and let go.  Her face remained 
emotionless as he began to giggle in triumph.  "Kind of hard to kill 
something that was never born in the first place isn't it?"  he laughed 
as she stepped back.  She traced back to Tenchi's body and like the 
speed of light she vanished with Tenchi's body.  "WHAT??" he screamed 
in rage.  He walked over to Natrillus hurriedly.  "Find her and bring 
her back.  I thought I was making her the fool, but she just made me 
look like one and no one does that to.ME!!" he screamed in rage.  "NOW 
GO!!!" he moved his arms in a circle.  "ALL OF YOU!!!"  The remaining 
men ran behind Natrillus as they vanished into the forest.
***
	Tenchi opened his eyes slowly.  He felt weak and heavy that he 
couldn't move.  Using all of his strength he lifted his head to look 
up.  He saw a bunch of trees and a figure standing in front of him.  
The figure was a woman.  He smiled.

	"Ryoko," he called.  The figure turned around at the name and 
walked over to him.  She sat on her knees and smiled back.  

	"I have missed you," she said sadly.

	Tenchi felt his strength returned and rubbed a tear off her 
cheek.  He slowly sat up and rubbed hi hand along her damp cheek.  "I 
have missed you too," he said and pulled her towards him slowly and 
stopped to look in her eyes.  They were of sorrow and bitterness, but 
how he knew that would change.  He felt like he could take the pain 
away now.  Then, he slowly pressed his lips against hers.  The two 
embraced and the separated their lips.  Ryoko slightly blushed as she 
closed her eyes and tilted her head toward the grass beneath them.  
Tenchi's heart pumped faster as her features shined under the 
moonlight.  He smiled and raised her chin to him.  At the touch of his 
finger on her chin, she slowly opened her eyes.  He saw the pain in her 
eyes again as two drops washed down her cheek.

	"Don't cry, I will not lose you again," he said and wrapped his 
arms around her.   
		
 "I am afraid you will," she said in his ear sadly.

Tenchi pulled away.  His heart almost stopped at her words.  He 
looked into her eyes and saw she was telling the truth.  "Why?" he 
uttered slowly.  "What is going to happen?"

"I am not alive," she said as more tears trailed out of her eyes.  
"I am the Sanctus Eversor, your enemy."

"No, you will never be my enemy, I promise," he said sternly 
trying to keep her focus on him.  

"You don't understand.  I know about the dreams you have had.  
You still don't know what I am?" she cried pushing her face into his 
chest.

"I just know you are supposed to be the one that destroys this 
world," he said with tension, "but that doesn't have to be.  We can 
live our own lives," he smiled.

"Not me," she said coldly.  "Tenchi," she called sternly to get 
his attention.  Tenchi stopped and watched as she pulled her head away 
and looked at him.  "Tenchi, I am the fourth horseman of the 
Apocalypse.  I am Death," she finished as she watched his eyes grow in 
fear at her words.

"You can't be," he said in disbelief.  Her head nodded at him 
sadly.  "No," he shook his head in denial. 

"You know what that means," she said leaning over to look into 
his eyes as he tried to look away.  

"It can't be," he fought back his tears.  "They take your life 
and now your soul," he snarled feeling the anger toward them.  "I can't 
be with you after this, can I?" he asked feeling his loss return.

"No," she mumbled quietly.  "I will be tossed into the Lake of 
Fire, and there is nothing we can do.  Death's power is inside me now.  
It is too late to stop it," she said sadly.

"Quickly, this way!" came an echo of a man's voice.
	"It's them," she said in fear.  "This is where we part.  I 
have to go with them."

"Ryoko, can't we just run?" he asked as his own tears traveled 
down his cheeks.

"I can't.  Then, this place will be a living hell with Malum 
Dominus ruling over it.  He wants to see people suffer, and death now 
has a pact with them.  As long as I am alive, there will be disease and 
suffering," she explained.  She pulled him closer and kissed him one 
last time and pulled away quickly.  "Go, I will lead them away from 
you.  Go back to the grave and get your grandfather.  From there, you 
stay alive until the Sanctus Redemptor comes," she said almost 
demanding. 

"I." Tenchi spoke, but was interrupted by her finger to his lips.  

"Don't," she ordered.  "Otherwise, I will not be able to do 
this," she said sadly, but smiled to show that she knew what he wanted 
to say.  "Good bye," she whispered and leaped into the bushes.

Tenchi smiled sadly and stood to his feet and ran the other way.  
He could hear a commotion as the men behind him started shouting in the 
night.  "They found her," he spoke sadly.  "Good bye!"


TO BE CONTINUED.

	This is the end of Part II.  Thanks for the long wait.  I know 
this is shorted compared to the first one, but I will make that up in 
the third one.  Let me know what you think of the story.  It was not 
easy to write this part of the story.  Now, I can begin on the last 
part of the trilogy where darkness covers the universe and wars break 
out everywhere.  I can promise a lot more action in this next one, 
since all the characters are finally in the open except for one.  
However, that will change soon.  Please send your comments to 
washu@saiyan.com.  I enjoy knowing what you think of my stories.  
Thanks again for reading.




	
