Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  
WARNING: THIS IS A LEMON, NO CHILDREN UNDER 18!  THANK YOU.  


Tenchi Muyo!
Undesirable Fate


	The night was dark and cold as the winter storm blew 
across the mountains.  Snow fell to the white covered 
ground.  The strong winds blew the snow that it felt like 
needles as it connected with skin.  

	Ryoko continued on with her training.  She was 
freezing, but quitting now would be pointless.  She had to 
keep her training; otherwise, she would lose her sanity to 
the pain of killing people under Kagato's control.  Their 
faces of horror and their pleas for help still haunt her, 
and she still killed them.  
 
	She fired a blast of energy and swatted it into the 
sky.  She instantly teleported above the ball of energy and 
repeated the pattern.  She continued, but she almost fell 
as all her energy left her.  She fell into the cold snow as 
the energy crashed somewhere behind her.  

	"What is wrong with me?" she asked wearily and fell 
into a deep sleep.
***
	Ryoko fluttered her eyes open.  She tilted her head to 
the left.  Her lungs felt on fire.  Her throat felt like it 
has been stung by a swarm of bees.  She felt cold all over.  

	Her vision was blurry as someone was watching her.  
"Who's there?" she asked feeling like she was in a 
deathbed.

	"Just rest, Ryoko," came Tenchi's concerned voice.

	"What is wrong with me?" she asked, but grunted as her 
throat throbbed.

	"You caught pneumonia.  You should be dead after being 
in that weather asleep for six hours.  We didn't know you 
were gone until this morning," he licked his lips and 
handed her a glass of water.  "I was really worried about 
you.  Drink this.  It will give your throat some relief," 
he smiled as he tilted the glass on her lips and watched 
the water flow into her mouth.

	She smiled as the cool liquid brought her some relief.  
She pulled the cover tightly around her, and closed her 
eyes.  She would consider his caring for her in the 
morning.  She just wanted to get away from this miserable 
feeling she had.  She's never had pneumonia before.  

	Tenchi smiled as she slept.  She was sicker than he 
thought.  How could her tell her?  Tokimi infected her with 
a virus.  The truth was far from what he told her.  They 
found her in an hour.  Ryoko left after the battle and they 
have been tracking her down since, but he didn't know why 
she left.  It didn't matter.  He had to help find a cure.  
Ryoko only had two weeks to live.  He sat back remembering 
what happened.
***
	Fire surrounded Tokimi's palace.  Ayeka was imprisoned 
in some sort of electric field.  Tenchi was paralyzed from 
an attack.  Ryoko remained fighting the goddess.  Washu 
watched in worry as her daughter struggled against Tokimi's 
power.

	"I am going to kill you," she snarled.

	"Really," Tokimi smiled in amusement.  "How about I 
kill you?" she laughed.

	"Try it, I'm ready.  Are you?" Ryoko returned the 
smile.

	"You FOOL!!" Tokimi screamed and a wave of energy 
flowed over Ryoko's body.  The energy was black and turned 
Ryoko's skin the same color and vanished.  Ryoko's skin 
also returned to its color.

	"Is that the best you can do?" Ryoko laughed in 
victory.

	"NOOOOO!!!!" Washu screamed realizing it was a death 
spell.  She didn't know what type, but it was obviously one 
that creates a deadly disease.

	Ryoko turned to Washu in surprise.  Tokimi took this 
as her opportunity to strike.  Her dark energy coursed 
around her body.  

	Tenchi watched the sight in horror.  "Ryoko, look 
out!" he screamed and closed his eyes.  He couldn't watch 
her die.

	Ryoko moved like the speed of light.  She flew around 
the energy that was coming after her and lowered her sword 
through the black energy.  Slicing down slowly as the 
energy tried to push her up.

	"This is my destiny Tokimi.  This is what my mother 
created me for.  Now, prepare for your destiny," she yelled 
over the clashing of her sword with Tokimi's spell.

	"NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"  Tokimi screamed as Ryoko's sword 
sliced through her body.  

Tenchi opened his eyes to see Ryoko standing over him.  
He heard a scream, but Tokimi was gone.  Did they win?  
Ryoko shook her head sadly and teleported away.  

"Tenchi free Ayeka," Washu ordered running up behind 
him.  

"Right," he said and crawled to his feet and sliced 
the light hawk sword through Ayeka's imprisonment.   The 
energy ceased without a trace.   

"Tenchi!" Ayeka yelled in relief.  She ran into his 
arms and they embraced.

"Hurry up, you two.  We have to go after her," Washu 
said impatiently.

"What's wrong, Washu?" Tenchi asked turning to face 
the worried scientist.

"Tokimi infected Ryoko with a deadly disease.  If we 
don't find her and let me examine her, she will die," Washu 
said hurriedly.

"Where did she go?" he asked a little confused.

"I don't know, but I will give you the reason why 
later.  Let's just go look for her," Washu ordered.

"Let's go," Tenchi said seriously.
***
	Tenchi looked up in surprise.  He got up and closed 
Ryoko's door.  "Washu!" he called.

	"What is it, Tenchi?" came a muffled reply.

	"Why did Ryoko leave that day?" he asked.

	Washu's face lit up in anger and surprise.  "Men, you 
are so clueless.  What happened with you and Ayeka before 
she was going to go to Jurai?" she asked leading him to 
realize it for himself.

	"We talked, and then she asked me to kiss her," he 
said realizing something that he thought Ryoko didn't know 
about. 

	"Go on," Washu said eagerly.

	"One thing led to another and we.did it," he said 
hesitantly.

	"Did what?"  Washu asked tauntingly.  She wanted him 
to say it.  After all, he was to blame for Ryoko's behavior 
of wanting to get herself killed.

	"We had sex," he said shyly and with shame.

	"Indeed, and Ryoko saw you both naked.  You were 
sticking your dick up her ass when she found you two," 
Washu said in anger.  "You could have told her your 
feelings, instead of going off to let her catch you fucking 
Ayeka.  Did you even know why she was searching for you?"
	"No," Tenchi said sadly.

	"Because you promised her that you would take her to a 
baseball game," she said trying to hold back her anger.

	Tenchi gulped at his own stupidity.  He did promise 
her, but instead he lost his virginity for Ayeka.  "I'm 
sorry," he said sympathetically.

	"I forgave you a long time ago, but she didn't.  That 
is why I am telling you this.  Her heart is destroyed.  
Every purpose of living is gone.  You took away the demons 
that haunted her.  She killed millions of innocent lives, 
and the only way to get her mind off of it was being with 
you or training like she was when we found her.  She is 
known as a demon, but instead of taking souls, she fights 
to keep hers alive," Washu explained.  "If you will excuse 
me, I have to get back to work," she said turning back and 
continued her research.

	Tenchi walked back to Ryoko's room and leaned on the 
wall in disappointment of himself.
***
	Ryoko squirmed in her sheets as she dreamed.  A 
nightmare that was no nightmare, but a memory that was 
replaying in her dream.
***
	In Ryoko's dream.

	She raced through the woods in delight.  The sun 
shined brightly.  She never wore a baseball cap before, but 
this time she did.  Tenchi promised to take her to a 
professional baseball game.  She was so excited.

	She leaped into a grove and tucked her baseball shirt 
into her jeans.  She tightened her belt and stopped at the 
sound of something new.  She crept over the bushes to see 
Tenchi kissing Ayeka.  His hand was in her robe.

	Her heart blew into many pieces.  This was the least 
thing she expected to find.  Tears crept down her cheek.  

	She almost screamed her shame even more realizing that 
Tenchi was screwing Ayeka.  She turned away as Tenchi 
unraveled Ayeka's robe.  The pain was too much.  She ran 
the other way and teleported into the cave.  

	The cave was dark, but it seemed to bring out her 
misery.  She cried onto her shirt.  How could he do this to 
her?  How long has it been going on?  And Why?  She 
couldn't understand.  This was supposed to be her day, but 
instead it was the worst day of her life.  

	"I hate myself for ever thinking that he could fall in 
love with me," she moaned.

	"And why is that?" asked a cold, but familiar voice.

	"Tokimi," she hissed and turned to see the dead 
goddess.
	
	"Yes, but no.  I am the virus that is plaguing your 
system.  Since I now know you are willing to die, my virus 
will end your life in one week's time," she smiled.  

	Ryoko sat there in disbelief.  "Lies," she cried out.

	"What you believe Tenchi's pneumonia theory.  I assure 
you that he is lying.  For one thing, pneumonia wouldn't 
make your throat sore as it is now," she explained holding 
the small, wry grin.

	"Leave me alone!" Ryoko screamed.

	"I will.  Now that I know, my death will be avenged," 
she laughed.
***
	Ryoko woke up in a start.  She couldn't breathe.  Was 
the dream real?  Was Tokimi telling the truth?  She glanced 
over to see Tenchi looking at he worriedly.

	"Ryoko, I can't lie to you, as much as Washu says it 
is for your own good, but you are very sick.  It is not 
pneumonia.  We don't know what it is, but it is killing 
you," he said sadly.

	Ryoko sunk back in her pillow.  She was dying.  First, 
Tenchi and Ayeka fall in love, and now this.  Was her fate 
always cursed?

	"I know you are upset, but forgive me," he said not 
looking up at her.

	"I forgive you," she said through her pacing breath.  

	Tenchi looked at her in disbelief.  How could she 
forgive him so easily?  Did he not break her heart? 

	"Then don't die on me," he pleaded.
	
	"You would say that," she coughed as blood trickled 
out of her mouth.
	
	Tenchi wiped it up with a damp towel resting at her 
side.  He never thought he would see her like this.  He 
frowned looking into her teary, shiny eyes.    

	"I won't let you die." he stopped and looked deep into 
her eyes, "at least not alone," he whispered sadly.

	Ryoko's eyes grew in fear, "No," she gasped weakly.  
She sat up and pushed him away.  "You mustn't, you will get 
the disease," she spoke in fear of him coming near her.
	"I don't think so," he said with a small smile.  They 
reason why we can't cure you is because it isn't a disease.  
It has to be some sort of poison," he explained.  "You are 
convulsing blood, that is evidence."

	He leaped out of Ryoko's room and shouted for Washu.  
The sleepy scientist came and looked at him angrily.  "What 
is it?" she snapped.

	"Ryoko isn't sick; she has been poisoned," he 
explained happily.

	"I thought that, but still, there is no cure.  I don't 
know what type of poison it is.  The symptoms are no 
symptoms that I have seen for a type of poison," she said 
shaking her head sadly.

	"Tenchi!" Ayeka called.

	"Be right there," he hollered back.  "I have to go.  I 
promised Ayeka I would help with the laundry.  Please, let 
me help, if I can," he said and left when Washu remained 
silent.

	"Mom," mumbled the weak words.  

	Washu's heart stopped.  Did Ryoko call her mom?  A 
tear dropped down her cheek.  That is the only time Ryoko 
spoke to her was when she needed help.

	"Yes," she answered sadly.  She turned to her 
daughter's side.  

	"Kill me.  I am suffering too much.  Don't let me die 
like this," she whimpered.  Her eyes looked like an injured 
deer that was shot.

	Washu's eyes grew in surprise.  Kill her!  That was 
the last thing she intended to do.  "I can't," she said 
sadly as Ryoko went back into a coma.  Washu instantly made 
a deeper scan over Ryoko's body.  Her eyes grew in surprise 
as something was sighted on the scanner that she never saw 
before.

	"Oh my God," she froze and tapped into her daughter's 
memories.  "How could you of had and lost a child?  How did 
I not know," she said in shock.
***
	Ryoko sat in her room playing with Ryo-Ohki, her only 
friend.  She got to see her mother everyday, but her mother 
would not talk back.  Her master says it is because her 
mother is being held in there to keep her alive.

	Ryoko looked up as the door to her room opened.  A man 
in dark robes walked in with an evil grin on his face.  
"Come here, Ryoko," he said snobbishly.

	Ryoko did as she was bid, but looked down at the 
ground.  She was afraid to look into her master's eyes.  He 
made her do terrible things, and she couldn't fight against 
his control.

	"What is it master?" she asked obediently.

	The man replied by grabbing her arms.  "Leave us, Ryo-
Ohki," he ordered.  Ryo-Ohki replied hesitantly.  "NOW!" he 
yelled.  Ryo-Ohki instantly ran out of the room.

	He ripped Ryoko's white night gown off.  Her milky 
skinned body glistened from the light in the room.  Ryoko 
shivered covering her naked body with her arms.

	"I didn't tell you to cover up," he snarled.  He 
grabbed her wrists and leaned over to suck on her young 
tight breast.

	Ryoko squirmed in disgust.  The man pushed her on to 
her bed and stepped in between her legs.  She couldn't 
close them.

	"No," she shuddered in fear, her head shaking 
furiously.  The man smiled and nodded greedily.    He 
opened up his robe and moved to where his skin touched 
hers.
"NO!" she screamed as he pushed her up and back.  She 
struggled to get away, but he hit her across the face.  
"Mommy," she cried.  "MOMMY!!"
***
	One month later.

	"Take this, Ryoko," ordered her master.
	
	Ryoko shook in fear.  She had no idea what was wrong 
with her.  She was feeling odd.  

	"It will make you feel better," he smiled.

	Ryoko took it hesitantly, as she watched him closely.

	"Go on," he gestured.

	The cool liquid tasted awful as it slid down her 
throat.  She grasped her stomach as a shot of pain zipped 
through.  She grasped and began to sweat in pain.  Then, 
the pain ceased and the feeling was gone.  She felt back to 
normal, but what did he do to her?
***
	Washu opened her eyes in sadness and anger.  "That 
bastard, Kagato, he kill his own baby and yours.  He didn't 
even bother to remove it from her body, and above all, he 
raped my daughter," she cried.  She could still hear Ryoko 
calling her for help, and she wasn't there.  Her daughter 
hasn't even fully developed, because she was only fourteen.

	"Washu, are you crying?" Tenchi asked in concern.
	Washu was so hurt by her daughter's pain she was still 
mumbling what Kagato did to her daughter.  "She called for 
me, and I wasn't there.  Kagato ruined my daughter."

	"Washu, what do you mean?" he said holding the sad 
scientist.  She could only point at the image on the 
scanner.  Tenchi's eyes lit up as he recognized an embryo 
when he saw one.  "My God, she was pregnant," he gasped.  
"Kagato did this?" he asked grinding his teeth in anger.

	"Yes," cried Washu.  "He then killed it, so he would 
only have to worry about Ryoko.  She never knew."

	"That bastard," Tenchi snarled.  Tenchi comforted 
Washu, as he tried to seep in the news.
***
	Tenchi walked into the living room and sat down on the 
couch.  His eyes were glazed as he felt pity for Ryoko.  
She never had a chance to live her own life.  Every 
possible sin, she faced by someone forcing her into it.  

	"Is Ryoko going to be okay, Tenchi?" asked Sasami 
wearing her usual Jurai attire.  Her face was of worry, and 
her eyes glazed with tears.

	"I hope not," he said starring at the blank T.V.  "I 
just learned something that I am probably too young myself 
to deal with."

	"What is it?" asked Sasami sincerely, and taking a 
seat beside him.

	"I'll tell you when you're older.  Not to be mean, but 
this is something that I am sure Ryoko wouldn't want to go 
around, if she knew," he said sadly.

	"Okay," Sasami smiled comfortingly.  "She doesn't 
know?" Sasami asked more confused than before.

	"No, she didn't know she was pregnant and Kagato 
killed it, but never took it out of her body," he explained 
the part he figured he could get away with.

	"Poor Ryoko!  Is Kagato the father?" she asked, almost 
afraid of the answer.

	Tenchi could only nod to her question.  He couldn't 
bare the thought of it being true.  Another thing that 
bothered him is that Ryoko never seemed to act like it ever 
happened.  How could she handle the murder movies she 
watched?

	"He raped her, didn't he?" Sasami spoke out.  "I had a 
feeling he did, so did Ayeka," she said sadly.

	"How did you know?" Tenchi asked confused.

	"Ryoko spoke about it one time, and that was the only 
time.  She wasn't specific, but the way she covered herself 
as she mentioned his name." Sasami spoke remembering the 
event.
***
	Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami sat in the onsen.  Life was 
normal, but Ayeka had an unusual glare in her eye.

	"Tell me, Ryoko," she started insecurely.  "What was 
it like under Kagato's control?"

	Ryoko's eyes pivoted in surprise.  Her face melted 
into depression as she gripped her arms tightly around her 
body.  She acted as if he was moving toward her.  Her lips 
quivered and she began to shiver violently.  One hand 
lingered down to cover herself up like a chastity belt.  

	"Kagato was.a.nightmare," she mumbled due to her 
shivering and teleported away.  
***
	Sasami looked at Tenchi, "Ayeka instantly knew.  She 
made me promise not to tell anyone.  Ryoko probably would 
have killed herself if anyone knew.  Her emotions were so 
unstable for what he did to her."  Sasami cried on Tenchi's 
shoulder.

	"It's okay, Sasami.  I don't think Ryoko actually knew 
what he did.  For if she didn't know she was pregnant, then 
I doubt she ever truly knew what happened to her.  She only 
feels the desire for it, but has no idea what it is," 
Tenchi explained trying not to use the word.

	"I think I understand," Sasami sniffed.  Realizing 
Tenchi's embarrassment over the discussion, she decided to 
play innocent.  Royalty or anyone else should not discuss 
matters of sex, but only by the couple that shares the 
marriage bed.  That is what she was taught.

	Tenchi nodded, "Where is Ayeka?" he asked.

	"She is talking to Grandpa," she said, her eyes always 
shinning with their innocence.  

	"I better talk to her.  She is probably feeling 
rejected with my attention to Ryoko," he sighed.  He got up 
and left Sasami alone on the couch with Ryo-Ohki resting on 
her lap.
***
	Tenchi climbed the steps to the shrine to see Ayeka 
looking into the distant trees.  She seemed to be in awe at 
whatever she saw.

	"Ayeka?" he asked standing beside her.  "What is it?" 
he paused to let her speak.

	"I am just enjoying the view," she sighed at its 
beauty.  

	"Something else is wrong, tell me," he said taking her 
hand in his.

	"Why did we make love?" she asked in disappointment 
and confusion.  

	Tenchi froze at the question.  He never thought about 
why, but how?  He wished he could answer her question.  "I 
don't know, but why do you ask?"

	"I am afraid that I am losing you," she said standing 
her ground and fighting her emotions.  

	Tenchi could only look at his feet in shame. Why did 
these women fall in love with him?  Every time he made one 
feel better the other would complain that he loves the 
other more.  This was his fault.

	"I'm sorry, Ayeka," he said stroking her tear away.  
"I have caused more pain than I have intended to.  
Especially you," he commented rubbing her cheek with the 
palm of his hand.

	Ryoko didn't matter anymore.  He couldn't help, but 
feel regret.  Was her destiny to be in hell for eternity?  
This was wrong.  He couldn't allow her to suffer anymore.  
What to do?
***
	This was perfect.  Everything went as he anticipated 
it would.  Glorious victory was to be his.  Tokimi did as 
exactly as he suspected, and now Ryoko was his and his 
alone.

	He walked over to the table and stroked her soft hair.  
The touch was the same, just as he remembered it.  He 
kissed her soft, tender forehead.  The milky skin warmed 
his lips to the touch.

	"Who's there?" called a familiar voice.

	His eyes flinched in anger.  It was her, Washu.  She 
did this to his precious Ryoko.  It was only fair he gave 
her what she deserved a long time ago.  Ryoko was never 
meant to be hers.  She belonged to him.  
	
	He hid behind the corridor.  This was perfect than he 
thought, but the others would know.  No matter.  Washu 
would not be able to talk when he was finished with her.
***
	Washu peeked into Ryoko's room.  Ryoko was a sleep in 
her medical bed.  "Odd!  I could have sworn I heard 
something," she said to her self and stepped in.  She took 
a few steps and screamed as pain beyond her imagination 
surrounded her body.  
***
	Tenchi hugged Ayeka in his arms.  He looked at the 
house and saw a bright light flash around it.

	"Hurry, Ayeka!" he hollered and ran toward the house.  
He watched as the rest of the family ran inside the house.  
What was going on?
***
	He threw Washu into the wall and watched as blood 
dripped down the wall.  Washu slid to the floor leaving 
crimson blood to paint down the wall.  That should be 
enough to suffice his deed.  

	"You!" she mumbled in pain.  Her lips shook as she 
felt cold and weak.  The sight of the ghostly figure 
vanished as darkness cover her eyes.

	He cradled Ryoko in his arms.  A smile appeared on his 
face.  Ryoko began to shiver uncontrollably in his arms.

	"Careful, Ryoko," he said cautiously.  "You are safe 
with me," he smiled and vanished in the darkness of the lab 
with Ryoko in his arms.
***
	Mihoshi staggered over the limp body of Washu.  
Washu's blood leaked all around her.  She grabbed Washu's 
hand professionally, and carried her to the medical bed.  
She instantly began to rip Washu's shirt open.  With her 
free hand, she started to clean the wound.

	"Mihoshi, what's going on?" Tenchi's voice hollered 
from the entrance.

	She ignored him as she continued cleaning the wound.  
She jumped as Tenchi shrieked in worry as he saw the blood 
on the wall.	"Tenchi, don't just stand there, hand me the 
bandages resting over there.  Also, get needle and thread," 
she ordered sternly.

	Tenchi did as ordered, but asked him self is this 
Mihoshi?  He handed her the needle and thread and stood 
beside her silently holding the bandages.  He watched 
patiently, as she began to sew over Washu's wound.  

	"Bandages," she called holding out her hand.  She took 
them from Tenchi's free hand and wrapped it around Washu's 
chest and back.  She pinned the bandages, and began 
connecting life systems on Washu.  Turning on the monitor, 
she watched as Washu's life signs highlighted the screen.  
She was alive, but barely.

	She sat back in a chair in relief.  She looked back at 
Tenchi in confusion.  "What's wrong?" she asked talking 
like her usual clumsy self.

	Tenchi shook his head, and said, "Never mind.  What 
happened?"

	"You know as much as I do," she answered looking 
around Washu's lab.

	"You're the detective, figure it out!" he almost 
yelled.

	Mihoshi's eyes grew cold as she looked at him.  She 
gave a small smile as he gave her that face of being 
awestruck.

	"What's the matter?" she teased, sounding more like a 
mature woman, but with a soldier's tone.  "Not as dumb as I 
sound and act?" she smiled.

	Tenchi could only nod in confusion.

	"Sorry, I was undercover, but an idiot wouldn't know 
how to do what I just did, so the gig was up.  I played 
dumb to confuse my enemies.  They would underestimate me, 
and I could bring them in with ease.  Until you caught me," 
she explained.  "As for what is going on?  Here is what I 
know," she stood up and gave another smile noticing the now 
awestruck group of Ayeka, Sasami, Katsuhito, and Nobuyoki.  
"Someone came in here, tried to kill Washu and took Ryoko 
alive and unharmed."

	"How do you know?" Tenchi asked.

	"There are no signs of a struggle on Ryoko's bed.  The 
only struggle is right by that wall where I found Washu," 
she said pointing to the bed.  

	"What do we do?" Ayeka spoke out.

	"The obvious," Katsuhito spoke tenderly as usual.  His 
eyes squinted at Washu's limp form.  "We wait for our 
witness to speak."

	Mihoshi nodded her head like he was correct and turned 
watching the monitor of Washu's life signs.
***
	He pulled gently on her cyan hair.  Rubbing it in 
between his fingers, as he kissed her.  Her breath was 
warm, and skin soft.  He pulled away slowly.  She was so 
beautiful.

	"Rest, Ryoko, you will be home soon enough," he said 
tenderly and left her alone.
***
	"I think she is coming too," Tenchi announced.

	Washu opened her eyes slowly and looked around.  She 
felt pain, but she should be dead.  "How?" the words 
escaped her lips in a whisper.

	"Mihoshi saved you," Tenchi smiled rubbing her hand.

	"Long story," Mihoshi spoke out.  

	Washu lifted an eyebrow in admiration.  "Mihoshi," she 
said in confusion.  "You sound like a normal person," she 
said and rested back down into her pillow.  "I must be 
dead," she cackled.

	"Far from it," Ayeka said.

	"Now, Washu who took Ryoko?" Tenchi asked impatiently.

	Her weak expression changed into fear and darkness.  
"I will never forget what I saw, but Tenchi, I saw him," 
she whispered.  "I saw him.  He is not after you, but her 
now.  I hate him so much," she snarled.

	"Who, Washu?  Tell me," he insisted.

	She looked into his dark brown eyes, her face 
expressed hatred and worry.  "It was Kagato," she spoke 
like death.
***
	Tenchi sat in his room.  It was late, but he couldn't 
sleep.  He hasn't said a word since Washu told him about 
Kagato.  He couldn't understand.  How could Kagato be 
alive?  He killed him, and now he is alive and holding 
Ryoko, but for what?  Washu said that Kagato wasn't after 
him.  This was too complicated.

	Tenchi grabbed his head in frustration, and looked up 
to see Ayeka standing in front of the door.  She was still 
in her usual Jurian attire.  Her hair was just loose 
resting down her back.  

	"You're going after him, aren't you?" she asked, worry 
gleaming in her eyes.

	Tenchi could only stare and then drop his eyes to his 
feet.  She was right, but he knew she was hurting.  "I 
would, but I don't know where he is.  I could never find 
them," he said fighting his emotions.  The emotions that 
has been plaguing him for years, asking him, whom did he 
love?

	"What if I tell you it is possible?" Ayeka mumbled 
sadly.

	"What?" Tenchi gasped.  "How?"

	"I know where Kagato is going," Mihoshi spoke out from 
behind of Ayeka.

	"If you knew where he was going, then why hesitate to 
go after him," he yelled in frustration.

	"Because I didn't know for sure if he was alive," 
Mihoshi yelled in defense.  "If I went there, and it wasn't 
him, then we would surly lose Ryoko," she said sternly.

	"I am sorry," he apologized.  "I am just tired and 
have had a lot on my mind.  Forgive me," he bowed.

	"I will, but we leave in two hours.  Be ready," she 
announced and left Tenchi and Ayeka alone.
***
	Ryoko opened her eyes.  She felt horrible, but the 
room was different.  Where was she?  She didn't recognize 
this place at all.
	
	"You're awake," came the cold voice of fear itself.

	She forced herself to look toward the owner of the 
voice.  She knew the owner, but could he really be alive?  
She looked to see the same man that controlled her those 
years ago, the same man that took everything away from her.

	"I see Washu removed it," he gestured.

	"Removed what?" she muttered in fear.  She felt the 
sweat pour down her skin.  Her raced for escape.  

	"Our dead child, my dear, sweet Ryoko," he smiled.

	Ryoko froze.  Child?  She was pregnant, but how?  She 
would have given birth to it by now.  She was a mother and 
never knew it.  She knew very well what was the cause of 
her pregnancy and instantly wrapped her arms around herself 
in defense.

	"Don't worry, I killed the child.  You were too young 
to have a child.  I left it in your body, so you would 
never know, buy that bitch, Washu, took it out of you," he 
cursed.

	Ryoko felt her head spin.  She felt weak and darkness 
took over and her mixed emotions of hate and fear collided.  

	"Don't worry.  Tenchi will pay for his crimes as well.  
In fact, I shall see to that now," he whispered and left 
the room.
***
	"Tell me, what will happen to us?" Ayeka asked.  Her 
hands were clasped around his.

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked nervously.

	"Tenchi, we made love," she scolded.  "You can't just 
do that and leave me like I am some whore," she said 
angrily.  Her arms tensed at the thought of being a noble, 
but yet a whore.

	Tenchi pulled her closer.  He didn't know what to do, 
but it seemed right.  He kissed her.  They remained in 
suspense.  He pulled away.  Her eyes were filled with 
tears.

	"I have caused you more pain, than was necessary.  I 
don't know why it happened when we did." he froze trying to 
say the words and continued, "what we did.  I do know that 
I do care for you and everyone else, and I am sorry for 
what I have done.  I will make it up to you, somehow, 
someway.  I promise," he said rubbing her cheek with the 
back of his hand.  He stopped as a bright light surrounded 
them.  The red light vanished and they reappeared in a dark 
room with an old enemy standing before them.

	"Welcome to my lab, Tenchi," he greeted with 
excitement.

	"Kagato," he gasped in fright.  It was Kagato.  He was 
supposed to be dead.  "Ho."

	"How did I survive?" he interrupted.  "Simple," he 
cried in joy and took a step forward.  A smile grew on his 
face.  "I didn't," he laughed in amusement.

	"But." Tenchi started.

	"But I am here, right?"  He turned away with his back 
to his enemies.  "Yes, I suppose that does make it more 
difficult.  How could I be here if you killed me?"  He 
turned around at incredible speed, and the smile 
intensified.  "Simple, I mastered the perfection in 
cloning," he yelled at them and began to laugh 
uncontrollably.  "You should see yourselves.  You all look 
surprised, as you should be.  For I am the real Kagato, you 
killed my clone," he said sounding a little frustrated.  
"The damn thing was supposed to go after Tsunami, but my 
copy self decided to go after Ryoko, as well.  That was my 
mission, but it doesn't matter, now.  I have her with me 
forever," he spoke like a god.

	"NO!" Tenchi yelled.

	Kagato's eyes glowed from their golden color to pure 
crimson.  He brought his fist to his chest.  "What did you 
just say to me?" he snarled in anger.

	"I said she will never be yours," Tenchi said almost 
yelling.

	"What are you going to do about it?" Kagato taunted.  
"Kill me, I have done nothing to you, that was my clone.  
All I want is what is mine, and that is Ryoko," he said 
calmly.

	"Then, I would rather die," Ryoko said weakly from 
behind.

	Kagato's eyes lit up in surprise.  He turned slowly to 
see Ryoko leaning weakly against the wall.  His eyes were 
of fear.  How dare she insult him?  After all the love and 
care he has given her, she insults him.  How could she not 
return it?

	His face turned red and fear was replaced with anger, 
"Then, that can be arranged," he screamed.  "I was going to 
get the virus out of you, but since you don't want it." he 
pulled out a vile, "I will destroy it," he smiled eagerly.  
"I will just make another you."

	Ryoko teleported and grabbed the vile from his hand.  
He screamed in rage and turned to find a fist in his face.  
He leaped back pressing his hand to his jaw.  He looked to 
see Tenchi with his fists ready.

	"You dare strike me, when my back is turned.  How 
dishonorable!" he said grinding his teeth in rage.

	"You don't fight with honor, so neither will I," 
Tenchi snarled.

	"Very well," he smiled and held out his hand.  A red 
light glowed in front of him, and then Ryoko appeared.  He 
grabbed her and took the vile out of her hand.  "Then, I 
shall toss this thing away."

	Ryoko moved her arm up and knocked his into the air.  
The vile dropped to the ground, but did not break.  It 
rolled to the wall on the far side of the room.  Kagato 
pushed her forward and fired a blast of energy into her 
back.  She screamed and flew towards the ground in a loud 
thud.  

	"RYOKO!" Tenchi screamed and jumped over her.  He 
landed on top of her as more of Kagato's energy attacked.  
The energy burned as it touched Tenchi, but he would not 
allow it to touch Ryoko.

	Ryoko weakly pushed him to the side and grasped his 
shoulders.  "Tenchi!" she whispered, but his eyes remained 
closed.  She shook him gently.  "Tenchi!" she called 
worriedly.  "TENCHI!" she screamed and tears dropped onto 
his black shirt that was painted in his fresh blood.  

	"Step aside," Kagato hissed pulling her to her feet by 
her hair.  She leaped to her feet as he dragged her into 
his arms and moved back from Ayeka.  Ayeka kneeled to 
Tenchi's side.  She has been crying, since he was hit by 
Kagato's energy.  She rested his head in her lap.

	"Tenchi, stay with me," she cried.  She looked up to 
see Kagato dragging Ryoko toward some blue light.  She 
rested his head on the tiled floor and stood up.  "Rest 
here, I will do what you got hurt trying," she spoke in 
determination.  She ran toward Kagato.  "STOP!" she yelled.

	Kagato laughed as he saw Ayeka struggling to catch 
after them.  He was almost to exit of his lab, once he 
stepped through the light, he will lose his pursuers.  

	"Huh?" he froze as something was pressed into his 
spine.  The object was cylinder like.  His instinct told 
him that it was a gun.

	"Going somewhere?" Mihoshi's voice taunted from 
behind.

	"How did you get here detective?" he asked calmly.

	"Simple, I always knew where the lab was, but I never 
knew if you were still alive," she spoke coldly.  "Now, let 
the girl go, and you and I will take a nice little walk," 
she said a grin rising on her face.

	"Oh, still upset?" he taunted.  He smiled feeling the 
gun shake against his back.  He waited for it to relax, and 
spoke again, "Your sisterrrr?" he slurred the word to let 
it roll in her mind of what he did.

	"You won't get away with what you did," she said 
shakily.  "She surrendered, and you killed her, you 
bastard," he teeth collided as her anger was reaching it 
peak.  "Now, I am going to free Ryoko and myself from your 
torture," she hissed.

	"Well, I guess I am at your mercy," he grinned.

	"Mihoshi don't!" Ryoko cried. She struggled to escape 
Kagato's hold, but he was too strong.
	
	Kagato leaped into the air and Mihoshi fired.  The 
shot breezed toward Ayeka and pushed back.  She fell to the 
ground unconscious.  Mihoshi turned around to shoot from 
behind herself, but Kagato kicked the gun out of her hand 
and pulled the trigger.  Mihoshi had no time to react as 
the blast knocked her into a wall.  Ryoko screamed as he 
dragged her toward the light.

	"It is all over, Ryoko," he said with a smile.

	"At least, I know I will die with them," she sobbed.

	Kagato stopped.  He looked back into the room were 
Tenchi lay.  "You're right, I have to go get the formula.  
He split into two beings and the one on the left flew into 
the room, while the other continued his hold on Ryoko.

	The other Kagato saw the vile resting on the floor 
toward the far wall.  He kneeled and picked up the vile 
with the ice blue liquid.  He teleported to where his other 
self was standing.  They melded into the original Kagato.  

	"Well, shall we be on our way," he smiled.  Ryoko 
shivered.  "Don't worry, it won't be that bad, I promise."

	"NOOOOOOOOOO!" she screamed.
	"KAGATO!" a man's voice yelled.

	Ryoko opened her watering eyes.  He was a live.  
Tenchi stood in front of them.  His armor was of 
traditional Jurai armor.  It's elegant sea blue colors 
flowed around him.  The mark of Tsunami braced his forehead 
and in his hands was the legendary light hawk sword.

	"Tenchi," she called.

	"This time you won't win," Kagato said annoyed with 
the intrusion.

	"And why is that?" Tenchi spoke up.  

	"This is how Mihoshi's sister, which you probably 
never heard about, was when I held Mihoshi like I have 
Ryoko here.  I will never forget her skill; it was 
magnificent.  She could challenge you and win, but I played 
it smart.  All I had to do was raise my left hand like 
this," he raised his hand into the air with his palm opened 
to the ceiling.  A small light emitted from his hand.

	"NOOOOOOO!" Mihoshi screamed leaning up from her 
resting spot against the wall.  She rolled to her feet and 
felt the heat of the trap.  She ran toward Tenchi.  Raising 
her arms to grab him, she leaped toward him.  "Not again," 
she cried out.  Tenchi changed before her.  He looked like 
her older sister.  She would never forget that day.  Her 
sister gave her a warm smile as Kagato raised his hand 
those years ago.  The sad thing that bothered Mihoshi the 
most was that her sister knew she was going to die.  She 
grasped the memory of her sister's smile and corners of the 
smile stretched to each cheek.  A smile that said goodbye 
as a tear rolled down the corner of both eyes.  She didn't 
say anything as the ceiling of fire fell on her, killing 
her instantly.  She shook her head as she crashed into 
Tenchi pushing him to the opposite side of the wall.  The 
fire dropped down from the ceiling and fell to the ground.    

	"Impossible," Kagato hissed in rage.  

	"Tenchi," Mihoshi said losing her strength.  She was 
so tired.

	"Thank you," he smiled.  He hugged her tenderly and 
stood up to challenge Kagato.  He walked back into his 
position and prepared his sword to fight.  "Are you going 
to fight?" he roared.

	"Very well," he snapped dropping Ryoko to the ground.  
She fell collapsing as all of her strength vanished.  She 
was so weak, but she watched as Kagato summoned his sword.  
Kagato stood in fighting position and waited.

	"I am not like my clone.  I am more skilled and 
powerful than that garbage you killed," he smiled.

	"I don't care," Tenchi snapped.  "I just want you to 
leave us alone, but you won't until you get Ryoko.  Well, 
that isn't going to happen," he yelled.

	"Enough," he Kagato screamed and stabbed his sword for 
Tenchi.  Tenchi blocked and swung his blade for Kagato's 
head.  Kagato vanished, leaving a bewildered Tenchi.

	"What?  Where did he go?" Tenchi turned cautiously.

	"Right here," Kagato cried as he pounced his foot into 
Tenchi's skull.  Tenchi fell back into the wall grasping 
his head with his left hand.

	"Now, you die," Kagato battle, cried.  He charged 
again his sword ready to finish Tenchi off, but it vanished 
from his hands and he threw his fist into Tenchi's jaw.  
Tenchi's head hit the wall.  He dropped his blade as 
Kagato's knee collided into his chest.  Tenchi cried in 
pain as he could hear his own ribs break from the kick.  He 
spit out blood as Kagato rammed his fists into Tenchi nose.  
He continued connecting his fists and knees into Tenchi 
bodied.  He could only laugh and kick harder and faster as 
Tenchi's bodied became weakened and battered through every 
blow.

	Tenchi's vision was blurry.  He couldn't see Kagato 
clearly or Ryoko.  He couldn't even scream as he felt his 
warm blood cover his entire face.  His vision was 
highlighted in red as he fell to his knees.

	Kagato grinned and threw his knee into Tenchi's face 
knocking his head into the wall.  He slowly released his 
knee from Tenchi's face smiled as Tenchi got back to 
sitting up straight.  

	Tenchi looked where he guessed Ryoko was and collapsed 
on to his gut.  Ryoko watched in horror as he fell to the 
ground his lips moving as if he was sorry.

	"Now, it ends," Kagato bellowed and summoned his sword 
again.  He flipped it to where the blade pointed at 
Tenchi's spine.  "Goodbye, Tenchi," he slurred the name, as 
he giggled in triumph.

	Ryoko felt unbelievable power reside through her body 
as she struggled to her feet.  The power of her desires, 
her will, and her love collided to give her strength.  She 
stood up straight and tightened her fists.  

	"You will fight me," she said coldly.

	"What?" he gasped in surprise.  "This is new," he 
laughed.  "Very well, I will teach you an important 
lesson."  He stepped off of Tenchi and deactivated his 
sword.  He signaled her to attack with his hand.  

	Ryoko smiled in eagerness.  She flew into his chest 
colliding her fists into his gut.  Kagato tossed his foot 
out, but she leaped over him and caught his other leg that 
was kicking back.  She twirled around and caught his hand.  
She leaped into the air dropping her foot into his face.  
He leaped back in shock. 

	He smiled, but the smile vanished as he placed his 
hand on a spot that felt warm on the corner of his bottom 
lip.  He pulled it away to see the red, warm blood smeared 
on his index finger.  He looked back at her in fury and 
charged releasing a yell of rage.  He kicked her in the 
stomach sending her flying into the ceiling and teleported 
above her.  He punched his fist into her back, as he 
admired the blood that convulsed out of her mouth.  He 
grabbed her by the throat and with his free hand continued 
punching her in the face.  Ryoko began to cough as his 
blows connected.  Black blood spewed out of her mouth.  

	Kagato grinded his teeth in rage and kicked his knee 
as hard as he could into her rib cage.  He smiled 
uncontrollably as he heard each bone break from the kick.  
He gazed at her battered body as the black blood began to 
flow out of her mouth.  

	Ryoko raised her tightened fist to her chest and 
squared it with Kagato's heart.  She gave him a wink, and 
while he starred at her in confusion she knocked the fist 
deep into his chest.  Kagato let her go grasping his hand 
over his heart.  Ryoko slid her knee into his jaw knocking 
him back.  Kagato opened his hand and an energy blast 
collided into Ryoko.  She screamed a deathly cry as she 
fell to the ground.  She convulsed as more black blood left 
her body.  

	Kagato floated toward her and stepped up.  This was 
exactly what he had dreamed of.  She was his for sure now.  
She would never challenge his authority again.   He took 
another step, as an evil grin grew on his face with each 
step.  A sound alerted him.

	"NO!" he cried turning around, but could only grumble 
in pain as a sword slid into his heart right after he 
turned to meet it.  Kagato started to convulse his own 
blood as his hand gripped the blade of the sword that 
rested in his heart.  He watched as blood began to drip 
from the hand.  He slowly looked up at the owner of the 
sword with admiration.  He felt his anger rise as the 
features of Tenchi appeared before his eyes.  "How?" he 
whispered weakly.  

	"You never hurt my family," he scolded coldly.  

	Kagato's eyebrow lifted in surprise.  He faltered to 
the ground as he felt his strength leaving his body.  "I 
was so close to victory, and now it is all gone," he spoke 
in disbelief.  He looked at Tenchi again with a huge smile 
on his face.  "But, I will have the last laugh," he said 
greedily.  He reached into his black robe and pulled out a 
blue vile.  He squeezed his hand around the vile and the 
vile broke releasing its contents onto the floor.  It 
evaporated instantly as it was released from the vile.  
Kagato laughed maniacally as he starred into Tenchi's eyes.  
He watched as Tenchi became angrier.  Tenchi pulled the 
sword out of Kagato's body.  He raised it above his head, 
not moving his eyes from Kagato.  He sliced down cutting 
the head from his shoulders.  Kagato's head flew toward 
Tenchi's feet and the body fell away to the ground.  Tenchi 
stepped over the head and ran to where Ryoko lay.

	He leaned beside her and rested her head on his lap.  
"Ryoko," he called worriedly.  He returned to his normal 
clothing as the power of the light hawk left him.  

	"You came," she whispered weakly.  

	"I would never leave you to die," he said sadly.  "I 
lost the cure," he whined.

	Ryoko placed her hand weakly against his cheek.  
"Don't cry.  I hate people who cry," she said with a small 
smile.  She almost laughed as he tried to straighten 
himself up.
	
	"I failed you," he said stroking her hair.  "I failed 
to protect you, I failed to be your friend, and above all, 
I failed to love you," he said feeling the weight of loss 
drop as wet tears down his face.  "I don't want you to 
die," he cried.

	"I will be a live," she gulped trying not cry herself.  
She looked up in disbelief.  "Tenchi," she called slowly.  
He leaned toward her.  "I wish I could have gone to that 
baseball game with you," she said starring up into the 
ceiling.

	"You will, just hang on," he encouraged.  

	"I see your mother and grandmother," she whispered.  
"They're beautiful," she said in admiration.  "Tenchi," she 
called more worriedly.  "Tenchi," came the call more 
eagerly.  "I don't want to die," she cried.  Tenchi hugged 
her instantly.  

	"You won't," he cried.

	"Tenchi," she called again.  "Place flowers by my 
grave on my birthday, and don't put me in that cave.  My 
mom will know when I was born."  She seemed to panic as her 
eyes fluttered as if she was falling asleep.  "Tenchi," she 
screamed grasping his hand weakly. 

	"I am here," he said holding on to her.

	"I just want you to remember meeeeeee." she said and 
fell into his lap.  She ceased to breathe and seemed 
peaceful in his lap.

	"I won't Ryoko," he cried.  "I won't," and he cried on 
to her chest.  She was so afraid, and he let her down.  The 
carnival ended, and he never took her to that baseball 
game.  "RYOKO!!" he called toward the heavens.  "RYOKO!!"
***
	Two days later.
 	
	Tenchi sat on the roof alone.  Today was Ryoko's 
unknown birthday.  It was also the day that Washu gave up 
trying to revive her daughter.  It was hard on her.  Washu 
cried out that now she lost two children.  Tenchi hasn't 
seen her all day.  Ryoko was to be buried in a little 
meadow by the shrine.  Tenchi smiled as he remembered her 
always sitting on that old tree.  It was her favorite place 
to be when the sun rose.  She showed it to him once, and 
she was right the sun was beautiful where the watched it 
rise.

	He shook his head in bitterness, but those days were 
gone for good.  He was glad everyone else was okay.  
Mihoshi has recovered through most of her injuries, and 
Ayeka was just shaken up, but okay.  Sasami and Ryo-Ohki 
are in the kitchen crying.  He could still hear her cry, as 
she would cut the carrots to make Ryoko's favorite dish.  
She did this in Ryoko's memory.  His dad and grandfather 
were at his mother's grave.  They were praying for his mom 
to take care of Ryoko.  They weren't themselves either.  
Both remained quiet since it happened.  They miss her too.  
Even Ayeka misses her.  Ayeka has constantly looked up at 
the beam that Ryoko always relaxed on.  Then, she would go 
to her room, and probably cry.  

	"Her smile is gone," he said sadly to himself.  "She 
won't come from behind me anymore and give me a hug," he 
sniffed as the tears fell.  "She.won't flirt with me.and 
beg me.to kiss her," he cried.  "I miss you," he yelled 
into the sky.  

	"Do you?" came a woman's voice from behind.

	Tenchi turned back slowly.  His heart paced in 
excitement, but stopped as he saw the incredible.  "Ryoko," 
he whispered in disbelief.

	She floated above the roof.  Her white robes blew 
around her body.  She was beautiful.  He watched as her 
bare feet landed without a sound on to the roof, and she 
sat beside him.  Her smile pressed sincerely across her 
face.  She looked at him like an innocent kitten.

	"Are you real?" he asked wearily.

	"Kind of," she replied.  "I can't stay long, but I 
want you to know that it will not be the end," she said as 
a tear dropped down her cheek.  Tenchi tried to catch it, 
but it fell through his hand like it was a hologram.  Her 
smile vanished when she knew he understood.  

	"You're not coming back," he said sadly.

	"I can't," she said in the same tone.

	"I can't live without you," he cried.

	"But you can," she argued.  "Remember me, and I will 
be in your dreams.  We can still do the game, but through 
your dreams," she explained sincerely.  She leaned toward 
him wanting to feel him, but she knew she couldn't.  

	"Ryoko, I can't," he complained.  

	"You have to," she said pretending to snuggle up to 
his shoulder.  "Take care of Ayeka, you have always loved 
her."

	"No," he said shaking his head.  "I love you," he 
spoke trying to grab her hand.

	"Don't," she began to cry.  "You are making it hard.  
I lost you a long time ago," she whimpered.  

	"You never did," he said eagerly.  "I went astray, but 
I know I love you, now," he cried.  "I just want to feel 
you again."

	Ryoko looked up into the sky as the tears fell.  "I 
have to go," she said sadly.   "They are calling me back.  
I will see you in your dreams," she smiled placing her 
finger to his lips.  "Just remember me," she said and 
vanished in a golden light.

	"Ryoko," he cried as she vanished.  He tried to grab 
the light, but it was gone.  He pulled out a dagger that 
was resting in his pocket.  This was the only way.  He 
couldn't take it any longer.

	"Tenchi!" scolded another woman's voice.  One that was 
familiar, but not.  He turned to see another woman standing 
before him.  "What are you doing?" she said angrily.

	"I miss her.  You don't understand," he said 
ignorantly.

	"I do because you did the same when I died.  Praise 
your father for being there," she said.

	Tenchi's eyes lit up in surprise.  "Mother," he spoke.  
He leaped and ran to her.  "Mother," he yelled in joy.  
"You're here."

	"Yes, to stop you from making a grave mistake.  Do you 
think Ryoko would want you to do this?" she asked 
worriedly. 

	"I don't care.  Everyone I loved is there, and I want 
to be with them," he said determinedly.  

	"And what about the loved ones here?" she asked.  
"Will they not miss you?" 

	Tenchi dropped the dagger in realization.  "What am I 
to do?" he cried falling to his knees.

	"Wait," she advised with a tender smile.  "Your 
journey has not ended, yet," she said.  "I am here to warn 
you of a threat much worse than Kagato," she explained.  

	"What do you mean?" he asked taking a step toward her.

	"Kagato is the messenger, and now it has begun," she 
said shakily looking up into the clouds of an incoming 
storm.  Lightning flashed as the clouds rolled across the 
sky.

	"You're not making sense," he said trying to maintain 
his patience.

	"Everything was written about what has occurred today.  
Now, you have been chosen to protect the Sanctus 
Redemptor," she spoke with a smile on her face as she said 
the strange words.

	"What is this Sanctus Redemptor?" he asked.

	"That I can't say.  I can only tell you that two of 
them will appear, one of darkness and the other of light.  
I will return to guide you, but for now praise for your 
lost friends soul to be at peace.  She will miss you a lot, 
my son," Achika hugged him.

	"Don't go mother," he jumped up.  "What is going on?" 
he almost shouted.  

	"Keep the people you love close.  You will need their 
support, and fill your heart with purity for the darkness 
will take you in if you are not of pure heart," she spoke 
as the golden light began to consume her body.  "You are 
chosen to save the world from the Armageddon," she 
whispered and vanished.
***
	This was all to perfect.  It last the time has come.  
His people have waited for thousands of years for this 
moment and he is now chosen to lead them.  He smiled at the 
fiery pit that rested in front of him.  He kneeled before 
the pit.

	"When will the Sanctus Eversor arrive, my lord?" he 
asked.  He couldn't hear his master speak, but he could 
feel what his master wanted.  He rubbed a tress of his long 
black hair in between his fingers.  This was perfect; he 
knew where it was all to begin.  Now, he had to find and 
destroy the Patronus, and his master's wishes will be 
fulfilled.  "Now, I just have to find this Tenchi Masaki," 
he grinned and left the pit.  "Natrillus," he roared.

	"Yes," replied a tall man from behind him.  The man 
was as big as an ox, but he was also quite good looking for 
his size.  His nose was perfect, and his chin was square.  
His dark eyes could seduce man or woman a like to do his 
bidding.  

	"Prepare to leave," he ordered.

	"Where to?" the man called Natrillus asked.  

	"To this planet called Earth," he grinned and watched 
his faithful servant leave him alone with the pit in the 
dark room.  "At last, I, Malum Dominus, will be the one 
that controls the fate of mankind.  Prepare Tenchi Masaki, 
fate has claimed your life," he bellowed in pure delight.
***


TO BE CONTINUED.

	That was an interesting story, but it has a lot of 
mystery to it.  This is going to be a small set of short 
stories instead of chapters, so try to stay with me in the 
making of this series.  Tenchi has a new task, given to him 
by his mother.  Also, a mysterious figure appears, but what 
does this Malum Dominus have in store for Tenchi?  Keep 
reading the next short story, The Quest for the Sanctus 
Redemptor.    

	
