Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  
WARNING: THIS IS A LEMON, NO CHILDREN UNDER 18!  THANK YOU.  


Tenchi Muyo!
Undesirable Fate III:
Armageddon



	Two days have passed sine his last encounter with Ryoko.  He 
stayed at home now with Ayeka and the others.  He never told them what 
happened.  Instead he watches the news as reports of famine, disease, 
war, and death occur all over the universe.  He knew it was the four 
horsemen and now chaos plagued the universe as the newly universal 
empire fought God's armies of holy warriors and oppressors.  The 
universe was falling apart and to make matters worse, the Jurian 
capital was the imperial city of the new empire.  Ayeka lost all her 
rights as a royal now, but she didn't care.  She was so afraid of what 
was going to happen to her.   She still can't believe she is giving 
birth to God's son.  Tenchi really couldn't explain to her that it 
wasn't God's son she would be giving birth to, but something else.  He 
wished he could explain it to her, but now he is so confused at how to 
get Ryoko back or if he can.  He glanced at the T.V. to see camera 
footage of Ryoko killing a complete unit of men as she walked across 
the battlefield.  

	"Our Lord Malum Dominus has sent this woman to save us from these 
rebels, all hail Malum Dominus," cheered the broadcaster.

	Tenchi tightened his fist in anger.  This was not supposed to be 
happening.  A man of great power returns from the grave, and now his 
life has turned upside down.  He snarled in anger, but another figure 
caught his eye.  A tall, bald man stood in front of Ryoko.

	"Natrillus!" he roared leaping out of his seat.  He couldn't 
help, but feel the urge to fight the man once again.  Was destiny so 
strong that even he himself wanted to fight his destined enemy since 
the beginning of time?  He knew Natrillus felt the same towards him, 
and soon one of them will be the victor.  He looked back to see Ayeka 
walking into the room.

	Her face was pale with worry and fear.  She sat down next to him 
rubbing her swollen belly.  A tear streaked down her cheek.  "Tenchi!" 
she called not bothering to look in his eyes for fear of what she would 
find.  "What is happening to all of us?  What is happening to you?" she 
asked and lost control of herself feeling all of her emotions press 
heavily on her shoulder she cried, a cry that woke Tenchi from his 
trance, a cry that shared her feelings and fear.  She continued crying 
feeling the weight of her emotions start to lighten off of her 
shoulders.  Then, she looked up at the touch of a human hand gripping 
her shoulder tenderly.  The hand belonged to the man of her dreams, and 
for one small moment she saw his smile, that vanished since the day 
Ryoko died.  

	"Fate is happening Ayeka, it is just that when our lives reach 
their end does fate seem to speed up and we realize what our fates 
are," he explained taking a seat beside her and leaning her head on his 
shoulder.  "This however is not the fate of one person, but now the 
fate of life itself.  When it ends and if we prevail, I can promise you 
will see more happiness than ever before in your lifetime, happiness 
that no one has seen in our world.  Look at that for strength and 
realize everything will be all right," he said watching her put on a 
tiny smile.  He hugged her and shook her gently to tease.  "I will not 
let anymore suffer, I promise," he smiled and kissed her tenderly on 
the forehead. 

	She cuddled into his shoulder and whispered the words, "I hope 
you are right, Tenchi."  She took a deep breath not wanting it to end 
and repeated her words softer than before, "I hope you are right."
***
	A sour smell floated in the air.  Blood soaked the ground and the 
woman marched through the pile of bodies of fallen men.  She looked up 
to see three dark figures standing on a hill miles away from her.  The 
one on the left was skinny as his rib cage almost ripped through his 
tight skin.  His hair wilting off his head and his jaw looked broken 
since his skull completely could be seen through the skin.  The man had 
nothing on but a loincloth and held two scales in his hands.  His eyes 
were of some sort of aggression. The man's black horse stood on its 
hind legs as if taunting her. 

	The woman looked at the man in the middle.  He sat on a red 
horse.  His body big and his hair soaked with blood of those he killed.  
He was obviously the source of this war.  He rested his large sword in 
his lap.  The blade was soaked in dry blood; no sign of silver could be 
seen from the blade.  His eyes were of madness as he looked onto the 
horde of dead beneath them, but there was no smile on his face.  
Instead there was a frown.  
 
	The one on his right sat on a beautiful white horse.  He was the 
boldest looking of the three men.  His eyes were gentle and his face 
had no emotion.  He had a bow in his right hand and gripped it as if he 
needed to use it.  A crown rested on his head and his hair with no 
color flowed in the wind the carried the smell of death.  The three 
remained still as the woman walked to the center of the rotting 
corpses.  She shivered as she realized they were starring at her.  She 
was about to step back, but the man on the white horse charged his 
horse down the hill with a ghostly figure following behind him.  Her 
heart pounded for an escape.  She wanted out, but there was no escape 
from a man who seemed to have some sort of mystical power himself and 
was riding horseback.  Her knees weakened and she landed on a corpse 
under her.  It took all of her strength to look at the upcoming rider, 
but when she looked up she realized he was close.  She could hear the 
hooves of his horse clash into the blood soaked grass.  She looked down 
again preparing for defeat, but the hooves slowed down and ceased.  She 
glanced up to see him, the man on the white horse, smiling at her.  

	"Lady Ryoko," he gestured politely.  His voice was low, but 
filled with kindness.  "I see Death has chosen you to be its body 
during this bad time," he said.  "Just as my body was chosen to head 
the spirit of the leader of wild animals.  My real name is Trylle.  I 
am from the planet Knarsis," he greeted touching her hand and shaking 
it in a greeting.  Ryoko's eyes grew in horror.

	"Don't," she shuddered in fear.

	He smiled, as he knew what she meant.  "Don't worry, you can't 
take my life.  We are all immortal for the time being.  Here to serve 
God's cause." He caught her eyes swaying back to the hillside.  "I am 
sorry!" he started to say in embarrassment.  "The two men on the hill 
are Famine and War from left to right.  Both of them are also like us.  
Chosen to host one spirit of the four horsemen.  The skinny fellow is 
named Galned.  He comes from Cypirs, and the big fellow with the big 
sword is named Togaro.  He is from this planet, Jurai," he introduced.  
"I would ask you to join us, but we all have our parts to play in this, 
but I do have a gift for you," he smiled kindly.  He puckered his lips 
and a whistle escaped his mouth.  He looked to his left to watch a pale 
horse step from behind him and walk toward her.  "This is your horse.  
Name him what you like, he will only listen to you now that he has 
found his master," he finished watching the horse rub its nose on her 
cheek.  "With that said, I must go," he said slowly.  "We will meet 
again, now hop on your horse and you can finish the day of this 
battle," he almost demanded and rode off toward the hill.  

	Ryoko nodded in agreement and climbed up on the horse, her horse.  
She felt the power of death tingle up her arms.  This was it.  A void 
grew from her left hand that was held out to the sky as if offering 
something to a god.  The dark void grew and grew covering the entire 
field of dead.  Then, it started to spin like a vacuum.  The bodies 
began to rise as pale figures escaped the flesh and screamed madly as 
they screamed of horror as they were sucked into the void.  Ryoko 
closed her eyes to ignore their screams and opened them when all was 
silent to realize that the void was gone and so where the three 
horsemen.  She was alone on green grass that was once soaked in blood.  
The bodies must have been destroyed when they touched the void.  Her 
nightmare was just beginning.  She had one more thing to do, one thing 
that she was not supposed to do.  She turned her new horse around to 
see her bald servant standing still behind her.  

	"Keep Malum Dominus busy for me, friend," she smiled.  Over the 
past few days she realized she could trust him except for one matter.  
She knew that he and Tenchi both had a thirst to fight each other to 
the death since their last fight.  She hopes it never comes.  

	"Leaving to see him," Natrillus spoke snobbishly.  

	Ryoko smiled.  She knew he was fighting his will to the best of 
his ability, so he wouldn't follow her to where she was going.  "Yes, I 
am.  I beg you to do your best and fight the will you have to come with 
me.  Malum Dominus will be enough to keep you busy," she said.

	His eyes were cold as he fought his instincts and he looked up at 
her in a stern look.  "I will do my best," he bowed and signaled her 
off.  "You can be there in no time, now that you have that horse," he 
suggested with a now small smile.  "Tell him where you want to go and 
he will take you there."

	Ryoko smiled at his advice.  "I owe you a lot, you know."

	"You can pay me back, by ending this mess," he retorted.  "Now 
get outta of here."

	Ryoko kicked her heels and her horse was off.  "Take me home," 
she said to her faithful steed and watched as her body felt light.  She 
could feel a strong breeze blow around her.  She almost panicked at the 
strong winds, but her horse rubbed his neck on her thigh to assure her 
she was safe.  She felt herself feel warm and saw a bright light, and 
then emptiness.
***
	Tenchi walked in the kitchen.  He smiled at the sight of Sasami 
tossing a carrot in the air and slicing it into pieces before it landed 
into the bowl.  "You are busy, as usually," he teased.

	Sasami turned around in a start, surprised that she didn't even 
hear him come in.  "Tenchi!" she shouted in surprise.  She grabbed her 
chest in fright and took a deep breath and regained her composure.  
"You startled me," she smiled shyly.

	"I am sorry Sasami.  What are you cooking today?" he smiled.

	Her face went into a frenzy of happiness as she smiled.  "I am 
cooking, Da'Nar Rene."

	Tenchi raised an eyebrow at the unfamiliar term.  "May I ask?" he 
asked as the little girl immediately replied with an assuring nod.  
"What is it?"

	"In your language, it would be called the warrior's meal.  On 
Jurai we serve this to our soldiers before a war or battle.  It is said 
to give them strength, speed, and knowledge.  We use some sort of red 
meat and bake it in with all sorts of vegetables.  Then, it is placed 
in a pan of bread dough and sealed at the top with another layer of 
dough," she explained.  

	Tenchi looked at her with worry.  "Why are you cooking this?" he 
asked nervously.  

	"Tenchi, I have a feeling you will be participating in this war, 
and I just." Tears strolled down her freckled cheeks.  She began to 
sniff trying to hold back her sadness.  "I just want you to come back 
to us."

	Tenchi pulled her into his arms.  He felt so sorry for the child.  
Everyone loved him more than he thought.  "I will come back to you, I 
promise," he whispered to her.  He looked up at the sound of a horse 
crying through the wind.  "What the?" he gasped and pulled Sasami away 
gently and ran for the door.  He opened it and jumped to the grass.  
The wind blew violently.  He could here the horse drawing closer.  He 
looked into the sky to see it, but could only see the sun blind his 
vision.  Then, a creature appeared in the sky.  The creature looked 
like it was dancing, as it appeared to be flying closer to the ground.  
A minute later and Tenchi realized it was a horse and a rider.  He 
watched as it glided softly in front of the forest.  Tenchi felt a rush 
of emotion pour through him when he saw the golden eyes he loved.  

"RYOKO!!" he called and came running toward her.

Sasami was behind Tenchi," RYOKO!" she screamed in pure joy.  She 
followed Tenchi, but Ryoko turned her horse around and they ran into 
the forest.   

Tenchi paced his breath as he ran into the woods.  He saw her 
horse fly up the hill and he followed.  He could hear Sasami's tired 
voice from behind him yelling, "Go get her back, Tenchi!"  Tenchi ran 
up the hill and stopped as he lost sight of the horse.  Then, he heard 
the horse neigh and he looked to his left to see it and the rider 
standing under a giant cherry blossom.  Tenchi ran down the hill to the 
rider and the horse.  He stopped just inches from the horse.  

"Ryoko!" he called to her hoping she was still the same when he 
last saw her.  

Her eyes were empty as she stared back into his, but she smiled 
and held out her hand to him. "Hop on," she said a little enthused.   
He gripped around her gray-gloved hand and allowed her to give him a 
pull as he leaped on behind her.  "Hang on," she ordered with a slight 
giggle.  HAH!!!" she roared and kicked her heels against the horse's 
side and they speed across the forest like it wasn't there.   Ryoko 
watched after each tree looking for one spot that was good to rest.  
She then noticed a small spring and gripped Tenchi's hands that held 
her waist.  She felt so warm and safe in his arms.  She slowed the pale 
horse with a gentle tug on the reins.  The horse immediately obeyed the 
kind gesture on his reins and began to slow to a halt.  The horse 
ceased all signs of movement when its left hoof touched the water of 
the small spring.  "Good, Spirit," she smiled and petted along his 
neck.  She held on Tenchi's hand as he slid off and climbed down 
shortly after.
She looked back to her horse and watched as he began to drink 
from the spring.  She turned her attention back to Tenchi and walked 
past him with a small grin on her face.  She had no idea what to do 
next.  She just walked to a nearby tree and sat down.  She looked up to 
see Tenchi walking toward her and sitting in front of her.  

"Why did you follow me?" she asked.  She surprised herself with 
her own question and saw Tenchi looked just as much startled about it 
as she was.

Then, his face changed to a mischief grin.  "I think you know 
why," he teased 
"I don't," she almost got angry at his little game he was 
playing.  She just had to know why he followed her if he loved Ayeka.  
Sure she and him kissed when she was revived and words were said, but 
how much of that was not pity for when she died.

Tenchi sighed as he realized her angered her and knew she had a 
right to be.  From some odd reason, he could tell she was thinking 
about him and Ayeka.  "I do care for Ayeka.  I will not lie to you 
about that, but my heart is with someone else.  That night when Ayeka 
and I made love we were under a trance, and one that was against our 
emotions.  She and I both admit that now.  My heart now belongs to 
you," he said watching her face shiver at his words.  He put his hand 
on her cheek and leaned over.  "I love you," he whispered and pressed 
his lips against hers.  He felt her soft slender tongue slide along his 
and twisted around each other.  Ryoko moaned as he placed his hands on 
her hips and leaned her down to where she was laying on her back.  

	He pulled back sucking on her bottom lip and pushed his lips back 
against her.  His hand traveled to her belt and his fingers mingled the 
buckle until the belt slid to the ground.  He pulled away and began to 
unbutton Ryoko's jacket.  He could hear her breathing heavily.  He 
looked up to see her hair scattered on the ground and her golden eyes 
starring at him.  They were filled with anxiety and her lips were 
partially open as she was feeling the wonderful emotions from this.  
Tenchi smiled and felt the same butterflies and heat in his stomach 
that seemed to move all over his body.  He opened her jacket and began 
to pull out her white shirt she wore under it.  Lifting the shirt he 
could see her pale stomach. He licked his tongue on it and lifter the 
shirt higher as he heard Ryoko giggle in joy.  He perched the shirt 
under her breasts and sucked on her skin.  He soft stomach glided all 
around on his lips and tongue.  He slid his hand into her shirt.

	Ryoko felt so free and so warm as she felt his kisses and tongue 
on her stomach, but then another feeling came as his hand traveled 
deeper up her shirt, the emotion of fear, but not of him.
***
	She tried to squirm from his greedy hands.  He already took her 
clothes what else could he want?  She kicked her feet out and smiled as 
she heard a grunt.  She got him.  Then, as soon as she smiled a rush of 
pain flew across her cheek like fire.  

	"You are my toy, Ryoko," said the dark man towering over her.  
His voice was angry because of the kick.

	"Leave me alone, daddy!" she screamed in agony.  "I want my 
mommy!!" she cried tears streaming down her face.  

	"I told you, she is not here anymore.  Now, drop it and be a good 
little girl," he hissed in fury.  

	Ryoko screamed madly as she felt his hand squeeze her chest.  She 
was just developing her chest.  It was starting to stick out from her 
body, but why does he squeeze them?  The feeling she got was of pain 
and like she was losing something.
	"You like that," he taunted squeezing harder and laughing madly 
as she screamed.

	Ryoko then felt something wet trail over the left part of her 
chest.  It tickled, but she was not feeling very happy about it.  
Instead she felt like a snake was slithering there and ready to strike 
her.  Then, as that thought came to her mind, she felt like daggers bit 
into her chest.  She screamed with fury and tried to kick out and move 
away from the cause of this new pain.  Then, she stopped as she felt a 
warm thick liquid flow down her stomach.  She knew it was her blood.  
He bit her, like an intimidated snake would.  She began to cry in pain 
and covered her injured chest with her hands.  

	"Daddy, this hurts, I don't want this anymore.  I am sorry for 
whatever I did," she cried out to him.

	"This is not a punishment for you, but more like a present," he 
smiled maliciously at his own lie.  

	"I don't want it anymore," she whimpered losing all control of 
her bitterness.

	"Too bad!!" he raged at her defiance.

	Ryoko continued crying until something new came across her.  She 
felt something in between her legs.  A rush of pain flushed through her 
legs as she screamed again.  She felt it sliding in her and out.  It 
hurt so bad.  She couldn't take it anymore.  She could only see 
darkness now.  Her only retreat when she couldn't handle the outside 
world.  As darkness came, she could hear her daddy breathing heavily 
and in pure excitement.
***
	"Tenchi!!" Ryoko called out in fear.

	Tenchi pulled his hand back and sat up in fright at the tone of 
her worried voice.  He saw tears flushing down her eyes.  "Are you 
okay," he asked out of breath.

	She could only shake her head in defiance.  She pulled down her 
shirt and untied the cloak that now seemed to be strangling her.  She 
sat up and leaned against a tree behind her.  

	"What's wrong?" he asked taking a seat next to her and stroking 
his hand along her damp cheek.

	"I.I" she could only mutter still feeling those horrible things 
Kagato did to her.  

	"Take your time," he encouraged patting her thigh gently.

	"Tenchi, I was..raped," she cried and Tenchi immediately leaned 
her on his shoulder and gently rubbed her back.  

	"It's okay, I am here," he whispered to her.  "He won't do it to 
you again," he said trying to relax her.  

	Ryoko gasped for air as she couldn't breathe due to all her 
crying.  "I just could feel it and then you tried to touch me, and it 
felt like he did," she explained feeling like he was about to be hurt 
by her words.

	Tenchi gave her a warming smile that he understood.  "It is 
because he took something away from you that should have been done by 
someone you loved.  It would have hurt, but not as bad since it would 
be with a loved one," he explained feeling her breathing ease a bit.  
He snarled in rage for what Kagato did, "That bastard, took it away 
from you and there was no love involved."  He pulled Ryoko's chin up so 
her eyes could meet his.  "I would never do that to you," he said 
sincerely, "because I love you."

	Ryoko sniffed back the last bit of her tears.  "I love you too," 
she said trying to give a smile.  Tenchi immediately hugged her and at 
the same time stood to his feet with her in his arms.  

	"Come on, let's get back to the house.  Everyone would love to 
see you one last time," he said happily leading her to the horse, but 
Ryoko jerked her hand back.  Tenchi looked back in confusion.  "What's 
wrong?" he asked.

	Ryoko looked at him in regret.  "I can't go with you.  You see," 
she started to explain lifting her gloved hands to where her eyes could 
see them.  "Everything I touch dies," she said sadly.  "If they hug me, 
they will die."

	Tenchi looked deep into her eyes, "Then we can all talk, I will 
keep them from touching you," he said reaching out to take her hand.  
Ryoko hesitantly grabbed his hand and allow him to lead her to the 
horse.  She climbed up with Tenchi helping by pushing her on.  Then, 
Tenchi immediately leaped on from behind.  Ryoko nudged the reins and 
they galloped back through the forest.
***
	Ayeka sat still as she stared out the window.  Tenchi has been 
gone for over an hour, but Sasami claims they both saw Ryoko.  Ayeka 
was worried about that.  Things were changing.  What if it wasn't the 
Ryoko they all used to know.  She parted her hair back and rubbed her 
bulging stomach.  Her pregnancy was speeding up in its process.  She 
smiled.  It was unnatural, but she wasn't afraid somehow she knew it 
would be okay.  Only one worry plagued her mind.  What would Tenchi do 
if he sees his child, or would it be a child?  She stepped back from 
the window in defeat.  Then, she saw a black speck running through the 
trees.  It was dark and ghostly in appearance.  Its speed was 
incredible.  The small speck grew into a horse with large humps on its 
back.  Then, the humps became people.  Ayeka felt her heart pace in 
fear as the horse came closer.  She started taking steps backwards.  
She could see the hair of the rider, and then saw traces of black 
behind the rider's hair.  She blinked again to see it was another rider 
behind the first.  The hair was so light in blue and green.  Ayeka felt 
her heart warm at the sight.

	"Ryoko!!" she called in excitement and ran for the door.  She 
opened it hurriedly to meet the two riders.  She watched as the horse 
came to a halt.  The rider behind her was Tenchi.  He leaped off the 
horse and helped Ryoko down.  Ryoko stood to her feet as soon as Tenchi 
released his arms around her, but her eyes starred down at the tip of 
her boots.  She appeared to be ashamed.  Ayeka smiled and placed her 
hand on Ryoko's shoulder.  Tenchi flinched at the sight, but Ryoko 
spoke to ease his worry.

	"Ayeka is part of all this.  She can't die from my touch,"  Ryoko 
spoke, but still kept her eyes on the ground.

	"Part of what?" Ayeka asked calmly trying to be strong since her 
destiny with this child was near.  

	Ryoko looked up and starred into Ayeka's eyes.  Ayeka stepped 
back at the sight of Ryoko's eyes.  They were bloodthirsty and anyone 
who looked into them would feel the horror of what she is.  Those eyes 
were piercing through her soul.  Ayeka knew that.

	"The Omega!" she whispered.
***
	How he hated to wait.  What was taking so long?  They should have 
been back by now.  His guards were searching madly for them.  His 
finger traveled down his cheek slowly and slid upward and trailed down 
again.  

	"Jurai!" he smiled looking around the throne room surroundings.  
The huge tree behind him was black like it was charred with fire.  He 
sat on a golden throne, but soot rested in spots.  How the home world 
of Jurains, considered heaven to all who saw it, was a living hell, he 
thought.    He changed it all.  Now, it was a dying planet.  A smile 
grew on his face.

	"Malum Dominus!" a man's voice cried in front of him.  He looked 
down from the throne he sat.  A man of middle age stood at the bottom.  
His eyes were cold like most of his men.  The man's body was well 
built.  He looked ten years younger than he probably was.  The man's 
head like all the rest was shaved bald and marked with seven digits.  
Malum starred at the numbers in amusement.  All of his men were born 
with these marks.  Including him, but his remained hidden under is 
blanket of hair.

	"What is it 583-86-7906?"  He said in annoyance for the 
interruption of his silent time in the darkness.  

	"My Lord, we have a rebellion in the seventy-sixth sector of 
Quadra Nine," he bowed knowing what his lord's reaction would be.  

	Malum Dominus took a deep breath and sat up slowly from his seat.  
He stood tall to stretch his legs and slowly maneuvered to down the 
steps.  He kept his composure.  No sign of anger was present on his 
face.  "Well, and what are we going to do about it?"  he asked 
chuckling under his breath.  
	
	The man shook in fright.  He knew the answer, but for it to 
happen seemed impossible.  "We.are.goiin.," he could not finish as 
tears streamed down his bony cheeks.  

	"Yes," Malum mused at the sight of the fear his servant was 
giving him.  

	The man took a deep breath and tried to speak again.  His voice 
shrilled a high pitch when he finished the word he was trying to speak, 
"ing.to send Death and her guardian to handle.them," he choked on the 
last part of his words as he looked up from his knelt position to 
realize his Lord stood beside him.

	Malum smiled in delight.  "Good," he cheered in a whisper.  

	"But," the man gasped as if he was in his deathbed.  

	Malum's eye shifted upward a sign of anger boiling inside of him.  
"But?" he called out sternly toward his servant, his hand grasping 
tightly on the man's shoulder.

	"Lady Death is..missssssssss," he started to cry again as a sharp 
pain swelled in his shoulder.  He knew when bad news came to the master 
someone had to pay for it and that was usually the messenger.  

	"Ing," finished Malum, but gave a smile to his servant his hand 
still clutching the man's shoulder.

	The man still cried as the pain increased.  He fell forward 
trying to keep his position for if he ran his death would be ten times 
worse than if he accepted it there.  "I am sorry, my Lord," he wailed 
for forgiveness.  Even though it wasn't his fault.  "We have Natrillus 
looking for her."

	"Do you?" he asked like he was asking a child.  "Well then, I 
guess I can let you live." he stopped and felt the man's shoulder bulge 
under his grip and then he heard the beautiful sounds he was waiting 
for.  He heard the bone crack and like pottery it shattered.  His hand 
crushed the man's shoulder and the man's scream of agony roared 
throughout the palace.  He enjoyed the jelly feeling of the man's 
shoulder now that the bone was in pieces.  "In pain as you slowly die," 
he snarled.

	"My Lord!" shouted another man's voice.  Malum looked up to see 
Natrillus standing in front of the large golden doors.  He stood at 
attention starring straight at his master.  

	"Yes," Malum replied back annoyed with another disturbance.  He 
let go of the man's shoulder and tossed the man to the ground.  He 
watch with great interest as the man grasped his destroyed shoulder and 
cried as if it was going to make it better.

	Natrillus walked up toward his master and stopped just behind the 
crying man.  There was nothing he can do to help him.  If he healed the 
man, he would be facing a worse death than this.  He had only one 
option.  He unsheathed his sword.  He knew his master still gazed at 
the man and didn't even hear the sword leave its resting place.  With a 
quick and graceful movement of his sword, Natrillus brought his blade 
through the man's neck and watched as the head rolled to the side.  He 
looked up noticing his master's scowling face.  "Sorry, My Lord," he 
gestured sincerely, but holding back his intention of smiling.  At 
least the man had a quick and painless death this way, he thought.  He 
sheathed his sword and spoke,  "I had to kill him, so I can have your 
full attention, M'Lord," he bowed in respect.  

	"Well, you have it," he said impatiently since his fun was cut 
short.  

	"I know where the Lady is and we will arrive by the morrow to 
stop this rebellion," he said with great confidence trying to brighten 
Malum's dark mood.  

	"Then go get her, NOW!!!" he screamed and turned away.  He 
started to walk up the steps and then a thought came through his mind.  
"Where is she, Natrillus," he asked in frustration, but no answer came?  
He turned around to only see the man's body Natrillus killed.  He 
turned around and continued his climb.  He will kill one of the men who 
came to drag the body for this.  
***
	Ryoko glanced back as the sun started to set behind the trees.  
She turned to her family.  "I am sorry, but it is time for me to leave.  
Na.," she stopped as Tenchi tightened his eyes.  She knew it was hard 
for him.  He opened his eyes and smiled at her.  

	"It's okay.  I think I can fight my urge to fight him for a 
while.  I am not mad that you have trust in him, but don't forget I am 
coming to bring you back," he said starring deep into her golden eyes.  

	Ryoko looked away from his eyes.  They told the truth and that is 
what she was afraid of.  She could see him charging the palace, but 
dying in the process.  She fought back her tears and looked up.  "You 
have people who need you here.  Fight for them and live, or," she 
looked down again to hide her face.  Tenchi could only see drops of 
tears drip to her feet.  "Fight for me and die.  That is all I bring to 
this world anymore.  I can't even save a life without taking another."

	"Ryoko!"  Ayeka said standing up.  "I know how hard this is for 
you, but it is also hard on all of us.  If that helps you any, then 
know that you are not alone in how you feel.  The three of us," she 
said nodding to Tenchi and Ryoko and pointing her own finger toward 
herself, "have parts to play in this.  We all know the risks and the 
consequences, but that doesn't mean we have to live by thinking about 
them constantly.  We just have to wait and make the decision when it 
comes.  And when it does come, we have to let go of the past and move 
on to a better future."

	"Ayeka!" Ryoko whispered in surprise.  She was touched by Ayeka's 
words.  There was meaning and a lot of wisdom behind them.  

	"So let go of the killings you have done recently and realize 
that what we are all doing is for a greater purpose," Ayeka paused to 
take a few breaths then continued, "Now, I might not quite understand 
what this great purpose is, but what I do know is that we will all live 
in peace and harmony when it is over.  So Ryoko, I beg.NO!!!  I can't 
beg and make you feel guilt.  I only ask that you live by these words 
and know that we will do the same and play our parts in this to the 
very end."  Ayeka took Ryoko's hand in hers and squeezed tightly.  
"Will you do this?" she asked with tension in her voice.  Ryoko was 
taken back by how serious Ayeka was.  She had never known her to be 
this way.  Sure, she sounds like this when they are in a fight, but 
this was just her way to make Ryoko feel better while living and after 
death.

	Ryoko smiled.  She felt warmth in her that she has never felt 
since the day Washu was taken from her.  "Ayeka, your words mean a lot 
to me.  I somehow don't feel the pain in my heart when Kagato..did what 
he did to me.  I don't feel the weight of guilt on it from all the 
people I killed.  I feel that." she struggled with the description.  
These emotions were coming all at once and were all, new to her.  "I 
can and will live by your words," she bowed placing her forehead to the 
back of Ayeka's hand.  

	Ayeka giggled by Ryoko's actions and gently lifted Ryoko's chin 
so their eyes could meet.  "You know usually I would have loved to see 
this, but now I feel that you should not treat me like royalty.  We are 
all family now," she raised her arms to everyone.  She helped Ryoko 
stand up straight and before Ryoko could move she wrapped her arms 
around the woman and squeezed her tightly.  "Ryoko, you have been like 
a twin sister.  Take care and we will bring you back to us," she said 
as tears dropped onto Ryoko's cape.  Ryoko wrapped her arms around 
Ayeka and returned the hug, but was gentle, since she didn't want to 
hurt what was being created inside Ayeka.

	"You know," the once pirate smiled, "I always thought the same of 
you."

	Ayeka took that as her cue to step back and listened as Sasami 
stepped up.  "I know I can't touch you as much as I want to," the 
little girl said as tears already fell down her cheeks.

	"It's okay kiddo," she smiled.  "When this is all over I will 
give you a big hug."

	Sasami couldn't help but smile.  She hasn't heard Ryoko sound so 
confident like that in a long time.  "You know I will hold you up to 
it," she teased, but then went back to crying and fell to her knees.  
She could sense Ryoko's thoughts.  Ryoko wasn't going to come back from 
this.  Ayeka knelt down and hugged her sister.  

	Washu walked up to her daughter.  She rubbed the back of her 
head.  This was their goodbye speech.  Some of them knew they would 
never see her again.  "I know that I haven't been the mother you've 
known.  I just never had the experience with a daughter who was older 
than an infant, but younger than an adult," Ryoko frowned at the words, 
"but you have grown up into a fine adult now.  As much as I want to 
live in the past and say how much it would mean to me to be there when 
you were growing up into this wonderful person, but Ayeka is right.  I 
can't.  I know that now and want you to know that no matter what 
happens.  I will always love you as a mother whether you accept me as 
your mother or not," Washu spoke, but then her tears were too much and 
she began to cry.  She placed her hands over her eyes to catch her 
tears.  

	Ryoko smiled and took a step toward Washu.  "We all are just 
learning how to do this, but the fact that you know why we had troubles 
as a mother and daughter has brought me to realize that only my true 
mother would know that.  I accept you as my mother as well as I do love 
you as my mother," she sighed.  "I only wish I could act to show you."

	Washu gave a small grin.  "Don't worry about it.  You already 
have by living on with all of this. going on around you.  You have made 
me very proud.  I have no regrets," she cried.

	Mihoshi walked up toward Ryoko.  "Ryoko, by now you know I have 
changed from the ditz you once knew and you know why, but I only wish 
you got to know the real me more; however, I realize that just the fact 
you knew me has been an honor," she gave a salute to Ryoko as if Ryoko 
was her superior officer, "but it is even more that we all were like 
family and for that I will do my best to protect Tenchi and makes sure 
he reunites as the family we once were," she said as tears began to 
slide down her cheeks.  

	Tenchi stepped up.  "Well, let's go," he said starring back at 
Ryoko.  Ryoko's eyes shot open and she almost fell backwards.

	"You can't," she almost shrieked.  "You have to go on your own, 
otherwise, it will be instant death if Malum gets his hands on you, 
hell." she hugged him tightly.  "Besides Natrillus is coming and both 
of you will fight and it is not time for that yet.  Just wait a little 
longer.  Someone or something will let you know when it is time, I 
promise."  She pushed away gently.  "I have to go.  Natrillus is 
waiting."

	"Ryoko, please," he pleaded.  

	"I can't," she whispered sadly.

	"Well, then," an old man's voice interrupted from behind.  "I 
believe you can stay a while longer and hear our words of wisdom," the 
man's voice spoke.

	Ryoko looked up to see Lord Katsuhito and Nobuyoki standing by 
the door.  Both men were looking at Ryoko, but not sadly.  Each one had 
a smile on his face.  Ryoko could only nod since everyone else was sad 
and the surprise that they were not made her speechless. 

	"Very well," he smiled and pushed his way in front of everyone 
with Nobuyoki following calmly behind him.  "To me Ryoko, you were a 
woman all about freedom.  You hungered for it and the fact that you 
stayed because of my grandson amazed me.  I didn't know how to feel 
about it.  At first, I was eager to hook Tenchi with Ayeka so you could 
have that freedom once again.  Because to me, that is what made you 
such a beautiful person, your great spirit.  Although you stayed with 
Tenchi, you never lost that wonderful spirit.  Then, I knew it would be 
great to have you stay with us.  You became part of the family and now 
Tenchi holds you as well as Ayeka in his heart," he added the last part 
trying not to upset Ayeka.  I am proud to that we all became a family 
and for that all these memories we had will always make me smile of all 
the good times.  And I ask that you try to do the same," he finished 
his smile beaming at her and she stood up and came inches from touching 
him.

	"Thank you and I will," she said as if she was swearing an oath.  

	Nobuyoki took a few steps forward until he stood beside Lord 
Katsuhito.  "Well," he started rubbing the back of his head.  "I am not 
good with words, but I think you should know that I accept you as part 
of this family as well.  And if it means anything," he looked at Ayeka 
and she looked back at him in curiously.  Then he turned his eyes 
toward Ryoko,  "I would have accepted you as my daughter or daughter-
in-law.  I am sorry, Ayeka.  I would accept you as a daughter-in-law.  
I can't say I look at you as a daughter since you are already connected 
to Tenchi through blood."

	Ayeka gave a reassuring smile, " Don't worry.  I know what you 
meant, but don't stop to tell me," she tilted her head toward Ryoko.

	He nodded and looked back at Ryoko.  "You are the daughter that 
Achika and I never had, and I know she would have loved t adopt you if 
you were with us then," he said holding a fatherly smile at her, but 
two tears slid out the corner of his brown eyes.

	"Dad," Tenchi said to himself.  Moved by his father's words, and 
he could tell Ryoko was too.  She broke down tears flowed out her eyes, 
but she gazed into his eyes still pressing the same smile he gave her.

	"I am so glad to know that I have home under your roof, and that 
we are all family," she said smiling at everyone.  "I do have to go.  I 
can feel Natrillus calling me.  Goodbye, my family," she waved and 
grabbed the saddle of her horse and heaved herself up.  She waved 
goodbye and steered her pale horse to the forest.  "HEEYA!!!" she 
roared kicking her heels on the horse's sides.  The horse took off the 
two vanished into the trees.
***
	Natrillus stood outside on top of the hill.  The wind was 
beginning to pick up, but he remained still.  The grass was damp due to 
the rain from last night.  He stared at the mass of rebels that stood 
before him.  Their screams for battle raging through the clouds.  

	"Fools!" he cursed and spit into the grass in disgust.  "Are they 
so eager to die?"  he asked and raised his sword into the heavens.  A 
roar came behind him and shadow like creature ran up behind him heading 
for the horde of flesh.  They had no shape or dimension as they floated 
like a shadow flatly on the solid ground.  Nothing could be used to 
distinguish their appearance, but their knife like fingers that 
stretched in front of them.  Natrillus stood still watching the shadow 
beasts reach the rebels front line.  "I am sorry, Ryoko.  I had no 
choice," he whispered and watched as the rebels line breached.  Blood 
rained as the rebels ripped bodies apart and tossed them into the air.  
Then, as soon as it begun the screams of war became screams of death 
ending with silence.  The massive rebel horde and the shadow beasts 
were gone.  Only a lake of blood was left.  Natrillus turned away and 
walked back down the hill.  The wind picked up and a cold chill blew 
down his back.

	"Natrillus!!" screamed an enraged woman's voice.

	Without looking, he continued walking.  "I am sorry, Lady Ryoko, 
but I held out as long as I could.  But his Lordship would not wait any 
longer and sent the demons to handle it.  As you can see, they had the 
worst death than any mortal can face," he said point back to the 
carnage behind him.  "I know you wanted everyone to die quickly and 
painlessly, but as you can see we can't do that with every battle."

	Ryoko sighed in defeat and rode her horse to his side.  "Where 
to?" she asked

	"To the palace.  Malum Dominus would like a word with you.  Your 
three brothers will handle all the rest of the rebels and our own men," 
he said raising his hand in front of him.  A black light pulsed 
violently from his palm and as he bent his fingers inward the light 
shot out a few yards in front of him.  The light grew in size until it 
was about nine feet in height and 7 feet wide.  "The gate is open.  Let 
us go," he said taking the horse's reigns and led them in.  
***
	Tenchi sat beside Ayeka.  Both were starring at the stars.  None 
noticed the glowing figure behind them.  The figure stepped up behind 
them and booted into the middle of them.

	"WHAT THE?" Tenchi screamed in fright.

	"Easy chum," came the sly reply from the unknown man.

	Tenchi and Ayeka focused their eyes onto the man's image.  He was 
glowing and his hair was a golden blonde that stretched down his back, 
but was tied in a ponytail.  He had a small beard, a little darker 
blonde then his hair, a huge smile on his face.  His eyes were strange.  
There was no distinguishable color.  They were pale.  

	"Who are you?" shrieked Ayeka.  The man turned to her and looked 
like a young boy as he eagerly scooted to her side.  He pressed his 
lips on her hand and then pushed her to the ground.  

	"So this is it," he giggled looking at her growing stomach.  He 
placed his hand on her stomach.

	"HEY!!!" Ayeka screamed in anger.  "Get away from that," she 
yelled and hit him across the back of the head.  

	He backed off and smiled at her as if her hit had no effect.  "I 
just wanted to see how the baby was going, and I would say you are 
almost ready."

	"WHAT?" Tenchi and Ayeka gasped in surprise.

	The strange man couldn't help but laugh at their faces.  He 
stopped and took a deep breath.  "Sorry to startle your quiet evening, 
but I am Mike, an angel."

	The two starred at him.  Neither moved from their position.  
"What are you here for?" asked Ayeka.

	He brushed his hair back and looked at Tenchi.  "To take you to 
Jurai.  It is time for you to face your destiny and end all of this."

	"But I thought I was to protect Ayeka till she gave birth," 
Tenchi argued back.

	"That job is done now.  She will be having the child soon, and 
you must be ready for yours," he smiled patting Tenchi's back.  
"Besides, your friend is in danger.  She is about to be sacrificed to 
release evil, itself." He said sternly pulling Tenchi to his feet.  

	Tenchi was silent.  He didn't know what to say, but his heart 
felt like racing toward Jurai.  He could feel that Mike was right.  
Ryoko was in terrible danger.  "Take me to her," he said as anger 
roared through his body.

	"I will, but first." he placed his right hand on Tenchi's 
shoulder and turned away from everyone and looked at the stars.  
"Gabriel!" he called.  As soon as the name escaped his lips one of the 
stars started to move at incredible speeds toward them.  It stopped 
beside Mike and the light vanished revealing the messenger they saw 
earlier.

	The man towered over Mike in height, but walked over to Ayeka and 
took her hand in his.  "I will be your guardian and guide through this 
now," he said with a small smile.  

	"Well that handles that, let's go!" Mike laughed in excitement.

	Tenchi's anger subsided and he looked at the strange angel.  "You 
are not your average angel to be excited about war," Tenchi said.

	The angel gave a smile and looked at him with eager eyes.  "If 
you only knew how long I have been waiting for this, then you too would 
feel my anxiety."  He reached over and patted Tenchi on the back.  
"Follow me!  I will teach the rest of your new skills as we go toward 
Jurai," he said and began to lift his feet off the ground as his wings 
appeared out of nowhere.  "Just think about feeling light and imagine 
reaching the stars.   That's all you have to do." He gestured his hand 
for Tenchi to try.

	Tenchi closed his eyes and put all of his concentration into what 
the angel said.  Before he knew it, he couldn't feel the ground below 
him.  He continued flying upward, until someone grabbed his shoulder.

	"Easy there, beginner," giggled Mike.  "You can open your eyes, 
now.  You won't fall unless you think about landing on that ground, but 
if I were you I would wait until I was just a little closer," he 
laughed at the thought of Tenchi's surprised look.  "Anyways," he 
started ceasing his laughter, "to move just point your head where you 
want to go and think about moving and you are off," he explained and 
took off in front of Tenchi.  Tenchi did what he said and followed 
behind him as they took for the stars.  "Here's a trick, that will get 
us there with ease and give us a little time to teach you what you need 
to know," he said with no sign of humor in his voice.  The angle 
stopped and raised a glowing finger in front of him.  The golden light 
left his finger and floated a few feet in front of him.  Then, the 
light intensified in size and brightness.  When it was the size of a 
big door, the angel flew in signaling Tenchi to follow.  Tenchi took a 
deep breath and flew though the mysterious gate.
***
	Malum Dominus stood before the dark bottomless pit and waited.  
They should be here any minute now and Ryoko's true purpose would be 
carried out.  Sanctus Redemptor will give his master life.  Yes, it 
would be perfect.  No one is powerful enough to handle his master 
except for one being, but no matter they would take enough souls with 
them before they were cursed to their doom.  He ceased his thoughts at 
the sound of footsteps behind him.  

	"Welcome, my Lady," he mused.  "It is good to know that you are 
in good health.  Now, come, stand by my side.  I have someone who would 
like to meet you," he said coldly.  "Natrillus you may leave us," he 
ordered.

	"NO!!!" roared the bald man.  "My duty is to stay by her side no 
matter the cost."

	"If that is your wish," he giggled as a heavy wind blew around 
him.  Ryoko looked around, but couldn't find an opening for a breeze to 
blow.  Then, she realized it was magic.  Before she could speak she 
heard her servant's scream as he flew into a wall headfirst.  She saw 
blood drip down his mouth.  She tried to run to him, but some invisible 
force held her still from any movement.  She couldn't even speak.  "Now 
turn around," Malum said and twirled his finger in a circle as Ryoko 
turned around.  "There, that's better," he bowed before the pit.  "My 
master she is here and it is time," he whispered like he was summoning 
a spell.  Before Ryoko, knew it an eruption of fire boomed out of the 
pit and floated just a few feet above them.  She was so afraid.  The 
essence from the fire was dark and very powerful.  The fire roared like 
a beast and took shape.  Two pointed horns formed on top of the fire.  
They looked like giant goat horns.  Below them, flaming eyes formed.  
The fire stretched out as a reptile like snout formed.  Large teeth 
rested over and under the snout, since there appeared to be no lips to 
cover them.  A large forked tongue hissed out and the beast opened its 
mouth and spoke, but Ryoko couldn't understand what it said.

	"Malum Dominus, Where is Death?" it shrieked in rage.

	"All might Lucifer, she is Death," he said in the same tongue 
pointing toward Ryoko.  The giant dragon looked over to where Ryoko 
stood.  The woman look terrified at his gaze and the dragon snorted in 
amusement.  

	"You look too innocent to be the one to free me," it spoke in 
bewilderment at what Death looked like.  

	"But it is her, God.  She has the powers and the essence of 
Death," Malum explained and crawled back as the dragon turned toward 
him and roared at him for interrupting him.  

	"Silence, slave!"  The creature turned its head toward her again.  
Her eyes looked like she was fainting, but the spell on her prevented 
her from moving.  The dragon's eyes glowed a black light and Ryoko fell 
to her knees.  "Listen to me, little one," it said in a caring voice.  
Ryoko looked up.  She could understand it.  "We are all victims in this 
world a so called God created, but I will change that.  Don't be 
afraid.  I won't hurt you," it said surprisingly sincerely.  Its eyes 
mesmerized Ryoko, as she lost herself in the darkness.

	The beast turned toward Malum Dominus, who was surprised that his 
master spoke the new universal language.  "She is ready now begin and 
set me free," it roared and the shape changed into a ball of flames and 
dropped down the pit.  

	Malum took a deep breath and walked over to where Ryoko sat still 
and motionless.  She was in some sort of trance.  He snapped his 
fingers and she started to lift off the ground as he gathered himself 
to his feet.  He walked over to where a body was outlined in the stone 
floor with strange markings in front of it.  He signaled with his 
finger for Ryoko to follow and her body floated over to him and he 
stopped it when it was just over the floor marking.  He twirled his 
finger and Ryoko floated to where her back was perfectly above the 
marking then, he bent his finger forward and her legs stretched out 
until she was resting straight above the body carved into the floor.  
He pointed down and her body floated till she was flat on the carving.  
He then positioned her hand with the hands on the carving.  Amazing, he 
thought.  Her body fit perfectly with the carving.  She was most 
certainly the one they were after.  He unbuttoned her cape and tossed 
it out of his way.  Then, he unfastened her belt and tossed it by the 
cape.  He quickly ripped open her gray jacket and tossed it behind him.  
He pulled her shirt out of her trousers and lifted it off her body and 
placed her hands back on the marking.  He looked down and smiled.  This 
one's rare beauty would tempt most men.  He laughed to himself.  He 
could picture his own men trying to reach for her when the caught a 
glimpse of her breasts except him.  He could not be tempted by flesh.  
His only wish was to free his master, and that is what he planned to 
do.  He reached into his robes and pulled out the same dagger he used 
to kill the other girl.  He reached over and grabbed her left breast 
like it was a worthless item and placed the dagger at an angle, so it 
would pierce her heart.  

	"Don't worry, you can't die from this, but the blood that pumps 
up will drain into that pit and free my master," he giggled know she 
couldn't hear him.  With one nod he pushed the blade in and watched as 
the body almost leaped up in reaction and then settle down.  He pulled 
it out and watched as the blood flowed down her smooth, pale skin and 
drip to the floor.  Soon it will gather enough and move toward the pit, 
he thought in anxiety.
***
	Tenchi and Mike stepped onto the solid ground and looked around.  
The planet was soaked in dry blood and everything was dead as if a 
blazing fire burned the entire planet.  

	"Welcome," came a man's low, deep voice from behind the two men.  
Both turned to see a muscular man with blood-dried hair.  His red armor 
also stained with the blood.  "I am Togaro, and these two men are 
Galned and Trylle.  We are the three of the four horsemen of 
Apocalypse," he said raising his right arm to the skinny man and 
average built men on horses behind him.  The skinny fellow kicked his 
black horse to move up.

	"I am Galned," he said in a surprisingly strong voice considering 
his weak appearance.  "The horseman of Famine," he smiled and bowed in 
greeting to them.  

	The man on the white horse rode to Galned's side.  "I am Trylle," 
he bowed in the same manner as associate and gave a similar smile.  "I 
am the horseman of Wild Beasts."

	Togaro walked over to them and shook Tenchi's hand.  "As you 
probably now know, I am the horseman of War.  Now," he said turning 
toward Mike, "we are ready for the attack.  I have fifteen hundred 
angels here and another four thousand on their way."

	"Well, it looks like they are ready for us as well and I feel 
that the sacrifice has begun," Mike said as the wind brushed his hair 
back.

	Tenchi looked at the imperial castle and looked up at a floating 
citadel above it.  He looked back down and saw no men to fight.  "I 
don't understand," he said looking over at Mike.  "I don't see anyone 
to fight."

	"Because we aren't fighting men," he pointed to the massive 
shadow under the palace.  That is a mass of fighting shadows, which in 
reality are what we call demons," he said dryly as the mass started to 
move.  "Get ready here they come!" he yelled.  The wind picked up again 
and Tenchi fought to stay on his feet.  He looked up behind him and saw 
a mass of men flying above them, each with his sword ready.  Tenchi 
pulled out the Tenchiken and summoned his blade as well.  He sat 
himself ready as the massive shadow looked like a swarm of bees leaving 
the swarm.  He looked to his left to see the horsemen on their horses 
and their weapons ready for battle.  Mike also stood ready with a 
flaming sword in his own hand.  "CHARGE!!!" he roared and the men 
behind them dive-bombed the moving horde.
***
	Ayeka screamed in pain as she felt her pain rise in between her 
legs.  She couldn't feel her legs as the pain intensified and made them 
go numb.  She took massive breaths.  As soon as Tenchi left, she went 
into labor.  Now, she wished the pain would just cease.

	"Easy, my Lady," came the calm and sincere voice of Gabriel.  
"You are almost there," he smiled warmly bracing his thumb over her 
forehead.  

	Ayeka closed her eyes again as the pain grew it's peak.  Almost 
making her plead for death.  Then, she heard the angel speak again.  
"Push once more!" he called to her.

	Ayeka took a deep breath and pushed with every ounce of her 
strength, and felt a burst of something escape her legs.  When she 
looked up she saw a tower of golden light stretching to the heavens.  
She fell back down and tried to control her breathing.  Was this the 
end where was the baby.

	As if the angel read her thoughts, he spoke, "You didn't give 
birth to a baby, but to the gateway for all the mortal who are loyal to 
God to leave.  Look!!" he pointed and in the center of light a man sat 
on a thrown.  His face covered by the light.  Another man stood beside 
him and floated down to where she and Gabriel sat.  

	"Come, it is time," he said.  His voice filled with love and 
kindness.  Almost indescribable as how good his voice sounded.  The man 
lifted his arms and the light grew around the Earth and stretched 
further across the universe.  Then he took her hand and they all lifted 
from the Earth and flew up to the heavens.
***
	Mike stood in front of the eager angels and men behind him.  
Tenchi stood at his side. Mike glanced over and noticed Tenchi's sword.  
He looked back at his sword and pushed his sword in front of Tenchi's 
eyes.  "Take it," he said.  Tenchi glanced at the blade of fire.  "Your 
sword will do no good against these beasts," he said.  "Tenchi 
deactivated his sword and shoved it back in his brown jacket and took 
Mike's sword in his hand.

	"What about you?" he asked worriedly.

	Mike smiled.  "Don't you worry about me, I have another sword 
that I was going to save for later.  But now, it looks like a good time 
to use it," he laughed as the shadowy mass closed in on them.  Mike 
reached his hand toward the black sky and a bright light flashed down 
and engulfed his hand.  The light decreased in length and changed into 
the shape of a long golden sword.  Mike winked at Tenchi and then, 
stood ready for the shadows.  "By the way, in case I don't see you till 
after this, I think you should know my full name," the strange angel 
announced to Tenchi.  Tenchi raised his eyebrow at the very words.

	"Your full name?" he asked curiously, but his eyes remained cold 
and starred at the enemy mass approaching them.  

	"Yeah!" Mike said eagerly.  "My full name is Michael, the 
Archangel," he bowed in greeting.

	Tenchi gasped in surprise.  "The one that supposedly kicked Satan 
to hell."

	"The one and only, but don't worry when Fathead shows himself 
again let me handle him.  Go and handle Malum Dominus, that is your 
destiny," he said sternly.  His eyes shot up, "Get ready, boy!" his 
voice came into a whisper of rage, "here they come."

	"It looks like our frontline didn't hold them long enough, but I 
always seem to have to make up for time," Tenchi smiled and heard a 
giggle come from Michael.

	"Don't we all, boy.  Don't we all," he repeated.  He raised his 
sword above his head and roared a battle cry that made Tenchi even 
shiver.  "Everyone else CHARGE!!!"

	Tenchi screamed his own cry and followed right behind Michael as 
they cut through the demons' own front line.    Tenchi ducked his head 
under one of the shadow's claws and stabbed his blade through the 
center of another.  The shadow beast grabbed his sword.  Tenchi 
instantly looked for a weak spot.  The only thing that was odd was that 
the head of the shadow had a shape with two point black spikes, which 
were transparent like the rest of the shadow, on top of it's head.  
Tenchi slid his blade out of the creature's clutches and twisted the 
blade behind him and bringing it forward will all his muscle and slid 
it through the creature's neck.  The head flew off and evaporated into 
a black smoke, body and all.  

	"Go for their heads!" he cried out to the nearest angel to him, 
who alerted the one to him.  Tenchi went to the next two shadows and 
leaped into the air slashing his sword with a zigzag motion.  When he 
landed on his feet, he looked back to see their remains of smoke blow 
into the wind.  He turned and drove his way through the next shadow 
warrior before him.
***
	Ryoko awoke gasping for air.  She couldn't move and a sharp pain 
came from her heart.  She reached over and placed her hand over where 
she felt the pain.  She moaned as she was greeted with burning fire on 
her chest.  Then, she heard it, a monstrous roar that lashed from out 
of the pit.  She tilted her head toward the dark pit, and saw a trail 
of blood flow over it's edge.  Her eyes opened in shock as realization 
came to her.  The blood was her blood.  She raised her hand and felt 
the stick hot liquid in between her fingers.  She looked and saw the 
crimson color painted on her hand.  She looked back at the pit as 
another thunderous roar erupted and then she saw a familiar snout lift 
out.   With incredible speed a dragon flew out of the bit.  It's black 
scorched wings flapping for height.  It was at least 75 feet in length 
and probably at least eight-five feet when it stood on its hind legs.  
It's scales were crimson, the same shade as her blood.  Ryoko tried to 
scream, but failed as she felt weak and numbness all over her body.  
The dragon flew through the ceiling like a ghost.  
***
	Tenchi looked up in shock as he heard the roar of some large 
beast and saw on top of the citadel blood colored dragon with charred, 
black wings.  He saw one angel leap into the air.  It was Michael.

	"COME ON LUCIFER!!!  LET US DO BATTLE ONE LAST TIME!!!" He 
screamed in fury toward the dragon.

	"AHHHHHH!!! MICHAEL, STILL EAGER TO FIGHT TO THE DEATH," The 
dragon growled, but it's monstrous voice echoed over the battlefield.  
It's wings flapped in fury as it lifted itself off the giant bulb of 
the citadel.  Michael held his position and then as the beast flew 
toward him Michael swung his blade.  The sword crashed into the massive 
claws.

	Michael flew as fast as he could under the dragon's other out-
stretched claw.  "You missed me," he called out and slashed the dark 
angel's left leg.  The beast roared in fury as fire exploded out of the 
wound from the leg.  

	Tenchi couldn't watch the battle for long.  He had a group of 
shadows surrounding him.  Tenchi twirled his sword over his head like a 
crazed fighter making the shadows back up.  

	"Go on to her!" a voice called out in his mind, but he couldn't 
recognize the voice.  Tenchi turned in a semi circle bringing his blade 
even with his head as it sliced off the head of one of the shadow men.  
Tenchi leaped into the air and thought hard on feeling light as Michael 
had taught him.  Before he fell to his feet, he lifted higher into the 
air.  He looked down and saw the battle below.  Men and angels alike 
were fighting off the massive shadow mass.  Tenchi looked down as he 
saw three figures taking out three to four shadows at once.  He smiled 
as he knew the horsemen were the only ones able to do that much damage 
to a foe.  

	"Go get them guys," he whispered to himself and flew toward the 
citadel.  He knew it would be a waste of time to go through the palace.  
He saw the dragon fighting Michael, but continued to the citadel.  His 
true enemy was right there beside him, but like Michael said it wasn't 
his fight.  He dove downward to dodge the beast's large, swinging tail 
and flew to the bulb the beast erupted from.  He found a small opening 
at the side of the bulb and landed softly to the paved ground before 
him.  

 	The entire place was a sort of black marble, cut to perfection, 
as it was smooth and slick.  He looked up at the giant red bulb above 
him.  It was solid stone, but glistened like metal.  He slowly walked 
toward the opening.  It was like a doorway, but no doors.  He turned 
the corner around the opening, but could only see darkness.  There was 
a small light below him, and then his eyes were able to focus more 
clearly in the darkness.  Tenchi felt a chill on his spine, as his 
sixth sense told him danger was close.  Tenchi quickly turned around 
having his sword ready.  His eyes could see the outlining of a man in 
the darkness.

	"Now, it is time for you and I to finally meet our destiny," came 
the calm collective voice of Natrillus.

	"Yes," Tenchi smiled viciously and blocked a blow for his head.  
Sparks clashed from their blades and he could see Natrillus' cold eyes 
starring straight into his.  Tenchi leaped and kicked the man in the 
stomach sending him into a wall.  Tenchi knew he had to save Ryoko, but 
he didn't care anymore.  His desire to fight Natrillus was stronger.  
It made him hungry to see his opponent's blood dripping from his blade.  
Tenchi parried another blow and flew back as he received a kick from in 
his chest.

	Tenchi's chest felt like fire as tried to catch his breath, but 
leaped into the air as Natrillus swept his blade for Tenchi's legs.  
Tenchi twirled in circles with each time he saw Natrillus his blade 
connecting with his enemy's blade.  Both men snarled at each other as 
they fought to the best of their abilities.  Tenchi took flight in the 
air and tried to dive bomb Natrillus.  

Natrillus saw the attack and tumbled forward and quickly leaping 
forward and flipping his sword over his back.  He only moved an inch as 
Tenchi's sword clashed with his from behind.  Natrillus spun around and 
sliced his sword upward trying to knock Tenchi's sword out of his 
hands.  

Tenchi sensed the attack and jumped back as the blade almost 
caught his own sword.  Tenchi placed his right foot forward and stabbed 
his sword out and flipped his wrist to bring his sword around 
Natrillus' blade.  With a leaping tumble, Tenchi rolled under the blade 
and sliced arched his sword backward and heard the sound of a blade 
cutting trough cloth.  I got him, he thought.  Tenchi tuned back and 
saw sparks fly again as his blade clashed into Natrillus'.  Tenchi felt 
like his legs were going to break from the crushing blow.  Then Tenchi 
saw the blood on the man's leg through the sparks.  It was a trap!  His 
mind screamed at him.  His opponent purposely took the hit on the leg 
to catch him like this.  Tenchi, then realized, the blade was gone from 
his hands.  He was disarmed by that one attack.  He couldn't tell how 
it happened.  He could only remember the heavy weight on his legs.  
Tenchi faltered to his knees. This was destiny.  Only one of them would 
be the victor.
***
	Ryoko tried to climb to her feet as she awoke to the sound of 
swords clashing.  Then, she screamed as she arched her neck back.  
Someone was pulling on her hair.
	
	"On your feet," Malum roared.  With one arm, he lifted her up by 
her hair and stood her to the ground.  "Now, let us finish the 
sacrifice, my dear," he said maliciously pulling a dagger to her 
throat.  "You can't fight me.  You might not can die from a mortal 
wound, but you can be paralyzed."  He slipped her shirt back on and 
kicked her jacket and cloak down the pit.  "But there is one way to 
kill you," he laughed.  "Hell's fire can burn anything; however, I 
cannot toss you in hell.  I can bring the fire from hell here," he 
taunted her with a grin.  He pulled her by pressing his hand on her 
wound with great intent as her scream erupted through the walls.  One 
last torture before the end, he thought.
***
	Tenchi looked down the pit at the sound of a woman screaming from 
below.  He looked up at Natrillus.  Ryoko gave him strength and she was 
in danger.  The fight seemed pointless.

	"It was a good fight," came the heavy breathing from Natrillus.  
"But, you are the only one that can save her."  Before Tenchi could 
move he watched Natrillus shove the sword into his own heart.

	"NOOOOOOOO!!!" Tenchi screamed.  He rushed over to the bald man's 
side.

	"It is the only way to prevent us from fighting.  Now GO!!!" he 
ordered and pushed Tenchi toward the edge.  

	Tenchi looked down to see a big man dragging Ryoko.  Rage coursed 
through his body as he saw blood leak down her shirt.  "MALUM 
DOMINUS!!!!!" he cried out as loud as he could.  The man stopped to 
look up and that was all Tenchi needed.  Tenchi jumped off the edge and 
flew down like an arrow.  Before the undead emperor of men could move 
he was knocked down as Tenchi's head collided into his chest.  The man 
flew into a wall dropping Ryoko to the floor.   "Your evil ends here," 
Tenchi shouted.
	
	Malum growled in anger and lashed out at Tenchi grabbing him by 
the throat.  He could feel it.  Tenchi's neck would break at any 
moment.  "I think not, boy," he uttered in disgust.  

	Tenchi spoke with a low murmur, as it was hard to speak with his 
throat blocking his air pipe.  "I will kill you!" he threatened.

	Malum tossed him into a pillar and opened his hand as fire surged 
out and blasted into the pillar at incredible speed.  "When hell 
freezes over," he bellowed.

	"Then, it just DID!!!!" Tenchi screamed and flew through the fire 
with light coursing through the palms of his hands.  "God, give me 
strength," he cried out.

	Malum looked at him I surprise.  Tenchi kicked the man into a 
pillar.  Malum bounced off like it was rubber.  He charged again toward 
Tenchi with two black orbs glowing in his hands.  Tenchi ducked at the 
last possible minute and heaved the large man's body over him.  Trying 
not to fall down by the tall man's weight.  Malum stepped to his feet, 
but saw Tenchi charging.  Tenchi released the energy from his hands and 
watch it blast into Malum's chest sending the man flying into the pit 
screaming in fear.

	Tenchi dropped to his knees gasping for air as he could finally 
get air.  "I told you I would kill you," he said and looked back at 
Ryoko laying on the ground still.  Fear and worry came to him and he 
crawled hurriedly to her side.  "Ryoko," he called weakly.

	"I am all right," she answered back with a smile.  "You came to 
my rescue."

	"I told you I would never leave you," he smiled.  "When we get 
out of this, how about that baseball game?" he asked with a loving 
smile.

	Ryoko couldn't smile back as a tear dripped to the floor.  "I am 
afraid I can't, Tenchi.  There is one more thing to do, in which as 
your dreams have told you, I won't be coming back from."

	Tenchi remembered the dreams, he shook his head in fury they were 
real.  They weren't dreams, but visions.  "No," he whispered to her 
pressing his lips to her forehead.  "I will go with you.  I won't let 
you go alone," he pleaded.

	"I think you know, you can't." she smiled trying to make him 
smile again.  "Besides I won't be alone.  I am going to give Lucifer 
and Malum a hell worse than the Hell they came from," she laughed and 
slowly forced herself to sit up.  Movement returned to her, but it 
still wasn't easy to move.  She turned back to look at Tenchi blinking 
her eyes shyly.  She reached over and rubbed her fingers over his 
forehead.  She felt the warm thick liquid soak onto her fingers.  
"You're bleeding she said caringly."

	Tenchi looked down at he hand.  "Well," he said returning his 
eyes to hers, "there is a battle outside.  I am surprised I made it out 
alive," he said giving a dry smile to her smile.  

	"Well, you had to.  You did have a damsel in distress," she 
teased and started to climb to her feet.  Tenchi stepped up to help her 
and took her hands in his.  

	"Allow me," he said to her.  He lifted her up and held her hands 
tightly in his.  "I don't want to lose you again," he said sadly.

	"I don't want to lose you either she whispered embracing him in a 
hug, but I have to.  Please understand," she begged pulling back 
looking deeply into his brown eyes.  

	"Okay," he nodded giving in.  He bit his lip.  He wasn't going to 
let her see him cry this time.  It was hard enough for her as it is, he 
thought.  "I love you."

	"I love you, too," she smiled and pressed her lips to his.  
Feeling his warmth next to her one last time.  She broke the kiss 
slowly not wanting it to end.  She turned away and with one leg in 
front of the other limped toward the pit.  He hand clutched tightly to 
the wound over her heart.  "Goodbye!" she called back.  She stepped to 
the edge of the black pit and saw Malum hanging to one of the bricks 
that were out of place.  She smiled.  This is payback, you bastard, she 
cursed in her mind.  She held her hands out like a saint.  "Forgive me 
for my sins," she prayed and took a dive into the pit.  Magically a 
bright light flowed from behind her.  She starred coldly at Malum as 
she fell deeper down and as she passed him she gave her own malicious 
smile.  The evil man looked at her in fear and glanced up and screamed 
as he saw the light behind her.

	"NO!!!  NOOOOOOO!!!" he screamed as the light pushed him down.  
As he fell the light engulfed the man disintegrating his body in the 
light.  The man died squealing like the pig he was. 

	Tenchi cried out from behind her, "RYOKO!!!" and fell to his 
knees crying, but soon the place shook like a black hole was inside, 
but it wasn't sucking him into it.  Instead the giant bulb caved in and 
sucked itself into the pit.  Tenchi looked up as he saw Michael still 
battling the dragon, but then he saw a man sitting on a throne above 
the two fighters.
***
	Michael felt a warm light graze his skin and he looked up.  Satan 
confused why the battle stopped looked up as well and snarled in fury 
at what he saw.
	
	"IF IT ISN'T THE HEAVENLY FATHER HIMSELF," it hissed in rage.

	"I WARNED YOU LUCIFER WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU DIDN'T STOP 
THIS!!!  NOW, I ASK ONE MORE TIME.  "COME BACK TO ME AND ASK 
FORGIVENESS AND I WILL GIVE IT," the man on the thrown said.  His calm 
collected voice was filled with love, but was louder than the snake 
below him.

	"NEVER!!!!" the beast roared as black flames escaped it's breath 
and engulfed the thrown.

	"THAN I CAN ONLY FEEL PITY FOR YOU, MY SON," came the heart 
broken reply and with one blast from the his finger a bright light 
pierced through the beast's heart.

	Lucifer wailed in madness and pain.  Then, like a window getting 
ready to shatter.  The beast's scales and body began to crack as the 
light passed through the its left back leg.  Then, the beast exploded 
releasing fire and pieces of its scales and flesh onto the earth.  When 
the fire cleared a man with long black hair stood in the center of 
where the dragon once was.  Half of his body was scorched and scared by 
the fires of hell.  His left wing was charred black.  The right half 
was beautiful.  His body was well tanned and lightly muscular.  His eye 
cold, but a shade of blue color glowed in it.  The other eye was burned 
shut.  He was probably at one time the most beautiful of the angels.  
The dark angel looked at his hands in disbelief.  

	"You are not sending me back down there!" Lucifer cried out.

	In reply to his retort the man on the throne released another 
blast of light, but this one engulfed the dark angel as he screamed 
pushing him into the sweeping tornado that grew out of the top of the 
citadel.  Lucifer screamed in terror and defeat as his body was caught 
in the swishing winds.  He twirled downward as it pulled him in.  He 
saw Tenchi standing before him as his hands tried to grab the edges of 
the pit, but he was being pulled into fast and sank deeper down the 
pit, till the force made him just fall.  Tenchi stood at the edge 
watching as the angel's body was engulfed in the flames below.  Then, 
the citadel started to crack.

	"I have to get out of here," Tenchi panicked and leaped into the 
air.  Flying out of the big opening.  Just in time, he thought.  The 
citadel caved in right as he flew out, and fell into the void.  Tenchi 
blinked again as he recognized what he saw.  Deep in the void fire 
boiled out of a sea of what looked like lava.  It was a Lake of Fire, 
he thought.  Tenchi looked around at the shouts and cries of victory.  
Men and Angels alike were looking at him, shouting his name and calling 
him a hero.  Tenchi sighed.  He didn't feel like a hero.  Ryoko was 
gone, and worse, even her afterlife would be a nightmare.  A loud sound 
of thunder roared as Tenchi looked up to see the last of Satan's 
followers sucked into the massive lake.  Then, as fast as it appeared 
the lake vanished releasing a bright golden light to surround 
everything.  Tenchi glided down to the surface as the grass grew again 
when the light grazed by it.  Everything that was destroyed was 
returning.  Tenchi moved through the crowd of people patting his back.  
He paused at the sight of a familiar spiked hair woman.  He pushed 
through the crowd hurriedly and turned the woman around by the 
shoulder.  The woman wasn't a woman, but a small girl.  Her emerald 
eyes starred at him in fright.  "Washu!" he called to her, but she 
didn't seem to recognize him.  Tenchi turned as a warm hand grasped his 
shoulder.  He saw Ayeka smiling at him.

	"She can't remember you.  Not until she has been judged, then the 
memories of her formal life will return," she explained.  Tenchi looked 
at Ayeka more closely.  She was more angelic like.  She had no wings, 
but she wore a white robe outlined with a golden silk ribbon.  Her feet 
were bare and she seemed to shine like the angels who were his 
messengers.

	"How do you remember me?" Tenchi asked taking her hand in his.

	"Those who were chosen to be the keys to make the end of the 
world happen are judged instantly.  Like Death was, when she jumped 
into the Lake of Fire," Ayeka said with regret.  

	"Why?" Tenchi asked in a whisper as if he was ashamed to ask the 
question aloud.  He nodded his head in acceptance and looked back at 
Ayeka.  "If you will excuse me, I would like to be alone," he shook her 
hand tenderly in his and trailed off toward a lake.  The lake looked 
like the one back on Earth.  Tenchi turned back and saw Ayeka gone.  In 
fact, he was alone.  Everyone vanished.  Tenchi dropped to his knees as 
he heard the loud bells ring.  

	"Don't worry, boy," came a man's familiar voice.  "We all need to 
be alone.  The bells are ringing to let everyone know that it is time 
for judgment."

	"Michael?"  Tenchi asked feeling heavy sadness in his heart.

	The angel looked at the ocean blue lake in front of them.  He 
nodded with a small grin and changed the subject, as he knew where it 
was going.  "Beautiful lake, isn't it?" he asked cheerfully.

	Tenchi looked back at him with a small grin of his own.  "Yes it 
does, and nice try on changing the subject."

	"Well, I try to help.  However, where have you seen this lake?" 
he asked trying to keep his smile to a grin.

	Tenchi sighed in defeat.  "It looks like the one back on Earth, 
my home."

	"Yes!!" Michael shouted in joy.  "And you are right.  That is 
exactly what it is.  There is no more space between worlds.  Everything 
as one again as it was in the beginning," the angel looked into the 
deep blue sky.  A golden light was gliding toward them.  "I can see 
this is where I part.  Good luck!" he smiled with a giggle and walked 
away from the lake.  

	"Alone at last," Tenchi said sadly.

	"I wouldn't say that," came a caring voice from behind.  "You are 
never truly alone."

	Tenchi turned around startled that someone was still there.  He 
looked at the body before him.  His well-built body was covered in a 
dusty brown gown, and a bright golden light hid the man's face.

	"I believe you and I need to have a Father and son talk," the man 
spoke sincerely and walked over to Tenchi.  Tenchi watched as flower 
bloomed where he walked.  The man sat beside him.  Tenchi couldn't tell 
if that man was looking at him.  The light made it too hard to see.  
"You know I was always called a punishing God," the man said with no 
sign of regret.  "However I do reward my children as well," the man's 
voice had signs of enthusiasm.

	Tenchi's eyes glowed at realization of whom he was sitting by.  
He didn't know what to say or how to react he tried to speak, but words 
would not escape his lips.  The man laughed at Tenchi's bewilderment.  

	"It's okay, my son," he said still giggling.  "I am he."  The man 
tugged on his brown robe  "This old thing is my favorite outfit.  I was 
never much for looking like a king," he explained.  "But as I was 
saying," he said not letting Tenchi speak.  He knew what Tenchi was 
going to say and stopped him before he would live to regret it.  "I 
reward my good children, and you have done good," he said with 
gratitude as he patted Tenchi on the back.  "We all." God's voice 
paused and then stood to his feet.  "Well, I think it is time I leave."

	"But?" Tenchi pleaded feeling cold and alone.  Somehow he felt so 
warm and not so alone when God was beside him.  God giggled again and 
walked away from the lake.  Tenchi turned back toward the lake.  He 
leaped back in surprise at what he saw.  A shadow formed over the lake.  
Tenchi followed the shadow to the feet of its owner.  Then he followed 
up to familiar gray trousers and shirt.  He looked up at the golden 
eyes starring at him.  "RYOKO," he cried out and flew toward her.  
Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and felt his heart beat faster.  
"You're alive!" he cried.

	Ryoko passed her hand through his hair to relax him.  "Yeah, I 
guess I am," she smiled.  "Thanks to him," she motioned her head to the 
top of the hill where two men stood.  Tenchi looked back with her to 
see Michael and God.  Michael had a mischievous smile on his face.

	"You knew," Tenchi laughed to himself as Michael bowed graciously 
at him.   

	God called out to them, "Now, I have one more gift for you!"  
Tenchi and Ryoko looked back at him.  Both smiling shyly.   He already 
gave them what they wanted.  God raised his hand to the sky and then 
vanished.  Tenchi and Ryoko looked around.  They were sitting in seats.  
There was no field.

	"Where are we?" asked Ryoko curiously.

	"PLAY BALL!!!" yelled a voice from below them.  The couple's eyes 
shot up in surprise.  They heard people shout from all around them in 
joy.  

	"A baseball game!" Tenchi laughed and gave Ryoko a small hug.  
"You and I are going to see it after all together.  They leaped up with 
the rest of the crowd in pure excitement and then stopped.  Tenchi 
turned Ryoko to him.  "I am so glad you are back."

	"I am glad to be back," she smiled and leaned forward.  The two 
kissed as the crowd roared.  Ryoko looked up and broke the kiss as she 
leaped up into the air.  Tenchi watched from below in surprise by the 
sudden break up.  Ryoko landed beside him and straightened her T-shirt 
over her jeans.  "Look what I caught," she said in joy.

	Tenchi glanced down to see a baseball in her right hand.  He 
smiled back at her and the two embraced.  

	Two figures stood above the stadium.  "You two deserve to live 
one moral life together.  I will come back for you," the man smiled.  
His face not shining with a radiant light anymore.  "The war is over 
and a couple finally united at the end."

	"Well, you always did work in mysterious ways," Michael said 
beside him.

	"Mysterious to the mortal mind, but not to you," God said.

	"Well, they have earned this," Michael smiled.

	"We all have," God spoke.  "Although in my book, this was the 
end, but in reality it is only the beginning."  The two vanished from 
sight as the crowd roared again.  A ball flew out of the stadium toward 
where God and the angel stood.  


THE END

Well, that is the end.  I hope you enjoyed it.  I am editing a fan fic 
for someone now, and after that I plan to finish up Ruler of Destiny.  
Please send your comments and questions to washu@saiyan.com.  I look 
forward to your replies.  Thanks for all of your support.
 

	

	



