Tenchi Muyou:
Union

Part Two

     As the sun began to rise, Sasami was still cuddling with Ryo-oh-ki.
However, since the cabbit had reverted to her "cabbit" form, it was a
non-sexual type cuddling. The fact that she was pressed between Sasami's
fulsome breasts, whiskers teasing her nipples with every breath the
eighteen-year old princess took, meant nothing. Really.

     "Mya myaa mi-ya, mya," Ryo-oh-ki opined.

     "I'd like it if I could have gotten a letter to Ken-oh-ki and Nagi,
too," Sasami replied sadly. Her sorrow vanished as a dreamy grin crossed her
face at the thought of the deadly yet utterly sexy bounty hunter. "I would
have *really* liked that ..."

     "Myaaaaaa," Ryo-oh-ki sighed.

     "Say ... can Ken-chan --"

     "Mya!"

     "-- Ken-oh-ki, sorry, can Ken-oh-ki assume a humanoid form too?"

     Ryo-oh-ki managed to look sheepish. "Mya. Mya MYAAAAA mya-mya."

     "*That* much bigger than Tenchi-niichan?" Sasami asked, eyes even wider
than usual. "Boy, I'm *really* sorry now ..."

     Once again, the sound of the door to the bedroom sliding open caused
her to momentarily stiffen into paralysis, but this time merely from panic
than the heady mixture of panic and arousal. Sasami carefully shifted under
her futon covers so that her older sister wouldn't see her nudity, not to
mention the fuzzy-whatsit clutched to her bosom.

     Ayeka entered slowly, moving as though something had hit her lower body
repeatedly and with great force. Her royal robes were somewhat disorganized,
and came off far too quickly before she collapsed beneath the covers of her
own futon.

     "Oneesan?" Sasami whispered.

     Ayeka's delicate and ladylike snore was her only reply.

     "Boy, Ryouko-neechan must have given her a real workout this time,"
Sasami mused.

     "Myaaa."

     Long pause. "You've never ..."

     "... mya."

     "Ooh, you ecchi little thing!"

                              *   *   *

     There was something very strange going on, Tenchi mused as he ate
breakfast. There was a strange tension in the air, one almost like the one
just before any major celebration in his life, but it didn't seem to be
focused on him.

     That was actually a rather refreshing change.

     Still, he couldn't quite understand it, and that bothered him. So he
just watched as Kiyone followed Sasami with her eyes as the
electric-blue-haired girl wolfed down her morning meal, wondering what was
going through Kiyone's mind. He watched as Mihoshi hummed while eating her
own breakfast at a pace which would do Ryouko proud, and wondered what she
might need all that energy for. He watched as Ryouko and Ayeka played an
unusual version of their usual bicker-game -- Ayeka kept watching the
demon-girl out of the corner of her eye, and whenever Ryouko gave any
indication that she knew the princess was watching, Ayeka would flush and
look away -- and wondered what they were up to this time.

     It was all very mysterious.

     Maybe it was some sort of feminine hygeine issue. That would explain
the faintly maniacal expression on Washuu's face.

     He stood up and said the usual concluding expression of thanks for the
meal. "I've got to get to work on the carrots now. Yep, carrots, carrots and
more carrots. Enough carrots to give a small nation incredible night vision.
Whole acres of prime farmland, devoted exclusively to carrots. And I'm the
only one who does any farm work around here. So if I don't do this,
*someone* will go hungry."

     To her credit, Ryo-oh-ki did look a bit ashamed.

     "Have fun!" Mihoshi replied cheerfully.

     Tenchi sighed and turned to go.

     "Um ... Tenchi-niichan?" Sasami asked tentatively.

     "Yes, Sasami-chan?" he said, looking back at her.

     "Just be careful out there. That's all," Sasami quickly replied as
Ryouko and Ayeka abandoned their game to give her a unified-front hostile
look.

     He somehow knew, going out of the house, that it was going to be a very
long day. He just didn't know *why*.

                              *   *   *

     Sasami sighed as she leaned back in the bathhouse, squeezing the sponge
to let loose a small rain of hot water drip over her naked body.

     Why Ayeka and Ryouko got so jealous when anyone else expressed an
interest in Tenchi was just beyond her, since she knew they'd been
energetically boffing each other since at least one of their many "horrible
first encounters". Maybe it was because without the veneer of competition
over Tenchi, they'd have to admit that their relationship was founded on
something more complicated, like mutual lust. Or mutual affection. Or a mix
of the two.

    Oh well, she thought as she started to play with herself, it's not like
it's my problem anyway. I wonder who'll show up first?

    Tenchi would probably be last, since it could take many hours for him to
find the card she'd concealed in the carrot patch. But which of the ladies
of the house would work up the courage first?

                              *   *   *

    Mihoshi tiptoed down the path to the bathhouse, clad only in a very
short bathrobe and her usual hair ribbon. (At a very young age, she'd been
told never to remove that ribbon or something terrible would happen.
Unfortunately, the person who'd told her this had been her slightly loopy
great-aunt, and the terrible thing that the old woman had foreseen had
happened quite a few times. So far, Mihoshi hadn't actually *bred*, but it
was only a matter of time. But she knew none of this, and so kept her ribbon
on even during heated sex with persons of either gender. And hasn't this
been a long digression? Don't worry, it's over.)

    "And *where* precisely d'you think *you're* going?" Ayeka snapped as she
stepped out from behind a tree into Mihoshi's path, only a few yards from
the entrance to the bath-house.

    Mihoshi wasn't stupid. She knew at once that she had to think up a very
good lie, very quickly. "Um ... I'm going to the bath-house so that
Sasami-chan and I can have sex!" No, Mihoshi wasn't stupid. Impulsive and
utterly incapable of telling a lie, but not stupid. Sometimes it's hard to
tell the difference.

    "You will *not* have sex with my little sister!" Ayeka shrieked. "I told
you this already, and you are forcing me to take dire measures!" The
princess began to pull up her sleeves.

    Mihoshi never quite knew what possessed her. "Not even if you can go
first?" she asked.

    Ayeka froze as her mind wheeled with flashbacks brought on by Mihoshi's
innocently phrased statement.

    /"Okay," Ryouko said placatingly, "you can go first." She gestured at
Tenchi's bedroom door./

    /"You can go first," said Ayeka's chief upperclasswoman at the
Interplanetary All-Girl Private School said as her clothes were torn from
her in preparation for the initiation./

    /"You can go first," her mother cheerfully told Funaho, and her co-wife
fondly kissed her on the mouth before starting to fellate their husband,
while Ayeka watched from the closet in shock./

    /"You can go first," a much younger Ryouko told young Ayeka as she was
pushed off the plank of a small sailing ship./

    "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Ayeka finally shrieked as her mind returned to the
present, hands stretching out to finally strangle the life out of someone
who'd said that hateful combination of words to her.

                              *   *   *

    Kiyone stepped out of the back door to the house, wearing a short
bathrobe and a troubled expression. She still wasn't sure about this, but
the anticipation was starting to become more than she could handle. And it
would be completely out of character for Sasami to try and use anything that
happened as blackmail material, so she was safe on that front at least.

    "So, off to go cherry picking?" Ryouko asked as she appeared from
nowhere right in front of the teal-haired GP detective.

    On the other hand, it would be *quite* in character for Ryouko to do
something like that, so Kiyone frantically thought up a good lie. "Of course
not! I'm just going to go make sure that Mihoshi *doesn't* try anything like
that, so that Ayeka doesn't kill her." That was even plausible, she thought.

    "Suuurre," Ryouko replied, sounding less than convinced. "That cute
little mop of electric blue hair doesn't turn you on at all."

    "Why does everyone bring up the electric blue hair?" Kiyone asked aloud,
backing up towards the comparative safety of the house. "Why mightn't
someone be drawn towards her bright red eyes, or her fulsome breasts, or her
child-like sense of wonder, or --"

    "Because everyone's seen you drooling whenever Empress Misaki gives an
interview," Ryouko replied cheerfully.

    *That* was the straw that broke the camel's back. "That's it, Ryouko,"
Kiyone hissed, stopping her retreat in mid-stride and starting to advance
towards the formerly-wanted space pirate. "I've been putting up with you for
five damn years, always teasing me with reminders that you and I are natural
enemies, destined to clash and clash again until either I am utterly
destroyed or you are in the chains and shackles where you belong! No more!
This is it!"

    Ryouko lifted an eyebrow. "`Chains and shackles', huh? Is this your way
of saying that you're into B&D?"

    "What? No!" Kiyone shrieked, the remainder of her carefully thought-out
badass intimidation speech falling to pieces.

    Ryouko gave no sign of hearing. "Well, I'm not normally into being the
bottom, but everyone needs a bit of variety, so when and where?"

    Embarassment, fury and lust warred within Kiyone, and since fury was the
most easily expressed of those emotions, she launched a spin kick that
reached higher than her head at Ryouko.

    Ryouko easily fell back, evading both that blow and every one which
followed, grinning saucily all the while. Kiyone wasn't anywhere nearly as
easy to tease as Tenchi or Ayeka, but the results were always worth it. And
a good fight always put Ryouko in the mood.

    They danced along the trail to the bathhouse, Kiyone almost frothing by
this point. Ryouko idly wondered where Mihoshi and Ayeka were.

    Immediately after the thought occurred to her, she ran right into them
-- literally. Just as Ayeka shrieked and reached out to start throttling
Mihoshi again, Ryouko slammed into Mihoshi's back, knocking them forward
onto Ayeka. The sudden drop in Ryouko's velocity caught Kiyone off guard, so
she also slammed into the three of them, sending the group rolling forward
once more, through the doors of the bathhouse.

    Sasami blinked and paused in her self-appreciation as a sight gag -- a
rolling ball of fists and dust -- came rolling through the door. After a
moment, the dust settled, revealing the somewhat abused forms of Ayeka,
Ryouko, Kiyone and Mihoshi.

    "Dit shom'n git da numba uv dat vrate-drain?" Mihoshi asked quietly.

    Sasami stared at them for a second, then put two and two together to get
twenty-three. "Oh wow," she breathed. "You ... you all wanted to be with me
so much that you wound up fighting with each other to decide who'd go first
... and ... and you all got here at the same time!" Tears of happiness
dropped from her eyes. It isn't only guys who find the idea somewhat
appealing, you see.

    "That's *not* what --" a somewhat recovered Ayeka began, trying to pull
her dignity and torn, flesh-exposing clothes together.

    "And you came, oneesan!" Sasami enthused, standing up. "I didn't really
think you'd do it, but you *do* want to have passionate sex with me! Oh I'm
so *happy*!" And she rushed over and began kissing Ayeka frantically.

    "Wait! No! I -- Ah! Oh! Mmmmmmmmmmmm!" Ayeka's protests trailed off as
Sasami demonstrated that her tongue could be put to much more interesting
uses. Under the sudden surge of desire, she also felt a certain amazement at
how quickly her supposedly innocent sister was able to get what remained of
Ayeka's clothes off.

    Then Sasami dove between Ayeka's legs, and the elder sister's mind went
blank at the sensation of those lips moving over her vulva and clitoris.
Even Ryouko at her most kittenish had never felt quite like this.

    When she found herself aware of the world around her once more, Ayeka
noted with a certain amount of annoyance that Mihoshi was going down on
Sasami even as Sasami assertively licked the flower of her elder sister's
joy. Since she'd tried very hard to convince herself that she was only
coming out here to stop Mihoshi from doing just that, it caused her
irritation -- which was quickly banished along with most of her other
coherent thought as Sasami began to apply her talented fingers as well as
her tongue.

    Dimly, Ayeka saw that Kiyone had begun to lick at Mihoshi's firm tits,
while Ryouko was grinning and making "hungry" faces at the teal-haired
galaxy police officer's cunny and rump as well. She wondered if this was
what the upper classmen had meant by a daisy chain.

    "Enjoying yourself, Princess?" Ryouko asked as she reached around from
where she was sitting behind Ayeka to play with her swollen nipples.

    Wait, thought Ayeka. Something was odd here. She had seen Ryouko
starting to eat Kiyone's peach, so how could --

    Oh no. She'd duplicated herself again.

    A brief flashback to being the peanut butter in a sandwich made of two
Ryoukos momentarily terrified Ayeka -- and then her climax was upon her,
banishing everything once more.

                              *   *   *

    Masaki Tenchi hated carrots with the passionate hatred possessed only by
those who have no choice but to have a great deal to do with them. He didn't
like the taste, and if you didn't like to eat them, what possible use could
a carrot be?

    So it is understandable that on seeing the small note on the ground as
he weeded the hundred acre carrot patch, he snatched it up like a dehydrated
man might grab a pitcher of water.

    Tenchi-niichan, (it opened, identifying the author as surely as the
closing), if you find this before midnight on the twentieth of December,
please come quickly to the bath-house. It's VERY important to me. Love,
Sasami-chan.

    To his credit, Tenchi immediately headed towards the bath-house,
wondering what could be so important, and he had been walking for a full
minute and a half before the doubts occurred to him.

    Something seemed wrong about this. Leaving a note in the middle of a
carrot patch didn't seem like the sort of thing that Sasami would do. Could
it be that one of the other girls -- Ryouko, or Ayeka, or even possibly well
no probably not Mihoshi -- had left the note for him to find, and would be
waiting in the bath-house in yet another attempt to seduce him?

    Not that that prospect bothered him in and of itself. Actually, the
thought of getting jiggy with any of the young ladies who resided in his
home made his heart beat faster. Unfortunately, he was all too aware of the
probability that his heart would beat much *slower* -- if at all -- if he
ever made a decision and one of the ones he didn't pick found out about it.

    So he paused in the middle of the carrot patch for a few moments, then
took another look at the note, shook his head and laughed off his worries.
No, this was definitely Sasami's neat handwriting. It was unmistakable. He
headed off towards the bath-house.

    Two minutes later he stopped as the possibility that one of them had
learned to forge Sasami's handwriting occurred to him.

    "AAAAAARGH!" he finally yelled aloud. "I don't know what to DO!"

                              *   *   *

    High above Tokyo, a force of pure evil began to descend towards Juuban
ward, drawn to an intense, emotionally-driven power that it sensed there.

    And then paused in that descent, as its sensors picked up a momentary
burst of greater emotionally-driven power from the Okayama region.

    While the source here in Tokyo was much more consistent in its
outbursts, the one in Okayama seemed much more interesting.

    And so the force of pure evil set out for Okayama.

    Yep. Tenchi's indecision is more powerful that Usagi's fits of pique. Go
fig.

                              *   *   *

    Finally, Tenchi forced himself to make a decision.

    The letter was definitely from Sasami. He could even smell traces of her
signature fragrance on it -- one that she guarded jealously, as it was
rather expensive, so there was no way that someone else could have doused
the letter in order to trick him. So it *was* a letter from Sasami, and he
had nothing to worry about.

    One step this time.

    Unless she'd decided to seduce him herself.

    No! That was insane! He could no more imagine pure, innocent Sasami-chan
--

                              *   *   *

    "MMMMM!" Sasami crowed as both Ryoukos teased at her vagina, while
Mihoshi and Kiyone alternated between gently and forcefully sucking at her
breasts, and Ayeka rode her mouth.

    Had anyone been able to see them, they would have seen her eyes glowing
with pure, innocent lust.

                              *   *   *

    -- doing something as sneaky and underhanded as that. Enough of these
crippling self-doubts! He would go to the bath-house and see what Sasami
needed from him.

    One more step. But it wasn't his fault that he stopped this time.

    An explosion in the ground not far to his right sent him flying. With
reflexes trained by dozens of battles and hundreds of Ryouko's "forceful"
attempts at seduction, he whirled to see his attacker.

    Hovering a few feet above the ground was a rather short man with a lens
over one eye and a weird hairstyle and uniform. "Ah-ha!!" he shouted. "At
last I have found the greatest source of power that this puny planet
possesses!! Now you shall face *me*!!"

    "Um ... hello?" Tenchi began tentatively. "Who are you, exactly?"

    "I?! I am Prince Furuutsu, chief of the Tsukajijin!! Prepare yourself
for mortal combat, human!!"

    Tenchi had known it would be a long day.

To Be Continued

(Okay, so it's not going to be done for the anniversary. Life's like that.)

Chris Davies, Advocate for Darkness, Part Time Champion of Light
Fanfics: http://www.fortunecity.com/tattooine/banks/277/
Fanfic Revolution: http://come.to/hauthor
"I love you too. Why the hell else do you think I keep doing
this?" -- Warren Ellis.