Vacation in Okayama Part 3
""

	Another Day comes as the visitors goto the city, while the other girls
stay at Tenchi's place. Once again, Ryoko and Aeka scheme for that night.
Ryoko: "Ok, who's next?" Aeka: "That blonde head named Mina is stunning,
almost more beautiful than Tsunami." Ryoko: "Yeah. So does that other girl 
she was with that night. We better keep those two from Tenchi as much as 
possible. Any ideas?" Ayeka: "I think Sasami will take a break from cooking 
tonight..." Both girls laughed and started to prepare for that night.
	Meanwhile, Washu was busy in her lab, examining the data on the 
visitors. Washu: (Hmmm... this is very intresting. These girls seem to never 
have any kind of horny thought, according to this data, yet their behavior 
the other night proves different. How is this?) Then Washu's link with Ryoko 
alerted her to the rival's plans. Washu: (How convient! Aeka and Ryoko will 
help my research without even knowing it! I don't even have to make a plan!) 
Guess I should order Chinese...
	[In the house] Aeka: "Sasami! Um... Ryoko and I will cook dinner tonight.
We thought that if one of us should become Tenchi's wife, we should see who 
has the best attributes of a wife, so we're have a contest to see who could 
cook the best meal. Sasami: "Are you sure you want to do this? I don't want 
to have to clean up a big mess afterwards." Ryoko: "Don't worry; we'll be fine."
Sasami: "(I'm not worried about you, I'm worried about the kitchen) OK then, you'd"
better start now. Bye!" [...] Ryoko: "Good, she's gone. Now where's the aphrosidac?
Aeka: "Maybe it's where the seasoning is?" They check the seasoning cabinent and 
find the stuff behind some powdered herbs. Ryoko: "You think after that incident
with 'Chef Noboyuki' they'd throw this stuff out." The scheming girls took out a
fairly new cookbook that Ryoko stole (They're knida poor right now) and followed
a recipe, mixing the aphrosidac into it. Soon it was ready.
	[At dinner] The visitors were back from a very exciting day at an amusement
park, and everybody was at the dinner tables (The original table was split to make
the dining area look a little like a resturant, courtesy of Washu). The cooks had
served four horny-making dishes, two for them (so they would be ready for the next
phase of the plan), and two for Mina and Raye. They made another pot for the 
others. They spiked Tenchi's drink with sleep powder so that he would be too sleepy
to freak any other girl. Much to everyone's surprise, there was no big mess in the
kitchen, and the meal was great. 
	After dinner, some evening events went on. Washu had actually changed the 
whole house to suit the guests. The living room looked like a miniature movie 
theater. All the guests, except for Mina and Raye, went there for some "feature" 
that was going to play. When they were gone from the tables, Aeka and Ryoko 
approached Mina and Raye. Aeka: "Hi, Mina? I have something very intresting in my 
room that you've got to see!" Ryoko: "Yeah! We found it just a few days ago at some 
store in town. You can come too, Raye" Mina: "Really? What is it?" Aeka: "It's a 
secret! Please come with me." Mina: "Well... OK! Come on Raye!" Raye: "I guess I'll 
go too." Aeka nodded in approval, and she and Ryoko lead the now even hornier 
scouts to the princesses' room and closed the door.
	By that time, the "feature" ended and everyone was going to sleep, except 
Sasami, who was locked out of her room for some reason. Aeka went to one of her
personal dressers and pulled a very realistic-looking dildo, with several more 
inside. The sight of the dildo did several things to the horny scouts. They 
immediately thought of what happened that other night. They each took a dildo, 
feeling all of its bumps, lines, and curves. Mina: "Wow, it's looks so real, can we 
borrow these?" Aeka: "Sure!" With that, the horny blondie stuck it right in her 
mouth quick as lightning! This gave the other three girls suprised looks on their 
faces. Ryoko (to Raye): "(Is she crazy!? She just took that dildo and stuffed it 
right down her throat!) Raye: "(She's always horny. None of us know why!)" Ryoko: 
"!!!" Mina now laid herself on the floor with dildos in all three holes. Aeka, 
Ryoko, & Raye: "!?!?!?!?!" This gave Aeka and Ryoko an idea. 
	They laid right where Mina was and started to move the dildos, causing 
muffled moans from Mina. Raye's mind then suddenly clicked in her head and she 
started to suck on one of Mina's breasts. [In the lab] Washu noticed that Raye 
appeared lost and confused, then she looked a bit lusty, which gave here plenty of 
ideas to get samples (heheheheheh). [Aeka's room] Now all three pleasers lapped at 
Mina's hot cunt like puppies and their mom. Soon Mina had plenty of fingers in her 
hole, and she was squirming for joy. Aeka and Ryoko moved back to Mina's breasts, 
while Raye fetched a dildo. Mina was going crazy over all the pleasure. She
constantly moaned and screamed when she came. Raye graciously licked most of Mina's 
cum. She gave the soaked dildo to the other girls. Mina, Ryoko, and Aeka started to 
fiercely lick the wet dildo until it was dry.
	While they licked at the dildo, Raye took a dildo and started to please
herself. Ryoko saw this and appeared right over Raye. Raye: "!" Ryoko: "Relax! 
There's nothing to worry about." Soon their lips were locked in each other, as 
Ryoko could taste the last drops of Mina's cum. Raye horny mind now focused on 
Ryoko as she slipped a finger in Ryoko's pussy. Ryoko: "!!" Raye broke the kiss and 
went to the nipples. They were still lying on the ground, and Raye began to caress 
Ryoko's mounds. Ryoko wallowed in pleasure as Raye lashed at her swollen tits and 
her expert-like ministrations on her cunt. 
	Mina had recovered from her orgasm just now, and she joined Raye in 
pleasing Ryoko. Aeka could not believe that these young teen girls now acted like 
true lesbians. But she didn't want to get left out. She crawled over to Ryoko's 
dripping twat, now being pumped with four fingers alternatively. Ryoko's pleasure 
was significantly heightened when Aeka's tounge started down Ryoko's skin for her 
pussy. Soon Aeka's wet member reached its destination. Aeka then noticed the 
hanging breasts of the duo, and reached her hands up to grab them. Mina and Raye 
found that the sudden applied force gave them a good shock, effectively removing 
their fingers from Ryoko's pussy for Aeka to happily lick and suck on.
	[Tenchi's room] Tenchi turned in his bed trying to get some 
sleep with all the noise coming from the princesses' room. Soon he 
gave up and went out into the hall, where Sasami had fallen asleep 
on the wall. Tenchi: (Why is she out here?) Tenchi walked up to her 
and shook her awake. Sasami: "Huh?...(Yawn)... oh hi Tenchi." Tenchi: 
"What are you doing sleeping out here?" Sasami: "Well, when I got to 
the room the door was closed shut and I heard a lot of voices inside. 
I was waiting for them to finish, but I was so sleepy, I fell asleep!" 
Tenchi: "I can't sleep. There's too much noise coming from the room." 
A loud moan was heard from behind the door. Tenchi & Sasami: "?" They 
put their ears to the door.
	[Aeka's room] Ryoko had cum all over Aeka's face, and Mina and 
Raye were licking all the juice up, sliiping each other some tounge in 
the process. Ryoko couldn't resist and joined them, which cause a four 
way kiss (Is that even possible?). All the while they were sqeezing 
each other's breasts. [Outside] Sasami: "What do you think they're 
doing in there?" Tenchi: "I dunno, but I've got a pretty good guess..." 
Then they heard nothing through the door. Tenchi: "Huh? Why did it get 
so quiet?" [Inside] The girls were over each other's pussies. They were 
in a square-like position, and each girl was licking another girl's 
cunt. They found it hard to keep liking as each girl moaned loudly and 
approached orgasm rapidly, which soon happened. Cum came shooting out of 
all their pussies like rivers. Loud moans escaped their mouths at their
cumming. The horny girls lapped up most of their cum, then they did four 
way kissing again. 
	[Outside] Tenchi and Sasami: "!!!" Sasami: "(They could of invited 
us)" Tenchi: "(Yeah) [Them horny little bitches know me better than to 
leave me out.]" Sasami removed her head from the door: "Tenchi, I don't 
think I'm going to sleep in my room; can I sleep in yours? (Wink)" Tenchi: 
"Uh... sure Sasami" Sasami and Tenchi went to his room and shut the door. 
Sasami ran to Tenchi's bed and jumped on it, inviting Tenchi to join her. 
Tenchi: (Just a horny little thing isn't she?). Tenchi got on the bed, and 
both of them promptly started to take each other's clothes off. When they 
were both fully unclothed, Tenchi marveled at Sasami's beauty yet again.
One of the effects of Tsunami's partial merger with Sasami was that Sasami 
reached the end of her puberty at the instant, giving her a full-grown 
woman's features, whilist keeping her short height. Tenchi very much liked 
this feature, since it made her look almost better than any of the other 
girls. Tenchi kissed his way down to her mounds and sucked HARD on Sasami's 
nipple. A very loud moan escaped her mouth as she was driven to pleasure. 
Tenchi stuck two fingers in Sasami's cunt and massaged it vigorously, 
causing Sasami to start to buck in rythmn with his fingers. She soon started 
to let drops of cum bead out of her pussy onto Tenchi's fingers. He brought 
them up to their mouths to lick on. The taste was splendidly delicious to 
them, and Tenchi had to get more. So he promptly put his face to Sasami's 
pussy and licked freely. Very loud moans that could probably wake the dead 
escaped Sasami's mouth. Tenchi, amist all the sounds his actions produced, 
heard her and picked up the pace. Sasami was overjoyed at her future husband's 
administrations and quickly came for him. Cum came out of her like spitfire, 
splashing all over Tenchi's face. Tenchi tried his best to drink in as much 
of her richly sweet juice as he could, but he didn't get it all. Sasami sat 
up and looked at Tenchi's cum-smeared face. Pity immediately fell upon Sasami 
and she licked the remaining bits of her cum off of Tenchi.
	Soon Tenchi's face was free of cum and Sasami then kissed Tenchi's 
cheek, while she lowered herself to Tenchi's throbbing hard-on. Without further 
delay, Tenchi was thrown into the receiving end of pleasure as his cock entered 
Sasami's mouth. She handled his cock like a professional, bobbing her head 
strenuously. She quickly work Tenchi back to hardness and now Tenchi was starting 
to grunt in his pleasure. Very soon did Tenchi shoot his load into Sasami's waiting 
mouth. Sasami had trouble drinking all of her lover's cum; there was so much of 
it that it couldn't be contained in her small mouth. Some of it squeezed out the 
sides of her mouth and ran down her silky cheeks and her breasts. She did not 
want to waste any of his cum, so she took her fingers and scooped up all of 
the remaining sperm-filled liquid to take it in. By now, the other four girls 
had fallen asleep. Tenchi was now tired and hastily fell asleep, with Sasami soon 
after.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well, there it is. I'm very sorry for the big delay, but I've been pre-occupied with many other
things. The next part is coming, written based off of AAA-Phucknut, THE funniest lemon writer
ever! Til next time...
										-Jacker