Vacation in Okayama Part 2
Pretty Pussy Princesses
by Jacker

Disclaimer: Everyone in the story is owned by Pioneer and not me, so there!

-----------------------------[Day 2]----------------------------------------

	After a seemingly short night, morning came, and Sasami was making 
breakfast. Lita wanted to help, so she was there too. Everyone except Ryoko and 
Serena was out of bed. After asking if they could stay longer, they took the van 
and went to town, leaving Serena behind. When she woke up (about 11:50), she found
out the gang left her, she was deeply depressed. She wanted to be with Darien all
the time, and she didn't want that of her "cousin." She left sub-space and went to
the front of the house. Everyone except Sasami, Serena, and Ayeka was gone somewhere.
Ayeka was watching a soap opera on TV, which Serena found intresting. Ayeka: "Good day,
Miss Serena." Serena: "Hello, Miss Ayeka! Where is everybody?" Ayeka: "All of your 
friends went to the city for the day." Serena: "WHAT!? HOW COULD THEY DO THIS TO ME?"
Ayeka (surprised): "..." Serena: "Now that little brat Rini will try to take Darien
from me! It's not fair! (Sees a scene on the TV) Oooh, what is this?" Ayeka: "... It's
a soap with a love triangle. It's very intresting." Serena: "Oh well, I guess I'll be 
here the whole day, so I'll watch these with you." (They watch TV.) Sasami was doing 
everyone's chores, and getting all the money from doing them.
	The soap featured a very heated love triangle between two girls and a guy. The
show was a special, and the girls almost stopped at nothing to try to get the guy. 
Ayeka: "Oh my, he's in a real fix." Serena: "I'll say!" Then there was an ironic plot
twist, a very !!!!!! one. Ayeka & Serena (shocked): "HUH!? I didn't think it would
turn out this way..." The show started to make both girls horny, but then, Serena: "I'm 
going for a walk. Bye! (Leaves)" Ayeka waves, then: "OK Ryoko, it's safe to come out."
(Ryoko phases out of a wall) Ayeka: "Quite the little freak to sit here and watch that
scene! This could be easier than we thought, especially if she's like the rest of those
girls. This'll be fun!" Ryoko: "Yeah." Ayeka: "How about we get her in the forest?" Ryoko 
nods, and they leave, not noticing Sasami listening to the whole conversation. Sasami: (Oh 
no, not again!)
	Serena looked out over the forest, marveling at it's calmness and beauty. She 
decided to find a place hidden away from the trail and take a break. Close by, Ryoko and
Ayeka were waiting for the chance to seduce her, and this was it. [Away from Serena] 
Ayeka: "OK, let's go." They both appeared in her view. Serena: "Hi! What'cha doing out 
here?" Ryoko: "We went for a walk too. It's too stuffy in the house. We just wanted to 
get out and enjoy the sun!" Ayeka: (???...!!!) "We're going to get tans." Ryoko: (I 
get it now) Serena: "Wow! Away from any beach? How?" Ryoko: "Come on, we'll show you!"
All three girls walk to a sturdy, treeless cliff. Serena: "It's so BEAUTIFUL! This is 
better than the beach!" 
	Now they got ready to tan, but... Ryoko: "You don't mind us getting a FULL body 
tan, do you?" Serena: "!!!...no, go...right...ahead..." {But in the back of that horny 
mind that every scout has, no matter how big, small, or freaky, she thought}: (WOW! They 
are so, beautiful! I'm getting horny and wet fast just looking at them. Makes me want to 
freak them) Ayeka motioned secretly to Ryoko (Don't ask how since Serena was lying between
them [ !!! ], and not on each other...) to start the persuading. Ryoko: "You know, they 
say that if you have sex outside you'll tan faster." Serena: "Really?" Ayeka: "I heard 
about that. I think it says that the heat generated will help you tan faster... in about 
(How long should this take... 30 min) 30 minutes. Serena: "...(I know i'll be irresistable 
to Darien if I can get a tan and get back to their house before he gets there with that...
OOOOH she makes me so MAD! I'll show her!)... Sounds like fun!" Ryoko & Ayeka: "!?!?!?! 
(This girl is more freaky than I thought.)" Ryoko rolls over toward the princesses and 
says: "I want to try it, but I don't know any guy who'd want a tan, not even Tenchi 
(better ask him before Ayeka does)..." Serena (horny as ever from the statement, sits up 
and faces Ryoko, with her legs slightly open): "Maybe it was meant only for females?" 
	All this time Ayeka was crawling toward Serena. She finally got to her and hugged 
her from behind: "I think we should try it!" Ayeka was puposely putting her hands near 
Serena sensitive spots, while Ryoko got closer. This was making Serena very tense at what 
Ayeka was doing, but she eased and went with it. Ryoko had got to them and was taking 
Serena's lingerie off to reveal her exceptionally beautiful body, which stunned Ayeka and 
Ryoko. Her fairly round breasts and... Ryoko: (Huh? Her pussy is shaven!? This is even 
better!) Ryoko: "You first Serena" Ryoko started to lick Serena's cunt like a dog, while 
Ayeka started kissing Serena's neck. Serena simply let her body go into the older girls' 
hands as she enjoy the immense pleasure she was given. Ayeka made her way down to Ryoko 
and soon two tounge lapped at the moon princess's pussy, causing a considerably loud 
reaction from Serena. At that pace, it didn't take long for Serena to cum in Ryoko's and 
Ayeka's faces. Upon the very sweet cum hitting their taste buds, they couldn't help but 
notice that this girl was sweeter thatn any other girl they seduced, ever. They put this 
puzzling thought aside for Washu later. 
	Now hornier than ever, Serena sought to return the favor. Serena: (But which one?)
 That question was quickly answered as Ryoko left for some bag she brought. Serena picked 
up the tired Ayeka and kissed her way to Ayeka's breasts. Soon she sucked the Jurian 
princess's nipples erect and super-sensitive, giving Ayeka much pleasure. Ryoko returned 
with a toy strapped on her. She had said a few days ago to Washu that all the toys she saw
in the store were too little, so Washu made a giant sized one that was big enough to get 
wedged between two girls pussies. Ryoko found that place between the now laid down 
princesses and stuck it there. The toy dick promptly started its job as it rub Serena's 
and Ayeka's pussies, as it had a lot of roughness on it. The princesses kissed and moaned 
into each others mouths as they came over the toy. Ryoko then started to twist the rubber 
dick, one of its special features thought up by Washu. This made the cum of both girls 
spread all over each others pussies and get mixed up. Then another feature was revealed: 
the big rubber dick twisted right off to reveal two smaller ones just like it. Ryoko: 
(Washu is such a genius!) Ryoko stuck both dick into each of the princesses' pussies, 
making them cum over and over. Their breasts rubbed together as Ryoko pumped the full of 
rubber and their loud moans could be heard for yards around. Soon the princesses came 
again. Ryoko now tired as she awaited her turn to cum, which didn't take long.
	The princesses whispered to each other what they would do as Ryoko looked up into 
the sky. They crawled over to Ryoko's waiting body and got right to the fun. Both 
princesses stuck three fingers in Ryoko's cunt, which was already dripping. Cum started 
to flow freely from the cyan-haired girl's hole. The princesses acted like clones of each 
other, mimicking the other's movements at the same speed as they sucked Ryoko's heaving 
breasts. Ryoko was losing her mind in the feel of their fingers rubbing her clit and their
mouths on her nipples, harder than ever. She nearly trapped their fingers in the powerful
orgasm that ensumed. All three girls were very tired after that and napped on each others'
bodies, naked of course. (Nothing happens to them) For what seemed like 6 hours, but was 
only 2, they slept. [At the house] Everyone was back except for Ryoko, Ayeka, and Serena. 
They got worried and went to search for them. [At the cliff] Ryoko: "Wow, it's pretty dark
out here." 
	Serena: "We better get back to the house fast!" Ryoko: "Fast, huh?" Within seconds,
Ryoko grabbed the princesses and teleported straight to Ayeka's bedroom. Serena was dazed 
at what just happened. Serena: "How did you... !?!?" Ryoko: "Ask Washu in the lab sometime." 
They dispered and told everyone that they were taking a walk and just got back to the 
house. Everyone went to sleep, without a bit of horny-ness in the air, so breakfast was 
going to get intresting.

Not bad for my second "high-class anime" lemon if you ask me. Send your comments to 
pikachugold_2000@hotmail.com. Til next time!
										-Jacker