Vacation in Okayama Part 1

A lemony, twisted cross between the end of Sailor Moon S and Tenchi In Toyko 
by Jacker. Expect some surpirses!
P.S.: Hotaru is a teen.

	It was a sunny summer day. The girls had lots of money from a beauty 
contest (won by Mina of course), enough to go on a real vacation, something 
they hadn't done in a long time.
	They were at the shrine looking at brochures. Raye: "How about Mt.
Fuji?" Serena: "Oh please, that place is so OOOOOOOOooollld!!!" Raye: "Well,
where do you want to go, oh wait! I know! How about Italy!? They have great
pasta, and Serena can donate a few meatballs!" Everyone except Darien and 
Serena laughed. Rini: "She might even eat them, since she's always hungry!"
They laughed some more. Serena was turning red. She shouted: "NO WE WON'T!"
Raye: "We were only kidding Serena." Mina: "Surrrrrrre you were Raye" 
Raye (sweatdrop): "Uh..." Lita: "How about this place?" She was holding a 
brochure on Okayama. Rini: "Oh, WOW! Thhat place is so pretty! I wanna go 
there!" Amy: "It looks very peaceful. I can get a lot of studying done." 
Serena: "You're the only one who would study on a vacation Amy. You should 
relax once in awhile." Omara: "What's wrong with that?" Michelle: "Sometimes 
even the littlest noise can distract you..." Amy: "And libraries are not always 
quiet. This place seems quiet enough." Serena: "Well, I'm going to enjoy myself 
while I'm there." Everyone agreed to go to Okayama. Things didn't turn out as 
they had planned though...
	Once again Aeka and Ryoko were fighting over Tenchi. Everyone else in the 
house had to stop them, and Tenchi got really mad, because they broke something 
that was in the Masaki family's possesions. Tenchi: "WHY DO YOU GIRLS HAVE TO 
FIGHT IN HERE ALL TO THE TIME!? I CAN'T STAND YOU! GO UPSTAIRS AND TAKE A NAP, OR
SOMETHING! DON'T COME DOWN HERE!" Ryoko: "But Tenchi! It was mean Aeka who 
started it! Send her to her room! Not me!" Aeka: "Don't even start Ryoko! You 
started all this mess!" Tenchi: "I don't care who started it! You both were in it
so you both get it! NOW GO!" Ryoko & Aeka look at each other: "Hmph!" They go up
stairs to their rooms. Tenchi thinks: "Oh man, what am I gonna do about this? 
Maybe Washu..." Needless to say, Washu popped out of her lab suddenly. Little 
Washu: "What's wrong Tenchi? I saw the girls go upstairs." Tenchi: "They broke 
this vase, and it's like a Intergalactic Playboy Magazine to my Father." LW: 
"He's gonna be mad when he gets home!" Tenchi: "Uhh... Washu, could you fix 
this?" Washu: "Well lucky you I keep a spare house with clones of everything in 
the house" Tenchi: "THANKS Washu!" Tenchi gives Washu a big hug. Washu: "Don't 
mention it!" She leaves very sweaty from the feel of the hug to her. Tenchi 
decides to go to the fields. He tells Sasami that he's going out and leaves.
	After a few hours, all ten scouts and Darien were at an airport and all 
too soon going down the road near 300 mph. As they were going through the country, 
Haruka was being a road hog driving on the wrong side. She had swerved to miss 
hitting someone walking on the road, and crashed into the trees (Ouch!). Tenchi 
ran over to them and asked: "OMG! Are you alright? You look pretty bad." Tenchi 
quickly examines the situation and notices how many girls are in the van. After 
climbing out of the wreck, they told him they were OK, but the car wasn't. Tenchi
felt like he caused the wreck a bit and said: "You can come to my place for a 
little while until your van gets fixed. I know someone who can fix it." The inner 
scouts had hearts in their eyes for Tenchi. Darien: "That'd be good." Tenchi lead 
them to his house. Lita: "This house is HUGE!" Tenchi (sweatdrop): "Well, it's a 
long story. Come on in!" They walked in and were greeted by Aeka and Ryoko.
	Aeka & Ryoko (With hearts in their eyes): "HI TENCHI!" Tenchi sighs and 
everyone else has question marks on their head. Tenchi: "I thought I told you to 
go upstairs!" Aeka: "Well don't blame me. Ryoko tried to sneak down, and I went 
to stop her." Ryoko: "Who are they?" Tenchi: "Uh..." Everyone introduces 
themselves. Most of the single scouts were thinking "He's such a hunk! Please be 
with me sweet prince" (Or something like that) Tenchi: "Where is everybody?" 
Aeka: "Sasami went for a walk. Mihoshi and Kiyone came. They're in the ladies' 
room. Noboyuki isn't home yet." Ryoko: "Washu is in her lab." Tenchi: "OK. Come 
on, you got to see this!"
	They go in the lab, which astonishes all the visitors. Serena: "WHAT is 
this place?" Tenchi: "This is a lab." Ami: "How could all this fit inside a broom
closet!?" Washu: "It dosen't." Everyone turns heads toward her. "This place is 
called sub-space. That closet was only a portal here." Rini: "Who are you??" 
Washu gives her long intro with the FX and the Washubots. Serena: "(Is she mad?)"
Tenchi: "(A little bit, but it's ok.)" Washu: "So Tenchi, why are all these 
people here?" Tenchi: "They got in a wreck, and they need their van fixed." Washu:
"I don't come cheap..." Tenchi: "Oh come on Washu! Give them a break!"
Washu: "Well... OK!" The scouts sigh. Washu tells them to put the car behind the
house. Tenchi and Darien leave to get the car, leaving the girls at the house.
	Washu: "So where do you girls come from?" 3 of them: "Tokyo" Rini: "We saw
how nice this place was and decided to come here for a vacation." Secretly Washu 
had built them a bunch of sub-space rooms for them when they got to the front to 
stay in because she somehow knew that they were going to be at the house for a 
while. Later in the conversation... Washu: "Why don't you stay with us? It'll be 
on the house!" Everyone but Serena: "..." Serena: "Well, I guess we could stay for
a while, but where would we sleep?" Washu: "Follow me!"
	The boys got back and went inside. Noboyuki arrived soon after. Nobo: 
"Hello young man. Are you one of Tenchi's friends?" Darien: "..." He was cut off by 
12 girls exiting the lab. Noboyuki's jaw dropped in awe of the beauty that was 
before him, and froze. The scouts got ? marks above their heads. Tenchi: "(You'll 
have to excuse him; he's a little perverted)" All of the inner scouts (except Lita)
were in almost too short skirts. Tenchi: "Hey, you should meet my grandpa at the 
shrine! Follow me." They leave, followed by a very eager Noboyuki. Ryoko (crawling
toward Aeka): "Well, we have the house to ourselves. Wanna go upstairs, hmmmm???
Ryoko started to feel on Aeka. Aeka was getting horny from the idea and agreed and
went upstairs, being carried by Ryoko.
	Tenchi: "Grandpa!" At the shrine, more introductions took place. Yosho
suggested that Tenchi take them on a tour of the area and of the city. They all 
wanted to go (Darien didn't care much, he just wanted to be with Serena, alone...),
so they did that. It was late when they got back, around 11:45pm, and they were all
tired. They all went to their rooms (which were fit for royalty, of course). Here's
who slept with who: Serena+Darien, Lita+Ami, Omara+Michelle+Trista, Raye+Mina, & 
Rini+Hotaru. (Sometime when Washu showed them the rooms she showed them the women's
bath as well.) [Raye's and Mina's room] Mina (to herself): 'He's so handsome! I'll 
give him a treat every night!' With that, she left, but not before Raye caught her 
leaving. Raye: "Where do you think you're going, Ms.Horny?" Mina: "!...um...for a 
..." Raye: "Save it, I want him too, lets go together!" So they left to find Tenchi.
	Ryoko and Aeka were upstairs freaking the whole time. Tenchi walked up the 
stairs, only to hear moaning in the princesses' room, knowing what was going on.
What he didn't know was that a few scouts snuck out of sub-space to give 'em some
(heh heh heh), and surprised him. It was Raye and Mina, in only bras and panties!
(So freaky...) Mina & Raye (sweet voice): "Hi, Tenchi!" Tenchi: "!?... Uh... hi 
girls...(sweatdrop)" The girls wrap their arms around him on both sides: "Are you 
feeling horny right now?" Tenchi thought: 'Well, at least they're a little younger.'
[Washu's lab] Washu: 'I knew these girls were freaks! This visit should get intrest-
ing REAL soon' She had the whole house on security films she made. She saw every-
thing from the 'mailbox' to the bathroom at the end of the 2nd floor hall. 
	[Tenchi's Room] Tenchi was being stripped now. Mina and Raye had happily 
began to suck it HARD, and I mean HARD! Tenchi came in only a few seconds! Tenchi:
"That's a record! I wish I had some of that dick rejuvenating cream Washu made..."
Raye: "Awww... I wanted some! Why did you have to be a ho..." She was interrupted
by Mina's mouth over hers. They kissed, and Mina let what was left of Tenchi's cum
seep into Raye's waiting mouth. Tenchi: (Oh shit! Damn these girls are super-
freaks! YES!) He was still panting. The girls broke the kiss and started to freak
each other while Tenchi was trying to jack his dick back to life.
	[Aeka's Room] The girls had stopped their fun, and their heads were pressed
against the wall, since they heard more than silence from Tenchi's room. Ryoko: "I
bet those girls are in there with him! The nerve of them to steal my Tenchi!" Aeka:
"What do you mean YOUR Tenchi!? Tenchi is mine only, and you know that!" Ryoko: 
"Uh-huh, anyway what do we do about them?" Aeka: "We could occupy their time..."
Ryoko: "Good idea! Let's do it tomorrow!" Aeka: "OK"
	[Serena's Room] Darien couldn't wait for them to be alone. Serena was con-
stantly moaning at Darien's actions. She really couldn't wait either to give her 
man her body all night. Now they screwed happily. In the next room Rini was very
pleased that they screwed, since her very being would be caused from them.
	[Tenchi's Room] Tenchi's dick came back to life and was screwing Mina's 
pussy, while Raye sucked her tits. She was basking in pleasure from both of them.
Then Sasami came to the door. They carelessly left it open, and Sasami was in shock
at what she saw. All freakyness quickly stopped, which aroused even more intrest in
Ryoko and Aeka as they heard nothing, when one girl was moaning before. Sasami: "?"
Tenchi: "Sasami! Uh..." Sasami: "I knew this would happen! Tenchi, your a naughty
boy!" Tenchi: "But Sasami...!" Sasami: "I'm going to have to teach you a lesson!"
Then she politely walked up to Tenchi and gave him one of the biggest kisses you 
could ever get from a horny eight year old girl. The scouts thought: "WTH? This girl
is..." Their minds were interrupted when Sasami asked them to: "Strip me, please?"
Mina & Raye: "Umm....Sure, OK!"
	Needless to say, Sasami was quickly over Tenchi like a cowgirl (Sasami: very 
bad joke!). The scouts were getting bored, so they started to let Tenchi suck their 
breasts. Somewhere in sub-space Washu was intrigued by the horniness of all three
girls, and the ferocity. She was sure to do too many reports on these next incidents,
she thought. Back in Aeka's room, both girls were getting horny just from listening
(Well, Ryoko did phase through the wall and got there quicker...), and so they started
to freak all over again. The scouts were jacking off now, more accurately, they were
in a 69! So was Tenchi and Sasami, who was utterly enjoying herself and the feel of 
her future husband's dick in her twat. After some time, everyone in both rooms came 
and went to sleep, wherever they were (Meaning...) Raye, Mina, Sasami, and Tenchi all
stayed in his room, with the rivaling girls in Aeka's room. But Washu thought: "This
ain't over yet!" ...

And it isn't! Next Time more scouts and pretty hot sailor soilder pussies get screwed!
See ya!
										-Jacker

