Vengeance

Part one:
Tragedy

It's so dark. Where am I? I. I hear something. I hear 
voices. Crying? What happened? Why can't I remember? Why is 
it so dark? Oh my God! The pain! I can fell the pain 
spreading throughout my whole body. It is infecting me. Oh 
God, it hurts! HELP ME! Somebody. help me. What is this? I 
can see light! I feel water on my face. What is this? I am 
so confused. Wait a minute. tears? Some one is crying? Why? 
Wait a second. I know that voice. Ryoko! Why is she crying? 
Ryoko. what is wrong? Ryoko. Ryoko! RYOKO!

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi gasped as he jutted up. "Ryoko, why 
are you crying? Wait a minute, where am I?" Scared and 
confused, Tenchi looks around the room he is in. There are 
two beds, a lot of lights, a television, and a few chairs. 
Something is odd though. The room is so clean. No, not 
clean, immaculate. This fact did not settle well with 
Tenchi. Suddenly, his eyes me up with Ryoko's. All she did 
was stare, wide eyed at Tenchi. Then she started to shake. 
Tenchi instinctively reached out to comfort her. As his hand 
met her shoulder, Ryoko let out a loud gasp. Tears welled in 
her eyes as she stared at Tenchi. Suddenly, she dove at him 
in a bone-crushing embrace.

	"Tenchi!" she yelled. "Tenchi.Tenchi. Tenchi." she 
repeated. Shocked, Tenchi just sat there as Ryoko rocked him 
back and forth, crying. After a while, Tenchi regained his 
voice.

	"Ryoko, where am I, and why am I here?" he asked as 
he pried himself away from the space pirate. A hurt and 
confused look flashed over Ryoko's face. After what seemed 
like eternity, she finally spoke.

	"You don't remember?" she questioned. "My goodness. 
We have a lot to do. First, though, you need your rest." 
Just mentioning the word "rest" made Tenchi's eyelids 
heavy. The last things he saw before drifting off to sleep 
were Ryoko's beautiful, golden eyes. 

	After a few hours, Tenchi stirred. He was awoken by 
more voices. As he opened his eyes, he saw the source of the 
voices. There, by his bed, where Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, and 
Ryoko. They all seemed sad about something, but their faces 
changed as soon as they noticed Tenchi was awake. A flood of 
hugs and friendly gestures hit him. After seeing Tenchi's 
confused look, Ryoko stepped between him and his family. 
"He doesn't remember," she stated in a sorrowful tone. 
"He doesn't remember anything."

	"Remember what?" Tenchi asked in a frustrated manner. 
	"Never mind that now, just relax. I'll work on it with 
you." Ryoko stated.
	"You should probably get started while the memories 
stay fresh in his subconscious." Katsuhito suggested. We'll 
wait back at home." As the others left, Ryoko floated over 
to Tenchi's bed. A look of shear pity played on her face. 
She settled next to Tenchi and, unexpected to him, she took 
his hand into hers. 

	"You have been in a coma for three months now." She 
slowly stated. A terrified stare swept over Tenchi's face. 
Ryoko continued to inform Tenchi of the past events. Tenchi 
seemed to get more frustrated with each revelation. Finally 
he couldn't take anymore.

	"Why can't I remember? Why am I here?" he shouted. 
Ryoko couldn't help but start to weep as she started in on 
the dark day when this all started. Her face was contorted 
into a deep pool of sorrow.

	"Nagi finally found out about my whereabouts and came 
after me. When she neared the house, Ayeka spotted her. She 
ran as fast as she could and warned us of Nagi's arrival. 
She and the rest of us prepared to battle as she neared. 
During the battle, Nagi got the jump on you and Ayeka dove 
between the two of you." Ryoko's voice began to falter as 
she spoke. A tear coursed down her cheek. "Nagi's energy 
blast struck her in the back. There was nothing we could do. 
The blast created flung you into a boulder and you where 
knocked unconscious. It killed Ayeka instantly. Nagi, 
realizing that she just killed Juraian royalty, fled." 
Ryoko stopped trying to hold back the tears. They flowed 
down her face as she sobbed uncontrollably. "I'm so 
sorry."

	"It's okay." Tenchi said. All he could to stop the 
tears was to concentrate on comforting Ryoko. "She will be 
avenged. I will help, of course. I know how much this must 
hurt." Suddenly, he lost the fight with grief. Tears 
streamed down his face and mixed with Ryoko's as they held 
each other tight. Their bodies shook as they wept.

	A thought entered Tenchi's mind. "What happened to 
Sasami?" he asked. "Was she.?"
	"No. She survived. A Juraian ship escorted he back to 
her mother and father. She will be the queen now. She is 
doing well, poor baby."
	"Poor Ayeka. She gave her life to save me and she left 
her sister all alone. I. I need to rest. I must let this new 
information soak in." Tenchi said. As Ryoko turned to 
leave, Tenchi spoke once more. "Did you stay beside me the 
whole time I was in a coma?"
	"Yes. I couldn't bear to leave. I. I love." she 
stuttered.
	"You what?" asked Tenchi, innocently.
	"I wanted to know if I could stay a while longer." 
She quickly replied.
	"Of course you can." Tenchi answered. Ryoko thought 
she could hear a little hint of disappointment in his voice. 
Slowly, she sat on the bed. Out of nowhere, Ryoko felt 
Tenchi take her hand. Her head shot over to Tenchi, who was 
starting to weep again. This sight was too much for Ryoko to 
take. They fell asleep in each other's arms, crying. 

	The next morning, Tenchi awoke, gazing into two golden 
eyes. At first, he was startled. Quickly, however, he became 
accustomed to it. A smile slowly crept onto Ryoko's face. 
After wondering what caused it for a while, Tenchi spoke up. 

	"What is it?" he questioned. Ryoko just continued to 
smile.
	"What is what?" she asked.
	"Why are you smiling?"
	"I just always dreamed I'd wake up next to you." She 
sighed.

	Taken aback by this revelation, Tenchi could only 
stare. He tried endlessly to find the right words, but none 
came. After a while, Ryoko's ears perked up. Before Tenchi 
could ask why, she phased through the floor and hid. Just as 
she did, Nobuyuki walked through the door. He was carrying a 
large bag in his arms. He also seemed to be smiling.

	"Get up boy, we're going home!" he stated happily.
	"What? You're breaking me out?" Tenchi spoke 
confusedly.
	"NO! The doctors have the test results in, and they 
say you are fit to go home. Well, what are you waiting for? 
Get dressed."
	"Do you mind?" Tenchi asked sounding annoyed. "If 
I'm going to get dressed, could I have a little privacy?"
	"Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'll be down in the main office, 
filling out the release papers."

	After breathing a sigh of relief, Tenchi spun around 
and faced the bed. After staring for a while, he finally 
spoke.

	"You can come out now Ryoko. Dad is gone."
	"How in the hell did you know I was still here?" she 
asked quizzically. "I didn't even make a noise."
	"I just. knew somehow." He replied sounding equally 
confused. "Weird. it was almost like I could sense your 
presence."

	Out of nowhere, Ryoko flew towards Tenchi and hugged 
him tightly. Her face beamed with a light that could only be 
described as radiant. Confused, all Tenchi could think of 
doing was return the embrace. 

	"What was that all about?" he asked slowly.
	"Ask me that later" Ryoko sighed. "Then I'll tell 
you." She just continued the grasp he had on Tenchi, until 
he finally broke the silence.
	"I should probably get dressed, Ryoko." He pointed 
out.
	"Who's stopping you?" She responded with a sly grin.
	"Ryoko." Tenchi spoke sternly.
	"Okay, okay. Killjoy." She added, still smiling.

	As Tenchi undressed, his mind strained to piece back 
together the past events, which caused him this grief. When 
he finished and headed towards the door, he thought he heard 
a whistle. All he could do was hang his head and sigh. Round 
one goes to you, Ryoko.

	On the way to the office, Tenchi froze in his tracks. A 
quick scene flashed through his head. A sudden explosion 
rocked the Masaki residence as Nagi began her assault. Then, 
as quickly as the memory came, it left Tenchi. Slightly 
unnerved by the recollection, he made haste to the main 
office. When he made it there, he saw Ryoko standing next to 
Nobuyuki, engaged in a formal conversation. Instantly upon 
realizing his presence, she lowered herself under one of 
Tenchi's arms, to help him conserve the energy he would be 
using to walk. Without caring about being noticed, she 
floated to the car, carrying Tenchi in her arms. Normally he 
would put up a fight, but his remembrance of the past left 
him weak and light headed. Nobuyuki followed shortly behind. 
While watching Ryoko's heart felt display, he couldn't help 
but smile.

	On the long drive home, Tenchi slept in the back seat 
while Ryoko sat next to Nobuyuki in the front. All of the 
sudden, Ryoko gasped. After sniffing the air for a short 
moment, she murmured, "sweat?" and phased into the back of 
the car. Gently, she lifted Tenchi's head and rested it on 
her lap. There, she wiped the perspiration from his 
forehead, and planted a tender kiss in it's place. In her 
arms, she could fell Tenchi relax. Then, out of the blue, he 
dreamily whispered her name. Ryoko just sat there, 
trembling. A solitary tear of joy streaked down her cheek, 
dangled on her chin for a moment, then landed on Tenchi's 
lips. Because of this, He stirred slightly, sighed, and let 
a small, innocent smile creep over his face. Once more, his 
voice spoke of his subconscious feelings. "Ryoko. mai 
amai"

	After a sort eternity, the car finally pulled into the 
drive. Nobuyuki exited and opened the door for Ryoko and 
Tenchi. In doing so, he noticed that neither where awake. 
After taking in the moment, he decided to wake Ryoko. After 
only placing a hand on her shoulder, he came face to face 
with a furious, golden gaze. The fury quickly melted, 
though, after Ryoko saw who woke her. Being jumpy came with 
the space pirate package. Nobuyuki seemed to understand 
completely.

	"Would you please take Tenchi to his room? I haven't 
the strength after such a long, restless drive." Nobuyuki 
pleaded as he bowed. 
	"I'll do you one better." She boasted. "I won't even 
wake him." Then, before Nobuyuki's very eyes, she and 
Tenchi vanished. 

	A second later, the two where in Tenchi's bedroom. 
After much contemplation, Ryoko decided her course of 
action. While holding Tenchi, she split herself in two. The 
original Ryoko held Tenchi tight as her counterpart pulled 
his covers down and turned out the lights. After placing 
Tenchi in his bed and tucking him in, the two Ryoko's re-
joined and stood there a few minutes. Looking down on 
Tenchi, she sighed. The moonlight shone down on him through 
the window above his bed, giving him a light glow. Slowly, 
Ryoko bent down and gave Tenchi a delicate kiss on his 
forehead before phasing out into the hallway.

	As she walked past the guest room, she couldn't help 
but gaze inside. Looking at the spot where Sasami slept 
brought a tear to Ryoko's eyes. Then, almost instinctually, 
she looked at where Ayeka slept. There was no bedroll, no 
futon, nothing but cold, hardwood floor. That was all it 
took. Ryoko quickly teleported under Ryo-oh and began to sob 
uncontrollably. 

	"We where never enemies, where we Ayeka? We only 
fought over Tenchi. Why did you have to die? I never would 
admit it, but I miss you. It's just not the same without you 
and Sasami here." The tears flowed more freely now. "I. I 
don't know what to do. DAMN YOU NAGI! WHY COULDN'T YOU JUST 
LEAVE US ALONE? Why.why. damn."

	Ryoko then nearly jumped out of her skin as a hand 
rested on her shoulder. After a few seconds, she realized it 
was Tenchi's.

	"I thought I would find you here. Are you going to be 
okay?" he asked in a concerned tone. 
	"I knew you would come. Please don't leave." Ryoko 
said as she stood up slowly. "Just hold me. Please 
Tenchi."

	Without hesitation, he reached out and took hold of 
Ryoko. Slowly, he started rocking her back and forth. Much 
to Tenchi's surprise, a tear swelled in his eyes and 
trickled onto the rock under Ryo-oh. Ryoko held Tenchi tight 
and started to feel slightly lightheaded. 

	"What's wrong Ryoko?" Tenchi said, concerned. "You 
look pale."
	"I'm. fine." She feebly replied. Suddenly, she 
collapsed on the ground. Shocked, Tenchi just stared. After 
a few minutes, he regained is senses and, with shaking 
hands, bent down to carry her to the house. Slowly, his 
hands began to graze the surface of Ryoko's clothes. Sweat 
started forming on his forehead as he neared her rear end, 
lightly coming into contact with her as he moved one hand 
past. With one arm around her back and one under her legs, 
he cradled her tightly in his grasp. Then, weary of each 
step, Tenchi slowly ventured for home.

	When Tenchi approached the house, he noticed all the 
lights where on. Not knowing how he should feel, he 
swallowed it all down and continued to walk. While doing so, 
he failed to notice Ryoko was coming to. When he reached for 
the front door, it shot open. There stood a very worried 
Nobuyuki. 

	"Where have you been? The whole house has been worried 
sick about you. You just come home from the hospital and you 
disappear in your sleep. Even Kiyone and Mihoshi came to 
help look for you!" He shouted. All words seemed to be 
sucked from his head when he noticed Ryoko lying listlessly 
in Tenchi's arms. "I. I think you should get her in a bed. 
I'll go get Katsuhito. He's probably at the shrine. You 
should put a damp rag on her forehead and keep an eye on her 
until we get back."

	After his dad stormed through the door, Tenchi started 
towards the stairs. As he reached them, he stopped. "Wait a 
minute, you don't have a bed do you?" After thinking a 
little, he decided that his bed would have to do. Carefully, 
he ascended the stairs and headed into his room. He gently 
placed Ryoko on his bed. As he did, he heard her give out a 
short groan. Her eyes where closed tight but she immediately 
started to relax when her head hit the pillow. Content with 
her condition, Tenchi left to fetch a damp towel.

	While he was gone, Ryoko slowly started to regain 
consciousness. After one failed attempt, she successfully 
sat up. Propping up on her elbows, she curiously examined 
her surroundings. She did not know the room she was in. 
Something, however, was familiar. Then it hit her. She took 
in a deep breath and confirmed her suspicions. "This room 
must be Tenchi's," she thought out loud. "I smell his 
scent on everything."

	"Thank god you're alright." Tenchi spoke from the 
doorway. There he stood with a bucket of warm water and a 
towel. 
	"Why am I here?" Ryoko asked weakly.
	"You passed out and you have no room to go to, so I 
took you into mine. I hope you don't mind."
	"How did I get here?" she asked suspiciously. Tenchi 
began to blush slightly.
	"I carried you home." He confessed. A dreamy look 
swept over Ryoko's face. A slight smile grew on her lips.
	"You carried me? Thank you. Thank you so much."

	Meanwhile downstairs, Katsuhito and Nobuyuki walked 
through the door and stood in the middle of the living room 
calling Tenchi's name. Hearing this, Tenchi started to 
leave. 
	
	"Don't leave me. Please stay." Ryoko pleaded. 
	"I must, but I'll be right back."

	As he walked down the stairs, he met up with his father 
and grandfather. Both had a concerned look upon their faces.

	"Where's Ryoko?" they both asked in unison.
	"Well you see, she has no room, so I let her into 
mine." He started nervously. 
	"Well, let's have a look at her." Nobuyuki said, 
failing to hide the excitement of Tenchi having a girl in 
his room. As the three of them entered the room, they saw 
Ryoko tossing and turning in her sleep. Tenchi was going to 
wake her, but Katsuhito grabbed his arm.

	"Let her go. We may find out what's wrong by her 
nocturnal rambling. Let's listen." He explained. They sat 
against the wall as Tenchi sat next to Ryoko on the bed. 
After a few moments, she began mumbling. It was too quiet 
for anyone to hear, however. Tenchi bent over to where his 
ear was right next to Ryoko's lips. 

	"Tenchi.wake up. please wake up." Ryoko began. Tenchi 
seemed a little embarrassed. "Why won't you wake up? I 
swear I will not rest until you awake, my Tenchi. Please. I 
love you Tenchi. to much to lose you."

	Tenchi was taken aback by that last sentence. All he 
could do was blush and sweat. Seeing Tenchi's reaction, 
Nobuyuki approached him.

	"Is something wrong Tenchi?" he asked innocently.
	"I. I'm fine." He happened to choke out. "I think 
Ryoko's just exhausted. She said she didn't sleep while I 
was in the hospital. She must feel horrendous."
	"Then let us leave her in peace." Katsuhito 
proclaimed. "Tenchi, you must watch over her and keep her 
comfortable in her time of need. Whether you meant it or 
not, you are responsible for her condition. You can 
sacrifice a night's sleep to make up for her months of 
loyalty."
	"I guess so." Tenchi agreed. "I just hope she gets 
better."

	While Nobuyuki and Katsuhito left the room, Tenchi 
placed the compress against Ryoko's head. At contact, her 
face lightened and relaxed. Now, all she said was "Tenchi. 
Tenchi. Tenchi."

	"I'm right here Ryoko. I won't go anywhere tonight. 
Just relax." He said in an effort to comfort her. "I'm 
sorry for worrying you while I was in the hospital." 
Slowly, he reached over and took Ryoko's hand, squeezing it 
gently. Her response was a slight sigh. Suddenly, she fell 
into a deep sleep. Tenchi, somewhat relived, dampened the 
cloth and placed it back on her forehead. He, however, was 
now left in total silence. After a few hours, though, Ryoko 
was again dreaming of Tenchi. Incoherent mumbling filled the 
room, with the occasional "Tenchi."

	Overtaken by his emotions, his heart racing, he placed 
a kiss on Ryoko's forehead. A slight moan escaped her lips 
as she rolled over and faced Tenchi. He could see a smile 
spreading across her face and she breathed another sigh. 
Tenchi decided to go to the kitchen and retrieve some tea. 
He would need it if he were to stay up and care for Ryoko. 

	On the way out the door, Washu caught him. With a 
single gesture, Tenchi was able to silence the little genius 
in order to prevent Ryoko's awakening. Leading her into the 
kitchen, they started their delayed conversation.

	"Hey kid," Washu whispered, "I thought you where the 
sick one, not Ryoko."
	"I was. Now Ryoko is. Did you know she barely slept 
for the whole three months I was in the hospital?" Tenchi 
announced.
	"Of course I know, I was your doctor!" she proudly 
stated.
	"What!" Tenchi said, barely able to keep quiet. "I 
thought my doctor was a man."
	"Do you honestly think I would trust you to such 
primitive forms of medicine? As for the gender thing, I was 
easily able to cloak myself in a holographic rendering." 
She gloated. "How else would you have been able to leave 
only a day after recovering from a coma? As for when I was 
not there, I had the room under constant surveillance."
	"Well in any case, Ryoko's lack of sleep finally 
caught up to her and she collapsed. Being as that I'm 
responsible, I shall care for her while she is in a frail 
condition." Tenchi explained.

	After saying their goodnights, Tenchi headed back to 
his room. He stopped outside of the door to listen in and 
see if she came to. He heard rustling and thought she was 
tossing around again. Much to his surprise, when he entered 
the room, Ryoko was attempting to stand up. Tenchi dropped 
his tea and quickly grabbed Ryoko, as she was about to fall.

	"What were you trying to do?" Tenchi said in a 
concerned voice.
	"I. I'm all sweaty. I was going to take a bath." She 
confessed.
	"Well, I am supposed to take care of you. I'll walk 
you down to the bath." At this, Ryoko grabbed one of 
Tenchi's arms and started out the room. Slowly, they 
descended the stairs and neared the bath. Taking her hand, 
Ryoko slid the door to the bath open. Leading her inside, 
Tenchi left the door cracked. Ryoko gave Tenchi a curious 
look.

	"This is so that if you need me for anything, I can 
just walk in and help you out." He explained. Slowly, Ryoko 
walked towards the bath. Tenchi stood guard outside the 
door. He was just about to sit down when he heard a gasp and 
thud. Tenchi blasted through the door like a bolt of 
lightning. There laid Ryoko, straining to get up. Tenchi 
lent her a hand and she started to shake. 

	"I guess I'm still a little lightheaded huh?" she 
said, trying to giggle. Tenchi was now worried.
	"I guess I'll have to help you. Forgive me but I can't 
let you hurt yourself." He bowed as he led Ryoko to the 
edge of the water. He made sure to turn around while Ryoko 
removed her clothes. "Is there anything you need?" he 
asked, trying not to stare.

	"Would you please scrub my back? I can't reach." She 
asked. 

	"I. I guess so." Tenchi stuttered as he spoke. His 
hands where shaking as he reached for the bath soap. He 
squirted a large glob in his hands and slowly reached 
towards Ryoko's back. She gave a slight gasp as he came into 
contact with her smooth, taut, flawless skin. Tenchi worked 
the soap into a frothy lather before cleaning Ryoko. He 
started at her shoulders, slowly caressing his way down in 
between her shoulder blades. Hesitantly, he slipped a hand 
down to the small of her back. After sensing he couldn't 
take it, he quickly moved his wandering hand back to her 
upper-body. Sweat started forming on Tenchi's forehead as he 
worked the soap into Ryoko's creamy skin. Mai tentei he 
thought as he explored Ryoko's back.

	Unable to avoid this potentially embarrassing 
situation, he decided to bite his lip and go through with 
it. Tenchi dispensed another small glob of soap into his 
palms and headed for the small of Ryoko's back. When coming 
into contact, both he and Ryoko gave a small shudder. While 
kneading the soap into Ryoko's back, Tenchi used all his 
willpower not to get an erection. Then came the most trying 
task of all. He had to lather and wash one of the most 
beautiful surfaces he's ever seen. Ryoko's butt hanged just 
inches from Tenchi's soapy hands. Just when Tenchi had 
enough willpower to touch her divine rump, all hell broke 
loose in his mind. Just as he came into contact with Ryoko, 
she let out an unintentional moan.
	
Blood shot from Tenchi's nose as he excused himself 
from Ryoko's presence as she entered the water. Finding a 
secluded spot, however, was quite easy in such a colossal 
bath. After finding a nice corner to dwell in, he tried to 
regain control of his wandering mind. "I must be a 
gentleman. I cannot give in to my bestial desires. I am a 
host to Ryoko and must respect her at all costs." He 
reassured himself. Suddenly, a voice wafted into his ears 
from behind him.

	"What's the matter Tenchi?" Ryoko whispered into his 
ears.
	"Uh, N-nothing, why?" he tried to mask the hint of 
embarrassment in his voice. He tried his best to hide is 
throbbing erection. From what it seemed, he did a good job 
doing so. 
	"I'm ready to go back upstairs now. Would you help me 
dress?" she cooed. Tenchi just hung his head. Why me?

	"Sure Ryoko." He tried to sound casual about the 
whole matter. Just as he was about to reach for her 
garments, he shot a gaze over at Ryoko.

	"Wait a minute, you can just phase into your 
clothes." He accused.
	"Damn, you can't blame a girl for trying." She said 
with a small grin. Then, before his very eyes, Ryoko floated 
into the air, spun around once (for dramatic effect), and in 
a flash, was fully clothed. 

	"Wow. I wish I could do that." Tenchi said dreamily. 
	"I'll remember that." Ryoko remarked. Tenchi just 
looked at her in a confused daze. "Just remember that you 
said it." 

	Slowly, They walked up to Tenchi's room. Once they 
entered, Ryoko flopped into bed and lay there. All she would 
do was stare off into a dream world. Every once in a while, 
she would smile and sigh. Suddenly, Tenchi remembered 
something that was plaguing him.

	"What was that whole thing about being happy I could 
sense your presence earlier Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

	"Are you sure you want to know?"
	
	"Definitely." He responded.

"Well, I don't know how to say this. Uh, well the fact 
is." she stumbled on each word and began to turn crimson 
red. "They say that only those who are in love with my 
species can sense each other." She blurted out. Tenchi 
could just sit there and stare in deep contemplation. All of 
the sudden, he tapped Ryoko's shoulder. When she turned over 
to see what Tenchi wanted, they met face to face. Slowly, 
Tenchi leaned down and kissed Ryoko tenderly on her lips. 
Ryoko's eyes jutted open and slowly closed again. All she 
could think was it this is a dream; I hope I never wake up.

	When they finally parted, Tenchi saw a single tear 
trickle down Ryoko's cheek. He brushed it away and held her 
close. Suddenly, Ryoko broke the silence.

	"Tenchi. Remember how you said you wish you could do 
what I could?" 
	"Yes." He replied

	Once he did, Ryoko grabbed him by his shirt, pulled him 
close, and kissed him full on the mouth. As she parted 
Tenchi's lips with her tongue, he tensed up. A cold blast 
tore through Tenchi and he could only hold onto Ryoko and 
wait. When she broke their embrace, Tenchi felt as if he was 
filled with the cold. The last thing he remembered was Ryoko 
speaking. "Nemuri iza, mai aijou."
