Vengeance

Part Five:
Final Conflict

So we've finally found Nagi. A great battle will soon ensue. 
I am worried because my grandfather has no Med-Kit to help 
him. He is the greatest fighter however. He, Ryoko, and I 
are one of the same. We are warriors. 

	"Nagi!" Ryoko howled as she dove at her. She was 
shocked at the appearance of her greatest enemy. Ryoko 
knocked her down and was going to shoot an energy projectile 
down on Nagi but she easily knocked her off. Now angry, Nagi 
jumped to her feet and brought out her energy whip. The glow 
of the whip shone bright in the dismal lighting of the bar. 
With one swift move Nagi's whip found it's way around 
Ryoko's neck. 

	As Ryoko screamed in pain as the whip tightened around 
her neck, Tenchi ignited his sword and charged after Nagi. 
She was prepared for this and brought forth an energy sword. 
With one hand she dueled with him while keeping a firm grip 
on her whip. Ryoko saw this as an opportunity and mustered 
her strength. She grabbed the whip and flung Nagi against a 
wall. Loosing her concentration, her whip diminished and her 
sword disappeared. Charging after her, Yosho brought out his 
bokken and crashed it down upon her ribs. Nagi grabbed him 
by his bokken and tossed him away. As she struggled to her 
feet she spat out a small glob of blood. Wiping it from her 
face, her eyes grew enraged.

	She screamed and dove on top of Tenchi and pummeled him 
with a barrage of fist blows. Ryoko run behind her and bit 
her hard in the neck. This caused Nagi to stop hitting him 
and turn to her. As she turned, she met with a blast from 
Ryoko. The blast hit her square in the stomach and knocked 
her down. Lying on the floor, she opened her eyes and saw 
Yosho coming down on her. She rolled out of the way just as 
his knee broke through the floorboards. She countered with 
kick to his chest but he caught her foot in mid flight. He 
flung her by her foot into the ceiling. As she came down, he 
planted a roundhouse kick to her back. She flew right into 
the bar and through to the other side. 

	As the dust settled, they saw the hole she made. Nagi, 
however, was not around. Ryoko floated above the bar but 
couldn't see her anywhere. 

	"Die!" Nagi screamed as she sniped off shot from one 
of the ceiling fans. The blast flew at Yosho with insane 
speed.

	"Grandfather!" Tenchi shouted as he dove between him 
and the shot. He formed his shield just as the blast 
connected with it. Nagi stood there wide-eyed.

	"That was my most powerful shot." She said in 
disbelief. "How could anyone stand up to that?"

	Tenchi And Yosho where knocked down by the immense 
power of the last attack. All the wood around them was 
charred except the wood protected by Tenchi's shield. His 
shield was now glowing purple. He let out a blast of purple 
that streaked towards Nagi. She jumped to the side, but was 
not fast enough to avoid the blast. Her left hand was 
disintegrated. Holding her arm, she howled in pain. A light 
green glow surrounded her wound. Suddenly, a new hand jutted 
out of her arm! No one could believe what they where seeing.

	"As you can see, I have learned some new tricks since 
last time we met." While she gloated to Tenchi and Ryoko, 
Yosho sneaked up behind her. Swinging his bokken, he struck 
her behind the knees. This brought her down as Tenchi shot a 
powerful blast at her. Quickly, she grabbed Yosho and held 
him before her.

	"No!" Tenchi screamed as his blast neared Yosho. He 
held out his hand and closed his eyes. As he did the shot 
stopped. Though Nagi was shocked, Yosho just hopped out of 
the way and ran. As he did, Tenchi let the shot continue its 
path. It slammed into Nagi with such force that she slid 
across the ground and into a stack of chairs. She got up, 
wiped the sweat off of her forehead, and spat out a little 
more blood.

	"Impressive. Shall we continue?" she said as she held 
out a hand.

	"Let's." Tenchi mocked as he charged at her. 
Suddenly, he stopped right in front of her. A confused look 
shot across her face. Tenchi looked past her and pointed. As 
she turned around, she met up with a close range blast from 
Ryoko. This did not hurt as much as Tenchi's shot, but it 
angered her greatly. She grabbed Tenchi's arm and swung him 
into Ryoko. She then brought out her energy sword and swung 
downward with all her might. It hit nothing but air as 
Tenchi and Ryoko teleported out of the way. By the time Nagi 
realized what had happened a bokken came down across her 
back. Without even letting the pain come into realization, 
she pounced on her attacker. She got a couple of good hits 
in before Tenchi tore after her. 

	He tackled Nagi and brought up his healing orb around 
Yosho. Wondering what it was, Yosho hit it with his bokken. 
He was astonished at the fact that it didn't even dent it. 
Ryoko entered the orb, grabbed him, and began to explain.

	"The warmth. You felt it, right?"

	"Yes. What is this thing? I couldn't even scratch it 
with my bokken."

	"Tenchi made it. It heals whoever is inside. That was 
what the warmth was. Also, it may me strong to physical 
blows, but bursts when attacked by energy blasts."

	"Excellent! I feel great, let's go." He said before 
stepping out of the orb. As he did, he readied his bokken 
for another charge. Screaming, he stampeded towards Nagi. 
She avoided the charge by launching herself into the air. 
She countered the charge with two energy blasts shot 
straight at Yosho. He avoided the shots with little effort 
and jumped up after her. Grabbing her by the waist, he flung 
both Nagi and himself into a table. When they landed, he 
thrust his bokken down at her head. She grabbed it mere 
seconds before it would have impaled her and crushed it into 
splinters. Shocked by this, Yosho retreated. Tenchi dove 
after Nagi and laid a crushing blow down upon Nagi's head. 
She knocked him away with an energy blast and followed it up 
by wrapping her whip around his neck. Gagging, Tenchi 
struggled to get free. Nagi jumped over a support rafter in 
the roof and hoisted Tenchi off of his feet. 

	As he was hanging there gasping for air, Ryoko made an 
attempt to free him. Charging after Nagi, she pulled out her 
energy sword. Nagi parried around the shot and hit Ryoko in 
the head, knocking her out. Tenchi was also loosing 
consciousness due to lack of air. Just as he had given up 
hope, Yosho blazed past him. He sliced through the whip with 
the Lighthawk Wings. Renewed with hope, Tenchi charged after 
Nagi as soon as his feet hit the ground. He scooped her up 
in his arms and charged. He didn't stop until he ran her 
into the wall. Yosho grabbed Ryoko and looked over to his 
grandson.

	"Tenchi! Ryoko's hurt!" he yelled. Hearing this, 
Tenchi made another orb. Stepping inside, Yosho set her down 
and returned to battle. In a matter of minutes, Ryoko was 
ready for more. Tenchi had been engaged in a sword fight 
with Nagi for several minutes until Yosho interfered. He 
tried to bring down his energy sword into Nagi's back but 
was kicked out of the way. This gave Tenchi enough time to 
attack. He brought up his shield and absorbed Nagi's energy 
sword. He then used the energy to blast her energy whip into 
pieces. Tenchi's team seemed to be getting the upper hand in 
the battle. Ryoko joined the fray with a bust of energy 
fire. This was merely a diversion so that Yosho could sneak 
around behind Nagi. He then grabbed her arms and held her 
still. This was Ryoko's cue to attack. She closed in on Nagi 
and pummeled her with a barrage of punches to the ribs. 
Blood trickled out of Nagi's mouth. 

	By this time, word had spread about the fight and 
people from all over the galaxy were watching as a news crew 
filmed it. Word eventually spread to the galaxy police. 
After hearing about how dangerous the battle had gotten 
Kiyone and Mihoshi headed off to intervene. They couldn't 
let anyone else get hurt. When they got there they escorted 
the planet's residence away from the danger. Now only the 
four warriors remained. Mihoshi stood outside the bar 
watching the battle. After Kiyone told her it was time to go 
she waved goodbye.

	"Good luck!" She shouted at the combatants. Ryoko 
shot a glance over to where the noise came from. This was 
all Nagi needed. With cunning speed she sliced through 
Ryoko's stomach. Her intestines spewed forth onto the floor.

	"No! Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted. Suddenly he realized 
something. He saw her Med-Kit begin to glow and hum. In a 
flash, Ryoko was restored. Still Tenchi was enraged. He 
charged at Nagi with blinding speed and accuracy. Slice 
after slice was blocked as Tenchi's sword clashed with the 
bounty hunters. His eye's shined with golden radiance. Sweat 
began to show on Nagi's brow as she fought to stay alive. 
Blinded with rage, Tenchi slashed wildly and lost control. 
His sword extinguished due to lack of concentration. Still 
he fought on. Punch after punch was thrown. Each one made 
him scream a little louder. Nagi was scared for the first 
time in her life, not by his attacks, by his eyes. They 
where cold and unforgiving. Not a hint of emotion where in 
them now. It was almost as if instinct had taken over. After 
punching until his knuckles bled, Tenchi collapsed to the 
ground. 

	"Tenchi? Are you alright?" Ryoko asked. He could hear 
the fear in her voice. 

	"Yes, I'm fine. What about you?" he said looking at 
her tore clothes where the cut was a moment earlier. 

	"The Med-Kit worked like a charm. I guess we owe Washu 
a little credit."

	Without warning, a blast of energy tore at Tenchi's 
back. Nagi stood there staggering. She could hardly stand 
up. Her ribs where broken, she was bleeding from numerous 
small cuts, and she was just plain fatigued. Tenchi was 
going to attack but then noticed something was missing.

	"Where's Yosho?" he wondered aloud. Just then, Ryo-
Ohki appeared above the bar, jumped into the air, and 
transformed into a ship. Yosho was then beamed onboard. They 
flew above the battlefield and settled over Tenchi. 
Suddenly, Ryo-Ohki's laser began to power up. Yosho's voice 
could be heard over a loudspeaker.

	"Tenchi! Use your shield!" he screamed as the ship 
blasted down on him. He quickly pulled his shield into 
action and held it above him and Ryoko. The blast hit the 
shield with such force that both Tenchi and Ryoko screamed 
out. After the blast stopped coming, the shield hummed and 
shined a bright purple. As he aimed it at a now shocked and 
confused Nagi, Ryoko appeared between Tenchi and the shield. 
Slowly she raised her hands and touched the shield. 
Suddenly, she started pumping energy into it. The shield was 
vibrating as Tenchi regained aim. Nagi's screams could not 
be heard past the roar of concentrated energy. The blast did 
not completely destroy her however. The blast was so 
concentrated that it only destroyed her mid section. Ayeka's 
murderer slumped over into a pool of her own blood. Her face 
still had a look of shock on it. 

	"We did it. It's over." Ryoko said quietly.

	"Not yet. We have some unfinished business to attend 
to. Let's go." Tenchi spoke happily. As Ryoko walked over 
to Ryo-Ohki Tenchi walked over to the charred corpse of 
Nagi. Slowly, he bent down and said a prayer. Then he 
ignited his sword and decapitated her. A stunned look passed 
over Ryoko's face.

	"Why did you do that? That was heartless." Ryoko 
gasped.

	"You'll see. Everything has reason. I know what he 
intends to do. It's okay." Yosho said calmly. 

	"If you say so."

	As the two staggered to the ship, Nagi's head in 
Tenchi's hands, Ryo-Ohki beamed them abroad. Tenchi walked 
over to Yosho and sat down. 

	"How did you know that blast wouldn't have killed 
me?" he asked, a little angry.

	"I don't know. I just. knew. I always taught you to 
trust your instincts haven't I?" He asked skeptically.

	"Yes, but my life was on the line here!" he shouted.

	"Even though, you still must trust your instincts."

	"All right grandpa, if you say so." He said quietly. 
"Ryoko. Could you get me a bag to put this in?" he said, 
raising Nagi's head. Quickly, Ryoko retrieved one. 
"Thanks."

	"Just put it away. It gives me the creeps." She 
cringed as she heard the head enter the bag with a wet 
splash. "So Tenchi, what should we do now?" she asked 
while hanging off of his shoulders.

	"I have an idea." He said dreamily.

	"Yes?" Ryoko said in her most sultry voice.

	"I must go to Jurai and seek council with the 
emperor."

	"Oh, all right." She said, sounding rather 
disappointed. Tenchi then smiled.

	"Get over here." He said while laughing. He grabbed 
Ryoko's arm and spun her over to himself. Wrapping his arms 
around her, he planted a deep kiss on her lips. "I'm not 
that dense." He whispered. 

	"Yosho had already gone to bed Tenchi." She whispered 
and began to lick his ear. 

	"Aren't you feisty, my little kitten." He said as he 
picked her up into his arms. He carried her over to the back 
of the ship and tapped his foot three times. The door 
appeared before them. Tenchi opened it and began to walk in.

	"Time to celebrate our victory." He said as they 
entered his room. He then placed her on his bed and removed 
her clothing slowly. Ryoko gasped as her breasts bounced 
free. Tenchi devoured one as he massaged the other. Ryoko 
was already moaning as Tenchi kissed his way down her 
stomach. He stopped a second to jut his tongue into her 
navel before continuing down her body. She couldn't stand 
it. She bent forward and ripped Tenchi's shirt off of his 
back with lustful ferocity. 

	Tenchi was now nestled between Ryoko's legs and was 
going for broke. His tongue flew in and out of her quickly. 
His hands now grabbed her ass and pulled her closer against 
his exploring tongue. Ryoko's moaning grew louder as she 
waves of ecstasy flowed through her. She clamped her legs 
together, trapping Tenchi between them. He continued to 
pleasure Ryoko further. His face suddenly became saturated 
with her juices. Lapping it up, Tenchi reached up and began 
massaging one of Ryoko's breasts. This caused her to cum 
even more. The room was enveloped in the scent of sex. 

	"Oh my god! That was unbelievable!" Ryoko gasped. 
Felling lightheaded, she pulled Tenchi up and kissed him. 
The combined taste of Tenchi and her own female juices drove 
her mad. Tenchi could not hold on any longer. He flung Ryoko 
back onto the bed and buried his cock deep within her. Again 
they entangled their arms and kissed as Tenchi pumped hard 
into Ryoko's eager pussy. After what seemed like an eternity 
Tenchi spewed his very being into her. She came yet again 
hugged him tightly. As their orgasms subsided, they drifted 
off into a deep sleep, still in each other's arms.

	"Where am I?" Tenchi wondered aloud.

	"You are under Ryu-Oh." A voice appeared behind him. 
As he turned to see what it was he came face to face with 
Ayeka. 

	"How is that possible? I am supposed to be on Ryo-
Ohki."

	"You are dreaming, Tenchi. Actually, it's more like 
channeling. I am speaking to you from the great beyond. I 
just wanted to say thank you for avenging my death. Also, 
thank Ryoko for me. She helped greatly. Also, don't worry. I 
have accepted the fact of you two being together and you 
have my blessings. Oh, if you knew what the future had in 
store for you two." She said, smiling. After a small sigh, 
she kissed Tenchi on the cheek and turned to leave.

	"Ayeka." Tenchi said softly. "Will I ever be 
contacted by you again?"

	"Only when you truly want to be." She said dreamily. 
"Only then will I appear, and only then shall you be able 
to see me. Farewell for now." 

	"Until next time, Ayeka." Tenchi whispered. With 
those words, she disappeared. Alone, Tenchi sat under Ryu-Oh 
and closed his eyes.

	He awoke to a strange sensation. Still sleepy, he 
opened his eyes. All he could see was cyan hair bobbing in 
front of him. Just then, he exploded into Ryoko's mouth.

	"Good morning." She said as she gulped down her 
treat. 

	"I'll say." Tenchi agreed, still a little out of 
breath. "I could get used to that."

	"I hope so." She replied happily. She then crawled up 
and rested her head on Tenchi's chest. "It looked like you 
where having a nightmare."

	"Far from it." He said dreamily. With this, he began 
to suckle on her breasts.

	"What ever dream you had, I hope you have it more 
often." She gasped at his sudden brazen behavior. A soft 
moan escaped her lips. As Tenchi sucked on her breasts, he 
snaked one hand down to her crotch. He then inserted one 
finger, and then two into Ryoko's rapidly moistening cunt. 
Sweat began to show all over her body. Just as she began to 
convulse in another orgasm, Tenchi's door slowly opened. In 
walked Yosho calmly. He tapped Tenchi on the shoulder, 
scaring him half to death. 

	"We are almost at Jurai. You should get dressed." He 
said, completely ignoring what his grandson was doing. He 
then looked past Tenchi. "Good morning Ryoko." He chirped.

	"Uh. good morning." She said, still red from 
embarrassment. Then, just as suddenly as he entered, Yosho 
left the room.

	"That was weird." Ryoko said confusedly. 

	As the two walked out of Tenchi's room, they saw Yosho 
staring out a window and the rapidly enlarging planet before 
him. They both knew it was Jurai. Tenchi hastily tidied 
himself up for his council with the emperor as Ryoko got 
dressed. After the three where ready and waiting, Tenchi got 
a worried look on his face.

	"Ryoko, where's the bag with Nagi's head in it?" he 
said quickly.

	"I'll get it. I kept it in the refrigerator so it 
wouldn't start to stink." She explained. "I kept it in the 
vegetable crisper because no one ever opens it."

	"Smart girl. Could you go get it? I need it for my 
plans."

	"It's your plan, you get it. That thing gives me the 
creeps." She cringed by just thinking about it.

	"Alright, I'll get it." He walked over to the fridge 
and retrieved the bag. Looking out the window, he saw Jurai 
get bigger and bigger. He took a deep breath and prepared 
for what was going to happen.

	"We are almost there." Yosho said quietly.

	"Ryoko, you are still considered wanted right?" 
Tenchi said. Ryoko could hear the concern in his words.

	"Yes, I am." She said in a far away voice. 

	"Then you should phase out and follow us. Try not to 
let yourself be detected." He explained.

	"That would be for the best." Yosho added. 

	"Good idea. I'll do that. I just hope you don't do 
anything too stupid. I don't want to have to fight so soon 
after our last battle."

	Together, they stood in silence as Ryo-Ohki entered the 
atmosphere of Jurai. When they landed, they where confronted 
by Jurai's elite guard. They forgot about the fact that they 
where in Ryo-Ohki. To ice things over, Yosho was the first 
to step out. Upon seeing him, the entire armada bent down on 
one knee. The leader then got up and confronted him.

	"Forgive us for we did not know you now commanded this 
ship, lord Yosho. My most humble apologies." He bowed 
before Yosho and prepared for the imminent scolding that was 
to follow. When none came, he opened his eyes and looked at 
Yosho, who was now smiling.

	"It is good to be back home." He said dreamily. 
"Very good indeed."

	"We where told that one Tenchi Masaki was with you. Is 
this correct?"

	"Tenchi! Get over here!" he commanded. Tenchi 
appeared at Yosho's side.

	"Yes grandfather?" he said nervously. The army looked 
at Yosho. He could see their confusion in their eyes. 

	"I shall explain." He said slowly. After several 
hours, he had gone over the events in his life. He went from 
the time he escaped to be with Haruna, all the way to before 
they left to avenge Ayeka's death. He made sure to leave out 
Ryoko for obvious reasons. After he concluded his story, the 
commander looked into Yosho's eyes and nodded. 

	"I shall go on ahead and fill in the emperor about 
these events. You two shall follow me when I return." He 
then hopped into a ship and sped off. While they waited, 
Yosho began asking questions about the past many years he 
missed while on earth. Tenchi sat down and closed his eyes.

Are you here, Ryoko?
Yes.
Get ready. When I say so, you let your presence known. 
Remember, only when I say so.
Got it.

	Tenchi then sat up as a ship approached. It was the 
commander. All three of them entered the ship, Ryoko was 
still phased out, and it departed for the palace. When they 
arrived, guards checked them for weapons. He assured them it 
was a routine to do so, no matter who you are. Satisfied 
that they where unarmed, he opened the doors to the throne 
room. Sitting on his throne, the emperor smiled.

	"I had been some time, hasn't it Yosho?" he said in a 
booming voice.

	"Indeed it had." He returned. "This is my grandson, 
Tenchi."

	"Hello." He said nervously. 

	"Anyhow," the emperor began, "I have heard about 
your adventure. I am deeply touched that two people would 
risk their lives just to avenge my daughter's death. How may 
I repay you? I will do anything. Just name it."

	"I had already decided. Come out Ryoko." Tenchi said. 
As he did, Ryoko appeared beside him, holding the bag. The 
guards immediately took aim at the space pirate and awaited 
orders to fire.

	"What is this?" the emperor said furiously.

	"I can explain. Ryoko has a gift for you. It is the 
head of Ayeka's murderer, Nagi." He looked over at Ryoko 
and nodded. She then removed the head from the bag by the 
hair and held it. Shocked, the emperor just looked at 
Tenchi.

	"Ryoko was the one who trained me to battle, along 
with Yosho. She prepared me to do battle with Nagi. She also 
helped me destroy her. She has looked after me and loved me 
for years."

	"Is this true?" The emperor asked, looking at Ryoko. 

	"Yes," she said while on one knee. "I have helped 
train Tenchi. I am deeply sorry for Ayeka's death and I felt 
I should help. I am sorry for my past and I await your 
judgement."

	Shocked at the turn of events, the emperor stared at 
Ryoko.

	"My wish." Tenchi said. "I wish for all charges on 
Ryoko to be dropped. I want her to be a normal citizen."

	"It will be done. Thank you all."

Epilogue: One Year Later

	Outside the Masaki residence, all are gathered around a 
picnic area. Sasami is playing with Ryo-Ohki and her child 
Sas-Ohki. Ryoko bent down and picked Ryo-Ohki up and held 
her up to her face.

	"You just had to run off with Ken-Ohki during the 
fight, didn't you?" she scolded her. Her only answer was a 
sad "Miya". Grinning, she put the cabbit down and headed 
over to Tenchi and Yosho. She wrapped her arms around Tenchi 
and gave him a big hug. 

	"You are in an exceptionally good mood this morning 
Ryoko." He said while giving her a quick kiss.

	"I have a reason," she began, holding her stomach, 
"Tenchi. daddy." Tenchi just stood there smiling. He 
embraced Ryoko as a single tear of happiness fell from his 
chin.
