Vengeance

Part Four:
The Search for Justice

So I'm finally ready. The new power I have discovered is 
unbelievable. I know how I got them, but I don't know how I 
have the knowledge to use them. It is like instinct to me. I 
sure hope we find Nagi. I know we will. We must. For Ayeka.

	"Time to get up Tenchi." Ryoko's voice penetrated his 
dreams. He opened his eyes just in time to see Ryoko before 
she phased into her usual clothes. "You have to see your 
true power before we leave to find that bitch Nagi. Let's 
get started."

	"What about breakfast?" Tenchi asked, still half 
asleep. 

	"Forget breakfast, we have to perfect ourselves. First 
of all, you and I must tell everyone about our little trip. 
They will notice your absence you know. Let's go." She said 
as she turned to leave.

	"I'm right behind you." Tenchi said as he floated out 
of bed. A quick phase later and he too was clothed. They 
walked downstairs and towards the table where everyone was 
eating breakfast. Seeing the serious look on Tenchi and 
Ryoko's faces, Katsuhito spoke up.

	"Something is troubling you two. I have a feeling a 
large change is up ahead. Sit down and tell us about it." 
He spoke in his usual, calm voice. As the two sat, Sasami 
poured them some tea. After taking a short sip, Tenchi and 
Ryoko looked at each other and sighed. 

	"Ryoko and I are leaving to find Nagi. After finding 
her, we will avenge Ayeka's death. I have come upon a new 
level of power. I have combined the powers Ryoko bestowed 
upon me with the power of Jurai. With this power, I hope to 
destroy Nagi. We must perfect my skills, however. That is 
why I can't stay any longer." With Tenchi's conclusion, 
Nobuyuki walked up to Tenchi and patted him on the back.

	"Good luck, my son. I hope I am to see you again. 
Please come home when you have done what you have to do." 
His voice started to quiver. "Also, please don't die on me. 
Please come home alive."

	"I will do my best father." He spoke softly. His eyes 
then fixed on Katsuhito. "And I expect a duel when I 
return, grandfather. I want to finally beat you." He spoke 
with a grin.

	"Powers or not, I will be victorious. Be careful young 
one."

	"I will. I will also keep in touch. Kiyone and Mihoshi 
will be our contacts. They will relay any massage they get 
from us straight to you. We must go now." As they left, 
Tenchi could hear a sniffle from Nobuyuki. He forced himself 
now to look back.

	In the training dimension, Tenchi stood in a spotlight. 
He held his shield in one hand and an energy sword in the 
other. Ryoko and Washu stood far away and observed through a 
monitor. 

	"Can you hear me Tenchi?" Washu's voice appeared over 
a loudspeaker.

	"Loud and clear little Washu. What do you have in 
store for me?"

	"I have created three monsters with power and speed 
thirty times greater that of Katsuhito. At any time you feel 
you cannot handle it, just say so. I will destroy them with 
a flick of my wrists. I have a detonation command on my 
computer. Are you ready?" she asked.

	"Of course." He replied confidently. A low rumble 
could be felt as the three monsters charged towards Tenchi. 
"Time for some fun" he spoke with unfaltering confidence. 
Seeing that the creatures resembled that of a Tyrannosaurus 
Rex, Tenchi formed his healing ball. As he stepped inside, 
the warmth soothed him. "There is no way a normal blow will 
destroy my orb."

	Just then, one monster opened his mouth and shot a 
large blast towards him. Thinking fast, he dove out of the 
way just as the bubble was decimated. Regaining his senses, 
he reformed his shield and lunged after one monster, his 
eyes burning a bright gold. He landed on the monster's neck 
and shot a blast down on it. The monster was caught off 
guard and staggered. Tenchi slipped off of the creature and 
fell to the ground. As he did, He was met with two energy 
blasts. He blocked both with his shield, but was knocked 
over in the process.

	A tail was brought down in Tenchi's direction but his 
instinct made him pull his healing orb into action. The tail 
cracked up against it and knocked Tenchi to his knees. The 
orb held as he jumped onto one monster's back. He then bent 
down and hugged the monster tightly. Washu was monitoring it 
all from her computer. She gasped as she realized what 
Tenchi was doing.

	"I can't believe it. He is actually making the 
monster's cells highly unstable. It is like a walking 
bomb!" she screamed in disbelief. Tenchi was content with 
his work as he leapt off its back. Floating there, he 
chuckled as he formed an energy projectile. In a flash, the 
creature was no more that a dark spot on the floor. His 
celebration would have to wait, however. Quickly he turned 
toward another of the monsters and formed his shield just in 
time to absorb a blast that was hurled towards him. 

	"That should be more than enough power." He said 
while aiming his shield in his attacker's direction. A 
purple beam tore through its flesh and seared it shut in a 
blink of an eye. The third creature charged at him faster 
that any other had done. Tenchi, feeling bold, charged after 
it. When it seemed they would collide, Tenchi phased out and 
passed into it. The abomination stood there in obvious pain. 
Light began to shoot out of it before it exploded into 
greasy chunks. There, in the center of it all, was Tenchi. 
He held his sword before him and was breathing heavily.

	"Oh my. That was incredible." Washu said in 
disbelief.

	"That's my Tenchi for you." Ryoko sighed. They 
watched the monitor as Tenchi extinguished his sword and 
walked over to the two of them. As he approaches, Ryoko 
gives him a hug.

	"That was fun." Tenchi said contentedly. 

	"You where great." Ryoko complimented. After a brief 
kiss, Tenchi looked over to Washu. She just stared at him.

	"What is the matter?" He asked curiously.

	"How can this be possible? Your body shouldn't be able 
to handle such energy. Also, your neuro-kinetics are way 
above the base line for any humanoid, Juraian or not."

	"I can't explain it, but I like it a lot. With this, 
we will be able to finally be able to avenge Ayeka." Tenchi 
said seriously. At that, they all left the dimension. As 
they stepped out the entire group greeted them. 

	"Tenchi, Ryoko, today we will have a feast in your 
honor." Nobuyuki said proudly. 

	"And after that, I must duel you Tenchi." Katsuhito 
reminded him. "Don't underestimate me, however, for I will 
not hold back this time." Washu and Ryoko just smiled at 
the old man's silly boasts. 

	"Whatever you say grandpa. I hope I don't hurt you." 
Tenchi laughed as he spoke. With an icy stare, Katsuhito 
silenced him. All of them entered the house and sat down at 
a much larger table. On the table was every food you could 
imagine. After many prayers, the group started in on the 
meal. Many jokes and remarks where shared and no one even 
mentioned the impending departure. Sasami finished eating 
early so she could play with Ryo-Ohki one more time before 
she left on the journey. Tenchi and Katsuhito finished last 
and left for the shrine. All of the others followed in 
anticipation. Nobuyuki, like always, had his camcorder in 
hand.

	"Are you ready Tenchi?" Katsuhito asked sternly.

	"Of course grandfather." He replied calmly. Katsuhito 
stood there for a moment, grabbed his bokken, and stared at 
Tenchi. All of the sudden, his wrinkles faded and his face 
grew young. He looked just slightly older that Tenchi. 
Everyone was taken aback by this. Kiyone stood in disbelief. 

	"Yosho! You are Katsuhito? The Juraian royal family 
had all but given up on ever finding you. I can't believe 
this." She spoke in pure shock.

	"Yes, it is true. I am Yosho. I'm deeply sorry for 
keeping you all in the dark. It was wrong. It is also too 
late to worry about it. Tenchi! Are you ready to see my true 
power?"

	"It will be an honor." Tenchi spoke with unblinking 
eyes. He quickly shot an energy blast to the left of Yosho. 
As he dove to the right to escape the explosion, he found 
himself bokken to bokken with the advancing pupil. 

	"Silly tricks will not win you this match Tenchi. I am 
just warming up." Yosho spoke with his usual calm voice. 
Forcing Tenchi back, he launched himself into a barrage of 
stabs, swipes, and parries. Tenchi phased out just in time 
to avoid the attacks. As he passed through Yosho, he turned 
to attack. As he swung his weapon sideways to come across 
his grandfather's waist, Yosho brought his bokken over his 
head and down his back, blocking Tenchi's attack. One quick 
cut later, Yosho disarmed Tenchi.

	"Damn!" he cursed as his bokken flew through the air. 
Yosho walked over to his obviously defeated foe. As he did, 
Tenchi jumped high over him. As he flew backwards he 
launched an energy projectile just in front of his lost 
weapon. The blast created by this flung the bokken into the 
air towards Tenchi. He grabbed it, landed and charged at 
Yosho. Just as he was about to engage in another fray, he 
disappeared. Yosho stood there waiting for his target to 
come into view. To his surprise, four Tenchis appeared, 
surrounding him. All four sliced downward, narrowly missing 
Yosho. He leapt up to dodge the attacks. As he did, the real 
Tenchi appeared above him and knocked Yosho out of the sky.

	"Yes! I finally got you grandfather!" Tenchi spoke 
excitedly as he floated back down to the ground. 

	"Indeed you did. I haven't had a fight worthy of my 
sweat in so long. It was fun." Yosho said as he rubbed his 
head. 

	"You are a superb warrior Katsuhito, or do you prefer 
Yosho?" Tenchi spoke as he offered a hand to his 
grandfather. "I would be honored if you where to come with 
us to smote Nagi." Yosho looked over at Ryoko.

	"Wouldn't I be intruding?" he asked. Tenchi followed 
his gaze.

	"Not at all. It's not like the two of us will be 
consummating our love while in hot pursuit or anything." 
Tenchi laughed.

	"And the shrine. Who will take care of it?" Yosho 
continued.

	"I could always make a clone of you." Washu said. 
"It would not be difficult. Give me five minutes and some 
blood."

	"Then it's settled. I shall accompany you on your 
mission." Yosho declared. "By the way, I should probably 
be called Yosho. Nagi will be reluctant to attack another 
Juraian royal body. It could be used as an advantage."

	"Now that we are on the topic of blood, I used some of 
Ryoko and Tenchi's blood and made Med-Kits for them. Just 
strap these on yourselves and when you sustain massive 
damage, it activates. It fully restores health and condition 
once then it is destroyed. Do you like it?" Washu spoke 
quickly as she attached them to Ryoko and Tenchi.

	"Thank you." They both spoke at once. 

	"Shall we?" Ryoko said as she called forth Ryo-Ohki. 
Tenchi and Ryoko both took one of Yosho's arms and entered 
the ship. Ryoko took command and ordered Ryo-Ohki to set out 
for the closest star system. With a loud "Miya!" they left 
the backwater planet behind and set forth on a great 
adventure.

	"This brings back memories." Yosho sighed as he 
looked at one of screens that displayed the space outside of 
Ryo-Ohki. 

	"We are going to the star system Omega 5. It is the 
last civilized star system on the outer rim. Maybe we can 
get a few leads on Nagi's whereabouts." Ryoko said in a 
stern yet hopeful voice.

	"This is going to be one hell of a journey. I sure 
hope we find Nagi quickly. I have some plans for afterwards. 
I hope they work out." Tenchi said wishfully. 

	"Well, I told Ryo-Ohki to warn us when we enter the 
star system. This way we can all get some rest before we get 
there." Ryoko stated as she unfolded three futons. "We 
should have about three hours."

	"Alright. I am so tired." Tenchi said as he 
stretched. 

	"Yes. We must get our rest. Energy is just as 
important as strength while in battle." Yosho declared as 
he climbed into the futon closest to the screen showing the 
outside. Tenchi took the middle futon and Ryoko claimed the 
last one. Ryo-Ohki's lights dimmed and the starlight shone 
through several windows at the top of the ship. Looking over 
at Yosho, Tenchi saw that he was on his side looking at the 
stars. Tenchi then looked at Ryoko. She seemed to be lonely 
despite the two warriors that where with her. She was curled 
into a ball and had her head bent down. Her hair was the 
last thing he saw before succumbing to sleep.

	"Lord Tenchi. Look at me." A voice called from behind 
Tenchi. He rolled over and sat up. After rubbing his eyes, 
he saw who had awakened him. Ayeka stood before him.

	"Ayeka? How?" Tenchi wondered aloud.

	"Tenchi." She whispered. Slowly she began to drift 
backwards. Suddenly, Nagi appeared behind her.

	"Ayeka look out!" he warned her. She continued to 
drift back as if not hearing him.

	"Tenchi." she said once more. Nagi was directly 
behind her now. Without making a noise, she wrapped her arms 
around Ayeka and they both disappeared.

	"NO!" Tenchi screamed as he sat up. Sweat rolled down 
his face as he sat there in the darkness. "It was all a 
dream. No. a nightmare." He whispered to himself. After 
calming down, he looked over at Ryoko. Her loneliness was 
still apparent as she slept on her side. Her back was 
towards Tenchi. Slowly, he got up and walked over to her. He 
climbed into her futon settled in behind her. When he draped 
one arm over Ryoko's waist her eyes fluttered open.

	"Tenchi?" she asked quietly.

	"Yes. Sorry to have woke you my Ryoko. I just couldn't 
stand to be alone anymore. Do you mind if I slept with you 
tonight?" he whispered into her ear.

	

"Not at all." She replied, grabbing his hand with 
hers. Together, they drifted off to sleep. They woke up to a 
buzzer going off. Tenchi was first to rise. He ran over to a 
flashing monitor and read the message that was displayed on 
it. It read, "Waypoint met. Entering specified star 
system."

	"It looks like we're here." Yosho declared. 

	"Alright. I know some people on the fifth planet. We 
should probably see if they know something about Nagi's 
location." Ryoko said confidently. "You two should stay on 
board while I check it out. I don't want them to think I'm 
joining forces with Jurai or anything."

	"Understood." Yosho said while patting Tenchi in the 
back.

	"I'll see you soon." Tenchi said softly. Before 
departing, Ryoko gave him a quick yet passionate kiss. After 
that, Tenchi created his healing orb and Ryoko entered. 
After the warmth subsided, she flew down into the planets 
atmosphere. After landing she stepped out of the bubble and 
clipped it with her energy sword, therefore extinguishing 
it. Ryoko looked around for a few minutes to pinpoint 
exactly where she was. After finding her senses, she headed 
in the direction of the settlement she was looking for. When 
she reached the town, she looked for the house her 
acquaintance dwelled in.

	After passing a few businesses, she came across her 
favorite restaurant. She stood in front of the building and 
took a deep breath. The familiar smells made her head spin.

	"This brings me back." She sighed dreamily while 
looking through the front window. To her surprise, the one 
she sought out for was seated in the restaurant. After 
opening the door, she proceeded towards the tall male. The 
man saw Ryoko coming and pulled a seat out for her.

	"I knew you where coming Ryoko," he spoke softly. 
"And I know what you want."

	"That is no surprise, wise seer. I have not seen you 
in ages." Ryoko spoke as she ate the food the man had 
already ordered for her. Her eyes rolled back in her head, 
as she tasted pure euphoria.

	"You seek the one called Nagi, do you not? I am sorry 
but no one can locate a target with such a chaotic path. I 
do see, however, that your paths will indeed cross. I bid 
you farewell."


	
"Thank you." Ryoko bowed and turned to leave. She 
turned back around, grabbed the leftovers, and left the 
building. As she headed back to where she started, she felt 
a chill. She could feel someone watching her. As Ryoko spun 
around, she saw no one. Confused, she headed back to the 
starting point.

I'm back Tenchi. Come down and get me.

	Just a few seconds later; Tenchi landed, he scooped 
Ryoko up in his arms, and flew back to the ship in his 
little bubble.

	"Any luck?" he asked when they stepped out of the 
orb.

	"I'm afraid not. This is a disappointment. I wanted 
this to end quickly. I guess it will take a while." She 
said sadly.

	"I have a plan if you'd care to hear it." Yosho said 
quickly. "How about we get an updated Most Wanted list from 
Kiyone and Mihoshi, find the one with the highest price on 
his or her head, and find his current location. When we find 
him, Nagi should find him also. When she comes to collect 
her prize, We jump her."

	"That's a damn good plan." Ryoko spoke. "Let's do 
it."

	"I'll get the list." Tenchi said. He walked over to 
the controls and asked Ryo-Ohki to contact the two galaxy 
police officers. With an affirmative "Miya!" a screen 
popped up and Kiyone sat in front of it.

	"Tenchi! How are things going?" she asked excitedly.

	"Not to well. Kiyone, we need you to send us the most 
recent Most Wanted list in galaxy police record. Can you do 
that?"

	"No problem. Give me a second." After a few clicks of 
her keyboard the list was transferred to Ryo-Ohki's main 
computer. 

	"Thank you." Tenchi said and saluted. Kiyone returned 
the salute and the screen disappeared. Tenchi clicked a few 
buttons on the console and printed a wanted poster of the 
highest priced space pirate on the list, next to Ryoko of 
course. 

	"Let's go to the next planet. There are a lot of 
scumbags and cutthroats in the numerous bars on this planet. 
It is basically one giant super-city, "Ryoko said. Without 
any objection, Ryo-Ohki set off for the next planet. After 
landing, Ryoko gave out a copy of the wanted poster to 
Tenchi and Yosho. Each one went their separate ways and 
decided to meet back at the ship by sundown. 


	Tenchi entered the first bar he could find. The doorman 
was weary of Tenchi's age. Tenchi turned his eyes gold and 
growled at him. This quickly persuaded the doorman to let 
him pass. Once inside, he could not believe his eyes. It was 
bigger than his house! He showed the poster to one of the 
bartenders. After a brief conversation the bartender told 
him the man's usual hide out. Thanking him, Tenchi left.

Ryoko, I got it. I know where the man's hideout is located. 
Find Grandfather and meet me back at the ship.

	Tenchi then teleported back inside Ryo-Ohki and waited. 
After several minutes, Ryoko entered the ship. Yosho entered 
right behind her. 

	"He's usually at a bar called "Saki and Sucky". It's 
a sleaze bar on planet Gamma 2. Let's go." Tenchi 
announced. Ryoko just looked at him.

	"Do you have any idea how far that is? At top speeds 
it would still take us about one and a half months. We are 
in for one hell of a trip," she said grimly. 

	"Well, we might as well get comfortable, right 
Tenchi?" Yosho said calmly. Ryoko floated behind Tenchi and 
wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Slowly, she leaned 
forward and whispered in his ear.

	"I like that idea, don't you Tenchi? You're tense. I 
could help you relieve your pressure. What do you say?" As 
Tenchi heard this a drop of blood trickled down his face. He 
had not expected this response from Ryoko during such a 
serious time. Unable to think of anything to do, Tenchi just 
stood there. Ryoko then continued her assault on Tenchi's 
hormones. After a few minutes of this, Tenchi excused 
himself and walked over to his futon. As he reached the 
space it was in he didn't see it. Confused, he looked over 
at Yosho.

	"Oh yes. That reminds me. Last night when I woke up 
and saw you two in the same bed, I decided to contact Washu. 
She sent me some portable bedrooms. Just tap your foot three 
times where your bed was." Yosho commanded. As Tenchi did, 
a door popped up from the floor.

	"Nice. I'm gonna check it out." He said as he entered 
the doorway. Ryoko floated over to where Tenchi was just 
standing and looked at Yosho innocently. She tapped three 
times and the door appeared again.

	"I. uh, am gonna check it out too." She said quickly 
before walking through the door. Yosho just smiled and 
chuckled.

	"Young love." He said before sitting down at a screen 
that displayed the surrounding space before Ryo-Ohki. He sat 
down and meditated. 

	The months passed slowly due to lack of activity. Once 
they where at the outskirts of the star system they set out 
for, Ryoko and Tenchi looked at each other, then to Yosho.

	"There it is. The planet we have been looking for. We 
are finally here." Ryoko spoke.

	"Be prepared. We may meet Nagi here. All of your 
training has been for this one battle. Are you ready 
Tenchi?" Yosho asked intensely. 

	"Yes grandfather. I am ready. I shall not forget what 
you have taught me over many years of my life." He replied. 
Tenchi attached his Med-Kit and tossed Ryoko hers. After 
snapping it on, Ryoko turned towards the door.

	"Well, let's go." Ryoko said calmly. Ryo-Ohki set 
down near a settlement and changed into cabbit form. The 
group headed for the settlement, Ryo-Ohki hopping behind 
them. The buildings in this settlement where run down and 
dirty. Most buildings had immense vines growing up their 
walls. Stopping at a little house to ask for directions, an 
old lady answered the door and quickly slammed it shut when 
she saw the travelers. 

	"That was rude." Ryoko growled. Yosho stepped up to 
the door and rapped on it slightly. The same old lady 
answered. Just as she was about to slam the door again, 
Yosho spoke up.

	"We mean you no harm, we just need direction. Could 
you please help us out? We need to know how to get to the 
bar "Saki and Sucky" to meet up with someone. Can you help 
us?" he pleaded softly. Without saying a word, the old lady 
pointed in a direction and shut the door.

	After walking for a few hours, they came upon the bar. 
After trying repeatedly to get in, Tenchi decided to 
"persuade" the doorman a little. With a flash his sword 
was ignited and buried deep within the man's genitals. 
Quickly, they barged into the bar and started to scan the 
many faces. After a while, a fight broke out. Pushing 
through the crowd, Ryoko and Tenchi made their way to the 
front to see who was fighting. When they got a good view, 
Ryoko froze. The two who where fighting where none other 
that Nagi and the second most wanted criminal in the 
universe. As the two watched, Tenchi could see the rage 
build in Ryoko's eyes. After Nagi took the man's head, the 
crowd dispersed. All of them believed they had seen the end 
of the fight. Ryoko then flew at the bounty hunter with pure 
fury in her eyes.

	Ryoko tore after her, screaming. The bounty hunter 
froze in shock. "Nagi!"
