Vengeance

Part Two:
The Gift

What is this cold I feel? It chills to by bones. Somehow, I 
feel more powerful. Except for the cold, I feel great! Why 
am I so cold? Only time will tell. I must see Ryoko again. I 
must see my love.

	Tenchi awoke to the sound of birds outside his window. 
Slowly, he sat up and got out of his futon he slept on while 
Ryoko used his bed. Slowly, he opened his eyes and came face 
to face with Ryoko. More confused that he was scared, he 
decided to wake her. As he started to shake her, she let out 
a soft groan. Suddenly, her eyes shot open. Seeing who woke 
her, she settled down and relaxed. 

	"Good morning." She purred, draping one arm over 
Tenchi's waist.
	
"Good morning. I have to ask you something. What 
exactly did you do to me last night?" he asked. After a 
short hug, Ryoko stood up. She picked Tenchi up and cradled 
him in her arms.
	
"I'll show you." At that, they phased out over the 
lake. Slowly, Ryoko flew upwards about thirty feet. "See 
you later." She said as she let go of Tenchi.
	
"RYOKO!" he screamed as he plummeted towards the 
surface of the lake. All of the sudden, he stopped. He was 
hanging just a few inches above the lake. "I knew you 
wouldn't let me fall." He said as he looked up. Much to his 
surprise, Ryoko had not caught him. 

	"I'm over here!" Ryoko chimed. There she stood. She 
was at the lakeside, waving. Out of pure shock, Tenchi 
plunged into the water. As he made his way to shore, Ryoko 
started laughing. 

	"What stopped me from falling?" Tenchi asked, 
dumbfounded. 

	"You did, baka. Impressed? You can now do everything I 
can do. You like it?" she started to smile. So did Tenchi. 
Almost instinctively, he floated out of the water and met up 
along side of Ryoko. 

	"I can do everything you can?" he asked. All Ryoko 
did was smile and nod. "Show me."

	Tenchi and Ryoko started walking towards the shrine, 
talking as they went. Tenchi still couldn't fathom the fact 
that he was now so powerful. Finally, they arrived at the 
shrine. Ryoko directed Tenchi to stand where he and 
Katsuhito practice. As he did, Ryoko phased behind him. 
There, she whispered into his ear.

	"Well, it seems you already got the flying down. In 
that case, let's work on phasing. First, clear your head. 
Okay, now relax. Take a deep breath and close your eyes. Now 
slowly let out your breath. Perfect, open your eyes 
Tenchi." As he did, he felt a wave of cold hit him. "Now 
fly down."

	"I can't. I am standing on the ground." He replied.

	"Just do it!" Ryoko commanded. As he tried, he sank 
into the ground. Amaze by his new feat, he rushed over to 
Ryoko and gave her a big hug. 

	"Unbelievable! I can actually do it!" he gasped.

	"Now for teleporting." She stated. "First, phase 
out. Alright, now concentrate on a place you've been to 
before." As Tenchi concentrated, he disappeared. Just when 
Ryoko was about to go find him, she was grabbed from behind. 
As she turned around, she surprisingly locked lips with 
Tenchi. Slowly, she melted into his arms. The embrace, 
however, was far too brief. Tenchi looked at her with 
excited eyes.

	"How about energy projectiles?" he asked.

	"No problem. Let's test you out on that boulder over 
there. First, concentrate on your hand you wish to use. 
Then, just tighten the muscles in that hand, but don't close 
it. If you do, you'll hurt your hand. The projectile will 
materialize in it." With a gulp, Tenchi formed an energy 
ball in his right hand. "Good, now just concentrate on 
making it fly out of your hand, much like how you fly by 
yourself."

	Tenchi held out his hand and, within a second the 
boulder was destroyed. All Tenchi could do was stare at the 
few pebbles that remained. 
	
"Che, that was amazing!" He gasped.

	"Now, for the energy sword." Ryoko said. "This is 
the easiest to master. Simply form another energy ball. 
Right, now move both your hands towards it at the same 
speed. There you have it." Tenchi just stood there, looking 
at his new weapon. Suddenly, he dove at a tree and sliced it 
in half. "I see you got the hang of it. Now, to extinguish 
it, just relax your hand you created it with."

	"I love it!" Tenchi exclaimed. "Let's go fly around, 
shall we?"

	"Let's." Ryoko answered. Tenchi lead the way, and she 
followed close behind. After a few hours, Tenchi stopped 
above their house. 

	"I need to show you something." He said, suddenly 
serious. As he took Ryoko's hand he teleported away. When 
they appeared, Ryoko looked around curiously. They stood in 
a clearing, surrounded by trees. The sun shone into the 
clearing, illuminating everything. Just as they settled to 
the ground, a group of butterflies took to the sky. "This 
is where my dad used to go with mom. This was the only place 
they could go to get away from the troubles of life. I love 
it here."

	"It's beautiful. It's hard to believe that there is a 
civilization so primitive that can enjoy such beauty." She 
started to wander around the clearing, breathing in the 
fresh air. "Why did you take me to this place anyway?" she 
asked curiously.

	As she turned to face Tenchi, she saw that he was not 
there. She then felt something. She felt Tenchi's presence 
behind her. As she spun to catch him, she saw nothing. 
"What? I knew I felt his presence. Hmm. I know." She said 
slyly. She closed her eyes and concentrated. She could now 
see what Tenchi saw. He was, in fact, right in front of her. 
"I can see you Tenchi. I see what you see."

	Then, right in front of her, Tenchi phased in. He had a 
confused look upon his face.

	"How did you do that?" he asked.

	"First, close your eyes. Next, center your 
concentration on me. Now just clear your mind. You should 
see what I see. Do you?"

	"Ryoko," He said.

	"Yes?"

	"Why are you looking at my butt?" he questioned her.

	"Hey, I have feeling too you know. I can't help it. 
Not to mention, you have a nice ass!" she shouted. "Oh, 
one more thing. You and I can talk telepathically now. Care 
to try?"

	"Of course!" Tenchi exclaimed.

	"All you have to do is relax and be willing to let me 
listen. Now just speak using internal monologue." She 
explained.


Like This?
Exactly like that. You are a quick learner Tenchi.
	Thank you. I try my best.
	There is one downside to using this ability Tenchi. You 
must relax. That means you can't use projectiles or the 
energy sword while speaking telepathically.
	In that case, I won't use this while in battle.

	"That sure was interesting." Tenchi said, laughing a 
little.
	"You'll get the hang of it soon." Replied Ryoko.

	Then, all of the sudden, Tenchi grabbed Ryoko by the 
waist and pulled her close. Slowly, he leaned forward and 
kissed her deeply. Ryoko's tongue darted into Tenchi's 
mouth. Tenchi returned the favor in an instant. Their 
tongues where entwined, as if part of an intricate ballet. 
Their hand explored each other as they shared their sweet 
embrace. Then, Tenchi's tongue came into contact with one of 
Ryoko's fangs. Sensing that this bothered Tenchi, she broke 
their hold. 

	"What's the matter Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, sounding 
disappointed.
	
	"I'm sorry, my fangs bother you, don't they?" she 
asked. Tenchi saw a hurt expression on her face.

	"It's not that. It's just that it is new to me. I will 
get used to it." At this, he gave her one more, short kiss.

	"I have to ask you something, Tenchi. What made you 
kiss me so freely? I thought you where shy about girls." 
Ryoko asked.

	"You forgot to tell me about the emotional link we 
developed. I knew how you felt. I can't be shy if I'm sure 
someone loves me, now can I?"

	"Oh yeah! I forgot about that. Well, I like the new 
you." She said in a sultry voice.

	"I'm starting to like it as well. Well, I must head 
back now. I forgot I promised Katsuhito I'd practice with 
him today." Tenchi started to turn around to leave. 
Suddenly he stopped.

Oh yeah. I forgot I can teleport now. I can't wait to show 
him my new abilities. I may actually hit him today. Well, so 
long for now. I'll see you soon Ryoko, my love.

	As Tenchi disappeared, Ryoko let out a small gasp. She 
could not believe it. He called her his love! After standing 
there for a few minutes, she decided to sit down for a 
while. His love. she thought. She lay back and started to 
giggle. She couldn't contain her happiness any longer. She 
hugged herself as she teleported to the shrine. When she saw 
where Tenchi and Katsuhito where beginning to train, she 
phased out as to not disturb them. She also made sure not to 
be close enough as to let herself be sensed by Tenchi. 

	The battle started unexpectedly when Katsuhito tossed 
Tenchi a bokken. As Tenchi grabbed it, Katsuhito charged 
him. Quick thinking enabled him to dodge the attack and 
counter with a downward slice. Katsuhito easily avoided the 
attack. He dove at Tenchi and swung his bokken faster that 
anyone could have seen. Much to his surprise, it missed 
Tenchi. Ryoko knew he had just phased out for a split 
second. Tenchi figured it was time to let his powers be 
known. Just as Katsuhito tried to follow up his attack, 
Tenchi disappeared. Dumbfounded, Katsuhito just stood there. 
Suddenly he felt a tap on his shoulder. Quickly, he swung 
his bokken low to trip Tenchi. Again his attack was avoided. 
Also he couldn't see Tenchi. Not until he looked up, that 
is. There floated Tenchi upside down. Laughing at 
Katsuhito's obvious confusion, he floated to earth. 

	"How on earth did you do that?" Katsuhito asked. 

	"That's nothing. I can do much more. Just give me a 
second." Then, Tenchi closed his eyes, stood there a few 
moments, re-opened his eyes and smiled. "Ryoko! I didn't 
know you were here. Come on out."

	Ryoko suddenly appeared just in front of Katsuhito. He 
took a step back in surprise. Curiously, he looked at 
Tenchi, over to Ryoko, then back at Tenchi.

	"How did you know she was there? Explain yourself!" 
Katsuhito boomed. His voice carried with it a sense of 
frustration.

	"Well you see, I now have all of Ryoko's powers. 
Everything she can do, now so can I." 

	"Show me more. I must see all of your new moves." 

	Tenchi was shocked. He had actually been able to amaze 
Katsuhito! He looked to Ryoko and smiled.

	"Care to lead?" he asked

	"Of course I'll lead. Just try to keep up." She 
replied with a smirk.

	Katsuhito watched as Ryoko flew up into the sky. Close 
behind her was Tenchi. They flew alongside each other for a 
brief moment, then landed next to Katsuhito. 

	"Good, now for a little demonstration on how to use 
your sword." She stated. At this Tenchi formed an energy 
ball and squeezed it into a sword. Katsuhito stood in 
amazement as Tenchi swung at a boulder, slicing it clean in 
two.

	"Good, time for our last show tonight." She turned to 
face Katsuhito. "Ask Tenchi a question and he'll ask me 
telepathically. I then shall answer it."

	Katsuhito approached Tenchi and whispered in his ear. 
Tenchi began to blush and turned and screamed at his 
grandfather.

	"Grandfather!" he scolded. Looking at him, he decided 
to try. He relaxed, closed his eyes, and asked. Ryoko's eyes 
grew wide and an angry look struck her face.

	"Of course they're real you little hentai pervert!" 
Ryoko growled. After seeing Katsuhito laughing and Tenchi 
bracing for a fight, Ryoko couldn't help herself. She dove 
at Katsuhito and grabbed him from behind. Lifting him into 
the air, she disappeared. Moments later, she came back into 
view. 

	"Where did you take grandpa?" Tenchi asked.

	"He needed to cool off, so I tossed him into the 
lake." She laughed loudly.

	"You what? Now he'll be really angry." He warned 
Ryoko.

	"So what, he. cool off!" she couldn't stand it 
anymore. She rolled around, laughing hysterically. After she 
calmed down she apologized and left to help Katsuhito. When 
she got to the lake, she saw him laughing softly. 

	"What's your deal? I thought you'd be angry." Ryoko 
questioned him.

	"You are the first in a long time to every cross me. I 
must commend your bravery."

	"Thank you. I think." Ryoko responded, a little 
confused. "I guess you'd like a lift back to the shrine, 
wouldn't you?" 

	Without a word, Katsuhito took Ryoko by the hand and 
nodded. In an instant, they where back at Tenchi's side. 
Walking over to Tenchi, Ryoko smiled. Next, she whispered in 
his ear.

	"I still have to teach you how to use your new powers 
to their full extent. Let's go back to the clearing. We can 
begin there."

	"Yes, but first. time for dinner." Tenchi announced 
happily.

	At the dinner table, everyone enjoyed his or her meals. 
Washu seemed to be examining everyone's faces. Satisfied 
that everyone enjoyed the meal, she stood up and began to 
speak.

	"How did you like my newest experiment?" she asked. 
The entire room fell silent. All eyes where on the empty 
plates before them. "No, not the food. It was the cook. 
Come on out Sasami!" she turned toward the door to her lab. 
Sure enough, out came Sasami. 

	"I hate to break your bubble, but Sasami isn't an 
experiment. She wasn't created or anything." Tenchi 
explained. Just then, a large ceramic cat landed on Tenchi's 
head.

	"Don't insult my intelligence. I know Sasami wasn't 
created. This Sasami, however, was. I had the little 
princess come over via my portal creator when she wasn't 
busy. Then I had everything about her scanned and downloaded 
into this robot. She is exactly like Sasami in every way, 
even memory. I am such a genius!"

	"So she made dinner then?" Ryoko asked.

	"That's right. And now she will be with us, even cook 
for us too!" 

	"That's right." Sasami chimed happily. 

	At the sound of Sasami's voice, Ryo-Ohki dashed down 
the stairs. When she reached Sasami, she jumped into her 
arms with a happy "Miya!"

	 "Ryo-Ohki!" Sasami giggled happily. They both went 
outside to play.
	"Thank you Washu." Tenchi said. Washu looked at him 
angrily. "Oops, I mean little Washu." He corrected.

	"Your welcome Tenchi." She said as she tapped her 
keyboard and the ceramic statue disappeared. Making sure not 
to say anything else that could result in falling objects, 
Tenchi made a hasty exit. Just as he left the kitchen, 
Nobuyuki returned home from work. Too tired to notice, 
Tenchi floated past his father and up the stairs. Nobuyuki 
froze in his steps. He turned around to confirm what he had 
seen but Tenchi was already upstairs. 

	Drearily, he opened the door to his room, entered, 
closed the door, and flopped onto his bed. He was just about 
to fall asleep when he felt a hand rest on his chest. Ryoko 
was already in Tenchi's bed! She rolled over and faced him. 
Tenchi could see that she was already asleep. As he tried to 
move Ryoko's arm her eyes sprang open. She was startled at 
first but she calmed down as soon as she saw Tenchi's face. 

	"Sumimasen." Tenchi whispered. "I did not mean to 
wake you."

	"It's all right Ten-suki, I would rather be awake when 
near you anyway." As she said that, she reached over and 
grabbed one of Tenchi's hands and gave it a squeeze. Tenchi 
then settled in next to her. He draped one arm over Ryoko's 
waist before noticing what the darkness had concealed. Ryoko 
was nude. Tenchi quickly sat up and was ready to get out of 
bed when, suddenly; Ryoko grabbed his left arm.

	"Please don't go. I promise I won't try anything, just 
stay here with me. I don't want to be alone. Not even for a 
second. I must be by your side." She desperately pleaded. 
Seeing Tenchi hesitate to leave motivated her even more. "I 
will even put on a night gown if you'd like." Quickly, she 
phased into a white gown and sat up. "There, now will you 
stay?" she asked.

	"Of course I will. I just didn't want to get too 
involved with you. Not yet at least. It's too soon. I just 
found out three days ago that Ayeka died." He explained. 
Content with his answer, Ryoko lay back down and made room 
for Tenchi. They both lay on their sides next to each other. 
Tenchi had one arm wrapped around Ryoko's waist. Ryoko was 
cuddling up close to Tenchi. As she did, her butt rubbed 
against Tenchi's crotch. Trying not to with all his might 
but failing, he got an erection. Ryoko rubbed against it 
some more before settling down. She just lay there. She 
struggled not to laugh and she felt what her action 
provoked. Now happy, she drifted off to sleep. Tenchi, on 
the other hand, had to leave to "take care of business".

	He quietly walked out of the room and headed to the 
bathroom. As he sat himself down no the toilet, he felt 
Ryoko's presence. Slowly, he closed his eyes. When he opened 
them, he saw whet Ryoko did. He was right. He found himself 
looking at himself through Ryoko's eyes. 

I don't think so Ryoko.
Damn! I forgot about our link for a second.
Now I'm glad I have it.
Oh well. I'll be in bed.
I'm right behind you.

	The next morning, Tenchi awoke to the sound of Sasami 
preparing breakfast. He looked down and saw a forest of cyan 
hair. He deeply breathed in the scent of Ryoko's hair and 
sighed. 

	"I could get used to waking up next to you." He said 
to himself.

	"I sure hope so." Ryoko responded.

	Tenchi had not expected an answer. He thought Ryoko was 
asleep. After a slight gasp, he regained his speech.

	"I thought you where asleep. What were you doing 
anyway?"

	"I was just listening to your heart beat. It relaxes 
me." Ryoko said as she sat up. Without even thinking about 
it, she leaned over and gave Tenchi a soft kiss. "Today is 
going to be a day of relaxation. Just you and me."

	"Why? What is so special about today?" Tenchi asked. 
Ryoko suddenly got a serious look on her face.

	"Not today, tomorrow. That is when we start to perfect 
your skills. We must be at the peak of our skills if we want 
to survive against Nagi. Today, we will conserve our 
strength. We will not worry about petty things like chores 
or time. We will live for the moment and just relax." She 
explained. Giving Tenchi another kiss, Ryoko stood up and 
phased into her normal clothes and looked at Tenchi.

	"I'm coming, just let me get dressed." He said.

	"You don't need to anymore, remember? You can just do 
as I do. Just concentrate on what you'd like to wear and 
phase out then back in."

	Tenchi then disappeared. When he reappeared, he was 
fully clothed. Obvious delight played across his face. 
Together, they walked downstairs and into the kitchen. 
There, Sasami finished placing breakfast on the table. Ryo-
Ohki was perched atop Sasami's head eating a carrot happily. 
Both Ryoko and Tenchi finished eating quickly and headed out 
of the house. 

	"Where to first?" Tenchi asked.

	"Let's just walk that way." Ryoko said, pointing in a 
random direction. As they started off, Nobuyuki watched from 
a window in the living room. Quickly, he retrieved his 
camcorder and shot the scene of Ryoko and Tenchi walking 
hand in hand into the sunrise. A tear of joy welled in his 
eyes.

	"My Tenchi is growing up so fast." He whispered. "I 
have to record his development in sex. I mean life. It is my 
responsibility as a father. I will start tomorrow." He said 
to himself.

	Tenchi and Ryoko found themselves entering the woods 
near the shrine. As they entered, Ryoko hugged herself 
closer to Tenchi. They both marveled at nature's beauty as 
they walked the well-beaten path. Seeing an overgrown and 
lightly traveled path branch off of the one they where on, 
Tenchi began feeling adventurous. As they walked through the 
brush, they came to a very small clearing. Beams of light 
shone through the canopy. Sitting in one beam of light was 
Katsuhito. He sat in deep meditation as Tenchi and Ryoko 
approached him.

	"Fancy meeting you two here." He said without even 
opening his eyes.

	"How did you know we where here?" they both asked at 
the same time.

	"I have my secrets." He slyly said, grinning. "You 
two have been seeing much of each other lately, haven't you? 
It's all right. I won't butt in. I am glad to see that you 
found someone you care about so deeply Tenchi. You have my 
blessings. Now, if you don't mind, I must continue my 
meditation."

	"I'll see you later grandfather." Tenchi said.

	After hours of walking, Tenchi had a great idea. 
Grabbing Ryoko's hand, he teleported to a familiar building. 
As they walked in, they where greeted by a kind old lady.

	"Tenchi! I didn't expect to see you any time soon." 
She greeted. 

	"I just came here to relax. I have a big day 
tomorrow." Tenchi leaded Ryoko to the Hot Springs and 
undressed. Sitting down slowly, they let the warmth take 
over and they just sat there. After a couple of hours, they 
bid farewell to the Hot Springs and Tenchi again took 
Ryoko's hand. He flew as fast as he could. He finally 
stopped at a beach. He had flown all the way to the edge of 
Japan. There he and Ryoko sat and watched the sun set before 
teleporting back home for dinner.

	While eating dinner, Tenchi noticed his dad was looking 
at him, over to Ryoko, and back to him. After a while, he 
stopped and just sighed, smiling. Dinner passed rather 
uneventfully, except for Ryo-Ohki hijacking the carrots. 
Tenchi led Ryoko upstairs and into his room. Nobuyuki, 
seeing this, almost spat his soup all over the table. 

	Almost routinely, they phased into sleeping clothes and 
climbed into bed. Tenchi noticed something different about 
Ryoko's clothes. Her gown was shorter than the previous 
night. He figured it was an innocent mistake and settled 
down. Ryoko began rubbing her leg up against Tenchi's. Not 
able to take it, Tenchi spun Ryoko around and kissed her 
deeply. Her reaction was one of delightful shock. After 
several minutes, Tenchi broke away.

	"I'm sorry, but I can't do this. Not now."

	"I understand." Ryoko sighed. Together, in a tight 
embrace, they drifted off to sleep. 
