Vengeance

Part three:
Power and Passion

Tomorrow is a big day. I start my training with Ryoko 
tomorrow. I must try my hardest to master my abilities. I 
must be able to fight Nagi with confidence. I must survive.

	Tenchi awoke to the sound of two familiar voices 
outside his room. After realizing he was alone in is bed, he 
knew one voice was that of Ryoko. As he moved closer to the 
door, he began to make out words.

	"Thank you Washu. I'm sure Tenchi will appreciate this 
also." Ryoko said.

	"Ahem. What did you call me?" Washu asked in an 
annoyed fashion.

	"Fine, fine. Thank you little Washu." She groaned as 
she spoke.

	"Your welcome. If you need anything else, though, I 
accept bribery. I even condone it." She laughed as she 
walked down the stairs. Ryoko turned toward the door and 
phased through it and Tenchi.

	"Rise and shine Tenchi. You need a big breakfast if 
you are going to train extra hard. Get-" she stopped as she 
saw the empty bed. "That's odd. I swear I can feel his 
presence." 

	Tenchi just tiptoed behind Ryoko and whispered in her 
ear.

	"Gotcha Ryoko." As she spun around, she pounced on 
him, knocking him to the floor. She had a knee on either 
side of Tenchi and her hands pinned his shoulders down.

	"You should be alert at all times," She said softly. 
"Even around allies. Let's call that "lesson one" shall 
we?" she giggled. Slowly, she bent down and gave Tenchi a 
short kiss. "Let's hurry up and eat. I got something you 
need to see."

	"Uh, dad?" he started. "Why aren't you going to work 
today?"

	"Well I figured I needed a personal day, that's all"

	Accepting his answer, Tenchi started back in on his 
meal. After thanking Sasami for another wonderful breakfast, 
Ryoko led Tenchi outside. After they made it out, Nobuyuki 
followed with his camcorder in hand. Ryoko led Tenchi to the 
front gate. She took five steps to the right and knocked on 
the wall five times. On the fifth knock, a door appeared. As 
they walked through it, it vanished. Nobuyuki, however, had 
seen this take place. He too knocked five times and passed 
through.

	On the other side, it was dark. Pure darkness spanned 
as far as the eyes could see. Tenchi was ordered by Ryoko to 
change into his battle outfit and stand before her. As he 
did, a spotlight shone down on them. Nobuyuki, of course, 
got this all on tape. 

	"Now create an energy sword." Ryoko ordered. As 
Tenchi created one, Nobuyuki froze. He couldn't believe his 
son could do this. Still he kept filming. His mouth fell 
wide open as Tenchi flew through the air, slicing at 
artificial enemies. Finally, he passed out when Tenchi shot 
a ball of energy at one enemy, evaporating it. 

	Both Tenchi and Ryoko looked at the direction Nobuyuki 
was at. Floating over, Tenchi saw his dad, camcorder in 
hand, passed out on the floor. It was then when Tenchi 
realized he hadn't told his father about the changes he'd 
undergone. Quickly, he revived his fallen parent. Holding 
him upright, he lightly tapped his face until he came to.

	"Hey dad. I guess I have some explaining to do huh?" 
he meekly said

	"Yeah, a lot of explaining. Let's start with your 
obvious secrets involving balls of energy and you forming 
Ryoko's sword with your own hands. Next, we can talk about 
this whole flying thing." He scolded Tenchi.

	After explaining the whole story about wanting to 
avenge Ayeka and getting Ryoko's powers, Tenchi braced for 
his fathers scolding words. None came, however. Nobuyuki 
just excused Tenchi and himself and found a nice private 
spot to talk.

	"So you got Ryoko's powers now?" he asked.

	"Yup, I can even phase and teleport." He explained. 
Just then, a smile grew on Nobuyuki's face.

	"These powers weren't sexually transmitted, where 
they?" he asked excitedly.

	"No, Of course not! I haven't made love to her yet." 
He cringed at his obvious wrong choice of words. A delighted 
look overcame Nobuyuki's face.

	"That's my boy! I knew you would finally sway over 
into the land of adulthood! I'm so happy! Soon Tenchi, you 
will be a man! Oh I wish your mom were here to see this. She 
would be so happy for you," he ranted. Tenchi could only 
stare. He was so embarrassed he turned red. Ryoko couldn't 
help but overhear. Slowly, she floated over to Tenchi. 
There, she began to whisper in his ear.

	"We shouldn't let your father down, should we Tenchi? 
I would love to help his dream come true, wouldn't you?" 
she said in her most sultry voice. Quickly, she started to 
lick his ear. A drop of blood trickled from Tenchi's nose. 
Nobuyuki regained his senses and started filming the two. 
Ryoko continued to lick Tenchi's ear and whisper lewd 
comments. Suddenly, she kissed Tenchi deeply and 
passionately. Their tongues entwined in a fury of love. 
Nobuyuki let one tear of happiness drop as he filmed his 
son. After the two stopped kissing, Tenchi looked over at 
his dad.

	"Now will you leave us alone? As you can see, I need 
privacy." He asked in an irritated voice.

	"Oh! Of course I'll go. You two be good now." 
Nobuyuki said giddily. As he shut the door, Tenchi looked at 
Ryoko. 

	"I knew that'd get him to leave." He laughed.

	"Yeah. good one." Ryoko sighed. Tenchi could hear the 
disappointment in her voice.

	"Sorry about getting your hopes up like that Ryoko. I 
just needed father to leave us alone so I could train in 
peace. I will make it up to you someday, I promise. I'm just 
not quite ready yet. I hope you understand.

	"It's okay Tenchi. Let's get back to work." She said 
sternly. 

	Days seemed to fly by as Tenchi and Ryoko bettered 
their skills. Then weeks passed quickly as they sparred. 
Months vanished as the two warriors honed their skills. 
Blood, sweat, victory, and defeat, all were shared between 
Ryoko and Tenchi. Hardships were endured, trials overcome, 
and barriers brought down as they worked side by side. 
Finally, one whole year passed and their training was 
complete.

	"Today was the last day, wasn't is Ryoko?" Tenchi 
asked exhaustedly.

	"Yes it was Tenchi. We are now ready physically. 
Mentally, however, we have a long way to go." She said 
dreamily. 

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi said quietly.

	"Yes Tenchi." Ryoko responded. She turned to meet 
Tenchi's face but he had disappeared. Suddenly, the lights 
went out. The only light left in the entire little dimension 
was a spotlight that centered itself on Ryoko. Tenchi then 
reappeared behind her. As he grabbed her waist from behind, 
Ryoko turned her head to see him. When she did, Tenchi met 
her with a deep, passionate, wondrous kiss. His tongue 
darted into Ryoko's mouth and met up with hers. She seemed 
to melt into his arms. A moan escaped her throat as Tenchi 
wrapped his arms around her, hugging her tight.

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi said.

	"Yes?"

	"I want you. I need you. Please except me into your 
heart. Will you give yourself to me, my love?" As he spoke 
Ryoko shed a tear of pure rapture. She couldn't help but 
smile. She shook uncontrollably and could not speak. After 
what seemed like an eternity, Ryoko looked deep into 
Tenchi's eyes.

	"Yes. Oh Tenchi, of course I will. I love you with all 
of my heart." At those words, Tenchi took hold of Ryoko. 
They looked into each other's eyes for several minutes. 
Their eyes beamed with the essence of love itself. They 
locked into an embrace that no god could separate. Ryoko 
collapsed to her knees due to the sudden realization that 
the only man she loved was finally expressing his love for 
her. Tenchi went down with her and met her gaze. 

	"It must have been hard for you to hold back your 
feelings for so long. Especially during our year of 
training," he said softly. Ryoko could only nod her head. 
Looking at Tenchi and seeing the love in his eyes was all it 
took. Ryoko leaned forward and kissed Tenchi. He returned 
the kiss with all his love. Sitting in the only light in the 
small dimension, the two sat and expressed their love.

	Slowly, Tenchi started to remove Ryoko's clothes. When 
he reached the final pieces of undergarment, his hands 
started to tremble. He again looked into Ryoko's golden 
eyes.

	"It's okay Tenchi. Don't be afraid. It will be okay." 
Ryoko whispered reassuringly into Tenchi's ear. Again 
Tenchi's hands reached for Ryoko's undergarments. This time, 
with some hesitation, Tenchi unclasped her bra and let it 
fall noiselessly onto the floor. Ryoko gasped as her breasts 
were released, lightly bobbing as they came free. Tenchi 
nervously stared. Seeing his distress, Ryoko took his hand 
and placed it on one of her breasts. A gasp escaped Tenchi's 
lips as his hand came into contact with his love's beautiful 
mounds. 

	Ryoko's moaning seemed to boost Tenchi's confidence. He 
began to knead and caress Ryoko's breasts. What seemed like 
all to soon, Ryoko pulled away. Slowly, she began to undress 
Tenchi. After peeling off his shirt, she caressed his broad 
chest. The previous training had beneficial effects on 
Tenchi's figure. Kissing her way down, she made her way to 
his belt. She looked Tenchi in the eyes before undoing it. 
Pulling his pants down, she made a nice discovery. Though 
Tenchi is shy around women, his penis was rather fond of 
their presence. 

	With startling ferocity, she ripped Tenchi's underwear 
off of him. She then looked at his penis and then looked up 
at him. With a slow, approving nod, Ryoko placed a kiss in 
the head of Tenchi's cock. His moans made Ryoko even hotter. 
She wrapped her lips around Tenchi's manhood and grazed it 
with her fangs. In an odd way, it turned him on. 
Instinctively, he placed a hand on Ryoko's head to encourage 
her. 

	Ryoko's tongue was bathing Tenchi's penis quickly. Her 
moans vibrated around Tenchi's cock, making him squirm. 

	"Ryoko. I-I'm close." He warned. Ryoko stopped what 
she was doing and looked at Tenchi.

	"It's time, my love. Remove my panties and prove your 
love to me." She gasped. Not hesitating, Tenchi did as he 
was told. He delicately removed Ryoko's underwear and got 
his first look at a female's crotch. He breathed in Ryoko's 
sweet scent before positioning himself over her. Ryoko 
guided Tenchi to her entrance. With a passionate kiss, 
Tenchi slid into his love. After reaching a spongy 
resistance, he looked at Ryoko seriously.

	"Are you ready? This will hurt a bit you know." He 
warned. Ryoko just kissed him deeply and thrust her hips 
upward. A look of pain washed over her for just a split 
second. Next came a look of relief and pure ecstasy. Tenchi 
continued to enter Ryoko slowly, enjoying every second. 
Ryoko locked her legs behind Tenchi as he started to thrust 
in and out of her. He bent over and caught one of Ryoko's 
swaying breasts in his mouth as he went on. Ryoko cried out 
as her first orgasm crashed over her. She moaned and held 
Tenchi close to her. Her nails dug into Tenchi's back. She 
raked down his back as her orgasm subsided. Just as hers did 
Tenchi's just began. He and Ryoko kissed each other with all 
their love as he shot his hot semen into Ryoko. Together 
they lay in the middle of the dimension basking in their 
afterglow, Tenchi still on top of Ryoko. Her sweat gleamed 
from the light that shown down on them. With one last kiss, 
Tenchi rolled off Ryoko and they both drifted off to sleep.

	When they awoke they quickly got dressed and walked 
hand in hand to the door. Noticing their departure through a 
nearby window, Nobuyuki readied his camcorder and began to 
yet again interrogate the couple. Tenchi was shirtless due 
to the pain the fabric inflicted on his new wounds Ryoko 
caused. Noticing them, Nobuyuki took Tenchi aside and with a 
stern look, he spoke to him.

	"Did Ryoko do that to you." He said while motioning 
towards Tenchi's back. An embarrassed look spread on 
Tenchi's face.

	"Yeah, she did." He confessed. Nobuyuki's face grew 
even more serious. Noticing this, Tenchi quickly acted. 
"It's okay father, I know it looks bad but." Tenchi 
hesitated before finally adding "dad. these wounds were 
inflicted while in the rapture of love." He tried to put it 
as poetic as he could, if only to try to compare to the 
actual feeling.

	Nobuyuki's eyes began to water. He grabbed Tenchi and 
patted him hard on the shoulders. After his insane fit 
subsided, he started to talk.

	"Oh my wife, if you were only here! Our Tenchi has 
grown up! He's a man!" he cried. After several minutes, he 
regained control of his emotions. "Tenchi, I will try not 
to intrude to much but I must document your development. Any 
responsible father should." He explained to his son. 

	"Dad, can't I just fill you in every once in a while? 
A camcorder is a little much. Can't you just keep a diary?" 
he pleaded with his father.

	"No son, It should be visual. I know how much you 
watch my movies about your mother. How would you feel if it 
were just a book. Wouldn't you rather see her?" he 
explained. 

	"Yeah, I guess you're right. Just don't stalk us, 
okay?" he pleaded yet again. He was prepared to fall to his 
knees and beg. Seeing his desperation, Nobuyuki gave way.

	"Okay, I will only record your decent affairs. You, in 
return, must fill me in on the more intimate details so I 
can keep a diary. Deal?" 

	"It's a deal." They shook hands and parted without 
another word. Tenchi had just reached Ryoko when his stomach 
growled. Hearing it, Ryoko made a suggestion.

	"Let's see if Sasami can make dinner a little early 
today. I know our "practice" wore you and me out. I am so 
hungry." She said, feigning weak. She swooned and collapsed 
into Tenchi's arms. Doing so, she couldn't help but laugh. 
Tenchi flashed a quick smirk. Slowly, he bent down and gave 
Ryoko a deep kiss. Ryoko let out a soft moan that could have 
been easily mistaken as a purr. 

	"Hmm, patience my little kitten, tonight you will be 
fed the finest cream in the land." He boasted. 

	"Careful Tenchi, I may hold you to that." She 
whispered seductively. Again they kissed. This one, however, 
was much longer. Unknown to them, it was long enough for 
Nobuyuki to record. And record, he did.

	Walking back to the house, Ryoko and Tenchi saw Washu 
lying in the sun. Together, they decided to pay the genius a 
visit. As they neared, Washu sat up and smiled at them.

	"Hello Washu." They said in unison. 

	"So you two finally did it." She blurted out. 
Dumbfounded, they both stared at her.

	"How did you know?" Tenchi finally asked.

	"Well all the signs are there. Everything from the 
smile on your faces to the way Ryoko is walking." She 
turned to face Ryoko. "It hurts your first time, doesn't 
it?" she commented slyly before laughing.

	"And just what is wrong with the way I walk?" Ryoko 
asked angrily. 

	"Well, your legs are slightly swinging apart as you 
walk. That way your vulva doesn't rub together. Friction is 
a very unpleasant feeling for an area that has been rubbed 
repetitively for an extended period of time, you see." Then 
she looked at Tenchi and smiled. "You animal," she joked. 
Both Tenchi and Ryoko's faces were crimson now. Seeing this, 
Washu started to giggle, trying to control herself. All hope 
of control was soon lost and Washu rolled around on her 
towel laughing until her sides hurt.

	Tenchi started to lead a now furious Ryoko away but 
Washu stopped them. With a mixture of anger and annoyance, 
Tenchi turned to face the beckoning voice.

	"What do you want now? Is it another joke? If it is, 
don't say it." He boomed. The look on Washu's face silenced 
him. Her laughing had stopped, and a serious face replaced 
her previous one.

	"I just wanted to say congratulations, that's all." 
Tenchi could hear the hurt in her voice.

	"Washu, I'm sorry I snapped at you. I didn't mean to 
hurt your feelings."

	"It's okay. I have just one more thing to say." She 
said in an uncharacteristic seriousness. "If you two need 
anything, don't be afraid to ask me. I mean it too."

	"Many thanks little Washu." Tenchi bowed to express 
his gratitude. As they left, Washu just stared at them.

	"Love. It is so chaotic. Oh well, back to work." She 
lifted her hands and under them, her astral computer 
appeared and she started typing quickly. One chibi-Washu 
appeared on her right shoulder.

	"I retrieved the blood off of Tenchi's back." It 
spoke while holding a small vile. "What is it for?" the 
little one inquired.

	"Just another one of my experiments." She said. "Now 
for Ryoko's blood." She wondered were she might find some 
without risking serious injury. "Of course!" she chimed. 

	Washu walked over to the dimensional gate to the 
training room she had created for Ryoko and Tenchi. After 
knocking five times, she entered and started her search. 
After finding the spot where the two warriors' passion 
coincided, she bent down and collected the blood from 
Ryoko's first encounter with love. 

	"It's a good thing Ryoko was still a virgin. If not, I 
would have had to look a lot harder for her blood." As she 
spoke, a chibi-Washu appeared on either shoulder.

	"You are Washu, the greatest!" one shouted.

	"You are Washu, the genius!" the other shouted, 
equally enthusiastic. 

	"Yes, I know. Now back to work." She smiled as she 
exited the dimension.

	Sitting down at the dinner table, Nobuyuki and 
Katsuhito already started their meal. Sasami was just about 
to prepare Ryoko and Tenchi's meal so as to be reheated 
later. Upon seeing them, she rejoiced and set their meals 
down on the table. Ryo-Ohki bounded for them and started 
nudging her head against Ryoko's leg.

	"What are you doing down there? You are never that 
happy to see me." She wondered aloud. Suddenly she 
remembered. The two of the shared a link. Ryo-Ohki was just 
as happy as Ryoko because of this link. After Ryoko patted 
her on the head, she hopped back on top of Sasami's head.

	
Tenchi had just sat down when he noticed his dad's 
smile. Seeing this, Tenchi couldn't help but grin. Sasami 
looked back and forth between the two and sighed. She gave 
up on trying to figure things out. Dinner passed rather 
uneventfully and Ryoko left early. Shortly after, Tenchi 
excused himself. As he ascended the stairs, his smile 
broadened. 

	As he entered his room, he saw a gorgeous sight. There, 
on his bed, Ryoko laid with her hands under her head, 
looking at him. Not a stitch of clothing was to be found 
anywhere near her.

	"Ready lover?" she spoke in a sensuous voice. As she 
motioned for Tenchi to approach her. "Time to live up to 
your earlier promises." 

	Tenchi walked slowly over to his love and smiled even 
more. Bending down, he grabbed his love by the shoulders, 
lifted her to her knees, and kissed her passionately. His 
tongue explored deep into her as they entangled in a sweet 
embrace. Sounds of passion wafted from his room as the two 
of them expressed their love. Ryoko broke away from Tenchi 
just long enough to slide back down onto her stomach. The 
bulge in Tenchi's pants where right in front of her face. 
Fixing her eyes on it, she began to reach for Tenchi's belt. 
Her mouth watered as his penis sprung towards her. 

	"Is this for me? Tenchi, you shouldn't have." She 
giggled before grabbing it at the base. Quickly, she drove 
her head forward and enveloped Tenchi's cock in her warm, 
inviting mouth. His moans of ecstasy made Ryoko's nipples 
harden. Seeing this, Tenchi seized one. He rolled the nipple 
between his fingers, slightly pinching it as he did. Ryoko's 
orgasm crashed over her like numerous waves. Shuddering, she 
continued to suckle on Tenchi.

	"Ryoko. Ryoko, I'm going to." He gasped. Just then, 
he shot many hot jets of cum down Ryoko's throat. Feeling it 
happen caused Ryoko to have another orgasm. Together, in 
each other's arms, they fell asleep.

	The next morning, Tenchi and Ryoko woke earlier that 
usual. Together they bathed, dried, and ate breakfast. After 
leaving a note pertaining to their whereabouts, they left to 
train. As they entered the dimension, they changed into 
battle clothes. Tenchi then looked over to Ryoko. 

	"I have an idea." Tenchi said. He called forth the 
Lighthawk Wings in one hand and an energy sword in another. 
In a state of deep concentration, he brought the two 
together. There was a loud boom and a brilliant flash of 
light. When they could again see, the two weapons where one! 
The Lighthawk Wings where blue like usual. Under Tenchi's 
hands, however, they bore a bright red glow. He had to test 
it.


	As he held the new weapon, he seemed to be in a trance. 
His eyes where closed and he was breathing heavily. 
Suddenly, his eyes shot open. Ryoko saw no pupil, no white, 
and only two gold globes. Quickly, Tenchi spun the weapon 
and it created a shield. As he stood there, he looked at 
Ryoko and grinned.

	"Shoot me with an energy blast Ryoko." He commanded. 
Hesitantly, Ryoko formed a shot and fired. As it hit the 
shield, it fizzled out. "Harder!" Tenchi ordered. Again 
Ryoko fired. This blast nudged Tenchi back an inch. His 
shield stood firm. 

	"Good, now use your sword." He spoke with great 
confidence. Ryoko formed her sword and gave a crashing 
downward blow to the shield. As it connected, Tenchi gave a 
grunt. Ryoko's sword fizzled out!

	"How did you do that?" Ryoko gasped.

	"You might want to move." He replied. As she did, 
Tenchi aimed his shield in the direction of a now charging 
swarm of engineered clones. With a thunderous yell, the 
shield emitted a purple glow. Next came a beam of energy so 
powerful it pushed Ryoko away to one side of the dimension. 
A flash was seen as the blast hit the armada of soldiers. 
Some one hundred fighters where turned into ash in mere 
seconds. Tenchi stood there sweating. A smile spread across 
his face. 

	"That was incredible!" Ryoko screamed.

	"So this is the result of your power combined with 
that of Jurai. I am impressed." He spoke softly.

	"How did you know how to do that?" 

	"I. I just. knew." He said with a far off look. 
"Wait until you see this." Tenchi spoke as he put his 
sword away. When he did, his eyes returned to normal. Then 
created an energy ball. Quickly, the ball grew. It was now 
as big as the two of them. "Hop in." he said with a smile. 
Ryoko looked worried.

	"Trust me. Do you honestly think I would hurt you?" 
he reassured. As Ryoko stepped inside she felt warm. Tenchi 
entered right behind her. "Do you like it? When we are 
inside, we can go anywhere. We can go under water, through 
rock, and even into space. Not to mention, this bubble is 
also a healing aura. That's why you felt warm as you 
entered. Unfortunately, it is weak to energy attacks. It 
will burst if struck by a powerful blast. On the other side, 
it is invulnerable to force attacks such as punches, kicks, 
and non-energy weaponry. There's more too. The most 
important thing is, now we have a chance against Nagi.
