	


				Wait for it...




	"I love you, Ayeka."  Four simple words.  Oh, how she'd 
longed to hear them pass his lips.  Ayeka's eyes glimmered 
brightly with unshed tears as she clasped her hands underneath her 
chin.  Her breath caught in her throat, making it impossible to 
speak.  

	Tenchi reached out and grabbed her by her shoulders, looking 
deep into her eyes.  "You, Ayeka-chan.  Not Mihoshi, not Sasami, 
not Washu, and especially not Ryoko.  I love you.  Will you marry 
me?"

	"Oh, Tenchi!" she finally got out.  "Yes!  Yes, I will marry 
you!"
	
	Nearby, Ryoko overheard and turned several sickly shades of 
blue before collapsing unnoticed.

	Tenchi pulled Ayeka into a firm embrace, holding her tightly 
to his strong, manly chest.  "Ayeka, it's you who I've longed for, 
all this time.  You're so beautiful, so cultured, so perfect, how 
could I even look at the other girls?"
	
	"Tenchi!  You flatter me!" she giggled, running her hands 
over his smoothly muscled back. 

	"And modest too!" Tenchi exclaimed, continuing to extol her 
virtues.  "You even showed mercy to Ryoko, even though she was 
your mortal enemy.  With such an example, how could I do any less?  
I am very sorry for leading Ryoko on like that, please forgive me, 
I know how it must have pained you," he said, softly stroking her 
hair.
	
	"No need to worry Ten-chan, I don't blame you.  You were 
just being so gallant and noble..."

	"And forgiving on top of all of that," Tenchi finished, 
breath quickening.  He stopped talking, only making small ooh's 
and ahh's as he ran one finger down her cheek, causing her to tilt 
her head up and close her eyes.   He leaned in and kissed her 
deeply, tracing the line of her neck down to her collar and over 
to her shoulder with his hand.  His other hand drifted lower, not 
quite daring to touch her bottom.

	"Oooh, Tenchi..." she moaned into his lips, helpless in his 
arms.

	Tenchi allowed his hand to drop just far enough to lightly 
caress her firm cheeks, eliciting a brief squeal, before bringing 
it back up and around.  He drew back from the kiss and looked 
down as he cupped her breasts with both hands.   "So beautiful, 
and much bigger than any of the other girls..." he murmured as he 
gently squeezed.

	Ayeka grabbed his wrists with the intention of removing them 
but Tenchi wouldn't have any of it.  Instead, he grabbed both of 
her wrists in one hand and brought them above her head, reaching 
around her back with his other arm for support as he gently 
lowered her to the ground.   

	Ayeka bit her lip and looked up at him apprehensively as she 
lay there pinned beneath him, unresisting as he used his free hand 
to slowly open the top of her kimono and reveal her naked breasts.
	
	"Ahh, Ayeka-chan, I cannot help myself.  You... you are just 
too perfect, I must have you!"  Tenchi exclaimed, lightly stroking 
and caressing his way down her stomach before stopping just above 
her obi.
	
	"Tenchi...  Shouldn't we wait?  It would be very 
improper..."

	"Nonsense!" he replied.  "I love you and you love me, I just 
want to express my love beyond words."  His fingers darted beneath 
her obi, brushing, teasing her, making her want it.

	"Ano, Ayeka, do you want some cream for that?"

	"AHHHHH!" she screamed, startled.  "What?  Huh?  Mihoshi!" 
she exclaimed, finally seeing the galaxy police officer standing 
near where she was sitting in her bedroom.

	"The itch," Mihoshi explained patiently.  "I get them all 
the time and it's really very annoying, especially when you're in 
public and you just can't scratch because everyone turns and 
stares at you, it's _so_ embarrassing..." Mihoshi giggled.

	Unable to switch gears from 'fantasy' to 'talking with 
Mihoshi' so quickly, Ayeka was forced to once again say "Huh?"

	"Your infection.  You know, you've been scratching down 
there for a really long time now and I should know because I've 
been watching you the whole time and, ano, Ayeka?  Why are you 
banging your head into the floor like that?"



