Disclaimer: The following story contains characters and ideas that are owned 
by people other than me. The story itself is mine, but nothing else. 
Warning Shots
Ryoko was worried. She hadn't seen Tenchi at all today, and now she 
couldn't find him anywhere. He wasn't anywhere in the house, and she was 
certain that summer vacation wasn't over, so he wasn't at school. She had 
tried Washu's lab, but had found the door shut and locked. Ryoko hoped he 
wasn't in there. In desperation she decided to check out his room again.
Teleporting upstairs, she surveyed the bedroom carefully. Everything 
looked normal. His bed wasn't made, but that wasn't too odd. While Tenchi was 
normally a well organized person, he was prone to leaving tiny messes around 
if in a hurry. 
" But where did he rush off to then?" she wondered. The more Ryoko 
looked around, the more she was certain that something wasn't right. Something 
had happened in Tenchi's room, but she just couldn't tell what. She sat down 
on his bed and rested her head on her hands. " I don't like this," she 
thought. " Today has been weird. I knew it the moment I woke up." Ryoko 
glanced down at the bed. She could see the imprint of Tenchi's body in the 
rumpled covers, broken slightly to one side where he rolled out of bed. She 
smiled slightly as she thought of him sleeping, he looked so damn good in his 
sleep. A second later her thoughts were interrupted as she realized what was 
wrong with the room. The bed had two imprints on it. Looking closer, Ryoko 
could definitely make out a second body imprint. The next few seconds were a 
blur as her mind fought to deny what her eyes were showing her. " It can't 
be," Ryoko told herself. " It can't be, it can't be. It's got to be something 
else, it's..." She swallowed hard as her mind struggled to come up with 
something, anything, to make sense of what she was seeing. Nothing came to 
mind though. Someone had shared Tenchi's bed with him last night. Then she saw 
it, laying between the pillow and the headboard. She reached out, denying it's 
existence until the moment she picked it up. A single strand of brown hair. 
Brown, not black. It was definitely not one of Tenchi's. Her mind blanked 
again as her subconscious refused to accept the truth. " Who's is it though?" 
Ryoko wondered. Nobody in the house had brown hair. She sighed in anguish and 
frustration. " What in the hell is going on?" Ryoko tried to group her 
thoughts. 
" Someone slept with Tenchi last night, but that's it. They couldn't 
have...no, someone would have heard that," Ryoko convinced herself, unable 
finish the thought. Her eyes watered at the mere consideration of it. " 
Whoever it was had brown hair, but who could that be? And how could she have 
gotten in the house without anyone else knowing?" She held up the hair, 
staring at it. Ryoko's eyes narrowed and she let her grief be replaced by a 
much more familiar emotion, anger. " Whoever it was, I'll find them. And when 
I do..." The hair ignited, burning like a wick for a brief instant before 
crumbling to dust. 

Tokimi watched Ryoko carefully, marveling at her sister's creation. 
Ryoko was a near perfect design. Compact, agile, with a wide array of weapons 
and specialized powers. Her maximum energy potential was staggering. Even with 
just one gem, she would be more than a match for most of Tokimi's warriors. 
Her senses were quite amazing as well. Tokimi had to use considerably more 
energy than normal to mask her presence. 


" Perhaps there is hope," Tokimi considered. " If Tenchi and Ryoko were 
both to realize their full powers, together they would be able to handle 
almost anything." Tokimi was a bit worried about Ryoko's apparent obsession 
with figuring out what had happened in Tenchi's room the previous night. She 
was certainly embarrassed when Ryoko discovered a strand of her hair. That had 
certainly been careless of her, definitely not normal. Tokimi considered how 
she could have forgotten to erase such signs of her presence. She wanted to 
blame Tsunami, but knew that wasn't it. The reason had been Tenchi. Something 
about him made her feel relaxed, too relaxed it seemed.
" I've never slacked off before, I can't afford to start now." She 
watched as Ryoko made her threat and then took off. Tokimi considered 
interfering with Ryoko's investigation, but decided it wasn't necessary. While 
there could certainly be some trouble if Ryoko confronted Tenchi about last 
night, Tokimi doubted it would happen. More likely, Ryoko will follow Tenchi 
in hopes of catching him in the act. Since Tokimi could throw Ryoko off the 
trail at any moment though, she wouldn't need to worry about Ryoko dropping in 
on them unexpectedly. And if she was planning on directly confronting Tenchi, 
well he was with Washu right now. There was no way Ryoko could reach him at 
the moment. 
" I wonder just what my sister is doing with him. I know she feels 
strongly for him, that much at least I managed to gather from that worthless 
Dr. Clay. But just how deep do her feeling run? Damn you Clay, why did I ever 
send you? I knew it was a mistake, your ego was just too big. You got too 
involved. You were suppose to fail of course, but curse you for destroying 
your own ship. So much lost data, on Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu." Tokimi's 
reflection was broken as she felt a huge power heading for Earth. Tsunami was 
coming back, and she wasn't being subtle about it. Tokimi sighed in 
frustration. " She's trying to push things along, moving before all is ready. 
She's coming for Tenchi. Now's not the time though, Washu still needs him." 
Tokimi let her link to her power open, drawing forth energy for what was to 
come. " Oh well, I knew it would come to this, no matter how much I tried to 
deny it. I just hope you appreciate this Washu." 
She moved up above the Earth and waited for Tsunami's arrival. Tokimi 
positioned herself to be directly between her sister and the planet. She 
didn't need to wait long. Tsunami tried to force her way past, but Tokimi 
managed to halt her progress.
" I'm sorry Tsunami, but I can't let you by. It's too soon," Tokimi 
informed her sister.
" You have no right to tell me where I can and can't go, Termona," 
Tsunami said. 
" Name calling, now that's childish of you."
" I'll do much worse than that if you don't move."
" Will you? I don't think you have it in you sister. Your too soft and 
timid." Suddenly Tsunami's hand came around, swinging in backhanded slap. 
Though more than ten feet of empty space separated them, her power made up for 
the distance. Tokimi's head jerked sideways as if struck, the force pushing 
her back. She glared at Tsunami out of the corner of her eye.
" I'm in no mood for games Tokimi. Now move or I'll move you," Tsunami 
threatened.
" Well, look who finally got the nerve to stand up to her older sister." 
Tokimi straightened back up. " Now lets see if she's got anything to back up 
her threats." She pushed at Tsunami and the gesture blew her out of the Sol 
system. 
Tokimi spared a moment for a last look at the Earth. " Washu, it looks 
like it's up to you now. Tenchi and Ryoko are the best hope this universe has, 
and you'd better make sure their ready when the times comes. I just hope I'll 
get to see you, and him, again." Tearing her gaze from the planet, she 
launched herself after Tsunami. 



Washu jerked in shock. Even being in a separate dimension, she had 
detected the energy that had been unleashed. Washu knew there was only one 
explanation for it. She closed her eyes, not even sure what to feel. Tokimi 
and Tsunami were her sisters, but after all that had happened between them she 
wasn't sure how to react. 
" Washu?" The former goddess opened her eyes. She could see Tenchi's 
face hovering just inches away from her own. His expression was one of 
confusion mixed with concern. 
" It finally happened," Washu commented. Tenchi's expression turned even 
more worried.
" It's Tokimi and Tsunami, isn't it?" he asked. Washu could only nod in 
response. " And there's nothing we can do, is there?" Washu shook her head. " 
So we just have to sit here, and hope they don't kill each other?" Washu 
didn't respond to that question. She wondered if it would, or could, come down 
to that. She knew they had limits. If they lost enough energy they would 
become vulnerable to physical harm, as she had become upon giving up her 
powers. But how long would it take for that to happen? How much power did they 
have in reserve? 
" I'm sorry Tenchi, but there's nothing I, or anyone else can do." Washu 
was struggling to keep her emotions in check, and was failing miserably. Her 
vision kept blurring as her eyes filled with tears. Tenchi pulled her in 
closer, hugging her tightly.
" I know Washu, I know." Several painful minutes passed as Washu felt 
Tsunami and Tokimi's energy move further away until they passed out of her 
range. 
" Their too far away now. I can't feel them anymore." Tenchi nodded, but 
kept silent. It was dead silent in the lab, both Tenchi and Washu locked away 
in their own thoughts. After several tedious minutes, Tenchi suddenly spoke 
up. 
" How much energy were they using Washu?" he asked. Washu blinked 
several time in surprise at the question.
" What do you mean?"
" How much of their full power were they using?" Washu opened her mouth 
to respond, but then shut it when she realized she actually didn't know. She 
hadn't even considered it before. The amount of energy released by Tokimi's 
return attack had been strong enough to smash a planet to dust. Under normal 
circumstances, anyone using that much power would most definitely had been 
fighting to kill. However a fight between Tokimi and Tsunami could hardly be 
considered normal. Washu brought up her holo-computer, accessing the sensor 
records. She pulled up the time frame for the moment of Tokimi's attack. At 
present settings the energy was off the scale. Washu cycled the meter higher 
several times until she was able to fit the measurement on a table. She then 
took measurements of Tokimi's and Tsunami's energy and the effects of Tokimi's 
attack on Tsunami. What she saw brought a smile to her face.
" Well I'll be damned!" she exclaimed.
" Washu?"
" Their not even trying. Their bluffing each other. Neither one is sure 
how much power the other has managed to hold on to, so they started off using 
minimal energy. After that they began increasing the force of their attacks, 
but slowly, carefully."
" So it's more of a show of strength than a real fight?" Washu grinned 
at this.
" Well if you don't consider the release of enough energy to vaporize 
half the galaxy a fight, then yes." 
" You know what I mean," Tenchi said half annoyed and half smiling. " So 
there's nothing to worry about then?"


" I don't think so. We probably won't be seeing either of them for a 
while, but I think they'll be okay."
" That's great." Washu felt an enormous relief. Despite their pasts, she 
realized she still cared deeply about her sisters. Among all these happy 
feelings she noticed that Tenchi still had an arm around her, and he seemed 
totally unaware of it. He looked at her with a big smile on his face and she 
couldn't help herself. Washu suddenly leaned forward and kissed him. Tenchi, 
despite being taken completely off guard, made no move to stop her. She 
pressed against him, totally unsure of what she was going to do, but unwilling 
to break the kiss for anything. They stayed that way for the longest time, 
neither one certain of the others, or even their own, intent.

Tokimi was having far more difficultly with Tsunami then she had 
predicted. Her sister had caught her off guard several times with techniques 
and attacks that left Tokimi in wonder. Presently Tsunami was launching micro-
black holes at her that were quite hard to avoid as they tended to home in on 
her by means of their powerful gravity. While it would have been easier to 
simply encase herself in an anti-gravity field to repel them, Tokimi was 
relying on Tsunami's focus shifting too far into attacking, making her 
vulnerable to a counterstrike. 


Her opportunity came sooner than expected. Tsunami's uncharacteristic 
aggression was getting the better of her. She was entirely focused on Tokimi, 
and so was unaware as Tokimi's shadow moved up behind her. The energy blast 
that hit her did no damage, but it did cause her to turn around. No sooner did 
she realize her mistake when she was hit again, but this time the blast came 
from Tokimi herself, and as such was several billion times more powerful. The 
attack carried her over fifty light years before she could stop herself. 
Tsunami found herself in a small solar system with a fairly large star that 
had yet to collect anything more than a few meteors. As she was catching her 
breath, in a sense,  she felt Tokimi approaching. Looking up she saw her 
sister circling around the star to come at her. Tsunami oriented herself 
toward the star and brought her hands together. The star exploded in a 
brilliant supernova that caught Tokimi off guard. She went tumbling off 
through the void. Tsunami caught a relatively small meteor, only about three 
hundred tons. She sent it toward Tokimi, after accelerating it to just under 
the speed of light. The impact instantly carried her out of sight and Tsunami 
wasted no time going after her. She found the meteor floating dead in space, 
but Tokimi was nowhere to be seen. She moved closer to the rock to try and 
pick up Tokimi's energy pattern and hopefully be able to follow it. Without 
warning a hand shot out of the meteor and grabbed her by the throat. It 
clamped down tight, digging nails into her skin. Caught off guard, Tsunami 
went limp under the pressure. Tokimi emerged from within the meteor, phasing 
through the iron and stone as if stepping through smoke. She quickly spun and 
hurled Tsunami into the meteor. She broke through into the very core of the 
rock. Tokimi gestured toward the meteor and it instantly melted and collapsed 
around the Jurain goddess. Tokimi poured even more heat into it while at the 
same time encasing it with an energy shield so that it couldn't evaporate. The 
meteor was beginning to resemble a micro-sized star when something very heavy 
and moving very fast struck Tokimi from above and behind. She regained control 
just in time to reflect several dozen energy blasts that the spaceship Tsunami 
aimed at her. Tokimi launched her own blasts back at the ship, but they were 
absorbed by the wings of the light hawk. At that time the metal shell of the 
melted meteor exploded outward and Tokimi had to avoid dozens of razor edged 
shards that flew at her. Then both Tsunami's opened fire on her. Tokimi was 
dodging in and out of the deadly beams when she slammed into something like a 
bug into a windshield . Ten light hawk wings formed around her, spinning in a 
slow orbit around her. The wings spun her around so she was facing the Jurai 
ship. The wings were at right angles to the ship so they seemed to point 
toward Tokimi as if she was in the middle of a bulls-eye. The battleship's own 
ten wings appeared. They shone brighter and brighter as they built up energy, 
which all flowed down to the center wing and formed a sphere of pure energy. 
Tokimi fought to escape, but there was no time.

Tenchi somehow found himself on his back with Washu laying on top of 
him. He was fairly certain of what was going to happen next. Even though 
logically he knew it wouldn't be morally right for many reasons, emotionally 
he didn't feel it. He wondered what had happened to him to change him in such 
a way, but it was more of a curiosity than concern. He finally just decided 
that, after all the time of knowing and caring for so many beautiful women and 
yet being unable to express his feelings for them, he had reached his limit. 
Tokimi had forced him to open up. He realized she had seduced him, using 
his over caring nature to force him to act. He finally came to terms with his 
situation. The girls were going to get hurt emotionally no matter what 
happened, but if he kept his feelings bottled up then all of them would be 
hurt. What impact the following moments might have he didn't know, but Tenchi 
knew that he couldn't hold back his feelings anymore.
Any further thoughts he might have had were throughly interrupted as 
Washu positioned her hips on top of his and began rubbing against his manhood 
through his pants. She sat up to bring more of her weight into the motion. 
Even as his mind clouded with the feeling, Tenchi was able to notice that 
Washu had at some point changed her clothes. What she had been wearing before 
he was unable to remember, but now she had on a red vest over a long sleeved 
white shirt and a green skirt. Tenchi recognized it as the outfit Washu had 
been wearing the first time she revealed her true form. Memories of that day 
came flooding back. Tenchi doubted he had ever been more shocked. Seeing her 
like that after hearing of her lost child and husband had thrown him for a 
loop, then her offer to bear his child. He'd barely had any strength to resist 
her when she'd tried to kiss him. She had been so close, then Ryoko had 
intervened. At the time Tenchi had been torn between thanking or yelling at 
her. Tenchi had later decided that Washu had just been using him to have fun 
at her daughter's expense. However it hadn't all been in jest after all. How 
she had managed to hide her feelings so completely afterward was amazing.
Tenchi pushed any other thoughts out of his mind and brought his 
attention to more important things, namely the incredibly sexy women who was 
busy undressing him. Feeling the full impact of the hormones surging through 
his bloodstream, Tenchi rapidly unbuttoned Washu's vest and tossed it aside. 
The shirt was less of an issue to deal with as it slipped right off. The 
purple, silken bra underneath however, while being the easiest object of 
clothing to remove physically, was the most mentally stressing. As such, it 
took him half a minute simply to locate the latch, which Tenchi decided how 
been placed in the back with the sole intention of tormenting him.  By then 
Washu had reduced him down to just his boxers, though how she got his pants 
off while straddling him he couldn't imagine. Finally getting a decent hold of 
the latch, Tenchi managed to unhook the bra. He was just starting to slide it 
off when Washu leaned forward to kiss him. While certainly not a bad thing, it 
did obscure his view of her breasts, which Tenchi had been aching to see. He 
had been wanting to see them since the first time Washu had revealed her adult 
form. Now though, he was finally going to get to see her breasts , but it 
seemed that fate would be damned if it was going to make it easy for him.


Willing himself to be patient, Tenchi focused on removing Washu's skirt. 
Compared to the bra this was simple, a quick tug and the fasteners came undone 
and he flung it away. He reached back for her panties, and his hand 
encountered nothing but skin. Washu giggled.
" Oops, naughty me. What was I thinking, wearing a skirt with nothing on 
underneath." Her voice started out childish, but it quickly dropped into a far 
more seductive tone. " So Tenchi, how do you like it? Slow and soft, or hard 
and fast?" She glared down at him with a wicked grin.
" Uhhhhhh," was all Tenchi could say. Washu laughed and kissed him 
again.
" What's wrong?" she asked after breaking the kiss. " Can't decide? 
Maybe we'll just have to experiment a little to find out what you like?" 
Tenchi swallowed hard. Washu brought her head down beside his and very softly 
kissed him on the neck. She continued like this down his neck and chest, 
moving painfully slow. She barely touched him, yet she managed to elicit a 
sudden gasp from him each time. " You like that?" Tenchi nodded in response. 
Washu regarded him with a suspicious look. " Tenchi, what is it? I can see it 
in your eyes. You want something." She slid up him, dragging her body across 
his until they were eye to eye again. " Whatever it is, I'd like to know. Come 
on, you've got something you want to do." A long moment passed before Tenchi 
could gather up the courage he needed.
" Stand up," he asked softly. Washu's eyes narrowed slightly as she 
tried to determine what he had planned. She slowly stood up and Tenchi moved 
to join her. He finally got she her breasts, along with every other inch of 
her amazing body. He began a slow circuit around her, taking in every detail 
he could. For that moment, the sexual tension was put aside. He admired her 
for the incredible beauty of her form. Washu kept almost perfectly still. Only 
her eyes moved as she followed his movements. When he passed behind her she 
strained her ears to detect the soft fall of his bare feet on the floor. When 
he stopped it seemed utterly silent in her lab. Washu held her breath as she 
struggled not to turn around. She was starting to feel a bit paranoid, being 
totally uncertain as to what Tenchi was doing. So when his arm suddenly 
wrapped around her she let out a startled gasp. She felt his body press up 
close to hers.
" Washu," Tenchi whispered softly in her ear. " I have something I've 
wanted to tell you for the longest time, but have never had the courage to 
do."
" What's that," she asked, hoping her voice wasn't shaking as bad as she 
thought it was.
" I love you. I liked you the first day we met, and in the following 
weeks I found myself becoming more and more interested in you. But because of 
your physical age, my feelings were restrained to those of friendship. Then 
Taro came along. Watching you with him, I don't know how to describe it. By 
that time I had come to greatly admire and respect your intelligence for what 
it truly is. Even now it's impossible not to think about it because it's 
staggering to realize how much smarter you are than me. But when I saw caring 
for Taro, doing mundane, everyday things to care for him, something changed in 
the way I saw you. I had never considered how caring and gentle you could be. 
That was when I think I finally saw you as something besides the greatest 
scientist in the universe. I got to see you as a person, and that's when I 
fell in love with you. Then of course there was that stunt you pulled after 
Taro left. You know you nearly gave me a mental breakdown that day. I had all 
these feelings for you swirling around in my head and out of nowhere you 
suddenly grow up and make a move on me." Tenchi laughed slightly and Washu 
found herself smiling.
" I'm sorry about that, but I really needed something to take my mind 
off my past. I knew I'd get Ryoko and Ayeka worked up in doing so. Can you 
forgive me?"
" Well I don't know, it was pretty mean of you." The playful tone in 
Tenchi's voice shocked Washu. He had never showed a flirtatious side before. 
Her surprise didn't stop her from playing along though.


" Oh come on," Washu pouted as she turned around in his grasp. " It 
would make me feel so much better." She kissed him gently. "If you do, I'll 
make you feel much, much better." Her hand began to trail down his chest, 
stopping just above the line of his boxes. " So, do you forgive me?"
" I just don't know. I was so hurt." Washu smiled wickedly.
" Oh, well I know what will help." She grasped either side of his boxers 
and in the same motion she pulled them down and knelt in front of him. Holding 
his waist, she took the tip of his manhood in her mouth. Tenchi nearly fell 
over as almost all the strength drained from his legs. Washu slowly worked her 
way down his length. She rolled her tongue around it softly as she took it in 
her mouth. Tenchi's vision blurred from the feeling. Blissful warmth and 
pleasure shot up from his manhood through his body. When Washu finally drew 
back Tenchi was on the edge of his limit. " Now do you forgive me?"
" Wh-what?" Tenchi stammered, having totally forgotten about the game he 
had been playing. 
" Do you?" she asked again
" Yes!" Tenchi half shouted
" What?" Washu asked calmly. Tenchi let out a moan of frustration.
" I forgive you"
" Really?" Washu asked skeptically.
" Yes!" Tenchi shouted.
" I don't know."
" Oh come on Washu, this isn't fair!" Washu laughed.
" I know, but it's so much fun." She stood back up, but at the same time 
took hold of him in her hand. Softly rubbing up and down his length, Washu 
watched carefully as his face contorted from her efforts. Tenchi's eyes flew 
open and shut rapidly as he passed quick, shallow breaths between his lips. 
" Washu...," he muttered dreamily. " Washu... I... need you... now... 
I... can't... take... anymore." With a sudden motion Tenchi managed to take 
Washu off her feet and lay her out on the floor. He moved too fast for her to 
react, yet he managed to set her down very gently. She expected him to slide 
right into her at that moment, but instead he brought his attention, and 
mouth, to her breasts. She cried out in surprised pleasure as his tongue 
darted over their surface, running circles around her nipples then traveling 
down into the gulf between them. Washu did feel something slide into her, but 
of a different shape and of more flexibility then she had expected. Tenchi's 
fingers played across her inner sides and evoked even greater cries from her. 
Then suddenly he stopped. Washu's eyes flew open and she could she him 
grinning at her.
" So Washu, are you really sorry?" he asked nonchalantly.
" Wha... oh! You dirty...," she groaned, trying not to smile, and 
utterly failing. " You mean man," she pouted in her little kid's voice.
" Well it's like they say, 'Turn about's fair play'."


" Or in this case, foreplay." They both laughed lightly. They kissed and 
Washu felt the warm, heavy weight of Tenchi's body press on top of her, slick 
skin sliding and rubbing. She wrapped her legs around him, pulling his hips in 
toward hers. Finally, after waiting so long, after hiding her feelings for so 
many months, Washu finally felt what she'd been waiting for. As Tenchi pushed 
into her she opened her mouth, but nothing came out. Washu gasped in a silent 
scream as all the feelings she had buried millenniums ago came rushing back to 
her. It had been over twenty-thousand years since she'd last been with a man, 
and even though she had not felt any physical cravings because of her usual 
adolescent form, she had missed the mental pleasure that came with being with 
someone that she cared about. The feelings of love and wanting that she had 
for Tenchi combined with the physical pleasure to completely overcome her. It 
hit her like flood and swept her away. Everything faded and all that existed 
was an incredible sense of bliss. Impossibly it grew even greater and greater 
until it seemed it would engulf her forever. It seemed to flow all around her 
and then it spiked, doubling and then tripling in an instant. It held for many 
seconds, minutes, hours, years, she couldn't tell. Then it slowly dropped off. 
Peace and utter relaxation filled in for the fading feeling.
Gingerly opening her eyes, Washu was momentarily taken back by the 
seemingly harsh environment of her lab. Compared to the sightless physical 
world that her mind had been in with Tenchi, the sharp corners and dark shapes 
around her seemed so cold and somewhat horrible. Then Tenchi's face floated 
into view and blocked out the bad surroundings. His cheeks were flush and 
sweat beads clung to his face and hair. A warm smile caressed his features and 
filled Washu with it's power. Seeing the look on his face, the pleasure she 
had given him, filled her with satisfaction. 
" Washu...," he started to whisper, but she placed a finger to his lips 
to silence him. 
" Just lay here with me, for now."

The energy blast that followed was truly massive, but Tokimi was ready. 
She stopped trying to fight Tsunami's wings and used them to protect herself. 
She used her power to form a shield that connected to each wing, then drew 
energy off of it. The result was a protective screen with the same energy 
pattern as the wings and, since it had been  generated by the light hawk 
wings, the energy blast. The attack flowed harmlessly around Tokimi, who used 
Tsunami's surprise to break free of the prison. She then reached out and 
grabbed her sister, not physically but the effect was the same, and threw her 
into her own ship. Next she grabbed part of the hull and pulled. The thick 
armor peeled away and Tokimi used it to batter Tsunami into the side of the 
ship. Tsunami countered by transporting both of them inside her ship. It took 
Tokimi a second to realize where she was and that cost her. The pool of water 
that fed the tree of Tsunami exploded beneath her and sent dozens of drops at 
her that froze in flight. The tiny daggers dug into her flesh and began to 
turn her blood to ice. Frostbite spread rapidly through her body. Tokimi 
recovered her senses just in time to counteract the effects, cranking up her 
body temperature five hundred percent. Before she had completely melted the 
ice within her veins the tree itself attacked, grabbing her with powerful 
vines around her neck, body, arms, and legs. Tokimi screamed as several 
hundred trillions of volts of electrical energy coursed down the vines into 
her body. She struggled to break free, but found her power failing her. Having 
stored it in an alternate dimension had allowed her to prevent it from fading, 
but it made it difficult to access. She couldn't link directly to it inside 
Tsunami, and the ships hull resisted her attempts to pull energy through it. 
Her power fell rapidly and soon she was unable to resist at all. Mercifully as 
her energy faded so did the strength of the attack. When her power had been 
nearly depleted the tree dumped her roughly on the ground beside it. Tokimi 
barely had the strength to sit up. She found Tsunami was waiting for her. She 
tried to stand but her sister's gesture knocked her back to the ground. 
Tsunami came and stood over her sister.
" I warned you, didn't I?" Tsunami said. " You shouldn't have taken me 
so lightly."


" And you should have ended this while you had the chance," Tokimi told 
her. Before Tsunami could respond the ceiling exploded inward as Tokimi's 
energy rushed into her. Unable to bring sufficient energy in through the hull, 
Tokimi had gathered it in one place and turned it into a battering ram to 
punch through the ship. Unobstructed, Tokimi pulled in all her power. 
 " Enough playing around." She shattered Tsunami, turning the most powerful 
ship in the universe into scrap. Tsunami screamed in rage and horror. She 
pulled in her own power as the tree of Tsunami died, becoming unable to store 
the energy of it's creator. 
" You, how dare you!" Tsunami screamed. " You'll pay for that!"
" Good, lets see what you got." Tokimi challenged. Locking eyes, both 
goddesses let go the full extent of their power. 
 The resulting explosion of energy was enough to clear space for a 
hundred light years around them. If they had been within one of the spiral 
arms of the Milky Way untold billions would have died. Luckily they were 
position between and slightly above two of the arms and only managed to 
destroy a few dozen star systems near the edge of one, none of which happened 
to be inhabited. However, while no innocent bystanders had been killed, when 
it was all over, only one goddess was left. 

A few words: I'm sorry this took so long to get done, I've been really busy. 
Also, I wasn't certain about adding the Tenchi/ Washu love scene. I had a hard 
time deciding rather or not to put it in because I was afraid it might cheapen 
the story because Tenchi originally slept with Tokimi and was suppose to have 
feelings for her. I'm not sure, but I feel I might have lowered the level of 
this story. Dammit though, it just felt right, and I had to let Washu have 
him. I love Washu, she is my all time favorite anime character, and I really 
enjoy writing about her. Anyway I'd really appreciate any thoughts you might 
have about this part, because as of right now it's a total shot in the dark. 
Thanks.
