DAMNITALL PEOPLE WASHU IS SPELLED WITH ONE FREGGIN U!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if your gonna spell it with more than one use 15!!!!!!
the moral to this story is 'friends don't let friends spell washu with 2 u's'
and remember....i take no responsability for any complexes this story may give you....
but please do enjoy it......


                  Washu's Name Is Spelled With One 'U' Damnit

 Ryoko woke up one morning and scratched her head. Today was the
day. “Man I have to get Tenchi down to his new job as a drug tester or we
won’t get any money.” What Ryoko told Tenchi when she got him the job was
that they needed money for food and repairs on the house. The real reason
was Ryoko’s 5,000 dollar a day heroin habit. What everyone didn’t know
was that Ryoko was a needle freak. Yep she shook like a vibrator if she
didn’t shoot up every 6 hrs. So she went into Tenchi’s room and woke him
up. “Time to get up for your new job. You don’t want to be late.” Tenchi
looked up with his eyes half shut, “Ok Ryoko just leave the room so I can
change.” So Ryoko left. Anyway it was time for her little ‘Friend’ to
come by. She went into the bathroom and took off her shirt. She made a
needle materialize out of thin air and her white powder. She took a spoon
from out of the cabinet that was hidden behind some towels and bent it.
Putting the powder in the spoon she heated it up using
her power. Within minutes it was a clear liquid and she poured it into
the needle. Then she lifted up her right breast revealing a series of
needle marks. The needle pierced her skin and she injected the contents
into her body. Immediately she started to feel better. Tenchi knocked on
the door startling her. Everything disappeared and her shirt materialized
around her body. She came out and put her arms around Tenchi. “So are you
ready for your new day at work?” “Really are you sure a drug tester is
the only job that was open? I mean couldn’t of you found me a job without
the threat of personal harm to me? Like
burger flipper or a seal clubber or a porn star. Anything would be
better.” “Oh quit your whining you little wuss” Ryoko said and pushed him
gently, “Just take it like a man and get going.” They went downstairs and
she walked him to the door. “Have a good day,” she said and pushed him
out the door. She waited a few minutes when she came to a
realization..... there might be
some really neat drugs at the doctor’s office. “Screw this heroin habit,
I’m going for the
big time drugs.” She ran out the door and into the clear blue day. 

She made it to the office where Tenchi was supposed to be at and went
inside. She
walked around until she found a room where she found what she was looking
for. Tenchi
was sitting in a room in his underwear alone. “Hey......” Ryoko thought,
“This might be a
good chance to get Tenchi’s Big Johnson.” She went on in and tried to put
her hand down
his pants. “Hey Ryoko what are you doing?” Tenchi asked. But before she
had a chance
to answer a nurse walked in with a tray of pills. 'Ok kid you get to pick
what you want to
try...' The nurse told Tenchi.
'Here this one!!!' Ryoko cut Tenchi off as she picked up a multi-colored
pill and shoved it
into Tenchis mouth.
'Ok the phobia drug....' The nurse said as she scribbled down some notes
on her notepad.
'So uhhhhhh...hey when do I get paid???' Ryoko whispered to the nurse.
'Only if he lives...' The nurse responded.
'Oh damn...'
Suddenly Tenchi started to convulse violently as he fell on the floor,
then he jumped up
and kissed Ryoko!!!
'Wow!!!' Exclaimed Ryoko. Then Tenchi gently sat Ryoko down in a chair
and took her
clothes off, after witch he continued to caress her body gently. Ryoko
was becoming very
exited now! Finally Tenchi started rubbing Ryokos neck. The whole time
the nurse kept
taking notes. Suddenly Tenchis neck started to twitch and the last thing
Ryoko saw was a
bulging vein on his forehead before he pulled the space pirates head
clean off, or not so
clean. The nurse finished the notes and told Tenchi to come back tomorrow
for more.
“Hmmmmmmmm....... I’ll just have Mihoshi drive me.”
Tenchi went home and slept, the next morning Mihoshi came over and picked
Tenchi up.
'This was really nice of you Mihoshi! Since Ryoko signed me up for this I
have to finish
the week of drugs out.' Tenchi explained.
'It's no problem Tenchi! Really!' She giggled as she peeked over and
wondered to herself,
You guessed it.....How to get Tenchi’s Big Johnson!!!!
When they arrived they didn't even wait, Tenchi and Mihoshi went straight
back and into
the same room.
Tenchi was told to strip all of his clothes and Mihoshi refused to leave
then.
'Ok take your pick...' The same choice of pills and the same nurse.
Tenchi grabbed a
random pill and suddenly wondered why he was asked to strip!
Why was he asked to strip anyway??? Suddenly it was as if he would read
everyone’s
mind, The nurse was thinking to herself how impressive Tenchi was and
Mihoshi was
wondering if he had God in his pants.
Suddenly the voices got louder and louder, and then Tenchi ran over and
grabbed one of
the doctors packages of gauze and rammed it down the nurses throat
suffocating her
without even thinking twice. Then he walked over to Mihoshi who was quite
frightened
now and just stood in front of her. Mihoshi didn't move, suddenly Tenchi
grabbed her by
the breasts and threw her onto the exam table where he put her feet into
the bracers and
tore off all of her clothes.
Tenchi was now chanting what she wanted to hear, “I’ve got God in my
pants!” over and
over. Mihoshi who was quite excited now began fondling her body trying to
further turn
Tenchi on.
Tenchi quickly grabbed all of the surgical instruments he could find and
started ramming
them into Mihoshi who soon blead to death.
Tenchi then left and when he got home asked Kyone to give him a ride
tomorrow.
The next day it was a new nurse (what else the old one is dead!!!) and
the same selection
of pills. This time Tenchi was drooling while picking at the pills, he
managed to pop one
into his mouth and put most of the rest in his pockets while Kyone
flirted with he nurse.
All the sudden when he looked at Kyone he saw a monster, continuously
changing shapes
and colors. So Tenchi did the only humane thing....he found the closest
metal pipe and
beat Kyone’s brains in. He kept hitting her until the steel pole was so
far buried into his
skull it was irremovable.
Tenchi giggled insanely and went home.
The next day him and Sasami walked to the doctors office together.
When they got there Sasami hid behind a curtain to watch as Tenchi got
undressed for
the tests, with her hand up her little dress she was wondering...yah yah
yah we all know
by now...How to get his Big Johnson!!!!
After Tenchi popped the pill marked 'Anti-Vampirism' Sasami decided to
suprise him
while the nurse took the pills away and walked out from behind the
curtain totally naked.
Tenchi quickly looked over and grinned, he walked over and grabbed her
feeling her
young body all over just before he bit into her neck and sucked all of
her blood out.
The next morning Tenchis testing was over, but he still had some pills
he'd stolen from
the other day.
He popped one labeled 'Viagra' just before Ayeka brought him his morning
tea.
'Hey Ayeka....commere!!!' Tenchi ordered uniting her robes.
'Ohh lord Tenchi!' Ayeka yelled as his hand slid up her leg.
Tenchi and Ayeka were soon in his bed with clothes on the floor and Ayeka
wondering
how she got  Tenchi’s Big Johnson?!?!
After the climax had come and gone Ayeka was screaming and Tenchi still
going.
'NO STOP TENCHI ENOUGH I CANT TAKE ANY MORE!!!!!!' Ayeka yelled.
'TOO BAD BITCH!!!!!!! HERES ALL THE SEX YOU EVER WANTED YOU LITTLE
WHORE!!!!' Tenchi yelled at her.
Before long Ayeka had died, screwed to death.
Then Tenchi left the body in his bed and popped a handful more pills.
'Hmmmmmmmmmm what next???' He wondered.
He started walking aimlessly around the house totally naked until he came
to the kitchen
where he picked up a potato peeler and a bottle of bleach.
Thats when his dad got home.
'TENCHI!!!! show some decency son!!! theres ladies in this house now!'
Were Nobukis
last words before Tenchi took the potato peeler to his fathers face.
Peeling to the
BONE!!!!!!
Then he grabbed the ivory hilted BUTTER-KNIFE!!!
He took the butter-knife and the bleach and left the room.
He shoved the last of his pills in his mouth and quickly searches his
pockets for more.
'DAMN I'M OUT!!!!!!'
'hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..............' Tenchi said as he got a maniacal grin
on his
face.
'Oh Washu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!' Tenchis innocent sounding voice rang out in
the scientists lab.
'Yes Tenchi???' Washu with one U Answered.
'Do you have any of those experimental drugs here???' He Answered. All
the sudden his
eyes bulged out of their sockets (which is unusual for an anime
character) as he saw
Washu with the biggest bong he ever saw in the middle of her lab, she was
using a
baseball bat to pack the weed.
'DEAR GOD WASHU THATS A LOTTA CANNABIS!!!!!!' He called it that because
he
was still half high on the pills.
'Well help me will ya???' Washu yelled at him as she stuffed more weed
into the bong.
Tenchi grinned wildly as he snuck up behind the mad scientist and got his
lighter out of
his pocket.
'Sure Washu, with one U, I’ll help you....' Suddenly Tenchi beaned Washu,
with one U,
upside the head with the baseball bat and threw her into the bong with
the weed. Tenchi
then light the bong up and started smoking.
Later after 98 pounds of weed and one mad scientist named Washu, with one
U, Tenchi
went to find his grandpa, his dear old loving grandpa.
'Hey grandpa....' Tenchi yelled as he stumbled into the shrine where his
grandpa was
smoking his pipe. 
'Hey wait a second....that isn’t tabaco.....GRANDPA YOU’VE GOT (yep you
guessed
it....WEED!!!!). wow grandpa I didn't know you got smoked up...' Tenchi
giggled and
tried to take the pipe to get a hit but his grandpa clubbed him upside
the head with his
wooden sword.
'Come on grandpa....I want a hit!!!!' Tenchi yelled.
'mmmmm...NO!!!!!!!' His grandfather yelled back at him.
'Damnit grandpa gimmie some weed!!!'
'mmmmm...NO!!!!!!!' His grandfather repeated.
'Thats it!!!!! Die you old fart!!!!!' Tenchi exclaimed as he jumped
behind his grandfather
and slit his throat with the butter-knife quickly grabbing the pipe and
smoking it all.
Tenchi smiled having killed everyone in his family  and decided to have a
cookout. He
gathered up Washu with the one ‘U’ , his father, Ayeka, and grandfather.
He threw them
on a big grill he made in the garden and cooked them all to a golden
brown. He enjoyed
his meal but he didn’t have anything to drink. He went into the kitchen
and saw the bottle
he had brought in there and took a big swig. “Mmmmmmmmm......... nummy.”
was the
last thing he said.
The last thing Tenchi saw before he died was clean freshly bleached
floors and
something white and pasty coming out of his mouth.

        And the moral is............ Washu’s name is spelled with only
one ‘U’ Damnit! Get
it straight or a plague of locusts will rain down upon you from the
heavens.

        Ok people here we go again...... It’s me Ray! This isn’t the
first time I have
written a story like this and have it put on here but for my friend it
is. His name is Steve
and he wrote me after reading ‘What the Hell Is This’ Wanting to co-write
a story with
me and this is what we came up with. As usual Send your comments to me at
Goku89@juno.com and be sure to send them also to 
washu.masaki@mailexcite.com 
That’s Steve’s address. And Be sure to visit my website at:
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Palace/6367/

And visit his at: http://www.icontechnical.net 
And always remember the chickens are planning a revolt so kill all you
see. 
