Disclaimer : I'm poor , so don't bother suing . I only own my original
characters . Hell, I don't even own some of them , heh . I don't own any of
the Tenchi, Pretty Sami, Tenchi Universe , or Shin Tenchi characters that
might make an appearance since AIC laid them off.

Tenchi Masaki woke up to the sight of two ample breasts floating in the air
just above his face . Any other teenaged boy on the planet would have yelped
for joy and wrapped his lips around one of the stiffening nipples . After a
month of seeing this the first thing every morning though , Tenchi had
gotten used to it . After several months of it , Tenchi was annoyed Good
morning, Ryoko , and read my lips : NO WAY! " " He pulled the pillow over
his face.

"Aw c'mon, Tenchi, it's time for breakfast. And milk is one of the four
basic food groups..." "I said NO!" "Your lips may say no, but this doesn't
." Ryoko stroked the bulge in the middle of Tenchi's blanket . Tenchi swung
at Ryoko with the pillow , she levitated up to the ceiling . " That has
nothing to do with you . I have to pee , okay? Can I at least have that much
privacy ?" " Suit your self , but I know you still want me . And I'll be
right here when you're ready ..."

NOT IF I HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY ABOUT IT !! " Even though Aeka's voice came
through the door , it was loud enough to hurt Tenchi's ears . " If you lay
one finger
on Lord Tenchi , I'll make you pay dearly for it ! " " Excuse me , while I
say good morning to Her Royal Heinie ." Ryoko slipped through the door . "
Tell you what , Princess ," Tenchi heard Ryoko through the door , " you can
either suck on these or kiss THIS ! " Tenchi ran to the bathroom just in
time .

If he'd stayed in bed , he would have been nailed by the bedroom door ,
which Ayeka blasted off its hinges trying to attack Ryoko . With the
uneventful morning out of the way , He strolled out of the bathroom , dodged
there energy attacks and sat down to breakfast ." Good morning everyone " he
said walking down the stairs . " Good morning " Everyone said (except for
Ayeka and Ryoko of course)." Today's menu is meso soup , rice and omelets "
Sasami said carrying out the tray.

" Why so small Sasami " Washu said looking at the small spread . " well if
Miss Ryoko would stop sneaking out food in the middle of the night, there
would be more ". With that they ate breakfast, and Sasami picked up the
dishes and everyone went there separate ways . (We wont worry about where
everyone else is going, we'll just fix ourselves on

Tenchi ....what do you say ). Today was an extra special day, Washu had a

plot to get that *sample* from Tenchi ....... and it just might work . Washu
opened her lab door just in time to see Tenchi at the foot of the stairs . "
Tenchi , I need your help on an experiment " she called from the door way ."
Of course Little Washu " he said visibly gulping . They both walked through
the door of the lab and into the main area .

" What can I help you with ? " He asked not altogether ready for the answer
. " All you have to do is take this " she said holding out a yellow pill
with a crab on it .

" What will it do " he said recoiling from the pill ." Its a neural
stimulant , it will help you understand the light hawk wings " she said
holding it out further . " Well if its for that , O.K. " he said taking the
pill and swallowing it in one gulp . A few seconds later he felt

*weird* . " Are you feeling it yet ? " she asked "What is this ? " He asked
. " Oh its a stimulant all right , a sexual stimulant ..... it lowers
susceptibility by 70% ." she said in a sultry tone " It also lowers thought
the neural pathways of the brain blah blah blah ..........." Tenchi’s was

really getting dizzy.....but the weirder part was , it was gradually
dissipating. it was being replaced with an urge for SEX .

" Oh , well it looks like I don’t have to command you to do anything " she
said being pushed towards the table .

Tenchi then threw off his shirt , and began to take off his pants . Soon ,
Tenchi was nude . Washu allowed him to undress her . He kissed her , holding
the kiss as he unbuttoned her shirt. Tenchi got to Washu's lacy bra, and
unfastened it .

He took her right nipple in his mouth , and sucked gently , as he worked on
her skirt . Washu moaned at the attention Tenchi was giving her , and
stroked him . Tenchi grunted as he worked her skirt off , and then pushed
her panties off . He slipped two fingers inside of her , and she moaned .
Washu flipped over , so Tenchi was on the floor . She placed a hand on his
chest , and kissed him . Tenchi lifted her up and positioned her above his
member .

Washu lowered herself slowly , allowing him to enter her gently . She
crooned as Tenchi slid in until Washu enveloped his member entirely . Once
Tenchi was firmly nestled in her , Washu licked her fingers , and began to
play with her nipples , as Tenchi watched . Then , Washu maneuvered herself
so that her quivering breast was touching Tenchi's lips . Taking the cue ,
Tenchi opened his mouth , and began to suck . Washu slowly began to move her
hips , he resumed pumping , more of his own instincts than his choice .

Washu tilted her head back , and cried out loudly as she reached her climax
. This was too much for Tenchi's self control . Without warning , he arched
his hips further towards Washu , and came . This last , drove Washu over the
edge , her millennia of celibacy causing her to orgasm herself . The two lay
down besides each other , basking in the afterglow . " So how was it " he
panted " incredible " she huffed out . " Oh Tenchi "she said , "Tenchi"
"Yes"



" what will we tell the others " she asked . " can we worry about that in
the morning " he said . " sure " was the last thing she said before she
succumbed to sleep .Tenchi spent the rest of the day asleep next to her .

                    But this day could cost him his life





Authors Notes (A.N.)

Wow.... did I just do that. incredible, well I hope you liked it as much as
I enjoyed writing it . if anyone , I mean anyone need my help on a fan fic
I’m always here . just give me characters and plot and ill give you a story
in two days .

no bullshit ..... email me with comments at komobito@communicomm.com .

later

p.s. I did get help on this fic his name Is Patrick Drazen his email address
is

( dungeonwonk@yahoo.com ). Thanks J