Disclaimer: All of the characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  This story
is also a lemon, so for all of those who are under 18 leave now.  You have
been warned.  This is my first attempt at this, so any correspondence to
this can be sent to: brainiac13@hotmail.com.

Washu’s Roses

                      Whew! Another hard day out at the fields has come to a
close.  I feel so tired, and yet I still have to go out and do so many
things, most of all get the “thing” I told myself to get.  Ugh, so fatigued,
yet so far behind on my list of “things-to-do”.  One, however, is to avoid
Ryoko and Ayeka’s constant bickering over me.  I hate that sometimes, you
know.  It’s something I can never get them to stop doing.  If only I can
summon a fireball..............Nah.
                      There they go again.  I can hear it all the way from
here.  I’m not even near the door and it’s starting.  Gosh, can’t they give
it a rest? Take a breather or something? I can’t get over the endurance they
have over fighting the same fight day in and day out.   Do they care that
much, or do they both have a sadistic side that loves to fight, especially
if the topic is the same on both counts? Who knows? They’re women, hard to
fathom at times, and a complete enigma.  I love them, anyway.
                      I opened the door and entered my home, only to get
bombarded by shouts and declarations of, “He’s mine, you stuck-up royal
pain-in-the-ass!!!!”, or, “Leave my Tenchi alone, you slutty space-pirate!”.
It never changes, gets old, or loses its flavor – at least with them two.
Ryoko and Ayeka did not even notice me go by them ( so, there is a first
time for everything! ) as I made a B-line straight for my room.  I got
there, changed clothes, and headed for the door.  Right when I felt my
fingers graze the knob, it happened.  Ryoko finally noticed me and came at
me like a bat out of hell.  She grabbed me before I can get out of there,
pressing her curvaceous figure against me and squeezing me as if tomorrow
would never come.  God, she felt good, especially when her two “friends”
made their “lasting impressions”.  If I didn’t get tired of their fighting
and destructive nature, I might take more time to notice these things.
                      “Hello, my Tenchi.”, she whispered.
                      “Hey, Ryoko.”
                      “Where are you going?”
                      “Out to do some things.  Why?”
                      “Why go? Don’t you want to stay?”
                      “Love to, but I have to do this.  I’ll be back, OK?”
                      “If you must.  I’ll be waiting.”, she said
suggestively, grabbing my crotch playfully as she did so.  Ayeka caught wind
of this and, well, you get the idea.  As soon as it started – again – I ran
out of there.  Don’t look back, I told myself, just don’t look back.
                      I finally made it into town and headed for the first
flower shop I could find.  I entered the store and looked around for the
perfect bouquet of deep-red roses.  As luck would have it, my search ended
as quickly as it began.  There they were, red, full-bloom, soft to the
touch, and MINE, ALL MINE!!!!!!!!!! Once I regained my composure, I grabbed
them and went to pay for them at the counter.  A cute, white teddy bear also
caught my attention.  I thought, “What the hell? It couldn’t hurt, could
it?”.  Confirming to myself that it wouldn’t, I placed the roses and the
bear on the counter, paid for them both, and headed for home.
                      The journey was quiet, peaceful, and relaxing – unlike
anything I experience at home nowadays.  I made my way up to the door and
BAM!!! I got hit with a flying projectile named Ayeka.  God, this hurts, I
thought, as we slid down the walkway and got completely dirty.  I have to
admit, for a petite frame, she hurts when she’s airborne.  Noticing that her
landing pad happened to be a person, Ayeka, in her most regal manner, picked
herself up and dusted off her robes.  She then became very apologetic
towards me.  She also didn’t see the roses or bear I had brought home with
me.  I wondered how she missed that.
                      “I’m sorry, Lord Tenchi.  I didn’t mean
to........Well, Ryoko and I were, well, um,.............Anyway, she got a
cheap shot in, and......”
                      “It’s OK.  Let me get my things and get cleaned up.”
                      “See what you did, Ryoko? Now you got Lord Tenchi and
me absolutely filthy.  Prepare to defend yourself, you barbaric savage!!!!”
                      “Bring it on, Miss Prissy Bitch!!!!!”, Ryoko
exclaimed.
                      Round Whatever rang through my brain as I let the
“cats” have their “fight”.  Always the opportunist, I ran into the house,
said hello to everyone in a hurry, got naked in a flash, and headed for the
onsen.  AAAAAAHHHHHH, what a feeling, I thought silently to myself as I let
the warmth blanket me and wash away all of my troubles.  I’m glad Ayeka and
Ryoko didn’t notice my roses and bear.  What surprises me even further is
the fact that they didn’t notice that my hands were full of things meant for
neither one of them.  This bath seems to wash away a lot of things, but not
the way I feel for someone.  Someone in this house.  Someone who has had a
clamp on my heart for what feels like an eternity.
Someone who will know how I feel – TONIGHT.
                      I played out the scenario in my head numerous times.
I planned on a romantic dinner, soft candlelight glowing against the night
sky, hands locked in a loving hold, eyes fixed on nothing but each other,
and Father Time stopping his steady pace just for us.  Then I wondered how
Ryoko and Ayeka would feel.  They’d be miffed, to say the least.  I have to
do what’s right for me, not what gets approval.  Why was it so complicated?
I guess that’s life in a nutshell.
                      The heat was working its magic on me when I heard
someone come in.  Damn, I’m not alone, I thought.  I figured it was Grandpa
or Dad coming in, so I didn’t give it much thought until I heard humming.
Her humming.  Oh, God, can it be? WASHU!!!! She’s here.
                      “Hi, Tenchi.  Do you mind if I......?”
                      “Uh, no, not at all.  Who am I to tell a goddess no?”
                      “You’re so sweet.  Thanks, Tenchi.”
                      Man, the way she said my name gave me chills.  None of
the other women gave me these chills, no matter what they did.  Yeah, each
had their attractive qualities: Ryoko with her seductive tendencies, Ayeka
with her royal innocence, Sasami with her big, pink eyes and cute voice,
Mihoshi with her bumbling ways, and Kiyone with her commitment and
seriousness.  Washu, however, had the total package, and the red hair to
match – OOH.  I thought back to all of those moments she penetrated my
imagination with her love, her lust, her whole being.  Now, she’s in the
onsen, and I’m dumbfounded, speechless, motionless.  And erect.  Oh, no, the
dead giveaway to my desire is in full bloom and ready to play.
                      “Tenchi, will you get me another towel?”
                      Oh, no, Washu, not that.  I can’t get out with my
manhood as hard as steel.  She did this on purpose, I thought.  She must’ve
heard me thinking and was trying to bust me.  She wanted to see it and
giggle the cute giggle that only she possessed.
                      “Who am I to tell a goddess no?” That question rang
true to my ears and brain loud and clear.  I wished secretly for the ability
to retract that statement, but knew I could not.  Damn her for that request.
  Then I got an idea to make us both happy.
                      “OK, but can you turn around? I wish to be presentable
for this.” Good, turn on the shy technique, wussy.
                      “Fine, although I’ve seen it more times than I can
recall.”
                      “ You what? You have? You mean..........”
                      “Tenchi, I’ve had my eye on you for the longest time.
I have studied you and watched you as you’ve slept and lived for as long as
I can remember.  Do you think getting out of the onsen to get a towel
requires presentability? I knew you were shy, but please, don’t flatter me
too much.
                      “Nothing gets by you, does it, Little Washu?
                      “Nope.  Now, about the towel............”
                      “Oh, right.” Damn, I was red.  My face felt nothing
but embarrassment at those words.  She HAD seen me. What did she think? Was
she impressed? I know I’m not extremely hung, but I got enough for the job,
and for my size, I think it’s impressive.  Did she, though? What did she
think – of it, I mean? What did she think of ME? Man, I want to know.  I
want to know so badly.  I shot back to reality and got out of the onsen to
get the towel, neglecting to cover up at all.  I didn’t have too far to go
considering I brought extras just in case.  Then I felt her, her eyes,
moving up and down my body, and then I felt her smile at me.  Is she really
smiling at me? Then it was confirmed when I turned around and saw her right
behind me.  Damn the goddess’ powers!!! I didn’t hear her at all.  Then she
spoke softly to me.
                      “I know what you’re thinking.  So much self-doubt and
worry in a man.  In you.  To assure you of one thing, I’m VERY impressed.
Question is, have you ever, well, you know,..........?”
                      “No, not yet.  I’m waiting for the right moment.”
                      “Was that the reason for the roses and bear?”
                      “You know, huh? Those were a surprise for, well, you.”
Damn, she knew that, too.  I can’t keep anything from her, not even
surprises.  How could I ever love her completely without some form of
suspense?
                      “Sorry.  I planned a nice evening for us, and those
were two of the highlights for it.  The dinner and-“
                      “Candlelight and night sky, locked hands, yes, I
know.”, Washu interjected.
                      “Well, that settles it.  I guess I have to come up
with something else.”
                      “No, you don’t.  You already gave me those things just
by doing them in your mind.  The best gifts you can give to me are all in
your heart.  You gave them to me every time you played the thoughts out in
your head.  Although, I can summon the real things if you like.”
                      “That would be nice, except we’re in the------“
                      No sooner did I start that statement that the room
changed.  The mood changed.  Hell, I changed! I was wearing a white polo
shirt, blue dress slacks, and black socks and shoes.  The area was dark as
night save for the two candles illuminating our presence.  The food was
already gone, but the plates were still there.  The teddy bear and roses I
purchased for Washu were also there, near my hand ready to give to my true
love.  She was stunning, dressed in a simple black evening gown with
spaghetti straps and high heels.  The kicker – she was a full-blown,
voluptuous, sexy, flawlessly made-up adult Washu!! Nothing little about her
– she was grown and drop-dead gorgeous!! For one of the many times in my
life, I was there, unable to speak, unable to move, except able to stare and
get lost in her infinite green eyes.
                      I wanted this to be this way forever.  If this was
Heaven, let me never come back.  Just forward my mail to me here.
                      “Well, do you like it?”, she whispered to me.
                      Nothing from me.  Just wonder and disbelief written
across my face.
                      “Hello? Is this what you wanted to give me?”
                      I snapped out of it and calmly said,”Yes, many times
over.”
                      “Well, this is your vision.  I just recreated it from
what I saw.  This is everything you wanted to give me, isn’t it?
                      “Well, not exactly..........”
                      “What are we missing? You have me, I have you.”
                      “Not yet, but on that subject........”, I said, as I
stretched across the table and leaned into Washu.  She leaned into me, and
at the halfway point, it happened.  I kissed her, softly, sweetly, lovingly.
  She reciprocated the kiss with one softer than anything I can ever
imagine.  I broke it off and kissed her chin, cheeks, and forehead.  She
caressed my cheek and guided my lips back to hers.  We kissed and allowed
our mouths to open, exploring each other with our tongues performing a
synchronized dance to a melody only we can hear.  I ran my fingers through
her fiery-red hair, silky to the touch and remarkably long.  She ran her
fingertips barely through mine, sending chills throughout my entire body.
The pleasure she gave me from that alone almost sent me over.  We broke the
kiss, much to my displeasure, and found ourselves in my room.  To be more
direct, on my bed.  To be even more direct, as naked as the day I was born.
She was fully clothed, though, and for some strange reason, I didn’t mind so
much.  Then, after realizing where we were, I began to wonder if we were
going to be heard doing what I thought – OK, prayed – we were going to do.
                      “Um, Lady Washu, do you think we can be alone?”,
voicing my concern not to sound too desperate.
                      “OK, one sec.”  Her holo-top came out, and after
pressing a few keys, she nodded saying, “It’s done.  We’re completely
soundproof.”
                      “Thank you, Lady Washu.  Now, where were we?.......”
                      I kissed her again, allowing my tongue to play with
the roof of her mouth and across her teeth.  Those got a soft moan out of
her.  I upped the ante by withdrawing my tongue and began sucking on her
lower lip, tracing my tongue along it as I went.  To my delight, she enjoyed
it, moaning a bit louder and letting her hands say more than her mouth was
able to – at least for the moment.  She ran her soft hands down my back,
chest, and legs.  She also got me to lie down on the bed, breaking the kiss
and asking me to lie still.  I did as instructed, but something told me that
I would not be able to for long.
                             As I watched from my current position, she ran
the tip
of her tongue along my neck, down my throat, across my collarbone, and onto
my chest.  I thought I was going to burst right then and there, but when she
took one of my nipples into her mouth and gently nipped at it, I thought for
sure I was going to blow – literally! Oh, what a pleasurable wave that was!!
She kept doing this to both nipples, alternating between the two, making
sure neither of the two were deprived of this wonderful feeling.  All the
while this went on, my throbbing dick was dying for some action.  It stood
at attention, awaiting its next command: at the same time, it was feeling
extremely left out.  Poor thing, I thought, what do I do? Nothing, for as
soon as she stopped playing with my nipples, she kissed down my stomach and
hit paydirt!! She said, “Close your eyes.  Think about what this will feel
like.  Get the thought into your head and don’t let it go.  Then, when
you’re ready, open them.”
                      As she said this, I closed my eyes.  I imagined a soft
warmth  completely washing over me.  I imagined the roses’ petals, soft and
frail to the touch yet so full of captivating beauty and essence.  I let my
mind wander to the texture of the petals, smooth and sensual, delicate and
satiny.  I let it go to so many places, until I found one in particular.
Then, I locked on it and opened my eyes.
                      Exactly as I had pictured it.  I imagined all of those
things as Washu’s mouth, which happened to be wrapped around my stiff
member.  She did that to trick me, so when she put her mouth upon me, I
wouldn’t go into shock.  It worked very well because here I was, massive
hard-on in mouth, getting my first blowjob by a goddess.  A GODDESS!!!! One
who I love deeply and would give life and limb for.
                      Her mouth wrapped around me and slowly went down my
entire shaft in one motion.  I cried out in ecstasy as the feeling
overwhelmed me.  She then grasped it with her right hand and starting
jerking it while the head was still in her mouth.  Her lips started to suck
heavily as her jerking kept at a slow pace, pleasing and torturing me all at
once.  I was squirming around like a worm on a hook with all of these
wonderful feelings soaring through me.  She knew it, too – little vixen.  I
felt an indescribable pressure surging through my swollen dickhead demanding
its release.  It was building up without any relief in sight, except in
Washu’s mouth.  I tried to warn her, but moans of pleasure overtook my vocal
cords.  My eyes shut tightly as I felt myself ready to explode, and as her
actions had no end in sight, my pleasure from this did.
                      “WWWWAAAAAAASSSSSSSHHHHHHHHUUUUUU!”,
I screamed out as load after hot, sticky load came out of me and into her
mouth.  She made no attempt to move or stop as I kept releasing what felt
like buckets of hot, sticky cum into her awaiting orifice.  I felt her
tonsils work overtime to catch it all and savor every drop I had to give.
Her swallowing was icing on the cake for me.  I lay there, shivering and
panting heavily as my orgasm went into aftershock mode.
                      “Were you saving all of that for me?”, she questioned
lovingly, enjoying my facial expression when that question rang through my
ears.  I couldn’t speak.  I didn’t want to, either.  I was afraid of what
would come out if I did.  Just smiling was the best response I could give.
                      “My, if I knew that, I would’ve gotten a hold of you
sooner.  I almost didn’t get it all.  It was very tasty, though.  Thank
you.”
                      My answer was the same smile I wore from the previous
question.  However, I did manage to gesture for her to come and stand in
front of me.  I straightened up as she approached me and stood there,
waiting, wanting, and longing for me to do whatever I want to her.  As she
stood there, I stood in front of her and cupped her beautiful face in my
hands.  Leaning into her, I kissed her lips softly, then unzipped her dress
and slid it slowly off of her body.  To my surprise, there was nothing
underneath the dress she wore.  To my delight, she looked damn hot in
nothing but heels and a body to die for.  I took care not to go too fast as
I wanted this to last for as long as possible.  I took my fingertips and ran
then down the length of her back as my tongue, with the tip firmly held in
place by my teeth and lips, worked small circles around her jugular, neck,
and collarbone.  I felt her shake and heard her whisper out, “Oh, Tenchi,
please make this last forever.  Make me lose complete control with you.
Please, make love to me,.........now,.........please.......”
                      “I am.  This is only the beginning.  If you think this
will send you over the edge, I will have to do other pleasurable things to
you to permanently burn my name in your memory.”
                      “You have done so much to show your love for me.  Now
I want you to plunge your rock-hard prick deep inside of me.  Don’t keep me
waiting much longer, Tenchi.”, she begged.  Her deep-green eyes were shot
with hunger, screaming with desire, longing for insertion.  I have to have
her hold out.  There are so many things I’ve yet to do to her.
                      “Fine.  You can have me inside of you – once I do
this......”, I whispered to her as I guided her to the bed and laid her
down.  My hands wandered all over her body, and as I did so, her eyes grew
hungrier, and her patience grew shorter.  I decided what to do next.
Letting my head guide me, I kissed her all over and treated each rock-hard
nipple to a tongue lashing she’ll never forget.  Her moans got louder and
her breathing got heavier as she was treated to this sensual punishment I
made her undergo.  After a few moments of this, I trickled small kisses down
her abdomen till I reached her sopping wet snatch, patched with a very well-
trimmed red mound of fur.  I savored the odor of her sex as I parted her
lips with my tongue and slid it slowly inside of her.  Her hips bucked
wildly as I drove my tongue in and out of her hole, banging my nose on her
swollen clit as I did so.  Her legs spread wider as she started to lose
control of her voice and hands, yelling louder and louder with each thrust
and pushing my head closer and closer to her drowning cunt.
                      “Oh, Tenchi, oh, oh, ummm, uuuuuummmmmmm....”, she
managed to say as I fucked her silly with my tongue.  Her body started to
convulse, letting me know that she was near her breaking point.  Her dam was
about to burst, and as I knew this, I kept the pace going and I kept her
torturous pleasure soaring to new heights.  Then, as with all things, it
came to an end as all I heard was my name screamed out louder than I ever
heard it,

“TTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCHHHHHHHIIIII............................................”
Then, a convulsion of massive proportions occurred.  Her body shook
violently, and her legs closed together with so much force that I thought my
head would pop like a balloon.  The wave of ecstasy converted to liquid form
as I lapped every drop of her sweet cum flowing from her damp pussy.  She
recovered remarkably quickly as my licks made her ticklish to the sensation.
  I felt a warm feeling all over when her orgasm hit with as much force as
an A-Bomb.  She then looked at me with those sexy green eyes and kissed me
so deeply that I thought I would drown in its depths.  I kissed her back
just as hard, and then I realized that a new warmth overtook me.
                      While I kissed her, she grabbed my still-hard cock and
slid it by the entrance of her sex.  She looked at me with that “I can’t
wait any longer” look and threw me on top of her, causing my bone to be
completely buried in her hole.  What a tight feeling this was, I thought,
but then I thought, did that hurt her? Her answer was a single tear falling
from her eye and down her cheek.  I kissed it away and asked her, “Why did
you do that?  Didn’t that hurt?”
                      “After so many millennia without it, it would hurt
you, too.”
                      “I don’t want to hurt you, though.”
                      “It hurts because I forced it inside of me, not you.
I want it, Tenchi.  I want you to FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME – NOW!!!!”
                      “Yes, Lady Washu.....”, was all I could muster as I
started to go slowly into and out of her.  I saw the tear and it freaked me
out, but after that last statement, I knew it was all right.  Then lust took
over me and I went faster into her, pounding into her tight hole and moaning
in sync with her.  These feelings were all brand new to me, but from the way
I was moving, I acted like an experienced lover.  I was caring enough
towards her feelings, but I acted like an animal.  My dick pounded her
silly, and she enjoyed every moment of it.  She screamed out my name each
and every time an orgasm washed over her, and she clawed me and scarred me
with her scratches and vampire-like bites.  She was edging me on for my
release, but I didn’t want to just yet.  My own dam was on the brink of
destruction, and when she came again for the umpteenth time, her pussy lips
and muscles gripped my cock like a vise.  That did it for me as I screamed
out loud and felt loads upon loads of warm, gooey semen shoot out from my
dick into her warm slit.  She felt it, too, and started to aftershock from
the new warmth her cunt was now being filled with.  Too exhausted to move,
and too pleased to care, we locked in a kiss and before you know it, The
Sandman came knocking and hit us both on the head.  The last thing I
remember  from that night was saying, “I love you, Lady Washu.”
                      “I love you, too, Lord Tenchi.” Hmm, I liked the sound
of that, coming from her.
                      The next morning, Washu woke up to a pleasing scene.
She had breakfast already set in her lap, complimented by a note, saying,
“I’ll be back to finish the job.  Here are the things I wanted to give you.
Aishiteru, Washu-Chan....................Tenchi.”
                      There, by her bedside, were the teddy bear and the
roses I had so longed to give her.  She gave a loud sigh and shed nothing
but happy tears as she ate.

-------------FIN-------------