It was a Tuesday evening and a certain scientist was happily typing away on her
computer. It was insanely dark outside for this time of the evening, with thunder and
lightning dominating the sky. Everybody had left to go visit Tenchi, who was currently
living in Tokyo. Everyone that is except for Washu. But being home alone in the huge
house didn't bug the pink haired woman one bit. In fact, she was glad to have some time
alone. For once, she'd be able to work with out hearing Ayeka and Ryoko's constant
quarrels in the back round of everything. Over all, she enjoyed this rare moment of 
peace
very much. 
Washu smiled to herself as her fingers raced over the translucent keyboard faster
than humanly possible. She'd been working ever since they'd left. Maybe in a few minutes
she'd take a nice long shower... Yes a shower sounded nice to her. Then she'd get back 
to
work....  God, the peace was relaxing, but little did the genius know, the peace was 
going
to be broken, quite soon in fact..... in the most surprising way....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tenchi smacked his hands to the sides of his head and groaned. He paced back and
forth across his bedroom  with frustration. Ayeka was sitting quietly his bed, her hands 
in
her lap, her head bowed in shame. Ryoko was hovering about a foot away from Tenchi,
her hands behind her back, her face a dark crimson from embarrassment. 
"Tenchi, we're sorry...." came the sweet innocent voice of Sasami, her pink eyes shining
with guilt. Tenchi glanced at her briefly and then continued pacing.
"It's not your fault Sasami..... It's just.... How am I going to get back to our house 
in
time.... Sakuya could be there any minute!" Sasami sighed and took a seat next to Ayeka.
Ryoko blushed slightly from her beloved's remark. "How am I going to get back
to our house?" He had said "our" right? Our... as in owning something together? Ryoko
smirked and used every ounce of self control she had not to pounce on him.... It was 
funny
really. Everything that he'd been saying and doing lately had increased her attraction 
for
him, dramatically! The smallest things he said, made her want him... More than usual. 
"Tenchi, Sakuya will understand. The weather is very bad and you have no way of getting
home just yet. The storm will clear soon. When it does, we'll get you back home right
away. Besides, it's not like Sakuya is going to an empty house. Miss Washu is there.
Remember? I'm sure Miss Washu will explain every thing to her." Said Kiyone from the
couch. 
Tenchi stopped pacing and put his arms down, his face dropped and he let out a
sigh of desperation. Kiyone's words had helped. And they had calmed him down some
what, but he still didn't like the thought of missing his first big dinner date with 
Sakuya,
what ever the reason. 
"Yeah I guess you're right Kiyone... It's just.... I was hoping tonight would be 
special.
You know?" he mumbled with disappointment clinging to each word that escaped his
throat. 
Kiyone bit her lower lip and looked down. Tenchi had been looking forward to this
evening for quite some time. He'd even made Ryoko and Ayeka promise to not do
anything drastic. She glanced at Mihoshi, who was sitting next to her. Mihoshi was
twirling a strand of platinum blonde hair with one long tan finger. She had a concerned
look on her face like she was trying with all her might to think of something to say.
Kiyone rolled her eyes.
"Oh Tenchi! Tonight could still be special!" said Ryoko as she snuck up behind him and
wrapped her arms around his neck from behind, resting her head onto his shoulder.
Tenchi's eyes became huge from shock and annoyance. Ryoko winked at him and hugged
him a little tighter. Suddenly Ayeka stood up and grabbed Ryoko by the hair and jerked
her backwards away from Tenchi. 
"You leave Master Tenchi alone! You hear me space demon!" she hissed in a high pitched
voice. 
Tenchi groaned and rubbed the temples on his forehead. He couldn't believe this!
He was supposed to be with Sakuya right now.. But instead he was having to witness a
demon and a princess fight over him... Sasami walked up to him and poked him once in
the side. He glanced down and she offered him a mug of coffee. He sighed again and took
the coffee.. 
"Thank you Sasami.." he muttered before taking a sip. He wasn't sure if they'd all 
survive
in this room through the entire storm, since Ryoko and Ayeka had already started
fighting... Tenchi just hoped that Sakuya would be okay....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Washu wrapped a white silky towl around her perfect still wet body. She'd already
dried her hair, but she decided to get dressed and finish drying off when she was back 
in
her lab. As she was about to step through and return to her lab, she heard someone
knocking at the door. 
She glanced outside through the window and indeed it was still black as tar out
there and the lightning and thunder were still feirce. Could Lord Tenchi have arrived 
home
through this weather so soon? Washu wasn't sure who it was exactly, but she decided to
answer the door anyways. 
"Hm..." she remarked in a curious tone as she walked to the door. She slowly opened the
door and a cold chill of wind struck her bare legs, arms, face, and whatever else wasn't
protected by the towel. She cringed slighlty from the cold but managed a polite, 
"Yes,  may I help you?" 
"Um... Yes.... Is this where Tenchi Masaki lives?" came a shuddering sweet voice.
Washu's eyes snapped open and she stared at the girl in front of her. She had short 
black
smooth hair and beautiful eyes. She was wearing black dress that went down to about six
inches above her knees. She was wearing a big puffy coat and she was shivering 
voilently. 
Washu blinked a few times to wake herself up out of the trance that the stranger
had put her through, and feeling her cheeks pinken just slightly, she remarked, 
"Yes this is. He's not home right now I'm afraid. I think he's still in Tokyo." The 
girl's
face darkened and a sad frown replace the once eager smile. 
"Oh....." she replied. Washu stared at her for a moment then smiled raising one hand in 
a
peace sign she said, "Well, why don't you come in until he gets here. We're expecting 
him
home as soon as this storm dies down. Please come in. It's freezing out there." The girl
stared at..Washu... for a moment, then smiled, nodded and stepped inside.
Little did Washu know that in doing a peace sign, she'd released a part of the
towel and had given Sakuya a perfect veiw of her tempting clevage. Sakuya's cheeks were
bright red, half from the cold outside, and half because seeing this strange pink haired 
girl
answer the door in nothing but a towel.... The sight had sent a tingle between her 
thighs. 
"You must be Sakuya. Tenchi never shuts up about you. Hehe." said Washu with a smirk.
She pointed with the hand that had done the peace sign, (still oblivious to her still 
revealed
cleavage) to a small peg for the girl to put her coat on.  Sakuya smiled and did so. 
Washu felt a shiver race down her back as she, with out meaning to, noticed how
the black gorgeous dress clung to Sakuya's perfectly firm ass... No wonder Tenchi likes
this girl, she thought. Washu ran a hand through her pink hair and started walking up 
the
stairs to a random bedroom. 
"I'll be right down.. Just.. make yourself at home Sakuya." she said without looking at 
the
girl. Washu walked into a random bedroom and released the towel completely. It slowly
slid down her body and then crashed to the floor. She shivered and began searching the
closet for clothes. She had to get dressed being that company was here now.... 

Sakuya smiled to herself as she stood there in the soundless house. It sure was a
nice house. Tenchi sure had good taste. Especailly this friend who was home. She had 
just
let Sakuya waltz right in with no questions asked. She'd also been very nice. Tenchi
certainly had impressive friends... Impressive for more than one reason... Sakuya ran 
one
hand through her hair and then glanced up at the stairs. Suddenly a thought struck her
mind like a bolt of lightning. 
" I don't even know this woman's name. If Tenchi comes home now and asks how I was,
I can't just say that the really-nice-woman-in-a-towel was most hospitable to me!" 
Sakuya
hesitated before making her way up the stairs. It was a minor thing to worry about. But
she had nothing better to do at the moment. Besides, maybe if she surprised Tenchi by
already being aquainted with one of his friends, it might impress him. She didn't see
anything wrong with finding out the woman's name, so she walked up the stairs silently. 
When walking down the hall a bit, after climbing all of the stairs, she stood in front
of the door she'd seen the woman go into. Then with out even know why, she straighened
out her dress, and her hair, smiled to herself and walked in. She didn't see anyone 
though,
yet she was sure she'd seen the woman walk into THIS room. She'd been watching her all
the way up the stairs for crying out loud! 
Sakuya glanced around the room with confusion and the door closed silently
behind her. 
"Hello?" she called, taking a few steps into the room... 

Washu walked out of the closet, only wearing a black silk thong and a matching
black bra. Sakuya was standing in the middle of the room. As soon as Sakuya saw Washu,
her eyes became huge and she couldn't help but check the scientist out. Washu blinked a
few times and then put her hands on her hips, a smile spread across her lips. She'd 
caught
Sakuya looking at her... And for reasons not even she knew at the time, she wanted to
play along with her.... It sounded fun.... 
Sakuya's heart beat was racing, and she could feel all of the blood rushing to her
cheeks. The tingle in between her thighs had gotten more intense. Her eyes traced over 
the
pink haired goddess' firm breasts and she could feel herself getting warm. Without 
another
hesitation she tore her eyes from the woman and spun around so that she was facing the
wall, her back to Washu.... 
"Oh. Um, sorry about that. I didn't mean to walk in on you dressing... It's just..." 
began
Sakuya in a shaky voice. She didn't like this weird feeling. She'd only felt it when she 
was
with Tenchi.... So... Why was she feeling it now? Sakuya was confused and hoped that the
hot feeling would go away as quick as possible.. However, Washu wasn't to see that it
would go away just yet....
Washu's own emerald eyes traced down Sakuya's back, stayed stuck onto her
perfect firm ass for a while, then explored down and up her legs. Washu was over come
with a very farmiliar feeling. She'd gotten this feeling a couple of times when doing
experiments on Tenchi, before he'd left for Tokyo. She could feel her own body
temperature rising and it intoxicated her... And the best part about it, was that she 
KNEW
that Sakuya felt it too. 
Slowly and stealthily Washu walked sexily up to Sakuya, still facing her back. She
stopped when she was less than an inch away from touching the girl. Her breasts brushing
against Sakuya's back. A tingle went down Sakuya's spine and she started breathing
heavily. 
"What is it you want, dear?" Washu asked in an increadibly seductive voice. Slowly
Washu slid her hands up the girl's back and then slowly began to massage it. Then as the
massage got a little rougher and less soft, she slowly started pressing herself closer 
to the
girl. 
Sakuya knew that she should just leave right now, but the goddess' touch was
intoxicating and it sent sexual shivers all through out her body. Slowly Sakuya spun
around to face Washu, her eyes huge. 
Washu didn't hesitate and she pressed herself against Sakuya roughly, knocking
Sakuya against the wall. She was face to face with Sakuya's lucious breasts. Slowly
Washu wrapped one leg around Sakuya's and slowly started moving up and down sending
a hot elecrical feeling through them both. Then, with out warning she grabbed the top of
the beautiful black dress and tore it from the body she so craved. Sakuya gasped from
surprise and sighed from her touch. She closed her eyes for a second and fought the ugre
to rip off the Washu's own bra and panties... The feeling was intense and wonderous.
The horny pink haired woman slowly slid her hands up Sakuya's stomach and then up
under her bra. She traced Sakuya's hard erected nipples with her thumbs and then slowly
started rubbing them with circular motions. Then she arched her back, arching herself
against the young girl further yet, and she let out a deep moan of sexual pleasure. 
Sakuya
moaned from her touch. That was it, she couldn't fight her lust any more. The sound of
the goddess' moan was more than enough to set her off. Sakuya wrapped her arms around
the short girl and pressed her lips against hers. Her tounge was in Washu's mouth before
she even knew it and she started massaging Washu's tounge with her own.. Washu
suddenly tore her hands out from under the bra, ripping it off of Sakuya in the process,
and wrapped her own arms around the tempting body. At the same time she wrapped both
of her legs around Sakuya's waist. Pressing her hot pussy against Sakuya's stomache.
Sakuya could feel Washu's heat against her bare skin and it sent a whole knew wave of
attraction through out her body. Her tounge started forking at Washu's in a huge mass of
rough passion, her hands pulling Washu against her. Washu started moving up and down
slightly rubbing their erected nipples together, and rubbing her wet hot pussy against
Sakuya's stomache. Sakuya moaned and then Washu took full controll of the kiss. She
thrust her tounge into Sakuya's delicate mouth and started exploring and molesting her
tounge with every ounce of passion she had. Sakuya, with Washu clinging to her and
setting off every pent up desire she'd had, suddenly lunged fore ward, causing them to
land on the bed in front of them... Washu was on her back and underneth Sakuya. Sakuya
tore her lips away from her partner and sat up suddenly. Then with out warning she 
ripped
off Washu's black bra and thrust her open pleading mouth against one of the hard bright
pink nipples. Washu moaned in extacy as Sakuya sucked hard on her nipple, every now
and then running her tounge over it, and then nibbling on it playfully. 
"Uhhhh....Oh...Sakuya.....Uhhh!" cried Washu as her playful partner ripped off her black
thong. Sakuya forced Washu's legs apart with her own knee, and then slowly ran her hand
down to her thigh. Then just as Sakuya started sucking Washu's pink nipple as rough as
she could, she thrust two fingers into Washu's hot wet sex. 
"OHH! SAKUYA!!!!!" Washu called out in a scream of pure erotic pleasure. She moaned
louder and louder and arched her back and begged for Sakuya to continue. Sakuya slowly
started moving her fingers in and out of her partner's pussy. Then she got faster and 
faster
and rougher and rougher. She added a third finger and switched to the other breast and
started sucking and licking it hungirly. Washu's head started thrashing from side to 
side,
while clutching Sakuya's head with her hands and pressing it against her breasts. 
Suddenly Sakuya slid her fingers out of Washu's sex and she slid her entire body
down Washu's. She tore her mouth off of Washu's pink erected hard nipple and started
moving up and down against her, moaning quiet deep lustful sighs into her hot flesh.
Slowly Sakuya made her way down... Now at the end of the bed, she stared down
hungirly at the freshly shaven hot wet pussy... Slowly Sakuya licked the three fingers
erotically that she'd used to explore her partner. Washu couldn't take the wait, she
WANTED Sakuya now! With out warning Washu wrapped her legs around Sakuya and
flipped her down onto her own back. Washu pounced on top of her, though Sakuya tried
to sit back up. Washu pinned her down so that Sakuya was in some what of an X shape..
Sakuya was breathing heavily.. Washu watched her breasts move up and down with each
breath... while licking her lips.
"Take me..." Sakuya said with a slight moan in her voice. Washu moved Sakuya's legs so
that they were resting on her shoulders and she stared hungirly at the pussy she'd been
craving since she'd answered the door. 
"Take me! Pleeeease! Oh pleeeeeease!" came Sakuya's cries of pure desire. Washu bent
down, forcing her head in between her partner's legs and she ran her tounge over
Sakuya's pussy. She started licking playfully and then gradually rougher and rougher,
while all the while, her hands were racing up and down Sakuya's thighs. Sakuya moaned
louder and louder, overcome with passionate desires. Sakuya started humping Washu's
face while rubbing her own erected nipples and during it all, shouting out screams of 
pure
pleasure and passion. Then suddenly, Washu thrust her tounge inside Sakuya's precious
sex, while at the same time, grabbed her ass and started feeling it up. Sakuya moaned
louder and louder. The noise itself was making Washu wet and hot... Slowly Washu
started swirling her tounge around in a circular motion while moving in and out of
Sakuya... She got rougher and explored fully her partner. 
Suddenly it happened. Sakuya let out a final moan of pure pleasure and she
cummed. The juices drenched Washu's face and Washu suckled, licked, and accepted
them hungirly. Washu ate her out for around fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes of pure sex
and desire. Once she was done Washu stood up on the bed, standing over Sakuya.
Sakuya's chest was going up and down and she was completely and totally out of breath..
Her eyes staring up into Washu's own emerald ones. Washu smiled and slowly sat down
on top of one of Sakuya's breasts. Sakuya let out a deep passionate sigh as she felt
Washu's pussy make contact with her erected nipple.  Washu started riding her and
moving her hips in a circular motion... Sakuya's hands stroked Washu's thighs and then
started massaging her firm tight ass. Washu moaned and started humping Sakuya's breast.
Then, slowly she slid her middle finger and her pointer finger back into Sakuya's hot
drenched pussy. Sakuya moaned and squeezed Washu's ass tightly. Washu, who was still
sitting on and humping the lucious breast, moaned and thrust her two fingers in deeper.
She started going in and out of Sakuya in a fast vibrant motion. Sakuya moaned again and
again, louder and louder. Suddenly Washu slid forward, now sitting on top of Sakuya's
head! Washu's hot wet pussy was only milimeters away from Sakuya's lips.... Sakuya
breathed hot air heavily onto Washu's pussy. Washu moaned from the hot warm air as it
struck her sex.. Washu thrust in a third finger and then a fourth, just at that moment,
Sakuya's tounge thrust into the pink haired goddess' pussy fast and roughly. Both girls 
let
out long screams of passion. Sakuya started moving her hips up and down, forcing
Washu's fingers to deeper and farther. Washu responded by pulling her fingers in and out
of her partner in fast quick motions. Sakuya moaned again, and swirled her tounge around
inside of Washu. Washu started humping Sakuya's tender face and the two stayed like that
for twenty-six minutes! Washu humping Sakuya's face, Sakuya humping Washu's hand.
The moans were awesome and as loud as the thunder outside. When suddenly Washu let
out the loudest scream... Cum poured from Washu's sex. So much came it drenched
Sakuya's black short hair, and filled her mouth... Sakuya ate Washu for what seemed like
hours. Though it was only around fifteen minutes. Suddenly Washu stood back up, getting
off of Sakuya's face, and she sat down NEXT to her. Sakuya sat up and stared into
Washu's emerald colored eyes. 
"I'm so tired now...." she said with a smile on her sweet sexy lips. Washu smiled back 
at
her partner and placed one hand on the side of her head. 
"Did Little Washu tire you out?" she said with a child like innocence. Sakuya stared at 
her
for a second in awe and then her eyes sparkled. So her name was, WASHU. Ironic really,
she'd gotten more then what she came up here for... And she was more than satisfied. She
would definately be able to tell Tenchi that she met Little Washu.... Though she 
wouldn't
go into any details... 
Sakuya nodded and wrapped her arms around Washu's waist. Washu put her other
hand on the other side of Sakuya's head and ran her hands through her short black hair.
Then, slowly Washu leaned forward and placed a sweet simple, but loving kiss upon her
lover's lips. Sakuya accepted the kiss happily and held Washu close. The two kissed
passionately for a while and then curled up on the very damp bed in a tight warm
embrace.... Pussy to pussy... breast to breast. Washu rested her head against Sakuya's
neck and Sakuya rested her chin on the top of Washu's head. Their arms wrapped around
one an other, their legs tangled together.... The lust had taken over both of them, and 
as
they slept soundlessly together... they wouldn't have changed one thing about what
happened.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(The Next Morning) Tenchi smiled as he hung up the phone in his bed room. His
dark eyes sparkling with relief. Ayeka and Ryoko were arguing and Mihoshi was still
asleep on the couch. Kiyone was drinking her fourth cup of coffee,  while Yosho and
Noboyuki were eating breakfast.
"Why are you so happy looking today Tenchi?" asked Sasami with a grin. Tenchi looked
down at the blue haired girl and smiled happily.
"As it turns out, Sakuya arrived at the house and became friends with Miss Washu. She
said that they got pretty close. Isn't that great Sasami? I was afraid that Washu would
scare Sakuya away or force her to be a guine pig or something. But, I guess I worried
about nothing after all." He remarked putting a hand behind his head. 
"That's great!" Sasami said with a giggle. 
"I know. I just got off the phone with her, she says she's going to hang around with
Washu a little longer and then she'll meet me here." Sasami smiled and started petting
Ryo-Oki who was in her arms nibbling on a carrot.
"I better start cooking. You never know if she'll be hungry when she gets here or not."
thought Sasami.... 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


