

Warning: If you are under 18 years of age or else you are confused and don't 
know your in the lemon section, please stop reading!

Disclaimer: None of the characters in "Tenchi Muyo" belong to me. Please don't 
sue me. I don't have enough money to eat.

Hello and welcome to my first Fanfic. I recently discovered TMFFA and I think 
its great! Enjoy!



Washu's Love Potion #26



					    Part #1



It was a fine spring day at the Masaki residence. Tenchi was in the fields 
pulling up carrots. Mihoshi was napping on the couch, and above her Ryoko was 
reading a comic book on her favorite beam. Kiyone was on patrol hoping that her 
supervisor wouldn't call and wonder where Mihoshi was. Sasami was washing the 
lunch dishes and daydreaming she was married to Tenchi. Ayeka was talking with 
Yosho at the shrine about a holiday that was coming up. And, of course, Little 
Washu was in her lab working on a super secret project. She sighed as she mixed 
potion number twenty-five. Last night she had been so hopeful about potion 
twenty-four. But five hours after she had slipped the yellow-blue powder into 
Tenchi's drink she had known that it was another dud. She sighed again and 
turned off the mixing machine. She supposed she would try once more if this one 
didn't work, but then she was through. There were other projects, after all. 
Even if this one would have such a great reward...

Tenchi grunted as he lifted the heavy basket of carrots. "Dammit", he mumbled," 
"why does Ryho-ohki have to eat so much". He began his walk back to the house. 
Suddenly he felt the air around him stir. Before he could move Ryoko appeared 
and imediatly began to cling to him. "Oh Tenchi", she purred, "Lets go have some 
fun". She started to whisper into his ear her idea of "fun". Tenchi blushed and 
his nose started to bleed.  Just then Ayeka came running out of the trees. "Get 
away from my Tenchi", she cried running toward Ryoko. Ryoko jumped away from 
Tenchi and formed a ball of energy. A cloud of tiny logs appeared around Ayeka 
and the battle began. Tenchi took one look and ran like hell!



Washu looked before her at the two beakers. If she were right then there would 
be no need to even test number twenty-five. Before her on the right was potion 
twenty-one. On the left was the new enzyme she had just extracted from herself. 
If she were correct then Tenchi would be hers in a few hours. She would call her 
new mixture, Love potion #26. She laughed out loud as she poured the enzyme into 
the Twenty-one beakers. The other girls were going to be soooo jealous. 



"Pull over you piece of shit!", Kiyone yelled into the communicator. The guy in 
the view screen just smiled as he swung around an asteroid. He looked up from 
his communicator too see the Yagami on the other side. She hit him with her 
disabling beam and sent his ass off to HQ. On her way back she punched up a call 
to the Masaki house. Washu picked up the video phone." Hey Kiyone, what's up!" 
she said. "Wow, Washu, you sure look happy." "Yeah well, I should look way 
happier tomorrow morning", Washu said from behind her huge grin." Why", asked 
Kiyone, "What are you going to do?" Washu tried not to giggle. "You'll see", She 
laughed, and hung up. I wonder what she's up to, thought Kiyone.



Tenchi was in his room breathing hard. He could hear the explosions outside and 
he shook with fear. What if they found him? They would rip him apart and he knew 
it. He walked over to his door and pressed his ear to it. He had to find a 
better hiding place. He mentally checked off hiding places in his head. Then he 
realized the obvious. Washu's lab! They would never look for him there! He 
opened the door and ran down the stairs. Turning the corner, he ran smack into 
Mihoshi.

Kiyone rounded the moon and started the atmosphere repelling fields. Suddenly 
the whole ship jerked backwards. Kiyone was knocked out cold. She woke up to 
find herself surrounded by Galaxy Police Officers. "What's the meaning of this", 
she yelled. One of Officers stepped forward. "Detective First Class Kiyone", he 
said, "We have reason to believe that your partner Mihoshi is actually the 
notorious space pirate known as The Wasp". The shocked look on Kiyone's faced 
was replaced with a grin. She burst out laughing. "You've got to be kidding", 
she said. "Mihoshi lives to be a Galaxy Police Officer". The man in front of her 
shook his head. "No", he said, "We have proof, and we need you to help bring The 
Wasp in". 

 

"Ow", Mihoshi moaned as she slowly got up. 

Then she spotted the unconscious Tenchi in front of her. She thought for a 
moment and then went looking for someone to help Tenchi. She walked into the 
kitchen to find Sasami nowhere in site. She turned around, mumbling, and ran 
straight into the door she had just shut behind her. "This just instint my day", 
she said to herself. She looked around suddenly alert, her internal alarm going 
off. She instinctively ducked behind the low table and pulled her gun out. The 
only thought in her mind was kill or be killed. Then she looked up, just in time 
to see Kiyone's reflection in the refrigerator door.


Washu opened her trans-dimensional doorway to find Tenchi unconscious in front 
of her. This could be an interesting opportunity, she thought, as she dragged 
him into her lab. She had just finished strapping him to the examination table 
when he woke up. "That idiot Mihoshi ran right into me", he mumbled as he looked 
around. Then he noticed the straps on his wrists. "On no". "Hello, my little 
guinea pig", Washu said from above him. He looked up to see her smiling face 
floating just outside his vision."Uh, Little Washu", he asked," Why am I 
strapped to a table". "Well", she said," I've been working for over three months 
now on a love potion". Today I think I may have finally found the right 
combination of drugs"! She laughed and said," But I need someone to test it on.


Ayeka sent her guardians after Ryoko for the third time that day and still she 
blew them back. "You witch"! she screamed, "Ill never let you have him, Tenchi 
and I were meant to be together". "That's were your wrong," Ryoko shot back, 
"Tenchi and I share a special bond." "Your both wrong", a voice spoke from the 
left of them, "He belongs to me". They both looked to see a blond woman in a 
yellow and black battle suit. Ayeka gasped, "I know you, you're that criminal 
the Galaxy Police just put out a warrant for".
The Wasp smiled at them and said, "Your absolutely right". The next second, both 
Ryoko and Ayeka were out cold.... 







	      


Part #2



	Sasami woke up slowly, her eyes little by little adjusting to the dim 
light. She looked around, realizing she was in the cargo hold of someone's ship. 
She noticed that the insignia of a wasp with red eyes was stamped everywhere. 
Her head snapped up suddenly as she heard a service elevator coming down 
somewhere behind her. Bowing her head, her eyes closed, Sasami pretended to be 
asleep. She heard a few bumps and the sound of something being dragged around. 
The service elevator started up again. Once the sound of the elevator faded she 
opened her eyes. Both Ayeka and Ryoko were lying tied up in front of her.


	Tenchi cringed as Washu walked around him attaching suction cups and never 
losing that huge grin. "What exactly are you going to do Little Washu", he said. 
"I'm only going to inject you with some of my love potion and then see how you 
react to some pictures and sounds", Washu absolutely beamed. "Then ill let you 
go and study the results. After wards you will have to come back here tomarow to 
get another shot that will help expel the drug from your system."  "Oh", Tenchi 
said. Washu walked out of sight and then came back with a syringe. The liquid in 
the syringe was the exact same color as Washu's hair. "Here we go", she said. 


Mihoshi cringed as Kiyone called out, "Drop your blaster and put your hands on 
your head". Mihoshi rose slowly from her crouch, eyes open wider than Kiyone had 
ever seen them. "What's going on, Kiyone", she asked. "I said drop your blaster, 
Mihoshi". Mihoshi put her blaster on the ground and kicked it away. "Now, tell 
me the truth", Kiyone whispered, "Are you a space pirate". Mihoshi slowly shook 
her head, still confused about what was going on. Kiyone lowered her blaster, "I 
believe you Mihoshi, but the rest of the galaxy police will need proof". Mihoshi 
listened carefully as Kiyone explained the situation.


Ryoko woke up slowly. "I'm goanna get that bitch", she mumbled. Her eyes widened 
as she noticed Aeka's unconscious form. She glanced around and saw Sasami tied 
to a beam in front of her. She appeared to be asleep. Suddenly her head shot up 
and she looked around. "Ryoko", she exclaimed, "where are we"? "I don't know", 
Ryoko said, "but we need to get out of here and rescue Tenchi". "What's wrong 
with Tenchi"? "Well", Ryoko said quietly, "whoever kidnapped us is trying to 
capture Tenchi" Sasami was horrified. "Oh, No", she said.



	Tenchi cringed as the needle went into his arm. He was cringing more from 
worry about what Little Washu was going to do to him then from the needle. Washu 
finished the injection and sat back to watch Tenchi change. First his eyes went 
blank, like someone switched off a light. Then he started to shake and twist. 
Finally he settled down. His eyelids dropped and he looked, well, like he'd 
already had sex.


	His head slowly pivoted as he looked at Washu. He no longer thought of her 
in little sister terms. In fact there was only one thing on his mind. What he 
wanted was quickly evident to Washu. "Well", she said, "we know it certainly 
works". She pressed a button on her counsel and the table was flipped so Tenchi 
was standing, but still strapped down. She walked in front of him and took out 
her clipboard. She also had a pen. "Here", she said, "Answer all these question 
and sign your name at the bottom. Tenchi was more then willing to do whatever 
she said at this point and took a look at the clipboard. It looked like this:



Washu Presents:

	The Tenchi Truth Questionnaire.

Directions: Please answer all questions honestly.


1Who do you love the most at your house?

2Who do you want to marry at your house?

3Who has the sexiest body at your house?

4Who do you want to have sex with right now?


    										_______________Sign 
here




Tenchi answered Washu on all the questions and then signed his name. He gave 
Washu back the clipboard. She smiled gleefully as she filled the Test away. Then 
Washu let him out of the straps. Before he could jump on her she pushed him out 
the door and locked it. Without Washu's presence Tenchi slowly started to think 
strait again. He shook off the strange "Washu related" thoughts running through 
his head. He remembered what he had been doing before Washu got him. He listened 
carefully, but couldn't hear anything exploding outside. He considered this a 
good sign and went looking for someone to talk to.



Mihoshi listened carefully as Kiyone explained for the third time. Suddenly, she 
understood. They thought she was a criminal. Mihoshi started to cry. Why her! 
She hadn't done anything. She stopped crying as she looked up and saw the cold 
expression on her partners face. But Kiyone wasn't looking at her; she was 
looking at the door to the living room. Mihoshi turned around and saw the most 
amazing sight she'd ever seen. Another Mihoshi was standing in the doorway, with 
a confused expression on her face.



The Wasp smiled inside her Mihoshi Hologram program. She could tell from 
Kiyone's expression that she couldn't tell who was who. 
Now all she had to do was blast the real Mihoshi and Kiyone would be none the 
wiser. . . . .








					       

Part #3 



	As soon as Mihoshi was dead The Wasp would be one step closer to 
kidnapping Tenchi and making him, like so many others, her love slave. She 
smiled inside her Mihoshi hologram and pulled up her blaster to make the shot. 
Suddenly, she felt a hand on her shoulder. She jumped just as she was pulling 
the trigger. Quickly, she turned and saw Tenchi. Tenchi was looking into the 
kitchen with a confused expression on his face. Two Mihoshi's. It was mind-
boggling. Before Tenchi could move he was hit in the face with an elbow that 
felt much harder than it looked. He went down. Period. There was no fade-out, no 
gradual blackness. He was just out. He was out, with a twisted Mihoshi's 
laughter in his ears.



	Before the all-to fake Mihoshi could turn back around. Kiyone shot her 
through the leg. She also went down. Although, in her case, it was mostly shock. 
The real Mihoshi was very confused. "Who is she?", she asked Kiyone. . . . 
 
                                                                

Afterward



Sasami was in the Kitchen preparing an incredible feast. The feast was in honor 
of them catching The Wasp. The reward money had allowed them to buy a new TV. 
Also the food budget would be well paid for in the next three months. Sasami 
hummed as she worked. Tonight's dinner would be one to remember. She had no idea 
how right she was!


	Ryoko chewed swallowed and almost yelled out in pleasure. She douted that 
Sasami had ever made more delicious food. She couldn't believe Washu wasn't 
here. Oh well, more for me she said to herself.


	"Here, Tenchi", Ryoko said, "have some of this sushi". Tenchi looked up to 
see her holding out her chopsticks towards him. "Leave him alone, he's got his 
own food!", Aeka yelled. "Oh yeah, well, how do you know he doesn't want it, 
Bitch!", Ryoko responded. "What did you call me", Aeka shouted. Just then they 
noticed that Tenchi wasn't even looking at them. He was staring, transfixed, 
over there heads. They both turned slowly around to find Washu standing in front 
of her lab-door. She was smiling and her eyes looked very shinny.


	Washu was in her adult form, an unusual sight around the house. Washu 
beckoned to Tenchi by wiggling a finger at him. Tenchi got up quickly, and 
almost tripped over his chair in his haste to do whatever Washu wanted. . . . .




				 


                                                                           THE 
END





Authors Note: I just couldn't bring myself to actually describe Tenchi and Washu 
...you know. But, after a little practice and some friendly criticism from my 
friends I might write a sequel that contains all the erotic details. I will call 
my sequel........WHAT HAPPENED NEXT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Also: I don't want people e-mailing me. Criticism makes it hard for me to think. 
I won't even bother to read any mail unless it praises me. Thank You.
If you do wish to praise me send your worship to RyanBman@hotmail.com 


8-6-01
.
