Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo, or any
of its characters or whatever.  Pioneer and
AIC do.  Oh well, back to my hand puppets...


		   Washu's Physics Lesson
		    ---by Dade Gifford---

	Washu opened her eyes groggily.  The
first sight that greeted her blurred vision
was the bright, cheery image of a crab on 
her holo-top monitor.  She sighed.  Another
invention, complete.  Washu had succeeded
in creating the perfect latté!  But sleep
overcame her enthusiasm, and her head fell 
back to the keyboard, striking a couple of
keys with muted taps.
	Instantly, the image on screen focused
on Tenchi, who was sleeping soundly in his
bed upstairs.  Some words in an unintelligible
language scrolled by, and then popped up in
bright red, flashing.  Had Washu been awake,
she would have noticed.  
	Tenchi stirred.  It was still a few hours
left till he had to get up and tend to the fields.
Strangely, though, all he could seem to think of
was Washu.  Even when he consciously tried to put
her out of his mind, he couldn't.  Of course, since
he was still so tired, he didn't percieve it as
anything else but a dream.  Tenchi didn't even
bother to sit up, he just ignored it as best he 
could and fell asleep.  
	Tenchi sighed as sleep took him, and
then, REM.  Tenchi's dreams were normally filled
with his hopeful future at some school, getting
a master's degree in something important (he still
didn't know what he was most suited to), and then
settling down...  But this time, the latter was 
different.  Instead of the vague images of a house
and a faceless wife, there appeared none other 
than the greatest scientific genius in the universe,
Washu.  Suddenly, Tenchi felt as if he were in some
bad sitcom.
	"Washu, I'm home!"
	"Hi honey, how was your day?"
	"Same as normal.." Tenchi's last sentence
was punctuated with a cry of surprise as he tripped
over a footstool.
	"Washu, what was that footstool doing out
in the middle of the floor?  You got some 'splainin'
to do!" Why did that just sound wrong?  He shook it
off.
	"Waah!" she said, totally fake.
	"Well?"
	"Oh, it's just my new experiment.  You see,
it's designed to always appear right where you're
most likely to trip over it."
	"That's rediculous...Waaugh!" Tenchi tripped
out of sight, into the kitchen.
	Washu started laughing, and Tenchi's dream
centered on her face, with a logo saying, "Tenchi
Loves Washu," over it.  At this, Tenchi awoke with
a cold sweat.  Never once in the history of his 
sometimes odd dreams had he dreamt of Washu.  His
first reaction was to be disturbed, but he silently
thanked kami-sama that it wasn't an erotic dream...
	Washu still lay on her holo-top, a slight
trickle of drool coming from the corner of her  
mouth.  Her REM had just begun...
	Washu was just about to find out what the
meaning of life was.  All the math was being worked
out on a holo-blackboard.  "All right, aaaannnddd...
Got it!"  
	All the math flashed away past an equals 
sign, which showed...
	"Huh?!"
	Washu rubbed her eyes and looked again.  In
bright red letters, the word "Tenchi," with a small
photo of him appeared.  Washu reviewed her math 
quickly, and sighed with relief as she found the
problem.  "Oh, this is just the meaning of MY life.."
She paused, and thought about that for a minute.
"Wait a minute, Tenchi isn't MY purpose!!"
	Washu awoke with a start.  The first word out
of her mouth was "Tenchi?"
	She wiped the sleepiness out of her eyes, and
then glanced at the screen.  The red letters caught
the center of her view.  "Oh, shit." she said perfectly
calm.  But as she focused on it more...
	"OH SHIT!!!"
	Washu reviewed the program.  No, couldn't be.
She had accidentally implemented her newest love 
concoction upon her and Tenchi.  Now, all she could
seem to think of was Tenchi.  The program was designed
to alter the function of certain neurons, so the target
person could not get the other target out of his or her
mind.  This was not good... 
	<Hey, wait a second,> she thought.  <This might
be more fun than I thought...>
	Washu could just see the looks on the other 
girls' faces when she got Tenchi to kiss her, of his
own will!
	<Oh, this'll blow their minds!  It'll be so 
much fun!!>
	Tenchi was merely confused as he finished his
daily morning visit to the bathroom.  
	<Why can't I stop thinking about Washu?> he
thought.  	
	<Oh, I know, I'll just think about one of
the other girls...> Tenchi pictured Ryoko for a 
minute, and to make it more vivid, he pictured her
getting ready to cut his head off with her plasma
sword, like she had when they'd first met.  But
the image changed, Ryoko's hair turned red.  Her
face took on those characteristics of adult Washu.
Then all Tenchi could see was the time adult 
Washu had almost kissed him!  He was simply baffled
as to the reason why he couldn't seem to think
of anyone or anything else! 
	Disconcerted, Tenchi decided he had to get
stuff done, and it really didn't help matters to 
stand there and comprehend his inner workings. 
Tenchi went down the stairs to claim his right to
breakfast from the resident chef, Sasami.  Of
course, mere moments after he had gotten into his
seat, Ryoko appeared and started fondling him.
	"Ohayo, Tenchi!" she said in a sultry
voice.
	"...." But for some reason, this time
Tenchi was totally able to ignore her, not even
putting notice to her presence.  Hell, he didn't
even say "Ohayo," to her!
	Ryoko appeared deeply hurt.  Almost on
the verge of tears, she contained herself and
sat down opposite from Tenchi, feeling that she
should leave him alone for a while.
	<I wonder if it's something I did?> she
thought.  Because of Zero's emotions, instead
of getting mad, she just got subdued.
	Aeka came down the stairs.  "Ohayo,
Lord Tenchi," she said in her usual manner.
	Tenchi was perfectly silent, totally
intent on his food.
	"I said, Ohayo, Lord Tenchi," said 
Aeka in a higher voice.  Then she noticed that
Ryoko wasn't trying to fondle him or anything.
In fact, she was sitting on the opposite side
of the table!  This just added to puzzle Aeka.
she decided it was for the best, and she took
her usual seat to the right of Tenchi.
	If that didn't take the cake, after they
started eating, Tenchi didn't even complement 
Sasami's cooking!  Sasami looked down for a 
minute, and sighed.  But she decided that he
didn't have to say it EVERY time...
	But Sasami still felt injured somehow.
	Defeated, she went back into the kitchen
and began to clear up.  Ryo-ohki did her best to
comfort Sasami as they left.  Aeka and Ryoko
looked at him, stunned.  
	"Lord Tenchi, is something wrong?" 
queried Aeka. 
	Still silence.
	Aeka appeared disturbed.  "Lord Tenchi?"
	Again, nothing.
	Aeka had tears in her eyes.  "Tenchi?!"
	Nothing, except that he took a bite of
his food.
	Aeka threw herself onto Tenchi, in much
the same way that Ryoko did.  Subconsciously,
she made sure she hit him chest-first.
Tenchi didn't even budge.  
	Ryoko, for this whole time, appeared
deep in thought.  The only thing she could come
up with besides the unthinkable, was that he was
just too tired to pay attention. The only thing
she could think of was sensory overload, and 
she knew how to do that.
	Ryoko bared her chest and leapt at him,
putting his nose into her valley.  She massaged
her breasts around his face.  After a while, when
she still had failed to usher a response for him,
she pulled back.  Ryoko was genuinely shocked at
what she saw.  NO NOSEBLEED.  In fact, he just
kept on eating like nothing had happened.
	A lone tear fell from Ryoko's left eye
as she teleported away.  It landed in the nearest
bowl of miso.
	And Tenchi still didn't notice.  
	That is, until Washu came in.  "Ohayo,
Washu-chan!" he said, very cheerily.
	Aeka looked at Tenchi, then Washu, and
saw the blissful looks on their faces.  "No..."
was all she could manage before she ran off to
join Ryoko wherever she was.
	"Why hello...my little...guenia pig,"
said Washu in a sultry voice.
	Tenchi, still under the effects of that
program, wasn't able to tear his eyes from her
as she transformed into her adult self.  Washu
sat in Tenchi's lap and they began to kiss for
a long time.
	Sasami chose this very moment to re enter
the dining room.  Bad timing.  
	"Oh, my goodness!" she said, putting a
hand to her mouth.  Tenchi and Washu didn't even
notice her, and continued making out.  Their hands
were roaming all over each other.  Sasami couldn't
stop looking at the scene unfolding before her.
She didn't know why, either.
	Tenchi and Washu stopped kissing for a 
little while, and they started feeding each other.
After this was done, they resumed.  A short while
later, Nobuyuki came down the stairs.
	His eyes grew very wide.  "That's my BOY,
Tenchi!  You show those women the right way to 
kiss!!"  He immediately fished out his camcorder
and began to document the scene.  He set the 
camcorder up on a tripod and pulled out his still
photo camera, and began to snap pictures from 
different angles, praising Tenchi the whole time.
	After a while, Nobuyuki put on a worried
expression.  "Uh, hey, do you think you could, um,
you know, STOP for a little while?  I'm out of film,
I can go get some more...  And I don't think it's
natural to hold your breath for that long..."
	Tenchi ignored him as he had everyone else,
and continued with business.  Nobuyuki gave up and
produced his clipboard.  He started to sketch the
scene, and made several sketches of their arms in
various places.  Sasami, meanwhile, was still staring,
unable to stop.
	About half an hour later, Tenchi picked up 
Washu, and they went for the lab.  Washu pushed open
the door and they stepped inside.  She ordered for 
the door to lock.  Tenchi and she kissed for a little
while longer, until Washu separated from him.
	"Be right back..." she said in a flirting
tone.
	A few minutes later, she stepped back in as
"Ritsuko Akagi," and put on some rubber gloves.
"Time for a checkup, guenia pig," she said.  Tenchi,
thanks to the disruption system, was very eager for
her to get started.  
	"Okay, drop 'em," she said, standing before
Tenchi.  He almost fell forward trying to get them
off fast enough.  If Tenchi hadn't been so distracted,
he would've noticed that Washu didn't have a specimen
jar, or anything like that.
	He probably still wouldn't have cared.
	Washu knelt before Tenchi, and took his 
member in hand.  "Wow...  Almost poked my eye out,
there.  I see we're excited..." 
	Tenchi placed his hands on either side of her
head, as she moved in.  Washu placed a kiss on the 
head, and then engulfed it in one swift motion.  She
used every single trick she knew to get him off.
About in the middle of this, the holo-top reappeared
next to Washu and told her that the program was ending.
Numbers displayed in countdown fashion, from five,
four, three, two, one...
	Washu opened her eyes to see a very firm member
in her mouth.  <Whaa?> she thought.  <Oh, the program
must've worn off.>  She continued on with her work,
acting as if nothing happened.  Tenchi, on the other 
hand, had a very surprised expression on.  But he was
unable to move at the moment.  Of course, a few thoughts
ran through his mind.  See, the last thing he could
remember was desiring Washu sometime in the morning,
and then this.  So he was wondering what had happened
to bring him here.
	Washu continued on, and when she sensed that 
he was near, she then realized that she didn't have a
container for the sample.  Washu inwardly cursed, but
quickly developed a contingency plan.  Tenchi began
to gasp raggedly, and gulp huge lungfuls of air.  Washu
tightened her grip as Tenchi climaxed.  She then went
off with it in her mouth, and then spit it into a 
sample container.  
	Once Tenchi had recovered, he pulled up his pants
and ran towards Washu.
	"Washu..How COULD you?"
	"Easy, I just did."
	"But that was a major violation!"
	Washu quickly realized that he was going to go
on like this for a while, so she summoned her holo-top,
and hit a few keys.  Instantly, Tenchi visibly quivered.
He then began to creep slowly towards Washu, saying,
"Washu...have I ever told you how beautiful your eyes
are?"
	"Why no, Tenchi, I don't recall..."
	"They sparkle like emeralds set into sandstone."
	Washu puzzled over this for a moment, thinking
that something just didn't sound right about that,
but then she noticed that Tenchi hadn't stopped coming
towards her.  
	"Uh, Tenchi, don't you have some yardwork to
be getting to?"
	"'Tis unimportant."
	"Huh?"
	Washu began to back away.  "Now Tenchi, run 
along, I have some important work to do."
	"So do I.." he said, his eyes roaming over her
curves.
	Washu backed off more frantically, now, and 
had the misfortune to trip backwards over her purple
pillow, and fall totally prone.  Tenchi saw this as
acceptance, and crawled over her.  Washu put her hand
to Tenchi's chest, and tried to push him, but as she
thought of it, she pushed lighter, and lighter, and
then gave up altogether.  
	<Hey, this could be fun.  I guess it would be
sort of a relief, I haven't been...with..a man for
a long, long time...> thought Washu.
	Tenchi threw off his shirt, and began to take
off his pants.  <Wow, that's a potent program...> 
she thought.  Soon, Tenchi was nude.  Washu allowed
him to undress her.  He kissed her, holding the kiss
as he unbuttoned her shirt.  Tenchi got to Washu's
lacy bra, and unfastened it.  He took her right
nipple in his mouth, and sucked gently, as he worked
on her skirt.  Washu moaned at the attention Tenchi
was giving her, and stroked him.
	Tenchi grunted as he worked her skirt off,
and then pushed her panties off.  He slipped two
fingers inside of her, and she moaned.  Washu flipped
over, so Tenchi was on the floor.  She placed a hand
on his chest, and kissed him.  Tenchi lifted her up
and positioned her above his member.  Washu lowered 
herself slowly, allowing him to enter her gently.
She crooned as Tenchi slid in until Washu enveloped
his member entirely.  
	The machine apparently wore off again, and
Tenchi was aware of his own thoughts.  <She's doing
it again!!> his nose bled.  Washu noticed his nose
bleeding, and thought,<Damn!  He's himself again!>
but was cut off by her own sensations.  Tenchi,
too, was unable, and he resumed pumping, more of
his own instincts than his choice.  Washu tilted
her head back, and cried out loudly as she reached
her climax.
	Tenchi was nearing his, too, and thrusted
faster.  Washu's own orgasm helped Tenchi's along,
and he moaned as he climaxed.  Washu fell lightly
forward onto Tenchi's chest, sweating profusely,
and panting.  Tenchi was beat, too.  But he didn't
push her off.  After a while, he spoke up.  "W-
Washu?" he said, shakily.
	"Yes, Tenchi?"
	"I don't know what just happened..but it 
really wasn't that bad."
	"Well, I certainly enjoyed it."
	"I don't know if I could just forget about
what happened, after that.  I think I'm stuck with
you."
	"Oh, THAT'S charming."
	"You know I'm just kidding, right Washu-chan?"
	"You don't have to call me Washu-chan anymore."
	"Oh, well..."
	"So what will you tell Ryoko and Aeka?"
	"I'm afraid to tell them anything."
	"I know what you mean."
	"I'll worry about it tomorrow.  Let's find a
bed, because I'm tired."
	Washu snapped her fingers, and they were on
a large bed.  "Well, oyasume nasai, Tenchi."
	"Oyasume, Washu."
====================================================
Yeah yeah, I know, I suck at writing Washu stories.
But hey, I said I was going to do all in the series
and I will.  Unfortunately, I don't know how I'm 
going to do the Mihoshi one, because I really don't
know how she would act in a situation.  I like to
know the characters really well before I do a story,
and I have no idea what Mihoshi would do in a romantic
situation...guess I'll have to work out a surprise,
or something...
e-mail-cubone41@yahoo.com
URL-www.geocities.com/cubone41