         Washu’s Schoolgirl Experience

        Tenchi Muyo and all related characters are property
of, well, whatever company it is that owns Tenchi Muyo
(aka: not me)  Don’t sue me for using these
characters; 1. I’m not the only one using them, 2. I’m
not profiting off of them, 3. It’s free advertising
for whoever owns them.  So get off my back!!  (unless
of course you’re really hot, then by all means, be on
my back.  :)

        This fan fic contains adult themes, and if you find
sex insulting, offending, or such, do not read this
story.  If you are offended by this story, don’t wine
to me--I warned ya’

Now, here’s the story. . .

        ‘Tenchi, where are you?’ yelled out the little Sasami
as she added the finishing touches to the expectedly
great dinner.

        Tenchi, walking into the kitchen, smiled at Sasami
and said, ‘I’m right here Sasami.’  He reached over
the little girl to get a taste of the food, but all he
got was a smack in the hand from a wooden spoon.

        ‘You’ll spoil your appetite,’ chided Sasami.  “Now go
fetch Washu from her lab for dinner.”  Tenchi walked
away chuckling to himself, so he didn’t hear Sasami
tiptoeing behind him.  After Tenchi walked through the
door into Washu’s lab, the little princess reached up
and slid the bolt into the ‘locked’ position.

        ‘Well done Sasami,’ came Washu’s voice from a
floating computer console that had just appeared.
‘Your reward for helping me is sitting in your bedroom
twiddling his thumbs as we speak.”

        Sasami ran off to her room, yelling back to Washu,
‘Don’t hurt Tenchi, or I’ll stop doing your
dirty-work!’  Washu just giggled as the computer
console flickered into nothingness.

                  ~~~

        ‘Washu, where are you?’ called out Tenchi as he
wandered aroung the maze-like lab.  All of a sudden,
adult-Washu stepped out in front of Tenchi wearing a
sexy Catholic Schoolgirl uniform.  ‘Oh no!  Washy,
No!’  Tenchi , blood streaming from his nose, ran off.
 However, all he could find were locked doors.

        Without warning, a swarm of snakelike metallic
tentacles shot out and caught ahold of Tenchi.  Tenchi
soon found himself standing in a small room that
looked like a schoolroom, with the only differences
being the complete lack of doors, and the hot tub
where the teacher’s desk should have been.

        A clear tone rang out and Washu walked in through a
hidden door on one of the walls.  She walked over to
one of the desks.  The desk she walked to had several
large textbooks (Nuclear Physics for Mad Scientists,
World Dominators: Caesar to You, and such) stacked on
it.  ‘Washu, tell me what’s going on,’ pleaded Tenchi.
 ‘Please let me go.’  Washu dropped a small pencil on
the ground, and it rolled over to where Tenchi was
standing.

        ‘Look what you made me do.’  Washu strode over to
Tenchi and carresed his cheek with her finger.  She
spun around and leaned over to pick of her pencil.
>From underneath her short skirt flashed her plain
white underwear.  Tenchi felt himself grow, and his
hand slowly reached forward, as if with a mind of its
own.  It got closer and closer to Washu’s perfectly
rounded ass.  As he was about to firmly grab the ass,
Washu stood up and spun around to see his hand.

        ‘Oh, you like that, do you?’ said Washu in a highly
seductive voice.  ‘How about this?’ she said, grabbing
Tenchi’s hand and thrusting up the from on her plaid
skirt.  Gasping, Tenchi felt the coarse fabric of the
skirt and the smooth silky panties.  He started
rubbing his hand over Washu’s womanhood through the
silk, but when Washu started to moan, she pulled his
had away.

        ‘Folow me.’  Washy walked over to the hottub, pealing
off the top of her uniform as she did.  Underneath was
a small skin-tight t-shirt with a crab picture over
her large breasts.  As she and Tenchi lowered
themselves into the hottub, an exact replica of Washu
walked in through the hidden door wearing a skimpy
tank-top and a thong.  ‘Meer Washy2,’ said the
Washu’s.  ‘She is an extension of me, and exact
replica; we even have a combined mind,’ they
continued.  Washu2 jumped into the tub.

        Tenchi stared back and forht at the two pairs of
breasts sandwiching him in (Hmm, lunchmeat doesn’t
sound like quite as bad a profession now, doesn’t
it?).  The wet fabic covering them revealed almost
all.

        Washu1 slowly dove underwater and pulled off Tenchi’s
boxers.  She started to lick his balls, and then
placed his penis in her mouth.  She slowly slid back
and forth as she constantly tantalized his head with
her tongue.

        Washu2, wanting in on the action, sat on Tenchi’s
stomach, placing her breasts right in Tenchi’s face.
He quickly reached up and removed her tank top, then
stared her perfectly shaped firm boobs.  He starting
rubbing and licking Washu2, bringing up moans from
her.

        Washu1 released Tenchi.  She slid off her silk
underwear.  She slid onto Tenchi’s penis, who, when he
noticed what was happing, started thrusting into her.
Every thrust he went all of the way in, and then came
almost entirely out.  Washu1 reached forward to finger
Washu2, which Tenchi also did at the same time.  The
pushed the thong aside and started in.  Washu2 reached
down with both hands, one to rub Washu’d breasts, and
the other to tickle Tenchi’s balls.

        Both Washus were immediately screaming and shouting
(After all, their mind was getting the sensation of
having two breasts being rubbed, one breast being
licked, one pussy being fingered by two people, and
one pussy being very energetically fucked.)

        All three of them came at once.  The Washus’s juice
stained the water, while Tenchi’s ‘little soldiers’
filled Washu to overflowing.  The three of them just
laid there, resting.

                  ~~~

        ‘Tenchi, Sasami sent you to get Washu and hour and a
half ago!’ Ayeka yelled when Tenchi and Washu walked
out of the lab.  ‘What took you so long?!’  Tenchi and
Washu looked at eachother, then burst into laughter.

        This was my first lemon fanfic (it was actually my
first fanfic ever)  Please send comments to
eldar_14@yahoo.com  Please tell me what you thought of
this story.