Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own all rights to Tenchi Muyo and its
affiliates.  This
is the sequel to "Candlelight".  Yes, it's a lemon, so for those under 18,
you know the drill.  For all intentional purposes, Washu is in her adult
form.  Any correspondence can be sent to brainiac13@hotmail.com.

What Movie?

                   The day began like all the others.  All of us waking up,
fighting for the bathroom, eating Sasami's wonderful grub, and hitting the
chores we've been doing for God knows how long.  Except I woke up this
morning next to a goddess and her 'daughter'.  How lucky for me! Shameless
am I sometimes, you know? I can't help but gloat over the events of the
previous evening.  Mind if I say, "WOW!!!!"?
                   I know it can't happen again, but I can say this much,
"At least it happened once!!".  Ryoko knows, and she seems okay with it, for
now.  She's always been strong, even though the 'merger' with Zero softened
her up a bit.  I think it made her a better person.  Of that, I am certain.
I know she'll have a place in my heart, but the person I love the most will
always lay unconditional claim to it.  I know that she wishes it was she,
but my life is mine, and she came to terms with that last night.  How could
she not have if she stood here with us? She wants me to be happy, and I do,
too.  I just wish things were different, but not to where people got hurt
over my decisions.  I can't help it.  I care too much, but I want my needs
fulfilled, too.  This is my dilemna, but I have Washu to guide me and love
me.  What more do I need?
                   I need to get these damn carrots loaded and in the house
so the cabbit can be fed.  Us, too, but more so the cabbit.  Man, that
little furball can EAT! She keeps me busy more so than the house repairs I
used to make on a timely basis.  Yes, I said it.  Used to!!! Ryoko has been
well behaved since last night and has managed to keep her fighting instincts
in check - so far.  I know it's been one day, but hey - baby steps, right?
One day leads to another, and so on.  I finally manage to finish one load
and decide to grub out for a few minutes.  No sooner do I start eating out
of my bento box that a visitor comes to see me.
                  "Hello, Tenchi", she says plainly.
                   "Ryoko.  What can I do for you?"
                   "Talk with me for a bit.  Am I bothering you?"
Hmm....strange.  She normally doesn't start a conversation this way.  I
guess when you get groped a lot it becomes habitual.  Not that I mind
this......or the other.......oops.
                   "You know better than that.  So, what's up?"
                   "About last night, Tenchi.  I'm guessing that was a
one-time thing, right?"
                   "Yes, it was.  Why do you ask?", I said, wondering why
this came up.
                   "I'm just going to miss messing with you, now that you
and Washu are an item and all.", Ryoko said sadly.
                   "I'm still here for you if you need me.  Don't think I
won't be.", I said, trying to soothe her sadness.
                   "I know, Tenchi.  At least I got bragging rights over
Ayeka, eh?"
                   "That you do, Ryoko.  That you do.  I was meaning to ask
you something.  Was I any good to you last night?" Good thing to ask her,
dummy.  Just brace yourself for the bomb, OK?
                   "Let's just say that I am extremely jealous, OK?" What,
no KABOOM? At least the gods smiled on me today.
                   "Fair enough.  I'm glad 'cause you were phenomenal.  I'll
never forget one moment of it - ever.", I said, extreme relief being lifted
off of my shoulders as I said so.
                   "Neither will I, Tenchi.", she said, kissing my lips one
last time before she teleported away.  Oh, how I wish all of my 'nightly'
occurrences involved them both.  Then again, I'd be acting out of lust, not
love.  Not a cool way to be, although it wouldn't be entirely too bad (SHUT
UP, TESTOSTERONE!!!!!).
                   Now that I'm done with lunch, it's time to get more
carrots for Ryo-ohki and the rest of the household.  I work quickly because
I have arranged for Washu and I to hit the town and see a movie.  This will
be our first 'date' outside of the house and I want to make a good
impression.  I actually planned on going to dinner and a movie, but she said
a movie will do fine and that we can eat at home beforehand.  So much for
our first 'date', but hey, at least we get to do the movie.
                   Whew! Done, finally.  I check my watch.  Damn - I got 15
minutes till ShowTime! I rush home, drop the carrots on the kitchen counter,
say hello to everyone, strip, and get into the shower.  Wow, I'm fast, I
thought proudly to myself.  Once in the shower, I map out in my head what to
wear and how to act.  Be a gentleman, pay for everything, compliment her
every chance I get - the usual stuff guys do on dates.  OK, I'm done now.
Getting dressed in slacks and a shirt, I gel up my hair and put on my
'smell-good' a.k.a. cologne.
                   I rush downstairs and see Washu all done up and wearing a
blue shirt and a black mini-skirt.  The shirt was buttoned up till an eyeful
of cleavage began where the buttons ended.  Her stiletto heels completed her
ensemble, and boy was she HOT.  My mind already started to think of all the
naughty things I wanted to do to my love, but I quickly brushed them aside
and escorted her to the van.
                   OK, systems check starting......now.  Money - check.
Wallet - check.  Condoms - just kidding!!! Keys - check.  Now that I'm
cooking with gas, my date and I were off.  One thing, though - we didn't eat
because of me.  I told her that we'd grab a bite at one of the local
restaurants after the movie.  She agreed and held my free hand as we drove
to the theatre.  Small talk soon followed.
                   "So, how was your day?", she said, starting the
conversation off.
                   "The usual - working in the field, avoiding destruction
from you-know-who, you know the routine.  How about yours?", I asked back.
                   "Well, I was working on a playmate for Ryo-ohki but lost
interest and did some research.  I can't wait to see the movie.  It's been
ages since I went out on a date.  Am I your first date, Tenchi?" Oh, why did
you ask me that? You know the answer, Miss
Greatest-Scientific-Mind-In-The-Universe.  But to amuse you......
                   "Yes, it is.  I mean, yes, you are." Genius, pure genius.
  Can I get my mind and mouth to work together, please? Thank you.
                   "Are you nervous, Tenchi? I am." Washu, nervous? Where
miracles never cease.
                   "My palms have never produced this much sweat before, if
that's what you mean.  I'm just worried about tonight.  I want it to be
perfect for you."
"For us.", she said correcting me.  I keep forgetting to use 'us' and not
'her', but when you love someone, 'you' forget all about 'you' every now and
then.  Does that make sense?
                   "Don't worry - you will.  I'm sure of it.", she said,
confident in tonight going well for us both.  I hope I don't make an ass of
myself.  It wouldn't be the first time, now would it?
                   We get to theatre with 5 minutes to spare.  I still had
to get tickets and refreshments, though, so I get Washu out and pace-walk to
the booth.  She couldn't keep up with me, so she scooted me along to get the
tickets and catch up by the time I get there.  I get them and wait for Washu
to meet me.  She finally does and I open the door for her to go inside.  She
thanks me and we head to the refreshment stand.  I get a medium popcorn and
medium drink for us to share (AWWWW) so we don't ruin our appetites for
dinner later on.
                   We find our theatre and get seats in the back for
privacy.  I guide her in first and then sit beside her, holding our munchies
for the movie.  The previews looked interesting enough, but after 15 minutes
of them, the movie finally started.
I can't believe I'm on a date with my true love - our first of many at that.
  I must be lucky, so please, God, refrain from throwing any bad luck my day
for awhile.  I'd appreciate it greatly.
                   I noticed something strange about my surroundings.  We
were the only ones in the back and two of the ten people in the theatre.
That sent my young mind into overdrive as to what I can take advantage of
now that the opportunity's presenting itself.  Or should I dare say, "WHO?"
I start thinking about the raunchy things I can do to her in the dark, and
as I'm doing so, I'm staring at her.  Not the scary-type stare, but the one
that has 'mischief' written all over it.  You know the one, right? I knew
you would.
                   I decided to take a gamble and ran my left hand up her
perfectly smooth leg.  She didn't mind this at all and found it innocent
enough to not put up a fuss.  I allowed my fingertips to trace invisible
lines all over her thigh, exciting myself with this simple act of touch.
She seemed to enjoy it by her approval through silence.  I get real bold now
and slide my hand up to the junction of her legs to make a pleasant
discovery - no underwear!!! No thong, no G-string, no bikini briefs,
nothing!!! She smiled at me with that
I-knew-you'd-try-that-so-I-came-prepared smile on her face.  To my delight,
that smile sent more shivers through me than almost anything she can ever do
to me.  I up the ante and give her kitty a massage right where her shaved
pubes crown her succulent jewel.  Her concentration on the movie started to
fade.  Her breathing became faster.  She licked her lips and bit the lower
one lightly.  I got her now!!!, I screamed in the back of my mind as my
massage continued its agonizing pace.
                   I part my fingers and start to trace my fingertips along
her labia as slowly as possible.  She spreads her legs to allow me full
access for whatever I intended to do to her.  I took the opportunity to poke
her hole with two fingertips and moisten her up a bit.  She sighed heavily
and closed her eyes, not caring about the movie anymore.  Oh, Washu, if only
you can see yourself.  She slid down in her seat, causing my fingers to go
inside of her and gently stretch her out.  She let out a moan that I though
for sure would get us caught, but thankfully it didn't.
                   I withdrew one finger and let the other one continue its
pleasurable assault on my poor Washu.  Her hips started to rock back and
forth, going in tune with my finger's rhythm.  She started to moan louder
now, and I wish the volume of the movie was louder to drown her out.  No
dice on that one, I guess.  I decided to pull my finger out and hunt down
her clit with it.  She whimpered when I did that, but immediately took in a
deep breath when I found her clit and began to rub it.  Her pussy was
starting to flow with her honey, and her voice got louder and louder as it
did so.  She tried to squelch it but managed to lower it just a bit.  It was
enough, though - no one turned around to check on us.  I felt her body
quiver and tremble, a sure sign that her dam was about to burst.  She sat
upright forcefully and let out a small cry as her orgasm rushed through her
like a bolt of lightning.  Her juices flowed freely now, and I put my head
down to catch every last drop of it.
                   This only intensified it, though, as she pulled my hair
and forced my face to stay put.  Fine by me - I like it down here.  My mouth
swallows her savory deposit and starts to get a wild idea.  Out from my
drink I pull out an ice cube and quickly place it in my mouth.  I let my
teeth clamp down on it and place it right where her lips part open.
Applying pressure there, I let the magic of the cold wake her up from her
post-orgasmic slumber.  Her eyes became as big as dinner plates and her
voice let out a silent scream as the cold made contact with the heat she
just generated minutes ago.  Damn, I'm good.  I decide to let her have it
and push the cube inside her tunnel with my tongue, filling her insides with
a newfound sensation.  She squirmed around and seemed to enjoy the mixture
of cold and hot, evident by her inability to convey her feelings through
words or sound.  My tongue viciously attacks her clit and labia, giving her
no time to think about or dispute my actions.
                   I enjoy her scent and flavor, craving for more of it as I
continue to feast on my darling's pussy.  Her legs spread even further apart
now, allowing me even more access than before.  Bad move, Washu, I thought
to myself as this new addition only made things more arousing for me,
although for her I'm sure this'll work, too.  Her head started to thrash
about some more, and since she couldn't scream - we're in public, you know -
this was her way of showing me how good of a job I was doing.  Fine, I like
pantomime, anyway.  I can feel her legs twitch around my head, but I also
notice her legs began to close around it as well.  Must be careful, Tenchi,
she's a goddess, OK? I risk it and eat her out silly, making her come
becoming my only objective.
                   The end drew near as her cum began its slow drip out of
her.  I'm getting there and can't wait for this to be over.  Thirst for her
fluids made me speed up the process.  I licked her lips and rubbed my nose
tip on her exposed - not to mention swollen - clit, helping her along and
hoping she won't scream.  Too late, I said as her voice got real loud and
her cum came rushing out of there.  I had a hard time keeping up with her
flow, but managed to get most of it.  Her breathing was worse than before,
coming out in deep gasps now as her aftermath took over.  So was mine - her
legs clamped shut around my head!!!!
                   "Um, Washu, let me go, please.....", I begged.
                   "No, I won't.  Not after what you just did.", she managed
to reply between deep breaths, trying to regain control of herself.  I did
it now, but I don't care.  I'd do it again and again if I wanted to.
                   "Washu, I need my head back, so be a sweetie and let
go.", I tried again, but still no movement came from Washu.  I realized,
however, that she might not be letting me go for a reason.  We are in
public, so I figured out that the people in the theatre heard her scream and
turned around to investigate the noise.  Hiding the 'cause' of the
disturbance was her only cover, so I guessed she didn't want to blow it.
Good thinking, Washu.  I now know why you are the
Greatest-Scientific-Mind-In-The-Universe!!!!!
                   "Can I be released now? Please?", I begged again, hoping
the third time's a charm.
                   "OK, you naughty boy. Up you go.", she said plainly, her
breathing fully restored to normal.  Her legs still twitched, though, so she
wasn't out of the woods completely yet.  Her aftershocks were in full swing,
and I smiled wickedly at the sight of them taking over her involuntarily.  I
love it when I cause these things to happen!!!!!
                   I sat up and savored her scent all over my lips and chin.
  God, that odor drives me nuts! She grabbed my hand and held it tightly,
waiting for the shocks to subside.  I focused my attention to the movie now,
but I can feel her green, lovely eyes look upon me.  I wonder what's going
on in there, but since she's a woman, I found it best to leave it alone -
for now.  Then I felt her hand leave mine and caress my cheek, turning my
head towards hers.  We now were face-to-face, staring lovingly into each
other's eyes.  No words were spoken, only our faces drawing closer to each
other.  I kissed her softly once our lips met, and her tongue seductively
parted my lips, accessing the inner portions of my mouth.  Mine did the
same, enjoying the flavor only her mouth can provide.  Out tongues danced
for a while, then she started to lick all around my lips and chin - the very
places her scent and juices hit moments earlier.  She began to suck on my
chin, getting whatever cum she could get that was left over on me.  I loved
this new feeling, and then the same feeling came when she started sucking on
each lip, alternating whenever she felt it was right to.  I felt my dick
spring to life while this went on, and I was hoping Washu wouldn't notice.
Too soon to speak those words, though.
                   "I see someone wants to play.  Guess it's your turn, huh,
big guy?", Washu said, a revenge-written smile crossing her face with those
words.  Oh, shit! I'm in trouble now, I thought.  Why did I have to get her
all hot and bothered? Maybe I shouldn't have.  Then again........
                   "Let's see what's behind curtain number one, shall we?",
she said as my zipper came down in the blink of an eye.  My erection came
flying out, standing at attention and awaiting orders.  I knew what was
coming (get it?) and braced myself for it.  She got a hold of my cock and
began stroking it slowly.  I hated when she did that - it made the torture
worse but the pleasure that much harder to resist.  My turn now to breathe
heavily, I thought as she went at a mercilessly slow pace.  She undid my
belt and pants button to make it easier for the both of us.  I tried to
focus on the movie and look as normal as possible, but that look washed away
from me as she put her mouth upon my entire rod in one shot!! My head
snapped back and my breathing had been reduced to a gasp at that moment.
Damn, she's good!!!! No, she's GREAT!!!!!!
                   I grabbed a hold of the armrests and squeezed the hell
out of them as Washu bobbed her head up and down on my dick.  She took great
pride in her precise movements, which were the equivalent of a group of
snails going uphill.  Her slow pace tormented me so, but when I begged for
her to go faster, my words fell on deaf ears.  She held her ground and went
very slowly on me.  My gasps became moans, my moans became grunts, and then
my grunts became whimpers.  This vocal cycle continued as she knew exactly
what she was doing to me.  That fiery mane of hers was the only thing I
could concentrate on as I was hypnotized by its steady pace and pleasurable
rhythm.  My eyes were shut tightly and my lips began to quiver.  I started
to moan loudly, and I felt Washu's lips smile as she heard my arousal taking
its peak.  She kept her form and let my end creep up on me ever so slowly.
I couldn't contain my voice any longer and started to cry out very loudly.
I wiggled all around in the confines of my seat and felt my hips thrust
forward out of instinct and pleasure.  My dickhead began to twitch and swell
with the impending orgasm I was about to release.
                   "Washu", I managed to get out in a whisper, "Please,
Washu, I can't take it anymore.  Please, baby.....", I gasped, but to no
avail.  She knew I would blow soon, and found this as a wonderful chance to
send me way over the edge.  Her fingers pushed up on my butthole as I got
ready to unleash hell in her warm, moist mouth.  A loud grunt escaped me as
I felt my cum bolt out of my cock in powerful spurts.  My head flung back as
my hips rocked to each pulse of semen that shot out of me and down her
awaiting throat.  Her smile could not be contained as she swallowed every
shot and that's what got me - her eyes.  They watched me in awe as my orgasm
washed over me, following my every facial expression and recording them for
future use.
                   I gathered my senses and looked around, only to have
everyone in the theatre turn toward my direction.  I gave a shy grin while
trying to get my composure back.  My breathing was a dead giveaway, however,
until I had enough courage to say, "Wow, cool movie so far, huh?"
                   That sounded so gay, but it was enough to deter them from
prying any further.  Washu licked me clean as I tried to recover, but with
her mouth, can you say, "Mission: Impossible!!"? I managed to, though, and
when I looked upon her, her eyes were still filled with longing and lust.  I
motioned for her to head to the exit, and as she did so, I zipped up and ran
out of there.  We held each other's hands and made a B-line straight to the
van.  Out of breath once we got there, I fumbled around in my pockets for
the keys.  I got them out, unlocked the back door, and climbed inside.
Washu soon followed, and I dropped the seats so we can have more romping
room.
                   No sooner than I had the seats down I had Washu down.
Rather, she had me down below her, her top already half undone.  I got the
message and unbuttoned the rest of it for her.  She was undoing my pants and
had slid them down far enough for her taste.  I disposed of her shirt and
licked my chops at the glorious sight of her large breasts, imprisoned by a
lace bra.  I decided to set them free, and with one hand, accomplished my
goal.  The other hand was fiddling with her sex, working up her arousal and
getting her deeper 'in the mood'.  I sit up and suck on each of her
mouth-watering nipples, giving each of them their just desserts. This was
too much for her, and I was glad that I made her feel like a woman and
pleasured her like one.  Her fingers messed up my hair as she ran them
through it, but I was so enchanted by her beauty and lust that it didn't
phase me at all.  What she did next, however, did.
                   My hand was removed from her cunt and replaced with my
stiff manhood.  I felt her move the head around, moistening the tip and
getting it ready for insertion.  I moaned at the sensation and continued to
give her the tongue lashing her beautiful tits deserved.  I then felt myself
slide in effortlessly, covering me with a wet warmth I knew all too well.
Her moan made it complete, and my attention diverted from her breasts to her
entire well being.  I got on my back and took in the view of my darling
Washu riding me for all it's worth.  The sounds of her moaning, her wet
snatch accommodating my dick in and out of her, and her breathing all became
too much for me to take in.  I had to hold out - I didn't want to wimp out
on her like this, although for her to make me lose it first would only give
her bragging rights.  Fuck that!!!! I'm no punk and will NOT succumb to this
without a fight.  I put my mind somewhere else, and she read my face
perfectly.  She did the one thing I wished she wouldn't - she tightened her
lips around my cock.  Ooh, bad girl! Bad girl! I mean good, but you know
what I mean, right?....
                   Fine - two can play at that game!!!! I arched my hips
upward and lifted her petite form off the van floor.  She hates when I do
this because she can't really do much except hover off the floor.  Ha - take
that, Washu!!  She pouted and gave me the sad look that I hate to see from
her.  I didn't care at that point, so I placed my arms underneath her legs
and bounced her up and down on my shaft.  Her pout vanished and was replaced
with a face full of ecstasy.  Her screaming soon followed, due to the fact
that I forcefully bounced her up and down and she had no control over what
was happening to her.  Her final scream was in conjunction with her orgasm,
coating me completely and leaking out on to my thighs.  Her legs shook
violently and her voice became silent as the rest of it took hold and
wouldn't let go until it was over.  There went my willpower as I wound up
opening my own floodgates and releasing a barrel full of hot semen into her
awaiting orifice.  She cooed as the new warmth took its place over hers.
Panting and exhausted, we held each other tightly and allowed our breathing
to be the only noise in the van.
                   We managed to get dressed and head for home.  Washu had
her head resting comfortably on my shoulder as I drove.  How I accomplished
this I still do not know.  We made it back safely and proceeded to open the
door.  Sasami had still been up watching a late movie, so she was the first
to see us come in.  Washu's hair was a mess, her clothes were all wrinkled,
and her makeup got smudged.  My appearance wasn't all that great, either,
but we had our reasons, right? Anyway, Sasami cheerfully asked us, "How was
the movie?"
                   "What movie?", I replied, not realizing I had two
seductive globes looking upon me as though this night was far from over.
Once I realized what I had said, I kicked myself in the butt and escorted
Washu to her lab, leaving Sasami to ponder the answer she had been given.
As I was about to enter the lab behind Washu, I heard a childlike giggle
escape Sasami's lips.  The same escaped through mine, especially since my
stomach growled at me, reminding me that dinner had been forgotten about.  I
think certain 'hungers' got taken care of for today, don't you
think?.............

----------------------FIN---------------------