This is a lemon.  If you are under eighteen, please press the 
back button on your browser.  This is just a pointless lemon, 
written for kicks.  Please do not take it seriously.  Tenchi
Muyo is not mine.  It belongs to AIC.  

When Goddesses Attack

	Ryoko opened her eyes and sighed in contentment as she 
felt someone kissing their way up her neck.  Her hand rested 
against that person's head.  She looked down and found that her 
fingers were tangled in light blue hair.  She blinked at the 
sight.  Tsunami, complete with light blue kimono, was lying on 
top of her, planting gentle kisses on her neck and shoulders.
	It threw her for a second, but the feelings she was 
experiencing made up for it.  She sighed again.  As dreams went 
this one was definitely weird, but pleasantly so.  Unlike the 
prudish princess she lived with, Ryoko had no aversion to 
experiencing the love of another woman, even though she'd much 
rather experience it with Tenchi.  Even so, she saw no reason 
to try to wake up, when she'd much rather just lie here and 
enjoy the dream.
	She felt Tsunami's hand reach up caress her face, moving 
up to run her fingers through Ryoko's hair.  Ryoko gasped 
slightly as she felt Tsunami's tongue flick out and tickle her 
ear.  Ryoko smiled and pulled Tsunami's head closer.  She 
sighed.
	"Do you know what makes this even more wonderful, Ryoko?" 
Tsunami whispered in her ear.
	Ryoko closed her eyes.  "No," she replied quietly, 
beginning to really get into the dream.  "What?"
	Tsunami nibbled on her earlobe.  "The fact that it's not 
a dream."
	"Huh?!"
	Ryoko blinked and looked up.  The dream world vanished 
and was replaced by the walls of her room.  Tsunami sat up and 
straddled the demon, smiling down at her peacefully.
	"Tsunami!  What the hell!?"
	Ryoko tried to reach up to push the ship/goddess off of 
her, but found that her hands were chained to the bedpost.  
She blinked in shock.  
	Tsunami bent down and kissed her gently, sucking on the 
demon's bottom lip for a moment.  "Oh, Ryoko.  Please don't 
be mad.  It's just so lonely on that ship all by myself..."
	"So go to Noboyuki's room!"
	Tsunami blinked.  "I can't do that!"
	"Why not?!"
	Tsunami blushed.  "Because...he's a man..."  She whispered 
conspiritorially.  "He'd see me naked!"
	Ryoko gave her a rather puzzled look.
	Tsunami nuzzled Ryoko's neck.  "But you, you Ryoko...
You're a woman.  You understand how women feel.  What we 
need..."
	"Let me go!"
	Tsunami blinked.  "Why?"
	"I don't want to do this!"
	"But you wanted to a minute ago,"  Tsunami pointed out.  
She began to move down Ryoko's neck.  It was at this moment 
that Ryoko realized she was naked.
	"Okay!  Time to go!"  Ryoko said and concentrated on 
dematerializing.
	Nothing happened.
	Tsunami giggled.  Her tongue darted out and caressed 
one of Ryoko's nipples.  "Ryoko, I'm a goddess.  Do you really 
think I can't suppress your powers whenever I want?"
	"Let me up!"  Ryoko shouted.
	Tsunami sat up again, straddling her.  "No."
	"I MEAN IT, TSUNAMI!  LET ME GO!"
	Tsunami blinked.  "No."
	Jeez, it was like talking to a brick wall!  "Tsunami, 
let me up right now, or I'll tell Tenchi about what you're 
doing!"
	Tsunami stared down at her.  "You think he'd want to 
join us?!"  She blushed suddenly.  
	Ryoko began to panic.  If Tsunami could subdue her, 
imagine what she might do to Tenchi if she decided to go after 
him.  "YOU STAY AWAY FROM HIM!"
	"So you want me all to yourself, huh?"  Tsunami kissed 
her again.  "Well, I guess I can..."
	Suddenly the door opened.  
	"Ryoko!  Really!  Can't you keep it do..."  Aeka blinked 
as she saw what was happening.  
	Tsunami blinked back at her.
	"Aeka!  Help!"
	Aeka stared at Tsunami and Ryoko.
	Tsunami stared back.
	Aeka took a step back.  "Terribly sorry to interrupt."  
She closed the door.  Her footsteps could be heard fleeing the 
scene.
	Tsunami kissed Ryoko's forehead and hopped off the bed.  
"Be right back!"  With that, she rushed out the door and after 
Aeka.

	Tenchi descended the stairs and entered the kitchen, 
intent on getting a glass of water.  He blinked when he saw 
Sasami at the table.  
	"Sasami?  What are you doing up?"
	Sasami looked up at him and yawned.  "I couldn't sleep, 
Tenchi."
	"Did you have a scary dream?"
	"No,"  Sasami said with a shake of her head.  "I just 
feel restless.  I don't know why."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Well, how about I stay up with you then?"
	Sasami brightened visibly.  
	"Okay, how about we play a game?"
	"Okay!  I'll make some tea if you go get a game!"
	Tenchi nodded.  "All right."

	"Thanks for the help, Aeka,"  Ryoko said bitterly to the 
now, naked princess lying on the bed next to her.
	Aeka, chained to the bed the same way Ryoko was, glared at 
her.  "Well how was I supposed to know you were Tsunami's whore?!"
	"I AM NOT TSUNAMI'S WHORE!"
	Tsunami knelt down and kissed Aeka.  "You're both my 
whores," she told her with a smile.  Aeka struggled.
	"I command you to release me!"  Aeka ordered.
	"Us!"  Ryoko corrected.
	"Er...yes of course,"  Aeka said.
	Tsunami nuzzled the princess' neck.  "But why?  Don't 
you like this?"
	"No!  I most certainly do not!"
	"Ryoko likes it."
	"Hey!"  Ryoko protested.
	Aeka rolled her eyes.  "I'm not surprised.  But *I* am a 
woman of high moral character, and I do not approve of such 
things!  Now let me up!"
	Tsunami grinned at her and began working her way down 
Aeka's stomach, moving steadily downward.
	"What do you think you're doing!?  Stop that!"
	Tsunami didn't stop.  She moved downward.
	"Don't you dare!"  She suddenly gasped as Tsunami's 
tongue reached its destination.  Aeka's eyes went wide.
	"Just relax,"  Tsunami's gentle voice whispered.
	"I...I will not!"  Aeka gasped.  Her eyes closed.  She 
shivered slightly.
	Ryoko blinked as this occurred.  "Um...Well...Now that 
Aeka's here, you don't need me!  If you just undo the chains, 
I'll be on my way!"
	Tsunami jumped up and kissed Ryoko suddenly and deeply.  
Ryoko's eyes went wide.  "Not so fast,"  Tsunami whispered after 
they had parted.  "You're next.  Just be patient," she whispered.  
"I'll get back to you in a minute."
	"No hurry,"  Ryoko said quickly.
	"Yes, no hurry,"  Aeka whispered.  Her eyes shot open as 
she realized what she had just said.  Ryoko stared at her in 
shock.  
	Tsunami smiled at Aeka.  "Don't worry, I won't."  She 
kissed Aeka again and undid the catches on her own kimono before 
moving back down between Aeka's legs.

	Tenchi looked up at the ceiling as he heard Aeka cry out.  
A second later, he heard Ryoko.
	"Hey!  Stop that!"
	Tenchi shook his head and rolled the dice.  "Those two 
are constantly fighting!"  He moved the race car six places on 
the Monopoly board.  "I swear, it's all they ever do together."
	"Ha!"  Sasami cried victoriously.  "Park Place!  You owe 
me two hundred and sixty five thousand yen, Tenchi!"
	"But that cleans me out!"  he complained.
	"Mortgage something."
	"I don't have anything left!"
	"Then I win!"
	Tenchi sighed.  They both looked up as Ryoko cried out.  
	"Jeez, you'd think they'd at least wait until morning 
before fighting.  There are people in this house trying to 
sleep."
	
	Tsunami kissed Ryoko again.  The demon was gasping for 
breath now.  "Do you like that, Ryoko?"  Tsunami asked.  "I want 
you to enjoy yourself.  If you prefer I do something different, 
just say so."  She massaged Ryoko's left tit and bent down, 
gently nipping at it with her teeth.  Ryoko gasped, a low moan 
escaping her lips.  "Tenchi doesn't do this for you, does he?"  
Tsunami asked playfully.  She brought her fingers up and put 
them in Ryoko's mouth, allowing her to suck on them.
	"And he never will, either!"  Aeka told her.
	Tsunami moved over to Aeka and kissed her.  "Let Ryoko 
dream....Ow!"  She sat up and looked at her fingers.  Ryoko had 
bit her!  She grabbed Ryoko by the hair and leaned close.  
"So...you *like* rough."  There was no anger in her voice, 
only understanding, as if she had suddenly realized that she 
was doing something wrong.
	"Um...No, actually...Ow!"  Tsunami gave Ryoko's hair a 
good tug, then knelt down and began kissing her neck again, this 
time adding little nips of emphasis with her teeth.  Her other 
hand went down and pinched her nipples.  Ryoko gasped in a 
mixture of pleasure and pain.
	"Well, don't look at me!"  Aeka told her.  "I don't like 
it rough!"
	Tsunami paused and stared at her.  "I'm sorry!  Am I 
neglecting you, my little princess?"
	"Um..no, I'm fine!"  
	Tsunami moved over her and stroked Aeka's hair.  "You know, 
it would be even better if I didn't do all the work myself."
	"JUST WHAT ARE YOU SUGGESTING!?"
	Tsunami bent down and nibbled Aeka's ear.  "I'm suggesting," 
she whispered, "That you help me help you."
	"And just why would I...Ooomf!"  This sound came as 
Tsunami pulled Aeka's head to her breasts.
	"That's it,"  Tsunami gasped out.  "That's good."  She 
closed her eyes and arched her back.
	"Aeka!"  Ryoko cried.  "I can't believe you're actually 
getting into this!"
	Tsunami glared at her.  "Quiet!  I still have to punish 
you!  So you'd better behave!"
	Ryoko's blood went cold.  It looked like her small act of 
defiance was going to cost her.

	"Mihoshi!  I'm telling you, it's your imagination!"  
Kiyone told her partner as they made their way down the hall.
	"But Kiyone!"  Mihoshi whined.  "I could swear I heard 
someone crying for help!"
	"I don't hear anything, Mihoshi,"  Kiyone told her 
seriously.  "You just had a bad dream."
	"It's not a dream!  Listen!"
	Kiyone blinked and remained quiet.  She could just make 
out voices coming from down the hall.
	"Oh, please!  PLEASE!"  Someone, it sounded like Ryoko, 
was saying.
	"Ryoko's in trouble!"  Mihoshi said.  "Come on!"
	"She's probably just fighting with Aeka, or trying to 
seduce Tenchi again.  Let it go!"
	"But Kiy-oooooooooneeeeeee!"
	Kiyone growled.  "Okay, okay...We'll check it out."  They 
approached the door to Ryoko's room and knocked.
	All sound at the other side of the door stopped.
	"Um...Yes?"  Ryoko called out from the other side.
	"Ryoko?"  Mihoshi called out.  "Are you okay?"
	"Um....Er....Yeah."
	Kiyone gestured to the door.  "You see?  She's fine."
	"There's something wrong,"  Mihoshi whispered.  "Ryoko, 
I'm coming in!"
	"Um...You don't wanna do that!"
	"Yes, I do!"
	"Trust me, no you don't!"
	"I'm coming in!"  With that last announcement, Mihoshi 
threw the door open and darted inside.  Kiyone followed her, 
more intent on stopping her partner than actually assisting.  
They stopped and blinked in shock when the saw what was going 
on.
	Ryoko and Aeka were both chained to the bed.  Ryoko had a 
collar and leash on for some unknown reason.  Aeka was red in 
embarrassment.
	"We'll come back later,"  Kiyone said.  Mihoshi blushed, 
embarrassed that she had interrupted something she was obviously 
not meant to see.  They both turned...
	Tsunami stood there, shutting the door and locking it.  
She smiled at them.
	"Ms. Tsunami?"  Mihoshi asked, blinking.  
	Tsunami smiled at them.  

	"King me!"  Sasami ordered.
	Tenchi rolled his eyes and placed a checker piece on top 
of the one Sasami was pointing at.  "You're too good at these 
games," he said with a shake of his head.
	Sasami giggled.  "We can play something else if you want."
	"Nah."
	They both looked up at the ceiling as several sudden thumps 
could be heard.
	"God, I hope they haven't actually started a fist fight 
up there,"  Tenchi said.  Sasami just nodded in agreement.

	"Mihoshi,"  Kiyone said, trying to hold onto her calm, "As 
I stand here, I can't help but comment that if you had just gone 
back to sleep like I suggested, this wouldn't be happening."  
Kiyone tugged on the chains holding her against the wall for 
emphasis.
	Mihoshi, chained to the far wall, whimpered guiltily.  
"I'm sorry, Kiyone."
	"Don't be sorry, Mihoshi,"  Tsunami said, giving the 
blonde a quick kiss.  "I promise you'll enjoy this.  We're going 
to play a game."
	"Oh!  I like games!"
	Kiyone sighed in resignation.  "Idiot..."
	"So what kind of game are we going to..."  Mihoshi broke 
off as Tsunami's mouth clamped over her right nipple.  "Oh...Oh 
my..."
	"Well, at least she's stopped with us,"  Ryoko whispered 
to Aeka.  Tsunami raised her hand.  The end of Ryoko's leash 
was secure in her fingers.  Without turning her attention from 
Mihoshi's breast, she gave the chain a sharp tug.  Ryoko gagged.
	"Well, that's what you get,"  Aeka admonished her.  "You 
couldn't just let it go, oh no!  You had to make a statement!"
	Tsunami turned to them.  "While I'm playing with Mihoshi, 
you could be working on each other, you know.  You're making this 
whole thing harder than it has to be."
	"WHAT!?  I'm not gonna do that!  No way!"  Ryoko cried.
	"Neither am I!"  Aeka agreed.
	Tsunami tugged on the chain again.  "Ryoko....Kiss Aeka."
	"WHAT!?"
	She tugged the chain again, and Ryoko gagged.  
	"I said kiss her!  I'm sick of seeing the two of you fight!  
Now kiss and make up!"
	"I'm not gonna...Gaugh!"  she finished as Tsunami tugged 
the leash again.
	"I said...kiss and make up,"  Tsunami told her, voice 
laced with just a touch of menace.
	Ryoko sighed and turned towards Aeka.  Aeka blinked in 
shock.  
	"Oh, no you're not!"  Aeka told her.
	"Oh, yes she is,"  Tsunami contradicted her.  "And unless 
a certain princess wants to wear a leash, she's gonna kiss and 
make up.  Right now."
	Aeka gulped.   Ryoko maneuvered closer to her.  She 
lifted her chin up, intending to give Aeka just a quick kiss to 
mollify the blue haired bitch goddess.  Their lips met.  
Suddenly, Ryoko felt Tsunami's hand on the back of her head, 
keeping Ryoko from pulling away from Aeka.
	"And I want to see tongue!"  Tsunami told her.  
	"This is just too weird,"  Kiyone commented to herself.
	Tsunami looked up at her.  Kiyone tensed, realizing that 
she had just brought attention to herself.
	"Oh, dear!  I'm neglecting you, aren't I!?"
	Kiyone thought fast.  "Um....No!  I'm into voyeurism!  I 
just like to watch!"
	Tsunami blinked and smiled broadly.  "Oh!  I see!  Then 
you just relax and enjoy yourself!"  With that, Tsunami turned 
back to Ryoko and Aeka, who were now frenching each other as 
if they meant it.
	Kiyone breathed a sigh of relief.
	"But Kiyone..."  Mihoshi began.
	<Oh God, please, make her shut up!>  Kiyone thought 
frantically.
	"I thought you said..."
	<PLEASE SHUT UP!  PLEASE!>
	"I thought you said you liked it when a guy would..."
	"YOU WERE WRONG, MIHOSHI!  SHUT UP!"
	"No, Mihoshi,"  Tsunami said, staring at Kiyone.  
"Continue."
	"Well..."
	"Oh my god, this can't be happening,"  Kiyone said 
dejectedly.
	"Kiyone told me once that this guy she was dating really 
knew how to use his tongue.  She said it was one of the best 
times she had ever had."
	"Mihoshi,"  Kiyone whispered, closing her eyes angrily.  
"Assuming we survive this, I'm going to murder you *and* your 
family to make sure that it is *impossible* for another person 
like you to come into existence..."  She opened her eyes and 
found Tsunami's pink eyes staring right into hers.
	"Why didn't you just say so, Kiyone?"  Tsunami asked her 
with a smile.  She knelt down in front of the GP.  
	"Hey!  No!  Stop that!  I..."  She broke off and gasped as 
she felt Tsunami's tongue begin to probe her most sensitive 
areas.  Her eyes widened.
	"Mihoshi!"  Kiyone cried.  "You..are.....so...."  Kiyone's 
eyes clenched shut, a whimper of pleasure made its way past 
her lips.  "Dead!" she finished.
	Kiyone whimpered again and strained against her bonds.  
Suddenly, she cried out, her eyes clenched shut as an intense 
orgasm rocked her body.  Tsunami stood up and kissed her 
passionately.  Tsunami looked into Kiyone's eyes as they 
separated.  "Like that?"  she asked.
	Kiyone was still breathing hard.
	"Wow, Kiyone!"  Mihoshi noted.
	Kiyone's eyes narrowed at the sound of her partner's voice.  
"Mihoshi likes S and M,"  she told Tsunami.
	"Huh?!"  Mihoshi asked when she heard this.
	Tsunami smiled and turned to Mihoshi.  She threw a quick 
look at Aeka and Ryoko, who were necking furiously on the bed.  
"Awwww!  Isn't that cute!?"
	Kiyone arched an eyebrow.  "Yeah, adorable," she said 
sarcastically.
	"Oh, don't be jealous, Kiyone,"  Tsunami said.  She kissed 
Kiyone again.  "I know," she said with a wicked gleam in her 
eye.  She leaned over and whispered in Kiyone's ear.  Kiyone's 
eyes went wide.  
	"No!  Uh uh!  Do *not* do that!"
	Tsunami grinned and waved her hand.  The chains holding 
Ryoko's hands to the bedpost snapped open.  Immediately, the 
demon's arms encircled Aeka.  Tsunami tugged on the leash.  Ryoko 
and Aeka separated.  The demon looked up at Tsunami.
	"Come here, Ryoko,"  Tsunami ordered.  Ryoko sighed and 
made her way to Tsunami.  "I need to see to Mihoshi, so you 
have fun with Kiyone."
	They both shook their heads.  Tsunami frowned.  "Ryoko...
Pleasure Kiyone....Now."  She placed her hand on Ryoko's head 
and guided her between Kiyone's legs.  "Now I want to hear the 
detective enjoying herself...or else."

	Sasami threw her cards down.  "Straight flush!"
	Tenchi growled in disgust and threw his own cards onto the 
table.  "There goes that computer I was saving up for," he 
muttered as Sasami raked her winnings toward her.
	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  I won't keep your money.  This is 
just for fun."
	They looked up as they heard Mihoshi cry out.  
	"Sounds like Mihoshi and Kiyone tried to break up another 
fight,"  Tenchi commented.
	"Are you going to go up there, Tenchi?"  Sasami asked.
	Tenchi shook his head.  "Nope.  They should know by now 
not to get between Ryoko and Aeka when they fight.  They deserve 
whatever they get.  How about another hand?"

	"Oh God!  Oh God!"  Kiyone gasped.  She arched her back, 
and the chains holding her to the wall were pulled taut.  Her 
eyes were shut as she gasped for breath.  She tried to squirm 
away, but Ryoko had a good hold of her waist.
	Meanwhile, Tsunami was handling a coiled whip.  "Hmmm...
It's been awhile since I've used one of these."  She cracked it 
over her head to make sure she remembered how to use it and 
grinned triumphantly.  She turned to Aeka, alone and chained 
on the bed.  "As soon as I'm done disciplining Mihoshi, I'll 
come back and pay attention to you, okay?"  She caressed Aeka's 
cheek with the whip handle, allowing it to trail down between 
her breasts, down her stomach, and stop between her legs.
	Aeka squirmed a little as Tsunami used the whip handle to 
massage her clit.  "Be right back,"  Tsunami promised, and turned 
away, leaving Aeka gasping on the bed.  "Now then, Mihoshi..."  
Mihoshi trembled fearfully.  "We're going to play another game."  
	Before she could go any farther, the door opened.
	They all turned and saw Washu standing there.
	Washu arched an eyebrow and looked at Tsunami.  "Oh, jeez, 
Sister.  Again?!  I told you I'd be up in a few minutes!"
	"But Sister!"  Tsunami whined.  "It's so lonely up there, 
and then you make a date and break it!  What am I supposed to 
do!?"
	"Well, I can tell  you that you're *not* supposed to kidnap 
young girls and have your way with them.  That's what Tenchi's 
for."
	Tsunami sighed and hung her head sadly.  "I'm sorry, 
Sister."
	Washu smiled.  "It's okay.  Now why don't you go back to 
your ship, and I'll be up in a few minutes, okay?"
	Tsunami brightened visibly. "Okay!"  She approached Mihoshi 
and kissed her.  "I'm sorry, Mihoshi.  I'll have to discipline 
you another time."
	"Um...Sure, no problem!"  Mihoshi said.
	She went to Kiyone and Ryoko, who were staring at her and 
Washu in shock.  She kissed them both.  "I'm glad you had a nice 
time."  She went over to the bed and kissed Aeka.  "And I'm 
glad you and Ryoko are such good friends now."  With that last 
bit, she disappeared.
	"Well, I have to go,"  Washu said.  "We've all seen what 
she's like when I'm late.  Toodles!"  With that, she 
disappeared out the door.
	The girls heaved a collective sigh.
	"Okay, Ryoko.  Now get us out of this,"  Kiyone ordered.
	Ryoko started to unchain Kiyone but froze.  "How are we 
going to explain this to Tenchi?"
	Kiyone snorted.  "We're not.  As far as I'm concerned, this 
never happened.  Now lemme out!"
	Ryoko unchained Kiyone and Mihoshi, and the two practically 
ran from the room, afraid that the goddess would return any 
minute.  
	Aeka nodded at Ryoko.  "Okay, get me out of this!"
	Ryoko smiled.  "What's your hurry?"
	"What?!"  Aeka struggled in her chains.  Ryoko lowered 
herself onto the bed and caressed Aeka's cheek.  
	"You didn't seem to care a few minutes ago,"  Ryoko 
commented.
	"That was different!  I didn't have a choice."
	"Come on, little princess, it wasn't so bad."  She bent 
forward and kissed Aeka, then planted a trail of little kisses 
down the princess' neck to her breasts.
	"Hey!  Stop that!"  Aeka cried.  Ryoko didn't stop.  
Instead, she continued down Aeka's stomach.  
	"You seemed to get a kick out of it when Tsunami did this,"  
Ryoko told her mischievously as she kissed Aeka's inner thigh.
	"Ah!  Hey!  Stop that this instant!"  Aeka's breath came 
in short gasps.  "S...Stop that..."  She closed her eyes and 
moaned under her breath.  Ryoko giggled as she continued to 
massage Aeka's clit with her tongue.  Aeka gasped out and let 
out a low moan as waves of pleasure rocked her.  Ryoko moved 
up and began to nip at Aeka's nipples with her teeth, being 
careful to cause only a gentle, pleasurable pain.
	The demon moved up and whispered in the princess' ear.  
"If I untie you, are you going to run?"  Aeka paused.  "If you 
do, I'll have to chase you,"  Ryoko told her.  "And tie you up 
again."  She nibbled Aeka's ear lobe and waited for her to answer.
	"N...No."
	Ryoko rubbed Aeka's right tit and moved around to her other 
ear, her tongue darted and caressed the delicate skin there.  
"No?" she whispered.  "Are you sure?"
	Aeka shivered.  "Yes."
	"Good,"  Ryoko said with a smile.  "Remember, if you do, 
I'll have to come after you."  She kissed her and sucked on her 
bottom lip.  "Do you understand?"
	"Y..Yes,"  Aeka whispered.
	Ryoko kissed her again and reached up, unlocking the 
cuff around Aeka's right wrist.  Aeka immediately reached out 
and ran her fingers through Ryoko's cyan locks.  They 
continued to kiss.
	Aeka waited for Ryoko to unlock the other cuff and was 
surprised when she didn't.  Ryoko realized what she was 
thinking and smiled down at her.  "I think you'll run."
	"I won't run,"  Aeka told her.  "Untie me."
	"Oh, no,"  Ryoko said.  "You want me to untie you, you 
have to earn it."  She took Aeka's free hand and moved it between 
her legs.  Aeka's eyes went wide.  "Go ahead,"  Ryoko urged her, 
kissing her neck.  "Go on."
	Ryoko grinned as she felt Aeka's fingers begin to knead 
her clit.  "Mmmm, that's good, Aeka.  Keep going."  Ryoko's eyes 
closed, her breathing became quicker, more labored.  "Don't stop.  
Don't stop," she repeated.  She moved down and kissed Aeka 
again urgently.  Their lips locked together, Ryoko cries were 
muffled.  She inserted two fingers into Aeka's pussy.  Aeka 
cried out against Ryoko's mouth, her own fingers took on a 
more urgent rythm.  Their tongues played against one another 
as the two continued pleasure one another.  Suddenly, they broke 
away from one another, crying out as they reached nirvana.  
Ryoko collapsed against Aeka, gasping for breath.  She lay 
there and kissed Aeka's delicate neck, gently caressing her 
as they lay together on the bed.
	
	"Good night, Tenchi,"  Sasami said as she reentered her 
room.
	"Good night, Sasami,"  Tenchi replied on his way to his 
own room.  As he passed Ryoko's room, the door opened.  Aeka and 
Ryoko stood there, their hair in a mess.  "Have you two been 
fighting again?"  he asked, his eyes narrowed.
	They looked at him, then to each other, then back to him 
again.  They hung their heads and nodded quietly.
	He sighed.  "I really wish the two of you could learn to 
get along."
	"We're sorry, Tenchi,"  they said in unison.
	"I'm going to bed.  Try to keep it down, okay?  There are 
people trying to sleep."
	"Yes, Tenchi," they said as one.
	Tenchi entered his room and closed the door behind him.
	"Do you think we should tell him?"  Ryoko asked.
	Aeka looked at her in shock. "What!?  Are you insane!?"
	Ryoko grinned.  "It might make him jealous enough to make 
up his mind."
	"Or it might give him a heart attack!"
	Ryoko sighed.  "I guess you're right."  She grinned evilly.  
"So...when do you want to do it again?"
	Aeka blinked.  "I don't think so!"
	"Am I going to have to come after you?  Tie you up again?"
	Aeka gasped.  "You...You had better not!"
	Ryoko took a step toward her.  Aeka backed away a pace in 
fear.  Ryoko leaned up and nibbled at her ear.  "We'll play it 
as it goes for now," she whispered.  "See you in the onsen."  
With that, she disappeared.
	Aeka sighed.  It seemed that her life had just become that 
much more complicated.


Send flames to:
Wilhelm Canaris
Abwehr@otakumail.com