I do not own any of the DBZ characters or any of the Tenchi Muyo characters. I am 
simply using them to create the best Fan Fic of all time, but that's only my opinion. So I 
give great thinks to the owners of DBZ and Tenchi Muyo for creating these characters 
and I hope you enjoy my story.

          Vegeta fists sliced through the air as he trained hard through the afternoon day. He 
threw one punch right and one left, then repeating the pattern all over again. A bead of 
sweat trickled down his left cheek after three hours of training. His forearm muscles 
bulged with each thrust of power each punch carried and he could feel his strength just 
barely grow. He remembered the battle with Cell and it angered him to not be able to 
grow his power.
        "I need a sparring partner, where is Kakorot," Vegeta screamed out. Vegeta reached 
deep inside his mind and tried to sense Kakorot's power level. Vegeta's gaze stretched 
around the mountainside until it came across a bright ball forming on the horizon. 
Vegeta's eyes grew wide as the ball exploded into the afternoon air and covered a great 
distance of mountainside. "What happened over there, it better not be Kakorot and his 
pitiful son," Vegeta thought to himself. A transparent flame sparked around Vegeta as he 
lifted himself into the air and boosted himself forward. Vegeta could feel the wind sweep 
past his face and the ground speed past him as he came closer to the site of the explosion. 
          Two beams of energy jet past him almost scratching his face as he came closer to 
what he could now make out was a battleground. Explosions blew across the clearing as 
each second past and Vegeta could now see three people. A smirk spread across Vegeta's 
face as his hair changed from black to yellow. A yellow energy flamed around him as he 
started clenching his fists. Vegeta jet towards the explosions and he now saw Cell 
fighting against Goku (Kakorot)! Vegeta's gaze suddenly fell across Frieza adding a face 
to the third person. 
            Goku's gaze suddenly fell across Vegeta with a terror gleaming in his eyes. 
"Vegeta, get over here now, I need your help!" Goku screaming through the air as a blast 
of energy connected with his stomach. 
          "You can leave now Kakorot, I will dispose with these two pitiful monsters," 
Vegeta laughed. Vegeta tightened his muscles and felt his power explode to the next 
degree. Vegeta blasted towards the two monsters with extreme speed and soon met Frieza 
with a punch. 
             "Ahaaaaaaaa, it's Vegeta!" Frieza screamed as he hit the side of a mountain.
           Cell turned and his gaze fell upon a most powerful Vegeta. "Well, well, well, it 
seems as if we have an uptight fag on our hands!" Cell laughed as he formed energy in 
his right hand. 
            Energy expanded around Vegeta and the ground started to rumble under his very 
feet. "You will pay dearly for checking me, Cell," Vegeta laughed and pulled both his 
hands to his right side. He watched as Frieza floated to the side of Cell and they both 
powered up. 
     "No don't Vegeta, you will destroy us all!" Goku yelled as he lifted up and ran 
towards the powering Vegeta. 
      "I don't care how you two got here but I am about to send you both back!" Vegeta 
laughed as a purple ball of energy formed into his hands. "Now prepare to once again feel 
the wrath of the Sayain Prince…GATLING GUN!" Vegeta pushed his hands forward and 
a titanic purple beam escaped his palms and drove its way towards the two villains.
      Two mammoth beams escape from Cell and Frieza just in time to meet Vegeta's 
power. 
       "Oh god, this is not good," Goku took one step backwards and he felt the earth being 
ripped right out from under him. A purple shade covered his gaze and then waves of pain 
fell upon him. Huge amounts of pressure launched him across the mountainside with 
incredible speed. Goku could feel his skin start to burn and his insides freeze, which 
cause an unusual feeling. The side of a mountain came into view and Goku felt his 
freezing heart sink. Then, just inches away from the mountain, Goku was plunged into 
total darkness!
          Tenchi ran down the long hallway with frightening speed to escape the grasp of 
Washu. He didn't feel like another experiment today, even though he always got the best 
of it.
         "Get back here Tenchi, it's time for an experiment," Washu laughed as she pulled a 
remote out from behind her back. She smiled and pushed the button in the middle of the 
remote. She watched, as Tenchi's useless efforts plunged him into the portal that 
appeared in the middle of the living room. She smiled and suddenly fell through the floor 
back to her laboratory. 
             "Washu, I don't feel like it today. Ryoko all ready wants me to go to the mall 
with her and Ayeka wants to take a walk in the park with me," Tenchi complained. 
"Don't complain Tenchi, if you will just harden up and loosen up then it will be over in 
seconds," Washu laughed. "That wasn't funny Washu," Tenchi said seriously. 
        Washu rolled her eyes and walked over to him holding a tube. She moved her 
fingers up and Tenchi floated through the air and was locked up against the wall. Washu 
straightened her pink hair and fixed up her attire for the "situation". She let what little 
cleavage she had show, her short skirt show off her legs, and her skirt tighten against her 
ass. 
           Tenchi could feel his cock harden under his pants as she neared him seductively. 
"Are you sure we should do this Washu, I mean, this might…. Wow, oh boy," Tenchi 
smiled as her hand slid down his pants and caressed his still hardening cock. He watched 
as she undid his pants and pulled them down around his ankles. 
            "Like I said, this will only take a few minutes," Washu smiled and slid her lips 
over his hard shaft. She started to slide back and forth on his cock feeling it throb against 
her lips. She moved faster as she heard a small moan escape from Tenchi's lips. 
              Tenchi couldn't argue with her statement; she had a very small and juicy mouth. 
He couldn't take the pleasure anymore and the sight of her touching herself was only 
pushing him closer to the edge. 
        Washu's luscious lips slid over his throbbing head countless times leaving a trail of 
saliva each time. Washu felt a sudden excitement as her lips felt the quick pulsing of 
orgasm in his penis. She started to slide off his penis but decided against it and slid down 
the entire length of his cock. 
          Tenchi suddenly let it go and unloaded three or four times into the back of Washu's 
throat. 
      Washu couldn't help but swallow it all and quench her thirst for Tenchi. She slid off 
his penis making sure to clean it of all the cum and dropped him to the floor with one 
quick hand movement. "So I'll see you tomorrow then Tenchi?" Washu asked while 
zipping her skirt up. 
       Tenchi raised himself up and started pulling up his pants. "Not again Washu," Tenchi 
complained, "I don't have the time, Grandpa, the girls, and dad have piles of work to do."
        "I'm sorry Tenchi but I need your semen for my new experiment," Washu replied.
         "But you just got my semen, just spit it into the test tube," Tenchi laughed. 
         Washu bit her lip and started to speak, "I kind of… swallowed it, oops." 
         Tenchi shook his head and walked over to the door exiting the lab. He opened it and 
walked out side zipping up his pants. Without a second to think a huge force hit Tenchi in 
the chest knocking him to the floor.
          "Oh Tenchi, where have you been my love, I have waited so long and I looked all 
over, and I…" 
        Tenchi shut her mouth with his hand and rolled his eyes towards her. "I was only 
gone for about seven minutes Ryoko!" Tenchi laughed. 
        Ryoko opened her mouth to say something but a screech interrupted the sentence 
before it started. 
         "Get your filthy hands off of Lord Tenchi you beast!" Ayeka exclaimed as she ran 
down the hallway with a transparent ball of energy floating around her. 
        "Oh no, Princess bitch is back. Lets go Tenchi," Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and flew 
through the roof, Tenchi breaking through the roof, and into the afternoon sky with a 
smirk on her face. Ryoko gazed around the countryside and darted towards a grove of 
trees slightly west of her position. They landed slightly softly and Tenchi tumbled into a 
bush.
       "Damn it Ryoko, why do you have to cause so much trouble!" Tenchi scream while 
rubbing his head. 
       "I'm sorry Tenchi, I just wanted you for a…" Ryoko's eyes widened as her gaze fell 
across the horizon. 
        Tenchi noticed terror in her eyes as she stood up with her mouth gaping. "What's 
wrong Ryoko?" Tenchi asked frightened. 
         "Something is coming this way, something big!" Ryoko was lost in her own gaze. 
She started to back up just a wave of purple light filled her gaze with terror. 
          Tenchi raised himself up and saw what was coming in their direction. A huge wall 
of purple was tearing everything in its path away and it was coming closer to their home.
     "Oh no Tenchi, embrace me before we die!" Ryoko shrieked and grabbed Tenchi 
close to her chest. Tenchi was clenched close to Ryoko but his gaze was still on the wall! 
As the wall neared them it started becoming transparent and soon it disappeared.
      "What in the hell was that!?" Tenchi screamed. Tenchi suddenly noticed two shady 
figures flying through the air with extreme speed, then two more just sitting in the field. 
       "Wow, this might not be so bad after all. They look kind of cute from over here," 
Ryoko felt her heart push Tenchi to the bottom and make room for the new comers. She 
floated away from Tenchi without warning and made her way across the countryside 
towards her new lovers, she was sure of it. 
         "I told you Kakorot! I destroyed them both in one blow," Vegeta laughed. 
          "I think we have other things to worry about, where are we?" Goku started to 
frown as his gaze met hundreds of places he didn't recognize. Then someone came into 
view, she was flying towards them. He thought they might not be to far from home if 
people can fly. "Hey boys, welcome to the Masaki household. I'm Ryoko the space 
pirate, who are you guys?" She asked. 
      Vegeta had his back turned towards her when he began to speak. "We have no need 
to make your acquaintance. So please tell us where…" Vegeta turned around and his jaw 
dropped at the site of Ryoko. "Well miss, it would be quite an honor to make your 
acquaintance," Vegeta walked over to the lovely woman letting his energy drop low for 
the greeting. 
     "It is very nice to meet you too," Ryoko smiled as her hand was taken by Vegeta's 
gloved fingers and kissed lightly. 
  "Excuse me miss, could you tell me where we are?" Goku asked. He moved over beside 
Vegeta and smiled at the young, or so it seemed, beauty. 
   "Shut up Kakorot, I still have to introduce myself," Vegeta boasted. Vegeta moved his 
gaze towards the lovely woman and began to speak. "I am Vegeta, the Prince of all 
sayains and the most powerful warrior to ever grace the universe!" He yelled with pride. 
     "It seems as if I am going to enjoy your company," Ryoko smiled as she rubbed her 
hand over his bulky chest. "But who is this handsome man over here," Ryoko switched 
her gaze to Goku. 
     "Grrrrr, that is Kakorot," Vegeta scowled.
      "The name is Goku, but where are we?" He asked but not really wanting to know. 
       "Where did you come from?" Ryoko asked.
     "We came from Orange Star City, or really the mountains around it," Goku smiled. 
     "Wow, never heard of that place, well anyway, I'm gonna go introduce you two to the 
family," Ryoko smiled. 
"We really can't miss…"Goku was interrupted. 
      "Shut up Kakorot, I don't want to go home to that woman just yet," Vegeta smirked 
as he followed Ryoko towards the large house in the distance.
      It was dinner in the Masaki household and Sasami was bringing out a delicious dinner 
of chicken and steak. 
      "Wow, you guys must come from another dimension or something," Sasami laughed 
as she carried some plates back into the kitchen.
       "What you guys can do just amazes me," Mihoshi smiled with true amazement in her 
eyes.
      "That's one thing you have to get used to, she is amazed by anything," Kiyone added 
after finishing her plate of chicken. 
     Goku was shoving food in his mouth left and right, which caused Ayeka to leave the 
table. "Well, I just want to thank you for your hospitality and kindness, but it's getting 
late," Goku's mouth was so full he spat meat when he talked. 
     "I can't wait to get you in bed… I mean, I can't wait to get in bed either," Ryoko 
smiled at Vegeta. Ryoko stood up and walked down the hallway towards the bedrooms. 
Vegeta smiled and stood up with his plate in hand. "I kindly thank you for the food but I 
have to be off to bed," Vegeta smiled and handed the plate to Sasami who had just 
entered the room. Vegeta walked down the same hallway and turned down another 
hallway towards Ryoko.
      "Wow, he's never acted that nice before, except for the time when he… Oh shit," 
Goku gasped.
     "What wrong Goku?" Mihoshi asked. 
      "Vegeta is about to cheat on his wife with Ryoko!" Goku exclaimed. Goku stood up 
but was stopped by a woman with pink hair.
       "This is perfect, Tenchi is off in the field and Ryoko is going to make love with 
someone else. This is definitely a perfect chance to chart Ryoko's hormone levels and her 
brain activity. Goku, come with me," Washu whispered in Goku's ear and took him off to 
her lab. 
         Vegeta slipped off his gloves as he made his way to Ryoko's room and soon met 
the door. "Excuse me miss, I would like to know- 
      "You can come in," Ryoko shouted from inside. 
       Vegeta smiled and opened the door to see what was going on inside. He saw nothing 
at first until Ryoko stepped into view. Her body was clearly visible through the 
transparent nightgown and her delicious curves filled his gaze. Vegeta's smirk fell across 
his face again as he dropped his gloves to the floor and made his way over to Ryoko.
        "The story of how you got here just aroused me. I mean, the way disposed of those 
monsters with one powerful blow, and I can't argue with the size of that explosion I saw 
today," Ryoko smiled and spread herself across the bed in the back of the room. 
     "I have more power than anyone could ever imagine, and the good thing is that it has 
more uses then for just fighting," Vegeta smirked at the creative line he had just used 
assuring himself that she wanted him. 
      "I can't wait any longer, the first time I saw you I knew I needed you in me!" Ryoko 
shouted as she watched Vegeta near the bed. 
      Vegeta climbed onto the soft mattress and put one arm around her to make sure she 
was in his grasp. Vegeta leaned in close and locked his lips with Ryoko's passionately.
      Ryoko wrapped her hand around the back of Vegeta's head and pulled him closer to 
her pleasant body.
    Vegeta slipped his tongue into her moist mouth and explored it to the deepest of extent. 
Their tongues danced with each other while Vegeta slowly removed the nightgown away 
from her breasts. His right hand slowly caressed Ryoko's left breast; their tongues still 
dancing away. Vegeta pulled back from Ryoko and slid down to her neck kissing it 
sensually. He slowly moved down to her breasts where he moved to the right one and 
kissed it lightly. His tongue snaked its way across her nipple and his right hand caressed 
her other breast. Vegeta then started moving his way down her stomach, kissing every 
each of skin he came across. Vegeta traced circles across her stomach as he neared her all 
ready wet cunt. Vegeta skipped across her gray pubic hair and found her womanhood. 
Vegeta's tongue snaked its way inside her wet pussy brushing her wet lips at the same 
time.
     Ryoko let out slight moans as Vegeta teased her womanhood. She could feel herself 
come to the brink of orgasm until Vegeta let her hormones reside for the time being. 
"Please stop teasing me Vegeta, I need you inside me now!" Ryoko screamed as she 
pulled Vegeta's head up and forced him on top of her.
      Vegeta let Ryoko push his pants to his ankles and pull his shirt off revealing his 
masculine chest. Vegeta grabbed her by the waist and fell onto his back pulling her with 
him. 
    Ryoko positioned herself above his stiff shaft and fell down letting it slide into her 
quickly. Ryoko placed her hands on Vegeta's chest and started to rock back and forth on 
Vegeta's hard on. 
   Vegeta started to bounce up and down sliding his cock far into her cunt. Vegeta slid his 
hands up Ryoko's body until they met her large breasts. Vegeta caressed them as she 
bounced on his cock with a continuous pattern. Vegeta let out a small, manly moan as he 
deeply felt the warmth of Ryoko's pussy around his cock.
    Ryoko started to let out loud moans as a strange aurora appeared around Vegeta. 
Ryoko watched, as Vegeta's hair changed from black to a bright yellow and the aurora 
turn yellow also. 
     Vegeta started to pump into Ryoko harder and harder as he felt his power level grow 
to extreme heights. Vegeta could feel Ryoko orgasm against his cock and her juices flow 
over his penis. Vegeta could feel his power level grow to SSJ 2 as his muscles tensed 
greatly and his cock unloaded deep inside her. As Vegeta unloaded for the fifth time he 
could feel his power level decrease and his body change drastically. Vegeta moaned as he 
collapsed back onto the bed and Ryoko collapse on top of him. 
    "My god Vegeta, you're the best!" Ryoko exhaustedly exclaimed. 
     "I all ready know woman, now move aside so I can get dressed," Vegeta delicately 
moved Ryoko aside and sat up rubbing his head. 
    "But don't you want to fall asleep in my arms!" Ryoko cried.
     "Don't be foolish woman, I never go a day without proper training and meditation. 
Where is the closest gym or something?" Vegeta asked.
 "Shut up you bastard, all you wanted was my pussy. I don't believe you, I can't believe 
you, just leave now!" Ryoko screamed loudly. 
  "Wrong answer woman," Vegeta laughed and grabbed her head with one swift 
movement. He then tossed her into the wall knocking her unconscious immediately.
Vegeta then took only moments to dress and leave into the night to train,
      It was morning in the Masaki household and Goku was up bright and early. He 
skipped breakfast after witnessing Vegeta and Ryoko on the monitor in Washu's lab, so 
he was comfortably lying on the couch watching WWF Live Wire. Goku had been 
excited all week about seeing the results for the Royal Rumble since he had missed it. 
Just as the Coach was about to give out the winner of the Royal Rumble Sasami turned 
down the Volume and walked in front of the television with urgency in her gaze. 
     "Sasami, please get out of the way, I need to- Goku was cut off.
    "It was mean enough of you skipping my breakfast, and now you are yelling at me, 
well see how nice I am too you from now on. Anyway, somebody is at the door for you," 
Sasami turned and walked down the hall away from Goku.
       Goku was surprised, who would want to see him out here. Goku got off the couch 
and walked over to the front door cautiously. He carefully turned the doorknob and 
opened the door, only to stare death right in the eyes.
    "Ha, ha, ha, what a surprise Goku, looks like we get to finish what we started!" Cell 
grabbed Goku by the throat and laughed devilishly as Frieza came into view.
     "I really didn't think it would be this easy to kill you, but if it is, so be it!" Frieza 
pointed his finger right between Goku's eyes and a little pink ball started to form!
THE END