        Where's Ryoko?

        A lemon fanfic based on Tenchi Muyo.

        The usual warning will be inserted here: This fanfiction deals with
 sex, and should not be read by people under eighteen.  Not, I'm sure, that
 anybody pays attention to it. (I certainly didn't when I was 17. :o)  But
 the rules say that I've got to stick it in there (no, not THAT, in THERE!
 :o), or face the consequences.
        All characters in this fanfic are not, under ANY circumstances mine, I
 do NOT claim them, I do NOT want them!  This fanfiction is purely opinion.
        This is my first (and possibly last) attempt at a fanfiction, so feel
free to send comments, quips, insults, or death threats at:
Platinum_Dragon@usinternet.com
        *Author's second note:  This version of Where's Ryoko was done after
receiving a MSTed copy of it.  It has been updated, following some of their
suggestions, and some suggestions from a fanfic reviewer.  Hopefully, it's
better this time around.*
        This is set in the Tenchi Muyo TV series, at the point where Ryoko
drops Tenchi off at the Jurai Palace.
        I don't know about the rest of you, but I kinda got to wondering what
 the heck happened to her, between when we last see her, with blood
dripping
 onto the floor, and the last episode, when she reappears, completely
healthy.
        So, without further adiue!

                        *                       *                       *

        As Tenchi, Azaka, and Kamadake ran toward the huge entrance of the
palace, Ryoko waved, a pained smile on her face, her other hand pressed
tightly against her side.  But the second they were out of sight, she
collapsed to the ground, her injury finally catching up with her.  Ryo-ohki
 mewed in concern, and teleported Ryoko on board.  She had taken a beating
too, but unlike Ryoko, all she had to do to heal was return to cabbit form
for a couple of days.  But Ryoko couldn't.
        Slowly, Ryo-ohki lifted off the ground, after depositing Ryoko in the
 command chair, mentally wincing with the effort.  Maybe she had taken more
 of a beating than she had thought.  She steeled herself for a fight out,
but surprisingly, no one paid attention to her, as they were too busy
fighting Nagi and Ken-ohki.
        She pulled out of Jurai's atmosphere, and prepared to speed away from
 the area, so her attention focused more on getting away from Jurai than
actually
 on Ryoko at the moment, so it startled her when she realized the pirate
was
 talking.  She turned to Ryoko, her face popping up on the crystal directly

in front of her, continuing her preparations to leave in the back of her
mind.
        Her voice was very weak, and Ryo-ohki had a hard time understanding
her, straining to hear.
        "Well, I guess it's over, eh, Ryo-ohki?" she said.
        "Miyaaa..."
        "So here we are again, just you and I.  Just the way we were when we
fell to the Earth.  We sure had some fun times though, huh?"
        "Miyaa!"  Ryoko grinned, but it was a sad grin.
        "I guess... I'm... lonely... pretty pathetic, huh?"  Ryoko closed her
 eyes, and, after a moment, her mouth fell slightly open.
        "Miya?" asked Ryo-ohki.
        No answer.
        "Miya???" she asked again, louder this time, worry clear in her voice.
        Ryoko's hand fell over the side of the chair, to hang limply.  Blood
began to drip onto the floor.  Ryoko slumped forward.
        "MIYYYYAAAA!!!!" cried Ryo-ohki.
        The ship flew away from Jurai, unmolested by the military fleet.
        Away, into the endless night of space.

                                                ***
        Ringle-tingle-tingle...
        The ice in the glass bounced off the sides, making a muted sound.
With a slight frown, Nagi drank the purple fluid, and then set down the
glass.  Nearly two weeks since she had helped Ryoko and her friends, and
still she hadn't heard even a rumor of a rumor of Ryoko.
        "Hey," she said, signaling the bartender, and pulling out an old
photograph.  It was tattered, and worn with age.  Looking at it, Nagi had a
 sudden image of the last time she had seen Ryoko.  There had been
something
 very different in her then there had been in this photo.
        "Yeah?  Another drink, miss?" Nagi shook her head.
        "Have you seen this woman?"  The bartender peered at it, and shook his
 head.
        "Sorry, no.  Friend of yours?"  She stood up so fast that she knocked
over her stool, and drew stares from the bar's few other occupants.  Ken-
ohki, at her feet, lifted an ear, sneezed, and went back to sleep.
        "WHAT?" she growled at him.  Then, she took a deep breath, composed
herself, and flashed a slight smile.  "No...  Of course not."  But even as
she said it, as she had said before, she realized that wasn't quite right
either.  Ryoko... Maybe not a friend, but after all this time hunting her?
All the battles they had fought?  No, not a friend. But still... Something.

 Shaking off the thought, she bent to pick up the chair.  As she was about
to order another drink, Ken-ohki's ears suddenly picked up.
        "Cia?"  The cabbit looked up, and around, as if he had heard
something.  Nagi followed his line of sight, and saw a small form in the
doorway, with large ears, and brown fur, a match to Ken-ohki, save that
this
 cabbit was female.
        "Ryo-ohki?" she asked, curious why the cabbit had let herself be seen
by Nagi.  She looked at her with- what? Sorrow? Hope?
        "Miya?"  There was a note of urgency in her voice that pulled Nagi out
 of her seat.  Ken-ohki bounded over to Ryo-ohki, and tried to nuzzle her,
but she ignored him, still looking at Nagi.  While she could talk to Ken-
ohki and understand him, Ryo-ohki was Ryoko's so she couldn't understand
her.
        Why was she here, revealing herself openly?  She couldn't quite buy
that the cabbit had wanted to see Ken-ohki so badly that she had endangered

her master.  And there was the fact that she was still ignoring him.
        Unless...
        "Come on, Ken-ohki!"
        "Miya!"  Ryo-ohki turned, and led them out, into the night.  She raced
 as fast as she could without leaving Nagi in the dust.  She knew that Ryo-
ohki could have easily out distanced them if she had wanted to.  Through
the
 city, they raced, and to the outskirts.  Still farther, to a copse of
trees.  Nagi entered slowly, suddenly wary of an ambush.
        "Miya miya mayaaa!"  Once inside the ring of trees, Nagi understood
why Ryo-ohki had been so insistent.
        "Damn!"  No longer afraid of an ambush, Nagi walked in, and kneeled
beside Ryoko's prone form.  Her skin was so pale as to appear gray.  It was

a testament to her fortitude that she was still alive, but she was, as was
told by her chest very slowly, very shallowly rising and falling.  Suddenly

Nagi laughed.  "Why you sly dog!" Nagi exclaimed.  "A trance!"  Ryoko had
put herself into a trance, but even so, the wound was too much.  She had
just lost too much blood.
        "Miya?"  The question was clear. Nagi looked at the young cabbit.
        "You want me to help her?  When you know that I'm trying to kill her?"
        "Miya!" Ryo-ohki shook her head vigorously.  Nagi thought about it for
 a moment, then shook her head.
        "No, I-"
        "Ciao!!" hissed Ken-ohki at her.  He moved to stand beside Ryo-ohki,
warning clear in his eyes.  Nagi didn't need his mental sending to figure
out the message - help her, or I split.  Nagi stared at him in surprise.
        "You too, Ken-ohki?" She questioned him.  The cabbit looked at her.
Nagi grinned, for once the smile reaching her eyes.  "I should have known.

Alright, alright."
        Carefully, Nagi slid her arms under Ryoko, and picked her up, taking
care to not break the seal over her wound.  Strong as she might be, there
was no way that she would survive the wound reopening.  "Let's get her to
the hotel room."
                                                ***

        "Ungh..."
        Ryo-ohki's ears perked up at the sound.  Ken-ohki nuzzled her.
        _What is it?_ His voice, deep and sonorous, sounded in her mind.  She
smiled, and nuzzled him back.
        _I think my she is coming around.  But..._
        _You worry about Nagi?_  It was a statement, not a question.
        _Yes...  It's been on my mind since I first came to find you._
        _Give her a little credit, my love.  I think that her desire to hunt
Ryoko down is waning._
        Ryo-ohki smiled again, and cuddled closer to Ken-ohki.  The older male
 nuzzled her again, the cabbit equivalent of kissing.
        Ryoko stirred, and Ryo-ohki scrambled over to her.
        "Miya?"  Suddenly, Ryoko's body began to shake like a leaf in a gale.
        "Miya! Miya!"  Nagi came into the room at all the noise.
        "Damn!" She dashed over, and held Ryoko down until the convulsions
ended.  "Two weeks, and almost no change." She shook her head, and left the

room.
        "Miyaa..." said Ryo-ohki mournfully.  She hung her head sadly.  Ken-
ohki came over beside her.  She leaned into him, drawing strength from him.
        _Come on... Why don't we go for a walk?  Something to get your mind
off of this._
                                        ***

        Nagi lay on the couch, idly stroking both cabbits' fur, who were
stretched out with her.  They had disappeared for a number of days, off to
who knew where.  Nagi had almost started to worry about Ken-ohki when they
had returned from their cavorting.
        "I'm glad you two decided to rejoin the world.  Have a good
honeymoon?"
        "Meow!"
        "Ciao!" Nagi laughed, and poked a finger at Ryo-ohki.  As much as she
 hated to admit it, she was getting attached to the little furball.
        "And is it just my imagination, or have you put on some weight, Ryo-
ohki?"  The brown furred cabbit blushed slightly, and meowed quietly.  "Oh-
ho!  I see!" Nagi laughed again, a great deep belly laugh that hadn't made
an appearance with her in nearly sixteen years.  Ken-ohki looked at her,
surprised, which only made her laugh harder.
        Her mirth, however, was cut short by a crash from Ryoko's room.  She
got up, but no sooner was she to her feet than Ryo-ohki was through the
door, Ken-ohki right on her heels.  Nagi walked across the chamber, and
poked her head into the room.
        "Mew miyyaa mew meow miyaaa!!!" Ryo-ohki was up on her hind legs,
chittering a mile a minute, at the kneeling form of Ryoko.  One hand was on
 the floor, the other on a small table, where a small lamp had been.  The
lamp was now down on the floor, broken into a dozen pieces.
        "Well, welcome back to the land of the living, Ryoko," said Nagi.
Ryoko looked up at her, surprise on her face.
        "Nagi!" Slowly, she struggled to her feet, obviously intending to
fight.
        "Oh, would you relax?  I didn't keep you alive, healing your wounds,
for over a month, just to kill you!"  Ryoko stared at her for a moment,
confusion and surprise painted on her face.
        "I don't think that I could have put up a spark in defense anyway,"
she said, leaning against the wall to try to hide how weak she was.  She
looked from Ryo-ohki to Ken-ohki.  "I take it this is your doing."
Ryo-ohki
 meekly meowed.  Ryoko frowned.  "We'll talk about it later.  For now,
however..."  Ryoko put her hands down, and the cabbit bounded over to her.

Wincing with the effort, Ryoko picked her up.  "Ouff!  You'll picked up
some
 weight."  Ryoko set her down, and then looked at Nagi.  "Well, if you
aren't gonna kill me, yet, what are you gonna do?  I'm somewhat at your
mercy, as much as it pains me to admit it."
        "At the moment, I'm gonna help you to the bath.  I'm sick of sponging
you down.  And then I'm gonna try and get some food in you.  Otherwise I'd
have two very unhappy cabbits on my hands."
        "Miya!" "Ciao!"
        Ryoko raised her eyebrow, but submitted to the help.  She knew bloody
well that she couldn't escape, and besides, she wanted to find out what
Nagi's sudden change of heart was all about.
        "Oh, you might be interested in this," said Nagi, suddenly.  Ryoko
looked at her.  "Your... Tanchi, Tounchi?"
        "Tenchi?" she asked.  In waking up in the lion's den, so to speak, she
 had almost completely forgotten about him.
        "Tenchi, that was it."
        "What?  What is it?"  Nagi's eyes widened just slightly, and then
closed almost to slits, as though she was trying to add something together.
        "Well, he won, first of all.  And, I've heard that, after a short stay
 on Jurai, while his grandfather healed, they went back to the Earth."
        "Back.. to the Earth?  Not stay on Jurai?"
        "That's what I just said, isn't it?"
        "Then that means..."  With a sudden effort, Ryoko pushed Nagi off of
her.  Nagi's hand immediately went to her whip, but Ryoko just stood there.

 She walked the rest of the way to the bath.  After the door closed, Nagi
frowned again.  Her mind went back to that picture, and the feeling that
there was something different about Ryoko.  Now this, the sudden gain of
strength when she had found out that Tenchi had gone back to the Earth.
But
 what difference would that make?
        She sat down to puzzle it out.  What would be the difference between
Tenchi staying on Jurai, and him going back.  What did the Earth not have
that Jurai had?  Her eyes widened, as she realized what it was.
        The Earth didn't have Ayeka.  But that couldn't be it...
        Ryoko couldn't possibly have learned to... love?
        Nagi rolled the seed around in the back of her mind, trying to decide
whether to plant it, or throw it out.  How many clues had she dropped?
Coming after Tenchi when Nagi had first found her on Earth.  That hadn't
fit
 her style.  Staying with them - with him - even when they were all hunted
criminals?
        Taking him to the planet Jurai, when she was so grievously wounded?
        After considering it, she decided to save it for a bit.

                                        ***

        Ryoko slowly clambered into the bath, her body weak from a month of
inactivity.  Stiff muscles slowly loosened as she soaked in the hot water.

Ryo-ohki mewed at her from the floor.
        "Well, here we go again, I'm guessing.  What were you thinking, Ryo-
ohki?" she asked the cabbit, trying to make her voice stern, but without
much luck.  Truth was, she knew that she was lucky anybody at all had
helped
 her.
        "Miya!  Mew meow miya!"
        "But to Nagi? Come on!"
        "Miya!"
        "I suppose there is that.  But the question is, how are we gonna get
outta here?"
        "Meow?"
        "ASK!  Have you lost your carrots, Ryo-ohki?!?"
        "Miya!"  Ryoko grinned, in spite of herself.
        "Oh, I see.  And has Ken-ohki given you anything else?"  The cabbit
blushed, and Ryoko thought again of the extra weight that Ryo-ohki had put
on.  Could it be???
        "Well, that will be something to see."  Ryoko's smile faded.  "I
wonder what Tenchi is doing..."
        "Mew..."
        "You miss him too, eh?"  She shook her head, and got up, out of the
bath.  Water streamed in rivulets off her body.  Only out of the trance for

half an hour, and already she felt stronger.  She raised her hand,
concentrated a little, and a few
 sparks of energy crackled to life.  They were weak, but they were better
than nothing.  She slipped into her robe after toweling off, and exited the

bath.  Nagi was sitting on the couch, and there was a tray of food on the
table.  Ryoko's stomach growled, reminding her that you couldn't eat while
in hibernation.  Nagi raised her eyebrow, and waved at the tray.
        "Don't worry, no poison.  I give my word of honor."  Ryoko frowned,
but her stomach rumbled ominously, and she decided it was better to chance
poison than starvation.  At least she'd die full.  She sat down, and
selected a fair sized piece of meat, some kind of Juraian turkey, she
thought, and sandwiched it.  She took a tentative bite, chewed, and then,
satisfied that it was safe, started to wolf it down.

                                        ***

        "I'm just curious," she said, a couple days later, "but why did you help
me?  Hunting me for all that time, just to save my life when your quest
could have been at an end?"  Nagi laughed.
        "Ken-ohki and Ryo-ohki didn't leave me with much of a choice.  Besides
 which, I've told you before.  The only way you're gonna die is at the end
of my sword."  Ryoko winced at the matter of fact way that she said it.
She
 decided to try changing the subject.
        "Do you remember the first time that we met?" she asked Nagi.  Her
eyes closed nearly to slits.
        "It was on my first bounty.  I had just captured the slimeball, and
then suddenly, there you were.  Blasted him before I had a chance to stop
you.  I never did figure out why you killed him."  Ryoko closed her eyes,
feeling a tear forming.  What ever she did, she refused to cry in front of
Nagi.
        "He murdered... someone very close to me.  I suppose that he's the one
 that got me along the path of piracy.  Like you have done to me, I tracked

him down.  When I happened upon you, with him all wrapped up in a neat
little package, I decided to take it as a gift from the gods."  Behind her
closed eyes, the scene replayed itself in her mind.  Ryoko seeing the young

woman, her whip wrapped around his body.  Nagi shouting at her as she fired

an energy blast.  The pure terror in his eyes, the terror of a man who knew

that he was going to die, as it flew toward him.
        The memory was replaced by another, Ryoko, a younger Ryoko, screaming
as a weapon blast tore into a young man.  He had dark hair, of a purple
hue,
 and a regal, royal bearing.  Another girl was watching too, about the same

age as Ryoko, also with purple hair.  She wore a kimono, and she also
screamed as the man fell to the ground.  She teleported to his side, held
him to her body as he breathed his last.  The other girl was running toward

them.  She screamed, and teleported away, the last look on the scene at the

face of the other girl, on which rage, horror and sorrow was painted so
visibly.  A single tear escaped her clamped shut eyes.
        "So, the mighty space pirate Ryoko has a heart after all," said Nagi
mockingly.  Ryoko's eyes snapped open, fires raging within them.
        "Is that so hard for you to believe?  That I'm capable of more than
treachery, thievery, hate and destruction?  That I can love?  You're a fine

one to judge!  You've been after me for so long that you've forgotten what
anything other than hate and contempt feel like!  You haven't hunted me!
You've become me!  Full of bitterness, and only one thing that you could
latch onto.  You can't stand the idea that I've climbed out of that hole!"
she exploded at Nagi.  When she realized what she had said, she shut her
mouth with a click, realizing that she had probably just put the nails in
her own coffin.  Indeed, Nagi's hand was on her sword pommel, and her eyes
were hard and cold.
        Then, slowly, her grip eased, and her eyes softened.
        "You think so, Ryoko?"  Her gaze hardened once more, although this
time, it was with determination, as if she had chosen a course.  She put
her
 face right in front of Ryoko's.
        "Do you really believe that is so?" she said in a low, husky voice.
And then she leaned in, and kissed Ryoko, hard, on the lips.  The movement
caught Ryoko completely off guard, and for a moment, she just sat there,
dumb-founded.  Once her mind caught up with her body, she tried to lean
back, but Nagi had her pinned against the back of the couch.
        But even as she tried to escape, trying to get away, her body
responded to Nagi, regardless of what her mind wanted.  Even as she fought
the feeling, she felt a flush come to her skin, a flush that had nothing to

do with her injury.  Slowly, Nagi leaned back, a breathless look on her
face, and surprise in her eyes at herself, at what she had done.  There was

a hush, and then Nagi spoke quietly.
        "No feeling, save anger and hate?  Nothing but bitterness, Ryoko?  Did
 that feel like bitterness to you?"  Wordless, Ryoko shook her head no.
And
 then did something even more surprising.  She leaned forward, and returned

the kiss, with equal fervor.  It was Nagi's turn to start, attempt to
escape, but, like Ryoko, her body didn't quite seem to agree with her head.

 Slowly, as if unsure, her arms slipped around to Ryoko's back, felt along
the surface of her robe.   Ryoko's tongue slid out of her mouth, pushing
gently along Nagi's teeth.  Her hand moved up, a finger extending to touch
Nagi's skin, and trace it's way downward, along the lines of her jaw and
neck.  Nagi's teeth parted at the gentle feeling, and Ryoko's tongue dipped

in, exploring, meeting its counterpart, entwining with it.
        Nagi's hands moved to Ryoko's front, and began to work at the cord
holding the robe closed.  Slowly, ever so very slowly, it came undone.
Finally, it was untied, and Ryoko's breasts were hanging before her,
shapely
 and perfect.  The nipples stood slightly up at the sudden breeze as
Ryoko's
 robe fell open.  Nagi's hands glided up to them, cupped and began to
squeeze one, two fingers tweaking and pulling at the nipples.  Ryoko
breathed a slight moan of pleasure at the sensation, and broke the kiss,
her
 own hands following the skin-tight material of Nagi's battle suit
downward.
  Nagi drew in a sharp breath as Ryoko reached her thighs, and trailed two
fingers across them, and in between, tracing a line upwards, reaching her
nether regions, and tugged hard at Ryoko's nipple, causing another moan.
        Ryoko trailed her fingers up and toward Nagi's pleasure center.
Reaching the bud, she pressed down, through the suit, feeling the moistness

beginning to gather there, the warmth emanating.  She phased her finger
through, letting it sink just deep enough to notify Nagi of its presence.
A
 slight shout issued from Nagi's lips.  She began to shrug out of the
battle
 armor.  First the hard plates, then the lighter soft suit came off.  Ryoko

gasped at the sight.  She had seen much of the bounty hunter's body at the
swimsuit contest - in the back of her mind, a little message poked through
_could it possibly be that was nearly two and a half months ago?_ - but the

sight of her fully in the nude sent an electric shock through her mind.
Large breasts, capped by nipples that stood stiff in the air, skin without
so much as a single stretch mark.  Ryoko's eyes slowly moved downward, to
find a neatly trimmed thatch, and below, the mound of her sex, a small
trail
 of clear, thick fluid dribbling out.  The small pink nub of her clit
peeked
 out, and Ryoko couldn't resist reaching down to tweak it.  Nagi shuddered,

and arched her back as she touched it, shouted when Ryoko rolled it between

her thumb and forefinger.
        "Ahhhahhahhh!"  The trickle of fluid increased, dribbling down onto
the couch below them.  Ryoko slowly lowered her body, and took a gentle lap

of the fluid, sending shivers up and down Nagi.  She savored its sweetness,

and then rose back up to kiss Nagi again, letting her taste herself in
Ryoko's mouth.  Her hands found their way to Nagi's tits, and she began to
kneed one, before bringing it to her mouth.  She sucked down on it,
nibbling
 lightly on the tip of the nipple, her other hand tugging and pulling on
the
 other side.
        Nagi's hands followed the curve of Ryoko's back to her buttocks, and
around, to her underside.  Two fingers began to slide in the moist canal
between her legs, looking for an entrance.  Finding one, they entered,
probing, finding it fluid filled and hot.  Ryoko bit down, not hard, but
hard enough to raise a small cry from Nagi as her fingers slid into her
pussy, and she gave a moan herself.  The fingers began to slide back and
forth, wiggling as they did so, becoming sticky with juices.  Ryoko's
ministrations to Nagi's breasts increased too, as she began to suck harder
in pleasure.
        Nagi continued fingering Ryoko, now pushing in a third finger.  Ryoko
stiffened, and there was a rush of juices and heat to the area.  Ryoko let
Nagi's tit slip from her mouth, and turned around, placing her rear in
Nagi's face, lowering hers to Nagi's pelvis.  For a moment, Nagi whimpered,

wondering what she was doing, but, as Ryoko's mouth descended on her pussy,

and her tongue started to ease its way in, she moaned loudly.  Seeing
Ryoko's pussy bare inches away from her face, she lifted her head, and
began
 to reciprocate.  Ryoko's body shook at the first touch of her tongue,
shuddered as it entered her and began to probe.  Nagi tasted Ryoko, almost
like a fine wine, rolling the salty-sweet taste around.  At the other end,
Ryoko began to slide a finger into Nagi's pussy, in time with her tongue,
and took pleasure at the feeling of Nagi's body stiffening once again.  She

felt a sort of golden glow forming in the pit of her stomach, a warmth that

began to radiate outward as Nagi continued.
        Nagi's concentration began to break up, as the waves pulsing from her
pussy began to wear down her defenses, and she began to lose her sense of
place.  It felt as though this amazing feeling had been going on forever,
yet she was certain it had only started a short while ago.  She continued
to
 lick and eat at Ryoko's pussy, slurping up the juices that were now
starting to thin, and flow quicker with the heat being generated.  Ryoko
had
 begun to push two fingers into her, and was still tonguing her, and the
feeling was reaching almost unbearable levels.  Nagi thought she would
explode if it were to get any better...
        And then it did, as Ryoko moved her mouth from Nagi's pussy to her
clit, and began to suck down, hard, pushing it against her teeth with her
tongue.
        "Oh GOOOODDDD!!!" The scream ripped out of Nagi's throat, the waves of
 pleasure now a solid barrage, pushing her into senselessness and beyond.
Her back arched, and she began to buck.  The tongue at her clit switched
back to her pussy, lapping up the juices that were pouring out of Nagi's
love box.  She began to eat Ryoko at a mad pace, and it was not long before

Ryoko too began to buck on top of her.
        "AhhhHHHHHHH!!!  So good, oh god, soo GOOODD!"  Ryoko's juice exploded
 into Nagi's waiting mouth, who licked and slurped as fast as she could.
But even with her best efforts, some escaped, pushing out of her mouth, and

running down her cheek.  Ryoko ground around above her, turning to face
her.
  She kissed her deeply, each other's juices mixing and creating something
more.  Exhausted, they feel asleep, locked together in a tangle of arms.

                                  ***
        Ryoko awoke to a light pressure on top of her.  She opened her eyes.
        "Miya?"  Ryoko groaned, and sat up slowly, trying to remember where
she was.  Ryo-ohki jumped off of her, and bounded over to a nightstand.
"Miya!"  She shook her head, and moved her hand.
        On to a very wet spot on the couch.
        Wet?  And... Sticky???
        Memory flooded back with a start, of Nagi.  The taste of her, the
feeling of her touching her...
        Where was she?
        "MIYA!!!" shouted Ryo-ohki, bringing Ryoko back to earth, so to speak.
  She looked on the nightstand, and saw a piece of paper, carefully folded.

 She walked over to it, and picked it up, opened it.  Written in a neat
hand
 was:
                        Ryoko-

                                Consider this an end to my hunt,
                        unless you give me reason to resume it.
                        As much as I may hate to admit it, you
                        were right.  I hadn't hunted you.  I
                        had become you.
                                My debt to you, for sparing my
                        life on Mars, is discharged.  When next
                        we meet, we shall be as strangers.
                                One last thing, and this I ask as
                        a favor for Ken-ohki.  Take care of
                        whatever may have come of their...
                        love.
                                                        -Nagi

        Ryoko read it, and then read it again.  Finally, she put the letter
down, and nodded.
        "Miya?"  Ryoko looked at Ryo-ohki.
        "Yes, Ryo-ohki.  We are going back."  She looked out the window, in
the direction of a small, blue planet, that circled a modest yellow star.
She looked toward her heart.
                                    ***
        "I'm going to school now!"
        "Ok, have a good day, Tenchi!" called his father.
        Tenchi stepped out of his door.  It was late spring, and cherry
blossoms were falling, almost as if they were a pink snowfall, covering the

ground.  As he walked down the path towards the school, he looked out, onto

the lake, where Ryou-ou grew.  From the tiny pair of leaves it had been
when
 it had first popped up, to the sapling it had been when they had left to
goto Jurai, now it was huge, the size of a two hundred year oak, and twice
as strong.  As he looked at it, Ryoko's words rang through his mind.
        "Tenchi... We are having fun, aren't we?  Every day here is like a
dream... I hope it'll be like this forever.  Tenchi..."
        He stopped, and looked up, as he had on that day, just like today,
when Ryo-ohki the original had fallen to the Earth, half expecting to see a

streak in the sky.  Half expecting... And half wishing.  But the sky
remained clear.  No streaks, no falling Ryo-ohki's.
        "Miya!"
        Tenchi pivoted to the right, his eyes wide.  There, on the rock, was
Ryo-ohki.  He just stared for a moment at her.  And then, slowly, the
cabbit
 changed into a black cat with white ear tips.
        "Reow?" it meowed at him, and then jumped away, into the bush.  He
sighed, and continued on his way.
        "Tenchiii...."
        He whirled around.  Ryoko was standing behind him, hands on her hips,
that half smile on her face.  He took a step toward her, reached out toward

her... and she faded away.  Tenchi looked down, and shook his head.  He
turned, and again, continued toward the bus.
        Click-click.
        Tenchi stopped, and slowly turned to face the sound.  Ryoko was there,
 standing on a rock.  Hands still on her hips, that half-smile still there.

 And in her eyes... hope...  He stood there and stared for a moment.
        "Hey."
        She jumped off the rock, and into Tenchi's arms.  For a second, he
almost expected her to fade away, but when his arms closed around her
strange, exotic mix of hard and soft, he swung her around, laughing.  He
held onto her, not wanting to let her go.
        "I told you I was a space pirate, and a powerful one, and now I've
come to steal you away," she said, poking a finger at him.
        "Ryoko, I thought..."  He trailed off as she shushed him.
        "Now I'm not gonna do anything crazy.  I'm gonna track Ayeka down and
win your heart in a fair fight."
        "But..."  Ryoko laughed.
        "Oh come on, you don't think that she's gonna give you up that easily!
  I'm telling you, I just know they're all coming back here."  Ryo-ohki
bounced toward them.
        "Miyow!!!!" she purred, obviously happy.  A falling cherry blossom
landed on her nose, and she batted at it, trying to knock it off to no
effect.  With a quaint sound, she sneezed it off.
        "Meow!"  Ryoko hugged him to her, putting her mouth close to his ear.
        "I'll tell you something, my Tenchi.  You know the carnival comes and
goes.  If you wait long enough, it'll always come back to you."  He just
held her for a moment, and looked off, into the sky.
        "I guess you're right, Ryoko.  I guess you're right."

---
The Platinum Dragon
Hidden Guardian of the Dream World
Dragon's Masaki Shrine of Tenchi Muyo - http://dragonsanime.dreamhost.com
The Dragon's Horde - http://www.usinternet.com/users/platinum_dragon/
