Standard disclaimer: I thank all the owners of the Tenchi characters 
who have chosen not to sue me for suggesting some alternative uses for 
them.

 

Winter Coat


	  
The surrounding trees retired in black hibernation and cut jagged 
shadows into the surrounding blanket of ice.  Dense clouds readied 
themselves, eager to send more of creation into one tone or the other.  
Ivory blend silver, clots of snow melted and frozen again, making dull 
rocks shine like obsidian, trapping handfuls of pine needles and dirt.  
A hidden sun considers whether to leave the few mundane reminders of 
life with nothing to live for.  Tenchi tried to find comfort in this, 
telling himself that at least he didn't need his sunglasses to dull the 
blinding glare of dead winter.  Silence, however, somehow pierced 
through all of his protective layers.            
The snow had packed so tightly that it sounded more like gravel 
crunching beneath the weight of his boots.  As audible as his movement 
was; footsteps, like breaths, were perpetual enough to be swallowed up 
into the eerie quiet around him.  During other seasons the isolation of 
the forest brought tranquility, but by association snow turned it into 
a graveyard.  The only peace he could fathom now was that which he 
hoped his lost loved ones were sleeping in.  He begged for a wind to 
stir the stillness, a single songbird to return early, something to 
distract him from the white noise that made his solemn thoughts speak 
so loudly.  Though he was almost too warm in some places, he did as all 
people do when avoiding depth and focused on the weather.  
Tenchi told himself that his fingers were numb enough to fall 
off, and tried to blow some warmth into them.  This gesture forced him 
to clap pebbles of ice from his thick gloves and likewise brush them 
out of his thin moustache.  Such boyish clumsiness should have made him 
laugh yet he barely sighed, walking on through small clouds of his own 
frozen breath.  Slower steps continued through shallower snow till they 
stopped and moved hesitantly towards a small stone carving.  Cold wind 
sang over the mouth of the nearby cave. 
 
***
Blankets and pillows of steam begged her eyes to rest for just a 
moment longer.  She indulgently caressed the length of her thighs, 
their texture demanding to be washed again and again till she melted 
into a silk puddle.  The vanilla soap rinsed away, lather and froth 
cascading down milk skin.  A happy smile for temptation and a small 
sigh for simple decadence, but she lifted herself out of the onsen 
decisively.  She knew the inverse atmosphere of the short journey 
ahead, but knew her destination better.  Violet hair shook out of the 
small shower cap as her first layer of warm clothing folded over.  

***
Knowing that he would be the only one honored if he knelt in 
snow, he stood as erect as he could, but still lowered his head.  The 
name on the stone, the spans of time "re-estimated" for the sake of 
possible passers by, the simple Shinto prayer it had taken a short time 
to choose and nearly too long to accept, it all still struck him like a 
horrible dream.  He waited for melancholy to replace regret.  The 
memories were all playing at once now, all asking tears, and 
thankfully, stealing laughter.  A weak smile crept out carrying a 
weaker voice with it.
"Sheesh.  If you were going to go, couldn't you have at least 
done it in the summer, I'm freezing out here."  He rubbed his hands 
excessively.
Not even a gust of wind or a plop of falling snow in the 
distance.  Tenchi's unconvincing attempt at comfort-humor fell on deaf 
ears.  With all his might he mentally repeated one of his grandfather's 
better sayings, that people must 'meet death with life'.  He folded his 
arms and hugged himself a little to drag his meager smile back out of 
hiding.
"Of course, you always did like to see me shiver."  The forced 
chuckle that followed finally pierced the ice like a white-hot iron.  
The wind answered, and stung a genuinely happy tear out of his left eye 
as he continued in a friendly voice. 
"This has been a good year for everybody, it looks like dad will 
be able to get a great retirement package, and I've currently got two 
firms fighting over me...n-n-not that I'm bragging or anything."  
Another chuckle, another degree of warmth to his voice.
"Mihoshi's been pretty busy lately with her promotion and all, 
the child welfare department has done wonders for her.  We still hear 
from her every now and again, almost always with good news.
"Grandfather and Washu well-"Tenchi cleared his throat and turned 
a little more red in the face, "they've been kinda keeping themselves 
busy, I'm not sure with what, but we have dinner with them all the 
time."  His smile faded slightly and his eyes froze in thought. 
"I'd tell you how I imagine Sasami is doing, but something tells 
me you talk to her more than I---do!" The last word fell into a sob.  
Somewhere within the spiritual hopes of infinity the mundane certainty 
of an end rang out again.  Tenchi shivered sincerely this time, 
swallowing and sniffling and grasping for strength.
"I'm sorry, everyone really is happy, I mean it.  It's just, I---
we---all miss you.  It's kind of a pain when you can't judge anything 
by a measly human life span anymore, it makes it hard to figure out if 
enough time has passed to get over it.  I don't know if I'll ever stop 
getting all worked up around this time of year.  My mother, she-" his 
explanation paused for another string of suppressed sobs.
"I still get the same way about her, so I guess you're stuck with 
me." Tenchi managed something like a laugh.  
He stood there, staring at the stone, fully aware of the stubborn 
tear warming a thin trail down his face.  The footsteps coming up 
behind him made no attempt to conceal themselves, and made him smile 
and cry anew, though still silently.  By a considerable feat of will he 
recomposed himself by the time an unmistakable hand snaked around the 
crook in his arm.  The following warmth that leaned against him spread 
over every inch of skin, down his throat, and up through his mind.  
Everything that might have been stone or ice melted by the soft purity 
of her voice.
"Hello Tenchi."
"Hello Aeka." He managed an attempt at the same tone.  Though the 
stability was not as full, the familiarity and trust could not be any 
more overt.	
They stood in silence for a few minutes, simply starring at the 
headstone and organizing their personal memories together.  When Tenchi 
spoke again the tears were gone, but they'd left a distinctly solemn 
weight.	 
"Do you worry that I still come here sometimes?"
After a silent sigh, Aeka leaned into him a little more and 
responded with the graceful yet sincere formality she'd learned too 
much too early to outgrow.
"You come here at the same time every year, just as you visit the 
other location on the appropriate date."  With that said, she continued 
in a softer, more supportive voice. 
"No Tenchi, I am not worried.  In fact, I understood very soon 
that you'd keep visiting her for the rest of your days," her own rising 
emotion begged a pause, "and I plan to be by your side each time from 
now on."
	Tenchi shifted his arm and wrapped it around her almost tightly 
enough to pull her into facing him.  She returned the embrace with 
equal vigor.  They looked again at the memento to their friend for 
another stretch of silence.  He was more composed when at last he 
spoke, yet clearly vulnerable.
	"I still dream about it sometimes Aeka, the day we lost her.  
It's as vivid as anything I can imagine.  That new machine Washu made, 
she was so proud of it.  Even---even Ryoko was impressed." He paused 
and gulped while Aeka tightened her grip only enough to encourage him 
to go on.
	"Who knows what went wrong, we all know that, for once, Mihoshi 
wasn't touching anything.  Then---then that big sphere of energy just 
came out.  The heat, the vibration pouring out of it; I knew it wasn't 
good but...seeing that look on Washu's face, then seeing Ryoko jump 
into the air and start blasting it with everything she had."  Aeka 
nuzzled her own rising tears against Tenchi's side, clearly sharing the 
memory.
	"She-she screamed at us.  Ordering us all to run, telling me to 
grab Washu and get her out of there."  He gulped and tried to chuckle, 
but all that came was a sharp, trembling breath.
	"It took grandpa and even dad to help me do it.  She must have 
landed at least one good sucker punch on all of us, but somehow we 
managed to make it out of there and far enough away from the house 
before-" Tenchi clamped his eyes shut and began to quiver.  Aeka moved 
to face him and within seconds was pulled into his arms, absorbing sobs 
into her hair. 
	"Why?!  Why did she have to do it, there had to have been some 
other way!" The pitch of his sobs rose to release years of buried 
frustration.  As his grip first tightened, then went almost flaccid 
from the exertion, Aeka slowly managed to pull out of his grasp and 
take his hands in her own.  She removed both their gloves too gently 
for him to notice and pressed her cheeks into his surprisingly warm 
knuckles.  The gesture was enough to bring his chin up out of his 
chest.  He stood timidly still, but his eyes reached out, waiting for 
her to look up as she spoke in the most soothing of voices.  
	"We can never know the answers to those questions, but we all 
keep asking them.  We all miss her Tenchi, and...we all wish we could 
have parted under different circumstances."
	The double meaning sunk in slowly, and Tenchi began to 
acknowledge that Aeka's grief could be just as vivid, however 
different.  She traded cheeks and continued, following him in the 
search for previous strength.
	"Even as we think we understand each other's pain, try to 
remember what Washu must have gone through."
	Tenchi shuddered with appreciation for her uncanny ability to 
simultaneously find empathy and sympathy.  He grasped her hands at the 
memories of Washu's fury, then agony as they forcefully carried the 
little scientist away from her most precious creation.  She had cursed 
them, threatened to destroy them all, but they held fast, dropping her 
only when the explosion knocked everyone to the ground.  As a result of 
Ryoko's efforts it had not been particularly large, but it left a deep 
crater where their house had once been.  When the smoke cleared they 
found her lying at the bottom of it, the gem on her wrist and the 
remaining two in the sword barely reflecting the sun.  Washu was able 
to reopen another sub-dimension and rebuild a new lab, but she never 
brought Ryoko's body into it, did not even attend the funeral, and 
remained mute for more than four months.  
After extensive efforts, Yosho finally managed to bring her back.  
She explained that Ryoko had telepathically 'heard' her figure out that 
the only way to keep them all from perishing in seconds would be to 
focus a huge energy source back at the sphere.  It took vast amounts of 
patience, but the ancient priest seemed determined to make her proud of 
her daughter rather than ashamed of herself.  A deep bond had formed 
between them as a result. 
	"I was beginning to fear that we would loose her too." Tenchi 
managed in a whisper.
	"Indeed." 
	Aeka pulled open a few of the buttons on Tenchi's jacket and 
spread her hands around his torso.  A solemn calm seemed to pass over 
the both of them as he rested his lips against her forehead, lightly 
stroked her hair.  	
"I still thank the stars that grandpa was somehow able to get her 
to talk." Tenchi watched his breath lightly sway tiny strands of 
delicate hair, smiling as she began to smooth his shirt against his 
back.
	"I believe he was able to get her to do more than that." She 
mumbled slyly. 
	"Aeka!" Tenchi angled his head back and caught the playful light 
in her eyes before she turned away with a helpless blush.  "That's no 
way for a princess to talk." He laughed through every word of his 
reprimand.
 	"Remember Tenchi, I'm not a princess anymore, I resigned that 
position to stay here with you." Aeka said it almost teasingly, but 
quickly softened.  "The same way that Sasami did so that she could---"
	The explanation trailed off, and Aeka clutched more tightly, 
clearly savoring the feeling as Tenchi returned the pressure.  Just as 
it seemed that they were bringing life to one memory, another wholly 
different nostalgia filled them.  Luckily, both were now able to keep 
from regressing to the original grief.  Their next words came with 
sadness, but without regret, speaking of the issue to know it better 
and for the best.
	"Your parents must still be rather distraught about loosing both 
their children." 
	"They have not lost their children, dear Tenchi," Aeka reassured 
with soft confidence, "they have only lost their heirs.  Besides, I 
spoke with them recently---there will be a new prince of Jurai soon."
	Tenchi held her out by the shoulders and stared incredulously.  
She nodded with a suppressed smile and was drawn back in shared 
laughter.
	"Oh dear, what did your mother say about becoming a new mother 
and a new grandmother so soon?" A singular brightness spread over 
Tenchi's face as Aeka spread a hand over the tiny bulge on her belly.  
His smile began to fade, however, every long second that she remained 
silent and averted.
	"Aeka," he asked with suddenly intense worry, "you did tell them, 
didn't you?"
	"...surprises can be nice." The voice was almost mouse-like, but 
he heard it quite clearly in the now almost tranquil silence.
    	"What!  Aeka, why didn't you tell them?!  Are you trying to give 
that ancient father of yours a heart attack?" Tenchi bellowed in 
exaggerated anger while Aeka stepped back with an equally puffed up 
gasp.
	"Tenchi!  How dare you speak of the Emperor of Jurai that way, he 
could have you executed!" Aeka put her hands on her hips and leaned 
forward for effect.  Tenchi only mocked her pose by folding his arms 
and pulling his neck back. 
 	"Is that so?  Is he going to do it himself, or just send some 
other pink haired powder puff?"
	The former princess's sternness held for no more than two 
seconds.  She broke, clutching her sides and laughing with her husband 
almost to tears.  When they both caught their breath, she grabbed 
tightly onto Tenchi's hand and pulled his arm lightly around her 
shoulders.  Once again they looked down at the stone together, still 
trying to smile their accepted sorrow into melancholy.  By the push of 
another breeze, Aeka spoke again in a voice as strained and nervous as 
Tenchi's had been when he'd first arrived.  
	"Tenchi, you know she loved you as much as I do."
	"Aeka---" Tenchi sighed in uncommon exasperation. 
	"Please listen to me Tenchi." She nearly pleaded.
	"We had this conversation years ago, you know I-"
	"Please Tenchi, you've said your peace, now I need to say mine."
	There was silence between them, Aeka's voice whispered out again, 
still trembling along the edges.
	"I know I've told you this Tenchi, but she did love you, as much 
as I think anyone can.  I don't know what cruel fate could put the same 
love for one man inside the hearts of two different women.  We---we 
hated each other, for so long.  It became even worse when we began to 
see our feelings truly reflected in each other.  You must have noticed, 
we stopped the petty bickering, but only to please you, beneath our 
civility was a raging fear.  I---I thought I knew that if you asked us 
to fight to the death for your love...neither of us would have 
hesitated.  " 
	"Aeka, please-" Tenchi went ignored.
	"But---but I was wrong," a fresh tear rolled out and she wiped it 
away, lowering her head in apparent shame.  "She, she didn't want any 
more people to die, not even me!  She gave her life to protect us all 
and I still pray that she did not deserve you more than-"
	Tenchi held the cries to his chest, whispering tenderly.
	"Don't do this to yourself Aeka, you were just telling me about 
questions we can never know, the only important thing is that I love 
you.  I know Ryoko's spirit is at peace and I know we are happy, please 
try to remember that.  This is no time to think about jealousy, she 
gave us the beautiful life we have together now, didn't she?"
	Aeka nodded weakly into his chest.  At this he lifted her chin to 
share a gentle kiss, after which he matched her trembling smile.  She 
nuzzled his chest again.
	"Right, if she's watching us now, I'm sure she's cheering us on."
	A weak laugh rose out of Tenchi's jacket.  Aeka pulled him down 
for another kiss and stepped away to wipe at some more tears.
	"Come on, let's go back before it gets dark, I think the radio 
said there might be a storm tonight." Tenchi suggested brightly, trying 
to show his rejuvenation as he took Aeka's hand and began pulling on it 
with schoolboy enthusiasm.  She smiled and nodded, taking a few wide 
steps alongside him before stopping in half a gasp.
	"Goodness, I almost forgot." Aeka searched through the inner 
pockets of her thick robe till she removed a small thermos.  Tenchi 
raised an eyebrow in a moment's curiosity, then smiled.
	"You brought me soup?"
	Aeka grinned in amusement and put on an air of false indignation, 
raising her nose in the air.
	"No-I-did-not-bring-you soup.  Do I look like your servant?  
Honestly Tenchi, I must have spoiled you somehow."  She walked past him 
without even letting his shadow cross hers.  Dumbfounded, he watched as 
she placed a small sake bowl on top of Ryoko's headstone and delicately 
poured.  With the thermos back in her robe, she bowed her head and 
placed her hands together ceremoniously, mumbling too softly for Tenchi 
to hear.	
"I'm sure you're probably swimming in it wherever you are, but 
this was a particularly fine bottle."
	She watched thick steam billow out of the tiny container into the 
winter air, almost tasting it herself.  An unquestioned happiness 
filled her belly and she bowed more deeply, leaving one last 
lighthearted impression before she practically raced Tenchi back to 
their new home.
	"Don't worry, I'll take good care of him."  
  
***
	Thick as Tenchi's skin could be, the winter air had made his 
fingers numb but strangely sensitive.   Splinters made him grimace as 
he sat on the mantle loading firewood.  Each of his nerves seemed torn 
between feeling dead and knowing every microscopic contour of the rough 
bark.  He built the customary pyramid to start a fire while silently 
frowning at the irony that numbness should be such a biting sensation.  
The sound of his wife preparing their hot chocolate in kitchen happily 
distracted him from another problem too small and easily solved to be 
analyzed.  Newspaper flared up and ignited the smaller twigs.  
He admired the solid structure of the fireplace as he eagerly 
wiggled his fingers centimeters from its iron screen.  Rather than 
complain about the temporary quarters they'd set up in the shrine, he 
and his father had worked day and night with renewed enthusiasm to 
design and construct a new house.  Thinking fondly on the time they'd 
spent building the fireplace together made him take little notice of 
how frozen his slight rear was becoming on the surrounding stones.  
The kindling was soon ablaze, mixing an odd glow with the already 
fading daylight.  One more look at the frozen world outside and Tenchi 
smiled back even more gratefully at the fire.  He scuttled off the 
stones and sat cross-legged on the thick living room rug, watching the 
flames and savoring the smallest portion of smoke it takes to turn a 
hearth into a home.  The sound of Aeka's bare feet padding into the 
living room made him turn.  
Her delicate movements held his focus as she placed two steaming 
mugs down and sat across from him.  She'd changed into a simple black 
and white house kimono.  It reminded him for a moment of the sad 
monochrome outside, but her pale skin caught the firelight and all 
thoughts of winter were banished.
"Be careful Tenchi, I think they may still be too hot to drink." Aeka 
warned lightly then stuck an index finger into one of the mugs.  Tenchi 
watched intently as she promptly withdrew it and sucked away the 
moisture, a tiny noise in her throat announcing that they should let it 
cool.  She didn't look up at him while she slowly withdrew her finger 
from between her lips, but it was obvious to him that she knew he was 
watching.  He thought it might have been done without forethought, but 
marriage has a way of dissolving ambiguity. 

	Well this is certainly an abrupt change of mood.  So she wants to 
play this game huh?

	Tenchi picked up the mugs and set them aside on the fireplace 
mantle, speaking in a casual voice that could not have passed for 
casual in any situation.
	"Hey, why don't we let these cool over here while I'll give you a 
foot massage, that way we can warm your feet and my hands at the same 
time."  He didn't wait for an answer or even look up at her reaction, 
he merely leaned over to a small nightstand and opened the center 
cabinet.  
Ankles rested in his lap and toes wiggled against his belly.  
Tenchi could feel her smiling when he removed the lotion.  Instead of 
the generic, dry skin formula normally kept there, someone had replaced 
it with a bottle named after the same fragrance in Aeka's soap, 
shampoo, and occasional body spray, the one that he still could not 
exhale normally.  He held the bottle in his hands for a moment, 
pretending to read the label in defeat.  
	"Well come on Tenchi, my feet are getting cold." Her voice might 
have been soft, were it not so seductive.  She wiggled her toes into 
him again and he could not help but look up.
	His wife's beauty washed over him.  Even when they were competing 
for most alluring glare from beside the firelight, there was no tease, 
no guilty pleasure, all he felt welling up was a warmth, a euphoric 
sense of safety found only in opposite and equal amounts from children 
to their parents, and parents to each other.  She starred back with 
complete trust, yet somehow still managed to challenge him.  Tenchi 
matched her, her and the temperature of her hot chocolate, her and the 
feral rush this lotion's scent sent through him.  He silently relished 
every jerk and tiny gasp she made as he dribbled tiny dots of cold 
lotion along her feet at a sadistically slow pace.
	Aeka tried to keep her fire warmed stare locked on her masseuse, 
but strong fingers pressed in and pulled the tender flesh for no more 
than a few seconds before once smoldering eyes fluttered shut in 
helpless ecstasy.  She tried to keep herself propped up, so that at 
least he could see her undeniably erotic facial expressions, but the 
more his hands slipped in the more hers slipped out.  She instinctively 
supported her head on her wrists for the few moments left before she 
had to spread her palms out into the dense fabric.  
Tenchi's fingers managed to find and devour every vulnerable 
curve and crevice along his wife's dainty feet.  Memories of snow 
angels flew in as he watched her luxurious arm movements fit perfectly 
with the motion, spreading wings by turning over and darkening the 
threads of their rug.  Once again he looked outside just to remind 
himself of how much better off he was, tucked away in his castle with 
his queen.  Dusk had already crept up on them, and the firelight was 
taking over, making the tender flesh in his hands even more radiant.
	He sighed in disbelief at how perfect Aeka's toes were, each 
little pearl stretched and bent in his hands with all the delicate 
grace of a petal.  His touch became less forceful, his fingertips 
nearly dancing up and down the tiny veins and wrinkles, remembering 
each of the sensitive spots he'd found through much appreciated 
experimentation.  He smirked at his own boldness as he spread the palm 
of his hand over her heel, ankle, and slightly up the base of her calf.  
Aeka sighed in eager submission to his skill, but it was still very 
difficult for him not to be distracted as she kept bending her knees 
and inching her hips forward.  Sensing that the game was beginning to 
progress a little two quickly, he opted for an intermission.
	"There we go," Tenchi exhaled happily, giving her two largest 
toes an affectionate pinch apiece.  Aeka stopped breathing as he put 
the lotion away and set her feet gently to the side so that he could 
more safely stretch to get the still steaming mugs.  As soon as he was 
ready to grasp them, she crawled around behind him and clutched onto 
his shoulders.  Her warm breath licked the bottom of his neck and the 
back of his ear.  
	"Tenchi," she cooed, "the rest of me needs to be warmed up too."
	As undeniably and ridiculously corny as this invitation was, 
Tenchi could tell that his wife realized this, and relished every 
moment of it, not caring if he gulped or laughed, so long as he 
ravished her soon afterward.  
In the playful core of every man's sexuality the self-important 
foreman of 'deeper emotion' often obscures a simpler voice.  For the 
first time since he'd found his father's 'Private Art collection', this 
shamelessly juvenile part of his psyche finally got to be expressed 
loud and clear.  He smiled to himself at the wiry imp in his mind, 
raising a fist and nearly squeaking out:

	Oh!  Boy! 

	With anxious certainty, Tenchi pivoted around on his knees and 
grasped Aeka's hips. There might have been time for a deep stare, but 
their mouths washed over each other too quickly to tell.  A tiny 
'clack' of teeth echoed briefly as two tongues raced to change seats, 
pressing and sliding warm lips into amorphous overlapping positions.  
Each of them nodded back and forth to grasp at some rhythm, neither 
wanting to give up or deny control.  Soft popping sounds as they broke 
for just enough air.  Aeka closed her eyes more tightly at the feeling 
of familiar hands caressing their way up her neck and face.  She 
clutched at Tenchi's abdomen violently as his fingers slowly spread 
through her hair.  Again in contrast to his gentle movements, she 
leaned her head back and thrust her chest forward, daring him to deepen 
his kiss and lower his hands.  
Tenchi's forefingers traced down the back of her neck while his 
thumbs inched along her jawbone.  The slow rotations of his tongue 
stopped again as Aeka pulled away for an erotic sigh. Bringing her 
thighs together and turning away, she pressed her back into her 
husband's chest before he could even notice her changed position.  He 
opened his eyes for just a moment and, seeing the violet silk beneath 
his face, closed them again to gratefully inhale the scent that had 
partially started all this.  Aeka leaned back and stretched her legs 
out luxuriously, reaching around and bringing his right forefinger into 
her mouth.  Her lips curled into a smile around it at the small gasp 
behind her ear.  She nibbled on the tip and drew its length into her 
mouth tauntingly.   
With his free hand, Tenchi pulled the hair away from Aeka's neck 
and began placing tiny kisses from her ear down to her collarbone.  He 
continued back up with a hungry movement, smearing his bottom lip along 
the sensitive path of tense skin.  A blast of warm breath over his 
absorbed hand sent gooseflesh up his arm, the subsequent sigh more like 
a whimper this time.  She wetted the next finger, tightening her check 
around it to match the now rock-hard massage of his mouth.  A single 
grunt escaped him, and he moved his right hand down to her hip, holding 
their position more firmly.
At this new security, she withdrew the moist and slightly red 
finger, letting it pull along her bottom lip, competing again for a 
more torturous pace.  The pleasure on her neck only intensified, and 
she almost reflexively began to guide Tenchi's limp hand through the 
fold of her kimono.  He stopped his kisses for a deep breath, pulling 
her closer to him by the hip again.  A surge of blood flexed the 
erection already pressing into Aeka's lower back as she brushed her 
husband's fingertips against her nipple.
     	Rather than continue his smooth pace, Tenchi instantly took the 
hardened apex and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger.  Aeka 
whined and grunted in low lascivious tones, wrapping one hand over and 
clawing Tenchi's shoulder, and curling the other back to dig into his 
side.  Her other nipple screamed for attention, and was soon appeased, 
though it had to wait while he drug his hand across the firm curve of 
flesh, cupping it for a moment before he pinched down with enough force 
to draw out a small scream.  He quickly muffled it with another more 
rigorous kiss.  Their nostrils steamed through the intense exchange and 
exploration.  
This position continued, Tenchi's fingers working diligently in 
different directions; one straining manipulate both breasts equally, 
the other trying to keep her now rocking hips from sliding away.  Aeka 
felt that her kimono was beginning to fall away and flexed her 
shoulders, gradually scraping the cloth away against his chest.  When 
he was finally forced to come up for air, he noticed the growing state 
of undress and gently contributed to it by moving both his hands slowly 
down her shoulders.  The pressure against his groin was somewhat 
forgotten as he gazed down at his wife's bare skin, marveling at the 
flawless ivory texture.  Though his arousal, like her heavy breathing, 
didn't waver, the feral heat in his head began to cool at this simple 
image.  He could not see her face now but knew that she was blushing, 
as she always did when he stopped whatever he was doing simply to stare 
at some part of her, silently held in worshipful awe.  With surgeon's 
care, he pulled the kimono further down till it hung at her elbows.  
She smiled almost giddily, sensing and gladly sharing this reminder of 
the tenderness at the core of their lovemaking.
	After one more gentle kiss at the base of Aeka's neck, Tenchi 
closed his eyes and rested his cheek against her shoulder.  He breathed 
deeply, almost a sigh, while she tried in vain to look over at his 
face.  Rather than be disappointed, she rested their heads together, 
content for a precious moment to hear him breathing in almost 
meditative peace.  She first shared a velvety sensation as he moved his 
face, but her nerves quickly clenched back to their original 
excitement.  The slightest scratch of facial stubble against naked 
flesh made her vividly aware of the wet heat still rising within her.  
The sound of her tightened breath was also enough to return her 
husband's more carnal self.    
	Tenchi began to pull on the kimono again, however, Aeka was no 
longer content to wiggle about.  She eagerly took her arms out of the 
sleeves and began crawling forward while he pulled away the remainder 
of the garment till it only covered her calves.  An eager tongue sewing 
a path between her vertebrae made her prostrate herself in lewd 
anticipation.  He pulled his fingertips along the sleek figure pulsing 
in the firelight before him, testing his control so much as to caress 
his lips submissively against Aeka's thigh, placing one last kiss upon 
it before nearly tearing his shirt and pants away.   
	Falling snow and rising fire forgotten, all focus directed to the 
slow insertion.  Aeka's moan deepened with the heat of her husband's 
flesh.  When their hips finally resting perfectly together, she 
tightened inner muscles and molded the slight stress into consuming 
pleasure.  They moved gently, perfect rhythm instantly achieved and 
maintained as fireplace snapped and blazed beside them, stretching the 
shadow of their bodies along the floor.  Sweat beaded on Aeka's face 
for the raw power held from consuming her by a silk thread.  She 
gripped the carpet and let out a deepened moan, turning it into a plea 
for release.  Tenchi watched her lift her head up in ecstasy then lower 
her arms and face to the carpet, tightening the pressure on his 
erection.  He gasped and thrust himself forward, slapping sweet flesh 
against him and tearing a wild cry from deep with her lungs.  Another 
thrust, even harder and she responded only with rapture.  His name 
reverberated as their pace quickened to almost a vibration, the moist 
skin beneath his fingers almost slipping away despite his desperate 
grip.
The last aura of the sun faded with the final echo of their 
orgasms.  Tenchi and Aeka both collapsed forward and rolled onto their 
sides, one feeling the dance of the fire, the other feeling the pulse 
of a heaving chest.   Their limbs curled tightly around each other as 
they savored the warmth surrounding them and watched the first stars 
blur amidst fresh snowflakes.  Silence between their breaths and the 
crackling wood, silence and the complete tranquility it offered.  
In the moments before re-ascending Tenchi reached over to Aeka's 
sewing basket and removed a thin strip of crushed velvet.  He bunched 
it up in his hand and wiped away a line of sweat upon his wife's 
minutely pregnant belly.  She responded by trying to position herself 
closer to him.   Impossible as this was, she resolved to wrap his arms 
more tightly around her.  The decadent fabric tickled slightly, but she 
focused instead on the infinitely reassuring meaning behind his 
gesture.  A smile spread wide enough to strain her rosy cheeks.
"You know dear, soon we wont be able to take full advantage of 
these longer nights." He spoke softly, tracing small circles around her 
naval.  
Aeka opened one eye at him and changed her smile, responding with 
sweet superiority.
"Well, you'll just have to work extra hard then, wont you?" 
She felt her husband giggle into her hair.
"Whatever you say, princess."



***
Author's Note- 

	The idea for Winter Coat came shortly after I submitted Spring 
Fever.  I know I should have finished it back in December, but I live 
in the overcrowded desert called southern CA and have to imagine cold 
weather anyway.  In case you hadn't already figured it out, this is not 
a continuation but a side story.  I might do two more for the other 
seasons that will also stand by themselves, if my "real" fanfic doesn't 
drive me insane first.  
This piece wasn't written to appeal to Aeka fans, nor to piss off 
all the Ryoko fans I'd pleased with Spring Fever, but let me take a 
moment to tell you all that advertising the story as T+R or T+A 
(giggle) kills almost half the fun.  Anime geeks can be artists and 
lovers too and hopefully these little lemonade breaks will remind 
people that sex should be considered an event rather than an act.  



PS = MSTs are encouraged as sugary lemons deserve ridicule even more 
than tasteless ones. 



