Tenchi Muyo Lemon
          Wishes


 Ryoko stood before the Holy Tree and closed her eyes. She didn't dare ask it for Tenchi,
feeling somehow that to ask anything specific like that would prevent her wish from coming
true. She just wanted to feel him inside her for that one night. She didn't even mind if
Ayeka joined them. It would be worth it just to watch her be anything other than a prude.
 "I wish I could spend one night making love to a male who loves me more than any other."
She whispered.
 She sensed that someone was standing in front of her now. Her wish had come true. She
lifted her face, eyes still closed, to be kissed and sighed as she felt a pair of strong
arms embrace her and pull her close. She could feel his erection through their clothes and
she smiled inwardly as she envisioned him buried inside her.
 Her eyes were still closed when she was lowered onto the ground and a gloved hand began
caressing her inner thighs. It was cold out, so she wasn't  all that surprised that Tenchi
would be wearing gloves. Still it disappointed her a little that she could not feel his
skin. Still, he was there, and that was all that mattered. He hadn't kissed her or spoken
either. Oh well, the kiss would probably come with his climax, and words weren't really
neccessary at a time like this. She offered no resistance when he pulled her panties off.
She fought off the urge to peek when she heard him take his clothes off, knowing that
she'd be sure to comment if she did. If that happened, she knew, she'd embarrass him and
her chance at bliss would be gone. She heard his breathing as he positioned himself on top
of her, her legs spread so wide she'd be sure to feel his manhood before she felt anything
else and thrust himself deep into her,  taking her virginity in a single stroke and not
stopping until he was pressing into her cervix. Ryoko cried out and dug her fingers into
the dirt,  her head turning from side to side as the hardness inside her moved back and
forth, caressing her inner walls. She moaned and cried in pleasure-pain as her womanhood
stretched to accomodate him. She felt his manhood swell inside her, trapping her on his
shaft. Odd. She'd played with Tenchi once when he'd been unconscious, and it hadn't done
that in her hand. Come to think of it, Tenchi's body wasn't that big. But if it wasn't
Tenchi, then who...? She was about to open her eyes, then thought better of it. Something
told her she didn't want to know. She wept softly, feeling ashamed that she'd let her body
be taken by someone who wasn't Tenchi. 'Who?' she asked herself. 'Tenchi,' she replied in
her mind. 'Tenchi. The boy you love. The boy you wanted to marry.' A tear ran down her
cheek as a thought struck her. Tenchi probably wouldn't want her now. She pushed it out of
her head. Ridiculous! Men didn't think that was nowadays, and her not being a virgin
anymore would be a blessing for Tenchi, who wouldn't have to feel guilty about hurting her
when their time came. As the thickness travelled back and forth in her body, Ryoko hoped
that ... what was that boy's name... 'Tenchi' she told the part of her mind that was
starting to fall in love with whoever was reaming her. 'You love Tenchi.'  She told
herself, hoping that she wouldn't be too stretched out by the time Tenchi decided to make
love to her. The thickness pressed into her cervix and she felt him ejaculate into her.
The sensations set her off and her hips pumped up and down orgasmically as her inner body
spasmed convulsively around him. She came and came and came, until at last her body was
spent and the spasms in her body dwindled to mere aftershocks. "I'm sorry, Tenchi." she
said in her mind, as she felt a long lock of her lover's hair against the side of her face
and fur of his muzzle against her lips. Her mind, still reeling from the orgasm that had
just wracked her body, looked up at her and asked: "Who's Tenchi?"
 
Lt. Trakal
Operative of the Galaxy Police SIU
