                           The Wrath of Washuu

     Warning: The following Tenchi story contains gratuitous explicit sex
(far beyond the limits of good taste even for lemons - I hope) which may
not be appropriate for some small children, people with heart conditions,
those looking for Sasami lemons, or readers looking for deep plot (or other
important story elements). Well OK, I may have accidentally slipped in some
story elements amongst all the sex, but I tried to keep it to a minimum.
     The rights to Tenchi Muyo and all characters belong to the Copyright
holders (probably Pioneer). The events depicted in this story represent my
own opinions on Tenchi Muyo.
     This is OVA continuity - not that plot or continuity really matters
here.
     Music is provided by ACME Cheesy Porno Music.

     Washuu Fic II: The Wrath of Washuu on Ryoko's Birthday (a.k.a. The
Wrath of Washuu)
     By Naga's Faithful Companion
     [Please direct comments to happyskull@juno.com]

     Aeka slipped off her heavy layers of clothes to prepare for an early
evening dip in the hot springs. Busily folding the royal garments, Aeka
completely failed to notice Ryoko as she phased through the bedroom wall.
Hands reached up from beneath those of the nude Jyurain princess and cupped
her breasts.
     "What the...?" Aeka angrily spouted. Ryoko pinched her royal nipples
and rolled them about in her fingertips. The princess took a second to
release a heady sigh before spinning about. "What's the big idea?"
     "I wanted to show you my new toy," Ryoko said and held up what looked
like a lollipop. Aeka eyed it, and the swirl on the disk began to spin. Her
eyes turned glassy, mesmerized by the swirl. "Hehe," Ryoko laughed with a
smirk.

     Earlier . . .
     Ryoko was simply walking by, minding her own business, when the door
to Washuu's dimensional closet swung open and the spiky-haired mad
scientist sprung forth.
     "Eeaa!" Ryoko let out as she hopped back. "It's you. I don't want
anything plugged into me today."
     "Little ole, me?" Washuu chimed, pointing her index fingers at her
cheeks in a cute display. "I wouldn't do that. I have a birthday present
for you."
     "What?" Ryoko said as Washuu thrust the invention at her.
     Ryoko took it in her hand and eyed it. "Looks like a lollipop." She
opened her mouth and prepared to take a bite out of it. Washuu's hand
smacked Ryoko upside the head, shutting her mouth.
     "It's a Hypno-Stick," Washuu explained as she landed. Little Washuu-
bots popped from around her shoulders to hold up 10.00 point landing cards.
"I thought you could have some fun with it." Ryoko's look of annoyance
phased to one of interest.
     "I think I could," Ryoko said, grinning, With that, Ryoko turned to
leave and begin plotting.
     "That's my girl,"Washuu said. "Your mommy loves you!"
     Ryoko cringed and grimaced while behind her, Washuu's mouth turned a
sly smile as she closed the dimensional door.

     A vacant Aeka stared out at an all too happy Ryoko. "Put this on,"
Ryoko told her, handing Aeka a light-blue robe from her rack. Once the
naked princess was partially covered, Ryoko took her hand and led her out
the door and down the hall. "You know, I'm the sort of girl who enjoys
sharing her good fortune with others."
     Outside the door to Tenchi's room, Ryoko stopped and listened. Having
confirmed someone was inside, she whispered into Aeka's ear who immediately
started blushing brightly. Ryoko grinned evilly as Aeka slipped inside.
Ryoko waited a bit at the door, listening for the fun to start before
phasing through to get the full peeping experience.
     "Hi, Ryoko," Tenchi said, walking past her in the hallway. Ryoko spun
around, shocked, and waved meekly. Then who the heck is inside?! Ryoko
thought.
     Once Tenchi turned the corner, Ryoko heard the shout of "hentai!" and
a smack. Aeka came back out into the hall. Tenchi's dad lay on the floor
unconscious with his pants around his ankles. A large red handmark was
splayed across his face. Ryoko fought the large sweat bead of embarrassment
from forming.
     "Don't worry," Ryoko told Aeka. "I was just so anxious I went a few
doors too far." Grabbing the princess by the arm, Ryoko tracked Tenchi down
to a large room in the house that he used for sword practice. There he was
with a wooden practice sword, going through a kata grandpa was forcing him
to learn. Ryoko impatiently nudged Aeka into the room.
     Hearing her, Tenchi looked to see Aeka. "Tenchi," she said, a sweet
tone to her voice. The front flaps of her robe were not quite pulled
together, and he could see she wore nothing underneath as she approached
him.
     "Aeka?" Tenchi said nervously. "What are you doing?"
     Aeka pushed his bokken sword aside and stood in front of him so that
he dropped it, "I want to give you another kind of woody."
     Tenchi tried to back away but was paralyzed by his indecisiveness.
"What if someone sees us? Ryoko could be nearby. We . . ." Aeka covered his
mouth with her own. Her arms pressed him to her, and his own hands rested
on her shoulders. The feeling of Aeka's body against him weakened his
defenses, and his tongue answered hers. Passionately, their tongues danced,
powered by yearning no longer restrained by inhibitions. Between the
erotically wet kiss and her curves rubbing into him, Tenchi's desire
couldn't help becoming enflamed.
     Aeka felt his hardness and enjoyed the feeling of it against her body.
She slipped her tongue away from his, continuing the kiss a few brief
moments before being able to break away. Kneeling down, she dragged his
pants around his ankles. "You look like you're all ready." She smiled up at
him and freed his dick from his underwear. Grasping him in her right hand,
she opened her mouth and swallowed his cock.
     "Oh, god," Tenchi let out as Aeka licked and sucked him with her
tongue and warm mouth, overflowing with saliva from their kissing.
     Partially phased into the floor, Ryoko watched with excitement. It
seemed like she'd been watching Tenchi for all of her life, at least for
all of his life. Seeing the look on his face now, it made her blush. Her
fingers went down her front to run along the slit of her pussy and rub her
sensitive nub.
     Aeka slipped her lips off of Tenchi's cock and smiled up at him, her
lips glistening wetly. She rose to her feet and slid the robe from her
shoulders, revealing every soft and beautiful curve. Aeka helped Tenchi
remove his shirt.
     "Now let's consummate our love," she said, pushing him to the floor.
Aeka planted her knees on either side of his waist, and grabbed his hand.
Tenchi had a perfect view of the princess, from her pussy and purple pubes
to her pink-nippled breasts. He let her drag his hand between her legs.
"I'm already this wet," Aeka said, and he could feel it.
     Ryoko delved her fingers into her moistening slit as Aeka positioned
her pussy over the head of his cock. She playfully let her entrance rest
lightly on the head and ran it between her labia lips. The girls both
enjoyed his reddening expression.
     "Have I teased you enough yet?" Aeka asked.
     As Tenchi tried lifting his head to answer, Aeka began lowering
herself onto him, slowly letting his shaft sink up into her folds. 
     "Ahhhh," Aeka began moaning.
     "I can't believe it," Tenchi groaned. The feeling of being inside her
was ungodly, warm, moist, and tight - somehow loving. Maybe it was the
expression on her face, but he was in heaven. Just when he thought it might
be too much, she stopped moaning. No longer moving, her pubic hair now
touched his.
     "You're all the way in," Aeka said, look down at him. Tenchi reached
out with one hand and explored their now joint crotch with his finger. His
other hand grabbed one of her tits. She smiled when his lower hand
unknowingly brushed her clit. Grabbing that naughty hand, Aeka placed it on
the floor next to them and held it down with her own.
     "Now, pump me," she said, and began moving up and down.
     Ryoko's fingers worked overtime as she watched the "proper princess"
rise and fall on Tenchi's shaft. Their moans and groans of ecstasy were
almost too much. At least for now, she satisfied her lonely hole with her
sticky fingers while imagining his pole sliding in and out of her.
     Aeka rode Tenchi with fervor. Tenchi began bucking up into her, his
hands on the floor held down by hers. He watched her tits move up and down,
bouncing as she pumped up and down his cock. It was the hardest it had ever
been, and he didn't know how much longer he could stand sliding inside her
before coming. 
     Ryoko's fingers furiously pistoned in and out of her sopping pussy.
She was so horny she was dripping, and the sounds of sex were everywhere.
She couldn't help moaning out loud.

     Washuu watched the events on her monitor and grabbed a handful of
crab-flavored chips. Munching away, she adjusted the screen and zoom
factor. Her toy was working nicely, as was her plan. The Hypno-Stick
couldn't make someone do just ANYTHING. It actually merely muted all
inhibitions and increased suggestibility dramatically. She had to admit she
was curious as to what would happen when it wore off. Also, Washuu began to
sit uncomfortably due to the wetness between her legs. Were her thighs
getting sticky?
     "That's a naughty little Washuu," the Washuu-bot on her shoulder
chastised. Washuu crammed some chips in its mouth.
     "Hey, I don't get to watch TV like this all the time," she said.

     Aeka wailed as her pussy felt it was about to explode. "How does it
feel to fuck the princess, Tenchi?" She asked, tauntingly.
     "Great!" He said when he managed to speak.
     "Pump my royal pussy full of cum," she said, rolling over on her back
and dragging Tenchi with her. Fucking as they rolled, he quickly took to
pounding her hole. Aeka crossed her spread legs behind his back, and he
continued feeding her hungry slit. "That's right, Tenchi. Fuck me royally!"
She said, and then laughed haughtily, knowing he couldn't resist filling
her with his dick.
     Washuu checked to make sure she wasn't leaving a wet spot through her
clothes. Aeka was quite the sex machine. Was this how all Jyurain girls
were? The bars of light on her monitor's meter were soaring towards the
top. Tenchi's sexuality had certainly awoken, but Aeka's was going through
the roof.
     Laying on her back, Aeka relished the feeling of him drawing nearly
completely out of her hole and then sliding back in, filling her to
capacity. "Don't stop," she commanded. Tenchi's face was turning bright
red, and he knew he couldn't hold it.
     Ryoko was at a peak of excitement. He was going to come - her Tenchi!
Ryoko's sticky hand rubbed her clit with fervor.
     Tenchi let go, looking down at the sexy, spread Aeka before him. He
cried out as his cum pumped into her. She grabbed Tenchi, and helped him
continue to fuck as he came, until he could pump no more. Sighing, he laid
down on top of her and rolled over on his back, holding her against his
chest. They kissed briefly and shared a happy afterglow.
     "Oh, Aeka," Tenchi said softly.
     "Tenchi, I," Aeka began, but her voiced trailed into silence.
     Aeka's eyes shot wide open. "What the . . .," she exclaimed.
     Ryoko stopped hiding. Tenchi had played with his gift. It was time for
the rest of her party.
     "How dare you!" Aeka shouted, holding him at arms length, and stood
up.
     "What? But ...," Tenchi stuttered. Aeka grabbed him, rolled him over,
and tied his hands behind his back with his shirt.
     Ryoko looked on blankly.
     "Now you're going to pay!" Aeka threatened, planting her heel firmly
in Tenchi's back. "You'll regret soiling a pure young maiden like myself.
And I don't even think I came!"
     "Oh, god!" Tenchi groaned while Ryoko laughed at "pure young maiden."
     Aeka dragged Tenchi to his knees, and brought his face to her crotch.
"Now finish making me come! And clean me up down there while you're at it.
No hands, you naughty boy."
     At her mercy, Tenchi tentatively extended his tongue to Aeka's wet
slit, and she licked her lips in anticipation. Her short azure hairs
tickled his tongue as he tried to bring himself to run it between her
glistening nether lips which oozed juices and semen.
     Tenchi shut his eyes tightly and forced himself forwards.
     "There'll be no need of that," said Ryoko, appearing to the two in her
glorious nakedness. "Tenchi and I have evening plans."
     "He looks occupied to me." Aeka said, both surprised and angry.
     Ryoko drifted forward. Her hands caressed the outline of Tenchi's
face, never actually touching him, drawing his eyes across her. "Tenchi
deserves a gentle girl, and the scary thing is, I'm gentle compared to
you." Ryoko raised her eyes to Aeka whose face contorted, seeing what could
only be chastisement in Ryoko's eyes. "The sex you just had was simply a
gift from me to Tenchi. Although, I thought it might do some good to loosen
you up a bit too." Ryoko smiled.
     Aeka laughed. "Tenchi's mine. He's a slave to our love. Can't you
see?" Aeka forced Tenchi's face into her crotch with a squishy sound and
raised a whip from who knows where. 
     "Mhermmmhbl," Tenchi said.
     "Looks like I'll have to take care of you the old fashioned way after
all," Ryoko said, forming a sphere of light in her hand. 
     Tenchi felt himself released from Aeka's grip as the battle begun and
used the opportunity to run as fast as he could. An explosion rocked the
floor, and his feet nearly tripped over themselves. He made it to the
living room before he fell flat on his face. Where could he go where the
two madwomen wouldn't find him? Where wouldn't they look? His eyes drifted
up to the doorway under the staircase, the door leading to Washuu's other
dimension. Who could hide him? He'd sworn to stay away from Washuu's lab.
He was tired of her experiments and maniacal scheming. But, there were more
immediate threats on his mind so he stood up and ran inside.
     Tenchi allowed himself a sigh of relief as he entered a large open
area of green grass, serene ponds, and waterfalls hanging in midair. He was
no longer in immediate threat of being torn apart by two sex-crazed girls.
Just one wouldn't be bad . . . Tenchi shook his head to clear it. He
couldn't allow himself to think that way. It could only result in mass
destruction, the type that was probably occurring right now. Was there
going to be a house to go back to? Well, it had been rebuilt once or twice
already.
     Tenchi's eyes caught a fish flop from one of the floating islands down
into a larger pond. He did kind of feel just like a fish going with the
flow. 
     "Tenchi!" A familiar voice said from behind him. He turned to glimpse
Washuu step from a portal of some sort. "Tenchi, darling, how've you been?
It's been a while." Tenchi suddenly felt like a fish with hook in mouth.
     "Uh," Tenchi said, noticing something predatory about her. She was
dressed in a red vest with green trim and sported a short black mini-skirt.
Her eyes looked him over with appreciation. "Gah!" Tenchi said, remembering
he was naked with his hands tied behind his back by his own shirt.
     "Oh, what's the occasion I wonder?" Washuu melodramatically placed one
hand over her chest and raised the other to the sky, saying, "Could it be
that you've finally realized the importance of our work and have come to
help further the noble quest of science?" Then, she kicked back on her
heels slightly and slyly put a finger to her chin. "Or, do you just want
some kinky sex?"
     "I needed a place to hide from . . ." Tenchi's eyes narrowed. "This
isn't all some sort of plot concocted by you, is it?"
     Washuu unfurled a small white fan in front of her mouth and laughed.
"Who, me? I'm just happy to see you."
     "Something's definitely not right with today. This isn't like alien
girl mating season or something, is it?"
     "Well, it is Ryoko's birthday."
     "It is?" Tenchi blushed inexplicably. He hadn't even given her
anything.
     "Yup. Well, maybe not technically, but everyone on Earth has a
birthday. So for Ryoko, it's this day."
     "Isn't that a tad arbitrary?"
     "Actually, it's pretty accurate."
     "I see," Tenchi said. Suddenly, he felt himself being lifted up.
     "Hey, what?!" Tenchi felt himself placed in restraints by some unseen
contraption. He also felt the shirt tied to his wrists vanish. The scenery
shifted to that of a lab. Whether or not he'd actually been transported to
another location, he hadn't a clue. Washuu spun around, now in a pink
nurse's uniform, and snapped a glove onto her right hand.
     "I think it's about time I got another sample from you," she said.
"Surely, you don't mind." She touched one of the restraints behind him.
"These are just for your own safety."
     "Shouldn't we be doing something for Ryoko, like a party or
something?" Tenchi said, held in the upright x-shaped restraint.
     "You'll be seeing her again today," Washuu said, briefly closing her
eyes. When she reopened them, Washuu twirled in close and laid her head
against Tenchi's stomach. "Don't you like me, Tenchi?" Her hands held his
waist, and she enjoyed the warm feeling of being against him.
     "Well, I . . ." Tenchi began but couldn't finish. "It's not that I
don't like you," he said.
     "Men are such terrible people," Washuu said. "But, I've come to think
you're not a man."
     "Hey, now."
     "You certainly don't act like one," Washuu said.
     "Hey!"
     "I hope you're better than a mere man. Could you do the terrible
things that others do? Would you ever abandon those who loved you?"
     "No, of course not, but I'm not that great. I can't even choose from
the women who're chasing me. I don't want to lead them on, but . . ."
     "You don't want to hurt them," Washuu finished. "Well, I don't think
you can continue refusing to make a decision for very long. However, maybe
there's an option you haven't thought of."
     "Can't I just use being spineless as a defense?"
     "You'll just have to think of something that will make everybody
happy."
     "I can't see how that could be possible."
     "Tenchi, I think you're something special. I'd surely be jealous of
any woman who claimed you as her own."
     "Washuu . . ." Tenchi said, putting out of his mind the number of
women who HAD claimed him as their own. He felt a sudden pang of remorse
for never thinking about how important he was to Washuu. Certainly, she had
to be very lonely. How did everyone trying to avoid her make her feel?
Although she'd never tried to claim him as her own, using him as a lab rat
in her lewd experiments was obviously her way of showing him affection. The
least he could do was go along with it. He was her friend after all.
     "But, science is more important!" Washuu spouted.
     "I was going to say you're really wonderful!" Tenchi said.
     "Of course, I am. I'm the greatest!" Somewhere in the shadows, a lone
Washuu puppet slumped its shoulders, the one line it solely existed to say
having been stolen.
     "Washuu-chan," Tenchi said with consideration, "I would never abandon
you."
     Washuu's expression changed, her eyes reflecting something genuine -
Tenchi couldn't tell what, but it was obviously genuine.
     "I must admit, I've underestimated you, Tenchi," Washuu said. "One
might think you're trying to break our doctor/patient relationship."
     "However," Tenchi said, picking up from where he left off, "I just
came so today's probably not a good day for sample taking."
     "Don't worry," she said, removing her gloves. "You're a young boy so
you should already be ready again; however, as for most things, there's a
cream for that." She was smiling at Tenchi, and he couldn't tell what she
was thinking, which was normal. However, it was different from her normal
maniacal glee, which he could tell.
     Washuu lifted a tube and squeezed some white cream onto her hand. She
then lifted his penis and began applying the cream to his balls, making
sure to rub it all in. "This is an accelerant," Washuu explained. "You'll
replenish your reproductive fluids instantaneously. It's also a sexual
stimulant which is just as well because sometimes it causes overproduction.
It's better to be safe than sorry."
     "Now, I recall asking you once before how you would like it done."
     "Well, er . . ." He was starting to have the feeling that going
forward with this was a horrible mistake. What could he have been thinking?
Had what happened with Aeka made his morals that loose?
     "Oh, what the hell," Washuu said and adjusted the dimensional control.
The lab shifted into an elaborate bedroom. The bedposts were elegant
woodwork and the mirrors on the four walls had intricate gold frames.
Kneeling on the bed, arms invisibly restrained behind his back, Tenchi
gasped. Washuu stood beyond the edge of the bed, removing her vest. She
turned away and unfastened her mini-skirt, letting it drop to the floor,
and then looked over her shoulder and winked at him. Her gloves had come
off (figuratively and literally).
     Washuu crawled onto the bed and knelt before him. She smiled and
pulled the thin pink shirt over her head, tossing it to the side. "Stand
up, Tenchi," Washuu instructed, now only in her panties. He stood up with
assistance from the restraining arm and looked down at the almost entirely
naked scientist. 
     "Remember," Washuu said, "this is for science." She placed the lips of
her tiny mouth around the head of his cock as if in a kiss. Her tongue
tickled his prick as she swallowed it to the back of her mouth. Tenchi felt
himself harden more as he felt the vibrations of Washuu's sighs of
happiness. Her tongue undulated along the underside of his cock, making him
fully erect. Tenchi felt the desire to pump in and out of her mouth, but
exhaled loudly in pleasure, helplessly restrained. Washuu's shiny wet lips
moved farther up his cock, and he felt the tip of his cockhead snuggle into
the entrance of her throat. Tenchi sighed to welcome the new feeling, a
brief break from her tongue's direct attack which was going to drive him
mad.
     Washuu allowed the saliva to build up in her mouth, giving Tenchi's
dick a wetter experience. Rather than swallowing the excess, she let it
drool from her lips onto her chest. Slowly, she let his cock slide from her
mouth, allowing a thick glistening bridge to form between her lips and the
tip of his prick. She pulled away a foot and then brought her mouth back to
lick the head, making sure the sagging band of saliva dripped between the
small mounds of her breasts. Tenchi cursed himself, bursting with lust as
he watched Washuu make a mess on herself while licking along the length of
his prick. Her breasts shimmering with wetness, Washuu swallowed his cock
again, but he could take no more. The unbearable force was building up in
his shaft.
     Tenchi released the first pulse in Washuu's mouth. Having expected it,
she removed his cock from her mouth in time for the second pulse to
splatter onto her chest. A third pulse splattered onto her right cheek and
trailed down her shoulder. His dick continued to pulse, now only oozing,
and Washuu took it back into her mouth, saliva and cum hanging from her
lips. Tenchi absolutely went out of his mind as Washuu's tongue cleaned his
shaft. Semen was sliding down her chest around her fully extended nipples,
and her pink panties were totally soaked from both the messy oral sex and
her own excitement.
     "Oops," Washuu said, removing Tenchi's cock from her mouth and smiling
up at him. "I seemed to have failed to save any for a sample!" Her smile
simply beamed.
     "What?" Tenchi said, not really understanding what he heard as he
continued to shudder.
     Washuu hooked her thumbs under the sides of her panties and slid them
down. Once she pulled them off, she placed them to the side. "If you agree
to cooperate fully through the rest of the experiment, I'll release your
restraints."
     "Sure," Tenchi said, and he felt himself released. He slumped down,
panting for breath.
     Washuu plopped herself down on her butt and spread her legs. Waiting,
she ran a hand across her breasts through the mess Tenchi had made. Her
sperm-covered fingertips teased her excited nipples.
     Meanwhile, Tenchi noticed the bunched panties on the bed before him.
He slowly looked up and noticed Washuu's position. "Come here," she said.
"My widdle guinea pig."
     "This is wrong," Tenchi said, moving up to her. Washuu merely sucked
on one of her sticky fingers. Tenchi felt a charge between his legs as his
body readied itself again.
     "It looks like we'll have to use full sexual intercourse now," Washuu
said, leaning back on her arms. Tenchi loomed over her and placed his cock
at her inviting entrance. The patch of red hair there was damp; of course,
she was wet pretty much all over.
     "For science?" Tenchi asked. Could she possibly be feeling how he was
starting to feel? He was filled with sudden self-loathing. He was betraying
Aeka, and Ryoko also loved him. Was he betraying her too? This was going to
make it three girls that had a hold on his heart. Could he possibly
rationalize this as just sex between friends or make it out to be a cold
clinical act for science? Of course, the sex drive that the cream had given
him was making it hard to think.
     "For me," Washuu said. "My hole needs you." 
     Tenchi succumbed to his weak-willed soft heart, and lust did the rest.
The mushroom-shaped head of his penis pressed into the pink-petaled
entrance of her opening. He pushed forward into the silky wet passage,
savoring the feeling of it engulfing him. The tightness of her tunnel was
unbelievable although he should have expected it from her petite frame. 
     "Keep going, naughty boy," Washuu said.
     Slowly, he penetrated deeper, one bit at a time. Washuu leaned her
head back and sighed as her hole was explored. Determined, Tenchi grabbed
her waist and filled her with his dick in a single thrust. Instantly, he
groaned from the incredible feeling of her pink walls gripping his cock
from all sides.
     "Ooooh, wooow," Washuu cooed, filled to the max, and Tenchi proceeded
to fuck her like silly. "Pull me up, I'm going to fuck your brains out,"
Washuu said orgasmically as he pounded her pussy. Obediently, Tenchi lifted
her upwards, falling onto his back, and the little red-headed minx
immediately began to pump herself on Tenchi's shaft. It was his turn to
moan as Washuu's pussy sucked away on his dick. She rode him like wild, and
he raised his hands to give her more support. Finding he didn't need to use
both hands, he ran a hand over her cum-covered breasts. They were small,
but soft and pleasant to the touch. He tweaked her nipples, enjoying the
slippery soft feeling of her mounds.
     "Yes, play with them, Tenchi," Washuu said in between whimpers. She
was crying out in ecstasy, continuing to piston her pussy on Tenchi's pud.
The dick in her hole was becoming too much, and Washuu could feel her limbs
becoming weak. "You're going to need to take over now," she said, turning
around. Tenchi sat forward, following her as she got onto all fours. He now
began taking her from behind on his knees, hands on her hips. Not
satisfied, he bent forward and cupped her small tits in his hands, using
them for leverage to fuck her savagely.
     "Don't show my pussy any mercy," she cried. Each thrust was stretching
Washuu's pink tunnel beyond anything she'd felt before, and her juices were
flowing out of control. Their bodies collided to obscene sounds of sex as
her fluids flowed down from between her legs. She pressed a hidden button
and a transparent monitor appeared in midair, showing that their sexual
performance was passing the maximum. Washuu's orgasm came without warning,
and Washuu's pussy clamped down on Tenchi's dick like a vice and spasmed,
seeming to fuck him back. Tenchi cried as he shot his load deep inside her.
She seemed to cum forever, and his cock continued to pump out its milk,
seven creamy loads in all.
     "Wow," Washuu said, rolling onto her back in exhaustion. Tenchi sat on
his butt, holding his now super sensitive hard-on aimed up in the air. He
watched Washuu rest as a small stream of cum trickled from her twat. His
dick dwindled as his system went into recharge mode. It was then that they
heard the screaming of two girls. "Those two," she said, exasperated. "And
I wanted you to put it in my ass."
     Washuu flipped up, and opened the exit back to her lab from the
dimensional bedroom. "You can take care of Ryoko now, Tenchi," she said.
"I'll distract, Aeka." He followed her out.
     In the green outdoor area of Washuu's dimensional space, Tenchi spied
the two girls running about naked. Ryoko angrily pursued Aeka, whose butt
had been plugged with a large green dildo. Aeka turned about to lash with
her whip, and Ryoko fended off the attack with an energy saber. The sudden
look of surprise in Ryoko's eyes momentarily confused Aeka. The Jyurain
princess was shocked by the whip that wrapped around her waist from behind,
binding her arms to her sides. 
     Aeka was spun about and drug to her knees by a tall buxom redhead. The
voluptuous dominatrix wore a black eyeglasses mask, gloves, thigh-high
boots, and nothing else. However, her spiky hair gave away her identity.
"Do you need some love?" She asked Aeka, approaching to stand before the
kneeling princess.
     "Er, mommy," Ryoko said, talking to Washuu who was now in her true
form, "That hypno-pop wore off and didn't work on her again."
     "It only works on someone once," Washuu explained, kneeling down
before the struggling Aeka to give the royal lady her full attention.
Washuu crammed Aeka's face between her large breasts and fingered her
pussy. The princess blushed hotly.
     "Now doesn't that feel better?" Washuu asked.
     Meanwhile, Ryoko had noticed Tenchi who had nervously come closer.
     "Tenchi, I've been looking all over for you," she said and hugged him
close to her. Ryoko pulled back from him a bit and placed her lips over
his, kissing him passionately. Their tongues both entertwined eagerly. This
was a moment she'd looked forward to for far too long. With their naked
bodies pressing into each other, the two continued their slow sensual kiss,
neither wanting to separate.
     When they did, Ryoko whispered, "Make love to me now, Tenchi." With
both of them blushing, Tenchi moved down to her breasts to lick them and
suck on her nipples. At this same moment, Washuu was gently holding Aeka
who was happily suckling her captor's nipples. With Ryoko on her back,
Tenchi now put his mouth to her pussy and went to work with his tongue.
Ryoko moaned softly, her face still flushed red, as Tenchi's tongue parted
her pussy lips and delved inside. After some of that, which Ryoko seemed to
enjoy, he played with the sensitive nub of her clit and teased the areas in
the general vicinity before diving back into her wet hole.
     "Can I join in?" Sasami's voice made everyone look up in shock and
horror. They stared at the little girl waving her arms.
     Washuu pressed a hidden button and the hologram phased out. "Just
kidding," she said.
     "Why you, little," everyone collectively said at Washuu and shook
their fists. Aeka quickly put her "restrained" arm back between the whip
and her side, sporting a sweatbead. Washuu just laughed and crammed four
fingers into Aeka's twat. Tenchi dove back into Ryoko's pussy with his
tongue, and she was soon shaking from an earth-shattering orgasm.
     Ryoko's face beamed with the largest smile he'd ever seen. "Let's
finish elsewhere," she said, and Tenchi nodded. She took him by the hand
and flew from Washuu's dimensional oasis. They could hear Aeka screaming
for more as Washuu took her from behind with a leather strap-on dildo that
she had summoned from subspace. Washuu had one hand on the green dildo in
Aeka's ass and pumped it so that she was fucking Aeka in both holes at
once.
     "Is that all you've got?!" Aeka yelled, her face twisted in pleasure.

     Ryoko led Tenchi to the bed in her room. She sat down on the edge of
her covers and wrapped her lips around Tenchi's cock. Her mouth and tongue
caressed his member with love, but she didn't allow him to cum just yet.
She leaned back and spread her legs, urging him to step up and enter her.
     "I want you in me now," Ryoko said, and Tenchi pushed himself inside.
He thrust in and out between the lips of her pussy. "I've loved you since
before you ever knew me. I'm so happy right now, for us to finally be
together." Her face was a mix of emotions, and Tenchi was almost worried
she was going to cry.
     "Happy birthday, Ryoko," he said, slowing down.
     "Thank you, Tenchi," she said, wrapping her arms around him."Don't
stop, dummy." Tenchi took the hint and starting pumping harder. "I love the
feeling of you in me."
     "Me too," he said.
     "Try not to cum inside me. I have more plans," Ryoko said.
     "If I do, I don't think it would be a problem for me to be ready again
quickly," Tenchi said.
     "Well then, please fill me full of your cum," Ryoko said. They seemed
to bang together forever, but Ryoko eventually came, pushing Tenchi over
the edge. She screamed in delight.
     "Here I come!" He said, firing several volleys of creamy love up
inside her.
     He kept on thrusting, and Ryoko found her orgasm being prolonged. Her
creamy tunnel continued to spasm around his dick. When she finally relaxed,
he stopped moving. They held each other for awhile. Then, she laid back on
the bed.
     "Get up and straddle my chest," she said, and Tenchi obeyed. Ryoko
lifted a small container of lotion and squirted it all over her chest. "Do
you think you could rub this into my tits?"
     "Sure," Tenchi said. He was more than happy massage it all into her
breasts. He even played with her nipples a bit as he made sure all the
lotion had been rubbed in. She stroked his cock until he became hard again.
     "Now put your dick between my tits." Ryoko pushed her boobs together,
and Tenchi gasped as he felt how they molded about his shaft. "Fuck my
tits. Squirt all over me. Cover me in your creamy load, my sweet boy."
     Tenchi slid his shaft back and forth between her fleshy mounds. "I
love this!" He said, fucking her tits faster.
     "I thought you would." Ryoko watched amusedly as the head of Tenchi's
dick continually appeared and disappeared from the top of her cleavage,
thrusting towards her face.
     "I'm going to come now," Tenchi said, voice quavering. He pulled his
dick out from between her tits, and the first rope of cum reached her
forehead and splattered in a sticky trail that reached her nipples. He
pumped out several more loads, each either splattering on her face, her
tits, or beneath her chin. Ryoko was a sticky semen-covered mess. Eight
loads in all had spewed from his dick, smothering her beautiful skin in
cum.
     "How do I look?" Ryoko asked, sticky strands of semen forming between
her lips as she spoke. Tenchi's breath was taken away. She was shameless!
Ryoko ran a hand across her face, gathering the cum in her palm.
     "You look awesome," Tenchi breathlessly said.
     "Good, now get off me," she told him. "I have one last thing in mind."
     Ryoko got up on her hands and knees. She smeared the cum from her
right hand in the crack of her ass, and she scooped up more cum from her
breasts, stuffing it down her asshole with her fingers. Ryoko worked
quickly so the cum didn't drip from her breasts onto the bed. She wanted to
use all of it that she could, and stuffed as many fingers as she could in
her butthole to help widen it. She barely managed four, using two from each
hand.
     "Is it a sticky mess, now?" She asked, pulling apart her asscheeks so
Tenchi could see down her anus.
     "Yes," he said.
     "Good," she said, placing her hands back down on the bed to support
herself. "Now fuck my ass, Tenchi-chan. Fuck my virgin backdoor."
     Tenchi pressed the head of his penis to her open anus and sank his
cock inside. It was tight enough that he had to work it in, much like with
Washuu's pussy. The sides of her ass felt hard as steel. It was warm and
gooey but much less pliant than any of the pussies he'd had today.
     "Do you like it? Is my ass good?"
     "Oh, yes," Tenchi said, nearly all the way in. "I'm not hurting you am
I?"
     "A little bit, but I'm stretching," she said. "You can start fucking
it now."
     "Ooooo," Ryoko groaned as Tenchi began thrusting in her forbidden
hole. With fervor, he plunged in and out, and Ryoko delighted in it. She'd
never been filled like this before. One of her hands reached up from below
to finger her pussy. Ryoko played with her clit while Tenchi fucked her
rear hole into a froth.
     "How do you like plumbing my pipes, Tenchi?"
     "I'm in heaven," he grunted.
     "You're in my butt silly. Oh and sir, don't forget to clean out my
pipes with your hose," Ryoko teased. She closed her eyes and let herself
enjoy the feeling of Tenchi at work, sliding inside her.

     "Aeka?" Washuu said, still in her mature form.
     "Yes, Mistress Washuu," Aeka said. She was sprawled on the floor, both
of her holes having been satisfied.
     "I want to show you something," Washuu said, leading Aeka through her
lab. The scientist gave note to her monitors which showed Tenchi currently
fucking Ryoko in the rear. She felt a pang of jealousy, but she'd satisfy
that eventually. "Do you know why I've orchestrated all of the sex
tonight?"
     "No," Aeka said.
     "I've been gathering data with which to program my new invention. I've
modifying one of my prob-u-lator chambers into the most advanced pleasure
room ever built. It will revolutionize sex as we know it, and I've been
keeping it super secret - until tonight. Would you like to see it?"
     "Yes."
     Washuu pressed a button, and a steel door slid open to orgasmic
screams and moans of pleasures. Aeka's eyes widened, and Washuu's bugged
out.
     "How in the . . ." Washuu began.
     "Wow." Aeka gawked at the orgiastic scene before her.  
     The two-story room was large with silver walls and filled with smooth
mechanical tentacles. A naked Mihoshi and Kiyone were each supported in
midair by the tentacles pulsating in their front and back holes. A pair of
tentacles pressed Kiyone's tits together while a third fucked between them,
and Mihoshi had both hands on a large one which she sucked greedily.
     Aeka sneaked a hand to the wet slit between her legs.
     "Somebody save me!" Kiyone yelled.

     Tenchi groaned and Ryoko felt the splash of cum in her anus. Ryoko
looked back at him with her best bad girl grin and milked his cock with her
butt muscles. With enjoyment, she listened to his moans as he spurted more
deep inside her, overflowing her asshole with semen. Finally spent, they
collapsed and spent the night in each other's arms.

----
     The next morning, Aeka was polishing her leather whips. Her poor
submissive indecisive Tenchi would be licking her boots, among other
things. It was going to be a good day. She also had a lot to learn from
Mistress Washuu. Aeka's nipples were hard just thinking about it. If only
Tenchi had enough of a spine to treat her well on his own . . . Well, she
would train him properly.
     Back in her "natural" petite form, Washuu was furiously trying to
straighten out the programming of her Fuck-u-tron room. What had Mihoshi
done to it?! Hopefully when it was done, she'd be able to find out how to
fully re-awaken Tenchi's full potential. Was he truly capable of using the
Crescent Light Hawk Cocks?
     Ryoko sat up and stretched her arms upwards, letting the suns rays
bathe her body. She watched Tenchi sleeping peacefully. How could she
possibly wake him up rudely? Perhaps . . . like THIS!
     Tenchi: "Ahhhhhhhh!"

The End?
Thank God

(Heck, I actually have some story ideas to develop now, but should I really
cheapen the gratuitous sex in this story by doing that? I.e., I just wrote
this because I needed something to do while I worked on serious story
ideas. Anyhow, I hope you've enjoyed my little time-waster lemon.)