	Tenchi came down stairs after a long nights sleep when
he is faced with a difficult choice. How to kill and kill and kill.
You see during the night Tenchi contracted a mild case of rabies from
Ryo-oki and it has driven him insane. All he can think about is ripping
the flesh from everyones bones. As he gets his first idea a smile creeps
across his face and he starts to giggle. What fun is about to happen.
	"Kyone,when are you going to tell everyone about our love?"
"Tell people? Are you mad Washu? If word got out that I, A police officer
were involved with the most insane scintest in the universe scandal would rock
the entire empire." Washu leaned over and placed her hand on Kyone's leg and 
whispered "Honey come back to bed and i'll show you what to do with your badge."
Kyone sighed and climbed under the covers and went to work. Tenchi had watched
this entire exchange from the doorway and had a flash of insight. "I knew that
those plastic exploseves I got from Minne May would come in handy." Tenchi giggled.
"I'll be right back," said Washu as she went into the bathroom. She looked over 
and grabbed the soap. Or so she thought. When she climbed back into bed she said
"Honey I got the soap for a even better time." "All right co-" was all Kyone had time 
to say before Tenchi pressed the button on his remote detnotar. Washu and Kyone
were nothing more than spots on the floor of Washu's Lab. Tenchi giggled some
more and felt a wave of light headness come over him. Then he went to find that
little bitch Sasami who wanted to get into his pants. "Little whore," thought
Tenchi as he left. 
	When he got outside Sasami's door he heard some Metallica blaring as loud as the
cd player would allow. That made Tenchi's headace even worse. "Damn little bitch!!"
screamed Tenchi but the music was too loud for her to hear. He knocked on the door.
Nothing the music was too loud. So he went on in. The sight he saw was shocking. Sasami
was naked on her bed holding a picture between her legs and moaning softly. Tenchi looked
at the picture and saw that it was a picture of him! "That fucking slut!" Tenchi thought.
But now he knew just how to kill the little bitch. He left without her even knowing he was
there and went down stairs. He went to the new grand piano that they had gotten for Ayeka
and looked inside. He found a loose wire and ripped it free. Now all he had to do was lure
the little corner-walker into his trap. Sasami had turned of her music and was just laying
there on the bed thinking about Tenchi trying to find a way to get into his pants. Then
she heard a knock on her door and threw on her robe then opened the door. There was no one
there. She was about to close the door when she saw a note laying on the floor. It said, "
Sasami I have decided that you are the one I want. Meet me in Washu's Lab in 15 min. Dont
worry about Washu I have taken care of her." Sasami's heart fluttered and she ran down to
Washu's Lab and went inside. "Tenchi," she called in that oh so sexy voice and walked
toward a table in the middle of the room. "This should serve my purpose with that sexy
man," she said. But she looked down and saw that she was standing in the puddle of goo
that Washu and Kyone had turned into. At first she thought it was just some cabbit shit
but then she saw the red and black hairs and it dawned on her what had happened. Just then
she heard a portal open and felt something tighten around her throat. Tenchi was
strangeling her with some type of wire!!! She fought to get free but he was stronger then
her(rabies it'll do that to you) so it was to no avall. The last thing she rembered was
Tenchi's constant giggling and then she died. When she stoped breathing Tenchi picked her
up and placed her on the table. He drove nails through her hands and feet and left her
nailed to the table standing against the wall. Now Tenchi thought that killing Yosho would
be a lot more fun. Tenchi muttered a giggle and went to the shrine to settle some things.
	Yosho was metidating on some wise sayings but he was running out of ideas. "Don't
shit where you eat," came to mind but he quickly rejected it. Heard a thump behind him and
it was Sasami's severed head staring at him. He jumped up wooden sword in hand. It was
Tenchi with his hands behind his back. "Tenchi what have you done," he screamed at him.
Tenchi didn't say a thing but just giggled and blood started to run out of his nose. Yosho
reconized it as rabies. Yosho knew what he had to do. He rushed Tenchi with a speed that
was blinding. Tenchi did nothing but pull what he had behind his back out into view. It
was a Colt 45 with a seclincer on it!! Tenchi pulled the trigger 8 times. Yosho's body was
thrown back into  the wall and he bled to death. When he died Tenchi spit in his face.
Tenchi took the body and threw it into the lake giggling the whole time. It was time to
take care of Ryoko that fucking whore. Tenchi giggled and his headache got worse. 
	Ryoko was watching her favroite soap opera when Tenchi found her. He was careful
not to let her see him sneaking into the kitchen to get his "toy". He reached into the
drawer and grabbed an ivory handle butcher knife. It could cut through bone with one full
swing and not have any trouble. He climbed inside a cabnet and called Ryoko's name. Ryoko
heard him and said "Coming my cuddle muffin." She came into the kitchen and was puzzled.
She could of swore that Tenchi had called her name from in here. She turned to leave when
a can of carrots fell in front of her. She looked up...... The last thing she saw was the
light glinting off the blade of the knife. The knife went into the top of her skull and
cleaved it in two. Leaving the blade buried in her neck Tenchi dragged her into Washu's
Lab. He left her in a very naughty poisiton on top of Sasami. Tenchi was now coughing up
blood as he came up with his plan to kill that air headed slut Mishoshi. He giggled and
left.
	Mishosi was watching tv in her room when she felt the cloth being pressed against
her mouth. Breathing in the colorform she passed out. She woke up tied spread eagled on
her bed with the corpses of Sasami and Ryoko on top of her. She tried to scream but her
mouth was duct taped shut with some sort of hose in there. Tenchi was standing there and
said " Now we are going to see if you are really an airhead." He reached over and turned
on the air compresser and air started to fill up her mouth. She started to cry and her
eyes started to buldge out from the air pressure. Finally her head couldn't take any more
and it exploded. Tenchi was covered in brains which he ate because they were tastey. Now
to get that ass hole Ryo-Oki. Tenchi giggled and went back to Sasami's room.
	 Ryo-Oki was asleep when Tenchi found her. He picked her up and slammed her up
against the dart board. He took a couple of darts that were lying on the table and jammed
them into her ears pinning her to the board. Ryo-Oki was now crying like only she can and
Tenchi ripped out het vocial cords. He then got the rest of the darts and played a little
game. He hit her three times in the heart and thankfully she died. Tenchi's dark mission
was almost done all he had to do is kill Ayeka and he would have his revenge. He giggled
of course and threw up. Then he left.
	Ayeka was in the hot springs when he found her. She was thinking of a way to(you
guessed it) to get into Tenchi's pants. All Tenchi had to do was replace the saki she was
drinking with sfurlic acid and the job was done. When she took a drink her throat was
eaten out and she bled to death. Tenchi giggled and dragged her body to the others and set
them on fire. 
	Tenchi was having fun until his heart exploded because of the rabies. He died with
a smile on his face and someones arm in his hand.

	The Moral? The Moral is ....I can't think of one so leave me alone!
                                                        The End       Story by: Ray Moore        
Tenchi and others are copyrighted by Pioneer all rights reserved.
Tell me what you think at Goku89@juno.com.