Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! And the characters belong to AIC/Pioneer and are 
not mine, and I'm not claiming them to be mine. SO NOBODY SUE ME!! plz?

WARNING! In this fanfic, the subject of sex comes up. *GASP!!* It's true. So 
if you're as old as Sasami and accidentally stumble onto this site, you 
should really leave. (Your parents will be PISSED!!)

WARNING 2! If you have NOT seen the first ep of this fic then GO AND READ 
IT!! You'll be in the dark if you don't!

WARNING 3! The fanfic will be starting now!!!




Tenchi Muyo!

What We Do For Love

Episode 2




	Tenchi lay in his room staring at the ceiling; he has been like that for 
the last half-hour. His mind constantly coursing over events that took place 
much earlier that day. The anger that he had felt so long ago was much 
diminished since then and his memory was starting to reveal some things that 
he hadn't seen before. Like how painful Ryoko expression was when he said he 
didn't want to see her, or how she looked physically wounded from Tenchi 
raising his voice at her. And worst of all, how he had just left her there 
without saying a word.

	"Damn, I have to go talk to her." He thought out loud.

	He jumped out of bed and made way downstairs, quickly scanning for Ryoko in 
her favorite spots to relax, but she didn't seem to be anywhere in the 
house. Trying to avoid an exhausted search for her, poked his head into the 
kitchen were Sasami was finishing up what smelt to be a delicious dinner.

	"Hey Sasami, have you seen Ryoko around?"

	"Nope, It's been a while since I saw her. But I think she went into Washu's 
lab" said Sasami, not even looking up from her work. "Oh, and Tenchi?"

	"Yeah?"

	"When you find her, tell her it's dinner time."

	"Sure thing." Tenchi left the kitchen and made his way to the lab door. He 
hesitated only for a moment, nervous of what may lay ahead of him. Washu's 
lab was always full of strange surprises, like being tied up in your 
underwear for example...

	But when he opened the door, the surprise that was in store for him was 
definitely the record breaker. Inside he saw a two-foot square closet with a 
broom leaning against a small pile of old dusty boxes. Exactly something you 
might see in a storage room under the stairs.

	"This is a joke, right?" The lab was gone. He couldn't explain it. It was 
just gone. He whirled around expecting to see Washu with a camera, eager to 
capture the expression on his face, but she wasn't there.

	"Little Washu... where are you?" It had to be a joke. Non of this made any 
sense. Completely in disbelief Tenchi closed the door, then opened it again. 
Nope, still just a closet. He closed it again and walked away pondering the 
possible reasons for this.

	*You think Washu might be in trouble? Not likely, Washu controls everything 
in her lab, I doubt anyone can outsmart her there. But what could have 
caused the lab to disappear like that?*

	His answer quickly came. Sparks and began to fly from the door, creating 
light so extreme it made the sun look dim. Swooshing sounds flew everywhere 
as the gravity constant was being altered, pushing air around the room like 
a jug of water. Of course, all this action didn't distract Sasami from 
cooking. ^_^

	With an almost friendly like *POP* the whole commotion stopped as quickly 
as it started. Then Silence. That's all Tenchi heard from his shelter behind 
the couch. Tenchi nervously rose to his feet. He made his way around the 
couch towards the lab door.

	The door opened on its own and Tenchi took a step back. Standing in the 
frame of the door was Ryoko, with her shoulders slouched and arms draped at 
the sides. Tenchi couldn't see her face though, she was looking down. Tenchi 
wasn't to worried about the lab disappearing and returning anymore, the way 
Ryoko stood in the frame of the door told him he had more important things 
to worry about.

	"R-Ryoko?" Tenchi lowered his head to try and see her eyes but she turned 
away.

	"Hey that smells good. Sasami sure is one great chef. Lets go sit down and 
eat Tenchi." The pleasantness in her voice was clearly forced, which bugged 
Tenchi even more.

	"U-uh, ok." The way Ryoko was acting, it was really nagging at him, all the 
way to the point were he reached out and grabbed her arm before she could 
walk away.

	Tenchi felt her jump, as if she had never felt the touch of another human 
being before, or she was afraid of it. "Ryoko, we really need to talk. I've 
been thinking a lot about wh-"

	"Good evening Lord Tenchi." Aeka smile as she passed him heading towards 
the kitchen. Tenchi hand shot back from Ryoko almost on instinct of hearing 
Aeka's voice.

	"Oh, hi Aeka" Tenchi turned to great her for only a second, but when he 
turned back Ryoko was gone. "Ryoko? Where did she go?" He glanced around for 
a moment to see if she had just eluded his field of vision, but she didn't 
appear to be in the room. More of the house members filed through the room 
to sit down for dinner. Sasami's announcement of dinner to Tenchi wasn't the 
only one she had made, and with her cooking, news spread quickly.

	"Come and sit down for dinner now, Tenchi" Nobuyuki said coming down the 
stairs. Scratching his head and puzzled, Tenchi walked into the kitchen. He 
was quick to find Ryoko though; she was sitting right at the kitchen table. 
*That's very strange of Ryoko...* Tenchi thought to himself.

	He sat down directly across from her. She STILL wouldn't look him in the 
eyes, and it bugged the hell out of him. "Ryoko are you ok?" his voice thick 
with concern.

	She nodded and said "Tenchi, if you want to talk to me, do it after 
dinner." Her voice was empty.

	"Uh, sure." With Ryoko's every movement Tenchi became more and more 
worried. *What's wrong with her? It sounds like she had the life force 
sucked out of her.* Then it hit him like a ton of bricks. *She is like this 
because of what I said. Why didn't I notice sooner? DAMN! I have to fix this 
as soon as possible.*

	Everyone picked up their chopsticks and started digging into the delicious 
and diverse food. That is until Sasami spoke up. "Oh no! Miss Washu's not 
here."

	"So, what else is new?" Aeka quipped. She had a point, Washu's attendance 
to dinner was at an all time low and nobody really ever expected her to 
come. When she did eat dinner with everyone, it was a 'delightful surprise'.

	"No, I saw her an hour ago in the onsen and she told me she was going to 
make it today." Sasami said, sounding a little heart broken that the whole 
family wasn't there.

	"Now now Sasami, How many times have I told you to call me Little Washu?" 
The temperature in the room raised a few degrees as Washu made her way into 
the kitchen with perfect timing. Sasami's face lit up with joy.

	"Oh Little Washu! You made it!" Sasami giggled how she still called her 
that when her Washu's child form was still bigger than Sasami. "Now were all 
together." She smiled again with satisfaction.

	Washu glanced over at Ryoko. Her heart sank when she noticed her head 
drooped, staring at her food. Suddenly, Washu started to regret coming to 
dinner. She also noticed how Tenchi was also glancing at her, with eyes of 
concern. *Oh no. I bet he thinks this is his fault. Even though Ryoko is 
acting like this because of... what I did to her.*

	On the other side of the table, Ryoko sat with her hand clamped shut, 
sweating bullets. *I knew this wasn't going to work. I can't even look 
anyone in the eye, not after what I did. And what's with Mom? She's acting 
like nothing happened. Is she in denial or something? Denial that her 
daughter is a freak?*

	The room had an unpleasant silence to it, only stained with the sounds of 
scraping chopsticks. The atmosphere of the room stabbed deep into Ryoko. It 
was like everyone already knew but they wouldn't say anything, like she was 
being tortured for what she did. *There's no way that they know. It's 
impossible.*

	Concern overwhelmed Tenchi when he noticed Ryoko not eating. "Ryoko, are 
you sure your ok?" Ryoko froze. She could feel everyone's eyes poking all 
over her. She could even hear their whispers of disapproval.

*Tenchi: What you did was sick Ryoko, I never want to see you again.*
*Aeka: You're worse than a monster, you're an insane pervert.*
*Nobuyuki: I don't know what you do in space, but on Earth, that's 
horrible.*
*Katsuhito: With the way your acting you are not suited to live with us 
anymore.*
*Washu: Not you Ryoko, you can't be my daughter...*

	She wanted to get out of there very VERY desperately. The already awkward 
silence that followed Tenchi's concerning question made it harder for her to 
say anything, and the longer she waited, the worst she felt.

	Washu just sat there watching Ryoko. She could feel her anxiety 
overwhelming her. She wanted so bad to get up, walk around the table and 
comfort her. But she was positive that any sort of 'physical' contact 
between them, no matter how friendly, would be a bad idea.

	Tears started to well up in Ryoko's eyes. *I can't do it. I can't even face 
Tenchi. I'm such a coward.* Ryoko teleported away.

	"Oh my." Aeka said, even she was displaced from Ryoko actions.

	"I'm sorry, everyone." Everyone turned to Washu. "This is all my fault. I 
don't know how to explain. I'm going to fix this. That's all I can say." 
Despite her words she had no idea HOW she was going to fix it.

	Tenchi was quiet, still not sure what to think. "Do what you have to do 
Washu."

	Washu tried to smile but failed. "If you'll excuse me." Washu stood up to 
start figuring out how to undo the damage she had done. She took two steps 
before freezing in her tracks. Ryoko's thoughts would never barge into 
Washu's mind intentionally; she always seemed to keep to herself. But once 
in a while an emotion or feeling strong enough would ricochet out and echo 
into her mind. It's happened many times before when she was with Tenchi, it 
had just happened again, and it buried fear deep into Washu. "No...NO! 
RYOKO, NOOOO!"

	"WASHU WHAT IS IT?" Tenchi was quick to jump to his feet. Washu grabbed his 
arm and dragged him outside towards the hill over the shrine.



- ------------- -


	The sunset over the mountain was in its golden beauty as Ryoko stood 
overlooking the place she had lived for so long. She smiled with tears 
streaming down her face. *It was fun while it lasted.*

	She powered up a short dagger with her energy as she took her final glances 
at the world around her.


- ------------- -


	"SHE'S GOING TO DO WHAT?!" Tenchi yelled as Washu continued to drag him 
across the field.

	"She's planning on killing herself and I think you're the only one that can 
stop her." Washu said, her voice faltering in fear. It was almost too 
painful to see the expression on her face. Tenchi finally got his balance 
and started running past Washu. "She's on top of the hill that overlooks the 
Shrine!" Washu yelled to him as he sped further away.

	His heart was beating so hard it was almost beating him into the ground. It 
wasn't pounding from the intense running, but from Ryoko. It wasn't even the 
fact that she might die, there have been many life-threatening close calls 
before, he would hate to admit it but he had gotten used to it. What really 
made Tenchi almost fall over and break his neck was the fact that something 
happened to Ryoko that depressed her so much past the point of just being 
sad she actually wanted to commit suicide. For as long as she knew Ryoko, 
she had always ranked life higher than death. No matter how bad a situation 
looked, she always wanted to get out with zero casualties (well, that's a 
lie, she wasn't ALWAYS like that.)

	Tenchi was almost flying. He's never run this fast before. It was so fast 
that his brain couldn't keep up with his body and he almost ran into a 
couple trees. As he neared the cliff he noticed something that made him stop 
dead in his tracks. Blood. He could smell it everywhere. It was an intense 
sent. He began running again with tears welling up in his eyes.

	There she was. Laying on the ground with an energy dagger penetrating 
through the base of her rib cage. She was still alive though, with the blade 
ignited and the tears streaming down her face, Tenchi could tell she was 
definitely still alive.

	Tenchi quickly made it to Ryoko and hunched over her. "Oh God Ryoko..." He 
tried to pull the blade out but Ryoko held it tight.

	"Tenchi..." That was all she could say. She was so PALE! It was like 
looking at a ghost.

	The blood pooled around Tenchi's knees "Why?"

	"I couldn't live like this Tenchi. I couldn't live a lie."

	"What are you talking about?"

	"You don't know Tenchi, if you knew you wouldn't care if I died." Ryoko's 
voice sounding weaker by the moment.

	"How can you say that. No matter what happens Ryoko, I'll always care about 
you. Extinguish the blade and save your energy, Ryoko, please." He pleaded 
with her and choked out a sob when he saw blood flow out of her like a 
faucet.

	With all the strength she had left, Ryoko lifted her hand to hold Tenchi's 
face that was covered with tears. "Oh Tenchi, I didn't know I would hurt you 
so much." Her blade faded and her hand fell limply onto the ground, "I'm 
sorry."

	He just continued to stare in complete disbelief. *She's gone*

	"NO, RYOKO!" Washu screamed, finally making it to the scene. Washu dashed 
over to Ryoko's side and picked up her limp body. Washu rubbed her back and 
her arms, as if she was trying to put some warmth back into her. "No... 
Ryoko. Please..." Washu continued to hold Ryoko for what seemed like 
forever.

	The scenery became very quiet except for the occasional breeze that blew 
lightly across the grass. Washu gazed around her; the green trees seemed to 
shimmer in the golden light from the setting sun. Squirrels were playing in 
the brush and birds chirping happily added to the pleasant harmony. "You 
hear that Ryoko?" Washu whispered. "Everyone is playing, the world is happy, 
so you can't be gone." She squeezed her tightly again. "You can't be."

	Suddenly Washu jumped. Underneath the thick layer of dead thought that 
burned up in Ryoko's mind, Washu could sense something still there. She laid 
her back down and checked her vital signs.

	"What is it Washu?" Tenchi said wiping the tears from his face.

	"OH RYOKO!!" Washu cleared her eyes, she was almost laughing. "Tenchi, 
*SNIFF* don't worry about her. She put herself in stasis." Tenchi almost 
started crying again from joy. "Heh, it's going to be alright." Washu let 
out a VERY heavy sigh.

	"Help me take her to my lab. She's fine now, but she's still lost a lot of 
blood..." Tenchi picked Ryoko up being very careful not to bounce her around 
too much. As he followed Washu back down the hill towards the house he 
couldn't stop thinking about what had almost happened. Even though Washu 
assured him earlier that none of this was his fault, he still felt 
responsible. Would this have happened if he yelled at her? Would it have 
happened if he didn't push her away so much? Tenchi was so deep in thought 
over this he hadn't noticed that had already reached the house.

	"Hey Tenchi, I'll take her from here. It'll be better if her and I talked 
this out alone." Tenchi handed Ryoko over to Washu who could barely manage 
due to her small size. When she took Ryoko she noticed guilt plastered all 
over Tenchi's face. "Tenchi, what happened to Ryoko was between me and her. 
Please, you shouldn't feel guilty."

	"If it wasn't me then what? What happened Washu?"

	"I can't tell you. For me and Ryoko's sake." Washu disappeared into the 
house. Tenchi could only stare at the door Washu walked through. He was 
disturbed that something had happened under his roof that even he couldn't 
know about.

	Aeka walked out of the door with a worried look on her face. "Tenchi, I 
just saw Washu carry Ryoko into her lab. Will she be alright?"

	Tenchi just answered plainly "She'll be fine."

	"What is this all about?"

	"I don't know."

	"You don't know? Ryoko looked like she had died and you don't know?"

	Tenchi started to get angry at the fact that he honestly didn't know. "I 
said I don't know! ... But I'm going to find out." With new ambition to find 
the truth Tenchi marched into the house and headed straight for Washu's lab.

	Inside the mini genius' lab, he found Washu stripping Ryoko down leaving 
her bare on the floor.

	"Washu what are you doing?"

	"TENCHI!" Washu nearly jumped out of her skin. "I am, that is... uh... I 
need to put her in a regeneration chamber. She can't have any cloths on for 
that."

	"Oh, okay." Tenchi had no idea how compromising of a situation he had 
caught Washu.

	Out of the center of the floor a glass cylinder seemed to elevate up out of 
no where. Washu picked up Ryoko again and phased her through the glass. From 
the interior ceiling of the cylinder, Washu pulled down an oxygen mask and 
placed it over Ryoko face.

	"Hey Washu, we need to talk." Tenchi said to her as she phased back out of 
the tube.

	"Huh? What did you say?"

	"I said we need to talk." Tenchi repeated.

	Washu started typing away at her holo computer. "I already said that this 
wasn't your fault Tenchi, can't you take my word for it?"

	"It may not be my fault, but it still involves me and I want to know. 
Besides, I care about Ryoko too much to let it slide, she almost died today 
because she thought I might hate for what she did."

	"What did you say?" Washu stopped typing

	"I said I care about her too much to just let this slide."

	"No, the other part." Washu turned to face him.

	"Yeah I forgot to tell you, right before she uh... passed out, she said 
that she couldn't live her life as a lie. That if I knew the truth that I 
would care if she died."

	Washu took a step back as if struck hard in the head. *Oh Ryoko, why didn't 
you tell me? Why didn't you talk to me?* Washu's memories flew back to the 
moment when she left her inside the lab after their intimacy. She was so 
upset with her own actions she hadn't even realized how Ryoko might have 
felt about it. *Well that's why she didn't talk to me... Way to go Washu.* 
Washu remembered the dinner table, she remembered how Ryoko couldn't even 
face anyone and how she didn't even say a word. *Of course! Its not me she 
found fault in, she was blaming herself for it!* Washu turned back to the 
holo computer and started typing again.

	"Washu why don't you answer me? What happened between you two that was so 
horrible?"

	"You don't want to know."

	Tenchi was almost insulted. "Ryoko almost died today. OF COUSRE I WANT TO 
KNOW!"

	Washu looked up for a moment to try and find the words to say to him. *Well 
Tenchi, because Ryoko felt so horny for you she almost jeopardized her 
relationship with you. Knowing Ryoko, losing you would push her over the 
edge. So I helped her out by relieving some of her sexual anxiety for her. 
Basically, she had hot steamy sex with me instead of with you. Unfortunately 
she hates herself for enjoying it so much since it was such a major taboo 
and figured everyone else would hate her too. This, in turn, caused her to 
lose all hope in life and attempted suicide.* No, she definitely couldn't 
tell him. "Some things are better left unsaid."

	"Not when it comes to life and death." Tenchi retorted.

	Suddenly an evil grin spread itself across Washu's face. "I'll tell you. If 
you tell me one thing."

	"What would that be."

	"Having been alive for 20,000 makes me a very experienced person. What I've 
found out about people is that there is always one thing that they can't 
share with ANYONE. I'm talking about those DEEP DARK secrets that they keep 
pent up inside them. Tell me yours Tenchi, and I'll tell you what happened."

	Tenchi took a step back. "What are you talking about? I have nothing to 
hide."

	"But of course you do! Everyone does! I still have your recorded mind data 
from when I analyzed you. How about we take a look see eh?" Washu grin 
widened.

	Sweat formed on his brow. "NO DON'T!"

	"Why so desperate to stop me Tenchi? What have you got to hide?" Washu's 
holo computer started streaming with text; the top of the file was labeled 
'Tenchi Masaki'.

	*NO WAY!! I can't let her know about that... If anyone knew the truth...* 
Tenchi thought as he tried to get Washu to stop. "ALRIGHT ALRIGHT I GET THE 
POINT!"

	Washu closed the file satisfied with herself on her form of persuasion. 
"Good, now if you'll leave me I've got things to work on, like Ryoko."

	"Okay, I'll leave you alone now. I hope Ryoko is feeling better soon, both 
physically and emotionally." Tenchi turned and walked out of the lab.

	Washu punched in the last bits of data into the computer before hitting the 
execute key and a silvery-blue liquid filled up inside the glass cylinder. 
Washu glanced over to Ryoko and let out a heavy sigh. "You certainly are a 
lot of trouble, but you're worth it."

- -------------- -


	Washu's lab was extremely silent; it had been like that for the past two 
days as Ryoko healed. Although the healing process didn't require her full 
attention, she kept a very watchful eye for Ryoko while she continued with 
her other studies. That is until recently, when her non-stop work for the 
last 48 finally caught up with her and forced into sleep.

	A quiet beeping started to sound and Washu lifted her head. "Ugh! How long 
was I asleep?" Washu rubbed the red mark on her forehead where her face had 
made contact with the hard console upon losing conciseness. She looked over 
the to the flashing light and the soft beeping on the console. "Looks like 
she's all done" Washu thought aloud.

	Ryoko eye's slide open every so slowly. She squinted at the new incoming 
light even though it was relatively dim inside the lab. She took in her 
surroundings and gathered that she must have been put in one of Washu's 
healing chambers. She saw Washu typing at her holo computer, checking her 
vital signs. Washu glanced up for a moment with an unreadable expression on 
her face. Suddenly Ryoko just realized that she was naked. She tried to 
cover up while blushing feverishly.

	Washu pretended not to notice. *You sure did give a scare Ryoko.* Washu 
said using her telepathy. Ryoko remained silent.

	Washu hit a combination of keys on her computer and the silvery-blue liquid 
inside the container began to drain. *Well, you'll all better now.* Washu 
tried to be cheerful. As the cylinder emptied itself, an awkward silence 
placed itself into the room. Ryoko just floated inside the cylinder, ashamed 
of herself even more. Not only had she committed unethical incest and 
enjoyed it, but she also took the cowards way out of her problems: suicide. 
After what seemed like forever, the liquid inside finally emptied complete. 
Ryoko removed her oxygen mask and fidgeted with it while nervously glancing 
at Washu from inside the tube.

	Picking up on the queue, Washu materialized a towel out of thin air and 
held it up for Ryoko. Ryoko shyly phased through the glass and wrapped 
herself up.

	"Do you mind telling me why you did such a crazy thing?" Washu asked.

	"That's a funny question coming from you."

	"I don't think its funny at all, somehow you got this idea that nobody 
cares about you." Washu said, almost scolding her.

	"Well it's the truth isn't it? Just think if anyone of them knew what 
happened..."

	"Sure, they would think a lot of things, but they would never want you 
dead." Ryoko looked away as if to ignore her. Washu started a new approach. 
"So, what stopped you?"

	"Huh?"

	"What kept you from going through with it?"

	She paused for a moment, trying to member what had happened. "...it was 
Tenchi. He was crying, I've never seen him do that before."

	"Well then, I'll have to thank him later."

	"What for?" Ryoko asked sarcastically.

	"For saving the thing most precious to me."

	"Don't patronize me. You don't care about me at all. You left me..." Her 
voice started to waver. "...Because of what I did."

	"Ryoko, you didn't do anything more than what I had already started." Washu 
took a step closer towards Ryoko.

	"But, what I felt, I can't even say..."

	"Then don't say anything." Washu said as she sifted through Ryoko's 
thoughts for her unspeakable feelings. Ryoko nervously glanced at Washu's 
quizzical eyes studying her face. Suddenly her expression froze and her eyes 
widened; Ryoko knew that she had found what she was looking for. Ryoko 
turned around to cover her shame. But much to the surprise of Ryoko, Washu's 
attitude became very cool.

	"So what? You enjoyed yourself, I guess I should take that as a 
compliment."

	"What?"

	"You had a good time, that was the point of me seeing you, remember? There 
is no reason to feel ashamed."

	Ryoko couldn't believe what she was hearing, she just stood there staring 
at Washu intensely. "You're lying. What I did. It was just... WRONG!"

	*She is still blaming herself. What can I do to get her to open up?* A 
friendly and warm smile grazed across Washu's face as she realized what she 
would have to show her daughter. Washu approached Ryoko and put her hands on 
her shoulders. Ryoko froze, remembering what happened last time her mother 
reached out like this. Since Ryoko was so much taller than the child-like 
Washu, the little scientist pulled her down on her knees so that her head 
rested on Washu's chest. Ryoko was too consumed with fear of the contact 
between them to resist being pulled down.

	"What are you doing?" Ryoko finally managed out.

	"Shh, just be silent." Washu lovingly stroked the back of Ryoko head. Washu 
took all of her emotions and feelings that were jumbled up in her mind and 
focused them into a single telepathic burst sent right to Ryoko. The fear in 
Ryoko's heart soon began to melt away. A warmth entered her mind and body so 
strong she couldn't say or think anything. The warmth filled her completely, 
from her eyes that began to shed tears, to the tips of her fingers on her 
hands, that clamped tightly around Washu. The warmth released her soul that 
was locked deep under her loneliness, loneliness that had been dissolved 
instantly by this new sensation.

	"Do you feel that Ryoko?" Washu said quietly.

	"Yes." Ryoko responded, even quieter.

	"Do you want to know what that is Ryoko? That's my love for you. You are my 
daughter and I love you more than life itself. Nothing will ever change 
that." Washu continued to hold Ryoko who had started sobbing into her.

	"Mom, I'm so sorry, I..."

	"Shh, don't say that. You don't have anything to be sorry for."

	Ryoko could see images coming from Washu. They were images of her playing, 
laughing, crying, fighting; everything Ryoko had experienced in life, and 
Washu was there for it all. Ryoko finally understood her mother. She would 
never again be afraid to express herself to her. Everything Ryoko did only 
expanded Washu love for her. Ryoko wanted so desperately to say something, 
but she couldn't find the words. She tried to start many times but stopped 
herself since it didn't come close to how she was feeling inside. Finding 
herself at a loss for words, she released herself from the embrace and gazed 
into her mother's emerald eyes. Before she realized what she was doing, 
Ryoko leaned forward and gave Washu a tender kiss.

	Ryoko broke the kiss and hugged Washu again to wait for a response.

	"So, are we all right now... with everything?"

	"Yeah, we are."

	"Don't forget this Ryoko, I know what your going through with Tenchi is 
tough, but you don't have to do it alone. Anytime your feeling lonely just 
come and see me, okay?"

	"Okay." Ryoko released from the embrace again and pulled Washu in for 
another kiss.

	Washu broke the kiss and hefted her up. "Come up off the floor now." Ryoko 
put her feet under her and found it surprisingly difficult to support her 
own wait again. "So, are you ready to go back out there?"

	Ryoko thought for a moment, did she want to see everyone after what she 
tried to do? "No... Let's stay in here for a while."

	Washu made her way over to the computer console where a long bench was 
located, she sat down and motioned for Ryoko to join her. Ryoko sat down 
next to her mother.

	"Is there anything in particular you want to talk about?" Washu asked.

	Ryoko shook her head. They sat there in an awkward silence for a moment or 
two before Washu's face lit up.

	"Hey c'mon, lets lighten up a bit. Everything between us doesn't have to be 
serious and dire." The bounce in Washu's voice made Ryoko laugh a little. 
"So, what's new?"

	Ryoko thought for a moment for the latest interesting thing that happened 
that was worthwhile reporting. "Lets see here... I was getting along with 
Aeka for a while two weeks ago."

	"WHAAAT! YOU get along with AEKA?!" Washu nearly fell out of her seat.

	"Yeah, that was when Tenchi had gone on that class trip into Tokyo for a 
few days. I guess when he's not around we don't really have much to fight 
about."

	"So what happened?" Washu said crossing her arms.

	"I'm not sure really. Since we where getting along so well I thought I 
would try and have fun with her. I started teasing her, but she took it WAY 
to seriously. She couldn't tell that I was just joking."

	"You started teasing her?" Washu again couldn't believe what she was 
hearing.

	"Well yeah, when we had started getting along I thought she had finally 
loosed up a bit..." She paused, remembering how sore Aeka was from her 
poking fun at her. "Some people you just can't have fun with."

	"Why did you start teasing her?"

	"We were both really board and I wanted to have fun with her. She just 
can't take a joke can she?"

	Washu rolled her eyes. "Look, when you start to like someone, you don't go 
making fun of them."

	"But, that's always so much fun and-"

	"Look, when Aeka makes fun of you, do you like it?"

	Ryoko's eyes widened as the realization crashed down on her like Mihoshi. 
"No I don't like it..."

	"Well the feeling is mutual. She doesn't like it when you tease her. When 
you start to like someone, you act nice to them, you know, say nice things 
and do favors for them."

	"Say nice things? I'm no good at that." Ryoko said plainly.

	"Well, there is always the ancient form of showing affection, give her a 
hug."

	"A hug?" Ryoko gulped.

	"Yeah, maybe even a little kiss."

	"A KISS?!" Now Ryoko was the one almost falling out of her seat.

	"I'm not talking about the way YOU do it. You kiss with a real passion. 
When it comes to friends, just kiss them a nice friendly little peck on the 
cheek."

	"I've never heard of a kiss like that, how do you do it?"

	Washu thought for a moment on how she would explain it, but then realized 
something. "Here, I'll show you." Washu moved in quickly and touched her 
lips to Ryoko's cheek in a most friendly of manners. Ryoko looked back, 
surprised on how non-offensive it was.

	"See, I told you it was friendly. Now you try it."

	Ryoko moved in quickly, when her lips connected, she hesitated on bringing 
them back.

	"Well, was I friendly?"

	"You held the kiss to long, you have to make it really short, or people 
will think your trying to come on to them." Ryoko started scratching her 
head, trying to figure this new technique out. Washu attempted to put it 
into terms she would understand. "Look at it this way. When you throw a 
punch, you fist only makes contact for a split second before its over. A 
friendly kiss is the same way, as soon as it starts, it ends."

	"Hmm, well, that makes sense. I'll try again." Ryoko moved in quickly and 
planted a friendly kiss on Washu's face.

	"That's it!"

	"Yeah! I did it!" Ryoko smiled and gave her a thumbs up.

	"This could also work on Tenchi. When want to show him you like him, try 
this kiss out on him, I bet he wouldn't mind it at all."

	"You can bet on that."

	Ryoko was eager to use her new form of self-expression. She glanced over to 
the entrance of Washu's dimensional lab and stood up.

	"I think I've kept my friends wait long enough. It'll be good to see them 
again."

	Washu stood up as well. "Good, I'm glad to hear your feeling better now." 
Washu smile at how her daughter had made a *full* recovery.

	They both made there way over to the door. When Washu reached it first she 
stopped and turned to Ryoko. "By all means, after you."

	"Thank you." Ryoko reached for the door, but she hesitated on opening it 
up. She felt she needed to say something more. "Oh jeez, I'm no good at 
this..."

	"What is it?"

	"Well, what I wanted to say, before we went out there is that..." She bit 
her lower lip. "Well, Mom, the thing I wanted to say is uh... I uh... I love 
you."

	Washu throw her arms around her daughter. "Oh Ryoko! I love you too!"

	"Maaa-um" Ryoko moaned, already embarrassed enough as it is.

	Washu pulled away. "Sorry, its just that, I don't think you've ever said 
that before."

	"Well, um... Sorry, for not saying it before. I loved you then, I just 
didn't realize it as much."

	Washu reached up and rested her hand on her shoulder. "Thank you."

	"Well, uh, we better get going." Ryoko reached down again and opened the 
door. Ryoko smiled warmly at her mother as she stepped through the door into 
the Masaki house.

	Now alone, Washu smiled contently at the new conclusion she had reach with 
her daughter. She knew the path she was taking was a peculiar one, but is 
was also the right one. She never needed to doubt herself again. Washu then 
stepped through the door and it shut behind her.



THE END




- ------------------ -


NOTE: Yup that's right, no lemon in this ep. (KEEP YOUR PANTS ON YA 
PERVES!!) I finally finished this little two-parter to kick off the series. 
Stay tuned for episode 3 ^_^

