                                            Das Renhy the VIII
                                        The year that world's colide
    This is a lemon, Warning: Explicit sexual talk, rape, and orgasms,
this is not suitable for people 17 and younger, read at your own risk!
        Just another day at the masaki shrine until cartoon character's
from other show's appear! A Mega X-over lemon.
 Tenchi Muyo!/ Tenchi Universe/ Tenchi in Tokyo are trademarks of
Pioneer animation, FF7, FF6/3, FF5, Brave Fenser Musashi, and Dew
Prism/Thread's of fate are trademarks of Square Soft,
Star Ocean: 2nd story and Dragon warrior 1&2 are trademarks of Enix, I
forgot what Dragonball Z was the trademark of, Wild Arms is the
trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment america, I forgot what
Sailermoon was the trademark of, but all I know is that it's owned by
both Japan and Canada, South park is a registered trademark of comedy
central, Beavis and Butt-Head are trademarks of MTV, Gargoyle's are a
registered trademark of Disny,Breath of fire 3, Mega Man X, and Zero are
trademark's of capcom,  meaning I don't most of these character's, the
one's I do own I created in my mined and added some story to: Sir
Draconus is one of my creation's, even though I don't remember where I
got his name, Lady Maria is the wife of Sir Draconus, Lady Veronica is
theoffspring of Sir Draconus and Lady Maria, Anubis is different from
the Ronin warrior's and the egytion god, he make's you think of the Grim
Reaper crossed with a dog's head, Bandit I named after my dog, and is
the son of anubis and is engaged with Lady Veronica, Project Anubis, a
robot version of Bandit, originaly was the robot version of Anubis but
couldn't handle the power of the avatar of the most powerfull being in
the whole galaxy, Project 491, I robot that was desighned to use the
power of KI, Project M80, a robot plain and simple, Cyberoth, a robot
proficent with all swords, Siliroth, a robot proficent with aLL TYPE'S
OF THROWING STAR'S, Masacre droids, just your basic mini robot able to
kill every thing on a single planet, and finaly Das Renhy, me of course,
the most powerful being in the whole galaxy!!
     Chapter 1: The wierd sister's "FUCK UP" the galaxy.
     Chapter 2: Das Renhy's Rage!!
     Chapter 3: Lady Veronica's Rape case/the birth of Kensyko-san the
demon
     Chapter 4: The wedding orgy
     Chapter 5: The crimson plague/The birth of Ryoko
Jr.
Chapter 1
             "The wierd Sister's "FUCK UP" the galaxy"
 It was a very special day today Cloud realized as he remembered that
today was the day that they would go to face Sephiroth, and that it
could the last day of his short life. He woke Tifa up and reminded her
what was happening today and started to head for the Highwind when he
noticed it. Tifa looked up and was startled by the sight, in the sky
were 2 dragon's that resembled the Bahamut summon creature! They were
both looking at the meteor like it was just a simple ball that kid's
played with, then, it happened. The 2 dragon's sshot in unison a
GIGANTIC beam at the meteor and it shattered out of existence. Horrified
by the site, Cloud grabs Tifa and start's to run but was stopped dead in
his track's by Sephiroth, who didn't look good do to the fact that he's
tide to a holy cross being carryed by cloaked figure. Then Tifa and
Cloud turn around to run in the oppisite direction they see another
dragon with more cannine feature's than dragon, and it seemed to be
talking with the 2 other dragon's, then it pointed a finger to where
Cloud and Tifa were. Cloud and tifa tried to run but were stoped by a
Samurai who had in one hand a great sword, in the other was Sephiroth's
Masamune katana. The samurai said in a female voice: don't move or my
husband will eat you, pointing at the taller dragon who was floating
above them. Cloud and Tifa didn't move one bit, then another strange
thing happened, the 3 dragons started morphing into a more humanoid
form. The tallest of them was a male, he looked to be in either his late
20's to early 30's, but besides from that he still looked like a dragon
due to the fact that he had the wing's and tail of a dragon, but an even
stranger affect is that he had long "BLOOD" red hair. the shorter one
looked to be in her early 20s to her later teen's, had long blond hair
and seemed a little embarrased at the site of Tifa, but what set her off
were the angel like wing's. But the 3rd person was unable to have his
age deturmined, due to the fact that he was a dog born in the form of a
human. The girl said in a sweet yet stern voice " Me and my father saved
your pitiful asses from something that his grandpa eat's for a light
snack" pointing at the Dog-Man, who looked as though he was proud of
what she said. The older man back-handed the girl and said " Don't talk
about are master like that, and stop cussing". The girl hit him with
Tifa's Dolphin Blow move and said " Dad I'm 13, ive already killed
monster's 80 time's more powerful than me, my fiancee here actauly liked
the remark, and you want me to stop cussing? Fuck you I'll cuss all I
want, and  Bandit's grandfather isn't are master, dammit, I can hardly
understand how you could have aloving relationship with mom since you
and her got married 13 year's ago, and you still treat me like a child
after giveing hundred's of lecture's to you, some were from Bandit, and
other's from Anubis and this is how treat me? In front of Tifa
Lockheart, one of my many idle's that I learned every single move of,
and you still treat me like a child? I atta beat your ass to a pulp and
mail right to Bahamut to see what his "Granddauter" did to his only
son?", just then Bandit hit the girl with Tifa's Final Heaven move and
said " Because of your damn fucking lecture I felt so annoyed that I was
about to kick your little fucking ass and see if your spirit would go to
my dad's moon palace, and yet you forgot that there's people here
looking at you, my fucking fiancee, who just want's to talk? Why you
should become a therapist due to the fact that I just sayed what I
wasn't going to say! Damnit is that the reason I was born at the same
timeas you, or am I just lucky that I love you as much as my dad,
Anubis, the Grim Reaper, the Angel of death, the demon lord of the moon
loved my mother? Dammit, I want a damn answer before your mom get's
bored and decide's to kill someone out of sheer boredom!". The girl said
" say my heavenly name then recieve thine answer and get "squa" in the
ball's!".  Bandit Said " My dear lady, don't you ever say that Veronica
is heavenly!", Lady Veronica just simply said " I love you.", in reply
Bandit said " I love you to, hey why don't we just and catch one of
those weapon's and play until your father finaly feel's like figuring
out what those dimensional portal's are doing here and do somthing
better than be annoyed by this shit that is called life.". Bandit and
Lady Veronica just dove into the water heading in the direction of
Junon. The tall man started laughing even though his wife was trying to
pull him out of the ground, after a few trie's he finaly get's pulled
from the ground and say's to Cloud and Tifa " Don't you just wish you
had a child?"
Back on Earth(actualy the Masaki household, 8 trillion light year's
away)
 "Hey girl's, stop it!" said Tenchi when Ryoko and Aeka were nearly
tearing Tenchi in half, then Sasami yelled " LUNCH IS READY!!!". Just
then a portal open's in the sky to what look's like a air fight between
a Blimp and robot's, then many more appear, some flat agains't the sky,
some standing just like a normal doorway, but one thing's for sure, they
didn't expect people flying through some of those portal's, one Ryoko
thought was cuter than Tenchi, he had purple hair, was wearing a short
purple jacket with a symbol that said "CAPSULE CORP.", he also wore what
looked to be earth space boot's, accept smaller, he was wearing what
appeared to be the shirt and pant's that a chinese monk would wear, but
also he had a sword, more or less european than chinese or japanese.
Then out flew a kid( more or less Sasami's age ) dressed in what
appeared to be some kind of armor, he yelled " Hey Trunk's, are you
OK?...What the hell is this shit?" noticing 2 girl's nearly ripping a
man in half and seemed to be argueing over the man they were holding (
Insert heavy eye wincing making the sound that Zorak from Space Ghost
Caost to Caost make's when he blink's, the boy was making this sound
with his eye's in wonder), they stopped when another Kung-Fu dude just
flew out backward's as if he were punched in the face hard enough to
knock you out cold, the boy yelled "Dad!" and flew straight at him and
picked him up and flew toward's the other man who was starting to get
up, the boy says "Are you OK Trunk's? I didn't mean to punch you that
hard." the man named Trunk's said "I think I'm OK Gohan, except there's
something wrong here," the boy named Gohan picked up Trunk's and flew in
the opposite direction toward's the portal that they came through, then
a robot thing fell straight out of the sky, and then they notice that
there's a suction happening and people, machine's, and even animal's
started to get pulled in toward's the Masaki residence, a whole groupe
of odd looking people fell out of what looked like a tower courtyard,
another group fell out of another portal, then another, and another, and
another, etc., until the portal's just close, everything here was
incorrect, then Gohan stood up and said "Oh shit! How am I supposed to
get home now, mom's going to kill me!", then he looked over and saw 2
women in a Capsule jet, but it was broken beyond repair, then Tenchi
broke the immediate silence "Well why don't this just beat all? What are
you doing in my yard?!" Gohan didn't even stare and said "I know this
place, it's from those 3 different serie's of Tenchi, but how did I get
here, and why is Ryoko heading toward's me? Stop it bitch before I tear
your fucking head like you were just a Barby doll!", Ryoko stoped finaly
figuring out who some of the people are. Then she said "How the hell did
a T.V. character get here?". Gohan decided to see what strange people
were here, and finaly said"The wierd sister's are not supposed to be
here, looking at 3 women floating in the air, but they weren't flying,
but were tied in an iron chain being held by Lady Veronica, who was
flying with a cross with Sephiroth tied to it. looked and said "Cool, I
get to meet almost all of the cartoon character's!" then she kicked
Ryoko, who teleported behind her to see what was on the cross, "Ryoko,
you stupid whore-bait, piece of shit slut who along with Aeka who have
been violated by knowing thing's that you 2 did that would make my toy's
sick," she looked to her side and saw her new toy Emerald Weapon's head
out of the water vomiting, she looked back at Ryoko who was astonished
to see a thing made up of emerald's vomiting in the lake, and then the
entire cast of all 3 Tenchi T.V. serie's shaking on the ground getting
all the information from different dimension's of ther live's, Sasami
was lucky for she found that all those erotic, sick, and even nasty
thing's she did were caused by a brain disease called super whore/slut
syndrum induced by skitzifrenea, which suck's ass do to the fact that
she's only 8 year's old! Bandit  came out from under the Highwind,
looking like someone kicked him in the ball's due to the fact that he's
cupping his crotch and was in pain, it was his first orgasm ever and he
just fell over and landed on a 3 eyed woman, witch looked in pain from
landing on a rock but in even more pain from Bandit being on her back.
She finaly got up and picked up her gun and bashed Bandit the head
because she thought he was trying to have sex with her, even though she
was horny but knew that he wouldn't be able to have sex since his dick
was bleeding, then he hit him self multiple time's in exactly the same
spot, trying to get rid of his woody, then he yelled "Veronica!! kick me
inthe balls or something, I don't need to have an orgasm right now,
ggggggghhhhhhhhh, hurry, then Veronica used Bum Rush on Bandit, but it
didn't get rid of his hard-on, and then he remembered what caused it,
when he was heading over he saw the sailor scout's transform, then he
exploded, more exactly, he imploded then exploded, literally, everyone
was covered in his gut's, piss, blood, and seman, and that happened
after that was Ryoko and Aeka vomiting in the lake along with Emerald
Weapon, also there was Kiyone at the only clean spot then she got out
and ran behind a rock, she was skinny dipping just for fun. Trunk's
pulled his sword out of it's sheath and cut Nobuyouki's video camera in
half and said "You sick fuck, oughta kick your ass from here to next,
fucking tuesday, you sick..." he teleported away as a dark figure
appeared and set Bandit on the ground flew up into the sky, what was
wrong about it was that the moon was there! Looking around Bandit was
blushing because of haveing an orgasm at the age of 13! That seen that
Turnk's made Ryoko horny and was about to go psycho and rape every body,
Gohan knock's her out with whack of his finger and said "I told you not
to move you fucking slut! What the fuck?", Gohan looked to his left and
saw a more grown up version of himself dressed like an average joe,
accept he was covering a woman and a child (not having sex you
dumbfuck's!!), the older version helped the girl and the woman up and
gohan noticed it, that must be his wife and daughter from the future, he
could tell this because the woman and child were holding him because
they were scared of the people here, the older Gohan looked and said
"There some fucking explaination on this matter that isn' twisted by
Washu's stupid tiny ass!", justthen Washu just came outside to see what
the commotoin was about and fell backward's, as she saw so many men that
she almost vomited, then she thought to her self out loud and said
"Yeah!!! More guinea pig's for my expirament's!!! Ye.. Uugggghhhh" she
was cut off by swift kick up her ass that almost made her start to jack
off, she looked behind and saw robot with it's right foot up her ass,
then tyhe robot picks Washu off his foot and threw her right into
Trunk's, who caught her and tossed her aside, Ryoko thought to her self
"Now that's a man!!", then a short man with straight hair standed up and
laughed as a women was told by a green dude what Ryoko was thinking and
ran and did a little trick with her feet, which consisted with one foot
up the target's ass and the other foot at the opponent's chest, then she
said "How dare think such thing's of my son, he has a girlfriend right
now you stupid whore!!", then she kicked Ryoko off her foot, it was just
her luck that Ryoko went right toward's the man who was laughing, he
caught her and shot a mouth beam knocking Ryoko away toward's
Trunk's(The green dude told the man who was laughing what he told
Trunks' mother) and said "Piccolo say's this slut was thinking of how
she'd like to fuck you, so do your dad a favor and kill her!" Trunks
caught her and put her down and said "Mom, Dad? These are stranger's and
I don't want to know what they do to people here!", that point he jumped
to avoid geting hit by a fireball, then saw something, it was a "HUGE"
dragon flying that way and decided to start powering up, and went into
his Super Sayen form and powered up more to get his maximum strength,
when he was done the dragon's head was only a foot away from Trunks and
breathed heavily and turned into a more human form, with the hair,
wings, and tail being what made him abnormal, the Dragon-man said "stop
looking at me that way Trunks, why don't you take your sister to a mall
or something? I need to get my Family out of Here.

If you like my first FanFic then E-mail me at Reta_ODD@hotmail.com, Bone
appetite
