Yosho, the old man who rapes teenage boys

By the super retarded kid from Seanbaby's page, ALIENBOY 52!!!

	This story's characters are property of Pioneer and AIC, except
	for Seanbaby. If you don't know who Seanbaby is, the go to
	http://www.seanbaby.com.

	Also this story is intended for audiences over the age of 18, but
	who cares, it's hopefully so sick that no one would want to read
	it.
---

	"Tenchi! Do it harder!" yelled Yosho as he attacked Tenchi with his
wooden sword.

	"Grandpa! I'm doing it as hard as I can!" Tenchi shouted back to his
Grandpa while blocking the attack. Yosho quickly swung his sword around and
hit Tenchi in the head. Tenchi fell onto the ground and passed out.

	Tenchi groggily woke up and tried to stand up, but his legs wouldn't
move. Tenchi blinked a few times and was able to see clearly now, his legs
were bound with rope to a pole, he was also naked and in his Grandpa’s 
shrine. Tenchi tried to move his arms, but they were tied up to a pole as 
well.

	"Ryoko! Washu! Who ever you are! Let me out right now!" screamed 
Tenchi as he struggled to get out of the ropes.

	"Hehehe, so you finally woke up Tenchi!," snickered Yosho as he
walked towards Tenchi.

	"Grandpa!" yelled Tenchi in joy, "Hurry up and untie me! Someone 
tied me up!"

	Yosho looked at Tenchi and grinned, "Tenchi, you fool, I tied you
up. If someone else tried to tie you up in my shrine they wouldn't have
survived."

	"So is this part of my training then?" asked Tenchi.

	"If you were a woman, maybe, but no, I'm just horny," said Yosho as
he started to take off his belt.

	"Grandpa! NO! You can't be serious!" screamed Tenchi struggling even
harder to get out of the ropes.

	"Tenchi!!!" yelled Yosho as he pulled out his penis from under his
robes, "This will be fun!!!"

	"No Grandpa! Please don't! Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, and even
Sasami I can understand but why you?" pleaded Tenchi.

	"Did you ever think why I let your pathetic father marry my daughter
Tenchi?" asked Yosho.

	"You bastard! Leave mother out of this!!!" screamed Tenchi.

	"I fucked Noboyuki, and he was pretty good too," stated Yosho, "But
still I've really been doing this since I was born on Jurai."

	"Ewww..." gagged Tenchi, "That's kinda more than I needed to know 
Grandpa."

	"Shut up Tenchi!" commanded Yosho, "I'm going to fuck your ass, 
because right now you're my bitch!"

	"NOOOOOOOOO!!!" yelled Tenchi.

	Ryo-Oh-Ki was busy hopping around in the carrot patch when suddenly
it heard Tenchi scream coming from Yosho's shrine. "MIYA!!" it said to itself
as it hopped towards the shrine. It could hear Tenchi getting louder as it
got closer to the door of the shrine.

	Ryo-Oh-Ki looked inside of the shrine and saw Tenchi tied up and
naked. Ryo-Oh-Ki entered the shrine and walked towards Tenchi, but it only
took a few steps when it was picked up by the scruff of the neck.

	"Now now Ryo-Oh-Ki, we can't have you telling Ryoko and Washu what's
happening here can we?" questioned Yosho as he took his other hand and put
it around Ryo-Oh-Ki's scrawny carrot fed neck.

	"MIYA!!!" cried Ryo-Oh-Ki as it tried to break free of Yosho's 
powerful grasp.

	If Ryoko hadn't been drinking sake that night she might have heard
Ryo-Oh-Ki's cry, but unfortunately she had been trying to break an old record
of two hundred and six bottles. Ryoko didn't remember if that was the record
but when she woke up the next morning from drinking she saw the number 
written on her hand, it might have been an address, or an important number,
but Ryoko figured if it was important she would have remembered, so she
assumed that it must have been how many bottles of sake she drunk, because
she had a terrible hangover.


	Washu on the other hand was busy checking her experiment. Her 
experiment was too see if Ryoko could figure out what the two hundred and six
on her hand meant. Washu figured Ryoko would never figure out that two 
hundred and six was really how many brain cells Mihoshi had multiplied by 10. 
Washu was having a kick out of Ryoko getting drunk and trying to re-enact the
entire war of 1812 before she passed out and fell face first onto the 
floor. But while she was having all this fun she forgot that she was supposed 
to be observing and she started to drink some of Ryoko's sake, Washu wasn't 
exactly a good drinker so within ten bottles she passed out too.

	Mihoshi, well Mihoshi was being Mihoshi. Let's just say that staring
at the clothes spinning around in the drier isn't exactly the best way to
spend evenings.

	Noboyuki was busy looking in Ayeka's window when Azaka and Kamidake
ambushed him from behind. Noboyuki and the logs fell from Ayeka's window
and landed on the ground stirring up a huge commotion in Ayeka's room.
Ayeka stuck her head out of the window to see Noboyuki and Azaka and Kamidake
sprawled across the ground. "REALLY MR. MASAKI!!!" was all that Ayeka could
say, but none of them could hear Ryo-Oh-Ki's cry for help, except for 
Sasami.

	Sasami was cleaning up the mess Ryoko and Washu made when she heard
the cabbit's cry race through her head.

	"NO! Ryo-Oh-Ki! Yosho couldn't be doing that!" said Sasami thinking
out loud, "but what if it is true! Oh no! Poor Tenchi! I'd better go check
out the shrine!"

	Sasami quickly ran to the shrine to see what was happening inside,
but she had a bad feeling about what she would see at the shrine. She
quietly snook around the shrine and looked in the door and saw Yosho with 
Ryo-Oh-Ki.

	"Stop this Yosho!" she cried as she leaped into the room, "what could
possess you to do this?"

	Yosho looked back on the little girl and smirked and said, "foolish
girl can you not see it! I am not truly Yosho! I am, JESUS!!!"

	"WHAT!!!" shouted Sasami.

	"I will teach you a lesson for getting in the way of the devene 
purpose of my father!" said our lord and saviour, Jesus, as he transformed
and used his holy powers to bind Sasami to the floor.

	"Sasami! I'm sorry I couldn't stop him," said Tenchi, as he tried 
even harder to get out of his ropes.

	"Well let's see what I should do first, I know! I'll shove Ryo-Oh-Ki
up Tenchi's ass, hahahaha! It will be fun, but first I must make heaven's
lubricant, the eye blood of a young virgin! Hahahahaha!" shouted Jesus 
insanely.

	"NOOOO! Please don't Jesus! Don't you realize that you will make
everyone puke if you fuck Sasami's eye socket!" shouted Tenchi.

	"Exactly Tenchi! That's why I must do it! In the name of my 
father!" said Jesus as he took hold of Sasami's small and cute little head.

	Jesus plunged his penis into the little girl's eye socket and moved
his penis in and out as blood flowed down his penis from her eye socket. All
Sasami could do was to cry out in pain, at which Jesus went even and harder 
faster as he pumped her head. Jesus soon broke through all the barriers and
punctured Sasami's brain leaving her a wriggling mess.

	"SASAMI!!! NOOOO!!!" cried out Tenchi as he watched a loved one die 
at the hands of the Christian saviour.

	"Now Tenchi I have enough lubricant to shove Ryo-Oh-Ki up your ass!
Hahahahaha!!!" laughed the insane Jesus as he coated Ryo-Oh-Ki with Sasami's
eye blood.

	Jesus took the pathetic blood-smeared cabbit and shoved it up 
Tenchi's tight teenaged ass when suddenly a ray of hope arised. It was the
one, the only, SEANBABY!!!

	"EAT COCK GUN WHORE!!!" yelled Seanbaby as he shot his cock into
Jesus' head and laughed as he died.

	"Thanks Seanbaby! I'll always love you," said Tenchi as he spread his
legs out just a bit to let more anal blood drip onto the floor.

	And with that the super-hero Seanbaby saved the day, and later
beat up Mega Man, but that's another story.

The End

---

Authors Notes.

Yes I know that Seanbaby would probably never save Tenchi, but still I wanted
the story to have a positive message while still trying to be a really sick
fanfic. I probably would have liked to add more of a Tenchi/Yosho(Jesus) 
scene but, I didn't feel like writing anymore.

I probably wont write a Tenchi Muyo fanfic ever again, because I must devote
more time to loving Seanbaby, and worshipping him.

Insult me at

alienboy52@hotmail.com


Or go to


Seanbaby's Homepage at

http://www.seanbaby.com.

Thank you, yes I know you all want to kill me now.