I don't own these characters or profit from them.


  A lot of people keep asking me for lemons. I can't really blame them; 
those are how I found the www.tmffa.com site in the first place. In fact 
when I first started writing I said I'd never write or MST a lemon. I backed 
out on that real fast. In fact I've had even people MSTing my fics say they 
liked my lemons and other stories. My older ones suck, but they are kind.
  So what do I do to honor the fans? The people who put my fics up? And of 
course the fics which have helped my writing?
  I'm going to write some unapproachably good lemon scenes based on four of 
my favorite anime series. They will be romantic of course. Not that you want 
a plot if you're in the lemon section. I was never into the sloppy pointless 
sex stories that have nothing to do with the plot. But at the same time I'm 
not getting too far into the plot. Either you know it already or you're just 
reading those parts for the sex. If you don't want sex read my fics in some 
other section.
  I write fairly well but for now if you want Mihoshi and Kiyone read one of 
my other fics. Just so you know the guy in the poll who said he never even 
looked at the lemons inspired this. And if I hear one complaint I'll know 
where you saw this! You have been warned. The rest of you dateless anime 
freaks, feel free to read on. Remember sex is a natural, normal thing and 
you shouldn't feel bad about this. Keep telling your self that and maybe 
it'll be true. ;)

"What would humans be without love?"
RARE
--------- Terry Pratchett

You'll go blind
By, Clayton Overstreet




Tenchi
  (Scene taken from Clayton's Fic No Need for Presents)


  It was the evening of Ryoko and Tenchi's wedding. Tenchi had just finished 
a shower after falling into the lake while he and Ryoko had been dancing. He 
peeked out of the bathroom to see if he had a clear shot to his room. When 
he didn't see anyone else he grabbed his towel and dashed for his room.
  Once inside he was inside he closed his eyes and leaned against the door 
with a sigh.
  "Oh Tenchi..." Said Ryoko.
  His eyes snapped open and he saw that his room was different. The wall 
with the door stretched out into darkness that seemed to go on for miles.  
He looked behind him and saw the door was gone as well.
  Ryoko was laying on a king sized bed with four posts and hung with red 
silk. She was wearing the see-through underwear Noboyuki had gotten her. Her 
head is resting on one arm while her leg rubs the sheet in circles.
  Tenchi gulped and said, "Uh, hi Ryoko. What happened to my room?"
  Ryoko laughed and watched him hungrily. "Washu sent it away for a while. I 
asked her to make sure there were no distractions this time." Tenchi's hand 
absently felt for the doorknob and Ryoko's face fell. "What's the matter 
Tenchi?"
  Taking a deep breath he stood up and walked towards her. "No, nothing is 
wrong at all. I'm sorry for acting that way Ryoko."
  Her smile returns, "It's okay Tenchi. I'll take it nice and slow. We have 
all the time we need." She rolled away from him. "But could you help me out 
of this? I think Noboyuki accidentally bought this a few sizes too small."
  "Are you sure it was an accident?"
  "Nope. Now are you coming over here or do I have to drag you?"
  Tenchi closed the rest of the distance and tugged at the bow tied behind 
her shoulders. As it dropped off he wiped a small bit of blood from his nose 
and smiled at her. Ryoko turned her body back over to face him and arched 
her back.
  "Now Tenchi, any more complaints?" Tenchi shook his head, staring at her 
chest. Ryoko grabbed him and kissed him deeply. "Mmm..."
  As the silk around the bed fell, closing them in, she reached down and 
slipped the towel from around Tenchi's waist. Pulling it away she reached 
out of the curtains and dropped it slowly followed by her own garment. While 
Tenchi stared at her face she pressed a hand into his chest and laid him 
onto his back with his head at the foot of the bed.
  Ryoko had spent centuries as a pirate and as such had a small amount of 
experience. She snorted at that thought and admitted she'd had a bit more 
than that. But not with anyone she truly loved before. This was going to be 
special.
  "Should I..." Tenchi began but a finger on his lips silenced him.
  "Just let me start Tenchi." She said softly slowly moving down his body. 
Tenchi shivered as the tips of her nipples trailed over his legs and her 
head lay against his feet. "Have you considered odor-eaters?"
  Tenchi suppressed a laugh as her hair tickled his toes. "Sorry."
  Ryoko moved up to his ankles instead and rubbed her cheek slowly up his 
legs. She smiled as she saw his dick stiffen slightly and moved her mouth 
next to it, proud of her power over his body. Tenchi could barely breath as 
she blew cool air across him and licked it with the tip of her tongue.
  Without warning she put her mouth over it. Tenchi ran his hands through 
her hair as her fangs softly pressed on either side moving up and down.
"Ry... Ryoko!" He said softly.
  With a grin that would make the Grinch jealous she pulled back just as he 
came. She watched for a minute before moving back up and kissed his chest. 
Finally she pushed both hands into him and sat up, pressing her crotch over 
his.
  "I love you Tenchi." She whispered as their eyes closed and she slid down 
onto him.
  "I love you too Ryoko." Can the barely audible reply as he felt his hips 
jerk up to meet her.
  Ryoko moaned loudly and began to purr as she rubbed her thighs into 
Tenchi. She was startled as he leaned forward and began to nibble on the 
underside of her right nipple. His hand sank into the flesh of her left 
breast and she let out another moan.
  "You must have been... dieing to do that." She breathed.
  Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and rolled on top, kissing along her 
neck as her legs locked behind him. "You have no idea." He felt her muscles 
twitch beneath him and saw her clit sticking up between them.
  "Oh yes I do Tenchi." She held his head to her neck as he began to shake 
ever so softly. His balls pushed into her and she pushed back. "I've wanted 
you for so long. Why did you make us wait?"
  "No more waiting Ryoko. I promise." He felt another tightening between his 
legs and Ryoko gasped in pleasure.
  Ryoko felt something besides his penis move into her and felt her muscles 
tighten around it, trying to get all he could.
  "Oh gods Tenchi..." She kissed him again, sucking at his tongue and 
rolling back onto him so that her legs were stuck. He wasn't as stiff 
anymore but she was going to fix that. "We've just begun."
  "I know." He said and rubbed her cheek with his hand.
  A voice came from behind him as he felt someone rise out of the bed behind 
him. Momentarily panicked he turned and saw another Ryoko slide from behind 
him and spread her legs over his head. "No, you don't."
  His reply was muffled as she sat down. The smell wafted through his nose 
and he felt his tongue move as if it were a separate entity. Her clit moved 
against his lower lip as he pressed his fingers in on the sides and he began 
to stiffen again. The first Ryoko was still attached to him and moaned in 
stereo with the one writhing on his face. She locked her mouth over his 
nipple and her fangs sunk into his flesh. He moaned into the other Ryoko and 
she screamed back, pushing down so that he could barely breathe. Her smooth 
skin covered his eyes and he began to work in darkness.
  They all came at the same time. Tenchi licked Ryoko trying to get every 
drop while the other Ryoko squeezed his dick inside her and licked up the 
trickle of blood from his chest. The one of his face screamed again and 
again as she leaned down running her hands over the first Ryoko's tight 
butt, scratching it with her nails. Tenchi's own hands were working their 
way over her breasts like they were all he could still feel.
  The one on his face was suddenly gone and the one spread over his body let 
his hips go for a moment. A bit of sweat covered them where they had been 
pressed together and goose bumps rose where the air hit it. Their hands 
still caressed each other along their sides and legs. Tenchi smiled as Ryoko 
slowly tickled the underside of his balls and giggled.
  "Ryoko..." He didn't even try to finish. The next moment she was on him 
again and words lost all meaning.




Outlaw Star


  Suzuka closed her eyes and listened to the sounds echoing off the inside 
of the ship. Her training had increased her senses a hundred times and she 
could hear the smallest sounds. She could hear the hull creak. She heard 
Aisha's snoring and Jim typing on his computer down in the cargo hold. The 
mechanical sounds as Gilliam's drones did the work.
  But right now she was focused on a different noise. Through the wall near 
her head she could hear Gene and Melfina in their room. He was kissing her 
again. Melfina's soft moans always got deeper as he worked his way down her 
neck.
  Suzuka knew it was pathetic. She's been in love with Gene since he'd 
defeated her. She would live that moment over in her head at least twice a 
day during her training and whenever she fought. The feel of the cool air as 
her kimono dropped off and her belt was ripped away. The shame as she 
realized that he was staring at her and that she didn't mind. She's been 
hoping he'd walk towards her, where she could kiss him and pull her onto her 
body, not caring that Jim was there watching.
  As Melfina's moans increased in volume Suzuka felt her fingers move down 
between her legs. She never wore underwear, finding that they could bunch up 
at inopportune moments. But there was a wet spot in the folds of her robe. 
She parted the thin material and found the source, her heart quickening in 
her chest.
  Her thumb rubbed over her clit to begin with and she rubbed her index and 
ring fingers into either side of her spreading pussy lips. Clenching her 
jaws tightly to avoid any sound that might alert the others to what she was 
doing she quickly shoved her middle finger in between them.
  Jim wasn't a problem. He had a crush on Aisha and was just biding his time 
until he was old enough to date her. Aisha was the same way but she could 
hear a pin drop a mile away. The one she was really worried about was Gene. 
She would never live it down if he heard her because that would be his first 
thought. She wasn't sure if he would just tease her or ask her to join in. 
Melfina wouldn't be jealous. From what Suzuka had heard since Gene had 
started sleeping with her she enjoyed sex and wanted to try everything. The 
idea terrified her.
  Her index finger slipped into her with the middle and pushed in hard. 
Suzuka rubbed her legs together and slipped her free hand into the bandages 
she used to keep her breasts from flopping around when she moved. Her 
fingers found a nipple and she dug a nail into it, gasping at the mix of 
pain and pleasure.
  Her other hand was wet mow and slid into her easily. She wasn't sure when 
the ring finger had joined the other two but it was there. All three moved 
in deeper and deeper to rub at the walls of her pussy. The pussy itself 
closed around them and seemed to try to pull them in while her thumb 
continued to massage her clit.
  Then she heard Melfina let out a scream and her imagination ran wild. The 
things she could picture Gene doing to her were overloading her mind and she 
couldn't think as her pinky softly pressed into her ass.
  No, she couldn't do that could she? It was disgusting. How could she live 
with the shame of knowing she'd done something like that to herself?
  "Oh Gene yes. More!" Melfina's voice echoed through the ship. Jim probably 
couldn't hear it and Gilliam wouldn't care. Suzuka found her pinky had 
slipped inside her without even thinking about it and she moaned in shameful 
lust.
  Gene's name caught in her throat, coming out as a whisper. She froze, 
trying to tell if anyone had heard her. For a brief instant she thought she 
detected a slight change in Aisha's snores and possible a small chuckle but 
it was gone a second later, drowned out by Gene and Melfina.
  Her fingers began to work almost on their own and she could feel herself 
getting close. Her pussy tightened and she came as Melfina screamed again. 
Absently she brought her three middle fingers to her lips and slowly sucked 
them clean. Slowly as the numbness spread through her body she stood up and 
quietly walked to the shower, depositing her clothes in the wash for Gilliam 
to do.
  It was just another night aboard the Outlaw Star.




Big O (No that's not a pun)




  Dorothy stood by Roger Smith's bed, gazing down at his face. Nobody ho 
knew she was an android had ever treated her as an equal before. She felt 
things stirring in her circuitry that she'd never experienced. But he was 
such a louse. He'd used her as a distraction on more than one occasion. Then 
again he'd provided one as well. A negotiator had to make use of whatever 
was available to get the job done. It was who he was and she knew that, 
unable to fault him for it. Other times he seemed to enjoy her company, like 
when she played her piano.
  She began to turn slowly so her gears would not wake him. It was nearly 
dawn and he would be waking up soon. If he found her staring at him as he 
slept he might make her leave. She didn't want that.
  It was then she saw the mirror across from the bed. Roger was facing it 
and his eyes were glittering in the dark. "Please, don't leave on my 
account."
  "You are awake." She said in a deadpan voice.
  "Yes. I have been for quite some time." He turned to look up at her. 
"You've been there for a while."
  She nodded and moved towards the door. "My things will be removed by this 
afternoon. I will not trouble you again."
  His hand grasped onto her shoulder. She could have easily broken away or 
avoided it. Instead she stopped in the darkness and waited. "I asked you not 
to leave." His voice was right by her ear. Her touch and audio sensors 
picked up every vibration in his skin and voice. He had been naked under the 
covers and they were still on his bed. Something in her began to twitch and 
her lower lip shook a tiny bit.
  He pressed into her back and tilted her head to the side. She let him as 
the sound of the servomotors echoed off the walls. Her face didn't change 
but her eyes closed, blocking out all light.
  "Roger, I may be anatomically correct but I am still an android." She 
said. "I understand that most men would prefer a real woman."
  "You are a real woman Dorothy. I thought you would have known that by 
now." His hand was moving over her black dress. Her skin was soft but cold. 
It covered circuits and metal, all of which was currently running with 
electricity.
  Dorothy nodded and said, "I will not stop you."
  "That isn't enough Dorothy." He said.
  Somehow she knew what he meant. Roger may be a louse, but he was a 
gentleman too. Poise, class, looks, and manners all mattered to him. He 
would not go where he was not invited.
  "Please." Her dull voice said. Leaning forward so that her hands gripped 
the edge of his dresser she cursed herself for not being able to express the 
emotions she felt, but fear kept her back; the fear that she would end up 
like the insane Red Dorothy that had tried to kill them.
  Even this Roger seemed to know already. His hands continued to move over 
her clothes and he lifted up the hem of the skirt.
  "Pink silk?" He asked.
  She realized he was talking about her panties. "Norman suggested them."
  "He thinks of everything." He kissed her neck and she felt him slide them 
down her legs. "Could you spread your legs a bit?"
  She did as he asked. The panties around her ankles ripped with a soft but 
satisfying sound. Her temperature sensors registered a change as cool air 
blow over her and then comforting warmth as something firm pressed into her. 
Automatic responses took over, causing her to moan as she enjoyed the feel 
of him moving in and out of her. She felt Rogers's hands roughly squeeze her 
breasts through the material of her top and more pressure where he lay 
across her back.
  Something snapped inside of her and she found that she wanted to make 
noise. Not just let the programmed responses dictate her actions. Her hips 
moved with him and she found her voice.
  "Please don't stop. I love you Roger."
  He kisses her behind the ear and held her tighter as if he'd been waiting 
for her to stop. "I know Dorothy. Me too."
  "You won't say it will you?" More emotion leaked into her voice. Not 
anger, but mirth. "You are such a louse."
  "Yeah, I know." He pushes in one more time and she called out his name. 
Her thighs rubbed together and she leaned forward more so he could go 
deeper.
  Over her shoulder she could see the mirror. His naked body was pressed 
into her pale ass and she could see a grin on his face. She realized there 
was a smile on her own face too. Her lips were parted in pleasure as she 
moved her waist with his thrusts. She felt something brush against her 
internal sensors and realized he had finished. A switch flicked in her and 
she felt the intense pleasure she had been programmed for.
  It wasn't until hours later when they both lay naked in his bed that it 
happened. Dorothy was resting her power cells as she absorbed sunlight for 
energy. It looked remarkably like sleep so she understood how Roger could be 
fooled. Her face was back to normal as the golden light moved over her. But 
it happened and that memory would be with her forever.
  "I love you Dorothy."




Bastard!!



  Yoko woke in the night to find Lusche sleeping in her bed again. The last 
time this had happened Gara had come into her room and kidnapped her. Now 
the ninja slept in a room at the castle as well, which he was sharing with 
Arshes Nei the Thunder Empress. It was funny to think that the small boy she 
had grown up with was Dark Schneider. The man she'd grown up hearing 
horrible stories about. The same man who had tried to kill her father.
  So why did she keep thinking about him? If he were ever freed forever 
would Lusche disappear? Was it right that she got just a little jealous 
whenever she heard him talk about his past girlfriends or his plans to take 
all the women in the world for himself?
  Gently she shook Lusche's shoulder. "Lusche, wake up. I need to talk to 
you."
  The boy yawned and for a brief moment cat-like ears appeared on his head 
before vanishing. "Oh hi Yoko. Do you want me to go back to my room now?"
  "No, I just wanted to ask you something. You know about Dark Schneider and 
how he's part of you right?"
  "Yeah, you told me a couple times and I remember when he was fighting that 
lady with the blue hair I think I talked to him."
  "But he's you right? Doesn't it scare you that one day you could be gone 
and he'll be the only thing left?" She asked.
  Lusche thought about it for a minute, but shook his head. "I don't think 
it works like that. When I change it's like I'm remembering things that I'd 
forgotten. It's still me. When I'm like this though it's like something I 
should know is just not there." He looked down. "It scares me sometimes. I 
think I'd rather just be him all the time."
  "But..."
  He suddenly looked up and smiled at her. "It's alright Yoko. I know it's 
up to you what happens and I trust you."
  Yoko felt her throat tighten up then and a tear trickled down her cheek. 
"You would trust me like that? To decide who you'll be forever?"
  Lusche nodded. "Of course Yoko. You always know what's best. I think he 
knows that too. Neither of us would know what to do without you Yoko."
  "But what do you really want Lusche?"
  He was silent for a moment and then his right eye glowed red. The voice of 
Dark Schneider spoke with Lusche's. "I want to be free. I want to have my 
powers. But most of all I want you to be happy. So if you truly do not wish 
to give up Lusche I will not ask you to, even if we are the same person. I 
love you Yoko."
  "I love you too." She whispered.
  Something about her must have given away her decision. Trust Lusche to 
notice whatever it was. He placed a hand on her cheek to wipe away the tears 
that were flowing more freely. "Goodbye Yoko."
  "Goodbye Lusche." She leaned forward and softly kissed him.
  Yoko sat back and watched Lusche as he nodded his goodbye. Slowly his 
shoulders began to grow and the long white hair fell over his face. Bones 
popped into place and the mattress sank in as Dark Schneider appeared.
  He stretched and threw his hair back over his shoulder. Looking down at 
Yoko as she curled up on her corner of the bed his self assured smirk moved 
across his lips allowing his fangs to peek out. "Thank you Yoko, but you 
know you don't have to do this now."
  Yoko laughed and shook her head. "You've never been that patient Lusche... 
do I still call you that?"
  "I'd like it if you did." He said. "And no, with anyone else I wouldn't 
have been this patient. Arshes was a child when I met her so that doesn't 
count. She's my daughter after all."
  "But you did sleep with her... and who knows how many others." She said 
with a frown. "Maybe I should turn you back into Lusche."
  "Yoko, you weren't even born then." He said. "Show a little slack here."
  "And you haven't been hitting on the princess?" She asked trying to ignore 
the fact that he was naked.
  He rubbed the back of his head. "Not really. I've just been teasing a 
bit." Yoko sniffed and turned away. "Don't be like that Yoko."
  She kept staring at the wall. Her legs were shaking beneath the sheet and 
she couldn't bring herself to look at him. She knew what she was about to do 
would take away something from her as well as Lusche. Her father would 
definitely not be pleased especially since Dark Schneider would no longer be 
under control.
  Yoko gasped as two strong hands closed on her shoulders and moved down her 
arms.
  "Just say the word Yoko and I'll stop." He whispered. "For you I would 
stop."
  His mouth found her neck and she didn't say anything, even as his tongue 
slowly licked up to her ear lobe. Instead she finally turned to look at him. 
He smiled at her as her eyes moved over his body.
  "Why are there always shadows there?" She asked looking between his legs.
  "I'm not allowed a little modesty?" She snorted. "Well really I find girls 
like a bit of mystery. But then again what was it you said the first time 
you released me? That you were eighty percent pure?"
  Yoko blushed but kept her eyes down. "What can I say?" Her hand shot 
forward into the shadows between his legs and disappeared.
  Dark Schneider's eyes bulged out as he watched in shock as she felt around 
and finally grabbed him. He was even more surprised when she jumped onto his 
lap and spread her legs. "Yoko what..."
  She smiled at him as her hand massaged his dick and balls, hidden by 
darkness. "You aren't the only one who wants this Lusche. You think just 
because I know better than to let you get what you want means I don't want 
it too?"
  He just laughed and smiled as she quickly lowered herself onto him, her 
hand guiding him to her completely unseen. It didn't hurt nearly as much as 
she'd thought it would. Her first time by herself it had been very painful. 
Instead this simply felt... good.
  "You always surprise me Yoko." He said and moved in to kiss her.
  "Are you sure you won't..." She started as her legs tightened around his.
  His grin never faltered. "Let's find out."
  She kissed him then. His tongue moved passed her teeth and as she put her 
own into his mouth she knew that he was not going to change again. Tears 
fell from her eyes to his cheeks as she pulled him into her and moaned.
  "I wish we could stay like this forever." She said.
  He nodded and rubbed her cheek with his hand. She always felt like a tiny 
doll whenever she was near him. "I will teach you Yoko. We can do so many 
things together."
  "You never told anyone why you set out to conquer the world. Not even 
Arshes." She said. Her knees buckled and she practically fell onto him. He 
didn't stop though, even when she did.
  "Do you really want to know Yoko?" He asked. Her lips were on his jaw as 
she nodded to him. "Because it was a challenge. I wanted to be the best, but 
I didn't want to keep the kingdoms down. If I left they could build back up 
and I could fight them again later."
  "And the women?" Her voice asked into his neck.
  "Do you have to ask?" He said and kissed her again.
  She shook her head and pressed herself into his chest. "No... I guess 
not."




Nightwalker: Midnight Detective (Directly after the last scene of the last 
episode)



  "I keep telling you I don't regret anything." Riho said softly.
  Shido smiled and turned to her. It was a fairly large coffin and they 
could see each other perfectly. "I suppose that is the best attitude to 
have. I've never managed it."
  "Well you have to remember I'm a fun loving college girl." She whispered 
to him. Her cold hands traced shapes over his chest.
  "You mean you've..." He started.
  Riho laughed and nodded. "Well I am nineteen Shido."
  "Oh. Uh sorry I just never thought."
  "Actually I think you think too much." She said. "You need to learn to 
have fun.
  They kissed then and cut their tongues on each other's fangs. The blood 
swam between their lips as their ice cold skin touched. Riho felt goose 
bumps move between their bodies as she pressed closer to Shido.
  Riho straddled him and without warning bit into his throat. Shido let out 
a moan and snarl before biting her back. They both knew that sex had it's 
place, but to a vampire the blood was what mattered.
  As she let her hips ride him and pushed down Riho bit down Shido's arm and 
watched as his wound healed and more blood filled her mouth.
  At the same time he was pulling back and sank his fangs into her breast. 
Riho giggled in pleasure as he began sucking at her. He was rewarded with a 
mouth full of blood and milk.
  When they were done both of them were full and covered in sticky blood and 
other fluids. As the sun rose outside and they drifted off to sleep Riho 
licked her lips and said, "I could never regret this Shido. I promise."
  A little green head peeked out of Shido's hair and laughed. "Aw, isn't 
that so sweet?"
  "Goonie, get out!" Shido yelled and grabbed the fairy by her wings. He 
lifted up the top of the coffin and tossed her out. With a loud crack is 
slammed down and shut tightly.
  "Some people have no sense of humor." Goonie said and flew away.



Author's note

  Don't worry, I'll wait while you clean the screen off. And the keyboard... 
don't forget that spot on the wall near the ceiling. Done?
  Okay so what did you think? Usually I do lesbians cause that's what people 
want but the mood just didn't strike me. I thought this might atleast cover 
enough for everyone to get something out of it. You probably enjoyed 
yourself or else you wouldn't be here reading this. Please tell me what you 
think at clayton_n@hotmail.com or fanficauthor2002@yahoo.com and please feel 
free to MST any of my fics.




