The Thousand Mile Journey.
Chapter Three: Idobata no chawan.*

    The Haven ships were hidden within the largest haystack of the solar
system; the Asteroid Belt.  A thousand war craft among millions of
asteroids.
 The rocks ranged from iron mountains to tiny stones to frozen chunks of
water the size of pebbles.  Nothing from Earth, even the more advanced
'imported' technology, would be able to detect the alien armada.
    First Fleet Commander Tally stood before the flickering 3-D image of
Lord
Lance, Defender of the People, Master of the Relic and Lord-Regent of Haven.
His tiny presence stood on the floor in his white cloak, glowing like the
ghost of Christmas past.
    "Well, she appeared and then escaped?"
    Tally bowed, his cap held under one arm.  He did not try to lie or lay
blame on anybody else.  He just answered the question.
    "Yes, Lord Lance.  Long range sensors have detected her genetic pattern
back on Earth.  I have moved the ships into hiding.  I am not sure if the
Jurai or the Galactic Union have detected our presence yet."
    "Commander Tally, if your report is true, I do not think either will
notice the disturbance for a while.  Unless the Goddess decides to alert
them.  OR unless the police ship had a report that was scheduled at the
time.
 Either way, it will take them time to assemble.  You must go to Washu."
    "The ships will move out at once.  We will be in orbit about the Earth
in-"
    "No."  The tiny Lord Lance smiled up at Tally and said calmly, "YOU will
go and talk to her.  I have decided we need a new tactic.  We'll just ASK
her
for the information."
    "Yes, sir," said Tally, his hands twisting his blue cap.  "Maybe a small
escort of dreadnoughts?"
    "No."
    "A few gun boats?"
    "No, just you and an unarmed shuttle."
    "With fighters?"
    Lord Lance shook his blindfolded head at Tally and said, "No, just YOU
and a shuttle.  No weapons, no pilots, no knife in the boot.  Do I make
myself clear?"
    "Yes, sir."

    "Now Tenchi, calm down," Washu said, as she smoothed down Tenchi's bed
cover.  "My readings show everything is OK.  Your body is perfect in every
way, from the heart down to the cells themselves.  Everything is working.
Everything is fine."  Washu was in her nurse's uniform, with rubber gloves
and even a small black doctor's bag on the floor.
    "Everything is fine?"  Tenchi grabbed his own chest and shouted, "I'm a
girl!"
    Tenchi tugged on his new long flowing jet black hair and pointed to his
new heart shaped face.  "I look like my Mom!  Oh, what will dad and grandpa
say?"  Tenchi tried to push the hair out of his face and added, "My head
itches!"
    "Now, now, that's not true," said Washu as she tried to push him back
down into bed.  "Yes, you're now a girl, but you only have some of your
mom's
DNA.  Some of it is your father's and some seems to be from...Sasami."
    As Tenchi sneaked a peek down his shirt, Washu turned to the shocked
Mihoshi and Princess Sasami staring at her from the other side of Tenchi's
bedroom.
    "My DNA?" inquired the tiny Jurai Princess, who was hugging the shocked
cabbit to her chest.
    "Yes," stated Washu as she turned back to Tenchi, to smack his hands.
"Hey! I told you to explore your new body in PRIVATE!  Where was I?  Oh yes,
well, it was a safety backup system built into my long range transportation
device.  When the patrol ship's portal side was destroyed, Tenchi's
transference had not yet been completed.  The backup system realized that
some DNA was missing, so searched its recent memory for DNA that was
compatible to Tenchi's.  It found Sasami, with her genes of the Royal
Family.
 So it took her Jurai DNA to replace the missing chromosomes.  One of them
was the Y chromosome and Tenchi ended up as, well, this body.  Pretty good
for a split-second decision."
    Ryo-Ohki had pounced onto the bed and was now looking Tenchi over, along
with Mihoshi.  "Are those real?", asked the police officer, pointing at
Tenchi's chest.
    "Of course THOSE are real," said Washu as she picked up her medical
scanner, placing it back into her doctor's bag.  "Don't worry Tenchi.  I'll
explain what happened to your father and grandfather."
    "Hey!  Ryo-Ohki, stop touching those!"
    "Meow?"
    "You SURE those are real?  You should be too young to be that
developed."
    "Mihoshi!"
    Sasami blushed and looked away as Washu sighed and shook her head.

    "So he is a girl now?" asked Ryoko, staring at the blushing Sasami.
Ayeka seemed to be frozen, like a statue, kneeling next to the blue haired
demon.  The meal on the table was growing cold and was virtually untouched.
    "Yes," Sasami tried to hide her blush and said, "he has my DNA now and
he
is a total girl.  He has, well, everything."
    Ryoko frowned and tried to decide if she should scream or laugh.
    "Everything!"  Princess Ayeka seemed to almost lunge across the table,
her face now inches away from her sister's.
    "How do you KNOW he has everything like a girl?"
    Sasami almost fell backwards, stammering, "Was-s-shu did a medical
scanner on him.  I mean her!"
    Ryoko was too busy with her thoughts to notice the exchange between
sisters.  'Tenchi in a dress?  Tenchi wearing a bra?  This is going to be
fun.  No, wait, we won't see him at all.  We're trapped up here. Damn.'
    "Hey Sasami," asked a smirking Ryoko, "have any photos?"

    Tally went over the check list one more time, as the hanger doors of the
flagship slowly rolled out of the way.  As he switched on the systems of the
long distance shuttle he gave a silent prayer to the Gods of war.  'I hope
this plan works.  I don't even have a small gun.'
    As Tally used the control stick to guide the shuttle out of the
flagship,
and turned on the engines, the other craft in the task group seemed to
quickly become smaller.  The fish shaped shuttle would bring him to Earth
within only a few days at this rate.  Tally sighed as he set the simple
controls for autopilot.  No need for control gloves or interface helmets for
this craft.  It was no where near as complex as the fighters or battle armor
of the combat wings.  It was a very swift craft but that was mostly because
of its total lack of shielding or weapons.  The fact that it was very fast
and maneuverable did nothing to reinsure him.
    Tally leaned back in the chair, crossed his arms and, like any other
experienced warrior during a moment of peace, tried to find sleep.

    Regent-Lord of Haven stared down at the scientists from his hover chair.
Lately his decaying body had made it very hard to get around and the
technicians had designed the hover chair to help him get around the space
station that housed High Command's Headquarters.  As he looked down at them,
his yellow artificial eyes seemed to glow with a life of their own.  He had
removed the clothe that hid his eyes from sight for this men and women knew
of his eyes.  They were the ones trying to keep him alive and he needed to
hide nothing from them.  In their yellow lab coats and cloaks, they looked
like members of some kind of evil priesthood standing before the floating
altar of their dark God. "Report."
    The scientists nodded and one of the older men stepped forward and said,
"First.  The new batch of clones have been designed and right now are
maturing within the vats.  The genes you have donated from Rift's report
have
proven to be very stable.  Within a year we will have a million warriors
perfect for ground combat."
    Lance nodded.  'Stable, unlike me, who is decaying before your very REAL
eyes.'
    A second scientist stepped forward and continued with the report, as if
they were all of one mind.
    "Second.  Our study of the local universe has proven our theory.  We're
going to run out of material and energy within a very short time."  She
pushed some of her white hair out of her aging face and continued, "Maybe a
thousand years or so.  We need to move to a larger, more richer universe
soon
or we won't have the power needed to move our bases and nurseries at all."
    A third scientist stepped forward, the yellow cloak of his rank brushing
the floor and remarked, "The problem is, we picked this universe because it
was hidden from the Goddess's view, not for the abundance of its resources.
What we need is a nice, rich home, yet one she has no access to OR is
structured in such a way that she can't find it."
    "I see."  Lance leaned back in his chair and smiled at them.  Deep
inside
himself his heart, one of the last of his organs not yet replaced, started
to
beat faster.
    "I see.  And I have the perfect universe.  One with more energy then we
could ever use and one in which the Goddess has not yet accessed."
    The scientists now showed emotion, glancing at each other and then up at
the Lord of Haven.  "Where?" asked the first one, his young face amazed.

    "See, Tenchi?" said Sasami, as she closed her tiny make up case.  "Don't
you feel much better."
    Tenchi stood before the mirror.  He was in a formal kimono, his long
hair
having been brushed and braided, his face having been washed and worked on
by
the tiny princess.  He sighed, shook his head and answered, "No, somehow I
think this is worse.  I feel like a cross dresser."
    "How can you feel like a cross dresser when you're a girl in a kimono?"
    Ryo-Ohki sat in one corner and just watched, fascinated.
    Tenchi shook his head again and said, "I might have the body of a girl,
but my mind and my life is that of a boy.  I feel so scared."
    Sasami hugged Tenchi, "Don't be scared.  I am sure Washu is working on
it
right now."

    At that very moment, Washu was drinking a glass of milk and munching on
a
cookie, while the computers around her worked on the problem of turning
Tenchi back into a boy.  She was very concerned about Tenchi, but at this
point all she could do was wait as the huge computers worked on scanning the
information she had given it and tried to find a solution.
    She glanced over at the brush on one of her work tables.  She and
Mihoshi
had searched Tenchi's bedroom and had found the brush.  It was a great piece
of luck, for on it they had found strands of Tenchi's hair, many with the
roots still attached.  The computers, comparing the old genes with the new,
would now find what needed to be replaced and spit out that data within a
few
hours.
    "Now, how to make the change back?" asked Washu, as she picked up a
cookie.  'The longer he stays in the female body the more harm we will have
to repair.  The mind is nothing but a plaything of the body.'
    She just couldn't recreate the accident.  That was dangerous and there
would be little if any control over such a risky operation.  Still, speed
was
essential and she was running out of it.  Soon Tenchi would either snap or
start to accept what had happened.  Frankly, Washu wanted to turn him back
to
normal before either events came about.  She had faith in herself and knew
she would help him turn back into a male again.  Yet, she had no idea what
kind of emotional or psychological damage there might be in the end.
    "On the other hand, being a girl might do him some good."  Washu
suddenly
thought of a new problem, "Well, until he has to go to the restroom."  She
snickered to herself and picked up another cookie.
    Suddenly one of the alarms started to go off, the tiny cabbit on a
spring
bouncing about, as one of the shadow screens appeared before her.  Washu
blinked, leaned forward as she chewed on the cookie.
    'Well, well, it seems I have a visitor on the way.  I'll have a few days
to prepare a welcome.'

    Tenchi knelt before the Masaki Shrine, both eyes tightly shut and hands
held in prayer.  He had been there for hours, trying to find his inner self,
trying to balance his yin and yang.
    'This is hopeless.  I was never really in touch with my feminine side to
begin with and now to have this happen.  I've been calling in sick for the
past few days, my friends can't see me and Mihoshi keeps trying to get me to
wear a tank top.  She does have a nice one, kind of light blue, but still.'
    Tenchi touched his long hair which he had brushed out so that it was
nice
and straight.  'And this is driving me nuts.  It takes so long to dry!  Oh
God, listen to me, maybe I am starting to find my feminine side.  I'm really
not sure that's a good idea.  I'm like a house of cards just waiting to fall
apart.'
    Tenchi sighed and started to stand up.  'I feel like I am whining to the
Gods.  Why is it we only come to the kami when we have a problem?'
    Tenchi was careful to walk with tiny steps, being new to moving around
while wearing a formal kimono.
    'I wonder why we take the kami for granted?  Like children might take
their parents for granted?'
    Tenchi became still, watching the clouds as he thought, 'No wonder
Mihoshi wears pants.  I hate kimonos!  They look so lovely, but you have to
be a trained dancer to do anything in them.'
    Suddenly his grandfather, Katsuhito, stood before.  "Ahem.  Tenchi, I
have been waiting behind the shrine office for the past 15 minutes. You are
late for sword practice.  Please go change and meet me there."  Before
Tenchi
could reply or even blink his grandfather turned and walked around the
nearest corner, heading to the other side of the shrine buildings.
    'Sword practice behind the office?  Now?  While I'm a girl?'

    Tenchi came around to the back side of the office building, in a workout
outfit he had gotten from Washu.  He had tied his hair into two ponytails
and
carried his practice sword in both hands, ready to react in a moment's
notice.  Grandfather had a nasty way of surprising Tenchi during practice
bouts.
    Tenchi heard a rustle in the bush and held his sword at the ready.  "OK,
Grandfather, I'm ready!"
    Suddenly, zigzagging out of the bush and long grass came the two
Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake.  They zoomed at Tenchi, brown blurs of
motion.
 Tenchi swung, a low cut designed to bring an opponent to his knees, but
remembered too late that these organic robots did not HAVE knees.  His sword
bounced off Azaka's lower body which such force that the weapon flew out of
his hands and landed a dozen feet away, in the long grass.
    "Damn!"  Tenchi, now unarmed, took up a defensive position, preparing to
fight hand-to-hand.  Before he could even make a decision on what to do
Kamidake slammed into him from behind, sending Tenchi plowing into the
bushes
head first.  Tenchi got up, one arm across his chest.  'Ouch!  That hurts!
My...er...nipples are too sensitive.'
    Tenchi tried to follow the two Guardians as they buzzed about his
position.  He rubbed his sore hands together and crouched down.  'Damn it,
this is not fair.  I'm so SMALL as a girl and I don't have the muscles or
reach.  HEY!  Wait, I'm smaller.  That's it!  I just have to change the
rules.'
    Tenchi closed his eyes, took a deep breath and released it.  When he
opened his eyes, he had accepted his new body, allowing himself to think as
a
she, changed his balance to take into account his new center of gravity and
finally, within his head he thought to himself, 'I have to fight like a
girl.'
    Out of the corner of her eyes Tenchi noticed Azaka change direction,
making a 90 degree turn to come right at her.  'Gotcha.'  Tenchi used her
lower center of gravity and smaller size to spin out of the way, at the same
time ending the spin by giving the Guardian a slap as it passed by.  The
robot lost control for a few moments and this time it crashed into a small
tree.
    Kamidake floated over to Azaka and asked, "Are you OK?"
    Azaka tried to pull itself out of the tangle of small branches and said,
"Yes.  Continue."
    Kamidake twirled about and shot at Tenchi, like a bullet leaving a gun.
She yet off a shout, leapt at the charging machine, flipping right into the
air.  While passing over the Guardian, Tenchi gave it a light kick on the
side of its upper body, causing it to become unbalanced and plow into the
dirt.  Tenchi landed and turned about on the left foot, ready for another
attack.
    "Good."  Katsuhito stepped out of shadows created by the nearby trees
and
drew a wooden practice sword.  "I did not want you to start training with
the
idea that the female body is any less dangerous."
    Tenchi took a few minutes to pull her practice sword out of the grass.
"How could I think that?  Remembering who I live with?"
    The exchange of blows, strikes and blocks lasted only a few moments, but
when the end came it was no doubt that Tenchi had put up a good fight, if a
useless one.  As Tenchi got back to her feet, rubbing the knot that was
forming on her head, she remarked, "I still lost."
    "True, but it was not because of pity or a failure on your part to
accept
yourself."  Katsuhito picked up both swords and dismissed the Guardians, who
swiftly removed themselves from the field.  "You have been thinking of yin
and yang, of two sides of a coin, of two liquids twirling together in
balance."  Tenchi nodded and Katsuhito chuckled.  "It is nonsense.  Listen
to
me.  We are all alike, in mind, made from the same stuff that formed the
Earth and the stars.  Males and females have the same dreams and problems.
Even two sides of the same coin are OF the same coin.  You have not changed
in the way you think, only in the way you will view your world."
    "But," asked Tenchi as she dusted herself off, "my view of my world
shapes how I think."
    "Only the weak allow the outside to twist or mold their thoughts,"
replied Katsuhito, sunlight reflecting off his glasses.  "You live by ideas
and principles, basic truths that are real no matter what.  Boy or girl, you
must live by them.  Our body may be a filter, it may change how we see
things, but it SHOULD NOT change how we feel or think about things."
    Tenchi blinked and shook her head, "I am not sure I understand totally."
    Katsuhito just smiled and said, "Nobody ever understands totally.
Either
way you look at it, it will be a good experience for you.  Remember, the
kami
are genderless.  Now, do something to relax."

    Tenchi sat in the hot water, enjoying the feeling of the steam and
warmth
on her body.  'So', she thought, 'we think the same things no matter what
gender we are.  Nonsense.  I feel different right now.'
    There was a splash and the ripples hit her, as Washu said, "Hey Tenchi,
can I join you?"
    "AAAHHH!"  Tenchi's eyes became wide, as she crossed her arms in front
of
herself.  "Washu!  What are you doing here?"
    "Having a good soak, like you."  Washu smiled, dimples on her cheeks,
"Hey, you're red but your nose is not bleeding.  Your male body must have
high blood pressure."
    Tenchi stank lower into the water and said, "Miss Washu.  Come on, I
still don't feel at all comfortable being a girl."
    "But Tenchi," said Washu as she settled into the warm water, "that is
what your grandfather has been trying to tell you.  Don't be a boy or a
girl,
be an individual.  Both boys and girls have the same fear of failure and the
same need for success.  Both worry about their appearance or their jobs or
what kind of people they will meet.  Have you ever talked to Ryoko or
Princess Ayeka about their day?"
    "What?" asked Tenchi, slightly startled.
    "Have you ever just asked how their day had gone?  Did you notice what
they were wearing?  Ever say something about their hair?  You go shopping
with Mihoshi and Sasami, but have you ever treated Ryoko and Ayeka to a
shopping spree?  Have you ever treated them as individuals?"
    "I try to every single day, but they drive me nuts."
    "Mihoshi almost strangled you when she tried to help you put on your
first bra, yet you didn't get mad at her.  If you showed the other two as
much patience as you show the rest of us, I bet things would be different."
Washu started to get out of the water.  Tenchi almost freaked, till she
noticed Washu was wearing a skin colored bathing suit.  "Tenchi, just go up
there and try, one more time, OK?  Treat them as friends, not girls."

    The next day Tenchi stepped up to the front door of the work shed and
knocked.  The door swung open.  Ryoko stood there, smiling and saying,
"Hello."  She did a double-take and asked, "Tenchi!"
    Tenchi stood there and blushed, wearing a comfortable blouse and a pair
of faded blue jeans she had gotten from Mihoshi.  She held up the lunch box.
"Hi.  I've come to visit you two, if that's OK?"
    Ryoko blushed and bowed in the formal kimono she had borrowed from
Princess Ayeka.  "Hey, Ayeka, we have company."
    The dinner was a simple one, mostly of rice and fish cakes.  Ryoko and
Ayeka don't seem to notice how simple it was, their eyes mostly on Tenchi,
who served them.  'At least my nose isn't bleeding.  Maybe my male body does
have high blood pressure?'
    "So, Ryoko," said Tenchi as she glanced at the blushing demon, "did
Princess Ayeka help you with your hair?"
    "Why, yes."  Ryoko smiled and added, "She has really helped me a lot
with
my appearance.  She even made me a sweater too."  Ryoko touched her hair as
she thought, 'One arm is longer than the other, but why point that out?  Oh
Tenchi, even as a girl you look cute.'
    "Oh Ryoko, you're so modest."  Ayeka placed her chopsticks on her plate
and said to Tenchi, "She has helped me too.  She helped find the fuel for
the
lamps and even moved the crates out of the way.  And she has been helping me
a lot with my hair.  You can't know how hard it is to brush and braid your
own hair."
    "Yes," remarked Tenchi with a smile.  "I can."
    They all laughed.
    "Hey Ayeka," said Tenchi, as she picked up her tea cup, "isn't that
Ryoko's red jacket you're wearing?"
    For the next hour they did nothing but talk.  Not about the life or
death, not about anything important.  They chatted about hair, clothes, food
and even dreams.

    Tenchi watched the sunset, after just finishing the last step of the tea
ceremony.  Her cup was before her on a tiny alter, the bamboo ladle was
resting on the kettle, the whisk standing upside down and the cherry
blossoms
were falling onto the ground like a snowstorm, a few landing on her hair.
    She smiled and said out loud, "Peony petals fell-*THUD*-OUCH!"
    Tenchi turned to glare at her father who had whacked her on the head
with
the tea ladle.  "What was that for?"
    Nobuyuki leaned forward and said, "Listen to me. You are Tenchi.  Boy or
girl, you will always be who you are.  That was what your grandfather was
telling you earlier.  Now, learning the art of tea is a grand thing, but
remember who you are.  You are Tenchi Masaki and soon you'll be a boy again,
so don't do anything you might regret later, OK?"
    Tenchi sighed and nodded.

    "Are you sure we shouldn't have something a tad more dangerous?" asked
Mihoshi, as she held a platter of cookies.
    "No, we'll be fine," said Washu as she scanned the sky with the
telescope, "it's just a shuttle, a small unarmed, one person ship.  If there
was going to be combat, it would have come with the rest of the fleet."
    Sasami held Ryo-Ohki close, smiling, "So, somebody is coming to talk?"
    "Yes," answered Washu as she snapped the telescope shut, "I bet we're
going to learn a lot."
    The four of them stood next to the lake, waiting for the ship that was
going to arrive any second.
    "Oh, is that it?"
    Washu glanced back up at the blue sky and noticed a tiny dot getting
bigger, "Yes, Sasami, I believe it is."  Washu reached into her pocket and
pulled out a tiny black box which started to beep.  "Now they have a landing
beacon."
    The shuttle soon swung down over the lake and Washu could see it
clearly.
 It was fish shaped, with an organic feel to it.  The side fins were
extending downwards, becoming longer as it approached the shore, becoming
frail looking landing gear.  It landed with barely a sound and Washu noticed
that the engines had been silent also.  'It uses antigravity when in
atmosphere?'
    The 'mouth' seemed to open, the lower jaw acting like a ramp to allow
the
pilot to step down.  A tall alien stepped down onto the ground, about six
foot, in a simple blue uniform, with a blue cap under one arm.  His eyes
were
solid black and his matching hair was cut somewhat short.  His skin was very
pale, but well within the human range of skin color.  'Could be a human from
this planet,' thought Washu as the man seemed to take in his surroundings.

    First Fleet Commander Tally stood still and glanced about.  He had
noticed the welcome party by the lake, but was too amazed to be able to
acknowledge their presence.  Tally had never been on a planet before.  He
had
led ships into battle around blazing stars, had launched wave after wave of
smart missiles against planetary defenses and had even fought in battle
armor
on the hull of his ship when needed to repel boarders, but he had never been
ON a planet like the ground grunts of his people.  The flow of air, the
scents from the plants, the sound of live animals and the feeling of a sun
without anything to protect him from its deadly rays.
    "Hello."
    Tally woke up from his daydreaming and turned to face the redhead who
had
just spoken to him.
    "Greetings.  You must be Washu?  My name is First Fleet Commander Tally,
of the Haven High Command.  I would like to have a few words with you."
    "Hi!  I'm Mihoshi.  Want some cookies?" asked Mihoshi has she thrust the
platter at Tally.
    "Cookies?"
    "Welcome to Earth!  My name is Sasami," added Princess Sasami.
    "Yes, thank you," replied Tally as he eyed one of Mihoshi's cookies in
his hand.  'What is this?  A kind of welcoming gift?  A pass or a badge of
some type?'
    "Meow?"
    Tally stared down at the tiny furry animal in the small girl's hands.
"What's that?"
    "Oh, that's Ryo-Ohki!  She's a cabbit."  Sasami thrust the cabbit
towards
sweating Tally, "See?"
    "Don't you like cookies?" asked Mihoshi.  She gave Tally a cheerful
smile
and said, "Go on, try it."
    Tally looked at the cookie, "How?"
    The one called Washu placed her head in her hands and said, "This is
going to take some time."

    High above the ground, skimming the outer limits of the atmosphere was a
satellite.  From the outside it was a weather satellite, but inside were
sensors imported from Jurai.  The satellite detected the alien shuttle and
notified the agents of Jurai stationed at Tokyo.  Within minutes a
faster-then-light report was being beamed to Jurai.  Within hours, the
General Inspector of Information would know of the shuttle's presence.

    Inside the house, First Fleet Commander and the three girls (and one
cabbit) kneeled about the table.
    "You see, you do this," said Mihoshi right before biting into a cookie.
    "I see," said Tally.  "It is some kind of protein disk."
    Washu tapped the table with a few fingers and remarked, "Surely you did
not come all the way here to learn about food products.  So, Fleet
Commander,
what are you here for?"
    Tally placed the cookie on the table next to his hat and replied, "As I
said before, I am here for you.  We are-"
    "For cute little old me?"  Washu blushed, placing her hands on the side
of her head, looking away.  "Oh, you've come all this way for me.  To have
your way with me?  Oh Commander!"
    "Meow!" smirked Ryo-Ohki.
    Sasami giggled, as Tally looked confused.  'These people are going to
drive me insane.'
    "Washu," continued Tally, "I am here to ask you a few questions.  For
example, how old are you?"
    "Oh course," answered Washu.  "You would want to know me better, but
please, call me Little Washu."
    "You really should never ask a lady her age," commented Mihoshi as she
chewed on her cookie.
    Tally sighed and glared down at his cookie.  'So many rules about
behavior on this planet.  Maybe if I just told her the whole story.'  Tally
pulled a memory stick from one of his uniform's pockets.  It was a smaller
version of a memory cube, used mostly to store information for short
missions.  He placed it on the table and typed onto the code keys.
    "Maybe I should show you this," said Tally as a blizzard of light
started
to form over the table.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters was created and is owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  Haven, Lance and Tally and related characters were all created in
my mind.  Boy, is it yuckie in there.
*A teacup on the edge of a well.
