A Thousand Mile Journey.
Chapter Four: Jishin, kaminari, kaji, oyaji.*

    The walk towards the Masaki Shrine was a long one from the bus stop, but
the stranger did not mind.  He was very strong for his age and his backpack,
with the strapped on red umbrella, felt light after all those years of
carrying them.  His bandana, with a computer looking pattern of black
squares
on the yellow background, kept his longish hair out of his calm eyes. His
yellow shirt, black pants and boots were dirty and worn from his many
travels.
    He stopped to check his map and nodded.  "Maybe here I can cure myself
of
this curse."

    The planet that floated above the table was a green and blue jewel, a
delight to the eyes.  "That was the planet of Inno.  The people of the
planet
were advanced even when compared to the planet of Jurai.  They had come to
the very limit of our reality, just about to break through to the plane of
pure thought and energy."
    Tally tapped the code keys on the memory stick and the picture changed.
The planet was encircled by wave after wave of massive ships.  Even as
Washu,
Mihoshi and Sasami watched, the ships started to bombard the planet, turning
its colors of life to the nothingness of death.  "Was that would the Goddess
did to your planet?" asked Washu, as the ships started to withdraw, leaving
behind the burnt remains of the destroyed planet.
    "No," replied Tally, forcing himself to look at the picture, "We were
the
attackers.  Our race use to work for the Goddess."
    Sasami looked at Tally in shock and Mihoshi could only say, "Oh my."

    The planet Jurai was a lovely and beautiful one.  Even within the throne
room of the King there was a sense of peace and harmony.  All seemed calm
and
gently, but for the brooding face of the King himself.  His fists raked the
arms of his throne and he hissed, "Repeat that?"
    Lady Funaho, Inspector General of Information, held up a message crystal
and said, "The report from Earth suggests that Tenchi and our daughters have
a guest.  A guest who has not gone through proper channels to get permission
for the visit to the Earth.  Excuse me, colonial planet 0-315."
    The King opened his eyes and stated, "I fear that the visitor might not
have ANY business with our daughters, but might be there to have dealings
with Washu.  I want a fleet sent at once to bring that uninvited guest
here!"
    "No," replied Lady Funaho and held up a hand towards her husband before
he could explode in rage.  "As a member of the Supreme Council and as your
wife, I most point out how that would be a waste of a large number of our
best ships.  Also, Washu DID promise me NOT to make any more ships like
Ryo-Ohki and I trust her."
    Lady Misaki, who had been holding back, now stepped forward, "She is
right.  Maybe I should send a small ship of the Royal Bodyguard?  The
council
could not refuse you sending one.  Not if the request came from a worried
father."
    The King nodded, "Do it."  He grinned and added, "Make them the
strongest
men you have!"
    Both wives bowed and left the King's chambers.

    First Fleet Commander Tally gaped about Washu's subspace laboratory,
while Washu pushed up a chair next to her floating cushion.  "The complex is
made up of about two dozen planets by now.  I like to add on.  All are
linked
by portals.  Now sit down, we have to talk."
    Tally more fell into the chair then sat and stared at Washu.  "This is
huge.  Bigger than our nurseries.  Bigger than our space factories or armed
tracking stations."  Tally gestured hopeless with his hands, "You must have
the power equal to the Goddess herself."
    "Her name is Lady Tokimi," Washu remarked as she slipped onto the
cushion
and folded her legs under herself.  "I know of her."
    "So Dr. Clay WAS trying to bring you to her!" exclaimed Tally.
    "How did you know about that?"
    "Listen, please."  Tally leaned forward and continued, "You are the
factor.  The Goddess has claimed and conquered many planes of existence, I
know.  At one time my people helped her."
    "Yes, before you say anything else," said Washu, holding up her hands to
stop Tally's raving, "Explain how you are now NOT her servants."
    Tally sighed and said, "We were her servants, yes, for millions of
years.
 We became as greedy and as twisted as the dark force we obeyed.  Soon, we
even started to believe we were as powerful.  We turned on her.  Our race
had
been changed by millions of years of war and hate.  Greed ruled us and it
made us believe in our own power above all else."
    Tally's eyes, those dark orbs that had seen so much in the past few
years, started to water.  "I have seen the history records.  I have seen the
home galaxy, the galaxy she gave us, become nothing but a graveyard.  The
mother planet is nothing but a relic, a piece of dirt held in a chamber of
the Regent-Lord.  That is all that remains of our once great empire."
    "Well, it looks like you paid for the sins of your fathers."
    "Yes," Tally said, through grinding teeth.  "Now we wish just to stop
her.  To defeat her.  And we believe you can help us.  Our fleets have
failed
us, our weapons have failed us, even our wealth has failed us.  Yet she has
not taken this universe and we believe you are the reason!"
    "One of them," answered Washu.
    "One?"

    Tenchi stood up from sweeping the sidewalk in front of the shrine office
when a strange boy reached the top of the stairs.  The boy spotted Tenchi
and
came over, holding out a map.  "Excuse me miss, is this the Masaki Shrine?"
    Tenchi nodded, "Oh yes.  Can I help you?"
    The boy shook his head and replied, "No.  I mean, I have just come to
pray."
    Tenchi nodded, "If you need to see the priest I can get him.  By the
way,
my name is Tenchi Masaki."
    The boy bowed slightly.  "How nice to meet you.  My name is Ryoga
Hibiki."  Ryoga stood up and thought, 'Tenchi? What a weird name for a
girl.'
    "Follow me," said Tenchi, as she started to walk to the office.  "Do you
plan to visit the shrine just for today?"
    "If I can. I plan to stay a few days," replied Ryoga as he adjusted his
backpack.  "I can always camp out in the woods.  I am use to roaming about
all of Japan."
    "Well, the woods are kind of dangerous.  We have an empty room, I am
sure
my father won't mind."  Tenchi smiled and thought to herself, 'I don't think
he'll want to run into Ryoko or Princess Ayeka out in the forest.  He looks
like he could use a real bed.'
    "Thanks," said Ryoga as he followed the girl up the steps and waited as
she knocked.  'I can't believe my luck.  I'll enjoy real home cooked meals.
What a nice girl.'
    "Are you OK?" probed Tenchi.
    "Sure, I'm OK.  Just tired."
    "OK," said Tenchi, before turning to the door as it slid open.
"Grandfather.  This is Ryoga Hibiki.  He has come to visit the shrine and I
wondered if he can stay in Ryoko's old room for a while?"
    Katsuhito smiled, "Of course Tenchi."  He turned to Ryoga and said,
"Welcome.  I'm Katsuhito Masaki.  I hope you find what you are searching for
here at the shrine."

    Within hyperspace was the spaceship Too-Kay, a Jurai ship of the Royal
Body Guard.  Like most Jurai ships it looked like something designed by Odin
or Loki from Viking myths, with a curved hull made out of wood and pointed
ornaments that looked like giant oars.  Of course, the oars and other
structures held advanced equipment in the form of sensors and weapons, but
from the outside the Too-Kay looked like some kid's idea of a magical boat
out of fantasy than real warship traveling through the upper levels of
reality.
    Inside the ship, within the command bridge, Captain Kuria went over the
mission with his Troop Commander.
    "Commander Rain," said the Captain as he glanced about the bridge.
"Once
we exit hyperspace, we should be right over the house.  I will beam you and
twenty of your best men down to the planet.  Your job is to capture the
alien
WITHOUT getting into a fight.  We don't wish to harm anyone nor do we wish
to
upset the princesses."
    "Yes, sir," replied the Commander, "I understand fully.  Should I arm
them with anything besides the staffs?"
    The Captain laughed.  "No.  They won't put up a fight, not with the
Too-Kay's guns right over their heads!"

    Ryoga clapped his hands and started to pray.  'Please, kami, cure me of
my curse.  Cure me of the pig within and help me win Akane.'
    Ryoga remembered all the times he had almost been caught as a pig by
Akane.  All the times, after falling into cold water and turning into a
small
black pig, that Akane had found him.  Luckily, Akane never linked him to the
pig and Ranma has yet to give him away.  'Even if Ranma is an enemy to all
women, he has yet to dishonor me by giving away my terrible secret.'
    "Oh please great ones," asked Ryoga, "help me. Give me back my normal
life."
    The shrine seemed silent, as if the kami were listening, but not yet
willing to respond.

    Tally shook his head in shock.  "I understand now."  First Fleet
Commander Tally leaned back and stared at Washu.
    "I doubt it," said Washu as she played with a strand of her hair, "I
have
only given you about half the story, but I bet you can put the rest of it
together."
    Tally nodded, "So it is all linked together.  The gems, the trees and
even Tenchi."
    Washu smiled, "More then just linked, if you understand."
    "Of course," replied Tally.

    Tenchi was about to enter the house, when she noticed Ryoga approaching
from the coming down the hillside, from the steps, his umbrella over his
left
shoulder.  "Hello!" she said, "Ready for dinner?  Princess...I mean Sasami
made a lovely meal.  We even have another guest who will be joining us."
    Ryoga almost seemed to be crying as he said, "Oh yes, thank you.  I am
sure the meal will be a delight to the tongue."
    Before Tenchi could reply, the sky seemed to thunder and a black hole
seemed to form right over the lake.
    Both Tenchi and Ryoga stared up at this twirling storm of nothingness,
as
a Jurai ship slowly slipped down out of it, causing the lake to become rough
and stormy, waves exploding outwards from the force of the ship's
appearance.
    "What is that?" shouted Ryoga, almost dropping his umbrella.
    "Trouble," answered Tenchi, wishing she had her sword.
    As the ship seemed to become still, the hole above it disappeared.
Suddenly there was a board beam of yellow light, which shoot down to the
shore between the house and the lake.  Onto the walkways that Tenchi's
father
had built appeared twenty-one men, all in Jurai military uniforms and
holding
staffs.
    One of the men, an officer from the looks, stepped forward and glared at
the two surprised humans.  "I am commander Rain and I have come for the
uninvited guest who dares to visit this place without permission from the
King of Jurai."
    "Hey!" shouted Tenchi, stepping forward herself in anger, "Who we have
as
guests is NONE of the King's business!"
    Commander Rain seemed to almost snarl, "How dare you insult the King!
Who are you?  You're not part of this household!  Get them both!"
    As the first ten formed up into a line and lifted their staffs, there
was
a whirring noise.  Suddenly Ryoga's open umbrella appeared as it went down
the line, riding on its handle, plowing a tiny scar in the ground as it
pasted the ten guards.  It took them a few seconds to realize their staffs,
with built-in stunners, had been sawed in two by the umbrella's spinning
edge.  The umbrella, like a hawk, flew in a large arch to return to its
owner.  It came to rest in Ryoga's right hand.
    "How dare you," Ryoga said quietly, "how dare you attack somebody weaker
then you."
    "Well, then we'll attack you!" shouted Rain.  "CHARGE!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters is a creation of and still owned by AIC
and Pioneer.  Ryoga is a character created and owned by Rumiko Takahashi for
her Ranma 1/2 series.  I hope I don't upset any Ranma 1/2 fans by using him
in this Tenchi story.  The Haven characters, plus a few of the Jurai were
made for the story.
*Earthquakes, thunderbolts, fires, fathers.
