Disclaimer:  Merry Christmas, everyone!  This year to celebrate the
holidays, I decided to try my hand at a Christmas fic.  I figured
that the Tenchi gang probably had a party every year, and what's a
party without guests?  So I decided to invite a few old friends to
this party.  ^_^
Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.
"To Love and To Hate" is the property of the Total Anime Nut.
"Dark Juraian" is the property of Little Masa-Ouki.  "Bishonen Muyo"
is the property of Keener.  "Tenchi Muyo TV 2" is the property of
Seion.  "Ryoko's Love" is the property of Long T. Tran.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night...


The Twelve Dimensions of Christmas

	Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe, looked
up at her invention and cackled maniacally.
	It was finished!  Finally finished!
	The invention, her invention, what she had spent many
sleepless months working on...
	Was a simple door.
	Well, not *too* simple.  It *did* have an electronic keypad
next to the doorknob.  Despite this technological flourish, the
rest of the door appeared to be solid, English oak.
	She cackled louder.
	Suddenly, there was a knock.
	Washu paused and looked quizzically at the door.  There it
was again.  The knock.
	"Miss Washu?"
	She turned when she realized that the knock hadn't come from
the new door, but rather the door that connected her lab to the
outside world.  "Sasami?"
	Sasami, wearing a coat and cute, red, Santa Claus hat, entered
the lab.  "Miss Washu?  We're going to go caroling.  Would you come
with us, please?"
	Washu gave it some thought.  "So, you need a *real* singer
to come along, eh?"  she asked.  "Sure thing, Sasami.  I'll be right
out."
	"Yay!"  Sasami ran back to the house to tell the others.
	"I'll just set this to self diagnostic, and check the results
later."  She typed a few commands into her holotop.  The screen
asked her to input some test coordinates.  The scientist walked to
the keypad on the door and inputted a few numbers.  "There we go."
	Content that her experiment could watch itself for awhile,
Washu left the lab.

	It was three hours later that Washu returned and shrugged
off her coat.  She grinned and hung her coat up on the door before
turning to her new experiment.
	The door was open.
	Her eyes narrowed.
	"Computer, intruder alert,"  she announced.
	"Computer, cancel alert,"  her voice called out from across
the room.
	Washu blinked.  Someone was stepping out of the shadows.
She blinked in surprise when she realized it was *her*!
	Washu stared at Washu for a good  minute.
	The "real" Washu grinned.  "Hmmmm...Looks like one of my
back-up clones broke loose.  Guess I'll have to bug bomb my lab
again."
	"'Clone?!'"  the other Washu scoffed.  "I'll have you know
I'm as authentic as they come!"
	Washu was about to retort when she noticed something about
this Washu.  Her outfit was a little different, and she appeared
to be wearing...
	"Hey!  Where'd you get those?!"  she cried, pointing at the
other Washu's ears.
	The other Washu grinned.  "These?"  she asked, pointing at
the green earrings she wore.  "They're Asconian jade.  You like?"
	"I know what they are!"  Washu cried.  "How did you get them!?
Asconians don't let *anyone* onto their planet!"
	"Well,"  the other Washu said smugly, "It's easy when you
have a full entry and exit visa..."  The real Washu's mouth fell
open in astonishment.  "To conduct archaeological and anthropological
research."
	"Who are you?"  Washu asked.
	The other Washu grinned.  "I have a theory," she said,
gesturing  to the door.
	Washu grinned back.  "I *knew* you were going to say that..."

	Tenchi hung a wreathe on the front door of his house and
stepped back inside.  So far, this Christmas was really shaping up.
Ryoko and Aeka were busy decorating the tree, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki
were in the kitchen cooking for their annual party, and all Tenchi
had left to do was sit back and enjoy the holidays.
	As he was passing Washu's door, it opened, and the petite
scientist stuck her head out.  "Hey, Tenchi.  About the party..."
	"What about it?"  Tenchi asked.  "You're still coming, right?
You're not going to spend all Christmas in your lab, are you?"
	"Oh, don't worry!"  Washu told him with a smile.  "I just want
to know if it's okay to invite a few guests along!"
	Tenchi blinked.  "Well...I suppose.  Who are you inviting?"
	Washu grinned evilly.  "Don't worry, you'll know them."
	Just then, another voice just like Washu's was heard from
behind her.  "Hey, what did he say?"
	Washu looked back over her shoulder.  "It's a go."
	"Sweet!"
	Before Tenchi could ask, Washu shut the door.
	He sighed.  He got the feeling that the holidays just became
that much more complicated.  He walked to the kitchen and found
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki, in her toddler form, bustling around the
counters.
	"Hey, Sasami.  Wow, this looks great!"  he cried, looking at
the vast array of holiday cakes and goodies Sasami had already baked.
	The little princess giggled.  "Yeah, I thought since it's a
special occasion, I should go all out."
	Tenchi remembered what Washu said.  "You might want to make
more."
	Sasami only blinked in shock.  The entire kitchen table and
every counter was already loaded with Christmas treats of every
kind.  "Why?"
	Tenchi rolled his eyes.  "Washu."
	"Say no more,"  Sasami said as she went to the refrigerator
for more ingredients.

	Ryoko flew up and placed the star on top of the tree.  "How's
that?"  she asked.
	"Crooked,"  Aeka told her from her place in the center of the
room.
	"It is not!"  Ryoko defended herself.  "Your head's just bent
to one side!"
	"I'll show you bent, you mannerless bakemono!"
	Just then, Sasami came running from the hall right past them,
carrying a package in her arms.  "Excuse me!"  she cried as she
blew past.
	"Sasami!  You shouldn't run in the house while carrying
something like that!"  Aeka cried.
	Sasami cried a quick apology before ducking out the front
door.
	"I wonder what she's up to?"  Aeka mused to herself.
	"What who's up to?"  Sasami asked, walking out of the kitchen
with Tenchi in tow.
	Aeka and Ryoko blinked.
	"Sasami...Didn't you just..."  Ryoko began.
	"Didn't I just what?"
	"We were just in the kitchen,"  Tenchi supplied.  "Um...Are
you okay?"
	"We're here!"  they heard Mihoshi cry from the hall.  They
turned and looked on in astonishment.
	"Um...Mihoshi, I think you have your holidays mixed up,"
Tenchi said nervously.  "Halloween was months ago."
	"Yes,"  Aeka threw in.  "But I do admit, it's a wonderful
costume.  Just like my mother's guard."
	Mihoshi, decked out in a Jurain guardsman's uniform and
face-paint blinked.  "Um...What are you talking about?  I came
straight from work."
	"Hey, Mihoshi, did you find the bathroom?"  a strange voice
asked.
	A woman with teal hair wearing a GP uniform came walking up
behind her.
	"Hi, guys," she said with a wave.
	"Er...Excuse me, but..."  Tenchi began.
	"Who the hell are you?"  Ryoko finished.
	The group stared at one another.
	"I'm here!"  Mihoshi's voice bubbled from the front door.
"And look who I found!"  she called out as she entered, Sasami
walking beside her.
	This did nothing to help the confusion.
	They stared at each other for a bit longer.  Then...
	"WASHU!!!"

	As a mob the group ran to Washu's lab, Ryoko in the lead.  She
threw open the door and stopped cold.
	"Hi, Little Ryoko!"  ten Washu's called out at once.
	"Oh yeah,"  Ryoko muttered, her eyes narrowed, "This is a good
thing..."
	"Holy crap!"  the teal-haired woman said in awe.  "Washu....in
*stereo*!"
	One of the Washu's stepped forward.  "I see you've met some
of the others...despite my wanting to keep them here for the time
being."
	"Washu, what's going on?"  Tenchi asked.  "You didn't clone
yourself, Sasami, and Mihoshi, did you?!"
	Washu snorted and turned to the other Washu's.  "'Cloning.'"
The other Washu's laughed.
	"Well could you *please* explain this to us?!"  Aeka asked.
	"Of course!"  Washu  proclaimed.  "You see, every year we
have a small party with all our friends and family.  This is a
small party because we don't know many people on Earth.  I..."
	"*We,*" a Washu with green earrings broke in.
	"Er...*We*...figured that a great, big, Christmas bonanza
would be fun if we could invite a lot of people, so using my new
interdimensional doorway, myself and my esteemed colleague here
are bringing other us's from universes all over the place!"
	Silence.
	"Don't you ever get tired of playing God?"  Ryoko asked quietly.
	"HELL NO!"  ten Washu's cried in response.
	Sasami sighed.  "I better get back to the kitchen.  I have a
lot of work to do."
	"Hold on!  I'll help!"  the new Sasami offered.
	Giggling, the two ran to the kitchen.
	The teal haired woman was looking from one Mihoshi to the
other in fear.  "Um...Excuse me...WASHU, WHERE'S THAT DOOR!?"
	Washu grinned.  "Leaving so soon?"
	"As fast as I can!"
	"KI-YOOOO-NEEEEE!!!"  Two Mihoshi's cried, tears pouring from
their eyes.
	"It's a nightmare,"  Kiyone whispered, shutting her eyes.
"It's just....a bad....DREAM!"
	"We got another one!"  a Washu cried as sparks appeared around
the dimensional doorway.  The group watched in awe as a flash of
light enveloped the room.
	Suddenly, another set of doubles was sitting before the
doorway, rubbing the backsides they had landed on.  Along with their
dimensional counterparts, there were two others.  One of them was
a very large, muscular man with a red cape and a sword hanging
from his belt.  The other was a five year old boy with red hair.
	The man looked around quickly, his hand going for his sword.
Before he could do anything, one of the   Washu's had approached
and was speaking to the group.
	"Ow,"  the newest Aeka moaned painfully.  The big man quickly
turned and offered a hand, helping her up.
	"Thank you, Derai,"  she said.  "Vell, are you okay?"
	"Yes, Ka Sha," the little boy replied as Aeka helped him up.
	Everyone was staring in awe.  The Washu talking to the newest
batch, who seemed to be *their* Washu, stopped her announcement
with a grin.  Tenchi and Ryoko nodded.
	"A bloody warning too much trouble for ye, lass?"  the big
man, Derai, asked Washu.
	"Oh, come on!"  Washu argued.  "It's a party!  Lighten up!"
	Tenchi, the original Tenchi, sighed.  "It's going to be one
of those days..."

	Aeka and her counterpart ducked to either side of the hall
as four Sasami's ran past, laughing and enthralled in a game of tag.
	"Sasami, don't run!"  they both cried in unison after the
fleeing pack of blue-haired princesses.  They looked at one another
and giggled as they resumed their course for the kitchen.
	"So," Aeka asked, trying to make conversation.  "That Derai
fellow...He's your..."
	The other Aeka laughed.  "Heavens no!  We're just friends."
	"I see...But where you're from, you *did* um...."
	"Lose?"  the other Aeka asked.  Aeka nodded.  "I suppose
you could say that,"  the other Aeka told her.  "But," she said,
"I have a beautiful son who I wouldn't trade for anything in the
world!"
	Aeka smiled.  "That's good to hear."  She stumbled as
someone accidentally knocked into her as the two were passing the
door.  She felt someone grab her and keep her from falling.
Looking up, she saw a man with brown hair and gray eyes smiling
at her.
	"Apologies, Ne...Darl'n," he corrected himself.  "Guess I
should be more mindful."  He helped to steady her and smiled.
	"Thank you, Mister..."
	His grin broadened.  "'Mister,'" he repeated quietly.  "Been
awhile since I heard your voice call me, 'Mister.'"
	"Um...Have we met?"
	"You could call it that," he said.
	"Davner."
	They turned to find another Aeka walking towards them, this
one wearing dark pink earrings along with the kimonos the other
Aeka's were wearing.
	"Just what are you doing?"  she asked with an arched eyebrow.
	"Just introducing myself to your lovely sister, Neria," the
man, Davner, told her.  Aeka just blinked as she watched her
alter-ego and this strange man converse.
	"Awww," the Aeka with the earrings cooed, approaching him.
She reached up and caressed his face.  "Davner, let me just answer
that one question I know is running through your mind right now,"
she whispered.   Suddenly, she grabbed hold of his ear.  He
grimaced in pain.  "Yes," she said with a smile, "Even if it's
another me your drooling on, it's *still* cheating."
	She released his ear.  His hand went up and rubbed it.
"Doesn't hurt to ask," he said with a grin.
	"You're incorrigible!"  the third Aeka cried.  She started
dragging him down the hallway, away from, "those other me's," as
she put it.
	"That was an odd occurrence,"  Aeka commented.
	"Yes," the other Aeka told her.  "They're married."
	Aeka blinked in astonishment.  "M...Married?"
	The other Aeka nodded as they began walking again.  "From
what that other Washu tells me..."
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the green earrings.  Anyway, from what she
tells me, in her universe, Tenchi and Ryoko have a daughter, and
I...er...we...er...she...is married to the Prince of Mollidon."
	"Wait a second,"  Aeka stopped her.  "Are you saying, that
in both your universe and hers...I lose Tenchi?"
	"You really shouldn't look at it like that,"  the other
Aeka told her.  She started down the hall again.
	Aeka just stood there.  "Oh and two," she whispered almost
painfully.

	"Now *that*,"  a green-haired man said, "is a thing of
beauty."
	"Huh?"  a tall boy with shaggy dark hair and a leather
jacket asked.
	The man pointed out at the group of Mihoshi's building
snowmen on the Masaki front lawn.   "Look at them!"  he cried.
"The most beautiful woman in the galaxy...TIMES TEN!!!"  He sighed.
"Oh there is a god and he loves me..."
	The boy blinked.  "Well...they are pretty..."
	"You making eyes at my woman?!"  the green haired man asked
him quickly.
	"No!  No!"  the boy cried in response.  "I'm just agreeing
with you!  That's all!"
	"Good!"  the man replied.  He held a hand out.  "Seion
Makibi."
	The boy shook it.  "Masami Kikuchi," he told him.  "Makibi?"
he asked.  "Any relation to Kiyone Makibi?"
	"Her brother."
	"Ah."
	"What about you?  How are you connected to this crew?"
	"Guinea pig,"  Masami answered seriously.  "And I bum around
with Tenchi."
	Seion smiled.  "Got a girlfriend?"
	"Sort of,"  Masami told him.  "You?"
	"She's over there,"  Seion told him, pointing at the mass
of Mihoshi's.
	"Which one?"  Masami asked smugly.
	The green-haired GP paused, then scowled at Masami.  "You
saying I don't know which one's my girlfriend?"
	"Oh no!"  Masami said, quickly feigning innocence.  "I wouldn't
dream of it."
	Seion smiled, then laughed, slapping Masami on the back.  The
young man fell forward with a cry.  To Seion's surprise, it wasn't
a human boy on the floor before him, but a small cabbit.
	"That's new," he remarked.
	MIIIIIIYAAAA!!!!"  He looked up and found two Ryo-Ohki's in
ship form crash into each other over the lake.  Three more quickly
slammed into them.
	He turned as Tenchi and Ryoko, his hosts, not *his* Tenchi
and Ryoko, approached.  They watched as the cabbit ships lined up
in two neat rows, facing each other.  Suddenly, the rammed into
one another again.  Then, one of them shot an energy beam at the
ground.  A large carrot that had been sitting there flew, thrown
by the impact, over the Masaki Shrine's torii gate.  The ship
that had made the shot began to spin and miya frantically.
	"That was odd,"  Ryoko commented, blinking at the spectacle.
	Seion nodded.   "You're telling me.  Usually she goes for the
two point conversion..."

	Aeka found her counterpart in the bedroom she shared with
her sister frazzled and on the end of her rope.  Standing before
her were several Sasami's, all giggling mercilessly at her.
	"Aeka, what's wrong?"  Aeka asked her.
	Her counterpart turned and sighed.  Aeka noticed something
on the front of her kimono.  A stick-on name tag that said, "Hello,
I'm from Universe TLTH."
	"What's that?"  she asked.
	"Washu's idea,"  TLTH Aeka told her.  "To keep track of us.
She says that each of our dimensions has a prefix number or letter
on the dimensional chart, so she made these stickers for us.
Could you help me hand them out?"
	"Of course,"  Aeka told her.  "Is there a problem?"
	"Our sisters are being uncooperative,"  TLTH Aeka growled.
The Sasami's all giggled.
	"Okay, let me try."  Aeka told her.  "Sasami, come here,"
she beckoned to her own sister.
	About ten Sasami's stepped forward and giggled.
	"Oh jeez,"  Aeka sighed.  "By the way, do we have stickers?"
	"Yes,"  TLTH Aeka said.  She handed Aeka a sticker with the
letters, "OAV" on them.
	Aeka quickly affixed it to her chest and tried again.
"Alright, will *my* sister please step forward?"
	The Sasami's took another step forward.
	"Will the Sasami who blackmailed me into giving her my purple
starfire necklace, please step forward?"
	Five Sasami's took a step.
	"Now we're getting somewhere,"  TLTH Aeka said smugly.
	"All right...Would the Sasami who glued Mihoshi's hand to
her head take another step please?"
	The Sasami's paused and looked at one another.  Finally, one
of them stepped forward with a "Darn."
	Aeka grinned triumphantly and placed an OAV sticker on her
sister's outfit.  "Now for the next one..."
	Nine more Sasami's grinned at the two Aeka's.
	"This is going to be bad,"  TLTH Aeka remarked with a sigh.

	Tenchi stepped into Washu's lab and gasped in surprise.
"Wow," he breathed as he took it all in.  The lab had been
completely redecorated.  It looked like an immense banquet hall!
Decorated Christmas trees were set against the wall, and a huge
tree stood in the center.  Tables had been set up and set for
dinner.  Against one wall was a stage and Washu's "Washumatic
Karaoke 5000" machine.  Holiday music was playing in the background.
It looked like the lab was preparing for a very large party.
	"Hey, Tenchi!"
	He turned and found one of the Washu's there.  She had a
sticker on her uniform that said, "OAV."
	"Hi, Washu.  What's with the sticker?"
	"Just a way to keep track of everyone."  She quickly stuck
one on his chest just like hers.
	"I take it you think there's going to be too many of us to
keep track of," Tenchi stated with an air of uncertainty.
	"Heh heh heh..."  was all Washu would say.
	Tenchi sighed.  "So this is where the big party is going to
be, huh?"
	"Yep!  Can't have everyone pile into that tiny living room
of ours!"
	Tenchi sighed again.
	"Don't worry, Tenchi!  It'll be fun!  I promise!"

	"Really?!"  Aeka asked excitedly.  "You're sure!?"
	Masami shrugged.  "Yeah.  I mean they have a kid together..."
	"REALLY?!"
	He blinked again.  "Yeah...Ayechi...Didn't you know?"
	"That's wonderful!"  Aeka cried in glee.  Finally!  Finally,
she had found *one* universe where she and Tenchi were together!
And not only that, together with a *child*!
	Ecstatic, she reached out and enveloped Masami in a hug.
Masami "oomph"'d as the princess crushed the wind out of him.
<She must take after her mother,> he thought.
	"Thank you!  Thank you!"  Aeka cried.
	"Um...No problem, Princess," he said, blushing a little.
Aeka released him and ran to find her sister, the one married to
Tenchi.
	Masami watched her go.  Suddenly, he heard an irate feminine
voice behind him clear her throat.  He gulped and turned.
	"H..Hi, Yumi,"  he said nervously.
	His Jurain girlfriend, Yumi, glared arrows at him.
	"It's not what you think!"  Masami said quickly.
	"Hmmph!"  was all Yumi would say before stalking away.
	"Yumi!  I'm sorry!"  he called after her as he began to
pursue.  "Dammit," he muttered.
	As he ran, he passed Davner, Derai, and a Tenchi with a
nametag that read, "DJ."  The men were standing around the
refreshment table in the banquet hall, "sampling the drinks to
make sure they were appropriately festive," as Davner had put it.
	"Now, the trick is," Davner explained to Derai, "is to treat
her like a woman."  DJ Tenchi only smiled, shook his head, and
sipped at his drink.  "I'm telling you, there isn't a man in her
life who's done that for her.  Present company excepted, of
course,"  he drawled a second later, gesturing to Tenchi.
	"Of course,"  DJ Tenchi told him.
	"Not a'tall as easy, lad,"  Derai told him in his brogue.
"I wouldna know where ta even begin!"
	"Why don't you just ask her to have dinner with you?"
DJ Tenchi asked.
	"Och, laddie!  I canna do such a thing!  What if she said
me no!?"
	"Okay,"  Davner said, "here's what you do.  Watch this."
He cleared his throat and waved, calling out across the room.
"Neria, darl'n!"  Not too far away, one of the other Aeka's looked
up from a conversation she was having with a Kiyone and Seion.
"Could I trouble you for a second, Neria?"
	DB Aeka walked up to him.  "Davner?  Is something wrong?"
	Before she could react, Davner grabbed her and began
whispering something in her ear.  Derai and DJ Tenchi watched
puzzled as DB Aeka's face got redder and redder.  Suddenly, she
gasped and fainted away.  Davner caught her as naturally as if
he'd been doing it for years.
	He carried her to a nearby chair and laid her in it.  Derai
and DJ Tenchi just blinked in astonishment.
	"What did ye say to her, lad?!"  Derai demanded.
	Davner grinned.  "Okay, but you have to promise you won't
tell another living soul save your Aeka."
	"Och, ye have me promise!  On me own sword I swear it!"
	Davner leaned up and whispered in Derai's ear.  The man's
eyes widened in shock, his mouth hung open in astonishment.
	"ARE YE DAFT, MAN!  I CANNA SAY SUCH A DAMN FOOL THING TO
HER!"
	"You'd be surprised,"  Davner drawled with a grin.  "Go
on."  He pointed at the Aeka across the room, the one with the
TLTH nametag.
	"Are ye sure?"  Derai asked nervously.
	"Aye,"  Davner said, grinning as he imitated his new
friend's accent.  "To be sure!"
	Derai took a deep breath, steeled himself, and walked
forward.  TLTH Aeka saw him and smiled.
	"Derai.  Is something wrong?"
	"No, Princess, I just wanted to...um...Well..."  He turned
back and saw Davner and DJ Tenchi shooing him forward.
	TLTH Aeka just blinked.  Finally, Derai grabbed her.
TLTH Aeka cried in surprise.  Before she could say anything, he
was whispering in her ear.
	He finished and pulled away as if scalded.  TLTH Aeka just
stared at him, her face as red as a ripe tomato.  She cleared her
throat.
	"Well..." she began.  "I...I think...um.....Derai, I...."
She flailed about for a minute before saying.
"IthinkVelliscallingme!"  and running off, tripping over a chair
on her way.  She quickly stood up, muttered an "I'm terribly
sorry," to the Mihoshi who had been sitting there, and running as
fast as her feet would carry her.
	Derai's face fell.  He turned to the two men and sighed.
	"Excellent work, my friend!"  Davner exclaimed.
	"She ran,"  he told her.
	"Yeah, they all do that,"  the Mollidoni assured him.  "The
point is, she now knows how you feel, and she *didn't* slap you."
He grinned.  "She can't be *too* offended by the idea if she didn't
slap you."
	Derai blinked, the barest hint of a smile touching his face.

	Aeka opened the door to her room and stopped suddenly.  "Oh,
I'm sorry to intrude!"  she whispered quickly.
	DJ Aeka smiled at her as she rocked Ayechi, feeding him
from a bottle.  "You're not intruding.  I just wanted to find a
quiet place to feed him.  I hope you don't mind."
	"Not at all,"  Aeka assured her.  She watched as DJ Aeka
continued to feed Ayechi.  "Um...May I ask a terribly personal
favor?"
	DJ Aeka looked up and nodded.
	"Can I feed him?"  Aeka asked quietly.
	DJ Aeka smiled and gently placed the infant in Aeka's arms,
showing her how to hold him.  Soon, Aeka was gently rocking him
back and forth.
	They looked out the window just in time to see Yumi and Masami
marching into the front yard, Masami begging Yumi  to stop and
listen to him.  Yumi responded by wadding up some snow and throwing
it in his face.
	"Those two again,"  DJ Aeka giggled.  "Excuse me, but do you
think you can feed my son while I go down and make peace between
those two?"
	Aeka nodded.  DJ Aeka walked out of the room.  She looked
down at the baby in her arms and smiled.
	"Hello there, little prince," she cooed softly.  "So you're
what my son would look like, huh?  Is this your first Christmas?"
Ayechi said nothing and continued to suck at the bottle.  Aeka
smiled.  She turned as she heard a knock at the door.
	Tenchi, her Tenchi, was standing there.  "Oh, sorry," he
said.  "I was looking for my Aeka."
	Aeka blinked, then realized that Ayechi was blocking Tenchi's
view of her nametag.  He thought she was DJ Aeka.  "Oh, Tenchi,
I'm..."
	"He certainly is cute, isn't he?"  Tenchi said softly, looking
at Ayechi.
	Aeka followed his gaze and smiled, nodding.
	"I'm not really sure what my life is going to be like," he
whispered, trying not to disturb the infant.  "But I like to
think that a baby like Ayechi will be a part of it."
	Tears actually pooled up in Aeka's eyes.  To hear him say
that.  To hear him say that he hoped to have a son just like
Ayechi.  For the first time all day, she felt a little hope.
	Tenchi smiled.  "Or a daughter like little Achika," he said,
naming DB Ryoko and DB Tenchi's daughter.  Aeka's heart sank.
Even in other universes, she was in competition with Ryoko.
	"Well, I better get back downstairs.  Could you tell my
Aeka that Washu is looking for her?"
	"Yes, of course," Aeka replied woodenly.
	Tenchi paused for a moment, then walked out of the room.
	Aeka looked down at the infant and smiled.  "You're a very
lucky little boy to have a father like him," she told him.  "And
from the look of things, very lucky to be at all.  That makes you
more precious than anything on this Earth."

	"It's this way,"  Masami huffed as he walked up the shrine
steps, dragging Yumi along with him.
	"This was a wonderful idea, Masami," she told him.  "The
sunset over the Masaki Valley in winter is simply wonderful."
	"Thought you'd like the idea," Masami said with a grin.
The two had long since made up after a few diplomatic words from
their Aeka.  "Right this way,"  he said.
	The two cleared the hill and stopped, blinking in shock at
the sight that met them.
	There must have been twenty different couples already
sitting on blankets laid out on the hillside, getting ready to
watch the sunset.
	"Figures,"  Masami muttered.  "If it's beautiful in one
universe...."
	"It's beautiful in them all,"  Yumi finished.  "Come on!
Let's find a spot!"
	"Yumi!  Masami!  Over here!"
	They turned and found their Aeka and Tenchi waving to them.
They quickly threaded their way through the couples, Masami taking
notes on them as he went.
	"Seion and Mihoshi, Kamidake and Mihoshi, Ryoko and Tenchi,
Ryoko and Tenchi, Ryoko and Tenchi, Ryoko and Tenchi..."
	He was still listing couples as they sat down.  DJ Aeka had
heard the later three quarters of his list and nodded nervously.
"I feel like the odd man out," she told them.
	"So what do you think of them?"  DJ Tenchi asked her.
	DJ Aeka looked around.  "They seem nice.  No different
than us."  She suddenly reached out and hugged him.
	DJ Tenchi blinked.  "What was that for?"  he asked with a
smile.
	DJ Aeka sighed.  "It's hard for you to understand, I guess,"
she said.  "But being here, seeing that I'm the *only* Aeka in
*any* universe who ever married you...It makes you that much more
special."
	He smiled and gave her a quick kiss.
	"Yeah, I can see what you mean,"  Masami spoke up.  "I
talked to this universe's Aeka today.  Turns out that here, you
haven't decided yet, Tenchi."
	DJ Tenchi blinked.  "Wow.  I wonder what's keeping me?"
	Masami shrugged.  "All I know is that this universe's Aeka
was pretty relieved to see that one of her had gotten you."
	"I met her,"  DJ Aeka said.  "She looked after Ayechi for
me this afternoon."
	"Where is Ayechi?"  Yumi asked.
	"With Sasami,"  DJ Aeka told her.
	DJ Tenchi looked up and waved.  "Hey, Davner!  Aeka!  Over
here!  Join us!"
	The group was soon joined by Davner and DB Aeka, who found
places next to them.  Introductions were made, and the discussion
turned back to comparing the different lives they had lived.
	"No offense to you, Tenchi,"  Davner drawled, "But because
of you, there's a me in your universe crying into a shot glass."
He grinned.
	"Tough, I saw her first,"  DJ Tenchi replied.
	"Awww!"  DB Aeka cried, looking at a holograph of Ayechi
DJ Aeka was showing her.  "He's adorable!  I have to meet him!"
	"He's my little prince,"  DJ Aeka told her.
	"These are mine,"  DB Aeka said, opening a small, golden
case.  A holograph opened up, showing Davner and DB Aeka each
holding a baby.  "Arin and Elara.  Our twins."
	"Awwwww!"  DJ Aeka and Yumi cried.
	"I can top that!"  a Ryoko with a nametag that said, "RL,"
landing next to them.  She pulled out a polaroid.  "Yui's baby
pictures."
	"AWWWWWWWW!!!"
	"I'll see that, and raise you an Achika!"  DB Ryoko announced,
showing the group another polaroid of a small infant with dark hair
and yellow eyes.
	"Oh?  And have you met Vell?"  TLTH Aeka asked, getting into
the fray with a holograph of her adopted son.
	"*AWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!*"
	From not far away, they heard Seion mimicking Aeka's accent.
"My Vell could kick your Yui's ass!"
	This was followed by a slap from Mihoshi and a "Seion Makibi!"
	What began as one couple's desire to see the sunset, quickly
turned into a party as each couple showed off their pride and joy.

	"Ladies and gentlemen!"  OAV Washu sounded into the
microphone up on the main stage in the lab.  "Before we exchange
presents, my colleagues and I thought we'd have a little fun!"
	"DEAR GOD!  RUN!"  Seion cried from somewhere in the back.
Everyone in the banquet hall laughed.
	"No, Seion, not that kind of fun.  No samples today!"
	Twelve Tenchi's sighed in relief.
	"No, tonight we have something else in mind!  Ladies and
gentlemen...the very first...ANNUAL CHRISTMAS TRANSDIMENSIONAL ALL
COMERS WELCOME *KARAOKE CONTEST*!!!!"
	Silence.
	A cricket chirped as they all stared at Washu.
	Someone in the back coughed.
	OAV Washu began to sweat.
	Finally, a heroic blonde broke the silence.
	"YAY!  A KARAOKE CONTEST!!  Kiyone, let's duet together!"
	"Ack!  Hey!  I'm not your Kiyone!"
	"Yeah, she's *my* Kiyone!  She's gonna sing with *me*!"
	Washu heaved a sigh of relief.  Crisis averted.
	OAV Aeka worked her way through the crowd, looking for her
sister.  She knew that Sasami was crafty and mischievous enough
on her own.  She shuddered to think of the powers at the disposal
of ten or twelve of them.
	She bumped into TLTH Aeka purely on accident.  "Oh, Aeka!
Great!  We've been looking for you!"
	OAV Aeka blinked.  "What for?"
	TLTH Aeka pointed at a small group of purple-tressed
princesses.  "We're going to do a group number.  Come on!"  She
began pulling her OAV counterpart towards the crowd of Aeka's.
	"A group number?  Wait!  Perhaps..."
	"Come on, Aeka!  Live a little!"  DB Aeka threw in as they
approached.  "It'll be fun."
	Aeka looked at the assembled Aeka's.  Along with TLTH Aeka
and DB Aeka, there was an Aeka with an RL name tag and DJ Aeka.
	"I don't know..."  OAV Aeka said uncertainly.
	"Tough,"  DB Aeka said, taking one of her arms.  "Let's go
rehearse."
	"Wait just a second!"  OAV Aeka cried.
	"No time,"  TLTH Aeka told her.  "Come along."

	Tenchi picked up a plate with red and white Christmas carrot
cake and a fork.  He turned just in time to see the lights dim and
three Mihoshi's standing up on stage.  A bouncy tune began to play,
one that Tenchi found familiar, yet couldn't place.
	It became even more familiar as the Mihoshi in the center
began to sing.

	"'The morning sun is rising
	I need to hear your voice again
	I cannot forgive the ones who tried to steal our dreams
	The lights across the bay at night
	We won't quit until we've won the fight
	Let the anger change the world and set us all free."

	"Look at the speed
	Look at the strength
	Power that's like the sun
	A flash of light it's might for right
	MOLDIVER OUR VICTORY!!!"

	Tenchi face faulted, sighed, and said, "Of course..."  He took
a few bites of the cake and walked towards the mammoth Christmas
tree set in the center of the hall.  He wondered where Washu found
such a huge tree, and decided that she probably genetically
engineered it or something.  He could see several Washu's dressed
as elves inspecting gifts underneath it.  One thing was for sure,
this was by far the oddest Christmas yet.
	"Oh, TEN-CHIIIIIII!!!"  was the only warning he got before
being glomped a Ryoko wearing a Santa hat.  She grinned at him as
her arms wrapped around him.
	"Merry Christmas, Ryoko," he greeted her, simultaneously
checking her nametag and making sure she was his Ryoko.
	"Merry Christmas, Tenchi," she purred.  "Looking for presents
under the tree?"  With a smile, she released him and stretched
out under the tree's branches.  She plucked a bow off a nearby
gift and placed it on her chest.
	Tenchi suppressed a nose-bleed.  "Um...Just looking at the
tree," he explained.  "It's beautiful, isn't it?"
	Ryoko vanished and reappeared next to him.  "Yes," she told
him.  "I've never seen anything like it."
	Tenchi nodded.
	Ryoko grinned.  "And speaking of stuff I've never seen before,
There's someone I want you to meet."  She took his hand and began
dragging him toward another table.  Soon, he found himself standing
next to a chair containing a lean, dark-haired girl about his age.
She looked oddly familiar, but he couldn't place her.
	"Um...Hi," he said.
	"Hello," she said, gesturing to a seat.
	"Tenchi Masaki,"  Ryoko said with a grin, "I'd like you to
meet...Tenchi Masaki."
	Tenchi blinked.  He looked at the girl's nametag, but only
saw the letters, "BM," on it.  The girl blinked back at him.  Ryoko
sat on the other side of the table, next to a Kiyone.
	"Um...Are you sure?"  Tenchi asked.
	Ryoko grinned.
	"It's nice to meet you, Tenchi,"  Female Tenchi told him,
offering him a hand.
	"Yeah, nice to...oops!"  While reaching out to shake her hand,
the two Tenchi's knocked over their drinks, which splashed over the
table and struck Kiyone and Ryoko.
	"Oh!  Sorry!"  Both Tenchi's cried at once, taking
handkerchiefs out of their pockets.  They leaned over to wipe up
the mess and bumped heads.  "Ow!"  they cried.  They stopped and
bowed to each other.  "Gomen nas...Ow!"  the cried again as they
knocked heads again.
	"Yup,"  Ryoko said.  "Definitely Tenchi's."
	"Okay, now this is just eerie,"  Kiyone commented.

	Just as Tenchi was finishing wiping up the mess he had made,
he felt a hand on his shoulder.  Looking up he saw one of Aeka's
husbands, the guy with the accent.  It took a minute for the name
to surface.
	"Oh, hi, Davner.  Something wrong?"
	The Mollidoni smiled down at him.  "Nuth'n particularly," he
drawled.  "However, we have been summoned."
	"Er...Summoned?"  Tenchi asked, a lump forming in his throat.
	Davner's smile broadened.  "Summoned," he repeated.  He took
the boy's arm and led him towards the stage.  Tenchi found that a
group of men were standing there, waiting, including one of him, a
Tenchi with a "DJ" on his nametag.
	"Um...What's going on?"
	The tall man, Derai, shrugged.  "Ya got me on dat one, laddy.
We were summ'n'd here same as you."
	"Yes, it's all quite mysterious,"  another man in Jurain
dress with mid-length hair noted.
	Tenchi bowed to him.  "I'm sorry, we haven't met.
Tenchi Masaki...er...OAV Tenchi Masaki, I guess I should say."
	The Jurain smiled.  "Shoji Takazawa, Lord Tenchi.  It's a
pleasure to meet you."
	Davner took a look at the men assembled and grinned.  "Anyone
else see a pattern here?"
	DJ Tenchi and OAV Tenchi blinked in puzzlement.  "What do you
mean?" they asked in unison.
	Before anyone could respond, the curtain opened.  Standing on
stage in five separate spotlights were five separate Aeka's.

	"I can't be responsible,"  DJ Aeka sang into her microphone.
	"For anything I do now or say now," DB Aeka joined in.
	"I get too excitable,"  TLTH followed.
	"To control the way I behave now,"  OAV Aeka sang.
	"I'm afraid of what I'll do!"  Aeka's RL counterpart jumped in.
	"If I find myself alone with you!"
	"It's just a crime of passion, baby!"
	"Don't hold it against me!"
	"I'm innocent!"
	"I'm just OUT OF MY MIND!"  all five finished.
	"I plead insanity!"  the all sang.
	"Whoa I'm so mad about you,"
	"I can't think straight,"
	"I can't see straight,"
	"I plead insanity!"  They pointed down at the assembled men.
	"All I do is obsess about you!"
	"I can't work days,"
	"I can't sleep nights!"
	"I plead insanity!"

	He blinked dumbfounded as five Aeka's continued their serenade.
Finally, the music ended.
	The entire banquet hall erupted in applause.  Tenchi found
himself among them.  The various Aeka's began hopping down from the
stage with help from their "better halves."
	"Tenchi."  He looked up and saw his Aeka smiling down at him.
He reached up and helped her down.  "Thank you."
	"Aeka...you were great up there!"  he told her sincerely.
	"Thank you, Lord Tenchi!  It was fun."
	As she said this, DJ Aeka leapt into her husband's arms and
kissed him.  There was an awkward pause between OAV Tenchi and Aeka.
	"Well...um..." Tenchi stammered.  "It was wonderful,
Miss Aeka.  Um...I think I should go see how Sasami's doing..."
	"I sang for you, Tenchi," she told him quickly, but he was
already lost in the crowd.  She sighed.  "I sang for you," she said
again softly.

	"Well,"  DB Aeka noted to her fellow singers, "I think we have
that one locked up."
	"Dream on, Aeka,"  DB Ryoko told her.  "Just wait till they
hear me!"
	"Hmmph!  We'll see."
	TLTH Aeka saw her OAV counterpart with a saddened expression
and took her aside.  "Aeka, are you all right?"
	"Yes, of course,"  Aeka said quickly.  "I guess it's just
holiday depression."
	It didn't take long for TLTH Aeka to make the connection.
"Aeka, you shouldn't give up hope.  It's Christmas.  A time for
miracles."
	OAV Aeka smiled.  "You're right, of course."
	TLTH Aeka smiled and hugged her.  "You know, when it became
apparent that I was going to lose Tenchi...I honestly contemplated
suicide."
	OAV Aeka blinked in shock.  She knew that her feelings for
Tenchi were deep, but even she hadn't even *thought* of suicide if
she lost Tenchi.
	TLTH Aeka nodded.  "So I know that it hurts to think about
losing him.  I know about the fear.  I know how you cry at night
at the thought of him choosing Ryoko.  I know all of it."
	OAV Aeka just stared at her.  She was right.  Right about
all of it.  "What will I do without him?"  she asked softly.
	TLTH Aeka smiled.  "Live," she said.  Before she could say
anymore, Vell ran up and jumped into her arms.
	"Ka Sha!"
	"Vell!  And where have you been?!"
	OAV Aeka watched as her TLTH counterpart questioned her
adopted son about his whereabouts.  She couldn't help but smile at
seeing how happy they were.  Perhaps...

	The next group of singers was singing a slow song, and
Shoji Takazawa naturally wanted to dance with his wife.  Searching
the crowd, he found her, facing away from him, speaking with a
group of Aeka's.  He smiled and reached out, taking her arm and
twirling her into his arms.
	"What the..." Aeka cried.
	Before she could say anymore, he whispered softly to her.
"Merry Christmas, Aeka."
	Then he kissed her.
	Aeka's eyes went wide.
	Someone cleared their throat behind them.  Shoji turned to
find the man he had met earlier, Davner, standing there.
	"Excuse me,"  Davner drawled slowly, "Please don't take this
the wrong way, but what the *hell* do you think you're doing with
my wife?"
	Shoji looked down at the woman he was holding, who was
staring up at him in shock.  A pair of dark pink ear rings hung
from her ear lobes, and the nametag on her chest read, "DB."
	Shoji's face turned a deep shade of red.
	"Shoji?!"
	He turned and saw *his* Aeka staring at him from not far
away.
	"Oh dear," he muttered.  He quickly straightened the young
woman and bowed to her.  "I am so sorry, Your Highness.  I meant
no disrespect."
	DB Aeka was red with embarrassment, and said nothing.
	Shoji turned to Davner.  "You have my sincerest apologies,
Davner.  No offense was intended."
	Davner shook his head and smiled.  "None taken."  He reached
back and balled his fist for a punch.
	DB Aeka jumped between them and grabbed his arm.  "DAVNER!"
	Not far away, Kamidake suddenly found himself under attack.
He yelped as a young woman in a GP uniform grabbed him around the
waist.  "Er...Excuse me, young lady?!"
	A petite, green-haired woman with purple eyes grinned up at
him.  "Why so shy, Kamidake?"
	"Hey!"  a Mihoshi with blue warpaint on her face cried out.
"What are you doing to my boyfriend?!"
	"He's not your boyfriend!"  Megumi shot back.  She pointed
at Seion, necking with a Mihoshi not far away.  "That's your
boyfriend!"
	"That's not my boyfriend!"  the painted Mihoshi told her.
	Another Mihoshi pushed through the crowd and saw Seion and
the other Mihoshi.  "THAT'S *MY* BOYFRIEND!!!"
	Seion looked up and blinked before squeezing his eyes shut in
pain.  "Awwwww.....CRAP!"
	On the outskirts of this formenting battle, Tenchi felt Washu
grab his hand and begin to drag him under a nearby table.  "C'mon,
Tenchi!  This is going to get worse before it gets any better!"
	Tenchi followed Washu under a banquet table just as the fight
got started.  He could only see running feet and hear the sound of
angry shouts from his hiding place.  Three more Washu's joined
them under the table, along with his Aeka and Ryoko.
	"Now *THIS* is a party!"  Ryoko exclaimed with a grin.
	They tensed as OAV Mihoshi came flying under the table,
crying.  "THIS ISN'T SUPPOSED TO BE A BAR BRAWL!!!"  she cried.
	Somewhere out there, glass was breaking.
	Tenchi sighed.  "Washu," he said softly, "As I hide here,
I can't help but comment that maybe Kami sama divided us into
different dimensions for a *good reason*."
	The Washu's glared at him.  "Oh sure!"  she shot back.  "It
always comes back to that, doesn't it?!  Kami sama doesn't want us
to fly, Washu!  Kami sama doesn't want you to break the speed of
tachyons, Washu!  Kami sama doesn't want you to blow up suns with
a phased tachyon rifle, Washu!  Kami sama forbid you should bring
some other us's from other dimensions and throw them into one place
for a party without preparing them, Washu!  You know, it's
attitudes like that that keep your race from reaching space and
having some *real* fun!"
	"YEAH!"  the other three Washu's chimed in.
	Tenchi sighed.
	"Well...what a Christmas this has been,"  Aeka muttered.
	"Yeah!  Ain't it great?!"  Ryoko asked.  She was interrupted
by the sound of someone landing on the table they were hiding under.
	"Sure it was good for you,"  Aeka told her.  "Look at the
odds!"
	"I don't know, Aeka.  Look how you did."
	Aeka blinked.  "What do you mean?"
	"Aeka,"  Ryoko said in shock, "Take a look for yourself.  You
got two guys out there beating the crap out of one another over
*you*.  Another one is obviously smitten by you.  And one of them
is *MY* Tenchi!"
	Aeka blinked as she realized Ryoko was right.  She was so
surprised that Ryoko could make a valid point, she totally missed
the "My Tenchi," part of her argument.
	"Well," she admitted, "It *is* kind of nice..."
	Mihoshi giggled.  "How about the two who are fighting over
me?!"
	"Actually, Mihoshi, it looks like there are more of *you*
fighting out there than your respective boyfriends,"  Aeka pointed
out.
	"Oh...Well, it's *almost* the same thing!"
	From not far away, a table was flipped over.
	"What do you think of them?"  Aeka asked.
	"Well...They're a lot like us.  Some of them are just plain
*weird*, though,"  Ryoko commented.
	"Did you know Tenchi's a woman in one universe?"  Mihoshi
asked.
	"We've met,"  Tenchi said sheepishly.
	"No!  Not my collection of Mandalorian fungi!!!"  Washu cried
as a tank of blue-green fungus was knocked over.
	"So what do we do now?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"I guess we wait for them to tire out,"  Ryoko began,
"Then...when they're all sleepy....we *GET 'EM!*"
	"But I forgot my gun!"  Mihoshi blubbered.
	"Why don't we just wait for it to quiet down a little and
then get out of here?"  Tenchi suggested.
	Before the others could either ratify this plan or reject
it, they heard a soft voice begin to sing.

	"Silent night...
	Holy night..."

	Aeka looked out from under the table.  "SASAMI!"
	Up on stage, a mic in her hand, Sasami continued to sing.

	"All is calm...
	All is bright..."

	The single soft voice became many as three more Sasami's joined
her on that stage.

	"'Round yon virgin Mother and Child...
	Holy infant so tender and mild..."

	The sounds of fighting began to fade as more blue-haired
children joined the choir onstage.

	"Sleep in heavenly peace..."

	Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, Mihoshi, and Washu crawled out from under
the table. What they saw shocked them.  Everyone in the banquet hall
was standing stock still, staring up at the stage.

	"Sleep in heavenly peace..."

	Silence pervaded the room.  From the back, someone began to
clap.  This was followed by more clapping.  Soon, the hall was filled,
not with angry brawlers, but with smiling men and women, applauding
a wonderful, soulful performance.
	The Sasami's all smiled and bowed from the waist in thanks.
	"Kami sama,"  Tenchi breathed.  "It's a miracle."
	"A Christmas miracle,"  Aeka affirmed.

	Davner shook the young man's hand.  "Tenchi, if you and the
Misses are ever in our dimension, come look us up."
	"Yes,"  DB Aeka agreed.  "We'd love for little Ayechi to meet
the twins."
	DJ Tenchi smiled and nodded.  "Then it's settled.  I'll talk
to Washu as soon as we get back."
	"It'll be nice to see the palace again,"  DJ Aeka noted.
"Even if it's not our own."
	"Hey, Davner,"  Masami piped in.  "I got you and Aeka a
Christmas gift."  He held up a Sasami, bound and gagged in Christmas
ribbon.  "Caught them switching nametags around so that we couldn't
go home."
	Davner grinned and held up another Sasami in a similar state.
"Yeah, me too.  Merry Christmas."  The two exchanged princesses.
	"See you around, Davner,"  Masami told him.
	"You too."

	"I'm rather sorry to go,"  TLTH Aeka told her OAV counterpart
as they walked toward the dimensional portal.  "This was a lot of
fun.  I really needed this."
	"It was a joy to have you,"  OAV Aeka told her.  "And please,
feel free to visit anytime."
	TLTH Aeka smiled.  "I will.  I'm sure Vell would enjoy seeing
his Aunty Aeka."
	OAV Aeka felt a surge pride.  "Thank you."
	TLTH Aeka reached out and hugged her.  "Merry Christmas,
Sister."
	"Merry Christmas,"  OAV Aeka whispered back.
	They watched as Derai walked past them, giving TLTH Aeka a
quick look and swiftly turning away before walking through the
portal.
	"I have a feeling about this Christmas,"  TLTH Aeka mused.
She smiled at her "sister."  "And you?"
	OAV Aeka smiled.  "I think it's going to be a wonderful
Christmas indeed."

	OAV Sasami waved as another of her sisters/co-conspirators
disappeared through the door.  "Bye!  Come back soon!"
	She sighed.  It had been a great Christmas party, and she had
met a lot of other Sasami's.  It felt more like a reunion than a
party.  Even so, she was a little disappointed.  Out of all the
Sasami's she's met, there had been very little difference between all
of them.  Aeka and Ryoko got to meet husbands and friends and other
selves who had changed so much.
	She backed up and hit someone.  She turned, intent on
apologizing.  She paused when she saw who she had bumped into.
	A tall, blue-haired woman with pink eyes stared down at her.
Sasami looked and saw that her name tag said, "TLA."  She didn't
recall meeting a Sasami from that universe.
	"Hi,"  her own voice greeted her.
	"Hi!"  Sasami said excitedly.  "We didn't meet at the party."
	The older Sasami shook her head.  "No, we arrived late."
	"Oh.  Do you have to leave so soon?"  Sasami asked sadly.
Just when she had met an older version of herself, she was leaving.
	"I'm afraid so," the older princess told her.  "You have a
merry Christmas, Sasami.  Believe me, each one is special."
	This last statement scared Sasami a bit.  "Is everything okay?"
she asked.
	"It's time to go, Sasami," a dark-haired man told TLA Sasami,
resting his hands on her shoulders.
	"All right.  I'm coming."  She turned back to Sasami as the
man turned away again.  She smiled.  "Everything's fine now."
	Sasami smiled as her older self and the man stepped through
the portal.

	"Washu, you have to promise me here and now that you'll never
do that again,"  Tenchi told the petite scientist.
	Washu sighed.  "Very well, Tenchi.  I promise never to invite
other dimensional us's here for a Christmas party ever again."
	"You swear?"  Tenchi asked.  "We almost lost the house...
again..."
	"I swear!"
	Tenchi sighed.  "Okay."  He turned and walked off.
	Washu turned to Mihoshi and Sasami, who were standing a few
feet away.  "I wonder what they're all doing for Labor Day?"  she
asked with a grin.
	"YAY!"  Mihoshi and Sasami cried.

	Tenchi found Aeka standing out on the dock, looking out at
the lake.  The moon was high in the sky.  It was very late.  She
didn't turn to him.
	"Aeka?"  he called out softly.
	She turned.  "Lord Tenchi?"
	"Are you okay?"
	She smiled in the moonlight.  "I'm fine, Lord Tenchi.  The
party was absolutely wonderful."
	"It was definitely....different," he told her.
	She laughed.  "That it was."
	"It was fun, though," he added.
	She smiled.  "Did you get anything interesting for Christmas,
Tenchi?"
	"Usual stuff," he said.  "A few shirts from my aunt.  Hentai
from my dad...."
	Aeka giggled and blushed slightly.  Tenchi smiled.
	"What about you?"  he asked.  "What did you get for
Christmas?"
	She looked at him for a moment, then looked up at the stars.
"Hope, Tenchi," she told him quietly.  "Hope."
	"That is what Christmas is all about, Aeka," he told her.
"Hope."
	The two stared up at the stars, oblivious to the cold, as
Christmas Eve night gave way to Christmas Day...


Author's Notes:

I trust you were able to spot your favorite fic characters easily
enough.  :)  If not, here are the translations.

TLTH - To Love and To Hate
DJ - Dark Juraian
RL - Ryoko's Love
DB - Destiny's Balance
TLA - The Last Avatar
BM - Bishonen Muyo

"I Plead Insanity" is the property of Belinda Carlisle.  The
Moldiver theme is the property of Pioneer.

Once again, I'd like to thank the various authors of the fics
used in this holiday celebration.  You guys are great.  ^_^

Please send any C&C to Thomas "009" Doscher at doscher009@hotmail.com

Thanks, and have a happy holiday.  ^_^
