Tenchi Muyo and all items related to it are a product of AIC and/or Pioneer (can 
someone please tell me who owns them).  I do not own any of these characters and 
don't have any
money so suing is probably pointless right around now.

 Ugh...DBZ is a product of Funimation (I'm tried of asking so don't worry about 
it), and lets not forget that I don't plan on either of these companies to use 
my ideas (let me out, let me out,
LET ME OUT) and if they do, they need my permission first.  Now for the 
story...or introduction first.

 All right now...I got my ideas for the next few episodes now and I've been 
writing like crazy and I'm not going to stop because basically, this is fun (and 
for those of you who don't like
this story, tough).  For a brief incept of the story, gang met a new friend, 
they got to know him, Mihoshi's grandfather showed for a visit, pretty simple.  
Now, lets see what happens
(although I know what happens for the next several episodes, tee hee).

 

                                                                                
******************

 Somewhere out in space, hundreds of spaceship are passing a small planet.  
Behind them, is one big spaceship, it makes the smaller ship look like ants.

 Inside the large ship, there are hundreds of cat-like creatures standing in 
front of a throne, in the throne, a lone figure sits.  The figure's body is 
sleek and beautiful besides for the fact
that she looks like a cat with a human's figure.  She stands up, and announces 
to the entire room, "Fellow Katarang!  A great evil in our society has appeared 
to us (hisses)!  We must
stand firm to our new enemy, being as our Lord Frieza perished two thousand 
years ago!  As you all have known, on their mission to destroy the leader of the 
Galaxy Police, and any
remnants on that planet, they encountered a sole survivor of the saiyan race 
(boo's all around)!  They engaged the monkey, and were completely wiped out!  
Before their death, they
gave one final call, saying that now only was there a saiyan there, but their 
sensors indicated another powerful source!  Although the power was faint, in was 
known to be that of a
Juraien, not any Juraien, but that of royal blood!  As always, your main goal is 
to destroy the saiyan, but if anybody gets in your way, deal with them as you 
would to all those that have
killed a member of our race!  I have already sent out twenty of our more 
powerful warriors, if they return, we shall go around with our plan by wiping 
out all remnants of the Juraien royal
family, and continuing our plan of entire universal domination (cheers erupt)!  
If they fail, we will launch an assault on the household, and will most surely 
wipe out all those that face in
our way (more cheers)!  THERE WILL BE HELL TO PAY!  (cheers get louder as a 
smaller ship is seen streaking at remarkable speeds)

 

                            ****************

 It's another hot day on Earth, especially in Japan.  It's so hot not even 
Tenchi will go out to the field to work.  Everyone except Washu is lounging on 
the porch, most of them asleep. 
Sasami is trying to stay awake, but she's slowly losing, and the ice in her 
water have almost melted, so why stay awake.  She slowly lies back, placing the 
straw hat of hers over her eyes,
and closing them.  

 "Damn, I wish we lived closer to a beach or something, this hot weather is too 
much for me," Ryoko says.

 "I hear ya.  Man, I remember of a planet call Abasion that had the best 
beaches.  Twin suns, sandy beaches, water you could see for miles, women to die 
for (he makes an hourglass
symbol with his hands), contests held every day..."

 "...monsters that could swallow you in a bite," Ayeka butts in.

 "Oh yeah," he looks to the sky and has visions of the many times he went to the 
planet, each of them having to fend off attacks by large squid like creatures, 
and giant sea serpents, "ah,
those were the days."

 "Yeah, you had to be strong back then," Ryoko says.  Noboyouki is just walking 
to the door when he hears Ryoko say, "hey Tenchi, you think your dad can take us 
to the beach, it's
only an three hour drive," everyone sits up when they hear the sounds of tire 
wheels screeching, obviously being crammed in a car with eight people, three of 
which could destroy the
car in an instant, and with their tempers they would, was too much for Noboyouki 
to handle.  Everyone groans and lays back down.

 "All right everyone, grab your swimsuits, we're going to the beach," they look 
up to see Washu holding a box in her hands, she already has on a bathing suit.

 "What are you talking about Washu," Tenchi asks.

 "Welllll...this box I have here can instantly teleport us to any section in the 
universe, it was some little thing I made up because it was a bit too hot."

 "That's great Washu, finally something useful that doesn't involve one of us," 
Ryoko says running into the house.  Everyone also runs into the house, heading 
up the stairs.

 

 

 They are all standing at the edge of the porch, Tenchi and Broka are in regular 
boxer shorts, Ayeka and Sasami have a one-piece bathing suit on, Sasami's is 
blue, Ayeka's is white. 
Mihoshi and Ryoko have two-piece bathing suits on, except theirs are a little 
revealing, Tenchi is looking at the ground.

 "Well, here we go," she throws the box out, and it transforms into a doorway.  
Everyone steps through it, the dimension they go through is purple with blue 
streaks.  A door is at the
other end, and they step through it.  When they come out, all of their eyes 
bulge out, although Sasami passes out, because they notice none of the other 
people there are wearing any
clothes.

 "This...this is a..." Ayeka stutters.

 "A...a..." Tenchi also does.

 "NUDISTS BEACH!" Broka and Ryoko scream as they run out and in an instant 
dropped any clothing they had on.  Ryoko runs to a hot dog stand and Broka runs 
to the water.

 "Hey you two, get back in here," Ayeka screams, "Hey, Miss Washu! What do you 
think you're doing?!"

 "Well, Ayeka, when in Rome," she drops her suit and Ayeka puts her head in her 
hands.  "C'mon Ayeka, join the fun," she grabs her swimsuit and rips it off of 
her.  She screams and
tries to hide her body the best she can, Tenchi also screams and sticks his head 
in the sand, "You too Mihoshi," Washu says.  She looks at Washu before she runs 
out, shedding
everything she has on.  Broka flies over Tenchi, and picks him up by the shorts.

 "Hey now, what do you think you're doing?  Are you scared to look at some naked 
women little Tenchi," Tenchi takes his hands off of his eyes, his pride was too 
great that it
overpowered his chivalry, well, only for a minute.  He covered his eyes with his 
hands again.

 "Hmmm...well if you don't want to," he drops him in the sand, "you don't have 
to."

Tenchi says thanks under his breath but soon feels a draft, he looks behind him 
to see that Broka is holding his pair of shorts in his hands, it was a trick, it 
was near impossible to cover
your eyes and your body at the same time.  In the distance, a wolf-whistle was 
heard.  Nonetheless he tried, but was pulled up by Ryoko, her strength was 
enough to overpower his.  His
face turned completely red at the sight of a naked Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Washu, he 
felt his nose running.  

 Ryoko turned him around, his face facing her...um...breasts.  His nose gave 
loose.

 "C'mon Tenchi dear, join the fun," she pushes him and he stumbles back until 
something squishy stops his path, he doesn't need to turn around because he 
knows who was in front of
Ryoko.

 "Ohhh...this is so embarrassing," the innocent voice was heard.  Tenchi jumps 
back and faces a stock naked Mihoshi.

 "AHHH...sorry MihsohiIIII," he trips over yet another warm, fleshy object lying 
on the ground.  In the confusion, Tenchi's legs grabbed hold of Ayeka, pulling 
her on top of him,
somehow facing each other.  A camera is heard.

 "Oh my, a Kodak moment," Broka makes tears in his eyes.

 Tenchi and Ayeka scream and she leaps off of him, Tenchi is about to pass out 
about now, not because of all the naked women he's seeing, but he's out of 
breath from all that
screaming.

 "WHY YOU LITTLE," Ayeka walks up to Broka, he takes another picture.

 "Hey Washu, how much do you think I can get for these pictures, huh?" he 
realizes that Ayeka is building up energy, "Now Ayeka.calm down.I was only 
kidding," too late.  She
releases it, and Broka goes flying deep into the ocean.  The camera flies in the 
air until Ayeka catches it, and breaks it in half.

 "Ayeka.jeez, will you calm down.we just want to have some fun," Ryoko says.

 "THIS ISN'T FUN.THIS IS DEGRADING AND SELF-RIGHTOUS!  WHY.NOT EVEN MY MOTHER 
WOULD."

 "AYEKA.IS THAT YOU," a familiar voice is heard from the distance.

 "Oh-no," Ayeka turns around to see Misaki, and being at a nudists 
beach.well.you know.

 "Ayeka darling.  It is you.  Oh how are you," she gives her a Misaki sized hug, 
"Ryoko, Mihoshi, Tenchi, and Washu too?  Oh.there's my Sasami." [she's still 
knocked out folks]

 "Mother.dear.why are you here?"

 "Oh I always come here Ayeka, it's strange, no one else from the palace will 
come with me."

 "Miya miya miya," came a voice from behind Sasami.

 "Ohhhhh...there's my little Rio-Ohki," she picks her up and throws her in the 
air with another Misaki hug.

 "Mother...do you know how much trouble..." she stops when she sees her mother 
has got 'the look' in her eyes, she smiles and continues, in a squeaky voice, 
"Oh mommy...even though
I can't contain my excitement for seeing you again, we can get in big *trouble* 
if someone knew who we were."

A man walks by, "Hello Queen Misaki," Ayeka face-faults. 

She waves to the man, "Everyone knows who I am Ayeka dear," Ayeka is giving 
little sobs.  In the ocean, a disturbed-looking Broka has his arms crossed and 
bubbles are coming from
his nostrils.

"Bitch...thanks to her, I'm going to have a rash for several days," he itches 
his chest, then he notices something in the water, "what's this?" He picks up 
what looks like a small steel box. 
He opens it up to find a pair of gold earrings, still shiny.  "Wow...I thought 
these things were banned for there dangerous uses.  But, I'm a dangerous man, I 
think I'll keep them," he palms
the box and walks to the water's edge.  Back on land, Ryoko, Misaki, Mihoshi, 
and Tenchi are having a conversation, well...Tenchi's just staring at the 
ground, mumbling something
about going home.

"So Ryoko, how is your life going on Earth," Misaki asks.

"Well...it's been real nice, especially being near *my* Tenchi," she looks over 
at Ayeka, who is covering herself with a towel.

"WHOSE IS HE RYOKO?!"

She smiles at Misaki, "She's such a kidder," at that moment a black burr is 
surfacing from the water, "and there's the rest of our little crew." 

Broka starts to come out of the water, he shakes his body like a dog then tries 
to get the water out of his ears.  He looks up to see a glowing-eyed Misaki five 
inches from his face, he falls
with a thud.

"Are you the one that saved my Sasami from that evil man?"

He looks a little shaken before nervously saying, "Yeah, yeah I am."

Once again she gives him her humongous hugs, however, since he was on the ground 
he got a nice view of her cleavage.  Although he would have tried to hit on any 
other woman, she
was of royalty, so he focused on the real problem, trying to breathe while being 
stuffed in someone's breasts.

"Ma'am...I can't...breathe...Please let go."

She lets go, unreluctant to what he just said, "I thank you very much for saving 
my little Sasami.  She gets so scared when no one can help her."

"Yes...Thank you."

She turns around to Ayeka, "Ayeka dear, I have to get going.  I have some 
important work to take care of," she walks off, "take care everybody!"

They wave her goodbye before Broka says to Ayeka, "Kinda friendly to new people 
isn't she.  Boy, I never thought the day I'd see that again"

"FIRST YOU TRY TO BLACKMAIL ME FAMILY THAN YOU INSULT MY MOTHER!"

"I'm not insulting her, I think she's a very nice person," he gives a perverted 
smirk, "nice enough to give me the view of a twin piston, 100 horsepowered 1969 
Firebird engine."  

"WHAT?!!!!!!!"

Before she can further yell she notices that he's behind her and with a quick 
flip of a wrist, and a loud "OLE!" her towel comes off.  She screams before 
running into the door, fed up with
the actions of them, well...mostly Broka.  Tenchi quickly follows behind her.

A nervous voice is heard from behind them, "Uh...guys, let's get going, I don't 
think we're welcomed here anymore," they turn around to see several large men in 
black uniforms coming
towards them.

"Guess we disturbing the peace too much," Ryoko says, picking up her suit and 
flying through the door.  Broka, Mihoshi, and Washu follow, Broka picking up 
Sasami and still holding
the box.                                                                                      

                                                                                
****************

Back in Japan, it has been two months since Mihoshi's grandfather visited.  
Several weeks after going to the beach.  It has cooled down a lot, so everyone 
is back to doing their normal
chores, Tenchi working in the fields, Sasami cooking big meals, Mihoshi doing 
her share of sweeping, even Broka is helping with the laundry and toilet, being 
that Ayeka forced him to
do the toilet for obvious reasons.  Ayeka is the one laying around today, right 
below Ryoko on her usual beam.  Broka just comes in and sits on the couch, 
starting to fiddle with the
earrings he found, Ayeka notices them.

"Hey, where'd you get those?"

"Oh I found them," he opens the hook up and looks inside.

"They're beautiful.  But where'd you find them?"

Before he answers Ryoko takes them away from him.

"He found these in Tenchi's room I just know it.  I knew that he wanted to 
declare his love for me I just knew it," she hugs the earrings.

"Actually Ryoko...I found," he's cut off by Ayeka.

"What are you talking about Ryoko?  You know Tenchi wanted to give those 
earrings for me, he was just waiting for the right time."

"I think you hit your head sometime princess because if these were for you, 
Tenchi must have had a serious memory lapse to forget about me."

"The only thing that's going to be hit is YOU Ryoko!"

"Not if I hit you first!" they start to attack each other.

Broka starts to make pleas, "Hey you two...stop (take that you slut)...please 
knock it off...(why you little)...I'm getting angry...(oww! you're going to pay 
for that)...you're pissing me
off...(not if you don't first)...KNOCK IT OFF!" he yells.  The two stop in there 
tracks, Broka grabs the earrings from their hands and heads off for his room, 
"Will you two get a grip?!  I
found these at the ocean several weeks ago!  God, I don't know why Tenchi likes 
either of you with the way you act, he should pick someone more sensible 
like...like...SHIT I DON'T
KNOW...MIHOSHI, SO THERE!" he stomps off to his room, "I hope you didn't bust 
the power source on this thing," he slams the door of his room.

They look at each other, "Of course, Mihoshi!" they run outside to see Tenchi 
walking along side Mihoshi, she's saying something about how her grandfather 
fought off several
Kornian barbarians.

Ryoko reaches Tenchi first, wrapping her arms around him, "Tenchi, what are you 
doing with Mihoshi?"

"We were just talking about some family stuff...that's all."

"Uh-huh, well I got family (well, at least some), want to talk about yours?"

"Hey, Ryoko!"

"Ryoko, what are you doing with Lord Tenchi?"

"Talking about our soon-to-be family, that's all," she smiles while Tenchi puts 
his head in his hands.

"Grrrrrr," she suddenly feels a gust of wind pass her, she stands as a sleek 
figure lands several yards away from her.  She looks at her stomach to see her 
kimono ripped and blood is
coming out of a wound.  She looks at the figure and passes out.

"AYEKA!" Tenchi picks her up and looks at the figure.  It stands up and cracks 
its neck and arms.  It doesn't even turn around before saying, "Well, there's 
one.  Now boy...where's the
saiyan warrior?  Me and my friends would like a little word with him."

Broka pops his head out the window, "Hey!  Who's making all this...huh?" he sees 
the figure and Tenchi standing over an unconscious Ayeka, "Ah shit," he throws 
the box on the bed
and runs downstairs.  On the way, he meets Sasami and Washu.

"What's the big hurry?" Sasami asks.

"Sasami, stay in the house, and get some wet towels for Ayeka," he runs to the 
door.  

Sasami sees Ayeka is hurt before letting out an "Oh no," and running into the 
kitchen.

Broka gets out there to face the figure.  The figure turns its head, it's face 
is furry and it has pointed ears and a cat-like nose.  On its arm is a double-
edged blade that retracts into a
sheath, the creature twitches its nose.

"Well...the last of the saiyan bloodline.  I've been waiting for you but you 
never showed up when I wanted you to so I made my own little debut," Tenchi 
carries Ayeka to the porch,
Sasami starts to wipe Ayeka's wound off and Tenchi runs up the stairs, "I 
brought some friends with me, hope you don't mind," he snaps his fingers and 
from out of nowhere 19 other
cat-like creatures jump from all around.  Some are on the house, most are on the 
ground, and their bodies differentiate between sleek and slender to huge and 
muscular.  The sleek shaped
ones have some sort of weapon on their arm, although some of the bigger ones are 
packing heat too.

"I thought it was just a bluff.  But I was stupid to let my guard down so easily 
without taking some worry."

"Well most saiyans are ignorant like that," he leaps back to form a complete 
circle of creatures around Broka, "now who should lead off?"

Tenchi comes out holding the Tenchi-ken in his hands, he tries to activate it 
but Broka stops him, "Tenchi, don't get involved, I can take care of this 
myself."

"Listen, I know you care about your pride but this..."

"...is not the reason why I'm stopping you," Tenchi looks confused, "the reason 
I stopped you is because the Katarang empire are very loyal to there kin, if one 
of them die by someone
else's hands then they send their entire military fleet to destroy them, " he 
looks at the figure, "although it really doesn't matter now."

"Well well...looks like you've been reading your books.  For that...I will give 
extra credit by saying...oh, I don't know...powering to your max," he gives a 
chuckle.

"Well.I don't need my max," he looks around him, "but I can't beat you with what 
I am now, so I'll take some of your offer," he stands with his hands to his side 
and his fists are
clenched, he starts to let out a low scream.  The ground begins to shake a 
little, as pieces of it start to fly in the air and break apart, his scream gets 
louder.  Soon, a circular indent is made
around Broka as more of the ground breaks apart, and Broka's scream gets louder.  
A glow has formed around him, as he intensifies his last scream, and creates a 
giant ball of light
around him.  After the screaming stops, a pan of his legs show that he's glowing 
with a gold glint, and as you move up to his face, all the hair on it are 
goldish, yellowish color, and his
eyes are a scary green. One of the creatures whispers something to the one that 
attacked Ayeka, the figure says, "Naw.I doubt if this is even a quarter of his 
power.  What's that? (more
whispering is heard)  Yes, I'm afraid you're right." he looks at one of the big 
creatures and signals him towards Broka.  The big one nods, then charges at him, 
retracting claws from its
hand.  Broka watches it until he comes a foot from his face, then vanishes.  The 
cat looks around until it sees Broka appear behind him, it lifts up its hand to 
attack with but Broka delivers
a kick to its face, the creature's head turning a complete 180.  Tenchi and the 
girls cover their mouths.  The creature's hands grab a hold of its head, and 
twist it back to normal, bones
cracking and all.

"There's one," Broka says before delivering a punch to its stomach, which sends 
the creature to the ground.  It stays there for a minute, then tries to get up.  
Broka kicks him which sends
the creature flying to the wood's edge, and taking several trees with it.  A 
tree comes through the broken path as Broka fires a blast that destroys the 
tree.  Through the smoke, the cat is
seen in the air coming at Broka.  The creature's leap is stopped as Broka grabs 
hold of its legs and slams it into the ground.  The creature lies there for a 
minute, then springs off its hands
and lands several meters away.  One of the creature's eyes are closed, and blood 
is dripping from its mouth.  It wipes the blood away before letting out a roar, 
and its body suddenly
grows larger until a eight-foot monster with muscles bulging all around, towers 
over Broka.  It throws a punch at him, but Broka catches its arm.  Broka throws 
the creature in the air, and
flies after it.  He grabs hold of the creature and starts to increase the speed 
its falling at the ground at by grabbing the cat, and flying towards the ground.  
Both of them land with a loud
crash, but the cat's head is buried in the ground.  Broka flies into the air 
again as the cat pulls its head out of the ground and lies there.  Broka reaches 
a high altitude before flying
towards the ground again, this time landing his knees in the creature's stomach.  
Blood begins to pour from its mouth as Broka delivers lightning-fast punches to 
it's gut, and more blood
and drool fly from the creature's mouth.  Broka jumps off of the cat, and lands 
with his back to it.  The creature leaps from its hole in the ground, and 
catches Broka as he turns around. 
The cat delivers a stunning blow to Broka's face and Broka takes a step back.  
The cat starts to laugh maniacally until he realizes Broka isn't cringing in 
pain.  It stands there with fear as
Broka winds up and punches the creature in the jaw.  The creature staggers back 
before giving one final look at Broka and falling to the ground, its body 
twitching.

"That's nine.  Your out of lives," Broka says, looking at the remaining cats.

The leader growls.  Broka lifts up his hand with two of his fingers pointed at 
two smaller ones, he lets out a yell before the creatures vaporize, leaving a 
smoking wake of debris.  The
leader has had enough, "ATTACK HIM!"  The cats start to charge at him, although 
two on the house leap off and run with remarkable speed.  Broka runs ahead of 
them onto the lake,
the two follow, one far ahead of the other.

"No you fools!  You know we can't swim!" the leader yells.  It's no use, they 
are too far out on the lake.  The one cat ahead of the other one pulls out what 
looks like a radar on its wrist
and begins to fire energy blasts at Broka.  They continue to run until the cat 
in front of the other one is right next to Broka, then he stops.  The cat does a 
sliding stop and seems to fall
down a little before regaining composure and facing Broka.  The two stare for a 
while before Broka points to the ground, the creature looks down, and realizes 
he still on the water.  He
tries to run but he just falls in the water.  Broka looks as bubbles start to 
come up...and then stop.  Broka continues to stare until he lifts his leg over 
his head...and brings it down on the
other cat.  The splash is huge and Broka watched the bubbles of the last breaths 
of air the cat had.  He looks at the remaining fifteen cats and sprints off 
towards them, leaving a huge
wave of water as he runs.  "Stand firm men!" the leader yells.  Broka runs into 
the middle of them, and almost at once, punches and kicks filled the entire 
circle.  Broka is fending off the
attacks as quickly as they are being thrown.  A energy blast is seen as a cat 
flies out of the circle and falls with a thud, smoking.  Broka raises his hand 
and creates a energy wave that
disintegrates three of the cats.  A furry fist catches Broka on the jaw, he 
takes a step back and the cats take advantage of this, leaping on him and 
slashing at his body.  Broka falls on the
ground as the cats jump on him and start to slash.  A bright light comes from 
the center of the group and all the cats are thrown off of him.  Broka stands in 
the center of smoking cats all
around, a bright golden glow circles his entire body and there is only one 
scratch on him.  He wipes the blood away as all the cats slowly get up and 
crouch in a leaping position...they
look like they're ready to pounce...and jump away from him!  They scatter as 
Broka flies after them, shooting bright energy balls.  One of the cats has a 
panicked look on its face as leaps
from branch to branch into the air...and a wave follows it until it reaches the 
cat, and it disintegrates.  Two of the bigger ones are breathing heavily as they 
sprint...and stop as Broka
appears in front of them.  They try to run past him but he grabs both of their 
arms and throws them into the air.  "MASENKOOOO...HYAH!" a wave shoots from his 
hand and twists so
as to catch both of them, vaporizing both of them in an instant.  Broka rises 
above the treetops and notices that the rest of them are running in a group.  He 
puts the palm of his hands
together and gives out a yell, "KAAAA-MEEEE-HAAA-MEEEEEEE-AAAAHHHHH!!!"  A huge 
wave shoots from his hands...the remaining cats stop and look in the air as the 
wave
quickly heads towards them...and in the instant the wave hits the ground, the 
cats are seen in the blue backlash, and vaporize in it.

At the house, everyone watches as the bright light covers the entire sky.  Ryoko 
runs out to get a better view of the blast...and the smoking cat starts to get 
up.  He looks around slowly,
not to arouse the others.  He finds Tenchi is in the open...he smiles at the 
chance he has, he lets his claws loose.  He leaps into the air, catching Ryoko 
and the others off guard.  He
jumps at Tenchi, and in a last attempt, Tenchi tries to block and dodge at the 
same time.  The creature lands behind Tenchi, Tenchi has several slash marks on 
his forehead...and he
notices that Tenchi-ken was activated.  He turns around and watches as blood 
starts to pour from slightly above the waist of the cat...on all sides.  Tenchi 
realizes that he must have
activated the sword when he tried to block the attack, cutting the creature in 
half.  The cat's face is shown...it was the leader of the group, a hint of blood 
slides from his mouth as Broka
floats down in front of Tenchi.  Tenchi looks at Broka before Broka says, "I 
wish you hadn't had done that Tenchi."  The creature keeps very still...then 
lets out a howl that was near
defining, and falls on the ground in two sections.  Tenchi realizes his head is 
bleeding, and wipes it off with the sleeve of his shirt.  Broka looks at the two 
creatures still around, the one
Tenchi had just killed, and the one he killed earlier.  He points both hands at 
them and shoots a wave that disintegrates the dead bodies, although there's 
still blood on the ground.  The
golden hair that was glowing on Broka suddenly changes back to black, and his 
eyes return to normal.  Sasami runs up to Tenchi and wipes his wound off with 
the remaining towels.  She
gives Tenchi the towel and looks at Broka.

"Broka..." she whispers softly.

He looks at Sasami and smiles, "OK everyone.  First order of business is to get 
Ayeka medical attention, which you have so graciously done.  Second, Washu, I 
would like to talk to you,
then I will talk to everyone else," he walks into the house, Washu following 
close behind.  Tenchi picks up Ayeka and carries her into the house, followed by 
Ryoko, Sasami, and
Mihoshi.

                                                                                
*********************

In Washu's lab, Washu is typing something at her computer, Broka is standing 
right behind her.

"So...what do you need from me?"

"Well Miss Washu...you are the greatest scientific genius in the universe...and 
I'm sure this will take not long at all for you."

"Well...nothing will take too long for the *greatest* scientific genius in the 
universe."

"There's this machine I used to heard of...it could..."

"...manipulate the time in it to accustom it to your taste." (Broka gets a 
sweatbead)

"Yeah...and it could..."

"...convert the inside surrounding to your liking." (more sweat)

"Washuuuu," she pushes a button and a little antenna pops from behind her ear, 
Broka sighs, "well...could you make me one or not."

"Well...the resource material shouldn't be too hard to find.  But to be able to 
build such a thing would take at least several weeks to change the dimension 
patterns of that area," Broka
sighs again, Washu pushes another button, "buuuutttt, I already have one," a big 
machine pops up, Broka face-faults.

Broka gets up and heads for the machines computer, he starts typing at a steady 
pace.  Washu still types at her computer until she looks at Broka.  She sees the 
seriousness on his face,
and is amazed at it.  How can a person who has never had a real family for 
years, been turned down by any other people willing to take him in, have so much 
concern for a group of
women and a young man?  A person who makes fun of so many people and laughs 
about it, care so much for these strangers?  A little click goes off in her 
head.  She thinks about it, not
sure what it was, so ignores it and continues to type.  

Broka strikes one final key, "There...it's done," he exclaims.  He walks to the 
door of the machine, "I have the coordinates set for a day in that time equaling 
.01392746 seconds in this
world, meaning..."

"...1 year in five seconds," Broka face-faults.

"Yeah...right," he walks to the door and steps inside.  A noise is heard, and a 
light shines around the rim of the door.  It stops, then starts up again in 
another five seconds, the door is
swung open, steam pouring from the sides.  Broka steps...or should I say, crawls 
out of the door way with the same shirt he wore when he went in there, except it 
is full of holes and
covered in dirt.  His face is pretty dirty too.  He crawls out of there gasping 
for air.

"Back so soon."

"I...need...rest...food...drink...and most...importantly...a shower," he 
collapses what's left of his body on the floor.

"I should have told you...don't set the thing for more than several months...it 
can get quite hazardous in there."

"Thanks...for the...reminder...Washu," he slowly gets out.

                                                                                
*******************

In the onsen, Tenchi is relaxing in his side of the pool, thankful Ryoko is busy 
doing something.  He hears the door creak.  He jumps at the sound of it, is it 
Ryoko...naw, she would
usually phase in here.  Ayeka...no, she doesn't do that.  Mihoshi...possible, 
she has been known to go in the wrong doorway from time to time.  Tenchi stares 
in the sky, remembering the
time Mihoshi accidentally went in the wrong side (he still doesn't know how), 
she was walking along the side when she slipped on a bar of soap which sent her 
careening into the spot
where Tenchi washed his body, he shivers when he remembers Ryoko coming in, 
Mihoshi was in a cast for two weeks.  He goes to thinking who it is, 
Washu...well, she has been leaving
him alone for a while, except for the few times when a robot with dozens of 
tentacles...he looks from behind the rock, nobody.  He feels a tapping on his 
shoulder.

"GAH!"

"Hey, chill Tenchi it's only me," Broka is standing over Tenchi with a box in 
his hand.

"Oh...it's just you...for a minute I was afraid it was one of Washu's machine," 
he sits back in the water, "so...what did you need to talk to me about?"

"Well...you know how I said not to worry about those cat-creatures coming back?"

"Yeah."

"Well forget it," (sweatdrops).

"What is it then?"

"First off, because of killing the leader, you have been put on the endangered 
species list," more sweatdrops, "secondly, you will not last five minutes with 
their brute strength and
lightning-fast reflexes, so you will have to find a way to control Light-Hawk 
Wings."

"Hey now!  You know I'm can't just summon those up whenever I want to!"

"And with that attitude you won't," he kneels down, "it took me two months to be 
able to control my super-saiyan power, and I thought about giving up but as you 
see I can do it, no
problem," his hair turns the goldish color again then back to black, "now all 
you need to do, is to talk to your grandfather, and train extremely hard under 
his care so as to summon those
things whenever you want."

"But can I do it?"

"Only if you want to protect all those women you love," Tenchi looks down at the 
water, "Oh, one more thing," he opens the box and hands Tenchi one of the 
earrings, "I want you to
take this and put it in your ear."

"What?  But that'll hurt, and I don't feel like wearing earrings.  What are they 
for anyway?" 

"Think of them as a last resort for the battle we're going to have," Tenchi 
looks confused.

"What do you mean?"

Broka looks from side to side, making sure no one is there, "Don't tell anyone 
about this because I don't want them to start worrying about it."

                                           ************************

Back at the house, every one has sat down to eat dinner, except Ayeka.

"Washu, how long will it be before Ayeka gets better?" Tenchi asks.

"It will be about several months, that incision was really deep and I'm trying 
to treat her for any infection or bacteria."

Everyone continues to eat, keeping real quiet.except for Broka who is gobbling 
down food at an incredible rate.

"How can you be so calm when you know that those creatures are coming after you 
and Tenchi," Sasami asks.

Broka looks at her and swallows the remaining food in his mouth, "Well Sasami, I 
know that me and Tenchi will have no problem getting rid of those evil 
creatures, because when he has
the Light-Hawk Wings, me and him are probably the strongest in the galaxy," 
Sasami smiles at this remark, then runs outside to hang up the laundry.  Broka's 
smile becomes a frown, "I
really don't know whether or not we can really beat ALL of them."

"Just how many of those things will there be," Ryoko asks.

"Oh.I don't know.ten.twenty." Tenchi looks a little relieved, ".thousand," 
Tenchi passes out, "not only that, but those things vary in a wide variety of 
warriors.  There are those
that can transform to incredible monsters, brilliant scientists with terrifying 
weapons, and some of the most dangerous are the Cheetarahs.  They travel at ten 
times the speed of an
Earth's cheetah, their claws are extremely sharp, and they usually are equipped 
with some kind of energy transformer or double-edged saw or axe handle used for 
even quicker attacks,"
Tenchi starts to groan.

"What I would like to know is, how did you things become enemies in the first 
place," Washu asks.

"It all started a long time ago.  Back then, the saiyan race had just conquered 
a large planet on the edge of a solar system.  It had no natural resources, so 
it was easily disposable.  What
we didn't know, was that Frieza needed this planet for a strategic attacking 
point against Jurai, and that this was the only one without being recognized by 
Jurai spies.  But instead of
destroying us, since he was too self-righteous to take over planets by himself, 
he contacted a race that lived on the planet we just destroyed.  He convinced 
them that the saiyan race
acted against his orders, and he would willingly help them rebuild what was left 
of their colonizations to help and destroy the saiyan race.  That group was the 
Katarangs.  Like the
saiyans, they were also filled with pride, and wanted to destroy the remaining 
race for what they did to their kin.  It took several years, but after countless 
horrific experiments and hard
labor, their forces were built far enough to attack the saiyan race.  A war 
several thousand years before that, put the saiyan race in a bad predicament, 
because what makes the Katarang
race so dangerous, is that you can think of them as having nine lives.  If their 
bodies are vaporized, drowned, disintegrated, or severely decapitated, they are 
done for, no problem. 
However, if you attack them like my race knew the best way to fight, punching 
and kicking, they will appear to be dead, then rise up again.  No one can 
explain how they do this, just that
they do.  Even if their bones are broken every which way, with the help of a 
friend, the bones will heal themselves, and it will fight again within minutes.  
The saiyans didn't know this
when they attacked, and we ended up losing a great deal in the beginnings of the 
war.  But as the battles continued, we figured out their secret, and soon gained 
the upper hand.  But
vaporizing every single one of them would soon reduce our power, and we soon 
returned to the old ways.  At the last battle, the entire saiyan army stood 
against what we thought were
the remaining Katarang armies.  As the battle pressed on, and the smoke of the 
war cleared, we stood over an empty battlefield, completely wiping out the 
creatures in a single instant by
combining all of our powers at vaporizing them all.  But as Frieza descended 
upon us to tell us about what he had done, a lone warrior who stayed behind ran 
off into the distant, and
their race grew again.  A Katarang can reproduce asexually, and the creature it 
produces cannot necessarily be a copy of its original parent.  After several 
hundred years, they regrew,
trying to take out saiyan after saiyan.  Then Frieza killed them all, and 
himself.  The Katarang Empire was at a loss then.  No one to guide them, no one 
to fight against, no one to
conquer.  It's kinda blurry after that, but I think they continue to worship 
Frieza, and carry on his will of trying to reign over the entire universe."

"So why would they throw off these whole plans just to destroy you," Ryoko asks.

"They have a deep, deep hatred for the saiyan race.  Once, they were minutes 
away from launching an assault on one of the most powerful planets in the 
galaxy.  But there was a report
saying a saiyan warrior was on a planet several light-years away.  They broke 
off the attack, pursued, and killed the warrior.  They never had another chance 
to attack that planet again. 
To answer your question, I also don't know.maybe it's because they're afraid of 
an army of super-saiyans to descend upon them, and wipe them out."

"Wait a minute," Mihoshi pauses, trying really hard to think of something, "what 
does a super-saiyan look like?"

Broka's hairs stand on end, "Gold hair, green eyes, get a clue Mihoshi."

"Are there levels past that of a super-saiyan," Mihoshi asks again.

"Yep.  There are three known levels, besides a great surge in power the 
difference can be noticeable."

"Can you do that," Sasami asks, obviously listening to the discussion.

Broka becomes afraid of how much she was listening.  He doesn't want to scare 
the poor girl, "How.how long were you there Sasami?"

"Long enough to hear the story."

He sighs, "Well, to answer your question, only if I can control it."

"So.what do you two plan to do," Washu asks, a bit concerned.

"Well, I think you're going to continue training and I have to do some training 
of my own to be able to summon Light-Hawk Wings...although I don't know if I'll 
be able to," Tenchi comes
in.

"Well then you'd better start soon," a voice comes from the doorway.  Everyone 
looks over to see Katsuhito standing there, "so, are you going to start or 
what?"

Tenchi sighs and walks out the door, Katsuhito asks one last question, "How long 
do we have?"

"About a month," Washu comes in, typing at her computer, "they just entered the 
solar system, and if they don't have any way of traveling at light speed I'd say 
about a month."

"Hmmm.that may be all we need," he leaves, him and Tenchi proceed to their 
regular spot.

"I'd better get going to," Broka adds, getting up and heading outside.

Everyone stares as Broka flies into the distance and Tenchi follows Katsuhito.  
Upstairs, a weary Ayeka slowly mumbles, "Please be safe Lord Tenchi."

                                                                ****************

It has been nearly four weeks since the accounted attack on the Masaki 
household.  Ayeka is still in bed with Washu tending for her because Sasami was 
needed to cook.  Ryoko was
doing some help being as her, Sasami, and Mihoshi were the only ones not 
training or taking care of Ayeka.

"I wish I could help Tenchi," she slowly mumbles as she sweeps.  She stares at 
the ground and flashbacks two weeks ago when Tenchi was going to his training 
spot.  She was also
traveling outside, ready to start training before Tenchi stopped her.  He said 
he didn't want anyone else getting involved with this being him and Broka were 
already in grave danger.  She
argued, saying she didn't care, that she wanted to help Tenchi, but Tenchi 
argued back, telling her that if everything Broka said was true, then the 
creatures wouldn't attack them if they
stayed out of it.  She wanted to fight against his pleas, but she made the 
mistake of looking in his eyes, the same ones that she saw when his mother 
carried him near the cave years ago,
she sniffed back her tears, and went to her room and sulked.  She snaps out of 
it as Mihoshi starts to talk to her.

"Are you worried about them too Ryoko?"

Ryoko doesn't answer.

"You know, Broka did say something about them having poor spaceship battles, and 
he said something about them not tracking people in ships."

Ryoko eyes widen, for the first time she has ever known, she got an idea from 
Mihoshi.

"That's right, he said that they can't sense a person's DNA within a ship as 
long as they don't come out, do you know what this means?"

"Actually...no," Ryoko's hair stands on end.

"It means that we can destroy the ships while they're coming into the 
atmosphere, isn't that why you brought that up?"

"I was just trying to start a conversation.  Wait a minute, Tenchi said that he 
wanted to do this by himself, with Broka of course."

"Yes...but he didn't want them to come at us on the ground, and they have poor 
battles in the air so with Rio-Ohki and your ship, we might be able to take them 
out before they can reach
the Earth."

"Maybe...but my superiors told me of a large fleet of ships were approaching the 
Earth and they didn't want me to get involved."

"That's the least of your worries," Mihoshi ponders this for a minute.

"You know what, you're right.  I can be a little disobedient every now and then, 
and with my great driving, we should beat those pussy cats in minutes."

"That's the spirit!"

"Go te..."she stops as she trips over the steps and falls with a loud thud.

"Maybe it would be better if I just fought."

                                                                                
*****************

"Come on Tenchi...focus on the task, you must concentrate your power to bring 
out the Light-Hawk Wings," Katsuhito yells, carefully watching a panting Tenchi.  
Tenchi is sweating
greatly and his eyes are closed and he's holding his hands in the air.

"I can't do it grandpa, it's too far out of reach!"

"Don't say that!  If you continue to tell yourself this then you'll NEVER be 
able to call forth Light-Hawk Wings!"

Tenchi closes his eyes harder.

"You're going to let a bunch of mutated cats kill you and everything you hold 
dear, just because you THINK you can't do it!"

This sets Tenchi off, he grits his teeth and closes his eyes extremely hard.

"I...I can feel it," the three marks on his head suddenly appear, his hands 
start to glow, "I...can see it," the marks start to glow, "I...HAVE...THE 
POWER," [oops, got carried away there]
three lights start to flicker in front of Tenchi's hands.  They fade into view 
within seconds and Tenchi quickly gains control of them.  He feels the energy 
flow through every part of his
body as the Light-Hawk Wings floats just a foot away from Tenchi.

"Good job Tenchi, you have grown much since you met these women."

At that time, several hundred miles away from the house, two figures fly through 
the air, coming together and breaking apart as they zoom over the ocean's edge.  
The two Broka's are
several meters away before they come together and start to battle.  They are 
both in there super-saiyan form as their mighty punches cause large amounts of 
water to erupt from its
resting place.  They break apart and face each other.

"KAME-HAME-AHHHH!" one yells as the large blast erupts from his palm.

"GALLIC GUNNN...FIRE!" the other one screams as the purple blast flies from his 
palm.  The two waves collide but don't explode.  Both Broka's are still giving 
their waves enormous
amounts of energy to try and cancel out the other wave.  As both of their palms 
continue to generate these waves, the one seems to fire a second blast straight 
into his own beam.  The
small hump of energy continues till it reaches the end and pushes the other 
one's beam back.  The Kame-Hame-Ah wave slowly diminishes as the Gallet Gun 
slowly overtakes it, then, the
other Broka pumps energy into his, causing the Kame-Hame-Ah wave to gain edge.  
Then, at the same time, both fire more energy into theirs and as they meet, they 
explode in a gigantic
blue bubble.  Both Broka's fall to the water's surface.  One of them hits the 
surface causing a huge circular wave, and the other one lands right on top of 
the other one, making another
wave.  As the ripples calm down, only one Broka is laying in the water, he 
slowly opens his eyes.

"That hurt," he lays his head in the water, "don't see how this could get worse?  
Gotta wait until my power's back," he notices the water getting really dark, "I 
just had to say that," two
large tentacles pop up from the surface and crash on Broka and drags him 
underwater.

                                                                
**********************

The sun is slowly setting, and the lights of the Masaki house are on.  Everyone 
is sitting at the table calmly and slowly eating their food...except for Broka, 
who right now looks like a
hungry dog.

"I'm glad somebody's not worried about tomorrow," Tenchi says sarcastically.

Broka gives a disgusting look and slurps some noodles, "I'll have you know that 
I'm extremely worried about tomorrow.  It's just that Dr. Fu said to deal with 
stress in a good, calm way,
and not to overexert yourself when dealing with it."

"What magazine did you read that out of," Ryoko sternly asks.

"National Inquirer," everyone face-faults, "did you know Elvis married Bigfoot?"

"You do know that those things aren't real?  They're just made up to please the 
readers," Tenchi says with sweat.

"That explains why the Loch Ness monster looked a little rubbery."

He eats just as slowly as the others before Washu comes out of the lab.

"There, it's all done.  The queen and I have settled the battlegrounds, it's a 
remote island in the South Pacific.  It's not as small as you wanted it, she's 
pretty smart for a cat."

"Thanks Washu," Broka says.

"Why did you want a small island to fight, wouldn't you want a bigger island to 
see," Mihoshi comes in.

Broka is cut off by Washu, "A smaller island prevents too many Katarangs 
entering the island at once.  And an open field gives them less camouflage."

"You got that mind reader again don't you," Broka asks, Washu taps her ear and a 
small antenna pops out.

"Do you think we have a chance," Sasami asks.

"To tell you the truth Sasami, I really don't know.  However, since Tenchi is 
able to control Light-Hawk Wings, we do stand a fighting chance.  By the way 
Tenchi, you do have our *last
resort* don't you?"

Tenchi points to his ear, the earring is in it, although his ear is a little 
red.  The girls stare but decide against asking about it.  They continue to eat.

"Wow, this is great!  What is this anyway," Mihoshi asks.

"Kalamari," Broka mutters.

"Did you save any for me," Washu asks.

"Sure, it's in the back though," Sasami points to the kitchen.  Washu walks 
through the door, then jumps back out.  She looks at Broka, who just shrugs his 
shoulders.

"We had a little argument about if giant squids really exist or not," Broka 
kindly says.

                                                                                
*******************

The next day, everyone is standing at the porch, even Ayeka is out, with a 
slight slump of course.  Broka has on his armor as does Tenchi, holding Tenchi-
ken.  Everyone looks towards
the sky before Ayeka wearily says, "Please don't do this Tenchi.  I'm sure there 
is some other way to deal with this," Ayeka was the cautious one this time.

"I'll be safe Ayeka, don't worry about me."

"You got the battleplan in your head Tenchi," Broka asks.

"Yep, summon Light-Hawk Wings, try to (gulp) dismember them, and if that doesn't 
work," he points to the earrings.  Broka nods his head.

"What are those earrings for anyway," Mihoshi asks, her hands are formed in a 
fist and they're hiding her mouth.

"Don't worry about it Mihoshi.  Lets hope we don't have to use them," Broka 
assures her, "ya ready Tenchi?" Tenchi nods.  Broka grabs hold of Tenchi around 
the shoulders and gives
one final remark, "I'll get him back to all of you in one piece, and everything 
in perfect order," he thinks something to himself, "even if it kills me," a gold 
glow forms around Broka and
they both fly to the south.  Everyone stares at them before Ryoko grabs Rio-
Ohki.

"You ready Ryo-Ohki?"

"Miya miya."

"Good," she throws her up in the air, the little cabbit then transform into the 
crystal-like battleship.  At that time, Mihoshi's ship pops from the lake's 
surface, and a ramp unfolds to a
doorway.  She fiddles with her cube a little bit and changes into her GP uniform 
and runs to the ship.

"Just where do you three think you're going," Ayeka sternly asks.

"We're going to help Tenchi you stupid princess," and without giving Ayeka a 
chance to fight back, phases into Ryo-Ohki, the ship heads off towards the 
south.

Mihoshi gives off a "sorry" before running towards her ship.  Ayeka starts to 
follow her, slowly but surely.

In Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko is giving commands to Ryo-Ohki to attack anything that they 
don't recognize before an innocent yet not-so innocent voice is heard from 
behind her.

"Lord Tenchi could get quite mad at you for disobeying him, Little Ryoko," Ryoko 
turns around to see Washu typing at her computer, "if you want to follow them, 
you could ask for my
help?"

"I don't need your help.  Ryo-Ohki, follow Broka."

"Miya miya miya miya miya"

"What do you mean you lost track of him?!" she turns around to see Washu's 
computer right in her face, a red blip is on the screen, she sighs and tells 
her, "Ryo-Ohki, follow Washu."

"Miya miya" the ship speeds off, with another ship following her.

 

 

"Mihoshi, we were given stricked orders NOT to get involved with these 
creatures."

"Sorry Yukinojo, but Tenchi's life is at stake, not to mention the entire 
universe."

"I'm sorry to argue back Mihoshi, but what does a young man's life have to do 
with you turning down a promotion, nearly getting killed, and protecting him 
everywhere he goes?"

A voice comes from the hallway, "Because if you don't follow him you'll be 
rusting in the scrapheap, that's why!"

Mihoshi turns around to see Ayeka leaning over the doorway, she starts to walk 
towards the head disk, even with a little Sasami pulling on her kimono.

"Come on Ayeka...Tenchi told us not to follow him," Ayeka ignores her, and grabs 
Yukinojo's 'head' and looks it right in the...uh...eyes.  She gives a little 
smile.

"You've heard of the computer virus Mingonese," it nervously nods its head, 
Ayeka's smile becomes a frown, "well I'm worse."

Yukinojo hesitates for a minute, "Traveling at top speed to section 49, 100 on 
planet Earth right now," the boosters glow and gives the ship more speed.  Back 
inside the ship, Mihoshi
sits with her hands in her lap, looking really sad.

 

The island is relatively large for a remote one.  There are some open fields but 
most of it is a lot of palm trees and a small hill near the middle.  The glowing 
figure that was approaching it
lands in an open field.  Broka drops Tenchi and they both stand and await their 
fate.  Broka nods at Tenchi, Tenchi nods back, holds out his hands, and with 
little effort, three
Light-Hawk Wings form in front of him.  Two of them slide onto Tenchi, covering 
him in a purplish outfit with two large straps floating on the back, Tenchi uses 
his mind to raise the
other one which he grabs hold of, and it transform into a large sword.  Broka 
also starts to transform, making his black hair turn into a golden glow of 
power.

"Ain't done yet," he stands firm as his body begins to spark and little amounts 
of electricity form around him, in an instant, the spiky-hair that received from 
his last transformation, forms
into more triangular shapes with an even brighter gold glow.  Tenchi, although 
amazed, calmly asks, "When did you reach that stage?"

"Not long ago, with a little help from Washu of course," they smile at each 
other, then quickly looks towards a lone figure standing on a rocky edge.  It is 
very slender, although the
cat-like ears are really noticeable.  Behind it, dozens of figures come from 
nowhere, surrounding the two warriors.

"What do you say, a hundred, two-hundred," Tenchi asks.

"Three at most," he looks at the figure at the ledge, "they'll lead with 
Cheetara's and some scientists, then move in some transformers and the other 
warriors," the creature on the ledge
raises its hands to the sky, and from underneath its arms, a bright, steel 
'wing' retracts from its back, "watch out, those wings are extremely sharp and I 
wouldn't be surprised if they
contain some kind of missile.

The cat with the wings jumps off its ledge, and starts to run to the two 
warriors, they calmly watch as it reaches the bottom of the hill, and sprints 
off towards them.

"You want to see if it works Tenchi?" Tenchi holds the sword in a fighting 
position and charges at the cat, they collide, Tenchi's sword leaving a trail of 
energy.  The cat stands there
amazed before tearing up into nothing.  For the power within Tenchi is so great 
that it does not draw blood from another thing, rather than breaking it up into 
oblivion.  Tenchi finishes
his stance, then turns around to another one leaping from behind.  Broka 
interferes, however, kicking the cat straight into the sky.right before 
releasing some energy to vaporize the
cat.  They look up into the sky to see it falling (the sky, slight metaphor), 
with several ships and pod-like capsules.  An energy blast is seen from the 
horizon as Ryo-Ohki charges up
more energy and destroys another ship, Tenchi becomes upset.  Right behind her 
is a Galaxy Police ship, firing aimlessly into the air, hoping to take some 
ships down with the blasts.

In space, the giant ship floats over the Earth, firing many more pods and 
shuttles into the atmosphere

"My queen.my queen." a cat runs to the throne, ".my queen.we've just reported 
that there are two unidentified ships in the atmosphere, destroying ours!"

"What, that's impossible, our scouts reported no ships within the vicinity.  
Show me the view screen!" a holographic screen appears in front of her, "That's 
a GP ship, I thought we left
them back on Jupiter!  I can't make out that other one though!"

"What should we?  If we continue to send shuttles and pods without protection, 
we'll lose 75% of our army, and we'd be forced to make a retreat."

"The Katarang Empire never retreats!  As for the ships.send several battleships 
with the minimum requirement of personnel on board, completely wipe them out!  
And don't stop
sending our armies, no matter what the cost!"

Outside the ship, a large hatch opens, and two large ships with multiple guns 
flies down to the atmosphere.

Back on Earth, Tenchi is slicing through the Katarangs on the island as much as 
Broka is disintegrating them.  Tenchi charges at a small group and with one 
swipe, the cat's start to tear
apart.  On the other side, Broka forms a large disk in his hand, and throws it 
towards some large warriors.  The disk cuts right through them, leaving a trail 
of blood in the wake.

"I.really.hate this," Tenchi yells to Broka.

"This ain't no picnic for me." he nails one of the cat's in the stomach, 
"either," he continues to blow off punches and fire energy waves that vaporizes 
several creatures.  On Mihoshi's
ship, Ayeka is yelling at Mihoshi.

"What's the matter with you?  You're supposed to be one of the top detectives 
and you can't even fly this thing?"

"I'm sorry.I haven't been in a battle for a while where I had to fire back."

"What do you mean 'fire back'?"

"I usually sit and watch the explosions from afar," Ayeka's hair stands on end.  
She pushes a button and a missile fires out of an opening.  It destroys a 
shuttle carrying several dozen
Katarang, "Hey!  I got one!" a dark shadow comes from above, "Wha.what is that?"

On Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko noticed the large shadow before Mihoshi, "Damn.they have 
battleships," dozen of beams fire from the ships hull and Ryo-Ohki barely avoids 
them.  A second
ship appears from the sky and heads towards Yukinojo.  

"Mihoshi.MIHOSHI!  A large battleship is approaching our position, my sensors 
indicate that if we are hit we could suffer collateral damage and won't make it 
out of this fight!"

"Oh.and that's not very good.is it?"

Yukinojo does a 180 and flies away from the island, the ship following close 
behind.  On the island, Broka is jumping from ledge to ledge with a dozen 
Katarangs following him.  He flies
into the air.and the cats follow him.  He knocks several to the ground.but some 
of them activate a hover device on their backs and fly straight towards him.  
Broka grabs one of the
hands and throws it at the other cats.  They hesitate to regain their balance 
right before Broka fires some energy.  All twelve of them disappear in the wave.  
Tenchi is having some
trouble defending against the ones attacking him.  One punches him the jaw and 
while he staggers back they leap at him.  Tenchi is able to regain his composure 
and charges at them all,
he does several hops and jumps, each time swinging his sword.  He stops, sweat 
pouring from his face, the Katarang stand motionless as they rip up and 
disappear.  He runs towards a
Katarang charging him.  In the air, Ryo-Ohki fires several blasts at the ship, 
it dodges some of the battleship's blast and returns fire.  The blast causes the 
ship to descend to the ocean,
and crashes in a humongous wave.

"All right!"

"Ryoko dear, please stick to your task," Washu most kindly says.  Ryo-Ohki flies 
towards a shuttle that's slowly descending to the island.

"They just keep coming and coming," Tenchi yells, parrying some blows.

"Keep fighting, I don't want to use the earrings yet," Broka says, throwing one 
of them far into the water.  

Tenchi continues to slice at some Katarang, ripping them to nothing.  He blocks 
a kick with his sword, but is hit from behind from another one.  Another one 
kicks him in the stomach,
and punches him 5 meters away.

"Tenchi," Broka yells before he is kicked in the stomach, and they start to beat 
on him mercilessly.  Tenchi slowly gets up and kills some more warriors, 
although he has Light-Hawk
Wings, his power keeps diminishing with every blow that he takes and every power 
he puts into his swing, he is getting weaker.  A bright light comes from the 
huddled group of
Katarang, and they all vaporize as a bleeding, sweating Broka stands up, also 
very weakened by the many waves and balls of energy he has had to give off.  He 
runs to an open field as
does Tenchi, they stand back to back.

"There (pant) are (pant) to many of them.  At least (pant) a thousand!" Tenchi 
yells

"I (pant) know. (more panting) I used up (pant) most of my power!"

"Me too.  Where's that last resort you were talking about," Tenchi turns to face 
Broka.  Broka looks nervous, very nervous.

"All right then!  Here's our last resort," with that, Broka places his hand on 
Tenchi's chest.  Tenchi looks in amazement as his body starts to glow white as 
does the earrings.  Broka starts
to scream as the white glow surrounds both of them.  Ryo-Ohki is flying over top 
of this, with Ryoko and Washu watching in amazement.  Washu is typing.

"What.are.they.doing," Ryoko gets out.

"I don't know, but according to my readings, their powers seem to be 
refueling.AND BECOMING ONE!"

Yukinojo just got back from destroying the battleship, all three of the girls 
also watch in astonishment as the white glow bubbles and causes a bright light.  
Ayeka starts to cry

"They.blew themselves.up," she starts to sniffle as does Sasami.  Mihoshi just 
stares.

"I beg to differ," Yukinojo states, "I am reading a lone power source coming 
from the middle of that energy bubble, but I can't make it out," the girls look 
at the computer and down to the
ground.  As the smoke and light clears.there is a person standing in the center!  
The Katarangs circle this person, wondering who it is.  The smoke clears for a 
clearer view of the man,
he is built like Broka, he has on saiyan armor, but his hair is much longer, and 
pure black and spiky.  His eyes are the color of Tenchi's and he looks at his 
hands like there's something on
it.  He runs his hands through his hair and looks surprised, like he's alive.  
He gives a smirk and throws his hands out in front of him.then the Light-Hawk 
Wings form!  The girls can
only stare as they cover the man's body with the same outfit Tenchi had on.

"It's Tenchi! Only he can summon the Light-Hawk Wings," Ayeka yells.  All of a 
sudden, a screen pops up with Washu's face on it.

"I don't think so Ayeka, looks at his face," a picture of the man's face comes 
on.

"Well.it looks a little like Broka, except the eyes and nose," Sasami says.

The man stands there and taps on his chest, a hollow knocking is heard.  "Good, 
the armor is still on," he then makes a fighting stance.and his hair becomes a 
bright gold!

"He transformed!  How can he have both Light-Hawk Wings, and super-saiyan 
transformation?!" Washu shouts.

The bright glow lingers around him as his hair becomes spiky to more triangular.

"GAH!  He reached the second level!  But how can that be?!"

The man looks around the circle of Katarangs around them, from the circle, a 
scratchy voice is heard, "Who are you?"

The man looks towards the creature, "You may call me Teka.  A saiyan/Juraien 
fusion," whispering comes from around the circle...inside Ryo-Ohki...

"A fusion?!  I've been alive for 20,000 years.and I've never heard of a fusion 
before!"  On Yukinojo, Sasami realizes something, and flashbacks to two months 
ago.

She was going to take a bath when she heard Broka and Tenchi discussing 
something.  She knew it wasn't polite to eavesdrop, but her curiosity got the 
best of her.

"Don't tell anyone about this because I don't want them to start worrying about 
it."

"I...won't."

"These earrings are from an extinct race of brilliant humanoids.  Although weak, 
they used their incredible intellect to defeat their enemies.  These are some of 
there most powerful
creations, they're called Fusion Earrings."

"What are Fusion Earrings?"

"When put on two warriors, if one of them has the power and know-how to how to 
do this, they can combine into one being, a fusion," Tenchi looks confused, "A 
fusion is a person
with the combined powers of the two warriors who wore them, and if one person 
knew something the other one didn't, the fusion quickly learns how to use it."

"Well that's great!  But why do you want to use it as a last resort?"

"Several things.  One, it hasn't been perfected between two different races, 
meaning if we were to join, there are three possibilities, the least one is that 
the fusion will quickly happen. 
This is the least possible choice, being that the saiyan and Juraien race would 
have to share some related bloodlines.  The second possibility is that the 
fusion will last half-an-hour,
although the fusion will be the same as if it were to instantly happen.  The 
third and most gruesome..." he hesitates, Tenchi just stares at him, "our powers 
will violently collide and we
will cause an explosion a hundred miles large," Tenchi almost passes out, "the 
last two chances of it happening are about even.  The second reason I want to 
use this as a last resort is
because even if we combined are powers when they were near dead, they would 
automatically heal.  The last reason is the fusion's personality."

"What's wrong with their personalities?"

"They are self-righteous, egotistical, and are just plain down jerks, that is 
why they were banned, because fusions would constantly let them get free shot, 
or free them just to show
'who's boss'.  If you would take all the Katarang's pride, and the saiyan's, a 
fusion's pride is double that.

"Soooo...what you are saying is that if we fuse, he will let some of them go, he 
will let them take free punches at him, annnnndddd..."

"...will try to kill the ones he wants to by deplenishing their nine lives, not 
slicing them or vaporize them."

"We're in trouble."

"Yep."

Sasami comes out of her flash back and pulls on Ayeka's kimono, "Ayeka."

"Yes Sasami," she's still trying to figure out where Tenchi went.

"That person down there is something called a fusion.  It combined Broka's and 
Tenchi's power into one," Ayeka stares at her in disbelief, "but the problem is 
that the fusion is a real jerk,
he'll try to kill the Katarang's by using up their nine lives," now everyone 
including Washu and Ryoko staring through the screen looking at her, Sasami 
starts to sweat,
"I...uh...eavesdropped a little bit," she nervously laughs.

On the island, Teka raises the other Wing in front of him but instead of 
transforming it, he keeps it there, using it as a shield.  He gives a wicked 
smile, "Now...who wants to be first?"  At
once all the Katarang charge up the hill, Teka powers up and charges back.  He 
flies through the thick wall of cats, punching and kicking each one of them.  He 
continues to kick the cats
out of the circle surrounding him, causing cats and dogs to fall, without the 
dogs.  He laughs joyfully as he punches and kicks the Katarangs like rag dolls.  
He does several dance-like
moves that send the cats sky high.  They all land with a thud as more start to 
leap and attack him.

"Why is he doing that?!  He has enough power to vaporize them all," Ryoko yells.

Washu is still at her computer, "I'm trying to get a message to him to TELL him 
to get off his high-horse!" she presses a button which sends a holographic 
screen on the outside that
reads, "HEY A-HOLE!  STOP GOOFING OFF AND START TO VAPORIZE THOSE SUCKERS!"

Teka looks up and raspberries the ship.

"That jerk!" Ayeka yells.  She grabs a microphone and yells into it, "WHAT IN 
THE WORLD DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!  WE DON'T HAVE THAT MUCH TIME!"  Teka 
ignores
her, and continues to fight the remaining cats.

"ARE YOU LISTNING TO ME?!" although it would be hard to see, Teka gives a weird 
smile and shakes his head.  Ayeka squeezes the mice so hard it explodes in her 
hand.  The girls
jump back as the nerve impulses finally reach Ayeka's brain, and she jumps 
around waving her hand around to cool the burns down.  Teka continues to easily 
fight back the cats,
blowing punches and kicks off as he goes.

"I've had enough!" with that, Ryoko teleports outside the ship and flies towards 
the lone warrior.  Teka fights back the warriors as Ryoko hovers above him.

"Listen you, although Tenchi is part of you, I'll punch you so hard that you 
won't have enough power to fight back!"

"Listen little girl, I don't need your help or the help of the other ones.  I'm 
the most strongest person in the galaxy, and I don't see why those two didn't 
fuse in the first place," he kicks a
Katarang, it spins backwards before dying on the ground.

"There you go!  You just proved how strong you were by killing one using all of 
its lives while defending attacks from the other ones, ARE YOU HAPPY?!" Teka 
shakes his head, Ryoko
gets extremely angry, "LISTEN TO ME YOU LITTLE BASTARD!  I DON'T WANT YOU 
GETTING KILLED AND MAKING ME LOSE THE ONLY PERSON IMPORTANT IN MY LIFE
JUST SO YOU CAN PLEASE YOUR PITIFUL LITTLE EGO!"

Teka gives a distressful look, "Fine...have it your way," he raises his palm and 
a gigantic wave comes forth from it, the hundred or so cats caught in the blast 
disappear in an instant.  The
remaining ones look in awe as Teka raises the last Light-Hawk Wing and forms it 
into a sword.  The cats charge at him and Teka charges back.  He slices through 
them, leaving the cats
caught in the energy of the sword to break apart.  He continues to fire energy 
balls into several parts of the island.  The explosions are huge, swallowing up 
all the Katarang caught in the
giant bubble of energy.  Teka does some more swinging charges and continues to 
fire energy waves into the ground.  After several minutes, ten Katarang run onto 
the small hill.  They
huddle in a circle searching for Teka, they find him floating down before them.

"I think I've showed you guys who's boss.  You may leave," the cats stare with a 
confused look,  "you heard me, get out of here before I get angry."

They give a wicked smile before Ryoko flies towards the small group with her 
sword larger then ever.  She cuts them straight down the middle, their face's 
are expressionless as there
body functions slowly stop, and they fall to the ground in a heap.  She stares 
daggers at the fusion.

"I could have done that without your help thank you," Teka says, Ryoko starts to 
shake violently.  Then, Ryo-Ohki and Yukinojo land in one of the small craters 
created by the blast,
Ryo-Ohki transform back into cabbit form, after letting Washu off first.  
Mihoshi and Sasami come barreling out of the ship, them and Ryo-Ohki trying to 
get to Tenchi first, Ayeka would
be right with them if she wasn't hurt.  When they get to the hill, they only 
find Ryoko and Teka staring each other down.

"Ryoko.who's he," Mihoshi asks, everyone face-faults.

"You haven't been paying much attention to this battle have you," Ryoko says. 

"Yes I have.I just wanted to know what his name was?"

Everyone breathes a sigh of relief, she wasn't as ditzy as they thought.  Teka 
gives a big smile.

"You may call me Teka, TE- from Tenchi, and KA- from Broka.  I could have killed 
them all in an instant if I wanted to, but I needed to show them who was boss 
around here."

".by letting them go," Ryoko says sternly.  Teka gives Ryoko a nasty look.

Ayeka manages to get to the group, she says with a smile, "Yes, well thank you 
for defeating those creatures," her face becomes irritated, "now get Tenchi out 
here or else."

"You can't do anything to me princess.  Besides, I think Tenchi wants to stay in 
this body," all of a sudden, Tenchi's voice comes from his mouth, "NO I DON'T," 
Teka covers his mouth.
All the girls give him a deadly look, he nervously laughs before saying, "Have 
it your way," he takes off one of his earrings and throws it to the ground, the 
earring starts to glow white
as does Teka, both of them erupt in a bright flash.  In Teka's spot, Tenchi is 
on the ground, dizzy and almost passing out, he's in his regular uniform, the 
space where the earring was a
Broka staggers around like a drunk, he stutters something about two 
cheeseburgers and a large malt.  The girls help Tenchi to his feet before they 
support his weight and smother him
with praises.

"Oh Tenchi I was so worried."

"I'm so glad you're all right."

"You were wonderful."

"Please Lord Tenchi don't scare me like that again," they continue to crowd him, 
Broka just looks at them with a confused face.  He sighs and heads out to the 
highest point of the
island.  He cups his hands together and holds them behind his waist, 
"KAAAAAAAAA!!"

The girls stop their praising when they realize the ground's starting to move.

"Uh-oh, he's doing it again."

"On the ground, it's safer."

"MEEEEEEEE!!"

"Stay away from any trees."

"HHHHAAAAAAAAAA!!"

"Cover your ears, this is going to be loud."

"MEEEEEEEEEE!!"

Everyone except Broka is on the ground with their hands over their ears, they 
embrace for the impact.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!" he thrusts his hands out and a wave almost as big as the 
island itself emits from his hands into the sky.  The ground gives away to the 
force the beam
is pushing Broka and he sinks into the ground.  The wave continues towards the 
large ship hovering above the Earth.  Inside, a distressed looking queen 
Katarang sits on her throne
before a patron runs out before her.

"Your highness!  Your highness!"

"What is it fool?!  Can't you see the entire army was destroyed by only TWO 
WARRIORS?!"

"That's not the least of our problems!  We just received a report from our radar 
that an extremely large energy wave has been emitted from the Earth, AND IT'S 
HEADING STRAIGHT
FOR OUR SHIP!"

"Put it on the viewscreen," a screen pops up and the wave is seen approaching 
the ship, her eyes widen with fear.

"If that wave hits us, this entire ship will explode, and even if we survive the 
explosion, we would be hurled out to space, and the pressure and lack of oxygen 
would destroy us!"  She
doesn't say a word, she can only stare at the wave until it hits the ship.  The 
wave creates the entire hull of the ship to glow blue, then, like Shoja, it 
explodes.  Back on Earth, Washu is
scolding Broka for destroying an endangered species.

"Those things were worth studying, why did you go and do that?!"

"If I didn't they would have regrown and come back again, do you really want 
that?"

"Well.no.  But that's beside the point!" they continue to argue and head towards 
Yukinojo.

                                                                
*********************

All's peaceful at the Masaki household now that Tenchi and Broka have defeated 
the last of the Katarangs...

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN TENCHI'S GONE     ?!"

...maybe not.

"That's just what I said, I went up to talk to Tenchi in his room and he wasn't 
there.  I went out to the field and to the shrine but I can't find him 
anywhere," Mihoshi innocently says.

Ayeka and Ryoko have Mihoshi in a corner like a scared mouse.

"He was just here a couple hours ago, how could he have disappeared," Ayeka asks 
herself.

"What were you doing in Tenchi's room," Ryoko, oblivious to the fact Tenchi's 
gone, asks Mihoshi.

"Just...some...things...nothing much."

"Nothing much?"

"Oh, Lord Tenchi, he could have been caught by a surviving Katarang, or could 
have hurt himself somewhere, or..."

"...or Mihoshi knocked him out, dragged him to her ship, and is just telling us 
to cover up her own plot," Ryoko says.  Ayeka snaps out of her stage and stares 
at Mihoshi.

"Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised, pretending to be so dumb for the past year and 
inside is a brilliant, evil mastermind," they lean extremely close to Mihoshi's 
whimpering face.  Sasami pops
her head out the kitchen doorway.

"Actually, Washu wanted to talk to him and Broka in her lab, they just left," 
Ayeka and Ryoko put their heads in their hands.

 

In Washu's lab...

"Washu, put me down right now, I'm tired of you tricking me like this," Tenchi 
says, his face looks exhausted, like from screaming too much.

"Oh come on Tenchi, you know you love this, don't ya," she hugs Tenchi's almost 
naked waist, a bright light and zapping sounds come from several feet away, "I 
told you, you can't
make any sudden moves or else you'll get fried," they look over at a completely 
charred Broka, who is in the same position Tenchi is in, boxer's on, giant arms 
wrapping around him, same
headband thingy. 

"I can't believe that I'm being tied up for an EXPERIMENT!"

"Well get used to it, by the looks of it, we're Washu's new playthings, at least 
you are."

"Some toys just never get old," Washu says with a evil grin.

"Actually Tenchi I meant I was being tied up for an EXPERIMENT, not that I was 
just tied up."

"What do you mean?"

"Huh..oh, oh...nothing," he nervously whistles, Washu and Tenchi start to sweat.  
Washu skips to her computer and starts to type.

"Let's see, the Juraien and Saiyan blood does look somewhat similar, although I 
can't possibly see how, being how they date back from different beginers." 

"Are you done yet Washu, we've been in this thing for hours," Tenchi complains.

"Still a fewww more things I need."

"What could you possibly need that you haven't already done," Broka asks.

"You just had to say that, didn't you?"

Washu reaches into a drawer, "I just need one more sample," she pulls out a 
rubber glove and snaps it on her hand.  Tenchi and Broka look in horror as the 
bulbs on the headbans start
to flicker faster and faster.

"WAAAASHHHUUUUUUU!!!"

                                                                
*******************

I realize that there was never ANYTHING about Katarangs in the saiyan legend and 
I know even more that Frieza never died when he destroyed the planet but I 
needed to change the
story a little to fit MY story.sorry to all DBZ otaku's out there.

This one was pretty long, huh?  I tried to even out the characters more, 
although I still need to work on Mihoshi.

NEXT EPISODE:  I'll tell ya when I think of it.



