Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. This fic is NOT part of my 2 other fic sagas so 
it won't share  
it's story line with them. this fic is based on events after the Movie: 
"Tenchi Forever",  
and the Tenchi Universe TV series. This is in a script format.  
  
"A Second Chance at Love"  
  
Prologue/Chapter #1:  
  
   Tenchi and Ryoko have fallen in love and married. Ayeka, having seen 
the love Ryoko had for Tenchi (as seen in Tenchi Forever), has gone 
back to Jurai and assumed the mantle of Empress of Jurai. A Jurai 
Knight Sagami has become her personal guard, and eventually became her 
husband, and consort. Sasami stayed on Earth and enrolled at Tenchi's 
old school more to assimilate the culture rather than get an education 
(Washu has been tutoring her in Jurian studies) will eventually be 
involved with a classmate at Tenchi's old school, who will later be 
another "famous" Anime character.  
Washu stayed on Earth has revealed to Ryoko of her being her birth 
mother and  started to have a friendship with her daughter, though they 
will hit some rocky spots. Kiyone and Mihoshi became permanently 
assigned as special agents (A promotion) in charge of the Jurian Prince 
and Princesses Security (Tenchi, Ryoko and Sasami) while on Earth. 
Nobuyuki is still the same but mellowed some and not as much of a 
Hentai. He is now starting to respect the girls more. Yousho 
(Katsuhito) still is in charge of the Masaki Shrine, but has shown more 
interest in a certain scientist (We'll see!!).  
Since this is an A/U fic based on Tenchi Universe, as well as the 2 
movies based on it, there will be references to them in one way or 
another.  
Now That I've caught you up with what's happened to the gang, let me 
just say that the focus of this fic will be Ryoko, Tenchi  & one of the 
other girls. More to the point the need of Jurian Royalty to follow 
traditions , and to change them.  
   
  
Chapter 1: Of Thoughts & Decisions  
  
    I have not really accepted my current situation. I left my 2 hurt 
friends in a cave away from the heat and wind of this desert planet.  
Both seem to be recuperating, but she is 9 months pregnant, which 
worries me to no end on this dirt ball of a planet.  I was 
reconnoitering the area making sure what, where, and who was there. I 
also was thinking of the strange offer my friends had given me. It was 
a tempting offer, a serious offer, something that would change my life 
and my heart. I was also out here to think about that as well. Oh God 
why now, and why them! I loved him from afar yet I hadn't thought of 
having a chance. I had grown to love her as a good friend ,even a 
sister. This would change that relationship somewhat. And, what of the 
others, how would my decision impact them. Especially one who has been 
at my side for so long. This will affect that person as well. I know my 
friends had no knowledge of this a year ago. Now they asked me this 
with a sincerity clearly viewed in their faces and in their hearts.  
  
Well, it's getting dark and with this planet's unusual dampening field 
preventing my wreaked ship or us from regenerating, I need to get back 
to them to protect them. I need to make my decision soon. Not just for 
them, but for me.  As I got back He noticed me first and spoke; 
Tenchi: Hey Kiyone, so what have you found on your little walk? 
Kiyone: Well we are definitely in a dirt ball of a desert planet, My 
scanner has located some water and food sources, but they're a good one 
to two days of walking.  
As I explain, she listens quietly and the asks; 
Ryoko: Did you find something so I can set my leg Kiyone? 
I nodded yes, and I took some parts from the shuttle, help set Ryoko's 
and Tenchi's broken arm.  
  
Ryoko had broken her leg horribly in the Jurian shuttle's landing, as 
well as some contusions, and Tenchi's broke his arm during the 
evacuation from the shuttle. They were now out of commission as their 
normal regenerative capacities were nullified by this dampening field 
surrounding this planet. We have provisions that I salvaged from the 
shuttle for a week, but my concern was Ryoko's Baby. Washu had briefed 
me with the knowledge that even Ryoko with her gems and recuperative 
powers, could not help her baby feed unless she ate food, which would 
go to the baby directly. This meant that if Ryoko stopped eating, the 
baby would die inside her while she could go without eating for months. 
Ryoko uses the natural energies of plants, minerals, air, even 
particles in space. This allows her to live even in the vacuum of 
space. 
Kiyone: Ryoko (I asked in a whisper, not letting Tenchi see my concern) 
how's the baby? 
Ryoko: (Telling me quietly while I help her adjust her seating) I don't 
think it's hurt, but I do know we need to get food soon. I don't want 
to think what will happen after next week. (Looking very concerned and 
sad.) 
Kiyone: (Taking Ryoko's hand) We'll be out of here by then, OK? (She 
nods Yes, though still looking concerned, I hug her to make her feel 
better.) After sometime, I distribute the food rations for the day, 
more to Ryoko than to Tenchi and myself. I need to find some food 
within the next three days, or Ryoko's baby could die. As we finish the 
small meal, Tenchi then asks me a question. 
Tenchi: Well, Kiyone have you thought about our proposal, Do you think 
you could become........ my second wife? 
I look at Tenchi, who is obviously earnest in his request, I then look 
at Ryoko, who would give up part of her time and Love with Tenchi, to 
allow me to love him as well. She was also as earnest look in her eyes, 
though more tired. 
Kiyone: While I was out, I had thought of not just what you asked, but 
of the ramifications to our friends, and to us. 
They look at each other and I recognize them telepathically speaking to 
each other. 
Kiyone: (Rather annoyed) Look if you want me to seriously consider 
this, you have to speak out loud and not use your link, OK? 
Ryoko: Sorry, but since we bonded it's become second nature. And don't 
worry, of you decide to "Join" us you'll have to bond with us, so there 
will be no secrets! (She pointed to her head.) 
Kiyone: Well, that's right there is one of the things I have to 
consider, and it is a bit disconcerting to know that I would have no 
secrets! 
Tenchi: But, you can shut your end of the link down when you want, 
(trying to calm my doubts)  
it's not on all the time, if it was, we'd drive each other crazy! (he 
showed his concern for my sanity and I accepted that for now.) 
Kiyone: listen, let me sleep on it OK, I have to weight the pros and 
cons, before I can answer you both OK? 
Ryoko: Ok, (Shivering a little) I feel cold, is the temperature 
dropping that quick? 
Kiyone: I'll scan and see (I held the scanner, moving from one side to 
the other, and confirming the temperature drop) We'd better start a 
fire, I'll heat this stone there with a energy blast from my laser 
pistol. It will keep us warm for the night. 
Tenchi: Why don't we group together as we sleep, will keep each other 
warm. (He then suggest a spooning position, with Tenchi, sandwiching 
Ryoko between him and me. He wants to make sure Ryoko and the baby got 
through the night well, I agreed.  
As we drifted to sleep I kept thinking of their proposal to be the 2nd 
future Empress of Jurai. I kept thinking above all, what will Mihoshi 
do if I did go through with it? With this thought I fell into an uneasy 
sleep, praying that I would have an answer to this  and our other 
problems.  
   
   
 Well you now know this is a T/R/K trio, not seen this much in any fan 
fiction yet. I have revised and fixed some of the spelling and 
grammatical errors, but it is a work in progress, so please keep that 
in mind. 
Next chapter will start about 1 week before this, build up to this 
current situation and go beyond to a fifth Chapter.  
Please R&R ASAP!! Thanks all for reading & being honest.  
   
  
