Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. This fic is NOT part of my 2 other fic sagas so 
it won't share  
it's story line with them. this fic is based on events after the Movie: 
"Tenchi Forever",  
and the Tenchi Universe TV series. This is in a script format.  
  
"A Second Chance at Love"  
  
Epilogue  
   
  
It's been  five years since I married Tenchi, and became Ryoko's 
sister-wife. I have been training with Katsuhito, who has several other 
students including my spouses, my niece Achika, and my and Tenchi's son 
Hiro.  
We are all living on Earth, in Tenchi's dad's house with Sasami, Washu, 
Katsuhito, and the kids.  
Ayeka and Sagami are expecting their third child, while Their son and 
daughter, Shiro and Rei come as well through one of Washu's portals to 
train here as well. 
My skills on the light hawk wings are getting better, now that i train 
with tenchi, and Ryoko. Yes She can now produce the wings as well since 
she recieved all three gems and Washu had manufactured a single gem for 
The tree Funaho which of course kept Yousho (He is now young again) 
alive and Washu happy. 
Not may enemies have tried to attack any of us since so many of us now 
have the power to destroy planets, so it' been relatively quiet since 
the attempted assassinations 5years ago! 
King Asuza had been found but was so hurt by the usurper Kagato, that 
he is in retirement. The Queens Funaho, and Misaki still serve Ayeka as 
head of Jurai Itelligence, and Head of the Royal Guard, but part of 
their time now is to look after their husband. They have come several 
times to vacation here with us. We have been able to help Ayeka out 
with some covert missions thanks to Washu and Ryoko's old contacts. 
But, for the mostpart we've been living here in our little piece of 
paradise. 
Ryoko and I are both pregnant again, so there will be more little feet 
to patter around our already crowded home.  
To say that I was happy with my decision now. I know I can't ever go 
back. I have the love of 2 people with beautiful  spirits in them, and 
I will be happy yo live out my life with them. 
Oh, and by the way, Mihoshi, who finally maried my little Brother Kiro, 
are happy back on megumi, with 6 kids, 2 sets of triplets. I wish Kiro 
luck and I have already contacted the GP Psychiatric Institute just in 
case he can't handle it! 
Mom, Well since they've met again,at my wedding, they have moved to 
jurai and are living a quiet but happy life outside the capital city. 
Well that's the update for now, hope to do this every year from now on! 
This is Retired Detective Kiyone Makabi-Misaki, 4th Princess of Jurai 
Signing off.  
  
Author's note:Well I thought you would have wanted to know what had 
happened since the wedding! 
Hope to continue this later!  
   
   
  
