Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. This fic is NOT part of my 2 other fic sagas so 
it won't share  
it's story line with them. this fic is based on events after the Movie: 
"Tenchi Forever",  
and the Tenchi Universe TV series. This is in a script format.  
  
"A Second Chance at Love" 
Chapter 2: Past & Present  
   
  
(Note I: The POV changes from chapter to chapter, so bear with me here 
if it's a bit confusing ...  
this is just the best way to tell the story! ^_^) 
(Note II: The following chapters - until noted - are various characters 
from the story re-living what happened. In other words all this  
happened before the first chapter ... or in the past ... you get the 
point I hope!) 
Flash back begin 1 week earlier----------------------------- (I have to 
say that or I get confused ...) 
The docking bay enlarged as the Yagami landed in it. Kiyone landed the 
ship as if on auto pilot. She was bringing Tenchi & Ryoko to Jurai to 
meet with the Empress Ayeka, her consort Sagami, and The Jurai Royal 
Council. She was not happy at the trip due to the fact that her friends 
were not happy at the reasons for coming to Jurai. Normally, they would 
be happy to visit Jurai, but now they (The Jurai Royal Council, & more 
specifically Lord Rengo  was trying to meddle in their personal lives & 
threatening the Ayeka's position as Empress, and that they were not 
happy with. 
As they three friends made their way through The Royal Palace 
accompanied by a small army of servants & Guards, The 1st Crown Prince 
& Princess of Jurai Made it the the Throne Room of the Empress Of 
Jurai. As the formal greetings were exchanged (Except for the servants 
& guards) the group made their way to a conference room adjacent to the 
Throne room. 
Then the real greetings were exchanged between Ayeka, Sagami, Ryoko, 
Tenchi, and Kiyone.  
The they started to discuss the situation that brought them together. 
Ayeka: I am so sorry you were forced to come here my friends, but I 
needed you here to help remedy this threat to the Royal families hold 
on the Throne. 
Ryoko: We are here as your friends, and we will defend you , but I want 
to meet this Aristocratic pain in the ass Rengo & teach him he can't 
meddle in a person's personal life, even A former space pirate & her 
prince. 
Tenchi: Honey (grabbing her hand softly) I agree. We are going to deal 
with this as best we can and Keep Ayeka were she belongs. 
Sagami: I agree, I cannot let  racists like Rengo sway the council to 
force Jurian traditions on both of you! 
Kiyone: I understand some of this , but can anyone tell me why they are 
forcing Tenchi to marry a 2nd wife? Why Tenchi and why not let someone 
else do that? 
Ayeka: Well, as Jurian Tradition and laws states, that the first Male 
heir, be he the Emperor, or 1st Prince must marry more than one wife to 
ensure that there would be more of a chance of a male offspring. Since 
Lord Tenchi is now the first Prince, he is being forced by the council 
& Rengo to marry a Jurian noblewoman so there will be a male heir who 
is either partially Jurian or mostly Jurian. 
Kiyone: Why can't Sagami & you be forced to do this, no offense Ayeka, 
but you are the Empress, & Tenchi & Ryoko have said they won't rule 
Jurai. That's why you are Empress, right? 
Ayeka: Yes, I am Empress, but I , not Sagami have the power, Sagami is 
my consort, so even if he did marry another wife.... 
Sagami: ....Which I'm not....... 
Ayeka: .....yes darling, She would be technically a Princess, but never 
an Empress!  If I died, or were incapacitated, neither Sagami, or the 
2nd wife would rule, that would fall to Tenchi, since he's the male 
heir. 
Kiyone: Oh... I see, so Rengo is trying to force himself by way of a 
2nd wife, to some of the power and prestige of the Jurai Royal Family. 
I'll bet he has a sister, or daughter who would become eligible to 
being this 2nd wife, right? 
Sagami: His daughter Brine would be one, though she isn't one to do 
this, one of my former crew mates on the battle tree ship I served on 
is her boyfriend,  So she would be forced by her father to marry 
Tenchi. 
Ryoko: I'd like to ring his scrawny neck! (Tenchi moves to hold & calm 
his wife down, she eventually does). 
Tenchi: Now, remember what Washu said, no use of the powers, especially 
the explosive ones, just keep calm, or you might hurt the baby, OK? 
Ryoko: (Patting her stomach, the smiles as she turns to Tenchi) All 
right my love, for you and our baby I'll not do anything......  (That 
is until after the birth, then just you wait Rengo!!) 
Kiyone: So, how are we going to solve it? 
Ayeka: We must find a loop hole in Jurian law to allow Tenchi & Ryoko 
to refuse this, ....but, of not, we need to find a friend who would 
enter into a paper marriage, for a time, until Rengo is not threat to 
us. 
Kiyone: You mean a Fake marriage, but doesn't the woman have to be at 
least partially Jurian? 
Tenchi: Well, we do have someone in mind, but see.... (a small 
pause)...... she doesn't know she is Jurian, Washu only this morning 
told me who she was and luckily she is a good friend. (he, and the 
others slowly start looking at Kiyone, Kiyone seems oblivious to them 
as she continues to ask questions. 
Kiyone: But, doesn't the afore mentioned paper bride have to give proof 
of their love, physically? 
Ryoko: Mom, I mean Washu has a way of making Doctored DNA, and she can 
make a sample for the council to believe. 
Kiyone: That makes sense, and that would mean that the paper bride 
wouldn't have to have..... hey what are all of you looking at me that 
way? (Then a realization sets in, and she makes a horrendous grimace) 
Oh no, wait a minute, I... I am the paper bride you guys want??? I am 
from Megami, I am not Jurian, so how could I be you choice? 
(Then a view screen popped into existence, and Washu's image 
materialized) 
Washu: Because My dear, your mother was Jurian, and a part of the 
Jurian nobility to boot! Aren't I the number one genius in the 
Universe, she cackled! 
Kiyone: What do you mean, Washu, My Mom is a Jurian noble?? 
Washu: you are actually, the Duchess of Serine, a province of Planets, 
south The Planet Jurai. 
Kiyone: But, ..... I was never told this, why would she hide this from 
me (Now distraught, & slowly shaking & her eyes were tearing up.) 
Tenchi and Ryoko, knodded. They made their way to where Kiyone was 
sitting, they slowly soothed her with pats on the back from Tenchi, 
Ryoko Who took her hand in hers and squeezed it. She got her composure 
back. 
Tenchi: We will fight this and will try to avoid this, but please 
Kiyone, we need to ask you to seriously consider this, it wouldn't be 
too long & when the time comes, we can get an annulment, OK? 
Kiyone stares at Tenchi, & Ryoko in disbelief! 
Kiyone: (Still with the puzzled look, she answers) I will consider it, 
but I need to go first to see my mother about this news you have 
brought me, OK! 
Ayeka:Kiyone, can you wait until the council has finished considering 
the proposal, what ever the outcome? 
Ryoko: We'd like to go with you, if anything for your moral support, 
you know like when we talked at the lake behind Tenchi's house when was 
it, ah ..... yeah 2 years ago, remember? 
A Flashback: 
Ryoko was at the end of the dock which jutted out into the lake, Ayeka 
and Ryoko had another fight over Tenchi and then Tenchi yelled at both 
of them. Ayeka ran up to her room, with Tenchi following, while seeing 
this, Ryoko teleported to the lake's dock.  
Kiyone saw this and walked towards Ryoko to talk to her. She found 
Ryoko, slowly & quietly crying, she slowly sat down and put her hand on 
the ex-pirate's shoulder. 
Kiyone: Hey, and no I'm not Tenchi, but you need to know something 
Ryoko! (She tried to teleported out, but stopped when she looked into 
Kiyone's eyes, the look of concern stooped her from leaving) 
Ryoko: Why did he go after her, he must like her more than me Kiyone? 
(Ryoko then let go of her emotions and slowly sobbed putting her head 
on  Kiyone's Lap, with Kiyone stroking her hair trying to calm her 
down, at least this worked in the many times Mihoshi had broken down 
crying as well.) 
Kiyone: Well, I just think he always does this, because most of the 
fights do usually start with you making Ayeka angry, you know pushing 
her buttons, and so he goes to her first. (Then after a short pause) I 
doesn't mean he cares for you any less, (Kiyone looks at Ryoko's eyes 
like a comforting sister.) just that this has gotten so typical, that 
he does this by force of habit, That's all! 
Ryoko: (Thinking about it, she starts to let Kiyone's words sink in, 
and becomes calmer, though not smiling) I have to find a way of showing 
Tenchi That I truly love him! 
Kiyone: Well there are 3 things you can change to help him notice you. 
Do you want to hear them? 
Ryoko: (Looking at her friend with concern, she finally knodded yes). 
Kiyone: First,Don't constantly glomp on him or badger him. Give him 
some space, you know when he wakes up, you could be in the room, just 
not floating 2 inches from his face. Do you understand? (Ryoko knodded 
yes) Good. Second, volunteer to do some chores, especially ones you 
hate doing, this will definitely make him notice, it will  show that 
you want to be more responsible. And finally, be honest, and you know 
what I know about honesty. I mean tell him how you feel, verbally, in a 
poem, something to show you are sincere. This will force him to look at 
you in a new way, you see it now? Ryoko's face lit up like a christmas 
tree? She hugged her friend and said: 
Ryoko: Thank you for helping me, I'll never forget this Kiyone. She 
then flew off towards the house! 
(*EndFlash back) 
Remembering what had happened at the dock, Kiyone knew that was the 
catalist that started Tenchi Falling in love with Ryoko. Ryoko took 
Kiyone's advice & They were married one year later. 
Kiyone: So, now you want me to help again,....... well I will let you 
know after I see my mom, fair enough? 
All of them knodded yes!  
   
  
Chapter 3 reveals Kiyone's Mother' secrets, A deadly conspiracy, & true 
friendship 
Bye all,  hope you  can be patient Now!  
   
   
   
   
   
  
