Disclaimer:
I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters, trademarks, etc.  
They remain the property of Pioneer and anyone else officially 
involved in them.  I am not claiming credit for anything except the 
basic storyline (excluding characters) and the character "Aiyh-Sa", 
who was created entirely by me.  Hahaha, you can't sue me now!!!





The Four Goddesses

     Rain beat down on the dark ground.  Thunder echoed in the night 
sky, illuminating the thick grey clouds.  The moon was full, and 
glowed with a ghostly aura.  Washuu stared out of the portal of her 
sub-space lab, watching the darkness.  She could see the entrance of 
the broom closet where the portal lay.  All around her was the faint 
whirring of machinery and the bubbling of numerous chemicals.  
Everyone else was asleep now.  Nothing had changed.  Yet, something 
felt wrong.  Washuu crept out of the portal and into the house.  She 
quietly made her way upstairs and checked on everyone.  Her daughter 
Ryoko, a demoness, was fast asleep, murmuring insults to Ayeka as she 
slept, her bushy, silver/blue hair spread out across the pillow.  She 
and Ayeka had hated each other since the moment they met, but this 
had to be the first time their feud had gone on in their sleep.  
Grinning, Washuu went to check up on the others.  Princess Ayeka, the 
heir to the throne of Jurai, and her little sister, Princess Sasami, 
were also asleep, and Ryo-Ohki the cabbit lay peacefully at the foot 
of Sasami's bed, purring faintly.  Her paws twitched every now and 
then, and her long ears kept tickling Sasami's feet.  Sasami and 
Ayeka both had red/pink eyes, and Sasami had blue hair, while Ayeka 
had purple hair.  Tenchi and his dad, Nobuyuki, were also safe, as 
were the two galaxy police, Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Washuu laughed 
quietly to herself.  The Masaki house had to be the weirdest house 
ever.  As well as Tenchi and Nobuyuki Masaki, there were two 
princesses from another planet, a demoness/space pirate, two galaxy 
police, a mammal that was a cross between a cat and a rabbit, and 
then there was Washuu herself, a 20,000 year old with the body of a 
12 year old with bright pink hair who had a sub-space lab in a broom 
closet, and was literally the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe.  This house was definitely one of a kind.
     Just as Washuu walked back downstairs, she heard a faint 
whisper.  She glanced around nervously.
     "Hello?" She whispered.  "Anyone there?  Sasami?  Mihoshi?  
Ryoko, are you playing tricks on me again?"  Hearing no reply, she 
walked towards the broom closet, only to hear a quiet voice call out,
     "Washuu, are you there?"  Washuu froze, petrified.  The voice 
continued, "Washuu, do you remember me?  I am Tsunami.  I am coming 
to remind you of who you are."  Washuu did remember.  Tsunami was a 
goddess, the Juraian Tree of Light, and had merged with Sasami when 
she saved her life.  So what was she doing here?  She was supposed to 
be a part of the little princess's soul. Suddenly, the voice stopped, 
and Ryoko cried out upstairs.  Washuu ran to her room.  
     "Ryoko, what's wrong?"  Ryoko looked at Washuu as if she'd just 
seen a ghost.
     "Did you see that?"  She whimpered.  "I saw a figure moving 
across my room to the stairs.  What if it was a ghost?"  Washuu 
smiled at her daughter.
     "No ghost is going to hurt you.  I think they'd be too scared to 
touch a demoness," she grinned and walked out.  When she was back in 
the lab, she heard footsteps.  They were coming from behind her.  
This was not good.  Washuu spun around.  Standing there was Tsunami.  
She was wearing her usual Juraian outfit, and her long blue hair 
seemed to glow in the darkness.  In fact, her whole body was glowing.  
Before Washuu even had a chance to speak, Sasami and the others burst 
into the lab.  Sasami beamed in delight at Tsunami.
     "Yay!!  Tsunami!!!"  she exclaimed, and ran up to the goddess, 
nearly knocking her over as she jumped into her arms.
     "For a little girl, you sure have a lot of strength," Tsunami 
laughed, smiling at the tiny girl in her arms.  She turned back to 
Washuu.  "Washuu, do you remember what I told you about your past the 
last time we met?"  Washuu nodded, looking slightly confused.
     

"You didn't mean it, did you?"  Washuu glanced at the others.  She 
didn't understand.  Tsunami couldn't have meant it.  How could she be 
what Tsunami said she was?
     "I certainly did mean it," Tsunami said.  "You are one of the 
Juraian Goddesses.  I am your sister.  Tokimi, your other sister, 
erased your memory.  That's why you have no knowledge of this."  
Ryoko's jaw dropped in disbelief.  Washuu was a goddess!  This was 
getting weirder each day.  Ayeka sniggered at Ryoko's stunned look.  
Tenchi almost fell over in shock, and Mihoshi just stared at Washuu.  
Tsunami continued to tell Washuu of what had happened.  Apparently, 
Tsunami and Tokimi had been locked in a vicious battle to gain back 
Washuu's memory.  Tsunami had created a fourth goddess to help her.
     "So, now I have another sister?"  Washuu asked, unsure of what 
to think.  Tsunami nodded.  
     "Her name is Aiyh-Sa.  She will be here soon, and then we will 
go straight to Tokimi.  We've managed to track her down, and in just 
hours we are going to attack her.  You and your friends can come too 
if you like."  Washuu looked around at everyone.  They all nodded at 
her, and she smiled.  She looked back at Tsunami.
     "Let's do this."  Just on time, a flash lit up the lab, and 
Aiyh-Sa appeared.  She had amber eyes, like Ryoko, and long, raven-
black hair.
     "Hi!  I'm Aiyh-Sa," she said to Washuu.  "I guess Tsunami's 
already told you about me."  She extended a hand.  Washuu shook it 
and turned to Ryoko.  
     "Get the ship ready."  Ryoko went outside with Ryo-Ohki.  The 
others followed just in time to see Ryo-Ohki grow in size.  Her huge 
ears folded back and her body gained a metallic quality.  She grew 
windows and doors.  Before they even had time to speak, Ryo-Ohki had 
transformed into a massive spaceship.  Steps to the door lowered, and 
they all clambered inside.  Once inside, they all took their seats.  
Aiyh-Sa sat down next to Ryoko.
     "So, are you Ryoko?"  Ryoko nodded silently.  She didn't trust 
this girl.  Aiyh-Sa seemed unaware of this and continued, "I've heard 
a lot about you.  Weren't you controlled by Kagato to do evil, and 
then locked in cave by Yosho?  You must've had a tough life."  Ryoko 
glared at Aiyh-Sa, her cat-like eyes burning with anger.  
     "Drop the subject, please," she snarled.  Aiyh-Sa looked hurt.
     "I've had a tough life too," she said quietly.  "Tsunami 
probably didn't tell you this, but only a year after I was created, I 
was captured by a group of scientists.  They shut me in a lab and did 
experiments on me.  You know how they sometimes test drugs on live 
animals by cutting them open when they're still alive?  They did that 
with me."  She pulled down the neck of her top to show a huge scar 
going across her collarbone.  Ryoko's eyes widened.  "They sliced me 
open and implanted all sorts of gadgets in me.  It was all to test my 
strengths and powers, but I was too young to know how to use my 
powers.  If I didn't do something the way they asked me to, I was 
beaten.  Once I finally escaped, I was too nervous to go near anyone 
except my sisters."  Ryoko felt suddenly guilty for acting so hostile 
towards Aiyh-Sa.  The poor girl had had such a hard time, and all 
Ryoko could do was ignore her and treat her like dirt!  How could 
Aiyh-Sa possibly forgive her now?  Still, no matter how hard Ryoko 
tried to like her, there was something not right about the young 
goddess.  She just seemed untrustworthy.  
     Meanwhile, Washuu and Ayeka were talking to Tsunami.  Sasami was 
perched on Tsunami's lap.  She was feeding Ryo-Ohki some carrots, and 
Ryo-Ohki was meowing in delight.
     "So, if it weren't for Tokimi, I would still remember about 
being a goddess?"  Washuu asked Tsunami.
     "That's right," Tsunami replied.  "I don't know why she did what 
she did, but I do know that over the years she has become somewhat, 
well, evil.  She plans to somehow destroy Earth, followed by Jurai.  
She must be stopped."  Suddenly, the ship started shuddering 
violently.  Tenchi awkwardly rose to his feet.
     "What's going on?" he yelled over the noise of rattling and 
groaning.  He raced over to the cockpit and looked at the autopilot 
monitor.  The words 'ENGINE FAILURE: STALL IMMINENT' were printed 
across the screen.  He rushed over to Ryoko.  
     "What's going on with your ship?"  He asked, panicking.  Ryoko 
instantly made her way over to the cockpit, and sat down in front of 
the controls.  She slammed off autopilot, and attempted to restart 
the engine, but failed.  The ship's frame started to groan even more 
as it plummeted towards land.
     "Come on Ryo-Ohki, don't fail me now," she said under her 
breath.  The ground was now getting a lot closer, which was never a 
good sign.  While she was messing with the controls, her eye fell on 
something that had just appeared in a pocket under the dashboard.  It 
couldn't be, she thought to herself, but it was.  A small egg rolled 
out of the pocket and Ryoko held out her hand to catch it.  Ryo-Ohki 
knew she was going to be destroyed, and had cloned herself.  Ryoko's 
eyes filled with tears as she gazed at the egg.  She looked at the 
screen.  Words appeared on the screen as Ryo-Ohki attempted to 
communicate with her owner.
    "Take good care of the new me," the screen printed.  Ryoko 
smiled.   
     "I'll miss you," she said, trying to hold back tears.  She wiped 
her eyes, placed the little egg safely in her pocket, and walked to 
the passenger area.  "We're going to have to evacuate the ship," she 
said as calmly as she could.  Everyone looked stunned.  Sasami 
started to whimper.  Tsunami saw this, and tried to comfort her.
     "Don't worry, we'll be alright," she smiled reassuringly.  
Sasami looked up at Tsunami, her eyes wide with fear.  She clung 
desperately to the goddess's arm as they all made their way to the 
emergency exit.  They all were now wearing parachutes, oxygen masks 
and helmets, except for Ryoko. 
     "I'll take Sasami," she said.  Ayeka rushed up to her.
     "Please, look after her," she begged.  "The last thing I want is 
my little sister hurt."
     "I'll come to," Aiyh-Sa said, jogging over to Ryoko.  Ryoko 
picked up Sasami, and the three of them teleported out of sight.  The 
others opened the door.  Tenchi looked at his dad, then Washuu.
     "They'll be alright, won't they?"  He asked, concern evident in 
his voice.  Washuu looked desperate.  She didn't know if anyone was 
going to make it.  Tenchi looked around at everyone.  Nobuyuki was 
already preparing to launch himself out of the plane.  Kiyone was 
helping Mihoshi with her parachute, and Tsunami was trying to stop 
Ayeka from worrying about Sasami.  Washuu walked up to the exit, and 
she and Nobuyuki jumped out of the ship.  Tenchi walked slowly up to 
the open door.  He looked down.  Even though the ship was falling 
quite fast now, they were still about 3000 feet above sea level.  He 
sat down at the edge of the door, and closed his eyes. He had to do 
this.  He didn't want to, but it was the only way he would ever know 
if Ryoko and the others were alright.  He took a deep breath, and 
jumped.


     Ryoko looked around, disorientated.   She was unsure of where 
they'd landed, or if the others were alright.  Aiyh-Sa was watching 
the sky, trying to see the others.
     "Any sign of them?"  Ryoko called out.  Aiyh-Sa shook her head.
     "Nothing," she replied.  "I think we may have teleported a bit 
too far out."  Suddenly her head jerked up.  "Wait a minute, I think 
I see them!"  Ryoko followed her line of sight.  Straight above them, 
small dots were floating down in the distance.  As she strained her 
eyes to see them, she realised that they were parachutes.  She picked 
up Sasami and walked closer to Aiyh-Sa.  The parachutes were getting 
closer now, and Ryoko could see the people in them.  Just as they 
started to run to where the parachutes were heading for, Aiyh-Sa 
froze.  Ryoko stared at her, confused.
     "What's the hold up?"  She asked irritantly.  Aiyh-Sa glanced 
over at Ryoko.  
     "I-I can't move!"  She stammered.  Suddenly an invisible force 
thrust her to the ground.  Then Ryoko felt it.  A strange feeling 
came over her, as if she was being encased in bricks.  The pressure 
around her increased and she found that she was paralysed.  She felt 
as if a huge weight was on top of her, forcing her to her knees.  She 
tried to resist, but there was nothing she could do.  She heard a 
cold, menacing laugh echo around her.  Sasami was thrown out of her 
arms, and was pinned down by the pressure.  She lay there, sobbing in 
fear.
     "Don't worry, Sasami, it'll be okay," Ryoko called out.  As she 
looked out to the horizon, she could see the mountains being lit up 
as the sun rose.  The sky was orange, and a warm breeze swept over 
her.  The feeling gave her a little comfort, but the she heard a 
deep, evil voice.
     "My child, it is time for you to come back to me."  A swirl of 
black smoke formed in front of her, and a shadowy figure stepped out.  
A sensation of despair and hopelessness filled her head.  It was 
Kagato.  He was the one who had imprisoned her all those years ago.  
She was little more that his puppet back then, and he had brainwashed 
her and made her do his evil work.  She remembered the killing she 
had done.  Those screams, those tortured expressions.  She would be 
screaming in her head, begging Kagato not to make her do this, trying 
to stop her body from harming the very people she loved.  However, 
this begging and pleading was always in vain.  Ryoko shuddered as the 
images filled her head.  She raised her head slowly, and her eyes met 
Kagato's.  Those evil, malicious eyes were the very ones that had 
glared at her all those years ago, looking at her as if she was a 
parasite, nothing but an insignificant insect.  She looked at Aiyh-
Sa, who was struggling to resist Kagato's hold.  Sasami was crying in 
desperation.
     "What do you want with us?"  Ryoko asked, her voice shaking with 
anger.  Kagato grinned his wicked grin.  He raised his hands.  Aiyh-
Sa and Ryoko were both dragged to their feet.
     "I never tell my slaves what they are not worthy of hearing," he 
said, in a silky, greasy voice.  He smirked at the two girls, 
silently taunting them.  He walked slowly to Aiyh-Sa.  He examined 
her closely, and then moved towards Ryoko.  He extended his hand, 
and..
     A blinding light sliced through his wrist, chopping it straight 
off.  He yelled out in pain, and released the hold on Ryoko and Aiyh-
Sa.  They dropped to their knees, weakened from struggling.  Ryoko 
summoned up all her energy, cupped her hands, and stretched out her 
arms.  A ball of energy appeared, which she shot at Kagato.  He was 
blasted backwards, and disappeared.  Aiyh-Sa looked out into the 
distance.  The others were running towards them.  The blinding light 
was a laser from Kiyone's gun.  They all looked really worried.  
Tenchi walked over to Ryoko and helped her up.  Aiyh-Sa stood up 
shakily, and went to check on Sasami.  Although she was scared by 
what had happened, the little girl wasn't hurt.  Ayeka rushed over to 
her little sister and scooped her up in her arms, holding her 
tightly.  Tsunami stepped forward and addressed the group.
     "We're getting close to Tokimi."  She pointed over to a cave in 
a mountain.  "She's hiding in there.  Everyone get ready, the time 
has come."  They followed her to the cave.  Mihoshi stared at it in 
wonder.
     "Why are caves always hollow? Why can't they just be like 
ordinary rock?"  She asked Kiyone.  Kiyone sighed.  Mihoshi always 
asked the daftest questions imaginable and touched things she 
shouldn't.  Her favourite trick was to mess with Washuu's machinery 
until it blew up.  Still, her heart was in the right place, and she 
tried her best to look intelligent. 
     As they reached the entrance of the cave, Washuu started to feel 
worried.  What was Tokimi like?  How powerful was she?  When Tsunami 
said 'attack', how violent did she intend it to be?  Anyway, all 
these questions would soon be answered, as they were now getting 
further and further away from the entrance.  Stalactites hung from 
the ceiling, like long, monstrous claws.  The air was cold and damp, 
and the rocks in the walls jutted out, resembling grotesque faces.  
The darkness hung around them like a heavy blanket.  The only light 
was from the glowing auras of Tsunami and Aiyh-Sa.  Tenchi gazed at 
the surrounding rocks and stalactites in wonder.  Never before had he 
seen such amazing structures.  Beside them, an underground river 
rippled gently, immense stalagmites protruding from the water.  He 
looked over his shoulder at Ryoko.  She was trembling slightly.  Ever 
since she had been locked in a cave by Tenchi's ancestor, Yosho, she 
had gained a slight phobia of the dark.  Tenchi waited for her to 
catch up, and put his hand on her shoulder, comforting her.
     "You, know, you don't have to be afraid," he whispered, as they 
followed the light from the two goddesses.  Ryoko looked at him and 
blushed.
     "I know," she sighed, trying to hide her embarrassment.  "It's 
just.well, this reminds me of my cave.  Being locked away, unable to 
see anything 10 feet in front of me.  Try putting up with that for 
700 years.  It's harder than it sounds."  She sped up with that, 
jogging towards her mother.
     "Washuu, I know this sounds a bit weird, but - I think I'm 
starting to, well, have doubts about Aiyh-Sa."  Washuu shrugged.
     "Forget about it for now.  Aiyh-Sa was created to help us, not 
betray us.  You've got nothing to worry about."  As she said that, 
Tsunami came to a sudden halt.  Aiyh-Sa picked up a stick on the 
ground by them, and examined it.  She ran her fingers up and down it, 
before turning to face her big sister.
     "This is it," she called out.  "We're here."  She handed the 
stick to Tsunami, who took it and placed her hand over the top of it.  
Her aura began to glow even more as she started to chant;
     "Ha-Kasamei-Urisia-Zaku.  HARASHEMI!"  At that moment, a light 
spun out of the stick, and floated towards the wall in front of them.  
In the middle of the wall, a strange symbol appeared, developing from 
the light.  Aiyh-Sa pressed her hands against it, and a crack formed 
down the middle of the wall.  It opened, leading to a tunnel.  It was 
lit with a vast number of torches.  They began to walk down the 
tunnel.  Sasami suddenly ran forward, and Ayeka rushed off to try and 
stop her.  The others followed, shouting for Sasami to stop.  When 
they finally reached her, they found themselves in a vast chamber.  
In the centre stood a shrine, with a coffin-like stone box resting on 
top.  Washuu jogged up to Tsunami and Aiyh-Sa.
     "Is this the place?"  She asked, quivering with a mixture of 
excitement and apprehension.  Aiyh-Sa nodded, rubbing her hands 
together.
     "yeah, this is it.  Tokimi's hideout."  Tsunami looked around, 
puzzled.
     "Where is Tokimi?"  She wondered aloud.  She walked over to the 
coffin, and Aiyh-Sa followed.  "Everyone, split up," she ordered.  
"She can't be far."  Soon, her and Aiyh-Sa were the only ones in that 
room.
     Ryoko knew she had to keep searching, but something was telling 
her to go back to Tsunami.  Something was definitely wrong.  She 
couldn't put her finger on it, but something was not right.  She 
ignored the feeling, and carried on walking.  Suddenly, she heard a 
scream.  The others were too far into the cave to hear it by now, so 
she headed back.  She froze in shock when she saw what had happened.  
Aiyh-Sa had Tsunami by her neck, and was forcing her to the ground.  
Tsunami cried out in pain as Aiyh-Sa's sharp nails dug into her 
flesh.  Aiyh-Sa's eyes had turned a deep crimson, and her hair had 
started to change.  That black hair of hers was now a turquoise 
colour, and midnight-blue streaks framed her now pale face.  Ryoko 
subconsciously blinked in disbelief.  She had only seen this face 
once before, but she recognised it instantly.  Standing before her, 
clutching at Tsunami's neck, was Tokimi.  Her face was twisted in a 
wicked grin as she leered down at her rival sister.  Ryoko shook off 
her shock, and ran forward to Tokimi.
     "What are you doing to her?"  She yelled, hoping that the others 
would hear her.  Tokimi's head snapped up, and she glared at Ryoko.
     "Something I should've done a long time ago," she replied, and a 
strange laser shot from her eyes.  It instantly sliced through 
Tsunami's waist, sending blood splattering everywhere.  Tokimi 
released her grip, and Tsunami's top half dropped limply to the 
floor.  Guts spilled out of her bottom half, and rolled onto the hard 
ground, just in front of Ryoko's feet.  Ryoko felt her stomach churn, 
and moved back.  She concentrated on sending her thoughts to Washuu.
     "Please help me," she said in her head.  "Aiyh-Sa turned into 
Tokimi, and she's just killed Tsunami."  After a few seconds, a voice 
entered her head.
     "I'm on my way.  I'll get the others."  Ryoko felt a wave of 
relief, but this was only temporary.  Tokimi created an energy shield 
around Ryoko, trapping her.  She turned to the coffin, and pulled out 
a large sack.  She stretched out her hand, and Ryoko felt the same 
force holding her that she had with Kagato.  She was pushed down a 
tunnel, with Tokimi following, carrying both the sack and Tsunami's 
body.  They were all thrown into a small room.
     "Forget about calling for help, no one will ever find you," 
Tokimi sneered, and a huge boulder rolled in front of the entrance 
blocking it.  Ryoko edged towards the sack, terrified of what she 
might find.  She nervously poked it, and it twitched.  She pulled the 
sack down, to find the real Aiyh-Sa.  Her hands and feet were tied 
up, and a gag had been placed over her mouth.  She looked up at 
Ryoko, then at Tsunami's body.  She squeaked in horror as she saw it, 
and the ropes and the gag suddenly disintegrated.  She ran over to 
Tsunami's body.
     "What happened?"  She gasped, staring accusingly a Ryoko.  Ryoko 
took a step back.
     "Don't look at me, I didn't do that," she said quickly.  "Tokimi 
did it.  She transformed into you and waited until she and Tsunami 
were alone, then sliced her in half."  Aiyh-Sa looked down at her 
dead sister, then back at Ryoko.
     "Let's get out of here," she said.  Ryoko stared at her, 
confused.
     "How do we escape?"  She asked.  "We're locked in!"  Aiyh-Sa 
looked at her as if she was the biggest idiot in the world.
     "We've got powers, stupid!"  She exclaimed, and blasted through 
the boulder.  "After you," she said to Ryoko, and the two of them 
headed out, but Aiyh-Sa suddenly stopped.
      "What?"  Ryoko asked.  Aiyh-Sa bent down over Tsunami's corpse, 
and joined the two halves together.   She placed one hand on the ends 
of each half, and the other over Tsunami's heart.  A beam of light 
moved down each hand, and into Tsunami.  The rip closed and Tsunami's 
eyes instantly flickered open.  Ryoko was so stunned, she had to 
quickly sit down.
     "Please tell me you're the real Aiyh-Sa," Tsunami moaned as she 
sat up.  Aiyh-Sa smiled with relief, and helped Tsunami up.  They 
headed over to Ryoko, who was still recovering from what she had just 
seen.  Tsunami grinned at her.
     "Come on now, it wasn't that bad," she laughed.  Ryoko blushed 
and got up.  They all headed back to the main room just in time to 
hear a deafening explosion.  Tokimi lay sprawled on the floor, with 
Tenchi and Washuu standing over her.  Tenchi had his energy sword, 
while Washuu was forming a lightning ball in her hands.  Tsunami 
walked slowly over to Tokimi.  Her eyes showed no mercy to the 
pathetic creature by her feet.
     "So, how does it feel now?"  She asked Tokimi.  "You're now the 
hunted.  Give Washuu her memory back, or this will be your final 
hour.  Life or death - choose."  Tokimi looked up at her sister.  She 
had no choice.  She took a pink crystal out of her pocket, and handed 
it to Washuu.  As Washuu held it, it absorbed into her hand.  
Memories came flooding back to her.  She remembered being a child, 
playing hide-and-seek with her two sisters, teleporting to different 
places, hoping no one would find her.  She remembered learning to use 
her powers, and accidentally turning Tsunami into a ferret in the 
process, then having to run away from her to avoid being pelted with 
food.  And she remembered - she shuddered as this memory came back to 
her.  Tokimi standing over her, laughing coldly, weakening her, 
draining away all of he precious memories.  She glanced over at 
Tokimi.  This girl was the very one that had caused her to suffer, 
yet she could not hate her.  She was her sister.  Tokimi had taught 
her most of what she knew.  She stood between Tsunami and Tokimi, 
protecting her evil sister.  She looked at Tsunami defiantly.
     "Let her go," she commanded.  "Dying is too easy an escape, let 
her suffer with her guilt."  Tsunami sighed, and moved away.
     "Let's leave this place," she said to everyone, and they all 
filed out of the cave, leaving Tokimi on the floor, crying silently.

     A few months later, and the Masaki house was back to normal.  
Washuu lay in bed, staring out of her window at the moon.  Now that 
she could remember who she was, life was a lot easier.  Aiyh-Sa and 
Tsunami were now living there too, and the new Ryo-Ohki egg had 
hatched.  However, something was missing.  Washuu wanted to see 
Tokimi again, but knew that the chances of that were remote.  Still, 
she imagined that perhaps someday she might see her again, and thank 
her for making her life what it was.  Without Tokimi, Aiyh-Sa and 
Tsunami wouldn't be living with Washuu.  Washuu closed her eyes, and 
said in her head;
     "I miss you, sister.  If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be who I 
am."  As she drifted off to sleep, she was sure she heard a faint 
voice in her head, saying;
     "I miss you too."
     

     
     

    
