I don't own these characters or make money off of them.


A day out
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Aeka sighed and lay back on the couch. She had finally gotten her family 
back together, but had still lost Tenchi. Sure he was going to stay at home 
with them. And he loved her and she loved him. But he loved her as family 
and was attracted to Ryoko. It didn't hurt as much as it might have. After 
all she had known that the choice had come down to Ryoko and Sakuya. He had 
picked Sakuya, Yugi had read his mind so she knew exactly what to say and 
do. But Sakuya had never existed and Tenchi was with Ryoko now. She was 
happy that Tenchi was happy, but she just wished he could have been happy 
with her instead. And finding out that he had been out on a date with Ryoko 
before he knew that Sakuya wasn't real hadn't gone over too well with her.
  But he was happy and he was home so she had to be happy with the cards she 
was dealt. While Earth may not be as beautiful as Jurai was to her, the fact 
that she didn't have to put up with being forced to do things as a princess 
made up for it. She wished Ryoko would show her a bit more respect though. 
Even Sasami got more respect from the pirate than she did and Aeka had been 
the one to pardon her crimes while under the influence of Yugi's henchman. 
Then again she was the only one that didn't like the pirate. Even Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had become friends with her after they realized she wasn't 
interested in hurting anyone any more. "Ugh, listen to me. Like I can do 
anything about this." She sighed and leaned back into the couch to watch her 
soap operas.
   Ryoko laugh. "Oh that's it. That's where we'll go!" She had just found 
the perfect place for that second date Tenchi had promised her. She had 
spent a lot of time thinking of where she went wrong the last time and what 
she did right. In retrospect it was a mistake to try showing off. He already 
knew what she was capable of. But on the plus side he had seemed to really 
like her at the end. Maybe if she toned it down this time. And this was the 
perfect place to do it. "Maybe he'll even kiss me this time."
  She smiled and flew out through the wall heading towards the shrine. When 
she got there Tenchi was sitting on the steps reading another note from his 
friends in Tokyo. She smiled and teleported behind him and covered his eyes. 
She grinned and leaned down whispering into his ear. "Guess who Tenchi." He 
blushed and a bit of blood came out of the end of his nose. Ryoko giggled 
and took her hands away, "I take it that you guessed."
  Tenchi smiled up at her. "Good afternoon Ryoko. What brings you out here?" 
She smiled and traced her finger down his cheek causing him to gulp 
nervously.
  "Do I really need a reason Tenchi dear?" She leaned forward and put her 
face in front of his.
  "I... I guess not." He tried to act calm and smiled, but his face was 
completely red.
  Ryoko laughed and backed up a bit. "Well you were right. I came to collect 
on a promise you made me."
  Tenchi looked up at her still a bit nervous. "And which one would that 
be?" He tried to remember the last promise he had made Ryoko... no, he'd 
gotten her the video. He had bought her that giant sized Sake bowl. So what 
could it be? Ryoko however wasn't going to let him off the hook.
  She mock pouted and looked at him with soulful eyes. "Aw Tenchi. I can't 
believe you don't remember. And after all the trouble I went through to look 
good. I even put on lipstick just for you."
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "You've figured out where you want me to take 
you on our next date."
  Ryoko laughed and nodded. Then she stopped and looked at him. "If you 
really don't want to go though I wont hold you too it."
  Tenchi smiled up at her. "No Ryoko, I'd love to go on another date with 
you. So where are we going and when?"
  She smiled and winked. "I'll tell you where when we get there, but as to 
when... how is tomorrow afternoon for you?"
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "Sure Ryoko, sounds fun." Ryoko smiled and flew 
off happily. Tenchi watched her go, "She always keeps me guessing." He put 
the letter from his friend's away in his pocket and began sweeping again. He 
knew Ryoko was still a bit insecure because of Sakuya, but they had talked 
it out and the matter had been dropped. She hadn't really existed and Tenchi 
was over her. He smiled trying to imagine what Ryoko had planned. Their last 
date had taken the two of them all over Tokyo. Tenchi had been a little 
embarrassed, but in the end had actually been a little surprised and sad 
that she had cut the date short.
  By the end of the day he had gotten himself so worked up that he could 
barely believe it. He was smiling like and idiot and knew it, but couldn't 
bring himself to stop. When he got home that evening Sasami greeted him and 
asked what he was so happy about. "Ryoko has picked out a spot for our date 
tomorrow and she wont tell me where it is." Sasami giggled and shook her 
head. "Sounds like her. So when you get back will you tell me where she took 
you?" Tenchi grinned and took his chance to tease the little princess. "Well 
that depends Sasami." Sasami pouted and looked at him. "On what?" Tenchi 
ruffled her hair, "On how good the dinner you made is." Sasami grinned and 
ran off into the kitchen. Tenchi went upstairs to change and shower before 
dinner.

(Now as filler I'm also going to add a side story. That's right, for the 
price of a single Tenchi fan fic your favorite author is not only giving you 
a Ryoko and Tenchi story, but one of his equally good Kiyone and Mihoshi 
stories.)

  Mihoshi grinned at Kiyone as they walked home from the bus stop. "I can't 
believe I agreed to go on a date with you Mihoshi. What was I thinking?" 
Kiyone asked.
  Mihoshi smiled and looked at her. "That I'm cute and you really like me 
even if I do make you mad sometimes." Kiyone sighed. It was true. They had 
been going out unofficially for a while now. But this was the first honest 
to goodness date her partner had ever asked for.
  "So where do you want to go? We can't afford to do too much. And we can't 
go back to the karaoke bar after what happened last time." Kiyone asked.
  Mihoshi thought about it for a while. "How about a nice lunch at that new 
restaurant in town and a walk through the woods?"   Kiyone thought about it 
for a minute. "That actually sounds like a good idea Mihoshi. But not a bag 
lunch. We still owe Tenchi that back rent ok?"
  Mihoshi nodded and put her arm around Kiyone, causing her to blush. 
"Alright Kiyone." Kiyone bit her lip and put her own arm around Mihoshi, 
leaning her head against Mihoshi's soft blond hair.
  They got home just after Tenchi did. Walking through the door they both 
flopped down on the couch and slouched back. Mihoshi yawned mightily. Aeka 
smiled at them and shook her head. "Another long day at work Kiyone?"
  The green haired girl nodded and moaned. "I'm just glad we get tomorrow 
off. You are so lucky Aeka. All you have to do is the normal household 
chores."
  Aeka giggled. "Well you know Tenchi said you two could do that too."
  Kiyone nodded and said, "I know, but I wouldn't feel right about it. 
Besides, Mihoshi and I enjoy being able to shop on our own money."
  Aeka shrugged. Anything she or Sasami wanted she just ordered from Jurai. 
Sometimes she would get something from off world that one of the others 
wanted, but most of the time they seemed to stick to Earth related supplies.
  "Well at least it's quiet around here so we don't have to do much police 
work." Kiyone nodded.
  Fifteen minutes later Sasami called everyone for dinner. Noboyuki had 
arrived home as had Yosho. Tenchi came down the stairs with his hair still 
slightly wet. Washu had come out of her lab to eat as well. The three girls 
from the living room came and sat down while Ryoko materialized next to 
Tenchi. Sasami came out of the kitchen carrying the food. It all looked and 
smelled delicious. Sasami winked at Tenchi and they all began to eat.
  "So what's everybody doing tomorrow? It is a weekend after all." Noboyuki 
asked. Aeka smiled and said that Sasami had promised to teach her how to 
cook. Yosho was going to work at the shrine as always. Noboyuki was planning 
on fishing at the lake. "Care to join me Tenchi?" He asked.
  Tenchi shook his head. "Sorry Dad. Ryoko is taking me out somewhere." 
Noboyuki grinned and Sasami giggled.
  Aeka raised her eyebrow. "Nothing inappropriate I hope Ryoko."
  Ryoko simply shrugged and grinned. Ryo-oki meowed up at Sasami. "Sure 
Ryo-oki, you can cook with Aeka and me."   Tenchi looked over at Mihoshi and 
Kiyone. "So where are you two going to be tomorrow?"
  Kiyone blushed and Mihoshi said, "We were going to check out that new 
restraunt and maybe take a walk." Tenchi nodded and said that that sounded 
fun.
  Ryoko grinned and whispered into his ear. "You don't know what fun is yet 
Tenchi." Tenchi blushed and quickly took a bite of food before he said 
anything stupid. Ryoko laughed and Sasami giggled again.
  The next day Tenchi woke up to find a note on the pillow next to him. He 
picked it up and read it. 'Good morning Tenchi. Sorry I'm not there to hug 
you this morning but I'm getting ready for our date and I want you to be 
surprised. Meet me at the west entrance to the big park off of Main Street 
in Tokyo at 11:30. Don't worry; I'll be on time. I promise. Love, Ryoko.' 
There was a lipstick print at the bottom. Tenchi smiled and put the note 
onto his dresser. He quickly got dressed and headed down stairs.
  Aeka was still asleep while Yosho and Noboyuki had already gone out. 
Tenchi sat down with Mihoshi and Kiyone. Sasami came out with their 
breakfast. Sasami looked at them and smiled. "You guys will be sure to tell 
me all about what you do on your outings today right?" The others just 
grinned and kept their mouths shut.
  Sasami laughed, "Fine if that's how you're going to be I'll let Aeka make 
dinner by herself." Tenchi shuddered. Aeka was almost as bad at cooking as 
Ryoko.
  "Sasami I'll wait until after the date to answer that question."He 
promised.
  Sasami giggled and said, "Alright, but if you wont tell me I'll just ask 
Ryoko." She stopped and looked around. "Where is Washu?"
  Mihoshi looked at Sasami and said, "She said she had something she was 
looking into today." Sasami sighed. She always worried when Washu missed 
meals.
  Ryo-oki hopped into her lap and meowed. Sasami smiled down and scratched 
behind her ears. Ryo-oki rubbed against her again, then hopped down to the 
floor where she had left her carrot. "Thanks for cheering me up Ryo-oki." 
She said. The cabbit just ran off with her carrot in her mouth.
  After breakfast Tenchi went to catch a bus into Tokyo and the two GP 
officers started the walk towards town. Tenchi was wearing clothes similar 
to those he had on his first date. Mihoshi was in a blouse and short blue 
skirt. Kiyone was wearing a red shirt and blue jeans. They waved to Tenchi 
as he got onto the bus and Tenchi waved back. It was going to be a fun day.

  Tenchi got off the bus and looked around the park. He spotted Ryoko 
sitting on the edge of the large fountain that sat just inside the entrance. 
She was twirling her fingers in the water and hadn't seen Tenchi's bus 
pulling up. She was wearing a green dress with a black ribbon on it. Her 
hair was hanging down her shoulders like it always did, but Tenchi noticed 
she had worn her lipstick again. It made him feel kind of special that he 
was the only one she'd ever worn it for.
  He walked over to her and said, "And what are you doing here all by 
yourself?"
  She looked up and smiled at him. "So there you are Tenchi." She stood up 
and put her arms around his neck. "How do I look?"
  Tenchi blushed and said, "You look great Ryoko."
  She smiled and stepped back blushing herself. "Thank you Tenchi." Tenchi 
took her hand and asked her, "So what were you planning today?"
  Ryoko smiled and squeezed his hand too. "I was thinking that we'd see what 
the park has to offer. Last time we went all over the city. I want some time 
alone with you today."
  Tenchi nodded and they started walking down the path and into the park. He 
put his arm around Ryoko's waist and she leaned into him.

  Mihoshi and Kiyone arrived at the restraunt at about noon. It was a buffet 
style restraunt so they just had to pay at the door.  Once inside they went 
through to fill their plates up and sat down at a table. Kiyone looked 
around at the mirrored walls and listened to the quiet music playing. "Wow 
Mihoshi, this place is nice."
  Mihoshi nodded and smiled at her. "I hoped you'd like it." Kiyone blushed. 
She wasn't used to going out on dates with anyone and this thing she had 
with Mihoshi was new to her. Mihoshi saw the blush and smiled more before 
taking another bite of her food.
  After a little while she looked up Kiyone. "Kiyone there's something 
that's been bothering me for a while." She sounded genuinely worried so 
Kiyone immediately looked up. "What is it Mihoshi?"
  Mihoshi bit her lip and looked down at her plate. "Well, do you remember 
when we were in space and had infiltrated Ryoko's gang?" Kiyone nodded. 
"Well I was just wondering if... well were you serious when you asked Ryoko 
if you could have Tenchi? I mean I wouldn't blame you or anything. I know 
you've never dated a girl before and I can't do everything a guy could..."
  She stopped when Kiyone put a hand on her cheek. "Mihoshi, I was just 
trying to get Ryoko to come back to Earth. Tenchi is family, nothing else. 
He loves Ryoko and... and I love you Mihoshi."
  A tear fell from Mihoshi's eye and she put her hand over Kiyone's leaning 
into her palm. "Thank you Kiyone. I love you too... I just had to know."
  Kiyone nodded and rubbed the tear out of Mihoshi's eye with her thumb. 
"It's alright Mihoshi." They sat back and smiled at each other.

  Ryoko was having a blast. First they had gotten hotdogs from a street 
vender and had ended up throwing the buns to some of the ducks in the pond. 
Then they had taken a long walk into the park. Finally they came to a man 
drawing portraits. Ryoko saw him and asked, "Tenchi can we?"
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. He walked up to the man. "How much?" The old guy 
looked at them and smiled. "Well usually it's ten hundred yen, but for such 
a cute couple I'll settle for five." Tenchi paid him and then he and Ryoko 
sat down on the bench across from him.
  When he was done they walked over and took a look. He had managed to get 
the looks on their faces just right. Tenchi gave him an additional five 
hundred yen. The man smiled and dug into a bag next to him producing a 
frame. He put their picture into it and sent them on their way. Ryoko looked 
at the picture and smiled. "Thank you Tenchi. I want to remember this day 
forever."
  Tenchi smiled at her. "I know I'll never forget it." Ryoko blushed and 
Tenchi put the picture away in his jacket.
  After a while they found themselves outside the zoo. Tenchi looked at 
Ryoko. "Want to go in and check out the zoo?"
  Ryoko smiled and nodded. "Sure, sounds fun. Um... what's a zoo?" Tenchi 
smiled and lead the way through the gate.

  Washu smiled as she watched the monitors. Tenchi and Ryoko's date was the 
perfect excuse to test her new nanocammeras. The microscopic robots followed 
them around recording the sites and sounds around the two. "If Ryoko knew I 
was doing this she'd probably kill me." Washu laughed hysterically. She 
switched the camera view to Mihoshi and Kiyone. "Let's see what they're up 
to..."

  Kiyone and Mihoshi walked through the woods holding hands. Cherry blossoms 
fell from the trees around them. Kiyone looked at Mihoshi and saw the 
blossoms in Mihoshi's hair. "You look really pretty Mihoshi."
  Mihoshi blushed and squeezed her hand. "Thanks Kiyone. You look great." 
Kiyone smiled and they leaned against each other. Suddenly a squirrel ran 
out in front of them across the path.   "Ahh." Mihoshi let out a small cry 
causing Kiyone to jump. They both looked at each other and bust out 
laughing. "Kiyone you almost jumped out of your skin."
  Kiyone grinned and pushed her finger into Mihoshi's chest. "Oh yeah? Well 
at least I wasn't scared by a squirrel!" Mihoshi grinned back.
  After a while they came to a large cherry tree that already had some fruit 
on it. "Ooo, those look good." Mihoshi said reaching for them. Unfortunately 
the tree was so big that the lowest branches with cherries were several feet 
out of reach.
  Kiyone laughed and shook her head. "Don't you ever stop eating?" Mihoshi 
looked at her pleadingly and she let out a sigh. "Oh alright. Get down here 
so I can get on your shoulders."   Mihoshi smiled and kneeled down. Kiyone 
climbed up onto her back and Mihoshi stood up shakily. "Whoa Kiyone. Who is 
it that eats too much?"
  Kiyone leaned down and looked her in the eyes. "Hey, one more remark like 
that and you wont get any cherries." Mihoshi closed her mouth in a 
tight-lipped smile.
  Kiyone looked up and reached for some cherries. She got a rather large 
handful before from below her she heard the all to familiar sound of Mihoshi 
saying, "Uh oh." She closed her eyes as she felt Mihoshi fall out from under 
her and landed on her butt.   "Ow!" Mihoshi bit her lip and looked at her. 
"I'm sorry Kiyone. My foot slipped."
  Kiyone groaned then sighed. "It's ok Mihoshi. I'm fine. Are you alright?" 
Mihoshi smiled and nodded. Kiyone winked and split the cherries between 
them.

  Ryoko stared in awe at all the animals in the zoo enclosures. "Wow Tenchi. 
There are such beautiful animals on this planet. Those tigers are just 
amazing."
  Tenchi smiled and looked at the tigers with her. "Yeah, I used to come 
here sometimes with my dad when I was a kid. Back then they didn't have the 
habitats. All the animals were kept in cages."   Ryoko looked at him 
shocked. "Put a beautiful animal like that in a cage with bars? That's not 
right."
  Tenchi nodded his agreement. "I know. They look so great in their natural 
habitats." They walked through the zoo admiring the animals.
  Ahead of them was a group of people. Tenchi wasn't really paying much 
attention until he heard someone call his name. "Hey Tenchi!" Tenchi and 
Ryoko turned and saw Amagasaki and a few of Tenchi's other friends coming 
over. The girls and the guys stopped in front of them and smiled. "So 
Tenchi, out on a date huh? Who's the pretty girl and how much did you pay 
her to go out with you?"
  Ryoko growled and a fang peeked out of her lips, but Tenchi laughed and 
squeezed her hand. "Very funny Amagasaki. This is Ryoko... my girlfriend."
  Ryoko's heart jumped slightly in her chest. She blushed bright red. The 
girls giggled and one of them said, "Well Tenchi it seems you have better 
taste than we thought."
  Amagasaki laughed too and said, "I don't know how you got such a cute 
girlfriend Tenchi. I guess now we have to stop signing those letters as 
'From your girlfriend in Tokyo'. Huh?"
  Tenchi smiled and looked at Ryoko. She had stopped blushing and gotten her 
usual fun loving smirk. "You'd better buster, or else."
  Amagasaki grinned. "Or else what?"
  Ryoko grinned and leaned down to pick up a rock. She glanced at Tenchi who 
smiled and nodded. She held to pebble up for everyone to see and then 
crushed it between her fingers and grinned at Amagasaki who gulped. "Heheh, 
whatever you say." Ryoko grinned and took hold of Tenchi's arm again.
  Tenchi smiled and asked, "So what are all of you doing here?"
  The girl that had spoken before said, "Oh we're on a class trip. We're 
supposed to split up into groups and pick an animal to take pictures of and 
write a paper about it."
  Amagasaki nodded and held up his camera. "Sorry we can't stay and tease 
you some more Tenchi, but we only have a little while." He and the others 
turned to go stopping to wave a ways down.
  After they were gone Ryoko looked up at Tenchi. "Did you mean it?"
  He looked back. "Mean what?"
  Ryoko blushed and hugged him close. "When you called me your girlfriend." 
Tenchi smiled and nodded. Ryoko let out a squeal of joy and swung him 
around. "Oh Tenchi I'm so happy!" Unfortunately she didn't have that good a 
grip on him and Tenchi went flying. She stopped and looked around. "Oh my 
gosh! Tenchi? Tenchi where are you? Are you alright?"

  Mihoshi laughed at Kiyone. The green haired detective had put a cherry 
over each eye and made a funny face. The cherries fell out and Kiyone smiled 
back. Mihoshi grinned and winked. "Want to see a real neat trick I saw on 
television?"
  Kiyone nodded. "Sure." Mihoshi took a cherry stem in her mouth and worked 
it around for a minute. She stuck her tongue out and Kiyone saw that it was 
tied in a knot.
  Kiyone grinned and picked the stem up off her tongue. "Nice trick 
Mihoshi." Mihoshi winked and looked at Kiyone.
  Kiyone popped the stem into her mouth and then stuck her tongue out. The 
stem was now untied. Mihoshi grinned and Kiyone dropped the stem to the 
ground. "Now if it's blatant come ons you want Mihoshi..." She held up a big 
cherry and said, "...remind you of anything?"
  Mihoshi blushed and Kiyone sucked the cherry into her mouth. "Now Kiyone 
you know it isn't nice to tease." Kiyone winked and they both leaned forward 
to kiss. Mihoshi moaned slightly and wrapped her arms around Kiyone. Kiyone 
moaned in response and ran her hands down Mihoshi's sides. When they broke 
apart Mihoshi laughed and showed her the cherry that was between her teeth.
  Kiyone laughed too, "Cherry thief!"
  Mihoshi swallowed the cherry, stem and all. "Well it was the last one. And 
what are you going to do anyway?"
  Kiyone scooted forward and looked Mihoshi right in the eyes. "I might just 
have to go after it." Mihoshi grinned and Kiyone reached forward to run a 
hand through Mihoshi's blond hair.   Mihoshi giggled and leaned in again. 
"If that's what you have to do..."

  Ryoko heard Tenchi's voice from one of the enclosures behind her. She ran 
over and looked in. He had landed in one of the streams that surrounded one 
of the environments. "Tenchi, are you alright?" Ryoko called down worriedly.
  Tenchi looked up and smiled. "I'm fine. I just need to get out of here and 
dry off." Ryoko jumped the fence and floated down next to him. She stood on 
the water then leaned down to help him up. Tenchi took her hand and stood 
up. "I'm so sorry Tenchi. Are you sure you weren't hurt?"
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "It's alright Ryoko. I'm fine and... Watch out!" 
The last bit was said right before Ryoko felt something hit her from behind 
and knock her into the cement wall.
  Tenchi gasped and looked at her. "Ryoko are you alright?" He was 
distracted by the huge polar bear that had knocked Ryoko down. It focused on 
him and roared. "Ahhh!" He yelled and backed up into the wall of the 
enclosure. The bear raised its paw and swung at Tenchi. He closed his eyes 
and prepared for the worst.
  After a minute he peeked out his eyes and saw Ryoko holding the bear's paw 
in the air. He glanced to where she had hit the wall. All that was there now 
was a hole about the size of her head.
  He turned back and saw Ryoko looking right into the bear's face, her eyes 
glowing red. "You ripped my dress."
  Tenchi yelled, "Ryoko don't hurt it." Ryoko growled and threw the bear 
away from her. It picked itself up and ran away. Ryoko turned to Tenchi and 
picked him up flying them back to the sidewalk.
  Tenchi looked at her and saw a huge bruise under her left eye. "Oh Ryoko, 
you're hurt."
  Ryoko blushed and shook her head turning away from him. "It's nothing 
Tenchi. It was my fault and I'm fine." She tied the tear in her dress 
together. Tenchi put his hand on her chin and turned her head to face him. 
The bruise had gotten a bit bigger.
  "Wait right here Ryoko. I'll be right back." He ran around the corner 
leaving Ryoko standing there. He came back a minute later with a small bag 
of ice. He smiled at her, "Now just hold still Ryoko. This will help the 
swelling go down." Ryoko shivered and smiled nervously as Tenchi held the 
bag against her eye. Tenchi took her hand and lead her to a bench where they 
could sit down.
  "Tenchi, you don't have to do this. I'll be fine in a little bit and it 
really was my fault." She protested.
  Tenchi smiled at her and shook his head. "It was an accident Ryoko. It 
wasn't your fault. Now just let me help you alright?" Ryoko nodded and 
smiled at him. After about ten minutes Tenchi took the ice away and saw that 
the bruise was gone. He smiled at her and Ryoko smiled back. Setting the ice 
aside he reached up and wiped the drops of water off of her cheek. He was 
about to pull his hand back when Ryoko reached up and held it in place. He 
stopped and looked into her eyes. Slowly they both leaned forward and closed 
their eyes. Their faces stopped a fraction of an inch away from each other 
and they both felt each other's breath on each other's lips.
  "Hey Tenchi!" They both jumped back as Amagasaki came running over. "Come 
on you two. I want to show you this really cool polar bear!"

  Kiyone and Mihoshi lay in each other's arms at the base of the cherry 
tree. Their hair was a mess of leaves, twigs and cherry blossom. Kiyone 
grinned and looked into Mihoshi's eyes. "This was a great date Mihoshi. 
Thanks."
  Mihoshi smiled and Kiyone kissed her quickly across the lips. Mihoshi 
kissed her back and ran a finger down her cheek. "You're welcome Kiyone."
  After a while they got up and cleaned each other off. Kiyone had a twig 
stuck in her hair. Mihoshi reached out and slowly pulled it out for her. 
"Thanks Mihoshi." Mihoshi smiled and Kiyone brushed a few blossoms out of 
her hair.
  "You know what Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked innocently.
  Kiyone smiled and asked, "No, what?" Mihoshi leaned forward and kissed her 
again pulling her close and running her hands down Kiyone's back.
  When she finally broke apart she looked right into Kiyone's eyes. "I love 
you. I may not know much else but that's something I'm sure of."
  Kiyone smiled and rubbed her nose against Mihoshi's, "I love you too 
Mihoshi." They took each other's hand and started walking again.
  Mihoshi bit her lip. "Kiyone... can I ask you something else?" Kiyone 
smiled and nodded. "You can ask me anything Mihoshi."     Mihoshi looked at 
her nervously and leaned close. "I've been thinking about this for a long 
time. I mean I know it isn't exactly the usual way of doing this and 
everything but I was wondering if... would you..." She stepped in front of 
Kiyone causing her to stop again. Kiyone looked into Mihoshi's eyes and 
gasped, having guessed the question just a moment before Mihoshi said, "Will 
you marry me?" Kiyone took a deep breath and stood there quietly for a 
minute, staring into Mihoshi's eyes.
  She bit her own lip in a mirror image of the look on Mihoshi's face. Then 
slowly... ever so slowly, she nodded and said, "Yes..." Mihoshi squealed and 
hugged her. Kiyone wrapped her arms around Mihoshi and held her just as 
tight. Tears streamed down both of their cheeks and across the others back.

  Tenchi and Ryoko had been following Amagasaki and the others around to all 
the cages. "You see Tenchi I figured that if we were all going to be here 
anyway you might as well see the zoo with your friends right? And Ryoko 
hasn't really gotten to know us yet." Ryoko sighed. She had been so close! 
She had felt his breath on her lips when this guy had just run up and 
totally ruined it. Now Tenchi was walking next to her holding her hand 
tightly and smiling reassuringly.
  They passed by the elephant cages and moved on to the enclosure with the 
rhinos. Amagaskai was bragging that if one of them charged him he'd be able 
to take it down. "Yeah right. If that thing started running at you you'd 
take off running in the opposite direction." One of the girls said. Tenchi 
smiled and looked around. It was about three in the afternoon. Suddenly from 
the other end of the zoo they heard a man call out loudly that it was time 
for the class to go back to school.
  "We'll see you later you two." Amagasaki said as they ran past them. 
Tenchi nodded and watched the kids all pile into the bus.
  Ryoko smiled and looked at Tenchi. "You have some interesting friends 
Tenchi."
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "Yeah, they're ok." Ryoko smiled and took his 
hand. "So what else it there to do at this park?"   Tenchi thought about it 
for a while. "Well since my clothes are still a bit damp how about we go to 
the roller coaster and dry off?"
  Ryoko looked at him. "Is a roller coaster anything like a zoo?" Tenchi 
grinned and shook his head. "No, it's kind of a ride."
  He led the way down the path and down towards where the park's single ride 
lay. Ryoko heard someone scream and held up her energy sword. "Keep back 
Tenchi, this could be dangerous."   Tenchi laughed and put his hand on her 
wrist. "It's alright Ryoko, trust me." They came through the trees and Ryoko 
stared. Above her stretched a massive line of metal tracks. Tenchi smiled 
and lead Ryoko to the ticket booth. She was listening to the screams of the 
people on the ride yell and scream and just stared in shock. She didn't come 
out of it until Tenchi tried to get her to sit in the ride.
  She stopped dead and looked at him. "Are you sure this is safe?"
  Tenchi grinned evilly and looked at her. "You aren't scared are you?"
  Ryoko smirked, "Of course not..." Then she looked at the seat again and 
frowned.
  Tenchi smiled and helped her in. "Don't worry Ryoko, I'll be right here." 
Ryoko sat down and Tenchi got in besides her. The bar lowered and Ryoko 
considered phasing out and waiting for Tenchi until the ride was over.
  Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder and smiled to make sure she was all 
right. She smiled back and the ride began moving. It wasn't so bad at first. 
It slowly rose up the track and reached the top. Then it suddenly plummeted 
downward causing Ryoko to let out a startled yell. She was used to flying. 
She had flown in a space ship, had flown on her own, but this was nothing 
like that. She had no control as she fell towards the ground and then curved 
up into a loop. She screamed and grabbed onto the bar in front of her with 
all her might. The ride finally stopped and Ryoko turned to Tenchi with her 
jaw hanging down. She pulled her hands off the bar. Tenchi noticed that she 
had actually left fingerprints. Then she smiled at him. "Can we go again?" 
Tenchi laughed and they went to pay for another ticket.

  Kiyone and Mihoshi finally stopped crying and looked at each other. 
Mihoshi smiled at her. Then she reached into her pocket and withdrew a gold 
ring from her pocket. There was an interlocking pattern through the whole 
thing and a diamond set in the middle.
  Kiyone stared at it in shock. "How... how did you afford that?" Mihoshi 
smiled and winked. "Well we get paid by the galaxy police and can't use the 
money on Earth so I saved it up. Then... remember last month when I said I 
had to do something and barrowed the ship?" Kiyone nodded numbly and Mihoshi 
picked up her hand. She slid the ring onto Kiyone's finger.
  Kiyone stared down at the ring like it was going to eat her finger. 
Mihoshi looked at her a little worried. "Are you alright Kiyone?" Kiyone 
nodded and kept staring at the ring. Mihoshi smiled and looked at her 
expectantly.
  Kiyone looked up and smiled at her. "It's beautiful Mihoshi. I just... I 
don't know what to say."
  Mihoshi smiled and held Kiyone's hand in hers. "That's alright Kiyone. I 
don't know what to say a lot of the time either." Kiyone laughed and Mihoshi 
winked.
  Then Kiyone looked at her seriously. "You know what you have to do now of 
course." Mihoshi looked at her curiously and a smile crept across Kiyone's 
face. "You have to take me to where you got this so I can get you one to 
match. And maybe some plain gold ones for later." Mihoshi hugged her and 
Kiyone hugged her back.
  "Kyoeni I'm so happy!" Mihoshi said and kissed Kiyone again. Kiyone nodded 
and broke away, "Me too Mihoshi."

  Washu stared at the screen in shock. "Wow... didn't see that coming." She 
grinned. Today seemed full of surprises.
  Yosho came up behind her. "I know what you mean. Who would have guessed 
Kiyone and Mihoshi..." He shook his head.   She smiled up at him. "How about 
we check in on Ryoko and Tenchi again?" Yosho grinned and nodded.

  Ryoko and Tenchi laughed. "Oh that was so much fun. And so scary! I don't 
know how you could just hold your hands up in the air like that."
  Tenchi smiled. "Well my clothes are dry and... Oh no." She looked up as he 
reached into his jacket and drew out the picture of the two of them. It had 
been totally washed away. "Oh Ryoko I'm sorry."
  Ryoko smiled and took it from him tossing it over her shoulder and into 
the trashcan behind her. "It's alright Tenchi. I don't need it."
  He smiled and put an arm around her. "Really?" She nodded. "Yes, really. 
I'll never forget this day." Tenchi smiled at her. Ryoko looked up at the 
sky and saw the sun heading towards the horizon.
  Ryoko took Tenchi by the hand and lead him through the park over to a 
large pillar that was in the middle. It rose above the trees around them and 
was covered with intricate carvings of animals and the top was flat. She 
looked at Tenchi. "Want to watch the sunset with me Tenchi?"
  Tenchi smiled at her and said, "I can't think of a better way to end the 
day." She smiled and picked him up, flying them to the top of the pillar, 
setting them down softly.
  Looking out Tenchi saw the sunlight hit the tops of the trees turning the 
leaves gold, orange, and red. Ryoko leaned against Tenchi and the two of 
them watched as the sun sank below the horizon. Tenchi put his arm around 
her and ran his fingers through her spiked hair. As the sun sank completely 
out of site and was replaced by a bright full moon and a sky full of stars 
Tenchi and Ryoko turned to look at each other. They closed their eyes again 
and leaned closer. This time there was nobody to stop them. Their lips 
touched and both of them felt an electric shock go down their spines at the 
same time. They broke apart slowly and smiled at each other. "Wow..." Tenchi 
said.
  Ryoko nodded. "You said it."
  A cold breeze shot across them and Tenchi put his arms around her. "Want 
to go home?"
  Ryoko shivered and nodded her head. "Yeah. There is no way this day could 
get any better. Unless..." She looked up at him and grinned. Tenchi blushed 
and a drop of blood fell from his nose. Ryoko laughed and shook her head. "I 
guess not. Let's wait until the third date for that... by the way, I think 
it's your turn to pick where we go next time."
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "That seems fair." They hugged and Ryoko picked 
him up in her arms and flew him home.

  It was an hour after sunset. Washu, Yosho, Aeka, and Sasami were the only 
ones at the table. Noboyuki had decided to camp out by the lake and cook the 
fish he had. And the others hadn't gotten home yet. Aeka pouted and looked 
around. "This is just because I was cooking." She stopped and looked at 
Sasami. "Once again, I'm so sorry for burning the casserole."
  Sasami smiled and took a bite out of a piece of pizza. "It's alright Aeka. 
We haven't had pizza in a while."
  Washu smiled around her piece. "Don't worry. The others should be here 
soon. Right Yosho?" Yosho nodded. Sasami and Aeka frowned.
  "And exactly how do you two know that?" Aeka asked suspiciously.
  Washu tried to say that she had done some calculations but Sasami shook 
her head. "I can't believe you two. Spying on them. And you didn't even tell 
us what happened."
  Washu grinned at the little princess. "Well if you really want I got all 
the juicy parts on video."
  Aeka looked at Washu. "Absolutely not. I order you to destroy those tapes 
immediately." But her words lacked conviction. She was dieing of curiosity.
  Washu held up black videotape. "Well if you want Aeka... or we could pop 
it into the VCR and watch it." They all piled into the living room and put 
the tape in. They watched it for an hour. When it was over Aeka was crying 
and smiling at the same time. Sasami and Ryo-oki were just smiling and the 
other two looked smug. Sasami then ran out to tell Yugi what had happened 
that day.

  Tenchi and Ryoko arrived home at the exact same time as Mihoshi and 
Kiyone.  The moon shined down on them from above and they all smiled at each 
other. Tenchi reached to open the door when he saw a note on the door. He 
read it out loud for everyone, "'There is pizza in the table for you. Washu 
taped you guys all day. The tape is in the VCR.'"
  Ryoko growled and crumpled the note. "Washu!" Then she broke out laughing. 
"Well we should have known. So is everyone up for pizza and a movie?" Kiyone 
and Mihoshi nodded and Tenchi opened the door for everyone.
  The next morning found both couples asleep in front of the television with 
pizza sauce around their mouths.

The End

Author's note
  Was that romantic or what? Please accept this as my apology for the 
Kiyone/Mihoshi lemon I just wrote. I usually don't work in the Tenchi in 
Tokyo universe, but the last few episodes of that weren't bad and it was a 
good excuse to get Ryoko and Tenchi on a date. If you wish to comment email 
me at clayton_n@hotmail.com

