Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights and

trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, so
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  However,
this
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't copy
it and
claim it as your own. This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-oki
characters,
so Mihoshi isn't as dizzy, though much more clumsy!This story will be
continued and revised!


A Second Chance

Chapter #1: A Mystery for Mihoshi

Like all detectives, Mihoshi Koramatsu was curious about mysteries.
That was one thing that stuck to the daffy Galaxy police detective, to
solve that mystery.
Otherwise,  she couldn't keep a thought in her head for more than 30
seconds.
The only other thing she did keep in her head were high mathematical
formulas and
theories which totally drove the resident Scientific genius Little Washu
Habuki mad!
(Might be one reason she is!!)

But back to the original thought, Mihoshi just hates an unsolved mystery.
There was one that kept her on edge.
Every evening Nobuyuki Masaki, Father of Tenchi Masaki
(The reasons these 5 girls were living here in the first place),
seemed to disappear from his office in his house for an hour every night
that he wasn't late at work!
Now otherwise he would reappear without incident or that anyone had noticed

(All except Mihoshi, & Washu)

Washu had known of Nobuyuki's travels almost every night and thought
nothing of it,
until she saw that Mihoshi was trying to snoop around trying to find out
where he was going!
This gave her a mischievous idea. "Why not get her on the case officially,
and drive her nuts for once!"
thought Washu. So, after dinner one night Washu approached Mihoshi and told
her of her concerns about Nobuyuki's disappearances. Now Mihoshi had the
excuse to intensify the investigation, as one of the house members
(Washu) had asked her (A Galaxy Police officer) to check on Tenchi's
father,
"To make sure he's OK" said a seemingly worried Washu.
Don't worry Detective First Class Mihoshi is on the case!" answered a happy
Mihoshi.
"Good, that'll keep her out of my lab, and out of my hair!" Though a happy
Washu!

Over a week later Mihoshi had a very uncharacteristic frown on her face.
She couldn't figure out how he left his office and come back.
Now if she could think that she was in a home with a resident scientist
that could open portals to other places,
you'd think she would figure that out. But, Mihoshi didn't put that idea
together with that fact.
To her that Nobuyuki was human and so wouldn't have had that type of
technology.
So, it was while searching his office during the time of day she would have
been taking
her afternoon nap that she found it. she was so frustrated, that she sat
down in the chair
behind his desk and leaned back , then a portal magically opened and
Mihoshi fell in!

She ended up on a path about 10 meters from the Masaki Shrine. She first
got her bearings,
and then her detective instincts kicked in, she saw the path lead back
through the forest and away from the shrine.
A series of foot prints led to the grave of Tenchi's mother Achika Masaki.
She had died when Tenchi was 5 years old.  She remembered back to an
earlier conversation
she had with Tenchi's grandfather about the way Achika died and of how
Nobuyuki had not taken her death well.
He basically left Tenchi in the care of his grandfather and for almost a
year he grieved.
This separation had caused a strain in Tenchi's relationship with his Dad.
So much so, that Katsuhito became Tenchi's father figure while his own Dad
sank into work and girlie mangas
to cope with the loss of Achika. Now that Mihoshi understood where he was
going,
she would stake out the area around the grave site after dinner.

She observed Nobuyuki as he ate dinner and took his customary walk up
stairs to his office.
When he closed the door, Mihoshi excused her self and made her way to a
spot in the brush around the grave site.
As he walked out of the portal he went to the bench in front of the grave
site and sat down.
As she observed he started to talk to his wife's grave.
**Note Nobuyuki is speaking, Mihoshi's thoughts are in ( )!!***
"Well hello, My dearest. I am here again, ......but I fear that I can't
keep this charade up much longer.
("What was he talking about?" thought Mihoshi)
"I can't keep this mask in front of them, especially Tenchi."
(I'd better take notes, I might have to inform the others about this!
thought Mihoshi)
" I miss you so much my love, and I can't stop thinking about to you. I
have had a hard week so far dearest,
seeing how Tenchi is still not able to choose one of the girls.
Now you know I would love for him to choose quickly, so he would see how
when you have someone to love,
and that person loves you back, that is the greatest feeling you can have.
I know you know what I mean honey bun!"
("Ho my, I didn't know he was this lonely!" Mihoshi thought)
"I just wish Tenchi would realize this and not keep these girls guessing.
If he takes too long  He might lose them all!"
(Mihoshi then began to think back through her life. She realized that
except some dates in college
and The Police academy, she hadn't found anyone who really took her
seriously except Tenchi.
Now, she was beginning to fell the pangs being described by his father)

"I think I will be joining you soon, My love, I simply am too lonely here.
I mean I love that our son has the attention of all the girls, but it just
makes it worse on me,
that's why I act the way I do, to keep women away.
I'm too afraid to find someone like you asked me to... to... when you ...."
He then started sobbing quietly.
(This was a revalation to Mihoshi, not only was Nobuyuki not a real peeping
tom,
but he purposely acts the way he does to keep the girls away .
"I feel so much like him, except I'm using my job  to keep men away.
I know I'm a bit of a bubble head, but I know I can make someone a good
wife
and I do want to have kids someday. But I don't see it happening with
Tenchi much anymore.
I mean I have Ryoko, and Ayeka to compete with. I need to be realistic,
I don't have much of a chance." Then after a moment of silence she made a
decision.
Mihoshi slowly get up from her hiding place and made her way towards he
weeping man.
Without thinking about it, she comes around him, and kneels down and hugs
the startled father of Tenchi.

Within several moments the man loosens up and melts into the young woman's
shoulders
and sobs loudly and hard. She keeps rocking the middle aged man as he lets
out over
12 years of frustration, and grief. it took about 15 minutes for Nobuyuki
to cry himself out!
As he finally calms down, he raises his face to hers and sees that she too
was crying quietly as he had.
He wanted to thank her, and then he has an idea, he slowly drew her to his
shoulders and repeated
what she had done for him earlier, she then began her crying fit which
lasted another 10 more minutes.
When she quieted down she held up her head and saw a smiling and caring
face.

Nobuyuki said; "Thank you, I really needed to do that but, I didn't have
any close friends I could confide in!"
She smiled back and replied; "I needed someone too, I didn't know I was
that sad, but now"
(She takes and squeezes his had) "I have someone to talk to,.... and you
have one too!"
Looking down to the ground at that moment, Nobuyuki asked; " Did you hear
everything Mihoshi?"
Now looking guilty, She quietly nodded yes, then she slowly whimpered out
why she was there!
She told him of her suspicions, and what Washu said.
After some silence as he contemplated what Mihoshi had said, he then
stated:
"I am glad you and Washu cared enough to check up on me, I had some
unhealthy thoughts over the last 2 weeks,
and I was thinking that the cliff there would have made a good jumping off
point"
(Mihoshi looked terrified, but before she could react, Nobuyuki Held his
hand up to her and continued:)
"It's OK, I don't want to do that anymore, I realize that I have friends
who care for me
and I won't think about those thoughts anymore, I promise!"
At that Mihoshi hugged him again relieved that he wasn't going to hurt
himself.
Then after a few moments of silence, Mihoshi spoke;
"Mr. Nobuyuki, if you need to talk to someone, I can talk to you, it's OK
really."
"Thank you Mihoshi, and please call me Nobuyuki, I mean friends do call
themselves by their first names right"
(Both have a smile on their face) "Ok, Nobuyuki, do you think it's time to
go home now,
the others might be worried? asks Mihoshi.
Nobuyuki answers: "I guess your right, but when we get back, do you want
some hot tea,
I feel like talking some more with my friend!" (Giggling) "Oh Nobuyuki, I'd
be happy to! answered Mihoshi."
And instead of going walking through the portal they both headed for the
shrine stairs.
Mihoshi and Nobuyuki are chatting arm in arm as they head for home and have
a new
appreciation of caring, friendship, and maybe more!!

Well, hope I got you people thinking of some more odd combinations but
If you do explain away the Hentai aspect of Nobuyuki's character, he had to
have been a good
and at heart to produce Tenchi and his moral standing! But, still it's an
interesting idea!

Ok I have had several request to continue this story. So, I'll write up 2
more chapters to fill this one shot out!




