Disclaimer: I don’t own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters in this story,
and I’m not making a profit off of this.

Author’s notes: I have had this fic on fanfiction.net for quite sometime,
and I finally decided to post it here as well. This was written as a
birthday present to Ayeka-hime.  All of you AHRLIs out there should just
skip this one. ^_^

                        A Birthday of New Beginnings

                                  by Leeman

Two men stood circling each other in a small clearing in a forest. Both of
them were panting loudly, and both of them were badly scratched and bruised.
The young man leapt high into the air and brought his bokken crashing down
upon the bokken of his elder opponent. A fierce test of strength ensued as
each of them tried to push the other one backwards. The young man gritted
his teeth and strained with all of his might, but the elder man’s face was
adorned with a slight smile. "So, Tenchi, is this your limit?" Tenchi smiled
and leapt backwards.

"You wish it was, Grandpa!" Tenchi rushed forward and slashed at Yosho’s
side, but his blow was easily blocked with a swift swing of Yosho’s bokken.
Tenchi redirected the power from Yosho’s deflection and knocked Yosho’s
bokken upwards. This opened up an opportunity for him to score a solid hit
on his side. Yosho gritted his teeth and slashed at Tenchi’s head. Tenchi
leaned backwards and bent his knees, and he shot forward as soon as he felt
the wind of Yosho’s bokken sweep across his face. He brought his bokken up
to score a hit on Yosho’s chest, but he narrowly missed because Yosho leapt
backwards. Tenchi ran forward with a scowl on his face, and Yosho waited
until for Tench’s strike. When it came, he merely sidestepped out of its way
and stuck out his foot. Tenchi was going to fast to stop or avoid it, and he
found himself face down in the dirt. Yosho casually strolled up and tapped
Tenchi’s head with his bokken signifying his victory.

"You mustn’t allow your emotions to get the best of you. Your skills are
excellent, but you cannot put them to good use if your judgement is hindered
by anger or frustration." Tenchi rolled over, and Yosho extended his arm to
help him up.

"Yes, I know. I allowed myself to get carried away. I’m sorry. " Tenchi took
his hand, and Yosho pulled him up, and then sighed.

"Well, I guess we had better call it a day. I suppose Sasami will have
dinner ready by now." Tenchi’s stomach growled loudly as if in agreement.

Tenchi’s mind began to wander as he walked back to the house at Yosho’s
side. Of course, it didn’t take very long for it to hit home with a sweet
Juraian princess who had stolen his heart so many years ago. He could
remember that day well.

(Flashback) Tenchi had been training with his grandfather, when he heard a
woman cry out. This caused him to lose his focus, and his grandfather
clobbered him on the head. When they went to investigate the source of the
cry, they found Ayeka sprawled out on the ground in a revealing position

She had injured her leg badly, and his grandfather had instructed him to
carry Ayeka home on his back. He protested a bit, but he ended up obeying
him. However, a rainstorm had managed to creep up on them, and they were
forced to take shelter in an old shed.

(End Flashback)

It was during the time he spent with her in the shed that he felt the first
few sparks in his heart that set off the raging wildfire that burns
uncontrollably within him now. It took him years to realize his passion for
the princess who now haunts his thoughts and dreams, but he was pleased that
he had been able to come to terms with it. Of course, there have been a
couple of obstacles that keep him from confessing his love to his fair
maiden. One such obstacle was Ryoko. He loved her too, but that love is one
that a brother has for a sister. He knew Ryoko’s feelings for him ran much
deeper though. The last thing he ever wanted to do was harm anyone in his
family, but he knew Ryoko could be wounded deeply if he were to choose Ayeka
over her. The other obstacle in his way was the fear of being taken from his
home. Ayeka is the first crowned Princess of Jurai, and he, himself, is also
a prince. He put two and two together, and he figured that he would one day
have to take the throne by Ayeka’s side. Although the idea of running an
empire was awe-inspiring, it wasn’t what he was cut out to do. He enjoyed
working at his father’s architectural company, and he had already gained
much prestige for one so young as he. He was only twenty-two, but he had
already become the head of the branch of the firm located in Okayama, and he
loved his job. He didn’t want to give up his familiar life on earth to live
on a strange planet filled with strange people.

Tenchi was snapped out of his thoughts by Yosho’s voice. "Tenchi, are you
thinking about her again?" Tenchi sighed.

"Is it that obvious?"

"Of course. I can always tell by looking at your eyes. If they’re glazed
over, then I know exactly who you’re thinking about." Tenchi blushed
slightly.

"I just wish I didn’t have to keep my feelings hidden. You and Dad are the
only ones who know."

"You can’t keep it that way forever, Tenchi. I know you’re worried about
Ryoko, but she has grown much stronger in these past years. It was because
of you that she was able to keep her sanity after the things Kagato put her
through. However, if you keep hiding your feelings, you’re eventually going
to cause much more pain than you would by telling the truth. Each day that
you maintain the appearance of being neutral, Ryoko’s hopes increase a
little more. She doesn’t deserve to be led on like this, and the rest of the
family doesn’t either. You’re going to have to come to terms with everyone,
and the sooner you do, the better."

"You’re absolutely right, Grandpa, but I still don’t want to cause anyone
any more grief. Ryoko has been through hell, and now that she’s happy, I
don’t want to see her hurt."

"You are very compassionate, and I know you don’t want to intentionally hurt
anyone, but you’ll only end up causing more unintentional pain if you don’t.
We’ve been through this before, but I really think you should listen this
time."

Tenchi fell silent as he mused over Yosho’s words. *I know he’s right, but I
still can’t bring myself to hurt Ryoko. She is so much happier now. I also
don’t want to shatter her and Ayeka’s friendship. I’ve never seen two
friends closer than they are even though they try to deny it, and I don’t
want them to truly come to odds over me. This is hopeless!* Yosho noticed
the slight scowl on Tenchi’s face. "Tenchi, I’ll say one more thing on this
subject. Ayeka does love you very much, but how long do you think she’ll
wait for you? I’ve heard her mention going back to Jurai a few times in
recent months. You don’t want to lose her, do you?" The color drained from
Tenchi’s face.

"She might actually leave?"

"Yes. I think it’s possible. You’ve been keeping her waiting for years. I
think it’s time you finally resolved this matter before you hurt your family
and yourself."

"I didn’t think that she would actually leave!"

"She hasn’t left yet, and she hasn’t made any decisions yet, but I just
wanted to let you know that your window of opportunity is starting to
shrink. Her birthday is tomorrow, and it would be the most opportune time to
confess your heart to her. Special occasions can have different effects on
women, and it may influence her recent thoughts about going home. If I were
you, I would suck it up and talk to her before you come to deeply regret
your silence."

"Thank you. I understand, and I know what I have to do, but I must talk to
Ryoko about it first."

"Don’t spoil the whole day by talking to her too early. Wait until tomorrow
evening before you take any action."

"I will."

"You will what?" Both Tenchi and Yosho sweatdropped and turned around to see
the greatest scientific genius smiling up and them with an evil smirk on her
face. It was enough to make both Yosho and Tenchi tremble with fear. Tenchi
scratched his head and laughed nervously.

"Uh...Little Washu, how long have you been following us?" The evil glint in
her eye already confirmed his fears, but he was still hoping against hope.

"Let’s just say I’ve been here long enough to familiarize myself with your
problems."

"It’s not nice to spy, Little Washu," Yosho said with a frown.

"Would an innocent little genius like me spy?" She said while cocking her
head and beaming a smile. Tenchi sighed.

"Please don’t let anyone else know about what you’ve heard. I don’t want to
ruin tomorrow’s celebration."

"If you let me get that sample, I could keep my lips zipped tight." Yosho
quirked an eyebrow.

"What sample are you referring to?"

"I just want a teeny tiny little sperm sample from Tenchi." Yosho rubbed his
chin.

"Hmm...I see."

"No way, Little Washu! I can’t do that!"

"Sure you can. Don’t worry, I’ll give you a quick lesson about the birds and
the bees before we begin."

"I don’t need any lessons, and I won’t give you any samples." Washu pouted.

"Well, if you want to be that way . . ." She pulled out a small, black
device with a red button on it. " . . . I could always press this button and
play your conversation on the television back at the house. Ayeka and Ryoko
were both watching it when I left."

"You wouldn’t," Tenchi said in a weak voice.

"Oh yes I would, but if you let me get that sample I won’t."

"Don’t you think that’s being just a bit too hasty, Little Washu?" Yosho
questioned with a slight frown on his face.

"Let me think for a moment . . . nah." Tenchi face faulted. "I’ll count to
three, and if you don’t agree to give me that sample, I’ll press this
button." Tenchi gave her a pleading look, and she smiled sweetly. "1 . . . 2
. . ." Tenchi winced, but remained silent. " . . . 3" She pressed the
button, and a bucket of water appeared out of subspace and soaked the two
shocked looking men.

"Jeez! That’s freezing!" Tenchi exclaimed

"Gah! That’s c...c...cold!" Yosho shouted at the same time. Washu threw her
head back and broke out into a fit of laughter.

"You guys really thought that I would broadcast your conversation on the TV
at home?" She broke out into another fit of laughter. Both guys sighed.

"I thought she was serious."

"She even had me fooled, Tenchi, so don’t feel badly about it." A solemn
look etched its way into Washu’s features.

"Tenchi, I want to talk with you in the lab before you go to bed. There are
a few things we need to discuss before tomorrow."

"Okay, I’ll be there."

"If you’re not, I’ll come into your room and take that sample." Tenchi’s
eyes grew wide.

"I promise I’ll go to your lab before I go to bed," he sputtered out
quickly.

"That’s more like it. I’ll see you at dinner." She stepped backwards into an
open subspace portal and disappeared. Yosho found himself chuckling.

"We have quite a family, don’t we?"

"Don’t get me started."

"You just love it, don’t you?"

"Shh...don’t tell anyone else my secret." Yosho chucked again.

"Don’t worry. Everyone knows you too well by now. You can’t hide behind your
mask of solemness anymore."

"Yeah, I know, but I can still try."

"You’re hopeless, Tenchi."

"Hey, I’m not the only hopeless one around here."

"Ah. We’ll see who’s the hopeless one during tomorrow’s training."

"I look forward to it, old man."

"This old man still has a few tricks up his sleeve."

"I bet you do, but I’ve learned a few tricks of my own."

"Yeah, and I taught you those tricks."

"Not all of them." Yosho just smiled and breathed in the fresh smell of
cherry blossoms.

"Remember to be up at dawn. We’ll head out early to train so we can help
make preparations for the party after we’re finished."

"I will."

Tenchi knocked on the door to Washu’s laboratory. Her face appeared in the
small window and told him to enter. He opened the door and stepped inside.
He was a bit nervous because he didn’t know what she wanted to speak to him
about. It’s not that he didn’t trust her, but the cute, little scientist has
tried a few tricks on him in the past. He cringed at an old memory where
Mihoshi stumbled into the lab just in time to save his virginity. *Thank
Kame-sama for Mihoshi’s uncanny ability to end up at the right place at the
right time. I hope there’s no need to pray for any divine intervention
today. Washu did seem very serious, though, so I don’t think she’s up to any
games. That’s even more disturbing. I wonder what she wants.* Tenchi walked
into another door and found Washu sitting on her floating cushion typing
away at her holotop computer. As soon as he was in the room, she turned
around and smiled. "Hello Tenchi. I’m glad you could make it."

"Hello Little Washu. What did you want to talk to me about?"

"Come over here and sit down." A floating cushion appeared out of nowhere,
and Tenchi strolled over and took a seat. "First of all, I would like to say
congratulations."

"Uhh...for what?"

"For finally finding the one most precious to you."

"Umm...thank you." Washu smiled.

"All of us girls are quite fond of you, Tenchi. The degree of that fondness
varies, however. Sasami has had a crush on you for as long as I’ve been
living with you, and I suspect it’s the first crush she’s ever had. Being a
young teenager, I’m sure she’ll probably be a little upset when she finds
out how you feel, but I’m sure she knew that your heart would either go to
Ryoko or Ayeka. She’s very perceptive, so I don’t think she’ll have too much
trouble getting over losing your heart, when she knows she never had it. Now
onto Mihoshi. You saved her life numerous times over the years, and she
seems to think it was destiny that dictated that you and she would be
together. Mihoshi is much more intelligent than most people give her credit
for, but her maturity level is that of a child. She was badly overworked at
one time, and her mind adapted to reduce her high stress levels. What I am
leading up to is that her crush on you is like that of Sasami’s. However, I
don’t think she’ll be too upset because she really isn’t serious about you.
Once she knows where your heart lies, she probably won’t be affected by it
at all. She isn’t able to become stressed out due to the adaptations that
her mind had to make in her past. Now it’s time for me to talk about myself.
I, too, have an interest in you. You are one of the kindest and gentlest
guys I know. You are a lot like my husband was, and my interest in you is
not as a research subject like I always tried to make it appear. I’m being
honest with you because I believe that none of us should have to hide
anything any longer." Tenchi started to say something, but Washu put a
finger on his lips to silence him. "This brings us down to Ryoko. She is one
of the reasons why you’re hesitant to reveal your feelings for Ayeka,
right?" Tenchi nodded. "Well, you have good reason to be fearful of the
wound this will inflict upon Ryoko, but you must understand that she is a
stronger person than she was before. She’s learned to deal with her
emotions, and she has learned to be very open with her feelings. You are the
most precious thing in the entire universe to her, and I know just how much
you mean to her because of my mental link. However, her friendships will all
of us have finally begun to outweigh her feelings for you. She will probably
be devastated when she discovers that you chose another, but she has her
family to fall back on. She will be okay in time, but you mustn’t show her
any affection beyond that of a friend when she breaks down and cries because
of your guilt, or she will never accept your decision. Ryoko and I have
grown close, and I love my daughter very much. I knew that this was a
possible scenario, and I vowed to myself to help Ryoko pick up the pieces of
her broken heart. I have told you all of this so you will know what to
expect, and to try to put your mind at ease. You don’t need to worry about
Ryoko. She’ll be just fine."

"Thank you, Little Washu. This means a great deal to me."

"Oh, and before you go. You’ll need a gift to give to Ayeka tomorrow, won’t
you?"

"Gah! I forgot all about buying her a gift! Oh man. I’ll have to head out
first thing in the morning."

"Hold on just a minute there, Tenchi. I want you to have this to give to
Ayeka." She pulled out a diamond necklace with a heart-shaped gem on it that
was the color of a royal teardrop. "This was given to me by my husband long
ago. It’s the last thing I have to symbolize our relationship, but I want
you to have it."

"Little Washu...I...I...can’t take this from you."

"I want you to have it. You saved my daughter from the cave she was held
prisoner in, and you helped her to become a loving person. You also gave me
a place to live where I could finally enjoy my life and let go of my past.
All of you have helped be to break the chains of my horrid past, and this is
how I wish to repay you. Please take this and give it to Ayeka as a birthday
present. I have no need for it anymore." Before his eyes, Washu changed into
her adult form. "I cannot be a mother to my daughter if I live as a child.
She will need me more than she ever has after tomorrow, and I must be strong
for her. Take this necklace, Tenchi, and allow me to let go of my past."
Tenchi carefully picked up the necklace out of her outstretched hand and
held it up to the light and watched it sparkle.

"Thank you very much, Miss Washu. I would be honored to accept your gift."
He stood up and bowed out of reverence and gratitude.

"No, thank you Tenchi and good luck tomorrow." Tenchi nodded and left the
lab. Washu sighed. It wasn’t easy letting go of her tear-filled past, but
she knew it was for the best. She had another child, and another family. In
some ways, her new family was more precious to her than her old one. *Well,
I’ve decided to enter the adult world again. I love my daughter, and I will
do all I can to ensure her well being. Social status and class are two great
evils that I may have to face once again, but this time I’m not alone.*

Tenchi rose at dawn and quickly dressed in a pair of black paints and a blue
shirt. He slipped on his shoes, grabbed a bokken from his closet, and headed
to the shrine where Yosho was waiting for him.

Ryoko awoke early as well. It was her job to take Ayeka out into the city
while everyone else setup the house for the party. It was a beautiful day
outside. The bright orange sky, the hint of cherry blossoms in the air, and
the cool morning breeze was the perfect setting to sit on the roof and
relax, and Ryoko didn’t need to think twice about it. Today was her best
friend’s birthday, and they couldn’t have asked for better weather. Autumn
was fast approaching, and she knew it was Ayeka’s favorite time of year. She
smiled as she thought back to all the times her and Ayeka fought over the
simplest of things, and how they still mock argue now. *No matter how hard I
tried, I couldn’t stay angry with her. I used to think she was a spoiled
brat, but I know now just how strong her character really is. No one could
break that girl’s spirit, and I am very glad that we’ve come to know each
other these past few years. Happy birthday, my dear friend.* Ryoko phased
out and reappeared on the couch in the living room. Ayeka had just reached
the bottom of the steps and was on her way to the couch. "Good morning,
devil woman."

"Good morning, Princess," Ryoko replied as snottily as possible.

"What a terrible sight to behold on such a beautiful morning."

"You don’t look so good, yourself." Ayeka flopped down on the couch next to
Ryoko and grabbed the TV remote.

"I wonder what’s on TV."

"Look and see. Anything would be better than conversing with you."

"My sediments, exactly." Ayeka flipped on the TV and browsed the channels
for a few minutes, and then sighed. She turned it on the news and laid her
head back on the couch cushions.

"Happy birthday, Ms. Priss."

"Why thank you, monster woman." Silence fell upon them, and Ayeka thought
back to many of the events that took place since she decided to stay on
earth. She smiled as she thought back to the times her and Ryoko fought
actively over the most trivial things. Both of them had made fools out of
themselves too many times to count, but all those times were precious to
her. *I honestly hated Ryoko when I first encountered her. She stole my
love, Yosho, from me, and to add insult to injury, she stranded me on this
inhospitable planet. Now that I think about it, she did me two great favors
back then, and I am grateful to her. I thought she was a heartless monster,
but I slowly began to learn just how much heart she possessed. Her capacity
to care seems endless, and although she still tries to mask some of her
feelings, she ends up failing miserably. I’ve drunk sake with her to the
point of drunkenness many more times that I would like to admit, I’ve
chatted nonsense with her in the onsen on numerous occasions, and I’ve
confided some of my deepest secrets in her, and I cherish all of those
moments we spent together. Without her, my life would have been doomed to
the oppressions of my title, including marrying some egotistical noble to
increase the influence of Jurai’s royal family. I was jealous of her and how
free she was to do as she pleased, and it was because of this that I decided
to drop many of my princessly manners. I do miss my home planet, but this
has become my true, permanent home thanks to Ryoko and the rest of my family
here.*

Sasami skipped down the stairs with a brilliant smile etched on her face.
She hadn’t lost any of her cheerfulness over the years. Actually, the only
thing about her that was different was her physical appearance. She was a
head taller, her pony tails had grown proportionally, and her features
fuller and more pronounced, but she was still the same kawaii princess she
always was. She spotted Ayeka and Ryoko sitting on the couch and walked up
behind them. "Good morning, Ayeka. Good morning, Ryoko." They both turned
around at the same time and smiled.

"Good morning, Sasami," they said in unison.

"Happy birthday, Ayeka."

"Thank you."

"What are you guys doing up so early? I never thought I would see you up
before breakfast, Ryoko."

"I just woke up," Ayeka said as she shrugged.

"Same here," Ryoko claimed as she also shrugged.

"Oh, I see. Well, I’m going to go make breakfast. Is there anything special
you wanted, Ayeka?"

"No, no. I’m just fine with whatever you decide to cook."

"Okay." Sasami turned around and skipped to the kitchen followed by a sleepy
Ryo-ohki.

Tenchi and Yosho returned a little while after breakfast, but Ryoko and
Ayeka were already in Tokyo thanks to one of Washu’s latest inventions, a
handheld subspace teleportation device. After wolfing down the food Sasami
had saved for them, Tenchi and Yosho commenced work on the preparations. A
large banner that said, "HAPPY BIRTHDAY AYEKA" had to be hung in the living
room, balloons had to be blown up and hung around the room, the karaoke
machine that Washu made for Ryoko last Christmas had to be dragged out into
the open, tubes containing confetti had to be rigged to surprise Ayeka when
she walked in the door, ribbons had to be strung from balloon to be strung
from balloon to balloon after they were in place, a red carpet leading from
the front door to the chair Ayeka would sit at to eat her birthday dinner
had to be laid out which meant that the L-shaped couch had to be moved to
the other side of the room, and finally, a small fireworks display had to be
setup on the end of the dock behind the house.

Sasami had much work to do as well. A grand feast had to be prepared for
dinner, lunch had to be prepared for everyone’s break from making
preparations, a carrot cake large enough for everyone to have a generous
piece had to be baked, the frosting for the cake had to be made, and some
sake would have to be heated.

Washu was hard at work in her lab working on a birthday present for the
princess, and Mihoshi’s job was to assist Tenchi and Yosho whenever
possible. Ryo-ohki, in her adult form, was assisting Sasami in the kitchen
and being scolded for sneaking carrots periodically.

Tenchi was just sliding the couch across the room with Yosho’s assistance
when the telephone rang. He ran over to the small table where the phone lay
and picked up the receiver.

"Masaki residence," Tenchi spoke politely into the receiver.

"Hello, is this Tenchi?"

"Hello, Dad. What’s up?"

"I won’t be able to visit tonight. A new client offered this firm a very
high paying job on the premise that I handle it personally. He is from the
U.S. and he wants me to design a modernized building complex for his company
which has decided to expand into Tokyo. The plans are to be drawn up as soon
as possible, so I won’t be able to fly over until I’m finished."

"Oh, that’s too bad. So, do you think you’ll be able to take a vacation
after you are finished? Your Tokyo branch of the company can survive without
you for a few days, you know."

"A vacation would be a great idea. As soon as I’m finished with this
project, I’ll fly in for a visit. Oh, and how’s your branch of the company
going?"

"We’re doing as well as can be expected. The population influx into Okayama
has decreased dramatically, and we’re barely able to keep our heads above
water. Don’t worry, though, business should pick up again soon."

"I hope so, but if it doesn’t, we always have the Tokyo branch, and it has
been doing very well."

"That’s good to hear. Well, I have to go. There is much to be done before
Ayeka and Ryoko come home, and time is short. I know you must get back to
work on your newest project as well."

"Understood. I’ll talk to you later, and I’ll drop by for a visit as soon as
my hands aren’t tied behind my back."

"Bye, Dad."

"Bye, Tenchi." Tenchi returned the receiver to it’s resting position on the
base of the phone and headed over to help Yosho finish moving the couch.

"Who was that?" Yosho inquired.

"Dad called to say that he couldn’t make it."

"Oh, I see."

Tenchi wiped his brow and plopped down on the couch. All the preparations
had been made, and the only thing that was left was the princess’s arrival.
Washu emerged from the lab with a sweet smile on her face, and announced
that Ryoko and Ayeka would be arriving in just a few minutes. She placed a
large, wrapped box in the corner where all of the other gifts lay. *Ryoko,
where are you guys at now?* Washu thought across her mental link with Ryoko.

*We’ve just arrived outside of the gate, and we’re walking up towards the
house now.*

*Is Ayeka carrying anything fragile?*

*Hold on, let me ask.* . . . *Yes, why?*

*Carry it for her, and make sure that she opens the door first.* Washu could
feel Ryoko smile over the link.

*Gotcha.*

"Hey, everyone, they’re about ready to walk in the door. Let’s get ready to
greet them." Everyone stood up and took their places on either side of the
red carpet that led to Ayeka’s chair at the dinner table. Everyone tensed up
as the doorknob slowly turned. The door was then pushed open and the rigged
confetti shot up at Ayeka, and everyone yelled, "Surprise!" Tenchi quickly
snapped a photo of the bewildered look on Ayeka’s face as she took a step
back to keep herself from falling. It took her a few seconds to recover, and
a warm smile let everyone know that she was over the initial shock.

"Wow! I was suspicious of something when Ryoko offered to carry my things,
but I wasn’t prepared for the confetti." Everyone chuckled at that as Ayeka
and Ryoko walked into the house.

"Right this way, madam." Yosho said with a bow. He led her to her seat at
the dinner table and pulled the chair out for her. Once she sat down, he
slid it back up to the table. Everyone filed into their chairs afterwards.
The smell of the great feast that lay before them was enough to make
everyone’s eyes sparkle. Ryo-ohki, still in adult form, even started
drooling at the sight of the carrots that she knew were all for her.

"Let’s eat!" Everyone shouted before they all began devouring the mountain
of food before them. (Quick note: It is customary for everyone to say a word
that roughly means, "Let’s eat" before meals. I have forgotten how to spell
that word, however.) Yosho glanced over at Washu and raised both eyebrows as
if asking a silent question. She grinned and nodded, and he smiled warmly
and glanced at Ayeka and then Tenchi.

Once the main course had been wolfed down by the group, Sasami went into the
kitchen and returned holding a large cake with purple and white frosting.
She sat it down on the table, and everyone stood up to have a look at it. A
picture of Ayeka, a picture of a Juraian battleship, and a picture of a
royal space tree were drawn with different colored frostings. The drawings
were pretty good, considering how difficult it is to draw with frosting.
"Did you draw these, Sasami?"

"Yes, do you like them?"

"They’re wonderful!" Ayeka exclaimed.

"These are really good," Tenchi added.

"You must have spent a considerable amount of time on that," Washu said as
she looked over the designs on the cake.

"It only took me a couple hours," Sasami said while blushing.

"Thank you, Sasami." The young princess’s eyes sparkled.

"You’re welcome, Ayeka!" Tenchi stood up.

"Let’s sing Happy Birthday before we eat the cake." Everyone nodded and
stood up, while Ayeka felt her cheeks growing warmer by the second.

"Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Ayeka.
Happy birthday to you." Everyone sang at once while Ayeka’s cheeks became
the color of tomatoes. She smiled and watched Tenchi sing. He smiled down at
her, and for a second, it seemed like they were brightly illuminated while
everything around them faded into darkness.

Everyone took their seats, and Sasami began cutting pieces of cake for
everyone. Ayeka had her pick of which piece she wanted, and she chose the
piece with the royal space tree design on it. No one noticed that Tenchi
grabbed the piece with Ayeka’s face drawn on it, or that he smiled warmly at
it before he wolfed it down. Everyone ate their fill before heading out into
the living room where the karaoke machine was already setup.

"Who’s going to sing first?" Mihoshi asked.

"That’s a good question. Any volunteers?" Tenchi asked.

"Since it’s Ayeka’s birthday, she should sing first." Ryoko said while
winking at the beautiful princess standing beside her.

"I suppose I’ll go first, then." Ayeka grabbed the microphone and selected
the background music to one of the songs she had heard on earth many times.
"I will be singing Catch you, Catch Me." The room grew silent while Ayeka
switched on the machine. She waited for the starting point in the song, and
then began to sing her heart out. She kept her eyes on Tenchi while she
sang. Her lovely voice coursed throughout the room and brought a smile to
everyone’s lips. Tenchi was just about to lose it and run up to her and tell
her just how much he loved her right then, and he probably would have if it
had not been for his years of intense training with his grandfather. When
the song ended, Ayeka bowed, and everyone clapped, cheered, and praised her.
"Encore!" Ryoko shouted. It didn’t take long for it to catch on, and Ayeka
found herself browsing though the selection and choosing another song.

"This time, I’ll sing Hiro no Tsuki." Everyone fell silent once again, as
the princess waited for the right moment to commence singing. When she
started singing, smiles of contentment became etched across everyone’s
faces. Tenchi studied every detail of his fairy princess whose beauty seemed
to radiate brighter than the stars and the moon on a clear night sky. There
was no doubt left in him. He would tell her how he felt about her tonight.
*I’ve kept you in the dark for so long. I hope you’ll forgive me.* She
received even greater praises after she finished singing this time around,
and Ryoko took the stage. She performed The Lonely Moon, and received as
many cheers and praises as Ayeka had on her last song. "Encore!" Ayeka
shouted, and everyone else joined in. Ryoko smiled and motioned for Ayeka to
come forward. Ayeka had a puzzled look on her face, but once Ryoko whispered
something into her ear, she grinned.

"Ayeka and I will sing Up Walk in Galaxy." Everyone was hushed when the
music started to play. Both Ayeka and Ryoko put a lot of spirit into their
parts of the song, and even used body language and gestures to make the
performance more realistic. Everyone couldn’t help but chuckle as the two
bickered back and forth in song. Tenchi threw his head back and laughed a
couple of times which only encouraged Ayeka and Ryoko to put even more heart
into the song. When they finished, they received a standing ovation and much
applause. They smiled at each other and bowed to their audience. Then, they
sat down as Tenchi took the stage. He looked a bit nervous, but he was still
smiling.

"I’m going to sing Desert Rose for you this evening." He winked at Ayeka,
but since she was sitting next to Ryoko, both of them thought he was winking
at them and both of them went starry-eyed and clutched their chests. Tenchi
sweatdropped, and switched on the music and waited for his moment to begin
singing. Once it was time, he sang his song from the depths of his heart to
his beloved princess. Yosho’s jaw dropped at Tenchi’s newly discovered
singing talent, and he turned to Washu.

"He’s singing to Ayeka," she whispered into his ear. He smiled and nodded in
understanding.

"I suppose our little plan worked out well," he whispered back.

"I think it worked better than we had hoped."

"Tomorrow things are going to be quite different around here."

"Yes, they will be. I am hoping my darling daughter will be okay." He smiled
and his features softened a bit.

"Don’t worry. She has you to rely on for support. She’ll be just fine."

"Thank you, Yosho. You’re very wise for someone so young." He smiled.

"Even though I’m young compared to you, I still look and feel like an old
man."

"Who are you trying to kid, Yosho? You don’t think I saw past your
disguise." His eyes widened.

"How...how is that possible?"

"All things are possible as far as science is concerned." He chuckled.

"I should have known."

"So how long are you planning on staying in that disguise?"

"Probably a few more years. It would be too much of a shock to Tenchi’s
system if his grandfather suddenly looked as young as him." Washu chuckled.

"Yes, I suppose it would."

Tenchi finished singing and everyone applauded him. Both Ryoko and Ayeka
were staring of into space with blushes adorning their faces. "Hey Tenchi.
Your singing sent those two off into the dream world. Who knows what they’re
doing with you right now," Washu stated with an evil grin on her face. "Such
naughty girls." Tenchi’s face became the color of Ryoko’s gems, and a little
bit of blood trickled down his nose. Both Washu and Yosho thought he looked
hilarious, and they didn’t hold back their laughter. Finally, Ayeka slipped
out of her trance and looked around with a puzzled look on her face.

"What’s so funny?" Washu and Yosho calmed their laughter.

"Oh nothing. Nothing at all."

"Huh? What’s going on?" Ryoko asked with a look of confusion on her face.
Tenchi face faulted, and Yosho began cracking up again, and he was soon
joined by Washu. Ryoko just scratched her head. "Whose turn is it to sing?"
Washu looked over at Mihoshi who was also smiling and blushing a bit.

"Hey Mihoshi, do you want to sing next?" Washu asked with an amused look on
her face.

"Uhh...sure. I guess so." Mihoshi took the stage followed by everyone else
who hadn’t had a turn yet.

It was completely dark outside after Yosho finished singing on the karaoke
machine and took his seat on the couch next to Washu. Everyone was laughing
and talking when Washu stood up. "Why don’t we go chat out on the back
porch? It is such a lovely night, and it would be a shame to waste it." She
winked at Tenchi, and he nodded once and also stood up.

"Yes, it would a great night to enjoy being outside. The temperature is
perfect, and the skies are exceptionally clear." Everyone nodded in
agreement and went out to sit on the back porch. Yosho and Ryo-ohki slipped
away from the group and went to the end of the dock to light the fireworks
that had been setup earlier that day.

"You were right. It is a splendid evening to sit outside!" Ayeka declared as
she took a seat in one of the lawn chairs that Tenchi had purchased last
summer.

"When are the fireworks going to start?" Sasami whispered into Tenchi’s ear.
He grinned.

"Very soon."

"What?" Ayeka inquired with a questioning look on her face.

"Oh nothing. I was just talking to myself," Tenchi replied quickly and
shrewdly.

"A prince of Jurai talking to himself? Now I’ve seen it all."

"I’ve seen you talk to yourself princess," Ryoko interjected with a sly grin
on her face. Ayeka blushed.

"Well...umm...I was merely commenting on my looks since no one else will."
She shot a glance at Tenchi, and he visibly shrunk back into his chair.

"Why would he complement you on your looks? You’re just an old maid."

"I am not an old maid! And you really have room to talk, you old mummy."
Ryoko stuck out her tongue in reply, and Ayeka repeated the gesture right
back at her.

"Hmph!" Ryoko crossed her arms and turned her nose up at the princess, and
Ayeka replied in kind. Sasami and Tenchi couldn’t help but chuckle.

"You guys still fight after all this time. It seems like you two should have
learned by now," Washu chided.

"Mom, why did you change back into your adult form? You’re not planning on
trying anything with my Tenchi are you?" Washu brought her hands up to her
cheeks as she blushed and tilted her head.

"Oh my! I was just thinking about all the different ways I could get that
sample from him! Of course, I would make sure it was as enjoyable as
possible," she declared with a little extra hint of seductiveness in her
voice as she said the last sentence. Tenchi visibly shuddered, and Ayeka and
Ryoko had evil scowls on their faces.

"Miss Washu! You will not lay a hand on Tenchi!"

"Tenchi is not some object you can use as you please!"

"Ha! Like you have room to talk, Ryoko." Washu stated with a smirk on her
face.

"Shut up," Ryoko replied in an obviously annoyed voice. Ayeka couldn’t help
but laugh.

"That goes for you, too." Washu said with an even bigger smirk on her face.

"What?!" It was Ryoko’s turn to laugh as Ayeka’s face expressed great
annoyance. Sasami just hung her head and sighed.

Everyone’s attention was caught by a sparkle at the end of the dock. "What’s
that?" Ayeka asked with a questioning look replacing her annoyed look. Her
inquiry was quickly answered by a streak of light flying up into the sky
accompanied by a loud whistle. When it reached its pinnacle, it exploded
into a million dots of blue light that spread out into an intricate,
flower-like pattern. Everyone ooed and ahed as similar rockets whose
explosions gave off similar shapes with a variety of colors followed in
succession. "These are really beautiful. Thank you, everyone, for going
through all this trouble for me."

"It was no trouble at all. Just have a good time," Tenchi replied just above
a whisper. She nodded and watched the great sparks dance in the vast black
sky. Each blast reminded her of a small galaxy filled with all sorts of
different stars of all colors. In the vastness of space, a galaxy is no
bigger than a dot, and in the night sky, these blasts are nothing more than
a small illumination lasting only a few seconds before the little sparks
exhaust themselves to extinction. It is a perfect symbolism of life. We are
born small and with no knowledge of the world, and as we age, we expand our
knowledge and body size. Even though our size reaches a peak, the knowledge
we gain has no such cap. Thus, the fireworks flicker in greatness for an
instant before they die out. This signifies the radiance of our knowledge,
experience, and memories.

There was a long pause in the setting off of fireworks, and Mihoshi looked
on with questioning eyes. "Why did they stop?"

"I suppose they are preparing to set off the grand finale," Ryoko replied
with a smile on her face. She, too, enjoyed watching the little fairies of
fire waltz around in the endless expanse of darkness above them. She was
reminded of her own life. She started off as a slave for Kagato with no hope
of any future unless something drastic occurred. This was her in the form of
an unlit rocket. The fire that ignited the fuse was the attack on Jurai, and
the imprisonment in Hell’s damp pit. The fuse burnt up, and when Tenchi
released her from the cave, the rocket was launched. She soared high as her
horizons broadened, and she reached the point when she could finally leave
the confinement of a rocket form that kept her feelings hidden from the
world and finally be free to grow in the emanation of the light energy of
love, friendship, and true wisdom.

An impressive series of rockets flew up into the sky, and the brilliance
shining from the explosions generated enough light to allow everyone to
clearly see everything around them if they had been looking, but everyone’s
attention was sharply focused on the elegance of the fireworks as they sang
their fiery songs and told their brilliant tales. Two more series of rockets
were fired before Yosho and Ryo-ohki rejoined the group. Upon arrival,
everyone clapped and cheered for them, and they bowed in thanks.

"Now then, Ayeka. It’s time for you to open your presents." Yosho declared
with a smile adorning his lips. She also smiled as everyone went back into
the house. Ryo-ohki was the first one to reach the stack of presents resting
in the corner beside the L-shaped couch. Everyone else walked in and sat
down while Tenchi crouched beside Ryo-ohki to help give out the presents.
Ryo-ohki grabbed a small box decorated with crayons and a yellow ribbon at
the top of it. She ran over to Ayeka, and held it up while in her toddler
form. Ayeka took it and shook it gently. She had a good idea what was in it,
but she still wanted to act surprised to make sure Ryo-ohki would feel happy
and proud about the gift. She removed the ribbon, and used a pocketknife
that Tenchi produced from his pocket to slice through the tape. She opened
up the box, and found a ripe, orange carrot staring up at her. She smiled
and patted Ryo-ohki on the head.

"Thank you, Ryo-ohki!" Ryo-ohki beamed a bright smile and clapped her hands
in glee. Ayeka sat the box down beside her chair and took the next gift that
Tenchi handed her. This one was from Mihoshi, and it was neatly wrapped in
pretty, golden wrapping paper that said happy birthday in white letters. It
was adorned with a green ribbon at the top. Ayeka opened it carefully, and
opened up the box. There was some foam packaging material that Ayeka lifted
away, and underneath lay a pretty, blue lava lamp. "Thank you, Mihoshi! How
did you know that I wanted one of these?" Mihoshi smiled widely.

"You said so, yourself, the last time we all went shopping together a couple
of months ago."

"Oh, that’s right. I’ll make sure to put this up on my dresser when I go to
bed." The next gift Tenchi handed her was from Yosho. It had the same
wrapping paper that Mihoshi had used, and so did all of the rest of the
gifts except for Washu’s. Yosho’s gift had a red ribbon at the top which
Ayeka removed before carefully unwrapping the gift. She used the pocketknife
to remove the tape of the large box. She opened it up and her hand swam
through the sea of styrofoam until she found the prize. She lifted out in
the box, and her eyes went wide. It was a foot tall porcelain doll of a
Juraian royal family guard. She looked up at Yosho with an expression of
gratitude and happiness. "Thank you very much, brother."

"You’re quite welcome."

Ayeka opened Washu’s gift next. It was in a large, square shaped box, and it
was fairly heavy. She removed the red ribbon and crab wrapping paper quickly
yet carefully. She removed some foam material and found a large, projection
type machine. Ayeka looked up at Washu questioningly, and Washu smiled.
"It’s a live concert projection device. Basically, it will scan all public
records for upcoming concerts around the galaxy, and then it will send a
special receiver there via subspace, and broadcast the signal back to the
device, which will then display the concert in 3D. The acoustics of the
machine are much better than can be heard in any concert hall, so it
basically gives you the ultimate concert experience. I thought you might
miss some of the concerts on Jurai, and this would be a way for you to watch
them again." Ayeka jumped up out of her seat and hugged the genius scientist
tightly.

"C...Can’t breathe."

"Oops, sorry." Ayeka let her go. "Thank you very much, Washu."

"Enjoy."

"Don’t worry. I will," Ayeka promised with a bright smile adorning her
gorgeous face. Tenchi handed her Sasami’s present next. It was longer than
it was wide, and it had a small height of about two inches to it. It also
had a blue ribbon on top, which Ayeka removed along with the wrapping paper.
She used her fingernail to cut through the small strips of clear tape, and
removed the box lid. She found a lovely blue and white kimono folded neatly.
She hugged her little sister who was grinning from ear to ear.

"Thank you so much, Sasami. It’s beautiful."

"I’m glad you like it. I’m fairly sure it’s the right size."

"I’ll go try it on a little later." Tenchi handed her Ryoko’s gift next. It
was a small, square box with the same golden wrapping paper with a purple
ribbon on top. Ayeka opened it to find a little jewelry box inside. She
lifted it out and opened it up to find two beautiful earrings. They were
much like Ryoko’s except the round gems were blue, and the other part of the
earrings was gold. Ayeka removed her small, flower-shaped earrings that she
had bought for herself a few months ago, and put in the pair she received
from Ryoko. "How do I look?"

"You look great," Mihoshi declared.

"Thank you, Ryoko."

"Ah, don’t mention it." Ayeka cast a smile her way, and Ryoko turned her
head the other way, but Ayeka could still see the corner of her mouth curve
up into a smile.

Tenchi handed her a card in a light blue envelope next. "Here’s the last one
for tonight."

"Nobuyuki will give your gift when he returns home from Tokyo," Yosho
announced. Ayeka took the card from Tenchi’s hand, and ripped open the
envelope. She pulled out the card. "Happy Birthday," is what it said on the
front above a picture of a cute teddy bear. She flipped open the card, and
it said, "May you have many, many more." Underneath that, she could see
where Tenchi had written, "Please meet me outside on the dock at a quarter
to midnight." She looked up at him and nodded, and then put the card back in
the envelope.

"Thank you, Tenchi," she said before putting the card on in the box with her
kimono in it.

Tenchi sat at the end of the dock, his shoeless feet dangling in the cold
yet soothing water. The refreshing night air of autumn massaged his lungs
and helped to calm his nerves. He was a nervous wreck after he had snuck out
of the house to wait for his princess to arrive, but the relaxing setting
illuminated by the moonlight and made surreal by the dark canopy above him
littered in billions of stars had a greater affect on him than anything else
could. How many thousands of those stars harbored planets in their great
pull of gravity, and how many of those planets harbored intelligent life?
These were questions that most normal people of this day and age would scoff
at, but Tenchi was far from any sort of normality. He was the prince of a
powerful extraterrestrial nation who ruled over a vast empire in the galaxy
earthlings called the Milky Way. How many other alien nations existed within
the Milky Way alone? Men who considered themselves authorities of the cosmos
would give many different answers, but most of them would deny any existence
of intelligent life beyond earth. If they only knew what Tenchi knew or saw
what he has seen, their grossly inflated egos and mountains of arrogance
would come crashing down upon their swelled heads. Tenchi smiled. *It’s
amazing just how far a mind could wander on such a tranquil night in the
small city of Okayama. Oh well, I need to stay calm and focused. Ayeka will
be out here in just a few minutes, and I still have no idea what I’m going
to say to her. How do you tell someone that you’ve admired from afar for so
long that you are very fond of them? Sure, it should be very simple, but it
really isn’t. I want to say all the right things, and yet I have no idea
just what to say.* He sighed dejectedly. *I never thought it would be this
difficult to gather my thoughts about this. I want to tell her exactly what
she means to me, but there are no words that can express it. I guess that’s
why they say love is indescribable.* "Tenchi, you wanted to see me?" He was
jarred out of his thoughts, and a slight blush appeared on his cheeks.
Luckily, it was difficult to see with just the moonlight shining down on
him.

"Yes, there are a few things we need to talk about."

"I see. Well, what do you have on your mind?"

"Umm...uhh..." *Dammit! Don’t freeze up now!* "Well...uhh...I wanted to give
you a special birthday present, but I thought it would be best to give it to
you out here."

"Ah, I see. It is a lovely night, and it would have been a shame to waste
it." Tenchi pulled out the rectangular jewelry box that he had acquired to
store the necklace in, and he handed it to her. She took the box from his
hand and looked up at him to see if she should open it right then, and he
nodded. The maroon box creaked as she opened it. Her eyes went wide as she
saw the contents of the velvet-lined interior reflect the moon above them.
"T...Ten...Tenchi, this is absolutely gorgeous!" A smile crept across his
lips.

"The gift can never compare with the receiver." She looked up at him with
surprise in her eyes, but they softened as they met his. Neither of them
said a word. They didn’t have to. Eyes are the windows of a person’s soul,
and when two soulmates finally come together as one, words become
meaningless shadows of the emotion they fail miserably to describe. Neither
of them could have spoken if they had wanted to, and nothing could stop what
inevitably follows realization of a mutual love. Tenchi stepped forward and
grasped her shoulders gently, yet firmly. She could only look up into his
eyes and revel in a dreamlike euphoria, for the love she carried for him for
so long had finally been requited. He inched his face closer to hers and
closed his eyes as he neared his target. She, too, closed her eyes as their
lips met. Oh so gently, he pressed his lips against hers, and quickly pulled
back. They opened their eyes, and were once again mesmerized in each other’s
spell. He wrapped his arms around her and leaned in to kiss her again. She
put her arms around his neck, and stood up on her tippy toes as she kissed
him with all the feelings she could muster. He was taken aback, but soon
kissed her even more feverishly. He tilted his head, and parted his lips.
Hist tongue sprang forth and begged entrance into her mouth. She gladly
accepted by parting her lips, and their tongues danced as fairies in
enchanted forests. Finally, breathlessness forced them apart. Tenchi took a
step back, and took the necklace from her protecting grasp. He then stepped
forward and put it around her neck and fastened it at the back. He looked
down at her and wondered what he had done in the past to reap such a reward.
She looked like a glowing angel descended from heaven as the moonlight was
reflected slightly off her silky, smooth skin.

"Ayeka, I..." She cut him off with a finger to his lips.

"No need for words." She kissed him once more, as teary yet twinkly eyes
watched over them. Washu finally shut off the display as the tears began
flowing freely from her eyes. Memories of her dear husband filled her
thoughts, but they would trouble her no more. She had finally gotten rid of
the last burden weighing her down, and by doing so, she had helped two
separated souls, split from the beginning of time, rejoin as one. All that
was left to do now is comfort her daughter after she learned of Tenchi’s
true feelings for his beloved princess and attempt to smooth out their
jagged relationship. Tomorrow would be forever known as a day of alpha and
omega in some way, shape, or form for all of the women who surrounded Tenchi
with their love, hopes, and dreams. Tomorrow would shine as brightly as the
biggest star, yet it would also be a day of gloom, sorrow, and darkness. Of
course, there was an incredible light well concealed behind that veil of
tragedy, and Washu would help her daughter lift the veil from her heart and
become completely free to shine brighter than the celestial lanterns.

Author’s notes: Well, I hope you enjoyed it. I wanted this one to be a sort
of a WAFFy fic, so I didn’t include a brokenhearted Ryoko. I tried to hint
about it though several times in the story. Anyway, please take a moment to
let me know what you thought of my fic. All flames, criticisms, complements,
or any other comments are all welcome and appreciated. Domo arigato,
minna-san. ^_^

Tsunami's Knight (aka:  Leeman, Knight-san, or Kikyou's Samurai)
Co-admin of the Dual ML (http://members.tripod.com/dualml/main.htm)
Co-admin. of the Nadesico ML (http://www.topica.com/lists/nadesico/)
Member of:  The Church of the Advent of Tsunamiism, #WASHU#, #SAS#, #TMML#,
Always and Achika, Black Knight of KOME, AFC, #FFML2#, RARC
http://fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=80241 - my personal profile