 


Disclaimer:

I do not own the main characters of Tenchi Muyo, they belong to Pioneer LDC and AIC. The characters that are not immediately recognizable are most probably mine, although I don't have any major protective complex over them. Besides, most of them end up dying. :)  Enjoy.

Apology:
I am a fan of Tenchi. However my knowledge of the Tenchi universe is limited it the first few of the original series (up to the one after Tenchi defeats Kagato), and Tenchi Muyo in love. I have managed to salvage bits of fact from reading other fanfics, typically contradicting something I have just written. To cut to the chase, take it from extended episode (where it results in the destruction of the whole Masaki house) and assume that
a) No one on Jurai knows of the situation on Earth.
b) Kiyone has just joined them.

I'm sorry if it makes reading this fanfic harder, with bits that clash with stuff later in the series, but there was really very little I could do about that. Throw me a frickin' bone here. I intend to buy some Tenchi muyo, but this is very difficult because:

a) I've just finished buying the Eva series (13 bloody videos.) and that's left me financially drained.
b) Tenchi is bloody difficult to get here in England. I can't find Mantsu no eve anywhere. I went into an HMV one week to find some 2 million copies, but when I returned a few weeks later I could find none at all! And I can't seem to find any Tenchi DVD's here. Apparently American DVDs won't work with English DVD drives. (Throws hands up in despair.)
Gomen nasai.

A Change Of State


Chapter 1: Words of forewarning.  

A sleek black ship streaked through space, on board a lone Jurian, deep in thought. Earth. The young man toyed with the word and the memories that stirred from its very name. A backwater planet of primitive beings, a planet that an ordinary Jurian may turn their nose up at. But not him. For he had been there, and now he was going back. He allowed himself a smile. And he liked it there. Free from all the stigma and restrictions normally imposed on him by his fellow Jurians. It's not that he minded it *that* much, indeed it was what defined his people, but there were times when he felt frustrated by its stranglehold over his free mind. 
Going to Earth had only personified his feeling of being trapped. A world so free of the traditions and pressure of duty that gripped his homeworld so tightly. He leaned back on his chair a put his hands behind his head, letting out a sigh. He knew he had a mission to perform. But surely there was no harm in enjoying himself while carrying out his duty? After all, he must have earned a break after running around after the Emperor for so long. Shuttling his courtiers from here to there, giving messages and guarding important members of his family on diplomatic duties.
His train of thought was broken by his ship's computer. 

"Lord Tanaki, we are entering the Sol System."
Tanaki sat up and adjusted some controls on the display in front of him.
"Set course to the third planet, standard interplanetary speed."
"Hai," the computer acknowledged.
Tanaki leaned back on his chair again. 
'Now where was I...'

"Why you... How dare you insinuate such a thing!"
Aeka's forcefield logs shimmered into existence emitting a blinding flash of electricity where Ryoko had stood not a second ago. Aeka stood fuming, hands clenched beside her side, as Ryoko sat, now on the couch.
She stared at the space pirate, her face beginning to go a vibrant shade of red.
"I would never, ever dream of doing anything like that to Tenchi. I, I can't even believe you would have the audacity to even think of such a thing."
Ryoko smiled. 
"Not even if you were married?"
The couch exploded amidst a second Jurian forcefield attack. However Ryoko was long gone. 
"Oh come on Princess. What if he *asked* you to?"
"Lord Tenchi is a man of honor. He would never ask such a thing of me." 
The argument was interrupted by an audible groan from the doorway.
"Not again?" sighed Tenchi. "Look at this place. What happened to the couch?"
Ryoko put on a sad face and brushed up to Tenchi.
"It wasn't me Tenchi," she said in a childishly innocent voice. "It was Aeka."
"I know Aeka Ryoko. She isn't in the habit of randomly blowing up furniture."
Aeka sighed, relieved that Ryoko's part in the fight had been recognized.
"I really wish you'd at least fight outside. At least then we'd have some furniture left."
Aeka smiled. "I'm sorry that Ryoko isn't house trained yet..."
Tenchi's mouth fell open as Ryoko released an energy blast at Aeka. Aeka dodged, and the projectile slammed straight into the wall behind her.
When the dust settled, there was a beautiful view of the lake. Straight through where the living room wall used to be.
"RYOKO!" Tenchi shouted, fists clenched by his sides.
"But Tenchi, she..."
"OUT!"
"But..."
"OUT NOW!"
Ryoko looked once more at Tenchi with a sad and hurt expression. Tenchi's expression didn't change. Ryoko looked at the floor, and then vanished.
"She really is volatile and dangerous," said Aeka, shaking her head in disapproval.
"I'm surprised at you, Aeka. I would thought you were above taunting and teasing." 

'With Father and Grandfather away, how am I going to clear this mess up?'

He left the room, leaving Aeka looking at the floor, feeling slightly guilty.


Kiyone's wrist display began beeping. She looked at it. Incoming ship detected in the Sol system. Unidentified ship type and pilot.
"Mihoshi! Mihoshi get up we're leaving."
Her partner awoke from her nap. "What is it Kiyone? We're not due at work for another 4 hours."
"There's an unauthorized ship entering the system. We are still Galaxy Police officers, remember?"
Mihoshi giggled. " Oh yeah. Sometimes I nearly forget, what with all the stuff we do here, you know, work in shops, visit...
"MIHOSHI!"
Minutes later the Yagami broke orbit on an intercept course for the unidentified vessel. Kiyone looked at her display. She had never seen a ship like this before. Sleek and fast. 
"Mihoshi, hail the ship."
Nothing.
"Mihoshi? Hail the ship."
Still nothing.
"MIHOHSI WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
"Err, I forgotten how to do it. It's been so long since we've..."
"Never mind. *I'll* do it."
Kiyone reached over to Mihoshi's station and pressed some buttons.
She looked back at the holoprojector, surprised to see what appeared to be a Jurian staring back at her. Composing herself, Kiyone spoke.
"This is a restricted area. You'll have to leave."
The young man responded. "I am here on a mission of the greatest importance. I was sent by the Emperor of Jurai himself."
Kiyone shook her head. "I'm sorry but you'll have to leave until I receive clearance..."
'I don't have time for this,' Tanaki thought to himself.
He pressed some buttons, cutting the comm link. 
Kiyone slammed her fists on the desk.
"Damn him, who does he think he is? Mihoshi prepare for combat, we're taking this smart-ass down."
"The Galaxy Police strike again for truth and justice!"
"Just sit down and brace yourself."
The Yagami turned and readied its weapons. However Tanaki was also ready. 
"Computer, partial phase"
Kiyone's face turned to one of surprise as the ship vanished from all of her sensors. She looked up at the view screen. The ship was still obviously there, albeit now slightly ghost-like in appearance. 

'A cloak?' she asked herself. 'Cloaked ships can still be hit...'

"Computer, give me manual weapon control."
"Manual control transferred."
The Yagami banked again in response to Kiyone's command, as she expertly guided the vessel behind her quarry. 
"Got you!"
Her jaw dropped as lancing beams of energy passed through the ship as if it wasn't there.
Inside the phased ship, Tanaki sat uncomfortably. Despite being invulnerable, there was something unnerving about having laser blasts passing right through his body.
"Computer, on my mark, disengage phase and fire on the Galaxy Police vessel, take out only it's propulsion and weapons."
"Acknowledged."
He waited.
"Now!"
The control panel in front of Kiyone suddenly lit up, as the ship became visible on sensors, mere seconds before the Yagami was hit by multiple energy blasts. The lights went off and smoke billowed from the walls and control panels.
"Get the extinguishers Mihoshi!" shouted Kiyone, fighting to regain control of her ship.
She sat powerless, staring as her quarry sped off into the distance.

'I'll get you yet.'

Kiyone's promises of revenge were interrupted my Mihoshi discharging her extinguisher onto the control panel right in front her, covering both of them in cold extinguisher fluid.
"MIHOSHI!"

Ryoko sat on a cliff staring out onto the beautiful Japanese countryside that lay before like a blanket of greenery. However Ryoko's mind wasn't concentrating on the scenery. Her mind was elsewhere.

'Why am I always blamed for these things? Tenchi never throws Aeka out of the house. It's always me.'

She sighed and cupped her head in her hands.

'Does he care about me? How can he, if he treats me like this?'
'Perhaps if he knew how I felt?'

She dismissed the idea. It would be just as if she was fishing for a scapegoat for her actions earlier that day.
But how long before she did tell him? Was she to wait in the hope that Tenchi fall in love with her?
Or tell him, and perhaps run the risk of scaring him off? Scaring him into the arms of Aeka.
No, she couldn't allow that. And yet if Aeka declared her love for him and he accepted, what then?
Kill her?
She shook her head. That would surely make Tenchi hate her, and as for what it would do to Sasami. Besides, she didn't hate her that much. In fact she sometimes enjoyed their fights. 

'I'll wait. I can wait,' she muttered to herself.
'Wait 'til it's the right time, or 'til Aeka gets a little too close to him for comfort.'

She lay back, happy to have  some sort plan. At least for the meantime.


Suddenly something caught her eye. A ship was descending from the sky and setting down near the house. It wasn't a Jurian ship, that was clear from its design. A wave of fear flushed over her. 

'A bounty hunter?'

She knew there was a price on her head, but was sure no one knew where she was. 
Ryoko decided to find out.


Tanaki phased out of his ship and stretched. His ship had two bedrooms, a poolroom and kitchen, but he still felt penned in during long flights. He looked around, taking in the pleasant scenery. His eyes stopped, focusing on a figure that stood before him.
Ryoko!
He knew her face from pictures and her name from reputation. 
"Well, aren't you going to introduce yourself?" she asked.
Tanaki smiled. "No need. It won't matter who anyone is to you soon enough."
There was a bright flash, as Jurian battle armor phased into existence around the young fighter.
Ryoko's eyes widened. 

'Jurian hey?'

Ryoko's energy sword appeared in her hand, its red blade glimmering pure energy.
"Confident little bastard aren't we?" She bared her fangs. "We'll see just how tough you really are."
Two metallic cylinders phased onto the back of Tanaki's forearms. There was a hum as two white psi blades emerged from them. 
Tanaki charged at his opponent who deftly dodged to one side. Energy weapons clashed with blinding speed as the two exchanged blows. Ryoko hit forth with a flurry of fast attacks before swiping down hard. Tanaki skillfully avoided the blows and blocked the down sweep with his left blade, while countering with his right. Ryoko flew back, realizing that this boy had more experience than she had given him credit for. Taking to the air she fire several plasma blasts at her foe. Tanaki back flipped, missing the first few, before his psi blade altered configuration, absorbing the resulting blast in its new shield form.
"What now little boy?" Ryoko taunted, firing off a few more blasts down at the Jurian.
Tanaki smiled. His psi blades changed again, and he pointed them at Ryoko, who barely avoided the energy beams that lanced from the two weapons.

Back at the house Sasami, Tenchi and Aeka stood at the window, watching the streaks of white energy beams arcing into the sky, and the large explosions emerging from the forest canopy. Tenchi had a puzzled look on his face.
"If you're here Aeka, who's Ryoko fighting?"
"I have no idea, although I do not doubt for a single minute her ability to start a fight with a total stranger."
"I suppose we ought to check it out," sighed Tenchi.
The three headed for the door.
"Not you Sasami, it's too dangerous. Who knows what Ryoko's up to."
"But Aeka..."
"No Sasami. You're too young. I'm not entirely happy with you staying around her in the house."
"But..."
"Not another word."
With that, Tenchi and Aeka walked off into the woods.
Sasami waited until they were out of sight before following.

Ryoko was losing the battle. Her opponent was fast, strong and could teleport. She was thankful that he couldn't fly.  She unleashed another thunderous barrage of energy blasts at Tanaki, who teleported out of the way, before retaliating in kind. Ryoko swooped low, avoiding the lancing beams, attacking again with her sword. Tanaki blocked and struck at her in one smooth motion, catching her off guard. She winced slightly as the blade grazed her. Seeing his chance, Tanaki teleported behind her. Ryoko spun round, blocking just in time as Tanaki hit her full on. She was knocked down to the ground; such was the force of the blow. Tanaki landed more gracefully beside her, and blasted Ryoko full in the chest with both beams, knocking her along the ground and into a tree. She lay there in a painful daze, as her opponent walked up to her, his psi blades flaring bright along side his arms.
"I never enjoy taking a life," he said, looking to one side. "But how many Jurians have suffered because of you? And how many more will suffer if you remain alive?"
Ryoko shut her eyes, a single word on her lips.
"Tenchi."
She waited for the sound of the blades slicing through the air towards her. But instead the sound of the rustling of bushes greeted her ears. She opened an eye. In front of her stood Sasami, her arms wide apart, standing in between herself and Tanaki.
"I won't let you hurt Ryoko."
Ryoko strained to speak.
"Sa-Sasami, get away from him." She winced again. "He'll kill you."
Tanaki stared down on the small defiant girl who stood in his way. Sasami had a frown on her face, obviously her best attempt at look mean. Her expression turned to one of surprise as the young man in front of her bowed down.
"Sasami!" he said, looking up at her. He smiled. "I haven't seen you since you were this big."
He gestured with his hand, only slightly below Sasami's actual height.  
"Who are you?" She asked.
"My apologies your highness. My name is Tanaki, head of the Jurian Emperor's personal guard. I am here on a mission of the up most importance."
"Father sent you!" exclaimed Sasami, a smile spreading across her face.
"Yes your highness. I am here to protect you and your sister."
Sasami looked at the handsome young man who was kneeling before her. This was a novel experience. She had seen countless men bowing before her mother and sister, but no one had bowed before her. Tanaki looked up at her. Sasami blushed deeply. Seeing the princess's obvious discomfort, he stood up and turned his attention to Ryoko, who was still lying against the tree. Sasami turned, realizing the reason why she confronted Tanaki in the first place. She went over to attend to her wounds.
"Why does everyone fight with you, Ryoko?" she asked, as she began her inspection.
"I've done some things in my past. Bad things." She winced as Sasami touched a wound. "They're not happy with me, and fight me when they see me again."
"But you've changed now, haven't you?" she asked again.
"Yes, but people don't always believe me."
"I believe you." 

Ryoko was touched. Here was someone who was willing to ignore all the stories of her past. Sasami must know of the things she had done and yet was happy to accept her as she was now. A second chance.
"Thank you Sasami, that means a lot to me."
Sasami smiled. "As long as you're not naughty again."
The young princess's expression changed to a frown.
"I need to get you back to the house, all of the bandages and medicines are there."
"I have some medical supplies aboard my ship, if they would be of any help," suggested Tanaki.
"Yes, that would be great!" replied Sasami.
"I shall back in a minute."
Tanaki pressed a button on his belt and disappeared. 
"I'm not sure I trust him," whispered Ryoko. "I don't know him, and you're too young to recognize him. His ship isn't Jurian, only his clothes."
"I know to trust him," the Princess replied.
"How? He may not be who he says he is. All of that bowing stuff could just be an act. Listen to me. I want you to find Tenchi and Aeka now. I'll keep him busy. OK?"
Sasami shook her head. "I'm not leaving you."
Ryoko looked at Sasami, a tear of frustration and fear for the princess welling in her eye. 
"Please Sasami, for me?" she asked softly.
"No" she replied resolutely. "I can tell if people are good or bad." 
She smiled. "I could tell that you're good, couldn't I?"
She had her there. Ryoko nodded. 
"Besides," added Sasami, "I recognize his name. Aeka told me we had a nephew called Tanaki, who left to fulfil his warrior's path when I was young. And I sort of recognize his face. And he was wearing the official Jurian crest."
Ryoko glared at her. "And you knew all this?"
Sasami giggled. "I told you to trust me."
Just then Tanaki returned with the supplies. He handed them to Sasami, who began to tend to Ryoko.
"Tanaki, promise me something," the princess asked as she set to work.
"Anything."
"Don't hurt Ryoko again. She's not a bad person, and she's sorry for what she's done already, aren't you Ryoko?"
Even if she wasn't, Ryoko knew better to disagree. She nodded.
"So don't hurt her, OK?"
Tanaki looked at Ryoko with an expression of skepticism. He sighed.
"As you command, your highness. I swear on my oath as a warrior and as your guardian that I will not harm Ryoko, unless she wrongfully endangers you or another Jurian."
Sasami thought for a while. "That sounds fair. Ryoko, promise you won't wrongfully endanger any Jurians."
"Does fighting with your sister count as wrongful endangerment?"
"Yes."
"Even if she starts it?"
"Well..."
"And what if she attacks me? Am I allowed to defend myself then?"
Sasami paused again. 
Tanaki jumped in. "Fighting to defend yourself is not wrongful."
The young princess thought for a while. "You're right," said Sasami. "Ok, promise Ryoko."
"Alright, alright, I promise that I won't wrongfully endanger any Jurians."
"That's better. Now we can all be friends. There, I've finished."
Ryoko tested her arms. They were still sore, but felt much better now. She tried to get up, but faltered.
Tanaki extended a helping hand towards.
"Seeing as we're friends..."
Tanaki helped Ryoko up, supporting her as she leant on his shoulder.
"Let's get back to the house, I want you to meet Aeka and Tenchi," chimed Sasami, skipping off ahead of them.
The two soldiers moved after her, albeit at a much slower pace. Ryoko turned to Tanaki.
"You know, I still don't know that I trust you."
Tanaki smiled. "I wonder what is more highly regarded, the word of a Jurian guardian, or the word of a space pirate?"
Ryoko ignored the last comment. "Why are you here?"
Tanaki's head fell. "Will you trust me if I tell you?"
"It's serious, isn't it?"
"Very."
"Then please tell me."
Tanaki gave a deep sigh, before relating the situation.
"My homeworld is in a state of great tension. Certain factors are beginning to doubt the Emperor's ability to rule, and the wisdom of following an Empress who spends all of her free time on a 'backwater' planet. There have been moves to, 'remove' the Emperor from the throne. I was able to stop these attempts, but his Highness is concerned about the safety of his daughters. He feels they are vulnerable here. I was sent to try to persuade them to return to Jurai, and until then act as their guardian."
"Let's get this right. You're telling me some power-hungry Lord wants the throne, and is quite happy to kill an innocent child like Sasami to get it? I thought your people were a proud people, with morals and stuff like that."
"Power corrupts."
Ryoko nodded in agreement. "Anyway don't you worry. I won't let *anyone* hurt Sasami. And as for Aeka."
Ryoko paused. "I'll even help her out if she gets in trouble."
Tanaki looked at Ryoko. "I take it you two don't get along."
"We love to hate each other," she replied. "That's why you attacked me, isn't it? You thought I was here to kill Sasami and Aeka, didn't you?"
Tanaki nodded. 
"Can't say I blame you. Most people I've met have either wanted to run away or try to kill me." She paused. "Except for Tenchi and Sasami."

Back at the house, Tenchi and Aeka had given up their search for Ryoko, and were sitting outside drinking lemonade. Aeka was in the midst of telling Tenchi the Jurian royal marriage ritual, in elaborate detail. 
"...and then the bride enters the main hall, in the royal wedding dress made of the finest Jurian silk. It's so beautiful..." Aeka shut her eyes, overwhelmed in the knowledge that one day she would be wearing that dress.

'But will Tenchi be beside me?'

She looked over, wondering if all this talk of marriage had perhaps given him a hint of her intentions towards him.
Tenchi sat uncomfortably in front of her. His mind was on a different tack.
"Err, Aeka, are you trying to tell me something? You've been talking about that ceremony for an hour."
Aeka blushed. "Am I that transparent?" she asked, looking embarrassed, despite the fact she had engineered the whole scenario.
"You're not engaged are you? Will you have to go back to Jurai soon, for this 'marriage'?"
Aeka's face fell. This wasn't exactly how she'd planned it.
"No Tenchi, I'm not engaged. I was merely telling you all this because, oh, how terribly embarrassing."
"Go on Aeka, please tell me."
This was her chance.
"I was telling you because perhaps one day you might..."
Suddenly Sasami burst from the forest, interrupting Aeka's flow.
"Tenchi, Aeka!" she called, "There's someone I'd like you to meet!"
Ryoko emerged from the bushes, supported by Tanaki. Tenchi, seeing Ryoko was hurt, ran up to see what the problem was.
"What happened to you?" he asked.
Tanaki bowed as best he could under the circumstances. "I fear I am to blame for Ryoko's present condition. I apologize." He bowed again.
Before Tenchi could ask the obvious question, "Who the hell are you?" Sasami provided him the answer.
"Tenchi, this is Tanaki. He's my nephew from Jurai."
Tanaki offered his hand to Tenchi, who was in two minds whether to take it.
"It wasn't his fault really Tenchi. Now shake his hand."
Tenchi did as he was told.
"It's my fault really, for being so notorious." Ryoko continued, smiling.
Just then Tanaki caught sight of Aeka.
"If you'll excuse me."
He passed Ryoko onto Tenchi, and went off to greet Aeka. As Tenchi held her, Ryoko was glad to see that Tenchi had forgotten about her escapade that morning. She put her arm around Tenchi, but was too sore to try anything further.
"So all I gotta do to get your attention is nearly get myself killed, hey Tenchi?"
"That's not funny. What happened anyway? Who is that guy?"
"I'll tell you inside." She looked over to Tanaki, who was kneeling at Aeka's feet. "He's got his hands too full at the moment to tell you himself."

Aeka's heart sank when she heard the news. Attempts on her own life she could handle, but Sasami? She was so young. Tanaki saw Aeka sway, and got up to catch her.
"I'm sorry the news was so bleak, your highness." 
"No, it's not your fault. Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to be alone."
"Of course you highness." Tanaki bowed again and backed away.

Aeka walked into the living room, to see Ryoko lying on the couch.
"What did happen to you?" she asked, in an aggressive tone.
"Your cousin..."
"Nephew."
"Ok, nephew, nearly killed me." She rubbed her back painfully.
"Why didn't he finish the job? Start crying, begging for mercy?"
"Actually, Sasami saved me."
Aeka looked up at her. "You don't deserve her friendship." She braced herself for the counter offensive.
It didn't come.
"I know," said Ryoko sadly. "I suppose you would have been glad to see me die out there. Leave Tenchi all for you."
Aeka shook her head. "I, I don't think I could wish such a thing on anyone right now."
Ryoko could see the worry building on her nemesis's face.
"He's told you then." Aeka's mood changed to one of anger. "I don't believe he told you! That was a private matter. I'll have to..."
"Whoa, hold on here," interrupted Ryoko. "We're a part of this as much as you. You're gonna need our help whether you want it or not. And quite frankly you're gonna get it, if not for your sake then for Sasami's. Sasami's treated me like a descent person, unlike some people I could mention. And if anyone even comes near her..."
Aeka looked down to see Ryoko clench her fist. She could see plasma energy begin to well in it.
"You're right," sighed Aeka. 
"Hey, if you only trust me on one thing in your entire, stuck up life, believe me on this one; I will protect Sasami, with my life if need be."
Aeka nodded.
"And another thing. After all the shit I've had to put up with from you, I reserve the right to kill you, and if any else tries, they'll have to answer to me."
Aeka paused, trying to decipher what Ryoko had just said. 

'I hope that's just Ryoko's way of saying 'I'll protect you too', and not a threat.'

She nodded. "Err, thank you. I think."
Ryoko leaned back and smiled. "No problem your royalness."

Sasami was taking Tanaki on a tour of the house. They stopped off at the door beneath the stairs.
"...and this is Washuu's lab. Be careful not to touch anything." Tanaki nodded.
As they entered the lab, Tanaki was taken aback at the size of it. Realizing that the door must have been a portal, he looked around to see if he could locate this Washuu. The name rang a bell.
Suddenly a short pink haired woman appeared from behind a desk.
"Hello Sasami." She looked up at the young man standing beside her. "Finally got yourself a man hey? He's not bad looking."
"Washuu..." said Sasami, blushing.
Tanaki decided to play along. He knelt down beside her, put his arm around her, and looked at her, his eyes full of hurt.
"Beloved, why do you deny our love so? Are you ashamed of me? Am I suddenly not good enough for you?"
"Stop it!" she said, going a deeper red.
Washuu walked up and knelt in front of the two. "So when's the happy day then?"
"Oh, we're not sure yet." He pulled Sasami closer. "Sasami's still trying to find a wedding dress."
"I think I can help you with that."
Washuu pulled a keyboard form subspace, and began typing.
Tanaki got up and stood back as Sasami's clothes changed.
"How about traditional human?"
Sasami's attire changed to that of a typical wedding dress, with white flowing robes. She spun round, trying to look at herself. She had often dreamed of how she would look on her wedding day.
Washuu pressed another button, creating a mirror for Sasami to use.
"How about Regalian?" asked Tanaki, as he leant over and typed a few buttons.
Suddenly Sasami was dressed in a drab brown dress, with dark green tatters.
She turned to the two jokers, a frown on her face, her hands on her hips.
Tanaki smiled. "There's only one dress suitable for my betrothed."
He typed in the letters on Washuu's keyboard. R-O-Y-A-L J-U-R-I-A-N.
Sasami gasped as she saw herself dressed in the Royal Wedding dress. She had seen pictures of her mother in the dress, and had wanted to try it on ever since.
"There. Doesn't she look stunning?"
"I'll say. I'd marry her myself, if I wasn't of the same gender."
Sasami wasn't listening.
"Looks like I'll have to introduce myself. She won't be coming back down to earth for a while. I'm Tanaki."
Washuu extended her hand. "Pleased to meet you. I'm Washuu, the greatest genius in the universe."
Tanaki smiled. "My friend would have some words about that."
Washuu raised an eyebrow. "Someone making a challenge for my title? It wouldn't be the first time."
"His name's Karigato. His genius quotient is, is, damn I've forgotten. Excuse me please."
Much to Washuu's surprise, Tanaki pulled his own keyboard out of phased space.
"A little gift from Karigato. Ah here it is. Genius quotient, 500,067."
"Let me see that." Washuu pulled the console from Tanaki. 
"It's all official. I guess I've been letting myself slip."
"I'm sorry." Said Tanaki, feeling a little rotten about himself.
"Oh, it's not your fault. There's only one way from the top, and that's down. Don't worry, I'm not far off."
She puffed out her chest. "499,509."
Tanaki gave a whistle. "Wow."
By now the novelty of the dress had worn off. Now she wanted to show her sister. She tugged at Washuu's arm. "Can I got show Aeka the dress please Washuu?"
"I don't know, what would your husband-to-be have to say about that?"
Tanaki nodded. "I don't think that'll be a problem."
Sasami beamed. "Thank you!" she chimed, running off towards the door.
"Hang on, I need to make some adjustments." Washuu typed a few things on her keyboard. "There."
Sasami smiled, waved and ran out, shouting her sister's name.
"Aeka's going to go livid when she sees Sasami in the dress," commented Washuu.
She turned to Tanaki. "That reminds me. Why *are* you here?"
Tanaki relayed the situation to her.
Washuu's face saddened. "That is serious. When are you thinking on leaving?"
"That all depends on Aeka. She is my superior, I cannot force her to go."
"Oh, she won't want to leave in a hurry. Especially if Lord Tenchi's still here."
Tanaki's expression changed to one of surprise. 
"Tenchi?"
"Don't you know?" She smiled. "Of course you don't. Lord Tenchi doesn't know himself, and neither Aeka nor Ryoko would tell you."
"Ryoko?"
"Better sit down, this is gonna take a while..."
 
Tenchi scratched his head, and looked down at his book with a perplexed look on his face. He was never any good at maths. There was a knock at the door. Tenchi turned, happy for the interruption. 
"Come in."
Aeka came in, looking very worried. Perhaps more worried than she actually was.
"What's the matter?" he asked, beginning to feel a little upset himself.
Suddenly Aeka burst into tears and flung herself at Tenchi.
"What's wrong, Aeka? What's the matter?"
She told him the news, amid sobs and weeps.
Tenchi held her listening, gradually becoming more and more concerned.
When she had finished, he let go of her and passed her a tissue.
She wiped her eyes, as Tenchi spoke to her.
"You have to leave here. You're not safe here."
Aeka began crying again. "I, I don't want to leave, I can't leave!" she sobbed.
"Why not? We'll all miss you, but that comes second to your safety."
Aeka looked into Tenchi's eyes.
"I don't want to leave you Tenchi. I love you."
The three words hit Tenchi hard. He was shell-shocked.

'What do I say?'
'Do you love her?'
'I don't know, I never really thought of her like that.'

He looked up at her. She was waiting for a response.
"I, I err, don't know what to say. I had no idea you felt that way. I didn't know you could feel that way."
"What? I don't understand."
Tenchi swallowed hard. "Well Aeka, you're a princess. Soon you'll be the ruler of an entire kingdom."
He looked down at the floor, realizing how small he now felt. "I'm just a school boy."
Aeka looked at, a hurt expression on her face.
"Is that what you really felt?"
He nodded. "I was afraid that I just wasn't good enough for you, and so I stopped dreaming."
Dreaming. Aeka ran the word through her mind. There was still hope. He may not have openly admitted that he loved her, but he had said he had dreamed about them together.
"Dreams sometimes come true, Tenchi." 
She drew herself up close to him. "Please, don't think of me like that anymore Tenchi. It hurts me."
"Do you think now you could ever love me, Tenchi?"
Tenchi swallowed hard and looked at her. She was *very* attractive. Very. And now that she had in effect given him the green light...
"Yes."
His lips had moved without him thinking.
She hugged him, half crying, half laughing.
"Oh Tenchi, that's all I needed to know!"
He prized the princess off, and looked at her again. "You still have to leave."
She shook her head. "I couldn't possibly now, now that there is a chance for, us." She looked down at the floor. "I'm being selfish, aren't I?"
"Perhaps a little."
"Then I will send Sasami back to Jurai. She'll be safe there. I shall remain here." She looked away.
"Then if anything should happen to me, then at least Sasami..."
Tenchi grabbed her shoulders and glared at her.
"Don't talk that way! I didn't say that I loved you, but I still care about you. Don't say such things. Please."
The two hugged, still unsure as to what to do. Ryoko watched unseen from the bedroom corner. She was not happy.

Later that day Tenchi sat on the front step, certain that his day couldn't get more awkward. Then Ryoko sat down next to him.
"I take it Aeka or Tanaki told you of the problem."
Tenchi nodded.
"Then I want to tell you. You've been kinder to me than anyone else."
She paused. "With the exception of perhaps Sasami. Anyway, I'm here to help in anyway I can."
"Thank you Ryoko, that means a lot to me. And I'm sure it will to Aeka and Sasami."
"I'm sorry we're always fighting, Tenchi. It can't be easy for you."
"I just can't see why you can't be friends. Like you are with Tanaki."

'This is it, Ryoko. Aeka's gone one up on you already. It's now or never.'

"Do you know what we're fighting over?"
"I guess it's because of your past."
"There is that. But there's something else."
"What?"
"You."
For the second time that day, Tenchi felt as though he had been hit by brick.
"What?"
"We love you Tenchi. Both of us." She looked to one side. "That's what we're fighting over. You."
Tenchi laughed. "That's ridiculous! Why would you love me?"
Ryoko gave Tenchi the same face as Aeka had early that day. A pained face. 
Ryoko got up and began to move away, a tear welling in her eye.
"Wait, Ryoko, please, I'm sorry."
She continued moving away from him. Tenchi could distinctively hear crying. He got up and ran after her.
"Please forgive me, Ryoko, I had no right to say that."
Ryoko turned to him, tears streaming down her face. 
"I thought you were different. I thought you cared. I thought I had found someone who could love me for who I am now, not who I was."
She shook her head. "I tried to change for you Tenchi. I tried. I see now you're just like the rest of them."
It was Tenchi's turn to look pained.
"Please Ryoko, I do care about you, greatly. As much as I do anyone else in the house. I wouldn't have asked you stay with us if I didn't."
Ryoko's face brightened. "You mean it? You're not just saying it, are you?"
Tenchi nodded. "Can you forgive me?"
He recoiled as Ryoko hugged him. "Of course I forgive you! I love you so much that I could forgive you for anything."
"Thank you Ryoko."
He sighed. Out of the blue two women had just professed their love for him. His life had just gotten exponentially more complex.

Tanaki had organized a meeting for that night, after Sasami had gone to bed. Aeka, Ryoko, Tanaki and Tenchi sat in the living room. Aeka had refused to leave for Jurai, although for different reasons to those she gave Tenchi.
"Seeing as we're staying, it would be wise to fortify our position here."
Tenchi groaned, as he imagined his house surrounded by a 50 foot perimeter fence, sentinel lasers and a moat.
"Something wrong Tenchi?" asked Aeka.
"Oh, it's just that I don't really want this place looking like some sort of prison, that's all."
Tanaki smiled. Don't worry about the cosmetics. You won't notice any changes. I'll hide all the defenses in phased space."
"Phased space?" the other three all asked simultaneously. 
"I'll explain it later. Similar place to where Washuu puts her stuff."
"Ah," all three chorused.
Just then Washuu entered the room. 
"Good evening. Sorry I'm late, I had some difficulty getting to these two. Apparently someone disabled their ship, and they've been trying to repair it for the last 6 hours."
"It would have been two, if Mihoshi hadn't..."
Kiyone stopped mid-sentences, glaring at Tanaki.
"YOU!"
Tanaki pressed a button on his belt as Kiyone drew her firearm and brought it to bear on him. She looked hard at him. He had a ghost like appearance about him.
"I wouldn't waste your time Kiyone," said Washuu, pouring herself a cup of tea and taking a seat. "He's partially phased. Your shots would pass straight through him."
Ryoko looked at Tanaki and smiled. "I take it you're the that person."
He nodded.
Reluctantly, she sat down next to Mihoshi.
"If I disengage my phase shield, will you promise not to gun me down?" he asked, looking at Kiyone.
"I'm sorry for disabling your ship, but I was in a hurry."
Kiyone continued to glare at him.
"Come on Kiyone. He nearly killed me, and I still forgave him."
Kiyone's stature didn't change.
"Oh well, I'm a dead man then." 
He pressed a button on his belt and Tanaki suddenly became full bodied again.
Everyone stared at Kiyone.
She sat uncomfortably for a while.
"Ok, ok, I won't kill him."
Mihoshi giggled. "Don't worry. She's been threatening to kill me for years."
Kiyone glanced dangerously at her partner.
"See?"

Light years away on a run-down space port, a conversation was in progress. Between a Jurian and an assassin. 
"This had better be good. I had to leave a potential job for this." 
"Miss Ashitama, I presume. Please, take a seat."
The assassin did as she was bade.
"I represent a concerned member of the Jurian royal family. I will not disclose the member's name on pain of death, so do not even think of trying to extort me."
"Your concern is noted."
"Do not take this matter lightly Miss Ashitama. Betray us and you will feel the wrath of my brethren."
"I get the point."
"To business then. My master is concerned with the current ruler of the Jurian Empire. Further more, the Emperor has two daughters, who may stand in..."
"Do you want me to kill the Emperor, or ice his two daughters?"
The Jurian moved uncomfortably at Ashitama's choice of words.
"The latter."
He passed a card to her, face down. She picked it up and looked at it. The older one no problem, but the younger one...
"This is gonna cost you."
"Ten billion credits to the first person to bring me their heads." 
Although Ashitama's expression didn't change, she was truly shocked. She didn't think she could even imagine what ten billion credits looked like.
"Where are they?"
"A planet called earth."
Ashitama got up and began to leave.
"I must warn you, Miss Ashitama, you are not the only 'agent' we have enlisted. And remember, both heads are needed."
She nodded and moved off towards her ship, her heart beating. Ten billion credits! She boarded her ship and took her seat.
"Ship, plot course for the Sol system, maximum velocity." She typed a few further commands into the console before her, before getting up. She would need to be ready.

Washuu came running into the kitchen, and looked around, a hint of urgency on her face.
"Sasami, have you seen your sister anywhere?"
Sasami nodded. "I think she's on the Reichan."
Washuu nodded. "Thanks."
She made her way to the phase gateway that linked the house to Tanaki's ship, the Reichan. 
"Aeka!" she called, entering the blue corridors of the ship, making her way to the bridge.
On the bridge, Aeka, Tanaki, Tenchi and Ryoko were staring at the view screen. Washuu burst through the door, and looked up at the monitor.
"So you've seen."
On the view screen was a ship. A dangerous looking ship. 
Tanaki's body shifted, his entire posture changing. 
"Computer, I want a scan of that ship!", commanded Tanaki. He turned to Aeka.
"Get on that com link and contact Kiyone and Mihoshi. Tell them we'll meet them in orbit. Tenchi, you're staying with here with Washuu to protect Sasami and Aeka."
"What am I supposed to do?" asked Ryoko, feeling a little left out.
"You're getting  in Ryo Ohki and helping us take down that ship, before it gets here."
He looked round at a group of staring faces.
"Well, get going!"

Minutes later, the Reichan and Ryo Ohki soared through the atmosphere to meet the Yagami. Tanaki raised hails to the two ships.
"Right, here's how we play it. I'll confront the ship and you two flank me. Make sure it doesn't try to slip past."
"Got it. Kiyone out."
"Ok, ok, let's get moving."
Three ships streaked away from earth towards the imposing vessel.

In the house Aeka paced up and down, gripped with anxiety. Tenchi watched from his seat at the table, the hilt of his sword in one hand, a cup of tea in the other. Sasami watched her sister with a worried face. Something was bothering her sister, and she didn't like it. 
"Aeka, what's the matter? What's going on? Where's Ryoko? Where's  Tanaki?"
"Sasami be quiet!" Aeka shouted, venting her frustration on her sister.
Tears began to well in Sasami's eyes.
Tenchi glared at Aeka, before getting up to comfort the little girl.
"Your sister's just a little, tense. She didn't mean to shout. *Did* you Aeka?"
Aeka moved towards her sister and knelt before her. 
"I'm sorry. It's just that I'm.."
"A little tense? What about?"
Aeka sighed. "I suppose I ought to tell you. Sit down."
Sasami's eyes widened as Aeka told Sasami of the current situation. Despite her best efforts, Sasami couldn't hide the fact she was frightened. She flung her arms around her big sister, and hugged her hard.
Aeka hugged her back, closing her eyes, regretting her decision to stay.
She looked up at Tenchi with worried eyes, who was fighting back a tear himself. 
"I have reconsidered our position. As much as this pains me Tenchi, I fear we must leave you. Sasami will be safer on Jurai."
"No!"
Aeka and Tenchi looked at Sasami, surprised at her outburst.
"I want to stay here. I feel safer here."
"You know, she's probably right."
All three spun round to she Washuu enter the room.
She continued. "I doubt the entire imperial guard could handle Ryoko, let alone a professional assassin. Besides, you are now protected by Washuu security LTD."
Washuu pulled a keyboard out of subspace, and keyed in some commands. Three screens and several consoles appeared in the kitchen in front of them. On the first screen was the fight between the three fighters and the assassin's ship. The second and third screens were those of space. They watched as their friends fought their assailant as it closed on earth. 
"They're getting nowhere," said Washuu under her breath.  She pulled out a headphone-set and put it on.
"Tanaki, Tanaki, can you hear me, this is Washuu."
"This is Tanaki, make it quick, we've got our hands full."
"I noticed. What's the problem, three ships of your ability should have been able to deal with that one by now?"
"He's using some kind of refractive field. It's redirecting our fire away from his ship."
Washuu turned to screen two. She typed in some commands, displaying the enemy ship, with various labels on it. Resting her chin in her hand, she examined the ship carefully.
"Actually, it's a forced refractive field," she replied to Tanaki. "Clever one at that. It uses a dual mode refractive EM..."
"Spare me the jargon Washuu, I don't have the time. Is there any way to bypass it?"
"Of course," said Washuu nodding. "There always is."
Aeka couldn't control herself any longer. "Then tell him!"
The rest of them stared at her, making her feel a little uncomfortable. She shifted, looking at the floor before looking up at Washuu.
"I am terribly sorry, I'm sure you're doing your best, it's just that every second that ship get that much closer to earth."
Washuu nodded to her. "I understand your concern, and your outburst, unnecessary as it was." She turned to screen one, and then to screen two. "You needn't worry about the ones that come in through the front door. We'll always be able to get them. It's the ones that try to sneak in round the back that you need to watch."
Washuu pointed to screen two. "Computer, display time index minus 5."
The screen flashed, showing space again.
Tenchi looked closer at the screen. "I don't get it, Washuu. What is it we're supposed to be looking at?"
"The ship that's coming through the back door. Computer, subspace scan mode."
The screen turned a blue colour, and a small ship was clearly visible.
"Our friend that Tanaki is fighting is obviously a brawn over brains type. Big ship, big guns, no intelligence. If he lands, we could probably expect some armour-clad baboon with all the tact of pre-menstrual gorilla. This other one we might have missed. It's these you have to watch out for."
Aeka started to look worried again. "What do we do about it then?"
"We fight him here, on Earth."
"WHAT?!"
Washuu sighed and sat down. "Being a genius also makes me a damn good strategist. He thinks he's bypassed our defenses, and that we don't know he's coming." She poured herself some tea and sipped at it. We have the upper hand and the true element of surprise. And Ryoko."
Washuu adjusted her headset and spoke:
"Right, listen up this is mission control."
"Hey, since when were you designated mission commander?"
"Shut up Ryoko and listen. You come back to Earth, low orbit. A second cloaked ship entered the system, and you'll be need to help Tenchi fight him."
"Now just a minute Washuu," interrupted Aeka, "you're seriously not considering letting Lord Tenchi fight an assassin are you?"
Tenchi looked at her reassuringly as he could. "I've gotta fight sometime, or I'm no use to you. I'll be fine."
Ryoko's head appeared on view screen three. "Don't worry your highness, I'll take care of him." She gave Aeka a big wink. "I'm coming back."
"What about us?" asked Kiyone.
"I was just getting to that. I've analysed the ship you're fighting and I've figured out a way to bypass his field. Keep on him a minute while I download the information to your ships. The instructions are simple, so even a fool could follow them."
Mihoshi shifted uncomfortably in her seat, waiting for Kiyone's comment. It didn't come.
"Understood everyone?"
"I'm still not sure about letting Tenchi fight that assassin."
Washuu folded her arms and looked at Aeka, disappointed. "He's a big boy now. If he can't handle a couple of assassins, well..."
"Washuu, this is no joking matter."
"You're both right." interrupted Tenchi. He looked at Aeka once again, trying to do his best to reassure her. "I've dealt with worse."
Sasami giggled. "Yeah, like your cooking."
Aeka glared at her sister, before turning back to Tenchi. "Can I talk to you, in private?"
"Better make it quick Aeka, I have to brief Tenchi, and Ryoko's due back in five minutes."
Aeka nodded and guided Tenchi into the living room. Happy that they were alone, Aeka threw her arms around Tenchi, and hugged him.
"Be careful Tenchi. I don't want to lose you."
Tenchi hugged her back, slightly more comfortable with the situation than with the last time.
"I have no intention of dying." He swallowed. "Especially if I can get more hugs from such a beautiful women as yourself again."
He held his breath, wondering if he had gone a little too far with his complement. He did care for Aeka, perhaps a little more now that he knew she loved him, but was afraid of how to express himself. He had never been very good at it.
"I will always be here for you." She released him and looked him deep in the eyes. "Always."
Tenchi suddenly felt uncomfortable again. Aeka's face was inches from his. She began to move towards him. Even closer.
"Tenchi, Ryoko's arrived. Get into the kitchen so I can brief you on the situation."
Aeka closed her eyes, cursing Washuu's timing. She followed Tenchi into the kitchen, where Ryoko was now waiting.
"Where did you two go to?" asked Ryoko, looking at Aeka suspiciously. 
"I wanted to talk to Lord Tenchi on a private matter. Nothing to concern yourself with Ryoko," came the icy reply.
Washuu handed Ryoko and Tenchi a headset. "This is so we can keep in touch. I've got enough sensors and motion trackers wired up around the house to detect the rustling of grass. Hopefully I can inform you before you encounter any nasty surprises."
Ryoko and Tenchi put their headsets on and tested them. Happy that everything was in order, Washuu continued.
"Tanaki and Kiyone are still modifying their ships, so won't be joining us for at least 20 minutes. So we either eliminate this guy now, or hold him off until reinforcements arrive."
Everyone nodded. 
"Good. Let's get started. You two go outside. I'll tell you where our guy is as soon as he arrives. Stick together. Assassin's like to pick off people one by one."
Ryoko put her arm around Tenchi and pulled him next to her. "Don't worry, we'll stick together like we're glued at the sides."
Tenchi tried to ignore the murderous glance that Aeka gave Ryoko.
"Sasami, you stay here with Aeka and me and help out here."
Aeka looked at Washuu. "Do you think that is a good idea?"
Washuu looked back at Aeka. "You'd like to keep an eye on her wouldn't you? I'll need some help in here too."
Washuu handed what closely resembled a joy pad to Sasami. "Right, you're in charge of the middle screen. This button is change cameras, this is zoom, infrared mode, motion, cloak detection, laser cannon."
Sasami nodded and tried it out. Aeka looked disapprovingly at Washuu. 
"Would you rather I send her out and defend herself in hand to hand combat?"
"Of course not. It's just that, this isn't a computer game. These are peoples lives."
"It's your sister or that assassin. Make your choice."
Aeka lost her temper. "She too young to kill someone!"
The room was silent for a few seconds, before Tenchi spoke out.
"I have to agree with her Washuu. This isn't a game."
"Fine, I'll set the defenses to stun. Is that alright?"
Aeka nodded. "That is acceptable."
"Good. Right, you two get outside. Sasami, keep your eyes peeled. Aeka, get Azaka and Kamidaka down here, to guard the doors."
Everyone nodded and did as they were bade. The defense of the Masaki house had began in earnest. 

Chapter 2: Emotions 


Inside the house, Sasami had fallen into her role. She had found a chair with wheels on the bottom, and was sliding between consoles, trying to keep tabs on the incoming vessel. Beside her, Washuu was watching the battle in space, giving advice to the pilots as they tried to down their quarry. Behind them, Aeka watched, wishing she was doing something.
"Washuu, don't I get a headset?" she asked.
Washuu shook her head. "I'm sorry Aeka. I've noticed you've been a little on edge tonight. It's understandable, but we don't want you shouting to our people every time you see a leaf rustle. Tenchi and Ryoko will be tense enough as it is without false alarms every five minutes."
Aeka nodded her head and sighed. "I should be out there with them."
Tenchi spoke into his microphone piece. "Washuu, don't let her out here. If that assassin sees her, he's going to go all out to kill her."
Ryoko looked at him. "What do you think he's going to do to us? Ignore us?"
Tenchi frowned at her. "No. It's just that, well, he might have something prepared specifically for Aeka."
Sasami's giggle could be heard through all the headsets. "Maybe we could disguise her."
Washuu sat thinking for a minute. "You know Sasami, that's a good idea. You'd still be in danger, but no more that Tenchi and Ryoko. And I don't intend to lose either of them. Sasami, how long 'til that ships puts down."
Sasami glided across the floor to console one. "Five minutes."
Washuu nodded. "Right, I'll be back in a minute. Here."
She threw a watch-like device to Sasami. "Put this on. If you get in trouble, push the red button. It'll put you on a special ship I built, and take you to Jurai. Don't hesitate to use it. We can always bring you back from Jurai. We can't bring you back from the dead."
Sasami nodded, and put the watch on. 
Aeka followed Washuu to the kitchen door, before pausing. "Azaka, Kamidaka, don't let anything happen to Sasami."
"Of course your Highness."
"No harm will come to your sister."
Aeka nodded goodbye to her sister, and left.

Outside, Tenchi and Ryoko stood monitoring the skyline. It was not yet dark, but the sun had disappeared from view, the trees in front casting enormous shadows. Ryoko turned to Tenchi.
"Say someone were to come after me. Would you do this for me?"
Tenchi nodded. "Of course I would." His expression changed. "Why? Is there someone after you?"
Ryoko smiled and sat down. "There's always someone after me. I'm a notorious space pirate, remember?"
Tenchi sat down beside her and took her hand. "Don't worry Ryoko. We'll look after you."
She looked at him, surprised at his sudden show of affection towards her. Her head dropped. 
"I somehow doubt everyone would put in this much effort into protecting me."
"I would."
"And so would I." 
The two had forgotten they could still be heard over the headsets. 
Ryoko smiled again. "Thank you Sasami. Thank you both."
Her heart lifted as she realized what she had here. Friends. She had never been anywhere long enough to make friends, and never really trusted anyone anyway. Her thoughts were interrupted by Sasami's voice.
"The ship just landed, two miles north."
Tenchi pulled down the eyepiece attached to his headset. There was a small red arrow on it. He turned his head until it changed into a crosshair. He pointed, "That way."
Ryoko put her arm around Tenchi. "Hang on!"

Sasami slid over to console three and changed the view to that of an overhead shot. The two blips that represented Tenchi and Ryoko were now next to the landed ship. She slid back to console one, and changed to the cameras around that area. She frowned. There was nothing there.

Tenchi and Ryoko were also baffled. "Sasami, are you sure this is were the ship put down?"
Sasami's voice crackled over the intercom. "Yes, the readings say the ship is here."
Ryoko looked around again. "I don't see it."
Tenchi looked at Ryoko. "It's a decoy! Get us back to the house!"

Sasami changed views to the cameras around the house. She panned the grounds, searching for signs of the assailant. Suddenly there was a massive explosion, throwing Sasami off her chair to the ground. She lay on the floor trembling, as Azaka and Kamidake moved to her side.
"Are you all right your Highness?" Asked Azaka. She nodded, still a little shaken.
"Sasami! Sasami!"
The young princess looked round to see where the voices were coming from. On the floor was her head set which had fallen off in the blast. She crept over and put it on.
"Sasami! Can you hear me? SASAMI?"
"I'm here." She whispered.
"Thank goodness." Came the reply. "Are you OK? What happened?"
"I don't know, there was a large explosion and I was thrown off my chair."
"We're at the house now. Don't worry."
Feeling a little better she got back onto her chair, as Washuu and Aeka ran in.
"Sasami, are you alright?" 
Sasami turned to say yes, but stopped, as her jaw dropped. "Aeka? Is that you?"
Aeka's appearance had changed dramatically. She was a few inches taller, with deep red hair that was now only shoulder length. She had bright blue eyes and was wearing clothes perhaps better suited to Ryoko than the future Empress of Jurai. Sasami's familiar giggle could be heard over the headsets again.
Aeka turned to Washuu. "What happened?"
"Some kind of propelled explosive." Came the reply. "Luckily the entire house is protected by a level 10 neutronium based phase field, run by four micro singularity reactors and two backups. Didn't even scratch the paint work."
"Enough talk, when do we get to nail this bastard?" Ryoko's voice was cold and clear.
"Now. Sasami, set up the airborne emitter to produce a Omega radiation blast, followed by a zeta wave emission."
Sasami looked at Washuu, a blank expression on her face. "Ok, I'll show you how to do it in a minute. Tenchi, Ryoko, go to the front door, Aeka will meet you there. Remember, she looks different."
Ryoko and Tenchi stood by the front door, and gasped as Aeka stepped out. 
Ryoko gave a whistle. "Nice threads your Highness. Mind if I borrow them some time?" 
Aeka ignored her and turned to Tenchi. Tenchi was blushing. She looked at him, puzzled.
"What is it Tenchi? I know it's not what I normally wear, but Washuu said I should try to look completely different."
Ryoko's mood turned from playful to irritated. "He's blushing because you're flashing more cleavage than even I do."
This time it was Aeka to blush. "Oh dear, how frightfully embarrassing. I do hope you don't think any less of me because of this Tenchi. I'm only doing this..."
Tenchi shook his head. "It's alright Aeka. It's my fault. It's just that you look..."
This time it was Ryoko's turn to interrupt. "Ok, break it up, we have a job to do."
"Quite right," said Washuu "let's try to keep our hormone-flooded brains on the task in hand."
Sasami's voice chimed through the headsets. "I've found him!"
All three adjusted their eyepieces, and turned their heads until the crosshairs appeared.
"I don't see him." Whispered Tenchi.
Suddenly a bolt of energy burst from the bushes in front of them, only to be deflected by a Jurian forcefield. Ryoko jumped to one side, unleashing a volley of plasma back into the bushes, only to see a shadowy figure leap to one side seconds before the balls of energy exploded into the undergrowth.
Tenchi crouched to one side, his Jurian sword glowing in his hands. 
"We can't fight him if we can't see him Washuu." He said, his voice filled with urgency. 
He leapt to one side avoiding another bolt of energy, as Ryoko let forth another volley towards it's origin.
Back in the kitchen Washuu and Sasami were finishing the modifications to their cloak counter measure.
"Right, that ought to do it. Listen up. When I say, cover your eyes. Got it?"
Three yes's came back over the com link.
"Now!"
A bright green flash of light bathed the house and it's surroundings.
"Again!"
A white light flashed down.
"Again!"
A second burst of light flashed down.
"Ok folks, you have your target!"
The three open their eyes, to see a fluorescent figure standing in front of them. Once again Washuu's voice could be heard through the earpieces. 
"Ryoko, teleport behind him, cut off his escape. Aeka, go with Tenchi to the right. Sasami and I will close off the left."
Suddenly twenty laser batteries appeared out of phased space around the assassin. Washuu turned to Sasami, who was sporting an evil grin. 
"Try to blow me up would you?" she asked rhetorically. Twenty laser batteries blazed fiery death on the assassin, who dodged frantically. Tenchi turned to Aeka, with a worried look on his face.
"I thought your sister was supposed to be kawaii."
"Not from where I'm sitting she's not," said Washuu. "Hey, calm down Sasami. You'll hit your own people."
"Sorry, I got a little carried away."
The assassin backed away from the sentinel laser batteries, only to face Tenchi and Aeka.
"Going somewhere?" he asked. 
Tenchi leapt at him, sword raised high. The assassin drew his own blade, and there was a crackle as the two swords clashed. The two fought fiercely as Aeka watched, terrified lest Tenchi be hurt. Presently she was joined by Ryoko.
Back in the kitchen, Sasami had about forty separate weapons trained on the fight, unable to get a clear shot. She bit her lip, as the crosshair moved back and forth over the two.
"I can't get a clear shot," said Sasami, disappointedly. 
Tenchi blocked a series of fast blows before responding in kind. "I'm not going to be able to beat this guy any time soon. The lasers are set on stun, right Washuu?"
Washuu nodded unseen to Tenchi. "Yes."
"Then stun us both."
Before Ryoko and Aeka could protest, a beam of energy descended on the two. Both screamed before collapsing. 
"Washuu!" Aeka shouted angrily over the headset.
"He'll be fine," interrupted Washuu. "Get him back to the house, the assassin too."

It was morning before Tenchi regained consciousness. He looked up to see Aeka, still in her disguise. He looked up at her face, down a bit before blushing and looking back at her face.
"How long was I out for?"
Aeka passed him a cup of tea. "All night. I was frightfully worried that you wouldn't recover." Tenchi rubbed his head and groaned.
"What's wrong Tenchi, what is it?" asked Aeka.
"I've just got a little headache. Nothing too bad. I've had worse."  He looked at Aeka again.
"Could you possibly change Aeka?" he asked nervously.
Aeka nodded. "Of course. I'm so sorry, I was so worried I didn't have time to change. I'm sorry."
"It's not you, it's me, Aeka. It's just that they're a little, revealing, and I don't trust myself."
He looked down at his tea, feeling dirty and a little ashamed of himself.
"You find me, how do you say, physically attractive then?" she asked, curiosity getting the better of her sense of decency. 
Tenchi continued to stare at his cup. "Of course I do. I'm just afraid that I'll stare, and that you'll think less of me for it. I don't want that to happen." He risked a glance at Aeka. He gulped and looked back down at his tea.
Aeka felt that she had a certain hold over Tenchi. It gave her a sort of feeling she liked.

'You're acting like Ryoko.'
'I know, but look at him. He's sort of sweet when he's embarrassed.'
'But you're making him feel uncomfortable.'
'If he's to be your husband, he will have to learn become comfortable around you.'
'But not when you're dressed like this.'
'I like being dressed like this. It's, it's exciting.'
'It's not fitting for the next Empress of Jurai.'

She shook her head. She wanted this moment. It may be the only one she had. 
She leant forward and lifted Tenchi's head with her hand. 
"Do you like it when I dress like this Tenchi?" she whispered.
Tenchi squirmed, unable to look away. "No. Well, yes. Well, well it's just not what I expect from you."
"What do you expect from me?"
"You always dress in smart, conservative clothes."
"Am I not allowed to dress like this Tenchi?"
"I suppose you can dress how you want." He squirmed again, as she drew her chest closer to him. He swallowed hard.
Aeka had never seduced someone. Obedience had always come from her position as Princess. Never because someone found her attractive. It was as if she was using a power that was hers, not one that had been given by title.
Tenchi's mind was a mess. This is the sort behaviour he expected from Ryoko. Over the time spent with her, he could sort of deal with her. But not Aeka. His eyes wandered down towards her chest again. He closed his eyes and held his breath. This was very uncomfortable.
Aeka had watched with curiosity the movement to Tenchi's eyes. There was a time when she would have hit a man for staring at her like that, but she was intrigued. It was as if Tenchi couldn't help himself. She was about to continue her little experiment when a call from downstairs interrupted her. Tenchi gave a sigh of exasperation as Aeka slipped off his bed. She turned in his doorway. "We shall continue this discussion at a later date."
 
About half an hour later, Tenchi plucked up the courage to go downstairs. Everyone sitting in the living room, and Aeka was in her normal clothes, much to his relief. 
"Ah, feeling better I take it Tenchi," said Tanaki, passing him a cup of coffee.
He nodded and sipped from his cup, before looking up at Tanaki.
"What happened to you? Did you get that ship?"
Tanaki smiled. "Sure did. Everything turned out pretty well, didn't it ladies?"
Tenchi looked over to Kiyone and Mihoshi, who smiled back. He had obviously missed something.
"To cut a very long story short, we disabled the ship and a Galaxy Police transport picked up the two assassins this morning."
Mihoshi couldn't contain herself anymore. "We got promoted!" 
Tenchi was so startled by the sudden outburst that he nearly choked on his coffee.
"Well done," he was able to splutter. 
Kiyone gave her partner a disapproving glance, before turning to Tenchi.
"It's no big deal. It's more of a half promotion. Anyway it would appear both the criminals were in the top twenty Galaxy Police wanted list. Apparently the one we were chasing stole the royal Futarian Jewels a year ago. The Police couldn't stop him, because of his shields."
"We need to thank Washuu for that little one," added Tanaki. "Credit where's its due."
Washuu nodded. "It was trivial problem really."
Kiyone continued. "The guy you took down was wanted for various assassinations of high end diplomats. We have you and Washuu to thank again."
Mihoshi shifted on her seat. "Tell him the rest Kiyone."
Kiyone finished her tea, and set the cup on the table before finishing her story. "Galaxy Police HQ believes that at least fifteen of the top twenty wanted criminals have been contacted about this 'job'. They see it as a prime opportunity to catch them all."
Tenchi frowned. "We're talking about people's lives here. Aeka and Sasami aren't simply bait."
Tanaki nodded in agreement. "I said the very same thing."
"The Galaxy Police are well aware of the situation. They did offer to help, but someone refused."
Kiyone turned to look at Washuu.
"What? My security measures are better than anything the Galaxy Police have. The fact that I was able to stop two criminals the Galaxy Police have been chasing since the dawn of time..."
Ryoko glared at her. "You?"
"Ok, ok, it wouldn't have happened without you all. But still, if we don't need the Jurian Royal Guard, then we don't need the Galaxy Police, bar the present company, of course."
"I suppose they'd just get in the way," suggested Tenchi.
The group sat in silence for a while, recapping on the day's events. Tenchi yawned and stretched, fatigued after all the exercise and excitement. 
"I'm off to bed. Some of us have other commitments you know."
Ryoko frowned at him. "Like what?"
Tenchi smiled. "School Ryoko. Saving princesses is only my part time job."

Just outside the sol system drifted a cloaked ship, well out of the range of Washuu's detectors. On board sat Ashitama, deep in thought.
'It would appear my hurry to get here was unnecessary. No one's going to get the heads of those two princesses any time soon.'
She poured herself a drink and leant back in her chair. It was all very well that her competition was being eliminated by whoever it was defending the third planet, however *she* still had to get down there. She was good. She knew she was good, but there were odds that even she knew she couldn't overcome. Masses of untrained, inexperienced troops, no problem. But it only takes one guy who knows what he's doing before her operation slams to a stop and she loses her flow.
Ashitama finished her drink and crushed the cup in her hand. That's the way she had been stopped before. Some smartass Jurian kids with fancy equipment. She shook her head.

'Credit where it's due, they were good. At least one of them was. Or perhaps the other one was just unlucky.'
She allowed herself a cruel smile, which rapidly vanished, as she touched the long scar on her face.
'But if I come across you again...'

The crumpled cup flew across the bridge into a corner.
"Computer, have that mess cleaned up. I'm taking a break, inform me of any changes."
"Yes, Miss Ashitama."
Her time would come. All that was required was patience.

It had been nearly two weeks since the first attack. Since then there had been a nearly unending convoy of would-be bounty hunters, all trying their luck at the big one. Fortunately the group of friends were well prepared and so defending the two princesses rapidly turned into a chore. 
Tenchi had just returned from helping Kiyone apprehend another 'rookie', as she had termed them. He sat down at the kitchen table as Sasami poured hot tea into the cup in front of him. He thanked her with a nod, before taking the cup in his hands and blowing on the hot liquid. It seemed that the attacks were coming by the hour.
"Something wrong Tenchi?" asked Sasami.
"I'm just tired. I feel like I've been on guard duty non-stop."
"Would you like me to take some of your shifts?" the princess continued.
Tenchi smiled and shook his head. "That would mean you'd spend less time cooking. And I'd rather be tired than hungry."
Sasami smiled back, and returned to the stove, one eye on the pots in front of her, the other on the small surveillance monitor Washuu had rigged up in the kitchen. Tenchi looked at the princess, an expression of sadness on his face. Sasami caught the reflection of his face in the window, and turned to confront him.
"What's wrong Tenchi? If it's that bad, I'll take your shifts *and* cook."
Tenchi chuckled at the young girl's compassion. "No it's not that Sasami."
Sasami sat down in front of him. "Then what?"
"Well, I was just looking at you, cooking and watching that monitor, and it made me think."
"Go on."
"Well, I just think you're going to find being an Empress, well, a little boring. You look so happy doing all of these little jobs. When you're Empress, well, everyone waiting on you hand and foot, no cooking to do, no security matters, no Ryo Ohki..."
It was Sasami's turn to look glum. "I guess you're right. It's not going to be fun at all is it?"

'Idiot, look what you've done. She's going to renounce her throne or something if you're not careful.'

"Err, Sasami, I'm sure it won't be that bad. When you're Empress, you'll have plenty to do."
"Yeah, boring stuff."
"How about this. I'll come and visit you when you're bored. We'll have some fun. I'll bring Ryoko too."
Sasami's face picked up a little at the prospect of Ryoko running round the royal court causing all kinds of mischief.
"Promise?"
"Promise."
"Ok."

'Phew, got out of that by the skin of your teeth."

"I've got to go now, Sasami, I'm due to spar with Tanaki at half past. Thanks for the tea."
Sasami turned down the stove, and turned around. "I'm coming too. I want to watch Tanaki hit you over head again with a big stick."
She giggled as Tenchi massaged a bump on his head. He would need to be more careful this time. The sticks might be bigger this time.

"What time do you call this?" shouted Tanaki, as Tenchi appeared from the house, with Sasami by his side.
"Sorry," he replied, beginning to regret the idea of practices.
Tanaki pulled some items out of phased space. "Right, after the fiasco last time, Washuu and I fixed up some special equipment."
He tossed two cylinders and a sword hilt to Tenchi.
"These are phase weapons. Basically, they only interact with other phased items, so you can block with your own weapon's blade, but it'll pass straight through anything else."
Tanaki ignored the audible boo that came from the direction of the house and continued. 
"The two cylinders are replicas of forearm lasers, just as you wanted."
Tenchi gazed down at the two uninspiring rods. Shrugging, he fastened them to his arms, and gave Tanaki a nod.
"How do you use these things?" he asked.
"They're psionically linked. You, sort of will them to fire."
Tenchi pulled a face, as if he was trying to lift something heavy.
"No, no. In your head. Man, you look like you're..." He paused mid sentence, remembering the young princess's presence. Skipping the analogy, he activated his own weapons.
"Tell you what, we'll spar, first. That way you'll have to fire those things instinctively, rather than thinking about it. Let's go."
The two faced off, bowed, and began circling slowly. Tenchi struck first, making a figure eight as he sliced down then up at Tanaki. Tanaki coolly deflected the down stroke with his left blade and the up stroke with his right, before striking at Tenchi with both. The young boy flipped back, at pointed his side arms at opponent. Two lancing beams of energy cut through the air at an unprepared Tanaki, who barely managed to deflect them with his side arm force shields.
"Good shot," he commented, "see, instinct not direct thought."
Not to be outdone, Tanaki fired a few of his own shots off, which Tenchi deflected with his sword.
As the fight progressed, Sasami watched in fascination at the two young men exchanging blows. Despite his best efforts, Tenchi had not been able to sway the little girl's mind off the troubling prospect that her future may indeed be 'not much fun'. So deep in thought was Sasami, that she didn't notice her sister sit beside her.
"Sasami? Sasami?"
Her sister's voice slowly brought her back to reality. 
"Sorry Aeka, I was thinking about something."
"Hmmm, something serious by the look upon your face. What's troubling you?"
"Oh, nothing really."
"Come now Sasami, I can always tell when you lie to me. And remember that lying is not a fitting activity for the future Empress of the House of Jurai."
"If you really want to know, Aeka, it's that I'm not sure I want to be Empress."
Aeka sat stunned as Sasami continued to watch the fight. She struggled to reply to her little sister's statement.
"Why ever not? Being Empress is the highest honor a Jurian women could ever hope for."
"Because it won't be fun."
Aeka was having difficulty taking in these responses. "What ever brought this up? I know. It's that dreadful Ryoko isn't it? Well, when I see..."
"It was Tenchi."
"Tenchi?!"
Sasami nodded. "We were in the kitchen, and Tenchi looked sad. When I asked him why, he said it was because he thought I wouldn't have much fun as Empress."
Aeka's mind was put at rest a little. That sounded more like Tenchi, concerned about Sasami's well being. She looked down at her little sister, and a certain sadness tugged at her chest. Sasami was lively and active, unlike herself, who had been a little more reserved. True, Sasami was still young, and her playfulness may diminish a little as she matured, but still.
She put her arm around Sasami and gave her hug.
"It'll be alright Sasami. I promise." Aeka sighed, wondering if she could truly keep her promise.

The two warriors stood facing each other, faces dripping with sweat and determination, neither one willing to give the other any leeway. Totally oblivious to the world around them they waited for the other to move. The two sisters sat silently on the doorstep, watching their guardians trying to stare one another out. This time it was Tanaki to make the first move. He muttered something before disappearing. Tenchi turned ninety degrees to his right, waiting to see if Tanaki would reappear in front or behind him. 
Sasami gasped as Tanaki materialized above Tenchi, his side arms pointing down at him. As he fell, he fired off half a dozen shots at Tenchi, who had only just realized the threat. Crouching and rolling in one fluid motion, he avoided the energy blasts, before returning fire. However Tanaki was in full flow. He disappeared again, before hitting the ground, reappearing again behind Tenchi. The familiar hum of psi blades could be heard, as Tanaki swung at his foe in wide arcing motions. Tenchi went on the defensive again, blocking each swing with his own. They exchanged blows for about a minute before disengaging.
"Call it a draw?" asked Tenchi, gasping for breath.
Tanaki smiled. "Worried about losing again?"
"You're just as tired as I am, and besides, I'm worried that if we get attacked now, I'll be in no fit state to fight back."
Tanaki turned off his side arms, and nodded. "You are of course right. A draw it is. Until next time."
The two shook hands, amidst a young girl's boos.
Aeka looked at her sister, visibly shocked.
"Sasami, stop that at once. They're doing the honorable thing and acknowledging each others skills by offering a draw."
"But I want to see Tenchi get hit on the head."
"I fail to see what is so amusing about Lord Tenchi getting hit on the head."
"He didn't just get hit on the head. Then he fell over."
"Sasami I'm shocked."
"Then he stumbled and fell in the lake. When he got up he was covered in weed. Because his trousers we wet, they fell down when he got out."
Aeka blushed, and it was her sister's turn to be outraged. She stood up and put her hands on her hips.
"You're having naughty thoughts about Tenchi with his trousers down. I'm going to tell him."
She ran off towards Tenchi, shouting his name.
"Sasami, come back here this minute!" called Aeka, who had gotten up to pursue her sister, only to see her whisper something in Tenchi's ear. Sasami giggled, as Tenchi turned to see Aeka walking towards them.
Aeka made a mental note to talk to her little sister, before approaching Tenchi in an effort to reduce the damage Sasami had wreaked. 
"Tenchi, I wish to apologize for my sister's behavior."
Tenchi smiled. "It's alright. She's young and full of energy. Enjoy it while you can, she won't be like this forever. It's natural for young children to be mischievous."
"Nevertheless, I assure you that I respect you and would never, oh dear, how do I put this, picture you with your trousers down."
Tenchi blushed and looked at her.
"Pardon?"
"Didn't Sasami, she, she..."
Both of them glanced towards the house, where Tanaki and Sasami were clearly laughing through the kitchen window.
"Why, I'll..."
Tenchi put his hand on Aeka's shoulder, preventing her from storming over towards the house.
"Come on Aeka," he said, trying to stifle a giggle of his own. "It was only a joke."
"Nevertheless..."
Tenchi tried a different tack.
"Wait a minute Aeka, is there something wrong with me in my underwear?" He put on a dejected face. "Am I that repulsive to you?" He turned away, knowing full well what her response would be.
"I didn't mean it like that Tenchi."
Tenchi continued. "I sometimes picture you in that disguise you wear. Does that make me less respectable, that I find you attractive, and think about you when you dress, er..."
He suddenly realized he was in over his head. *He* certainly didn't feel very respectable. 
Aeka was pleasantly shocked. "Do you really think of me like that?" she asked.
Tenchi was still unsure whether her response was one of approval or otherwise. 
"Sometimes. Look, I'm sorry Aeka, it's just that you're very attractive, and well, that disguise..."
Both minds went back to the time when she had confronted him on his bed after the first fight.
"I guess I'm not as disciplined as you are when it comes to these matters. I don't do it on purpose, it's just that every now and..."
Tenchi was stopped mid sentence as Aeka put her finger on his lips.
"Shhh. You don't need to explain yourself. I admire your honesty." She looked down at the floor, and shuffled her feet. "I fear it is you who are more disciplined that I. I think of you too Tenchi."
She blushed, and looked away, feeling quite ashamed.
Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder and turned her round so she faced him.
"We need to talk about this, Aeka. Tonight. I'll take you out for drink, and we'll discuss this matter then. It needs sorting out."
Aeka allowed herself a smile.

'Such authority and clarity. He would surely make a fine Emperor.'

"Thank you Tenchi."
"Now I really have to take a bath. I'll talk to you later."
He started walking towards the house, and then stopped. 
"And don't be too hard on your sister."
Aeka nodded. 

Tanaki looked up as the men's bathroom door opened. He nodded hello to Tenchi, as he gently lowered himself into the hot water opposite him. Tenchi sighed as he relaxed in the soothing water. The fight with Tanaki had been long and tiring, and the bath felt just great. 
"Tanaki, can I ask a favor?" he asked.
"Fire away."
"Would you be so kind as to give Aeka and I a lift into town tonight? About Seven?"
"No problem. I'll take you in the shuttle." He frowned. "What's this about?"
"There's a small matter that I want to discuss with Aeka."
"A date?"
Tenchi shook his head. "No, just a talk."
"You can talk here. Why in town?"
"I don't want anyone intruding."
"Like Ryoko?"
Tenchi looked puzzled. "How much do you know?" he asked suspiciously.
"Washuu filled me in."
"Washuu?!"
Tanaki nodded. 
Tenchi sighed again. "What am I going to do? Two beautiful women profess their love for me at the same time. Am I suppose to choose?"
Tanaki put his hands behind his head and laid back in the bath.
"Can you?"
"I don't think so. Not without hurting the other's feelings."
Tanaki laughed. "That's why everyone likes you Tenchi. You're so considerate."
"Are you saying I should be less considerate?"
"Of course not. I'm merely stating facts. The facts that got you into the situation in the first place."
"What's your advice?"
"Well you can't have both, that's for sure. If you pick one, it'll likely destroy the other, and neither isn't a particularly good scenario for you."
"That wasn't very helpful."
There was a pause, before Tenchi continued.
"Have you ever had this problem?"
Tanaki smiled. "What, having to fight off women, because they're all crazy about me? Get real."
"Ok, have you ever had problems with women?"
Tenchi suddenly noticed a far away look pass over Tanaki's face.
"Her name was Jessica. In fact she was from earth."
Tenchi was truly shocked. "I never knew."
"Of course you wouldn't. I've never told anyone."
Tenchi decided to probe further. "Would you tell me?"
The expression on Tanaki's face didn't change. "It was about five years ago, when I first came here. I was in pursuit of a criminal, and in the fight, my ship was badly damaged. I had to find a planet to put down on, and Earth was the nearest one. At first my impression of the place was one of repulsion. It seemed primitive and unworthy of me. All I could think about was repairing my ship and leaving. However, it was too badly damaged, so I had to find a way to contact my people.
That proved to be harder than I had first thought. The communications of this planet are not interplanetary. I was faced with the prospect of remaining here my entire life. At first I hated the idea, staying on a back water planet with a people with no apparent honour, living pointless lives."
"You're making me feel better already."
Tanaki ignored Tenchi's remark and continued.
"I integrated myself with the local area. I had crashed near a city called San Francisco. I enrolled in the local high school, got a job, like other people of my age. At first it was torturous. I had a superiority complex that made life very hard. Only my discipline saved me from my aggression and frustration. However, over time I began to enjoy myself. I felt relaxed and free. I made friends freely. I laughed and did things that would have been frowned upon Jurai. And then I met Jessica. I had slain beasts three times my size, skimmed my ship across oblivion countless times, and yet I could not muster the courage to tell her how I felt. It was only when I thought I may lose her forever did I make my move."
He sighed, and looked down into the water. "Those we the happiest days of my life. We spent every minute together. I never wanted to leave. Never."
There was a long pause as the two sat in complete silence.
"What happened?"
"Suffice to say I was forced to leave."
Tenchi nodded. He didn't really want to know the details.
Tanaki looked up at Tenchi, a serious look on his face.
"Despite the pain of leaving her, I don't regret meeting her. I still have the memories, and if I was given the choice I would do it again, even if it meant losing her again."
"It is better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all."
Tanaki nodded. "My point is don't ignore your own feelings. If you love one of them, then tell them. Don't be too caught up in protecting other's feelings. Just be sure you don't fool them around. As I said, you're a compassionate guy. If you do have to let one of them down, then I'm sure you can do it without causing too much pain. It'll hurt both of you, but there are no easy answers."
Tanaki got up and began drying himself. "If you're taking Aeka into town, I'd better take her shopping."
Tenchi looked at him quizzically. 
"Have you seen her wardrobe? Nothing but Jurian clothes. Fine for if we were on Jurai, but we're not. Besides, there's still the assassination threat. The more normal she looks, the harder it will be to find her."
Tenchi nodded. 
"I'll see you later. Teleport, Reichan."
With that, Tanaki vanished, leaving Tenchi to think about what he would say to Aeka that evening.

"Sasami, can you get the door please?"
The young girl nodded obediently and pulled open the door to their bedroom.
Tanaki bowed to his future Empress. "I am sorry to bother you in your own room, your Highness, but I would like to speak to your sister, if it is not inconvenient."
Sasami peered round behind her to see Aeka posing in front of the mirror, holding up different Jurian robes and comparing them.
"She's trying on different dresses," she looked around, and beckoned Tanaki to bend down. "She's gonna be ages. It takes her forever to choose a dress." she whispered in his ear.
Tanaki smiled at the small princess's comment, before standing up. "Could you please tell her I would like to talk to her about this evening."
Sasami nodded, and skipped off to tell her sister. Tanaki patiently waited until Aeka popped her head around the door.
"What is it Tanaki? I hate to be rude, but I need to be ready for this evening."
"That is why I am here. I am not only your guardian, but also your adviser. Ambassador to foreign cultures if you will."
"I don't understand."
"Forgive my bluntness, your Highness, but seeing as you have nothing appropriate to wear in a bar, I'm taking you shopping."
An audible cheer could be heard from inside the room.
"We're going shopping?" asked a suddenly enthused Sasami.
Aeka ignored her sister and frowned at Tanaki. "What do you mean nothing appropriate?"
Tanaki shifted uncomfortably. He was unaccustomed to speaking to Aeka casually, as he did with everyone else in the household, however he was finding it difficult to explain the situation to Aeka. 
He sighed, before trying again. "Your Highness, I mean no disrespect, however the attire that you wear would be deemed, unusual to most. I am merely trying to find you some clothing which, well, Tenchi may feel more comfortable with."
He hoped that last mention of Tenchi would clinch it.
"Very well. I do suppose I ought to try to adapt a little."
"Hurrah! We're going shopping!"
"Not you Sasami. You are to stay here."
Sasami's faced dropped. Tanaki and Aeka stood there, looking at face of unbearable sadness and disappointment. Aeka looked to one side.
"You know Sasami, you won't always be able to do that."
"Does that mean I can come?" 
"I suppose so, as long as Tanaki approves."
Sasami put on her face again.
"How can I refuse a face like that?"
Sasami gave a cheer and ran off to get ready, while Aeka shook her head disapprovingly. 
"I do apologize for my sister's behavior. It is most unfitting of her."
"No apology needed, your Highness. She will make a formidable diplomat."
Aeka smiled. "Perhaps. When do we leave?"
"Immediately. Teleport for three. Reichan."

Half an hour later the three Jurians were standing in a huge clothing shop. Sasami spun around, her mouth wide open with amazement at all the beautiful clothes around her.
Tanaki turned to the princess and knelt down in front of her.
"I shall buy you one item."
"Only one?" replied Sasami, looking a touch disappointed.
"If I promise to buy only one item, it will make you think very carefully about your purchase. That way you will only select something you *really* want."
Sasami thought about the logic, and nodded.
"Ok." With that the young princess ran off to explore the shop.
Tanaki pressed some buttons on his wrist display. "Keep an eye on her."
"Will do," came the reply. "Washuu out."
Aeka looked at him, puzzled. "How will Washuu..."
"Cloaked sentinel droids. But don't worry about that. We are here for you."
He beckoned over a shop assistant.
The assistant came over and bowed. "How may I help you?"
"My cousin here is from out of town and is meeting a friend tonight. I would like you to help her find some attractive casual clothes."
"Of course, Sir. If you would like to follow me."

"Well?"
"I'm not sure."
Aeka turned once more in front of the mirror. "It's not very elegant."
Tanaki sighed. "It's not meant to be. It's suppose to be comfortable."
"How do I look?" She looked in the mirror and bit her lip. "Will Tenchi still..."
"Your Highness, you look fabulous."
"You think so?"
Tanaki nodded. "I'm sure Tenchi will notice the effort you put into choosing these clothes."

'Even if it means I have to tell him to."

He looked at his watch. This was taking too long.
"Your Highness, we must leave soon. Please make your choice."
"If I may give my opinion?" asked the assistant.
Aeka nodded.
"This skirt and this shirt show off your figure, without being too revealing. I believe the black skirt and the blue top will complement your hair colour."
"Hmm. Very well, I shall take these."
Tanaki slipped the assistant some money, and nodded. "Cheers. That was taking too long."
The assistant winked back. "No problem sir. I was getting a little tired myself, and I do this all the time, normally with no problems."
Tanaki smiled, and took the clothes to checkout, where Sasami was waiting. 
"Tanaki. Can I have these?"
She thrust a skirt and a top towards Tanaki.
"I did say one thing..."
"I know, but they go together."
Tanaki smiled again and nodded. "Ok, ok. As long as I can get these and go."

'I *hate* shopping.'

Sasami watched as Aeka readied herself for her meeting with Tenchi. She had chosen nearly a dozen different costumes from her shopping expedition, and was in two minds as to which she would wear. Sasami could see that her sister wouldn't be ready in time at this rate, and decided to voice her opinion. 
"That one."
Aeka turned and frown quizzically at her sister. 
"You think so?"
Sasami nodded. "It looks really good on you. Wear it with that blue skirt."
Aeka changed into the clothes Sasami had suggested and twirled in front of the mirror.
"There. You look lovely. I wish I had clothes like that."
Sasami put on her sad face again.
"Perhaps one day I shall take you shopping, however I should think you should be happy with the clothes Tanaki bought you."
Sasami got up in a shot. With all the excitement of her sister's imminent date, she had completely forgotten her day's purchases. 
Aeka scrutinized herself once more before accepting her choice. She sat down to apply her make-up that Tanaki had also bought her. She was a little unaccustomed to earth cosmetics, but she had seen the results of make-up in magazines and on the TV. She had also been secretly practicing putting it on for such an occasion as this.
There was a knock at the door. "Sasami, can you get that please?"
Sasami obediently ran to the door and pulled it open. In front of her stood Tanaki, dressed in a black suit, black tie, white shirt and wearing a cap with a rim. 
"Why are you dressed like that?" she asked curiously.
"I'm going to be a chauffeur tonight. This is what chauffeurs wear." He looked at Sasami closer. "Are those the new clothes?" 
She nodded. "Uh ha. What do you think?"
Sasami twirled like she had seen her sister had done so many times in front of the mirror.
Tanaki nodded and knelt down to her.
"Aeka better be careful. Looks like she's got some competition," he whispered.
Sasami giggled and ran off to show everyone else in the household. Tanaki chuckled to himself, before knocking again on the open door. 
"May I come in your majesty?"
He waited for the reply. Suddenly Aeka appeared before him, dress in a sleeveless white shirt top and blue miniskirt. Tanaki immediately fell to his knees and bowed his head.
"Your Majesty, may I say how beautiful and radiant you look tonight?"
Aeka blushed slightly at Tanaki's unexpected and flattering compliment. 
"Why thank you," was all she could manage.
Tanaki rose and gestured to a phase portal that had just appeared in the hallway. 
"If you'd like to follow me, your chariot awaits."

Tenchi was just as shocked as Tanaki, however his reaction was less thought out. Aeka looked at him, as his jaw dropped.
"A-A-Aeka!" he blurted, surprise momentarily overcoming his ability to speak.
He shook his head and composed himself.
"You look, look," he looked down, searching for the right word, before looking up at her again and smiling. "Unbelievable."
Aeka thought about his choice of word, before smiling. She had never dressed like this before. And she had to admit, she liked it. It was more comfortable than the kimono she usually wore. And apparently, she looked better dressing like this.
"Thank you Tenchi," she replied. "You look as handsome as always."
Tenchi blushed. He had never really thought of himself as handsome.  
Tanaki entered the room, which was actually the passenger compartment of one of the Reichan's shuttles.
"Sitting comfortably? I'm about to leave, but before we do..."
He passed a bottle of champagne and two glasses to Tenchi.
"Compliments of the chauffeur."
He smiled, and when back to the cockpit. There was a whir as the shuttle lifted off towards the town.

In Washuu's lab, Sasami and Washuu watched the shuttle take off from their new defense HQ, as they began the nights watch shift.
"Yahoo! Go get him!" exclaimed Washuu as the shuttle moved away from the house.
Sasami looked at Washuu, a frown on her face.
Washuu looked back. "I'm sorry. I thought you knew about Tenchi's and Aeka's date."
"Aeka told me that she and Tenchi had an important matter to discuss, nothing else."
"She did, did she? Well I still think she's going to make a play for Tenchi. She'd be mad not to. It's the ideal time. Alone in a bar, just the two of them getting drunk, it's perfect."
"You think so?"
Washuu nodded.
"Go Aeka!"

Tenchi and Aeka rematerialized in an alley by a bar, away from the gaze of the general public. Tanaki's voice could clearly be heard from Tenchi's communication watch. 
"Right, I'll be overhead, and Washuu's monitoring the area from her lab. If anyone comes, I'll get you out immediately... And I almost forgot. Have a good time. Tanaki out."
Tenchi turned to Aeka. "Shall we?" We moved his elbow out to Aeka, who stood looking at him puzzled.
He laughed. "It's an earth custom. Couples go around with their arms interlocked."
"Are we a couple then?" she asked.
"For tonight at any rate." He offered his arm again. Aeka needed no second bidding. 
They entered the bar and took a seat by the window. It was fairly busy, and the hum of conversation hung in the air. A waitress came over, and the two ordered drinks. Tenchi sat, gazing at Aeka, unable to take his eyes off her. 
"You look really stunning Aeka. Those clothes really suit you."
Aeka blushed. "Thank you Tenchi. I must admit I had reservations about changing my clothes, but now..."
She was interrupted by the waitress with their drinks. The two sat, slowly drinking, and staring at each other. It was Tenchi who came to his senses first.
"Look Aeka, we came here to discuss, well, us."
Aeka looked up as Tenchi continued.
"Aeka, I am unwilling to commit myself to either of you, lest I hurt the other. I still care for you both, that much will never change."
Aeka heart sank a little. She really thought she was getting somewhere with him. Suddenly she looked up at him and frowned.
"Unwilling?"
Tenchi looked out of the window as he continued. "Aeka, I wish I had your strength and discipline. I'm only human, and when I see you like that..."
"Like what?"
"Dressed like that. You look absolutely fabulous, and, well I'm worried that I'm beginning to fall for you, at least physically if not anything else."
Aeka eyes widened, as she stared at him in shock.
He continued. "I'm worried that I might do something foolish that may ruin our friendship and also I don't want to hurt Ryoko."
She open her mouth as if to say something, but no words came.
"I'm sorry Aeka, but I would feel awful knowing that I hurt Ryoko, just for my own gain. It would be selfish of me."
"That is why I love you so much, Tenchi. You are willing to put aside your own desires to protect the feelings of others." Her head dropped. "I feel guilty now. I am not as strong as I would have you believe. I am also physically attracted to you Tenchi, and I now wish that you were not so principled, so that you would just choose me." 
She stared at him, as shame washed across her, for what she had just said. She looked down at her drink before looking back at him.
"It would appear that I am not the strong and morally guided person you thought I was. I'm sorry."
Once again, her head hung in shame, embarrassed for her thoughts and words.
Suddenly she felt a hand touch hers. Tenchi leaned forward and put his other hand under her chin. He raised her head so that she was looking straight at him.
They looked into each other's eyes.
"You don't need to apologize. I didn't realize you cared for me so much. And anyway, it is probably I who should apologize to you, for leading you astray."
The two continued looking at each other, before their heads slowly began to move together. Aeka closed her eyes as their lips touched, savoring the moment she felt she had waited for an eternity. Suddenly Tenchi pulled away prematurely.
"I'm, I'm sorry Aeka. I really want to, but..."
Aeka sighed. "I understand Tenchi. But I cannot lie to you Tenchi. I want you now more than ever."
She looked at him in a manner he had never seen before. Almost seductively. 
He swallowed hard. She was going to be impossible to resist, unless he did something now.
"Please stop that Aeka," he said, squirming. "I don't like it."
Aeka immediately complied. "I'm sorry Tenchi. That kiss made me feel like I have never done before." 
She sighed deeply.
"I enjoyed it too, but please, don't make this any harder that it already is. Please. I'm begging you now."
Aeka frowned, slightly bewildered.
"I want you too Aeka, but Ryoko is a good friend. I'm not just worried about hurting her, but losing her completely. As much as I would love to be with you, I don't want to lose her like this. I just don't." He sat back in his chair. "I'm sorry."
"Is there any chance for us then?" asked Aeka.
"If Ryoko doesn't mind us being together."
"You mean we need her blessing?"
"You know what I mean Aeka."
He sighed. "I'm sorry to put you through this."
"If Ryoko were to accept the two of together, would you, how do you put it, enter into a relationship with me?"
Tenchi nodded.
"Then I will wait."
"Promise you'll wait and no more. I don't want you tell Ryoko about this. If anyone is to, it will be me."
"Of course Tenchi, but when will you tell her?"
"I don't know. I really don't know."

Sasami yawned and stretched on her seat. Washuu turned and looked at the little princess, who was threatening to fall asleep any minute.
"You ought to be going to bed Sasami."
The small girl shook her head resolutely. "I want to be up when Aeka gets back."
"Want to get all the news early hey?"
Sasami nodded. "Uh huh."
Washuu looked at her screen. "Tell you what. You can nap in here, and I'll wake you when they arrive."
"Promise?"
"Promise."
"Ok then."
Sasami got of her chair and lay on the couch that Washuu generated from subspace for her. She watched as the little princess fell asleep almost instantly, and smiled.
Just then Ryoko entered the lab.
"Hey Washuu, have you..."
Washuu put her finger on her lips and gestured to Sasami.
"Sorry," said Ryoko, lowering her voice. "Have you seen Tenchi anywhere?"
"He's gone to town with Aeka."
"WHAT?"
Sasami got up rubbing her eyes. "Are they back yet?"
Washuu gave Ryoko a murderous look, before turning to Sasami. "Not yet. It's just Ryoko."
"Sorry, Sasami. I didn't mean to wake you."
"It's alright. Are they back yet?"
"Not yet." There was a beep from the console. "Looks like they're back now."
"Hurrah!" cried Sasami, as she ran out to greet them.
Ryoko turned to Washuu, a look of worry clearly apparent. 
Washuu didn't need to hear the question. "The only way you'll find out is if you ask him."

Tenchi said his goodnights, and opened his door, only to be greeted by Ryoko. He stopped dead, slightly flustered. 
"Tenchi, why did you go to town with Aeka?"
"We had things to discuss."
"What?"
"The two of us."
Ryoko's posture fell apart, as she slumped on the bed, tears welling in her eyes.
"Wait, hear me out Ryoko," he said, sitting on the bed beside her.
"You've chosen her haven't you?" she sobbed. "Haven't you?"
Tenchi sighed. "Ryoko, I must admit, I am very attracted to Aeka, and I think I love her, but I'm won't act on my feelings if it means losing your friendship. I don't want to hurt you, and if you're unhappy with me being with Aeka, then I won't."
"Even though you want to?"
He nodded. "Just because I fall in love for someone, doesn't mean I don't stop caring for the rest of my friends. You are one of the best friends I've ever had, and I don't want to lose that friendship."
"Even if it means denying yourself happiness?"

'This is going to hurt.'

"Yes."
Tenchi sat in silence, wondering if he really could deny himself indefinitely.  It wouldn't be easy.
Ryoko also sat in silence. Half of her was collapsing, in the knowledge that Tenchi would never love her, the other deeply touched by the compassion and sacrifice Tenchi had promised her. 

'Just say no. If you can't have him, then neither can Aeka.'
'How can you say that. Look at him. Don't you want him to be happy?'
'Yes, but with *me*.'
'He still will be. He's offered to forgo his own love to make you feel comfortable. That must count for something.'
'Not much.'
'Really? Is that really true? He's offering to go without love, perhaps forever, just so you won't be hurt. No one's ever cared that much about you that much. Ever.'

"If that's what you really want, then I have no objections," she said solemnly.
Tenchi looked at her.
"Please think about this carefully Ryoko. I don't want to hurt you."
"As soon as you said you wanted her, the damage was done."
Tenchi dropped his head. "I'm sorry, I should have..."
Ryoko interrupted him. "Look Tenchi, I was worried that I would lose you completely to Aeka. When you told me that you would only be with her with my 'permission', I realized you still cared for me despite loving her, and that I wouldn't be truly losing you."
"You could never lose me Ryoko, even if you tried. I still care greatly for you. I would still die for you."
"You would?"
"Ryoko, if you were the only one here, then I would have fallen for you. There is no reason why I fell for Aeka over you. I love you, but not in the same way as Aeka. You are like family to me now."
Ryoko nodded slowly. It would appear she would have to accept second place, at least for the time being. And the way Tenchi phrased it, second place didn't seem as bitter as she had imagined it to be.
"Do you mean that? Family?"
"Yes, of course I do."
They hugged, and a tear welled in Ryoko's eye. Despite losing him to Aeka, she still felt happy, because part of Tenchi would always be hers. He had promised. She was 'family'.

Chapter 3: Vendettas and vows.

No one was in much of a mood to do anything the next day. The sun beat down mercilessly on the household, as they sat in the garden, sleeping, talking, and generally enjoying the break
Sasami played with Ryoko and Ryo Ohki in the lake, while the others watched from the lakeside, sipping lemonade. There was a sudden hum, as the familiar sound of a transporter could be heard. Seconds later, Kiyone and Mihoshi were standing on the lakeside, Mihoshi in her bathing costume and a towel under her arm, Kiyone still in her Galaxy Police uniform. 
"Afternoon ladies," commented Tanaki, peering over his sunglasses at Kiyone, and then at Mihoshi.
"Surely that's not standard Galaxy Police uniform Mihoshi?"
"She *insisted* on getting changed on the Yagami. I still don't see why she couldn't have waited."
"But Kiyone, it's such a nice day, and it's so hot on the Yagami. I couldn't wear that nasty uniform any longer."
Kiyone frowned, before turning her attention to Ryoko.
"Hey, Ryoko, you're up for guard duty."
Ryoko turned and pulled a face. 
"I don't feel like it."
"Hey, we had to do it, so should you."
"I don't want to. I'm staying here."
Sasami stopped chasing Ryo Ohki and turned to Ryoko. 
"You said you would help, Ryoko." She put on one of her faces.
"You know Sasami, that's beginning to get annoying."
"Did it work?"
"Humph. Yes. Ok, ok, I'm going."
Ryoko, started making her way out of the lake. Sasami began to follow.
"Do you want me to come too? I'll keep you company."
Ryoko paused, and then looked at Aeka and Tenchi. They both nodded their approval.
"Sure kid, I'd be glad to have you aboard."
"Hurrah! I'm going flying!"
The little princess ran off to the house to get ready. Ryoko followed at more leisurely pace. As she walked past Tenchi, he reached out and stopped her.
"Thank you. I know how much you hate this sort of thing."
She nodded.
Tanaki turned to face her. "If you so much as see an enemy ship, get back here. Space combat isn't really an appropriate scene for a young girl."
She nodded again, before continuing her journey to the house. Minutes later, Ryo Ohki began her ascent from behind the house. On board, Sasami looked through a view screen at a rapidly shrinking house.
"Cool. Hey Ryoko, are we gonna do some fighting?"
"Not today, we're on guard duty. I've been told not to engage."
"Oh."
Sasami's face fell. 
"Cheer up. We'll do some fancy flying instead. How's that sound?"
Sasami gave a cheer of approval.
"Ok Ryo Ohki, let's show the little princess what you can do!"
With that the spacecraft flew off.

Back on earth Aeka was deep in thought. She wondered what to make of her situation. Tenchi had chosen her, and for that she was happy. But something was bugging her. He had never said he loved her. In fact he had only definitely said he was physically attracted to her. 
A wave of anxiety and worry washed over her. 

'Could he only be interested in me physically?'
'Don't be silly, Tenchi would never be as shallow as that.'
'But he never said he loved me.'
'He never said he didn't. Besides, he said he cared for you.'
'But still,'
'Look, if you're that worried, then ask him.'

Suddenly a hand was placed on her shoulder, that made her jump.
Tenchi came round and sat opposite her.
"I'm sorry, did I startle you?"
"Yes a bit."
There was a pause before Tenchi spoke.
"I talked to Ryoko last night." His face fell.
Aeka braced herself.
Tenchi dropped his head, "She said she didn't mind us being together," he said solemnly.
"I suppose it was to be expec..." 
Suddenly she realized what Tenchi had said. He looked up at her, grinning.
"Why you, you..." She started smiling, before her expression changed once again.  She bit at her lip and looked at Tenchi, with an expression of worry and apprehension. Tenchi looked back at her, a little apprehensive himself.
"What is it?" he asked.
"Do you love me?" she asked. "It's just that you never told me last night and I was worried it was only a physical thing, which is silly of me because I know that..."
Tenchi smiled and put a reassuring hand on her shoulder.  "Looks like I'm the one to prove to you how much I love you. What would you have me do? Fight a monster? Climb a mountain?" He grinned again. Endure your cooking?"
He winced as Aeka hit him. She looked at him hurt, before a smile slowly spread across her own face. She *was* an awful cook.
"There is one thing."
"Anything."
"Kiss me."
Tenchi was a little taken back. "Ok. But I want to take you somewhere."
He took her hand and dragged her off into the woods. Apart from the occasional 'where are we going', which was followed by 'you'll see when we get there', they said very little. 
Eventually, they emerged from the forest canopy onto a cliff. . The view was breathtaking. It looked out onto a valley, with beautiful green forests blanketing either side of large river.
"I used come out here when I was young, whenever I was feeling down. It thought it was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen."
He turned to face her and smiled. "You know what I'm going to say don't you?"
Aeka learned forward. "Tell me." She whispered.
"Until I saw you."
He took her hands in his and pressed them against his chest and looked her in the eyes.
"Aeka, I love you."

Never before had Aeka been so moved by words. She knew what Tenchi was going to say, and yet she felt like she was completely unprepared. A wave of happiness filled her body, as she embraced the moment she had felt she had waited for an eternity. Tears began to stream down her face as she gazed into the eyes of the one she wanted to call 'her own.'
Tenchi looked at her, concern spreading across as his face at the sight of Aeka's tears.
"What's wrong? Have I said something I shouldn't have. Tell me, please."
She shook her head.
"You've done nothing wrong Tenchi." She said gently. "In fact, you're done more than I had ever hoped for. I feel complete now."
She looked up and smiled. "About that kiss..."
Tenchi needed no second bidding. He cupped her head in his hands, and pulled her gently toward him. Aeka surrendered herself completely, and closed her eyes as their lips made contact. They kissed slowly and gently, for what seemed like forever. Aeka felt the feelings she had for Tenchi multiply inside her, threatening to burst from her chest. Her arms hung loosely by her side, all of her attention concentrated in this one kiss, her first *real* kiss with Tenchi, one that she would never forget.
When their lips did finally part, they stood on the hilltop and looked at each other, Aeka's hair blowing in the wind. The embraced each other, and watched the sun go down, each filled with a sort of happiness neither had experienced before. 

Tenchi cradled Aeka's head in his lap, as the last glimmers of orange light disappeared from behind the hills before them. He gently brushed his hands through her hair, a feeling of contentment overwhelming him like a snug blanket. Suddenly their peace was broken by a message through Tenchi's communication watch.
"Tenchi, are you there?"  Washuu's voice was unmistakable.
"Yeah, I'm here. What is it?"
"We've got another unwanted visitor. And this one means business."
"Understood. We'll be there as soon as we can."
He gently shook Aeka. 
"Aeka, we've got to go. There's another bounty hunter on his way, and Washuu says it serious."
Aeka nodded, they got up and began to make their way back.

"It's about time," said Washuu as the two enter the lab.
"Where are the others?" inquired Aeka, noticing the lab was empty, bar Washuu, Tenchi and herself.
"They're trying to intercept the incoming vessel. But it's not looking good."
She turned to view screen two. On it was the battle progressing in space between their friends and the enemy ship.
Washuu moved her mouthpiece down.
"How's it going?"
Tanaki appeared on view screen one. "Not good. This guy's got some strange armour. We're not even scratching his paint work."
Washuu turned to view screen three. On it was space map of the sol system. Three green blips were clearly following a red one. And the red one was rapidly closing on the third planet.
She shook her head. "It's no good. If you haven't brought him down now, you never will. Return to HQ, we'll hit on the ground."
"Acknowledged."
The three green blips broke away from the red one and proceeded to Earth, the red one not far behind them.
Washuu spoke into her mouthpiece again.
"Sasami, I need you back in here now."
"I'll be right there."
Washuu moved her mouthpiece away from her mouth and turned to Tenchi and Aeka. 
"You two better get ready. Oh, and here's two functional side arms, as you requested, Tenchi."
She tossed two rods at Tenchi, almost identical to the ones he used to spar with Tanaki.
"They work exactly the same as practice ones. That should make up for the lack of a ranged attack, which you've been wingeing about all week."
He smiled. 
"Err, thanks, I think."
The two left just a Sasami came in carrying a tray of tea and biscuits, flanked by Azaka and Kamidaka.
"Here's your tea Washuu!" she called.
"Just place it on the table, Sasami."
Sasami looked around. "What table?"
Washuu pressed some keys on a keypad, and a coffee table appeared from subspace.
"That one please."
Sasami placed the tray on the table and took her place on the chair next to Washuu.
"Another rookie?" she asked.
Washuu shook her head. "Not this time. We've got ourselves a pro here."
Sasami cheered. "Does that mean we get to try out the new stuff?"
Washuu pressed some more buttons, and a new console appeared behind Sasami.
"It's all yours kid."

Tenchi and a disguised Aeka watched from behind a rock as the enemy ship set down in a clearing. They were presently joined by the rest of them, who had put down nearer the house.
"What are we dealing with?" asked Kiyone.
Ryoko looked at her. "You're the Galaxy Police. Don't you have files or something?"
"Yes, but this guy's not on them."
Suddenly mechanical noises emanated from the ship, and a large panel open. The defenders watched as a huge robot emerged.
"That thing's massive!" commented Tenchi.
Mihoshi clung to her partner's arm.
"I'm scared Kiyone! Look at it! It's huge!"
Kiyone shook Mihoshi off of herself. 
"Look, if you want to make yourself useful, go get the shoulder-mounted cannons from the Yagami."
Mihoshi nodded and quickly ran off.
"Well, let's get it!" exclaimed Ryoko impatiently, getting up.
She let forth a salvo of energy blasts at the machine, which continued regardless. The blasts impacted on some sort of forcefield surrounding the robot. The others joined in, firing all of their weaponry at the thing, but to no avail.
"You're wasting your time," said Washuu over the com links. "The energy of that field is easily strong enough to hold off your attacks indefinitely. You'd have more chance digging your way through a mountain with a toothpick."
Ryoko scowled. "Then what do you suggest? Just sit back and watch it?"
"Don't be stupid Ryoko," came the reply. "Sasami and I are working on the countermeasures. But we need time. You'll have to slow it down."
"How do you suggest we do that?" asked Kiyone, also starting to get annoyed.
"It's heavily armoured, but it's got small legs, which suggests it was built for combat over short distances, not maneuverability. Start cutting trees down or blow up holes in it's path. Anything to make the terrain in front of it more rugged."
"Understood."
The defenders split up; Tenchi, Tanaki and Ryoko started felling trees, while Kiyone went back to the Yagami to help Mihoshi fetch three shoulder-mounted cannons. They returned, and Kiyone passed a cannon to Aeka. 
"Here, take this."
"But I don't know how to operate one of these contraptions!"
"It's quite simple. Aim it at the ground and fire."
Aeka put the heavy ordnance on her shoulder, pointed at the ground and fired. The cannon lifted her clean off the ground, and she fell in a undignified heap, several meters away.
"Not so close, you fool," chastised Kiyone.
"You said fire it at the ground and I did!"
"Enough already!" echoed Washuu's voice over the com link. 
She shook her head, and stared back at the view screen in front of her. 

'How can something that size generate a force field that powerful? It would need a tri-element fusion reactor, but one would never fit in that contraption. Hell, I need to utilise an area of subspace the size of a small town, just to fit my own generator in.'
She rested her chin in her hand, and frowned, as her mind searched for a viable answer.
"Ah ha! Sasami, run a biological scan of the robot."
Sasami stared down at her keyboard, her finger sweeping over it.
"Scan, scan, scan, ah here it is!"
She pressed the button, and a table appeared on the monitor, titled select scan mode. Sasami moved the cursor over the biological button and pressed enter. The monitor changed colors, the trees highlighted in green, the robot in red.
"As I thought. The robot is using a singularity generator, but there's no pilot. One wouldn't fit. So it's operated by remote control! Clever. Ryoko!"
"What now?"
"I want you to teleport to the enemy's ship, take Tenchi with you. I think the pilot of that robot is in there."
"I'm on it."
She teleported over to Tenchi. "Get the message?"
He nodded.
"Then let's go!"
Seconds later, they were crouched behind a rock, by the ship. They began to move towards it, when suddenly the ramp retracted itself. Without warning, subspace sentinel lasers began warping in around the ship and open fired on the unsuspecting pair.
"Ryoko!" cried Tenchi, pushing her to one side, as several lancing beams of energy streaked into the ground where she had stood. Quickly Ryoko teleported the two back behind a rock, lasers blasting past them.
"Washuu, we're pinned down! We can't get to the ship!" shouted Tenchi into the mouthpiece.
"I can see. Sasami, I think it's time to try out the new equipment."
The young princess gave a whoop of joy, and pressed a large red button in front of her. A helmet came down over her head, and two joysticks appeared, one in each hand. The seat altered it's conformation, becoming completely mobile, as Sasami spun round, testing it's motion and speed. 
"Ready to go Washuu!" she announced, still spinning and tilting her gunning chair.
"Go get 'em kid," said Washuu, with a smirk.
A large gun pod with two wicked-looking cannons appeared out of phased space. Tenchi risked a glance over the rock, to see what looked like the ghost of Sasami, sitting on the gun pod. By now the sentinel lasers had turned their attention to the new threat, which was busy dealing out destructive blasts of energy in return.
"Now, Ryoko!" said Tenchi, pulling on Ryoko's sleeve. She teleported both of them beside the ship, and they began cutting their way in with their blades. A large square plate of metal fell from the side of the ship, and the two boarded it, weapons at the ready. They turned the corner to see a small man at the helm. 
"You'll never take me alive, and if I can't have the bounty, no one will!"
 He began laughing as the inside of the ship suddenly went red.
Two words echoed across the com link from Washuu and Tenchi.
"Self destruct!"
Three things happened simultaneously. Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and teleported clear of the ship. Tanaki teleported over to the three girls and teleported them all to the Reichan. Washuu raised the shields around the house and braced herself. Seconds later there was an almighty explosion, as both the ship and the attack robot blew up. Up on a hill Ryoko and Tenchi watched aghast as the detonation engulfed their house.
"Shit! Did you see that?" shouted Ryoko, unable to believe the size of the explosion.
"My house! Washuu! Tanaki! Aeka! Can you hear me? Are you there?!"
The two listened through their headsets, hoping for a reply.
"Of course we can hear you if you shout that loud you moron!" replied a rather irritated Washuu.
"Aeka? Tanaki?"
"We're here too. And Kiyone and Mihoshi," came Tanaki's reply.
Tenchi gave a sigh of relief and sat down on the hill. Ryoko turned to him, and noticed he was hurt.
"That looks bad Tenchi, we should get you back."
"It's nothing. Really."
"Come on now, stop playing the brave soldier." She helped him up, and looked at him.
"Thank you for saving me back there. I owe you my life."
Tenchi shook his head. "I didn't want to see you die any more than you did. You owe me nothing Ryoko. Anyway, I'm sure you'd do the same for me."
She nodded, and with that the two vanished.

The defenders stood on the rim of an enormous crater, that ended along the perimeter line of Washuu's defense field. 
"Look at this place. It's a mess! What's father going to say when we gets back?"
"Glad the house is fine?"
Tenchi shot Washuu a murderous glance. She smiled back.
"Don't worry, I reckon I can get this cleaned up."
Kiyone looked at her. "Really? What about the forest? Trees take ages to grow."
"Not with my new biological temporal catalyst!" she declared. "Don't worry Tenchi. It'll take a while, but soon you won't even know it had happened. Except for the large crater."
The friends looked down on the destruction again, wondering when it would end.

Even if Washuu and Sasami had been at their posts, it was unlikely that they would have detected Ashitama's cloaked ship, expertly weaving between Washuu's observer satellites. Minutes later she set down near the house, and disembarked. So far so good...
Slowly but progressively she slipped past Washuu's ground sensors. She had to give these detector's creator credit, they were very good. But she knew some tricks of her own.

Back in the house, the friends sat in the living room, drinking tea. Tenchi flinched as Sasami applied more cream to his wound.
"Stop squirming Tenchi! I can't treat you, if you  keep moving."
Tanaki smiled at him. "Yeah, come on, take it like a man."
Tenchi frowned at him, before wincing again.
"There, all done!" Sasami stood back to admire her handy work.
"Thanks Sasami," said Tenchi, testing his arm.
Kiyone stood up and yawned. "Right we better be off. We have work tomorrow."
"Do we have to Kiyone? I'm so tired and..."
"Quit complaining Mihoshi, and get moving." She dragged her still moaning partner through the phase gate as they said their goodbyes.
"Think we all need some rest," commented Tanaki.
There was a general nod of approval, and the rest of the household began to go their separate ways.

Ashitama arrived at the back door and entered the house. She looked around, surprised to see that there were no apparent defenses inside the house. She took out her scanner and scanned for Jurian life forms. Two and a half. 
'Odd' she thought to herself. She moved towards the stairs and looked up. There were two Jurian guardians by a doorway. Bit of a giveaway, or maybe a decoy. She scanned the room. Two Jurian lifeforms. She could quite easily disable the guardians, but that would alert the rest of the household. She went outside and looked at the bedroom's window. Perfect. 
In no time at all she had scaled the wall, and peered in. Both princesses were fast asleep. Now the tricky part. Getting in, getting their heads and getting out. Their heads were no good if she couldn't leave the planet alive, and she had no doubt she would be little match for the three ships she saw fight a few weeks ago. 

Ryoko could smell something. Or someone. She got up, and starting moving through the house, with ever increasing speed, as the scent got stronger. She entered the hallway, to see Tanaki.
"What are you doing here?" he asked her.
"I could ask you the same question," she replied.
"There's someone here. I can sense her."
"Her?"
"I'll deal with this. "
"Now just hang on a minute."
"I said I'll handle this."
There was a dangerous tone in his voice, and a cold look in his eyes.
"Fine. But don't be stupid OK? If you need us call for us. OK?"
He nodded.
Ryoko smiled. "Can I at least watch?"
Tanaki teleported away without replying.




The two friends had not left the Emperor's side for more than ten minutes each since the assassination threat. They shadowed him, suspecting everyone, in a constant state of readiness. The Emperor had been impressed with their level of dedication, and also their subtlety. 
It had been a long day for the Emperor. Talks were getting nowhere, and he retired to his chamber. His two guards stood watch, as they had always done. The chamber was situated in a larger room, with a single corridor connecting it to the rest of the palace. Within the corridor was an entire Jurian garrison, as well as two of the Emperor's personal guardians. Ashitama watched from an adjoining corridor, as the garrison began it's first watch of the night. They had been assigned to this duty for the last two weeks, and although it was a great honour to guard the Emperor himself, enthusiasm and commitment had waned. Ashitama prepared herself to begin her operation. She had practiced on the holo-training center on her ship many times, accounting for many different scenarios that may occur. She crept along the ceiling, partially cloaked, placing charges as she went. Then she backed off, and pulled a pistol from it's holster on her belt. A grin crept across her face in anticipation of the havoc she was about to wreak. She never did like the House of Jurai much. 
Her finger pressed a button on her belt, causing the charges to detonate. As masonry reigned down on the unprepared garrison, Ashitama made her move, crawling along the ceiling, above the confusion. With no clearly apparent threat, the garrison were unsure what to do. Some drew their weapons, ready for a foe that would never attack, while others ran about seeing to the wounded. Alarm bells rang out, some triggered by the explosion, some by Ashitama herself. Half way along the hall she caught sight of the two wooden guardians. She took a round device from her belt and threw it behind her. It hit the floor, and then began generating a forcefield, blocking off the hall behind her before turning her attention to the guardians. She dropped to the floor, and attached an adapter to her pistol, before firing two shots off at her foes. The guardians were hit by a long thin rod, that split their wooden bodies, before injecting an explosive fluid. Ashitama smiled again as the two guardians exploded before her.
The Emperor's two guards had heard the explosions, but had remained at their post. They watched calmly as the assassin walked towards them. Ashitama looked at them carefully. Boys. Probably filled with pride and over confidence. Her assumption was confirmed as one leapt towards her, his energy blade glowing in his hands. Ashitama pulled her own blade out of her belt and easily deflected the blows her attacker dealt her. She glanced over to the other Jurian. His manner was much cooler, as he approached her right. There was a hum from two cylinders, one on the back of each of his forearms, as they each emanated an energy blade. She counter attacked her original foe, causing him to disengage. He stepped back, and stood next to his partner.
One of them spoke.
"This is far enough, no further." 
He smiled and raised his blades to an attack posture.
Ashitama sized the situation quickly. Her forcefield wouldn't hold the garrison out forever, and although she fancied her chances against either one of these boys alone, she was unsure she could take them both on. She bit on her lip as she formulated a new plan. The cooler of the two made a move. He gracefully sliced at her with his side arms, in fluid arching motions, attacking and blocking in a single action. She found herself backing off, unable to get together a tangible counter offensive. The Jurian lunged, and she somersaulted over him. The second Jurian charged, his blade raised above him. 
Instinctively she pulled her pistol out with her free hand and shot him. The shot was true, and the sword fell from his hands, before the boy himself followed. She heard a scream, and spun round to shoot her other attacker. He deflected the blast with a field that his modified side arm generated, before it returned to it's original form. There was a look in the Jurian's eye, a look that chilled her. She had seen many things in her times, but nothing as threatening as what she saw before her. She glanced over to the hallway, only to see the garrison beginning to weaken her forcefield. 
At this point her only desire was to leave. However the young Jurian had now moved to block her path. No other choice. She would have to engage him, and get past him. Alive. She charged, shouting as she did, her blade glimmering as she went. Leaping as she approached, she swung at the boy who blocked her path as she soared over him. He deftly blocked and swung his own blade at her, cutting deep into her cheek. Ashitama shrieked in pain, but kept going. She landed behind him and continued down the hallway. Reaching to her belt she disengaged the forcefield, and scythed her way through the garrison, with the sound of her pursuer's footsteps close behind her. She finally cleared the hallway, and the energy barrier protecting it and Emperor's chamber, allowing her to teleport back to her ship, and relative safety. She examined her face. The cut was deep and there was no doubt it would leave a scar. Ashitama scowled at the mirror. She had been wounded before, but never so, so obviously. 
'Next time,' she promised herself.
Down in the palace, the young Jurian mourned the loss of his friend. Tears streamed down his face, as he promised his deceased friend revenge, for what had happened that day.




Ashitama found the room wasn't as poorly defended as she had first thought. First, she would have to...
She paused. Someone was watching her. She looked around. Nothing. Anxiety began to well up inside her, but she quickly fought it down again. A memory triggered.

' *Him* '

She sprang off the wall, and pulled her blade out. She landed gracefully, her head scanning her environment for her advisory. 

"Looking for me?"
She spun round. Before her stood the Jurian whom she had promised herself she would kill a thousand times over. 
A smile spread across her face. "How's your friend?"
It took most of Tanaki's discipline not to snap there and then. He allowed himself a grin.
"I don't know, but don't worry, you'll be able to ask him yourself soon enough."
The smile melted from Ashitama's face. "I could take you then, I can take you now."
"We shall see."
The two enemies clashed weapons, neither giving the other any mercy. Both fought with years of pent up anger, Ashitama releasing hers as pure rage, while Tanaki's more disciplined stature controlling his, using it to smite his foe with determined, powerful blows. The two disengaged, breathing heavily. Ashitama was concerned. She didn't remember him being this strong before. But it didn't matter, she was faster and nimbler. She somersaulted over his head, drawing her pistol at the same time. As she landed she spun and shot at him. Tanaki's side arm blade disappeared, replaced with a force field, that reflected her shot back at her. He frowned as the blade reappeared.
"That won't work a second time."
He muttered something and disappeared. Ashitama spun around, desperately searching for her opponent. She looked up to see Tanaki descending rapidly towards her, with his blades poised to strike. She back flipped out of the way, and fired several shots at him. Tanaki pressed the phase button on his belt, and the blasts passed through his ghost like form as he landed. He stood there smiling in front of her. 
"Phase shield hey? Impressive. But you can't hit me any more than I can hit you."
He pointed his sidearm at her and fired. She tumbled to one side, narrowly avoiding the lancing energy blasts.
"Why did you move, if I can't hit you?" he asked. 
Ashitama looked at him, stung at the jesting tone in his voice.  Her mouth opened as if to say something, but said nothing . Fury built up in her, before she broke and charged at him. Tanaki stood there, arms folded as she passed right through him. He laughed out loud at her futile attempts. He turned to face her again.
"You fight me when *I* want you to fight me. Understand?"
"You coward!" she retorted. "Are you that scared of me that you need to hide behind a shield?"
"You flatter yourself, I am no more scared of you than I am my own shadow."
He disengaged his phase shield and spoke to her in a dangerous tone;
"Let's finish this."
Once again the two clashed, attacking, defending, but neither saying a word. Only one thing was clear, one of them was not going to leave alive. 
Suddenly there was a shout from the house. Tanaki turned to see Tenchi at the front door, running out to help. Ashitama saw the opening and took it. Tanaki saw it coming but was too slow to dodge it completely. The blade penetrated his side, but he didn't cry out. Instead he just looked at her.
"Hurt does it little boy?" she asked, her voice dripping in sarcasm. "Now I'll finish what I should have done four years ago!"
"I have better things to do tonight than die!" he cried. Both his blades arched from opposite sides, cleaving 
her in two. She fell apart, as her blade lost power and fell from her grasp. Tanaki fell back, clutching his side. He closed his eyes and spoke.
"Your death is avenged, my brother. Rest well."

"He's coming round!"
The friends crowded round the bed, as Tanaki opened his eyes.
"Couple of inches to the left, and you'd have been a goner," said Washuu, holding up a medical clipboard and examining it.
Tenchi knelt down beside him. 
"Why didn't you ask for help?" he asked.
"There are some things you need to do by yourself." He closed his eyes and sighed. "How long have I been out for?"
"A few days. Don't worry, nothing's happened," replied Washuu. "Ok folks, visiting time's over, let him get some rest. We've got a preparations to make."
The household slowly filtered out of the room. Tanaki gestured to Ryoko.
"Thank you for not interfering."
Ryoko winked. "No problem. Didn't reckon you needed it anyway."

Tanaki was up and about the next day, and it was then he heard the plan.
"We're going to find out who's hiring all these bounty hunters."
Tanaki nodded. "Wise plan. But how?"
Ryoko unfolded the rest of the details. "I'm going with Washuu and Tenchi to see what we can find on some old places I used to hang out in. Kiyone and Mihoshi are going back to Galaxy Police HQ to see what they can find there, while you're taking Aeka and Sasami back to Jurai, for safe keeping, and to see if you can't discover something back at your end."
"I see. When do we leave?"
"Saturday. That's when Tenchi's holiday begins."

Tenchi was busy packing. He didn't know when he was coming back. Suddenly an uncomfortable thought hit him; he wasn't sure he *would* be coming back. He shook his head, he mustn't think such things. Suddenly there was a knock at the door. He lay another shirt in his suitcase before getting up and answering it. It was Aeka. She looked around, noticing all of Tenchi's clothes strewn across his bed. 
"You are packing already? But we don't leave until Saturday."
"I like to be ready. Besides, no doubt I'll get distracted before then, and not finish."
Aeka looked away, a sad expression on her face.
"You know we won't see each other for a while when we leave."
Tenchi turned and gave her hug, hoping it would alleviate some of her pain. 
"We'll do something tonight. I know, I'll take you out. Properly this time."
Aeka's face brightened. "That would be lovely."
Tenchi smiled. "I'll talk to Tanaki. Be ready for eight."
Aeka nodded, and rushed off to select an appropriate dress. 
"So you're taking her out for a meal, hey?"
Tenchi turned to see Ryoko standing in the doorway. 
"Please don't, Ryoko. You said you were alright about it. If you're not, you should have told me..."
Ryoko shook her head. "No, it's alright. It's just that I'd like to spend some time with you some time. You did say I was family. You do spend time with family, don't you?"
"Of course I do. That's a..." He paused. Ryoko probably didn't have much of a family. Sure, Washuu was her mother, but not in the same way as most people. He sighed at the thought of his own mother, and how he missed her. He looked up at Ryoko.
"Tomorrow. We'll go have a drink. How's that sound?"
"Just the two of us?"
Tenchi thought. The others would probably want to come too.
"I thought it might be good for us all to go. How about we leave early? It'll be just the two of us until the others arrive. I'll make sure we get some time together."
Ryoko thought. She would have liked to have him all to herself, but that was probably a little optimistic. And a group drinking session could be fun. A smile spread across her face.
"You're on. Tomorrow it is."
Tenchi collapsed on his bed and sighed. 

'How long can you possibly keep everyone happy?'

He recalled the smiles on Aeka and Ryoko's faces.

'As long as it takes.'

He got up and resumed packing. He wouldn't have time tomorrow. Or tonight, come to think of it.

Sasami watched her sister go through the rigmarole of choosing a dress for the evening date. There must have been at least a dozen dresses lying on the bed and on the floor, and yet Aeka didn't seem happy with any of them.
"That one's nice," pointed out Sasami.
"No, no that won't do. I can't wear that. It's too formal. This is supposed to be informal dinner."
"Have you kissed him yet?"
"I beg your pardon?!"
"Have you kissed him?"
Aeka turned round to face her inquisitive sister. 
"You should not ask such personal questions."
"Ah, come on, you want to tell me. I can tell."
"I most certainly do not."
"Yes you do. Ple-ease?"
"Absolutely not. Now stop asking."
Sasami slid off the bed. "You're no fun." With that she left the room, only to return a few minutes later.
"Tenchi said it was like kissing an angel."
"WHAT!?"
"Tenchi said it was the most enjoyable thing he had done in his life, and that he felt like he was kissing an angel. I hope I can kiss like you Aeka." She shut her eyes and pouted her lips. "Did you kiss him like this?"
"I most certainly did not!"
"Tell me."
"Sasami, you really must stop this childish behaviour. It is unfitting, and I expect better."
A tear began to well in the young princess's eye, and she ran out.
Aeka began to follow her, then decided against. She had to put her foot down now, or the entire situation would just get worse.
Half an hour passed, and Aeka was still no closer to choosing a dress. There was a knock at the door.
Aeka made herself decent.
"Come in."
Tenchi opened the door, followed by Sasami, who was still looking a little sad.
"Come on now Sasami. Say it."
Prompted on by Tenchi, she stepped forward.
"I'm sorry I asked those questions Aeka."
Aeka knelt in front of her sister and took her hands in her own.
"Thank you Sasami. And I'm sorry I shouted at you. It's just that, well, some things are personal, people just don't like talking about them to others."
Sasami nodded, and then looked at Tenchi.
Tenchi nodded back and walked up to Aeka. He looked her in the eye, placed his hand under her chin, and lifted her up, so that they faced each other. He cupped Aeka's head in his hand and brought his head towards hers, never breaking eye contact. She closed her eyes and tilted her head to one side as they kissed, like they had on the cliff top. Tenchi moved a hand behind her head, one down Aeka's back and pulled her closer towards him, tilting her head and torso back like he had seen in many movies.
Aeka's hands fell limp by her side, as she was overwhelmed by Tenchi's maneuver. She began to feel her body responding to close proximity of Tenchi's. Slowly Tenchi raised her back to the vertical, and released her. He turned to Sasami, who eyes and mouth were wide open. Slowly a smile grew on her face, and she began clapping.
"Wow Aeka, that was great!"
Aeka blushed a deep red when she realized that Sasami had been watching all the time.
Tenchi turned to the little princess. "Now you promised to help Tanaki with the dishes."
Sasami nodded, and ran off down the stairs, a new buzz about her.
Aeka frowned at Tenchi, hands on hips.
"You set that up didn't you?"
Tenchi shuffled a little. "Maybe."
"Really Tenchi, I expected more from you. You shouldn't encourage her, and I don't want her to see that sort of thing at her age."
"Now wait a minute Aeka," Tenchi replied. "Ok, I agree I shouldn't encourage her, but she was so upset I had to do something. She looks up to you Aeka, I didn't think it would hurt if she watched us kiss. Unless you have something against us kissing in public."
"It is a private matter between just us."
"But I love you too much to care who's watching us kiss. Anyway it shows everyone that you're the one I love. Is that a problem?"
"Well I suppose not..."
"She isn't that young, you know?"
"Perhaps."
Tenchi stepped away. "Look Aeka, I'm sorry. It was rather selfish of me. I thought it would be a thrill to kiss you in front of an audience. I won't do it again."

The two didn't see each other until that evening. Neither one said anything in the shuttle, or as they took their seats in the restaurant. It was finally Tenchi who broke the silence.
"Aeka, I'm sorry. Please believe me. I should have thought about your feelings, not just my own. And I shouldn't assume that just because I enjoyed kissing you, you enjoy kissing me."
He sat back in his chair, feeling a little dejected.
"I'm sorry."
Aeka continued to gaze at the table. 
"I've been thinking Tenchi. About us."

'This is it. She's going to say she doesn't want you. You've blown it."

"I'm afraid it's all new to me. I've been overwhelmed recently. All these feelings, they're new to me, and I don't know how to handle them. When we kissed this afternoon, I felt something I have never felt before. I *wanted* you. If we had kissed any longer, I don't think I could have stopped myself. And when I saw Sasami watching, I was ashamed with myself."
Tenchi braced himself.
"Aeka, do you still love me?"
Aeka looked at him and smiled. "Of course I do. I was just a little unhappy about your behaviour, that's all."
Tenchi sighed. 
Aeka looked at him, a concerned look on her face.
"Did you think I had stopped loving you? Over that incident?"
Tenchi nodded.
"Why?"
"I ignored your feelings. I was disrespectful. Some day you will be the Empress of an entire empire, you shouldn't have to put up with someone who treats you like that."
"I'm willing to ignore that slight misdemeanor, if you continue kissing like that."
A playful smile appeared on her face.
"Am I forgiven, your Highness?"
"No, not yet. You must make it up to me."
It was Tenchi's turn to smile. "Oh yes? How?"
"I'll think about it over dinner."
The two lovers continued their evening, now feeling more comfortable with not only each other, but their own feelings. They talked and laughed, enjoying each other's company, until it was time to leave. 
"Tanaki, could you drop us by the lake please?" asked Aeka.
"Of course your Highness."
Tanaki did as he was requested, and bid them goodnight before leaving.
The two sat on the lakeside, holding each other, gazing at the moon's reflection.
"I never did tell you how wonderful you looked tonight, Aeka."
Aeka blushed. "I believe if I wore a bin bag, you would compliment me on my beauty."
"I would you know. And that's because you have unimaginable beauty."
The two giggled at Tenchi's choice of words, still a little under the influence of the wine they had drunk that evening.
"You'll come to Jurai won't you?" asked Aeka.
"If you'll have me."
Aeka looked at him, a hurt look on her face.
"Silly question I guess."
"I still haven't forgiven you, you know."
"Oh, that. What do you want me to then."
Aeka put on a thoughtful look. "Stand up."
"That's it? Oh that's easy."
Tenchi obliged. Aeka stood up in front of him.
"I want you to kiss me like you did this afternoon. And I won't be satisfied unless I feel ex..."
She was cut off mid-sentence as Tenchi did as he was bade. One hand supported her head, as the other supported her back. 
Aeka's eyes opened wide as Tenchi's hand ventured lower. She was about to protest, but stopped as his kiss became more passionate, and his hand began to caress her. For the second time that day, she felt her body respond to the stimulation, as her breathing became more rapid. Tenchi was also beginning to respond to the closeness of their bodies.
The pair had slowly been tilting further and further, until suddenly the fell over in a heap. Tenchi lay on top of Aeka looking down on her. For several minutes they looked at each other, neither sure what to do. 
"I think it would be wise not to rush into this," suggested Tenchi.
"I agree," replied Aeka, not entirely agreeing with herself.
Tenchi got up, and offered a helping hand to Aeka. He pulled her up, and again they stood, just looking at one another.

'Ask her.'

"Aeka. Does your tradition, no, people, that's it, people, well, believe in, err, well, sex before marriage?"
Aeka looked to one side. "No."
Tenchi nodded. "I Understand." He offered her his hand. She took it and they walked back to the house together.

'Damn tradition, if you love him, then do it'
'Traditions are not to be ignored when it suits you.'
'You know full well that many Jurian's do not acknowledge that rule.'
'But you are the future Empress. You should lead by example.'
'This may be your last chance. Once your father finds out, he may forbid you to see him.'
'If you marry him, then there will be no problems.'
'Provided he will marry you. And provided your father allows it.'

"Aeka?"
"Huh?"
"You were miles away. Goodnight Aeka."
"Oh. Goodnight."
Tenchi kissed her on the cheek, and went off to his own bedroom, leaving Aeka with her dilemma. 

Tenchi arrived home from school, exuberant to have finished. He ran upstairs to get changed, before getting a quick snack. He entered the kitchen, to find Sasami cooking, as per usual. 
"Hi Sasami."
She turned round. "Oh, hi Tenchi. How was school?"
"Oh, the usual. I'm glad it's over, for the time being at least."
The princess passed Tenchi a cup of tea. 
"Here you are. Is it true that we're all going out tonight?"
Tenchi nodded. "Sure is. A farewell drink, so to speak, before we all split up."
A sadness washed across Sasami's face.
"We will see each other again, won't we."
Tenchi smiled. "You can bet on it. Oh, that reminds me, I need to speak to Washuu."
He finished his tea and got up to find Washuu.
Unsurprisingly she was in her lab. He relayed his problem to her, as she listened intently. When he had finished she nodded. 
"Leave it to me."
"Thanks Washuu. I'll see you later."
He waved goodbye, and went off in search off Ryoko. His life seemed to be non-stop, lately.
Ryoko was outside, relaxing in the sun.
"Are you ready, Ryoko?"
"Sure am. We off already?"
"Yes. We've got a two hour lead on the others."

'Two hours just me and Tenchi.'

A smile spread across her face.
"Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go!"
The two friends headed off to the bus stop.

"Sasami?"
The princess turned around to find out who was calling her.
"Sasami? Are you in here?"
"I'm here," she replied. 
Washuu entered the kitchen. "Ah, there you are. Do you have a minute?"
She nodded. "Sure. Is there something the matter?"
"It's about tonight. You need to get ready."
Sasami frowned, slightly perplexed. 
"What, now? We're not leaving for another two hours. Even Aeka can get ready in two hours."
She shook her head and grinned.

'No she can't'

Sasami followed Washuu into her lab.
"Right. Tenchi insisted that you come out with us tonight, he didn't want you to be alone in the house."
Sasami nodded.
"However, there is an age problem. You don't look old enough to go into a bar."
"Are you gonna make me look older?" asked Sasami, eagerly.
"That's right. It's only temporary mind. You'll need to get undressed and stand in this cubicle. You can change behind here."
The little princess did as instructed. 
"Right. This is my temporal aging unit. It's on non-permanent mode, so when we're finished, you'll revert to how you are now. Oh yes, you need to put this head band on."
Washuu passed her a metal headband, which Sasami obediently put on.
"Ok, you're going to feel a little funny, and you're also going get a lot larger, so brace yourself."
Sasami shivered with anticipation and excitement.
A keyboard appeared out of subspace in front of Washuu, and she began the procedure. Sasami was enveloped in a bright blue light, as suddenly began growing. The process was over in seconds, and by the end of it, Sasami could see over the screen that had originally shielded her.
Washuu wheeled a mirror for Sasami to inspected her new body. 
"This is what you'll look like when you're the earth equivalent of 18."
Sasami looked at herself and blushed.
"Oh, of course, you'll need clothes. Here, take your pick."
Washuu passed her a data pad. Sasami flicked through the images of clothes displayed for about ten minutes. 
"Anytime today, Sasami."
"These ones, please Washuu."
Washuu took the pad and examined her selection.
"Hmmm, my you do have good taste. Good choice. Ok, hang on."
"Washuu's fingers darted across her keyboard for a second time, and before long Sasami was dressed in a knee length mini skirt and matching top.
"All done. You go off and scare the hell out of your sister now. Oh, and don't take that head band off, 'cos you'll revert to your original size if you do. Enjoy!"
A much-changed Sasami smiled and waved as she went off in search of her now smaller sister.

Aeka nearly had a fit. 
"What the, who, Sasami? No, it can't..."
Sasami smiled. "Not so small now am I?"
Aeka looked at her sister. Sasami was taller, and perhaps 'better formed' than she was. 
"Who did this?"
"Washuu. It's so I can come with you tonight."
"We'll see about that."
Aeka was about to leave when Sasami blocked her path.
"Where are you going?"
"I'm going to get Washuu to change you back."
"I can change back anytime. All I gotta do is take off my headband."
Aeka looked at her, and snatched the headband off her sister's head. There was a flash of light, and Sasami reverted to her original form, her now oversized clothes draped around her.
"Oh Aeka, now look what you've done!" she exclaimed irately. 
She gathered up her clothes and stormed back to Washuu's lab, Aeka close behind her.
The two sisters entered the lab. 
"Look what Aeka did. Can you change me again Washuu?"
"I sure can. The problem is, will your sister let me?"
"What is this all about, Washuu?" asked Aeka.
"It's quite simple. You know about Tenchi's goodbye party I assume."
Aeka nodded.
"Well, he didn't want to leave Sasami at home, just because she's too young to go to a bar. He actually anticipated this, and wrote you a note. Now where is it?"
Washuu started pulling pieces of paper out of subspace.
"Bill, bill, subscription to New Galactic Scientist? No that's not it. Ah-ha!"
Washuu handed the piece of paper to Aeka.

'To Aeka.
	I have written this note in the event your disapproval of Sasami coming with us to the bar tonight. As you know, I have left early with Ryoko, and will not have time to talk to you about this in person. The fact is, it wouldn't be fair to leave her in the house alone, while we go out. I understand your concern, so I have chosen a friendly bar, which will be suitable. I have asked Washuu to try to make Sasami look older. I ask you to allow her to join us, I promise I shall look out for her. Ultimately the decision is yours, and I shall respect it, what ever your judgement.

				Love
					Tenchi. XXX"

Sasami looked up to her sister. "Well?"
"I'm still not sure about this..."
"If I may state my analysis of this situation, Aeka?"
Aeka nodded, and listened to what Washuu had to say.
"I believe that you don't think this place is suitable for a child of Sasami's age and innocence. However Tenchi has assured us that the bar is suitable for her, and I for one trust him on that. I can't image Tenchi likes rowdy bars anyway. The next point is that Sasami will be exposed to, well, drunk people. May I remind you of New Years? We all got pretty hammered back then, and Sasami didn't mind."
"Actually, I thought it was quite funny."
"Well, quite. Which brings me to the last point. The deception. I'm afraid I can't argue on that point. It's not a big deal, but I understand you are a woman of principles. Well there it is. My two cents."
Aeka thought for a bit. 
"There is one last problem. Sasami's older form may, how do I phrase this, prove appealing to inappropriate gentlemen."
"I suppose you could appoint her a guardian."
"You mean Azaka and Kamidake?"
"A little conspicuous, don't you think? I was actually thinking of Tanaki."
"I suppose that is acceptable."
Sasami's face brightened.
"Does that mean I get to go?"
"Only if you behave yourself."
Sasami ran over to her sister and hugged her as best she could, given her clothing. 
"Ok, ok Sasami. I'm going to get changed now. Make sure you ask Tanaki if he'll be your guardian for the night."
Sasami nodded eagerly, as Aeka left, wondering if she had made the right decision.

Tanaki lay back in his chair, his feet on the bed, reading a manga comic. It had been a while, comics weren't readily available on Jurai, and it had been one of the things he missed. Jurian literature was very samey; all about honor and duty. The lighthearted nature of these comics was a welcome change. There was a knock on the door.
"Come in."
The door slid open and Tanaki looked up, before promptly falling backwards off his chair.
He stared at the attractive blue haired woman that stood before him.
"Sasami?"
"Uh-hu."
Tanaki picked himself up. "Surely I haven't been in my room *that* long. Last time I saw you, you were this high," he said, smiling. "Now what brings you here, and why the change?"
"It's to make me look older, so that I can come to the bar with you tonight. Washuu did it. She says this is what I'll look like when I'm 18."
"I see."
Sasami spun round like she had seen her sister do so many times before.
"What do you think?"
"Very nice."

'*Very* nice.'

Tanaki shifted his train of thought. She was still just a little girl. 
"How may I help you princess?"
Sasami stopped twirling. "Aeka will only let me out with a guardian."
"A guardian?" Tanaki asked, in a bewildered tone.
"Yes. To guard me against other unsuitable men is the way she put it, I think. Will you do it?"
Tanaki knelt down before her.
"It would be my honor, Princess Sasami."
Sasami gave a whoop of joy, and hugged him. Tanaki was used to hugs from the little girl he had known, but now Sasami was nearly as big as he was, and a little more alluring. He managed to prize her off.
Sasami beamed at him, thanked him again, and then ran off to get ready.
Tanaki collapsed on his bed.

'Damn it. I really wanted to get hammered tonight. No chance of that now.'

He would need his wits about him, to look after Sasami. And if he did get drunk, he was worried he wouldn't be able to protect her against himself. 
He let out a deep sigh. It was going to be a long night.

"All set?"
The remaining Masaki household nodded. 
"Ok, we're off!"
Tanaki sat back on his pilot seat as the Reichan's shuttle lifted off. In the passenger compartment, Sasami was the center of attention.
"Wow, you look great Sasami" commented Mihoshi. Her expression changed to one of a frown. "Are you going to be like that forever?"
Washuu shook her head. "No, it's non-permanent. She'll revert back to her original self when she takes the head band off."
"Really?" Mihoshi leaned towards Sasami, reaching for the headband.
"STOP!"
Mihoshi froze. 
"Please don't touch it. I can't make Sasami age again when we're out of the house. And the point of the exercise is that she looks old enough to get into the bar. It won't help if you take that headband off, and she changes back. Ok?"
Mihoshi sat back in her seat and nodded. 
"Ok," she said, dejectedly.
They sat in silence the rest of the way; everyone feeling slightly threatened by Sasami's new look, which was nothing short of stunning.
Tanaki put the shuttle down and allowed everyone to disembark, before hiding it in phased space. They turned the corner and enter the bar that Tenchi had recommended.
"Konnichiwa!" they chorused to Tenchi as they entered the bar. Tenchi was sprawled across the table. Ryoko had fallen off the chair.
"Don't worry folks, I'll sort this out."
Washuu produced a bottle of pills from her pocket, and popped one in each of the drunks' mouths. Almost instantly, they were sober again, albeit with a headache. 
"Oh, my head!" complained Tenchi. He looked up and fell off his chair, as Tanaki had not half an hour ago.
"Tsunami?!"
Everyone looked at him, rather baffled, before Aeka caught on.
"Oh, no, it's Sasami. Washuu had temporarily aged her. As you asked her to if you remember."
He smiled. "You look very nice. You both do."
The sisters blushed, as the others took their seats. Ryoko was still massaging her head.
"I've got a huge headache now. Why did you give us those damn sobering pills Washuu?"
"That'll teach you to start without us."
"But why do they have to give us the damn hangover? I know you've got a set with no side effects."
"These are the realistic set. You get the full sobering up experience. Hangover and all."
She ignored the audible moan that came from Tenchi and gestured a waitress over.
"Sake all round please."
The waitress nodded, and went to get the drinks. Aeka leant over.
"I don't want Sasami drinking. She's too young."
"Are you sure? I'm not suggesting she drinks as much as the rest of us, but are you certain you don't want her to have even a little? I've brought some medicine just in case of any emergency."
Aeka thought for a little. "I wasn't very happy about her coming here in the first place, but letting her drink as well..."
"Point taken Aeka. You know best."
The irony of the universe's greatest mind telling someone else that they knew best was lost on Aeka, much to the disappointment of Washuu. She shrugged and decided the best course of action was to get plastered. Within an hour, the table was awash with red faces, bar two. Tanaki and Sasami. 
"Why aren't you drinking?" she asked him. "I'm too young, but you're old enough. You don't look like you're having fun."
Tanaki was having difficulty taking all of this in. She *sounded* like Sasami, and *acted* like Sasami, but she didn't look like Sasami. No, that wasn't true. She looked like Sasami but older. But she was no longer a sweet innocent girl. She was a beautiful, stunning young woman.
"Err, no, I've got to look after you, remember? You did ask me."
"I wouldn't have asked you if I knew you would be this unhappy."
Tanaki eased up a little. This was the Sasami he knew. He put his arm around her and smiled. 
"I'll be fine. It's not that bad. We get to watch your sister make a fool of herself."
Suddenly Ryoko slammed her fists and scowled at Aeka.
"You liar!" she shrieked, her outrage centered at Aeka.
"I am not a liar," Aeka managed to reply, before giggling slightly.
"They *are* white!"
"I think you'll find they're black."
Ryoko growled dangerously before Tenchi interrupted.
"Now, now girls, what's thish all about then hey?" he asked, swaying a little.
"That retard thinks you're wearing red..."
"White."
"Eh? Oh, thank you Kiyone, white, what was I talking about?"
"Socks"
"Oh yes. Kiyone thinks your socks are white."
Ryoko collapsed on the table. "And I say they're black. Black!"
Tenchi clumsily brought his leg up to the table and slammed it down.
"There! They're, err, I can't see."
Ryoko and Aeka brought their heads ridiculously close to Tenchi's leg. 
"Oh I say. You were right Ryoko. They are white."
"Like I was saying they were white."
Suddenly the two burst out into hysterics shortly followed by Tenchi and Mihoshi. Even Kiyone was having difficulty fighting down the giggles.
Tanaki sighed to himself. It was going to be a very long night indeed.
He sat with Sasami, staring down men who advanced to try their chances with the young princess. 
"Tanaki?"
"Huh? Yes?"
"You're not like other Jurians."
"I could say the same for you."
Sasami smiled and continued.
"You know what I mean. You're nicer. Why is that?"
Tanaki smiled and sipped his lemonade. 
"I doubt I'm much nicer than your typical Jurian. It's just that I choose to behave differently."
"Why?"
"Because it's, well, more fun, so to speak. When I'm around other Jurians, like your sister, I talk and behave like I am expected to. I show the courtesy and respect that is expected of me. However unlike most Jurians, I spent a lot of time here on earth. I crashed here some time ago. I had to adjust to life here, fit in, just as Aeka and yourself are doing now. It changed my perspective of life, taught me to enjoy life and others, not in a superficial way, like many of the dignitaries do on Jurai, but genuinely. Like you do."
Sasami nodded. 
"But above all it taught me to respect others. The biggest fault with our people is their pride."

Hours passed, and the group settled down. Mihoshi and Ryoko were asleep next to each other, Kiyone was discussing the next day's journey, while Tenchi gentle stroked his hands through Aeka's hair, as she leant against him. Sasami watched the couple as they looked into each other's eyes, a look of complete happiness on their faces. She sighed and turned to Tanaki, who was listening in to Washuu's and Kiyone's conversation. 
"Do you think I'll find someone like Tenchi someday?"
"Uh? Oh, well there's only one Tenchi. But I'm certain that you'll find the man for you."
"Really?"
He smiled reassuringly. "Trust me. If you're going to as beautiful as this when you grow up, you'll be able to have any man you want. They'll be queuing up to ask you to marry them."
"You think so?"
"If I were younger, or you were older I'd ask you to marry me."
Sasami blushed. "You're just teasing me again."
"I wish I was," he muttered to himself.
"Pardon?"
"Oh, err, perhaps. Just a little bit. But seriously, you have nothing to worry about."
Sasami gave him another hug. Making sure no one was watching he hugged her back. He was fond of the little girl, no matter what body she was in.
He checked his watch. 
"Ok people, it's time that we were going. Big day tomorrow."
Slowly, reluctantly and with minimal coordination the friends got up and moved towards the shuttle.

Mid journey, Sasami entered the cockpit. 
"Mind if come in and talk to you? Everyone else is asleep."
He shook his head. "Not at all. I am here to serve you, your Highness."
She took seat beside him and stared out into the blackness. 
"Can I pilot it?"
Tanaki pondered the idea for a moment.
"You seemed fairly proficient with the old sentinel lasers. Sure, why not."
He got up from his seat and allowed the princess to sit down. She held onto the controls and awaited further instructions.
"It's fairly simple. Pull back to go up, push forward to go up, turning left and right banks the shuttle."
She tried the controls, banking left, then right, ascending then descending.
"Ok, got that. Where are we going?"
Tanaki was impressed by the speed she had picked it up. Fair enough, it wasn't that complex a control system, but nevertheless, her movements were smooth and controlled.
"Computer, display target co ordinates."
A yellow circle with and arrow pointing to it appeared, with several numbers rapidly decreasing in size next to it. 
"Ok, that's the house. Make sure that the circle is in the middle of the view screen."
Sasami banked the shuttle gently to the left, until the circle appeared directly in front of her.
Under his instruction, Sasami was able to get the shuttle to the house, and successfully land, albeit very close to the lake edge. 
"There! That wasn't too bad was it?"
She shook her head. "That was fun! Can we do it again some time?
"Sure."
They stood looking at each other, before Sasami frowned. 
"Is something wrong?" she asked, innocently.
"No, nothing. You'd better wake your sister."
She nodded and ran off to tell her sister of her flying lesson. Tanaki tilted his head back and shut his eyes.

'That was too close. *You're* too close. Do not fall for her. She is still a child.'

His attention was bought back to reality upon hearing a large splash, and a lot of laughing. He ran out into the passenger bay, to see what had happened. Apparently, Sasami had landed closer to the lake that he had at first thought. Aeka and Tenchi lay in the pond, covered in weed. Inside, everyone was in hysterics, and it wasn't long before Aeka and Tenchi were laughing too.
Out of the corner of her eye, Sasami was watched Tanaki laugh. Sasami too began to feel emotions stir. However this was a relatively new experience for her. She had had a crush on Tenchi, but this felt different. It felt stronger.

The next day the house was a hive of activity. Sasami had removed her headband, as was her normal self, much to the relief of everyone, especially Tanaki. However she had other plans. She opened the door to Washuu's lab. 
"Hello?" she called.
"What is it Sasami? I'm rather busy."
"I think Ryoko wants you on board Ryo Ohki."
Washuu threw her hands up in despair. "You really would have thought that she'd be able to operate her ship by now. She's had a few hundred years to get used to it."
She stormed out of her lab.
Quickly Sasami ran over to Washuu's keyboard. She wasn't exactly sure what she was looking for. She bit her lip. Time was running out. 
"Computer?" she asked hopefully.
"Yes?" came the reply.
Sasami let out a sigh of relief. "Computer, can you create the machine that aged me please."
"Yes."
The machine appeared from subspace.
"Cool. Can you make it so that when I put this headband on, it ages me please."
"That will require direct user interface."
"Can you tell me what to do?"
"Yes."
"Keyboard."
A Keyboard and screen appeared in front of her. Sasami quickly dragged it with her onto the machine. 
"Ok, what do I do?"
"Set age."
Sasami pressed age, and typed in 18, and then paused.
"How is this earth or Jurian age?"
"Check the species selection."
Sasami scanned the screen for the appropriate taskbar. She found it and found it was already set on earth.
"What next?"
"Select mode."
She opened the mode taskbar.
Select initial mode.
Aged or original.
She selected aged.
Select time frame.
Permanent or temporary.
She selected temporary.
Select holding position for restrainer. Sasami bit her lip. 
"What does select holding position for restrainer mean?"
"It determines the state of the person when the restrainer is being worn."
"The headband?"
"Affirmative."
Looked at her selection. Aged or original. She selected aged.
"Selections complete. Ready to engage."
Sasami put the headband on and stepped into onto the base plate of the machine, before pausing. Quickly she got off, undressed, and stood back on. 
"Will these settings mean I will be aged when I wear the headband, and restored to my original form when I take it off?"
"Affirmative."
Sasami's heart was racing; the fear of discovery was a thrill. She shut her eyes.
"Engage."
There was a whir and a flash. When Sasami opened her eyes, she was a lot larger. The first part had worked. Now for the next part. She took her headband off, trembling as she did. As soon as it was clear of her head, she shrank, back to her original size. A massive smile spread across her face. She had done it!
"Computer, revert everything to as it was before I was here," she commanded, getting dressed. She put the headband in her pocket as the keyboard and screen disappeared.  All that time in the lab with Washuu had paid off. She left the lab and went to finish packing.
A minute later Washuu came back, rather irate at the false alarm, and went back to work, none the wiser as to what had just passed. 
By the afternoon, the friends were ready to go their separate ways. Tears were shed as the group swapped goodbyes and farewells. Aeka held Tenchi, unable to stop the flow off tears.
"Do you have to go, Tenchi? Please come with me to Jurai."
"I will when we've found out who's trying to kill you. I promise."
He gave her a farewell kiss and left her embrace to join Ryoko.
"Take care of him, Ryoko."
Ryoko nodded. "Don't worry your Highness, I'll bring him back in one piece."
With that the two boarded Ryo Ohki to join Washuu. Seconds later, the ship began its ascent and flew out of sight. 
Tanaki turned to face Mihoshi and Kiyone.
"You know what you have to do?"
"See if any of the scum we picked up knows anything about the person who hired them. Got it."
Tanaki nodded. Good luck girls, and take care. We'll be in touch.
He threw a salute as the two boarded the Yagami. As she walked up the boarding ramp Mihoshi turned saluted back, and nearly missing the door, much to Sasami's amusement.
"Come on, Klutz, we haven't got time for games."
"But Kiyone, I was just..." The closing of the Yagami's doors abruptly ended the conversation.
Tanaki turned to the two Princesses. 
"If it would please your Highnesses to board..."
Aeka nodded, and picked up her baggage. Tanaki immediately ran to her assistance. 
"My time here has made me lax. I do apologize, Princess Aeka." He moved to take her luggage from her.
"And my time here had made me learn that I must do some things for myself. I cannot expect everything to just happen because I wait." She continued up the ramp.
"May I take your luggage, your Highness?" he asked Sasami.
She pondered the thought.
"Ok, but only because I like you." 
Tanaki shrugged at the rather odd comment. "As you wish."
The ramp raised, and Tanaki took one last look around.

'When will I next be back here?'

He sighed. "Teleport for one. Reichan."

Chapter 4: A Common Goal.

"We're here!"
Tenchi opened one eye and looked up from the chair in which he had been napping. Space flight hadn't been as exciting as he had imaged it to be. He peered closer at the view screen.
"Where exactly is here?"
"Delta four space station. Full of the worst criminals you ever saw. This was my home for a good few years."
Tenchi got up and stretched. "When do we go on board then."
"You don't."
Tenchi frowned at her. "What do you mean I don't? We're in this together."
"Look Tenchi. I told you, this station is full of the worst scum in the galaxy. And they smell. Real bad."
She made a grimacing face that Tenchi couldn't help but laugh at.
"I'm sorry Tenchi, but I promised Aeka I'd keep you safe, and I'm doing that by not letting you on that station."
"You're mollycoddling him, Ryoko," interrupted Washuu, as she entered the bridge. 
"Yeah, come on Ryoko, I can look after myself."
"I don't know about that, but I'll look after him. I'm going on board anyway."
She ignored the stare that Tenchi gave her, and continued.
"I'm going to plant bugs on the station. This is only one of many we'll be visiting, and we'll need to keep tabs on all of them if we're to find the guy who'd hiring these assassins."
Ryoko nodded. "Ok, but you're responsible for him."
"I CAN LOOK AFTER MYSELF! I AM NOT A KID!"
The two of them stared at Tenchi, who was practically livid. He calmed down a little. 
"Look, I'm sorry, but I *can* look after myself you know."
Washuu smiled. "Of course you can. We were only having you on."
Ryoko and Washuu exchanged grins, before moving off to get ready. Tenchi collapsed in his chair, exasperated. 
"Why couldn't I have gone with Kiyone and Mihoshi?"

Many light years away, The Yagami cruised through the blackness of space, en route to Galaxy Police HQ.
"This so exciting, isn't it Kiyone? We're going back to HQ! I haven't been to HQ since..."
"Since you flew the Yagami into an asteroid, and we had to be towed back?"
Mihoshi put on a face, almost as if she was going to cry.
"You said you wouldn't mention that again, Kiyone, you promised! I said I was sorry. I said I was sorry!"
She burst into tears and began sobbing inconsolably.
"Ok, ok I'm sorry. I won't mention it again. Sheesh." Kiyone thought back to the incident. She *had* given Mihoshi a real grilling. 
"Look, we're coming into com range, try to smarten yourself up, ok?"
"Ok," replied Mihoshi, sniffling.
"This is galaxy police detective Kiyone of the Yagami, requesting permission to dock."
"Clarifying ID. Id cleared. Welcome back Kiyone, Mihoshi."
"How did you know I was here?"
"I can hear you sniffling. Kiyone being mean again?"
"Yeah."
Kiyone crossed her arms and frowned at no one in particular. "Can we dock now please?" she said, feeling rather irate.
"Of course. Dock  2. Gate 17."
"Thank you."
The Yagami steered into the HQ docks, and stopped at gate 17.  A covered gangway extended, attached to its side, and the two officers disembarked. 
"I wonder if Mitoko is still here, and Chitiro, and Kaneichi, and..."
Kiyone stopped her mid sentence. "I know, why don't you go find out. I'll see what I can find out about these assassination attempts."
Mihoshi's eyes lit up, almost as if a someone was shining a torch in her ears. "Really?"
Kiyone nodded. "Really. Now off you go."
Mihoshi sped off in search of her old space academy friends. 
Kiyone moved off towards the HQ commander's office, with a single word on her lips.
"Idiot."

The journey to Jurai was undoubtedly the longest voyage of any of the three parties. Sasami amused herself by playing pool with Tanaki, however Aeka was finding the journey a difficult one to endure. Sasami decided to confront her sister about the problem. She waited until they were alone, she felt her sister might be more open without Tanaki present.
"Aeka, what's the matter?" she asked.
Aeka turned to her sister and smiled. "Nothing, Sasami. I'm fine." 
There was a look in Aeka's eyes that betrayed her words. A pained look. Sasami wasn't going to let her sister get away with that.
"Don't you keep telling me that lying is inappropriate for a future Empress of Jurai. I can see you're unhappy Aeka. And when you're unhappy, I'm unhappy." She put on her unhappy face.
"I just can't fool you, can I?" said Aeka, allowing herself a genuine smile.
"No way. Now what's the problem? You miss Tenchi don't you?"
Aeka's smile melted away as she nodded. "Yes. Very much so."
"I'll see what I can do then," chimed Sasami, leaping to her feet. She went off in search of Tanaki, while Aeka sat silently, thanking the heavens for such a compassionate sister.

"I see," said Tanaki, his chin resting in his hand. "Let's see if we can't communicate with Washuu."
He pulled his keyboard out of phased space, and brought up a monitor. 
"Computer, patch the phase space communicator into the ship's main communicator network."
"Connection established."
"Ok, Sasami, let's hope Washuu's in."

Back at Delta four station, Ryoko was mingling amongst the crowds of villains and criminals that made up the population of the station. She looked out for any familiar faces, especially those that owed her a favor. She turned the corner, and stopped. Several faces turned to look at her, however one then proceeded to start moving away from her. Very quickly away.
She noticed the face, an old acquaintance, who coincidentally owed her. She took to the air, and swooped down, before lifting him up with her. Ryoko soared to the roof, and held the man by the neck.
"Gembatu, long time no see."
"Ry-Ryoko, I, I never expected to see, see you again," the small man was able to stutter.
"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't drop me here and now."
The man began sobbing. "Please, don't! I've got money! It's yours, just don't drop me!"
Ryoko looked away. "Pah. I don't need your money."
Gembatu began to panic. "What then?" he asked in desperation.
"Information. Someone's been sending bounty hunters after a couple of friends of mine."
"It wasn't me! I swear it wasn't me!"
"I know it wasn't you, idiot. Thing is, these were pros." Ryoko pulled out a data pad.
"Recognize any of these? And don't lie, because you know what I do to liars, don't you?"
Gembatu gulped, and took the pad. He flipped through, desperately hoping he recognized one. 
"This one. Here. He was here, about a two weeks ago. Talking to some guy in fancy clothes."
"You better not be lying."
"I'm not lying!" he sobbed.
Ryoko looked at the pad. It was one of the more experienced assassins who had tried to attack the princess. 
"Where did he meet this other guy?"
"Over there, in the bar. I only really took notice because of the fancy clothes. I'm not lying."
"I hope not."
The two teleported to the ground.
"I'd better not see you again. Ever," she growled. "Now get going!"
Gembatu didn't need telling twice. He scrambled through the crowd to get away from the mad woman. 
"Hey, wanna try that with me lady?"
Ryoko turned around to see a large scruffy man, backed up with some of his 'friends'
"Beat it, meat head, I don't have time for this."
"Hey, I don't think you understand me."
Ryoko's blade appeared in her hand, and she bared her fangs.
"No, I don't think *you* understand me. Get lost, before someone has to remove your body parts through the airlock."
The crowd made room, as the thug pulled out a pistol, and his associates began to show their arms.
"I'm warning you," growled Ryoko.
"Ha! You and what army, little lady."
There was a flash of light, and a portal appeared next to Ryoko. Out of the portal came Washuu, followed by Tenchi. Tenchi drew his sword and stood next to Ryoko while Washuu confronted the thug.
"We've got a message from Tanaki. Sasami wants to talk to you," whispered Tenchi to Ryoko.
"I want to deal with these baboons first."
"Allow me Ryoko. I haven't had any fun for a while." Washuu turned to the men in front of her. The men looked back at the small pink haired woman in front of them.
"Who would you be?" the main thug asked in a jested tone.
"I am Washuu, the greatest mind in the universe. You, on the other hand are gutter trash."
Before the men could react to the insult, Washuu had whipped up a keyboard and held her finger over a large red button.
"Want me to push the button?" she asked.
The group of men looked her for a moment.
"You're bluffing. Push it."
Washuu smiled and pushed the button. A huge hole appeared beneath the men and they disappeared into its blackness. Seconds later a black circle appeared in the air in front of her, and the same men fell out of it onto the ground where they were standing not ten seconds ago.
"Wanna see what else I can do?"
The lead thug charged at her. A black oval suddenly appeared in between the two, which the thug lunged into. Seconds later, the black hole appeared again, and the attacker was deposited on the floor with the rest of his comrades.
"Again?"
The men shook their heads and ran off, amidst cheers and clapping. Washuu bowed. 
"Thank you, thank you folks. Nothing more than transdimentional black holes."
She turned to Ryoko and Tenchi. "Come on, Sasami's waiting."
The three entered the portal which disappeared behind them.
Tenchi left the portal and stepped onto the bridge, only to be greeted with a 'hello'.
He turned around to see who's voice had spoken to him, and staggered backwards as Sasami's forty foot face beamed back at him from one of Washuu's giant view screens.
"Sa-Sasami," he stammered, still a little taken aback.
"Uh-hu," came her familiar reply.
Ryoko and Washuu came through the portal, which then closed behind them. The view screen panned out until the whole of the Reichan's bridge was visible. Tanaki moved into the shot, and sat down beside Sasami. 
"Washuu, can I speak to you in private?" he asked.
"Sure, hang on a minute." Washuu left the bridge, as Tanaki moved to another console. 
"How are you doing Sasami? Must be pretty dull without me causing chaos," inquired Ryoko.
Sasami grinned and nodded. "I am quite bored, but we'll be home soon."
Washuu re-entered the bridge. "Tenchi, Tanaki would like a few words."
Tenchi nodded and left the bridge, while Sasami and Ryoko continued their banter.
"Are you going to come and visit us?" asked Sasami, her voice full of hope.
Ryoko looked to one side. "Err, I'm not sure I'd be exactly welcome on Jurai."
"That's understatement," said Washuu, under her breath.
Sasami's face fell a little. "Please Ryoko. I'll make sure you're welcome. I promise."
"We'll see Sasami. Perhaps when we've finished our mission." Again, Ryoko looked away, knowing full well that despite the princess's sincere oath, she would never be welcome on Jurai, not after what she had done.
In the other room, Tenchi sat in front of a more reasonably sized monitor. 
"I see. What can I do to help?"
"Just talk to her."
Tanaki's face left the view monitor. Seconds later, Aeka's head appeared.
"Now I've been hearing stories that a certain princess is feeling down. Is there anything I can do to help?"
Aeka's face perked up a little.
"It's good to see you, Tenchi."
"And you, Aeka. I *do* miss you, but we have to find out who's behind these assassination attempts. Until I know you're safe, then I can't rest. When we're finished, I'll come get you. Then you're going to have to hire an assassin to get rid of me."
He smiled warmly at the princess. She nodded, before the screen went blank. Tenchi shook his head. Something was very wrong. He enter the bridge, his concern showing on his face.
Everyone turned to look at him, including Sasami. 
"What's wrong?" she asked.
"It's Aeka. Something's the matter. And I don't know what it is."
"She misses you."
He shook his head. "No, there's something more."
"Perhaps she worried about her  father's reaction to you," suggested Washuu.
Sasami frowned. "That might be it. Father's might not approve of you Tenchi." Her face turned to a scowl. "But that's not right." She looked up, her face the very image of determination and resolution. 
"Don't worry. I'll sort things out." Behind her, Tanaki shrugged his shoulders and smiled.
"We'll be in touch." The view screen went black.
"Well, this'll be interesting. If Sasami pulls this off, then you'll have a royal pardon, and Tenchi will have the Emperor's blessing."
Tenchi continued to stare at the screen, his face a picture of worry.
"Washuu, our next stop is the Amidega Station, right?"
Washuu nodded. 
"That's near to Jurai isn't it?"
"Why are you asking me these questions Ryoko? You know this area of space better than I do."
"Because we may be making a little detour."
It was Washuu's turn to look concerned. "What?! You know, you won't be welcome there."
Ryoko smiled. "That's never been a problem before."
"Thank you, Ryoko, but I can't ask you to do that. You'll be in danger."
"Look around you. You're on the same ship as me. You'll be in as much shit as I will."
"And me, may I add."
Ryoko glanced dangerously at Washuu. "If you want, I can drop you off at the Amidega Station."
"That's ok, Ryoko. I've always wanted to see Jurai anyway."
"Then it's decided then. We investigate the station, then drop in to pay a visit to the Emperor. I'll just go back to the bar, and see if I can get a description of this Jurian from the bar staff before we leave."

As the sleek form of the Reichan entered the Jurai system, two Jurian warships moved to intercept. Tanaki sat on his bridge as he was hailed.
"Who are you, and what do you want here?"
"I am Lord Tanaki of the Emperor's private guard. I am returning their majesties Princess Aeka and Princess Sasami to Jurai."
"Do you have any proof to clarify your claim?"
"Of course. Sasami!"
Sasami wandered on to the bridge.
"What is it, Tanaki?"
"The nice gentleman would like to see you."
Sasami popped her head in front of the view screen.
"Hello!" she chimed.
The Captain shifted uncomfortably. "Your Highness! I apologize for the delay of your vessel. I shall escort you to the planet personally."
"Ok," replied the princess, nonchalantly. 
"I believe that is everything. May I pass now?"
"Of course Lord Tanaki."
The two warships moved aside and then followed the Reichan, as it began its descent to their homeworld. Minutes later, it had set down in a field not far from the imperial palace. The gangway opened up, and the three disembarked; Sasami running out to greet her mother and father, Tanaki walking out smartly, head held high, as would be expected from the Emperor's own guard, and Aeka, who practically ambled out, head drooping, a general air of sorrow about her. 
The Empress embraced her youngest daughter, tears flowing down her face.
"My Sasami! You're back safe and sound!"
She looked over her daughter's shoulder at her other daughter.
"What's the matter with Aeka?" she asked, the concern showing in her voice.
Sasami let go of her mother and looked at her.
"She worried about father." She beckoned for her mother to kneel down, before whispering in her ear.
"She's fallen in love."
The Empress's eyes widened upon hearing the news, but, kept her composure. 
"I see. I suppose she's worried about her father's response."
"Uh-huh."
"Let me talk to her." The Empress got to her feet and went to greet her other daughter.
"It would appear we have some things to discuss, my child."
Meanwhile, Tanaki had gone to confront the Emperor, partly to show his respect, and partly to buy Aeka time. 
"My liege, I have returned with your daughters, as commanded," he declared before the Emperor.
"Stand, stand Lord Tanaki. You have served me well. My daughters mean the world to me, and you have kept them safe *and* brought them back to me."
"It was an honor to serve, your Highness."
He turned his head slightly, to see Aeka being led away by the Empress. Sasami gave him a wink. Tanaki sighed with relief, and stood up.
"I am yours to command."
The Emperor looked around. "Where is Aeka?"
Sasami ran up and gave her father a hug, albeit around his legs.
He bent down a lifted his little girl up. 
"Sasami! I have missed you so much, Sasami."
Tanaki bowed and backed away to attend to their luggage, as the Emperor began to reacquaint himself with his youngest kin.

In the royal chamber, Aeka relayed the events that had made up her life since her arrival on earth. The Empress listened, amazed at the stories her daughter talked about. It took an hour for Aeka to finish, and when she did, her head drooped down.
"You see the situation I have fallen into, mother. I have fallen in love with a man I cannot possibly marry, or live without. I feel I have failed you."
A tear trickled down her face, then another, and another. It wasn't long before the grief that had plagued the princess for the last two days made itself known. Her mother leaned forward and embraced her daughter, in an attempt to console her.
"I should like to meet this Tenchi. If he is all you say he is, then the Emperor may be swayed."
Aeka looked up at her mother, her eyes wide with hope.
She didn't wait for Aeka to say anything. "We shall have to wait and see. Until then, try to behave more like the future Empress." 
Aeka nodded.

"Will Detective Mihoshi please report to the docking lounge, repeat, will Mihoshi, Detective first class please report to the lounge."
Kiyone sat, legs and arms crossed, waiting for her partner. She shuddered as she heard a clatter and Mihoshi's familiar voice.
"Oops, sorry."
Kiyone stood up, arms still folded, as Mihoshi sped round the corner, straight into her. The two collapsed in an undignified heap. 
"MIHOSHI!"
Kiyone pushed her clumsy partner off of her, and stood up, straightening out her uniform.
"Sorry Kiyone, but when I heard the announcement, I rushed over and..."
She was cut off by a particularly menacing stare. 
"We're off. I've got all the information I can get from here."
"What did you find out?"
"I'll tell you when we're underway. We're due to rendez-vous with Ryoko tomorrow."
The two boarded the Yagami and jumped to warp.
"Right. It would appear that the person sent to hire these bounty hunters is Jurian. Not very tall, about 1.5 meters. Smart dresser. However, he's working for someone else. Unfortunately, none of the hired assassins knows who this guy is. The Jurian is a go-between. However, I do know how he contacts potential clients. And from what I heard, he's still hiring."
"I don't get it."
Kiyone smashed her head against the console.
"Forget it. Forget everything. I'm going to bed."

On board the Amidega Station, the three friends were also making headway. They sat around a table, drinking some vile concoction the waitress had brought them.
"Bloody hell, what is this stuff?" asked Ryoko in disgust. She tipped the offending contents of her mug onto the floor, where it proceeded to hiss noisily. Tenchi pushed his mug away from himself, and turned to Washuu. 
"Well, what have we got?"
"Tada!" Washuu turned the data pad to the others. On it, a face of a Jurian. 
"This is our man. Kiyone had confirmed that the assassins had a go-between, and this is him."
Ryoko snatched the pad and glared at the face.
"How can you be sure this is him?
Washuu tapped a headband on her head. 
"This little baby is a telekinesis absorber."
"A mind reading device?"
"Of sorts. It only relays pictorial images. For a mind reading device, I would have needed a larger device. Anyway, I correlated the images of the faces the people thought of, when we asked them about the Jurian, and presto!"
All of a sudden there was a rush of people. Crowds of dealers and other traders began scrambling for their ships, as the three looked round, completely baffled.
"What's going on? Where's everyone going?"
Outside, ships began to start up their engines, knocking into each other in a desperate bid to leave the station's vicinity. Seconds later, the Yagami came out of warp, and began docking procedures. Hundreds of eyes watched nervously as the Galaxy Police ship come to a stop. Mihoshi and Kiyone boarded the station and looked over to the table, where Ryoko and friends were sitting.
"Hi, how's it going?"
Ryoko tossed the pad to Kiyone. "We have a face." 
Kiyone picked up the pad, and glanced at it before handing it back. "That'll be useful, providing we can get it to Jurai."
Ryoko winked. "Leave that to me."
"Ok, Folks listen up, this is how we'll play it. Unfortunately Ryoko, we're going to need you to set up a little meeting with our Jurian friend. Kiyone, Mihoshi, you take Tenchi to Jurai with this pad. Tenchi, try to find out who it is. Meanwhile, Ryoko and I will get in touch with our friend here, and offer him our services."
"But I want to visit Jurai," protested Ryoko. 
"You will later, once we've got the guy. Perhaps then you won't get blown into small pieces as soon as you enter the Jurai system."
Kiyone nodded. "Ok, let's get going."

There was a knock at the door. Tanaki open his eyes, sat up and yawned. Since he had been back, he had been bored out of his mind. Sleep was the only thing that didn't seem dull. At least he was unconscious, and couldn't judge the passage of time. There was another knock. 
"I'm coming," he called. He opened the door, and looked down at Sasami.
"Hiya!" she said happily.
Tanaki cheered up. Sasami always cheered him up.
"Come in your Highness. What can I do for you?"
The little princess skipped in, and sat on the bed.
"I'm bored, Tanaki. There's nothing to do here."
Tanaki gazed out of his window. "You too, hey? I know, let's go for a walk shall we?"
Sasami shook her head. "I'm not allowed anymore. Not with this assassination thing."
Tanaki bowed down so their faces were nearly touching. 
"I'm sure the head of the Emperor's personal guard can do something about that." He smiled warmly at the princess. 
"Boo!"
The princess leapt backwards, and began giggling. Tanaki smiled to himself, and got ready. He led the little girl out down the hallway, until they reached the doors that led to the outside grounds. 
A guard stepped up to confront them.
"I'll deal with this," he whispered to the princess. She nodded.
"May I inquire where you are taking the Princess?" asked the guard.
"No. I am not allowed to give you that information to ensure the safety of the heir."
"I have instructions not to allow the Princess out of the palace."
"And I have instructions to escort the Princess to a designated meeting point. She is not going alone. Don't you know the protocols for royal escorts?"
The guard began to feel uncomfortable. "No, sir," he replied, sheepishly.
"Any royal member of the family that must leave the building under the protection of an official guard. Do you know who I am?"
"Yes, sir."
"You were ordered to prevent only the Princess leaving?"
"Yes, sir."
"I see." Tanaki pretended to think as Sasami walked forward.
"Lord Tanaki, what is the problem? I shall be late for my appointment."
"I apologize, your Highness. It would appear the guard has been poorly informed of his duties. Or perhaps he has misunderstood them."
Tanaki turned to the guard, his robe twirling behind him.
"Listen. I will absolve you of this fiasco if you let us pass, however I warn you, my tolerance of a lack of understanding of your orders will be severely diminished if this occurs again. How is this court supposed to operate if the chain of command is misinterpreted?"
The guard backed down.
"I'm sorry, sir. Your highness. I shall see this misunderstanding will not happen again."
The two walked past him.
"See that it doesn't," said Tanaki, coldly. 
Once they were clear of the door, the two burst into laughter.
"You were *really* great Tanaki!" she exclaimed, looking up at him, admiration burning in her eyes. 
"Thank you, your Highness. You were also very convincing."
"You think so?" she asked. 
"Yes."
The princess hugged him, closing her eyes as she did. She felt safe when next to Tanaki, happy and safe. Tanaki looked down at the young girl, compassionately squeezing his waist. He ruffled her hair up. 
"Come on, let's go."
She nodded, and the two made their way into the fields.

The Emperor had not been as reserved as his wife, as she told him of Aeka's dilemma.
"She's done what?!"
The Empress folded her arms and glared at him. "You heard me. She has fallen in love."
"With some meaningless primitive boy from that planet she visited. Bah! Where is she?"
The Emperor got up and began to make his way out of the chamber.
"Be very careful."
He spun around. "What was that supposed to mean?"
"Do you love me?"
The Emperor frowned. "Of course I do."
"Would you die for me?"
"Of course I would. Why do you ask?"
"Bear that in mind when you tell your daughter that she cannot see the man she loves."
He continued to the door and reached for the handle, but his hand faltered.  He looked around at his wife, who was staring at the floor. He released the door handle, and sat beside his wife, putting his arm around her.
"She loves him that much? How can you be sure?"
"Sasami told me. And you know what a good judge of character she is."
The Emperor allowed himself a smile. "Yes, she is. But I cannot let standards drop, simply because my daughter falls in love with some boy from some backwater planet. What would the senate say?"
"He is not as alien as you think, my dear. He has Jurian blood too."
He looked at his wife, a look of confusion on his face.
"How can this be so?"
His wife sighed. "I suppose I ought to tell you the entire story."

Sasami lay in the tall grass, gazing up into the blue sky above her. They had been chasing each other for the best part of the day, and she took the opportunity to take a quick breather. Suddenly a large shadow loomed over her.
"You're not hiding very well, your Highness," Tanaki pointed out.
"I'm tired," she replied.
Tanaki sat done beside her, and looked at his wrist display. "It is late. We had better be heading back."
There was no reply. He looked down, to see the princess fast asleep.
He smiled, gently picked the princess up in his arms, and made his way back to the palace. 
Tanaki sneaked his way in, and entered the princesses room, laying her on her bed.
"I love you, Tanaki," she murmured, still half asleep.
"I love you too, your Highness," he replied, not knowing the sincerity of her words. He left her room, and shut her door quietly. 

He lay in his room thinking when there was a knock on the door.
"Come in," he answered, expecting to see Sasami poke her head around the door.
Instead a guard entered, and bowed.
"I am sorry to disturb you, but we have received a communiqu from a Galaxy Police ship, the Yagami."
Tanaki got up. "Thank you, I shall take it from here. Have the Reichan readied for me."
The guard bowed again. "Yes sir."

Minutes later, the Reichan broke orbit, to rendezvous with the Yagami. On arrival he teleported to the Galaxy Police vessel, where Kiyone filled him in on their situation.
"Well done. I'll take Tenchi down, and the data pad. We'll see if we can find a match. You better get back, in case Ryoko needs back up."
Kiyone nodded. "Good luck, Tenchi."
"Thanks. I'll need it."
On board the Reichan, Tanaki did his best to fill Tenchi in on what had happened.
"As far as I am aware, the Empress is the only one who knows of you and Aeka. From what Aeka has told me, the Empress will support you. The Emperor on the other hand, well."
"I don't care what the Emperor thinks. I love Aeka, and I'll do what ever it takes."
"I admire your dedication, but cool it for a minute."
He pressed some buttons on the console. A Jurian face appeared on the view screen.
"I wish to speak to the Empress."
"The Empress is busy now."
"I happen to know the Empress is in her chamber, preparing for tonight's dinner. I also know it only takes her majesty less than an hour to get ready. The dinner is not for five hours."
Tanaki's voice turned icy. "Now get me the Empress."
The Jurian swallowed hard and nodded.
Seconds later, the Empress's head appeared on the view screen.
"What is it Lord Tanaki? I need to prepare for this evening's dinner."
"My apologies, your Highness, but I have been reliably informed that you require no longer than an hour to prepare."
The Empress looked puzzled. "Who told you that?"
Tanaki smiled. "Sasami."
"I see. Anyway, why did you contact me."
"Allow me to introduce Tenchi."
Tenchi bowed towards the monitor. "I am honored to meet you, your Highness."
The Empress looked back at the boy who stood before her. 
"Hmmm, I see why you asked for me. Land behind the palace. I shall meet you there."
"I understand. Thank you for your time."
The view screen went blank.
"Well, that wasn't too bad was it now? Ok, Tenchi, let's get you ready. The Empress is a kind woman, but she is strict when it comes to official matters. Just be your usual charming self, and you'll be fine."
"I hope so."

The ship landed and the two friends stepped out, to be greeted by The Empress, Aeka and several guards. 
"Follow my lead," whispered Tanaki.
He walked up to the Empress and knelt before her. 
"May I present Lord Tenchi, grandson of Lord Katsuhito."
Tenchi walked up beside Tanaki and knelt down. 
"I thank you for allowing me to visit your homeworld, your Highness."
"I was curious to see the young man who had captured the heart of my daughter," replied the Empress.
Tenchi looked up at Aeka. He thought about smiling to her, but then decided against it. He looked back at the floor.
"You may rise now."
The two did as they were bade. 
"Is this the man you are so in love with my child?"
Aeka nodded. 
Her mother looked at her. "You don't seem to show any interest in him," she said smiling.
Aeka rushed at Tenchi, and hugged him. Tenchi hugged her back, still feeling a little embarrassed with her mother staring at her. Suddenly his eyes darted right. A sentinel laser appeared from subspace, and aimed itself at Aeka's back.  He quickly spun her round, shielding her with his own body as the turret fired. He closed his eyes and hugged Aeka hard, bracing himself as the beam lanced into his side. The guards turned to the threat as more turrets appeared. The Empress ran towards Aeka, who was now supporting Tenchi. Both Aeka and her mother generated force fields around themselves, as they watched their guard being picked off by the lasers.
Meanwhile Tanaki was in full flow. His side arms engaged, he dodged the deadly weapons' fire, as he dispatched them one by one with accurate fire of his own. However, as one laser was destroyed, another would appear. 
"Quickly your Highnesses, this way."
He led them into the Reichan, and closed the gangway, as more and more lasers appeared. 
"Computer, full phase." The ship shimmered, as it entered phased space.
Aeka lay Tenchi on the floor, blood seeping from his wound. 
Tanaki pulled a medkit from subspace, and began to work on Tenchi.
Aeka watched, tears welling in her eyes, hands clasped together, almost as if she was praying.
"Damn!" exclaimed Tanaki. "The wound isn't healing. The laser must have had some kind of anti-coagulating agent. Computer, take off, take us above the royal infirmary."
There was a hum of engines, as the ship obeyed the commands.
Tanaki passed a piece of cloth to Aeka. "Hold this against his wound."
Aeka took the cloth and did as she was told, as Tanaki entered the cockpit.
Tenchi regained consciousness and looked up at Aeka. She smiled back. 
"Don't worry Tenchi, everything will be fine. I promise."
He took her hand, smiled, then passed out. 
"Tenchi! Tenchi!" she cried, tears streaming down her face.
"We're here!" declared Tanaki. He ran into the hallway where Aeka was. 
"Teleport for four, infirmary."
The four disappeared, only to reappear in the ward. Several nurses placed Tenchi on a hover stretcher and took him away. Aeka hugged her mother, still crying, while Tanaki teleported back to the Reichan.
"Computer, subspace link to Ryo Ohki."

Washuu listened to the details of the ambush.
"That's very clever. Reminiscent of our defenses. However, whoever put them there would have need to put them there out of subspace."
"We have no reports of anyone doing anything of that kind on our grounds. Our security is incredibly stringent."
Washuu cupped her chin in one hand and thought. "Then I'm not sure. I'd need to take a look."
"When can you get here?"
"Whoa, hang on. I'm on Ryo Ohki. If I come back, then Ryoko will have to come back too."
"We'll have to sneak her down here then."
Washuu frowned. "Are you sure? If you're caught..."
"Then I won't get caught. Anyway, if Jurai's security's been breached, then we're in trouble."
"I understand. Meet us at the Amidega station. We'll transport to your ship there."
Tanaki nodded. 

Aeka sat next to Tenchi, who was lying in bed, still recovering from the attack. He opened his eyes, and looked to one side, vaguely aware that someone was holding his hand.
"You awake?" whispered Aeka.
Tenchi nodded. "What happened? Were you hurt? Was your mother hurt?"
The Empress approached from the other side of the bed and sat down.
"I'm fine. I thank you for your concern, and for protecting my daughter."
Tenchi turned his head to face the Empress. "Please, think nothing of it."
The Empress smiled. "And how are you feeling?"
"A little sore, but I've suffered worse. I'll survive, and that's the main thing."
He turned once again to face Aeka.
"I glad to see that you're alright. Sorry if I scared you or anything."
"Hiya!"
The three turned to see Sasami run into the room.
"How are you, Tenchi?" she asked.
He smiled at the little girl. "Doctors say I'll be fine."
"Good, because I want you to well for when the others get here."
The three of them looked at her, rather perplexed.
"What others?" asked the Empress.
"Our other friends, from Earth. Tanaki's worried about the lasers that gunned you down, and has gone to get Washuu and..."
"Ok, I get the picture, Sasami," interrupted Tenchi, rather worried.
Aeka looked at him. "It's ok, Tenchi, mother knows about Ryoko."
Tenchi squirmed, and then winced. 
The Empress stood up. "I must be leaving. I am glad to see that you will recover, Lord Tenchi. However I do not like all of this going behind the Emperor's back. You will have to confront him sometime."
She left, no one knowing who she was addressing. 
Once news of the attack had reached the Emperor's attention, the palace was a hive of activity. Extra guards were placed on in the royal court, as tensions ran high. No one had been able to attack the Jurian royal family in the open so easily.
The Reichan entered high orbit around Jurai, as Washuu conducted her preliminary scans. 
"Interesting. There are some subspace fissures around the palace. They don't normally occur in interplanetary space, let alone in a planet's atmosphere."
"Does that mean whoever's doing this is teleporting the lasers in through subspace? I didn't think that was possible."
"Neither did I. Apparently I haven't given the matter enough thought."
She turned around and grinned at Tanaki. "Don't worry though! The universe's greatest mind is on the case! We had better inform the Emperor of the situation. I doubt he's properly defended against a foe that attacks with remote control subspace sentinel lasers. It's probably too subtle for him."

The friends waited in the hallway that led to the main throne room, where the Emperor waited for them. 
"Are you sure about this?" asked Ryoko nervously. 
Sasami held her hand. "Don't worry, I'll look after you."
"Why thank you," she replied, still feeling very uncomfortable.
Tanaki gestured to them.
"Here we go. Let me do the talking, ok?"
Kiyone glanced over to Mihoshi. "Not a word" she growled.

The giant doors to the throne room opened, and the group entered. On either side of them were lines of imperial guard.
The friends advanced towards the Emperor in silence, everyone one of them very nervous. After what seemed to be a life time they arrived before the throne.
"Wait here," whispered Tanaki. The group did as they were told, as Tanaki strode up in front of the twin thrones. 
"Your Highnesses, may I present Galaxy Police's Kiyone and Mihoshi, Detectives first class with honours..."
The Kiyone bowed, and nudged Mihoshi, who then bowed as well.
"Lord Tenchi, grandson of Lord Katsuhito..."
Tenchi bowed.
"also the renowned genius Washuu..."
Washuu bowed.
"and her daughter, Ryoko."
All eyes were on Ryoko. She looked around, before bowing. Tanaki let out a sigh of relief. 
The Emperor looked at the group.
"Tell me why you are here," he demanded, glaring specifically at Ryoko.
Ryoko wanted to glare back, but though better of it.
Washuu stood forwards. "We are here at the request of Lord Tanaki. He is concerned about the security of your family."
"Is that so?" the Emperor snorted.
Washuu didn't answer. "Your Highness, do you think you are well defended?"
"Look around you woman. What do you see?"
Before Washuu could speak, he answered his own question.
"A battalion of the finest fighters in the entire sector, each trained to the peak of perfection. Above us, hundreds of the galaxy's finest warships protect us from any aggressor This palace is surrounded by the most powerful forcefield in the galaxy." He laughed. "I should say we are well defended."
Washuu knew she could disprove most of the Emperor's boasts and claims, but instead just smiled to herself. "Very impressive. But what good are your warships and men against a foe that can materialize anywhere in your palace at will, and attack with lightning speed and precision?"
"I take it you mean the lasers that attacked my wife and daughter. That was outside the grounds. We are safe inside. And from what I hear, you yourself use this kind of trickery yourself. Should I not suspect you?"
Several guards moved to surround Washuu.
"Believe me your Highness, if I wanted you dead, you would be." She pulled a clear globe containing a black orb out of subspace.
"Do you know what this is?"
The friends gulped. They did.
"No," replied the Emperor, ignorantly.
Washuu grinned evilly. "It's a black hole. If I drop this, your entire system would be pulled in." She put the offending object back into subspace, as the friends sighed in relief.
"Anyway, I give you my word that I am not responsible for these attacks. However, you should not underestimate the person that is..."
Suddenly there was a buzzing noise, as a laser appeared in front of Washuu and fired at her. The beam deflected off a refraction field that generated itself around her.
"Looks like someone's not too fond of me..." she muttered, as a guard destroyed the laser. There was another hum. And another. Very quickly the air above them filled with sentinel lasers. The Empress extended her field around herself and her husband, as laser fire rained down around them.
The friends formed a defensive perimeter around the two princesses, and returned fire as Aeka extended her forcefield around them. Kiyone activated her personal force field, before sighing and activating Mihoshi's for her. Aeka shielded her sister from the carnage that was happening around them. In the middle of the room sat Washuu, surrounded by her refraction field, her fingers darting across her keyboard, desperately trying to find the source of the incoming lasers.
By now the remaining garrison had surrounded their Emperor, however their numbers were thinning rapidly.
"We gotta get Aeka and Sasami out of here!" shouted Kiyone, as the laser fire intensified. "We can come back for the Emperor..."
Her statement was cut short by a flash of light. Everyone looked around, wondering what had happened. Suddenly it became apparent. Aeka's and the Empress's forcefields collapsed, and the Emperor's powers also seemed to leave him. The Empress went down as a laser shot hit her in the shoulder.
"Mother!" cried Sasami, tears streaming down her face.
"Get them out of here!" shouted Tanaki, "I'll get the Emperor!" The friends began moving towards the main doors as Tanaki tried to fight his way to his liege. He ducked behind a pillar, as the laser fire around him doubled. The others made it out of the throne room, however Aeka had to restrain her sister, to stop her running back into the hallway which was now saturated with laser fire.
"Mother!" she cried again, trying to evade her sister's grasp.
Kiyone, Tenchi and Ryoko peered back into the hall.
"He's pinned behind that pillar. He'll never get through alone," sighed Kiyone.
Tenchi drew his sword. "We've got to help him."
Ryoko thought for a minute. "Right, you two get to Tanaki, and give me supporting fire. I'll fly to the Emperor, and teleport them out."
She turned to Sasami and smiled. "Don't worry kid. We'll get them out."
Kiyone turned to her partner. "You stay here and guard the princesses."
Mihoshi nodded and pulled out her fire arm.
Tenchi nodded to the others. "Let's go."
The Emperor and his wife had taken refuge behind the throne with the few remaining survivors of their once proud garrison. The Emperor cradled his wife, his once stern composure broken.
Tanaki bit his lip. Every time he tried to moved, the lasers pinned him down. 
"Need a hand?" Kiyone and Tenchi appeared behind him.
"What are you doing here?" he asked, a little irate. "You'll get yourself killed!"
"No more that you will, friend," replied Kiyone, dispatching another two lasers with her pistol.
Tenchi nodded over to the other side, where Ryoko was hiding behind a pillar.
"We need to give her covering fire. Then she can fly over and teleport the Emperor and Empress out."
Tanaki nodded. If the dampening field that prevented the Emperor from using his power wasn't also interfering with his own phase and transporting equipment, he could have done it himself. He changed his side arms to shield and laser configuration. 
The three lunged out from behind the pillar, and lay down heavy fire. Shots blasted down around them and ricocheted off their forcefields, as they took down as many lasers as they could. Meanwhile Ryoko flew down the other side, weaving in and out of more laser fire. 
"She's there! Let's get out of here!"
The three friends began their retreat, as Ryoko ducked behind the thrones.
"What the hell are you doing here?" shouted the Emperor, as Ryoko appeared in front of him.
"I'm here to get you and your wife out of here. Give me your hand."
The Empress complied, but the Emperor did not. 
"I would rather die, than be helped by scum like you."
Ryoko bore her fangs and growled.
"That suits me fine. But I made a promise to your daughter that I would bring back *both* her parents. Now give me your damn hand before you get us all killed."
"Give her your hand."
The Emperor looked down at his wife.
"It's time you learnt a lesson in humility, my dear," she whispered.
Reluctantly, he gave Ryoko his hand.
"Hold on, your Highness," she said, looking down at the Empress. She looked up. "And you." 
Seconds later the three materialized outside the throne room, just in time to see the thrones explode into tiny fragments.
Just in front sat Washuu, still working away.
Sasami looked up and ran to embrace her mother, as Tanaki looked into the room. Washuu had disappeared.
"Looking for me?" she asked, tapping him on the shoulder. He spun round, but before he could reply, she spoke.
"We're dealing with one tricky bar.." she noticed her company, and changed her tack. "One tricky guy. He planted a subspace amplifier in the throne room. That's how he was able to teleport the lasers through subspace. I've disabled it now."
"What happened to the Emperor's powers? And my own?" asked the Empress.
"A dampening field. Generated by a device also teleported in. It also seems to have been designed to interfere with some of Tanaki's equipment. Whoever planned this was ready for almost all contingencies. 
"Except us." 
Washuu nodded. "That's right, Kiyone. I reckon when we arrived, whoever was behind this panicked because he knew we weren't part of his plan, and that he hadn't accounted for us in his attack plan."
Tenchi looked down at the Empress. "We'd better get her to the infirmary."

Tenchi stood up as he saw Aeka leave the ward where the Empress was being cared for.
"How is she?" he inquired.
"She'll be fine."
"And your father?"
Aeka looked at him and smiled a little. "The entire incident shook him up a little. And mother has chastised him for his behaviour towards Ryoko."
Tenchi hugged her. "I'm glad that they're safe."
Aeka hugged back. "And they have you to thank for it. Without you, or the others, we may not have survived this day."
He smiled and took her hand.
"Now do I get this tour of your world yet?"

Washuu stood back to admire her handy work. Tanaki looked at it. A door.
"There, finished. What do you think?"
Tanaki scratched his head. "It's a door."
Washuu hit him around the head with her keyboard, much to the delight of Sasami.
"It's not just a door," she said, amidst the little girl's giggles.
"It's a portal to my lab."
"The one on earth?"
"That's right."
"That is impressive. All that way."
Tanaki winced as the keyboard struck his head again.
"My lab is in subspace you fool. It's not actually on earth."
Tanaki rubbed his head and stood back. "What now?"
Washuu turned to face him. "Now I go head-to-head with this other guy. He's obviously good, there's no doubt about that. But he's no match for..."
A spotlight appeared out of subspace and shone down on her, as a fanfare trumpeted.
"...the greatest genius in the universe!"
"I see."
The spotlight faded as Washuu entered her lab. "Come in, I want to show you something."
Tanaki and Sasami followed her into her lab. It was just as it was on earth, except the portal let them in from a different part of the lab.
An *enormous* view screen descended from the ceiling, if you could call it a ceiling.
On it was a detailed image of the palace an it's surrounding grounds.
"Washuu LTD expands to the Jurai system."
A spot light fell on one corner of the lab, revealing a large complex-looking device. 
"It was fairly easy to devise a way to prevent our friend warping in any more unpleasant surprises, seeing as his task is a tough one without my intrusion. Nevertheless, my invention is nothing short of..."
"Genius?"
Washuu smiled. "You said it! This is my subspace stabilizer. Our assailant somehow sneaked a subspace destabilizer into the throne room. This is the obvious solution. That's why you couldn't teleport, or use your phase shield, it interfered with your state changing equipment."
"And Ryoko could?"
"Different principle. You use technology. Think of it as a natural ability."
"I see. Does that mean we're safe from these attacks now?"
"Well, my lab is safe. I need to replicate these devices and locate them around the palace."
"How long will that take?"
"At my current rate, about a month."
"A MONTH?!"
"Calm down will you? Sheesh, where's this Jurian discipline?"
"It kind of disappears when I'm not around Jurians."
Sasami tugged at his arm. "I'm Jurian."
He smiled. "You're too kawaii to be Jurian."
She beamed back, as Tanaki continued his conversation with Washuu.
"I take it you've got a better idea."
"I sure have!" She pulled out a small box. "This is a smaller version of the subspace stabilizer. It's got a smaller range, but one large enough to prevent the warping in of any lasers within, oh I'd say 5 meters. The effect is cumulative, so two people standing next to each other would have a clearance zone of about 7 meters."
She went over to a another area of her lab, where a large machine stood, different in appearance to the subspace stabilizer, but nevertheless too complex to give anyone looking at it even a hint as to its purpose. 
"This baby can make about one of these mini subspace stabilizers every half hour. I am working on improving it, but until then, one every half an hour is the best I can do."
"How many do you have?"
"About twenty, and rising."
He nodded. "I'll begin distributing them."
Washuu pulled a box out of subspace and handed them to Tanaki. 
"I've already taken the liberty to place some larger versions around the princess's bedrooms, the Emperor's chamber and the throne room."
"Well done. I'm sure the Emperor will appreciate this."
"He had better. I took me a full hour to design this stuff."
Tanaki looked at her, unsure whether she was joking or not. He left still undecided.

Chapter 5: Face to Face, Toe to Toe.

Tanaki spent the next few days reviewing the palace's security. Washuu had still been unable to completely ascertain the cause of the Emperor's sudden loss of power, however the subspace stabilizers seemed to be working; there had been no further attacks by subspace sentinel lasers. 
While Tanaki had worked, Sasami had followed him everywhere, her admiration growing for him each day. He went about his work with the same authority as her sister did, but with slightly less contempt, and more motivation, that seemed to encourage those under his command to work that little bit harder. Tanaki soon began to notice the princess's almost obsessive behavior, and was a little concerned. He decided to voice his concerns to Aeka.

Aeka had been spending a lot of time with Tenchi. A *lot*. She had been very anxious to show her fianc the planet that she called home. Tenchi had been impressed. For a people that had a entire empire, their world was surprising devoid of technology. Although he sometimes liked the modern apartments and office blocks of his world, Jurai was surprisingly calm and almost soothing. The two of them entered a field full of long grass, and they strolled through it, hand in hand. They stopped somewhere in the middle and sat down opposite each other. He checked the status of the subspace stabilizers Tanaki had given them. All of them were working. He turned his attention to the field, and began searching for something. He stood up, continuing the search, a frown on his face.
"What's the matter, Tenchi? Have you lost something?"
Tenchi shook his head. "You would have thought on a planet as beautiful as this, there would be a flower as beautiful as you." He continued his search, oblivious of Aeka's deep blush. 
"Ah-ha!" he exclaimed. He knelt down, and picked a small white and purple flower, with delicate red-tipped petals. 
He took the flower to Aeka, knelt down before her and offered it to her.
"I'm sorry, but I fear my search to find a flower worthy of you was in vain. This is the best I could find, your Highness."  He extended the flower to her and bowed his head.
"It's beautiful. And very rare too." She went to put in her hair, but Tenchi rose and took it from her.
"Allow me."
He carefully placed it in her hair above her left ear, before kneeling down to admire it. 
He shook his head in disappointment. "I fear your beauty still eclipses the flower's your Highness."
Aeka smiled and gently pushed Tenchi over.
"Please stop calling me 'your Highness.' Call me Aeka."
"Yes, your Highness." 
Aeka smiled and pushed him over again. She fell on top of him, giggling. The two looked at each other for a brief moment before Aeka lowered her head towards Tenchi.

Tanaki waited patiently for the Emperor to emerge for his important meeting. Beside him stood Sasami, looking up at him. Tanaki had been unable to find Aeka, and was beginning to feel unnerved by the little princess's unyielding attention. The door opened and the Empress stepped out.
"You Highness," said Tanaki, as he bowed. 
"Hello, mother," said Sasami, in a much more casual manner.
The Empress smiled. "It is good of you to take care of my daughter with such dedication, Lord Tanaki."
Tanaki bowed again. "Empress, may speak to you, in private?"
She nodded. "Sasami, would you help your father, please?"
Sasami nodded and skipped inside. Sasami seldom *walked* anywhere.
"What is it that is troubling you, Lord Tanaki?"
"Well, my Empress, it concerns Sasami. I would gladly chose to guard her with my life, however, she does not let me."
"I do not think I follow you."
"It is not I who follows Princess Sasami, but Princess Sasami who follows me."
He shuffled, uncertain of the Empress's response.
"Am I correct in believing that Sasami has, how shall I put it, taken a shining to you?"
"I believe that may be the case."
She smiled. "At least she has good taste. Like her sister."
Tanaki did something he rarely did. He blushed. Rather dramatically.
The Empress's smile broadened. "Anyway, I shall talk to her."
Tanaki made moves to intercept the Empress.
"May I ask what you will to say to her?" 
The Empress turned and looked at him.
"Oh? For what reason?"
Tanaki would have to phrase this *very* carefully.
"Your highness, I, I care very much for, for your daughter's well being. I should not like to see Sasami upset over a situation I myself alone could not handle."
"I see. It would appear the captain of my guard has a soft spot for my youngest daughter. I shall have to watch you very carefully."
"I can I assure you that I am only concerned with Sasami's safety," Tanaki replied, rather flustered.
Empress smiled again, and decided to forgo any further teasing, as enjoyable as it was.
"I shall speak to her." 
Tanaki nodded and bowed, as the Empress entered the chamber again. 
Minutes later, Tanaki heard running, just before the door burst open. He watched as Sasami ran down the hallway, the distinct sound of crying echoing off the marble walls. He turned to see the Empress come through the door.
"It would appear Sasami's feelings for you are stronger than I had anticipated."
"Shall I go after her, your Highness?"
"Please. I believe you are better suited to deal with this situation than I was."
Tanaki bowed again. "I apologize for any inconvenience or discomfort I may have caused to you, or your family." 
The Empress nodded in acknowledgement. "I do not believe you are to blame. You have always been an exemplary officer; you are courteous, compassionate, and I have often heard the female courtiers speak favorably of you. I just never expected one as young as Sasami to feel this way about you."
Tanaki looked at the Empress; she had a glazed appearance, gazing down the hallway as she spoke. 
"I shall leave this matter in your hands, Captain."
"Thank you, your Highness."
With that the Empress turned and rejoined her husband in the chamber room.

It wasn't difficult for the head of the Emperor's personal Jurian guard to locate the princess. She was in her room. He knocked.
"Go away," a sobbing voice replied.
He knocked again. 
"Go away! Please go away." 
Tanaki didn't want to enter without permission, nor could he just leave the matter alone. He turned and sat down beside the door and waited.
Two hours later the door opened. Sasami looked outside, to see Tanaki sitting beside the door. She quickly shut the door.
"Please, your Highness, I wish to speak to you."
"How long have you been there?"
"Since I first knocked."
"I told you to go away."
"I shall not. I shall wait here, forever if need be. I must speak to you. I want to know what has upset you so much."
He paused, waiting for a reply. The door slowly opened, and the princess walked out slowly, her head drooping. She looked up at him, eyes red from crying. The tears formed again, as she embraced his waist.
He held the little princess's head against him, a tear forming the battle-hardened fighter's eye. 
"Will you tell me what is wrong? It pains me to see you like this your Highness."
Sasami began to relate her story, amidst tears and stammers.
"Mother came-came into the chamber and  asked, asked how I felt about you. I told her that I loved you, but she wouldn't believe me. She said, said that I didn't, that I didn't really love you. But I do. She can't know how I feel. You told me you loved me too."
Tanaki thought back to the time he had carried the princess home, and the words he had exchanged with her. He knelt down and looked her in the eye.
"I *do* love you, but not in that sense. I love you like your mother loves you. I've never had a sister or brother. I sort of look on you as my little sister. I'm sorry if I have misled you."
Sasami looked at him disappointed. "It's because I'm little, isn't it?"
Tanaki nodded. "There is that."
"If I was older, then you could love me like Tenchi loves Aeka?"
"I suppose..."
The princess ran back into her room, leaving a rather baffled Tanaki, still knelling, wondering how to interpret the little girl's response. He was little taken aback when Sasami returned.
She towered over him, sporting Washuu's headband, dressed in some of Aeka's clothes she had managed to smuggle into her own luggage on the voyage back to Jurai.
"Could you love me now?"
Tanaki stood up. "Sasami, we both know this appearance is superficial. If I take this headband off..."
Sasami backed off. "I can be changed permanently..."
"It would make no difference. You are still too young, no matter your physical appearance."
"But I still love you..."
"I have no reason to question that. However it wouldn't be right. Not yet."
Sasami looked at him, that single word striking hope into her heart and banishing the tears that threatened once again to overflow from her eyes. Yet.
"You mean..."
"When you are of age, and if you still feel for me, then, if your parents have no objections..."
He smiled. "Of course I shall be about twenty seven, by earth years that is."
"Will you wait?" she asked.
"I believe I shall be too busy to find anyone else. I am the Captain of the guard, and as such have responsibilities."
He reached again for the headband. 
"Wait. I want to ask you one thing."
"Anything."
"While I am still like this, will you, kiss me?"
Tanaki backed off, the situation getting more dangerous by the second.
"I do not believe it appropriate..."
"I shan't tell anyone."
"Nevertheless..."
Sasami pounced. Tanaki was unsure to throw her off or comply. He checked the door was shut. 
"Why?"
"I see Tenchi and Aeka together so much, and they look so happy. And whenever Tenchi kisses Aeka, she goes around with this funny expression on her face for ages. It's as if she's on some other planet. I want to know what it's like."
"This once and only once. Then you must promise that you will not bring this matter up again until you are of age."
"I promise."
"One kiss."
"Just one."

'Are you *mad*?!'
'Perhaps.'

Before he could argue himself out of it, he embraced the not-so-little princess, and kissed her. Nothing fancy, just a plain gentle kiss. Sasami shut her eyes, and didn't see Tanaki reach for her headband. As they pulled apart, he removed the equipment, restoring Sasami to her original size. She smiled up at him, before running off to change into more suitably fitting clothes.
Tanaki sat on her bed, wondering if he would regret his actions. He placed the headband in his pocket and shut his eyes. He honestly didn't know. One thing was for sure. He didn't want to face the Empress any time soon. He opened his eyes to see Sasami emerge from the bathroom, clothed normally. She sat on the bed and put her arms around him.
"Thank you."

Sasami honored her agreement and stopped following Tanaki around. Instead she spent her time with Ryoko and Ryo Ohki, who spent most of their time in the royal baths with Mihoshi and Kiyone.
The four girl sat relaxing in the hot soothing waters, as a servant bought another tray of drinks.
"You know, I could get used to this life," commented Ryoko, sipping her drink. "Hey, Sasami, need another personal guard?"
She shook her head, trying her best not to blush. "No, thank you, I have one."
Despite enjoying the relaxation, Kiyone could help but feel restless. She need to be doing something. Anything. She got up, having decided to help Washuu, leaving the others to soak.

"What are you up to?!" Washuu slammed her two fists down on the console. The console displayed all the patterns of a gigantic subspace portal, however it's readings were too dispersed for it to be stable.
She sighed and leant back on her chair, closing her eyes. There was a knock on the door.
"Come in", she sighed.
Kiyone stepped in, and glanced at the sizable stash of empty coffee mugs that was accumulating beside Washuu's chair.
"All nighter, hey?"
Washuu nodded.
"Can I ask what about? My mind could do with a puzzle."
"What do you make of this?"
Washuu turned the display to face Kiyone, and got up to make another cup of coffee.
Kiyone sat down and gazed at the monitor.
"Let's see. Subspace disturbance graph. Scale, ten million!"
"Go on."
"Well, diffraction differential, 0.000045. That's pretty small. That implies that the portal is incredibly thinly spread out."
"Too thinly to be stable."
"There is another explanation."
Washuu frowned, annoyed that there had been something she had missed.
"The temporal differential is 1."
"That just means it will appear. If there were two portals, appearing at different times, then..."
"The differential would be less than 1. I know Washuu, I'm not a complete klutz."
"Sorry. Anyway, what's your point?"
"How about lots of small portals, all at exactly the same time? The combined disturbance would be huge, but if they're spread out..."
"That would lead to a small diffraction differential. You know, that just might be it."
Kiyone got up and smiled. "Well, that's my bit done. I'm off to the baths."
"Not so fast, brainiac. We've still got to determine where these portals are going to arrive, when, and what's going to be transported through them."
Kiyone sighed, wishing she had stayed with Mihoshi and Ryoko.

Washuu stood beside her gigantic palace map, holding a long pole. In front her sat the Emperor and Empress, flanked by guards. Behind them were Tenchi, Aeka and the rest of the group from earth. Tanaki sat to one side of the Emperor, with several other high-ranking Jurians, including the Palace guard commander, and the Imperial fleet's admiral.
Washuu looked around and, happy that everyone was comfortable, began her speech.
"Our friend has began to make his next move. I have detected subspace disturbances around the palace, and with some help, have determined them to be the pre-emptive rifts for trans-system portals. Each one is about 10 meters high, and 4 meters wide. We can expect a sort of mechanoid attack robot, if our friend continues in the technological attack vein."
The map suddenly flashed, as black portal symbols appeared around the palace. 
"We can expect about 200 portals, and perhaps two or three robots from each one."
The Emperor was about to question the wisdom of the attacker, assaulting such a well defended building, before recalling the last time he had bragged about his defenses. 
"I know what you want to ask me your Highness. You want to know why someone would directly assault a palace that boasts a home garrison of about 4000 men."
The Emperor starred at her, quite surprised. Ryoko and Tenchi stared at the headband Washuu wore, considerably less surprised.
"What's 4000 divided by 200?"
A hand shot up.
"Yes?"
"20 ma'am." 
"Correct. That's 20 men for every three attack robots. Now do not forget that these portals are 10 meters in height. We can expect these robots to be on approximately equal size. No offense, but I personally do not believe that 20 men could handle three of these attack robots."
Another hand shot up.
"Yes?"
A soldier stood up. "I mean no disrespect, but what do you know of our fighting strength?"
"I base my assumptions on what I saw in the throne room. I regret to say that as good and dedicated fighters that you are, you are simply not equipped to deal with this situation, and there is insufficient time to prepare you."
The soldier took his seat.
Another hand went up.
"Yes?"
The palace guard commanded stood up.
"Miss Washuu, are you aware that there are ten more garrisons near to the palace, each boasting 5000 men?"
The admiral stood up.
"I also remind you that the imperial fleet carries a sizable mobile troop detachment. I can put 6000 men into the palace grounds within ten minutes."
Washuu nodded. "I am well aware of these facts, gentlemen, although I thank you for pointing them out to me. Unfortunately we do not know when precisely our assailant will strike. When he does, the palace will be raised to the ground well before ten minutes. The proximity of the portals suggests that the attack will be a swift one. Your reinforcements would be too late, and is impractical to increase the garrison already present."
The Emperor frowned. "It sounds like the enemy had planned his attack carefully. We have insufficient strength to repel the aggressor, and cannot reinforce our numbers."
The Empress raised her hand.
Washuu nodded to her, rather surprised that the Empress didn't simply voice her question.
"If we know the enemy is coming, can we not lay a trap?"
Washuu smiled. "My thinking exactly your Highness. I could neutralize the portals and prevent the attack completely, however to perform this sort of operation, our attack will have to reveal his true position."
The scientist reached into subspace and pulled out a globe. Inside was a black orb.
"A black hole?" asked the Emperor.
"Of sorts. It's more controlled. 100 guards will be given one of these globes. They are to be thrown at the ground before each portal. Then as whatever steps into the portal emerges, it will fall into the hole.
The Emperor frowned. "Where does the hole lead?"
"Where ever I want it too. In this case I picked a small moon we passed on the way here."
Washuu threw the globe across the room. It shattered, and a hole formed where it broke. A second hole appeared to the right of Washuu. 
"Observe."
Washuu walked over to the hole in the floor and jumped into it, amidst gasps, only to step out of the hole next to her original position. She squinted and held her head.
"Rather disorientating, but fairly stable."
"Any questions?"
A forest of hand shot up. Washuu sighed.
"Your Highness's, I believe the important part is over. If you wish to hear these questions, then I can make a recording. I understand you have a busy day."
The Emperor and his wife stood up.
"Thank you Miss Washuu, I believe we are finished here. I shall leave the defense of my palace in your capable hands."
Washuu bowed. "I am honored to serve."
With that the Emperor and his wife left, followed by his guard.
"Right then, first question..."

Washuu collapsed in her chair, absolutely exhausted. Tenchi and Ryoko strolled over, and sat next to her.
"I think things went rather well," commented Tenchi.
"Yeah, way to go Washuu."
Washuu smiled. "I didn't tell them the bad bit."
Tenchi and Ryoko turned to her.
"Bad bit?"
"The whole portal thing is a distraction. While I was working on trying to solve that problem our clever friend was busy fixing a subspace channel to the palace."
"This guy's really hung up about subspace, isn't he?"
"It's the only way to transport things in secret. The problem with phased space is..."
"Ok, I'm sorry I asked."
Ryoko shook her head as Washuu continued.
"Anyway, he'll be trying to transport some sort of bomb, a compressed neutron star, or perhaps a supernova."
Tenchi bit his lip. "Can you stop him?"
"I don't know. I'm gonna try though. I'm hoping that we can find his position from the portals he creates, and stop him that way."
Ryoko nodded. "We better tell Tanaki."

The entire of Jurai was on alert. The entire Imperial fleet was distributed among every star system within three light years of Jurai, so that when the location of the enemy was known, they could neutralize him as quickly as possible. 
On Jurai itself, Tanaki prepared the defenses for the imminent attack. With him were Aeka, Tenchi and Ryoko. Sasami remained with her parents while the Yagami soared in high orbit, to co ordinate the search-and-destroy part of the operation.
The defenders waited for the unknown aggressor to make his move. It was two days before he did.
The defenders had dropped their guard from the wait, as 200 black portals simultaneously appeared around the palace grounds. Tanaki listened in on his headset as reports came in from around the grounds. Only 187 black holes had been properly dispensed. Soon the air was filled with the sound of explosions and screams, and gigantic mechanical robots wreaked havoc around them. 
Meanwhile Washuu had received a message.

-The famous Washuu I believe.

Washuu frowned and responded.

-And who may you be?
-My name? That would be Karigato.

Washuu paused, she had heard that name before. She recalled her conversation with Tanaki back on earth when they first met.

-Tanaki's friend?
-Only because it suited me. Quite useful friend to have, Captain of the Emperor's personal guard, wouldn't you agree?
-Why attack the Emperor? Money?
-Come now, Washuu. We both know we geniuses have no need for such things.
-Then what?
-You.

Again Washuu paused at the reply, slightly shocked.

-I wanted to go and pit my wits against you.
-Why involve the Emperor?
-To get your attention. I have no quarrel with the Emperor as such. 
-So you'd kill innocent people just to get me to play your silly games?
-The Emperor and his kin were never in any really danger. I couldn't let them die, or we wouldn't be at the stage we are now.
-So you weren't hired to kill the Emperor?
-No.

'Damn it. So this entire fiasco is about someone with a grudge against me?'

-Although I do know who is hiring the other assassins.
-Who?
-I'll tell you if you win.
-If I win, this gift you're going to try and send me is going to end up in your lap.
-Ok. A little extra motivation to make things more interesting. I believe you have the face of the go between. Here's a name to go with it. Fuchitami.
-Just so I know what the stakes are, what exactly are you sending me?
-A super-condensed blue supernova.
-I see.
-All of those lasers and the robots were just for fun. Now we play for real.

Washuu's consoles lit up, as Karigato began the transport of his little package. Her fingers blitzed across her keyboards and consoles in a bid to divert, destroy or neutralize the threat. What ever she would do Karigato would counter in a furious battle of wits.

In space the co-ordinates of the portals transmission epicenter was beginning to formulate. The Yagami and dozens of Jurian warships began to converge on the position.
On Jurai three smoking hulls of the attack robots lay on the ground just in front of where Tanaki stood. He was bleeding from a dozen wounds, but his mind blocked out the discomfort. There was a thunderous explosion, as a forth fell to the ground nearby. Ryoko teleported next to Tanaki, also sporting wounds of her own.
"That's all of the ones near the Emperor's chamber down. Tenchi and Aeka are dealing with the two on the west wing.  There are still ten on the far side, though."
"Let's get going."
With that the two warriors disappeared.

Washuu was finding her opponent to be a cunning and resourceful foe. The supernova had covered nearly half the distance to the palace through the channel, and was steadily approaching. And there was something peculiar about the co-ordinates of the portal transmission, however she didn't have time to study them properly. Every part of her concentration was focused on stopping the supernova.
She spoke into her headphone as she worked.
"Kiyone. Can you hear me."
Kiyone tapped a button on the console. "This is Kiyone. Hang in there, we've almost arrived."
"Listen carefully Kiyone, I don't believe the co-ordinates are correct. This guy's smarter than that. I'm too busy to analyse the data myself. You'll have to do it. Washuu out."
The scientist frowned. During her chat she had lost another six percent to Karigato.

Washuu wasn't the only one who was frowning. Kiyone stared at the data co-ordinates. There *was* something peculiar about them. A light flashed on the console.
"Get that Mihoshi, will you?"
Mihoshi pressed a button on the console. The face of the Fleet admiral appeared.
"Why have you stopped?" he asked, a frustrated tone in his voice.
"Well, err, there's a problem with the co-ordinates, I think."
"What? What's wrong with them?"
"What *is* wrong with them Kiyone?"
Kiyone smiled, and turned to the monitor. "They've been reversed. They're on the opposite side of Jurai. I'm patching the new co-ordinates through to you."
The Admiral nodded. Some one hundred ships changed direction and sped off through space.

Aeka's forcefield deflected an massive barrage of laser fire as the attack robot continued its advance. Tenchi ran past it and sprang upwards, slicing through the droid's torso as he rose. A severed limb fell off the robot before it exploded. Tenchi was thrown back by the blast, but quickly composed himself. He ran at a second robot, which was shrugging off the fire of some Jurian guards. He cut through one of its short legs and leapt to one side, narrowly avoiding the robot's retaliatory fire. He watched as the robot fell over, towards him. He covered his head with his arms, knowing that it wouldn't save him. There was a second explosion, and Tenchi looked up to see the robot fall in two parts around him, and Ryoko soaring over head, her orange energy blade shining nearly as brightly as the look in her eyes.
She landed next to him and helped him up.
"Thanks, I owe you one."
She smiled. "You owe me nothing. I didn't want to see you die anymore than I you did."
Tenchi got up as Aeka ran over. She hugged him, and turned to Ryoko.
"Thank you so much, Ryoko."
Ryoko had a surprised look on her face. She couldn't remember the last time the princess had thanked her for something.
"Sure," was the best she could handle.
Aeka's forcefield flared again as a second robot fired at the three. They watched as the laser beams arced off the energy wall that surrounded them. 
When the fire had stopped the three split up, to continue their attack.
From her window Sasami watched the battle, cheering whenever one of her friends took down a robot. She watched as Ryoko circled a droid, cutting as she went. The robot blew up, scattering debris over the once unblemished green courtyard grass.
Sasami threw her arms up in the air. "Alright!" she exclaimed.
Ryoko flew past the window and winked at the princess, who waved back.
The Emperor went over and stood next to his little girl. He watched the diminutive figure of his other daughter drawing fire as Tenchi moved close and dispatched the offending robot with clean strokes of his blade. The Emperor tilted his head to one side.
"They're not bad..." he commented.
Sasami smiled. "They're the best."
Suddenly the two saw a droid level its chain gun at their window. The Emperor instinctively shielded his daughter, but the fire didn't penetrate the window. They looked up to see the back on Tanaki, who was perched precariously on the window ledge, his side arms in forcefield conformation. He turned and waved at the princess before disappearing. The two peered out of the window to see the robot that had fired at them explode as combined fire of the Jurian guard finally took its toll.

Sweat poured down Washuu's face. The supernova had completed 87 percent of its journey, and she was rapidly running out of ideas. She had altered space, realigned quantum singularities, event attempted temporal disruptions, but her foe had countered all of her attempts to stop the progress of the threat.
A voice came over the intercom. The nova advanced another four percent. 
"This is Kiyone, we'll reach the real co-ordinates in ten minutes. Hold out 'til then."

'Ten minutes. Ok you bastard, let's see how good you really are.'

Washuu renewed her attack with new passion. Her fingers moved with blinding speed as she began to initiate two procedures at once. With one hand she began to create a feedback loop in the channel, while with the other she started to move subspace fissures into the supernova's path. She watched as Karigato created a gravity well outside the channel, drawing the fissures out of the way. Her left hand countered with a gravity well of her own, pulling the fissures back into the channel. Her loop was finished. Washuu moved her gravity well in further down the channel.
Karigato watched in confusion as his nova accelerated down the channel. Ninety four percent of the voyage complete. Then he saw the loop. He made moves to limit the damage, as the nova moved along a separate channel back towards him. It rejoined the channel at 78 percent. 
Washuu let out a sigh. That would buy her some time.

The Yagami sped through space at maximum speed, the Imperial fleet lagging behind it. It arrived at its destination, a small cluster of uninhabited rocks as moons. 
"Ready the torpedoes, dual fusion warheads."
Mihoshi nodded, knowing this was not a good time for one of her screw ups. 
Suddenly dozens of missiles launched from one of the moons.
Kiyone grinned. "Looks like we're in the right place. Hold on Mihoshi!"
Kiyone put the Yagami on full throttle as the Yagami maneuvered through the barrage, Mihoshi's voice filling the bridge.
"Waaaaahhhhhhheeeeeyyyyyy!"

Karigato felt a small explosion shake his lab. He frowned. No ship should have been able to find him this quickly. There were over a thousand asteroids in the system. 
70 percent.
There was no way that they could pinpoint his position *this* accurately.
50 percent.
And what of his defenses?
30 percent.
He spun round to see the ground he had lost. He cursed himself as a second explosion rocked his lab.
30 percent. 
He  wasn't finished yet.
31 percent.
He had spent too long planning for this moment.
30 percent.
This, his finest moment.
29 percent.

The Imperial fleet had entered the system and had begun systematic destruction of every piece of rock. Missiles, lasers and rockets flew through space, blowing up asteroids and small moons. 
Kiyone looked at her console, trying to find a faster way to locate their quarry. 
"There."
Mihoshi peered out of the window. "Where Kiyone?"
Kiyone ignored her dimwitted partner. "Every time a plasma rocket explodes, another fissure appears in subspace. Computer, display all subspace fissures on a system wide map."
A map of the system appeared.
"Display all subspace fissures."
A few dots appeared on the map. Another appeared. And then two more. The a line of fissures was now clearly visible. Kiyone pointed to a rock on the map.
"That's where he is!"
The Yagami sped off towards the rock, with several faster Jurian ships behind.

The shock waves of the imperial navy's purge continued to rock Karigato's lab. He knew he hadn't much time left, but was unable to progress the supernova any further. A warning light appeared next to him.
Ships approaching. There was another shock wave, however this time much more powerful. Rubble started to fall on him.
5 percent.

Kiyone watched as her target blew up in front of her in an intense flash of light, which puzzled her, as she had only fired off one shot. 

Back in her lab Washuu relaxed. Her back, her fingers, her head hurt. She lay back and closed her eyes. A tang of guilt tugged at her. How much death and destruction had this Karigato reined on the imperial family? Simply because of her. She sighed. The fine line between genius and madness was thinner than she had imagined. The fight had not been in vein though. They had a name.

The last of the attack droids fell to the ground, thick black smoke billowing from its ruptured body. The Jurian guard cheered and waved their arms in the air, as Aeka, Tenchi, Ryoko and Tanaki collapsed on the ground, completely exhausted. 
"Man that was tiring. I think I preferred fighting Aeka."
"And just what was that supposed to mean?"
"Nothing. Just that our fights never lasted that long."
"I see."
"That's 'cos you folded so fast."
"I beg your pardon?"
"Your heard me."
"Ha. You're the lazy one. Getting a little tubby aren't we?"
Aeka poked at Ryoko's stomach.
"Hey get off. I'm not fat am I Tenchi?"
Tenchi stood up. "Leave me out of this one."
Aeka grinned. "Guess that's a yes."
"Watch it princess, your getting mighty close to the line."
"Ohh, and what are you going to do about it, tubby?"
"Why you..."
"Time we were getting out of here Tanaki."
The two got up and moved rapidly towards the palace as sparks began to fly. 
From the window Sasami watched her sister and Ryoko taking pot shots at each other.
"Not again," she said shaking her head.
A crowd formed around the two girls, the scrap degenerating into a cat-fight, each pulling hair, unsure as to what to do. They were sworn to protect their future Empress, but was unsure how to proceed. Aeka didn't really seem to be in any real danger anyway, so they just sat back. Without warning a black hole appeared above the two, just before gallons of water splashed down onto them.
A portal appeared next to the drenched pair as Washuu and Sasami stepped out.
"A present from Sasami," smiled Washuu.
Sasami frowned at the two saturated girls, and wagged a finger accusingly at them.
"I am very disappointed with both of you. Fighting in front of all these people."
The two stared at the floor, feeling a little embarrassed, slightly ashamed and very wet indeed.

Tenchi and Washuu stood beside Tanaki as he passed the data pad to the Emperor.
"This is the go-between that has been hiring these assassins. His name is apparently Fuchitami."
The Emperor looked at the pad, but didn't recognize him.
Tanaki continued. "We need to find this man, and try to use him to locate the person who is trying to take your throne."
The Emperor nodded. "I shall set to it immediately." He passed the pad to a courtier.
"Find this man, but no more."
"Yes sire."
"Until we find this man, we have no further leads, so I shall overlook the repair to the palace and its grounds."
Tenchi bowed. "If it pleases his Highness, I should also like to stay, to help Tanaki, or with any other tasks you would see fit."
The Emperor smiled. "You and your friends have done more to protect my family than most of the 5000 men in my garrison. Take this time to relax. That is a direct command, Tanaki."
"I hear and obey."

Ryoko and Tenchi sat on the steps to the palace and gazed at the sky. It had been a month since they had eliminated Karigato. Aeka was away on official business and Mihoshi and Kiyone had temporarily returned to Galaxy Police HQ to file their reports. 
Ryoko turned to Tenchi.
"I'm bored. Wanna go stir up some trouble?"
"No, Ryoko. You've been accepted here. Sort of. Don't go and blow it."
Ryoko sulked. "You're no fun. I know, how about we go elsewhere?"
"Like where?"
"That space station. There's always trouble going on there. A little more won't make any difference."
"What do you mean by trouble?"
Ryoko smiled, evilly. "You'll see."
Minutes later Ryo Ohki soared through the stratosphere, as Tenchi gazed longingly through a window at the planet. 
Ryoko turned to him. "You'll see your precious Aeka soon enough," she said irritably.
"It's not that. I'm famished. And Sasami said she'd cook for me."

An hour later Ryo Ohki soared through the stratosphere again, this time carrying five people. 
When Sasami had heard about the little expedition of mischief she *insisted* on coming. Tanaki considered it his duty to escort the princess. And Washuu wanted a change of scenery.

Ryo Ohki pulled into the dock, and the five friends disembarked. Sasami eyes widened as she took in the strange new environment. The group started walking around as Ryoko kept an eye open for anyone who owed her anything. It was a strange sight; Ryoko in her cyan and yellow dress, Washuu in her science academy uniform, Tanaki sporting his full Jurian battle armour complete with cloak, Tenchi in jeans and a baseball jacket and Sasami in her green and pink dress. The misfits received a lot of funny looks as they toured the run down establishment. 
"When are we going to so some pirating Ryoko?" inquired Sasami.
"Just as soon as we find someone who owes me. Then we can do some pirating."
The princess nodded.
Tanaki turned to Tenchi and Washuu. "I'm not sure I'm happy letting Sasami loose on a station such as this."
Tenchi nodded in agreement. "Even with the four of us, this looks like a very dangerous place."
"You two are like a pair of old housewives, always worrying." Washuu shook her head. "Don't worry, I've got such the thing."
She reached into subspace and pulled out a headband.
Tanaki shifted nervously. "That's not going to make her grow is it?"
"Nah. It's a electric field generator. Acts like Aeka's Jurian force field. Sasami, would you come over here please."
The young girl obliged and skipped over to Washuu.
"I want you to wear this while we're on the station."
She placed the headband on Sasami, who adjusted it, and then ran off to find Ryoko.
Ryoko had turned the corner, only to be confronted by a large group of angry traders, pirates and general space trash.  At the front of the group was Gembatu.
"We don't want your type here, Ryoko."
Ryoko folded her arms and smiled. "Oh, and what if I want to stay?"
Gembatu faltered slightly at the space pirate's confidence.
"Then we'll remove you."
The others turned the corner to see Ryoko facing off with the mob.
"Oh, no." groaned Tenchi. 
Sasami ran up to Ryoko and tugged at her dress.
"Are you gonna fight some space pirates?"
"I am space pirates."
"Some other space pirates."
"Oh. If you want."
The angry  mob watched the conversation between the space pirate and the sweet little girl, not entirely sure what to make of it.
"Ok, Sasami, what do you want me to do? I could just blow them up, but that's a little clich."
"Use this."
Ryoko turned to her right, to see a giant inflatable hammer.
"Are you serious?" 
Washuu smiled. "Go on. It'll be funny."
Sasami grinned. "Go on Ryoko."
Ryoko shrugged, took the inflatable toy and walked up to Gembatu, who just stared at her. She stopped, and then began laying into him with the hammer.
"Stop, stop that. Hey, cut it, cut it out."
The entire station seemed to stop to watch the comical scene; one of the most feared space pirates in the galaxy clubbing a small man relentlessly with a large inflatable hammer. Sasami was on the floor laughing, while even Tanaki managed a grin.
Gembatu wasn't enjoying the humiliation of being beaten with a toy, and Ryoko's blows were less than comfortable. He pulled his pistol and shot, the hammer exploding with a large bang.
Sasami walked up to the mob, with a look that was half way between disappointment and annoyance. 
Gembatu saw his chance. He lunged at the small girl, intending on taking her as a hostage. However as soon as he touched her an electric current arced through him throwing him to the ground.
Sasami touched her headband before an wicked grin spread across her face. She ambled over to Gembatu who was lying on the floor.
"You're mean," she said, and touched him on the nose. For a second time electricity crackled as he was thrown back by a second shock. He lay there, visibly smoking.
Ryoko had returned to the other three friend, and they watched the small girl walking around the mob, dispensing shocks. 
Tenchi shook his head, with a worried look on his face.
"What have we done to her? What's she going to be like when she's older?" he asked, amid screams, crackles and a little girls giggles.
Ryoko shrugged. "I dunno, but I reckon she'll be much more fun than her sister is."
The other nodded, as they watched the mob rapidly disperse. Sasami returned, smiling.
"That was fun!" she exclaimed.
Washuu looked up at the poor victims of Sasami's 'fun', as they staggered about in a dazed state.
"I think we've outstayed out welcome. Let's get going."
Tanaki turned to Sasami. "You know, you're not as sweet as you look."
She pulled a face and poked him, disappointed that nothing happened.
"It won't work on us Sasami," Washuu pointed out.
Sasami put on her sad face. 
"Boo."

Sasami watched the space station become progressively smaller as Ryo Ohki sped into deep space.
"Are we going to do some real pirating now Ryoko?" asked Sasami.
"What do you mean by real pirating?"
"You know, getting some pirate treasure and stuff like that."
Ryoko thought for a while. "There's a shipping route not far from here..."
Tanaki shot a look at her. "We're *not* doing anything illegal now, are we?"
"I know this guy, he owes me. It's common practice to take something from someone who owes you, just as long as you don't take more than you're owed."
Tanaki still wasn't swayed. 
"Look, I'm not going to blow anything up, or anything like that. I'll just take a few bits and bobs, he'll hardly notice they're gone."
"Alright," said Tanaki, begrudgingly, "but try to keep it sensible."
Ryoko nodded, and plotted a new course.

The friends watched as the transport freighter stopped before them. Ryoko hailed the ship.
"Hi, just you're friendly space pirate here. This is one of Yashima's transports isn't it?"
The Captain of the transport nodded nervously.
"Good. Yashima still owes me for a little job I did for him some time ago, so I'm sure he won't mind if I take my pay from your cargo."
"Take it, take it all."
Ryoko smiled and shook her head. "It wasn't that big a debt. Ryo Ohki, transport some of the cargo on board."
The cabbit/ship miya'd as two boxes appeared on the bridge floor.
"Ok, you can go."
"That's it?"
"Yup."
The freighter Captain didn't need telling twice. The ship maneuvered around Ryo Ohki, and went to warp as Sasami inspected her new treasure. She open a box a pulled out a metal cylinder.
"What is it?"
Washuu stepped up and examined the object. "Some sort of industrial component. I wouldn't care to guess what it does though."
"Cool." Sasami took a closer look at her prize, before putting it carefully back in the box.
"What's next Ryoko?"
Ryoko put her chin in her hand a thought. "I know, there's another guy, I saved an entire shipment of, something. He said if he could do anything to repay him, I'd only need to ask. Let's go pay him a visit."
Ryo Ohki sped off again, continuing the hunt for bounty.

It had been a long, but enjoyable day. Sasami lay asleep in a chair, surrounded by her 'plunder'. Two boxes of gizmos, a barrel of ale, a selection of clothes and silks, a wardrobe and some canisters of spices. As Tenchi watched the little princess sleep, he felt a warm pleasant feeling in his chest. She seemed to fill some void in him, although what exactly he didn't know. All he knew was that her presence was, comfortable. That was the best way he could explain it. Comfortable. 
He looked around. She seemed to be the focus of everyone's attention. 
"It's not going to be the same, when she all grown up," said Washuu, a hint of sadness mixed with disappointment in her voice.
Tenchi nodded. "In some ways I hope she'll never grow up. But I don't think that would be fair on her."
Tanaki smiled, and remembered his promise to her.
Ryoko glanced at the display. "We should be back on Jurai in an hour."
She looked out of the window as countless stars passed before her, as the friends returned to Sasami's homeworld feeling a little more lethargic than when they had left.

Chapter 6: Roots of Treason.

"We've found him."
The courtier passed the data pad to Tanaki. 
"He's a messenger for several members of the counsel, and a friend of various important members of the military. He wasn't difficult to find."
"I trust he does not know we were looking for him."
"The utmost discretion was taken during the operation."
Tanaki nodded. "Good work. I shall take it from here."
The courtier bowed and moved away.
With the Emperor away, Tanaki was in sole charge of uncovering the person who was using Fuchitami as their go-between. He arranged a meeting with the others, as well as some of his military guard.
"He lives in the Shinto province, so we'll need an excuse to pay the area a visit."
"I could go and see the provincial governor, as part of my official tour," suggested Aeka.
"Perfect. Right, that'll be our front. However we still need to find this man and find out who he's working with. Ryoko, I reckon you're the best person for the job."
She stared skeptically at Tanaki. "Why me?"
"We need someone who can disappear quickly if spotted. Seeing as you can teleport and walk through walls, I think you're ideal for the job."
"What'll the others be doing while I'm shadowing this guy?"
"They'll have to follow Aeka around, as the governor shows her his province."
Ryoko shrugged. "I don't know if I've got the short straw or not."
"You haven't, trust me. Our man lives in one of the dullest parts of Jurai. Scenic, but nevertheless dull."
The faces of several others in the room fell.
"Ok folks, we depart tomorrow. Washuu, do you have those listening devices I asked for."
Washuu smiled. "Sort of. Don't worry what I've designed will work better."
"I had a feeling it might. You'll brief Ryoko."
"Of course."
"Good. We depart tomorrow."

"Goodnight, Aeka."
"Goodnight, Sasami."
She watched her younger sister enter her bedroom and close the door behind her. She entered her own room, yawning as she did. She had been conducting official visits ever since they had defeated Karigato. Her room was dark, and she fumbled her way to her bed, collapsing upon it exhausted. Aeka screamed as she fell on someone. The someone groaned in pain. Aeka got up and turned on the lights, her forcefield already active.
"Tenchi?!"
Tenchi was curled up, clutching his groin. All he could manage was a nod.
"What were you doing in my room?" she demanded, a little irate.
"I haven't seen you for so long. I thought it would be a nice surprise. I'm sorry, I should have just knocked like everyone else. I'm sorry, I scared you."
He lay on the bed for a while, before making an attempt to leave.
He staggered past Aeka, still bent double. 
"Goodnight Aeka. I'm sorry if I startled you."
By now the shock had worn off, and Aeka was genuinely concerned.
She bent down beside him. "Are you alright?"
Winced while nodding. "I'm fine. You sort of elbow-dropped me where, where you really shouldn't elbow-drop. I'll be ok."
Aeka guided Tenchi back to the bed, and sat him down.
"Would you like me to take a look?" she asked.
"NO!"
Aeka was a little taken aback at the outburst.
"Look, I'm sorry Aeka, but I'm not sure I'm comfortable with you looking, down there."
Suddenly Aeka realized what she had asked of him. She blushed violently.
"Oh, I'm so sorry Tenchi. I didn't mean it like that. I was only concerned..."
"Whether I could still father our children?" He smiled, however the look on Aeka's face was one of absolute shock.
"Our, our children?" she stammered.
"I'm being a little optimistic aren't I?"
Aeka was still in shock. Children. Family. Marriage.
"Then you'd be willing to marry me?"
"No, I was actually thinking of stealing you away to some remote planet, and raising a family there, just the two of us. Of course I'd be willing to marry you."
"Sometime in the future, of course," he added.
Tenchi looked at Aeka, trying to decipher her feelings from her expression.
Aeka had no problems understanding how she felt. She felt complete. Her life was falling into place before her; Empress of Jurai, with Tenchi by her side. And children. She had never really given that much thought, but she began to warm to the idea. 
"Aeka? Are you alright? Shouldn't I have said that?"
"I had often dreamed about my future, who I should marry, and whether I would be happy."
"Why shouldn't you be?"
"You should know that normally I would be expected to marry a Prince from another kingdom, that would result in the uniting of the two powers, thus making Jurai stronger."
"Even if you didn't love the Prince."
Aeka nodded. "But I could never do that now. "
"But what about your father?"
"Even if it meant going against his judgement..."
"Now wait one minute Aeka. Part of the 'me loving you' bit is about caring about you. And the last thing I want to do is come between you and your family."
"Even if it meant losing me?"
Tenchi's head drooped. "Your welfare is more important to me than my own. If I have to leave you so that you may continue your life normally, as it would have been, then so be it."
"But what about me? I don't want to lose you. By leaving me you would be hurting me, more than I can possibly imagine."
Aeka began to think about a world without her Tenchi. Tears began to well in her eyes, and trickle down her face.
"I can't live without you. I can't."

'This isn't going to be easy Tenchi. You're going to have to play it carefully here on in.'

Tenchi moved to console his sobbing fianc. He put his arms around her, and held her head against his shoulder. 
"I will do everything I can to make you happy, Aeka."
"Then all I ask is that you never leave me."
The two shut their eyes and wondered about their future, comfortable for now in the arms of the person they loved.

Aeka's convoy was massive. Nearly a dozen transports we to carry and accompany the princess on her tour. Tenchi couldn't believe his eyes.
"Not even Aeka has enough clothes to warrant *this* number of, of..."
He struggled to finish his sentence. He wasn't entirely sure what to call the vehicles that hovered before him.
"They're just known as The Imperial Carriage."
Tenchi frowned. "What, all of them? The Imperial Carriage? "
"That's right," said Tanaki, nodding" A long time ago it only used to be a single carriage. As time progressed other vehicles were needed to carry clothes, advisors, that sort of thing."
"I see."
Tanaki pointed to the largest 'carriage'. "That's the one Aeka and Sasami will be travelling on."
"Where will you be?"
"Strictly speaking I don't have a carriage to my own. As Captain of the Guard, and head of operations, I'll need to be generally mobile."
"Where will the rest of us be?"
"Let's see." Tanaki pulled a data pad from phased space. 
"Ryoko and Washuu are in, that one." He pointed to a large, new-looking craft beside the Imperial Carriage. "Mihoshi and Kiyone will be in a similar one, you can't see it, it's on the opposite side of the Imperial Carriage."
"And me?"
"Her highness has requested that you travel with her."
"Sort of saw that one coming."
"Don't worry, you're free to move between carriages. You'll just be sleeping with Aeka. I mean, on the same carriage. I'm sorry."
Tenchi smiled. "I'm not that far yet. Probably won't get that far until we're married. And goodness knows if, never mind when, that will be." 
"Marriage hey?"
"Is something wrong with that?" asked Tenchi, pretending to be hurt.
"I just didn't think you were the commitment type. Not this early in."
"Nor did I," replied Tenchi, a faraway look in his eyes.
"You must really love her."
"I do."
"Then I ask but one thing."
"What's that?"
"I get to be best man."
Tenchi laughed. "Deal."
Tanaki moved off to inspect the rest of the convoy. "I'll hold you to that!" he called back.
Tenchi waved and went off to try to find someone else to talk to.
He practically walked into Ryoko.
"Wedding bells, hey?" she asked, trying her best to hide her pain and disappointment.
"Not just yet. I'm still only 17, and I've got university to get through."
"Don't suppose there's a best woman is there?"
"No, but I tell you what. I'll make you one anyway. Unless you want to be a bridesmaid."
Ryoko stuck her tongue out at the idea. "No thanks."
"And if we have kids, you can be their godmother. How about that?"
Ryoko's eyes lit up. "Really?"
"Can't think of anyone better. Well perhaps Washuu, but I think I'd prefer you. Just as long as you don't go teaching them how to be pirates, and blow stuff up."
"Of course not. Thank you Tenchi."
"Told you I considered you family. You will be if you become a godparent."
"Ryoko!"
The two turned to see Washuu waving from their transport.
"Gotta go. Thanks Tenchi, that would mean a lot to me."
"And me."
She hugged him then flew off.

'All these promises. All revolving around marriage. Are you sure you're up to this? It's a big step.'
'Of course I am. I love Aeka. I want to marry her, when the time is right.'
'Oh, and when will that be? After university? After you get a job?'
'Perhaps.'
'And what of Aeka during all of this? Where does she fit in?'
'She's not Empress yet. And hopefully if we sort this assassin thing out, she won't be within the next four years.'
'You expect her to sit around and wait for you while you get your qualifications? Is that fair?'
'I shall have to sit around when she is Empress.'
'That's a rather selfish attitude. She must wait because you must.'
'She's waited this far. And that was before I loved her.'

Tenchi sighed. This marriage thing was going to prove a difficult problem at best. He put it to one side. One thing was definite. It wouldn't happen for a while. He hoped.

Tenchi leant upon the protective barrier on the Imperial carriage, watching the picturesque countryside pass before him. The transports may have been big, but they sure were fast. He sighed as the wind blew through his short hair, a refreshing feeling. He turned to see Sasami join him. The little girl's view was less than impressive, as she struggled to see over the barrier. Tenchi smiled and lifted her onto his shoulder, before taking a step back, to be on the safe side. He didn't want to drop her over the edge at this sort of speed.
"Cool!" exclaimed the princess as she watched from her vantage sight.
"We're going pretty fast, aren't we?"
"Yeah, but it's still gonna take us two days to get there," she said, sighing.
"Cheer up. Want to go visit Ryoko and Ryo Ohki?"
"Sure. I wanna stay up here though."
Tenchi was a little dubious about walking around with Sasami in his shoulders, but he soon overcame it.
"Let's go."
Sasami cheered and waved her hands in the air as Tenchi carefully made his way to the transporter, which teleported them to Ryoko's carriage. Tenchi knocked on her door.
"Come in."
Tenchi attempted to walk through the doorway, before a clenched fist banged heavily on his head.
"Oops, sorry. Forgot you were up there."
He ducked down, and passed Sasami through the doorway first, avoiding any head-bumping accidents.
"Hiya!" chimed Sasami, waving down to Ryoko.
Ryoko was sat in a middle of wires and bits of machine, both assembled and disassembled.
"Hi. Sorry about the mess, Washuu's trying to get me kitted out for my operation."
Tenchi knelt down and let Sasami disembark. She ran over to the equipment and bent over to examine it more closely.
"Careful with that Sasami, it could give you a nasty shock,"
She backed away from the offending wires and doodars that littered the floor as Washuu came in.
"What does all this stuff do?" asked Tenchi.
"Not much if it stays like this." She snatched a rod from Ryoko and knocked around the head with another.
"And it's not going to be doing much if Ryoko doesn't leave it alone."
Ryoko frowned and rubbed her head, before sticking her tongue out at the scientist.
"What's it supposed to do?"
"When it's finished, they'll be bugs and listening devices which hopefully Ryoko will be able to plant around our friend's house and person. Provided she doesn't mess things up. "
Ryoko made another face and got up.
"I'm off if you're going to be like that."
She got up and turned as Washuu picked up a wire and touched Ryoko with it. A spark flew as Ryoko lit up, electricity sparking from her. Washuu retracted the wire, as Ryoko stood there, smoking.
"Be a little more respectful to your mother," commented Washuu.
"Humph."
The three left Washuu to her work, Sasami and Tenchi trying to stifle giggles.

Tenchi opened his eyes and yawned. Despite being on aboard a huge behemoth of a transport travelling at goodness knows what speed, his room was surprisingly quiet and peaceful. He got out of bed and changed, before stepping outside. It was early morning, and he leant against the railings as he watched the Jurian sun emerging from the horizon, warming the countryside with its orange glow. Tenchi suddenly realized the convoy was slowing. He decided to find out what the problem was, they weren't due to arrive until late that evening.
He spotted Tanaki on another transport. Tenchi transported over to find Tanaki dressed in full battle armour, carrying a bouquet of flowers and an item that could be best described as a wreath.
"Why are we stopping, is there a problem?" asked Tenchi.
"No. It's just that I need to make a stop here." He turned to look at a small rural village outside which the convoy had stopped.
Tenchi looked at the wreath, and then at Tanaki. It was clear what he was here for.
Tanaki answered the question that Tenchi's look had asked.
"Yes, I'm here to pay respects to a fallen friend, and his family. You are welcome to join me."
"Are you sure? Isn't this a private matter?"
"I'm sure he wouldn't mind."
"Ok, let me change first though."
Tenchi ran off, reappearing minutes later in his battle armour.
"Best be appropriately dress for the occasion."
Tanaki nodded. "Thank you."
The two disembarked, and made their way to village, that seemed disproportionate when compared to the huge convoy that was just next to it.
Tanaki approached a small house and knocked on the door. A women answered.
"Lord Tanaki?" she asked, surprise clearly showing in her voice.
He nodded. "Hello Miasoko. I hope we're not intruding."
"Not at all, not at all. Please come in."
Tanaki and Tenchi entered the small house. It was incredible humble when compared to the splendid regalia that was the Imperial Palace, a small wooden table in the middle of what was a living room and a kitchen.
"We have guests," called Miasoko.
She gestured to the chairs, but Tanaki shook his head and waved his hand.
"I fear we cannot stay long, we are escorting her highnesses princess Aeka and Sasami.
Miasoko nodded, slightly disappointed. 
"Where are my manners? I should like you to meet Lord Tenchi, a good friend and Fianc of princess Aeka."
Tenchi bowed and blushed. "Pleased to meet you."
Miasoko smiled. "Two Lords? You honor us with your presence."
A tall man entered the room, a small girl beside him.
"Tanaki! How are you?"
"In good health, sir. And yourself?"
"I can't complain."
Tenchi offered the flowers he was holding towards Miasoko. 
"I believe these are for you."
She accepted them, as a saddened look washed across her face.
"It was good of you to come, Tanaki."
"The honor is all mine. However I came to tell you that your son can now rest in peace. His death has avenged. I only wish it could be of more comfort."
"Thank you Tanaki. He would be proud to be called your friend."
The room was silent for a few seconds, before the young girl spoke.
"I want to see the Emperor."
Miasoko turned to her child.
"Samitori, do not speak to your elders like that. I apologize, she has a lot to learn."
Tanaki smiled. "Think nothing of it. She has good teachers. If you will excuse us."
They said their farewells and left the house. Tenchi followed Tanaki to a large tree, beneath which was a transparent headstone, in which was the hilt of a sword. Tenchi bowed his head in respect as Tanaki knelt down and placed the wreath on the grave of his fallen comrade.
"I have avenged your death, Natsurami. Rest well, my friend, rest well, and I shall see you in the next life."
He closed his eyes and bowed his head, as single tear fell from his eye onto the ground. 
A somber atmosphere of sadness filled the air, before Tanaki stood up, his arm across his chest. He bowed once more before the two returned to the convoy, neither one saying anything.

Later that evening the convoy arrived at the provincial capital. Aeka disembarked with her officials, flanked on either side by Tenchi and Tanaki. The provincial governor walked up to greet the princess, flanked by his own staff. The bowed before her.
"I am greatly honored by your decision to visit my province, Princess Aeka."
She nodded, but said nothing.
"If you should like to follow me, I shall commence your royal tour of our humble home town."
He gestured to a large white building beside them. A purple carpet led up to the elegant wooden doors, and the envoy followed the provincial governor into the hall. 

Meanwhile Ryoko had slipped away from the gathering, and was making her way to Fuchitami's house. She was dressed in normal Jurian clothing, with her hair styled in a more conservative manner, to avoid unnecessary attention. Nobody paid any attention to her, as she wove in and out of the towns allies, carrying a bag full of Washuu's listening devices, bugs and other pieces of equipment. 

The provincial hall was immense. Tenchi wondered why a town so small sported such a large building. Tall marble white pillars flanked an impressively long red carpet, which led to a semi circle of chairs, where the provincial council sat. The walls were interjected by large stained windows, Jurian artworks and a whole host of ancient weaponry and armour. The governor walked beside the Princess, proudly pointing out his most prized artifacts to her as they moved down the center of the hall.
Behind them walked Tanaki and Tenchi, and behind them was Sasami and her 'minders', who just happened to be Kiyone, Washuu and Mihoshi. Further back were a handful of guards, that followed at a respectable distance. 
Mihoshi yawned audibly as she ambled alongside Sasami.
"Do you have to do this often?" she whispered, none too subtly.
Sasami nodded.
"You poor thing! This is so dull..."
She was cut off mid sentence by a particularly sharp dig in the ribs, courtesy of Kiyone.
"Be quite Mihoshi," she growled.
Sasami sighed. She knew better than to complain, but Mihoshi was right; she did find these 'official' visits tedious, especially for girl as vibrant and active as she was. 
"Cheer up, kid," whispered Washuu. "It'll be over soon, then I'll fix us up some ice cream or something."
She winked at the little girl, who smiled back, feeling a little better. 
Suddenly there was a loud humming noise seconds before two huge creatures materialized in front of Aeka and the governor. The monstrosities were ten feet tall, resembling a bear/lizard hybrid. Each sported vicious claws and huge fangs, their bodies gleaming and glistening with chitinous armoured plating. They stood erect on their hind legs, growling dangerously. The governor drew his sword as Tenchi and Tanaki ran between the beasts and Aeka. Sasami suddenly found herself shadowed by her minders, as the guard ran forward to protect their future Empress.
One of the animals lunged forward, swinging an enormous club-like paw at the governor. He deflected the blow, but was knocked backwards by the force of the blow. Tenchi confronted the second beast, his sword's blade shining light around the monster's body. It swung out as Tenchi attacked, knocking the sword from his hands. It swung its other claw, catching Tenchi by surprise. He tried to dodge, but wasn't fast enough. The enormous claw dredged across Tenchi's chest, cutting through his armour leaving deep gouges in his torso, as he was flung across the room. He cried out in pain, before hitting the floor hard, knocking him unconscious. Aeka screamed his name, as she tried to get to him, but was held back but Tanaki. He reached down to the governor and teleported both of them away from the ferocious creatures. By now the guards had opened fire on the beast, but to no avail. The gunfire merely deflected off the animals' carapace, and only served to further madden them. 
Tanaki passed an inconsolable Aeka to Kiyone.
"Whatever you do, don't let her try to get to Tenchi. She'll get herself killed."
Kiyone frowned at him. "And what are you going to do?"
"My job." With that her turned and ran to confront the two beasts that were beginning to close on them.
Sasami turned to Washuu, who was busy typing on her keyboard.
"You gotta help Tenchi!" she cried, "he's hurt real bad."
She looked over to where Tenchi lay, blood beginning trickle onto the floor. 
Washuu bit her lip. "I'm working on it, Sasami, we'll get him out of there."
On the monitor before her was a schematic model of the monsters that had attacked them, showing its basic physiology. Her eyes flicked across the screen and her fingers darted on her keyboard as she quickly began to analyse the animals anatomy.
Kiyone was having difficulty restraining Aeka. She was threatening to activate her forcefield to get free of Kiyone, and even without it, she was putting up more of a struggle than Kiyone was comfortable with. 
"Please Aeka, stay here," Kiyone pleaded.
"I have to help Tenchi. He'll die if I don't!" sobbed Aeka, tears streaming down her face, as she watched her loved one lying on the floor. 
"Let Tanaki and Washuu deal with it, please. They'll get him out of there. If you go in, your entire guard will go in after you, and they're no match for those creatures You'll get them killed, as well as yourself. Please Aeka, stay here."
Aeka looked again at where Tenchi lay, the frustration of not being able to help him nearly unbearable. She watched as Tanaki engaged both beasts, one side arm emitting a dull glowing shield, while the other shone brightly as it emitted a psi blade. He parried with the creatures, trying to block the powerful blows with his shield, occasionally countering with his psi blade. However he was completely outmatched; despite the creatures great size they were surprising fast, and their armour was sufficient to deflect even the concentrated energy of the psi blade. He backflipped, narrowly missing the arcing claw of one of the monstrosities, and paused to catch his breath. Bleeding from a dozen cuts and wounds, he knelt watching, waiting for the next move. He was beginning to worry, he was getting tired, and wasn't able to wound the beasts that towered before him. 
Washuu was impressed. Whoever had transported these creatures in had certainly picked the right tools for the job. She could find no effective form of gas that wouldn't be lethal to the rest of the people in the hall, and the creatures were resilient enough to take any punishment that she could deal to them, without bringing the roof down around them. She smiled and tapped a few keys on her keyboard. Everyone turned to see a large portal appeared beside Washuu, and were surprised to see snow being blown out of it. 
"Brace yourselves people, it's gonna get quite chilly in here."
The snow began to settle at the foot of the portal as an evilly cold wind blew into the hall. Sasami began to shiver, and huddled next to her sister for warmth.
"What are you doing Washuu?" asked Kiyone, beginning to feel the cold herself. "Trying to freeze us all to death?"
"No, just them."
She pointed to the creatures, who were beginning to back away.
"They have a very similar physiology to lizards. Essentially warm blooded, but much more susceptible to the cold that normal warm blooded creatures like us, more so even than cold blooded creatures."
Tanaki watched in amazement as the bodies of the monsters went blue, just before one collapsed. The second one seemed to pause, before falling beside the first one.
Kiyone sighed in relief. "You shut that portal now Washuu."
She nodded as the portal collapsed. 
Aeka ran over to Tenchi, cradling his head in her lap. The other ran over as Washuu inspected his wounds. She frowned and shook her head.
"We better get him back to the convoy, or he's not going to make it."
Aeka started sobbing again, as Tanaki bent down and picked him up.
"Better take me along too," said Washuu. He nodded.
"Transport, three to the medical carriage." There was a flash as they vanished, leaving the others in a somber state of shock.

Washuu came out of the theatre where she had been operating on Tenchi. It had been a while since she had tried her hands at medicine, but she was grateful she wasn't too rusty. Aeka stood up and asked the inevitable question.
"How is he?" Her voice was meek and quite, trembling with anticipation of the answer.
Washuu sighed. "He's not out of the woods yet. That blow caused some serious damage, he's broken four ribs, and had massive internal bleeding. I've stabilized his condition, but there are still some complications."
Aeka's face was pale, drained of life and drowned in worry. Her eyes were red from crying, and she felt physically weak. Washuu tried to cheer her up a little.
"Look, I promise you he'll be fine. He's got the best surgeon in the universe attending to him. I'll have him back on his feet before you know it. In the meantime, try to remember why we came her in the first place. Get some rest."
Aeka nodded slowly, and retired to her room, while Washuu returned to her patient, determined to keep her promise.
Tanaki lay in his front on his bed, as Sasami tended to his wounds. He winced as she applied some lotion to a deep cut. 
"I thought you were supposed to strong and brave. That shouldn't hurt."
She applied more cream as Tanaki did his best not to react.
"Do you think Tenchi will alright?" she asked.
"He's stronger than everyone gives him credit for. He'll pull through."
"How do you know that?"
"Guy thing."
"Oh."
He stared at the wall as Sasami started bandaging him up.

'Come on Tenchi, don't let me down. I don't want to lose another friend.'

"All finished."
Tanaki sat up, still feeling a little battered.
"Thank you Sasami."
Sasami didn't hear him. She had a faraway look on her face. It wasn't difficult to figure out what it was she was thinking of.
He got up and gave the princess a hug.
"Don't worry, he's in good hands."
Sasami closed her eyes and hugged Tanaki back. Hugging him gave her a warm feeling, and somehow made her feel that everything would be alright. 

"Is he alright? Can I see him?"
"Calm down, he's going to be fine."
"I want to see him."
Kiyone shook her head. "Washuu's not letting anyone see him. He's still very weak, she says she doesn't want to risk infection."
Ryoko sighed and sat down. "I should have been there."
"There was no way you could have stopped it."
Ryoko scowled at her. "How do you know that?" she snapped.
Even though she knew Ryoko was upset, there no way she would put up with this.
"Were you there? Did you see what happened? It wasn't as if he was attacked and we all stood back and watched him get hurt. It was a split second thing, no one could have stopped. Not even you."
"I would have tried to do *something*."
Kiyone snorted cynically. "Yeah, and that something would probably have ended up hurting someone."
"What are you saying?"
"I'm saying that you act on impulse without thinking."
Kiyone stared at Ryoko, waiting for a response.
Ryoko stared back before and vanishing.

Washuu sat in her room, taking a well earned rest. She had worked none stop to save Tenchi's life, and was absolutely drained. Not that she wouldn't do it again. In front of her several machines whirred away, recording every word, every sound that was spoken in Fuchitami's house. She was going to get this bastard before he could do any more damage.

A week passed, with no hint to as to who Fuchitami was working for. None of the bugs picked up any suspicious conversations, so Washuu prepared her next phase.
Tanaki stared at the large contraption that hovered in front of him.
"What is it?"
"It's a bug. A very large one that'll follow Fuchitami about and listen to *everything* he says."
"A little conspicuous, isn't it?"
Tanaki winced as Washuu's keyboard hit him square on the head.
"Don't be stupid. It'll be hidden in subspace."
"I see."
"However that is not all we'll be doing. We need some bait."
"Go on."
"If we're going to discover who this guy is working for, we need him to make a move. A public royal tour in the open should do it. Of course we'll take precautions."
Tanaki thought for a while. "After last time, I think a *lot* of precautions are required."
Washuu nodded. "I don't think anyone wants to go through that again."

There was a knock at the door.
"Come in."
The door opened slowly, pushed open with the base of a crutch. Tenchi hobbled into the room as Ryoko flew over to greet him."
"Tenchi!" she said, moving to hug him. Tenchi waved a crutch in her way.
"Sorry Ryoko, not touching. Not unless you want to see me in a wheelchair for the next month."
She came round to help Tenchi onto a chair. She smiled.
"It's good to see you Tenchi."
"It's good to see you too Ryoko."
"Has Washuu just let you out?"
"Yup. I've got to take it easy for a while. I'm still a little weak after the ordeal."
"If there's anything you want Tenchi, anything at all."
"Thanks, but all I need is rest."
"You can use my bed."
Tenchi wasn't sure how to interpret that. He decided to test the water, so to speak.
"And where would you sleep?"
"On the floor, in the chair."
"Thank you Ryoko, but my own bed's fine."
"But I want to look after you, keep an eye on you."
"I know, I know. Please try not to worry about me. I'm fine now. If I need anything I'll give you a shout."
"Promise?"
"Promise."
He picked up his crutches and tried to get up. Ryoko teleported behind him and helped him up.
"Are you sure you don't want me to come with you, to help you around."
Tenchi was about to decline the offer, but then decided against it. He had been alone for a week. Admittedly he had been unconscious for most of it, but nevertheless the company would be welcome. And he still wasn't that proficient with his crutches.
"Sure, that would be great."
Ryoko's face lit up. She patiently followed him as he got up and left the room, happy that he had accepted her help.

Their next stop was Sasami's room. Ryoko knock on the door, and the two waited for a reply. It wasn't long until a small blue-haired head appeared around the door. 
"Tenchi!"
She went to hug him, but was stopped by Ryoko.
"He's a little tender Sasami, so I'm afraid you can't touch him."
"Not even a little hug?"
Tenchi shook his head. "Sorry Sasami."
Sasami sighed before smiling. "Oh well. At least you're up and around. I've missed you Tenchi. So has Aeka."
Tenchi frowned. "How is she?"
Sasami sat on her bed and looked at the floor. "She pretends that she's alright. She's getting ready for this trap they're setting for that guy. But I know my sister. When you were hurt she really worried. I mean *really* worried. These walls are pretty thick, but I could still hear her crying. I tried to help but she just told me that everything was alright."
Sasami had an almost depressed look on her face, a tear forming in her eye. Her concern for her sister was as great as it had always been, only now she felt unable to help her anymore. It was as if Aeka had outgrown her sister's compassion, sincere as it was.
Tenchi hobbled over and sat down beside her. Gingerly, her put his arm around her and gave her 'half' a hug. She leant against him, feeling a little better. 
"I'll talk to you sister, don't worry. See if I can take that frown off her face and make her smile a little."
"That would be great," said Sasami.
Tenchi smiled, got up and ruffled the little girl's hair. 
"I really must stop getting injured. It's makes everyone look glum."
"That's because we all care about you, silly. Would you prefer it if we didn't give a damn?"
Ryoko looked at him, wondering what his response would be.
"Of course not. It's just that, well, you worry too much, that's all."
Sasami smiled warmly at him. "We can't help it Tenchi. Everyone likes you so much."
"Thank you, but I'm not sure I deserve all this attention."
"We'll be the judge of that. Now where else did you want to go?"
"Back to my room I think. I'm quite tired."
Ryoko nodded. The two said their goodbyes to Sasami, before Ryoko teleported them both to his room.
"Thanks a lot Ryoko."
Ryoko shrugged. "No problem. I was happy to help, and glad to see that you're alright."
She watched as Tenchi dropped his crutches, and slowly walked towards her. He leant forward and hugged her, albeit quite lightly. 
"I thought you couldn't hug because it hurt."
"The pain's worth it."
She held him in his arms, trying to stop herself crushing the life out of him. A tear of happiness trickled slowly down one cheek, as she wondered what life would have been like if he had chosen her. She quickly dismissed the idea. It wasn't going to happen, at least anytime soon, and besides, her relationship with Tenchi now was unlike anything she had imagined. She had always thought that the only way that anyone could show love was in a physical relationship. This wasn't exactly what she'd call a physical relationship, and yet she felt very close to Tenchi. It gave her a comfortable warm feeling which she liked, she cherished even. It had been tough at times seeing Aeka and Tenchi together, but times like these more than made up for them.
Tenchi released his grip and looked Ryoko in the eyes. 
"I do love you, you do know that."
"As family."
He nodded. "I'm sorry it's not what you wanted..."
She shook her head, a second tear following the path of the first.
"That's because I didn't know about it. True, I would have preferred Aeka's position, but I'm not at all unhappy with what we have. We do have something don't we?"
He smiled and kissed her on the cheek. 
"We do. Goodnight Ryoko."
She began to phase backwards through the door.
"Goodnight Tenchi."

Aeka and Sasami returned to their rooms, having just been told the plan of the next day's operation. Sasami followed behind her sister, biting her lip as she went. Aeka's posture had changed. Once she walked smartly, and air of dignity and pride about her. Now, now it was more of an amble. Sasami desperately wanted to console her sister somehow, but knew she would fail as she had failed before. She sighed and wished that Tenchi would hurry up and talk to her.
"Goodnight Aeka."
Aeka opened her door and stopped in the doorway. 
"Goodnight."

Tenchi sighed. He wasn't supposed to be awake until later that afternoon. Obviously the, whatever it was Washuu had given him wasn't strong enough. He had been lying there for an hour, and despite feeling quite tired, knew that there was no way that he would fall asleep again. He got up and got dress, a little stiff, but a lot better than the previous day. He stood outside, breathed in the fresh air, before going off to try to find somebody. He passed one of the guards on duty.
"Excuse me, do you know were Lord Tanaki, or Princess Aeka is?"
The guard smartly stood to attention. 
"Yes sir. They have gone to a presentation ceremony in the provincial capital."
Tenchi frowned. The capital was a good half hour away from where the convoy was situated.
"Is there any way I can watch it from here?" he asked hopefully.
"Yes sir. The guard control room, first deck sir. That's where all royal visits and functions are monitored from."
"Thank you."
The guard bowed and continued on his way.
Tenchi found the room with little difficulty. The room was full of monitors, several of which displayed the elaborate presentation ceremony. Tenchi watched as Aeka, carrying some sort of sword, slowly walked down the middle of  town's center, towards the governor who sat with his dignitaries. Behind her was Sasami and Tanaki, while on either side were hundreds of Jurians, waving and cheering.
He took a seat and watched the procession, switching between the different views on different monitors.

Sasami was bored. She had been told to stay in her room that day, but she was so very bored, she had to do something. She opened her cupboard and removed a second headband that she had hidden away. She hadn't forgotten Tanaki's promise to her, and was quite happy to 'grow up' without the aid of the headband. but she liked the feeling of being big, so had kept 'acquired' a new headband. She figured that it would make a perfect disguise, allowing her to slip out of her room without any of the guards knowing it was her. She put the headband on, and dressed in some plain clothes, attempting to disguise herself as a maid. She slipped out of the door and went to find Tenchi, who she knew was still on the carriage.

Tenchi watched in horror as he saw Aeka recoil and fall backwards, and then Sasami. The two lay on the floor, blood beginning to pool around their heads. The whole place was in chaos. The crowds were running around screaming, guards ran up to their fallen princess, while Ryoko flew up to the building rooftops to locate the assassins. Tenchi sat, unable to tear his eyes away from the horrendous scene. He just sat, unable to take in all in.
All hell had broken lose on the carriage. Men were running everywhere, not really sure what to do. A disguised Sasami left Tenchi's room, having found it empty. 
"Excuse me, do you know where Lord Tenchi is?" she said to a guard.
The guard was obviously flustered, and in a hurry to be somewhere.
"I believe he is on deck one somewhere. If you'll excuse me ma'am."
He ran off to where ever it was he was heading.
Sasami began her search of deck one, which brought her to the control room. She opened it to see Tenchi sitting on a chair, his head in his hands. She looked up to the screens, to see what looked like her body in a pool of blood. It didn't take long for her to realize that Tenchi hadn't been briefed on the plan. She shut the door behind her, and walked up to Tenchi.
"They're just Washuu's robots Tenchi."
Tenchi raised his head and turned the chair around to face whoever it was had spoken to him. He was surprised to turn around to what looked like Tsunami. 
"We're alright Tenchi. That wasn't really Aeka, just a robot."
"Sasami?"
The tall women nodded. 
"Uh-hu."
He got up and hugged her hard.
"I thought you were dead. I really did."
"We're fine Tenchi. I'll take you Aeka if you like. You two need to cheer each other up."
Tenchi nodded, and the two made their way to Aeka's room.

Ryoko soared above the chaos below her, scanning for the gunman. Her search was ended as a gunshot whistled passed her. She growled, and threw back a ball of burning plasma energy. The rooftop exploded, as Ryoko  dived under a second hail of automatic gunfire. Kiyone saw which building Ryoko was firing at, and ran towards it. She scaled the stairs quickly, Mihoshi close behind her. They burst onto the roof, pistols drawn. The gunman turned and sprayed them with more gunfire, only to find the shots rebound off their personal shields. Mihoshi fired back, her shots flying well past her target. Kiyone fired, her shots finding their target, but rebounding of another field. The gunman open a case beside him, and pulled out a much larger weapon. Kiyone dove to one side, and watched as a rocket sailed over her.
There was a brief flash of light as Tanaki teleported onto the roof behind the assassin. He swung his psi blades at the gunman, who deftly dodged to one side, only to blown backwards by a plasma blast. Seeing that he was completely outmatched, he reached to his belt and pressed a button on it. Ryoko quickly swooped down and lifted Tanaki off the roof, while Mihoshi was pushed down the stairs, Kiyone close behind her. An almighty explosion ripped the top story of the building, raining debris into the streets below. Ryoko flew down and dropped off Tanaki, who ran to help the wounded.
Kiyone exited the building and shook her head.
"No one was supposed to get hurt."
Mihoshi looked around. "Plans don't always go according to plan. I should know."
The two ran into the streets to give what aid they could.

Tenchi knocked on the bedroom door. No answer. Remembering that she was supposed to be dead, he decided to announce himself. 
"Aeka? It's me, Tenchi. Can I see you? I'm alone."
The door slowly opened a little.
Tenchi waited for a while, then decided to enter the room, closing the door behind him. He stood by the door in front of Aeka, who stared back at each other. They stood there, just looking at each other, until Tenchi made his move. He walked forward and hugged her, quite hard.
"I've missed you Aeka."
It took a while for Aeka to respond. 
"I've missed you too."
They hugged while longer, before Tenchi let go and stepped back to face her again.
"Twenty minutes ago I thought I saw you die."
Aeka frowned at him. "You weren't told of the plan where you?"
He shook his head.
"You thought I was dead?"
"For five whole minutes. Then Sasami found me and told me you were ok."
"How? She was told not to leave her room."
"She was in, er, disguise. Don't worry, no guards knew it was her."
He sat on the bed, and looked down at the floor.
"When I saw your double's body hit the floor, I couldn't believe it. I didn't want to believe it. All the things I wanted to say to you, all the things I wanted to do with you, I couldn't anymore. My world seemed to collapse around me."
"I've felt like that all week Tenchi."
He looked at her, distress showing in his eyes.
"I'm sorry Aeka. I only had to cope with it for five minutes. I'm sorry."
He felt really awful. Those five minutes had been like some sort of nightmare for him. If he had to go on any longer without knowing the truth, he didn't know what he would have done. The pain of losing not only Aeka but Sasami too would have been too much for him, he was sure of that.  And yet Aeka had suffered the same for a week, and still continued with her duties.
 "I'm so sorry."
He got up and headed for the door.
He was stopped as Aeka held his arm.
"Just don't do it again please."
"Get killed? I won't if you won't."
He managed a smile, which Aeka returned.
The embraced each other, their pain and suffering at the thought of losing the other greatly eased.
"I want to say all the things to you that I thought I would never have the chance to."
He moved her over to the bed and they sat next to each other.
Tenchi smiled and took her hand.
"I love you Aeka, more than I can possibly express in words or actions. I will do anything for you, you need only to ask I of me."
Tenchi felt a little uncomfortable. Although he meant every word of what he said, he still felt a little embarrassed about saying them, even to Aeka. He looked at her, waiting for a response.
She looked sadly at the floor, and didn't say anything.
Tenchi began to feel anxious.  "Do you still care for me Aeka?" he asked, decidedly worried.
He wasn't sure he wanted an answer, especially after he had just poured his heart out to her.
She smiled. 
"Of course I do."
Tenchi sighed with relief. "Then why do you look so sad? Is it something I've done? Is there something I can do?"
She shook her head.
"I just want to go back to Earth, and live as we did. I don't feel like I'm ready to rule yet. Everything was so much simpler. I thought I missed all of these duties and obligations, but I now realized I was wrong. I just want to go back and be with you, like a normal couple. Going out together, like we did before we left."
"We will, I promise. We have to finish what we started here though."
"I know. If not for me then for Sasami."
Tenchi nodded. "Don't worry, the longer we're out here, the more I'll make it up to you when we get back. Just promise me something."
"What?"
"Try to cheer up. Sasami feels really bad when she sees you like this. So do I."
"Then cheer me up."
He got off the bed and knelt before her.
"What do you ask of me, your highness?"
She smiled. "Your Empress desires to be kissed by her Lord."
"As you command."
She shut her eyes as their lips touched. As she savored the sensation that she had missed so much, a serene feeling of completeness and contentment came over her. Her life suddenly had meaning again. 

"Twelve injured, four critically. No fatalities thank goodness. Except for yourself and your sister that is."
Aeka nodded. "I see. Not perhaps what we had expected. Let us hope it yields the results we wanted."
Tanaki stood up and bowed. "May I remind you that you should not leave your quarters until we return to the capital. I apologize for any inconvenience. If there is anything I can get you..."
"That's quite alright Tanaki, I have everything I need here."
Almost as to prove her point Tenchi walked out of the bathroom.
Tanaki smiled and bowed again.
"I shall keep you informed."
He turned, winked to Tenchi and left.

Sasami lay on her bed reading a comic when she heard a strange buzzing sound. She looked up to see a black portal appear before her. The figure of Ryoko emerged from it.
"Hi there. We figured you would get bored sitting here on your own, so Washuu knocked up this portal to her room. Your free to join us if you want."
Sasami gave a whoop of joy and ran past Ryoko through the portal. She shook her head and followed.
Washuu was in the midst of sieving through all the information she had acquired from the various bugs and listening devices that Ryoko had deposited liberally around their quarry's house. 
"Anything yet?" asked Kiyone, who was sitting in the room with Mihoshi, drinking coffee.
"Not yet, but I assume he must contact his superior sometime about his next orders. I doubt the guy in charge is going to wait for the Emperor to die of old age."
Sasami charged through the portal, Ryoko just behind her.
Washuu turned around to greet her. 
"Hi there Sasami. It's good to see you're safe and well."
Mihoshi nodded. "Yeah, those robots Washuu built were way too realistic." She giggled. " I had to keep asking Kiyone if they were actually robots."
Kiyone's face soured. "I can vouch for that. Every three minutes."
Ryoko turned to one of the surveillance monitors. 
"Who's that?"
The room turned its attention to an elegantly dress man who had entered the house. They watched intently as Washuu boosted the sound.  Fuchitami walked up to greet the man
"I have done as you requested my Lord. The two princesses are dead, as you requested."
The man nodded.
"You have served me well. It took longer than I had anticipated, however the task was by no means and easy one."
"What now my Lord?"
"Now we wait for our Ultarian friends to fulfill their part of the plan."
Fuchitami bowed. 
"As you wish."
The man left the house.
Quickly Washuu pulled a keyboard out of subspace and typed some commands into it. A cloaked surveillance droid began to follow the other Jurian man.
Kiyone frowned. 
"Ultarians? Who are they?"
Washuu thought for a minute. "If I remember correctly, which I normally do, they're a race located not far from the Jurian empire. I believe they have a small border with them."
"They started an unsuccessful war with us several decades ago. Since then they have been very bitter with us, but to date have taken no direct action."
Everyone turned to see Tanaki enter the room.
"Why are we talking about Ultarians?"
"Apparently they have something to do with this coop of ours."
Tanaki watched as Washuu replayed the meeting.
"The question now is this man working for the Ultarians, or are the Ultarians working for this man?"
"I've sent a droid out to try to find out."
"Why don't we just pick them both up?" asked Ryoko.
"If it's just a few Ultarians working for this man, then we will. However if this man is indeed working for the Ultarians, then that may suggest the entire Ultarian Empire. They may not be as powerful as our Empire, but nevertheless."
"What do you think their up to?" asked Kiyone.
Washuu shrugged. "Well, from the data we've gathered thus far, the safest hypothesis would be that the Ultarians eliminate the Emperor, and somehow get this man to power. Then this new Emperor would form some sort of alliance with the Ultarians. Then either he gives them some territories, or uses the Jurian fleet to help the Ultarians capture new territories. That way our new friend achieves the throne, and the Ultarians expand their Empire."
Kiyone shook her head. "But wouldn't everyone be suspicious of this move? Suddenly a new Emperor is chosen, and his first move is ally with an estranged power?"
Tanaki nodded. "That is a good point, however you must remember that the Emperor's rule is practically absolute, and secondly that the war with the Ultarians was a long time ago. I only know of it because it is my duty to learn of threats, past, present and future. Many Jurians wouldn't know a Ultarian if one came up slapped them in the face."
He paused with a sigh, then continued, an air of authority now resounding in his voice.
"Washuu, continue monitoring both of our acquaintances please. Sasami, could you ask your sister to join us, I shall inform the Emperor of what we have found out. The rest of you can take a rest. I think you've earned it after today."
Heads nodded as the friends went about their duties.

Washuu leant back in her chair and sighed. The pieces of the puzzle where beginning to make some sense. She took another sip of her coffee, when she heard a faint buzzing noise. Seconds later a portal appeared in the room, and the figures of Tanaki, Aeka and Tenchi emerged from them.
"Anything?" inquired Tenchi.
"It's making more sense now. Take a seat."
The three did as they were told as Washuu relayed what she knew.
"This is Lord Yamitagi. He's some not exactly what you'd call an important member of the Jurian household, which was confusing. A lot of people would need to die before this guy would get the throne. However this guy is due to marry some other Jurian lady, someone who is in line for the throne."
"What about the Emperor?" asked Tanaki. "So for all attempts to assassinate him have failed, and security around him is even greater than around Aeka and Sasami."
"Did you talk to him?"
Tanaki nodded.
"And did you happen to ask him where he was?"
"No."
"He's having diplomatic talks that are being held on the Ultarian Homeworld."
"You don't think..."
Washuu interrupted him with a shake of her head.
"Not directly anyway. The chances are they've hired a hit man or something. They would risk doing the deed themselves. However being on home turf, so to speak, they could have set things up well before the Emperor had arrived."
"What do we do then?"
Washuu pulled out a disk.
"This little baby has recorded messages of our friend talking about treason for the best part of an hour. And when the Ultarians realize their pawn has been neutralized, I would be very surprised if they went ahead with the assassination. The risk would be immense, and the rewards negligible."
Tanaki got up and bowed. "I thank you Washuu. I think you have just saved the Jurian house from one of the biggest coops it would have ever seen."
"All in a days work for the greatest mind in the universe and her sidekicks."
Aeka frowned at her. "Side kicks?"
Washuu smiled back. "Only kidding. I couldn't have done it without you. Probably."
Tenchi began to lead Aeka out of the room, before Washuu could do anymore damage.
"I'll just be pleased when it's all over. I just want to go home."

Chapter 7: The calm before the storm.

Ryo Ohki sped through space, followed closely by the Yagami. Lord Yamitagi had been arrested, but had managed to escape with the help of some unknown aids. Tanaki had stayed behind to try to identify the jail-breakers, while Sasami and Aeka had also remained behind to attend ceremonies in their honor, mainly to celebrate the fact that they weren't actually killed. The Emperor returned to Jurai without incident. All in all, Tenchi classed the mission as a success. Except for the fact that Aeka wasn't returning with him.
He stared out of a window into the deepness of space, almost pining for his love who was getting further and further away.
Ryoko came and stood next to him.
"You miss her don't you?" she said, a little jealous. 
"I miss all of them Ryoko. But especially Aeka."
He let out a deep sigh. 
"It could have been worse I suppose."
"How?"
He took her hand and looked at her, smiling.
"I've still got you to keep me company. Although I bet as soon as we arrive  you'll be back to your usual chaotic self."
She smiled back and gave him a hug. Despite the painful vice-like embrace Tenchi didn't say anything. Not that he could have, she was squeezing the breath out of him.
Ryoko let go, and Tenchi bent over to try to get his breath back.
She bent over and looked at him apologetically.
"I'm sorry Tenchi, I forget my own strength sometimes."
He shook his head.
"It's alright," he wheezed, "I'll be fine."
He straightened himself up and gazed out of the window again.
"I am worried about one thing Ryoko."
"What?"
"Who's going to cook for us?"

The Masaki chef sat in her room, and gazed out of her window in a similar manner as Tenchi had done so many light years away. She was very bored. For a week, all she seemed to have done was ready for parades and evening meals. It was so dull, listening to old dignitaries talk about unfamiliar and unfunny anecdotes from goodness knows when. There was a knock on the door. She didn't even have Ryo Ohki to play with. 
"Come in," she sighed, expecting a maid to come in and tell her it was time to get ready.
"Sasami?"
She spun round to see Aeka standing in the doorway.
Sasami ran over and gave her sister a hug. Aeka looked down, half happy, half sad. She knew her sister was unhappy here. She was used to all of these formal functions, but Sasami wasn't. Aeka led her sister to the bed and they sat down together.
"Sasami, remember when Tenchi was injured?"
Sasami's head nodded.
"You were worried about me, and tried to comfort me. Although I was rude and said I didn't want your help, I did appreciate your concern. Now I am here for you. I would ask you what the problem was, but I think I know."
"I want to go back to Earth. With Tenchi, and Ryoko."
Aeka looked out of the window.
"So do I Sasami, so do I. But I have obligations here. Obligations that I must fulfill."
She turned to face her sister again. 
"I promise we'll go back to earth soon."
"But when?"
"Soon Sasami. Please be patient."
There was another knock on the door.
"Come in."
Tanaki opened the door and looked at the two princesses.
"Now for what possible reason could you two be looking so glum?" he asked, hand s on hips, a clearly faked bewildered look on his face.
"Could it be something to do with a certain faction leaving for earth perhaps?"
Sasami nodded unhappily.
"Figured this might happen. Pack your things, we're going after them."
Aeka frowned at him.
"We have obligations Lord Tanaki. I would have thought you of all people would know that. We can't just leave whenever it suits us."
"Of course not your highness. But to what obligations do you speak of? Official from today, both of you are considered 'indisposed' and unavailable for any functions, dinners, and ceremonies, by order of the Emperor himself."
Sasami leapt off her bed and began packing, while Aeka sat there, still a little uncertain as to whether she believed the story.
"How? Why?" she stuttered.
"I've noticed your body language, both of you. Sasami's is much easier to read, however your highness, I can read yours as well. This past month has been very stressful for both of you. You have performed your duties without fail, despite the accidents and incidents that have occurred. The Emperor wanted to thank me for my work in uncovering the person behind your attempted assassinations. He told me that if there was anything I wanted, all I need do was to ask. So I pointed out that the two of you have had a stressful month, and that perhaps now would be a good time for you to continue your holiday, and that I should like to be the one to escort and protect his two daughters. He accepted."
By now Sasami was all packed and ready to go.
"Come on Aeka, let's go!"
Aeka got up. "I shall have to confirm this for myself."
Tanaki bowed. "As you wish."
An hour later the Reichan lifted off and made its way for Earth.

Tenchi sat opposite his father, telling him all that had happened while he and Katsuhito had been away. It took the best part of the evening, and it was about ten by the time he had finished. His father sat back in his chair, before he smiled broadly.
"That's marvelous son!" he exclaimed. "I knew you'd get one of them!"
Tenchi glared at his unsubtle father. "Please, try to be more discrete will you? I don't want to hurt Ryoko's feelings?"
Noboyuki  nodded and winked. "Don't worry about that. I'll be careful."
Tenchi sat back in his chair, fearing the worse. Despite his father's words, he new subtly in these matters was not his strong point.
"So, have you slept with her yet?"
Tenchi sprayed tea all over the table, and glared as his father.
"No I have not!"
Noboyuki looked a little disappointed, but shrugged it off.
"Oh well. There's plenty of time."
Tenchi had had enough. "I'm going out into town. I'll see you when I get back."

Ryoko took another bite of her cake and looked up at Tenchi. He had changed. He no longer seemed uncomfortable or timid around her. The very fact that he had invited her to come shopping with him, just the two of them was testament to that. But perhaps more strangely, her normal urges to pounce on him had subsided. This was partly due to the fact that she knew he would just shrug her off, or at least try to. But there was another reason. She didn't want to. Well, she did want to, she still loved him and wished she was in Aeka's position, but she was finding this 'friend/family' relationship was comfortable. She felt closer to Tenchi than she had ever done.
Tenchi looked up from his drink, smiled and took her hand.
"I'm finished here. Is there anything you need while we're here?"
Ryoko was a little taken aback by his forwardness. She smiled and shook her head.
"Not really."
Tenchi nodded and finished his drink.
"Let's get going then."
The two walked along the high street, looking in shop windows as they went. Tenchi stopped to look at a swimwear section displayed in a window. Ryoko turned to see what he was looking at.
"Would you like to see me in one of those?" she asked, reverting briefly to her old self.
"No. Well perhaps, but that's not why I stopped."
"Why?"
"I was just thinking, it would be great if we could go on holiday."
Ryoko smiled. "Just the two of us?" she asked, optimistically.
"I was actually thinking all of us, Washuu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, all of us."
Ryoko was a little disappointed, but warmed to the idea. It actually sounded like fun.
"When do we leave?"
Tenchi shook his head. "As much I would like to, I can't afford to take us all on a holiday to one of these places."
Ryoko thought for a minute. "Perhaps Washuu could though..."

Washuu looked up from her latest experiment to see Ryoko and Tenchi enter her lab.
"And what can I do for you?" she asked.
"Tenchi thought it would be a good idea for us all to go on holiday."
Washuu thought about a sandy beach, warm sun, free flowing drink and men in bathing costumes.
"I would have to agree with you Tenchi. But where do I come into this equation?"
"We sort of need some capital. Tenchi can't afford it. I was wondering if you could help?"
"Please don't do anything criminal Washuu. It's not that important."
Washuu smiled. "I can make gold out of lead Tenchi. Genius's of my caliber don't generally have financial difficulties. Leave it to me."
"Can I ask where you're going to get this money from?"
"Sure. First, I'll 'borrow' some of your dad's money. Don't worry, I'll pay it back. I just need some collateral to get started. Then I'll play the stock markets. Come back in an hour."
Washuu reached into subspace and pulled out a funny cap like hat, with a translucent green rim, put it on and set to work.
An hour later Tenchi returned. 
"How's it going?"
Washuu spun round on her chair, sporting a huge grin.
"This is great fun! I think I'll have to take this up as a hobby."
"Did it work?"
Washuu nodded. "Of course. I made more than enough money in the first ten minutes. I've just been playing for the last fifty."
A flashing light appeared on the console in front of her. She pressed a button and a large monitor appeared before them. 
"Hiya!"
"Sasami! How are you?"
The little girl smiled. "Fine thanks."
The screen panned out to show Tanaki sitting behind her.
"Hi there. Things got a little dull on Jurai, so we thought we'd come back, if that's alright with you Tenchi."
He nodded. "Sure. Err, is Aeka there?"
Tanaki nodded. "Don't worry lover-boy, she's here. She's getting ready."
"How long until you arrive?" asked Washuu.
Tanaki rolled his eyes and sighed. "Three days. I really can't believe anyone needs three days to get ready."
Sasami smiled. "Aeka does."
He ruffled the little girl's hair. "Three days it is."
The screen went black.
"Well, looks like I better get back to the stock market, we have more guests to accommodate."
A giant map of the world appeared out of subspace.
"That reminds me, where do you want to go?"
Tenchi examined the map. "How about Hawaii?"
"Sounds good to me. I'll arrange everything for you."
He nodded and left as Washuu put her cap back on and began playing the markets again.

"Is it true Tenchi? Are we really going on holiday?" asked Mihoshi as she practically bounced in front of Tenchi.
Tenchi nodded. "Yes it's true. We're going to Hawaii."
Mihoshi frowned. "Where's Hawaii?"
"It's a group of small islands off the coast of America."
"Where's America?"
Kiyone shook her head. "I don't think she even knows where we are now."
"Oh that's easy. We're on earth."
Kiyone sighed. "When do we leave?"
"This Friday. Aeka, Sasami and Tanaki are due back on Wednesday."
Kiyone nodded as Mihoshi gasped.
"That means that I've only got, err, a few days to pack!"
She sped off as Kiyone shook her head.
"I apologize for her, I really do."
Tenchi smiled. "That's alright. Things wouldn't be the same without her."
"Can't argue with you on that. I'll see you later."

Tenchi had spent most of the week running around like a madman. On Monday he had tried to get most of his chores out of the way. On Tuesday he spent most of the day with Ryoko, as she had insisted that he come shopping with her for swimsuits. By Wednesday he was exhausted, but had most of the chores that he had started on Monday finished. That evening he stood outside his house with the others as they watched the Reichan descend in front of the house. The walkway descended and the small figure of Sasami ran down the plank. She hugged the friends each in turn, starting of course with Tenchi. Next out was Tanaki, struggling under the weight of a sizeable amount of luggage. Tenchi moved forward to help, but Tanaki just smiled and gestured with his head that he go inside. Tenchi entered the ship, as the others went to help Tanaki, who was on the brink of collapse. Ryoko lifted a bag off of Tanaki, one eye on Tenchi as he went on board.
Tenchi entered the Reichan's hallway, and looked around.
"Aeka?" he called.
He heard a shuffling of feet, and turn to see Aeka dressed in her casual, human clothes. He smiled and walked up to her, looking into her eyes as he did. She stood there motionless, almost captivated by his gaze. He embraced her, which seemed to bring her back to the world of the living.
"Welcome home."
She hugged him hard. "It's good to be back."
The others watched as Aeka disembarked, Tenchi beside him, struggling under a second load of luggage. Tanaki went to help him as Aeka said her hellos. 
Tenchi shook his head. "How can someone so small have so much luggage?" he asked in disbelief.
Tanaki grunted as he picked up a case. "That's a question for Washuu I think. It's far too difficult question for us mere men to figure out."
The two laughed, albeit in a slightly hindered manner under their respective loads.

"What?!"
The Ultarian general's fist slammed down upon his desk at the news.
"The Princesses are both still alive. That is why we did not proceed with the operation."
"I heard a report that they were both dead."
"Apparently it was a trap to find our infiltrator."
"And where is our infiltrator?"
"He was arrested, but he managed to escape. He is in the capital as we speak."
"Our plans will have to be adjusted accordingly then. Where are the princesses now?"
"We believe them to still be on Jurai, but we cannot be sure."
"Find them and report back."
The guard threw a smart salute.
"Yes sir."

An enormous smile spread across Sasami's face as she threw an arm in to the air.
"Yes!"
Tenchi smiled. "I thought that would make you happy."
"When do we leave?"
"Friday."
"Cool. Can I tell Aeka?"
Tenchi paused for a minute. "Ok then."
Sasami smiled again and sped off. 
Tanaki came up and stood next him.
"It's good to have you back. It's pretty tough, being the only guy here."
Tanaki smiled and slapped him on the back.
"Come on. Tough? Every male in the universe would kill to be in your position. Surrounded by the most beautiful, most powerful females in existence. And they all think you're great. Yeah, my heart bleeds for you."
Tenchi frowned at him, before smiling himself. "I guess you're right. I just don't know if I can handle them all."
"You'll cope, don't worry about that."
The house was a veritable mess on the Thursday as everyone scrambled to get ready for the big trip. Suitcases had already started to pile up by the front door, and there was a great atmosphere of excitement and anticipation. No one got much sleep that night, and everyone was up bright and early the next day all dressed in summer gear.
It took Tenchi and Tanaki nearly an hour to load all of the luggage into the Reichan, most of it being Aeka's and Mihoshi's. They waved goodbye to Kitsuhito and Noboyuki, before they were on their way. They looked at the travel brochures of their hotel that Washuu had booked for them. 
"Ok folks, listen up. This is Washuu, your hostess for the holiday, I'll be telling you about the magnificent holiday I've set up for you. If there are any complaints, then direct them to Tenchi, this was his idea."
Tenchi frowned at Washuu, before smiling at her joke.
"Right then. The most brilliant mind in the universe has booked us accommodation in the best hotel in the universe. No less than five stars. We have four rooms, two beds in each. We'll be split accordingly; myself and Ryoko, Mihoshi and Kiyone, Aeka and Sasami, Tenchi and Tanaki. Any objections? No? good."
"The hotel is situated right by the beach, which boasts 6 miles of golden sand. It's also near the town, so there's no excuse as to why we shouldn't get absolutely wasted every single night, age allowing."
Sasami put on an annoyed face.
"Don't worry Sasami, we wouldn't leave you behind just because we're going for a drink," reassured Washuu.
"Right then, any questions?"
Mihoshi's hand shot up.
"Any intelligent questions?"
Mihoshi's hand remained vertical.
Washuu sighed. "Yes Mihoshi?"
"Who am I sharing my room with?"
"Kiyone."
"And where are we going?"
"Hawaii?"
"And where are we staying?"
"In a hotel."
"And..."
She was stopped mid sentence by Kiyone thrusting a brochure in her face. 
"Just read this, airhead."

The friends transported behind the hotel. The girls walked in, leaving Tenchi and Tanaki with the unbelievable mountain of luggage.
Tanaki shook his head. "There's no way I'm carrying this. I'll transport it back to the Reichan, then directly into our rooms."
Tenchi nodded and the luggage vanished.
They entered the lobby, and looked at their new surroundings. Washuu approached them and handed them a key. 
"Room 457. Hey where's our bags?"
"I'll transport them directly to the rooms."
Washuu nodded. "It's what I would have done."
Several stories up, Tenchi and Tanaki checked out their room. It was very spacious, with white walls, a mini bar and a balcony. They stepped out to see the beach and ocean in front of them. 
Tenchi whistled. "Pretty impressive."
Tanaki nodded. "I'll say." 
Tenchi looked to his right, to see Aeka and Sasami on the balcony next to them.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"It's magnificent Tenchi," replied Aeka. "So romantic."
Tenchi blushed and looked out to sea again.
There was a clatter as the balcony doors to the other side of them was opened. 
"Quite a view, I think you'll agree."
Ryoko nodded. "It is indeed. Hey, Tenchi, we're neighbors!"
She floated over to Tenchi's balcony, as Aeka's posture changed to a more aggressive stance.
"I'm tired Ryoko. We'll meet you all tomorrow for breakfast."
Tenchi and Tanaki retired to their room and closed the balcony shutters.
Ryoko turned to Aeka.
"I was only kidding your highness."
Aeka scowled at her.
"Make sure you were."
With that Aeka went back into her room.


The friends met the next morning for breakfast in the hotel's sizable dining room. They ate breakfast amidst the usual breakfast banter, each comparing rooms and facilities. They decided to check out the hotel pool, and retired to their respective rooms to get changed.
The hotel actually had three pools, each adjoining each other. They were themed pools, with 'islands', water falls, and palm trees, giving the whole area a tropical feel to it. Tenchi lay on a sun bed, enjoying its soothing warmth, when he felt  a shadow fall upon him. He opened on eye to see little more than a bust.
He fell off his bed startled, st.0raight into the pool. He looked around to see Aeka, knelling by the poolside. 
"Are you alright? I didn't mean to scare you like that."
Tenchi swam to the edge of the pool and hauled himself out.
"It's alright," he said, drying himself off.
He looked at Aeka an visible blushed. She was wearing a very flattering two piece blue bikini.
She stood up and twirled before him.
"What do you think? It's not too, too..."
He stood up next to her and smiled. "It's perfect. Like you."
She smiled and they kissed briefly.
"Where's everyone else?" he asked.
Aeka turned and pointed to a mock water fall. "They're over there."
Tenchi took her hand and began to lead her in the waterfall's direction, but stopped when she resisted.
"What's wrong?" he inquired.
"I was just hoping we could get some time alone."
We smiled and kissed her again.
"We will, I promise. But this a group holiday. I would like to spend some time with the others too."
Aeka nodded. "Of course. I'm just being selfish aren't I?"
"Tomorrow night. It'll be just be the two of us."
She nodded again, and the two made their way towards the others.
The other girls had been finding themselves the center of attention among the male population of the holiday makers. Ryoko was having to restrain herself, lest she blast one of them.
Mihoshi sort of enjoyed the attention, in an innocent sort of way, while Kiyone was beginning to go the same way as Ryoko.
"Hey gorgeous, how about you and me?"
"I'm afraid she's taken."
Tanaki stood before the man and Kiyone, hands on hips, looking very serious indeed.
"And you can tell that to the rest of your friends over there."
The man backed off rather quickly.
"Thanks, they were really beginning to bug me."
Tanaki smiled as he swam backwards away from here.
"That's the price for being a beautiful women. Unwanted attention."
He turned and swam under water towards Sasami, and as such was unable to see Kiyone blush.
Sasami gave a squeal as she felt herself being lifted out of the water by someone. She looked down to see Tanaki supporting her on his shoulders.
"You!" she giggled, and bent down to splash him.
"Splash me would you?" he cried, and threw her carefully into the water.
Washuu sat by the poolside with Ryoko, as the two watched the two splash each other.
"He's really fond of her, isn't he?"
Ryoko nodded. "Can't blame him really." She looked over to see Tenchi and Aeka walking in their general direction. She sighed, this holiday may have been a bad idea.
Tenchi looked over to see Tanaki and Sasami.
"Better give him a hand," he said smiling. He ran into the water, and began to creep up on Sasami from behind.
"Look out Sasami!" shouted Washuu.
Sasami spun around in time to see a huge wave of water splash into her face. She stood their, shocked as everyone sat laughing.
"Why you..." she nearly growled, and began splashing him with renewed fury.
Tenchi covered his face and backed off.
Ryoko shook her head and pushed Washuu into the pool. 
"Come on, it's time to get stuck in!"
The friends converged beneath the waterfall, splashing each other, unaware that Washuu had her console out. The friends gasped as a huge tidal wave appeared out of nowhere and crashed down on them.
"Game, set and match," smiled Washuu, just before the rest of them beset her from all sides.

"General?"
"Come in."
The officer ented the room and saluted before his superior.
"We have new news about the whereabouts of the Princesses. Apparently they have returned to this Earth planet."
 A smirk appeared on the general's face. 
"Excellent. This is even better than I had hoped for. This will make our plans that much easier. Send a warship to earth, but use discretion. I don't want any unnecessary attention. At least not yet."
The officer saluted and set about his orders.

It was the evening of the first night, and friends sat around a table in a street restaurant. There was a happy and relaxed atmosphere amongst the group, the usual tension between Aeka and Ryoko dissolved in the holiday atmosphere. The wine flowed freely and they talked for hours about the days events into the small hours of the morning. When they next met, it was for lunch, not breakfast.
"Aeka, will you take me on the island tour today?" asked Sasami.
Aeka looked up from her meal and shook her head.
"I'm sorry Sasami, I'm spending today with Tenchi. Perhaps Tanaki will take you."
Sasami looked to Tanaki.
"Will you take me?"
He smiled at her. "You know very well I'll take you."
Washuu looked over to the rest of the table.
"Looks like it's going to be a girls night out. What do you say to that?"
Mihoshi needed no further encouragement and nodded her head furiously.
"That would be great!" she exclaimed. "I can't remember the last time Kiyone and I went out together. You will come won't you Kiyone?"
Kiyone thought for a minute. The attention that the male population had lavished on her had taken its toll. She felt attractive for the first time in ages, and was wondering if 'she still had it', so to speak.
"Yeah, I'm up for it."
"Ryoko?"
Ryoko glanced over to Tenchi and Aeka, who were talking about something she couldn't quite hear.
"Sure," she said, not really concentrating on her words.
Later that afternoon the friends went their separate ways.
Tenchi and Aeka had decided to explore a small village a mile or so away from the hotel.
They walked arm in arm along the golden beach, admiring the view as they went.
"Is this what you wanted Aeka? Is this how you envisioned us as a couple?"
Aeka turned to Tenchi and smiled.
"It's everything I wanted. Just you and me."
"And thousands of other holiday makers."
"I can't see them. I can only see you."
Tenchi smiled at Aeka's comment and gave her a kiss.
He gazed down at her attire. It certainly made a change from the usual conservative dress she wore on Jurai. A bikini with a towel-like dress around her waist.
Aeka saw that he was looking at her, and blushed deeply. This had been a big step for her, she had felt practically naked when she first went out in her new clothes.
Tenchi also blushed and quickly looked in a different direction.
"I'm, I'm sorry Aeka. I shouldn't stare like that," he stuttered, feeling a little ashamed.
"It's my fault, Tenchi. I dressed like this to look more, more attractive."
"Well it sure worked."
"I don't mind you looking at me. Everyone else seems to."
"That's because you look stunning."
Despite her approval, he still couldn't bring himself to look at her. In fact he was now uncomfortably aware of her body. He looked out to sea, a frown on his face. Why couldn't he be adult about this? For all intents and purposes he was in an adult relationship now. Couldn't he be adult about the physical side of things? He hadn't had a problem with it before. Although in absolute honesty Aeka had never been half naked before. And in public.
Aeka, seeing his distress turned to face him.
"If this is a problem, I'll go back and change."
He shook his head.
"No, no that won't be necessary. I want to show the world how lucky I am to have such a fantastic looking girl by my side. As long as you're comfortable."
He was getting use to this complimenting thing. It was so much easier when it was sincere. 
"As long as I get to show off what a marvelous man I'm with."
Tenchi had never really considered himself to be a particularly handsome guy, and was flattered.
The two continued their walk, feeling a little more comfortable with their position. 

Sasami sat on Tanaki's shoulders as they browsed through the shops of one of their 'island tour' towns. There was a whole host of strange souvenirs, ranging from native arts to manufactured gifts.
"See anything you like?" asked Tanaki as they moved through the crowds of people.
"Not yet," came the replied from somewhere above him. 
Sasami scanned the shops' merchandise carefully.
"Oh, over there!"
Tanaki looked up and moved in the vague direction of the small hand above him. They arrived at a small stall.
"Here?" he asked.
Sasami nodded unseen, as she looked through a the wares on display. Tanaki knelt down and allowed Sasami to get off. Her fingers scanned until it stopped at a metal ring. It was plain and simple, made of some base metal, a single heart on it.
"You want this?" asked Tanaki, picking the ring up and looking at it.
"Will you get it for me?"
"Sure." 
He paid for the ring and gave it to Sasami.
"Will you put it on for me?"
Tanaki was a little apprehensive, he could see where this was leading, but it was only a cheap ring. He took her right hand and put it on her index finger, not her middle one.
She admired the ring and smiled at Tanaki.
"Thanks."
He smiled back. "Not at all. Hop on, we need to get back to the tour bus."
Sasami got back onto his shoulders, and they hurried back to their bus.

The four girls found themselves being besieged by single men. Washuu was feeling a little left out, as she wasn't getting nearly as much attention as the others. She pulled out her keyboard and typed a few commands into it. There was a flash of light, which receded to reveal a much larger Washuu. One which fitted in more with the other girls.
"Washuu, is that you?" asked Mihoshi.
"Why should you three get all the fun?" she replied, grinning.
"If you call being hassled none stop by hordes of men fun," groaned Ryoko, pushing away yet another guy trying his luck.
"It sort of makes you feel attractive doesn't it?" asked Kiyone gingerly, hoping the others felt the same way she did.
"I *know* I'm attractive," commented Ryoko.
"She's just not very modest," added her mother, before making a pass at a group of men by the bar.
"Let's just get drunk and have some fun."

Tenchi and Aeka had found a small restaurant by the beach. They sat opposite each other, a single candle flickering its dim light over the two lovers. They held hands as they watched the sun dip down into the ocean in front of them a tranquil feeling of completeness filling both of them. 
For Aeka the day had been perfect. She had spent time with Tenchi as a true couple, and for that entire day she had forgotten that she was to be Empress of an entire star empire. For that day she was the fianc of Tenchi, the man whom she loved unconditionally, the man who loved her. They had laughed and joked together, ran through the sea, and now, they were having dinner together for the first time, in front of a magical sunset. It would be day she would never, could never forget.
She sighed happily and looked at Tenchi, a bright sparkle in her eyes. Tenchi turned to see her gazing at him, almost in a trance. He joking waved his hand slowly in front of her.
"Hello? Tenchi to Aeka?"
She smiled, moved his hand out of the way and leant over to kiss him.
"I wish today would never end," she whispered as their lips touched.
"There's always tomorrow," Tenchi whispered back.
They were interrupted by the waiter bringing their food. The two sat back down and began their meal.

Tanaki slowly stroked the blue-haired head that lay on his lap, as the bus slowly made its way back to the hotel. He smiled down at the sleeping figure, as a women came up and sat down next to him.
"Is that your sister?" she asked, looking down at the little girl.
"She my friend's sister. I'm looking after her for the day."
The women smiled. "She's very sweet. What's her name, if you don't mind me asking."
Tanaki hesitated for a second, before answering.
"Sasami."
"That's an unusual name. Where do you come from?"
"Japan."
"Ah. You speak English well, I must say."
Tanaki smiled, thanking Washuu's universal translator. 
"You might say it's a gift."

The Ultarian battle cruiser sped though space, carefully avoiding all sensor grids and communication networks. The captain sat on the bridge, monitoring his ship's status carefully.
One of the ensigns turned around on his chair.
"Captain, we have and incoming message from admiral Tol'peth."
"Patch it through."
"Aye sir."
The admiral's head appeared on the ship's main viewer.
The captain stood to attention and stood up.
"Status report captain."
"We are on course for the Sol system as ordered. Because of our altered course, we will arrive at our destination later than I had originally predicted. ETA is three days."
"Understood. Is this channel secure."
"Yes admiral."
"Good. I can give you your orders. You are to capture the two crown princesses, Aeka and Sasami. They are *not* to be harmed unnecessarily. Do you understand?"
"Yes sir."
"As soon as you have them, bring them back to Ultaria. Tol'peth out."
The view screen faded to black.
The captain sat down in his chair.
"Erusis, prepare the guest quarters accordingly to accommodate our guests. Make sure of the necessary security precautions. Begin tests of the new transporter the general gave us."
"Aye sir."

The next few days gave the eight friends memories that would stay with them for the rest of their lives. They visited the mighty Hawaiian volcanoes, tried their hands at surfing, and attended the various beach parties that the hotel threw. And no one would forget the time Ryoko set fire to Aeka's grass skirt. However their blissful holiday was about to be rudely interrupted. The friends were walking down the street on route to another hotel event when there was a bright flash of light. Tenchi found himself holding onto thin air, while Tanaki's shoulders suddenly became inexplicably lighter.
"Where's Aeka?"
"Where's Sasami?"
Washuu pulled a keyboard from subspace, while Tanaki pulled his interface from phased space.
"Do you see it?" asked Washuu?
"If you mean the huge Ultarian warship that's breaking orbit, then yes."
He pressed a button on his keypad.
"Reichan, transport for all our belongings and six people."
Minutes later the Reichan and the Yagami broke orbit, in pursuit of the Ultarian vessel.

When Aeka came to, she found herself in an unfamiliar room. She looked around to see Sasami, unconscious beside her. She gently shook her sister, who came round rather groggily. 
"Where are we?" she asked, rubbing her eyes.
"I'm not sure, but I intend to find out." 
Aeka walked up to the door and examined it. She took several steps back, and unleashed and energy blast at it. The shot was absorbed by an forcefield that flared as the blast impacted on it. 
"I wouldn't waste your time your highness."
Aeka looked around to see where the voice was coming from.
The voice continued.
"You are official guests of the Ultarian Empire. If you cooperate, neither your sister, nor yourself will be harmed."
"What do you want from us?" she demanded.
There was no reply. 
Sasami huddled close to her sister, shivering with fear.
Aeka cradled her sister in her arms.
"Don't worry Sasami, we'll be alright."

"How the hell did they manage to transport them? I thought you had a device to prevent that Washuu?"
Washuu glared at her daughter, not caring for her tone of voice.
"Hey, if it wasn't for me they'd have been long gone a long time ago."
Tenchi looked at her, looking slightly hurt.
"Please don't say that Washuu. We do appreciate all you've done for that, but please don't say it like that."
Washuu hung her head, feeling very ashamed.
"I'm sorry Tenchi, I didn't mean it like that. I'm just annoyed they got past me."
There was a hum as the door slid open.
"Well?"
Tanaki shook his head.
"Not good. An hour ago the Bytate Empire made an ultimatum to the Emperor of Jurai."
Tenchi frowned.
"The Bytates? Who are they?"
"An empire of comparable size to the Ultarian Empire. They share a border."
"Didn't the Ultarians take Aeka and Sasami?"
"I assume it's a set up."
Ryoko looked perplexed. "How does it benefit the Ultarians?"
Washuu shrugged.
"If the Jurians retaliate to the kidnapping, suppose it will weaken the Bytates. That would allow the Ultarians to waltz in and take what territories they liked, knowing full well the Bytates' fleets were decimated by the Jurians."
"Why didn't they do this in the first place? Surely it would be easier to capture the two princesses than kill them both *and* the Emperor?"
"Blackmail is an unpredictable tool. Having a puppet Emperor would have been a far better way of achieving their goals."
"Did you tell them that the Ultarians have them?"
Tanaki shook his head.
"The com went dead. Communications are gone, and I can't localize the source."
"The Ultarians?"
"I don't believe so, I'm not reading any jamming from their ship. And if they knew we were here, more than likely they would have attacked us."
Washuu pulled out her keyboard.
"I'll look into it."
Tenchi looked out of the cockpit into space. "Regardless of their plans, we need to get them back."
The others nodded.
Tanaki checked the status of the Reichan and the Yagami. Both were still cloaked, but weren't gaining much ground on their quarry.

A lone shuttle dropped out of warp in a desolate system beyond the boundary of Ultarian space. It steered between the floating rock and debris behind and enormous gray moon, straight into an equally enormous fleet. The shuttle docked with the largest of the fleet, an huge sleek black ship, almost archaic in structure. 
A Jurian disembarked from the shuttle. It was Lord Yamitagi.
The Jurian walked into a huge black hallway, dimly lit by lights on the walls. He walked along the crimson carpet that led down the middle, and knelt before an obsidian throne, upon which was seated a man, dressed in attire to suit the somber blackness of his ship.
"Lord Tominaji, I have returned, however I fear my mission was not successful."
The man nodded.
"I have heard the reports, and as disappointed as I was to hear them, I fear I cannot blame you. There is always great risk in overthrowing a power subtly."
The man stood up and walked down the sizeable number of steps that lead to his throne.
"It is of no consequence. Lord Garithor is overseeing our second plan. Get me Lord Garithor!"
Almost as if the ship responded to his direct command, a view screen appeared before him. On it was the Ultarian general.
"Lord Garithor, how is our mission progressing?"
"We have the princesses, and have sent the ultimatum to the Emperor. I have initiated talks with the Bytates. Our operative is ready to 'provoke' the Jurians, should they not react favorably to the blackmail demands."
"The status of the Jurian fleets?"
"There is a sizable one amassing on the Bytate border. The Bytates of course deny any knowledge of the abduction."
"And your talks with the Bytates?"
"Thus far favorable. They are unwilling to engage the Jurians alone."
"Excellent. Keep me appraised."
"As you wish my lord."
The view screen blanked out and disappeared.
The man turned to the Jurian.
"I have a new assignment for you."
"I shall not fail you a second time."
"See to it that you don't. I have seen to it that the first directorate of the Vol'ita Empire has met with an unfortunate 'accident'. Go to the dermal regeneration lab, then go to and assume his position. You will be briefed on arrival."
The Jurian bowed and left the giant chamber.
"The status of the Jurian and Galaxy Police vessels?"
A voice rang out, echoing through the chamber.
"They are still pursuing the Ultarian ship, and blocking their communications. Your orders?"
"Take no action yet. Continue to follow them. If they try to interfere, destroy them."
The man returned to his throne, his face expressionless. He sat down and stared into darkness.
An hour later, the shuttle left the docking bay of the capital ship and sped off towards the Vol'ita Empire.

The Reichan and the Yagami held position as they watched their quarry ship slowed and then stopped.
Ryoko opened her mouth as a second Ultarian ship appeared, as to answering her unvoiced question.
"What are they up to?" muttered Tanaki, checking his console.
"They're splitting the two princesses up."
The group turned to see Washuu entering the Reichan's bridge.
"That's not our biggest problem. Look."
She plugged her console into the Reichan's. A large black ship appeared on a monitor.
"This is the bastard that's been blocking our transmissions."
Tanaki shook his head.
"I don't recognize it. And how does it know we're here?"
"They're using a subspace scanner, similar to the one I used to detected the cloaked ships carrying those assassins. They're using a deflecting cloak. Unfortunately, it doesn't deflect hyper-fluctuating tachyon particles. That's how I found them."
Kiyone's face appeared on a separate monitor.
"What do we do? There are three ships out there to our two."
"What about Ryo Ohki?" inquired Tenchi? 
Tanaki smiled.
"Perfect. He's how we play it..."

"First Directorate Cendor, I am so glad you..."
The Directorate cut him off with a waving gesture.
"That can wait, I discovered some disturbing news while I was away. Assemble the council."
Half an hour later, the First Directorate addressed the leading head of the Vol'ita Empire.
"I have heard distressing news that the Jurian Empire is beginning to flex its military might. I have reliable information that they plan to invade the Bytate system."
There was an audible murmur in the hall, as a member stood up.
"What proof do you have to support this, this story?"
The directorate played a clip, showing the Bytate president, visibly flustered. 
"To the people of this sector, I implore you to help us. The as we speak the Jurian Imperial fleet amasses at our border, ready to strike at us under the premise that we kidnapped the Emperor's daughters, and have demanded territories in return. We are a peaceful and content race, we have no such need for extra lands, and we would never make such moves to instigate war. I ask you to help us to stand up to this tyrant before it is too late."
The council erupted into shouts and squabbling.
"Can you prove that they did not kidnap the Emperor's daughters?"
"No, but can you believe the people like the Bytates would make such a foolish move? What was to stop the Jurians retaking the territory once the daughters were returned? And if they were to kill the daughters they would incite war upon themselves anyway."
There were murmurs of agreement. The Bytates had never been an aggressive race, indeed, it was perhaps the most peaceful empire to border the Jurian Empire, unsurprisingly.
A courier ran into the room.
"First Directorate, I have an urgent message from the head of the Ultarian military, General Usitor."
Cendor nodded, and the monitor now showed the general's head.
"As I send this message, let it be known that the Bytates are under attack by the so called honorable Jurian Empire. I have allied with the Bytates, for I know full well that our lands will be next on the list of conquests of the Jurians, and I ask that you do the same. Only with your cooperation will we be able to quash this common foe."
A second courier ran in to the hallway. 
"Sir, it has been confirmed. Ten minutes ago, the first Jurian fleet entered Bytate space."
The first Directorate turned to address the council.
"What do we do? Sit here like frightened children as our friends are assimilated by this beast? Or do we stand up to it now? The Jurians may be powerful, but we are more powerful if we unite!" He listened in on his ear piece, and hid a shrewd smile.
"I have heard that the Genstu have allied against the Jurians."
He threw his arms out, almost shouting.
 "Do we stand aside, or do we fight?"
There was a shaking of heads as the council got caught up in the wave of action. The Jurian Empire had never been very popular with the Vol'ita, although they had managed to tolerate each other four centuries without major conflict.
Cendor smiled to himself as the preparations for war were made.

Back in his ship, Tominaji sat on his throne listened carefully as the news was brought to him by unseen announcers. 
"The Genstu declared war on the Jurians less than an hour ago. Shortly after, Lord Amitsu convinced the Vol'ita council to declare war. We are receiving reports that Lord Samonori has persuaded the Motsukians to take action. Various smaller states have mobilized their fleets as well."
A smile spread across the man's face.
"Our time is nearly at hand. Prepare the fleet!"
Hundreds of ships simultaneously powered up their engines, and began to slowly maneuver out of the dead system.

The Emperor was suddenly besieged with reports of fleets moving against him. Despite the Jurian fleet being the most powerful in the sector, even galaxy, the attacks from all sides was beginning to spread his resources thinly. 
"Order our fleets in the Bytate sector to withdraw. Get the second fleet to engage the Vol'ita fleets. I want the Genstu border sealed as well!"
The couriers saluted, and went to relay their orders.
The Empress looked at her husband and left the room. She knew better than to talk to him when he was like this.

"It looks very familiar. Hang on, let me check the Yagami's database."
Kiyone tapped a few keys on the Reichan's console, bringing up the Yagami's Galaxy Police files.
The friends watched as various ships flashed across the screen. Suddenly it stopped.
"Here we are. There's a 95% match with this ship. An attack fighter belonging to an organisation, calling themselves the Obsidian House. Head of this house is an former member of the house of Jurai, a Lord Tominaji. Exiled some four hundred years ago with several others. Have been responsible for thousands of raids across the galaxy, and have been suspected of being behind several hundreds thousand others. Has been linked to various assassinations. Class A1 criminal."
Ryoko crossed her arms and leant against the door.
"Well, we have a motive."
"But what does he plan to do?"
Washuu smiled. "Ah ha! We have communications back," she declared triumphantly.
She looked down at the panel.
"Oh shit."

Chapter 8: Release

"What is it?"
"Well, if this display is correct, and I'm reading these messages correctly, the Jurian Empire is at war with every single one of its neighbors."
"Let me see that."
Tanaki pushed his way to the front, and stared at disbelief at the display.
"How?"
"Let's worry about that later, first, let's deal with this little problem."
Tanaki nodded.

Sasami sat in her room alone. She felt cold and frightened; the only thing preventing her from crying was the small metal ring on her finger. She looked at, wondering if he would come and get her.
Aeka had put up a fight, and when she awoke she found herself in a less than hospitable cell. She winced at the bright light, but shrugged it off. She looked up to see a guard leering back at her. Aeka suddenly realized she was still wearing her summer clothes from the holiday. She recoiled and covered herself as best she could in the corner.

The captain of the black vessel watch intently as the Yagami began to move off. Without warning a third spaceship appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, and opened fire. The entire ship rocked as it was hit again by the Reichan. Meanwhile Ryoko, Tenchi, Tanaki, Mihoshi and Kiyone readied themselves on the Reichan.
Washuu sat piloting both the Yagami and the Reichan from where she sat.
"You better get going," she said, not looking back.
"Right." The five vanished, only to reappear on board Ryo Ohki.
"How ya doing girl?" inquired Ryoko, as she flew the ship closer to the two Ultarian vessels.
"Miya."
"Good. Hold on, things are going to get bumpy!"
The captain of the second Ultarian ship nearly had a fit when out of nowhere four ships had appeared, and began fighting amongst themselves. It wasn't until the fourth began to move towards them, that he made any sort of move.
"Bring all weapons to bear on that ship!" he commanded.
Ryo Ohki miya'd loudly as she was hit several time.
"Hang in there Ryo Ohki, and I promise I dig an entire field of carrots, just for you when we get back."
She miya'd again, and accelerated towards the ships.
"Ok we're ready. Good luck all."
The five vanished as Ryo Ohki pulled away back to the Reichan.

"Captain we have intruders!"
"Impossible! How did they get through our shields?"
"I, I don't know sir!"
Another ensign swiveled round on his chair. 
"Security reports two intruders, deck 37, a male and a female."
The captain's expression lightened. 
"Only two hey? All security report to deck 37. I want them stopped."

The captain of the other ship was having similar problems.
"Where are they?"
"Deck 40, no, decks 39 and 41. They've split up."
"This is your captain. All security to decks 39 and 41. I want those intruders stopped at any cost!"
He sat down on his chair and waited for updates.

The captain of the black ship looked around him. Most of his crew were dead, shields and weapons were down. He scowled at the black and pink red ship that danced through the static of his damaged view screen. He stood up and staggered to the helm, shuddering under another hail of fire. He keyed in some commands and sat down on the floor laughing.
Washuu watched as the burning ship accelerated towards her. She tried to alter trajectory, but the black ship just shadowed her movements.

'Nothing else for it.'

"Reichan, full phase."
"Hai."
The black ship shimmered, only a faint shadow remaining as the enemy ship ploughed right through it.
The captain's jaw dropped he watched as the Ultarian ship loomed large on his screen.
"Evasive maneuvers!" cried the Ultarian captain, as the bridge went to red alert.
Washuu watched as the ship banked heavily, although not enough to fully avoid the black ship's course. It slammed into the top of the Ultarian vessel, ripping a huge whole in it.
Washuu smiled to herself.

'Cheers, saved me the job.'

She piloted the two ships towards the other Ultarian vessel.
"Target the engines, shields and weapons only."

Ryoko and Tenchi fell to the ground as they felt the ship shake violently. 
"That was fast," commented Ryoko.
"I never knew mom had it in her."
Suddenly there was a hiss of laser fire, as the first of the security descended upon them.
Tenchi ignited his sword, and activated his side arms.
"Duck!"
Tenchi hit the deck, to see a huge orange plasma blast cruise above him into the unfortunate guards.
He quickly got to his feet and cut a circle out of the deck plate.
"This way!"
Tenchi jumped through the hole, with Ryoko close behind him.
Ryoko threw another ball of plasma up through the hole before they continued their search.

Tanaki cut his way threw another bulkhead, only to come face to face with another guard detachment. One side arm glowing as a shield, the other burning in blade conformation, he sliced his way through the first few guards, the rest breaking and running off. He knelt down to one of the guards, his psi blade shinning pure energy mere centimeters from the guard's face.
"Where is the princess. You won't hear me ask twice."
"I don't know!" the guard sobbed, "I don't know."
Tanaki release the guard and continued on his way, leaving the man sobbing behind him.
Mihoshi fired another blast from her shoulder mounted cannon, destroying most of the corridor, and blasting the few unlucky guards at the other end in all directions.
Kiyone dispatched a few more men with her pistol, before clinging to the wall as she felt the ship shudder.
She pulled her mouth piece down and spoke.
"Washuu?, can you hear me?"
A crackled voice came over the headset. 
"Just, hang on."
The ship rattled a little, just before Washuu's voice came back, only this time much clearer.
"That's better. Helps once the shields are gone. Right, I suppose you want to know where Sasami is."
Tanaki's voice came in over the headsets.
"That would be very helpful. This ship is massive."
"Hang on then, got it. Deck 12, section 5B."
The three intruders began to converge on the given coordinates.

"Deck 62, section 1A, the brig."
"The brig?! How could they?"
Ryoko pulled on Tenchi's arm.
"Come on, let's get going."
"Where are we now?"
Washuu's voice came across the com again.
"Deck 5"
Ryoko sighed. "We've been going the wrong way!"
Tenchi didn't hear her. He was already cutting his way through the floor.
"Don't waste your time Tenchi, their shields are down, I'll transport you directly."
The two reappeared on deck 60.
"This is as close as I could get you. Good luck."
"Thanks Washuu, Tenchi out."
He held his sword up high, as Ryoko removed the door from in front of them. They were greeted by a thunderous storm of laser fire, forcing them back around the corner.
Ryoko bit her lip.
"Shit, we're not going to get through that in a hurry."
"Then we go round."  He began cutting through the bulkhead. Ryoko plunged her sword in and helped him.
A huge slab of metal fell between them, leading directly into the brig. Ryoko peered though, and release a blast of energy at the guards who were waiting for them to come round the other way.
"Come on, let's go."

Washuu wove the two ships expertly between the combined fire of the Ultarian vessels, picking off their laser turrets one by one. She watched as explosions ripped through the top half of the hull of the ship that held Sasami, while huge portions of the belly of the second ship erupted into deep space. She shook her head as both ships banked under her command.

'I wouldn't want to be a guard on either of those ships.'

The guards really wished they weren't on their ships either. All of security had been assigned to protect the princesses on both ships, but nevertheless, they still found themselves under heavy attack.
Both captains had been assured that reinforcements were on the way, and that they had to hold the aggressors on board until then. Both captains sat on their respective bridges, sweating profusely, as they heard their situation updates.

"The intruders have penetrated deck 61."

"Deck 11 has been compromised."

"When do our reinforcement get here?"
"ETA, ten minutes."

Washuu had successfully disarmed both ships, and sat watching, when her console on the Reichan burst into life.
She frowned as she read the display. Six heavy frigates heading this way. 

'Not good.'

"Ok you lot listen up. You've got less than eight minutes to retrieve the princesses."
"Eight minutes? What happens in eight minutes?"
"Six large Ultarian ships are going to be breathing down our necks, that's what."

Washuu stared impatiently at the monitor. The ships were closing fast.
"I'm getting you out of there," she declared, beginning the transport procedure.
"No, I'm staying," replied Tanaki, resolutely. 
"What?"
"You're gonna need a way to find us. I have various tracking devices on me. You can use them to follow us. It's the only way."
"That's assuming they don't kill you on sight," said Kiyone.
"It's a chance we'll have to take."
"I'm staying too."
"No Tenchi, we'll need you to bust us out of here. Washuu transport."
Before any further objections could be voiced, the four of them found themselves back on the Reichan.
Washuu cloaked both ships and backed away as they watched as the six ships arrived out of warp.
The friends looked out at the burning ships, feeling powerless to help the others.
"Don't worry, we're not finished with them yet. Once we're out of their tracking range, we'll follow."
"Why not now?" asked Ryoko impatiently. 
"Those are capital ships, with cloak detectors. I don't have time to rig up anything fancier. We'll just have to follow them a more discretely."

Tanaki burst through the door to see Sasami curled up in a ball in the corner. 
"Sasami, it's me."
She looked up, tears still streaming down her face.
"Tanaki, you're here to save me!"
He held her close and hugged her.
"Not quite."
He heard the foot steps of the guards behind him.
"Hands where we can see them!"
"Don't worry, everything will be fine," he whispered.
He raised his hands seconds before he was hit around the back of his head. He fell before Sasami unconscious. 
"Get him out of here. And shut that girl up."

Washuu carefully tracked the location devices that Tanaki had told her about. He was aboard the larger of the six ships, who were headed towards Ultaria. However she was unable to ascertain the location of either princess. Once she was happy there was sufficient distance between them and the fleet, she powered up the engines, and set a pursuit course.

The two princesses were in the guest chamber of the same ship, under heavy guard. Aeka tried to console her sister, who had been crying ever since Tanaki had been taken away.

Tanaki's fate had been less comfortable. He had been beaten, and lay unconscious in one of the ships danker cells, his clothes in tatters, various bits of his equipment around him in pieces. However the parts that mattered were still functioning, sending out neutrino tracker emissions back to the Reichan.

When he awoke, he found himself in a stone cell. It was dark and damp, with moss and other vegetation growing in the cracks. He figured he was on a planet somewhere, but he wasn't sure where.
In actuality he was in the Ultarian headquarter's prison, not that far away from Aeka, who was very close indeed to the general.

"So this is Princess Aeka."
"Let me go."
The general laughed.
"I don't think I'll be doing that my dear."
"Then you will have to answer to my father's wrath."
He laughed again.
"I am, and may I say I'm not very impressed."
Although Aeka didn't show it, she was surprised at the general's repsonse. She watched as the general switched on a monitor.
"Recognize this? A galactic map of the Jurian Empire and its surrounding states. However it would seem that your people have done something to, annoy, shall we say, these states. This is only one state that is at war with you people. You see while you were being transported back here, chaos erupted in the quadrant."
He sat before the princess and smiled. 
Aeka felt the rage build up within her, as she tried to summon her powers to her command, but nothing happened.
The general tapped a box on his desk. 
"A gift from one Karigato. Brilliant man. Your powers won't work Aeka here."
Aeka stared at him.
"You should know full well that the Jurian Empire is stronger even than the combined strength of its neighbor states. It is only a matter of time."
The general smiled.
"Correct. It is only a matter of time."
He pressed a button on his desk, and two guards entered the room. 
"Escort lady Aeka to her room please."

Washuu stopped the Reichan on the border of the Ultarian system. 
"Why have we stopped?" asked Ryoko.
"This is a home system. As a rule, home systems are usually very well defended." 
"Can we get in Washuu?"
"Patience Tenchi, I'll think of something, give me a minute."
A minute was literally all the genius required.
"Kiyone, Mihoshi, we'll have to hid the Yagami somewhere. This is assuming that you're coming with us."
"You try to stop us."
"Ok, there's desolate system a light year from here. We'll hide it there under full cloak. It'll be safe until we get back."
They hid the Yagami as Washuu mad the necessary adjustments on the Reichan. Half an hour later the phased ship crept past the system's defenses, as the friend sat in absolute silence. Nearly and hour later they arrived at Ultaria, and maintained orbit, still in complete phase.
"Right, the Reichan can't maintain this cloak/full phase for much longer. You have two hours at best. I can get you down there, but they'll be onto you very quickly indeed."
Ryoko smiled. "I've got a job to finish. Let's get going."
"One more thing. When I transport you back, I transport you *all* back, or none of you. Understood?"
Tenchi nodded.
"I'm not leaving anyone behind this time."
Washuu threw two side arms to Tenchi.
"Tanaki will need these."
She turned back to the console.
"I'm transporting you as close to Tanaki as I can. Good luck."

"So you're the irritating little man who's been screwing up all of our plans?"
Tanaki winced as the general punched him across the face. Blood trickled from his mouth, but he said nothing. 
"Quiet little bastard. Let's see if we can't make you cry out."
He pulled a pistol from his belt and fired it at him. Tanaki shuddered considerably from the shock it induced, but no more. The general fired several more times, but the best he could get out of the Jurian was a moan.
"My master would be proud to have one like you under his command," he muttered to himself. 
His 'interrogation' was interrupted by a warning klaxon wailing loudly around them.
He pulled a com link form his belt.
"Report, what's going on?"
"Intruders on the grounds!"
He looked at Tanaki.
"Don't go away, your friends have arrived."
He nodded to his guard, and they hastily made their way back up the stairs, leaving Tanaki hanging limply from his restraints in his underground prison.
Seconds later the roof collapsed, and four figures jumped down into the prison. 
Tenchi cut Tanaki's chains while Ryoko supported him.
"Shit, what bastard did this to you?"
Tanaki struggled to get to his feet.
"Whoa there, you're in fit state to be going anywhere."
Tenchi passed a flask of water to Tanaki, who drank gratefully from it. He wiped his mouth and stood up.
"Are those for me?" he asked, pointing to the side arms Tenchi was carrying.
Tanaki walked forward and took them off him. Everyone looked at him surprised.
"Hey, you got here just in time. They've just been playing with me thus far."
There was scrambling of feet above them.
"Come on, let's find the princesses and get out of here," shouted Kiyone, her voice filled with urgency.
Tenchi went up the stairs first, Tanaki behind him, supported by Ryoko. Behind them was Mihoshi, with Kiyone bringing up the rear.
The guards didn't know what hit them. The prison door exploded, as Tenchi emerged, his blade burning brightly in his hands. Guards clamored to get out of his way as he carved a path for the friends. He picked up a fallen guard and brought him up to his face.
"Where are the princesses?"
"T-t-top floor!"
Tenchi threw the guard to one side. "Let's go!"
Ryoko passed Tanaki to Kiyone. 
"This is my department." With that she flew outside and began circling the building in search of the two princesses.
Washuu had been monitoring the progress of her friends and frowned as she watched her timer rapidly decrease. She also watched several dreadnoughts moving in orbit above her. She decided to leave the rescue to Tenchi and the others, and focus her attention on their getaway.
Aeka could hear the commotion below her, but felt helpless without her powers. She looked around the room for something that may enable them to break free, and stopped when she saw a chest in the corner of the room. She kicked it. It made a metallic sound. She tried to lift it, but found it to be too heavy. She recalled Washuu saying that Karigato used some sort of device to disable Jurian powers. It also had to be close by.
A second explosion rocked the room. 
Aeka picked up a chair and hit the chest with it. The chest flickered. She hit it again. And again. The chest appearance faded, and she stood in front a strange looking device. She hit it with the chair until it exploded, sending her flying across the room. 
"Aeka, are you alright?"
"We'll see in a minute. Stand back please."
Sasami stood back as Aeka's force logs appeared in front of the door. There was a blinding flash as the door splintered under the force of the attack.
"Let's get out of here Sasami."

Tenchi sprinted up the stairs, the others unable to keep pace with him. 
"Aeka! Where are you?"
He reached the top of the stairs only to be confronted by the general.
"You won't find your precious little princess," he laughed, a vicious grin on his face, "You won't leave here alive!"
Tenchi glared at the man, fury and rage building up in him.
"We shall see!"
He leapt forward, his sword humming in his hands, as he swung at the general. The general pulled out his own sword and countered Tenchi's attack. Tenchi was a little taken aback; he hadn't expected the general to fight with an energy sword, and especially not this well. He put it to the back of his mind and redoubled his attack.

Aeka made her way down the staircase, Sasami close behind her, when suddenly she saw something fly past the window. Something cyan. She blew the window out with one of her force field attacks and stuck her head out of the window.
"Ryoko! She called, waving to the space pirate.
Ryoko turned to see a purple head sticking out of a window below her. She swooped down and in though the window.
"So this is where you got to. Come on, we need to get out of here. You two alright?"
Aeka nodded. "How about you and the others?"
"Can't complain, yet."
She pushed down on Aeka's head, and launched a blast of energy over it at some troops behind them.
"You could warn me before you do that Ryoko," she shouted bitterly.
Ryoko smiled. "But then it wouldn't be any fun. Come on let's go!"

Tenchi was finding his foe very difficult to better. He could swear some of the techniques the general used were Jurian, but he couldn't be sure. He ducked, narrowly avoiding the general's blade, and rolled backwards. He charged again, exchanging blows, before backing out, coming out worse. He put his hand over the newest wound, as blood trickled onto the floor. 
"Don't worry, I'll see that you don't bleed to death boy. You'll die well before you lose that amount of blood from petite wounds."
Suddenly Tanaki, Mihoshi and Kiyone burst in to the hallway. 
"There you are!" Kiyone declared, before catching sight of the situation he was in. 
Tanaki walked up beside Tenchi, his psi blades flaring.
"Two versus one hey? I'll have to fight properly now!"
The two young men charged at the general, who repulsed them with amazing speed and fluidity. The two backed off breathing heavily, facing off with their foe, when suddenly the window to their left exploded. They covered their faces as Ryoko flew in, Aeka under one arm, Sasami under the other. She swooped round and landed next to Kiyone.
Kiyone quickly pulled down her mouthpiece.
"We're ready when you are Washuu!"
The general watched as the figures in front of him shimmered and then vanished. He pulled out his com.
"Find their ship and destroy it!"

The dreadnoughts had problems of their own. From out of nowhere a minute neutron star had appeared, and was threatening to pull them in. The Reichan lowered its cloak, and transported the rescuers on board, before breaking orbit, right past the neutron star, which collapsed to nothing seconds later.
Tenchi looked back very confused indeed.
"Why, why..."
"We have no mass when phased," answered Tanaki. "Good move. Very cunning."
Washuu half grinned. "The dreadnoughts won't get us, but they might."
A dozen fighters began to close in on their position.
"We're phased right?" asked Kiyone nervously.
"Two hours is up in five, four, three, two, one."
The Reichan banked heavily as Tanaki took evasive maneuvers.
"Hold onto something, we're not getting out of here without taking some flak!"
He steered hard left when he felt something grasping his waist. He looked down to see a blue-haired head.
"You said hold on to something."
Tanaki pulled up avoiding most of the incoming fire. The ship shook as the rest slammed into its rapidly depleting shields.
"Washuu, Kiyone, take the weapons will you! I can't fly and fire."
The two clambered to the seats and strapped themselves in. 
"Fire control 1 active."
"Fire control 2 active."
Tanaki bit his lip as he looked for a means to escape.
"There!" he exclaimed, pointing to the burnt hull of one of the crippled Ultarian cruisers.
"What do you mean there?" shouted Kiyone, as she dispatched one of the small fighters that was pursuing them.
"We go to warp through the ship."
"What?"
"We can phase for five more seconds."
"If you get this wrong..." Washuu paused. "Never mind."
The captain of the one of the dreadnoughts watched in disbelief.
"Of all the ships they could have chosen to kamikaze, they chose a..."
The ship phased just before it went to warp.

The Yagami and the Reichan had docked in a neutral space port to make repairs. It had been a week since Aeka and Sasami had been rescued. Tanaki and Aeka sat reading the reports of the war that had been raging, but were still unable to figure out why it had started.
"So the Jurian Empire receive an ultimatum demanding territory for our safe release. When the Jurian fleet mobilizes, a single Bytate ship begins to open fire across the border. The Jurian fleet engage the Bytate fleet that is joined by the Ultarian fleet."
Tanaki nodded. "Suddenly Jurai finds itself under attack from every single neighbor in the quadrant."
"Why?"
Ryoko and Washuu sat next to them and handed them a drink each.
"I suppose to the other races, it looked like the Jurian Empire was flexing its muscles. They got scared and banded together."
"But the Bytates started the war."
"Don't forget that the Bytates are perhaps the most peaceful race in the sector. Also your people claimed that the Bytates had kidnapped you. They had no real evidence, the Bytates denied the fact, and the notion of kidnapping you in exchange for territory is a far fetched one at best. It's just not a competent plan."
She took a sip of her tea.
"Makes for a good cover story though."
"But we've told the Emperor of the Ultarians' part in the kidnapping."
Tanaki shook his head. 
"All they need to do is deny any knowledge. I doubt anyone will listen to us anyway."
Tenchi, Mihoshi and Kiyone came over and sat down with them."
"There, finished. Good as new."
Tenchi put his cup on the table and looked around.
"How's the hypothesizing going?"
"Not good. What I don't understand is where this is all going. The attacking forces certainly don't have the power to overcome the Jurian Imperial fleet, and the Emperor can't just invade all of these other states, incase it trigger further intergalactic hostilities. As powerful as the House of Jurai is, it can't take on the universe."
"What about this third ship?"
Washuu looked up.
"You know, I completely forgot about that. You say it belonged to some exiled Jurian?"
"Something like that. Exiled four hundred years ago."
"Perhaps this is his revenge?" suggested Ryoko.
"Pretty feeble revenge if you ask me. Instigate a war which won't actually destroy the person you're trying to wreak revenge on? No, there's something more."
Tanaki looked out of the station's glass windows into space.
"Well we had better find out now, rather find out when it happens."

On top of his impressive throne the exiled Lord surveyed the fruits of his many years of planning. A galactic map showed the Jurian fleets scattered about their Empire, repelling the minor attempts of the other races to attack. All the while his own dark fleet, the only one bar the Galaxy Police's powerful enough to go one on one with the Jurian Imperial fleet continued its cloaked advance. 
"Get me Lord Garithor."
The Ultarian general appeared on the screen before him.
"My Liege! How may I serve you?"
The his liege peered at the general. 
"You have been injured. What happened?"
"The princesses were liberated."
"By whom?"
"Lord Tanaki, Lord Tenchi, a space pirate...."
"Enough! Send the remaining Ultarian ships into combat and meet with the main fleet. Your position is by my side now."
"As you wish."
The monitor faded to black.
"Recall all of my Lords to me! Our time of reckoning is at hand. We shall take back what once was ours!"

The space station began to rattle. Then shudder. Bits of the station structure began to collapse around them.
"What's the hell?" shouted Ryoko, as a girder fell next to her.
Aeka put up her forcefield until the shaking stopped.
Washuu pulled her console out of subspace to find out what had just happened.
The others crowded around her.
"Well?" asked Aeka.
"Massive warp space turbulence. A huge fleet must have passed us."
Kiyone frowned. "Surely we would have seen it."
Washuu sighed and checked her console. "Looks like they were cloaked."
Tanaki stared at her, a look of urgency in his eyes.
"Where were they going?"
"By the looks of the warp eddies, Jurai."
Tenchi looked at the others.
"I don't know much about Jurian politics or warp space travel, but from what I just heard, there's a cloaked fleet heading for Jurai. And a big one at that."
"It's making more sense. Why do you set up a stalemated war?"
"To occupy and wear down you opponent!"
Washuu frowned. "Still, that would have to be a big fleet to overcome the remainder of the Jurian fleet."
Aeka moved impatiently.
"Can we do the maths later? We need to warn the Emperor."
The friends hurried on board their ships, and sped off in pursuit of the unknown fleet.

"Ridiculous!"
"I assure you my highness, if you ignore this, it may be the last mistake of your life."
"I am to trust the man who took my daughters away from me, promised on his honor to protect them, and then be careless enough that they were captured? You are lucky that I do not have you arrested."
Aeka's face appeared on the screen.
"It was not anyone's fault father. This Lord Tominaji, or his successor has returned. He is using technology similar to that which was used to assault the palace two months ago, and now has a huge fleet on its way to Jurai."
"And why can we not see this fleet?"
Washuu sighed in frustration.
"It's a good thing you have a monarchy system, because your father would never have been elected on his brainpower."
She moved Aeka to one side.
"I really can't believe you have to see everything first hand to before you acknowledge its existence. But here you are."
The screen panned out to display an enormous number of ships.
"It would appear our friend's calculations were sound. We counted about eight hundred capital ships in all. Goodness knows how many fighters, and small cruisers he has. That's not bad, I think you'll agree. Eight hundred battlecruisers in four hundred years."
"What is your point?"
"Just beyond your grasp."
She smiled.
"The point is that within the next few days, this guy, whoever it is, is going to be knocking at your door with the largest single selections of ships, well, ever. You can try to hide behind your pride and your honor if you wish."
 "Then what do you suggest?"
"After the way you treated Lord Tanaki, my initial response would be 'screw you, have a nice day.' But there's a small girl back here who loves her mother and father, despite his arrogance and unjustified superiority complex. It's lucky that to 'acquire' this fleet, this guy had to break several laws several thousand times. I give you detective Kiyone, Galaxy Police officer first class."
Before the Emperor could respond Washuu made way for Kiyone who sat before the monitor with a face every bit a stern as Washuu's.
"I have spoken to the chief at headquarters, and he has agree to aid you, in payment for the many times your House has aided the Galaxy Police capture some of the more 'difficult' criminals of this universe.
However he can only spare some three command cruisers, and a thousand fighters. The difference will need to be made up by you."
Washuu's face appeared on the screen.
"I suggest that you pull every single ship you have and call them back to Jurai. I just hope enough make it in time. Regardless of what they are doing."
The Emperor slumped back in his throne and sighed heavily.
"Get me the Grand Admiral!"

Tenchi walked into the bridge.
"How'd it go?"
Washuu smiled. "I just got to chew out the most important and powerful man in galaxy. It sort of gives you a buzz."
Tenchi's smile faded. 
"Can we beat this guy?"
"We'll give it our best shot."
The Yagami and the Reichan banked and accelerated ahead of the massive invasion fleet.

Every day more and more Jurian ships poured into their home system. The allied states, without the influential leadership of the exiled Jurian infiltrators, wound down their attacks, cutting their loses while they could. Several empires chose to believe the claims that the whole war was and engineered plot, and allied themselves with the Jurian Empire, although more out of fear of retribution than to justify any wrong doings. With the aid of Washuu, the Jurian fleet commanders monitored the approaching force, and prepared appropriately. Several mock reports were sent via subspace to give the illusion that the war was continuing, although these attempts would have been futile if Tominaji hadn't recalled all of his Lords to him.
Tenchi once again found himself on Jurai, waiting for the enemy to make their move. The planet had an eerie silence about it. He sat on the steps leading to the palace doors, gazing up at the purple hued sky, and looked across as Ryoko sat down next to him.
"How are you feeling?" she asked.
"How most people are feeling. Anxious. We're going to be at the epicenter of one of the biggest space battles in the history of, well ever. How are you feeling?"
"Pretty much the same. You should see Tanaki. Cool as anything. It's almost as if nothings happening."
There was a small pause.
"Where are you going to be for this battle?" asked Ryoko. 
Tenchi looked at her; he could see the concern in her eyes. 
"Probably on the Reichan with Tanaki."
"I want to be with you."
Tenchi was about to disagree, but stopped. He realized that if Ryoko was going to die, he wanted to go with her.
"Let me talk to Tanaki."

Sasami had taken to following Tanaki around again. After the kidnapping, he welcomed her company, and if he hadn't been on Jurai, he would have carried her around on his shoulders, as he had on Hawaii. However he didn't let it detract from his duties. He sat in his room studying the enemy fleets progress, while Sasami played with Ryo Ohki behind him. There was a knock on his door.
"Come in."
Washuu came in through the door, smiled at Sasami, and stood behind Tanaki. 
"How's it going?"
"Five hundred frigates and cruisers, and rising. We're getting there, but it's going to get messy. Most of the fleet is liberally dispersed across the galaxy. We're operating with a only a quarter of our maximum strength."
"I have to hand it to him. His plan has worked fairly well. But I think he knows we're on to him. His fleet increased its speed."
Tanaki sighed. "I saw that one coming, however there's not much I can do about it. When are they due?"
"Two days."
"Well at least the first Imperial fleet will have arrived by then. What time?"
"Midday, just in time for lunch."
"If we could hold them off for three or four hours, we could have another fifty ships from the Royal Guard."
Washuu nodded. "I'll see what I can do. Oh by the way, Tenchi's looking for you."
Tanaki nodded and put his console back into phased space.
"That's all I can handle for one day. Come on Sasami, let's find Tenchi."
Sasami picked up the cabbit and followed Washuu and Tanaki out of the room.

Kiyone had been appointed liaison to the Jurian Imperial fleet, which, as nice as it sounded, hadn't actually changed her role in any way. She had worked with the Admiral of the Fleet non stop on tactics and maneuvers, so that the two fleets could work in harmony. However things hadn't gone as smoothly as she might have expected.
"Are all Jurian men egotistical bastards, or is it just me?!"
The other looked at her, as Aeka covered Sasami's ears.
She looked back at the shocked faces that stared back at her.
"I'm sorry, I've had a bad day."
Tanaki looked at Tenchi and pouted. 
"You're lucky, you're only half Jurian. That means you're just egotistical. Or you're..."
He was cut short by a dangerous glance from Aeka.
Ryoko smiled.
"Have a difference of opinion with the ol' head of the fleet?" she asked, taking another sip of her sake.
"No kidding. The man's an idiot. Firstly, he believes his ships are invincible, and that all other ships will break if you so much as sneeze on them. Secondly he doesn't so much as flinch at the idea of the entire Galaxy police being wiped out in the first minute, but you should see him kick up a fuss at the thought of loosing even one of his precious little ships."
"Shall I talk to him?" suggested Tanaki.
Kiyone shook her head.
"No, I need to handle this myself, thanks very much."
"Why the glum faces? It's not as if we're all facing imminent death. No wait..."
Washuu came into the room and sat down with the rest of them.
"Kiyone's getting mad at the Admiral because he's a, igloo-statistical bar stool. Oh no, that wasn't it, it was..."
Kiyone shook her head.
"I think she gets the message Mihoshi."
Washuu shook her head.
"I haven't the faintest idea what she's blabbering on about."
She saw Mihoshi was going to make a second attempt at it, and stopped her.
"No, it's ok, I just got it. Some good news Tanaki, I can buy you two hours. That's it."
Tanaki nodded. 
"Thank you. That's gonna cut it slim, but it's better than nothing."
Tenchi turned to him.
"Is it alright if Ryoko fly with us on the Reichan?"
"I was sort of hoping she would fly Ryo Ohki. We need all the ships we can get."
"That's fine. You can come with me Tenchi."
Aeka shifted uncomfortably.
"And what of me?"
"You will be with Sasami on board his majesty's ship, the Azetaki."
She shook her head. 
"No that's not good enough. I want to be with Tenchi."
"Aren't we the spoilt kid?" chided Ryoko.
Aeka glared at her dangerously.
Ryoko shook her head.
"Hey, if I'm going to go down, why not take you with down with me? If you want to come along, then I'm not going to stop you."
"How generous of you."
"I don't want to be alone either," declared Sasami, distinctly looking in Tanaki's general direction.
Tanaki felt uneasy, hoping someone would help him out.
"It wouldn't be safe on the Reichan Sasami, and you may get in Tanaki's way."
Sasami sat dejectedly, her shoulders hunched. 
"Where will you be?" Kiyone asked Washuu.
"On the Reichan."
"Why does Washuu get to go with Tanaki?" sulked Sasami.
"That's quite enough Sasami," scolded Aeka. "You are to stay with father, and let's hear no more about it."
Sasami got up and ran off crying, leaving Aeka feeling rather bad about herself.
"You did the right thing Aeka," commented Washuu. "She's not old enough yet."
"Then why did it hurt so much?"
They sat in silence for a while, before Aeka spoke.
"Would you talk to her for me please Tanaki?"
Tanaki looked at the princess rather surprised.
"Me?"
"We all know how fond she is of you, and I believe I am correct in thinking you care greatly for her. Besides, I'm not sure she would listen to me right now."
Tanaki nodded. "As you wish."
Kiyone yawned and stretched.
"Well I better be getting some sleep. Need to be up bright and early to argue with dunderhead again."
Mihoshi had a puzzled look on her face.
"Again?"
Kiyone shook her head.
"Not you, at least not this time. Come on."
The others decided to call it a night, and got up to retire to their respective beds. Ryoko was about to leave when Aeka stopped her.
"What is it princess?" she asked in an annoyed tone.
"I wish to thank you."
Ryoko felt a little stunned, but didn't show it.
"Go on."
"Tenchi and I would never had gotten this close if it wasn't for you."
This wasn't the sort of thing Ryoko really wanted to hear, but Aeka continued.
"I have known true pain and happiness over the past few months." She looked down at the floor. "Should anything happen to me, I want you to look after Tenchi."
Ryoko looked at the princess, not really sure what to say.
"Of course. You know I will."
"For the first time in my life I believe you. Good night."
Ryoko watched as Aeka left.
"Hey wait a minute, what do you mean first time? Hey, Aeka!"

Once again Tanaki found Sasami crying in her room. He opened the door, and turned the light on.
"Why is everyone so mean?" she sobbed.
Tanaki sat down next to her.
"Your sister loves you, you know that Sasami. She only wants you to be safe."
"But what if Ryo Ohki gets destroyed? And the Yagami and the Reichan? Then I'll be all alone."
"That's not going to happen. Those are three ships in a fleet of hundreds, piloted by the best. Washuu's refitted them all with upgraded weapons and shields. If they go down, then we'll lose the battle, and that's one thing I'm not gong to let happen."
"Promise?"
There was no hesitation in his reply.
"I promise."
She wiped away her tears and hugged Tanaki hard. He looked down at the little ring on her hand and smiled.
"When this is over, I'll get you a really nice ring."
She shook her head. "I don't need one. This is nice enough."
He ruffled her hair up. 
"I'll see you tomorrow then."

The next day was filled with activity. Ships moved into position, running diagnostics and weapon checks, while new ships entered the system in waves. Tenchi looked out of the bridge of the Azetaki, feeling very small indeed.
"Quite a view isn't it?"
He spun around to see Washuu behind him.
"Yeah. I've never seen so many ships."
"I've been around for nearly 20,000 years, and I have to admit, you don't get to see this much firepower in one place very often."
She grinned.
"And in some thirty hours, the number of ships here will double, and then rapidly start declining. We have to make sure that our ships are left at the end."
"How's it looking?" asked Tenchi. "Or don't I want to know?"
"Well numerically, we're outnumbered. They'll have about eight hundred, we've got about six fifty. But don't give up , we're not beat yet. I've brought us another two hours, by accelerating the birth of a star in the fleet's path. The extra gravity and debris should slow the fleet down in time for the Royal Guard fleet to arrive. That's another fifty high-class ships. Basically the longer we can draw it out, the better out chances. It works out to about a ship a minute to our advantage. Plus I upgraded the system's original defenses."
"So it's looking good then?"
"I'm confident we can win. How many of us there are left by the end is another more sobering story."

Tanaki had thrown protocol into the wind. For the entire day he had gone around his duties organizing fleet movements and battle plans with the second crown princess of the House of Jurai sat squarely on his shoulders. He had to admit, it made his job a lot more fun, especially when she frowned disapprovingly at anyone who seemed to start to ask the obvious question 'why?' He had even dared to discus the reorganization of the Galaxy Police forces on behalf of Kiyone with the Admiral of the Fleet. When he had asked why, she had simply replied
"Because I commanded it of him. I wish to oversee the battle plans."
Ryoko had burst out laughing when she heard about it.
"You're kidding me. You went and discussed important fleet movements with the head of the Jurian fleet with Sasami on your shoulders? I don't believe you."
Sasami giggled. "It's true! I was there."
"How did you get away with it?"
Tanaki shrugged. "Surprise I guess. He just looked at me dumbfounded. Of course I acted as if there was nothing wrong."
"How has everyone else reacted?"
"I'll tell you now, it's relieved stress around here."
"I'm not surprised. I reckon you should walk around with her on your shoulders every time there's a crisis. How about I ask Tenchi to walk about with Aeka on his shoulders?"
The three laughed at the idea, picturing Aeka sat on a struggling Tenchi, giving out orders left right and center.
Tenchi burst into the room.
"I've heard..." he stopped and looked at Sasami.
"It's true?!"
Ryoko shook her head and folded her arms. "I don't know. It's surprising you can get any work done around here with all this gossip."
"I didn't think you'd have the guts. All day?"
 "All day. Well, most of it."
Sasami smiled. "It's great! I get to look down on everyone."
"Just like your sister."
Sasami didn't hear Ryoko's remark, and probably won't have understood it anyway.
Presently they were joined by Kiyone, looking a lot more relaxed than the day before.
"I don't know how you did it Tanaki, but that stubborn admiral backed down."
"Shock tactics," said Tenchi, grinning.
Kiyone looked at him rather bewildered.
"I'll let them fill you in. I'm going to hit the hay. I'll see you tomorrow."
They waved goodnight before telling Kiyone of Sasami's antics.

Aeka stood on her balcony, her night dress blowing in the cool Jurian breeze. She looked out over the courtyard below, beginning to fear what the next day would have in store for her and her friends.
She gasped as a hand touched her shoulder.
"Sorry if I startled you. I knocked, but there was no reply."
She turned to see Tenchi standing behind her. He move onto the balcony and looked out. The sky was a dark hazy purple, the courtyard dimly lit by what few lights were on, casting flickering shadows that danced before them.
"It's quite a view Aeka. Privileges of being a princess I suppose, priority room selection."
"I'm worried about tomorrow Tenchi."
He turned to see her gazing out, her mind far away. He moved closer and placed a reassuring arm around her.
"I am as well. But we'll make it through."
"You can't know that."
"Perhaps not. But I can believe it."
He brushed her hair that was being blown by the wind away from her face, and smiled at her.
"We will be together tomorrow, no matter what happens."
"Please stay with me tonight."
He nodded.

He awoke the next and looked up from his seat at Aeka, who was lying on her bed. He had felt uncomfortable about sleeping in the same bed as her, even if it was just sleeping. He opened the balcony doors and stepped out. It wasn't long before anxiety began to grip it.
There was a knock at the door. Without thinking he answered.
A very surprised Tanaki looked back at him, a usually innocent Sasami perched on his shoulders. 
"Well well Mr. Masaki, making the moves already are we?" he teased.
"Aeka asked if I would stay with her overnight, nothing more."
"You know, the sad thing is I believe you."
He ducked and entered the room.
"Aeka, wake up Aeka!" shouted Sasami.
Aeka opened one eye, before coming to with a scream.
"What, what are you doing in my room?"
Sasami frowned.
"What's wrong? I'm normally allowed in your room."
"I mean *him*."
"Tenchi let me in."
Aeka blushed furiously.
"This isn't what it looks like..." she said hastily.
Tanaki smiled. "Don't worry, Tenchi explained." He winked at her.
Aeka nearly exploded.
"Tenchi! What have you been saying?!"
Tenchi sat down beside her and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
"He's only teasing. Besides, I slept on the chair."
He craned his neck painfully, as to make his point.
Aeka felt a little disappointed to hear that, but quickly brushed it off. 
"If you don't mind, I'd like to get changed, *alone*."
The three rapidly departed the room.

Hours later the Reichan entered orbit, ready to transfer Aeka and Tenchi to Ryo Ohki. Washuu went over the battle plans again, as Tanaki checked the Reichan's systems for the sixth time that day, making sure the upgrades Washuu had made were operational.
On the Azetaki, Sasami stood beside her father, desperately trying to make out either the Reichan, Yagami or Ryo Ohki amongst the hundreds of ships that lay before her. The Emperor looked out onto the vast fleet, ever confident that he would emerge triumphant. 
Aeka and Tenchi stood nervously behind Ryoko, as they waited for the enemy fleet to arrive. Ryoko looked out into space, itching to do something. Anything. She hated waits.
At the front of the Galaxy Police fleet was the Yagami. Mihoshi had been unusually quite for the last hour, not that Kiyone would have paid any attention to her anyway. She was too busy running the fleet maneuvers through her head.
Meanwhile in the opposite fleet, Lord Tominaji sat on his throne, black gloved hands clasped together, as he watched his mighty ships close on the Jurai system .
An uneasy stillness existed around the combined fleet. Seconds later it was broken by the arrival of eight hundred warships, weapons armed, shields raised. The battle was joined; the fight for the Jurian throne had began.

Chapter 9. Loss

Washuu gasped as the monitor before her came alive. Hundreds of small black fighters emerged from their motherships in swarms, as the allied forces' fighters began to engage. Laser fire and missile streaked their deadly path through space, as the two fleets clashed. Small fighters and cruisers wove between larger frigates, avoiding the terminal retaliatory weapons fire, while trying to target essential components on the capital ships. 
Aeka looked out of Ryo Ohki at the dark fleet. They were difficult to make out against the blackness of space. However something disturbing caught her eye.
"Did you see that?" 
Tenchi looked out of the window paneling. 
"See what?"
"Watch that enemy frigate."
He peered out, only able to see the ship and the laser fire that arced out.  The fighters that assaulted it fired their weapons, but they seemed to be hitting some sort of barrier protecting the ship.
"It's a frigate with shields."
"Look at the shields."
He looked again, trying to make out what Aeka was talking about. Several missiles hit the shields, illuminating the area briefly. Tenchi stood back.
"That looked like one of those wings of the light hawk. But I thought only Jurian ships were equipped with those."
"So did I."
Tanaki expertly piloted his custom ship through dense weapons fire, while Washuu handled weapons control and tactical updates. Another black fighter exploded in front of the deadly vessel as it beat its path through Tominaji's fleet, trying to protect the larger capital ships from the small fighters.
She read the report about the enemy fleet's defenses, and relayed the information to Tanaki.
"You're kidding me. They can't have."
"We've been getting reports from all over the battlefield. The enemy capital ships are protected by some version of the wings of the light hawk. They look identical except..."
"They're not light? Let me guess. They're dark."
"Black opaque was the actual description. However it means they're as well defended as our Jurian ships, and more so than the Galaxy Police's fleet."
Tanaki launched a volley of antimatter missiles at an enemy frigate, only to see them impacted on a giant arcing wing, confirming the reports.
"Damn, I hate fair fights."
Ryo Ohki and the Yagami began surgical strikes on the enemy capital ships, firing volley after volley at the behemoths' hulls. Ryoko allowed herself a grin the first dreadnought finally folded under the combined squadrons fire, despite their unique shielding.
"One down, eight hundred to go!"
Tenchi looked out of a viewer at the huge flagship of the invading ships. There was sudden build up of light, before a massive blast flew off. He traced the beam to its target; the Azetaki.
"Shit, did you see that?!" shouted Tanaki, as he tried to lose two fighters that were on his tail.
"Of course I did!" came the reply.
Washuu pressed several buttons on her console, deploying two of her dimensional missiles at the chasing ships. The projectiles exploded in front of the pursuing ships, creating two black portals that the fighters flew straight into, vanishing from the battle before the portals imploded.
"What's the stasis of the Azetaki?" shouted Tanaki.
Washuu looked down at her display.
"It's fine, for now. Suffice to say it's not going to withstand many more of those hits."
"We need to take that flagship down before it takes ours down.
"No kidding, but how do you propose we do that? We can't spare the ships to make such an assault."
"Then we take it down from the inside."
"You're not going it alone."
The Reichan banked hard left to avoid a volley of missiles, before returning to its source and launching a volley of its own. 
"What do you suggest?"
"Take Tenchi."
"Can you fly the Reichan without me?"
Washuu laughed.
"I flew the Reichan and the Yagami without you. You just make sure you take down that ship as quickly as possible."
Washuu relayed the plan to Tenchi. Unsurprisingly Ryoko and Aeka wanted to go with them.
"Come on, one less ship's not going to make any difference," argued Ryoko.
"There's no point arguing with you, your mind's made up isn't it?"
Ryoko nodded. "We're coming aboard."
The Reichan broke off from its escort role, and flew off to meet with Ryo Ohki.
"Are you sure?"
"Miya."
"Well, if you're sure..."
"Miii-ya."
Tenchi turned to Ryoko. "What was that about?"
"She says she'll fight without me."
"Can she do that?" asked Tenchi.
"She's a smart girl. She'll be fine."
Tenchi looked around at the ship.
"Take care of yourself Ryo Ohki," he said to the ship.
"Miya."
"She says thank you."
Tenchi smiled as the three were transported to the Reichan. 
Washuu had taken the helm and was flying the Reichan to the enemy flagship under full phase cloak. Lasers and missiles passed through the ship as it continued its course.
"Be as quick as you can alright? If we take this ship down, it may break the morale of the rest of the fleet. And it should stop them making any more pop shots at the Azetaki"
The four friends nodded.
She swiveled back to the console. The phased ship passed through the flagship's shields, dropped off its special cargo before moving off to rejoin the battle.

The four friends found themselves in a poorly lit corridor. 
"Which way?" asked Ryoko.
"This way's as good as any," suggested Tenchi, pointing along the corridor.
They nodded and ran down the hallway.

"Shit!"
Kiyone watched as the Galaxy Police frigate Hamanji exploded to her side, several escape pods emerging from its burning hull.
"Rescue craft to the Hamanji, Teal Squadron, close on those fighters!"
"The new batch of torpedoes are ready Kiyone," announced Mihoshi.
"Load 'em up, we're taking some of *their* frigates down."
Mihoshi knew now was not the time for one of her blunders.
The Yagami dodged the incoming fire as it closed the distance. Mihoshi gave a scream as two of their wingmen went down under the ever-intensifying retaliatory fire. 
"Give it everything we've got!"
Salvo after salvo of combined energy and explosive weaponry was launched at the offending vessel's hull, the vast majority impacting on the dark ghost like shield wings. However several managed to make their way past the failing defense and slammed into the hull, resulting in a ripple of explosions along the side of the frigate. It rolled in space, fires spreading through its decks as the fighter squadron pulled out, still under fire from the dying hulk. 

"This is getting us nowhere!"
They had been running down the corridor for five minutes.
Tanaki looked at the walls. 
"Then I guess we take the unorthodox route."
He flared his psi blades and cut through the wall. A large stone slab slumped in front, and he peered through to a second corridor.
"What now?" asked Ryoko, unimpressed.
"We keep cutting until we find something of interest."
"Allow me."
Ryoko passed through second corridor's wall and vanished. She returned seconds later.
"Found something. Stand back."
The others did as they were told as Ryoko unleashed a thunderous volley of plasma energy. When the dust settled, there could see through four more corridors.
"This way."
Ryoko led them into a large hanger, filled with equipment and machinery. 
Tanaki looked around before stopping at a wall terminal. He flicked through the database, before downloading the ship's schematics into his wrist display.
"The bridge is this way."
The hadn't traveled far before their path was blocked by Jurian sporting a pure black uniform.
"I've been waiting to finish you off boy."
Tanaki frowned.
"I don't believe you've befouled me with your presence before sir."
The Jurian frowned at the insult.
"I appeared to you as a certain Ultarian general. I shall finish the job I set out to do that day. You will scream with pain and beg for mercy before the next sunrise!"
An evil grin grew across Tanaki's face as he removed his wrist display and passed it to Tenchi.
"Get to the bridge and shut this thing down. I'll deal with face ache here. Go!"
Tenchi nodded, and cut a new route around Tanaki and his new advisory. 

The Admiral of the Fleet watched as battle raged before him. Despite being outnumbered, his forces were holding their own. He noticed another black marker on his battle map flash then vanish, a red marker sporting a Galaxy Police emblem speeding away from it. Perhaps he had underestimated the headstrong women who had marched into his office a few days prior...

"Way to go Kiyone!" cried Mihoshi, getting swept up in the adrenaline rush of it all.
"Just keep those warheads armed Mihoshi, and we'll be fine."
Mihoshi nodded and pressed a button on her pad, before recoiling on recognition it was the wrong button.
"Er Kiyone..."
Kiyone looked down on her console to see the 'mine deployment' button flashing.
She cringed and looked out of the cockpit behind her to see what damage her partner had done. Kiyone watched in horror as the Yagami's support flight took evasive maneuvers to avoid the floating bombs, the pursuing fighters having less luck. Three enemy ships blew up, while a fourth flew into the fifth in a bid to stop colliding with one of the mines.
"You can thank our resident dunderhead for that particular move," announced Kiyone to her flight.
"Good move!
"I like it. More warning would have been nice though."
Kiyone shrugged. "Well done. I think you just created a new combat procedure. I think I'll call it the 'Klutz Maneuver.'"
Mihoshi grinned and put her hand behind her head.
"It was nothing really, Kiyone."
"Idiot. Get ready, we're making another pass."

Washuu barrel rolled, and looked down at her console, deciding which new weapon to use. She unleashed a barrage of her patented 'Nova missiles' and watched in semi-contentment as the impacted in the side of a black dreadnought. She never really took much pride in destruction, no matter how inventive the idea behind the method.
She noticed Ryo Ohki in difficulty and set about neutralizing the cabbit's pursuers.
There was a 'miya' over the com.
"You're welcome, but try to be more careful."
"Miya."
Washuu sighed and looked down to see fifty white flashes enter the system.
"It's about bloody time."

Tenchi bust into the black throne room, the two girls beside him. They walked up the crimson carpet towards the giant black throne.
"Doesn't look much like a bridge to me."
"Welcome to my ship!" a sonorous voice boomed out.
The trio paused.
"Sounds like a wacko."
"I assume you are a small part of the group who have been a constant thorn in my side."
Aeka walked forward. 
"Who are? Why do you attack my people?"
"The dignified Princess Aeka I believe. You are of course too young to remember my exile."
"My people would not have exiled you without good reason."
"Ha!"
The laugh resonated around the room.
"Good reason? I was exiled because I stood up to the Emperor. He squandered our power, happy to remain Emperor of a small pathetic empire. We could have done so much more. The Galaxy was ours."
"The House of Jurai *is* powerful."
"Powerful? You nave little girl, you do not even no the meaning of power. If I was ruling, no fleet would be able to threaten me like I am doing now. I would have thousands of ships under my control, neighboring states would not be a threat because there would *be* no other states."
"We are not conquerors. We do not squash those who are smaller than we are! We have morals and principles, we are not barbarians!"
Aeka had her fist clenched by her sides, her face fuming with rage.
"Sheesh, even I couldn't get her this annoyed."
"And it because of this I can take the throne from your father so easily! He is weak! Your Empire is weak! You are weak!"
The man got of his throne and descended the steps to the floor.
"Now I shall show you the true meaning of power!"
Ryoko shook her head.
"The man's mad. Not to mention clapped out with clichs."
The three powered up their weapons and prepared for combat.

Washuu was speeding around the battle locating survivors in the burning wrecks of ships. Behind her she heard the moans of the injured she had been able to pick up. A galaxy policeman hauled himself up to the cockpit, and sat next to Washuu.
"Hey, what do you think you're doing here?" demanded Washuu, as she negotiated bursts of laser fire, guiding the Reichan towards the smouldering wreck of another disabled Galaxy Police cruiser.
"Get back with the injured and make with the moaning."
He smiled. "I'm not that badly injured. Need a hand with anything?"
She pulled a medkit out of subspace.
"You could help those who are."
"I'll get right on it." 
The ship banked to avoid a second volley of fire, before Washuu transported the survivors from the burning vessel. She quickly guided the ship away as it exploded behind her. She checked her monitor and made her way towards a damaged Jurian ship.

Tanaki still sported the grin he had went he had first met Lord Garithor. 
He faced off with his advisory, his psi blades flaring before him. 
"Not quite the same is it? Fighting a man who hasn't been starved, tortured and beaten?"
"It makes no difference if you kill me now. My master will see to it that you join me in hell!"
Tanaki had nearly forgotten about the others. He closed the distance between them.
"We finish this now."
Garithor lunged, swinging his blade dangerously close to Tanaki's face. Tanaki ducked and redoubled his counterattack. His foe found himself being driven back when suddenly Tanaki phased through him.
Garithor was taken aback by this new move, and spun round to find himself being attacked from the other side. He ducked below a swipe, and swung out at Tanaki's midsection. Tanaki somersaulted backwards and vanished, only to reappear in mid air. He let loose a hail of laser fire as he fell back down to the ground. Garithor side stepped and swung his blade upwards, but his sword only met with thin air.
Tanaki had teleported behind him, and wasted no time in pressing his foe from the new angle. Garithor screamed as he brought his sword down with full force at Tanaki's head. Tanaki blocked the blow with both of his psi blades, crossed over in the middle. The stood for a brief moment; Garithor trying to force his blade down lower, Tanaki resisting. Suddenly Tanaki phased out of existence, and the shimmering blade passed through him, gouging a groove in the floor. Tanaki smiled as he became full bodied, spreading his once crossed blades out in an arcing circle. The general's head fell to the floor just after his sword fell from his lifeless hands. 
Tanaki didn't look at the body. 
"Transport for one to the coordinates of my wristband."

Kiyone watched in amazement as the Reichan vanished only to reappear almost instantaneously behind its pursing fighters. It then expanded a halo of bright light around it, engulfing and destroying the enemy ships.
"That's some pretty impressive stuff  you've got their Washuu."
On board the Reichan Washuu was putting out fires that had started around the ship from various overloads and other unforeseen malfunctions.
"You don't know the half of it," she answered, finally extinguishing the last of the mini infernos.
"Don't suppose you could equip the Yagami with some of that stuff after the battle could you?"
"Only if you piss me off..."
Kiyone sat rather confused at the last comment, before the impact of a laser blast brought her back to reality.

While Tanaki had been fighting his advisory, Tenchi had had his hands full with the 'fallen' Lord Tominaji. 
They exchanged blows while the Lord continued his story.
"I had time to study the forbidden texts of Jurian history. Oh, there are hundreds of them, I had trouble picking from them."
He back flipped to avoid a plasma discharge from Ryoko. 
"All hidden away because they contained 'dark mysteries'. Ha, most of them were nothing but nonsense."
Tenchi charged again as he tried to break through Tominaji's defense.
"Of course some legends are true."
He teleported to another section of the room seconds before Aeka's logs appeared, arcing electricity just in front of Tenchi.
He turned to the two girls.
"You know, you two are becoming bothersome."
The found themselves suspended within balls of blue glowing energy.
"Let them go!" Tenchi growled.
Tominaji seemed to just ignore him.
"I found one particularly interesting book. The teaching of 'dark' Jurian power. Of course it's only called dark merely because of the absence of any light. It amazing how simply such things are stereotyped."
Ryoko tried to cut her way out with her energy sword, but to no avail.
"I'm not interested in your stupid stories," shouted Tenchi, beginning to get annoyed.
Tominaji paused, a hurt expression on his face.
"You're not? That's a pity. It was the only thing prolonging your life."
A dark aura appeared around the Lord, as his eyes went completely black.
"I don't think you're fighting to your full potential," he said, his voice more sinister than before.
"Let's see if we can't boil that youthful blood of yours."
He looked up at Aeka. Suddenly black Jurian force logs appeared around Aeka, before they arced electricity in to the princess. Her body spasmed  painfully as she let out a bloody curdling scream.
"Ironic hey?"
"You bastard!" scream Tenchi, charging at the man before him, hatred and anger flooding his senses.
Tominaji smiled, and lifted up.
"Recognize this?"
Ryoko's red energy sword appeared in his hand. Tenchi looked up before several balls of plasma energy came down towards him. Ryoko screamed as she saw Tenchi propelled across the room under the force of the explosion. 
Tominaji looked up and winked at the space pirate.
"I have you to thank for that."
Ryoko growled, but couldn't get out of her prison of energy.
There was a hum, as Tanaki appeared beside Tenchi. He helped him to his feet.
"Ah, another one. Welcome."
Tanaki ignored him.
"Are you alright Tenchi?"
"I'll be fine as soon as this guy is dead."
"Works for me."
The two got up and confronted the Lord. Tanaki teleported next to him, and swung his psi blades at him, while Tenchi charged from the other side. Ryoko's red blade clashed with Tanaki's as Tominaji fought off the second attacker. He raised his arm and blasted Tanaki away before turning to face Tenchi. Tominaji scowled as Ryoko's sword disappeared out of his hand.
"Useless thing."
A second sword appeared in his hand, large than Ryoko's, it's blade seeming to draw light into it. Tenchi clashed with Tominaji for a second time, only to see his blade flicker and fade as its energy was sucked into Tominaji's sword. The Lord laughed and repulsed the disarmed boy with an energy blast. Tenchi go up and backed off a little as Tominaji turned his attention to Tanaki. Aeka's force logs appeared around him, as electricity slammed into his body. However Tanaki didn't scream in pain, but gritted his teeth and pressed a button on his belt. Ryoko watched as he teleported to another corner, where he collapsed, smoke rising from his body.
"Impressive," Tominaji noted, before turning to Tenchi.
Tenchi was knelling , his eyes on the floor, as if he was concentrating.
"Prayer will do you no good now boy."

Washuu smiled her suspicions were confirmed as she scanned the fighter before her. No life signs.
She maneuvered the Reichan behind a Galaxy Police frigate and pulled out her console from subspace.
"Automated pilots," she said to herself. "Very clever. Very complex too."
She started scanning the area for signaling emissions, and was almost instantly rewarded with positive scans emanating from the larger of the black fleet's ships. She began to work on a blocking technique. There was an explosion as the frigate began to take heavy damage. Washuu powered up her engines again, and went to give assistance, one eye on her new work, one eye on the enemy fighters that were rapidly closing on her.

Tominaji's curiosity was halted as Tenchi suddenly became bathed in a intense light. White flowing robes replaced his original battle armour.
Tanaki lifted his head to see Tenchi in his new attire.
"The Wings of the Light Hawk!"
Tominaji smiled.
"Now that is impressive. I may get a fight out of you yet!"
His cloak warped around him, replacing his clothes in a more elegant, bleaker regalia. 
Tenchi looked at him, no expression on his face, his new blade raised before him. The two warriors advanced towards each other, neither one taking their eyes off the other.
Tominaji was a little intimidated by Tenchi's lack of emotion.
"Let us raise the stake, no?"
Aeka's force logs shimmered into existence around Ryoko, channeling their energy into the trapped space pirate. Tenchi only quickened his pace.
"You won't live to regret that."

Washuu pressed a key on her console and held her breath. The fighters behind her powered down their engines and shields, only to power up again once she had pulled away.
She turned and closed the distance, dispatching the ships as they powered down on her approach.
"This should help our cause. Calling all ships, this is Washuu. The fighters are under remote control. Begin emitting Eta-1 radiation, it will interfere with the signal."
Slowly the allied fleet began making the necessary adjustment to their ships, allowing them to neutralise the remainder of the enemy fighters and concentrate on the large ships.
"Thanks for that Washuu, that helped no end!"
Washuu winked.
"No problem Kioyne. Want to help me take down that flag ship? Tenchi hasn't been able to disable its cannon yet."
"Will do."
Ten Galaxy police fighters met with Reichan and began to make their way to the huge black ship at the 
Center of the remaining invading fleet.

Tanaki pulled out his console from phased space in an attempt to find out what was holding Aeka and Ryoko, and neutralize it. Regardless of the burns and cuts bestowed upon him from Tominaji's attacks, he analyzed the energy bubbles surrounding his friends.
Meanwhile Aeka and Ryoko were watching Tenchi's dual. Despite the protection and power of the Wings of the Light Hawk, Tenchi's attacks were being rebounded by Tominaji's Obsidian blade. Nevertheless he pressed on, not faltering or showing any signs of weakness to his foe.
Tominaji was not feeling as confident as he had been at the start of this fight. It was as if he was fighting a different boy altogether, more focused, oblivious to his surroundings. And the surroundings were collapsing.

The Reichan pulled away with Ryo Ohki and two Jurian ships as another engine blew on Tominaji's flag ship. Washuu pulled around for another pass, getting lost in the adrenaline rush. She was beginning to understand why her daughter had taken up space piracy. It certainly was exciting. Behind her, several of the allied fleet's large vessels had closed the distance, and were 'broad siding' the huge ship. Laser battery fire was exchanged between the vessels, as another Jurian ship was forced to pull away. 
Kiyone felt the familiar shock wave of the flag ship's cannon, as it fired again at the Azetaki. The Emperor's ship's shields had failed, another shot like that would cause terminal damage.
She spoke into the intercom again.
"All fighters, this is the Yagami. We need to take down that battle cannon."
She turned to Mihoshi.
"Give it everything we've got!"
Dozens of small ships swarmed around the front of the black dreadnought, firing their weapons in an attempt to damage the formidable weapon. However the combined fire merely rebounded off the ship's front shields.
"It's no good, we can't get through," said Kiyone shaking her head.
"Azetaki, this is the Yagami, I suggest you abandon ship, get the Emperor and his family off!"
"The Emperor will not abandon his ship," came the response.
Kiyone slammed her fists down so hard it cracked the paneling.
"Arrogant, pathetic idiot!" she shouted.
She thought of Sasami and shook her head.
"Idiots," she said again, this time in a more subdued voice.
"What do we do Kiyone?" asked her partner sheepishly.
"Get the explosives, we blow it up from the inside."

Kiyone transported on board the ship into a long corridor. She began to run along, only to realize it wasn't going anywhere.
Suddenly she remembered Tanaki was still on board.
"Tanaki, can you read me?"
Tanaki was a little surprised to hear Kiyone's voice.
"Yes, what is it?"
"I'm on board, and I need to destroy the main cannon before it destroys the Emperor's ship. The arrogant fool won't abandon it."
"I can't say I'm surprised. How can I help?"
"I'm a little lost."
"If you give me a minute, we'll join you."
Tanaki looked up at the bubbles holding the two girls.
The console displayed a schematic of the throne room, along with its energy emitters lined along the roof. He looked above him, but couldn't see anything. 
"Damn it."
He held his side arms up and fired blindly into the ceiling. A few shots later he was rewarded by an explosion, as the two girls were released. He caught Aeka as Ryoko flew down more gracefully.
"Let's give Tenchi a hand," said Ryoko resolutely.
"Not yet, Kiyone needs are help. Besides, I think you'd be more of an hindrance."
Before she could complain, Tanaki teleported the two to Kiyone's position.

Washuu looked out of the cockpit to see the Yagami flying in a more erratic way than it had before.
"Kiyone?" she asked over the com.
"Err, Kiyone's not here. I'm flying now. Whoops!"
Washuu cringed as she saw the Yagami narrowly missed flying into the sides of another ship.
"Sit back Mihoshi, I'm taking control."
Washuu sighed, as she began to initiate the control transfer protocols to the Yagami. 
"What's Kiyone doing?" she asked, as she maneuvered the Yagami away from the fighting.
"She's gone to blow up the cannon."
Washuu had forgotten about the cannon.
She checked the status of the Azetaki.
"Shit. Kiyone better hurry up."

Kiyone was moving as fast as she could. The friends blasted and cut their way to the engine room that powered the massive cannon. 
"Better hurry, the cannon's beginning its charge cycle!"
The final bulkhead fell under the influence of Tanaki's two blades. Kiyone took the explosives out of her bag.
"How long should I set the fuse for?"
"Try now!"
Tanaki threw the bag into the main reactor as the others ducked back through the hole in the bulk head. 
"Transport for four to the throne room!"
Washuu watched as the front of the ship exploded shedding debris and plating everywhere. She braced herself as the shock wave hit the Reichan. 
Tenchi steadied himself as the throne room shook. He and Tominaji had been locked in combat for nearly an hour, neither showing any signs of winning or losing.
From their corner the four saboteurs watched, unsure whether they should interfere or not. Suddenly the throne room door swung open. Half a dozen guards spilled into the room, shortly followed by the Emperor and Washuu.
"It's over," announced Washuu. "Your ship is crippled, your fleet has surrendered."
Tominaji smiled.
"It's not over yet." 
He sent a huge energy blast towards the Emperor, who deflected it with his force shield. 
"Ha, I see you are imbued with Jurian power, like this boy is. However it will do you no good. What fools you are, all coming aboard this ship together!"
Washuu shook her head. 
"I disabled the self destruct sequence if that's what you're referring to."
Tominaji growled. Disengaging from Tenchi he teleported to the Emperor, cutting down the guards who tried to stop him.
"At least I shall have my revenge against you!"
Washuu stood back as the Emperor's sword clashed with Tominaji's. The two battled, however the Emperor's sword's energy was rapidly being absorbed by the Tominaji's
 "What's happening?" asked Aeka as she watched her father's weapon fading.
Washuu shook her head as she took her console out of subspace. "I guess it's that sword. It's drawing the Emperor's energy into it."
Ryoko cringed as she watched the battle sway in the favor of Tominaji.
"Then was Tenchi able to fight him for so long?"
Washuu shook her head as she worked on her keyboard.
"I don't know, I haven't had time to study this 'wings of the Light Hawk.' Maybe their too powerful, of the sword doesn't draw in the energy quickly enough. I'm concentrating of saving the Emperor."
The Emperor's sword had failed completely, and he backed off holding a wound on his arm.
"You are mine!"
The Emperor fell backwards on the floor, as Tominaji's dark blade swept down towards him. Suddenly a hole appeared underneath the Emperor, and he disappeared. A second hole appeared beside Washuu, which the Emperor fell out of. 
The Obsidian blade cut deep into the floor, it's target moved from harm.
Tominaji spun round infuriated. 
He launched more energy blasts at Washuu, who stood confidently behind her refraction field.
By now Tenchi had close the distance again, and renewed his attack.
The Emperor picked himself up and frowned at Tenchi as he engaged Tominaji again.
"Is that?"
"Tenchi? Yes. And I believe that's the power of the Light Hawk. Or something like that, I must admit I'm not really clued up on Jurian powers."
Ryoko walked up to them.
"They've been at if for ages. I don't think either one can win."
Aeka shook her head.
"The three wings of the Light Hawk are the most powerful power a Jurian can wield. Tenchi will win."

His fleet was gone. His hopes of taking the throne gone. And now he was fighting for his life. Tominaji could feel his rage build up in him. Because of this, this boy! Beaten by a child!
He roared as he struck Tenchi with the frustration and hatred of four generations. Black charges of energy began to erupt from the Lord's body, striking the walls around the throne room.
 The friends watched as Tenchi deflected blow after blow, each one threatening to splice the boy in two.
"Why won't you die?!" he shrieked, swing his blade even faster.
Tenchi's expression never changed, he showed no signs of tiring, unlike his advisory. The blows started to slow down.
"Why, why won't, won't you die?" Tominaji asked again, slowly, pained.
Ryoko threw herself to one side narrowly avoiding one of the discharges.
"What's going on?" she shouted, more energy streams flew out from Tominaji's body.
"He's losing control," replied Washuu, as she watched uncomfortably as her refraction field was hit and drained by another rogue energy blast.
Aeka's force field appeared around the group offering temporary protection from the ever intensifying assault and falling masonry. 
Washuu began analyzing the discharges, a frown forming on her face. "If Tenchi doesn't finish this guy off soon then Tominaji's going to take Tenchi, us and half the fleet down with him!"
As if to prove her point, a particularly large discharge struck Aeka's field, dispelling it. 

From space the remainder of the fleet watched as black streams of negative energy erupted from the already damaged hull of the flag ship. The Azetaki, which had pulled along side it's counterpart began taking serious damage from the discharges, as the fleet began to withdraw from the vicinity.

Tanaki grabbed Ryoko and teleported to another section of the room as huge slab of masonry fell down where she had stood not a second ago.
"Cheers, I guess I owe you one," she said, her eyes still transfixed on the fight.
"Not even I'm going to be able to save you if this continues for much longer."
Washuu's analysis had not gone well.
She ran over to Tanaki under a hail of random energy blasts and ducked behind a pillar.
"It's going to get worse before it gets better," she announced.
"He's discharging anti-energy. Pretty soon that's going to run out, and he'll start drawing in energy."
Ryoko tore her gaze away from the fight for a second.
"What are you saying?"
"Unless Tenchi can finish this, we're looking at the galaxy's first living black hole, and we're at ground zero. Not even Tenchi can fight a black hole!"
They covered their heads as the pillar they were hiding behind exploded.
"We need to get out of here!"
Ryoko shook her head.
"I'm not leaving Tenchi."
Tanaki shrugged.
"If what you're saying is correct, running's not going to do us any good anyway."
Washuu sighed. "Looks like I might be giving up my professorhood for a martyrdom."

Tominaji had began laughing maniacally. His mind lost in his own dark thoughts, continued to battle on, oblivious of his surroundings.
"I will destroy you yet young boy!" he declared, furiously swinging his sword faster and faster.
"Not even you can withstand my power!"
Tenchi glanced over to the other end of the throne room, where Ryoko and the others were trying to find refuse in the rapidly disintegrating ship.
"It is not my time yet."
Tenchi redoubled his attack, his sword clashing with Tominaji's, as his Light Hawk shield absorbed the countless energy bursts that erupted from Tominaji's degenerating body.
Suddenly Tominaji stopped his attack, a surprised look on his face. A vortex began to form in his chest as he grinned at Tenchi. He looked down at the swirling energy hole, then back up at Tenchi, a wicked and maniacal grin on his face.
"The end is nigh, my friend!" he laughed, as Tenchi felt himself being drawn in. Tominaji's sword dropped from his hand and was sucked into the dark void, as he spread his arms out and tilted his head back laughing.
Tenchi regained his composure and steadied him self as he slid towards the hole. Both hands firmly on his sword he waited until he was a meter away before swinging his blade in a bright arc, cleaving the Lord's head clean off his body. Everyone watched as the head was sucked into the swirling vortex, before the body seemed to implode upon itself, sucked into its own gravity well. The vortex sealed, as an eerie calm befell the huge room.
His sword faded and  his white robes vanished, leaving Tenchi in his original battle armour. He dropped to his knees, physically exhausted. The two girls rushed over to attend to him, while Tanaki checked the status of the fleet.
Washuu winked at the Emperor. 
"Don't know about you, but I'd be proud to have him as my son-in-law."

Tanaki surveyed the destruction that lay before him. Some five hundred allied ships destroyed, more than three thousand dead, many more wounded. It had been a victory, but a costly one.
"We predicted much worse you know."
Tanaki nodded. 
"Even if we had lost ten, I would still be upset."
Washuu sighed and patted him on the back. "It could have much, much worse. Just try to remember that. Without your planning, we may not have won today."
"You were as crucial to this battle as I was Washuu."
"Perhaps. My point is a lot more could have died this day without your dedication. By all means mourn the dead, but do not forget the living." 
Washuu turned to leave the Lord in peace, before pausing. "This might cheer you up."
Tanaki shook his head. "I doubt anything could lighten this day, Washuu."
He felt something pull on his sleeve.
"Hiya!"
Tanaki looked down to see Sasami's cheery face beaming back up at him. He couldn't help but smile.
"You should never doubt a genius."
He picked the little girl up and gave her a hug.
He turned around and followed Washuu out of the observation deck. He had seen enough destruction to last him a life time. 

Tenchi opened an eye and squinted as he adjusted to the light.
"Where am I?"
"The Jurian royal infirmary."
He turned his head to see Aeka smiling down at him.
"How long was I out for?"
"Only a few days. You sure took your sweet time taking down that Lord. What were you doing? Trying to build a crowd?"
Tenchi smiled. He couldn't see the face but he recognized the voice.
"Ryoko?"
The cyan haired space pirate loomed into view.
"I'm here. How you doing?"
"I'm a little tired, but apart from that I'm fine. I'll feel a lot better after some rest."
Aeka looked up at Ryoko.
"You heard him, let Tenchi get some peace and quite."
Ryoko frowned and put her hands on her hips.
"I don't see you leaving princess."
"That's because I know how to be discrete."
"Are you saying I'm not discrete?"
"You're only proving my point."

"My my, you two don't waste any time."
The two girls turned to see Kiyone and Mihoshi enter the ward.
"We brought you a present!" announced Mihoshi, placing a basket of fruit on Tenchi's chest.
Kiyone frowned and placed the gift on the side.
"It's a little clich, but I really didn't trust Mihoshi with anything other than soft fruit. Not after that 'mine incident'"
Tenchi smiled. 
"It's great. Thanks both of you."
"Building up quite a crowd aren't we?" commented Washuu, who was closely followed by Tanaki and Sasami.
"How you doin' Tenchi?" asked Sasami from her vantage point.
"Fine thanks."
He paused and looked up at the little girl who appeared to tower above him.
"How long are you planning to stay up there?"
"Not much longer," replied Tanaki, wincing a little. "Especially if she keeps eating all those cakes."
"Getting a little plump are we?" smiled Washuu, prodding the little princess's belly softly. 
Sasami pouted. "I am not getting plump. Am I?"
The friends laughed. "No Sasami, you're not," reassured Tenchi.
 "Anything happen while I was out?" he continued, eager to keep up to date.
Tanaki lifted the princess off his shoulders and took a seat.
"Well," he started, stretching a little, "the Galaxy Police force has returned to their headquarters, the Jurian fleet is undergoing repairs, and Washuu has began salvaging the remote control fleet."
"I now have the third most powerful fleet in the system!" she declared. "Forty ships in all."
Kiyone turned to the pink haired genius.
"I've been meaning to ask, what exactly do you plan to do with those ships Washuu?"
"Is this Kiyone asking as a friend, or Kiyone asking as a Galaxy Police detective?"
"Both."
"I'm not sure. I'll probably equip them with phase cloaks and add them to my Washuu LTD defense systems empire."
"Just checking."
Washuu grinned. "Then I might go on the occasional pillaging spree, using my mighty armada to plunder unsuspecting trade routes and terrorize innocent planets." 
Ryoko nudged Kiyone out of her trance-like posture.
"She's only kidding."
"Ryoko might though."
"What was that Aeka?"
The glared at each other, growling, fists clench by their sides.
"Err Ryoko, Aeka? Not here please? Please?"
Washuu shook her head in disgust.
"Will you do the honors Sasami?"
Sasami nodded as Washuu pulled a big red button out of subspace.
The two girls seemed oblivious as the others backed away.
"Space trash!"
"Snotty stuck up bitch!"
"Back stabbing, untrustworthy, illiterate..."
Sasami pushed the buttons, unloading gallons of ice cold water onto the squabbling women.
They stood there, dripping wet, absolutely speechless.
"I'm going to give this button to Sasami from now on. Let's see if we can't condition you into behaving like civil people."
The girls said nothing as they left to get changed.
"Let's leave Lord Tenchi in peace now."
They waved goodbye and left Tenchi to reflect on the current events.

With her 'finger on the button', Aeka and Ryoko had managed to avoid any confrontations for days. Tenchi was up and about, and preparations we being mad for the return to Earth.
Aeka stood on her balcony again, as she felt a hand on her shoulder. She closed her eyes and tilted her head, brushing her cheek against it.
She felt Tenchi move behind and embrace her, as he looked out over her shoulder onto the court yard below them.
"It's so peaceful here."
She nodded, but said nothing.
"Is there something wrong Aeka?"
"I was just thinking of the future. Our future."
"What of it?"
"What is to become of us Tenchi? What do you want?"
"I want to be amongst friends. But above all, I want to be with you." 
He kissed her on the neck and put his head next to hers.
"What do you want?"
"I want you to rule with me. Here, on Jurai. But I know your heart is with your own home, back on Earth."
"You're wrong Aeka, my heart is with you, wherever you are. If you want me to become Emperor, then I will, although you must know it is something that I do not want to do."
Aeka sighed and turned to face him.
"I do not want you to do something that you will loath."
He took her hands and pressed them against his chest, looking her straight in the eye.
"It's only that I fear the responsibility that comes with the title that I refused to be Emperor. What if I make a mistake? Millions may suffer because of *my* mistake. I don't have enough confidence with myself to do this."
"The fate entire of the Jurai empire was in your hands a few days ago. You did not falter, and you saved us all. And quite frankly you could not make some of the blunders my father has over his career. You are a kind and compassionate person Tenchi, that is why I love you so much. It is about time Jurai had a leader who cared as much about others as they did about their own personal position. Please think about it."
He nodded.
"Enough talk about the future. What about now?"
She giggled as he led her back into the bedroom.
He laid her down on the bed.
She blushed vividly. 
"Not until we are married Tenchi."
"I know. I just hoped I could at least sleep on a bed this time. That chair is really uncomfortable."
She smiled, put her arms around him and kissed him. The held each other, happy to be with one another, as they slowly drifted off to sleep in each other's embrace.

The Emperor and Empress stood behind the palace grounds as they said goodbye to their daughters. The friends waved back as they boarded the Yagami and Ryo Ohki. Beside the Emperor stood Tanaki.
"Why does Tanaki have to stay?" asked Sasami, almost crying.
Aeka led her sister up the gangway into the Yagami, as she tried to explain.
"Tanaki still has obligations on Jurai. He is the head of the Emperor's personal guard, so he must remain with father."
Sasami broke free of her sister's grasp and ran back down the ramp. Tanaki watched as the little princess ran up to him, tears in her eyes, feeling a little uncomfortable. He felt even more uneasy as she grabbed him around the waist, right next to the Emperor.
"Come with us Tanaki!" she sobbed, squeezing him harder.
Tanaki looked over to the Emperor and Empress, very embarrassed, and a little frustrated. The Empress nodded to him, before taking her husband's hand.
"Come dear, let the Captain of your Guard deal will this. Well shall say goodbye to your future son-in-law."
The couple moved over to Ryo Ohki, where Tenchi was still loading luggage on the ship.
Tanaki prized the Sasami's off and knelt down in front of her.
"I have to stay Sasami. It's my job."
"Then quit."
"Maybe some day, but not now. Your father still needs me. You'll be safe from now on."
"But I want you come with us."
"I'll visit, I promise."
"Promise."
He smiled. "I promise." He leant forward and gave her a kiss on the forehead.
"Better get going."
Sasami gave him one last hug, before running back to the Yagami.
Tanaki watched the little girl return to the red ship, a single tear in his eye. He looked up as the Galaxy Police ship lifted up and slowly disappeared from sight. 
Seconds later, Ryo Ohki lifted up, and followed.
Tenchi looked down at the planet as it became gradually smaller.
"I'm going miss Tanaki."
Washuu nodded. He seemed the understand the value of a good genius."
Ryoko grinned. "Oh and what would that be?"
The familiar sound of gushing water quashed her line of questioning.
"*Never* the question the value of a genius."
Tenchi smiled uncomfortably and backed off.
"I won't, I promise."

Everything was business as usual. Tenchi would work in the fields, Ryoko would laze about the house and Aeka would complain about Ryoko's lazing. Mihoshi and Kiyone returned to their work in the city while Washuu cooked up more 'brilliant' schemes in her subspace lab.
Only Sasami acted differently. She went about her chores with her usual cheery disposition around the others, but whenever she was on her own a more somber mood overcame her.
Tenchi and Ryoko peered around the kitchen door to see Sasami sitting by the table. Ryo Ohki sat on her lap, trying to comfort the little girl as she looked down at the metal ring.
"This isn't good you know," whispered Ryoko.
Tenchi nodded. "He should be here by now. What's taking him?"
The was a ring at the front door.
"Sasami, can you get that please?" shouted Tenchi, as the two ran upstairs.
"Ok," she sighed. 
She pulled the door open to find Tanaki standing in front of her, decked up in holiday gear.
"I've heard disturbing reports that a certain young princess is spreading doom and gloom about. I'm here to stop it."
He knelt down as she ran to hug him. 
"I've missed you!" she exclaimed, beginning to cry. 
Tanaki shut his eyes and smiled. "I've missed you too."
He lifted her onto his shoulders and entered the house.
"Long time no see. Still up to mischief Ryoko?"
"You know, the usual," she smirked. "Did you get them?"
Tanaki held up eight tickets. "Sure did. Let's finish what we started."

Later that day the eight of them were sat around a table by a pool back in Hawaii. Tenchi raised a coconut cocktail in one hand as he stood up.
"It's toast time I believe."
The others got to their feet.
"What do we toast to?"
Tenchi shrugged. 
"Friends?"
Washuu frowned and tilted her head to one side.
"A little corny, but what the hell. To friends!"
"To friends!"
They toasted, as Tanaki began frown and sniff at the air.
"Can you smell burning?"
Tenchi looked at Ryoko, who was doing her best not to laugh.
Smoke was beginning to plume beneath Aeka.
"RYOKO!"

The End

Author's notes:

That took a long time to write. But it was fun, so that's ok. If you like it, if you hate or if you're just lonely, give me an E-mail. I'm really after praise :) or criticism about keeping characters in character. And if any one could bring me up to date on what's happened up to Mantsu no Eve, that would help me write my second fanfic with a little more accuracy to the series. Can the Emperor of Jurai really have two wives? And if this is so, does it make the whole Aeka/Ryoko a little easier to resolve? Or am I going to get massive flak saying 'oh, they'd never tolerate sharing Tenchi.' 
I stuck Tanaki in because another women in the series would be laughable, to take some of the heat of Tenchi, and to give him someone he could relate to, man to man, so to speak. I cannot stress enough how daft the male to female ratio in Tenchi is. Laughable I tells you. And I detracted Sasami onto Tanaki, 'cos I like Sasami (Isn't she Kawaii?) and wanted her to have someone. Tenchi is effectively out of the question, unless she plays her Tsunami/Smart bomb card. Quite difficult to beat a goddess ne?
I didn't use the name Tenchi-ken, for reasons known only to myself. Well is seems a little bit daft of a daft name. Was Tenchi really named after a sword? And I completely forgot about the Galaxy Police control cubes. Gomen nasai. 
A couple more questions before I leave. 
1) Is Washuu really a goddess?
2) What does Washuu actually look like? (Picture would be useful. More curiosity than fanfic info.)
3) Is the Yagami sentient?
4) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?
5) How old are Aeka, Sasami, Yosho/Lord Katsuhito, and how does this relate to human aging? 
6) Is this Jurian women having whips the real deal?
7) How exactly does Tsunami look after Sasami?
8) What's this deal with Aeka having power punches?
9) Tenchi's three wings of the light hawk. Do they act as protection, or as clothing?
10) Just how big is the Jurian Empire? (Was my fleet too big or too small? I've read a fanfic regarding the Galaxy Police's nine hundredth and something fleet. That seems a little excessive.)
11) How hard is Nagi? 

That just leaves me to thank my friend Steven 'weiner boy spod' Alexander for proof reading this fanfic for me. Cheers Steve. You piece of shit. (Private joke).

I'm going to do another Tenchi fanfic, hopefully with a more original plot. 
Until then.
Sayonara. 

