Disclaimerthingydoodad: Nobiyuki and his
whole household of loveable characters are
property of 'the only gods' AIC and Pioneer.
They are not mine, otherwise this would not be a 
'fan' fic, it would be a 'pro' fic.

I thought of this after reading all the bad press
on Nobiyuki from 'he's a big pervert 'to 'I want to kill
him' and decided to write a piece to put an end to it.
This is his fic, and it portrays him finally
as what he really is- an ordinary guy in an
extraordinary world.
This is also a prelude to the 'Tenchi O-Rusuta'
Universe (an arrangement of the Tenchi universe, 
copyright of Jim 'Diabolo' Kage Maru 3:16 and Jinchi), 
but you wouldn't be able to tell.

I hope, as always, you enjoy it.
Yrs.
Jim

		 TENCHI O-RUSUTA©: 
	A DAY IN THE LIFE OF NOBIYUKI MASAKI

MORNING

It was a beautiful morning, cool and crisp, perfect for spring.
White blossoms feathered the ground like warm snow, and the
air was clean.
A mist hung over the forests around his house, and Nobiyuki
was enjoying a lie in-he has finally got off work for the 
weekend, and it promised to be relaxing if not interesting.
He dragged himself up at about 8 'o' clock, which was the
latest he would allow himself to sleep, being an incurable
workaholic, and started making breakfast. He decided to make
it a full breakfast (N.B: for the sake of this story, it is a
full ENGLISH breakfast, although some of you would probably
come up with something a lot more authentically Japanese - Jim).
Bacon, sausage, eggs, hash browns, fried bread and tomatoes
all got a look into this, his famous morning fry-up. He was
damned if he would let dear little Sesami slave away this
early in the morning, especially after she, Ryoko and
Kiyone had stayed up into the night playing a game of
Mah-jong (N.B: I hope this is a bit more native - Jim).
And so it was that two hours later, after profuse thanks
to Nobiyuki and rapid eating that the household was
not only full of food but bounding with energy provided by reams of
unhealthy fat. Even a normally calm Tenchi was having an
energetic game of...something which involved chasing with
Mihoshi and Sesami, kicking up the blossoms. 
Ryoko and Ayeka had gone off shopping- it was so funny to
see them acting rationally, Nobiyuki thought.
Still, that was the way of things around here.
After clearing up, Nobiyuki visited Achika's tomb and talked to 
her before getting inexplicably involved in being chased by Mihoshi.
"Mr. Masaki! You can't hide from me! Heehee!"
cried Mihoshi gleefully. At first she had mistaken him for an
exhausted Tenchi, but now she was following him for part of the
game. For an odd reason, Nobiyuki joined in and was caught up
fully in the silly joy of the flight.
"Boo!" she called, leaping at him through a bush
"Yi!" he replied and fell backwards before haring off across a
field. Mihoshi beard her teeth, put her hands up in a clawing
position and followed in hot pursuit.
"Mr. Masaki! Come baaaaack!" she yelled "You'll never escape 
from...The Mihoshi Monster! Ahahahahaha!"
Nobiyuki, hearing this, collapsed into fits of laughter and
fell down into a shaking heap on the blossoms.
Mihoshi caught up with him and fell down next to him.
"That was fun! Tenchi always gets bored when I chase him too much-
that's why I play with Sesami as well, so she can persuade him to 
keep going."
A small beeping noise came from Mihoshi's wrist. She started
"Eeep! Oh no, it's time for patrol! I'm late again! And we were
having such fun!"
Mihoshi's face fell. Nobiyuki gave her a smile.
"You'd better hurry up or you'll miss Kiyone."
"Oh...okay. I might be able to catch her. Like I caught YOU!"
she squeaked delightedly and giggled. Then she dried up for a
second and kissed Nobiyuki softly on the cheek.
"Thankyou, Mr Masaki! You've been great to play with!"
then she got up and zoomed off shouting Kiyone's name. 
The father of the Masaki household pulled himself up and brushed
himself off. He was suddenly overcome that he had been having
fun with the beautiful woman who he would love to call his 
daughter.
Later on Tenchi met his father strolling up the path.
"Hi, dad!"
"Oh, hi Tenchi. I just took over your roll of being chased by
Mihoshi."
Tenchi laughed
"That's a job and a half, dad!"
"Don't I know it. We must have been going for a half an hour at least.
Have you been training with your Grampa?"
"Yeah."
"You all finished for today?"
"Uh-huh. He says my technique is really coming along. I'd like it if
you watched us one day."
"Oh, that would be great Tenchi. Now, you go see how Sesmai's getting
on- she must be lonely without you."
"Right. See you later, Dad!"
"Bye."
Tenchi carried on walking and Nobiyuki changed his direction 
slightly-he was going to peruse a little training of his own.
The mists were clearing, now, and a watery sun was shining.
Nobiyuki held a kind of bitterness that Yosho still believed 
that he hadn't got the potential to be a swordsman- of course, 
he was an Earth man- how on Jurai could a mere Earth Man 
hope to master the grace of the sword?
Nobiyuki felt an intense guilty pride that he had managed to
train himself almost as well as Yosho could have. Of course,
he knew he would never overtake either him or Tenchi in 
the athletic Jurian swordplay that came so naturally to 
both of them, but he believed that the Earth had just as noble
and mystic arts of the blade as the all-powerful, immortal
'chosen' Jurians.
It was unfair, caught between generations like this- a near
immortal father in law with unworldly powers and knowledge,
not to mention a claim to the Jurian throne, and a potential
filled 'super fly' son who was desired by a million women and
seemed at this moment to excel in a power no one else on Earth,
outside his household, could ever understand. 
He loved them, of course- Tenchi was his only direct family now,
and Yosho had said it himself- "For a son IN LAW, you're very like
me...". It was just that he felt, as the poets had always said
'merely human' And in a house full of space pirates and 
super-model police, it was a rather dull thing to be.
Nobiyuki struck out to the left and jumped on the log, regaining
his balance almost perfectly.
Losing his balance had been a real problem for him, being heavily
set, and he had many times had to explain away a bruise at the
dinner table.
But now he had conquered it. He took his shirt off and tried 
again. He always felt, well, more exposed and vulnerable when
he had his clothes off, which was why, unlike Tenchi, he hardly
ever did even when he was hot.
It was a challenge for him.
He whipped his arm up for a killing blow, then brought it round 
across his body and twisted on his toes so it pointed ahead of
him again.
He carried on with moves like these, jumping and twisting, 
flipping and striking, attacking the air. 
It was about one and a half hours later when he put his shirt 
back on and, feeling satisfied with his own progress, made his 
way back to his house.
He didn't quite spot the smiling, aged face inside the bushes.
Yosho was satisfied with his progress, too.

AFTERNOON

Some time after lunch Nobiyuki started thinking about what he 
would do in the future. He came to a very drastic decision-
he was going nowhere. Going nowhere had been fine when Jurian
ships and evil war lords were afield every day and waiting to
drag him and his bizarre household to another corner of the 
galaxy, but as it went on and days became weeks and his building
work became very formulaic it was time to face the facts.
He decided he would tell them all tonight, at dinner.
But now he decided to get down to some useful work- cleaning
dishes. He looked at the mountain of plates, knives, forks,
chopsticks, cups, bowls full of half eaten teriyaki chicken and 
long grained rice and some tall ice cream glasses.
As he wiped, cleaned, emptied, replaced and dried the cutlery,
the squeaking sound of the cloth was mingled with giggling,
sighing, meowing and the clatter of feet. The girls spent 
most of their afternoons outside in the sun, now spring 
was in full bloom. Yosho and Tenchi were nowhere to be seen,
so Ayeka and Ryoko were not fighting.
No doubt his son and father in law would be training again,
and he was happy for them to get out of the constant loop
of fights Tenchi's presence always caused.
He neared the end of he Herculean task, and noticed a metal 
cup lying waiting for cleaning. He tipped it up and saw-
his reflection.
'Am I bad looking?' he thought to himself as he looked at
his curved features in the cup's bottom.
'Hmmm...not really. Although my hair is too long...so why don't I
just get it cut?' he wondered. The house could look after itself,
and often did.
He walked out of the door. Then he saw a camera on the side.
It was his new one- a simple disposable, unlike his beautiful
auto-focus, zooming, split-screen, controlled exposure camera
which lay upstairs in its box. He had bought it for...well...
he always took pictures of houses, and scenery and suchlike
for his work and private adoration of nature but, somehow he 
always ended up taking a couple of, hmmm...embarrassing photos
(I don't think I need explain any further- Jim) which he
felt ashamed of afterwards. He picked up the camera, and, feeling
sad to do it, made a move to drop it in the bin before stepping out.
However, it bounced off the lip of it and lay on the floor. As he
was about to leave, a gentle feminine voice sounded behind him. 
"Mr Masaki?"
Nobiyuki turned and smiled at Ayeka, for it was she.
"Please, call me Nobiyuki. We've been living in the same house
for long enough, don't you think?"
Nobiyuki had never thought before how little the women used his
first name.
"You seem to have dropped your camera...do you want it back?"
"No thankyou, Miss Ayeka- you can go play with it a while, if you 
want. We don't have many pictures of all you ladies, despite
how long you've been here."
Ayeka looked doubtful.
'Damn.' thought Nobiyuki 'Now you've blown it- you ended up sounding
like some pervert again- you should have said 'visitors' or 'guests- 
not 'young ladies'!'
"Is there something wrong, Miss Ayeka?"
"I...er...don't know how to use one, Mr. Masa...Nobiyuki."
"Oh, well, don't worry."
Nobiyuki showed the young princess how to use the camera,
and then slipped out to make himself look at little more respectable.

EARLY EVENING
As the light drew back from the world, Nobiyuki walked back
from the town thinking about Tenchi and the girls. He thought
about how he had realised Mihoshi's daughter like stance earlier, 
and wondered if she would make a good daughter in law and
wife to Tenchi. He hoped to dear lord Tenchi either chose 
one of them soon or found someone new. Ryoko would make a
strong and exiting wife, whereas you could always find an 
honourable and carefree woman in Ayeka. Then there was Mihoshi-
loving and kind girl if ever he had seen one. 
Not to mention at least three other girls in Tenchi's life.
Dear, dear, what a thing it was to be spoiled for choice
in the world. But Nobiyuki's wonderings had been a simple
re-digestion of a long line of thoughts. He knew what he wanted-
but how could he tell Tenchi the reason he was so anxious for him
to have sex and have children and get married was that he wanted 
Tenchi to have time- the time he and Achika never had. 
But he and Tenchi could never sit down for a 
"Now this is the way it is, son..." conversation because Tenchi 
had grown up so quickly. He guessed Tenchi would work it all out 
some day. His hair cut had still left him feeling quite itchy, so
he had a shower (a cold one, naturally- I mean, wouldn't you if you
were a guy living in the Masaki household?). 
While he was there he heard all the girls shouting- there was a 
movie on. But he couldn't be bothered with that right now, 
he was too busy letting the cool water rush over him. 
As time passed he let the heat up a little, and the steam rose up
inside the glass. He stayed for about five 
minutes, by which time everyone had calmed down to listen to the film. 
It was doubtful they had even noticed he was not there. 
He felt a pang of resentment about this, but then it stopped. 
He dried his still young body with one of the white towels on the 
rail, and decided not to change into anything for the evening yet. 
After all, it was dark in the front room- they were all watching
the film, and he could change for supper later. 
He made his way to join them. 
Unusually, it was not a romance they were watching, 
but a 'slice of life' kind of thing, which meant lots of things-
drama, thrills, fun. He liked those kinds of movies. They all watched 
the screen intently, and, making as little noise as he could, 
Nobiyuki felt his way through the dark and eased himself to a 
sitting position in front of the sofa. 
As he sat there, on a floor cushion placed there earlier, he felt a 
warm sensation up his back. He leant forward.
He realised his naked back must have been pressing into one of 
the girls legs- and it had been stroked against him. He ran his hand
through his newly cropped hair and came out in a sweat. He leaned back,
careful to avoid the leg this time. It still stroked against him, and
in a flurry of movement as an exiting moment happened in the film, he 
felt a figure reach over him and hot lips press against his.
"Mmmm..Tenchi, growing a little moustache I see? You're really 
becoming a man..." 
He recognised it as Ryoko
"...and a man has urges unlike any boy's..."
"What is it, Ryoko?" said Tenchi. He had just come in from the 
toilet, to which he had departed at the beginning of the film and
when Nobiyuki was still in the shower.
"Huh? Tenchi? I..."
"Sshhh!" whispered Ayeka, harshly "Can't you see were trying to watch?"
"Sorry." said Tenchi, and sat down near Nobiyuki.
Nobiyuki was shocked, pleased and worried about what had happened. 
What would he say to Ryoko? What would SHE say to him? 
How could he tell her that he long for the taste of her lips again?
He couldn't.
He got up, and slunk out as quietly as he could.  

LATE EVENING

The film finished still leaving Ryoko dazed at the
unusual occurrences of a kiss from a professional.
Still, Nobiyuki was nowhere to be found.
Actually, he was changing for the evening.
While he was out having his haircut, Nobiyuki had also
done a little pleasure shopping. He had run into 
Ryoko there, still there although Ayeka had departed
for lunch. That had reminded him of the girls, and
how they hardly ever wore human clothes. 
Ryoko had stood out like a banana in an apple barrel,
and Nobiyuki decided he would get all of them a little
something new, since their old clothes were overworn
and he had a good eye for ladies dresses. He remembered
Achika telling him exactly how to pick the right dress
for someone (N.B: If you want to know how, don't ask
me- I would love to know how not to make a mistake in
choosing clothes- Jim) and he had never lost that knack.
And so, as Sesami served out the last of the delicious
noodle soup which was the starter, Nobiyuki changed up in
his room in to a crisp new white suit and lifted several
tissue wrapped packages from a heavy shopping bag, emblazoned
with the insignia of a local dress makers and clothes shop. 
Her cooking had to be some of the best he had ever
tasted. Of course, no chef could touch that place in his
heart and stomach which Achika had filled so well, but
Sesami was a maestro of the mouth and a true toreador
of the tastes.
After the noodles, came the main course of fine lamb 
joints and rice. Ryoko, grumbling at the long grained
seeds, had said she preferred potatoes (N.B.: and
who wouldn't!- Jim) but she ate as heartily as anyone
else, and asked for seconds.
Conversation flowed, with occasional comments like-

"Me and Nobiyuki had fun today!"
-Mihoshi

"Tenchi- have you learned to throw your voice or
something?"
-Ryoko

"Is everyone enjoying their food?"
-Sesami

"Tenchi! She's just being silly again!"
-Ayeka

"Mihoshi! Stop spilling rice on me!"
-Kiyone

"Hmmm...that's interesting."
-Yosho

"Oooooohhhhhhh noooooo...."
-Tenchi

"Meow!"
-Ryo-Ohki

The only notable stuff had been Washu, asking
Nobiyuki some odd questions:
"Mr Masaki, have you ever considered applying your
skills in architecture to the world of 
inter-dimensional physics?"
"No, Washu- why do you ask?"
"Well, I have a problem with the dimensions of
pseudospace- if I knew the exact proportions
of this house, then I could aquaint the extra
portals closer to them and there would be less
chance of an inter-spatial catastrophe."
"Hmmm...it's an interesting proposition..." etc.
Then pudding arrived, and all of them tucked in
as best they could with the weight of pervious food.
As they began to lose steam Nobiyuki spoke up.
"I have some presents for you girls, and a little 
surprise for you and Tenchi, father!"
"Oh, really Nobiyuki- and what is that?" asked Yosho,
calmly sipping his tea.
"We are going to have a fashion show here, if your
all okay with that."
The women nodded dumbly at him, some in the middle
of eating, completely caught off guard by this.
"Would you like to step into the hallway, please?"
he said, and they followed him.
There were several 'Oh!'s and 'Ahhh!'s from behind
the door, and a sound of rustling paper.
Then there was a commotion of squeaks and slight 
smacking sounds.
Tenchi and his grandfather looked at each other
questioningly and shrugged.
Nobiyuki re-entered, looking slightly taken aback
and with a trace of red here and there on his face.
"And please welcome, our beloved models!" he said,
smiling.
Mihoshi stepped in, clad in a figure hugging evening
dress in blue and gold, to match her features. She
was followed closely by a very oddly dressed Kiyone-
blue-green cowboy boots, and a matching blue-green
cowgirl's tunic. It was all completed by a beautiful
hat, bearing the trademark of the shop it had come
from and the logo of the galaxy police (which, if
anyone's interested, Nobiyuki had made up from a
photo of Kiyone in one of her uniforms-Jim).
Then entered a pair of children who would set any
parents heart ablaze at the unsuitableness and
flamboyance of what they were wearing. Sesami
and Washu, in matching designed space-age silver
and chrome suits, with semi-trouser and glittering
shirts. They did an 'Avengers' pose and fired and
their imaginary guns at Tenchi and his Grampa. The
two of them fell around laughing and clapping.
Finally, Nobiyuki's peice de resistance of irony-
first, Ayeka spun in gracefully wearing an Indian sari in
yellow and gold lace. She looked like a belly dancer,
and Tenchi was extremely shocked to see her acting
so naturally. Nobiyuki had worried that she might
be worried about wearing such clothing, being a 
princess, but she was remarkably undisturbed.
Then, Ryoko majestically leapt into the room in a 
flowing, ornate dress with ribbons and bows 
decorating it all over. Nobiyuki loved this- The
wonderful contrast of clothes and personality. 
He enjoyed a bit of reversal now and then. 
However, a couple of minutes after a little more 
posing and thanking him, the girls, Tenchi and
Yosho all calmed down. Now he had got their attention,
Nobiyuki thought, so it's onto the really important things.
He had made his decisions. He was going to tell his family.
Not just Tenchi and Yosho, but his whole family. His 
household. He swelled with pride when he remember it was 
his house that had contained so many varied and colourful
characters.
"Er...everyone. I have made an important choice and I want
to tell you all."
"What is it Dad?" asked Tenchi halfway through a previously
forgotten mouthful of roly-poly pudding-
he swallowed and looked with intent at his father. The girls
and Yosho all followed suit, eager to see if Nobiyuki
would reveal something even more interesting.
"I'm...er...going to quit my job. I'm going to go freelancing,
working from home."
The result was electric, and universally happy.
Sesami leapt with joy.
Ryoko grinned.
Mihoshi hugged him and Kiyone and danced around like
a demented chocolate-coloured hyperactivity case.
(N.B: Which, come to think of it, she is- Jim) 
Kiyone laughed and wished him luck, thinking how wonderful
it to would be to have someone sane around the house.
Washu smiled coolly and reminded him of her architectural
needs.
"Dad, that's fantastic!" said Tenchi "You can finally stay
home!"
Ayeka squeaked joyfully.
"Oh, that's wonderful Nobiyuki!" she said. 
She half-flushed and collected herself
"I feel that still after all this time we haven't got to know
each other- it will be interesting seeing more of you!" 
'Oh dear' thought Nobiyuki 'It's been hard enough just keeping up 
with them all on weekends- what am I going to do?' he answered 
himself 'Have fun. Relax. Stop working.' 
Well, it was going to be hard for a workaholic like him, he thought,
but-what the hell?
They all gave him their congratulations. The meal finished in the 
best of spirits, and after all the clearing away had been done, 
Yosho got up to speak.
"I have a little token of congratulations to give you, Nobiyuki- 
here is a card I made myself."
Yosho handed the card over- it had a gold envelope, and inside it 
read 'Well done Nobiyuki- look under your chair.'
"Oh...thankyou!"
he said, running his hands through his hair. 'What does it mean??' 
he thought.
"And with that said- I think we all need to go to bed." concluded 
Yosho. The others agreed.
"Man, am I sleepy. Too much of Some food just makes you drowsy." 
said Ryoko. 
As she left she turned and looked at the short haired, moustachioed
Nobiyuki for a second- then shook her head and headed upstairs. 
The others followed, Ayeka first, then (at a sensible distance) 
Tenchi, then Washu, the two GPs, Ryo-Ohki and Sesami and finally 
Yosho. Before he went he turned and winked very deliberately at 
Nobiyuki.
"Good night." he said, and disappeared.
Nobiyuki was left alone at the table, and then suddenly he 
remembered- Yosho!
The card! How had he known about his decision before he even 
announced it?
He decided to do as it had said and look under the chair. There
was, to his surprise, a long box there which he hadn't even noticed-
that must be the wily Yosho's slight of hand at work again.
It contained a long, shaven piece of teak or some other hard wood,
and at each end was a beautiful, axe-like piece of metal engraved 
with his name.
It was definitely some sort of a weapon, and one crafted by 
an experienced artist. Yosho must have made it himself, 
Nobiyuki realised. Lying on the exquisite object was a gold card, 
the identical twin of the one he had been given a second ago. 
It read 'I think this is more you than a sword - Yosho'
'Wow! That man always knows what's going on. Well-' thought 
Nobiyuki as he picked up his new weapon, with sleep in his 
heart and food in his stomach, 
'-it definitely is a start' 

THE END

Well, I don't know about you, but I certainly enjoyed it.
Let's hear what you thought (me old dears, me old pals) 
at
coamageddon@ntlworld.com
Yrs.
Jim 'Diabolo' Moore
