Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters involved in
this story except for Dophin and a bunch of other retards.  Please don’t
sue me.

before you start I’d like to say that this story/play was made by me
Quistis and my friend Selphie.  Sorry those aren’t our real names we just
don’t want to put our real names on for certain reasons.  It was a half
and half kinda thing and it took about 2 months to get this far.  I have
another one on the way which is even more interesting than this one so
please read it too.
Thanx,
Quistis and Selphie

**********************************************************
                                A Day of Discovery

Kyo-Oh-Ki: Merow?  Who are you?
Dophin: What business is it of yours?
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Dang, I just asked!  Hey! You trampled my carrots!!
Dophin: Really?  Do you think I honestly care?  Kiss my butt and thanx
for the carrots!! (starts to walk away)
Kyo-Oh-Ki: You miss judge me cause I’m short and fuzzy.  Well, I’ll teach
you!! (transforms into "human" form.)
Dophin: Oooooooo!!  I’m crying cause you turned into a human!!  Here,
take this!! (kicks down south)
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Dude, I’m a chick! (energy sword appears)
Dophin: It still hurts like he*l.  I’m just going to have to take care of
you.  (pulls decorated sword out of robes and takes his robe off)
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Ooooo….Pretty….(sword goes away) I like colors. (eyes shine)
Dophin: Really?  Everytime I complete a certain task I add one more
carving or disign.  Every carving has a significant purpose and is very
magical.  It is bound in spells of every kind.
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Neat, it sounds like Master Kaga-To-san!  Except he was the
Souja!
Dophin:  Huh?  I thought of starting this quest on my own!!
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Wha….What do you mean?
Dophin: NEVER MIND!  Hey, let me see sword, will you?
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Okay.  (pulls off keychain from earing, blade pops out)
Dophin: Gee!  Cool!  Show me some moves!!
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Alright, I’ll try, I’m not too good. (jumps into air, does a
back flip, lands on a tree branch, cuts the tree in half, tree falls)
Dophin: Ahhh!  Good!!  But I can do better!! (grabs staff jumpsinto air
does a three-sixty and lands bringing the staff down to the ground and
shoving it upwards and twisting)
Kyo-Oh-Ki: just a little too close for comfort.  Ya know what else I can
do?
Dophin: What might that be Kyo-Oh-Ki?
Kyo-Oh-Ki: I can shoot thing with my ears!  (her ears begin to twich as
green needles shoot out at a tree.)
Dophin: Well, I can do magic!!  (he grabs staff and holds it upright in
the center.  Mysterious particles begin to swirl around him as he is
slowely lifted into the air.)  See I can fly!!!
Kyo-Oh-Ki: Me too!!  (transforms into BIG spaceship  and floats around!!)
Dophin: NOW I CAN’T DO THAT.  But I can do this. (he summons a great
silver dragon and joins her in the sky)
Kiki: Pretty!  Say,would you like to go to the nearest village?  I’m
getting hungry.
Dophin: Screw you dude!!  You need to go by yourself so I canfly off.  I
know you invitting me was a trick!!
Kiki: Eh?  Trick?  Dude, take a chill pill!  I don’t wanna fight!
Dophin: Well, unfortunatly you don’t have much of a choice!!  Do you
wanna know why?
Kiki: WHY?!
Dophin: I am a hired assassin on orders from Kaga-To to get rid of you
and if you resist me you shall regret it.  I am sorry.  I rather like
you.  But perhaps we have no need to fight and I can think of a way to
show Kaga-To I had killed you so we both can go away happily.
Kiki: Wh..Wh…wha?  But I’ve always been loyal!  I’ve  always done what
was told!  Why now?
Dophin: I have no idea what you have done to deserve this fate perhaps
you can think back to his affairs and remember a plan of his that you
would get in the way.
Kiki: Ma…..Master Tenchi-san!!  He wanted me to kill Master Tenchi-san!
Dophin: Why is this?
Kiki: Well, Master Tenchi-san owns the key of the Jurai family.  Kaga-To
wants that power.  But, what I don’t understand is that… he said I was a
good girl. (begins to Sob.)
Dophin: Kaga-To has no sympathy at all.  If it benefited him he would
kill his own mother. Don’t feel bad.
Kiki: HE DID!
Dophin: Well nevermind then.  What can we do?  Any ideas?
Ki-Ki:  Kick his butt?
Dophin:  Well, technically but we need a plan first.  Hey how are we
gonna kill you?
Kiki: Well, I was created from something Ma Ma Washu made, so I don’t
know.
Dophin: So what we can do is…..(Hears a large crash)  What was that?!
Kiki: Yaaaaaaah!  I hate loud noises!  What happened?
Dophin: (runs to control panel on board his ship) It’s Ryoko!!  I told
her to fire on this ship after 2 hours with my absence she thinks I’m
dead!!
Kiki: Really?  Well, you can prove you killed me and here’s how. (pulls
out red earring and hands it to Dophin.)  Just present it to Kaga-To,
he’ll believe it.
Dophin: Really. Are you going to put it back on after I present it?
Kiki: Yup.
Dophin: Why I would burn it. (another crash rocks the ship) Damn!!  We
have to get out of here!  Is there any type of form you can go into so
you can’t be seen?
Kiki: I can transform into a spaceship, but I must warn you, I’m gonna be
a little edgy cause I’m hungry. (runs, jumps out of ship and transforms)
Climb on!
Dophin: Wait!! To keep up your disguise you need to hide in my robes.
After I reboard Ryoko’s ship unfortunatly she’ll blow this one up.  We’ll
go back to Kaga-To’s planet were we can further plan our assault on him.
Kiki: (transforms into small cabbit, points to collar hanging on tree)
Row! Merow!
Dophin: Great let’s go!! (he gets off ship and re-enters Ryoko’s ship)
Kiki: (grabs collar and puts it on)  Wait up!  (Jumps into pocket of
robes and takes a snooze.)  ZZZ…
Dophin: Wonderful, I could get killed for this…. (mutters)
Ryoko: What did you say Dophin?
Dophin: Nothing important.
Ryoko: Did you kill her?
Dophin: Everything went according to plan.  Where’s my money?
Ryoko: We have to report to Kaga-To for the payment.  But, he wants proof
of the assassination.
Dophin: Here you go.  (flips earring to Ryoko)
Ryoko: (catches it) Wow, nice colors
Dophin: Why does it figure you would act stupid? (sighs)
Ryoko: You’re mean.  I don’t understand something.
Dophin: What? (asks irritated as usual)
Kiki: (whispers) my leg is cramping!
Dophin: Goodbye…(walks to his private quarters)
Ryoko: (shrugs shoulders turns to main computer) Kaga-To… hey, Kaga-To!
Kaga-To: What do you want?
Ryoko: Sir, I have pulled off the murder of Kyo-Oh-Ki to perfection.
Dophin was weak and couldn’t take her, he just wore her down.  (shows
earring)
Kaga-To: Really… I wish to speak to Dophin, send him here.
Ryoko: He rushed to his private quarters for something, I’m not sure
what.
Kaga-To: Fine I will need to speak with him when you arrive.  DO NOT
DAMAGE THAT EARRING!!!
Ryoko: (drip) Alright! Geez, don’t have a freaking conniption fit!
Kaga-To: Over and OUT.
Ryoko: Damn, what an ass.
Dophin: Who the hell was that? (walks in)
Ryoko: no one
Kiki: (whispering) She was talking to Kaga-To-San.
Dophin: thanx (whispers) Really?  So now you talk to yourself.
Ryoko: (blushing) Um…I was…talking to Ryo-oh-ki, Yeah! (holds out
Ryo-Oh-Ki)
Dophin: Sure.  You were talking to Kaga-To weren’t you?!?!
Ryoko: (Aside)  How did he know? (talking to him) NO I WASN’T!
Dophin: I’m not STUPIED!!  Give me my Damn proof back and keep to
yourself until we reach Kaga-To’s Souja.  OK?!?!
Ryoko: Hmph!  Accuse me of crap I didn’t even do!
Dophin: Bull!!
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Merow, (growls)
Kiki: I sense another cabbit.
Dophin: Oh crap!! (yells under breath, and to Kyo-Oh-Ki) There is another
cabbit named Ryo-Oh-Ki here but Ryoko doesn’t know it.  Shhh keep your
voice down!!
Ryoko: Who are you talking to?
Kiki: (curls up in a ball)
Dophin: I’m making my plans by talking to myself now leave me be!!(shut
up Kiki!!)
Ryoko: um…no…. Whatcha gonna do?
Dophin: Absolutely Nothing.  I am not in the mood to kick your ass I have
better things to prepare for. Now Leave Me BE!!!!! (walks into dorm)
Ryoko: Hmmm…what are you doing Dophin? (follows)
Dophin: LEAVE ME BE!!!!
Ryoko: What Are you doing?
Dophin: (more calmly says) Goodbye. (closes door behind him.)
Kiki: Nosy-ass (jumps out of pocket)
Dophin: she was born that way.  Pay her no heed.  She is nosy though.
Now what do you propose we do?
Kiki: My guess would be to kill Kaga-To in his sleep.
Dophin: Yes, perhaps that is the best plan of action.  How will we go
about doing this?  He has countless guards watching him 24/7.
Kiki: That’s were your wrong, he only had one guard and that was me
(smiles wickedly)
Dophin: Really?  That’s good news.  Can you tell me perhaps anyone who
knows him like a brother?  Perhaps a good friend of his?
Kiki: My Ma Ma Washu used to be his professor, and I’ve been with him
since I was a baby cabbit.
Dophin: Perhaps we should pay her a visit.  After meeting with Kaga-To
that is.  But we do not kill him until we figure out a plan first OK?
Kiki: (begins to cry hard)
Dophin: What’s the matter?
Kiki: He… kidnapped… (sniff)…Mama Washu!  He to..to…took her!! (cries)
Dophin: Well now we’ll just have to rescue her then won’t we?  It shant
be that hard.
Kiki: (smiles happily, tears disappearing) Yeah!  I can keep him
distracted or…you could, or (thinks for a moment) Um…Dophin?
Dophin: What?
Kiki: I sense the Souja, we’re close by.
Dophin: Good perhaps when we speak to Kaga-To Ryo-oh-Ki will be stolen by
thieves?
Kiki: I’ll get her, be right back.  (runs off)
Dophin: Wait!!  Not..yet…
Kiki: Yeah? (holds on to Ryo-Oh-Ki)
Dophin: Damn.  I didn’t mean now!!  I meant after we meet with Kaga-To.
Where are we gonna keep him?
Kiki: You have ti.
Dophin: OK?  I do?
Kiki: My earring..
Dophin: Good idea.  Put her in.  Here.(hands her earring)
Kiki: puts on.
Dophin: Great so put her in cause I don’t know how it works.
Kiki: I have to be near him!  He has to be in a range of arm contact.
Dophin: Oh.  OK? Anyway I can only put a spell so she won’t remember
anything and when we go to Kaga-To’s we’ll bring her with us and I’ll
hide her underneath my robes OK?
Kiki: Right!  Just one question.
Dophin: what might that be?
Kiki: Why do I still look like Ryoko?
Dophin: (hits fore-head with palm) change back….
Kiki: Right!  (changes back, a pretty light fills the room) OK, we can
use Ryo-Oh-Ki to get to Kaga-To.
Dophin: you got it now hold the feline up.
Kiki: What are you gonna do?
Dophin: I am going to put a memory spell on her so she won’t remember a
thing said here.
Kiki: Okay, just aim carefully (holds up)
Dophin: Oh no I missed!!
Kiki: Ha ha ha!  Let’s go, friend Dophin! (makes Ryo-Oh-Ki transforms
outside and runs in)
Dophin: a voice comes over the intercom) We have reached the Souja.
Kiki: Do you feel that?  Can you hear it?
Dophin: What?  I don’t hear anything but the announcement.
Kiki: The Souja.  It…it wants my…my gems!  (pulls up sleeves) look, I
have 4 gems, two on my wrists and one in my heart & the last on my
forehead.  My gems are powerful and the Souja would become invincible if
he gets them.  Your staff would provide it with the same power so take
care!
Dophin: Wonderful.  I will be careful so no talking!  Let’s go meet
Kaga-To
Kiki: Right!!

Episode 2  this is a whole new story it should be sperate from the first
part

Guard 1:  Please come this way. Kaga-To has been waiting.
(you follow him to Kaga-Yo’s chamber
Kaga-To: Welcome, Dophin.  I supose you’ve done the job to perfection?
Dophin: Yes Lord, to perfection. (bows and stays down)
Kaga-To: Good good.  She was a good little servant, but her conscience
blinded her little heart.  Tsk tsk, well, do you have my proof?
Dophin: Yes Lord. (stands up and hands him earring.)Ass in our agreement
I would like to keep a souvenir of my kill, therefor I desire to keep the
earring.
Kaga-To: (Checks the earring) Good, but what I wanted was the body….
Dophin: I left it on the ship.  Ryoko blew it up. (nervously)
Kaga-To: Really?  Stupid girl.  Her body was perfectly made, I could have
used it for… Well nevermind that.  Were there four colored gems?  I
believe one was red, blue, yellow, and green?
Dophin: I know nothing of any gems, but I do remember seeing a shiny
something on her forehead.  It is a lost cause.  Where is my money?
Kaga-To: Where’s the one on her forehead? (anxiously)
Dophin: I believe it was destroyed in the blast.  Just get Washu to make
another one it’s not like its the end of the world.
Kaga-To: How….do you…know about WASHU!?!?!?!
Dophin: Hello?!?! I am a mercenary.  I have served other people before
and Washu is one of them.  I am not stupid.  I know she is a great
builder of things.
Kaga-To: I see.  Fine your money…(spotlight on a trunk) is there
Dophin: Thank-you I wish to have the earring Lord.
Kaga-To: But, I wanted to keep it for sentimental value.
Dophin: Bull!! It was part of our agreement!  It want it!
Kaga-To: Fine!!  (throws it at Dophin)
Dophin: (catches it calmly) Thanx!  See ya!  Oh and by the way…Do you
know where I can find Washu?
Kaga-To: Hmph No Idea.
Kiki: (whispers) You Lying…
Dophin: Surely you know something?
Kaga-To: Nope.
Dophin: Well, if you don’t know where she is where is the last place you
saw her?
Kaga-To: Just when she had me adopt Kyo-Oh-Ki.
Dophin: Well, thanx anyway.  Say, can you get a guard or two to help wit
my money?
Kiki: (whispers) He didn’t adopt me!!  He kidnapped me! (sobbing) He…He…
Kaga-To: Right, I’ll send a couple crystal flunkies with you. (snaps
finger, crystal flunkie float w/ chest)
Dophin: Thanx!  Oh and if you ever need my services again just look
around I’m sure you can find me with some difficulty.
Kaga-To: (laughs) Right, by the way, when Kyo-Oh-Ki died, did she suffer?
Dophin: Quick and painless.  She never even saw me coming.
Kaga-To: I see…hmm. (thinks) Too bad, her strength was exceptional.  If
only she’d listen to her master *heh heh*
Dophin: I’m sure it must have been bad what she did.
Kaga-To: You could say that… I shall be seeing you later tonight.  (turns
and begins to play organ)
Dophin: Tonight?
Kaga-To: Don’t worry, you’ll see. (laughs & continues to play)
Dophin: Sure, whatever.
Guard 1: I will show you the way to your ship courtesy of Master Kaga-To.
 Follow me.
(later on the ship)
Dophin: What did he mean tonight?
Kiki: Not sure, but I think it’s trouble.
Dophin: Yes Obviously.  But at least I got my money! *heh heh*
Kiki: Now you even opened it? (looking about to crack up laughing)
Dophin: Nope…Oh Shit!!!
Kiki: He totally blew…you…O-f-f!  Its how he keeps his money flowing.
Dophin: Oh NO!!  NO ONE CHEATS ME!! (storms out of ship)
Kiki: Calm it!  We’ll get him back, if you go back now, you’ll die!  We
need to have a cool head here, ok?
Dophin: Bull!!  That Pervert took my money!  It’s mine!!  But your right,
(more calmly)  I’ll have my revenge and I’ll take the money!!  No one
plays Dophin for a fool….
Kiki: Perverted?  What’s that?
Dophin: Sick, nasty.  Good lord don’t make me explain it! It’s bad just
think of it that way.
Kiki: Nasty?  When I was with him, I wore "thong things" and these bikini
things, I’ve heard people say things like that.  Master Tenchi has a
nosebleed Everytime he sees me dressed like that! (giggles)
Dophin: Uhhhh…yeah sure.  Anyway, why don’t you show me your human form
again?
Kiki: O-cha`!!  (transforms "human") What do ya think?  Too skimpy?
Dophin: (stares stupidly)
Kiki: My answer?
Dophin: huh? Oh yeah.
Kiki: Yeah! (smiles) your different. Kaga-To only liked it when I was
dressed like a space pirate. (see earlier)
Dophin: Well, I guess I think you should stay human a little longer.  It
won’t look good if we get caught with one of the few cabbits made if you
know what I mean.
Kiki: What about my ears and tail?
Dophin: Wear a hat and put your tail inside your pants…
Kiki: Okay, but call me…Um…RyuKi.
Dophin: Ryuki?  Naw.  Something I’ll remember.
Kiki: Like what?
Dophin: I don’t know, think of something.
Kiki: Akimi?
Dophin: Sure, why not? Hi Akimi.
Kiki: Tee Hee! This’ll be so much fun!  (jumps up and down, giggling)
Dophin: Yeah, anyway lets just wait until Kaga-To calls us.
Scene 3
Kiki: Z…Z…Z…(snores) Z…Z…*pop* eh?  Dophin?  Dophin?  Dophin!  What,
where are you?  I hear something!  It’s Kaga-To!
Dophin: Ahhh…le’me alone!! (roles over)
Kiki: But…It’s coming!
Dophin: What are you talking about?
Kiki: Souja!  It’s coming!
Dophin: Ahhhh!! Crap!!  Ok, let’s go!! Does he know your human form?
Kiki: You could say that.
Dophin: ok, whatever I don’t want to know.  Can you change into a male
human?
Kiki: No, but I can change my looks w/clothes(changes into a costume)
Dophin: Cabbit form again then?
Kiki: Yup.
Dophin: Ok…
Kiki: Now then Kaga-To should be in the main chapel, it would be wise to
distract him, Then blow his brains out!
Dophin: We can’t kill him untill we talk to Washu.  We can knock him out.
 I’ll supply the distraction you knock him on the head or whatever.  You
ready?
Kiki: Okay, just be careful.  KagaTo’s smarter than he looks.
Dophin: Let’s go.  (walks into Souja and sees something very unexpected)
What the heck?  I thought?  I’m gonna kill him!
Kiki: Wha?  What is it?
Dophin: Crap!!
Kiki: (claw leg hairs) What, What WHAT?!
Dophin: Ohhh *he he he* Stop!
Kiki: I can’t see.  What is it?
Dophin: It’s…It’s…
Kiki: What Kaga-To naked?
Dophin: No!  That Lying son of a…
Kiki: Sea Cow?
Dophin: WASHU?!?!
Washu: Hey you help me out here!
Guard 2: Hey shut-up Woman!!
Washu: Ahhh…..(taken away)
Kiki: Mama?  MAMA!! (jumps out of robes) MaMa!
Washu: Kyo-Oh-Ki?  HELP!!
Dophin: never mind her it isn’t our place to rescue her yet let’s go.
(walks up to Guard)
Guard 3: Let me show you to the Dinning Hall.
Kiki: What for?
Guard 3: For dinner of course!  He is waiting.
Kaga-To: Welcome!!
Kiki: Crap!! (thinks)
Dophin: May I be excused for a moment please? I need to use the bathroom.
Kaga-To: Yes of course, down the hall last door on the left.
Dophin: (talks to Kiki in bathroom) You can’t yell like that in front of
Kaga-To.  Your suposed to be dead!!
Kiki: He makes me SO MAD!  He should be dead!!!  That’s it! (begins to
leave)
Dophin: Oh no you don’t. (grabs her and holds tightly) You will be quiet
and contain your-self or I shall gag you!!  Now, what are you so upset
about?  Is it Washu?
Kiki: (angry tears fill eyes) Yeah.  My mother…me…everything.  There’s
nothing left now.
Dophin: I don’t have time for this.  You will have something, but not
right now.  I need to take care of something and your not making it any
easier for me.
Kiki: Merrr…fine!  (rolls up into a big puff-ball)
Dophin: Thank-you we’ll talk more about this later.  Now are you quite
ready?
Kiki: (muffle "Yes")
Dophin: Ok, Let’s go.
Kaga-To: Are you OK?
Dophin: Quite fine actually.  Nature called.
Kaga-To: T-M-I.  Anyway can I get you a drink?
Dophin: Yeah, whatever for me.
Kaga-To: I’ve gotten word Kyo-Oh-Ki has been seen in your presence.  I
want to see if it is true.
Dophin: Who informed you of this?
Kaga-To: Sources.  Just sources.
Dophin: Sources?  Hmm well (more loudly) Kyo-Oh-Ki if your in there come
out!!
Kiki: I can? (muffled)
Dophin: Don’t be afraid!  Come out!  (pauses…listens) Would you like to
check my robes?  I might have smuggled something in. (Sarcastically)
Kaga-To: We seem to be taking offense here.  Sure, why not? (snaps
fingers, guard comes)
Dophin: I do really like you Kaga-To but hold that thought (light balls
around him as he puts hands together closes eyes and whispers a word.
Everything freezes) Come out Kiki.
Kiki: (Rolls out) What, I’m trying to watch my soaps.
Dophin: Shut-up.  Listen I am going to put a spell on you.  You will
become invisible so don’t be alarmed and stay out of the way.
Kiki: Uh…OK?
Dophin: (raises hand particles fly in, make a bright ball of light and he
points it at Kiki.  She becomes invisible)  Now shut-up and stay next to
me. (un freezes everything.)
(guards inspect Dophin’s things)
Guard 3: Nothing here lord.
Kaga-To: Fine.  Now then, how are you?
Kiki: (scratches ears, yawns)
Dopin: Whatever, my money?
Kaga-To: Excuse me?
Dophin: What did you fart or something?  My Money I W-A-N-T  I-T!!
Kaga-To: I already paid you.
Dophin: Seriously, I want it and if you refuse, then I will have to use
force.
Kaga-To: I’ve paid you Dammit!
Dophin: Why bother lying when you know you’ll get caught eventually?
Kaga-To: The earring.
