Chapter One: "Genesis"

	Malificia looked around him, "Hehe, I never expected they would be able to rally this many people against me, 
Well I guess mob-mentality is more powerful a human trait then cowardice."
	"Give it up Evil One! The righteous shall always prevail!" The tall man raised a hand towards the sky as he 
spoke, attempting to indicate he was on a divine quest."
	"What a fool. He knows he has no chance to destroy me, yet he deceives himself to believe he has... Typical 
Godist", Malificia mutters under his breath as he turns to face the throng behind him. "My you and your little army do 
frighten me, You see, All the power you’ve seen emanating from my home was merely an illusion, a bluff to hold you at 
bay while I sacrificed your children to my dark lord." Malificia laughed out as he turned his back on them again. It was 
meant as a joke, but hearing his words sent a hush over the crowd, quickly replaced by their violent bloodlust.	
	"Ahh as we knew already. No God would allow one such as you any power. Now you will pay for your crimes. 
Are you ready to die, sinner... What was that?!"
	Malificia spun around just in time to see the entire mob disappear into dust, a silent cry held upon their lips. 
"Its You..." he whispered.
	"Such a waste of good human flesh, wouldn’t you agree Lithan...?" The voice was sweet, but harsh and cold, It 
reminded Malificia of the whisper of the wind, but it was so powerful it could grip a man and hold him silent in fear.
	"My name is Malificia, Here and for ever more" Malificia interrupted him. He Looked straight at the being before 
him, and he remembered why they had often been called angels. The presence nearly overwhelmed him, It was blinding, 
beautiful and terrifying all at once. He felt a tightening in his chest that he knew was terror.
	"As you will my dear Malificia, although be careful not to be too welcoming of your humanity, it appears you may 
have been human for too long old friend... when even your reflection terrifies you. Hmm perhaps you’ve even become a 
mortal now.  Would you like me to test you, well learn just how human you’ve become." The creature walked towards 
Malificia, and drew a long kris from the air. Malificia looked at the blade and smirked, then drew a weapon from his side, 
the blade seemed to flow into his body, it had no real form that could be identified, and it seemed to shift in and out 
of reality itself.
	"Ahh so you do have it, the Chaosblade, and in your mortal realm too. That’s very risky, no telling who 
could get their hands on it around here."
	"Are you saying that any of these creatures could do any worse then you would Darcathin?"	"Its no longer 
a question of what I would do Malificia, Now it is what I will do. As I said before, You’ve been human far too long, 
you are weak, and tired. Why I wonder if you’ll even be a worthy opponent." As he finished the last word, Darcathin 
flew at Malificia, slashing at his chest, rending his tunic.
	"That one was free," Malificia said "Now you will be reminded of my true power." The room fell dark as his eyes 
began to glow an intense red. A mark appearing on his forehead glowing even brighter." With a flash, He stood opposite 
Darcathin, Garbed in full battle gear. Human eyes would not be able to tell them apart, these two awe-inspiring creatures 
standing opposite from each other.  "Now..." Malificia began, "I will destroy you once and for all." Malificia said.
	Impressive that you could even ascend back into your true form Malificia. I suspected you would be weakened by your 
extended vacation, But even I had no idea the toll it had taken on you. This wont even be fun."  The two creatures flew 
at each other and launched into a great battle. Blades clashed and energy cracked. It was just a blur, as they moved 
at such speed they even bent the light. 
	The energy released was so great, the entire planet shook and an area many miles around them burst into flame. And 
finally the explosion of power ceased, The fires extinguished themselves immediately and the dust settled, exposing an 
image of a post apocalyptic world. One creature stood over the other holding the blade at his throat. "Well, I see I 
underestimated you Malificia, that was a good battle. But now it is over, and I must destroy you. Now give me the Blade." 
The fallen one held out his weapon, and just as the victor reached to take it, it crumbled into dust. "NO! You Bastard!" 
The victor screamed and he ran Malificia through with his dagger."
	"Do you remember," Malificia whispered with a smile on his face. "Do you remember what I told you, when you 
first said you would live forever?" And with that he crumbled to dust.
	Darcathin looked at the sky and screamed with rage.


Chapter two: "An Unwanted Guest"


	Sasami woke up in a cold sweat. She couldn’t explain why she had seen what she had. Had someone wanted her to see 
it? What did it mean? She struggled to remember what had happened even as she slowly lost every memory. She finally 
completely woke up, and all she could remember was the burning red eyes, and the last words. 'Do you remember what I told 
you when you said you would live forever?'. She began sobbing silently, not even sure why. 
	She stood up and looked out the window. Those eyes... Those piercing red eyes, she felt like they would be burnt 
into her memory forever. She felt a sudden chill, and went back to bed, crawling under the covers still weeping softly. 
And she fell asleep still seeing those eyes.
	"Silence. All I can hear is silence. I’m entombed in darkness. I feel cold, but I cant fully recognize why. I’m 
dead. Aren’t I? Can we die? Who are we? What am I? Where am I? Is This real?" Slowly in space, Matter begins to pull 
together, Being pulled out of dust of a recent death. "What Luck," Malificia thinks to himself, "Two Humanoids were slain 
here recently.  Powerful ones at that." Slowly the form takes shape, arms and legs begin forming, a skull appears and 
flesh is pulled over it. "One isn’t complete, The other is whole." The features begin exacting themselves. Eyes are 
formed, and hair. And it is complete. "I’ve finished" Malificia smiles and fades out into unconsciousness.
	Katsuhito looked up from his shrine, he could swear he just heard the fluttering of birds. Not strange in itself, 
but this power he sensed. It was unlike anything he had ever felt. He turned towards his door, just before he heard a 
gentle knock. Slowly he got up and walked towards the door. He opened it and looked at his guest. A young woman stood 
there, she bowed to him and quickly asked, "Are you the keeper of this Shrine?"
	"Yes, This is a good place, He will be well hidden here, I sense many powers here that will mask his detection 
from them... At least long enough for him to regain his strength," Lilith thought to herself. She knew she had chosen 
this place well.
	"I am the keeper of this shrine, yes. What can I do for you miss?" Katsuhito gestured, Inviting her in. 
"Would you like a cup of tea," he offered.
	"Please," she said as she situated herself at his table. 	
	Katsuhito put tea into the pot and filled it, then set it to steep. "So miss, What brings you here?"
	"Well, I have a friend whose a distant descendant of one of the early keepers of this shrine. He’s recently 
fallen very ill and he wishes to spend the last of his days where his ancestors did." Lilith said, Thinking "I can 
destroy a planet with a word, and that’s the best lie I can come up with?"
	Katsuhito knew she was lying, after all he had been the only keeper of this shrine since he created it. But 
there was something about her, her voice was very assuring, something told him that he must accept this. She began 
to speak again... "I can gladly pay you for the inconvenience..."
	"That’s not necessary," Katsuhito remarked. "Your friend is welcomed here for as long as he need stay. Far 
be it from me to deny a dying man his last wish."
	"You are most gracious, my friend," Lilith began. "A thousand thanks." Katsuhito poured her a cup of tea, 
as she continued. 
"We will bring him around this evening if that is acceptable." She sipped at her tea. "It is excellent, Thank you."
	"That will be fine, You can take him to the house at the bottom of the steps. Will you require any help?" Lilith 
got up and Katsuhito did as well.
	"No thank you, We will be able to handle it. Thank you again for the tea." She bowed to him and turned to leave.
	"I’m sure Washu can prepare a room for him." Katsuhito thought to himself. "Why did I invite him though? I just 
felt like I had to, that’s strange." Once Lilith is out of sight he turns around to go back in, and again he hear’s the 
fluttering of birds.
	"There, Its all done Katsuhito. Tell me, Is this guest a friend of yours?" Washu asks Katsuhito without even looking 
up from her computer screen.
	"Actually I haven’t ever met him" Katsuhito admits, hoping Washu doesn’t ask any further questions as even he isn’t 
sure how to explain why he invited this man. He Thanks Washu and walks out of her lab. "Why did I invite this man?" he 
wonders again, as he walks away.
	Malificia slowly opens his eyes and looks around. "I’m back on Earth?" he whispers. Then he sees her. "Lilith? 
Is that you?" Slowly the creature glimmers into form, and turns towards Malificia.
	"Yes it is me Malificia. You scared us, we thought you were dead. The others still do. I cant risk telling them, 
I don’t know who our friends and enemies are anymore." She looked painfully at Malificia, "Why? Why didn’t you destroy 
Darcathin when you had the chance? Noone else would have betrayed us then. We would still be what we were in the 
beginning."
	"We are still what we were in the beginning. We are just being more honest about what we are. They all would have 
been betrayers at heart, even if they had never acted on it... Darcathin was merely their opportunity. You need to accept 
that the beautiful world we all had created was just a Lie. This is the reality of it! This place where people are all 
good to themselves and evil to each other. This is where might makes right. This is truth. Although you are right in 
saying I should have slain Darcathin. I was foolish and believed that eventually he would give up, I thought he would 
silence. Now I know that death will be the only silence of him." 
	Lilith scowled, aware that what he was saying was truth, but not wanting the knowledge. "I have arranged for a 
sanctuary for you. The area is flowing with many different powers, It should be easy for you to conceal yourself within. 
They were told that you are dying and wish to reside there on your last days. They will give you your privacy. We should 
go there now."  She handed him a Long white hooded Robe, and turned, gesturing for him to follow her, slowly forming 
herself a human body as she walked.
	"Thank you, Lilith" Malificia stood and followed Lilith as she led him to the Masaki household. 
	Katsuhito heard a knock at the door and went to answer it. There stood the woman he had spoke with earlier, and 
next to her a tall, pale gentleman wearing a long hooded cloak that concealed all but his lips. Something about this man 
reminded him of someone, but he couldn’t quit figure out who. He realized he was staring and quickly turned to face the 
woman. "Hello, again." He turned back to the man and again paused, certain he knew this man. "My name is Katsuhito", he 
said.
	Lilith Greeted Katsuhito and bid farewell to Malificia, then bowed to Katsuhito and turned to leave. 
	"Many thanks, sir. I am Malificia.", Malificia said as he bowed. When he stood up again he gave Katsuhito a weak 
smile. 
	"Let me show you to your room." he replied as he noticed the fierce teeth of his guest... He knew this man, But he 
just could not place him. "Please, follow me", he said as he turned and led the man to his second story bedroom, Or rather 
the portal to his bedroom, that masqueraded as a door. He paused for a second as he thought he heard the fluttering of 
birds. He quickly continued and showed Malificia into the room. "Is there anything you require", Katsuhito asked.
	"Just rest, My journey was tiring", Malificia replied. And bowed again to Katsuhito.
	Katsuhito returned his bow and left, closing the door behind him. "Who is that?" He wondered. "I know I know 
him from somewhere... But Where?"
	"Hmm, This isn’t the universe I left, They have dimension doors here, humans weren’t even near that technology 
when I left them. Lilith must have brought me here. Of course. To leave me in the same universe as my hunter would be 
foolish, even if he did think I was dead. But she didn’t say anything of it... I wonder if she found me here. Oh well, 
I need to rest, Summoning a body was far more taxing then I expected." Malificia stretched out on his bed as he thought. 
Then he turned and went to sleep.
	Malificia didn’t know how long he had slept. In his sleep he was haunted by dreams. Terrible dreams, part memories 
and part visions. He saw the entire host of his brethren, separated into two forces, all raging... screaming for blood. 
Weapons drawn they fell upon each other. And he saw carnage that he could never have imagined in his waking hours. Finally 
he saw a blurry image, standing on the bodies of the fallen. The last survivor slowly began to shift into focus, and just 
before he could see who it was. He was awakened by a scream.
	Startled, he lept out of bed, and before him stood Ayeka, still screaming. He stared at her for a second, 
"What terrifies her so", he wondered. Just then Ryoko, Tenchi, Mihoshi, Sasami and Katsuhito ran into the room.  
They all gasped and stared at him for a second.
	Katsuhito was the first to speak... "It cant be..." he said.
	Ayeka stopped screaming and shook her head, "No, It cant be you... There is no way..."
	Ryoko just gasped "Kagato".


Chapter 3 "A Realization"



	Washu burst into the room... "Hey what’s going on in... Kagato!"
	Ryoko flew at Malificia with her energy sword, before he could react, She had slashed his throat. His hands flew up 
by instinct and grabbed around his neck as blood poured out. His yellow eyes Began to glow Bright Red and the entire 
room stood frozen as the blood stopped, he suddenly was flung backwards, his arms stretched out and his head hanging 
lifelessly... His eyes and the gem began to grow brighter, and his white hair shot into the air as electricity crackled 
around him. His hair turned burning red and appeared to catch flame. His body began slowly to change shape, his bone 
structure began to change, until he was back into his original human form. He lifted his head, and fell forward, 
released from whatever had held him. His pale flesh began to crack and break, as his clothing burnt to ashes off 
of him.  From his flesh large Spikes shot out, and he crumbled over in pain. The spikes collapsed onto him 
and began to lock together forming a solid plate of armor coating his entire body. He lay there folded over, 
on his hands and knees panting for a moment, then stood up. 
	"Those eyes", Sasami whispered "Those are the eyes."
	There was a moment of silence as they stared at Malificia. He stood before them, Standing well over six feet 
tall, coated with a deep black armor, His eyes pools of deep green with a red pupil within them. The red mark on his 
forehead burning with a mild luminescence to it. His features were carved and drawn, emphasizing his height and slim, 
muscular build. His hair settled upon his shoulders and hung 
down to his mid-back, it was the deepest black. Malificia looked at himself "The transformation has begun" he thought. 
He broke the silence finally and said... "I do not wish to fight you."
	Ryoko flew at him again, slashing down. This time he was prepared for her, and he summoned a blade, blocking 
her blow. Ayeka quickly realized what was occurring and joined in the combat. Tenchi ran off and returned with the 
master key and jumped into the battle. Meanwhile Katsuhito and Washu merely watched, as Mihoshi fumbled in her pockets, 
looking for her Galaxy Police pistol.
	Malificia quickly realized that these people were in no mood for a discussion and prepared to defend himself. 
Ryoko and Tenchi fell back as Ayeka Fired a volley of energy blasts at Malificia. they hit him in the chest, but he 
barely noticed them. She quickly ran at him and punched him in the chest. He grabbed her by the hand and shot her 
backwards. "Of course," Malificia thought, "The body I had taken, belonged to one most hated by them.
	Tenchi came next and swung his blade down at Malificia. Malificia caught him by the wrist and disarmed him, 
taking His blade and throwing it aside. Then throwing him backwards to where Ayeka was getting up from her failed 
attack on him. Ryoko teleported behind him and drove her blade straight into his chest. When it hit his armor, it 
shattered and disappeared.  Ryoko teleported over to Tenchi and Ayeka then, and they all began to back away. "Kagato 
is more powerful now then ever." Ryoko whispered.
	Malificia's eyes began to fade, and his armor slowly began to sink back into his flesh, being replaced by his black 
clothes and cloak. "Please stop this, I mean you no harm. And I am Malificia, not Kagato, I merely borrowed his body. 
But I can explain that once we have all settled down."
	Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other then over at Katsuhito, Who nodded at them. They stood up and walked 
over to the others. "I found it", Mihoshi yelled, then pointing a gun at Malificia said "I’m going to arrest you Kagato."
	Malificia sighed and waved a hand, and Mihoshi's pistol crumbled into dust. She stood there dumbfounded, then 
fainted. Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi all rolled their eyes.
	Malificia walked past them all, and led the way downstairs into the living room where he took a seat on the couch. 
After a moment they followed and arranged themselves around him. Katsuhito carrying Mihoshi and laying her on the floor 
by the couch, then turning to Sasami saying "Sasami, why don’t you go prepare dinner?" Sasami paused then ran off 
into the kitchen.
	Malificia had already decided how much of the truth they needed to know, and how much they could not know... and he 
began to speak. "My name is Malificia, I am a sorcerer from another Universe, I have spent years studying the art and 
the power that controls life and death, creation and destruction. While I was foolishly unprepared, I was attacked by 
an old enemy of mine. I was almost defeated, but as my last action, I Annihilated myself, to keep my power from my 
enemy. While I knew much about life and death, I was unaware as to what exactly would occur to myself."
	"I found myself existing, but not existing. Or rather, Aware of existence but not truly existing myself. I was 
weak from the battle, So I didn’t even have the power to create a body for myself. Thus, I summoned a nearby body. 
Which I suppose happened to be this Kagato you speak of. I took this body, but the exertion of recreating it drained me 
of the last of my power, I collapsed into unconsciousness. And when I Awoke, I found that an old friend of mine had found 
me, She had felt the powers that reside in this place and realized that they would hide me well from any of my enemies 
seeking to finish me off, until I was strong enough to return and face my enemies. The rest I have had in this place 
gave me just enough power to return to my original body, which you see before you now. And that’s about it. If you wish, 
I can leave now."


Chapter 4 "The Welcome"




	"Wait a Minute", Tenchi said, "Your mean that you are dead?"
	Malificia smiled. "Not exactly. In my experience, death is more of an action then an end. While it is possible to 
completely annihilate a creature, it is not easy, and certainly death is not capable of such destruction. But rather death 
is merely another point in the cycle of life. I have experienced death, More then once in fact. But I don’t believe I’m 
what you would classify as dead."
	"Then these enemies you speak of, they mean to completely annihilate you?" Katsuhito asked.
	"Yes"
	"While I don’t see what choice we have. We cannot let them get to you. You are welcome to stay here as long as you 
like."
	"WHAT?" shouted Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko.
	"Yes, I promised his friend that he could stay as long as he wished and I wont change my promise." Katsuhito said to
them.
	"I Thank you." Malificia said as he tried to understand what this mans real motivation for having him stay was. 
Malificia then turned his attention to Washu, who was sitting next to him, looking him up and down.
	"That armor you were wearing, what was it?" Washu asked.
	"It was something of a cross between a human exoskeleton and an almost reptilian scale sort of plating. I really 
don’t know that much about it."  Malificia responded.
	"Can you create it at will?"
	"Yes"
	"Interesting" Washu said, Getting a look in her eye that could only be her anticipation of a yet unknown test 
subject.
	"But I couldn’t possibly accept your hospitality without some sort of repayment, Lilith told me you refused her 
money, but I insist that I earn my keep." Malificia said turning to Katsuhito
	"Very well then, I’m sure Tenchi could use help in the fields, and I can always use help caring for the shrine. But 
that will wait until you are stronger, Now you need your rest."
	Sasami ran into the living room, much happier then earlier, cooking always seemed to cheer her up. "Lunch is 
ready, she said.
	"Before you rest, wont you join us for lunch?" Katsuhito asked Malificia.
	"Certainly, It smells delicious." Malificia said turning from Katsuhito to Sasami and smiling. 
	Sasami froze for a second, seeing his blood red pupils and remembering how his eyes filled with red just like in 
her dream. Then they all headed towards the table and sat down to eat.
	Dinner conversation was mostly about Kagato, and things such as aspects of Malificia's power. Often times someone 
would inquire about Malificia past and he would tell them half truths and quickly change the subject. He had long ago 
learned that Humans couldn't comprehend much less accept his true past. 
	When they had finished Malificia excused himself. "I believe Ill go take a walk, and clear my head, thank you for 
the meal Sasami." Before anyone had a chance to question him further he had already left. He knew what had to be done, 
Right now he had only regained a small amount of his true form. He had to go and try to ascend further. The longer he 
delayed it, the more painful it would be. He walked deep into the wooded mountains surrounding the Masaki house, "What a 
great spot Lilith has picked, It really is perfect." he thought to himself.
	Ryoko left right after Malificia. She knew there was more to him then met the eye. Had Kagato really lived... was 
this all just a plan of his? She had seen him. That was Kagato, It wasn’t some duplicate or whatever this man claimed to 
be. She had to find out what was really going on. She quickly caught up with him, and began silently following him, deeper 
and deeper into the mountains. She followed him noticing that as he walked, he gained speed, Until finally he just took 
off flying. He flew straight up into the sky. Ryoko could barely keep him in sight he was moving so fast. Finally he 
stopped. 
	Ryoko watched as His hair became pure white, then red. His eyes and the gem on his forehead began to glow with the 
same fiery red color. His flesh singed and his clothes burnt to ashes again and the spikes again tore through his flesh 
and made that suit of armor she had seen before. Suddenly Malificia Cried out in agony, But it wasn’t a human cry, it was 
something else. It shook her and she had to cover her ears. Still she watched, as through his armor she saw his shoulders 
flexing and rips form up and down his back, one on each side. She saw something begin to exit these wounds. Malificia's 
cry became even more horrible. She could feel an incredible pain throughout her whole being. Then there was a flash, and 
before her stood Malificia Garbed in the jet black armor with two flowing black, powerful wings stretching out behind him, 
The rips in his armor repairing themselves and interlocking with the bases of the wings.
	The cry stopped and Malificia’s Hair turned back to black and fell to his back again. His Armor disappeared, again 
replaced with his clothes. And finally his wings disappeared. He looked into the sky and let out another cry, a human cry, 
before collapsing unconscious again, and falling down to earth. 
	Ryoko stood there frozen in place for a second, not sure what to do. She watched him fall still shocked by what 
she had seen, then she realized what was happening and dove after him, catching his body only a few feet before impact. 
His body was limp, the only thing betraying his state of death was his faint heartbeat. Ryoko carried him home, having 
more questions as to who or what he was then before she set out to find answers. She knew this wasn’t Kagato now. But 
maybe it was something far worse.


Chapter 5 "The Quiet Times"

	It had been a week since Malificia had fallen to Earth when he finally awoke. Ryoko had told the others that she 
had merely found him, collapsed from exhaustion. For some reason, she felt it best not to tell the others what she had 
seen. Even she wasn’t sure that what she had seen was real, though she had seen it with her own eyes. The others felt 
that there was something she wasn’t telling them, but decided it best not to pry. There was something mysterious about 
this stranger. That was certain, he seemed to have no ill intent for them, but there was something about him they didn’t 
trust. Perhaps they even feared him.
	Tsunami stood in her garden in human form, "What is this creature? Could he be one of Tokimi's creations? He's not 
what he claims to be, I can see that. And he defeated Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko while he was on the verge of collapse. What 
power could he possess when he has regained his strength?" A shudder went through Tsunami, "Has Tokimi really gotten that 
powerful since we have been apart? Or is this something else entirely? Something that existed outside the rule of my 
sisters? I remember feeling this same power before. But Where?" Tsunami began to walk through her garden, the beautiful 
trees of Jurai comforting her slightly. "Could this be the creature from my dream?” She paused as if afraid of her own 
thoughts, "Could the legend be true?"
	Malificia looked around, surrounding him were the two legions again. But they were different, gone was the beauty 
they once possessed. Now they were only terrible in appearance. Their bodies were a brackish disgusting color. Their once 
elaborate and beautiful wings were reduced to skeletal frames. Their armor was gone, replaced by intricate runes carved 
upon their flesh, Pouring blood. And their faces were curled and burnt, their lips singed off revealing row upon row of 
horrible razor teeth. Horns and metallic spears jutted from their flesh which was stretching, as if a demon resided with 
in struggling against its cage. And They cried for blood. Half were Chanting for Lilith, crying for her to lead them to 
the destruction of their enemies. And half were screaming another name, but he couldn’t make it out. He strained to hear 
it.. struggling against the conflicting flow of sound. "Li.. Lith... Lithan". His eyes searched the field, shocked at 
hearing that name. And he saw, Sitting upon a throne, It was himself, but he wasn’t the same. His wings had been severed 
and they lie before him, his face was weary and pained and his armor shattered, exposing the left side of his chest. 
The flesh revealed was scarred and blistered. And his eyes were darkened with only the smallest point of red within the 
black.
	Malificia woke up shivering uncontrollably. These dreams had haunted him all his mortal nights, and each one 
was different. A different time, A different place, A different end. But they all were the same in one aspect. Battle, they 
all showed him a war. A great apocalypse of his kind. But never had one disturbed him as much as this. He had seen 
his death a thousand times over but it never disturbed him as much as this vision did. He shook his head, hoping to 
cast the image out of his mind.  And he slowly drew himself out of his bed. He walked to his coat and threw it on, 
slipping his arms into it as he stretched out his back. He flexed his shoulders and suddenly remembered what had 
happened. But how had he been undamaged by the fall?  He couldn’t remember anything after he collapsed.
	Ryoko and Ayeka were relaxing in the living room when Malificia came downstairs.  He paused at the 
bottom of the steps and observed them for a moment. "She's quite beautiful." He thought to himself as he looked 
at Ryoko. Then he continued to the door and left the house. 
	Malificia ascended the steps in silence, still disturbed by his dream. He could feel a sickness within 
himself, a foreboding, as though something terrible were looming just over the horizon.  He lowered his head 
and whispered "It has begun." 
	Malificia became aware he was being followed. He spun around quickly, and saw nothing. He tore off into 
the woods, flying close to the ground, aware that his hunter was on his heels. Finally he stopped. Turning around 
he drew a blade of energy from the air. Holding it ready, he searched with his eyes. He saw a glimmer to his left and 
spun around holding his blade to it. After a moment of time that could have been an hour, the glimmer shifted into 
focus. Malificia withdrew the blade and took a step back.
	"Why are you following me Ryoko?" Malificia asked, turning his back to her. Knowing the answer, but hoping 
that she didn’t.
	"I should be the one asking the questions", Ryoko said. "For starters you could tell me who you really are."
	"I’ve already told you who I am." He said as he turned to face her again.
	"I know damn well you didn’t tell us who you really are. I saw you. That night you went out. I saw your wings. 
I heard your cry. No human could do make that sound. What are you really?"
	Malificia stood for a second in shock. "Then that must be how I survived. I was far too weak to have survived 
that fall... She... She saved me."
	Malificia was jarred awake by an explosion nearby. He looked over his shoulder just in time to see a tree collapse, 
its trunk splintered below it. Once the dust settled, he saw a man begin to walk towards him.
	"You are the one they call Malificia? I don’t see why my lady would bother sending me to kill you. You are nothing 
more then a whelp. Oh well, are you ready?"
	Malificia looked at the man, curious as to who would have sent him. Even if Darcathin had discovered him, he would 
never have trusted anyone else in this matter... "Whom may I ask is your lady, mercenary?" he said as he gestured for Ryoko 
to stand back and turned to face the man.
	"My lady desires that her identity not be disclosed as of yet, she has far greater plans and she cant risk being 
detected performing such a minor task as being rid of you. Now prepare to die." The man drew a sword from his side and 
took a fighting stance. He stared coldly as Malificia drew his blade from the air. And the fight began. The man flew at 
Malificia and slashed at his throat, Malificia easily blocked the blow and sliced downwards as the man retreated from his 
strike, slicing across the mans chest. "Lucky shot, Unfortunately for you, your luck just ran out." the man said. They flew 
at each other and fought a fierce battle, while Ryoko watched, spellbound. Finally Malificia stuck a blow that launched the 
man backwards and to the earth. He stood over his opponent, a look of disdain in his eyes. 
	"Who sent you?" He demanded.
	The man spit on the ground.
	"Very well then, If there is a god, Tell him Malificia says He’s sorry, OK?" Malificia said with a smirk as he drew 
back his blade for the fatal blow.
	"Oh there you are Ryoko, Its almost Lunchtime." Sasami said, approaching Ryoko, unaware of the battle that 
was about to end above her.
	Malificia turned to see Sasami, "Sasami, Run!" He yelled, but it was too late. The mercenary had seen his chance 
and taken it, and a blast of energy was heading for Sasami.
	Ryoko gasped. Sasami screamed. The mercenary laughed. And Malificia fell to his knees in front of Sasami, the 
wound covering most of his back. The singed clothes that remained already soaking up the red blood. He struggled to his 
feet. Ignoring the pool of blood that he stood in. He should have taken this battle more seriously, He should have finished 
the man off immediately, he knew he couldn’t have gotten any information from him anyway. He had been reckless, Fighting 
without even his armor on. He should have known this would happen.  He would remedy his mistake right now.
	Ryoko finally found herself able to move again, and quickly ran to get Sasami. Malificia saw her pulling the child 
to safety, and then turned his attention to the mercenary, who was now back on his feet, with his sword readied.
	"This is finished" Malificia said, as he raised his hand to the mercenary. There was a flash of light, a cry of pain 
and all that remained of the man was blowing away in the wind. Malificia Began walking home. He passed Ryoko, standing 
with Sasami in her arms. As he passed, her eyes followed him, She saw that his wound had stopped bleeding, and she saw the 
muscles slowly regenerating themselves, the flesh pulling itself closed over them. She stood there silently until Malificia 
was out of sight, then she began to walk slowly home.
	Somewhere, in a distant galaxy, Tokimi stood. "Who was that man." She asked D3. 
	"A meat puppet" D3 replied. "Powerful, but expendable. I never expected him to win, I just wanted to know what 
sort of power we were dealing with."
	"And do you now?" 
	D3 turned to Tokimi, wondering what she meant for a moment, then recognizing she was showing him that he had 
failed. Now this stranger would be ready, true he didn’t know who had sent the mercenary, but the man had been foolish 
enough to reveal that he was hired. The stranger would be expect more attacks.  "No your majesty, we don’t know now." He 
answered.
	"There is something strange about that creature." Tokimi thought as she watched Malificia walk through the forest. 
"His power is not like Tsunami's. Nor is it Washu's. Could he really be...? No, that is foolishness. What has made this 
creature?"
	

Chapter 6: The attack


	Malificia lay stretched out on the rooftop of the Masaki house, gazing up into the stars. He knew that the time was 
almost here, but he didn’t want to acknowledge it. He had locked himself away for so long, that even while his heart pumped 
human blood and his eyes saw the world as a human would, he had forgotten what it was like to be human. How he missed 
the old days, when there were no battles to be fought. No enemies to hide from or seek out. While they were still young. 
He would go down to earth, usually accompanying Lilith on he travels. It was such a beautiful place, he could feed off it, 
he could feel the chaos of it, the mystery. And they had such fun, often times He would spend hours discussing with the 
mortals. Once their fear subsided and they accepted that they were dying, they would go on for hours with their tales of 
love and hate, betrayal and courage, terror and heart-ache.  And the whole time Lilith would stand by watching as 
Malificia sat completely enveloped in the mortals tales. She never interrupted them or hurried there discussions so she 
could finish her duties. She merely watched with a gentle patience that he had never seen, and would never see again. 
"Why did she put up with me?" he whispered.
	"Who put up with you?"
	Malificia turned around, surprised that anyone was up at this hour. "Oh hello Ryoko, I didn’t see you there." He 
paused, "Just an old friend of mine." He watched as Ryoko walked over to him and lay down beside him. 
	
	After the incident with Sasami they didn’t speak for a couple days. Then one day he came downstairs and she 
had ran up and hugged him. "If you don’t want me to know who you really are yet, that’s fine. I guess I can wait to find 
out with the others." She whispered in his ear.  "Sasami doesn’t remember anything about that day, and I wont tell 
anyone." He stood there mutely for a moment, not sure what to say. 	
	"Thank you." he finally whispered to her, then went and took 
his seat at the table.
	
	A few weeks had passed since that day, and he had eventually come to be accepted into the family as just another 
guest. These were the best days he could remember in a long time. For the first time that he could remember since he had 
taken mortal form he felt happiness.  He had fallen in love with Ryoko these past few weeks and enjoyed spending time with 
her, he even enjoyed watching her mischievous nature play out as she flirted with Tenchi and fought with Ayeka. 
	He lay back down onto the roof as Ryoko began speaking.
	"I see you spending more and more time up here each night. You’ve seemed distant these past few days, like 
your worrying about something. Do you want to tell me about it?"
	Yes he wanted to tell her about it, oh god how he wished it were that simple, that he could just tell her who 
he was and what he knew, then they could all just go back to their happy everyday lives and he could be completely 
honest with her. His dreams Had been changing recently, Or maybe just advancing. He would see himself on a throne, 
with existence  before him, but it was empty, it was cold. He was victorious, but what he had lived for and fought for 
was the price of that victory. He had lost sight of what he was fighting for somewhere along the way and fought only 
to win, at any cost. And he saw this cost. The universe lay around him, now nothing more then a ruin. The stars had 
long since burnt to nothing. And all around him he saw ashes. He remembered an old human text from one of the first
 civilizations, and he whispered it to himself before he woke up. "He that fights with monsters should look to it that he 
himself does not become a monster... When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you..."
	"Its just that I must be leaving soon. I am stronger now. I must go and prepare for my enemies. They will find
 me soon, and I cant risk endangering you anymore."
	"We're not completely defenseless you know", Ryoko said, turning to look at him, "Stay with us, we can help 
you." She paused, waiting for an answer. Finally Malificia began to speak.
	"Ryoko. You know something. I love you. I would give anything to stay here with you and your friends. The 
days I’ve spent here have been the greatest in my life. I’ve been reminded why I wanted to become human. But this is a 
battle I must fight alone. I will think of you always, you’ve reminded me of what is worth dying for, and I pray that you 
and Tenchi find true happiness together. Goodnight my angel."
	Ryoko grabbed his wrist, and for a moment, she could see his dreams. She saw him on his throne watching 
existence burn. She saw him staring into the emptiness he had made. And for a moment she saw his true form. She 
saw this creature lift its head and she heard his cry, much like the cry she heard that night she had saved him, but 
this was far worse. She felt a moment of pure agony, pain she could never have imagined. Then it was gone, and 
she lifted her head and saw she was alone.
	Washu woke up with a scream. Although the pain had been much less for her then for Ryoko, she had still 
felt it. "Lithan" she whispered.
	"Who is Lithan? Ayeka, Mihoshi and Tenchi asked in unison. The entire household had awoken at 
Washu’s cry and now surrounded her in the living room. Ryoko appeared just behind Washu, her mind still burning 
with the images she had drawn from Malificia’s mind.
	"Lithan is a legend." Washu said.
	"And..." Ayeka said, getting angry at Washu's hesitation.
	"When I was young, there was a being, that didn’t really exist at all... It was a creature of the Lord of Order, The 
master of all existence. He was the laws that exist in reality, taken physical form. To make things happen that no true 
being could cause. It was responsible for My creation. As well as my two sisters. There was a story it told us, a warning. 
This creature told us of an event it called the apocalypse. The destruction of existence."
	"He told us that one day a man will come. He will have eyes of fire, and will be adorned in black. He said this 
creature will have a power more terrible then the world has ever known. This man will be called Lithan and he will be the 
Angel of Chaos. Following him will be his brethren Lilith, The Angel of Death and Darcathin, The Angel of Destruction 
with great armies of all beings. And they will bring all that they are charged to. Chaos, Death and Destruction. There 
will be a mighty battle between the three that will be the end of existence as we know it"
	"Is there any way to stop it?" Tenchi asked, almost screaming at Washu.
	Ryoko slowly began to speak, "Yes, Malificia is going to stop it."
	"But what does Malificia have to do with it Ryoko?" asked Mihoshi.
	"Because Malificia is Lithan" said Washu.
	"What?", exclaimed nearly everyone.  As Washu tried to explain. Ryoko took off into the sky. "You've reminded me of 
what is worth dying for, and I pray that you and Tenchi find true happiness together."... "What is worth dying for." She 
played it over and over in her mind, realizing only now what he had meant by it. "He knows what will happen, He’s seen it 
all. He’s going to sacrifice himself." She flew off into the night still tortured by the visions she had seen, she 
remembered his tortured cry and remembered the pain it had caused her. She knew she could never find him, but still she 
flew. Hoping that she could somehow get away from the pain. Hoping to escape the knowledge she had pulled from him. She 
longed to wake up in his arms and have him comfort her, tell her it was all just a bad dream. That He’s here, and he'll 
stay with her forever. But she knows that this was no dream, and she keeps flying.
	"Hehehe, So I see you are the one that Lithan has found love for. You don’t look exceptionally special to me, but we 
never really did have the same taste."
	"Who are you?" Ryoko asked, turning to face the man.
	Darcathin flung his crimson robe over his shoulder and lifted his hand towards her. 
	"You would know me as the Angel of Destruction. Regrettably Death couldn’t be here, so Ill have to send you into the 
darkness for her. You have no idea how much fun it will be to see the look on Lithan's face when I tell him of your death.
But I suspect Lithan is in for a lot of awful surprises this night... Goodnight My darling."
	Ryoko didn’t even have time to scream as her body disintegrated into nothing.


Chapter 7: "Revenge"


	Malificia tore through space. The moments drew moved like hours and still he didn’t slow. Worlds flew by, but he 
took no note. He crossed entire universes in moments. While he flew, he went over in his mind all that he had seen. He was 
looking for an escape. Some way to get out of what he knew he must do. Awareness began to flood over him. He became 
conscious of what had been happening all this time. What a fool he had been. He had played right into their hands. He had 
made one too many mistakes. He had blocked off one to many escapes. Now the only direction he could go was forward. And he 
flew.
	As Malificia flew, he began to change. His humanity was being stripped from him. He was returning to the form he 
had denied for so long. The form that even his dear Angels had never seen. The form he took the first time he brought 
himself into being in a physical realm. He could feel a power he hadnt known for ages wash over him as his flesh was pulled
and stretched as his muscles flexed and changed form beneath it. His wings broke out, crystalline and flowing. They 
enveloped him entirely and flowed like ribbons in all directions. His eyes became dark pools, defying color and seeming to 
burn, but the flame that had been there was no longer seen. 
	They had killed her already. He knew it. He never should have gotten those humans involved. How selfish he had been. 
He had killed her. He stretched out his arms, his hands began to warp. The long fingers becoming claws as he whispered to 
himself, "And in the end there shall only be regret. For that is the only true immortal," Lithan remembered. "I knew this 
would happen. I knew all of this would happen. How could I have been so blind as to not realize it already was happening." 
	He knew that this time, he would correct the mistakes he had made. They would all die, The terrors he had unleashed 
onto the world would be stopped now. "Order must always have a counterbalance. That was why I was created. I was designed 
to offer opposition to order. But I was not given the choice. I was born to destroy the world. And I have done so. Even 
without knowing it myself, I may have caused the apocalypse."
	"Ryoko is dead." Washu looked up at the others.
	They had all been sitting in the living room, waiting. Even they didn’t know what for.  At Washu’s words they all 
looked up. They had already felt that she was dead. There was a sense of doom in the air. But still they were surprised to 
hear the words. It was so final. Noone dared break the silence.
	"Who are you?"
	The two angels held blades to Lithan's chest. 
	Malificia looked at them "Ayrumic, Varklra" he whispered to them.
	As they looked at his eyes, they suddenly began to shake. "No, it cant be? You... You were like us. You couldn’t 
have..." 
	Their words were cut short as their blades fell to the ground with a loud noise and they two guards burst into 
flames.
	"Rest now my children, you were a failed experiment. May the hells find mercy for you." And Malificia continued to 
the great hall of his Sanctum. A few of his angels watched as he walked past them, slowly they began grouping together 
and following him. Not quite sure what to make of this creature within their home. Finally He arrived at two gargantuan 
doors, each carved of a single piece of ruby, and reaching into the sky as far as the eye could see. As he approached
them, they began to open before him revealing the Great Hall within.
	Malificia Walked in and looked about him. As he entered the entire hall began to shine brilliantly. Nearly the 
entire host of angels was gathered here, awaiting him. All eyes turned to him as he entered. A puzzled murmur went over 
the crowd. "They still don’t recognize me" he thought to himself as he looked over the masses. He saw Lilith and Darcathin 
sitting on the thrones they had created during his absence. Their faces were as questioning as the others. He realized 
that even they didn’t recognize him now. He approached their thrones, as the other angels unwillingly cleared a path for 
him.
	He began to speak, "Angels, I am Lithan. I have come for my vengeance."



Chapter 8: "The Descent"
	

	"Lets go"
	The Masaki household all looked up, surprised by the voice. Malificia stood there draped in his long black coat. 
	"Go...go where?" Ayeka asked.
	"To get Ryoko." He answered.
	"But, I thought Ryoko was dead." Tenchi said softly.
	"Do you remember what I told you when we first spoke, boy. Death is merely an action, Not an end. Now I’m going to 
get Ryoko. If you want to help your welcome to come along. But beware, The place we are going is not a place for living 
souls. You will see things that may haunt you the rest of your life. That’s if you ever get back."
	"Lets go", Replied Tenchi.
	The room took an eery glow as Malificia motioned for the others to gather around him. Slowly the room began to 
distort and blur. Finally it Faded out completely and They all stood before a the towering gates into the abyss. 
	The guardian of the gate looked at the group before him. 
"You who dare to tread the night 
What cause do you pass 
Through the gate of ending light
Where each step may be your last"
	Malificia turned to the guardian and said "One was taken from my realm. This one will not be held here. I have come 
to take her back."
	The guardian continued...
"Such is not the course you’ll take 
Ryoko’s heart has ceased
But if you gamble for her sake
You may earn her release"
	"I accept your offer, I will take the gamble. The others will wait here. They are under my protection, they will not 
be harmed."
	The guardian looked at Malificia then said...
"I see you are no mortal man
You hide inside a shell
We do not want what we cant have
Your not welcome in hell"
	Malificia looked the guardian in the eye.
	The guardian nodded to him, then spoke...
"Tread lightly in the shadow land
Though the ground is true
Move with haste and never stand
Lest the damned take you."
	Malificia turned to the others, "Here we must part ways, I will return with Ryoko soon. You must take care not to 
pass through the gate. For so long as you remain outside they cannot harm you, but if you enter you will never leave." 
Before they had a chance to argue him he was off, flying into the depths of the afterworld. He hadn’t been in this place 
for an eternity but he knew exactly where he was going. He moved as fast as he could in this place.  His power was limited 
here, as this place had different rules then the living realm.  
	He didn’t stop until he felt a stab in his side. He was thrown off balance and the force of his momentum slammed him 
into the dirt. Getting up he quickly began to throw away his human form, collecting his power and returning to his true 
form. Within moments he stood on the earth, his brilliant wings flowing around him, sweeping over the land. The place lit 
up, and he saw his attacker. Merely a lost soul. When the light hit it the being scampered away into the comfort of the 
darkness. And Malificia continued.
	After what had seemed like hours of flying through the dark realm of lost souls, he came to the prison. No bars were 
around, no cages of any sort. Just piles of bodies, lying around, many decaying. Malificia remembered why they existed as 
such. He remembered Lilith telling him that these were the souls of the unknowing dead. The Lost ones who didn’t realize 
they were in hell, they were the ones who were unsure of their own existence anymore. He continued on until he reached his 
destination, The Martyrs. Here he saw victims, billions of souls, each strapped to a crucifix. The ones who died innocent. 
There were the victims of needless wars. The innocents who were murdered for the sake of the murder. And those who died to 
save another. He saw a woman, seeing him she cried out, begging for mercy from the god she thought was causing her 
suffering. In her eyes he could see her throw herself on the blade of a soldier so her child could escape. 
	Finally he arrived. There he saw Ryoko, Her arms holding up her body as she hung lifelessly from the cross. He flew 
to her. He quickly Slashed her first binding, and caught her as her body fell over. He slashed through he second binding 
and Lifted her into his arms. Looking around he noticed that they had been surrounded by devils. Creatures born in the 
minds of this places inhabitants and granted form by the strange powers that had created this realm. There were every 
manner of beast you could imagine within the throng, from classical creatures of mythology to demons purely of 
imagination. There were even some nightmares that flowed in between reality and illusion among them. Malificia looked at 
these being that surrounded him, blocking him from his escape. He knew he could never defeat them, These were nightmares, 
which were created as horrible creatures with unimaginable power, and in this realm that made them indestructible. 
Malificia turned around and began to speak
	"You who are the nightmares of the lost, Do not hold me here. I am the Chaos. I am the Fear. I am the Love and the 
Hatred. I am the Unknown from which you come. I am Lithan. And I am your creator." He looked at the creatures surrounding 
him, not sure whether they heard him, understood him, or even cared of what he had to say. He began to worry for a second, 
knowing that there was no escaping these horrors. Then slowly he saw them begin to move.
	The demons spoke not a word but began to leave, going back into the darkness that would be their home for all 
eternity’s. And Malificia flew. He flew as fast as he could move. The light and darkness became a blur around him as he 
moved. He heard a quiet sound, and looked down at Ryoko, who was beginning to awaken.
	Ryoko looked up at the creature holding her, She could feel a warmth from him, a sense of peace. "Are you an angel?" 
she asked.
	Malificia smiled at her as his wings wrapped around them shielding her from the force of their motion  "Something 
like that."
	The pain was becoming unbearable, but still Malificia flew on. They were almost to the gate. He could see every 
second move like an hour as he strained to make it in time. He could feel bones in his body shattering, he could feel his 
wings being rented but still he flew on. He finally reached the gate. He set Ryoko down just outside it. And 
he slowly let himself fall back into his mortal form.  He stood there for a moment waiting, until, with some help from 
Tenchi, she stood up. 
	"Lets get out of here." Tenchi said as he finished standing Ryoko up. Everyone turned to Malificia who stood just 
inside the gates.
	
	The guardian looks at Malificia and whispers something, but Noone could make it out. Malificia nods to him then 
turns back to the others and speaks.
	"The pathway you see to the right will lead you back to the world of the living. I am unable to accompany you on 
this journey." Malificia said as he fell to his knees. "Good luck to you all. And thank you. For everything." Malificia fell 
forward, and a cloud of dust swept over him. When it had settled, he was gone. Katsuhito could swear that at that moment 
he heard the fluttering of birds.
	Ryoko screamed. She fell to her knees and began weeping uncontrollably. "No... you cant leave... Not after all 
this... you cant leave me."
	Washu walked over to her daughter and helped her to her feet. "Its all right Ryoko, there was no other choice for 
him."
	Slowly, Solemnly, they begin to walk down the pathway to the right. Katsuhito and Nobiyuki lead the way, followed 
by Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami and Ryo-ohki. Behind them Ryoko walks, weeping on Tenchi’s shoulder, with Washu slightly 
behind them. Washu turns to the gateway one last time and whispers... "Thank you, Lithan. Thank you for saving my 
daughter."
	Mihoshi turns to Katsuhito and asks, "But wait a minute if Malificia already saved the universe by destroying all 
the other two Angels, he didn’t have to die to save it, did he?"
	"Shh" Katsuhito replies.


	I look around myself, I see nothingness. I am seated on a great throne overlooking all existence. But there is no 
existence. I am in a dead world. There are no stars, No lives. Only emptiness. And all around me are ashes.  I sacrificed 
myself to justify myself. It was my penance. My last chance to correct the wrongs I had allowed myself to commit. It was 
an action of pure chaos, and it can never be befouled by order. Live well my dearest Ryoko, and never forget me. 
	I whisper to myself an ancient text I remember. . "He that fights with monsters should look to it that he himself 
does not become a monster... When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you..." 
	I gazed into the abyss. But my pride deceived me. I didn’t see it changing me, playing me for its fool. And I 
remember now what I had told my second creation when he said he would live forever...
	"My child be wary with your pride. For all will end. It is the nature of all things. That which lives must die. 
We are no exception, all the power we possess means nothing if we waste it by denying what all creatures must accept. 
And in  the end there shall only be regret. For that is the only true immortal. If we go seeking the future we may find 
we are destroying it. But if we refuse to see the present, we will certainly destroy whatever future we may have."
	I am Lithan Of Chaos. As a mortal I was called Malificia. And this is My hell.



The End.

	This was my first attempt at writing a Fanfic, as I see is noticable, by my adversion to scenes with the known 
characters in them. I still am not quite used to writing for others characters and I feel it shows. Ive also noticed 
that I tend to put empasise on certain elements of a story, meanwhile not paying enough attention to other, apparently 
more important aspects of the story. 
	I borrowed certain elements of the story from various sources, including Nietzsche, The Sandman, Fragmented 
religeous tales i can remember from my youth and of course Tenchi Muyo. The Characters of; Ryoko, Tenchi, Sasami, Tsunami, 
Tokimi, Nobiyuki, Mihoshi, Ayeka, Katsuhito, D3, Ryo-ohki and Washu, Are owned by someone other then myself (probably 
pioneer entertainment or AIC). The character of Lilith Is created by me from merging many differant creations both my own 
and others. And if I'm not mistaken all other characters in this story are my own.
	I wrote this story for entertainment purposes and I hope you enjoyed reading it. I personally believe that 
everything, every story has some sort of moral, or a lesson that can be learned from it. However it is wholey up to the 
reader what he takes from a story. In my opinion the moral of this story is that, often the things that have the most 
control over us are the things that we understand the least. And many times we realize to late what a dire consequence 
our actions will have. Malificia realized to late what his actions had cost him. He came to terms with who or what he was 
far to late in the game to change himself. And in the end he sacrificed himself to save the ones he cared about from the 
pain he had caused them. It was his final act of penance, his only way to ever be forgiven for his deeds. Not by any 
god, but instead by himself. I chose Ryoko as the creature that would force him to make his final choice, because I 
feel that she is beautiful. Not only physically, but emotionally as well. It has been shown in Tenchi Muyo, that none of 
the other characters could ever match the power of her emotions, and i wanted that to signify the power that would cause 
Malificia to open his eyes. 
	For those of you wondering why Malificia is called Lithan occasionally throughout the story, it is because that is 
his name. When he came into existance, that was what he knew himself as, however when he took on human form, he rejected 
the name he had known as a ethereal being and instead took on the name Malificia, Which he felt represented well that he 
had refused his designated place in existance, and chosen instead to set his own destiny. He was One of two forces that 
were created, but have no creator... he was more of an idea then a true creature. These forces (order and chaos) were set 
to balance the universe until such time as they would destroy all existance and the cycle would begin again. As a 
creature of chaos, he represented everything that was not explainable. Often his actions would appear almost identicle to 
that of Orders, but those similarities were only on the surface... He represented Love, while Order represented Lust. He 
represented Hatred, while Order represented anger and jealousy. He represented Art, while Order represented Science. They 
were like the Right and left hemispheres of the brain. He was what couldnt be explained and what you wouldnt want to 
explain. And Order was what could be predicted and controlled by actions, cause and effect if you will.