A Fallen Angel


        She laid there, her heart being torn into. She had found the one
thing that
would hurt her the most, more than any of the fights she ever had with
Aekea. Before she had friends, people she loved, the man she loved, family,
now as she laid on the ground her flight from the house and from them
forgotten. The sight still played in her mind:

Ryoko floated through the house searching for Tenchi, after a fruitless
search she finally stood in front of the door leading into Aekea's room. As
much as she didn't want to she phased her head through the door, she had to
know if he was here or not. The sight that met her gaze froze her and she
felt her heart break. There was Tenchi and Aekea standing in the middle of
her room hugging. Ryoko felt her tears well up, She phased quietly out of
the house and flew away from the one she loved. She forced herself to fly as
fast as she could, her tears falling down to the country side below.

As the memory subsided her golden eyes that had held happiness, mischief,
anger, love, hate, pain, loss, and now an emotion she hadn’t felt in since
she had been released, despair. Her chest heaved with the efforts of her
cries and her tears fell to the ground forgotten. The cherry blossoms that
had always comforted her fell to the ground unnoticed uncomforting. She had
suffered through 5,000 years of Kagato's attacks, his mind games, his evil
desires, his abuses, the forced killings of all those innocent people, the
forced destruction of all those planets. The 700 years in the cave, watching
as the world passed her by, the child she had come to love. The boy she
longed for, his kiss, his hug, a kind word from him. She had suffered in the
cave taking solace when he had come with his mother, in the fact that he
could she her and play with her. She felt the pain that she had for so long
finally disappear and be forgotten. Yet when the boy ran crying to the cave,
it had returned stronger. She had tried to comfort him, but he was unable to
feel her, he didn't know that she was there and she felt overwhelming pain.
When Yosho had come and taken him away, she had felt despair once again, she
had been the cave so long and the thing that had given her joy had left,
been taken away from her. Then later she felt the happiness return to her
when she saw that he had come with the keys to gate. The keys to release
her, she had been overjoyed when she saw him open the gate and walk into the
cave. She had watched as he opened the passage to her and she quickly
reentered her body preparing to let him release the princess. Like he used
to when he was a child when he could see her, then all her happiness, joy,
hope was replaced with the hot burning nearly unbearably pain. It came when
she had reached out to pull him into a kiss and he had attack, with out
knowing and ran away. She had felt content when she had showed up at his
house after destroying his school and he had forgiven her and allowed her to
stay with him. Her body shook even harder at those memories all those
feelings hit her and she shook harder when she realized that he had caused
them all even the despair that she felt now. She had long ago decided that
if she couldn't have him, then at least when he chose the princess, she
would be happy for him and fell no malice towards the princess. But she had
been wrong she was happy for him but she also hated the princess with all
her heart. She could never be completely happy for him, he was with the
other girl. She had fallen; Quietly another memory drifted into her mind:

She and Tenchi were sitting alone on the roof looking up at the stars. She
had turned to him and asked
"Do you think I'm a demon like she says?"
He had shook his head and sighed slightly
"No, I think she's wrong."
Ryoko had felt confusion for as long as she could remember she had been the
demon, the unwanted, the weapon. She had accepted those terms and had used
them all, especially the demon. She locked eyes with his. His eyes could
never hurt her they were showed no hidden agenda no malice just kindness.
When she spoke sadness was evident in her voice, this was a rare occasion
she was letting her guard down.
"No, she’s right I am a demon."
Tenchi shook his head and sighed, the sigh of someone who couldn't believe
that they had heard something so completely wrong So completely stupid when
he spoke his voice held a gently kindness she wasn’t used to.
"No, not you or anybody could ever convince me of that."
She laughed and raised an eyebrow, her eyes filled with curiosity, if she
wasn't a demon then what was she? Her curiosity was apparent when she asked
her question
"Well if you’re so sure that I'm not a demon, what am I?"
He smiled gently at her and whispered his face a bright red.
"You’re an angel."
She blushed her face matching Tenchi‘s. At that moment she felt more love
than she thought possible. He smiled and stood up he patted her on the
shoulder and called over his shoulder as he quickly walked away.
"I need to get to bed I have to get up early you should get some sleep too."
She sat there silently and listened when she heard the door leading to roof
close she cried at the thought of what he thought she was. (I'm an angel,
not a demon, he thinks I'm an angel.) She had never called herself a demon
after that, she had never thought of herself like that knowing what he
thought about her. When somebody would call her a demon she would silently
shout back (I am not a demon I'm an angel he told me so.)

As the memory left her she realized where she was, she was laying on the
ground in despair in front of the entrance to the cave. It loomed before
her, it's black gapping mouth as dark as her feelings. She knew that if she
went back in she could go back to sleep and forget about him. Ryoko sighed
that was imposable, she could never forget about him. She could go back to
house where Tenchi and the princess would be and deal with the fact that he
had not chosen her. As she laid there her body sore from her crying and from
laying on the hard ground. She lifted her eyes to see the sun setting and
the night sky appearing. The stars were beginning to come out and her tears
fell unnoticed to ground. She saw a falling star and absently a thought
entered her head (I'm a fallen angel.)

        Tenchi ran out of the house in a desperate search for Ryoko. He had
looked
all over the house her beam, the roof, the kitchen, every where she could
be. He knew of only two things that would explain why she would leave
without telling anyone, one was that she had been kidnapped and the other
was she had saw him breaking the news to one of the girls. The news being he
had finally chosen, he couldn't help but smile at what Sasami's reaction to
his choice was. She had given him a simple hug. Mihoshi had done the same he
never really had any concerns about them, but Washu's had scared him and any
smile he had faded as remembered. He had told mihoshi whom minutes after
giving him a hug had completely forgotten he had told her anything and went
back to watching her cartoons. Now he stood before the door leading to
Washu's lab he would give anything to not have to tell her right now. He had
decided to tell her last but just as he was about to leave the door opened
and he was dragged in. He yelled in surprise when he found himself strapped
to a table and saw Washu in her nurse’s outfit. He struggled and pulled
against the straps that held him. Finally he gave up and hung his head in
defeat he knew that there were only two things that would get him out of
this. Since he really didn’t want to give her the one she wanted he went
with the other one.
“ Little Washu.”
Reluctantly he raised his head and Washu stopped in mid stride and look at
him.
"You can't do this."
Washu raised an eyebrow and smirked amusement apparent in her voice.
"Really? Why not I promise you will enjoy it."
Tenchi blushed and shook his head and stuttered
“I'm. sur...Sure I would, but.."
“ But what? ”
“I. decided whom I love.”
A smile slowly crossed her face and she chuckled in amusement
"Now why did you make that up?"
Tenchi shook his head in denial and his voice held a slight trace of worry.
"No really I picked honest; you can check my mind."
Washu reached her hand out to her holo computer. She watched the screen for
a few minutes and then sighed. Tenchi sighed in relief when he felt the
straps released him. Tenchi quickly stood and started backing away slowly
his hands up in defense to anything that Washu might do. When he made it to
the door he shouted behind him as he dived through it
"Remember you promised to abide by the Geneva Convention."
Tenchi had looked around the lake and the surrounding forest. So he slowly
turned and made his way deeper in looking for her as he looked his mind
wondered to when he had told Aekea. He suddenly felt very, very glad that he
was out of the house. Tenchi stood his back resting on the door leading to
Washu's lab when he caught his breath he ran for his room. He reached his
room and entered quickly, he wanted to compose himself before he went to
face Aekea.

        It was along time before Tenchi left his room he slowly made his way
down
the hall to the Princess's room. This was the most difficult and dangerous
one he had to face. As he stood out side her room he offered up a prayer
that this would go smoothly. That done he knocked on the door and waited
patently for Aekea to answer. He heard the soft footsteps inside the room
Aekea slid the door open and smiled warmly at him. He smiled back and
thought to himself (This is not going to be pleasant.)
"Hi Miss Aekea."
Aekea bowed her head and a slight giddiness played in her voice
"Lord Tenchi."
Tenchi sighed inwardly and continued
"Miss Aekea we need to talk."
Aekea looked at him curiosity written on her face Tenchi steeled himself
preparing for the attack he was going to get after he told her.
"It’s about my choice."
Aekea face broke into a wide smile and she slid the door all the way open to
let Tenchi in. Tenchi smiled weakly and stepped into her room. Aekea walked
past him and stood in front of the window a few minutes later Tenchi
followed her. They stood looking out the window for a long time before Aekea
spoke
"Have you told her?"
Tenchi blinked in surprise at her question, (Does she...?? Of course she
does I didn't give her any reason not to.) Tenchi sighed when that thought
hit him.
"Aekea I need to tell you something."
Aekea shook her head and smiled
"There is no need Ten-chan."
Tenchi bowed his head his voice was low and nervous
"Aekea I didn't chose you."
Silence descended on the room Tenchi stood there in the deadly quite with
Aekea waiting. He was tense he risked a glanced at her and his face went
white with fear her face was a mix between anger and despair. He knew that
this was not safe, he heard her sob slightly and he watched her worriedly
until her face became blank.
He nearly jumped out of his skin when she spoke shattering the silence
"So who was it Mihoshi, Washu, Sasami?"
Tenchi didn't want to tell her here in her room were he had no way out but
he did
"It's Ryoko."
Tenchi watched as recognition filled Aekea's face, he noticed the tear roll
down her cheek. She sighed in resignation at his choice, she had know for a
long time that it would either be Ryoko or her. And now that she had lost,
she felt terrible. She was lost in despair, but she was the crowned princess
of Jurai and that meant that she had to keep her emotions in check so she
fought down the urge to lash out. She turned to face Tenchi he stood ready
for anything he had often thought of how Aekea would react. Blow up the
house, kill everybody, become so depressed that she would kill herself as
soon as she found out. But what happened was something he had never
expected. She moved slowly over to him and embraced him in a hug. Tenchi
stood there a moment unsure of what to do and then returned it. He could
feel her tears soaking through his clothes Aekea had fought so hard to
control her emotions and yet she had failed. She no longer cared she had to
cry, she had to mourn the loss of his love.

        Tenchi snapped out of his memory when he found himself in front of
the cave
where it had all started. He stepped forward and cast a glance at the night
sky filled with stars twinkling in joy he let his eyes fall to the ground in
front of the cave to see the form that he had been looking for. He quietly
crept up and knelt beside her he sat next to her for a long time before he
realized that she was asleep. Gently he picked her up in his arms and
carried her back to the house. As he walked through the forest the wind blew
across them making her turn slightly into his chest pushing her face against
him. He smiled as he looked down on her face. He reached the house and
walked up to the door and opened it with his foot he nodded his head in
acknowledgement to the family that were sitting on the couch. He continued
up stairs to his room and slid his door open and then closed it behind him
and laid her down on his Futon.
Ryoko awoke in a futon she laid there confused. The last things she
remembered were flying away from the house, the pain and anguish she had
felt at seeing Tenchi with the princess. and the falling star. Her
distraction evaporated when she realized where she was. She recognized the
scent of the room it was his room. A dozen thoughts raced through her mind
(How did I get here? Did I teleport here when I passed out from the
exhausted of my emotions? Did Tenchi come after me and bring me back here?)
She shook her head ( Why would he? He's in love with the princess.) Ryoko
floated up her sense’s flared and she felt that she was being watched. She
looked around the room and saw Tenchi staring at her. His eyes were
intensely locked on her. She couldn't read his face, it was hid behind his
arms. The scent he was giving off was confusing it was a mixture of
happiness and fear. Tenchi stood and she could see his face it was filled
with relief he had been worried about her. But she was unsure why he loved
the princess. So why was he worried about her she stood there as he walked
up to her, she was shocked beyond belief when he hugged her. She stood there
letting him hug her until he decided to let go, Finally after a few minutes
he slowly let go. Ryoko stood there uncertain what to do when he spoke his
voice reveling his relief
"I was worried."
Ryoko's face filled with confusion she had to say something anything
"Why? You have the princess, so why worry about me?”
Tenchi's face filled confusion and Ryoko felt something inside her yell at
her.
( He didn't know you knew that. ) before she could continue her trail of
thoughts Tenchi interrupted her
"What do you mean I have the princess?"
Ryoko was confused and hope was starting to stir. She quickly squashed it,
he had chosen the princess she had seen them. She needed to tell him it was
okay let him know that she understood.
"Tenchi I saw you and Aekea in her room hugging."
Tenchi frowned and sighed he shook his head in sadness
"Ryoko we were hugging her because I was trying to comfort her." Ryoko shook
her head in denial, she couldn't believe what Tenchi had just told her
comforting the Princess. She felt tears to start flowing down her cheeks and
she wrapped her arms around herself and bowed her head. Why was he lying to
her didn't he know that he was hurting her. By telling her this lie he was
giving her hope she closed her eyes fighting to hold in the tears that were
threatening to escape. She felt him wrap his arms around her and she buried
her face in his chest. She want him to be telling her the truth but she knew
he couldn't be and she sobbed even harder when she felt him gently rock her
in his arms back and forth and run his fingers through her hair. She had to
know why he had been comforting the princess.
"Why?"
Tenchi's face filled with confusion Ryoko sighed and asked again "Why were
you comforting Aekea?"
Tenchi's face showed understanding and silently he cursed himself at his
stupidity of not knowing what she was asking. He smiled slightly and
answered
"Because I told her who I had chosen."
Ryoko felt new tears on her face he had hugged Aekea in comfort and he was
hugging her now. Did that mean he didn't chose her either she had to know no
matter how much it hurt she had to know.
"Who did you chose?"
Tenchi shook his head in disbelief at her question surely she knew
"Ryo-Chan, I choose you."
Ryoko's eyes went wide in surprise at what he had said she slowly raised her
face to meet his tear's flowing down her cheeks. She shook her head in
disbelieve
"How can you say that, I know that you can't love me, I am a demon?"
Tenchi smiled and shook his head
"Ryo-chan I can love you, because to me you’re an angel."
Ryoko was about to say something but Tenchi cut her short when he pulled her
into a kiss. Ryoko felt something well up in her, something she had
forgotten. Something that she had never expected to feel again it was
happiness. She closed her eyes and returned the kiss.
to them it lasted forever and not long enough.

Disclaimer:
AIC and Pioneer own the characters in Tenchi Muyo. I only own this story
idea. I am making no profits off this story so don't sue me. And for future
reference I do not write any Aekea gets Tenchi fics, only Ryoko gets Tenchi
fic's. I know there are a lot of them but I can only write what I feel is
right and Ryoko and Tenchi feel right. I'll write some fic's where the
others will get someone but Ryoko is the one that will always get Tenchi.