 Hello! This Fanfic follows our series of The Great  Potato War and Honeymoon!
Enjoy!!!
        A Flower Blooms
        "I'm so lucky. I have a beautiful wife, a great home, friends, and Ayeka has
gotten over the fact that even though I love her like a sister, I really love
Ryoko….."Tenchi said to himself
        "Pickles and ice cream! I need pickles and ice cream!" Ryoko cried running
toward the kitchen.
        "What in the world?" Tenchi said softly as he rose from his resting spot in
the living room to see Ryoko in a hectic molesting of the Refrigerators
insides. "Ryoko, what are you doing…."
        "Dammitt Tenchi!" Ryoko said gripping Tenchi's collar and shaking him
violently, "We have pickles… but, but we're out of ice cream!!" What am I
going to do?!" Ryoko said as she sank to her knees.
        "Ryoko, it's ok, just calm down. Now what's wrong….?"
        "No time Tenchi! Quick! To the bathroom!" Ryoko screamed frantically.
        "What??" Tenchi asked confused as Ryoko grabbed him and dragged him toward
the bathroom.

                               *       *       *

        " So Washu, when is the baby expected?" Kyone asked the red haired scientist
who was quietly typing away at her hollow computer. "Probably monitoring
Ryoko's baby's development", she added under her breath.
        "I heard that", Washu said not bothering to look at the detective's surprised
face. "Oh, and the baby will be here in exactly in 8 and ½ months"
        "Oh" the detective said sarcastically," And I bet you know if it's a boy or
girl to?"
        " No ideas yet it's too under developed."
        " Has Ryoko told Tenchi yet?"
        "Not to my knowledge."
        " She better tell him soon."

                               *       *       *

        " Food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food" Ryoko
mumbled as she raided the refrigerator.
        " Ryoko, what is your problem?" Tenchi asked in a sarcastic tone.
        " I'll tell you what's wrong, a black haired little menace that wouldn't go
away!"
        " Ryoko is there something you're not telling me?"
        " Yeah,….. shut up!!" Ryoko screamed an unusual manner.
        "Look I'm sorry about anything I might have done, I'm just worried." Tenchi
said as Ryoko starting eating some crackers she had found.
"I'm sorry Tenchi, It's just that I'm pre.. having a bad day" Ryoko said,
stopping herself from admitting her secret. She was scared Tenchi had too much
to deal with right now to worry about Ryoko and the baby.
        "Alright" Tenchi said as he hugged Ryoko, whom he could tell, had gained at
least 3 pounds. Tenchi didn't try to go further into the subject knowing what
had happened last time he had asked a girl about her weight, a good slap on
his right cheek. "I know you're up to something Ryoko," he said to himself as
he left the still hungry Ryoko.

                               *       *       *

        Sasami was busy making an early breakfast for the hungry occupants of the
Masaki residence. In fact Ryoko was already at the table impatiently awaiting
the food Sasami was preparing.
        "Hurry it up Sasami!" Ryoko yelled.
        "OK!" Sasami said as she looked at Ayeka who was helping this morning. "She
sure has been eating a lot more than lately. And I think I know why." Sasami
said still looking at her sister.
        "Yes, I know why too." Ayeka replied quietly. She had been quite devastated
when Tenchi had declared his love for Ryoko, but she was over that now. She
knew that Tenchi still loved her like a sister, after all he had told her
himself. But even so she still felt a small bit of abandonment, that was why
she was helping Sasami make breakfast today.
        At least she and Ryoko were not fighting anymore. She knew that Tenchi liked
it much better when they didn't fight. Sasami was busy setting the table for
the family, who had managed to get to the table in the short time that Ayeka
had been thinking to herself. All of them were there, except for Kyone and
Washu who had been working together ever since the Detective had given up hope
of being a GP officer full time.
        "I wonder what Tenchi and Ryoko are gonna name their baby?" Sasami said.
        "Huh?" Ayeka answered as she came out of her thoughts and turned toward her
sister. "Oh I guess it mainly depends on if it's a boy or girl," Ayeka said.
        "Well maybe the subject will come up while we eat, because it's ready" Sasami
said as she picked up a plate of Sushi and one with steaming rice.
        " Yeah! It's done" Ryoko yelled as she jumped into the air, only to sit back
down blushing as she noticed everyone's stare at her. Even so Ryoko
automatically started to mow down the meal. But half way through she looked at
Sasami and said, " You don't happen to have any cayenne pepper, do you?"
        " But Ryoko this is sushi and it really wouldn't go well with…"Sasami started
to explained to Ryoko.
        "I know that!, but I really,really want some cayenne pepper!" Ryoko said
getting tense.
        " But…."
        " Get it!"
        Sasami slowly backed into the kitchen, got the cayenne pepper, put it into a
bowl and set it  on the table. Ryoko immediately started jumping up and down
while cheering and then took a piece of sushi and yelled " And she goes for
the dunk and-." At this point Ryoko had dunked the sushi in the pepper and she
brought it toward her mouth and she took a bite out of it and exclaimed, "It's
good!"
        Everyone around the table looked at her dumfounded by her sudden outburst.
And once again Ryoko blushed and sat down.

                               *       *       *

        " Ryoko, you have been perched up there for days now, " Tenchi yelled up at
Ryoko who was on the rafter. "Why don't you come down now, I was hoping that
we could… uh, go down into town and take a walk at a park" Tenchi said.
        "Oh, okay I guess." Ryoko said as she teleported down next to Tenchi.   "Just
let me put on some other clothes."
        "You go ahead, I'll just wait for you in the car" Tenchi said, as he watched
Ryoko head for their room. He couldn't help but notice that she hadn't got
much sleep. *I wonder why she's sleeping up there and not in our room anymore,
it seemed like ever since they had gotten married Ryoko was only happy to
sleep with me* He thought to himself as he walked for the front door and the
car.
        Ryoko trotted out to the car and when she got in she gave Tenchi a light
kiss.
        " So were to ma'am?"
        " Your choice, you're the one taking me out," Ryoko said as she put her hand
where it shouldn't be.
        Tenchi blushed and let out a small moan and gasped " I know of a place"
        They arrived at a small park that Tenchi use to go when he was younger and
sat at a  bench.
        " Ah, look at that" Tenchi said as he pointed to the two children playing
happily in a sand box " Ryoko do you ever think of what it might be like to
have Children?"
        *Oh, I can't hide it from him anymore * Ryoko thought to herself, * I might
as well tell him now* Ryoko summoned her courage,  "Er, ah, Tenchi we are
having children"

                               *       *       *

Six months later

        "So you're absolutely sure that it's a boy?" Tenchi said to Washu.
        "Yes it has been obvious to me for over four days now. I had a good feeling
that it would be a boy for several years now though. Ever since I mixed
Ryoko's and yours…… well you know as an experiment before you actually did the
deed."
        "Why didn't you tell us earlier?" Tenchi said confused.
        "Because I've only been completely sure for four days, silly. Besides, I have
a lot of other things to do since the baby's coming."
        "Like what"
        "Well the main project is a baby room"
         "Wow, can I see it?!"
        " Okey doke" Washu said grabbing Tenchi's hand and leading him to a doorway
"There are going to be entrances everywhere in the house that will allow you
to be teleported directly to the baby room. Drum roll please," Washu commanded
as a drum roll started out of nowhere. "Please do the honors" Washu said
pointing at the door.
         "Okay" Tenchi said opening the door. First he saw the wallpaper, it had
Washu's crabs all over it, then he noticed the mounds of toys about the large
room. Then he saw it, a most beautiful crib.  It was very large and the color
reminded him of Ryoko's hair. It also had small gems of red on it that when
Tenchi looked at for a minute, found himself wanting to fall asleep. Next he
noticed what looked like a small table. But after going up and feeling it he
noticed that it was soft and smooth. "Washu, what is this?"
        "That's where you change diapers," Washu said.
        "Oh."
        "Well then what about this thing up here?" he said pointing to an inch wide
slit in the wall with two buttons on it. One of the buttons was green and the
other was red. "What happens if you touch this one?" he said as his finger
raised and the green one. All of the sudden Tenchi heard some sort of gears
moving and then Washu's voice came up and said *Here you go! * And all of a
sudden a white thing came flying out and hit Tenchi in the face. "What
the..!!" Tenchi said as he yanked the thing off his face.
        "Oh, that's the diaper dispenser, it needs a little fine tuning." Washu said.
        "Well if the green button does that, what's the red one do?" he said not
daring to touch the button this time though.
        "Oh, just watch," said Washu as she took the diaper away from Tenchi and
walked over to the dispenser, and pressed the red button. Then two arms came
out of the wall and took the diaper from Washu and it got sucked back where it
came from. *Thank You* came Washu's voice again.        " It gets cleaned, and then
you can use it again" Washu said proudly
        "Wow, does Ryoko know about this room?" Tenchi asked as he looked around once
more.
        "Yes."
        "Well as much as I'd like to stay and learn more about what you're doing for
the baby, I gotta go check up on Ryoko and do some things around the house. So
Bye" Tenchi said as he looked around and found the door leading outward. As
soon as he walked out he found himself back in Washu's lab, and left.
        "Well I gotta go too," Washu said to herself as she entered the door also.

                               *       *       *

Nine months later

        "Tindei" Ryoko said, "That sounds good"
        " Yeah, it does" Mihoshi agreed.
        "Shut up I hate you!" Ryoko said grumpily and flew up to her rafter teary-
eyed. Mihoshi also started crying, and buried her face in Tenchi's chest and
started crying.
        "She said she hated me, Tenchi!" Mihoshi said sobbing "Is it true?"
        " No Mihoshi, she's just at the end of her pregnancy and women tend to hate
everyone"
        "Shut up Tenchi, I do not!" Ryoko yelled burying her face in her hands  " I
hate you!"

                               *       *       *

        "Dinner everyone!" Sasami shouted. Everyone quickly came to find hot food
awaiting them on the table. "Oh yeah, Ryoko I made your favorite!!"                     "Wow,
thanks Sasami It's been ages since I had this!" said Ryoko unusually happy
considering of the circumstances.
        "Your welcome Ryoko! I know that you haven't been…feeling your best as of
late, so I thought you would enjoy this." Sasami said as she sat down and
looked at Ryoko, who for what seemed like no reason whatsoever was glaring at
Ayeka across from her.
        Ryoko then realized that everyone was already eating and talking amongst each
other. * Hmm, this looks good * Ryoko thought to herself as she glanced down
at her own food. Then She took a bite, and chewed thoughtfully for a moment
and swallowed.
        "This is very good Sasami!" Ryoko said as she started to take another bite.
But as soon as the chopsticks had entered her mouth, she choked and coughed
violently as the food touched her tongue. Then she spit it out and ran for the
other room and then disappeared down the hall.
        " I thought that was her favorite?" Sasami said sadly as she thought about
what she had just witnessed along with the others. "That is her favorite,
right Ten…" But he was already gone after Ryoko.
        "Ryoko? is everything okay?" Tenchi asked as he knocked on the bathroom door.
" Everyone's worried"
        "Tenchi?'
        "Yes?"
        "I think I pissed in my pants without even realizing it."
Then terror struck Tenchi's heart and his mind began to race. "Uh, Ryoko, I
think that we should see Washu. So would you just come out for a minute?"
        "Okay" Ryoko replied as she stepped out of the bathroom and started to walk
slowly toward Washu's lab. Halfway there the other residences of the household
met them. All of which had worried and exited looks on their faces.
        "What's happening?" said Mihoshi densely.
        "Out of the way, Ryoko's giving birth," Tenchi said as calmly as the
situation permitted.
        "What?" Ryoko shouted.
        "Birth?" yelled Mihoshi.
        They quickly hustled Ryoko to Washu's lab "Washu, quick Ryoko's giving
birth."
        " No I'm not!" Ryoko cried, as the reality of the situation finally came to
her.
        " Get her in the lab, I'll be with you in just a minute. Kyone come with me."
Washu said as she summoned her hollow computer. Tenchi watched and then waited
as Washu and Kyone were teleported somewhere.
        "It's all right Ryoko, it will be okay." Tenchi said as he squeezed Ryoko's
hand reassuringly.
        " Yes Ryoko everything will be fine, I'm sure Washu will do a fine job of
carrying out the procedure." Ayeka said. Everyone nodded in mock agreement.
(This is where you would see a huge sweatdrop of all the members of the
family's heads.)
        "You bet I'll do a good job!," said Washu, who had just teleported back with
Kyone. "Now make room.  Now, I want only Tenchi, Myself, Kyone, and Ryoko
present until the procedure is done. So move out!" Washu commanded.
        Everyone scattered out of the Lab and Washu made sure that she locked the
door once everyone had left. "Okay, now let's get started!"

                               *       *       *

        Sasami paced nervously outside of the Lab's door. * Oh, I hope everything is
okay, I wonder what's going on?. * She thought to herself. Everyone else was
sitting quietly in the hallway outside of Washu's Lab. " How long has it been
now Noboyuki?" Sasami asked worried.
        "Sasami, that's  the fifth time you've asked in the last four minutes!"
Noboyuki replied. " If you don't believe me, you can take the watch" He said
irritated.
        "I'm sorry, Noboyuki I just worry to much."
        "Apology accepted. Oh, and by the way, It has only been two hours."

                               *       *       *

14:34:14 Later  10:13A.M

        Everyone was asleep when Washu burst out and said, "It's a healthy baby boy!"
******************************************************************************

        Thus ends A Flower Blooms. We hoped you enjoyed it! Oh, and don't forget to
read the next chapter after this!

Dear Readers,
        All the information and symptoms of a pregnant women are shown correctly
above. What we mean is, if Ryoko really were pregnant, she would act a lot
like she does above. Although, we did exaggerate a bit, okay in some places a
lot. But, if you don't think that is how pregnant women act, then go ask your
Mommy. And if you're mommy isn't available, then go ask your Daddy. And if
you're daddy isn't available, then you're parents are deadbeats! Oh, if you're
parents are deceased, then we are deeply sorry.  But, for the rest of you!
you're parents are deadbeats! Ha!
If you are wondering where we got the name for the baby, just send some e-mail
to our good friend and proofreader, Literary Eagle at this address,
literaryeagle@Hotmail.com. If you want to send us you're comments and
criticisms, e-mail us at Ryoko39655@aol.com or Blugoon@aol.com Thanks! Don't
forget to read Literary eagle's Fic's too!

Disclaimer: We do not own any of the characters in this story, except for one!
That's right, you guessed it, Tindei! If you really did guess right and are
proud of yourself, then you must have an I.Q of 331!  Hell! You almost topped
Washu! *Joke*
And if you didn't think that that last part was a joke, well hell with you and
you're ways!!!

 Text Copyright 1999, Max Gilliland (Ryoko39655) & Rhys (pronounced Reese)
Doyle (Blugoon)

.
