	This work is Fan Fiction, derived from Characters and Situations 
that are Copyright and/or Trademark AIC, and Pioneer LDCA, any public 
performance or commercial use of this material would require the very 
unlikely permission of the original copyright holders.

A Hound of Heaven

	The Captain of the Jurai fast cruiser Lightning let out the 
breath he'd been holding as his target bloomed in to an expanding cloud 
of plasma. Let the big boys in the Battle-wagons boast, Lightning was 
the fastest ship in the fleet. Without her, this particular target 
would have gotten away, and the big boys wanted this one badly. 
Something had slipped out that shouldn't have; Captain Hideo considered 
that as he keyed open a voice channel to the flagship.
	"Sir, Lightning reporting. Target Ryo-ohki destroyed at long 
range. Analyses indicate that one hundred percent of target mass was 
converted to plasma. Spectrum analysis shows lithium-deuterium fusion, 
there must have been a self-destruct. I await further instructions."
	Admiral Toratoshi handled the call personally, not normal 
procedure. "No further action is required" thank the gods for that, 
"Good work, Captain Hideo. Return at once, we don't want to stay in the 
forbidden zone any longer than necessary. Report to fleet intelligence 
for debriefing" and pray that fine young officer didn't ask too many 
questions. Good officers are hard to replace.
	Admiral Toratoshi replayed the telemetry of the intercept, and 
was relieved to find no sign that anything, object or signal, escaped 
the destruction. Odd, that; why would a Live-ship like the Ryo-ohki 
have a thermo-nuclear self-destruct? On a need to know basis, the only 
other person with him was his intelligence liaison, Lieutenant 
Morimoto. The Admiral turned to him: "So, the Gabriel Rachets screw up 
again, and the military has to go in and clean up the mess. Thirty five 
hundred years since the first mutant terror, and here they go again. 
Will another sovereign have to kill as Queen Hinase did? The bleeding 
hearts still call her "The baby killer Queen", what else could she have 
done?"
	"Perhaps she could have put the Mutant Yuugi into stasis?" The 
Lieutenant speculated.
	"How would that have been more humane? And nothing is forever." 
The Admiral shuddered, then consciously squelched his feelings. "Pah, 
what am I thinking? Humanity? Artificial Persons have no legal or moral 
status. They're just protoplasmic machines; and nothing more" he 
reassured himself.
	"Still, that would have quieted some of the bitterest criticisms. 
The throne's reputation has suffered."
	The Admiral glanced speculatively at his Lieutenant. 
	"At least we've kept this one quiet. Can't have a scandal just 
now, when an heir has finally been born. She'll be presented to the 
court within the week, and the home fleet needs to be there to show the 
flag. Aeka is not a very auspicious name, eh?"
	The Lieutenant hesitated, "Aeka is the name of a royal ancestor, 
as I recall."
	"The King is always right, eh, Morimoto?"
	"Are you testing me, Sir? It is the throne, and not the man that 
we are sworn to."
	"That's right, you're one of them, aren't you? A Gabriel Rachet? 
Oh, don't look so shocked, as a member of the Holy Council, I'm one of 
the twelve who even know you people exist. You think I would have 
mentioned them in your presence if I didn't know? There is nothing in 
the records to identify you. I happen to have seen you during my 
official tour of your facility. You think I could rise to this rank and 
not be that sharp? What makes you people so sure of your own loyalty?"
	"We are Janissaries, Sir, and we accept that. We have no 
existence apart from the crown, no personal identities, no childhood, 
no name. I was unclaimed, taken at birth, my parents either dead or 
unfit, but my genetic heritage was vetted. I owe all of my continued 
existence and status to the Gabriel Rachets, and of course, the Crown."  

	A week later, following the presentation of the new Crown 
Princess, Admiral Toratoshi took his personal yacht, and entered the 
forbidden zone; setting a course for Gabriel Rachet headquarters.
	"Marshall, I think you know what I'm here for"
	"Admiral?" responded Marshall Ota. He was in fact the Grand 
Marshall of the Galactic Police; an ace up Jurai's sleeve in it's 
efforts to covertly control those parts of the Galaxy not under direct 
military domination.
	"The Counsel wants a full accounting of the Ryouko incident, 
Marshall. We don't want any repetitions."
	"Indeed. A number of years ago we incidentally obtained custody 
of several children that were products of; shall we say, Royal 
indiscretions. Testing showed a considerable potential in them for 
Jurai power. We reviewed records extending back to the days of the 
Yuugi project, and our chief geneticist approved two new experiments.
	Admiral, there has been a lot of progress in the last thirty-
five-hundred years. We are now quite sure of our ability to condition 
and control any human child that we take from birth. What we failed to 
take into account in project Ryouko was the mother. We assumed that the 
already cowed mothers would reject a child that was essentially the 
product of medical rape. The first Jurai Power Mutant, code named 
"Nagi", was produced according to plan. It is now four years old, and 
it's programming is proceeding as expected.
	 The Ryouko child's mother caught us unawares. She was smarter, 
more precocious than our conditioning techniques allow for, and she 
developed a pre-natal psychic link to the child that was quite 
unexpected. It allowed her to suborn the Ryo-ohki creature."
	"What exactly is this the Live-ship Ryo-ohki, anyway?"
	"You will recall the "cabbit" creatures that the mad scientist 
Washu produced seven hundred years ago, just before she was sentenced 
to stasis?"
	The Admiral nodded, "Yes, interesting creatures; a cross between 
a genetically engineered small mammal and a higher-dimensional 
crystalline life-form. The creature form is curiously reminiscent of 
both a cat and a rabbit. They went feral after Washu's arrest, and have 
become a pest on several thinly populated agricultural planets."
	"Their crystalline ship form is as powerful as a ship of Jurai, 
more compact, faster, and a lot tougher. Not only that, but they stow 
their crystalline form in subspace and conveniently become cute little 
cuddlies. Ahem, anyway, they have too much of a mind of their own to be 
suitable for use, or so we thought.
	We now believe that Washu intended mutant work along the lines of 
the Yuugi model, since it turns out that pair bonding occurs between 
Yuugi type Jurai power mutants and cabbits. We selected a young female 
cabbit and bonded it with the project Ryouko child in-utero, calling 
the creature Ryo-ohki. The mutant was designed to have a strong 
telepathic empathy with shamanic animal spirits, hence the name Project 
Ryouko. As I said, the mother also formed a psychic link with the 
fetus. Apparently the mother had a powerful undetected shamanic 
potential. 
	About the end of the second trimester, we started to detect 
anomalies we now know were related to the unsuspected psychic bond. On 
the recommendation of the supervising researcher, the fetus was taken 
by c-section and transferred to an artificial womb. When the mother 
woke up, all hell broke loose. Ryo-ohki transformed into her ship form 
and ripped into the laboratory like a demon from hell, taking mother 
and fetus into herself. The rest you know."
	"Her, Marshall?"
	"Uh, yes. I know. We think that was part of the problem. Empathy 
levels entirely too high for our conditioning techniques to cope with. 
Fortunately, the cabbit in Project Nagi is male. It just may be that 
was the crucial difference."
	"So the Ryo-ohki creature took mother and fetus, and made a run 
for it?"
	The Marshall nodded an affirmative, "and that's the end of it"
	"Your life depends on that, Marshall. In any case, I want a 
permanent alert entered in the Jurai net on all three names and genetic 
patterns. If any of them ever surfaces, they must be eliminated."
	"Naturally" the Marshall responded, unphased by the threat. "My 
life belongs to the Gabriel Rachets, and thus to the Throne"
	"Now that we've got everything understood; please satisfy a 
personal curiosity of mine. Where does the name Gabriel Rachet come 
from?"
	"It comes from the home planet, from a people so removed from the 
Sunrise Islands your Royal culture is associated with that they might 
as well be at the opposite end of the Galaxy. It has to do with a 
legend called the wild hunt."
	"The secret of planet oh-three-one-five, eh? You think it's safe 
to invoke folklore connected to the home world?"
	"The shamanic powers are so damped down around that world, there 
is little chance of anyone making a connection. If anyone ever tumbles 
on to the fact that obscure, backward colony is actually the mythical 
home world, it won't be through something like our name. Really, all it 
would take is some halfway bright naturalist noticing that all the 
native life forms on that world are based on the same life chemistry as 
humans."

 	Tally was an old man, even he wasn't sure how old. Captured in 
crystal for he didn't know how long, he'd recently been freed from the 
crystal, only to find that he was still a prisoner, a long way from 
home. He had a fair intuitive grasp that he was now in a world among 
the stars, a garden world of the Jurai royal family, and a world as 
heavily shielded from his shamanic powers as was his native Earth. The 
Jurai Nobility were terribly afraid of anyone outside their own 
hereditary clans having those powers.
	Once, on Earth, commonly known as Planet Colony oh-three-one-
five, he had been a kingmaker, the most powerful shaman of his time. 
Now he was the head gardener of a world. Head gardener, and the only 
human other than Royal visitors. The gardens were actually tended by 
Wuzzles, semi-sentient insectivores resembling white ferrets with long 
sticky tongues.
	Tally stroked his long white beard and pondered. There had been a 
bright shooting star the previous night. It was unusual for anything 
but sunlight and Royal ships to penetrate the mystic shields protecting 
Niwa, the rather unimaginatively named royal garden planet. Since Niwa 
was a small artificial world, it was not long before the Wuzzles 
brought him word of a crushed flower-bed, and mysterious stone. Tally 
entered the bole of the nearest Jurai tree, and emerged seconds later 
from a similar tree near the damaged plantings.
	He brushed himself off and quieted his stomach before walking the 
kilometer or so to the site. Travel between the trees was rather like 
falling down a very long shaft, until you were popped out at your 
destination, off balance. Tally had lost his lunch more than once 
traveling that way. By the time he arrived at the fallen star, several 
local Wuzzle caretakers had joined him.
	The fallen star was lying on the surface, at the end of a short 
track of plowed up earth. It was about two meters long, shaped like a 
pointed ice cream cone, and made of a rough, fibrous material. Tally 
judged it to be either artificial or organic in form, and made of some 
sort of silicon carbide fiber composite. Putting his hand on it, he 
found the thing still warm, and it pulsed like it was alive. On his 
touch, there was a loud click, and the rounded back end fell off the 
cone. 
Inside he could see a metallic capsule half a meter by a meter, 
and a fifteen centimeter purple ovoid that he judged to be some sort of 
egg. On the capsule were several labels written in Juraian glyphs. One 
of them read "Project Ryouko", another "neo-natal artificial womb, 
manufactured by Aldebaran bio-medical, New Yamato, Jurai. Read 
instruction manual before use." Taped to the capsule was a note, "This 
is my daughter. If you find her, for the love of the gods, please hide 
her from the Jurai."
Literacy is a wonderful tool. Little as he understood of Juraian 
technology, Tally was able to activate and read the electronic manual 
wired to the capsule. After reading, he was able to ascertain that the 
fetus inside was only a few weeks from full maturity. While still 
pondering what to do, he noticed that the purple egg was twitching. 
Just as he put his hands on it, it cracked open with a flash of heat, 
revealing a small brown creature resembling a cat, but with the ears, 
tail, and hind legs of a rabbit. He picked up the creature, and mumbled 
to himself.
"What in the world am I going to do with these things?"
The creature started struggling violently in his hands, and when 
he dropped it, it scurried on top of the capsule, took a protective 
stance with fangs bared, hissing. Tally mumbled some old chants, 
passing his hands over the strange creature. At that range, even the 
with the severe limits his Jurai jailers had imposed on his shamanic 
powers, he was able to converse with the spirit of the animal.
"So, you are the child's familiar, Ryo-ohki"
"Meow"
"And a fine guardian beast you are, too"
With his mind made up, Tally passed his hands over the local 
Wuzzle foreman. Within minutes, dozens of tiny clever hands were 
chipping away at the composite material of the fallen star, and it 
started dissolving before his eyes. Tally picked up the capsule, which 
only weighed about twenty kilos, and Ryo-ohki assumed a post on his 
right shoulder. Half an hour later, Tally was back in his caretaker's 
cottage, on the far side of Niwa from the landing site.
Three weeks later, carefully following the instructions in the 
instruction manual, Tally activated the capsule's birthing protocol. 
Fifteen minutes later, he held in his hands a newborn girl. Examining 
the infant, he saw that she had flaring, curled elfin ears, bright 
golden irises with elliptical pupils, and wisps of bright, almost cyan 
blue hair. As he held her, he noticed his hands were wet. Chuckling to 
himself, he realized he had a lot to re-learn about infants.
"So you are Ryouko" he muttered, "Spirit-caller. I like that 
name."

The years pass quickly for an old man. Before Tally knew it the 
orphan Ryouko was getting about on her own feet. He now spent much of 
his free time teaching the child to read, and to operate the computers 
of the Jurai net that remained a mystery to him. Other than her ears, 
which after a while seemed more paddle like than elfin, and those 
golden eyes, Ryouko's features seemed more akin to Juraian nobility 
than any ethnicity Tally was familiar with from old Earth.
Even given how small Niwa was, barely a thousand kilometers 
across, what happened in Ryouko's fifth year defies comprehension. One 
day, while Tally was away, supervising the installation of amusement 
rides for the young Crown Princess, Ryouko went out in a flower strewn 
meadow to play. How the Princess Aeka came to be playing in the same 
meadow, and what really happened between the two girls may never be 
known with any certainty: What is known is that Princess Aeka reported 
the presence of the other girl to her guardians.
"I've been dismissed, dear heart" Tally informed the solemn faced 
child. "It seems these people don't even remember who I am, or why I 
was brought here. I'm afraid we will be leaving for Jurai tomorrow 
morning."
"I shall miss Niwa" was Ryouko's only reply.
Tally knew nothing of registration and immigration laws, and no 
one on the military transport that took them from Niwa to Jurai seemed 
to think anything of the presence of the unauthorized child that had 
caused his dismissal. They landed at a military base, incidentally 
bypassing immigration checks. Tally, the child, and her strange pet 
were literally shown the door with nothing but what they could carry. 
After wandering the streets for a while, Ryouko went to a public 
information kiosk, and found the address of the Office of Royal 
Benevolence (Welfare, that is).
The benevolence clerk couldn't find any employment records for 
Tally, but since his identity was registered, and a bio-scan verified 
his biological age as nearing one hundred years, a minimal Stipend from 
the Royal Alms for the Aged (Social Security) was authorized, as well 
as a small public housing unit. Inexplicably, the clerk ignored the 
presence of the blue haired child, and Tally certainly wasn't foolish 
enough to press the matter.
Over the following three years the old man devoted nearly every 
waking hour to educating the child, and quietly implanting in her the 
inner disciplines and keys that would allow her to use her shamanic 
powers when she matured. Their income was meager, and since Ryouko 
could neither register, apprentice, nor attend school, she took to 
making handcrafts and selling them on the streets when she wasn't 
learning from old Tally. In Ryouko's eighth year the second of her 
inexplicable encounters with the Crown Princess occurred.
Once again, we cannot know with certainty what passed between the 
Crown Princess and Ryouko. What can be said with certainty is that 
signs went up detailing the licensing and permit processes required for 
vendors at street fairs and carnivals in royal precincts, which meant 
pretty much all of Planet Jurai. Police searches were conducted for the 
black marketeering street urchin of whom Princess Aeka had complained. 
From that moment onward, Ryouko's wiles were devoted to the conduct of 
her affairs outside of official purview.
When Ryouko told the old man what had happened, he told her what 
little he knew about her origin, showing her the note.
"So it looks like I can't just register and get it over with?"
"I should think that would be very dangerous, child. What I can 
do is give you the network key and passwords that I was given as Royal 
Gardener on Niwa. I didn't give them to you up to now because I wasn't 
sure you were mature enough, or that it would be necessary. After all, 
I didn't know what life would be like here on Jurai. I have checked, 
the account still works. I guess they never thought to revoke my net 
privileges. Rather than using a biometric, they gave me a token that 
could be passed on to my successor. They didn't ask, and I didn't hand 
it over."
The token was a key that fitted into a slot in standard JuraiNet 
terminals. In conjunction with passwords, it gave Ryouko privileged 
access. Just the fact that the account originated in the forbidden zone 
seemed to prevent the net minders from questioning the account. From 
that time on, Ryouko made her living as a street runner for the various 
underworld enterprises that seem to spring up in any organized society. 
Ryouko's ability to anticipate and evade the Jurai police on her 
runs made her legendary in the back alleys of the Juraian capitol. A 
few times undercover police actually closed in on her, but she used 
some of the lesser tricks of "the power" that Tally had taught her, 
such as fogging her presence in the minds of people around her, and 
blocking Jurai energy swords. Since Jurai commoners, even policemen, 
were not permitted any weapons beyond staves, and were totally helpless 
in the face of Jurai powers, the undercover investigators concluded 
that the mysterious new underworld runner must be a renegade from the 
nobility. The word from encouters, that it was a young girl, was just 
too much to credit.
In those tender years on Jurai, Ryouko was fairly safe from 
perverts because of the awe in which the Jurai powers were held, but it 
was not hard for the young girl to pick up on the undercurrents. She 
did not enjoy the people she was working with. When teenage and puberty 
hit her at the same time, her figure and her powers bloomed together. 
It became difficult for her to practice her powers in secret, and more 
important than ever that she be able to protect herself. It was then 
that she became able to communicate directly with Ryo-ohki, and learned 
of the cabbit's hidden crystalline body.
At that time Ryouko developed two of her signature touches. Since 
her hair had too much body for the current hair styles of the Jurai 
nobility, she searched through the net and found an exotic spiked 
version of the usual Noblewoman's haircut, dating from the "Academy" 
period, about seven hundred years before. This hairstyle had been 
brought into fashion by the famous "Mad Scientist" Washu in the heyday 
of the Royal Science Academy, before she'd been discovered doing 
forbidden research on weapons of mass destruction.
The second Ryouko touch was when she discovered that Ryo-ohki had 
the ability to produce just about any clothing Ryouko could provide her 
with a design for. Ryouko combed the net, and quickly developed a flare 
for exotic and dramatic costumes. It irked her more than a little bit 
that she couldn't strut the costumes in her then lifestyle.
It was shortly after her fourteenth birthday that Ryouko came 
home one night to find Tally collapsed on the floor. She quickly lifted 
him to the couch and summoned the para-medics. Though Tally was 
conscious, he knew he was dying.
"Ryouko, you take care of yourself now. Get away from here, as 
far away as you can. With me gone there is no reason for you to stay on 
Jurai. You know, you always reminded me of Morgaine" he started 
reminiscing. He sensed that she thought he meant the Jurai Queen 
Morigana, who had imprisoned him in crystal stasis, sealed away the 
greater part of the Earth's shamanic powers, and spirited him away to 
Niwa. "No, not her. Funny how similar the names were. I mean the 
incestuous sister of the Dragon King" he chuckled, "such a wicked 
beauty, such a body.an old man's dream. How I'd love to see her again." 
And with that, the old man passed away.
By the time the Para-medics arrived, there was little left to do 
but the formalities. Ryouko stood numbly over the diminished body of 
the old man, and cried. Assuming that she was next of kin, the lead 
para-medic did an ID bio-scan on her. His eyes goggled wildly when his 
scanner screen lit up with a biohazard alert. According to the 
instrument, the girl standing in front of him was an exotic and 
dangerous alien life form. Notification was already sent to the Royal 
Biological Warfare Center. The instructions on his screen told him to 
try to detain the creature.
The paramedic attempted to take her hand, "Miss, please sit down"
Ryouko glanced him over, and spotted the bio-hazard symbol on his 
scanner.
"You scanned me, didn't you?"
"Now Miss", he tried to reassure himself, licking his suddenly 
dry lips, "there's no reason to get excited"
A burst of shield power flung him against the wall. His partner 
tried to block the doorway, but changed his mind when she materialized 
an energy sword. Ryo-ohki leapt to Ryouko's shoulder, and she walked 
out of the apartment without a glance backwards. By the time the first 
troops arrived, Ryouko was nowhere to be found. By midnight, the 
capitol was teaming with black-clad special forces teams armed with 
energy weapons and led by Noble officers with Jurai powers.
Ryouko walked out several kilometers into the Royal parklands 
surrounding the capitol. When she reached what she judged to be a 
suitable clearing, she took her pet in hand and flung her skyward. She 
had never before seen Ryo-ohki's ship form manifested. Needless to say, 
she was impressed.
Planet Jurai's defenses were designed to keep things out, not in. 
By the time the fleet could react, Ryouko and the Ryo-ohki were 
vanished into the void.
Ryouko alighted on the resort world of Aldaran. This seemed a 
likely choice, since though it was a tributary planet to the Jurai 
Empire, it was not inhabited by Juraians, or incorporated into Juraian 
territory. Neither the public net nor the authorities were tied into 
the Jurai Net, so it was possible for Ryouko to register and obtain a 
work permit; (well, she did have to lie about her age). With 
credentials in hand, she was able to get an honest job as a hotel maid 
at one of the most prestigious hotels on the planet.
It seems wildly improbable that in an Empire of over a thousand 
systems, and on a planet with over a thousand resort hotels, the Crown 
Princess would choose to vacation at the hotel where Ryouko chose to go 
to work; but that is in fact what happened. For a third time, orphan 
and Princess met. Again, what really happened between the two is not 
recorded, but this time she was recognized by the head of the Princess' 
security detail.
With her powers in full bloom, Ryouko simply dropped through the 
floor and vanished, leaving behind her first and last attempt at an 
honest job. Jurai's Royal Guard immediately cast a dragnet over the 
entire resort island the hotel was located on, but not before Ryouko 
was able to rent a small sailboat using a forged identity. This gave 
her about a forty-eight hour head start, since Princess Aeka had 
arrived by commercial ship, and it took the nearest squadron of the 
Jurai space navy that long to arrive on scene.
Why Ryouko imagined that what hit her little sailboat was the 
Princess' yacht, we may never know. What we know is that the Jurai 
space battleship Toratoshi, under the command of Admiral Hideo, 
decimated that entire quadrant of the resort planet. Ryouko evidently 
escaped under water in the Ryo-ohki. Resentment by the locals of the 
unprovoked bombardment, the worst in Galactic history to that day, 
would in generations to come result in Aldaran's leadership in founding 
the First Republic: But that is another story.

Admiral Toratoshi, (retired), sat glumly in the executive offices 
of the Galaxy Police, watching Internal Investigations officers 
document the late Marshall Ota's remains. He reflected sourly that the 
custom of seppuku had far more down sides than up sides. A fine and 
useful agent, the late Marshall had carried out his suicide as soon as 
he had verified the reappearance of the Ryouko child. Why couldn't that 
damn fool Hideo have the decency to do the same? But no, Admiral Hideo 
was totally oblivious to the fact that he had committed an atrocity of 
historic proportions, using the ship named for his retired predecessor, 
yours truly.
Meanwhile, Toratoshi had been sent to smooth things over with the 
new Marshall. The new GP commander, Marshall Kuremitsu, was a man of 
unquestionable integrity and competence. Unfortunately, Kuremitsu was 
not a Jurai agent. Toratoshi gazed at the blond bearded giant seated 
across from him and gathered his words.
"Marshall, the Jurai need your help on this one. This creature 
Ryouko may look like a human being, but it's really an exotic and 
dangerous alien predator. Unfortunately, Admiral Hideo has made matters 
worse with the Aldaran incident. Damn it, protocols call for 
sterilization by fusion bombardment only for alien infections, and then 
only after every effort has been made to control spread by quarantine, 
and then to minimize impact on the civilian population."
"Admiral, the member planets of the Galactic Police Union are 
very uncomfortable with what happened at Aldaran. I look at the bio-
scan data for this alleged "creature" Ryouko, and it looks like a human 
being to me. I'm sorry, but unless she commits a crime, I'm going to 
have to say no."
"Marshall, I could send the fleet after her in "Hot Pursuit" 
under the terms of our extraterritoriality treaties"
"After the Aldaran incident, I should think that unwise. The 
Union states would regard it as an act of war."
Admiral Toratoshi seethed: Damn, if that little bastard Hideo 
doesn't commit seppuku voluntarily, I'll do it for him.

Meanwhile, Ryouko had hooked herself up with a Corrillian 
smuggling clan. The patriarch immediately gave her the Kessel run 
because of Ryo-ohki's maneuverability. It seemed that the Kessel run 
was a notorious obstacle-course of nebulae, dead stars, and asteroid 
debris. Most ships took the long way around, thirty parsecs or more. 
Smugglers generally laid in courses about twenty parsecs long. Ryouko 
had it down to fifteen.
Given the crowd she was working with, it is perhaps not 
surprising that Ryouko hung with the boys at the bars frequented by 
smugglers, and began drinking. It wasn't long before some good ol' boy 
tried something. The first drunken smuggler that put her in an arm-lock 
got his right foot blown off by a plasma bolt. Word spread quickly that 
the blue haired smuggler girl who looked like a deranged Jurai 
Noblewoman was armed and dangerous. 
Not long afterward, she was intercepted by the Galaxy Police 
while she was doing the Kessel run. It was said that the smuggler with 
no right foot had informed on her. Not surprisingly, his body was found 
drifting in space near a Corrillian trading station above Tatooine a 
few weeks later, but the damage had already been done. Instead of 
surrendering like a good smuggler, Ryouko had rammed the police cruiser 
and run.
"I know you have your reasons" the Patriarch told her, "but we're 
going to have to let you go. I run a clean smuggling operation. We 
always stay out of trouble with the authorities by surrendering and 
paying our fines."
Ryouko drifted into the more dangerous circles of Ninjas, 
Pirates, and Assassins.

Marshall Kuremitsu appeared on the video screen in Admiral 
Toratoshi's office. The formerly retired Admiral was not happy to see 
him, but it got better quickly.
"Admiral, your prize goat has done it"
"Eh?"
"The Ryo-ohki was intercepted on a smuggling run, and ran, 
damaging a police cruiser. The pilot was positively identified as 
Ryouko. It's a bit of a stretch, but I can make out a warrant charging 
Space Piracy."
"Oh, good, good. The Crown would like to put a bounty of five 
thousand Jurai on her. We've already got a bounty hunter hired. That's 
all clear and legal now, ne?"
"Yes, perfectly legal and proper. By the way, who have you 
hired?"
"A young hunter by the name of Nagi. Perhaps you've heard of 
her?"
"Oh, yes. Nothing but the best, eh?" The Marshall didn't need to 
add that the spectacularly successful new bounty hunter seemed to 
specialize in collecting Jurai Crown bounties.
"By the way, do you think you could re-classify her as a class-A 
criminal?"
"That's a bit premature, Admiral. Be patient, with the abilities 
we've seen so far, it won't take long for her to get there."
The Admiral severed the connection, and turned to the cloaked 
figure standing just outside camera range.
"You heard the man, Nagi. Go to it."
She raised her right fist to her chest, slightly parting her 
cape, bowing.
"Sir!"

Owari

Postlog

In a system dominated by old men, Minister of Security Sagami was 
not only the youngest person ever appointed to head the Gabriel 
Rachets, he was also the first field agent ever elevated to that post. 
Promotions had come with dizzying swiftness since "Yosho" had 
reappeared to claim the throne. Sagami was a cynic, but he was not at 
all comfortable with the unsavory characters gathering around the 
throne under the new Lord. What was worse was that the Admiral of the 
Home Fleet, an uncle to the now outlawed Crown Princess, had provided 
Sagami with surveillance recordings of Yosho boasting that he intended 
to be the "last king of Jurai". This put Sagami's loyalties in a 
quandry.
The preternaturally youthful and earnest man sat in the base 
chapel. Before him was a surreal sculptural representation of Tokimi, 
the patron goddess of the intelligence services. At the foot of the 
statue were a number of dried fruits, and a holder with a couple of 
sticks of burning incense. The composition of that incense would get 
you ten to twenty at hard labor if used outside a Tokimi chapel.
Sagami inhaled deeply, and the smoke of the incense did it's 
"magic". He bowed his head and pleaded for at least the hundredth time 
for Tokimi to resolve his dilemma.
The statue dissolved and was replaced with an impossible vision, 
a semblance of a human being, but somehow represented in more than 
three dimensions. Sagami was terrified to the point that he was afraid 
he would soil his undergarment.
"Why are you mortals always do surprised when your prayers are 
answered? Don't you think I'm real?"
"Goddess, if you are real, then you must know my dilemma"
"There is no dilemma"
Sagami's mind whirled with confusion. Tokimi sighed in response.
"Thank the one god that you are sincere. Look, you. I am the 
goddess of clock time, if you please. On old Earth I am known by many 
names, Hel, Hecate, Astarte, Kali, and Tokimi, among others. How many 
times am I mistaken as evil by my followers. If you imagine that you 
serve evil, why aren't you running as fast as you can in the opposite 
direction, boy?
Clock time passes inexorably, the past, any past, is immutable. 
It is it's nature to be unyielding, unforgiving. What is past, for good 
or ill, cannot be undone. That is the first lesson of life. That is why 
I govern the grave. 
If you wish to follow evil, that path is before you. I must say 
though he styles himself a Dark Lord, your so called "Yosho" is a mere 
lieutenant of the Evil one. Serve evil if you will, it does not please 
me"
Sagami's vision was gone.
When he had recovered, Sagami composed a communiqu‚: "To Agent 
Nagi: until the present emergency is over, you will suspend all other 
objectives and lend your full assistance to Lord Tenchi and his group. 
I, Sagami, Lord Commander of the Gabriel Rachets, take full 
responsibility for this directive, for the sake of the throne, and by 
the will of our goddess Tokimi"

Author's notes: The purpose of this story was to imagine a 
history and origin for the Ryouko and Nagi of the Tenchi Universe 
series. I have with some alterations, borrowed Queen Hinase from Shin 
Tenchi Muyo, and Marshall Kuremitsu from OAV. Transportation inside the 
trunks of Jurai trees is only shown in OAV. In my opinion, the 
Dimension Tuner stories give us an explicit basis for regarding the 
various Tenchi Muyo continuities as parallel worlds. As such it is 
reasonable to suppose that other people and incidents in the parallel 
histories would carry through in recognizable form. I've even provided 
some explanation for the differences between Shin and TV.
Readers will also note some crossover elements from the universe 
of Star Wars. Not only do I think the parallels suggest themselves, I 
think it is fair to say that certain elements of that universe were 
firmly in the minds of the creators of Tenchi Muyo.
 
Text Copyright?2001, Gregory W. Matteson. <matteson@jps.net>
Characters are Copyright and/or Trademark AIC and Pioneer LDCA
	
