A Love Star - Chapter 1: Kareoke



One night Tenchi and the gang were at Al's Kareoke Place. The 
announcer spoke, "What a great performance by Mihoshi and Kiyone! Now 
here is another duet sung by two beautiful young ladies, RYOKO and 
AEKA!" The music started then Ryoko started to sing, facing Aeka.
"When you go fishing, you catch a boot. or some other trash. When 
you play your cards. You loose all your cash! You're so pathetic, you 
never win and you never will. Not the kind of GIRL, who'd make any guy, 
feel the THRILL."
"I'm sorry! You'll never be a GODDESS like me. Step aside, this 
is how it's got to BE!"
"I'll get the guy. Yes I'm the one, who will always win the day. 
I am STRONG and I AM BEAUTIFUL! What more can I say? I'll get the guy; 
he'll hold me close till the very end of time. When you lose, how you 
will only cry. 'Cause the guy will be. MINE!"
Though Tenchi did think the song didn't have a point, he also 
thought Ryoko had a wonderful voice. Then Ryoko and Aeka switched and 
Aeka started to sing, also facing Ryoko.
"While you've been braggin, I had to laugh at your silly boast. 
Fair thee I'm the one. that he loves the most. Because I'm gentle and 
I'm refine, like you'll never be. I have won his heart it's a prize you 
wont. steal from me! Forget it your words won't mean a thing in the 
end, he'll be glad, not to see your face again!

"I'll get the guy, each time I try in a sweet and quiet I'm the queen 
and you're a hopeless fool, that's all I can say. I'll get the guy; 
there's so much love he and I were meant to find, you can stay with all 
the other girls cause the guy will be. MINE!"
Then both started singing, "I'll get the guy, yes I'm the one!" 
Soon they began to argue about who's better for Tenchi.
The announcer broke it up by suggesting of whom wants to go out 
with him. "If you liked that, then you will love this. Here is a 
beautiful lady that we all know, RYOKO!" The music started. A video 
started to play in back of her. "Tenchi, this song's for you." She 
started to sing.
"You and me, we used to be together, everyday together, always. I 
really feel, that I'm losing my best friend, I can't believe this could 
be the end. A lost star, you're letting go and if it's then I don't 
want to know! Don't speak, I know just what your saying, so please stop 
explaining, don't tell me cause it hurts. Don't speak, I know what 
you're thinking, and I don't need your reasons, don't tell me cause it 
hurts."
"Our memories, they can be inviting but some are altogether 
mighty. brightening. As we die, both you and I, with my head in my 
hands I sit and cry! Don't speak, I know what your saying, so please 
stop explaining, don't tell me cause it hurts. No, no, no! Don't speak, 
I know what you're thinking, and I don't need your reasons, don't tell 
me cause it hurts. It's all ending, I got to stop pretending who we 
are."
At this part in the video, tears welled up in Tenchi's eyes. The 
video displayed the time he had slapped Ryoko in the face. He regrets 
it so much.  He knew he loved Ryoko and he would never do that again. 
He didn't know what he was doing. 
"You and me, I can see us dyin' are we? Don't speak, I know just 
what your saying, so please stop explaining, don't tell me cause it 
hurts. No, no! Don't speak, I know what you're thinking, and I don't 
need your reasons, don't tell me cause it hurts, don't tell me cause it 
hurts. I now what you're sayin', so please stop explainin'. Don't 
speak, don't speak, don't speak, no! I now what your thinkin', and I 
don't need your reasons. I know you're good, I now you're good, I now 
you're real good Oh. Don't, don't! Oooh. Hush, hush darling, hush, hush 
darling, hush, hush don't tell me cause it hurts. Hush, hush darling, 
hush, hush darling, hush, hush don't tell me cause it hurts."
Everyone was clapping and Aeka was sticking her tongue out at 
Ryoko's performance and was screaming, "BOOO!" at her. Tenchi was 
crying so hard, he had to go to the bathroom to wipe them all off.
Now that Mayuka was reborn, Ryoko had been the only one that was 
working with Sasami. Ryoko did the cooking that was now just as good as 
Sasami's, she took care Mayuka, and she cleaned the house, she even 
offers to do other people's chores. She was the right one for Tenchi 
and he knew it. Everybody knew it. Except for Aeka. How was Tenchi 
going to tell Aeka about his love for Ryoko? This wasn't going to be 
easy. He called for Aeka . "Yes Lord Tenchi?" she asked. "We need to 
talk." He took Aeka to backstage. " Aeka I don't know how to tell you 
this but. I don't. really. think we .should.share our lives together." 
"Does this mean you want to." "I'm sorry Aeka." She quickly ran away as 
she wept in her soft hands.
Ryoko had seen her. She walked up to Tenchi. 
"Hey Tenchi, what's wrong with little princess?" 
"I just told her something that I bet she couldn't believe." 
"Oh, what was it?" "Let me show you." Tenchi pulled out something 
that made Ryoko jump. 
"Ryoko, Out of all the time that I have spent with you, I now 
know that you are the only one for me. Ryoko.will you marry me?" What 
Tenchi was holding was a golden ring with big crystal heart in the 
middle. Yup! You guessed it; it was an engagement ring. 	"Yes, I 
really mean it, yes, I will marry you, but you have to promise to keep 
it a secret from everyone until my birthday this Thursday."
"Ok."
But what they didn't know was that Mihoshi was eavesdropping on 
them.

  Well, that's my first chapter. These songs don't belong to me. They 
belong to AIC Pioneer and the famous No Doubt, rock group. Also the 
characters don't belong to me, they also belong to AIC Pioneer. Please 
send me your questions or comments. Wait for my next chapter. Bye!










