Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi. AIC/Pioneer owns it.


A/N: This is a one shot fic based upon the OVA series.




A Mirror of Loneliness


Ayeka Jurai, the first crowned princess of her planet, was the most 
lonely person whom she knew. She had her little sister by her, but it 
wasn't enough.

She wanted someone to love and love her back.

Ayeka's mind was clouded with thoughts of Tenchi, for he was the one 
she loved the most. He completed her.

She had been sitting in her room, combing her hair. She looked then 
looked into her mirror to check her hair. It was perfect. As usual.

Ayeka sighed. 'Why is it that I cannot find love?'

She looked back into the mirror and saw herself, just as she was 
everyday, but something was different. Instead of her naturally 
pleasant smile, there was a sad frown.

'I do not need this,' Ayeka thought, 'but Ryoko has won him in every 
aspect. How am I to compete with the one whom was by his side since his 
childhood?'

She then heard her little sister, Sasami, call her down for breakfast. 
She looked into the mirror once more and when she was finally satisfied 
with her appearance, she went downstairs.

"Ohayo, oneesama!" Sasami greeted cheerfully.

Ayeka gave her little sister a warm smile. "Ohayo, Sasami-chan. Where 
are Tenchi-sama and Ryoko?"

"Ryoko still isn't awake because she had so much sake last night and 
Tenchi-niichan is at the fields working," said Sasami, while placed 
Ayeka's food on the table.

Ayeka sat down and placed a spoon inside of her bowl and then asked, 
"Sasami-chan, do you believe that I still have a chance with Tenchi-
sama?"

Sasami blinked at her sister and said, "Of course, oneesama! Why would 
you think that you didn't?"

Ayeka sighed deeply and said, "Well, Tenchi-sama has been very distant 
lately. It's almost as though we aren't friends anymore."

"Then why don't you talk to him about it?" Sasami suggested.

Ayeka blushed lightly at the suggestion. "Do really think that he would 
listen to me?"

"If listens to Ryoko, then he's bound to listen to you, too," Sasami 
said confidently.

Ayeka finished the last of her breakfast and then stood up. She then 
walked over to her sister, knelt down, and hugged her.

Sasami hugged her back. "So, are you going to do it?"

"I sure am, Sasami-chan!" Ayeka said with a smile.

"Better get going before he leaves then," said Sasami as she and her 
sister pulled away from the hug.

"I will, Sasami-chan. Arigato!" said Ayeka as she left the house for 
the fields.

Sasami smiled ruefully and shook her head. "Good luck, oneesama."

At the fields, Tenchi was holding his plow and scraping the ground 
below his feet with it. He then heard some rustling through the tall 
grass in the area that he was in. He looked around and then saw a 
strand of dark, purple hair coming towards him. He squinted and then 
with a sigh of relief noticed that it was Ayeka coming towards him.

"Ohayo, Ayeka-sama," Tenchi greeted her respectfully and with a smile.

Ayeka blushed quickly, but then regained her composure. "Tenchi-sama, 
why have you been so distant to me lately?"

Tenchi looked at her perplexed. "I've been distant?"

"Hai, Tenchi-sama. I have just been wondering why," she told him.

"I'm sorry, Ayeka-sama. I guess it's because I've been so busy lately. 
I'll try not to neglect you anymore," he promised.

"Tenchi-sama, do you love Ryoko?" Ayeka asked him, quietly.

Tenchi's eyes grew wide as saucers and then asked, "Where did that come 
from?"

"I just need to know. I am tired of being lonely," she replied.

"You aren't alone, Ayeka-sama. You have everyone in my house supporting 
you," he said, confused once more.

"That isn't what I meant," said Ayeka.

Tenchi sighed and said, "I know, but how am I supposed to answer that 
question?"

"By telling the truth instead of hiding behind your cowardice," Ayeka 
said almost venomously.

Tenchi caught Ayeka's tone of voice and cringed. "I don't know what to 
say, Ayeka-sama. I do love her."

Ayeka closed her eyes as she felt the hot tears coming on. "I always 
knew that you did. I hope that you two will be very happy together."

Tenchi blinked. "I love all of you."

Ayeka's eyes shot open at that. "Huh?"

"I never said that I was in love with Ryoko, now did I?" he asked, 
allowing a slight smirk to escape his lips.

Ayeka shook her head numbly and Tenchi smirked a little more.

"Now, who could I love like that?" he asked, innocently.

"I do not know," said Ayeka.

"What does your heart tell you?" he asked.

"My heart had told me that it was Ryoko at first, but now…I do not 
know," she admitted.

"Well, I guess that you're just going to have to wait until the time is 
right," he said with a shrug as he began to walk to the shed near the 
house.

"When will the time be right?" Ayeka asked as she followed him to the 
shed.

"Why I say it is," he said, firmly.

He walked into the shed and placed his plow in the plow rack along with 
the other ones. He then walked out of the shed, grabbed one of Ayeka's 
hands, and pulled her into the shed with him. He then shut the door and 
looked around for a dim source of light. Once he had found a match, he 
lit it and then looked at Ayeka.

Ayeka felt her nerves start to tense at the thought of being in a dimly 
lit shed and all alone with Tenchi. Not that she minded, she was just 
nervous.

"Tenchi-sama, what are we doing in here?" she asked, nervously.

"You wanted me to tell you who I am in love with, so I'm going to tell 
you," he said with a slight grin.

"Tenchi-sama, I do not understand where you are going with this," said 
Ayeka.

Without saying a word, Tenchi moved his body closer to Ayeka's. Ayeka 
could feel his breath on her lips, which made her blush.

"Tenchi-sama, you are acting strange," she said, nearly staggering at 
their nearness.

"I know that I am, but I couldn't hold in what I want to say anymore. 
It must come out," he said with a heavy sigh.

Ayeka was a little frightened as she asked, "What is it that you need 
to tell me?"

He then put his lips by her ear and whispered, "You should have known 
that it was always you."

Tenchi then pulled away to find Ayeka's eyes spilling out tears of joy. 
He then pulled her into an embrace, holding her to himself tightly.

"Shh," he soothed, "it's all right. I love you."

Ayeka giggled through her sniffles. "I know that. You told me a few 
seconds ago."

Tenchi smiled warmly at her and said, "Then I guess you wouldn't mind 
if I did something, then."

Ayeka looked up at him curiously and asked, "What something would that 
be?"

"This something," said Tenchi as he pressed his lips against hers.

Ayeka closed her eyes and responded to the kiss gently, but her mind 
was going in overdrive. She couldn't believe what was happening.

'No more broken hearts for me,' she thought happily. 'Never again.'

Once they pulled away from each other, Tenchi opened the shed door and 
they walked out of it. Ayeka then looked away from Tenchi and at the 
house, preparing herself for which would be a happy occasion or one 
that would cause heartbreak.

'Poor, Ryoko,' Ayeka thought with a frown. 'She has suffered the same 
kind of loneliness that I have, even more so. How will she react to the 
news?'

Tenchi looked at Ayeka's concentrated face and asked, "Worried about 
Ryoko, aren't you?"

Ayeka nodded and said, "She loves you deeply, you know."

Tenchi sighed heavily and said, "Yeah, I know."

"What will happen if she decides to leave?" Ayeka asked with concern.

Tenchi looked at the ground and closed his eyes. "I don't want her to 
leave. She's like a wonderful and dear sister to me, but if she does 
decide to leave, I have no right to stop her."

"Now, to uphold the burden of your decision. You know that you must 
tell them all," said Ayeka.

"I know, I'm just worried that one of them will blow up the whole 
house," said Tenchi who was cringing at the thought of it.

"Well, whatever problem you go through tonight, just remember that I'll 
be right there by your side," she said with a smile.

"Forever?" he asked with a smirk.

"Hai," she said in agreement.

"Well, here goes nothing," said Tenchi as he and Ayeka walked back to 
the house.

Ayeka suddenly smiled as she thought, 'No more lonely mirror anymore.'




End






