Disclaimer, thanks, and other fun stuff: Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki and 
it's characters belong to Pioneer LDC. Please don't sue me.... 
^.^* I'd like to thank Evil-chan, Happosai and Neo-Rick, for 
reading my little story here, and not telling me it sucked or 
somethin'... Also, thanks ta my friends for all the encouragement! 
=) This is my first real fanfic (the other one was kinda tiny, and 
doesn't really count, i think.. o.o;), so please bear w/ me.


------------------------------------------------------------------
A Moment of Weakness
by Magda Castillo



	You gaze at the crowd before you, a crowd of strange, yet 
familiar looking people. The sky overhead is gray, dark clouds 
floating lazily along. A somber background, to match the somber 
atmosphere that seems to be present. You turn slowly in a circle, 
trying to discern your exact location. A shrine is located behind 
the group of people, a rather small, but attractive building. You 
notice you are in a courtyard of some sort, and as you look to 
your sides, tall cherry trees send their blossoms on their final 
journey, making the air dance with rose colored petals. Behind 
you, there is a long staircase leading down, and as you stretch 
your neck to see further, you notice a bright red torii standing 
tall. A lush forest snakes down the path behind it, trees and 
plants in every direction.
	The place is undeniable beautiful, and you know you've been 
here before, many times. But you cannot recall the name, nor how 
long ago you visited. A nagging thought pervades your mind, and 
you feel cold with fear. Fear? It feels a bit unfamiliar, but not 
entirely alien. You've felt this way before, just not recently. 
Today, it is brought upon you, as you realize you cannot recall 
your name. You touch your arms, run your fingers through your 
hair, look at your hands in wonder. You may not be sure of who you 
are, but the body feels right, and as you fight down panic, you 
decide it is enough. Hearing a quiet cry, your attention is turned 
once again to the crowd of people gathered in front of the shrine. 
Your spirit rises as you realize they may know who you are. Even 
if they don't, they may still be able to help you. Turning 
slightly, you begin to walk slowly towards them.
 	As you near the group, the tension in the air grows thicker, 
tenser. You hear faint sobs, and a low murmuring voice speaking 
from within the crowd. Your mind starts slightly, trying to 
recognize the voice, but it is useless. Deciding to puzzle it over 
later, you continue on your way, towards the crowd. Passing by a 
pair of young women, you slow to a stop. There is something 
familiar about them, as familiar as the scenery, but even more so. 
Something about the way the blonde woman wails, the manner in 
which her blue eyes weep as she clutches to her slightly taller, 
dark-haired companion make your mental wheels attempt to turn. 
Turning your gaze on the other woman, you expect to see a look of 
annoyed frustration, and are disappointed when you see silent 
sadness instead. Perhaps, you don't know them after all. 
	Even so, you walk up to the two and open your mouth to ask. 
When no sound is emitted, you're initially horrified, but quickly 
push the fear down. You realize a part of you expected this, and 
you wonder why you didn't see it coming. Therefore, you are better 
prepared when you lean towards the blonde, placing yourself right 
in front of her face, and she ignores your presence. You repeat 
this with the dark haired woman, just in case, and obtain the same 
results. They can't see you. You fight down the fear, and accept 
it. It is remarkably easy to do so, almost as if you have accepted 
many difficult predicaments your entire life. You may not know 
your name, but you feel certain you're strong, and refuse to 
crumple. And so, you continue on your way.
	Once again, your mind jolts, as your eyes catch sight of a 
young girl, crying pitifully. Her long blue pigtails bounce 
slightly as her little form trembles, and you feel deep compassion 
stir from within. You would have, in fact, reached out to comfort 
her, had your eyes not lifted to the elder girl she was clinging 
to. As you scan her soft violet tresses, and formal black kimono, 
hatred and resentment overwhelm you, threatening to consume you. 
For a moment you stand staring, trying to control your anger, when 
you suddenly see more. The tears slowly sliding down her cheeks. 
The soft stifled weeping against her sleeve. She is obviously 
struggling to restrain her unhappiness, and failing miserably. 
Rage cools down to confusion, and then to a vague, undefined 
sympathy. You stand before her for a moment longer, puzzling over 
her identity. Your eyes focus once more on her dark robe, then 
shift towards the child, noting she's wearing a similar outfit. 
You don't need to turn your head, to know that the young women you 
previously encountered were sporting the same colors. Feeling a 
chill course up your spine, you continue slowly on your way, 
ignoring the feeling of dread steadily growing in the pit of your 
stomach.
	There are only a few people remaining, gathered nearest to 
the shrine. One figure is standing, and the other two are kneeling 
over something. Instinctively, you somehow know you will not like 
what you see, but the gnawing need to know eclipses the 
apprehension, and you continue to move onward. You are almost upon 
the trio, when a flash of red catches your eye. Slowly turning 
your face to see what it is, you discover a thin child sitting on 
the floor. Were it not for her long, fiery locks of hair, you 
would have easily passed by without seeing her. She sits isolated 
and almost perfectly still, small hands folded neatly in her lap, 
facing straight ahead. 
	As your eyes rise to examine her expressionless visage, you 
feel your mind jolt again, striving to attempt recognition. You 
feel other things as well, a myriad of emotions you cannot readily 
identify and explain. Affection? Relief? A part of you wants to 
run and bury yourself in her arms, clutch to her with all your 
strength and wait for her to make everything better. Although in 
your current state, that act would have been physically 
impossible, other stronger, deeper feelings are what keep you 
inert. Bitterness. Resentment. This woman has committed some form 
of crime against you, or at least, it is what you feel. Woman? 
Yes. Looking into her green eyes, you are certain the knowledge 
and depth present could not belong to such a young girl.  Yet her 
gaze is missing something, and you stand still, trying to decipher 
what is. A wry look of confidence? A mischievous gleam? You can't 
decide, but you are disturbed by the bleak hopelessness that has 
replaced it. Her expression is that of complete and utter defeat. 
It looks so terribly wrong on her, and you are forced to turn 
away, your initial hostility for the most part forgotten.
	The entrance to the shrine is just in front of you now. 
Taking a breath, you cover the last few steps, coming slowly to a 
halt before the three remaining people. There is the faint smell 
of incense in the air. The pressure turning your stomach sharpens, 
as you hear the quiet chanting. A sutra. If any doubt had 
remained, it is now eradicated as you recognize the soft-spoken 
words. You are in a funeral. Resisting a sudden urge to flee, you 
unglue your gaze from the scroll the priest is reading from and 
inspect him a bit more closely. The insistent sensation of d‚j… vu 
fills you once more, as you scan his gentle, gray mane and solemn, 
lowered face. Just as you begin to turn away, the old priest 
suddenly stops, and lifts his head. 
	Frozen in place, you stare intensely into those violet orbs, 
noticing the wisdom and knowledge within them. Can he see you? For 
a moment, certainty fills you. The old man not only sees you; he 
actually seems to be looking through your soul. You anxiously wait 
for an expression to break on his face. Surprise, recognition, 
anything at all. Aside from a faint look of pensiveness in his 
eyes, his countenance remains the same and after a few seconds, he 
resumes his gentle chanting. But he saw you! You're sure of it, 
and for a moment, there's nothing more you desire, than to scream 
this undeniable fact in his face. Taking a few deep breaths, you 
force yourself to calm down. You have the feeling that it won't be 
long now.
	It is then, that you notice the old man's pause did not go 
completely unnoticed. A slightly younger mustached man kneeled on 
the floor gives the priest a confused glance. He adjusts his 
glasses nervously, and begins to question the older man, when a 
muffled sob interrupts him. Sighing, he allows his query to drop 
and gently places a hand on a shaking shoulder. The shoulder 
belongs to a young man, also kneeled beside him. Your heart begins 
to race, as your eyes drink in the sight of him. The short, dark 
hair. The lean, slightly muscular frame. His head is buried in his 
arms, and his body shudders as he weeps bitterly against 
something. Someone.
	Your mind teeters on the border of realization, as you take a 
few steps towards him. Stopping a couple of feet from him, you 
continue to stare for a long moment, as if hypnotized. Your whole 
being tingles with diverse sensations, feelings you can't quite 
place. More than anything, you're filled with the need to console 
him, to vanquish his pain. Every tear he sheds sends a dull ache 
through your heart. You wonder why and how this man can have such 
a powerful effect on you, as you stand still, helpless. Again. The 
whole scene is utterly familiar, and you desperately attempt to 
remember where you saw this incident before. Wasn't he much 
younger? The setting was different. You're about delve deeper into 
your thoughts, when the young man slowly raises his head. 	
	You feel awareness crash down, the second you catch sight of 
his brown eyes. The warm, compassionate brown eyes that made you 
dream and long for another glance, another touch, another reason 
to hope. A torrent of memories and emotions rush through your 
mind, threatening to overwhelm your senses, as your lips form the 
word that described the single, greatest treasure you encountered 
in your life. The excitement of remembrance comes to an abrupt 
halt, when you notice the anguish on his face. The tears still 
flowing down his cheeks. The acute misery in his eyes. His gaze 
lowers, his hand raising slowly, and moving forward. Your eyes 
remain glued to his visage. A few fragmented recollections are 
beginning to surface in your mind. It's all becoming painfully 
clear. 
	A part of you urges your limbs to move, to flee the scene as 
fast as inhumanly possible. Instead, your force yourself to follow 
the path of his hand, as it caresses an ashen cheek. As it gently 
brushes aside a few loose strands of cyan hair. He leans a bit 
more, to peck at cold lips, his tears dropping onto closed 
eyelids. Eyelids that hide once vibrant, gold colored eyes. 
Numbly, you stare at the body's surroundings. The futon beneath 
it, the dark violet flowers on one side of the head, the tall 
bottle of sake on the other. It's a wake, not a funeral, as you 
had previously assumed. You stagger back, your head shaking 
wildly, but even as you vainly try to tear your eyes from your 
pale corpse, you know the unavoidable truth. You chose this path. 
You must now accept its consequence. All you can do now is 
remember, and as a single tear courses down your face, the events 
of the last two days begin to replay in your mind.



Coming someday in Part 2.. ^.^*:

The reasons for this decision.

Please, please, please send any comments, questions, and 
certainly, criticism (no death threats please) to: RyokoMR@aol.com

Thanks!
Magda Castillo
