A Moment to be Noticed

By Gregory E. Neric

***

Why the hell do I even bother?

Here I am, on my hands and knees scrubbing a disgusting floor for three 
hours, breathing in those noxious cleaning fumes and doing my best not to 
explode in a fit of sheer rage and right at this moment I have no clue in 
hell as to why I'm torturing myself.  

I've been on this planet for over a year now, each day going out of my way to 
try and please someone who doesn't seem to give a damn either way what I do, 
no matter how hard I try.    At first I thought it was out of love, that he 
and I were destined to be together.  I thought that this was all a test sent 
from on high to make sure my love was genuine.  Oh how I've suffered through 
these agonizing trials, each one worst than the last, and all in the hopes 
that my beloved will notice me, that he will see that I care about him and 
that he will appreciate me.

Start appreciating, damnit!

No!  That is not how I should be acting.  I should be thankful that I have 
been blessed to share my life with him, yet...  There are just so many 
obstacles between myself and my love.  One of them, the most noticeable and 
vile I might add, is most likely with him right now doing this and that and 
here I am scrubbing a stupid floor because I promised that I wouldn't get in 
any fights today and he's with that monster woman and I

AAARRRRUUUGGGGHHH!

Oh my.  If I'm not careful I'm going to break something.  Now, where did I 
throw that scrubbing brush.  Ahh... there it is...

Oh my dearest, why can't you ever once just see?  Why can't you ever see that 
behind all the fighting and ogling that I really do care about you?  Why 
can't you understand that underneath all the hype and elegance there's a 
sensitive young woman just waiting to be noticed by you. Oh my love, will you 
ever notice my work?  Are my loves labor's lost?  

Oh, the roller coaster of my life is just too much at times.  All the 
happiness, all the pain.  Oh, I just wish that there was no need for sadness 
and joy in life, then maybe I could get on with mine and forget about this 
silly dream of mine... 

No.  I didn't mean that.

I like my life.  I mean, it my not be the best existence for a princess, 
being here on some backwater planet, forced to live as a lily amidst thorns.  
Sometimes I curse the fact that life couldn't be easier for me, then again I 
wouldn't want it getting too easy, then I might just forget how special my 
life here is.

Every look, every glance, every smile that I receive from him gives me hope 
that he will eventually pick me, and that he will finally realize that the 
disgusting devil woman upstairs is nothing more than a diversion, a tool of 
evil wedged between us.  Oh my love, why can't you see past this test as 
easily as I can?  Why can't our lives be simple?  Why...?

Why can't this stain seem to come out?  Really, I must remember to have a 
talk with Sasami about being more careful with her hot cocoa.

Oh, it's no use.  In the end he won't notice what I've done here.  He'll just 
go about his day flirting with that monster woman, not caring that I spent 
all morning on my hands and knees scrubbing this ridiculous floor, submitting 
myself to this darkest hell called housework and all you can do is sit there 
and no doubt confess your love to that she-beast who has to have brain washed 
you because no one in their right mind would ever not notice that I don't 
love you when  I do I do you idiot WHY CAN'T YOU SEE THAT I...

"Aeka?"

I freeze.  He's right behind me, I can feel it.  He's standing in the 
doorway, wondering why I'm on one foot and strangling a scrub brush.  This 
will no doubt seal my fate.  Who would want some psycho princess that wants 
to murder cleaning supplies?  Okay, cool down.  Considering how our days go 
he might not even notice...

"Um, yes Lord Tenchi?"

He's got that scared look on his face again.  Oh drat!  He's probably 
wondering what I'm doing.

"What are you..."

Oh bother.  It was a nice try, Aeka.  Now to see if there's a branch on 
Funaho that's strong enough to hang myself from.  

Wait.  He's looking at the floor now... does he notice?  Will he?  Oh please, 
my lord.  Please notice what this innocent child has put herself through to 
get your attention.  Please!

"Aeka.  Did you scrub the floors?"

YES!  YES YES YES!  HE NOTICED!  Sore one for the house of Jurai!

"Why yes Tenchi.  They were looking so dirty, so I thought..."

He's smiling at me!  Oh, this is too much!  I'd better call on every reserve 
of royal training so I don't break my composure and start jumping up and 
down.  Wait, what's he..?  He's bowing?

"Thank you, oh beautiful princess of Jurai.  I really appreciate it.  These 
floors were getting really dirty, and for you to take Ryoko's job so 
selflessly, I..."

'Oh beautiful princess…?' Oh don't let your hopes get too high, Aeka.  He's 
just kidding around with you, but… God it's wonderful to hear those words 
coming from him and

Waitaminute.

"Excuse me Lord Tenchi, but what do you mean, 'take Ryoko's job?'"

"Well, it's her day to scrub the floors, not yours.  You had the laundry."

He's leaving now.  I didn't have to do this.  This was Ryoko's job today.  I 
just took double duty for that monster woman.  Oh look, here comes Ryoko with 
a cleaning pail.  

***

As Tenchi made his way back to the fields, he swore he could hear a scream, 
followed by a rather loud explosion.  Not even bothering to question it, he 
simply went about his daily chores.

***

Tenchi and Co. belong to AiC, TV Tokyo and Pioneer.

All C&C should go to Ronoken@aol.com


Reason for this?  Because I can. ^_^ 