Hiyo!  Now that chapter 1's done let's get right to chapter 2, in this
chapter, Kagato comes to take back Ryoko(like in the OAVs) when he makes a
startling discovery.  I'd better stop before I tell you the whole story.
All Tenchi Muyo characters belong to Pioneer but Rasiel belongs to me.  Now
that that's over with here's chapter 2 of A New Love.

A New Love
Chapter 2: The End of Kagato
by Viktor Lafaye
                                The Next Day in the Onsen

        Ryoko steps in to the warm waters of the onsen.  After about two
minuets
Aeka joins her, "Miss Ryoko?" said Aeka "Yes" "Just why were you so eager to
help Lord Rasiel last night" "Why?" asked an annoyed Ryoko "Usually you
start climbing all over Lord Tenchi every chance you get, no one was near
him at the time so you had a perfect chance but you didn't take it, why?"
"Maybe I didn't feel like it last night" "What do you mean you 'didn't feel
like it' you always feel like it" "Look princess, I don't know why I went to
help Rasiel instead I just did now stop badgering me!" with that she
teleported out of the onsen outside.  She lied, the truth was she wanted to
help Rasiel because she secretly had a crush on him(suprise!).  "Hello
Ryoko, it's nice to see you again" said a familiar voice behind her, she
turned around and was instantly blasted with electricity.  She screamed in
pain before sending a blast that exploded on the ground after being
deflected off the man's force field.  "You thought you could escape from me
but now your coming back" "Let go of me Kagato"  "Don't fight it Ryok-AAAA!"
Kagato is knocked into a boulder by an energy blast.  Ryoko looked up from
the ground to see Rasiel with his palm turned in Kagato's direction, "Hasn't
your mother ever told you that it's not polite to hurt a lady" said Rasiel
in a very annoyed voice, he looked at Ryoko and said "You all right?" Ryoko
smiled at him and got up.  "You!" yelled Kagato "That's right Kagato, this
is the last time you’ll ever hurt either of us again" Rasiel created his
beam sword and charged at Kagato, Kagato created his own and the battle
started.  Kagato fiercely swung his sword with Rasiel either blocking or
dodging with ease then landing on top of Kagato's sword as he thrusted
Rasiel sliced Kagato's sword arm in half.  Both jumped away from each other
to opposite sides of the lake.  "Your skills have improved Rasiel" said an
impressed Kagato "Too bad yours haven't" said a smug Rasiel, than an enraged
Kagato charged at Rasiel yelling a battle cry.  At this Rasiel grabbed both
of Kagato's wrists, put his feet on Kagato's chest, then doing a backflip
off of Kagato's chest he sent the slave driver to ground. While in the air
Rasiel hurled his beam sword into the grounded Kagato's neck killing the
evil bastard once and for all.

        Rasiel looked around at the damage and saw Ryoko laying on the
ground with
smoke coming from her limp body, “Oh no” said Rasiel as he teleported to her
to check if she was alive.  Once he knew she was alive he carefully picked
her up and teleported to the entrance of Washu’s lab, once there he banged
on the door and out came the red haired scientist.  She looked at the body
and immediately had her in intensive care.

        For two days Rasiel stayed by Ryoko’s side until the third night.
Ryoko
woke up on Washu’s lab table to see that Rasiel was asleep in a chair next
to the bed.  She quietly got up so as not to wake up Rasiel, after she was
safely out of the lab she saw that it was night so she went to make a
midnight snack.  Afterwards she heard stirring inside the lad.  As she
looked inside and saw that Rasiel was about to wake up, so she hurriedly
snuck back to the bed and pretended to be asleep.  When Rasiel woke up the
first thing he saw was Ryoko still asleep in bed.  “Ryoko, please don’t die
on me, this is the first time I’ve ever felt this way about someone and I’ll
never forgive myself if you don’t come out of this.” Rasiel said quietly “I
want so much to tell you that I love you but I can never find the words”
“You just did” Rasiel looked at the once sleeping Ryoko and saw that she was
fully awake.  “And I feel the same way towards you” Rasiel smiled and they
locked into a deep kiss.

Authors Notes: There’s number two,  hope you liked it.  Send all comments,
complaints, compliments, and suggestions to aaron_lapacz@hotmail.com