Hello again!  I hope you liked the Prologe because chapter 1's gonna be even
better. This fanfic takes place just before episodes 5 and 6(Kagato Attacks
and We Need Tenchi) but it’s changed a little.  Now for the junk you don't
want to hear but is necissary if I don't want to get sued.  The characters
of Tenchi Muyo belong to Pioneer, not me. This fics about Rasiel and how
Ryoko's life changes because of his arrival.  Now that that's over with, on
to the good stuff!

A New Love Chapter 1:Ryoko’s Crush
By Viktor Lafaye

        Rasiel opens his eyes and is suprised to see a red haired little
girl
staring at him.  "Um...hi" Rasiel says akwardly.  "Good, you're awake" says
Washu "Where am I?" "Your on the planet Earth" "How'd I get here?" "You
crashed" "Who are you?" "I'm Washu the greatest genius in the universe, but
you must call me 'Little Washu'" "Where's my ship?" "Look, I'd love to sit
here and play 20 Questions with you but I have a lot of busy work to do so
go in the house and ask everyone else" "Where's the house" asked Rasiel
looking around the lab but seeing only machines and varius other
what-cha-mu-call-its.  "Through that door over there" Washu points to the
interdimensional getway door.  "Thanks" says Rasiel.  He walks to the door
and opens it to find he's in a living room with 7 people gathered around it,
one was a boy about the age of 17, another is a purple haired woman with a
matching kimono, the third was a cayn haired woman sitting cross legged in
mid-air, the forth was a little girl with blue hair and large pink eyes, the
fifth was a blonde with a really good tan, the sixth was a middle aged man
with black hair who looked a lot like the boy, and the seventh was an old
man meditating in the middle of the floor.

        "Look he's okay" said the boy, everyone gathered around him as if
expecting
him to do a show for them.  "Hi, I'm Rasiel" said Rasiel again a little more
akwardly than he would've liked.  "Hi, I'm Tenchi Masaki" "I'm Aeka, First
Princess of the planet Juri" "I'm Ryoko, Tenchi's future wife" "NO YOU'RE
NOT YOU MONSTER WOMAN!!!" "LOOK WHO'S TALKING LITTLE PRINCESS!!" with that
they both started to battle.  "Hi, I'm Sasami, nice to meet you" " I'm
Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police" "The Galaxy Police!? How'd you find me?"
Rasiel said creating a beam sword.  "Wow, I thought only Ryoko could do
that" said a wowed Sasami "Huh? What?" "You created a light sword just like
Ryoko, how'd you do that?" "yes, I would also like to know how you were able
to create that weapon" said Washu coming out of her lab "I thought only
someone with gems could do that" You mean these?" Rasiel said holding out
his wrists to reveal two blue gems.  "Hmm, where'd you get those?" "I've had
them since I was born, why" “When I created Ryoko, I gave her gems just like
those but hers are red” said a very confused Washu “do you think I could do
a few experiments to investigate?” “You do, you die” said Rasiel holding
Washu in the air by her collar.  *BOOM!!* “What was that?” asked Rasiel
“That would be the end of the fight” said a very relived Tenchi.

                                *       *       *
                                          Outside

        “I won” said Ryoko and Aeka in unison both lying dazed on the
ground.
Everyone had now gathered outside to see who won but could see that both of
them lost, “Oh well, I guess we can go back inside now” said Washu “You
coming?” she asked Rasiel “No, I’m going to look for my cabbit” said Rasiel
starting to walk towards the lake “ I’ll meet you guys later” “wait a
sec,I’ll go with you” said Ryoko running to Rasiels side.  Everyone gave her
a confused look then started back to the house.

                                *       *       *
                                        At The Lake

        >So, you have the gems< said Ryoko telepathicly while swimming
through the
rubble >yeah< said Rasiel also looking through rubble >Where’d you get
them?< asked Ryoko >My creater< >who is?< >Kagato< >WHAT?< yelled Ryoko
stopping in her trackes >Did you just say you were created by Kagato?< >You
know him?< >He used me to steal for him< >Now how was Kagato able to create
you?< >He used to work with Washu before he captured her and stole you so he
obviously had the plans lying around somewhere< said Rasiel >Here it is<
Rasiel bent down and picked up a black egg then returned to the surface.
“But why’d he create you?” asked a confused Ryoko “Apparently just stealing
wasn’t enough for him” began Rasiel “He sent me to conquer planets so he
could build his own empire” “ There was one flaw though, I was more powerful
then him so he had to keep me in constant mind control because he knew that
if I ever broke free I would destroy him.” “So why aren’t you still under
his control?” asked Ryoko.  At this question Rasiel smirked a little “Even
though he had me under his control there were always short periods of time
when he held to loosen the grip just enough to keep me under control and let
himself rest a little.” “When he did this I would be able to train my mind
to use psychic abilites.” “It took over 1,000 years before I was able to
break his grip on me but I finally did, unfortunatly, I did it at a most
inopertion time” Rasiel stopped the story there to tease Ryoko a little.
“Keep going! Don’t leave me in the dark” said Ryoko “Well, I did it when he
had finished beating me after I failed a mission.  I just barly escaped with
my life.” “Wow” said Ryoko “Ryoko, please forgive me” said Rasiel. At this
Ryoko gave Rasiel a Bewildered look “Why?” she asked “I should have taken
you with me when I escaped, if I had known you were one of his slaves too I
would have taken you with me.” “It’s alright, you didn’t know” “NO, it’s not
alright I should have known, please forgive me” “alright I forgive you”
“thank you Ryoko” As the two started walking back to the house a yell
sounded through the air that would anyone run home.  It was Sasami Yelling
“DINNER’S READY!!”

Authors notes: well there’s chapter one, I hope you liked it because ther’s
plenty more were that came from.  Don’t forget to e-mail me  at
aaron_lapacz@hotmail.com with any comments, complaints, compliments or
suggestions.