Legal Proclaimer:  Standard legal stuff...tenchi muyo is owned by Pioneer 
and AIC entertainment, based on manga series by Hitoshi Okuda.  All 
trademarks and such are copyrighted and owned by who ever.  If there's more 
legal stuff I'll add them on later fan-fics.  Just to let you know I'm a 
dirt poor fan of the series and probably not worth the time to sue or press 
legal charges against.


	Two days have passed since the incident that stirred up trouble for the 
Masaki household.  Everyone tried their best to keep their spirits up.  
Awaitng any new developments on the Ryoko/Ayeka situation.  At first it was 
hard to believe that their beloved friend Ayeka might have been trully dead. 
  Later finding out she was some how alive and inside Ryoko, was a diferent 
matter.  The best that anyone could do was wait for the final results of the 
tests Washu was conducting on Ryoko.

	Tenchi was passing trough the kitchen when he noticed Sasami preparing an 
early lunch.  Poor Sasami he thought to himself.  For all the people, 
currents events to have a heavy toll on.  Sasami would be the one to feel 
most of it.  If Washu's test brought out the worst Sasami would be the one 
to lose a family member and a friend.

"How're you holding up?" asked Tenchi

"Oh... I didn't noticed you come, Tenchi"  Sasami said chopping away at some 
vegatables.

	She went back to chopping the vegatables and began to throw them into a 
pot.  The look on her face was distant.    Not a sign or hint of her normal 
cheerfull happy self.

"If you want to talk about it.  I'm more than willing to listen."

"That's okay... there isn't much to talk about."

"You sure?"

"Well...It's just that...  I really don't know what to do in a situation 
like this.  We've all come close to losing each other but some how managed 
to pull through.  But now the way things are happening right now I really 
don't know."

	Sasami started to sob and Tenchi held on to her,  knowing that she was 
holding up some stored grief and anger and just letting it out.

"When I used my powers to see if Ayeka was trully dead.  I sensed her soul 
but couldn't tell if she was alive or dead.  It felt as if she was stuck 
somewhere in between life and death."

"Don't worry Sasami, if anyone can figure out how to get Ayeka and Ryoko 
back to normal it would be Washu."  Tenchi said trying to calm Sasami.

"I hope so... I don't really blame Washu for this.  But it just feels that 
if something can't be done I feel as if I really did lose my sister."  said 
Sasami, then a smile appeared on her face. " You know Tenchi I just 
remembered something that Ayeka told me."

"Really what was it?"

"She told me once that she never really hated Ryoko.  She admired Ryoko for 
her free spirit and direct approach to life.  Ayeka even went on to say that 
she respected Ryoko like an older sister.  Then Ayeka told me that should 
anything happen to her I could always turn to Ryoko.  Why do you think she 
told me this?"

"I really don't know but maybe she didn't want you to misinterpret the 
fights that she got into with Ryoko as anything vindictive.  That you could 
always trust Ryoko as much as you would trust Ayeka."  said Tenchi.

"Yeah... maybe that's the reason why she told me this."

	Sasami still stood there holding on to Tenchi.  Thinking about the joys 
that she had with both Ayeka and Ryoko.  That some how or some way, some 
good will come from this frustrating situation.  A few hours passed and then 
the moment arrived.  Washu announced that her examinations were complete.  
Everyone gathered in the newly repaired living room and awaited the results.

"First let me be very blunt with the situation at hand.  Ayeka and Ryoko are 
merging."

	The room fell silent for a moment.  This was one piece of imformation that 
was not well recieved by everyone.  Of all possible outcomes this was the 
least expected.  Everyone assumed that maybe Ryoko was pregnant with Ayeka 
or something like close to it.  This piece of news meant that the 
possiblities of seeing Ayeka back were zero to none.

"So does this mean that there's no way we can get Ayeka back?" Kiyone asked.

"Yes and no, first let me explain the stituation at hand and then we can go 
from there." replied Washu

"Before all this happened I was working on an Universal Energy Convertor.  
Theoritically the machine would take two different forms of energy and merge 
them into a new form of energy. Now given from the data that I managed to 
salvage.  Just as I fired up the Convertor, it picked up two signals from 
two very large sources of Psychic energy..."

"So that's how Ayeka and Ryoko merged!!" interupted Mihoshi.

All of a sudden a giant Dodo bird fell on top of Mihoshi and knocked her 
silly.

"Please don't interupt me when I'm explaining something.  Anyways yes that's 
how Ayeka and Ryoko merged into one, but it gets a little complicated from 
here.  The psychic energy was too much for the convertor to handle and it 
exploded.  Thus not completing the merger."

"So what would this do for us?  Is there any chance of getting  Ayeka back?" 
asked Tenchi.

"Well I already made an attempt to see if I could undo the process but there 
seems to be a few complications.  First, they've both completely merged at a 
biological level. Their DNA has been merged completely together to a new DNA 
sequence.  To try and undo this is very complicated, one false move and I've 
reduced them down to nothing but puddles of slime.  Second, I need the same 
energy signals that attracted the convertor.  Which would be hard to 
duplicate right now.  Third,  the merger is going on as we speak.  Even 
though the convertor was destroyed both Ayeka and Ryoko are still being 
merged together.  So the conditions needed to undo this are constantly being 
changed."

"So how long before they both completely merge together?" asked Sasami

"Given the rate the merger is going at.   I would say we would have less 
than 24 hours before the effects become permanent."  replied Washu.

"So what happens when they completely merge?" Kiyoni asked

"As I said before the convertor original takes two different forms of energy 
and merges them into a single new form of energy.  So in theory, when the 
merge is complete we might end up with a whole new person."
Washu said grimmly

	Silence filled the room as everyone's fear  become reality.  That in less 
than a day they would lose both the Ayeka and Ryoko. Two people who they 
grew to know and love.