A new life after...
Prologue

by: Mercury Angel  at  mercury_angel_00@hotmail.com

Proclaimer:  Standard legal stuff...tenchi muyo is owned by Pioneer 
entertainment, based on manga series by Hitoshi Okuda.  All trademarks and 
such are copyrighted and owned by who ever.  If there's more I'll add some 
on later fan-fics.

Note:  This is so my very first fan-fic.  Comments are welcome..bad or good.

Well on with the show.


	It was a quiet day in the Masaki household.  Quiet as it could get knowing 
the occupants inside.  Yosho and Tenchi were outside somewhere meditating 
and practicing.  Sasami inside the house preparing dinner (with ryo-oki 
trying to grab a few quick bites now and then).  Washu tucked away in her 
lab in the basement working on 1,000 projects or  experiments ( 99% end up 
exploding or causing the usual chaos in the Masaki family life).  Kiyone and 
Mihoshi off buying groceries.  Everyone in the houshold seem to have 
something to do except for two people, Ayeka and Ryoko.  Both managed to 
finish their half of the household chores early and now had quite some time 
to burn.  Just sitting on the couch in the living room and flipping thru the 
TV.

"So do you have anything to do to pass the time, Ayeka?"  Ryoko asked.

"Nothing that would concern you."  Ayeka quipped.

	Then it happend the usual flash of spark and rage and it seemed that a 
battle of battles would soon happen.  But something happened instead of 
hurling a blast of energy at Ayeka.  Ryoko attempted to control her anger 
and try another tactic.

"You know I really hate when you act like some stuck up bitch!  Here I was 
trying to engage in some friendly conversation and bam!"  Said Ryoko.

	This surprised Ayeka, who by this time has summoned enough guardain logs to 
blast Ryoko into kingdom come twice over.  Quickly she re-evaluated her 
tactics and slowly started to calm down.

"Your right Ryoko, I shouldn't have replyed like that... it's just that I 
was pondering about a few things..."  Ayeka replyed.

	Both girls slowly started calm down and both sat back down on the couch.  A 
few minutes passed and once again a dull silence filled the room.

"Ryoko may I ask you a question?"  Ayeka said.

"Sure, what do you want to know?" replyed Ryoko

"What would you do if lord Tenchi choose someone else instead of you?"

	This question took Ryoko completely by surprise.  She didn't really plan 
for something like this normally Ryoko hoped that when everything was done 
and settled.  Tenchi would choose her to spend the rest of his life with.  
At best if this didn't work out she would probably return to her former life 
as a space pirate or a new one on earth.

"I really don't know... why do you know something that I don't?"

There was  a dead silence and finally Ayeka spoke.

"Well I accidently overheard Nobuyuki talking to Tenchi early this morning 
and... it seems that Tenchi has already... made a choice between us.."

"Well did you hear who he choose?!"  Ryoko asked

"No... I ran off as soon as I heard Tenchi mentioned this.." Ayeka said with 
a tone of sadness.

	Ayeka then broke down into tears and hugged Ryoko.  Ryoko held on to Ayeka 
and started to comfort her.  Both Ryoko and Ayeka both knew that this day 
would come.  Although both would glady be happy to spend their lives with 
Tenchi.  They also knew that upon the anouncement of who Tenchi decided upon 
would drasticlly change the Masaki household for better or... for worse.

"So what makes you think that you didn't choose you?   For all we know 
Tenchi could've choosen Kiyone or Mihoshi" Ryoko said trying to mask her 
fear.

"It's just a feeling a got as soon as I heard Tenchi mention it, I felt a 
sad feeling coming over me."  Ayeka replyed.

"Ayeka... I just want to let you know... I know this may sound hasty but.. 
no matter who he chooses... I consider you my best friend despite what we've 
been through.  You maybe right and he may have choosen someone else instead 
of you.  Maybe me or someone else, but no matter what happens lets not let 
this thing get the better of us.  Of all the fights and disagreements that 
we had.  we both can agree that we both love Tenchi with all our heart."

	Ayeka nodded in agreement.  Right now they didn't need to start jumping to 
silly conclusions and worry over things that may or may not happen.  Right 
now they needed to support each other and await the time when the arrival of 
Tenchi's decision.  Both felt a new feeling of respect and love for each 
other and that their friendship will endure what ever life decides to throw 
at it.

	All of a sudden a blast of energy came ripping thru the living room floor.  
There was a sudden boom and when everything settled there was a big hole in 
the floor, furniture destroyed and scatterd, and a smoldering wreck.  Ryoko 
managed to throw the flaming sofa off her back and quickly survyed the area. 
  Everyone else came rushing in as soon as they heard the loud boom.

"Damn... Washu you better have a good explanation for this!"  said Ryoko 
wiping the dust off her.

Then it her a feeling of fear and panic.

"Ayeka!!! Ayeka where are you!!! Can you hear me"  Ryoko yelled

Sasami was the first one in and saw the wreckage that was once a nicely 
furnished living room.

"Ryoko... What happened and where's Ayeka... Oh my god Ryoko what happend to 
you!?"  Sasami said in panic.

"One of Washu's experiments...hurry and help me find Ayeka."

	Soon everyone else came rushing in and noticed the destruction and began to 
help in clearing the wreckage.  After the  smoke cleared nothing could be 
found except for burn't pieces of wood.  Then everyone began to notice 
Ryoko.

"Ryoko... what happened to you?  Your hair and eyes..."  Sasami asked

"What are you talking about... help me find Ayeka!?" Ryoko said with 
annoyance

"It looks totally different."  said Mihoshi

	Picking up a piece of a shattered mirror Ryoko gazed into the image.  What 
she saw  was something  that almost looked like her except that the color of 
her cat-like eyes were now a ruby-red color and that her spiky hair instead 
of being a shade of cyan was now a dark hue of purple.

"Ayeka..." was the last Ryoko said before passing out.


To be continued....

	Well hope you enjoyed my first fan-fic.  There's more to come as soon as I 
have time to finish it or write it up.  Send any comments good or bad.