A New Friend???


      I don’t own any Tenchi character. They all belong to
someone else, I’m just borrowing them for this story. I do
though, own Maxim, he is of my own creation. 

   
    720 years ago.....
      An object is flying towards earth, it is a sleek, white pod
object. It has a mysterious cargo inside. It stalls a little
before starting the downward spiral towards Earth. It  crashlands
in a heavily forested, mountainous area in Japan. 


    725 years later....

  Tenchi Masaki is walking towards his friend Washuu’s lab. 

  Tenchi: I wonder what Washuu is doing.... (Goes inside)

    He sees Washuu staring at a map.

  Tenchi: What’s the matter Washuu? Why are you looking at that
map for?
Washuu: Oh! Hi Tenchi, I’ve picked up an old signal from inside
the forest surrounding    us.
  Tenchi: Do you know what it is? Nothing dangerous I hope. 
Washuu: Hardly, it’s just out there. Seems to be a very old
signal. At least 700 years old.
  Tenchi: (Insert drop) 700 years!!!! 
Washuu: Yep you’re right. So.... do you want to go investigate?
  Tenchi:  Well, okay. Are you sure about this Washuu? This could
be a bomb or something. 
Washuu: C’mon Tenchi, it’ll be exciting.

   They enter the forest... Washuu is using tracking equipment.

  Washuu: It’s over there.
    Tenchi: Let’s go see what it is.

    They find the pod object half-submerged in the ground.

  Washuu: Here it is!
    Tenchi: Well? What now?
  Washuu: Hold on....

     Washuu taps some buttons on her computer..

   
   Pod disappears.

   Tenchi: Where’d it go?
 Washuu: I just put it in my lab.
   Tenchi: That was very quick, at least I didn’t have to dig it
up.

  They arrive back at the Masaki Residence. Ryoko and Ayeka are
fighting (Yet again).

   Tenchi: WILL YOU TWO JUST STOP IT!!

    Ryoko and Ayeka freeze.... 

   Ryoko: Oh! Hi Tenchi, how’s it going today?
   Tenchi: We just found this wierd pod. Come see it, and try not
to fight.
   Ryoko: Okay. (Lying)
  
     Sasami enters the house...  Ryo-ohki follows.

   Sasami: What’s going on?
    Ayeka: Tenchi and Washuu found a strange object.
   

   Later on....

    Everyone is looking at the pod.

   Tenchi: So what is it Washuu?
 Washuu: This is an old Chryopod, used before I was imprisoned
and sent here 700 years ago.
   Ryoko: So let’s open it.
 Washuu: Hold on, these were used to hold food, supplies, and
inter-galactic criminals.
   Ayeka: So don’t touch anything Ryoko.
   Ryoko: What’s that supposed to mean?
   Ayeka: You’d push that button without any second thoughts.
 Washuu: I’m picking up life signs inside. Someone’s inside.
   Ryoko: Let’s see what’s in inside. (Pushes a button on the
pod)
   Ayeka: See what I was saying Ryoko? You never listen.

   Pod opens with a hiss, steam fills the room. 

  Tenchi: What’s inside?
Washuu: We’ll find out.
 
   Coughing is heard inside the pod...

      Voice: Shit! How long have I been in here? 
     Tenchi: Hello?
      Voice: Yes? What do you want?
     Tenchi: Are you alright?
      Voice: Of course I’m alright!!! 
     Tenchi: Umm... need help?
      Voice: No, I can get myself out.

    A man walks out.... he has greenish-blue hair, a grey goatee,
and is wearing battle armor. 

   Man: Hello, I’m Pat! Just plain old Pat! Just Pat... okay?
Tenchi: Okay. Hi Pat.
  “Pat”: How’s it going?
Ayeka: Pleased to meet you Pat. I’m princess Ayeka of Jurai.
  “Pat”: Jurai?
Ayeka: Yes... why? Are you from there?
  “Pat”: No, I just know an awful lot about stinkin’ Jurai.... I
mean heavenly Jurai.(Smiles)
Ayeka:(Inesrt drop)...... ??
Ryoko: So Pat... are you a criminal?
  “Pat”:(Insert two drops) Me? Aw no! I’m just a humble....
merchant yeah, I’m  a merchant. 
Sasami: Hi Pat. I’m Sasami, Ayeka’s sister.
  “Pat”: Please to meet you aquaintance.

  Kiyone and Mihoshi enter lab....

  Tenchi: Hey Kiyone, meet Pat. He was locked in this Chryopod
and we let him out.
  Ayeka: Kiyone and Mihoshi belong to Galaxy Police.
    “Pat”:(Insert three drops) Galaxy Police? 
 Kiyone: Wait, I think I’ve seen you before.
    “Pat”: Heh heh, what do you mean???
   
   Kiyone pulls out her ID, and scrolls through GP files....

     Kiyone: He is not Pat.
      Tenchi: What?
    
     Kiyone shows a picture of  “Pat”. It says WANTED above the
picture and the name reads: Maxim.

        “Pat”: So you found out that I was lying. What are you
going to do about it? Okay, My name is Maxim. What do you plan to
do with me?

   
    Kiyone: He is charged with accounts of: Murder in the 1st,
2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 9th degree, Homocide, premeditated
murder, voluntary manslaughter, involuntary manslaughter, wanted
mass destruction, concealed weapons, drug smuggling, unjust
lanuage, and worldwide manslaughter. He’s a Bounty Hunter,
Assassin, and Criminal.
We’s wanted by the Jurai Royal Family, Galaxy Police, and 50
other races. He’s also the best Bounty Hunter ever known. 
     Tenchi: Anything else?
    Maxim: I’ve also killed over 166890 people in my life time.
I’ve done search and retrieve, stakouts, snipering, drug
smuggling, and everything that the good book tells you not to.
    Kiyone: He’s also gone under the aliases of: Kaz, Ricki
Ticki, Mike Hawkins, and Pat.
    Maxim: I hate Jurais, Royal Families, and the like. But I do
like girls, beer, hunting and fishing.
    Kiyone: And I’m taking you in!(Pulls out gun)
    Maxim: That’s a joke right?? 
    Kiyone: Now come with me.
    Maxim: You think I’m scared?
    Kiyone: Now come along. Or I’ll have to shoot.
    Maxim: Go ahead, do it! Fire, open that up and have at it!!
Right in the chest.
    
   Kiyone fires....

    Maxim is still standing.

   Kiyone fires again.

     Bullet hits an energy shield around Maxim. 
  
   Tenchi: He’s.... He’s.... like..
   Ayeka: Ryoko!!
   Maxim: You’re playing with big game now. This game fights
back. So how do I say this in the right way?....Run.

    Everyone is gone in under 5 seconds.....

   Maxim: Wow!! They’re fast. Time to go have some fun.
   
     Everyone runs out towards the lake....

     Ryoko: Is he still behind us?
     Tenchi: Are you scared of him Ryoko?
     Ayeka: He has the same powers as you do.(Smirks)
     Ryoko: Are you crazy?? He’s Maxim! That greatest Bounty
Hunter ever... makes 
        other bounty hunters look like fools and beginners
compared to him. 
      
     Maxim appears...
  
     Maxim: Time to die.... so very sorry!
     Tenchi: Alright, I’m tired of playing chicken!

      Tenchi steps foward, weilding the Tenchi-ken.

      Maxim: You know you can’t win. I am superior in everything,
you’d be wiped off the face of the planet.... yet you have a
spirit that I haven’t ever seen. Besides, I wasn’t serious about
killing you guys.
      Ayeka: What?
      Maxim: I’ve had 725 years to reflect on my life, I want to
lead a straight life, redeem myself of all sins. Live an honest
life, well most of the time, maybe get a wife, see this whole
world. So what do you say?
      Tenchi: Well, it was nice to meet you Maxim, I wish you
luck and many good times on your long trip. Stop by any time.
      Maxim: Huh?
      Tenchi: You’re leaving right?
      Maxim: Leave? Heck no! I’m living here, with you guys.
      
      Ayeka faints....

      Maxim: You’ve shown such nice hospitality, and you seem
like a good bunch of people. So I’m staying till my dying days!
      Tenchi: Oh man! Another alien?? In my house?
      Maxim: So what’s for dinner? Steak I hope.
      

    
                                                              
THE END