A new life after...
Part 1

A regular fan-fic by: Mercury Angel  at  mercury_angel_00@hotmail.com

Legal Proclaimer:  Standard legal stuff...tenchi muyo is owned by Pioneer 
and AIC entertainment, based on manga series by Hitoshi Okuda.  All 
trademarks and such are copyrighted and owned by who ever.  If there's more 
legal stuff I'll add them on later fan-fics.  Just to let you know I'm a 
dirt poor fan of the series and probably not worth the time to sue or press 
legal charges against.



	It was a couple of hours and things started to settle down around the 
Masaki household.  After the explosion in the living room a search was 
conducted in Washu's basament lab.  She was found unconsious under a few 
piles of scrap machinery, but she was okay (it takes alot to harm the 
greatest brillant mind in the universe).  A few hours later Washu came out 
of her little nap and started to survey the situation at hand.

"So let me get this straight.  There was a blast of energy that ripped 
through the living room and the next thing that happened was all this."  
Washu said as she pointed to the hole in the living room floor and the 
smoldering chunks of furniture.

"Of course this happend!! Because of one your experiments the living room is 
a complete mess, My hair and eyes are a different color, and... and you 
killed Ayeka!!!"  shouted Ryoko.

"Please calm down Ryoko.  We really don't know if Ayeka is trully dead, for 
all we know she could have been blasted into a different dimension or 
something."  said Tenchi as he tried his best to  keep the situation from 
getting out of hand.

"Yeah and I'm the queen of Jurai!  Out of my way!!! I'm gonna send this mad 
scientist to hell before one of her insane experiments kills us all!!"  upon 
saying this Ryoko drew out her energy sword and prepared to strike.

	Quickly seeing that the situation was going to turn very deadly.  Tenchi 
drew his sword and leapt in between Ryoko and Washu.  It was a very tense 
showdown, for neither person wanted to hurt each other.  But if push came to 
shove Tenchi was ready to minimize the further break out of chaos and 
destruction.  There was a dead silence as both Tenchi and Ryoko stared at 
each other.  But Ryoko at this point didn't care who got in her way.  For 
she lost someone very close to her and the person responsible was going to 
pay in blood.

"Stop this nonsense now!"  yelled Washu  "Both of you put away your weapons 
and calm down."

	There was an uneasy stir in the air but Tenchi was the first to put his 
weapon away.  Then the rest of the group looked at Ryoko to see what she 
would do next.  Ryoko was very angry, at the point were she would go into a 
blind bloody rage.  She lost one of her best friends.  A person so close to 
her that Ryoko even considered Ayeka as her own sister.  Sure they fought 
and squabled over things, but it was over petty differences.  Nothing that 
was worth destroying or hating each other over.  Right now Ryoko stared at 
Washu and knew she had a clean shot at her.  Yosho and Tenchi were ready to 
act just in case.  Sure both of them were quick but not quick enough for a 
Ryoko pumped full of burning rage.  Slowly Ryoko stowed her energy sword 
away and just stared back.

"Damn you Washu...  I hate you for the rest of my life!  From this point on 
you're no longer my mother..! From here on you are my enemy and as soon as 
you leave the safety of this domain I will kill you."  upon saying this 
Ryoko fell on the floor and broke into tears.

"Poor Ryoko, you always did over react to every situation."  Washu said 
calmly.

	Ryoko couldn't believe what she was hearing.  Here she was angry and 
grieving over the lost of one of her close friends and her own mother was 
acting as if nothing serious had happened.  The cause of her grief was right 
there and Washu didn't even utter an apology for what happend.

"Tenchi is right you know, Ayeka is not dead, and I can prove it."  said 
Washu as she stepped closer to her child.  "Sasami, if you please, can you 
search the room with your powers and tell us what you sense."

	Sasami still didn't come to full terms with what has happening, but if 
there ever is a chance that her sister was still alive she was willing to do 
anything.  Using the powers bestowed upon her by Tsunami. Sasami searched 
the living room for any signs that might tell if Ayeka was still alive.

"I feel something... it's familiar... it's... it's Ayeka!!  Washu's right 
Ryoko, Akeya is alive!  I Can feel her soul but I can't tell where she is 
exactly...it's being blocked out"  Sasami said with great joy.

	Everyone in the room jumped with great joy.  It's as if a great grief has 
been lifted off of everyone's shoulders.  Their friend was still alive and 
their was a chance of getting her back.

"Wait a minute!!" shouted Ryoko "If Ayeka is alive, Washu, then where is 
she?  We all searched the place and we couldn't find her body."

"Ryoko, my dear daughter, you of all people here should have figured what 
happened."  Washu said in one of her all knowing tones "I'm sure everyone 
else here managed to figure out what happened to our dear Ayeka."

"Actually Ms.  Washu I don't know what happened to Ayeka"  said Mihoshi

"...but I'm sure you're going to tell us anyways." interupted Kiyone.

"Always leave it to the most brillant scientific mind in the universe to 
spoil everything for you."  Washu said in a sarcastic tone.

"Ryoko, my sweet child" Washu said in her most calm voice. " Ayeka is inside 
of you."

	Upon hearing this everyone in the room went into shock and passed out on to 
the floor, except for Washu.


To be continued...