Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own.  This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-Oki 
continuity.  
  
"A Nightly Encounter " 
(_) = thoughts 
"_"= Speaking out loud 
("_") = Telepathic speech  
  
**Note: This chapter will be revised!!  
   
  
Chapter #3: Union of Love 
Next - telling the family their secret and the wedding of two old souls 
with a new one on the way. Hope this will make  
those that have e-mailed me about this story happy, because it will not 
go past chapter #3!  
   
  
It was late afternoon when the newly engaged couple made their way down 
the shrine steps. Each was in their true  
form as they descended. When they got to the end of the steps both 
turned to look at one another, then both kissed, in a  
loving bonding type of a kiss. They then disguised themselves again and 
made their way to the house as dinner was  
being set. Only Ryoko knew of what had happened. Washu telepathically 
told her and asked her to keep quiet. Sensing  
the joy in her mother's heart, Ryoko complied. 
When all had gathered for the evening meal, everyone was slightly 
surprised when Washu and Katsuhito sat together at  
the end of the dining room table. Then as the meal progressed and 
conversations lingered on normal topics discussed,  
both Washu and Katsuhito called for everyone's attention. 
"We have an announcement for you all," came the now quivering voice of 
Washu.  
As all eyes were upon them both changed to their true forms. Many gasps 
and other sounds of surprise were heard. Not  
just at Washu's endowed state but at the youthful Priest now in front 
of them. 
Ayeka was the first to speak. "What is this? Yousho, you're still ..... 
young? How? And Miss Washu what happened?"  
said a now flustered and upset Princess. 
"I have been like this for 2 months, I have been seeing Yousho for the 
last 4." said Washu. 
"But, why? What I mean is ,... well (rubbing the back of his head) 
Congratulations Grandpa, Washu!" said an excited  
Tenchi. 
"Mom, I'm happy for you!" Ryoko said as she then went over and hugged 
Washu. "I'm going to have a hard time  
calling you Dad, so let's keep it as Yousho, if you're keeping this 
instead of that old man disguise." 
"I am now keeping this as it is me." (He turned to Ayeka) "I am sorry 
sister for hiding myself as I did but I thought I  
would never have to show my true self again. That is until Washu came 
into our lives." He held her hands throughout  
this time. 
Tenchi had also done something unheard of, putting an arm around Ayeka 
to comfort the now upset Princess. Also, he  
offered his free hand to Ryoko who he knew might become jealous of his 
comforting her rival. 
As all sat still stunned at the news , Mihoshi asked, "Oh, Miss Washu 
did you eat too much?" A loud grown echoed  
through the house. 
"No you ninny, I'm pregnant!" yelled an exasperated Washu. 
"Oh, well that would explain your tummy, now wouldn't it." said a 
slowly understanding Mihoshi. 
"Oh Dad, I am happy for you." (Shaking his hand) "I know Achika would 
have wanted you to have someone in you  
life ," said a now crying Nobuyuki. 
"Thank you son." was all he could say, teary eyed, remembering his 
daughter and his past wife. 
"Well, when's the wedding ?" asked a curious Tenchi. 
"I invited a friend from Kyoto to officiate and it will be this 
Saturday, up at the shrine." said Yousho. 
"And before you ask in 7 months I'll be a mommy again!" Washu announced 
looking at Mihoshi most of all. 
"Oh my, we better get ready and start planning now." said an excited 
Sasami as all now focused on the wedding.  
As the conversation went on inside the engaged couple were outside, 
admiring the view. 
Washu was happy but worried. "You are worried I will not live long 
enough to take proper care of the baby aren't you  
my love?" asked Yousho. 
"How can you know that? We aren't bonded yet so you can't read my 
mind." asked a nervous Washu. 
"I'm sure you'll think of something, (He smirked) at least to live 
enough for my child's wedding." 
"Well you know, I, Washu the Greatest Genius in the Universe, will 
think of a way to keep you with me forever!" 
"I thought you would say that." He then laughed with her cackling a 
moment later. 
After a few moments the laughter subsided, Washu took Yousho's face in 
her hands and looked at him intently.  
"Promise me, you'll never leave me. Promise me!" 
Yousho responded in kind wrapping Washu in his strong arms and said, 
"I promise to be there for as long as you shall have me and for as many 
babies as you want to have." 
"Yyyyaaahhhooooooo!" was Washu's answer, followed by a very passionate 
kiss with the man she loved!!  
   
  
The End, Short and Sweet! (FIN)  
   
   
   
  
