Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own.  
  
"A Nightly Encounter "  
   
  
Chapter #1: Greetings at Dusk 
 A Shinto priest made his way up a long row of stone steps flowing 
dinner at his son's house.  
At the top of the stairs lay a small Shinto shrine.  
As the priest made his way to a small rectangular building beside the 
shrine,  
the wind blew cherry blossoms throughout the area. The scent reminding 
him of a certain memory and a certain person now in his life, as he 
made his way towards his office.  
A little while later he made his way to his sleeping quarters. As he 
sat down on his bed,  a black  portal opened and a diminutive figure 
stepped out and sat down opposite the priest. The portal then closed 
and the two stared at each other.  
They then got up took each other's hand and went to the small kitchen, 
started to set up a tea service and calmly served each other some 
honey-sweetened tea.  
They looked at each other and without a thought the priest changed 
appearance  
from a older gray haired man of around 60 to a young and vibrant 
looking man in his late 20's.  She also changed her appearance, from a 
12 year old to a woman in her early 20's.  
they then began to speak; 
Washu: Well Yousho, how was you day, dear? 
Yousho: It was mostly uneventful, unless you count the fight between 
the girls over my grandson during our training session. 
Washu: So, What did you do about them? 
Yousho: I made them both go to the shrine, had them sweep and clean the 
shrine area. 
Washu: Isn't that Tenchi's chores you made them do? 
Yousho: Yes, but since they interrupted our practice, I thought it 
would be appropriate for them to do his chores since it was their fight 
over him that started it. 
Washu: My daughter and your sister seem to not understand that what 
they do doesn't win them points with Tenchi? 
Yousho: Their just young, they will learn as they mature! 
Washu: Now wait a minute, their both are over 700 years old, they are 
not young in age! 
Yousho: But, they are young in maturity.  I hope we can guide them to 
making the right decisions for themselves. 
Washu: (She let out a sigh) I don't think Ryoko will listen to me much. 
Not since that night in the lab. 
Yousho: You just need to work out a way to talk to her, she does really 
care for you you know, but you both need to work out your own problems 
first. You need to treat her more as a person, not as an object. 
Washu: (Feeling hurt) Well, coming from a runaway First Prince of 
Jurai, who disguises himself and directs his own sister's affections 
towards his own grandson, I don't think you can say much to me about my 
problems. (With an angry look) 
Yousho: (Nodding and smiling back with understanding) I never said we 
were perfect, (reaching and holding her hand softly, calming her down) 
just that we see others faults better than our own. (he slowly leans 
forward and gently kisses her cheek. She slowly smiles and hugs him.) 
Washu: Well, I can see that is true. (after a pause) Lets get some 
sleep, OK? 
Yousho: It is getting late!( they clear the tea set, and slowly walk to 
the next room, change clothes,  they lay down together on one futon and 
cover themselves up as she lays her head on his chest.) 
Washu: Well, Yousho when do you think we should tell them about us? 
Yousho: I'd say after Tenchi has made his choice. We don't want him to 
be distracted any more than he already is! 
Washu: You know for a youngster of 10,000 years, you are extremely 
wise! 
Yousho: Well, coming from the Greatest Scientist in the Universe (Both 
smile with amusement), I'll accept that with honor! 
Washu: Well, you'll accept this, or I'll turn you into a frog, got it!  
(She rose from his chest and gave him a passionate kiss) 
Yousho: Well, we might not be getting as much sleep as we thought! (As 
they both embraced, giggling and laughing quietly).  
  
Well I hope you like this short fic. It has nothing to do with any of 
my other fics. I just had the idea That throughout all the Tenchi 
series, the ones who talked to each other the most about the family 
were Washu & Yousho. So, Why not have a short fic to perk the interest 
of those who might come up with a good story with them as the main 
characters. So, who out there can do it? Hope someone does! 
P.S.- There is a second Chapter coming soon, and I will change the 
format for easier reading! 
