A penny for a princess (Part III)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for 
important.right in the pail!


	Morning came on a distant planet, far off from planet Jurai.  For one of 
its inhabitants, mornings were never welcomed, only shut out by dense blinders, 
which were programmed to open around afternoon.  In one of the rooms of this 
home in particular, one of its inhabitants was slightly stirring in bed, still 
refusing to accept morning in as a guest.  "Go away, you're still too early, 
dammit!" Darul whispered to himself as he turned over again and knocked a bottle 
of liquor out of his bed.  (Oh crap, that's right, I gotta go to work) Slowly, 
but surely, Darul managed to crawl himself out of bed.  Walking to the door he 
stopped as his hand began to turn the knob of the door.  He suddenly realized 
that he was barely dressed and his client was outside, not a good way to get a 
referral.  Darul threw on a robe that was least likely to 
get up and run off on its own.  He made his way to the kitchen only to find Aeka 
already up and sipping some tea.  (Well, I guess she managed to find my secret 
stash of imported Bevidian tea, that was expensive, maybe I should add that to 
the bill) "Good morning Princess, I hope your sleep was well" He spoke while 
letting off a yawn.  

	Aeka looked slightly disgusted over the sight of her would be bodyguard.  
(He managed to sleep the entire morning away and I had to get some tea myself, 
humph.  Perhaps this should be docked from his pay)  "Yes, good morning to you 
Darul" She spoke in her usual air of indifference to him.  As Darul staggered 
over to the counter, he began to prepare himself something to help with his 
hangover "I see you managed to get some tea for yourself, I hope its to your 
liking" He tried to smile at her but the room was still moving a bit too much 
for him.  "It will suffice for now" Aeka spoke from the rim of her cup.  (My 
goodness, this tea is excellent, I simply must find out what kind it is) She 
tried to glance over Darul to see the box label from which she had found the 
tea.  "If you want to know, its Bevidian tea, and it's very difficult to come 
by, specially round these parts <yawn>" 

	Aeka felt a bit embarrassed that he could guess her thoughts so clearly.  
"What is that you're making?" Darul looked over his shoulder and for a moment 
thought he saw four Aeka's sitting at the table.  (Ack, too many of them, not 
enough money for this gig, oh wait, I'm still spinning, phew) "Oh this, this 
will help with the buzz I still got, want some?" He gave her a mischievous smile 
as he showed her a glass full of unmentionable things; Aeka thought she saw 
something move in the glass.  A bead of sweat ran across the back of her head 
"Uh, no thank you really" He smiled "As you wish, well bottoms up then" He 
swallowed the entire contents while holding his breath.  After he was finished, 
he threw his glass into the sink and walked off to the living room.  Darul began 
to watch some programs on his holo-screen in hopes of catching any news 
regarding the events that went down the other day.  No programs so much as 
mentioned any assassination attempt on Aeka, only that there were some slight 
scuffles on Jurai that were 
dealt with quickly.  (They're keeping this one quiet, good move.  Maybe this 
might get Sevyn to turn up, sooner the better) After a few minutes of watching 
and finding out nothing new, he turned off the holo-screen and headed back to 
his room.  

	"Um, excuse me Darul, where are you going?" Aeka spoke as she began to get 
up from her chair.  "Back to bed, not much for me to do in the meantime, sides, 
my heads still spinning" He was still staggering back to his room when Aeka got 
up.  "Now just a minute, you're supposed to be watching over me, what kind of a 
protector are you, what if something happens to me, what, what, what if." He 
turned to face her as he stood in front of his room, door wide opened.  "Easy 
your worship, no one followed us here, no one knows you're here, and no one can 
get in here, and if they did, don't sweat it, I sleep light so it shouldn't be 
too dangerous for you" Darul smiled, held a hand over his forehead and fell into 
his room.  He door closed behind him and Aeka heard him crawl back into bed.       

	"I simply don't believe this, how could Bendin hire such a sorry excuse 
of, oh what's the use" Aeka let out a sigh and placed her glass in the sink.  
She walked over to the living room and sat down in front of the holo-screen 
hoping to help pass the time by.  She sat back as the holo-screen gave her image 
after image of soap operas that didn't seem to interest her.  Aeka looked down 
on the pendant that she was wearing, the one that Tenchi had given her, the one 
that unbeknownst to her had saved her life.  (I wonder how Tenchi is doing now; 
that sneaky Ryoko is probably trying to seduce him right now, oh!) She began to 
get a bit angry but took a deep breath and realized that eventually Tenchi would 
chose, and that she could not spend the rest of her life chasing after him if he 
was not to accept her in his life.  She hoped that he would chose her, more than 
anything else she hoped for that, but she was a princess, not a silly little 
school girl with a crush.  She had responsibilities, and they came before her 
feelings.  Aeka let out a sigh, and couldn't help but think about Tenchi, she 
truly cared about him, but did he feel the same for her she wondered.

	Back on Earth, Tenchi was having his share of thoughts about Aeka.  It had 
been over two weeks now and still no word from her.  At first, he feared the 
worst, that he would never see her again, but Sasami assured him that she was 
still alive, that she would know if anything had happened to her.  He felt a 
little better knowing that, but still, it just wasn't the same without her 
there.  At every meal, there would be an empty seat where she would sit.  
Sometimes though, either Washu or his Grandfather would take it, but still, it 
just wasn't the same without her there.  He realized that he truly cared about 
her and wondered if she felt the same about him.  

	"Hey Tenchi, what are you thinking about?" Ryoko asked over dinner, she 
noticed he hadn't had too much of an appetite since Aeka had left.  "Uh nothing 
Ryoko really" Tenchi tried his best, but he knew he couldn't fool her for long.  
He just wasn't sure what to do, he knew they all really cared about him, but 
this time, things were different.  He was finally beginning to see what it would 
be like without one of the girls around, and realized that this would be the 
case of all of them soon if he didn't make a choice soon.  Tenchi stood up from 
the table and decided to make an announcement.  "I think we should go and visit 
Aeka, isn't anyone else worried about her other than myself?" He looked around 
the table and saw most of them looking at him still chewing their food.  

	Washu was the first to speak "Of course we do Tenchi, but she needs some 
time to take care of things back home, really just give her some time, besides, 
now that she's gone, its gotten quiet around here.  Without her to fight with 
Ryoko, I can actually get my experiments done around here" Tenchi sighed and 
turned to Sasami "Well of course I miss her, but Washu is right, she'll let us 
know when things are back to normal" Again Tenchi sighed, and he turned to Ryoko 
"What, look that prissy little brat isn't around now, this is the most peace 
we've had, why ruin it?" Tenchi sat back down, feeling defeated, he tried his 
best to get back to his dinner, but he just couldn't, not with Aeka out there.

	        A few hours had passed, and Darul had managed to pull himself out 
of bed.  For a while he sat there cleaning out his guns, thinking about Sevyn, 
he was a good partner, but he got too greedy and too reckless, it was the right 
choice to walk away from him.  He flashed back to the last time they saw each 
other, and Sevyn had promised him that eventually, it would come down to either 
him or Darul, that there wasn't enough room for the two of them, and then he 
shot him.  As Darul lay there in his own blood, though not mortally wounded, he 
saw Sevyn walk off humming a tune he did not recall.  He came to in a cold 
sweat, and put down his guns, they weren't the only things that need cleaning, 
so did his soul.  

	Aeka was sitting quietly reading a book she had found in Daruls' library, 
and for a moment she felt a bit of respect for him.  (To think that he actually 
reads, and some rather good taste if I do say so myself) Darul walked into the 
living room "I got an idea, chances are we both got cabin fever by now, least I 
know I do, why don't we step out for a while, I know this nice little 
restaurant, serves some good food" He leaned against the wall casually with a 
jacket in hand waiting for her response.  "Well, I do suppose it would be a good 
idea to get out for a little while" "Good, here, put these on" He passed her a 
sweater and a pair of loose fitting jeans, a cap and some flat walking shoes.  
"Do you honestly expect me to wear these? 
And furthermore, where did you get these from?" Darul thought for a moment 
(Damn, it always has to be an issue with her) 

	"Firstly, I don't want you to draw any attention to yourself, you walk 
around in your royal attire and we're bound to attract trouble.  Secondly, if 
you must know, those clothes were supposed to be a gift to a, well a friend" 
Aeka got up and walked over to the bedroom and closed the door behind her.  A 
few minutes later, she came out and looked rather uncomfortable with her 
disguise.  She had put the cap on just enough to cover a good portion of her 
hair and stood in front of Darul rather sarcastically waiting for his approval.  
"Good, let's go" He tried his best not to over complement her (Whoa, now that is 
more to my liking, she looks much better this way, too bad that, wait, mind on 
business guy!)

	They shortly arrived at a nearby restaurant that was a personal favorite 
of Darul.  As he looked over the menu to see what would get his interest, he 
noticed that Aeka was looking rather uncomfortable.  "Something the matter 
Aeka?" She looked around the restaurant and then looked at him "I'll say, this 
place is disgusting, and the characters here certainly don't look like they have 
much in the form of manners" He shook his head and leaned a little closer to her 
so no one would hear what he would next say.  "Let me tell you something 
princess, these people here, they're hard working people, and yes they may not 
appear to be the cleanest or most mannered, but they're good people.  Seriously, 
you've been living in an ivory tower for so long, its no wonder someone put a 
hit on you, for the right price I might even consider taking the job" "You're 
not serious are you?" 

	He smiled "Oh I most certainly am, you see, any life can be bought and 
sold, if the price is right, that's my take on things" He leaned back just in 
time as the waitress came to take their orders.  Aeka was in such shock from 
what she had just heard, so much in fact that Darul went ahead and ordered for 
her.  (Can he be right, has my attitude brought this on me, oh what would he 
know, but then again, Tenchi had at times told me that I shouldn't be so 
arrogant, perhaps, perhaps I should chose more carefully how I behave towards 
others) 

	Their dinners arrived and Darul immediately dug in after ordering a few 
drinks.  Aeka eyed the plate; it was noodles and what appeared to be some form 
of vegetables.  At first she almost passed, but then remembered what she had 
just thought about.  She tried some and before long she was helping herself to 
the rest.  Darul smiled (Well, at least she's beginning to lighten up a bit, 
maybe this wasn't such a bad gig after all) "This is delicious, thank you Darul, 
perhaps I have been a bit, well" Darul quickly chimed in "Snooty, arrogant, 
ungrateful, oh well, no ones perfect" Aeka stopped eating for a moment and shot 
a bit of a look at Darul, but realized that he was right.  "Yes, I suppose 
you're right, but being a princess does require you to have a certain air about 
yourself, sometimes, I guess we just don't know when to draw the line" Darul sat 
back and smiled a bit "Well, I'm glad that you understand now, shall we head 
back?" Aeka nodded and he paid the bill giving the waitress the usual tip.  

	As soon as they arrived back at his place, he noticed a flashing light 
coming from his message board.  He activated it and was given the message.  It 
was from Bendin, as he took off his jacket and Aeka took a seat in the living 
room, he listened as Bendin announced that the individual responsible for the 
assassination attempt had been apprehended.  He also announced that there would 
be a ship arriving in the morning to pick up Aeka and to pay him the remaining 
amount of his fees.  The message ended and Aeka was visibly happy, she would 
soon be home with family and friends.  She would also be able to contact Tenchi 
and invite him, as well as the others, to Jurai; she wanted to speak with 
Tenchi.  Darul went to the kitchen to fix himself a drink "So, you're going home 
soon, bet you're happy to finally be out of here eh?" 

	"Of course, I have missed my home, why I'm so excited, I may not be able 
to get to sleep" He laughed to himself as he downed a drink and began to head 
for his room.  "Try not to stay up too late now, well good nite, princess" He 
closed the door behind him, and the light soon went out.  Aeka soon decided to 
get to bed, tomorrow was going to be a great day, and Darul had done a decent 
job after all.

	That morning, Darul was up unusually early; he wanted to see his client 
off, but also to get paid.  A Jurian Imperial cruiser remained hovering above 
his home, the ship was too big for any of the docks to park in.  Inside, two 
officials, along with Bendin, were thanking Darul for protecting Aeka all this 
time.  They disclosed to him all the information about the suspect they had 
caught, but he didn't seem very interested though.  Deep down he was going to 
miss Aeka, yes she was prissy and arrogant, but he knew that she had a good 
heart, just didn't show it enough though.    

	Bendin escorted Aeka back to the ship to be beamed up.  Before leaving 
though, Aeka walked over to Darul "I want to thank you on behalf of the people 
of Jurai for all that you have done" Darul shrugged "Don't mention it, that's 
what I get paid for, that's what I do" Aeka stood there for a moment, and then 
extended her hand to shake his, he didn't refuse.  "Good day to you, Princess, 
take care of yourself" "And you as well, Darul" At that, she and Bendin left his 
home and outside were beamed aboard their cruiser.  

	The two officials left behind discussed the transaction for his payment 
and after all the paperwork was taken care of, they took their leave. "Oh, by 
the way" one of the officials spoke and handed Darul a scroll "You are invited 
to attend a royal festival in light of the peace that has returned to Jurai, 
please honor us with your presence won't you?" Darul accepted the scroll "I'll 
think about, stuffy royal banquets aren't my specialty" The door closed behind 
as the officials left his home and were too beamed aboard the cruiser.  He 
watched as the ship left the atmosphere "Phew, well now that that is finally 
over with" He walked over to his small computer terminal and checked his expense 
account, the money had been deposited and his account was looking quite healthy 
now.  
	
	About an hour later, Darul emerged from his home with several bags in 
hand.  After activating all his security systems, he walked down to the dock 
where his ship was parked.  On board, he activated the main computer "Ah, good 
to see you sir" Darul often disliked how cheerful it sounded to him, but that 
was artificial intelligence for you.  "Yeah, just great, look get this tinker 
going, I need a vacation" "Where to sir?" "Set a heading for the planet Hueshin 
in the Cthera System, they got a great little beach I've been meaning to get to, 
might be some hot chicks there too" He smiled as he sat back and left the rest 
to his computer, he sipped a bit of Tikki brew he had stashed away and took a 
nap afterward.  His ship tore across space heading for its destination.  (Take 
care Princess, remember what I told you)


Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: 
despairisu@aol.com.
