A penny for a princess (Part II)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for 
important.right in the pail!


	As morning arrived over the planet Jurai, many of its inhabitants went 
about their daily affairs.  To someone new to this planet, they would be in awe 
over the stunning display of beauty as the sun rose over the land and showed it 
in all its glory.  Truly, Jurai was a planet to been envied for its beauty and 
splendor, but today, things were not peaceful as always.  Princess Aeka awoke to 
the sun letting its light into her room and kindly waking her from her sleep.  
She could never forget how beautiful mornings were here, and for a moment she 
forgot the reason she was here, forgot the chaos and panic that was building, 
and chose to take this moment of peace and hold onto it for a little while.  She 
wondered how could anyone have a reason to be angry or full of hate on a world 
as lovely as this.  

	Shortly after, Aeka had finished showering and had changed into her royal 
clothing.  There was a knock at the door and she admitted Bendin as well as some 
other members of Jurian Royal Court.  "Lady Aeka, we have much to discuss, 
please come with us to the Board of Meeting, the others are awaiting to brief 
you on what has been transpiring on planet Jurai" Aeka nodded and followed them 
to the Board of Meeting, all the while trying not to be too distracted with 
thoughts of Tenchi, she was already beginning to miss him.  At the Board of 
Meeting, Aeka was brought up to date on what had been going on in the time of 
her absence.  As Bendin had already informed her, during her absence, the 
Council had done its best to see to the peace and prosperity of Jurai, and had 
done an excellent job in doing so.  But, recently, many of the 
common people had begun to question the strength of the Council in the absence 
of any royal presence on the throne.  

	During this time, many factions and quarrellings had erupted in the market 
places and abroad.  There were also talks of the Jurian empire itself falling or 
becoming a target to possible attacks.  The head of the Council spoke  "So, as 
you can see Princess Aeka, much has happened since your absence, the people are 
in desperate need of reassurance of Jurai and its power.  We have arranged for 
you to address the people later today, this address will be broadcast across the 
entire planet, and we have prepared a speech for you as well" He went to present 
her with a computerized script for her to rehearse in the meantime, but she 
waved it away.

	"I thank you for your effort in this speech, but this is something I must 
do, and this speech must be different from the others.  So much more is at stake 
here, and I must speak to the people, from the heart and let them know that we 
will do all we can to help bring peace back to the land" With a bow, the members 
respected her decision and left the room, leaving only Bendin behind.  "My lady, 
are you sure it is wise, at a time like this, I respect your decision you 
understand, but still" Aeka simply stared out the window and took in the beauty 
of the landscape before her "Bendin, this world, this land, they mean so much to 
me, and I have been so irresponsible.  I chose to ignore my duties and think 
only of myself, now, I must undo what 
damage I may have caused, now if you will excuse me, I must think on what I will 
say later when I address the people of Jurai" Bendin bowed "As you wish my lady, 
may the goddess watch over you and give you the wisdom to help us all" He closed 
the door behind him and Aeka was left to dwell over what to say.


	After an hour had passed, Aeka was confident with what she was to say when 
she would address the public shortly.  A knock at her door brought her back from 
her deep thought.  "My lady, please forgive my intrusion" Bendin entered and 
bowed, but did not close the door behind him.  Aeka nodded and looked behind him 
to see who was behind him.  Sensing her curiosity, Bendin got to the point 
"Princess Aeka, in lieu of the recent protests and violent demonstrations, we 
have purchased the services of some outside protection to ensure your safety for 
the duration of your visit" Aeka looked slightly annoyed "Why was I not informed 
of such a decision?" "My lady, forgive me, but this was, well a rather hasty 
decision on our part" He motioned to the individual who was waiting outside the 
room to enter.  "Princess Aeka, allow me to introduce you to Darul D'amond, he 
will be overseeing your safety and all other related areas" Aeka watched as a 
rather tall man walked into the room.  

	From her discernment, he was rather young, a bit scruffy looking, rather 
unkempt, and had a look in his eye that she really didn't trust that much.  
(Hmmm, well he certainly doesn't meet any of my expectations, no wonder Bendin 
did not ask my permission first, well, I will discuss this with him later)  
Darul stepped forward and offered a hand to greet Aeka with "Good day to you, 
Princess Aeka" He tried his best to be as respectful as possible.  "Yes, well 
very good then, Mister Darul, I will expect your complete and undivided services 
during your stay here" Aeka spoke with a bit of cold dignity as she walked past 
Darul who was still waiting for a shake of some kind.  (Yup, just what I 
expected, a royal brat, thinks she's too good for a handshake, well, they're not 
paying me to be her friend, they couldn't even begin to pay my price for that)  
"Yes Princess, I will do my utmost to maintain your security" "See that you do, 
now, if you will follow me, I shall be addressing my people shortly" Bendin had 
already briefed Darul on the layout of the area she would be speaking from.     

	At the podium from where Aeka's address would be broadcast over the entire 
planet, she was rehearsing her speech but couldn't help but feel uncomfortable 
in the presence of Darul.  Darul for his part was simply leaning against a post 
in the shadows cleaning out one of his pistols always making sure they were well 
maintained.  "Isn't there someplace you should be?"	 Aeka was addressing him 
rather coldly once more.  "Not really, I've stationed troops along key areas to 
help maintain crowd control and I've instructed others to search any who may be 
in attendance during your speech, so be cool and relax about the situation, it's 
all under control" Aeka shot an angry look at Darul who simply smiled at her, at 
least she thought he was, it was rather dark where he was.  "Humph, I wouldn't 
expect a hired hand to fully comprehend the 
gravity of the situation at hand" "Oh, I believe I do understand what's going 
on, your people are pissed off and want some answers to why you've been gone for 
so long, and I've been paid to watch over you so no one gets any funny ideas to 
take you out of the picture, not much to understand here, even for a lowly hired 
hand like myself" 

	He let out a slight chuckle and playfully spun his pistol around and 
practiced his aim.  (OHHHHHHHH, that disrespectful little, I must remain calm, 
my people need me now, and the sooner this is over with, the sooner he'll leave)  
This thought brought some comfort to her as Bendin approached.  "My lady, it is 
time, the view screens are in place around the planet and will broadcast you to 
all the people" "Excellent, well shall we begin then?" She walked over to the 
podium as it was raised slightly higher and was soon surrounded by a multitude 
of cameras hovering closely to catch her image to broadcast to the rest of the 
planet.

	Across every tele-screen on Jurai and even in the public squares across 
the land, all of the inhabitants were treated to a full screen image of Aeka who 
was dressed in royal attire with the crown of Jurai on her head.  All eyes were 
glued to their screens waiting in eager anticipation to what she would say.  
Aeka stepped forward to the ampli-phone and cleared her throat "Ahem, people of 
Jurai, I, Princess Aeka, have returned in a most dire time in the history of 
this great planet.  For some time now, I have been away from the throne, and in 
my absence, the Jurian High Court has done an excellent job in providing for the 
needs of all on Jurai" Darul simply stood and watched, he had heard this type of 
speech before, and this was not what he considered interesting.  (Yeah, yeah, 
blah, blah, blah, does she expect anyone to really buy 
this @#$%?) 


	Off in the distance, not too far away, another character was looming in 
the shadows, but he was not simply watching.  This individual had been waiting 
for quite sometime now, waiting for the right time for which he would be able to 
carry out the orders of his superior.  He raised his gun and aimed his target at 
the Princess.  He was good, his aim was true, and his smile extended from one 
end to the other.  "Farwell Princess, your death will be the crowning moment to 
my career" He took just one more moment to check his aim, and when he was 
satisfied, he pulled the trigger.

	Every inhabitant gasped in shock, as the last image they saw was a beam of 
light rip apart the cameras that surrounded the Princess.  Immediately, Darul 
came to life and rushed over to Aeka.  She was lying there motionless and for a 
moment he knew that he had failed his job, this was a first.  But then, he 
noticed there was no blood on her anywhere, and he realized that the would be 
assassin had missed.  What Darul, and everyone else had not noticed, was just as 
the assassin had taken his shot, a shimmer of light which was reflected off a 
pendant Aeka had been wearing, which had been a gift from Tenchi, had 
momentarily blinded him and his shot was inches away from hitting its target.  
"Aeka, wake up, are you all right?" She slowly came to consciousness and looked 
up at Darul "Yes, I must have fainted, what is going on?" "Well, someone just 
took a shot at you" He looked up and around to see where the shot had come from.  
"Come on, I've got to get you out of here" He grabbed her arm and began to run 
for the exit.  As soon as the assassin had seen his shot miss, he swore silently 
to himself.  He then activated his 
communicator and spoke "NOW!"

	Immediately, six individuals who were in the crowds posing as Jurian 
citizens threw off their disguises and revealed themselves to be of a military 
faction.  The six individuals immediately began attacking anyone who happened to 
be in their way as they began to approach the podium.  As soon as Aeka saw this 
she stopped running and tugged at Darul.  "Please, you must stop them, my people 
are in danger!" "Sorry Princess, but they're only doing that as a distraction, 
besides, my sole mission is to protect you, I'm not getting paid to handle clean 
up, besides, the security should take of them" As soon as he had finished saying 
this, he heard several screams from down below, and realized that was the 
security officers. (Rookies, can't they handle a few dregs?) "Come on, let's 
go!" Aeka shook her head and refused to move.  
"I order you to stop them, you are still under contract and you are to obey 
orders, now do something!" (Ugh!  Spoiled little, ah what the hell) He sighed 
and immediately ran to the edge of the balcony.  He took a quick survey of the 
situation and went into action.  Darul Launched himself over the balcony and in 
mid air pulled out his side arms and with precision aim took out each target and 
managed to avoid hitting any citizens.  As soon as he hit the ground, he 
immediately went for the nearest bench and used it to help launch him back up to 
the podium with one leap.  Smoke still was flowing from his side arms, which he 
puffed out as soon as he was back on the ground.  "Sweet, well, shall we go now 
your majesty" Before she could answer, he took her arm and began heading towards 
the exit.  He stopped short when he heard a voice call 
out from behind him.   

	"Now, now, you weren't planning on leaving so soon eh Darul?" (Oh damn, I 
know that voice, I should have guessed it was him) Darul turned to face the 
voice that called to him.  About a hundred feet away from him, a figure sat 
perched atop the ledge of the balcony smiling at his prey.  Darul quickly 
motioned to Aeka to take cover behind a nearby corner.  "Sevyn, you disappoint 
me, how could you have missed such an easy target?" "Hmmm, well, these things 
happen I suppose, no one is perfect after all, so you are the watchdog of this 
prissy little brat eh?" "Well, I do have to make a living somehow, but tell me, 
who was able to afford your price tag?" Sevyn simply continued to smile at him 
"I make it a point not to tell who throws me a bone, policy rules and all, so 
shall we get this over with?"  At that, both men stood off and waited for the 
other to move.  There was a brief moment of silence, and then Sevyn drew first.  
Darul 
drew as well and opened fire.  

	Both men's shots grazed the other and immediately they took off in 
different directions to seek cover.  (Ah hell, he hit me, but it ain't nothing 
serious) Darul looked around from the column he was taking cover from and was 
showered with shots from Sevyn, they missed and he returned fire.  (I can't keep 
this up for long, if I don't do something soon, this could get ugly) "Hold you 
fire dammit, I give up, stop shooting!" The firing ceased and Sevyn had a 
curious look on his face (He gave up already?) Slowly, Darul walked out from 
behind the column with his hands in the air still holding his guns.  He walked 
directly in front of Sevyn who had a beat on his head waiting to fire.  "Keep 
you hands up, and drop your weapons, make any move old partner, and you're 
maggot food!" 

	(Gotta think quick, damn, they're not paying me enough for this!) "I said 
drop your guns!"  Sevyn drew his finger closer to the trigger.  Darul turned 
partially to where Aeka was hiding and moved his lips in the form of "Close your 
eyes" He hoped that she had gotten the message, and was relieved when she 
nodded.  "All right, you win man" Darul dropped his guns but at the same time 
shook a small pearl like object from his sleeve which went unnoticed on Sevyns 
part.  The moment the pearl hit the ground, a brilliant bright light exploded 
before them and temporarily blinded Sevyn.  Immediately, Darul opened his eyes 
and grabbed his guns before they hit the floor.  As he grabbed them he took a 
leap backwards and began unloading on his target.  Most of his shots missed as 
he was feeling the effect of the light as well.  He managed to get Sevyn 
directly in the shoulder with one of his shots, which caused Sevyn to fall off 
the 
balcony.  He was soon engulfed by the mob of people running for a way out.  
Darul turned his attention to the Princess and grabbed her arm as they hurried 
out of the area.  

	"Where are we going?" Aeka shouted over the yelling around her.  "I'm 
getting you out of here, you're obviously not safe here, we'll head to a safe 
house till this blows over!" More yelling could be heard as the Jurian security 
was doing its best to maintain order amongst the unruly crowds.  As they 
approached the hangar bay outside of the palace, they were met by Bendin and 
some soldiers.  They motioned for Darul to keep going, "I'm going to Plan B" 
Bendin nodded, he had been briefed earlier in case of such a situation.  "Wait, 
why are we not heading towards one of my star cruisers!" Aeka protested as he 
shoved her aboard his own vessel.  It was a late model, not the best of upkeep, 
but still a pretty sturdy class.  "Because this is more inconspicuous, and your 
ships are too stuffy for me" 

	He jumped onto the cockpit and motioned for Aeka to take a seat in the 
back.  At first, she could find no seats at all.  Darul threw a few articles of 
clothing and guns around and there were now a few seats available.  "Get you 
butt in there now!" Darul yelled as he shoved Aeka into the seat and strapped 
her in.  Before Aeka could even get insulted, he punched the main ignition and 
the ship immediately took off.  As they left orbit, Darul quickly inputted the 
coordinates and yelled to the computer to accelerate to maximum speed.  "Yes 
sir, at maximum speed we shall have an ETA of approximately four cycles (Six 
hours Earth standard)" Before long they were out of view of Jurai and well on 
their way to their new destination.  He turned to face Aeka  "Phew, damn this is 
getting a bit too much.  You okay back there Princess, I hope I wasn't too rough 
on..." 

	Before he could finish his sentence, he felt a small hand across his face.  
"Ow, 
what the hell was that for?" He rubbed his hand across his face and looked at 
Aeka who was rather angry herself.  "Let me explain this much to you mister, I 
am a princess, and I will NOT continue to accept treatment like this, do I make 
myself clear, you are being paid to serve me, that means you will do exactly 
what I say, is that understood?" Aeka continued to glare at Darul, and she got 
even more upset when he began to laugh.  "What is so funny?" She demanded as she 
clenched her fists tighter.  

	"Well, its just that you're really rather silly looking when you're angry" 
He tried to clear his eyes.  "Look, we have a little while before we get to the 
safe place, till then, get some rest okay?" Aeka gained a little composure and 
demanded "What safe place, and what is this Plan B?" He looked at her then 
turned to his computer "The safe place is exactly that, somewhere that no one 
will think to look for you, and Plan B, well you are to remain with me and as 
soon as things quiet down, Bendin will contact me to let me know all is well, 
satisfied?" Aeka simply turned to look out the window.  She started to think 
about Tenchi again, 
and she held her pendant in her hand.  

	"Computer, are we there yet?" Darul became a bit impatient being in the 
ship for so long with Aeka.  He would gladly welcome a drink right about now 
from his favorite tavern, which would soon be in view as they were heading to 
his home world.  The ship soon docked on a nearby pad and its landing ramp 
extended out for its passengers.  "Hey princess, wake up we're here" He nudged 
her and she awoke from a rather peaceful sleep.  "Huh, oh well very good then, 
we should begin.what is this place!" She looked out the window and then ran off 
the platform of the ship onto the runway.  "This, this place is a dump!" She 
looked around in utter despair.  "Yup, that it is" Darul spoke as he walked off 
the ramp himself with a few bags in hand.  He motioned to Aeka to follow him.  
"Look Princess, I said I would take you to a place where no one would find you, 
and this is it, now come on" Aeka's hands fell at her side and she just gave up 
protesting and followed him.  

	A few minutes later, they were in what appeared to be a small town of 
sorts, nothing what Aeka was accustomed to, rather low class and run down as far 
as she was concerned.  Darul stopped in front of what was a small building and 
placed his hand over a security panel, which scanned his hand and allowed him 
access.  "No other place has this kind of security around here, not bad eh?" 
Aeka said nothing as they ascended the stairs to another door, this one opened 
merely by his presence.  "Ah, home sweet home" He took in a deep breath and Aeka 
did the same, and coughed to the point of nearly vomiting.  "Well, it has been a 
while since I last cleaned, make yourself at home, because until I hear from 
Bendin, that's exactly what this will be for you" He smiled at her and she felt 
a bit uncomfortable around him alone.  Sensing her discomfort he assured her 
"Look, I don't plan on trying anything on you if that's what is bothering you, 
besides" He stared at her as he walked off into the kitchen "you're just not my 
type" Aeka blushed as she 
swore he was staring a bit too much at her.  

	(Oh, how did I get into this situation, miles away from home, from Jurai, 
from Tenchi) She sat down on a couch that wasn't completely covered with junk 
and started to cry over these most cherished things.  Darul noticed from the 
corner of the kitchen that she was beginning to cry, but decided not to get 
involved.  (I wasn't hired to be her friend, just to protect her, still.) "Hey, 
its getting late, you can get washed up in the bathroom and there's the master 
bedroom, its all yours, I'll stay in the guestroom, all right?" He spoke from 
the kitchen while he fixed up a quick dinner for both his guest and himself.  
Aeka slowly cleared her eyes and walked over to the kitchen "No thank you, I'm 
not quite hungry, I shall be going to bed now, good nite" She turned and went 
off to the bedroom and closed the door behind her.  A few minutes later, the 
light went out.  Darul finished swallowing his dinner and decided he too would 
get some rest.  He washed up and went to his guest room.  "Boy, this is going to 
be one for the books, maybe I should ask for some more money" He sat in bed and 
took a swig of his drink which was beginning to take its toll on him, he soon 
collapsed.  The light automatically turned off and if Aeka's room had been any 
closer to his, she never would have stood a chance of sleep with his snoring.


Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: 
despairisu@aol.com.
                 
