A penny for a princess (Part I)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for 
important.right in the pail!


	Oh, hello there, please allow me to introduce myself.  My name is Darul 
D'amond, and I have a rather interesting form of employment.  There are many 
names to my type of work, but to some, I am a soldier of fortune, I am a 
mercenary, I am a bounty hunter.basically, my services are for hire to anyone 
who can afford me.  Everyone seems to have their own theory on life and whatever 
falls in between, mine is that everyone and everything has a price, and nothing 
is beyond being purchased.  This way of life for me also makes for many 
interesting stories.  Presently, I am sitting on a resort beach in the Cthera 
System on the planet of Hueshin.  I've been here for the past few days getting 
some well deserved rest from my last job, and what a job that was!  Now, please 
keep in mind that what I will tell you is entirely true; I am not 
one to lie.quite often that is.  It all started one fine day when I received an 
interesting message on my message system.  I had just returned from delivering a 
most heinous individual to the authorities and collected my bounty.  Upon 
checking my messages, I noted that one in particular caught my interest.  It was 
a job offer.and a well paying one at that.  

	Well, needless to say that I was eager to see what this was all about.  
The job in particular was a bodyguard request.  That nearly turned me away, I 
usually don't take those type of jobs.babysitting the rich and incredibly 
spoiled do not interest me.  But, when I saw just who was requesting my services 
and why.well, I simply could not pass this one up.  A certain empire, in a time 
of great turmoil and social unrest, was in need of someone to watch over there 
next in line to the throne, a princess who was targeted for an assassination by 
an old acquaintance of mine.  I took in all the pertinent information and 
decided to take the job.  Well needless to say my new employer was ecstatic to 
hear the news.little did I know that my protectee would not feel the same way.  
I readied my ship and set course for my new assignment.  After taking off from 
the port dock, I entered the coordinates into the ships computer and we set off, 
our destination.the planet Jurai.  "Computer, please wake me when we 
arrive.(yawn), I'll be in my room taking a nap" "Understood" The computer 
beeped.  We continued on into the cold emptiness of space.


	"For the last time.get your hands of Lord Tenchi you, you, you nasty 
little space hoodlum!" Aeka shouted across the dinner table pointing a shaking 
finger at Ryoko who was in her own mind, thoughtfully trying to feed Tenchi who 
was as always struggling against her advances.  "Ooooo, did I get the little 
princess angry, well get over it sweetheart!"  Ryoko shouted and shot a rather 
evil look at Aeka who was now turning very red.  Ryoko next turned her back to 
Tenchi and took up a more serene voice "Tenchi dear, you should really try some 
of this"  "No Ryoko, really, thanks but I can get it myself" Tenchi struggled 
and wondered if there would ever be a time when he would have a chance to eat a 
normal dinner like everyone else.  "Really Ryoko, why must you always make 
dinner for Lord Tenchi so difficult!"  Aeka was glaring right at Ryoko who was 
returning the glare with the same intensity.  "Girls, please don't fight!" 
Tenchi protested, but to no avail.  Both Aeka and Ryoko were both powering up 
and getting ready for another fight.  "I have just about had enough of you 
Ryoko, let us end this fighting, once 
and for all!" Aeka spoke with firmness and dignity.  "Suites me just fine 
princess!" Ryoko responded. (Oh my gosh, they're not kidding this time, they 
really plan on killing each other!) Tenchi felt a bead of sweat down the back of 
his head as he watched the two girls begin their final dance.  

	Ryoko was the first to attack sending a barrage of energy blasts at Aeka 
who immediately shielded herself and reflected the energy back at Ryoko.  After 
a few quick attacks back and forth, the girls took their fight outside for more 
room to maneuver.  Both combatants were parrying and dodging one another's 
attacks, after fighting each other so often they knew each other's moves quite 
well.  Ryoko lashed out her energy sword and took as many swipes at Aeka but 
could not break her shield.  Immediately, Aeka used her surrounding guardian 
wood poles and fired several blasts at Ryoko.  The space pirate successfully 
managed to dodge all the blast, but one.  "Agghh" Ryoko shouted as she fell to 
the ground.  Aeka floated over to where Ryoko had fallen being held in the air 
by her force field.  She began to gloat over the pirate "Well, well, now that 
wasn't so hard.I'm terribly sorry Ryoko, but there can only be one woman in 
Tenchi's 
life, and it won't be you!" 

	Aeka floated closer to Ryoko who was laying face down.  Just as she was 
getting ready to finish Ryoko off, the pirate rolled over and revealed that she 
was playing dead.  She was hurt from the blast, but she wasn't out of this fight 
just yet.  Ryoko took the element of surprise and let loose a harsh blast that 
shook Aeka back and she fell to one knee.  "You were right about the part of 
Tenchi needing only one woman in her life sister, but it ain't you!"  Aeka was 
taken by surprise by Ryoko's attack, but she was soon ready for a counter 
attack.  "Well, that certainly was rather sneaky of you Ryoko, but then you 
never were one to be honorable, prepare to die!"  

	Aeka summed up the remaining energy she had and focused her attack at 
Ryoko, who in turn was also doing the same.  Both women let out a massive blast 
of energy, which could be seen for quite a distance.  Everyone from inside was 
looking out the windows; not daring to go outside to observe what was going on.  
Tenchi was looking on nervously wondering if this last attempt on their part 
would destroy his house.  During this whole time, no one seemed to notice that 
Washu was missing.  She had already finished her dinner and was back in her 
laboratory, looking at a small time piece she had been observing since the two 
girls had begun their fight.  "Yup, any moment now, in fact, three, two, one" 
Just as she had finished her countdown, both Aeka and Ryoko had completely 
exhausted their powers for the time being and could no longer continue their 
fight.  "Dammit, why does this always happen?" Ryoko was irate that she could 
barely stand let alone power up for another attack.  Aeka was in no better shape 
as she sit slumped on the ground.  "Oh, every time I come close to getting rid 
of that pesky Ryoko, I seem to run out 
of power" Realizing that they would have to take it up again at a later time, 
both girls slowly walked back to the house and headed for the bathroom resulting 
to only pushing to figure out who would get to use the bath first.

	Later that evening, the family was in the living room watching some 
television.  Both Ryoko and Aeka sat at the opposite end of the room eyeing each 
other knowing they were still not quite ready for another go at it, but thy 
would be very soon.  Tenchi was pleased that they had finished fighting without 
killing one another and not destroying the house.  Mid way through the program 
there was a knocking at the door.  "Who could that be at this hour?" Tenchi 
spoke as he went to see who it was.  As he got up, both Ryoko and Aeka looked at 
him, and then turned their attention to one another, and then finally back to 
the program.  Tenchi opened the door and was met by an individual who was 
dressed in garments that strongly resembled what royalty from Jurai would be 
wearing.  The figure came into view and Tenchi could see that it was a man, 
probably in his late thirties, but by Jurai standards, he would have to add a 
zero or so behind whatever number he was thinking.  

	"My apologies for disturbing you at such an hour Lord Tenchi" The man 
spoke and gave a respectful bow before Tenchi who was in a bit of shock.  "How, 
how did you know who I was?" He stammered out "That is not an important fact, 
however, I need to speak with Lady Aeka immediately, please" "Well, all right, 
Aeka there's someone here for you" Aeka shot her head up thinking this was some 
joke on Tenchis' part (Now who would be looking for me here?) As she got up, she 
managed another evil look at Ryoko who of course returned the favor.  Aeka 
approached the door when she immediately recognized who was looking for her.  
"Bendin, what are you doing here?" The princess looked at the Imperial Messenger 
that was before her and realized that whatever his message was, it wasn't good.

	Immediately, Bendin bowed before Aeka "Lady Aeka, my apologies for coming 
unexpectedly, but there is a matter of extreme importance that I must speak to 
you about, in private" Aeka was a bit over taken by this sudden appearance of an 
Imperial Messenger, but now there was a matter of importance with which he 
needed to speak to her about.  "Yes, of course, please excuse us Lord Tenchi" 
Aeka followed the messenger to his ship, which promptly closed its portal upon 
entering. Tenchi simply stood there wondering what was going on.  Finally when 
he realized that this was a private matter for Aeka, he turned and went back 
inside the house and closed the door.  "Tenchi, what was that all about?" Sasami 
peeked her head over the couch.  "Aeka, she had someone to talk to," Tenchi said 
as he went back to his spot on the couch, which was now presently occupied by 
Ryoko who motioned to him to sit on her lap.  Tenchi rolled his eyes and took a 
seat on the floor next to Ryo-ohki who seemed pleased with his company.  (I hope 
everything is all right with Aeka) Tenchi wondered while trying to get back to 
the program they had been watching earlier.


	About an hour later, Aeka returned to the house.  She was visibly upset 
and distraught by whatever news she was given, but she also had a firm look of 
determination on her face.  By now, everyone was in bed and fast asleep, 
everyone that is except for Tenchi who had been waiting for her.  "Aeka, is 
everything all right, I couldn't get to sleep, I was a bit concerned about you" 
Tenchi took a few steps to her and looked her in the eye.  "Thank you Lord 
Tenchi for your concern, however, to answer your question, no everything is not 
well" She lowered her head "I have been requested to return back to Jurai 
immediately" Tenchi looked startled "Why, what's the matter?" "I have been gone 
from Jurai for too long now, in my absence, the High Council of Jurai has done 
all they can to run the planet as effectively as possible.  They have done an 
outstanding job, but, the people have begun to revolt and chaos is spreading 
across the land.  Many of the common people are turning against the royalty and 
without a proper head of state to address this situation, I fear my people will 
begin to attack one another and leave themselves open to attack from other 
worlds.  

	I must return immediately and try to return order to my home, I am sorry 
to leave like this" Tenchi laid his hands on her shoulders and tilted her head 
up.  "Aeka, I'm sorry, I'm the reason you chose to stay here for so long, is 
there anything I can do to help?" She shook her head "Your concern is help 
enough, and don't blame yourself, you know I chose to stay, to, well, to be with 
you" She smiled because she knew it was the right thing to say.  "I know Aeka, 
then maybe I should go with you" "No, I need to perform my duties with no 
distractions, but maybe you can come and visit me when this is all over" Tenchi 
smiled  "I would like that, thank you" Aeka blushed and almost started to cry 
"No Tenchi, thank you" 

	"Aeka, what's going on?" Sasami said as she came down the stairs, she was 
half awake and 
wiping her eyes.  "Sasami, well since you're up, there is something I need to 
tell you" Aeka walked over to Sasami and put a hand on her shoulder "I need to 
return to Jurai, there is a situation that needs me, and I may not be back for a 
while" Sasami looked up at her older sister and her eyes widened a bit "Well, 
then I'll go with you, just give me a minute to get dressed and" Aeka shook her 
head "No Sasami, this may be dangerous, I need you to stay here" "But, I wanna 
go with you" The little princess started to cry "Sasami, as the first princess 
of Jurai, it is my duty to handle these matters and, I need you to stay here, if 
anything should happen to me, you will be next in line for the throne of Jurai.  
We were told that a time like this 
could come up, please I need to know that I can count on you" Sasami sniffed a 
bit and cleared her eyes "Okay, but please come back, if I were to lose you, I 
don't know what I would do" Aeka leaned over and kissed Sasami on the forehead 
"Don't worry, I will send for you as soon as this has all passed" "Promise" The 
princess spoke lowly "I promise Sasami" Both sisters hugged and Aeka stood up 
and began for her room.  "I'll need to pack a few things, Tenchi, will you 
please  walk with me to the ship when I am ready?" Tenchi nodded and Aeka 
continued to her room.

	About twenty minutes later, Aeka and Tenchi both left the house and began 
walking towards the ship, which had now begun to hum to life as it prepared to 
take off.  "Tenchi, I will miss you when I am gone, please think of me when you 
pray, please?" Tenchi looked at the princess and too began to worry if he would 
ever see her again.  Not knowing if this was a certainty or not, he decided he 
would let her leave with a warm remembrance.  He leaned over and kissed her 
gently. When he was done, Aeka was blushing and almost didn't want to leave, but 
she knew that her duty as a princess and her obligation to her people came 
first.  She began to cry, "Oh thank you Lord Tenchi <sniff>, I will miss you, 
and I will think of you always, good bye" With that, the ship lifted off the 
ground and hovered over Aeka.  She simply waved to him and was transported 
aboard the ship, which began its journey back to Jurai.  Tenchi simply stood 
there and watched the ship depart.  He had kissed her in case if she did not 
return, he wanted her to have one last 
gift, to know that he did care about her, and that he may even...


	"Princess Aeka, we will be arriving at Jurai shortly, I have informed the 
Council of your arrival and an escort has been arranged upon our landing" Bendin 
reported to Aeka from the bridge.  The intercom in her room turned off after the 
completion of his message.  (So, after all this time I have come home.  I only 
wished that the situation would have been a peaceful one, and that Lord Tenchi 
was here too...)  Aeka remembered his kiss, and how warm it felt to her.  She 
never had been kissed before and had wanted her first to be with someone truly 
special, and it had.  She had to regain her composure, there would be time to 
discuss this with Tenchi later, but now she had a duty to fulfill to her people.  
Leaving her room, the princess made her way up to the bridge and was greeted by 
Bendin.  "My lady, we shall be landing in a moment, is all well with you?" He 
had a look of concern on his face.  "Everything is fine, really.  When shall I 
meet with the Council, there is much to be discussed?" Bendin turned back to the 
console and tapped 
a few buttons, which caused the ship to land on a section located near the 
Jurian palace.  "The Council will meet with you tomorrow morning.  Till then, 
perhaps you should get some rest" Aeka nodded as she and Bendin were teleported 
off the bridge and onto the landing area.  "Yes, a good rest will help" She 
began walking back towards the palace flanked on both sides by her royal escort.  


Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: 
despairisu@aol.com.
	  	

            
