    It was a nice cool day. Everyone in the masaki household was very calm,
and peaceful. The dinner was being cooked, and you could smell it, it
smelled
wonderful. Kiyone sat down, typing on a lap top. "10 reasons why being a GP
is an honor" she started. "the boss, and the new recruits are gonna love my
speech!" Kiyone saved her file, and got up. She walked into the next room.
"Um, everyone, i was wondering if you wanted to here the begining of my
speech, i memorized it. Tenchi was the only one to reply, but his voice was
drawn out by the cheers, and boos, of the others. "I guess they enjoy that
hockey game a little too much" Kiyone went back into the kitchen depressed.
Tenchi walked in. "Kiyone, I really wanted ot hear yor speech. "Oh tenchi, y
bother. The boss, or recruits wont even be listening. I could mess up and no
one would care." Tenchi sat down next to her. "Don't think that, they will
all love yor speech, do you want to come outside for a walk? I'm heading for
the tree." Kiyone stood up "I'd love too Tenchi" The pair walked outside,
leaving the hollering frenzy back infront of the t.v set. Tenchi gazed at a
pretty flower, all alone on the ground. "It's so beautiful. The simplest
things, can sometimes be the most beautiful" Kiyone stared " I never really
had enough time to notice things like this, being a GP is hard work." "I
know, but now u hahve time, and you should use it Kiyone, have fun" Kiyone
sighed "beautiful things" "Everything is beautiful in a way kiyone, even the
ugliest dead flower in the feild" "Tenchi, can i tell u something?
Something,
I never told anyone b4?" Tenchi smiled "sure" "When i was about 16, young
and
in love, i sat dwon fro lunch by the lake, I sat upon this big rock, which
was partly covered in mold. For my 5 minutes of peace, I thot the rock was
beautiful, it's strong gray color against the lime green algea. Wow, I never
told anyone that." "That;s lovely Kiyone. Everything is lovely, expecially
you grls." Kiyone gasped a little and looked at Tenchi. Tenchi smiled back
"U
all remind me of my mother, ryoko and her carefree fun life. Sasami and her
child-like innocence, Washu and her super intelligence. Mihoshi and her
confused little voice. Ayeka, with her grace. And you, Kiyone, w/ yor
dedication. Kiyone blushed. <2 be young, and in love, w. no work, just play.
I want to go back there> Tenchi and Kiyone reached the tree. "Come'on let's
climb up." Tenchi climbed onto one branch, and extended an arm to kiyone,
and
helped her up. Together hand in hand, they climbed ot the highest brach, and
sat there looking at the magnificent sunset. Kiyone felt a breeze cover her
face, and blew her hair in all directions. Tenchi felt Kiyone's soft hair
graze his cheek. Tenchi held Kiyone's hand, and squeezed it tighter. Kiyone
looked at him. Tenchi opened his mouth to speak, but instead he leaned close
to kiyone and gently kissed her. Kiyone was surprised, she felt her lips.
<omg. could this be? could this really be?> She smiled back at Tenchi.
"Kiyone. U r one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. 2day at least.
Y don't you quit galaxy police and stay home?" Kiyone was shocked. <how
could
he think of such a thing? GP is my life, I don't care how beautiful i look,
I
will never give up Galaxy Police!> "no tenchi, i would never do that, i
couldn't. GP is my world. U understand" "ya." Tenchi's smile faded, and
Kiyone's rosey cheeks became pale. Tenchi pulled something out of his
jacket.
It was a rose. He handed it to Kiyone. "Goodluck on yor report." After that,
he jumped out of the tree, and walked back up to the house. Kiyone leaned
against the tree trunk. Kiyone smelled the rose, her favorite flower. I need
to work on my report. That nigth kiyone stayed up late typing her report.
She
whispered the speech aloud:
                    I would like to welcome all the new recruits, to Galaxy
Police Headquaters. As a first class detective, I must say that I really
have
enjoyed working here.
    1st of all, i want to say something, b4 you go ahead of yorselves,
having
a stress-ful life, trying to please everyone here, and making sure
everything
you do here is perfect. Take a brake, go out to the mountains, and relax,
stare at the sunrise, and admire a flower. I think that to be a good GP, you
got to know that everything is beautiful. And you might as well know yor
enviromentm because I knwo you'll be using it alot.
    I will procede this orientation w. some rules and regulations of Galaxy
Police. I'm sure you already learned somethings at Galaxy Academy, but it
doesnt hurt to go over things twice.
                    (now 2 the ending)
                    Thankyou all for giving me yor time, so that I can teach
you. I hope you all become succesful officers, and I am proud to help you on
yor way! I would like 2 thakn one person though, who inspired me, and opened
up a part of my life, I never knew existed. Tenchi Masaki. ty 4 openingh my
eyes, and my heart, and helping me realize, that everything is beautiful,
even this speech I have just now finished.
Kiyone took a bow. The audience clapped loudly, and in the crowd, Kiyone
could make out Tenchi, smiling, with everyone else, ryoko, washu. They were
all there cheering her on. Her partner mihoshi, was sitting next to her
grandpa, the guy who practically owns GP, and has bouncing up and down on
the
balls of her heels. Kiyone smiled 2. She was on the road, to becoming as
carefree as can be. Thanks to Tenchi.
            next up.................chap.2 Close call
