Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and it's characters are 
copyrights and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. This story is based on the Tenchi Universe 
characters.  
This will be a short 2 maybe 3 chapter story, so Don't expect too much.  
This was an idea that's been in my head for a while, so Read and 
Review! 
An Unsuspecting Victim 
The Facts! 
Kiyone Makabi, Currently Chief Inspector of Detective for the Okayama 
Prefecture Police Department  
was greatly concerned.A serial killer was carving his way through Japan 
starting a year ago In Tokyo.  
Following a highway map, he left victims in each town he visited.  
Most victms were female, 10 to 14 years of age, usually dressed in a 
school uniform,  
most of the time were killed walking home from school or a bus stop.  
He was also a meticulous killer, because he used as his weapons, a 
katana sword,and a smaller knife  
which normally in ancient times a samurai would carry.  
The evidence and  a scientific profile (With the help of Washu) 
suggested a man in his twenties,  
probably trained in Kendo,and was a big anime and manga fan of those 
stories  
that involved sword play and dark themes. 
The victims usually were found laying on their backs in the woods 
around the town they were from.  
There was almost no sign that they were hurt. But evidence showed that 
they were strangled,  
sexually violated, Their arms cut cleanly off, and had their hearts cut 
out.  
There was a small campfire found nearby with small remains of the 
hearts.  
Those remains seems to be burned as if someone was trying to eat it.  
The grusome display led to the conclusion that the killer was thinking  
of devouring the victims spirit as he ate their hearts.  
The arms haven't been found. 
The perplexing problem about this killer was how he got the victim,  
without anyone noticing, and doing his work without any shouts or 
alarms heard.  
Ivariably the victims blood was also drained so there was no splotches 
of blood  
where he had butchered his victims.  
Kiyone was extremely concerned because if he stayed in the  travel 
pattern  
he was displaying, Okayama would be the next town to he would hit.  
As she agonized over the current situation she reminded herself of  
why she was here in the first place.  
She had joined the department as a cover for her work as a  
Galaxy Police Detective first class.  
Mihoshi was one of her lieutenants in charge of Special investigations.  
Also as a way to help pay the bills since they were also the security 
for  
the current residents of the Masaki Shrine. 4 Jurai Royal family 
members,  
The famous Scientist Wsahu, and The ex-Space Pirate Ryoko. 
Mihoshi was out in the field at the moment trying to secure the schools 
in the area  
that might be targets for the killer, now known as the "School Uniform" 
killer.  
She had under cover police staked out at the schools and at the many 
bus stops  
in and around town. She was stretching the department's resources to 
it's limit  
trying to protect the young girls who would be the killers victims.  
What she didn't know was the fact that the killer was already leaving 
town and  
upon seeing the strong police presence made his was west and out of 
town  
on a road familiar to Kiyone. 
If she had known that she would have been  terrified due to the fact 
that the killer  
was follwing his next victim.  
A little girl about 12 years old wearing a traditional green and pink 
Japanese dress.  
What intrigued him wasn't the kimono but the bright blue hair that she 
had.  
he had never seen anyone with natural blue hair.  
So he started following her since she left a local grocery store headed 
out of town..  
They both passed a sign stating that the Masaki shrine entrance was 
just around the corner,  
so he knew that it was an isolated area, with a large forrest around 
the shrine itself.  
He smiled evilly to himself as he picked up the pace as he neared the 
unsuspecting girl from behind. 
Had Kiyone known this she would have done something, but nothing was 
done.  
But fate would enter here but to whom would it grant it's favor to?  
The police?  
The Killer,  
or does Sasami Jurai live another day ... or not? 
We'll see soon! 
This story will be updated and revised several more times!  
   
   
   
  
