Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and it's characters are 
copyrights and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo 
characters. (Plus Kiyone from the Movies)  
This will be a short 2 chapter story, and my first "Dark" story so 
don't expect too much.  
This was an idea that's been in my head for a while, so Read and 
Review!  
This Story will be revised soon! 
An Unsuspecting Victim  
  
Sasami's Missing! 
A nagging feeling brought Kiyone to call the Masaki residence where 
Washu answered.  
"Little Washu is everyone OK there?" asked an apprehensive Kiyone 
Well, Lord Katsuhito is at the shrine, Tenchi is at school and..." 
Washu was cut off when Kiyone asked;  
"No, Washu, where are the girls?" 
"Ryoko is at the cave sleeping, (she knew this through her link), Ayeka 
is here watching a soap opera, and Sasami...." 
WHERE is Sasami?" Kiyone asked forcefully 
"She went to get some groceries. She should have been back by now." 
said Washu in a slowly more nervous tone. 
"Please get everyone and start looking for her. The School Uniform 
killer was last seen west of Okoyama!"  
Washu now knew what that meant. "I'll get everyone looking!" She didn't 
even wait for a reply as  
she summoned Ryoko, and sent a startled Ayeka to get Katsuhito. 
Within 15 minutes, all four went on down the foot path to the Bus stop 
.  
They fanned out from there. Katsuhito towards the foot paths of the 
Shrine area,  
Ryoko down the dirt road to the Shrine entrance, Ayeka towards the path 
that led to the shed  
where she and Tenchi had been trapped by rain so long ago. Finally, 
Washu went back to the house  
to wait for her there and to get her surveillance drones to scan the 
area. 
30 minutes earlier! 
The Killer used a stun gun and knocked Sasami unconscious.  
He threw the groceries down a steep ravine  
near where he had brought her unconscious body to.  
He had spotted the shed there, and after getting rid  
of any obvious evidence, he picked up the girl in his arms  
and made his way to the shed. 
As he scanned the area around the shed to make sure he was alone,  
he opened the door with his free hand since Sasami was hanging upside 
down  
on the Killers shoulders. He put her down on the floor as he pulled out 
his backpack and  
pulled out a leather satchel. Within were the tools he used to perform 
his demented ceremony  
of purifying the girl before his feast was to begin. 
Back to the present! 
Ayeka was searching for her sister. Washu told her that Kiyone was 
concerned for her safety,  
but wisely didn't tell her specifically why. As she made her way 
towards the shed,  
she noticed that the door was open. She knew that normally the shed 
door is unlocked but closed.  
Maybe Sasami became tired and went there to rest a bit. That's what 
Ayeka was thinking  
as she came up to the door of the shed when she saw her sister sprawled 
out on the floor,  
tied spread eagle to several posts driven to the dirt floor, and her 
chest exposed and  
a marking which looked like a strange Kanji letter painted on her just 
above her heart.  
before she could even say a word she was knocked out with a large 
wooden branch from behind.  
"Well it's going to be a double today." Was all the killer said as 
Ayeka laid beside her sister, both unconscious.  
  
Ryoko had found the discarded groceries and had seen a trail of foot 
prints leading toward the shrine,  
and more importantly towards the shed. The footprints were of an adult 
she guessed  
since Sasami did have a small foot. But, out of instinct, she followed 
them.  
As she floated towards the bus stop, she spotted Tenchi getting off his 
bus and making his way towards home.  
She swept him up in her arms as  she flew up to the path leading to the 
shed. She explained the circumstances  
to him and he was ready when they landed. "Let's head up the path, 
since the foot prints lead up it."  
Said Tenchi as he and Ryoko made their way towards the shed.  
They stopped as a male voice starts to chant and clap hands in rhythm. 
Ryoko shoots up,  
changes to her battle suit, and fazes herself into the shed as the 
killer plunges a knife at  
Ayeka's exposed breast, and heart below. 
Ryoko grabs the startled Killer's arm at mid stroke with the tip only 
inches above the Princess's chest.  
She then flings him through the open door of the shed and down the path 
towards Tenchi.  
Startled for a second, Tenchi gets out Tenchi-ken, ignites it and 
stands a mere 6 feet from the prone man before him.  
Ryoko then comes out of the shed with Ayeka under one arm and Sasami 
under the other heading towards the house.  
She had, through her mind link, contacted Washu of the princesses 
rescue and of that she was bringing both Princesses  
to her. 
Tenchi upon seeing this, readied himself as the confused killer slowly 
got up to see what had happened.  
he saw Ryoko in a blur leave the shed with his sacrifices. "Damn, her! 
She ruined everything!" He said out load.  
"I don't think she will be the one that's damned here you A**hole!" 
Said a now furious Tenchi.  
Not only did this animal want to kill Sasami and Ayeka, he was going to 
consume their still beating hearts!  
"You won't be leaving here, Animal!" Tenchi stated. 
The man regarded the boy in front of him with amusement. He was in 
uniform, a high school student,  
he assumed not knowledgeable of sword play, since he observed him 
holding a hilt of a sword, without the blade.  
The killer was confidant he'd make short work of him. He pulled out his 
Katana Sword and yelling like a madman  
(Which he probably was) he charged the boy with the sword hilt.  
In 3 more steps he stopped. A Glowing blue beam of energy grew from 
that wooden sword hilt.  
He hesitated, as he was distracted by the unique sword. That's all 
Tenchi needed.  
He swept by the confused swordsman and began to parry and strike at the 
killer.  
After several blocked thrusts the killer tried to go on the offensive.  
But that was not to be as his blade which was an ancient katana, honed 
to a sharpens to cut metal,  
was broken in half by the sheer energy of the Blue Tenchi-ken. 
As the killer looked at the broken sword, he grew angry. Never had 
anyone been able to challenge him  
in swordplay. He wasted no time in reaching into his sleeve and 
throwing metal stars at Tenchi  
which were each quickly deflected by several sweeps of Tenchi's sword.  
Then as he reached inside his pant's belt to retrieve the short sword 
to battle with,  
he suddenly was picked up by the collar and flew up several hundred 
feet.  
Ryoko then unceremoniously dropped him into the Masaki shrines' lake  
where Kiyone and Mihoshi were there waiting for him. 
After retrieving Tenchi, the killer was fished out of the water 
handcuffed, and arrested.  
As Kiyone and Mihoshi took him in a police squad car, Tenchi and Ryoko 
made their way  
to the house to see how the Princesses were doing. Both had haunting 
images of what could have happened to them in the killers hands, as 
they made their way up the stairs towards their room.  
As they reached the doorway, they were both relieved as Washu informed 
them that both suffered no ill effects  
after Washu had cleaned them up and given them a sedative, they were 
resting comfortably. 
Then an explosion was heard.  
The killer had somehow gotten loose and blown up the car  
with one of the GP's Energy weapons.  
Tenchi, then Ryoko ran out to see the killer with the weapon,  
pointed to an unconscious Mihoshi as Kiyone lay inside the blown up 
police car, unconscious  
and seriously hurt. 
"Listen to me! Drop the gun, and you live!" yelled Ryoko keeping an eye 
on the weapon.  
She knew she could faze in-between the gun and Mihoshi, but since this 
was a GP weapon,  
she didn't know if it could hurt her or not.  
Tenchi was seeing all this and spotting Kiyone in the fiery car  
leaped toward the car to try to save Kiyone before the car explodes. 
This left the Space Pirate to save Mihoshi from the demented killer.  
She then remembered Who she was called here!  
She slowly powered up with the subsequent wind blowing back her spiky 
Cyan hair.  
The added affect of floating and glowing red eyes caused the killer to 
stare in awe and fright.  
That was all she needed. She fazed out from where she was floating, 
right in front of him  
and before he could react, she lopped of the arm holding the blaster 
with her energy sword.  
As he yelled out, she swept her sword over and cut off his other arm. 
"Now you know how all those girls FELT before you KILLED THEM!" 
"RYOKO, DON'T DO IT!"  Yelled Tenchi as he laid a badly injured Kiyone 
on the ground. 
She didn't want to stop from running her sword through the killer's 
abdomen.  
But the repeated shouting of her name brought her back from the edge.  
"Can you take Kiyone to Washu's lab, I'll keep an eye on him, come back 
for Mihoshi, Ok."  
He then came up to her as she stood over the armless madman, and gazed 
into her eyes.  
She looked at him still with hate for the animal who within 20 minutes,  
had not only hurt Mihoshi and Kiyone, but tried to kill Ayeka and 
Sasami.  
"Why don't you do it, I'll make sure he doesn't go anywhere." said 
Ryoko in a menacing yet flat tone. 
"Ryoko, you can faze them to Washu's lab quicker! Kiyone needs help 
now!  
Reminded Tenchi, with a pleading look. Her maddened gaze softened. 
"Ok, Tenchi, I'll take them!" She said as she touched Mihoshi and 
vanished,  
then a few seconds later re-appeared to retrieve Kiyone. 
Tenchi, then turned his attention to the killer. He made his way to him 
and  
grabbing him by his collar shook him and said;  
" I want you to live and know that your skills as a swordsman are now 
gone, and will never come back.  
Just like how none of those girls will return. I want you to think 
about that for the rest of your life"  
Tenchi then let the screaming man go. As he fell, Tenchi then 
remembered Kagato,  
and how he had treated Ryoko, and how she was forced to kill in a 
similar way as this nut.  
"She really knew how it felt." he said to himself. As he was deep in 
thought the armless maniac  
had taken off his shoe and took the blaster from his lifeless hand and 
used his toes to aim the  
blaster. Tenchi had no chance. He sensed him and without looking a 
light hawk wing appeared  
and slammed into the fool. Ryoko had come out and witnessed the demise 
of the  
The "School Uniform" killer as his body was now a pile of ashes.  
As the Light hawk wing disappeared she saw the anguish in Tenchi's face  
She rushed to him and enveloped him in a warm and tight embrace, he 
returned it and both now cried.  
Not for the madman who died but for those he killed, those innocent 
children who had they lives cut short  
by a maniac who probably was a victim himself. They slowly made their 
way inside to comfort each other and to  
try to understand what had occurred that fateful day. 
4 days later 
Capt. Kiyone Makabi now healed up from the explosion, was finishing up 
the case file that  
officially closed the The "School Uniform" killer case. The ashes were 
identified as one Toko Mashushuri.  
A former Buddist priest candidate who was a skilled swordsman, and 
became a religious fanatic who's sanity  
slowly unraveled as he was thrown out of a Buddhist Seminary. The 
killings started a week after he left the seminary. 
Sasami and Ayeka were being counseled by a Jurian psychologist, while 
Kiyone and Mihoshi went back to  
work. Tenchi and Ryoko became closer, but he still  made time for 
Ayeka, who also needed a friend as well.  
But, the events of the killers demise brought a new realization to 
Tenchi of what is important, and who!  
  
Well I thought I could make a dark fic, but with my background as a 
waff and romance writer I hope this was good enough to  
convey the story properly. If not then tell me yourself at 
<dennis_d@popmail.firn.edu>  
Thanks all and I'll continue my other Tenchi story: "Uninhibited 
Consequences",  
plus I am going to start re-writing some of my older stories changing 
them  
from a script format to a narrative. Thanks for all the reviews! 
dennisud  
  
