"Let go! You can't do this! I am the Galaxy Police,
and I WILL stop you! Darn it, Mihoshi!"

Cursing and spouting nonsense, Kiyone lashed out at
the silent guards that held her. It was no use--they
threw her into a cell in the basement of the mansion
and left her. She immediately began testing the bars,
to no avail. "MIHOSHIIIIIIIII!"

"Why didn't Kiyone and Mihoshi show up for dinner?"
Ayeka asked as the group lounged around, waiting for
the two to return.

"Reminds me of that time I was building Mecha-Washu,"
Washu said, "and I missed two days' worth of meals
before Tenchi came to get me. I bet they got caught up
in their work, too."

"Mihoshi?" Ryoko said. She nearly fell over laughing.
"Kiyone I can understand, but Mihoshi? NO WAY!"

At that moment Tenchi entered. "Ryo-Ohki and Sasami
just left to go find them. Guys, I'm worried."

Ayeka, Ryoko, and Washu looked at each other, then up
at Tenchi. "You're right," Ryoko said, serious once
more. "Where were they going? I'll check it out."

"Panoko Mansion," he said. Ryoko teleported instantly.
At that moment, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Mihoshi entered.

"Hiya guys! Is all the soup gone? Hey, why are you
looking at me like that?" Mihoshi backed up a step.
"Guys? Is somethin' wrong?"

"Where's Kiyone?"

"Kiyone? Oh, she went down that one passageway. I came
home cuz I got hungry, but I got lost and Ryo-Ohki
found me. Why?"

"You IDIOT!" Washu shouted, leaping to her feet.
"Kiyone isn't MAGICAL! She can't get herself out of
these messes! Who knows what happened! I was
researching a few months ago, and no one who enters
Panoko alone comes out alive!"

"But she didn't go in alone," Mihoshi said, confused.

Washu sighed and buried her face in her hands. "Why
try to explain anything to you? Listen up, everyone
else. If Ryoko comes back without Kiyone--" Ryoko
suddenly appeared, shaking her head sadly--
"Oooooookay...we have to go find Kiyone, and fast.
Panoko is deadly, you guys. There's nothing a
genius--or a space pirate, or a princess, or a
brainless Galaxy Police agent--can do alone. We're all
in this together, right?"

"That's right!" everyone shouted.

"This canNOT be happening," Kiyone muttered through
clenched teeth. "This CAN-NOT be happening!
Mihoshiiii!" She slumped down against the back of her
small prison. Hours had flown by, and no Mihoshi. No
anyone, in fact; no guards, no torturers, no NOTHING.
They were trying to break her will, and would have
succeeded had Kiyone not been so used to having her
will broken by Mihoshi's mishaps. In fact, it was nice
not to listen to the blond's aimless chatter. The
absence of it reminded Kiyone that her impossibly dumb
partner must have gotten safely away.

And that, at least, was something.

"Forget what I said about being in this together,"
Ayeka whispered. Panoko was, as Sasami said,
'ginormous!' They had no hope of finding Kiyone--or
anyone else--in there.

"We are going to see this through," Ryoko growled,
hurling another ball of fire at the door. "Dang! Too
bad there wasn't a lock inside, or we would be IN
there! Oh, wait...here we go!" The door swung open,
nearly off its hinges. Ryoko floated in, followed
closely by Washu and Tenchi. Ayeka ran after her love,
although Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Mihoshi hung back, as
though truly afraid of the building.

"Sasami!" Washu said softly as the others ran forward,
searching frantically. "You and Ryo-Ohki stay here.
Guard the door. If anyone goes in or out, send
the...the...well...what IS Ryo-Ohki?"

"A cabbit. You didn't know that?" Sasami said. Washu
blushed. "I understand. We'll stay out of sight. Good
luck with Kiyone!"

Washu nodded. She turned and ran to the others,
leaving the cabbit and girl behind.

Kiyone slumped down against her prison wall and buried
her face in her hands. She felt so lost. Something
yanked on her mind; she FELT her friends enter this
place. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki stopped moving. After a
second, they disappeared altogether.

"NOT THAT WAY!" the policewoman cried as the larger
group turned. They were heading AWAY from the
dungeons! And with Mihoshi, they might give up...

"No..."

"Ryo-Ohki?"

"Mrow?"

"Do you get the feeling we aren't where we were
anymore?"

"Miaow!"

"I thought so. Washu! Ayeka! Are you there? Ryo-Ohki,
go find them! I'm scared, and I want to go home, but
we need a guard..."

"Mrowmrow!" Ryo-Ohki scampered off.

They were heading for a large door when the darkness
came. It swirled around them, then took off for the
doors.

"Sasami!" everyone yelled. Suddenly Tenchi drew the
dagger he had grabbed as they left, missing his sword
sorely. He glared at the cloaked man who had appeared
before them.

"Who are you?"

"Mahano. You wish to fight?" The demon shot forward,
bringing his long broadsword down on Tenchi's dagger.

"Girls, get out of here! Find Kiyone! If--when--I win,
I'll go help Sasami!"

Ayeka and Ryoko both opened their mouths in protest,
but Washu hurried them along. "Kiyone is probably in
more trouble," she reminded them.

"I dunno 'bout that," Mihoshi said worriedly.

The other women shook their heads and went on. They
owed their lives to Kiyone; it was she who had killed
that monster two weeks before.

Kiyone hugged her knees to her chest. It was cold, and
getting colder by the minute. She saw and felt
darkness sweep past. Tenchi fought it; the others
moved on, still in the wrong direction. Tenchi
vanished. His presence had been comforting.
The darkness was back. It wrapped around the
blue-haired girl, taking her deeper. She screamed out
at her friends, meaningless but one word: "MIHOSHI!"

Then she lost awareness altogether.

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi shouted suddenly. "Kiyone, where are
you?"

"What--"

"I heard her! I heard her call my name! She's scared,
she's so frightened of whatever has her!"

Washu, Ayeka, and Ryoko looked at each other.
Something had Kiyone? The darkness, maybe? It had been
ten minutes, and no sign of the missing members of the
team.

Ayeka gulped and felt around with the few psychic
powers she possessed. "Sasami's gone. Ryo-Ohki and
Tenchi too. It was the darkness." She felt further.
"Kiyone's in the other direction, but there are six
guards. If we each take one and lose, we would never
get to her." She reached as deep as she could force
herself to go. "There is an alternate route, which
would take us past three of the six. That would leave
one person to get Kiyone."

Mihoshi sighed. "It better be me, hadn't it? You three
have SOME experience--I don't. I can, however, slip
past things unnoticed, and pick locks, and aim and
shoot, and other things, much as Kiyone thinks I
can't. I have a revolver with me."

"Mihoshi it is, then," Washu said, still looking
doubtful.

"Sasami!"

The sky-blue-haired girl threw herself into Tenchi's
arms. "Oh, Tenchi, I was scared we were alone! Good
job, Ryo-Ohki!"

"In a way, we are. That dark thing--it took me. We
aren't in Panoko anymore. We have to find our way
back."

Sasami began to cry softly. This was not the miracle
she had wished for. Tenchi couldn't make everything
better.

They were trapped here forever.

"If you TOUCH my Tenchi, or THINK about touching my
Tenchi--"

"Nothing makes that girl fight better than Tenchi,"
Ryoko remarked. A little motivation, and they had left
Ayeka calling down curses on the first guard. Now they
walked down a passage lined with mirrors.

"OW!"

"Dang it!"

"Stop banging into me!"

"I thought you were a reflection!"

The cries from behind were enough to wake the dead.
Ryoko flew back and slapped Washu and Mihoshi. "Shush
your mouth, Mihoshi! As for you, Washu, get out in
front. I should be last to fight, y'know, since I'm
most powerful."

Washu reached with her mind, connected with Ayeka's--a
trick she had learned two months before--and felt.
There, up ahead lay the guard. "You two get down that
passage. He looks sharp. You'll still get into that
room; he just won't see you. Then go straight through
the next room--it isn't really a guard, I don't know
WHAT it is. Mihoshi, your path is clear from there."
She ran ahead, not even realizing that somewhere
around 'I don't know WHAT it is' Ayeka's presence had
vanished...completely.

"You too, Ayeka?" Sasami said glumly as the older
female appeared.

"Washu will be next. Then Ryoko. Then, if at all,
Mihoshi and Kiyone." The princess sighed. "So this is
where you ended up."

"Feel for them," Tenchi suggested.

"Mrow! Mi miOW!" Ryo-Ohki said angrily, which
translated to, "I'm hungry! Give me some carrots!"

Ayeka ignored him and turned to her power. A map had
overlaid Panoko; she searched it and saw Washu tumble
in out of nowhere. Moving her inner vision, she found
Panoko--distorted and ruined.

"I think we're in trouble..."

"That was TOO easy," Ryoko said to Mihoshi as they
started down into the cellar. Ryoko had easily beaten
the guard--which turned out to be an obstacle course
that she fluttered right through. Mihoshi followed,
pure luck allowing her through.

Suddenly a stair shifted. The two women stared at each
other, then ducked. Even so, Ryoko landed on the other
side of the barrier.

"Somethin's wrong, I can't get through!" Ryoko yelled.
Mihoshi paled. Kiyone was counting on her now...

~It's all up to me now. I can give up, or I can go on.
I must. This isn't easy...~ The floor moved beneath
her.

~My partner needs me. The one time she can't help
herself, I deserted her. I owe Kiyone my life. We all
do. Everyone is counting on me. Not just Kiyone.~ A
cracking noise accompanied the earthquake this time.

~I have to do it. I must. If I don't Kiyone will die.
This is my chance.~ This time, as the ground split,
Mihoshi was ready. In one of her better moves, she
flipped away and landed at the bottom of the
staircase.

"Mihoshi--" Ryoko's voice was choked. The blond ran up
the stairs. "Mihoshi, I can't move my leg, and I think
someone is coming..."

Mihoshi gasped. Thinking was not her strong point!
Then she remembered Kiyone's words several weeks
before: "These bullets can tear through rock. They are
expensive, and they are MINE. DO NOT TOUCH THEM."

Needless to say, six of the special bullets rested in
the revolver.

Mihoshi raised her gun and fired three bullets. The
first two tore through the wall and hit nothing. The
third smashed the wall beyond. Another one brought it
crashing down.

"Now grab one of the rocks and chip away, I have to
get to Kiyone!" She raced back down the stairs.

Kiyone had given up on her friends when she felt
someone gently shake her. The darkness had ripped
through her mind, tearing through all the good
memories. She shook her head. The shaking persisted.

"Please, Kiyone, don't be dead..."

She nearly choked as she realized what the other
already knew--she wasn't even breathing anymore. She
pressed down on her lungs. ~Inhale, exhale,~ she
reminded them. ~C'mon. Inhale, exhale, inhale,
exhale...breathe, darn it! Look at me, telling myself
to--~

She was jolted out of any thoughts as a rush of air
flowed through her lungs. They hadn't remembered how
on their own; the rescuer had shown them. Kiyone
coughed as her vision cleared.

"Thank you," she heard someone say in a relieved tone.
A flash of pale blue eyes, a lock of blond hair...

"Mi...Mihoshi..."

Kiyone felt relief flood her body. She moaned and flew
into her partner's arms. "You DO have brains," she
whispered. "Oh--I'm so sorry...oh, Mihoshi!"

"Come on, Kiyone. Let's go home."

"Where are the others?"

Ryoko's still angry voice floated to them from
somewhere above. "I could use a little bit of help
here! And the others are gone--vanished right out of
this world."

The Galaxy Police agents looked at each other and ran
up the stairs to free Ryoko.

"I believe I told you idiots to get rid of all of
them!" she snapped angrily. "There are three left,
three miserable little brats! Why must I be the only
one of the Cassara with any brains?"

"Because you are our leader," the demon said humbly.

"You think that I do not know this fact?" She stood up
and waved her hands. "There. They are all together on
Alternya. Now they will meet the wrath of Star, leader
of the Cassara!"

"Ryoko! Mihoshi! KIYONE!"

Sasami flew into Kiyone's arms. "Oh, we were so
WORRIED, can we go home now?"

"This isn't Earth," Ryoko hissed. "I think--it's
Alternya."

"Which is?" Ayeka prompted.

"Alternya is an alternate reality. There is no way to
get back to Earth except for the one who brought you
here."

"So who brought us here?" Tenchi asked quietly.

Star sighed and kicked a drunk guard out of her way.
Of the four creatures following her, she could trust
only one. And what if her magic wasn't enough to stop
them?

~Nonsense,~ she thought fiercely. ~My magic is fine.
Anyway, Diamond will never fail me. I am the leader of
the Cassara, after all.~

Her essence, what kept her who she was even through
the Cassara's evil, replied, ~Yes. STAR is the leader.
But you are not yourself any longer, and Diamond knows
it. She--and I--will do anything to get you back. And
destroy the Cassara in the process.~

"Kiyone, something is wrong, and if you won't tell us
what it is, we will leave you behind!" Washu said in
one of her rare angry tones. Kiyone and everyone else
stopped short to face the mad scientist, who was
extremely mad right now.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Kiyone said
through gritted teeth.

"Oh, yes, you do! You are limping and you are lagging
behind and you have blood on your leg!"

Kiyone blushed and looked at her blood-soaked uniform.
"Sounds like you already know what's wrong, and
besides, I-AM-FINE."

Washu shook her head angrily and strode onwards. After
careful deliberation, they had decided to go to the
large chapel area of the Alternya version of Panoko,
in hopes that whatever higher being was worshipped
there would give them a hand.

"She's right, you know," Ryoko said gently. Kiyone bit
her lip. "If you don't let us help you, it's likely
you won't make it. We HAVE to battle, so we can get
back."

"Not like I have anything to go back to, not with
Mihoshi as my partner," Kiyone said grimly.

"She's smart. She saved my life AND yours."

"She was useless in that battle with that thing two
weeks ago."

Ryoko sighed. "You saved her life then; she saved your
life today. You two are even." The space pirate
grinned as a fireball formed in one hand. "If you say
one more word about it, I'll blast you and you'll
NEVER be able to get promoted."

Kiyone shook her head angrily and hurried on, trying
in vain to hide her limp.

Diamond yawned, showing sharp fangs. Star clamped one
hand down on her pet's head and held the other three
back with the other. "Diamond, SHH! That one woman is
with them--" She grinned-- "the one that's almost
sane. She beat your brother, let us not forget."

~Oh, yes, and he was a useless creature anyway.~
Diamond glared at her master. ~Star, the Essence is
right! Listen to it, would you?! But if you won't, I
shall fight at your side. We all will.~

"You have to," the human muttered.

~Well!~ Ruby said angrily. ~You seem to think that you
can just wave your hand and POOF, bye-bye Cassara.
That isn't true!~

~There's a reason you don't keep a lightning fighter,
isn't there?~ Sapphire asked. ~So we can't combine
elements and bring the REAL Star back!~

Pain seared through Sapphire and Ruby's bodies. They
screamed out in pain. Star clenched her fist, and the
ache vanished. "I would suggest you pay more attention
to what I want in the future," she said. Flame struck
out at Emerald. "Don't you dare say anything, either!
I could kill you all if I felt like it!"

~Yes, Master,~ Emerald said humbly.

Sapphire, easily the most rebellious water fighter in
Star's army, lashed out at her master. Star grit her
teeth and said nothing as her friend's claws tore into
her arm. She waved already numb fingers and made
Sapphire cry out again.

"Do NOT defy me," the human said grimly, putting a
touch of will into her command. Sapphire bowed,
shaking and whimpering.

Sasami moved closer to Ayeka as an unearthly shriek
filled the air. Tenchi grabbed at his dagger as a
fireball appeared in Ryoko's hand. Mihoshi raised her
gun when she saw Kiyone raise hers. "Who's there?"
Washu called out, feeling defenseless without her
inventions.

"Meow," Ryo-Ohki said sadly. Someone was being hurt.

Kiyone's torn leg trembled and threatened to give way
altogether. ~Stop it!~ the woman ordered angrily. ~You
can't show the others that you're hurting!~

Ayeka narrowed her eyes as another scream ripped the
air. "The poor creature," she whispered. "We must help
it!"

Kiyone shuddered. Something here felt downright wrong.
~I must be losing blood,~ she realized. ~Oh well.
We'll be home s-soon...and then...~

She never finished the thought. Darkness pulled at
her, welcoming her. She shivered as her leg quivered.
She collapsed, but before anyone noticed and dragged
her out of harm's way, a bolt of black lightning shot
down and stole her away.

"Kiyone." The voice sounded evil, yet somehow
relaxing. Kiyone opened her eyes and instantly saw an
almost-identical replica of her monster. It came up to
her waist, a white cat-like creature with long ears
and tail. Amethyst-colored eyes were slanted in
warning. A shimmering white gem glowed on its
forehead. Kiyone shuddered as it turned its gaze away
from her blue eyes and looked at her torn leg. It
muttered a sad note and turned to another thing.

This one was a blue cat with a mermaid's tail instead
of its own and its back legs. Large black eyes looked
out from under deep blue fur. The indigo gem on its
tail flickered, then glowed. Kiyone looked away. When
she turned back, it shook its head and looked at
another one.

This was all red. It wasn't a cat, but a dog with a
cat's lashing tail. The red jewel on it had stationed
itself on the right forepaw. Dark scarlet eyes looked
the human over, then saddened.

The last one walked forward and sat at her feet. She
noted then that she was tied to a wall in what looked
a lot like Washu's lab. This one was green and had an
emerald at the tip of a tail. There were three tails
in all, more like vines. Deep blue eyes glanced up at
her. She caught and held this one's gaze.

Whether she somehow sensed that it could help her or
whether she simply wanted to see its eyes, no one ever
knew. Its eyes lit up, and it rubbed up against her
leg. She instantly felt her skin grow back together.
It squealed in pleasure.

"Truly, I should have been terrified if ONE of them
hadn't been able to do it," the evil voice whispered.
"Though I thought it would be my Sapphire..."

Kiyone stared in shock at the girl that appeared
before her, hands on hips. She was no more than
fifteen, obviously, and wearing a uniform with a dark
black sign imprinted on the chest. Her hair swept to
her waist, a rich blue color. She grinned. "Little
Kiyone. First class officer of the Galaxy Police. Not
anymore, dove."

"Who are you?" Kiyone asked. She got a nasty surprise
when her captor held up her own gun and fired an
experimental shot.

"Hmm. Good gun, misfit. I am Star, the leader of the
Cassara, an evil organization that intends to take
over the galaxy. And YOU will not stop me."

Kiyone was blunt. "You're a child."

Star's rich black eyes snapped. "Never call me a
child," she hissed. She fired at Sapphire, who
shrieked with rage and pain. "I'm still paying her
back for what she did to me." Kiyone saw then bandages
wrapped loosely around Star's arm. A wave of what
Mihoshi called duty's calling swept over Kiyone.

"I could get those bandages on right for you," she
said. Biting her lip, she added, "I owe you for
what..."

"Emerald."

"Emerald did for me."

Star's eyes narrowed. "I refuse to place any trust in
my captives. What? Oh, Ruby, don't be such an idiot.
Of course we can't trust her. She probably has more
weapons. Yes, Diamond, I KNOW that the darkness tried
to defeat her and take her weapons. It failed, didn't
it? And you--" She glared at Sapphire-- "NEVER
interrupt your master." Lightning lanced from her
pointed finger at the blue creature. Then the girl
disappeared, taking Ruby with her.

"Finally!" Sapphire said. "I thought she'd never
leave."

"You can talk?!" Kiyone gasped.

"Yeah. We speak mind-to-mind with Star. She doesn't
know we can communicate with other humans."

Kiyone saw the pain flickering in Sapphire's eyes.
"Let me down, I can probably help you out."

"Star never lets us free captives," Emerald said
doubtfully.

Diamond snarled. "Forget her! She is not my faithful
mage-child of a master! I vowed to be loyal to her,
but now I vow to be loyal to Kiyone as well."

Mihoshi buried her face in her hands. Kiyone was gone,
and there were some sort of enchantments around Ayeka.
She couldn't find their way, or find Kiyone.

Tenchi shivered. "Something isn't right about this
place."

"I can't go through ANY of the walls!" Ryoko said
angrily, rubbing her nose.

Washu sighed, then stiffened as a scream reached their
ears. They looked at each other, then ran into the
large room just ahead.

"I see my ruse worked," Star said calmly as they
gathered. A wave of her hand locked the doors behind
them.

"MEOW!" Ryo-Ohki shrieked. That translated to, "We're
in trouble now!"

Kiyone felt pain tear at her already tenuous hold on
reality. She screamed once, then again. Emerald cursed
as what felt like a whip ripped the woman's leg up
once again. Before he could do anything, Star snatched
her prisoner from that room.

Diamond swore angrily. She, Sapphire, and Emerald ran
from the room, knowing exactly where they were headed.

Sasami didn't know whether to be glad or horrified
when Kiyone appeared. The older woman trembled, then
collapsed. With a snap of Star's fingers, she floated
into the air and hung there. A fresh cut adorned her
cheek, and her leg seemed to be bleeding as though
newly cut.

"Kiyone!" Tenchi shouted. He brandished the dagger.
"You let her go!"

Kiyone glanced up at him, blue eyes filled with pain.
"Don't!" she pleaded. "Don't make Ruby--"

As if on cue, the dog leaped out of nowhere and
tackled Ryoko, who screamed once and threw him off.
Kiyone's eyes teared up as Ruby landed on her back,
eyes shining with a red fire. "Stop it!" she screamed,
throwing all her will into the short command.

Ruby sat up and looked to Kiyone.

Star cursed. "Ruby! I command you to flame this
ignorant pirate!"

The dog shivered and whirled, flames shooting from his
mouth. "RUBY!" Kiyone screamed out. She was rewarded
with a lash of fire on her back.

"Shut your mouth!" Star commanded, dark eyes gleaming.
"That is, unless you LIKE the pain. Do you like it?
Diamond, NO!"

Diamond growled. ~Stop it, Star! The Cassara isn't
worth the pain of these people!~

Star forced her will deep onto Diamond. Kiyone
struggled to throw off the whip-like feeling and call
Diamond to HER.

It didn't work.

Ayeka cried out in pain as Diamond's claws tore into
her back. Ruby's flames grazed Ryoko's side. Emerald
appeared and lashed Washu with three tails at once.
When Sapphire appeared and prepared to strike Sasami
with her fins, Kiyone had definitely had ENOUGH.

"STOP IT!"

She was rewarded with a blast of lightning energy and
all four looking up at her. She breathed a sigh of
relief that turned into a shriek as more lightning
tore into her body.

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried. Tenchi grabbed her arms and
held her back as Star electrocuted her partner again
and again. By the time she decided Kiyone had had
enough, the elder looked as though she had been
through a furnace--several times.

Diamond growled and leapt at her master. Star flung
the cat off with her good arm. Emerald and Sapphire
attacked at the same time, but also failed. Ruby,
however, slashed at Star's already injured arm. The
girl bit back a scream.

Meanwhile, her enemies were joined in a tight circle,
muttering and casting occasional glances at Star and
Kiyone. Finally, they broke apart, setting themselves
in strategic positions.

By this time, Diamond, Ruby, Sapphire, and Emerald
were back in Star's control. This time around,
however, Tenchi's gang had a plan.

Emerald leaped at Sasami. Ryoko was there, and fired
at the creature. Sapphire also failed against Tenchi
as Ayeka brought up a force field. The mer-cat smashed
into it and fell back, colliding with Emerald. They
collapsed and lay still.

Ruby also failed, though Ryo-Ohki was so much smaller.
Washu kicked the dog away and then watched, satisfied,
as Ryoko called down her fire.

Kiyone looked from her other friends to Mihoshi...and
promptly gasped. The bubblehead had drawn her revolver
and had it pointed at Diamond.

Without thinking, Kiyone drew her extra pistol.
Everyone looked up as she cried, "Don't you DARE hurt
her, Mihoshi!"

For all of one second, the pistol was aimed
point-blank at Mihoshi's chest.

The blond woman slowly pried her fingers away from her
gun, which fell to the floor. Kiyone was shaking; what
was she doing? She slipped the pistol back into her
pocket, eyes locked with Mihoshi.

Mihoshi knew what a good shot Kiyone was. She also
knew that the other never hesitated in a battle, and
that she had been looking at death. What the girl
couldn't understand was why, why Kiyone would think
about doing something so terrible.

Suddenly action exploded in the room. Tenchi ran away
from Ayeka as Sapphire got to her feet. Dagger in
hand, he dashed toward Star. Mihoshi picked up her gun
and leveled it with Star. In fact, each and every
human in the room had something aimed at the leader of
the Cassara.

Kiyone didn't know WHAT she was doing as she mentally
called out to Star. ~Star! Ayeka does force fields;
her weakness is Tenchi. Same with Ryoko! As for
Tenchi, he's powerless without a weapon. Mihoshi is a
bubblebrain, believe me; just unarm her. Washu is a
genius; get a field of magic around her or something
to that effect! Sasami has nothing, but Ryo-Ohki can
turn into a battleship or a monster at will.~

~Thank you,~ Star responded, sounding surprised.
Kiyone winced as the younger female called out to her
minions. ~Diamond, Sapphire, attack! Ruby,
Emerald--reinforcements, and hurry! As for you,
Opaladra, assume battle position defense, now!~

Opaladra appeared to be the shield that instantly
flickered into place around Star. Kiyone gritted her
teeth as Diamond and Sapphire simultaneously leapt at
Ryo-Ohki. Something shimmered behind Ruby and Emerald
as they silently shouted in another language. A jolt
of terror ran through Kiyone as dozens of animal-like
monsters erupted from the hole. She aimed and fired at
the first; it fell. She smiled grimly. Another beast
met the same fate.

The pistol clattered to the ground. Kiyone screamed as
Star angrily slammed fire at her. ~And just when I
thought you were on my side, too!~

Ruby was down, hit in the side by Mihoshi's revolver.
Emerald fell to Ryoko. Tenchi and a battered-looking
Ryo-Ohki converged on Sapphire. The others took on the
monsters. Diamond looked confused. Who was her master?

"HALT!"
Everyone stopped fighting at Star's command. A smile
twisted her face. "Diamond, take all but Dikoshii's
group back to headquarters. I have a plan now." All
but seven creatures vanished. Kiyone bit her lip;
these were the same species as Diamond.

"So, you pathetic humans thought you could stop me."
Star idly waved her good hand at Kiyone, who cried out
as an invisible whip lashed her back. Diamond jumped
forward and sank her teeth into the detective's arm.
Sapphire struggled up and clawed at Kiyone as Emerald
whipped the woman with her tail. Ruby idly shot flames
from where she lay. "See that? That will happen every
time you try to defeat me. Surrender now!"

"Not until you promise to give Kiyone back." Mihoshi
had a fresh cut on her cheek. Her hair was in
disarray.

"Yeah! We fight together or not at all!" Sasami cried.
Her left arm hung at her side, useless.

"Kiyone is our friend, and we would fight to the death
for her," Tenchi called. He balanced on one leg, the
other ankle sprained.

"Exactly, Tenchi," Ryoko added. Blood spread across
her side.

Ayeka smiled. "For once, the two of us agree." She was
on her knees, weakened by Star's attempts to break her
shields.

"Meow!" Ryo-Ohki agreed, scratched up from head to
toe.

Washu nodded through a split lip and a black eye.

Star waved a hand at Kiyone, who dropped to the floor
and instantly collapsed. Suddenly Diamond shook her
head in amazement. Her master was STAR. Not this
person, who threw her evil will into every word she
spoke; not Kiyone, who, though kind and understanding,
was no more than a friend. And no matter what, Diamond
was going to get her master back.

~Kiyone, will you help me?~ she asked.

~In what?~

~I aim to get my REAL master back from this evil, but
I need help.~

~Of course, if it will save my friends.~

~Don't rush into this! You have to understand--if Star
finds out what we're doing, she will kill us! And just
going near the Essence is grounds for death! We might
save Star, but lose ourselves in the process.~

~I don't care.~

Diamond sighed. She reached into Kiyone, taking the
girl with her as she plunged into a ball of copper
fire. The Essence immediately felt them coming, and
reached out to help. Then the ever-so-familiar
darkness swirled around Kiyone, drawing her away...

The cat growled. Her gem glowed; the darkness
disintegrated. "Now comes the hard part," she said to
Kiyone. "Star knows we are here. Look, we have to get
rid of the darkness before the Essence will go free.
Any ideas?"

Kiyone shrugged. Suddenly an idea flashed through her
mind. "Diamond, hold back. When the darkness comes to
grab me, get rid of it completely. It won't be
expecting us that way."

"But my jewel can't tell between good and evil! You
might die!"

"I don't care anymore! If I go back Star will kill me
anyway! We came this far. Let's finish what we set out
to do."

The woman threw herself toward the Essence. Almost
instantly, a wave of darkness slammed her
head-over-heels. White-hot fire shot through her body.
She screamed once; then everything went blissfully
black as Diamond shot a desperate blast at the
darkness. Star's essence sprang free, rushing out to
its body. Kiyone crumpled into a heap, not feeling it
when Diamond took her back.

Star fell to her knees, uttering an unearthly cry. Her
last reserves fell away, back to wherever they had
come from. Emerald sat up, followed by Ruby. Sapphire
moaned pitifully.

Diamond's eyes opened. "That's that, then," she said
gratefully. "My master, are you all right?"

"I can't tell if I won or lost, Di, but I think...I
think everything will be okay now." She glanced up at
the older people standing before her. "Oh, I'm so
sorry. I didn't mean to do that--"

Sasami sensed that something had changed. "You'll let
Kiyone come back now?"

The older girl tried to stand and failed. Ryoko flew
forward to help the girl to her feet. "Take it easy,"
the space pirate whispered. "You can come back to the
shrine and rest for a while."

Diamond sighed. "She can't let Kiyone come back. My
mage-child, she is the one who saved you, but I highly
doubt she can make it anymore. Not after such an
encounter."

Star set her jaw. "She WILL get better, or I will know
why." Her good hand moved feebly, and Kiyone floated
into the air. Leaning on Ryoko, Star held her rescuer
in the air as the whole group moved out, Mihoshi
failing miserably to hide her tears.