Tenchi Muyo: Accelerator! Prologue 1: Changes, joy and love.

----------------------------------------------------

"This is your life, how you choose to live it is entirely up to you."
		-unknown

----------------------------------------------------

Ryoko sat in her chair, looking into the mirror before her.

She found it hard to believe how much time had passed. Five years! It amazed her 
completely. Tenchi was now graduated, Ayeka was empress of the Jurai, Yosho and 
Washu seemed to be on more-than-good terms, and her own Grandmother and 
Grandfather had been revealed to her! She had a real family! She loved everyone 
here dearly, even Mihoshi, Kiyone and Ayeka. Furthermore, she was on great terms 
with Azusa, of all things. Just how much her life had changed in these past few 
years shocked her. Yet today would be the biggest change of all.

She shook the thoughts from her head, and tried to suppress the nervousness that 
was so overwhelming. Taking the brush, she applied the lipstick to her lips, 
careful to make it as perfect as she could. The redness was so brilliant.

The red.

A memory surfaced, so vividly in her mind it was almost real. She saw the roses. 
The petals falling to the desk as she opened the envelope, their scent strong 
and as brilliant as the blood-red color they posessed. The note written to her, 
saying simply: "We will see you soon."

That memory was the day she truly began to realize something: she was not alone.

No one is ever alone, she knew this now. All life was sacred, and love was 
always there for those who needed it. She thought of her Grandmother, her 
brilliant red hair, just as red as the roses, looking at her with nothing but 
love. She felt like she was wanted, needed, loved. She knew it was true.

Standing up, she adjusted her Kimono. Making sure the garment was properly set, 
she looked into the mirror. Looking herself over, she noticed how she looked. As 
the years had passed, she had not aged in the slightest, yet she seemed 
different. She felt it inside as well, like she was growing up all too quickly. 
The thought struck her as ironic, for she knew that this change was something 
she had dreamt of for so very long. Her life would now be so different, so 
changed, that it made her nervous to think about it.

Yet her heart overflowed with joy.

No more loneliness. No more emptiness. Someone was there for her now.

She remembered the day it happened, the sun shining, the birds singing and the 
cherry blossoms brilliant in the noonday sun. They had been having a picnic and 
after eating they had lain down together and relaxed. No words had been said 
until he asked her the question she never thought she would hear.

-- --

"Ryoko," he said.

"Hmm?" she muttered as she looked into his eyes.

"How long are you going to stay here?"

"You know the answer to that. I'll be with you always, wherever you are."

"Then...uhm..."

Ryoko sat up. She had never seen him so speechless. His face became red, his 
eyes were darting around and the omnipresent itch on the back of his head made 
itself known once again.

"What is it my love?"

"Ryoko, will you marry me?"

Sitting there, she was speechless. Completely. She sat looking into his eyes, 
pure love flowing between their souls.

Only one word was said.

"Yes."

-- --

The vivid memory having just left, she let herself distort space slightly and 
move, reappearing at the top of the shrine steps. Washu stood and looked at her, 
love for her only daughter overflowing in her eyes. Taking her mothers arm, 
walking down the aisle, she didn't notice all the guests looking at her with 
awe, respect and love. She didn't hear the music playing, didn't see the sun 
looking down from its place in the sky. She walked towards the altar, only one 
person the focus of her eyes.

Looking into his eyes, she could hear Yosho speak the vows. She spoke her part 
without hesitation, almost like she was in a dream. Yet it was real. It was 
*real*.

Then she heard the words she had waited to hear for so long.

"I now pronounce you, Tenchi Masaki, and you, Ryoko Masaki, husband and wife."

She kissed him with all her heart, his own emotions flowing with her own so 
strongly through their souls, their hearts singing in joyous song. The guests 
were clapping, Washu was crying her eyes out, Ayeka cheering her lungs out, and 
all the others looking on with joy. Yet standing out the most from them all, her 
grandparents stood, tears in their eyes, seeing this joyful union.

Ryoko Hakubi was now Ryoko Masaki, forever to live with her love, Tenchi Masaki.

-- --

"There is none other,
	beautiful sun.
They may burn bright,
	but you are one.

Not the many,
	scattered to the heavens,
You are the one,
	for whom my love never ends."

----------------------------------------------------

The sun rose above eternity, the rays shining down, illuminating all the worlds 
it saw. It stood as an eternal sign, that no matter who you are, no matter where 
you are, you are not alone.

Love is always there for you.

----------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters created by AIC and Pioneer. I do 
own those I created myself, and they are Copyrighted 2001, all rights reserved, 
but they are only derivative characters from Tenchi Muyo. As such, permission 
from me is required to be able to use any of my characters for any purpose at 
all, as well as creating stories led off from this one. This is only the 
beginning of the series "Tenchi Muyo: Accelerator". Look out for more from me.

Besides, there is no point in suing me cuz I have no money.

Thanks and send comments to keith@daegon.com, hate mail to the complaints 
department of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation, 443 Sunset Way, Sunset Row, 
Planet Sirius, Sirius System, Section ZZ9 Plural Zeta R, Milky Way. Or get 
updates at http://www.daegon.com
