Achika and Nobiyuki-Chapter 1:Meeting Each Other


"Dad! I'm off to school!" Achika called, waving at her father. She walked to the 
bus stop and waited. She waited and waited until it finally came.

	She got on the bus and sat next to her friend. She smiled at her and then 
examined the bus to see new people on the first day of high school. She spotted 
a boy. He had glasses, round as a pie. She looked at him and turned away.

	The bus arrived at her high school. She went to her homeroom to take a 
seat. When they came in, Nobiyuki saw Achika. He looked at her, seeing a young 
girl, sitting down near him. He looked at her hair closely, seeing it was not 
brown, but black just like his. 

"Hey Nobiyuki! What are you staring at?" Nobiyuki's friend called, sitting down 
between Achika and Nobiyuki.

"Oh nothing!" Nobiyuki said, rubbing his head. He looked at the girl, wondering 
what her name can be. The teacher walked in, carrying a handful of books. 
Everybody moaned. 

"Welcome class. I would like you to say your name as I go down the row!" The 
teacher said, walking to the first row where Achika was sitting. Achika waited 
and finally, it was her turn.

"Achika Masaki!" Achika said sitting back down, waiting to see Nobiyuki's turn.
It was finally Nobiyuki's turn.

"Nobiyuki!" Nobiyuki said watching Achika. 

"So, his name is Nobiyuki!" Achika whispered as Nobiyuki whispered the same 
thing except instead of saying his name, he replaced it with Achika's.

	It was time to go home and Achika walked to the bus stop. She sat down and 
thought about Nobiyuki. She waited until the bus came and got on.

	She sat next to Nobiyuki, seeing that all of her friends were gone. She 
blushed as she sat down next to him. Nobiyuki also blushed as Achika neared him. 
Achika put her head to the seat, falling asleep. 

	Achika woke up, feeling dizzy. She got off the bus with Nobiyuki helping 
her walk home. She looked at him, not seeing a perfect image of Nobiyuki because 
of all the dizziness. She saw his glasses and shut her eyes.

"Achika! Wake up!" Achika's father said, seeing her eyes open. 

"How did I get back home?" Achika asked, looking around.

"A young man helped you walk home...I don't remember his name though..." 

"Okay dad."

	The next morning, Achika sat where she had sat with Nobiyuki the other 
day. Nobiyuki got on the bus, sitting next to Achika. 

"Hi Nobiyuki." Achika said blushing.

"Hi...You had a fever last time..."

"Thanks..."

"Welcome."

	The bus arrived at school, its passengers getting off. Achika and Nobiyuki 
seemed to have known that they liked each other by ALWAYS sitting together on 
the bus. They looked at each other in class, smiling every time. 

	Time seemed to have flown by fast because school was over for the day. 
Achika got on the bus, looking for Nobiyuki. She figured he was not on yet, 
sitting at an empty seat. Nobiyuki came, sitting next to Achika again.

	Achika got off the bus and walked back home. She took off her uniform and 
put on pants, a shirt, and her apron for cooking. She cooked very good, getting 
compliments from her father that she should be a chef when she grows up. She 
disagreed and said that she wanted to be a bride.
	
	The next day, she finally told her friends she DIDN'T want to be anything 
they said. She told them she wanted to be a bride. Nobiyuki heard and blushed. 
Achika went to her seat as the teacher came in to her desk. She took a seat and 
then wrote on the board.

"Today, you will read about a princess..."The teacher said. Everybody moaned and 
groaned. The teacher didn't listen and said the page numbers to read. Achika 
sighed and started reading the book. Nobiyuki looked at her a sighed just as 
Achika did. They read ALL day, finishing the book right before school ended.

	Achika got on the bus, lonely because Nobiyuki was getting a ride home 
from his parents. Achika's friend saw and went to sit next to her. Achika smiled 
and looked out the window. 

	The bus arrived near her house. She got off and started walking home.

"Why such a lonely face Achika?" Her father asked.

"Oh nothing. I was just bored on the bus..."

"You never were until the boy you met named Nobiyuki always sat next to you."

"He got home from his parents."

"Do you like him?"

"How did you know?" 

"Experience! I got married to your mom didn't I?" Achika sighed at her father's 
joke and started cooking. 

	School started the next day, Achika still bored from yesterday. Nobiyuki 
walked up to her and said, "Sorry I couldn't go on the bus yesterday..." Achika 
smiled and looked at the board. She looked at the assignment and sighed. 
Nobiyuki sighed. Achika managed to talk because she asked Nobiyuki something.

"Nobiyuki? Um...How come you weren't on the bus?"

"I had to get my glasses fixed..." Achika smiled and then worked on the 
assignment.

	The day was over and Achika followed Nobiyuki to the hills. She spied him 
carefully, wondering what he was doing with his sketchbook. He got out a pencil 
and started sketching what seemed like a house to Achika. Achika walked up to 
Nobiyuki, and sat next to him. 

"What are drawing Nobiyuki?" Achika asked.

"My house that I wish to build..."

"Oh! Let me see!" Achika snatched the book out of his hands and looked at it. 
Nobiyuki tried to get it back, but Achika turned away so he wouldn't get it.

"You should add a window..." Achika muttered.

"Where?" Nobiyuki asked. Achika grabbed his pencil and added the window on the 
roof.

"You sure have a lot of taste Achika!"

"Really? Thanks! Well, I better be going now..." Achika said walking away to the 
bus stop.

	She arrived at home, her father sitting at the table. He looked at her and 
said, "What took you?" Achika looked at him.

"I went out to the hills with my friend."

"Okay." Achika went to the stove to cook. Then she got up, and went to her room 
to sleep.

	The next day, Achika arrived at school lonesome. She was lonely because 
Nobiyuki was absent today. She sighed as she saw Nobiyuki's seat empty. 

	Achika's friend noticed something wrong with Achika so she went up to her. 
"Achika? I never saw you like this before. Is something wrong? Do you need 
something? I'll get it for you." Her friend said.

"Yeah, I need something...But please, don't laugh at this...I like Nobiyuki and 
when he's gone, I have nothing to do."

"Did you know, when I said my cousin was coming here, I never told you his name, 
but here's his name, Nobiyuki Masaki. He's just going to be late. See, he's at 
the door now!"

"Thanks!" As Achika's friend said, Nobiyuki was at the door and went to his 
seat. He smiled at Achika and then sat down. Achika smiled back. Then she walked 
up to her friend and said, "Should I tell him the truth?"

"If you want, well, actually, yes you should. But, do it when you're ready for 
it. You don't have to do it now. I'll go tell him he can be late." Achika's 
friend walked up and told Nobiyuki. Nobiyuki nodded. Achika sighed and rubbed 
her head.

"What did I get myself into?" She whispered.

	School was over and Achika went over to the seat where Nobiyuki was.

"Nobiyuki?" Achika asked.

"Yeah?"

"I just wanted to tell you...I...well...like you..." Nobiyuki blushed. He looked 
out the window and sighed. 

"I do too..." Achika's friend was close by and smiled. Achika sighed and got off 
the bus when it came to a stop.

"See ya Nobiyuki!" Achika waved and walked to her house.

	She went inside to find her mother and father in the kitchen this time. 

"Achika, we are thinking it is time for you to marry soon, are you having any 
emotions for a boy?" Her parents asked. Achika did not like lying to her beloved 
parents.

"Yeah, I do. The boy I have emotional feelings for told me he likes me..."

"Achika, when you are ready, tell us and we will get you a church that will get 
you two married!"

"Okay!"

	The next day, Achika looked at Nobiyuki and her eyes were twitching. She 
looked at him and saw he was very mad at some boys in the class. 

"Nobiyuki, what's wrong?"

"Oh nothing. Just good for nothings bothering me."

"Okay. If you're having a fight, I'll be happy to beat them at my house" 

"Okay! Go ahead. Invite them!" Achika nodded and walked over to the 'good for 
nothings'.

"Hey! You! Come to my house! I'll give you a surprise!" The boys agreed.

	The school day was over and the boys followed Nobiyuki to her house. 
Achika had her sword and started to position. The boys sneered as she ran toward 
them, sword swinging in the air.

"HIIIIIYYYAAA!!!" Achika said getting a scratch on each boy's cheek.

"Achika! What is going on?" Yosho, Achika's father, said walking out to her. 

"Just do-" Achika said as the boys sneered at her father. Yosho got the sword 
from Achika and gave them a bigger scratch then Achika's.

	The next day, Achika and Nobiyuki were holding hands to school. She looked 
at her friend behind her and smiled. She went inside the class to start working.

"Father, I think Nobiyuki and I are ready. I asked him and he nodded."

"Okay, I will tell your mother once she comes back from your Grandma's!" 

	A few days later, on a weekend, Achika's mother arrived.

"Mother, I'm ready."

"Really? Okay! I'll call the church!" Her mother walked out and smiled.

Disclaimer: These characters used in the story belong to AIC'S PIONEER 

 

















