What's This?  Ayeka's Dram Come True?
By Loose Juice (loosejuice@geocities.com)


Chapter Ichi

As Ayeka drops closer and closer to Tenchi's lips her heart beats 
exponentially faster, and faster. "Will this be the first time I kiss 
the lips of my dear Tenchi?" asks Ayeka to herself. Just as she is about 
to lock lips with Tenchi, Tenchi groans and slowly flips over onto his 
side. Ayeka, her weight completely on the bedsheets, is caught off 
guard, and loses balance and lands right on top of Tenchi. A loud thump 
and Tenchi wakes up. 

"Ayeka! What are you doing here?" says Tenchi. As Ayeka grimaces and 
gets up, 

"Umm, I just wanted to tell you that... dinner's ready!" after that 
Ayeka scurries down the stairs and disappears. 

"Dinner?" Tenchi asks to himself, "at three in the afternoon?" 


Chapter Ni

Outside, we can hear the rustling of leaves being swept by somebody. As 
we take a closer look we see it's First Detective Mihoshi. As she hums 
the theme of, "It's A Small World," to herself over and over again, 
Ayeka opens the door and sits down on the porch. 

"Hey there, Ayeka!" screams Mihoshi. "Oo.. you don't look so good, do 
you have a cold?" 

"Of course not! How could you think of such a silly thing!" exclaims 
Ayeka. 

Sniff, sniff... "I.. I was only trying to help...." yelps Mihoshi. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to snap like that, it's just that... I don't 
know... I know he.. and I.... well...." 

"DINNER'S READY!!" Sasami-chan yells. 


Chapter San

As everyone sits, floats whatever at the dinner table, all eyes are on 
Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko. "So... you two..." Ryoko starts. 

"Nothing happened if that's what you're asking for," Ayeka snaps back. 

"Oh.. okay, I guess that'll do for now," Ryoko says in a loush voice. 
Just as she finishes her sentence, a flash of electricty can be seen 
emitting from both of their foreheads. Tear drops immediately form from 
the blue on top of everyone elses heads. All Tenchi can do is look at 
his food and munch on it as quickly as he can. 


Chapter Yon

"I'm going to the carrot fields!" Tenchi yells. He then proceeds 
directly to the fields, where just as the days before, Ryo-Ohki follows 
him diligently. "So, how much do you think we should harvest today?" 

"Meeorrrow!!" exclaims Ryo-Ohki. He starts from the far end of the 
field, and starts to work on pulling out the carrots. One by one he puts 
them into his basket on his back. He doesn't know it, but one by one 
they are being eaten by greedy Ryo-Ohki. 

"Whew! I think I'll take a break now," Tenchi says. Just as he turns 
around to take a look at what Ryo-Ohki's doing, sweat begins to form on 
his brow, and he grabs Ryo-ohki by the back hairs. "Ryo..-Ohki... You 
know that the more you eat hear, the more I'm going to have to stay out 
here and pull out these carrots.... you do know that right?" Tenchi says 
in a menacing voice. 

"Mee...orr..ow.." Ryo-Ohki whines. 

"Okay, back to work!" Tenchi says. 

"Meeorrow!!" Ryo-Ohki exclaims. Another hour or so passes, and Tenchi 
finishes pulling out the carrots. And him and Ryo-Ohki head home. 

"Dang, this bag is really heavy!" Tenchi says to himself. All of a 
sudden the load lightens. "Thanks Ryo-Ohki, this is really saving my 
back!" 

"Meeorrow!" Ryo-Ohki says in a muffled voice. Pretty soon, Tenchi 
doesn't even have to walk anymore. They finally reach home, when Ryo-
Ohki quickly scurries inside the house. When Tenchi is putting the 
carrots away in the shack, he sees a familiar shadow behind him. 

"Ryoko... I know that's you," Tenchi says. 

"Oh! My darling, you know me so well that I don't have to say anything 
and you recognize me!" Ryoko says and then gives him a huge hug. Tenchi 
was carrying a basket, so the added weight of Ryoko on his back pushed 
him even more forward and causes him to crash into the shack and 
eventually onto the ground. 

"Geez, I'm always in this position lately," Tenchi thinks to himself. 
Tenchi thinks that Ryoko was going to let go because she usually doesn't 
let her clothes soil, but instead she just latched on more. "Umm... 
could you please let go, I'd like to get up," Tenchi says. 

"I kinda like this," Ryoko answers. There really isn't anything Tenchi 
can do so he just lays there. Ryoko, speechless on what she should do 
less also just lays there on top of Tenchi with arms still wrapped 
around him. Finally she gets up releasing Tenchi from her clutches. "I 
think the others are expecting you pretty soon," Ryoko says to Tenchi. 

"I think so too," Tenchi replies. 


Chapter Go

Tenchi stumbles into his room and to his surprise Ayeka is standing 
there. Her face is beet red and smoke seems to be emanating from her 
ears. Mihoshi then appears from the rafters and asks, "Are you sure that 
you don't have a cold?" 

"NO!!!!!!" Ayeka screams. She them stomps her ways across the room and 
right in front of Tenchi. "I saw everything... You... that Bakemono...." 

"What happened? I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about," 
Tenchi says with a hint of fear. 

"You know... in the shack...." Ayeka hints back. Tenchi slowly has made 
his way into the hallway hoping to have a chance for freedom by making a 
run for it. "And don't think that you can run away from this!" 

"Okay, okay, Ryoko sneaked behind me, grabbed me, and I tripped and fell 
onto the ground, that's it! I swear!" Tenchi pleads. 

"Well, it's not your fault so it's okay. But..." Ayeka stammers. She 
then walks out of the room in a fit of rage with smoke billowing still 
out of her ears. 

Tenchi quite shaken up by this takes off his shirt and grabs a towel and 
proceeds to the shower. "Ahh, it'll be good to get a nice shower." Just 
as he opens the door, he sees a naked Ryoko right in front of him. His 
eyes wide as a dishpan, slowly walk out and shut the door. Then he turns 
around and slides down the door. Before his butt even reaches the floor 
two arms wrap around him and pull him in. His frantic flailing of his 
arms is of no use and Ryoko once again has him in her clutches. 
"Ryoko... I..." Tenchi stammers as a blood trickles down his nose. 

"Shh... this'll be our little secret," Ryoko whispers. She turns him 
around and then..... 


Aww... too bad! I know you wanted to find out what happens. Stay tuned 
for more updates on this exciting fan fiction! Again, please send your 
comments about this fanfiction, and of course, as usual check out the 
rest of my site!! You can E-mail me at (loosejuice@geocities.com) Easy 
enough! I hope you enjoyed it! And don't worry I won't get all sicko and 
stuff on my later editions. For those of you who are looking for those 
types of things, shame on you! I'm outta here! 5/27/97 