Edward J Wood  (EdWoodJr@WebTV.net)

Adventures in Time & Space: Part 1

(Kiyone imagines herself as King Solomon)

---------------------------------------------------------------

In those days, there was a judge in the land, and her name was called
Kiyone.

And her wisdom was exceedingly great, so that it was said, there was
none like unto her.

There came a day, when Kiyone sat at court, that two women came before
her; and a man came also with them.

And Kiyone asked them, saying "Who art thou, and wherefore comest thou
before me?"

And the first woman answered, saying "My name is called Ryoko, and this
man is called Tenchi, whom I lovest."

And the second woman answered, saying "My name is called Ayeka, and this
man called Tenchi is the one whom I lovest."

And Kiyone asked them, saying "How can this be, that thou both lovest
this man? Which of you dost he love?"

And the man called Tenchi answered not, for they would not suffer him to
speak.

And Kiyone asked them, saying "What wouldst thou have me do?"

And Ayeka answered, saying "This man and I are bound by royal blood, and
we are destined to be together. But this woman, who hast a devil,
seeketh to lay hands upon him and steal him. I pray thee, O judge, give
me this man to be mine; and send away this woman, for she is a vexation
to my soul."

And Ryoko answered, saying "Not so, O judge!
For this man is mine, and he has been mine since he was a boy. But this
woman, who speaketh lies, wouldst rob me of mine own. Therefore I pray
thee, O judge, give me this man to be mine; and cast this woman out, for
she is an abomination."

And Kiyone commanded that a sword be brought. And she said, "Let this
man be cut in twain, and let each woman have half of the man, that both
may have him."

And the man called Tenchi opened his mouth to speak, but they bade him
be silent.

And Ayeka said, "How wonderful is thy judgement, and how great is thy
wisdom! I pray thee, O judge: when the man is divided, give unto me the
right hand side, that I might have the better; and let this woman have
the left hand side, that she might have the worse."

And Ryoko answered, saying, "Nay, but when the man is divided, give unto
me the upper part, and let this woman have the lower."

And the anger of Ayeka was kindled against Ryoko, and Ryoko against
Ayeka. And Kiyone cried with a loud voice and rent her garment.

And the man called Tenchi, passing through their midst, went his way,
and departed unto a far country.

(end of part one)
