Edward J Wood (EdWoodJr@WebTV.net)

Adventures in Time and Space: Part 2

---------------------------------------------------------------

Judge Kiyone was sitting in her private office, finishing her morning
rice, when she heard the boom of the gong outside the tribunal - a case
was being brought in ahead of the morning session. The headman of the
constables rushed in, breathless with excitement.

"What is this commotion!" asked Judge Kiyone.

"There's been a murder!" said the headman.

Judge Kiyone hurried into her official robes and placed the black-winged
judge's cap on her head. Then she pushed back the curtain and entered
the courtroom, taking her seat behind the bench. Through the doors came
the rumble of an excited crowd. She waited until the constables and
scribes were in their places.

Judge Kiyone nodded, and two constables pulled open the double doors. A
stream of villagers and townspeople poured into the courtroom. Judge
Kiyone rapped her gavel.

"Interested parties to the front!" said the Judge. "All others keep
back!"

The crowd parted, and the headman led two young people before the bench:
a young man, tanned and wiry, in the short sleeved robe and short
trousers of a day laborer; and a young woman, quiet and dignified, in a
stylish blue silk gown. The judge thought what an odd couple they were
as they knelt on the stone flag floor.

"State your case!" said the judge.

"This humble person," said the young woman,
"is called Ayeka..."

"Are you not," the judge cut in, "The eldest daughter of the House of
Jurai?"

"I enjoy that distinction," she said, with a polite bow.

The judge was amazed. "How did the daughter of an old and respectable
house become involved in a murder case? Whom did you murder?"

Ayeka blushed and bowed her face to the floor. "I have murdered no one,
Your Honor! I don't know what happened to that monster-woman Ryoko. I
beg Your Honor to clear this up."

Judge Kiyone thought for a moment: the name sounded familiar. "Headman,"
she said. "Report on this Ryoko."

The headman stepped forward and shook his head. "She was a terrible
criminal, Your Honor,
punished many times by your predecessors for fighting and robbery. I'm
not surprised she came to a bad end." And there was a murmur of
agreement from the other constables.

"And what is your connection with this criminal Ryoko?" asked the Judge.
"Was she your partner in crime?"

"No! No!'" cried Ayeka. The young man patted her hand, and she smiled.
Judge Kiyone pointed to him.

"I will hear your story!"

The young man swallowed hard. "This insignificant person is called
Tenchi, and I tend the gardens of the Jurai estate..."

"Silence!" thundered the Judge. "I know exactly what happened! You
seduced the Lady Ayeka!"

"No!"

"The criminal Ryoko found out, and demanded hush money. So you killed
her! Confess your crime!"

"No! No!"

The Judge banged her gavel angrily. "Take them away!" she said, and the
constables led the young couple to the jail. The crowd waited quietly as
the Judge sat and thought.

"The court will now inspect the scene of the crime!" She gave one more
rap with the gavel, and left the courtroom.

-----

Two hours later, Judge Kiyone arrived at Okayama Village. She was met at
the outskirts by the village headman. With him was a woman: short, spiky
red hair, and an intense expression.

"You are the pharmacist Washu?" asked the Judge.

"The greatest pharmacist in all the universe!"
she announced. "If I may, I will serve as coroner."

Judge Kiyone followed them to a roadside inn.
The constables on duty bowed deeply as the Judge went in, followed by
Washu. The Judge paused in the corridor.

She looked into a room that was littered with dirty dishes and empty
bottles. A young woman
with spiky gray hair lay cold and lifeless on the bed.

"Examine the body," said the Judge. She waited as Washu turned the body
over, looking closely at every inch of skin. Finally, Washu stood up to
report.

"I see no cuts, bruises, or other marks of violence," said Washu. "With
your Your Honor's permission, I will check for poison."

Judge Kiyone nodded. Washu sniffed Ryoko's lips, swabbed a finger around
Ryoko's mouth, and even pried her mouth open to look inside.
Washu shook her head.

"No smell of poison, no residue, no discoloration. I can find no sign of
poison. I'm sorry, Your Honor, but I cannot specify the cause of death."

"Bring me a written report as soon as possible," said the Judge, who
then turned and left the inn.

-----

That night, Judge Kiyone slipped out of her room and went to the village
bath house. Without her judge's cap and robe, no one recognised her. She
sat on a wooden bench in the steamy darkness, trying to sort out her
thoughts.

A tall blonde woman sat beside her, humming happily to herself. Judge
Kiyone cringed. The blonde looked at her and jumped out of her seat.

"Your Honor!" cried the blonde. "I..."

"Shhh!!!" said the Judge, clamping her hand over the blonde's mouth.

Her name was Mihoshi, and she was Judge Kiyone's most trusted assistant.
Mihoshi was not a cunning fighter, nor was she strong or brave or even
smart. No one knew why the Judge hired her, but she did.

"So," asked Mihoshi, "Did the autopsy-thingy
go OK?"

"No," said the Judge with a sigh. "That Ryoko was a real tough criminal.
That gardner Tenchi might have taken her, but there are no marks on the
body. Maybe Ayeka slipped her some poison, but there's no trace of any.
Apart from how they did it, if they did it, I can't say why!"

"Then you haven't heard the latest!" said Mihoshi.

"Have you learned something?"

"Well," said Mihoshi. "I decided to hang out here at the bath house,
cause that's the best place to pick up the local gossip. Or the
vegetable market. Anyway, I found these two girls who were housemaids at
the Jurai mansion. Real nice girls. There names were..."
"GET TO THE POINT!"

"Anyway," said Mihoshi, scarcely missing a beat, "I heard them say that
Ayeka was head over heels for that Tenchi guy."

"Yes," said the Judge. "I knew that."

"And so was Ryoko."

"What!" Judge Kiyone jumped up and almost dropped her towel. "Are you
sure?"

"Uh huh. Ayeka and Ryoko were both after Tenchi. They fought like cats
and dogs over him. All the house maids were buzzing about it."

Judge Kiyone turned this over in her mind. A love triangle! If Ayeka did
it, she was removing a rival. If Tenchi did it, he was dismissing a
jilted lover. But how did they do it?

"Do you want me to stay here?" asked Mihoshi.

"No," said the Judge. "Go to the pharmacy and check out Washu.
Something's not right about her." Mihoshi nodded and left. Judge Kiyone
got into the hot tub and tried to think.

"Excuse me," said a tiny voice.

The Judge looked up at the cutest girl she'd ever seen. She had big
beautiful eyes and long pigails. But she seemed so sad.

"You're the Judge, right?" she asked.

Judge Kiyone nodded; she just didn't have the heart to send her away.
The cute girl knelt on the floor.

"We're not in court," said the Judge in a soft voice. "Come and sit
beside me."

She sat and looked up at the Judge, with tears brimming in her eyes. "My
name is Sasami. Ayeka is my big sister."

Judge Kiyone felt a cold shiver: this was the younger daughter of the
House of Jurai. Was she also involved in this horrible murder?

"Your big sister is in serious trouble," said the Judge. "Can you help
me find out what happened?"

"I dont know what happened," said Sasami.
"But I know Ayeka didn't do anything bad."

"You sister liked Tenchi," said the Judge. "And Ryoko liked him too.
Sometimes when two girls like the same boy, they get mad at each other."

Sasami shook her head. "They only pretended to fight. They really liked
each other."

"Everyone knows that Ryoko was a bad person."

"No!" said Sasami. "Ryoko was good to me!
She played with me and protected me from bullies. She always brought me
candy, and she got me medicine when I was sick."

Judge Kiyone tried to see this new angle. It was only natural that
Sasami would try to help her big sister. Although young children were
easily fooled, sometimes they were sharp judges of character, who saw
things that adults missed.

"I will uncover the truth," said the Judge, gently
stroking Sasami's hair. "If your big sister is innocent, she has nothing
to fear."

"Thank you," said Sasami with a smile.

-----

After a long sleepless night, Judge Kiyone walked along the the village
street. It was almost sunrise: soon the shops would open, and the
villagers would begin their day. But the Judge still had more questions
than answers.

The Judge heard a high-pitched scream; she recognised it and heaved a
sigh. When she looked, Mihoshi was running for her life through the
muddy street, pursued by an angry Washu, who was armed with a chopping
knife. Mihoshi
ran behind the Judge, who demanded, "What's going on here!"

Gasping for breath, Washu pointed at Mihoshi.
"That monster! That demon from hell! SHE DESTROYED MY PHARMACY!"

Judge Kiyone glared at Mihoshi, who giggled nervously. "Wait for me at
the inn," said the Judge. When Mihoshi was gone, the Judge
followed Washu to her shop. Servants were sweeping up medicinal roots
and broken pots.

Washu screamed and cried about the damage to her shop, but the Judge
heard not a word. She had spotted a niche in the bare wall where a
display case had fallen. A jar that fitted the niche lay cracked on the
floor. The label, with the ancient characters "root of life and death",
seemed to jump up and wave for attention.

"Tell me," said the Judge. "Sasami, the younger daughter of Jurai: has
she been ill?"

This question took Washu by surprise. "Just a tummy ache."

"The medicine came from here?"

"Yes, I mixed it myself."

"And Ryoko bought it?"

"Yes. How did you...?"

Judge Kiyone thought carefully before asking,
"When you mixed that medicine, did you leave Ryoko alone in the shop?"

Washu hesitated.

"You fool!" screamed the Judge, who turned and stormed away.

-----

The next morning, a buzzing crowd gathered outside the tribunal. Rumors
had spread that the Judge was going to name the murderer of Okayama
Village. When the double doors opened, and the people streamed inside,
the Judge was behind the bench, looking serious.
She gave a rap with the gavel to open the session, and the crown went
quiet.

The Judge took her vermilion brush and filled out a slip, which she
handed to the clerk. Soon the suspects Ayeka and Tenchi were brought
before the bench. The people were surprised to see the pharmacist Washu
also brought in. As the three knelt on the stone flag floor, the Judge
thundered at them.

"Because of your lies and conflicting statements, the solution of this
case has been delayed. Fortunately, another witness has been found!"

"Your Honor!" cried Ayeka. "Surely you're not going to question my
little sister!"

"Silence!" said the Judge. She filled out another slip and handed it to
the clerk. He froze, and looked questioningly at the Judge.

"Are my instructions not clear?"

"Yes," said the clerk. "But..."

"Then what are you waiting for!"

Shaking his head, the clerk left the courtroom.
The people wondered what this could mean.
Soon the constables moved Tenchi, Ayeka, and Washu to the side, while
two other constables placed a long table in front of the bench. Then
two stretcher bearers entered, carrying the body of Ryoko, which they
placed on the table.
The people buzzed in amazement, until the Judge rapped for order.

The courtroom went quiet as Judge Kiyone looked down at the body.

"You are the criminal Ryoko?"

There were a few nervous giggles. Washu asked, "Surely Your Honor
doesn't expect her to answer?"

"When I question a witness in my courtroom, I expect her to answer!"
Turning to the body, the Judge went on, "State your name for the
record!"

Ryoko's body did not answer. Judge Kiyone turned to the headman of the
constables. "The witness will be questioned under torture!"

The headman thought, this is madness, but he dared not disobey. The
Judge ordered, "Bring the branding iron!"

The headman fetched a hot iron spike, glowing red hot and smoking. He
waited for the judge's orders, wondering what on earth she expected him
to do.

"Show it to her," said the Judge.

Feeling like a fool, the headman held the spike in front of Ryoko's
face. Smoke from the hot iron curled upward. Impossibly, Ryoko's nose
twitched. The headman screamed and backed away. As the people gaped in
astonishment, Ryoko sneezed and sat up on the table.

"Ryoko," said the Judge. "When Sasami fell ill, you went to Washu's
pharmacy for medicine.
While Washu was mixing the medicine, you stole a dose of the "root of
life and death" from the hidden pot."

"Did I do that?"

"You used it to drug yourself, and you pretended to be dead, knowing
that Ayeka would be charged with your murder! Confess!"

The courtroom waited in silence. Ryoko gave a casual shrug. "Yeah,
whatever."

The crowd broke into loud cheers as Ryoko was led away. Tenchi, Ayeka,
and Washu were brought before the bench, where the Judge gave them all a
good lecture. Then Judge Kiyone rapped her gavel and closed the session.

-----

In her private office, Judge Kiyone dug into her evening rice, while
Mihoshi sipped a cup of hot tea.

"I'm surprised," said Mihoshi, "That Washu didn't find "the root of...
whatever" on Ryoko's body."

"It dissolves completely and leaves no trace,"
said the Judge. "I would have missed it myself, if I hadn't seen that
broken pot."

"So it's just well I wrecked her pharmacy?"

Judge Kiyone rose from her seat and spread her arms wide. "Even from
such a misfortune as this, justice has come. And I, as a judge, strike
the balance of justice, carrying out the will of heaven above, and
bringing peace to the common people below!" She lifted her cup to
propose a toast.

But Mihoshi had already fallen asleep.
