All's fair in love and work

CHAPTER 1: Morning in the Masaki Household

Kiyone yawned and shook her tired head. What had woken her? A shout 
shook the house. Obviously Ayeka and Ryoko then...or maybe not. She 
dragged herself up, and pulled off her purple silk pyjamas. Her Galaxy 
Police uniform was lying at the end of the bed. Oh no, she groaned, 
don't tell me I have to work today. Upon closer inspection a note was 
pinned onto the unifoirm. It read:

Kiyone,
Were (added apostrophe) having a galaxy police meting (scribble) 
meeting. You have to wer (scribble) wear uniform.
~Mihoshi

Still, she thought, at least this would be a good chance to impress the 
commander...if Mihoshi didn't screw up. Kiyone groaned again. Meetings 
were always a disaster area if Mihoshi was there. Though this was 
obviously a chance in a million. Glancing at her digital clock, the 
green haired woman gasped. 12:00??? She was already late.
"Mihoshi! Are you ready?" she screamed down the hall as she dragged her 
top on.
"Coming, Kiyone." Looking out the door, Kiyone almost fainted. 
"What are you wearing?"
"Oh, just something I picked up." Mihoshi answered, glancing at the 
practically see-through dress she was wearing.
"Ah, I see the babys on it's way?" she asked. Kiyone was certain she was 
going crazy, but glancing down at her stomach, it did seem rather big. 
Maybe the rest of her life was a dream, and she had just woken up? Come 
to think of it, she certainly didn't have any pyjamas made of silk. 
Tenchi emerged from her bedroom too, and to Kiyone's horror, he came up 
and kissed her.
"So, sweetie, how's my little baby coming on, eh?" Kiyone pinched 
herself to check it wasn't a dream, and woke up sweating in bed. 
Listening carefully, she heard Ryoko snoring away in the other room. 
Sighing, glad her bizarre experience had been a dream, she pulled off 
her white cotton pyjamas and dressed in a blue dress that had a summery 
feeling to it. Glancing out the window, she cursed as she remembered it 
was Winter, than shouted with delight as she remembered it was Christmas 
Eve. Woah, I really need to get a hold of myself. She thought, 
unbuttoning her dress and deciding on changing into a black skirt, 
tights and a red jumper. Briefly viewing herself in the mirror, she 
thought it looked okay. As she walked out the door, a piece of her dream 
came floating back to her, and she quickly checked her stomach. Normal 
size. Mihoshi walked out of the door in front of her...wearing a pink 
nightie with little teddies embroidered on.
"Uh, Mihoshi, shouldn't you be dressed by now?" quizzed Kiyone. Mihoshi 
yawned, nodded and stumbled back into her room. Kiyone went on 
downstairs, and a heavenly smell drifted from the kitchen. Mmm, Sasami's 
cooking breakfast. She hurried up, her dream flying away and thoughts of 
a delicious crunchy sandwhich came running in to take its place.

Mihoshi stretched, looking at all her clothes. Looking out of her 
window, she saw it was snowing, so picked a fluffy pink jumper, a cotton 
blue shirt and some tight jeans. She tied her messy hair up in a 
ponytail as usual and tripped downstairs, but instead of smelling bacon 
she smelt the depressing smell of no bacon.

Blink. Blink blink. Where am I? Oh yeah...in bed. Ryoko was still half 
asleep, and wished her dream had ended. It had been all about...what? 
Oh, right. Tenchi, getting married to her, having kids, the usual. She 
flew out of bed, and wiped the early morning condensation from the 
window. Snow. Yuck. She opened her wardrobe and groaned. Since Sasami 
had had a cold last week, everyone had helped out. Apparently, Mihoshi 
did the washing. All her best tops were pink, red and purple, a horrible 
mixture. Lucky I bought a spare. She hovered above a large chest, and 
opened it. Inside were two outfits: a teeny white beaded top with some 
black trousers, and a tight purple top with a long black skirt. She 
decided on the purple top and black trousers, not really bothered with 
the colour, just the overall view. Or, in other words, what Tenchi 
thought.

Ayeka opened her eyes and jumped out of bed. She was annoyed to find 
Ryoko was already up, drinking eggnog downstairs and causing a racket. 
Frantically, she flicked through her entire wardrobe, finally settling 
for a pink blouse that was surprisingly warm and pink trousers...wait, 
why were they pink? She looked through her clothes again, and almost 
screamed before remembering that Princesses don't do that sort of thing 
just because a clumsy ditz had a done the laundry. What am I going to do 
now? she thought dejectedly, and finally decided on a purpley-blue 
kimono with pink embroiderings.

Tenchi was already up and about at this time, gathering up the last 
vegetables for the next days roast dinner. He wasn't wearing anything 
special, just his usual sort of clothes, though he was sure Ryoko would 
soon come out wearing some "impressive" purple top and black trouser 
type outfit. He sighed, reaching his hands into the carrot box. He 
wasn't surprised when it was empty. Picking up his basket, Tenchi 
trudged through the snow back inside. He grabbed a rice ball, and as he 
chewed slowly struck up a conversation with Sasami.
"So, what are you doing today?"
"Oh, just preparing for dinner tomorrow. D'ya think I should do carrots 
or noodles?"
Tenchi blinked at the unexpected noodles, but quickly covered his 
surprise.
"Well...uh...noodles should be best, I think Ryo-ohki ate all the 
carrots."
"Okay!"
"What are you wearing tomorrow?"
"That'll be a surprise! What about you?"
Despite the fact that she hadn't told him, Tenchi explained he would 
just wear something like jeans and a jumper that looked nice, then 
walked out wondering where to go next. He entered the living room, and 
wasn't all that amazed at his accurate prediction of Ryoko's clothes. At 
a glance he could tell she had been at Sasami's secret supply of eggnog, 
and probably a bit of hidden Sake aswell.
"How are you, Ryoko?"
"Uh...okay..." she answered, bleary eyed, also staring at Tenchi's new 
T.V. Currently a movie was on that seemed to be about a girl trying to 
win the love of a man and marry under the magic moon of Christmas. 
Tenchi frowned. He hated that sort of thing. Plus, he was slightly 
worried at Ryoko ignorance that the supposed love of her life had walked 
in through the door.
"So..uh... what are you doing today?"
"Oh, just stuff. I was getting a bit bored; perhaps you'd like to come 
and help me find Washu?"
"Okay..." she stumbled her way out of the room, strangely, for usually 
she would just be more outrageous than ever.

Kiyone sat and watched T.V. for a while. It was some soppy film, and she 
wasn't that interested. Suddenly it occured to her that she hadn't done 
the Christmas shopping yet...and Ryoko or Ayeka had barely been seen. 
Come to think of it, Tenchi hasn't been around lately... she thought 
glumly, and walked out into the snow to find her spaceship to go 
shopping at the Starroom Stores.

The others pretty much did nothing until one by one they left aswell. 
Sasami was left making home-made gifts, and only paused to glance at the 
clock which read 12:00.


                     CHAPTER 2: Christmas Shopping

Mihoshi was skipping around the Galactic Gaze shopping mall, wondering 
what to buy for her partner. Hmm, she'd probably like some sweets, was 
the conclusion she finally made, and went straight back to Salkazu's 
Sweets, an act which she had performed approximately six times already.

Kiyone glanced at her watch. 13:10 it read. She hurried on to the 
nearest shop, which looked inviting with all the sparkly displays and 
flashing Christmas tree lights. Once inside, she saw a gift for Mihoshi 
at once. It was a cute, cuddly teddy with a big pink bow on. Kiyone 
nearly puked at the sight of it, but knew Mihoshi would burst into tears 
of delight. On her way towards it, she noticed the perfect present for a 
certain purple-haired Princess - a kimono with small sapphires on. it 
was a bit expensive, but Kiyone was really set to liven up Christmas for 
all. So, when she weaved her way through the crowds to the kimono, she 
didn't mind setting her heart on a pile of books that would entertain 
Washu for hours.

Mihoshi sighed. She didn't like being locked up in the shop-lifting 
section, it made her cry, especially since she hadn't done anything. One 
little bouncy ball isn't that much, is it? she thought unhappily. Then 
she brightned up.
"I'm a Galaxy Police officer! I can get out!" she exclaimed, and 
proceeded to look carefully round for escape. Eventually she managed to 
prise open a small window, and clambered out. Ha! Now onto the presents. 
She hadn't seen the heavily guarded doors, so this was actually a feat 
worthy of a promotion if her superviser was there to see it.

Ryoko yawned. Why was she feeling so sick? Little did she now that 
everyone else was assuming she had drunk a bit. In fact, she hadn't. 
"Tenchi?" she called, before remembering he had gone shopping. She tried 
to stand up, but her head hurt so much she lay back down and put a 
flannel on her head. She groaned, realising that Ayeka was also out. She 
was probably chasing Tenchi right that minute...

Ayeka tripped again. Why were there so many stairs? Already she carried 
three bags full of presents for Tenchi, and a bag full of presents for 
the others, and a small box of presents for Ryoko. It was al weighing 
her down, but she wasn't sure how to get a bus home. Hmph, I bet Ryoko's 
at home lying on the sofa, the greedy demon. She thought, then to 
console herself added But it does mean she won't have any presents for 
Tenchi!

No...no....perfect! Just like Ryoko. Tenchi thought as he browsed 
through a wacky clothes shop. He was thinking about the time Ryoko had 
gone snowboarding in a leopard print bikini, so he thought that a new 
flame print dress would be good. He was just flicking through a rack 
when the speaker announced that everyone had to leave the shop for lunch 
break. Tenchi quickly hurried out, and just as he was past the swingning 
doors crashed into a young woman with beautiful hair.
"Oh, are you okay?" he asked, before realising it was Kiyone. He picked 
up her stuff and helped her up, smiling.
"Oh, Tenchi! Shall we go get some sushi?" she asked, smiling straight 
back. Tenchi nodded, and they walked off to the nearest sushi bar.

"So....got me my present yet?" Kiyone enquired casually. Tenchi just 
laughed and tapped her nose playfully. Kiyone felt herself blushing 
slightly. But...I'm a police officer...I can't...no, this is stupid, of 
course I don't... Kiyone was confused. She felt all happy and tingly 
inside her just looking at Tenchi, but she KNEW she didn't like him...or 
did she? Maybe...maybe Ayeka and Ryoko are right...but this...it's only 
one...

Mihoshi stood frozen to the spot. Her watch had just started bleeping, a 
sure sign of important buissness. What if I'm in trouble? Her lip 
wobbled, but when she answered the call her superviser was smiling 
broadly.
"Mihoshi, well done! After your escape we decided we'll promote you...if 
you can complete a few tasks. Will you report back to HQ and take them?"
"Uh..."
"Good, well, see you there!" Mihoshi winced as he smiled more than ever. 
What am I going to do? she felt worse than before the call.

Ryoko groaned again. Sasami had come looking after her, giving her herbs 
and stuff that weren't helping much. Her head was aching so much, it 
felt like it was going to fall off. Tenchi...

"Ow!" Ayeka was still busy trying to get home. She KNEW that it was down 
this street...or was it up there? Then she realised she was completely, 
utterly lost. Still she kept on walking, and eventually crashed into the 
edge of the city. More hopefull, she stumbled on through the countryside 
until she reached a flower garden. It was beautiful, full of reds and 
blues and pinks, and nearly every other colour you could imagine. She 
picked a bunch of sweet-smelling ones, tied them up with some gold 
ribbon and used a small amount of her powers to keep them alive. She 
arranged them carefully alongside her presents for Tenchi, and skipped 
on happily. The garden really was a lovely place, with a small river and 
little animals playing around. Eventually she tripped over a small 
vegetable, and realised she was in the Masaki carrot garden. Taking 
careful note of the directions to the garden, she entered the house.

Sasami sighed. She had been busy all day, making gifts, cooking, looking 
after Ryoko... A small arrangement of presents lay on the table. A coat 
for Tenchi, a dress for Ayeka, a nightie for Mihoshi, a funny lab coat 
for Washu...what can I do for Kiyone and Ryoko? Sasami smiled. She knew 
that all Ryoko would really want was a large serving of Christmas dinner 
and a bottle of Sake. Kiyone was a problem though. What do you make for 
a Galaxy Police officer who's actually good at their work?

Kiyone giggled as Tenchi told her a funny joke. They were both in her 
spaceship, and Ryo-ohki (who Tenchi had ridden) was being towed back. 
"Tenchi...what's my present?" Kiyone asked, hoping it was discreet. 
Tenchi just laughed, knowing she was just having fun trying to find out.
"Want a clue?"
"Okay!"
"Hmmm...it can be worn...it looks nice..."
"Jewellery?"
"That's within the imagination!"
'Uh...a necklace?"
"Close."
"Maybe...maybe...uh..." Kiyone couldn't think of anything else, except a 
bracelet and earrings, that sort of thing, but she'd tried all that.
"I give up."
"Then wait until tomorrow!" Kiyone grinned, and hit Tenchi gently on the 
hand. He laughed again, and that set Kiyone off. When the spaceship 
finally arrived, Ayeka was waiting on the porch. Tenchi gulped. He and 
Kiyone were still laughing happily away, and Ayeka was watching in fury.
"T-t-t-Tenchi! What are you doing?"
"Just sharing a joke!" Ayeka frowned, and grabbed Tenchi by the arm.
"Come and look what I got you!"
"No, Ayeka, it can wait till tomorrow, and be a surprise. I've got to 
check on Ryoko right now, she didn't look well this morning."
"Oh, she was just drunk."
"No..." Tenchi pulled his arm away and hurried indoors. Ayeka glared at 
him, then remembered Kiyone.
"So, what were you REALLY doing?"
"Shopping!" Kiyone spluttered, trying not to laugh. Tenchi had taught 
her that even the smallest things were funny. Ayeka stamped her foot, 
and after realising it had no effect, stomped indoors after Tenchi. 
Kiyone frowned herself. Apparently, shopping is a bit too much if I do 
it with Tenchi. In a way, she was upset. An unhappy Christmas was just 
what she needed, after working with Mihoshi so long. Her nerves would 
probably be at their end. I'd better try and patch it up...

Ryoko sighed happily as Tenchi walked in. Finally!
"Oh, Tenchi, you're back!" Tenchi smiled, and gave her a quick hug. 
Ryoko glowed positively. Oops,though Tenchi, I don't want to string her 
along... But then he got confused. He liked Ryoko, he wouldn't mind 
having her as a girlfriend...but she was a space pirate and Ayeka was so 
much more sophisticated...but Kiyone was sensible...Kiyone?!?! Tenchi 
collapsed into the sofa, and turned on the tv. 
Boring...boring...boring... eventually he settled on Kimi no Penguins, a 
story with the ending as Kimi no carrot cake, but replacing carrot cake 
with penguins. It was one of Mihoshi's favourites...Mihoshi is 
nice...Washu is clever...Ryoko is affectionate in her own funny 
way...Ayeka is sophisticated and royal...Kiyone is sensible and hard-
working... Tenchi knew the time had come to choose.

All the girls were hurrying up to bed. Ryoko attempted to trip everyone 
up, Ayeka was boasting about her royal heritage and how she and Tenchi 
were meant to be together, ect ect, Mihoshi was hurling teddys at anyone 
who came to her door, and Kiyone was trying to make peace. Washu had 
been noted making some kind of acidic substance and putting it in the 
girls bedtime water, so nobody was that thirsty. Everyone knew this was 
the result of the love battle towards Tenchi.

                                        CHAPTER 3: No Need for 
Christmas! 

Kiyone shuffled around nervously on her chair. The morning had started 
off okay, with everyone checking their stockings. Kiyone had recieved 
some chocolate, a pair of earrings, a lovely lilac dress, and a few 
other stocking fillers including a water gun. But as the day had gone 
on, the atmosphere had dropped, until by breakfast everyone was glancing 
at each other sharply. Tenchi had told everyone he knew that somewhere, 
his love was decided, and had to tell someone. Now, all were gathered in 
the dining room, being called into Tenchi's room one by one to hear what 
he had to say. He wouldn't tell them who, just why he liked and didn't 
like them.
"Kiyone, you can come in." she groaned. She was the first in, and 
wouldn't know what to do...sit there? Joke a bit? She got up and walked 
upstairs. Tenchi was sitting on his bed, and signalled for her to sit 
down.
"So, any new jokes? Gossip? Actual news?" he smiled a heart-dissolving 
smile. Kiyone was amazed. He had just solved all her worries about what 
to do in a few short sentences. She chatted with him for a bit, and then 
he began.
"Well...before I thought you were too dedicated to your work to be 
friendly..." Kiyone kept sensible quiet (unlike Ryoko or Ayeka, who 
would have burst)
"But after yesterday, and in a few occasions before, I saw that you were 
fun, kind, but the hard-working part made you a good person to have in a 
crisis. Though sometimes you can be a bit too over-working, and if we 
had a relationship it might prevent me from seeing you. I hope you 
understand that all these talks are just to help me cry out and 
understand myself." Kiyone nodded, with a smile on her face. Tenchi 
smiled back.
"So, see you at dinner? I'll give you my present!" Tenchi understood 
that she wasn't trying to bias him towards her, and waved as she left 
the door. 

As she sat down, Tenchi could see how nervous Ryoko was. Poor thing. She 
loves me so much...if it isn't her, how will she cope? This time Tenchi 
dived straight in.
"Ryoko, I love you." She gasped happily at this point. 
"But..." (her face fell) "I don't know. I love all the girls, but even 
if it isn't you, I hope you understand that you are still more special 
to me than a lot of others. Now...I think you look nice, and your 
outrageous personality is easy to live with, and fun, once you get used 
to it. I know that you would stay by me, whatever. But sometimes, I 
think you drink a bit too much, like this morning..."
"Tenchi, I hadn't had even a drop of water." Tenchi could tell by the 
deep clearness of her amber eyes she was telling the truth.
"Okay. I believe you." (Ryoko studied his face, and satisfied with the 
reulst, let him continue).
"Apart from that one little point, I think you truly are a lovely 
woman." Ryoko grinned, gave him a hug and flew out. That went better 
than I thought...

Ayeka flounced in. Though she appeared calm and serene, her mood was 
bubbling with tension. Nearly all morning she had sat at the table, 
waiting her turn to see Tenchi, and the way all the girls were scowling 
at her put her on edge. Though secretly, she was sure Tenchi would just 
find absolutely no faults with her. I'm perfect, she assured herself, 
absolutely perfect. If Kiyone can make Tenchi laugh and be happy, then 
so can I! She sat down, trying to adopt Kiyone's carefree emotions.
"So, Ayeka, had any news from Jurai?"
"Oh, not really, i'm probably going to stay here a while, you know?"
"Uh...I hope my house doesn't get any new people in!" Ayeka was annoyed. 
Kiyone would have been able to pull that off, even Ryoko, but she just 
HAD to go and make it sound like she was forcing Tenchi to let her stay 
and love him.
"So...uh...well, um, I like you because of your calm and sweet nature, 
which is a nice contrast to Ryoko..." (Ayeka sat smugly, like a cat who 
got the cream) "But...well...sometimes you can be too...too...demanding, 
and that just doesn't suit you. Bye." Ayeka was gobsmacked. It was 
already over? She didn't have much time to complain though, because 
Mihoshi was already entering with tears streaming down her cheeks. Ayeka 
tried to look secretive and happy, but it wasn't quite perfect.

Mihoshi blew her nose on a tissue and watched Tenchi. He smiled kindly 
at her, but she seemed to have caught a cold and signalled him on.
"I think you're okay, Mihoshi, however much people think you are 
clumsy..."
"Thanks, Tenchi. Everyone else says that I cab be a pain but I bew you 
wouldn't because you're Tenchi, and..." she reached for another tissue 
to clear out her bunged up nose and Tenchi took the chance to intervene.
"I know, Mihoshi. But you're also really helpful and fun loving. Yet 
sometimes...well...a bit too...cute."
"Obay." Mihoshi sniffed and walked out. Tenchi sighed. So far she had 
been the worst to deal with. Who had been the best.....he knew the 
answer before the question. Kiyone. She's so...positive.

Washu hopped in the door, literally, with a small device.
"Uh...why are you hopping, Washu?'
"Oh, this? I'm measuring the speed of position one and two in the 
related areas of physics that include H movements per..."
"Okay, okay, sit down, would you?" Tenchi laughed.
"Okay, but make this quick." Tenchi smiled at the red-haired scientist.
"Alright, well, you're clever and cute, but sometimes too clever." Washu 
smiled, and hopped out with a wave. As usual, Tenchi was left feeling as 
if a conversation with Washu had gone unlike it was planned, but 
shrugged the feeling off as he realised that everyone had been checked. 
Now.... now he just had to make up his mind. 
Kiyone...Mihoshi...Ryoko...Washu...Ayeka...oh, everyone's okay! But I 
can tell, somewhere inside me...I know quite a few people will be 
disappointed this Christmas.

"Okay, girls. I know that a few of you are going to be very sad today, 
and I just want to say that I love you all, but one of you I love in a 
different way." everyone sat there, throwing nervous, angry glances at 
each other.
"Tenchi...tell us who it is." Nobuyuki signalled. Tenchi took a deep 
breath. Okay, here goes...
"I-I think it is..." Tenchi paused. All the girls smiled at him. He knew 
this would be the last time most of them were happy. It's Christmas. I 
can't do this! Tenchi thought glumly, but everyone was waiting.
"Uh...K-Kiyone!" There, finally said it. He looked around. Kiyone was 
smiling a small smile at him, and comforting everyone else with the help 
of Sasami, Washu and Nobuyuki. ayeka was red, and small, crystal-like 
tears slid down her face. I'll never get to take Tenchi to the secret 
garden... Mihoshi was wailing, with all the stops pulled out. 
Waaaaaaa!!!!!! Waaaaaaaaa!!!!! Kiyone patted her on the back, and 
reassured her that Tenchi might change his mind. Ryoko was the worst. 
She was just sitting there. Sitting there, her amber eyes glowing, 
looking straight at Tenchi, ignoring anyone trying to comfort her. After 
everyone had calmed down Kiyone stood up.
"Look, I know Tenchi said my name, but it could always change! He could 
be wrong! Can we just enjoy Christmas?" Kiyone stared in astonishment as 
small, weak smiles crept over everyone's face, even Ryoko's. Was that a 
trick? she questioned herself, but no, Tenchi came and gave her a kiss 
on the lips. Phew! Maybe Christmas will be happy after all! Kiyone 
sighed.

                                         CHAPTER 4: Deck the Halls with 
Branches of Mistletoe!

Kiyone was amazed as Christmas day developed. In the morning, everyone 
swapped presents. Kiyone had recieved a panda holding a bag of sweets 
from Mihoshi (which she had to admit was really cute), a book of science 
from Washu (half of the words she didn't understand, but it was still a 
great gift), a set of hair accessories from Ayeka, a crystal vase from 
Ryoko, and various other presents. But the best one was definitely the 
one from Tenchi - it was a beautiful, delicate silver loaket with an 
emerald that glittered many shades of green set in the centre. Inside 
was a note.
Kiyone, it read,
I'm glad you understood how the others felt. I think I do truly love 
you!
Tenchi
While she was reading it, Kiyone couldn't believe how happy it made her 
feel. But she didn't have long to savour the moment, because lunch was 
ready. 

"Wow!" yelled Mihoshi as Kiyone handed her her present and she tore of 
the wrapping. She hugged the bear, and then ripped open her present from 
Tenchi. It contained a bracelet made of gold with little animals all 
over in silver.
"Yay!" she cried, pulling it on. Everyone smiled. Mihoshi was just like 
a kid at Christmas - maybe more so than Sasami! Mihoshi ran down to 
lunch with all her new presents and thanked everyone, then sat down and 
waited impatiently for her noodles. No-one minded that Kiyone and Tenchi 
weren't there yet, waiting to see Tenchi had greatly reduced their 
appetite at breakfast and they were starving now. As soon as Sasami 
handed round the food, Mihoshi picked up her fork.
"Please, Mihoshi, you really ought to wait for our host first." Ayeka 
said, but kindly, completely unlike her usual haughty self. Mihoshi put 
down her fork, and made fortune-tellers and paper dolls out of her 
napkin. I'm so hungry!

Tenchi sighed happily. On the landing he had crashed into Kiyone, and 
they had both gone bright red as they realised they were under 
mistletoe. Tenchi gave Kiyone a quick kiss (with tongues - yuck) and 
walked downstairs with her hand in his. He put his hand round the locket 
Kiyone was now wearing, and smiled. Kiyone batted his hand away 
playfully.
"Kiyone, how about you tell me some more about yourself later? You've 
lived here for ages, but I don't think I even know the names of your 
family!" Kiyone grinned, and they entered the dining room still looking 
at each other lovingly.

It's just not fair... Ryoko began to think, but as soon as the new 
couple entered her track of thought changed. But they DO look so happy! 
so she managed a cheerful face with ease as they sat down. Ryoko was 
very pleased anyway - her presents consisted of everything she wanted. 
Sasami sat down, and everyone began to tuck in. Ryoko chatted with Ayeka 
- and this was more surprising than anything else that year! Tenchi 
guessed, and correctly too, that since he was no longer available they 
weren't such enemies...and also thought that looking like best friends 
would improve his relationship with them.
"So, any news Ayeka?"
"Well, there was this place I found in the garden. I intended to take 
Tenchi there, but..." she waved her hand, trying to indicate what she 
meant. Ryoko understood.
"So, how're you taking that anyway?" she asked, her mouth full of 
noodles. Normally Ayeka would have something not-so-pleasant to say 
about that, but right now she just answered.
"Oh...disappointed, obviously, but Tenchi does seem happier with Kiyone 
than he ever did with me."
"Yeah...I was thinking that sort of thing too." and so the conversation 
continued until dinner was over.

Sasami was more relieved than anything else. Now Tenchi had made his 
decision, the house wouldn't shake every time Ryoko and Ayeka looked at 
each other. Though she knew that the mellow mood would vanish as soon as 
Christmas was over, so she tried to make the day the best one of 
everyone's lives.
"How about we have a disco later?" she suggested. This was met all round 
with nods, so she went with Washu to sort out the equipment.

Tenchi led Kiyone outside. It was cold, but Sasami had made her a black 
angora sweater, and she felt nice and warm...especially because of 
Tenchi's added heat. He walked out over the carrot fields, until they 
reached the spot Ayeka had found yesterday.
"Kiyone..." he smiled, and they sat down by an icy pool. Kiyone stepped 
onto it, and glided round. Tenchi joined her, and promptly fell over. 
They both laughed, and retreated to the side.
"So, you said you were going to tell me about your life."
"Okay, I will! But wait until conversation draws that way."
"Alright. When was the first time you went ice-skating?"
"Uh...I was about ten years old, and me and Mihoshi..."
"Oh no, not Mihoshi!" Tenchi laughed, and Kiyone giggled like she was 
ten again.
"Yes, Mihoshi! Anyway, we slid onto the ice, and I was having loads of 
fun...and didn't mind it TOO much when Mihoshi crashed into me and we 
went skidding into a pile of snow. Just like something on t.v., 
actually! You know those cartoons where someone slips on the ice and 
crashes into a tree, and all this snow falls of the branches and covers 
them up?"
"Yeah, I used to love those things. Do you watch Kimi no Penguins?"
"Not really, but Mihoshi always does on the ship." and so the 
conversation went on, going in all directions until Kiyone began talking 
about her family and child-hood life. They kept talking for a while, had 
one last ice-skate, and a few kisses, then went in for the disco.

CHAPTER 5: Boogie Nights!

Everyone was changing in little rooms Nobuyuki had rigged up. Ryoko was 
wearing a gold mini-dress, with dark silver leopard print all over. 
Ayeka was wearing a blue clingy dress, very unusual for her style. 
Mihoshi was wearing a fluffy white jumper with tight trousers, and Washu 
was wearing some strange combinations, like a long black skirt and a red 
blouse. But Kiyone was the real star - she had a lovely flowing dress 
that shimmered loads of colours as she walked. I feel like Cinderella! 
she though, as she entered the disco with Tenchi and everyone gasped in 
amazement. Music started almost instantly, and everyone began to dance. 
It was very lively, so everyone could really let go. Sasami spun round 
with Ryo-ohki, Mihoshi bopped away madly, Washu and Ayeka used the 
proper moves, while Kiyone and Tenchi held hands and spun round, stepped 
forward, stepped back, and so on. 
"Tenchi!" Kiyone panted, "Can we...have...a rest?" Tenchi nodded, and 
danced with her over to the bar. Nobuyuki served them both a drink, and 
the slurped away.
"Tenchi...." Kiyone started. He waited, but she just stopped.
"Uh...what?"
"Sorry, I just don't know what to say."
"Mmm, I know the feeling." Kiyone sighed happily, and dragged Tenchi 
onto the dance floor. It was a dreamy song, that was very slow. Kiyone 
didn't know the name because it was new. Tenchi gently caressed her hand 
as they danced, and Kiyone snuggled up close. Ryoko was half-heartedly 
smiling at them, and Mihoshi was cheering. Kiyone went red.
"How about we go outside?" Tenchi agreed, greatly relieved, and they 
walked out.

They sat down by a bush that had a sweet fragrance hovering around it. 
Kiyone took Tenchi's hand, and moved her fingers around it. It was like 
a dance routine; she would take his first finger, then his second 
aswell, and his third, and finally his fourth. Then she dropped them and 
wrapped her fingers around his middle one. Then she would rub his hand 
and link fingers. Tenchi knew this was because as a child her parents 
had never truly loved her, never bounced her on their knee, never let 
her hand grasp a finger. All Tenchi now wanted to do was hold her like a 
baby, tell her everything would be okay. Music floated down from the 
house, and he picked her up. She was surprisingly light, and he twirled 
her around a few times in the air, then performed a kind of waltz. Her 
skirt billowed out, and her pearly shoes poked out from beneath.
"I feel like i'm in a movie!" she giggled hopelessly.
"A romance movie?" Tenchi enquired cheekily. Kiyone was bewildered; her 
Tenchi would never...but still, she grinned devilishly and nodded. 
Tenchi carried her back inside...and hopefully you can guess the rest.

CHAPTER 6: Back To Reality

I hate life. Ryoko was mooching around in her room. Tenchi loves ME, not 
Kiyone, ME! she grumbled in her brain. Through her window she could see 
Tenchi and Kiyone supposedly watching the sunrise in a deep and 
passionate kiss. That should be ME. She pulled on some clothes, not 
really bothering to see what they were, and blew a power blast out of 
her open window. Tenchi and Kiyone sprang apart. Ryoko closed the window 
quickly and thought depressing thoughts. Earlier they had been talking 
about love, and Ryoko had listened to all of it. As she walked 
downstairs, though, it was as if a weight had been lifted off her 
shoulders. I can be free! I don't have to chase Tenchi! she knew now 
that it had just been some kind of fleeting dream, her love for 
Tenchi...well, not a dream exactly, but something that had distracted 
her from fun. One: get decent clothes on. Two: Have breakfast. Three: 
Shop! Ryoko decided that losing Tenchi wasn't all that bad.

Ayeka felt exactly the same way. I don't have to protect him from Ryoko, 
my life won't be one big chase... she smiled, pulled on the kimono 
Kiyone had given her and left for her spaceship, intending on a trip to 
the new Jurai.

Ryoko first stopped off at her old haunt, a beach that always had some 
pretty good guys around. She dodged into a changing booth, pulled on her 
new bikini from Tenchi and sunbathed (being another planet, it was sunny 
rather than snowy). At once all the men sidled up the beach towards her, 
trying to look discreet. Heh heh heh, just like old times! Ryoko smiled 
sexily at them, and they came even closer. Suddenly she gasped. Amoung 
them was her old boyfriend! She jumped up, and all of the people 
scattered other than him. He smiled at Ryoko.
"Ryoko. I thought i'd never see you again. Doing well?" Ryoko simply 
nodded, dumbstruck, but the tanned man continued.
"Still remember good old Makozu here?" she nodded again.
"I heard that you're going with Tenchi now?" (there was a hint of 
sadness in his voice).
"N-no, actually, how about we get together on a date?" Ryoko asked, 
recovering her ego. Makozu smiled agreeably, and they caught a space 
taxi too some of the best places.

Home at last! the princess had found herself in the middle of a ball at 
her palace, her parents welcoming her in and introducing her to Kasho, a 
nice man who she was privaleged to dance with.
"So, Princess Ayeka, I haven't seen you around here recently." Was I 
really this snobby? Ayeka asked herself, his voice seeming just a little 
too posh for her.
"Oh, I was on Earth, with, um, a boy called, um, Tenchi Masaki."
"Tenchi? The one who can summon the Light Hawk Wings?"
"Yes." Ayeka was led gently to the dance floor, still chatting 
compatibly with Kasho while dancing.
"Please, call me Kash. Much simpler." Ayeka blushed a teensy bit and 
followed his moves, not making too many mistakes.

*********************************************************************
At this point I would like to intervene with a few annoying comments.

*I know this isn't that good, but i'm not at my highest of writing 
standards currently.
*I'm going to write a better FanFic sometime, don't be scared by this.
*I took a vote on who Tenchi should fall in love with, all you fans.
*The next part takes place a few years later.
*It ISN'T the end...just I can't be bothered to write any more YET.

*********************************************************************
                                          CHAPTER 7: Who Your Real 
Friends Are

Kiyone sighed happily as the movie came to an end. She was sitting next 
to Tenchi in the back row, and now that they had been together 5 years 
she knew every expression on his face by heart. It was currently 
worried.
"Tenchi? What's wrong?"
"Oh...will you come home to the secret garden with me, Kiyone?"
"Uh, sure, I guess." the ex-police officer followed him to the spaceship 
he had been given by Ayeka when she had decided to stay and live with 
her husband Kasho. They flew home, Kiyone whispering small lines of 
poetry (a habit she had developed somehow over the years. It nearly 
always contained an element of humor [Mihoshi, in other words] or love 
[Tenchi]).
"Kiyone, you haven't seen any of the girls for ages."
"Luckily!"
"What?!?!"
"Just kidding!" they landed, and Tenchi led her over to the warm pool. 
It was summer now, and the air was filled with scents and smells from 
various flowers.
"I'm going to have to do this quickly!"
"What?"
"Hmm...how to start... Kiyone, you are my leading star, my sun..." he 
couldn't continue for Kiyone's helpless laughter and his own. It was 
quoted from the movie.
"Okay, okay, go on. Sorry."
"Well...willyoumarryme?"
"Pardon?" Tenchi took a deep breath, swallowed, and Kiyone interrupted.
"Oh! Uh..." Tenchi went bright red and got a nosebleed. Kiyone sighed 
and wiped it away with a tissue. Then she smiled.
"Yes, Tenchi, I will!" Tenchi sighed gratefully, and handed her a ring.
"Tenchi, it matches the locket you gave me all those years ago!"
"Yep, that's why I chose it."
"Oh, thankyou! But..."
"What, Kiyone?"
"Oh...nothing..." little did Tenchi know that Kiyone had recently begun 
to lose interest in Tenchi. Maybe if we get married our love will become 
stronger... Kiyone didn't realise that Tenchi was thinking the exact 
same thing - except he had begun to visit Ryoko more and more 
frequently.

A few days later Kiyone was standing at the shrine they were to be wed 
at. She was waiting for Tenchi...who would never arrive.

He was at Ryoko's apartment, kissing her.
"Tenchi...go...Kiyone..." her eyes blazed, and Tenchi weakened his hold 
on her.
"But Ryoko..."
"Tenchi..." he gripped her again. (Lets skip this bit, I don't like 
hentai).

Kiyone was furious. She stormed over to Ryoko's apartment, to tell her 
so-called friend what had happened. I'm pretty sure anyone reading this 
can guess what she found.
"T-T-Tenchi!"
"Kiyone? What are you doing here?"
"More to the point, what are you doing, Tenchi?"
"Uh...I..." Kiyone stamped over, slapped him hard across the face and 
left. Tenchi rubbed the hand-mark.
"Tenchi, it's okay, at least she knows now." Ryoko tried to comfort him, 
but he just sat there, fingering the red slap mark.

It turned out Kiyone's disappearing love for Tenchi had been wise. When 
she found out, she wasn't distressed or upset, just angry.
"Mihoshi, how could he do that?" Kiyone was happy to be back with her 
old partner, at her old job, at her old strong-point.
"Don't worry, Kiyone." 
"I'm not! I'm just furious!" Mihoshi nodded, feeling stupid.
"Here, have this present." she handed Kiyone a big bag of sweets. Kiyone 
smiled weakly.
"Thanks. I guess I really know who my friends are!" They hugged like 
true friends, and Mihoshi looked at her watch which had begun bleeping 
madly.
"Mihoshi! Mihoshi, where are you? We've waited 5 years for you to come 
and complete those tasks for promotion!"
"I, uh...oh..." Mihoshi fainted, and Kiyone just stood there looking 
amazed.
"Mihoshi? Promotion? But...but...why not me?"
"Sorry, Kiyone." Kiyone gasped, and walked out. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe 
you don't know who your real friends are. WHY DIDN'T SHE TELL ME?

Wha...where... Mihoshi's head throbbed. She looked at her watch. The 
superviser was still there. Kiyone wasn't. Well, in the room that is, 
not the watch...
"Mihoshi? Are you okay now?"
"Yeah. Where did Kiyone go?"
"I don't think she was too happy about you getting a promotion 
possibility and not her, then not telling her about it for five years."
"But...I forgot!"
"Well, come and do it now."
"Not if Kiyone can't come." Mihoshi staid stubbornly.
"Why?"
"Because she's better than me!"
"But...but..."
"Let her come!"
"Let me see...." the superviser checked his papers.
"Okay, she has done things worthy of promotion. She can come and join 
in. You must be very good friends."
"I thought we were." Mihoshi choked in a whisper too quiet for anyone to 
hear. She rushed outside.
"Kiyone! Kiyone, come back! He said...you...could come...and 
get...promoted!" her breath was slowly running out, but Kiyone still 
turned, her eyes alight with hope. She ran back.
"Really?" Mihoshi was too puffed to speak, so Kiyone handed her a bottle 
of water. Mihoshi drank some, coughed, and spluttered water everywhere. 
Kiyone laughed and cleaned her up.
"C'mon, Mihoshi, lets go shopping." Mihoshi nodded, and the walked away 
to Kiyone's spaceship.

                                                ~THE END~
