You know what I have to say about copyright.

Ai Muyo: No Need For Love 
				Chapter 2: A New Friend
	"Where can she be?" Jen was sitting in the forest, waiting for her 
arriving guest. It was about 3:00 in the morning, and nobody was around. Later 
that day Tenchi would be leaving for school, but living on campus. Jen had 
called for Miya to keep an eye on him, and pose as a student. At first she was 
reluctant, but finally agreed. Jen saw a bright flash coming from behind her. 
She turned, and standing there, backpack in hand, was Miya. 
	"What took you so long?" Jen growled. She wasen't a morning person.
	"You try going anywhere when your little sister is attached to your foot." 
she grumbled. Jen snorted. 
	"Looks like your going to have to camp outside tonight to keep everyone 
from seeing you." She sniffed the air before exiting the forest. Then carefully, 
she led Miya to the cave where her sister, Ryoko, had been found. A sleeping bag 
and some other items where back far into the cave for MIya to use. 
	"And just where are you going?" Miya asked as Jen turned to leave.
	"Back to the bottom of Tenchi's bed. Where else do you think I would 
sleep?" Jen turned to face Miya. "Why? You didn't expect me to stay out here 
with you, did you?" 
	"No. I don't expect anything from you or anyone else." Miya unzipped the 
sleeping bag and crawled in. She slept for what felt like an eternity until she 
was woke by the sound of an alarm clock. At first she thought she was dreaming, 
but then, was she? She decided she wasn't, so she climbed out of the sleeping 
bag, changed, and packed all the stuff she would need (books, pens, pencils, 
notepads, ect.) into her bag. Just like her sister had used years before, all of 
her clothes were in a pop-up wardrobe. Anything and everything she owned was in 
there. Before she had left, she had put food and beverages in her pop-up 
wardrobe to eat if she got hungry. Out of her bottomless pit pocket she pulled 
out a skillet and she matches. She went and collected firewood to create a fire 
and pulled out the ingredients to fresh okonomiyaki, and cooked it in her 
skillet. Before long, Jen showed up.
	"Miya, are you ready yet?" she asked grumpily.
	"Yes," Miya answered, shoving the rest of the okonomiyaki in her mouth.
	"Hey! How rude, you didn't save me any?" 
	"I didn't know you wanted any."
Jen made a fake mad look on her face that made Miya laugh. Jen was being the 
same as before. It seemed living in the past again didn't have an affect on her. 
But then, nothing ever did. 
	"C'mon, you need to get going soon!" Jen snapped.
	"Hmm..." thought Miya. "Perhaps she would make a good drill sargent..." 
The thought made Miya laugh out loud, and she received a evil look from Jen that 
made her laugh even more. Miya finished sipping her tea and put her fire out. 
After making sure there was no trace of her being there, she started along the 
long trail to where the bus would pick her up. Fifteen minutes after she got 
there, Tenchi joined her.
	"Oh, Hello! You live around here?" He asked in his alsways cheerful 
manner.
	"Uh, y-y-yes." She stuttered. Even though she new him, she was always 
pretty nervous when it came to confronting and conversing with other people. 
	"So, whats your name?"
	"Miya."
	"That's a pretty name."
	"Thanks."
	"So, where did you come from?"
	"I'm a foreign exchange student from America."
	"Really? That's cool."
Miya blushed. She wasn't used to a lot of attention.
	"Thank you."
	"So, Do you want to be friends?"
	"Sure...Um..."
	"Tenchi Misaki."
	"Konnichiwa, Tenchi-chan."
	"Woah, for an American student you sure know your Japanese. I'm 
impressed."
Miya felt her face grow hot again.
	"You live here?"
	"Yep."
	"It's pretty. I'm glad I came in spring. Cherry blossoms are so pretty." 
	Before Tenchi could respond, the bus going to Tokyo appeared in front of 
them.
