Do not sue me for any copyright reasons, and yes I did create some of these 
charicters, but only a few.

Ai Muyo: No Need For Love

				Chapter 1: Going Back

	Maiaka opened her eyes. The sun bathed her tree in sunlight. A thought 
occured to her, but was interupted by the small beep of her communicator. 
	"Hello? Maiaka speaking." She said to the small watchlike thing. 
	"Yo, long time no see." a firmilier voice said.
	"Jen!"
	"That's right, It's me. I'm calling on account of..." Maiaka cut Jen off 
before she could say anything else.
	"I get to come back?" She asked in an excited tone.
	"Not exactly..." Jen replied.
	"Oh, I can't wait!" Maiaka squealed.
	"MAIAKA!"
	"What?" She was having so much good luck lately, nothing could shatter 
this good moment.
	"You are not coming back."
	"Then why did you call?" She asked in a huffy voice.
	"I was hoping to speak to Miya," Jen explained.
	"Oh," Maiaka was silent for a moment, then dropped the communicator on 
Miya's head.
	"Ow," She complained, rubbing her head. "What did you do that for Maiaka?"
	"Jen wants to talk to you."
	"Hello?" Miya asked the communicator.
	"Yo, It's me, Jen."
	"Hello, Jen. You wish to speak to me?"
Maiaka sat on the tree branch, right above where Miya was sitting, and right 
under where Miyu was laying, eating a apple. There was a beep as Miya turned off 
the communicator. 
	"Well?" Miyu asked, shoving her apple in her mouth.
	"Jen wants me to go back on account of something that could be a threat in 
the future if it isn't closely watched."
	"What?" Maiaka and Miyu asked in curiousity. Miya just ignored them and 
went back to her book. After a while Miya stood up and walked off. Soon after 
she left Ami and her pet Chi-ohki and Maiaka's best friend, Miko joined them. 
Miko sat down on the tree branch next to Maiaka. 
	"I brought lunch for all of us." she smiled. That was Miko for you, If 
Sasami wasn't in the kitchen, she was. "Here," she handed everyone a bag. 
	"Oh, you brought me junkfood!" Miyu remarked when she opened her bag. If 
it wasn't junkfood, she wouldn't eat it. Ami and Miko laughed. She was sounding 
more like Maiaka's sister, Ryoko, every day. Maiaka rolled her eyes. 
	"I didn't have time to make anything fancy, so we'll have to settle for 
peanutbutter and jelly today." Miko laughed.
	"What's the matter with Miya today? She doesn't seem to be herself." Ami 
pointed out. That was just like Ami to worry about other people more than 
herself. 
	"Jen called," San-ohki said, digging into her bag, which was filled with 
homemade peppermints. 
	"So?" 
	"A phone call from Jen is enough to make anyone have a bad day." San-ohki 
commented. AMi giggled.
	"You're not being nice San-ohki." 
	"It's true,"
Ami giggled some more. 
	"What did she say?" Miko asked.
Maiaka chewed on her sandwhich some more. "Miya gets to go back again." She said 
in an angry tone. Miko almost choked.
	"I don't blame her for being unhappy!" She said. 12 years ago Miko had 
been rescued from spending her life locked in a cave. Ever since then, the 
mention of time travel made her uneasy. 
	"Relax, Jen said we don't get to come. I wonder why..."
