Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters, technologies, 
etc. are property of Pioneer and AIC. All other characters 
and ideas are property of the author and their use is 
prohibited except by consent of the author. Any similiarities 
to actual persons, events, etc. are purely coincidental and 
in no way makes the author liable. To sum up all this legal 
stuff don't steal my original characters and don't sue me for 
use of ones that aren't. 
Lullabye is property of Billy Joel and whatever his recording 
company is. I do not own the original lyrics to the song nor 
the song itself.

Tenchi Muyo!: Airs of the Past

Chapter 7: Origins

"Now entering the Coregor system," the onboard computer announced the location 
of the ship to the bridge even though the both the passengers were sleeping in 
their quarters at the time. The computer didn't bother trying to wake them. They 
had said that wanted privacy and there was no immediate danger that could be 
detected in the system.

Ryoko was laying in bed next to Tenchi's peacefully sleeping form. It wasn't that 
she couldn't sleep, just every once in awhile she would watch Tenchi sleep for old 
times sake. She reached over and ran her hand through his short hair and pushed it 
back, making it spike up like she did to her own hair. "Well it needs to be longer, 
but that'll work." She slid her arms around him and hugged him, "I love you, Tenchi." 
She could almost swear he smiled when she talked.

Ryoko found herself in a huge ballroom, she glanced around and saw Tenchi sitting 
at a table in the far corner from her. All across the room there were people dancing 
to a slow song. She still couldn't make the words out even though she knew she had 
heard it before. She glanced down at her dress and noticed it was different than in 
her last dream like this. It was black trimmed in red. It reminded her of her battle 
armor with the how the colors were and the way it hugged her form, but it also came off 
of her shoulders and waist to create a very elegant looking dress. She spun around once 
and noticed that Tenchi had saw her and was now standing across the room staring at her. 

Just then the lights dimmed in the room and a new song started playing. Ryoko 
didn't remember the music itself, but when she heard the words she couldn't help 
but smile. It was the song Tenchi had sang to her when she was having nightmares 
about Kagato. (A/N: Lullabye. Chapter 6)

Tenchi was already in the middle of the room and motioned for her to join him. 
She looked at the rest of the people, they had all moved to the sides of the room 
for Tenchi. She stepped out across the room and two lights from the ceiling 
highlighted Tenchi and her. She put one hand on his shoulder and the other took 
his hand. Tenchi moved his free hand to her waist and they danced as the crowd 
watched and the lights chased on them. 

They were both quiet for a few minutes then Tenchi finally broke the silence, 
"Am I dreaming?"

"I think so, Tenchi, and even if this is a dream, I want it to last forever." 

"How will we know if we're dreaming? How will we know if we actually had 
this conversation?" 

"That's simple, tommorow, just ask me the same question you did earlier and if 
I answer the same way I did then we'll know." 

"I love it when you act so smart."

"I love you, no matter how you act," she pretended to pout.

"You know I love you no matter what."

Aeka was exhausted. It had been one month since she arrived on Jurai and 
aside from taking time for the bare neccesities she had been reading during 
her entire stay. Currently, she was busy browsing a political history book and 
letting her mind wander. It really was a boring task, especially after so long 
of doing nothing but that. She was almost sorry she had promised to go back to 
earth at this point, especially since Washu had called and said that the problem 
had been solved. 

She knew that there were plenty of reasons to go back though, more reasons to 
return than not. First and foremost now in her mind were her friends. Sasami 
would be crushed if Aeka told her she wasn't coming back, or she would unwillingly 
return to Jurai too. As much as she hated that Tenchi had chose Ryoko, she knew 
that he would miss her. Even though Ryoko had said they despised each other, in 
reality they had grown close while trying to win Tenchi's love. Aeka wouldn't admit 
it, but Ryoko had become a close friend. She was almost sure Ryoko felt a similar 
kinship with her also. 

She had also made a promise and honoring her word, as the Crown Princess of Jurai, 
was important and essential part to one day being a ruler of her people. It would 
bother her to break her promise just because her principles were higher than that 
anyway.

Besides, Washu's solution was not exactly permanent or she could give up her 
search. All it meant was the next time someone wanted to mess with Tenchi they 
would have to do it in person. It was altogether possible that this man would. 
He had been to earth already after all, so coming out of hiding to attack was 
not out of his reach.

The book she was skiming over seemed familiar. It was an account of a malcontent 
rising when Aeka was young. It had happened right after Kagato had attacked Jurai 
via Ryoko. Some of the Jurains had felt angered that Yosho had gone alone with no 
help to chase her. Others felt that no one should have chased her for fear of 
provoking her into returning to Jurai. 

In the end the liberal Jurains fled, disgusted with the government that refused 
to pursue the Space Pirate further than sending out a lone prince after her. Other 
malcontents and outcasts went with them most of them were not very important. 

"Oh, this is so boring!" Aeka was alone in the library so it didn't matter if 
she was loud. She let out a sigh and flipped the page. Then she almost fainted. 
The person in the picture on the next page, it was him! 

"WOO HOO!" She couldn't help it, she stood up and jumped around like Mihoshi. 
She almost fell over until the circulation got back to her legs which had fallen 
asleep on her. Then she grabbed the book and ran out of the library as fast as 
her legs would carry her. 

Ryoko awoke and saw Tenchi across the room putting on his shirt. 
"G'mornin, handsome."

"Good morning, beautiful. I have a question for you," he looked at her expectantly.

She sat up and rubbed her eyes, "Go Ahead."

"If I was to ask you am I dreaming what would you say?"

Ryoko got up and slowly walked over to Tenchi. She took one hand in hers and 
put the other on his shoulder just like she did in the dream, "I would reply 
I think so, Tenchi, and even if this is a dream, I want it to last forever." 

Tenchi stood there stunned for a minute, "How did we just do that?"

"I don't know, but right now I don't really care how." 
 
Aeka ran into the throne room of the Jurai palace. She had already packed 
the few items she had taken the time to unpack. Now all she had to do was let 
her family know that she was leaving already. 

"Aeka, you are going back to see that unworthy boy again so soon?" Azusa didn't 
even get a chance to show Aeka his next arranged husband. Aeka hadn't told her 
family about Tenchi and Ryoko for that very purpose. 

"Yes, I found what I came here for so now I'm heading back to earth."

Misaki was tearful and proceeded to crush the life out of Aeka, "Oh, My Little 
Aeka, I hate to see you go so soon. Make sure you tell Sasami I miss her."

"I will mother, I must be off now though, my ship is already waiting for me," 
she bowed and quickly walked out of the room. 

Outside the throne room Zari Motae awaited the princess, Aeka had asked him to 
escort her to the ship. Aeka was almost running when she left the throne room. 
She bumped right into Zari. Once he had gotten off the ground Zari extended his 
hand for Aeka, "We really should try to stop meeting like this, Aeka."

Aeka blushed a little, "Oh, I'm sorry, Zari"

"Well the ship is waiting for us, everything is all prepared."

Tenchi and Ryoko eventually made it to the bridge of the Sorrowful Oni. Today 
would be the day that they would get to the reckage of the ship. They were both 
a little anxious and jumpy. The ship had been out of Jurai territory for four days 
now and it would take them at least that long to get back. The ship was now visible 
and the remains made it look like it was once was a fairly decent 
sized fighter craft. Most of it wasn't intact but there was a large section in 
the middle of the reckage that looked to be in good shape. 

Tenchi was looking over the remains of the ship, "Washu, does that large section 
there have an air supply inside?"

The computer took more scans before answering, "Affirmative! That section of the 
ship has been sealed off and in theory it has escaped all effects of the explosion. 
Either way that part of the ship has power and atmosphere, but no propulsion."

"Is there anyone in there?"

"I've found one cryogenic chamber that seems to have been deactivated recently. 
If a life form came out of the chamber it is either no longer aboard or blocking 
sensors."

Tenchi cast a quick glance at Ryoko, "Shall we go?"

"I didn't come all this way just to leave without some answers."

The computer watched for a minute, "Should I teleport you over there?"

"Yeah, just pick somewhere that looks safe." 

The last word was barely out of his mouth when he found himself standing in a 
dimly lit corridor. Ryoko was with him, already in her battle suit. Tenchi didn't 
say anything but he loved the way the form fitting suit accentuated her body. 
Tenchi bit his tongue. It wasn't the time or the place to get a nosebleed.

"Tenchi? TEN-CHI!" Ryoko was waving her hand in front of his eyes.

He popped out of his thoughts to see Ryoko staring at him looking a little angry 
and happy at the same time. "What? What did I do?"

"So what were you thinking about, hmmm? All I know is you were staring at me off 
in your own little dream world, Naughty Tenchi." She slapped his hand lighty with 
a mocking smile on her face. 

"I suppose if you need to know I'll tell you later, lets concentrate on this right 
now," he made a motion towards the rest of the ship.

"You seem to be concentrating on something other than the ship," she laughed and 
then turned to walk deeper into the core of the section. 

Tenchi quickly donned his own battle armor and pulled out Tenchi-ken, then he ran 
to catch up with her. 

Tenchi was getting quite lost especially since Ryoko obviously forgot Tenchi 
couldn't follow her through walls. The way she had gone was a dead end. Tenchi 
started to wander through the halls of the ship. He came upon many rooms filled 
with crates and empty storage compartments. He was getting quite annoyed. 

Ryoko left Tenchi standing there in his daze and came upon a dead end. She thought 
nothing of it though and just phased through like she normally would. 

She entered a dimly lit room. She could see a faint icy blue glow coming from 
the still powered cryogenic bed. Across the room there was a small blinking red 
light. She slowly made her way over to the light. She got close enough to see it 
was just a camcorder set on record. Ryoko reached over and flipped it off and as 
she did she heard a deep voice behind that definitely wasn't Tenchi's.

"By Tsunami, I never thought I'd see you again."

Ryoko phased out and back in facing the voice, "Who are you and how do you know me?"

The man was still covered in a shroud of darkness, "I was on Jurai when you 
assaulted it, Space Pirate Ryoko. It is inadvertantly your fault we have met 
here today."

"I'll ask you again, who are you?"

"Don't bother trying to attack me. There is a class eight dampening field in here 
that will prevent our energies from affecting each other." He stepped out of the 
darkness. It still didn't help Ryoko recognize him. He was covered in a dark cloak 
and hood that looked Jurain. She could make out the rifle holstered on his side and 
the energy sword hanging loosely from the other side of his belt.

"What's your name, bounty hunter?"

"Seven hundred years of captivity haven't made you lose your touch, have they Ryoko?" 

"How do you know about that?"

"I always follow my allies and enemies, or those who are both, no matter how 
powerful they may be. Being my prime driving force, I followed you and sifted 
through your history very carefully. I know more about you than most any other 
person. Besides Washu, of course, and possibly the crown prince. I know all about 
Kagato. If I hadn't followed your history I would have died by 
your hand now."

"Well, You do know me, but how intricately? You're not very confident are you?" 

"I know my limits and I know that they are too low to beat yours, for now."

"So, hunter, why then consider me an enemy?" Ryoko smirked at him.

"Given the right circumstances anyone could beat anyone else. Besides that I don't 
consider you an enemy anymore. As I said, I learned of your past. I know about Kagato 
and seven hundred years of captivity is plenty of time to stew, so in my eyes your 
sentence has been served." 

"You are a Jurian, and you lost something in my attack on Jurai, yet you still can 
forgive me?"

"Sasami is a Jurian Princess and she forgave you. I'm not even a traditional Jurain, 
so it was easy for me. Not to mention your attack had good points and bad points. If 
it hadn't happened, I wouldn't a bounty hunter."

"So what's your name, hunter?"

"Persistent aren't we?"

"Yep."

"You can call me Bial Kallia," he threw off the cloak to reveal jet black hair tied 
back in a long ponytail. She saw the bright green eyes from the beacon recording. 
He was a little taller than Tenchi, but his cheek was scarred and his face gave him 
an air of belligerence.

"You Illegitimate Noble Son of a Bitch! How the hell did you end up out here?"

"So Pirate, care to spar with a hunter? I'd like to take a shot at you for old 
times sake."

Ryoko smirked a bit as Bial threw of his rifle and sword "Heh, no weapons?"

"Right now they are just extra weight," he stretched his arms and then lunged at her.

He threw the first punch straight for her head. She easily dodged to her right 
and countered with a right hook. Bial brought up his left arm and pushed the powerful 
blow away. Then he brought his knee up and hit her in the gut. He payed for it though. 
She caught him square in the face with solid left. They stepped away from each other. 
Bial was wiping the blood from his nose. Ryoko was trying to catch her breath. 
(Normally it wouldn't matter but she wanted to fight him on level ground.)

"I had to feel that strength first hand again."

"Still got a strong counter in that knee, Kallia."

They both screamed in unison as they charged each other again, "HAAAAAAAA!"
 
Tenchi heard Ryoko and someone else yell from down the hall. He charged into the 
room Tenchi-ken ignited and stared at what he saw there. Ryoko and a man Tenchi didn't 
recognize were sprawled out on the floor, their limbs tangled together, throwing muffled 
punches and kicks. 

"Uh.. Ryoko? What's going on here?"

They both noticed Tenchi at the same time. Ryoko phased out and back in standing 
next to the heap on the floor that was Bial Kallia. He stumbled to his feet and wiped 
some more blood from his nose.

Ryoko smiled at him, "Um, hehe, hi, honey, allow me to show you the ships resident 
and the reason for our presence here." 

Bial Kallia was on his feet. He looked up and bowed his head, "My lord, I am at your 
service." At the same time he cast a glance at Ryoko and whispered under his breath, 
"You never said he was with you."

"Don't worry about that, Bial, he doesn't exactly plan on taking the throne, ever. 
Formality meant for royalty is a waste on an earthling," Ryoko punched him in the 
shoulder. 

"If he chooses one of the princesses over you he might," Bial shot back at her 
punching her in the shoulder in kind.

Ryoko walked over to Tenchi and kissed him, "There is plenty that can change in 
six months." 

Tenchi stood there with a dumbstruck face, "Ok, what am I missing here?"

"Right now, Lord Tenchi, I do believe we should get out of here," Bial seemed more 
than anxious to go.

Tenchi nodded and called into a comm the computer had sent with him, "Washu, we are 
ready to go, there are now three of us."

Washu's voice called back over the comm, "Successful in retrieval then?" 

Ryoko grabbed the comm, "Yea, now get us out of here, dammit!"

Bial shook his head and laughed, "Same old Ryoko."

Aeka was well on her way to earth, She had called Washu and asked that they would 
be ready for her arrival. She had surprised Washu when she told her that she was 
bringing a friend with her. Zari Motae had plenty of leave since he had no family and 
no where to go with it. He had always wanted to visit Earth and now would be the 
perfect time.

The Sorrowful Oni was starting it's journey back through space towards Jurain 
territory. The group of now three was in a lounge Ryoko and Bial were trying to 
explain to Tenchi just how they had met and long they had known each other.

Tenchi was sitting quietly trying to understand all that he was being told. 
Ryoko was talking at the moment, "Before I was controlled by Kagato, I was on Jurai 
for awhile. When I was there that was the first time I met Aeka and Bial here was a 
nobleman's son living at the royal palace. I ended up meeting him one day and we 
became good friends. Even though I could whip his scrawny ass in a fight!" 

Bial cut in, "Hey, we were pretty even physically until you started to use your 
abilities."

"I was a kid, whaddya want from me? Anyway, Tenchi, once I left Jurai I never saw 
him again, until now, that is. When I attacked Jurai I never saw him, thank God, 
but I did run into his father..." Ryoko trailed off and hung her head recalling the 
painful memory.

Bial came over and patted her on the back, "If I can forgive you for it, you damn 
well better forgive yourself, or do I have to beat some sense into you like i 
just did?"

"Hey I matched you blow for blow back there, buddy. Well, anyway, Bial gave up his 
position and left Jurai, he followed Yosho down to earth and am I correct in assuming 
would have attacked me had Yosho failed?"

Now it was Bial's turn to hang his head, "I could have killed you back then, The fight 
with Yosho left you weak and vulnerable even if you had won. I almost did come down and 
kill you after Yosho sealed the cave."

"It just so happens that Bial has been monitoring me since then, up until six months ago, 
watching my every move." 

"When Kagato attacked you I was actually on my way to earth, but I didn't get there 
until the battle was long over. When Clay captured Ryoko I debated trying to save 
her but then Washu figured out who Zero was and it was easy enough for You and Washu 
to rescue her from there. I never did have good timing. I was in Coregor on a errand 
I thought was routine until my ship was attacked and from there I just waited for 
rescue or death. I think you know what happened from there."

Tenchi nodded throughout the story and still had plenty of questions for him, 
"So what's with you and Ryoko fighting like rabid dogs?"

"Before she left Jurai, we sparred together and it really pissed Aeka off if we 
did any damage. There wasn't much she could do though, other than yelling at us."

"Why did you never let us know you were there? It would seem Ryoko and you are 
still friendly to each other."

Ryoko chimed in, "Yea, It would have been nice to see you again."

"I never did because I didn't know if you would remember me or how you felt about 
me. You did murder my father after all so the guilt had to weigh on you. Also, I 
didn't know if I could control myself around you. I was angry for my father, guilty 
for thinking of killing you when you were at your weakest and most vulnerable, saddened 
to see what had become of my closest friend, until you dug her out of the cave that is, 
and slighted for a time that she had survived, until I came to terms with it and forgave 
her. It all boils down to I didn't know if I would try to kill you or cry on your shoulder."
He paused for a second and lost alot of the serious tone in his voice, "I'm glad this 
happened though, now I can stop lurking in the shadows and get back to kicking your 
sorry ass around the quadrant!"

"We'll see about that!" Ryoko threw a small energy ball that Bial sidestepped. 

"No fair! You always did cheat!" he backpeddled out of the room.

Ryoko kissed Tenchi on the cheek, "I'm gonna go relive one of the best parts of 
my childhood, see you later." with that she flew out of the room after him.

To be Continued....

Author's notes: So what's everybody think of my Bial Kallia idea? Im not trying 
to steal the spotlight from the main characters though so don't get worried. Anyway, 
the story is really starting to heat up. I'm just as anxious to get there as you are 
so.. bye bye. As always send Questions, Comments, Critism, helpful little tidbits 
of information, or acclamations of praise to make me want to write faster 
[don't matter if you do I'll write anyway, but it couldn't hurt now could it? :) ] 
to: kemanorel_7@yahoo.com

PS I noticed a formatting error and have attempted to correct it. If you see any 
clerical errors with my story please let me know, OK? Thanks.





