Aishiteru
Chapter 1- Experimentations

Story by Mirei-chan (Tanyaneko@aol.com)
Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo and the characters.  Pioneer and AIC
(bless them for all of their cool animes) own them.  So now, don't go around
and sue me.  'Cause I said it.  So there.  And besides.  You wouldn't be
able
to get any cash out of me.  You most likely will not believe I'm a starving
author, but it was worth a shot anyways.

Thanks to Keirye and Meistarr for reading this for me.  They were a really
big help!

Well anyways.  Now to get on with the story.  This is gonna be my first-ever
posted fanfic (the rest of them stayed in my notebook for only my cousins to
read, but they keep nagging me to send one in, so now I'm writing one) so I
hope you like it.  n.n  By the way...I really like e-mail...(hint-hint) and
I
don't care if you scream my head off...I really really like email.  So if
its
praise, flames, or ideas, I don't care.  Just email me please!

    Sasami tossed and turned on her futon.  She whimpered, her eyes shut
tight.
    **She was running away from something.  Something was coming to get her.
Then she was strapped to a machine.  Suddenly she was somewhere else.  She
was falling.  "Someone help me!" She tried to find something to grab onto.
"Please!  Please someone!"  Tears were trickling down her face.  She hit the
ground, and blood pooled around her.  "Tsunami...help me...Tsunami...please!
I need help! Someone please...where are you, Tsunami?  Where are you?**
    Sasami woke up screaming.  She got up and tiptoed to the hallway.  She
slowly knocked on Tenchi's door.  A groggy Tenchi got up and opened the door
to see Sasami standing there.
    He rubbed his eyes and then looked at her.  "What are you doing here,
Sasami-chan?  Shouldn't you be sleeping?"  Then he saw the tear streaks on
her face.  He hugged the little princess.  "What's wrong, Sasami-chan?"
    "Tenchi...I had a bad dream.  I dreamed I fell...like the day the other
Sasami died.  And this time Tsunami didn't come to help me."  She began to
silently sob again.  She then looked up.  "Can I sleep in your room,
tonight,
Tenchi?"
    He scratched his head and looked around to see if Aeka or Ryoko were
around.  He knew they'd never hurt Sasami, but you never could guess what
those two could do if they got jealous.  He was actually quite scared about
what they'd do to *him*.  *Ouch*, he thought.  Then, seeing the coast was
clear, he quickly grabbed Sasami into his room and shut the door.
    Sasami looked around and then climbed into Tenchi's bed.  She fell
asleep, feeling much better and safer now that Tenchi was there to protect
her.
    Tenchi looked at the little girl sleeping in his bed.  He pulled up an
extra futon and lay down on it.  He wasn't some hentai, after all.

    The next morning, Sasami woke up and saw Tenchi lying on the floor.  *He
didn't need to do that*, she thought.  "Tenchi, I know you aren't ecchi like
your dad," she whispered.  Then she tiptoed out of the room to make
breakfast, careful not to make any noise and wake up Tenchi.
    She walked into the kitchen, surprised to see two girls there.  She was
usually the first one up.  "Uh, oh," she said under her breath.  Ryoko and
Aeka really did not look happy.
    Ryoko had fiery look in her eyes that Sasami was just a little bit
scared
of.  "Where were you last night, Sasami-chan?"
    "Yes," Aeka continued. "I didn't see you last night, Sasami," hinting
with her voice that if she was where she thought she was, something very bad
would happen.
    *Well, what's the very worst that could happen to me if I tell them the
truth?  Aeka's my sister.  She wouldn't hurt me, would she?  And I know
Ryoko
doesn't hate me like she hates Aeka...I really wish they would stop
fighting.
 But right now I'm not supposed to think about *that*.  I have to think
about
what I'm gonna say to them...Oh.  Now I know what to do!*  With that, Sasami
began preparing breakfast.  Aeka and Ryoko facefaulted.  Big time.  Sasami
cheerfully smiled and continued looking through the cabinets.  *Our budget
must be really, really low now.  I can hardly find anything to cook!
There's
only one thing in this whole house...carrots.  Now, what can I do with
carrots?*  Sasami walked out to the carrot storage area.  Ryo-ohki woke up
as
Sasami passed her and followed her.  When Sasami, not noticing her, closed
the door, Ryo-ohki phased through it.  After bumping her head once, of
course.
    When Sasami left, Aeka and Ryoko decided to do some detective work.
Ryoko suddenly smiled and floated slowly towards the door.
    The princess stared at her with a look of loathing.  "You awful
lecherous
mummy woman!  Where do you think you are going?"
    Ryoko smiled.  "To Tenchi's room!  And I'm gonna kiss him and hug him
and
then he's gonna find out how much better I would be for him then you would
and then after that, I'm gonna-"
    "H-how dare you!"  The princess was practically seething with rage.
"You
must not disturb Tenchi-sama while he is sleeping!  Although you of course
would know nothing of manners..."
    "Oh, put a sock in it, Princess.  You're just getting mad at me because
I'm going to do something that you would never have the guts to do."  Ryoko
smiled again and continued to move towards the door.
    "You are not going to dishonor Tenchi-sama in that manner!"  The
princess's forcefield crackled into place.  Little mini-logs surrounded the
area as the bright orange glow of Ryoko's energy sword filled the room.
    Meanwhile, upstairs, Tenchi was having a scary nightmare.  Suddenly he
woke up to sounds of *CRASH* and *BOOM*.  *Oh no.  They're at it again.*  He
got up, moved so he was sleeping on his bed, and tried to go back to sleep.
    Downstairs, the two girls were continuing their fight.  An energy blast
threw Aeka outside.  Ryoko flew through the broken window, blasting left and
right in an attempt to hit the princess.  Aeka was doing pretty much the
same
thing, with yells of "Take that, you monster!" added in.  Without knowing
it,
they were getting nearer and nearer to the carrot shed.  Suddenly, the two
blasts met each other right over the shed.
    In the shed, Sasami went around, picking just the right carrots and
attempting to keep Ryo-ohki out of them.  All of a sudden, she felt a shock
as the energy blasts hit the roof.  Without warning, the shed collapsed
around her.  The shelves toppled and she looked up, only to see countless
baskets of carrots coming down on her, followed by a gigantic rack.  *Oh, my
gosh!  Someone help me!*
    Outside, Ryoko and Aeka looked to see the damage they had done.  They
slowly moved closer to the shed, and then saw Ryo-ohki climb out of the
rubble.  The same though crossed both their minds at seeing the beat-up
little creature.  *Oh no...what if Sasami-chan was in there?*  They began to
frantically tear apart the debris.  Ryoko screamed, "Ryo-ohki!  Get Washu!
And quick!"  The little cabbit tore toward the house at breakneck speed,
full
of concern for the sweet little blue-haired princess.  As Ryoko, lifted off
another broken shelf, she saw locks of sky-blue hair.  "Aeka!  Come here!
Help me!"  They both lifted all the debris off of Sasami.  They were shocked
and happy to see that, aside from the fact that there were a few minor cuts
and bruises and the fact that she was unconscious, Sasami was perfectly
fine.
 Aeka looked closer.  The power mark on her forehead was glowing.  And they
weren't Sasami's triangles.  They were the dots of Tsunami.
    Then they saw the child-like scientist come up behind them.
    "Washu-chan.  I am glad to see that you are here.  My sister does not
seem to be hurt, but anyway, could you...?"
    "Of course!"  Washu now had on a nurse's outfit.  A stretcher floated
over and placed Sasami on top of it.  The little girl stirred and the dots
were replaced by her own marks.
    In Washu's laboratory, almost the whole family was present.  Washu was
working away on her laptop. Yosho was there, with a look of contemplation
across his face, along with Tenchi, who looked very worried.  Ryoko was
hovering concernedly above the stretcher, and Ryo-ohki sat by Sasami's head,
miya-ing and fidgeting.  Noboyuki stood by with a camera, and Aeka was
behind
him.  "Excuse me, though you may be the father of Tenchi-sama, this in not
the time for that camera.  My sister may be very sick, and-"
    Sasami had gotten up.  "Hi, everybody!  It's nice of you to all worry
about me, but I'm fine.  Tsunami came and protected me."
    "Yes.  Her story matches my research."  Washu looked up from her
keyboard.  "According to my analysis, through Tsunami, Sasami was able to
form the Light Hawk Wings, as a shield from the debris, similarly to the way
you can, Tenchi, except Tsunami was there to help her.  If it's okay with
you, Sasami-chan, I'd like to do some more research."
    "Okay, Washu-chan.  No problem.  Maybe through your research, you can
give me a way to really talk to Tsunami.  I want to thank her."  The little
princess smiled and hopped off of the stretcher.  At that moment, everyone
heard a gigantic crash in the lake.
    The whole group ran out to the site of the crash.  Then they saw Yagami.
A very wet and very mad Kiyone climbed out of the water followed by a
confused and also dripping wet Mihoshi.
    "Mihoshi!  I thought I told you not to press that button!  If you land
like that one more time, we're gonna get kicked out of the galaxy police!
Now, would you like that?"
    Mihoshi looked like she was about to cry.  "I-I'm sorry K-Kiyone!  But,
b-but I didn't m-mean to!  I was just b-busy with my police policeman action
figures!  Oh no!  My action figures!  They're probably ruined!"  With that
Mihoshi sat on the ground and started bawling.      Kiyone sweatdropped.
After Mihoshi and herself had both regained composure, she asked, "How's
Sasami?  We came as soon as we heard!"
    Sasami happily walked up to them.  "I'm fine, but I have to go to the
lab
becuase Washu-chan has to do some experiments on me!  I just hope she's done
in time for me to make dinner..."  She then followed Washu into the
laboratory, (very quickly, becuase Washu was trying to get in before Mihoshi
wrecked anything.)
    Washu then had Sasami sit in a chair.  Okay, I guess I can start by
figuring out how old you will be when you fully merge with Tsunami.  The
exact age came up on the computer.  Washu pushed it back a few days for
safety.  Suddenly, Mihoshi walked in.  And she tripped and pressed a button.
Sasami disappeared in a brilliant blaze of light.  Then an older Sasami
appeared in her place.  Washu was very very mad.
    "MIHOSHI!  LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE THIS TIME!"  Mihoshi broke a bunch of
equipment in her haste to get out of the lab.
    Washu then began to contemplate what Mihoshi had done.  *Hmm.  So it
seems that Mihoshi must have pressed the button that made Sasami the age set
on the computer.  Good thing that I set the age back or else she might have
merged with Tsunami, and then it would be irreversible.  I just have to
press
the button to change her back and-* Washu saw the machine.  Mihoshi had
broken this.  *Oh goody.  This is gonna take a while.*
    Sasami had by now gotten up.  She smiled at Washu.  "Are the experiments
done yet, Washu-chan?"
    "Um..yes Sasami-chan...of course..."
    "Okay!  I'm gonna go make dinner now!"  With that, she happily skipped
out the door.
    "Ano...I don't think it would be a good idea to go out-"  She heard
everyone scream, "there."  She let out an exasperated sigh.  *Too late*.
    She walked outside to the kitchen where everyone (except Mihoshi) was
staring in shock.
    "I guess I have a bit of explaining to do."

So, people, how did you like it?  E-mail me...it's my very first posted
fanfic and I really wanna know what you all think! n.n
