
Part 17  

Yukio stood outside on the dock with his eyes raised to the sky.  There was a 
slight breeze and the sun was bright and hung high in the sky.  
"Staring at the sky again?"  Kiyone said as she walked to the Yagami.  
Yukio nodded.  
"Why?"  Kiyone was running a maintenance check on the ship.  
"For some reason it clears my mind."  He stared over at Kiyone.  "Hey Sis..."  
He was embarrassed slightly.  
"What?"  She said somewhat lifelessly as she stared at the maintenance screen.  
"Would it be okay if I married Akina?"  He scratched his head.  
"WHA?"  Kiyone's eyes were bulging.  "
Well you see I think it would make her feel better to know that we were married 
legally."  He said.  
"You're telling me that you and my little sister ran off for a year, had a 
baby...."  She ran to him and grabbed his neck.  "And you haven't even married 
her yet!?"  She shook his head and tried to choke him.  
"Well, we've always believed that we were married by our heritage."  Yukio broke 
free.  "Listen up bud!  You better go out right now and find a wedding ring for 
her if you want my blessing!  NOW GO!"  She shouted and Yukio quickly flew out 
of Earth.  "And don't steal it!"  She shouted.  
"Steal what?"  Akina shot down from the sky and landed on the dock.  
"Uh!  Nuh Nothing!"  Kiyone laughed.  
"Uh, right.  Hey Kiyone I got that job at the construction site."  Akina reached 
into her book bag and pulled out her contract.  
"Really?  But a ton of people applied for that job, how did you manage to bag it 
so easily?"  Kiyone said curiously.  
"Well..."  Akina was recalling what happened.

"Are you serious?  Listen here girl this is a job for a man not a woman!"  The 
construction manager laughed. 
"Oh Really?"  Akina growled at him.  
Listen toots, sure I'd give ya the job but you have to have strength, and 
clearly you don't have that strength. That's why I need a man for the job."  He 
grinned.  
"Is that so? Let me tell ya somethin bud, I may look sweet on the outside but in 
reality I'm the strongest women on this planet."  She smiled.  
"Hah, you hear that boys?  We have the strongest women in the planet here!"  The 
other workers caught a glimpse of her and laughed.  "Okay Okay, here's the deal.  
If you can lift that concrete pipe over your head and spin it on your finger 
than you've got the job."  He said in a cocky way.  
"Is that it?"  She groaned and ran over to the 20 ft. tall pipe.  Akina shot one 
hand under it and held it over her head and spun it on her index finger.  
"Im....Impossible!"  The manager and the crew stared in shock.  
"Start writing up the contract boy!"  she grinned and set the pipe back on the 
ground.

"Akina, honestly you shouldn't show off your power in front of the earthlings!"  
Kiyone growled.  
"I know but that guy had it coming."  Akina smiled.

Meanwhile on the Jurai Military Camp.
"Hey did you guys hear?  Juro got himself a girl on Startica."  One of the 
trainee's grinned.  
"Really?  What does she look like? She must be really hot to get his attention."  
another laughed.  
"I didn't see her, next time I see Juro I'll ask."  The trainee said.  
"Her name is Kioko, a Ratixian with unique powers like mine.  She's at least 7 
or 8 years old, her hair is blondish gold and her eyes are teal, she's a 
Universe Forces Trainee."  Juro walked into the training room.  
"Oh, so now I bet you wanna join the forces to huh?"  One of the trainee's 
laughed.  "Actually, they've accepted me.  I'm leaving to train with Kioko on 
Earth in a day or so."  He grinned as the other trainee's mouths dropped.  
"You.....you were accepted into the Universe Forces!?"  One trainee gasped.  
"A soldier of my caliber has too many talents not to be wasted as one of Emperor 
Azusa's soldiers." Juro smiled and walked out of the room.  

Yukio landed on an ice covered planet and was hit by it's intense wind.  "man 
it's cold!"  He rubbed his arms and stared at his watch.  "This planet's 
temperature is 309 degrees below zero.  That means I only have 30 seconds or 
I'll turn into a Ratixian cycle."  He groaned and held up his hand.  "Now, one 
of the rarest gems in the universe is on this planet,  Akina is like that gem.  
Untouchable by any other man but me."  He shot his hand into the ground and had 
a look of intense pain on his face.  His hand slowly shot out of the ice and he 
held a bright blue gem in his hand.  "Time for me to get out of here."  He 
quickly shot out of the planet and held the gem proudly in his hand.

Later Akina and Kioko were in Washu's gravity chamber.  "Kioko, your still not 
focusing your energy.  Now clear your mind of everything and focus your energy 
into a shield around your fist."  Akina said.  
Kioko's muscle's tensed and she held her fist back, a small shield formed around 
it.  "Now!"  Akina shouted.  
"GRAVITY SHIELD!"  Kioko punched it and it made a dent in the wall.  
"Very good!"  Akina smiled.
"Thanks Mommy."  Kioko was trying to catch her breath.
"Tomorrow I'll teach you the shock wave technique, but right now Raikon is 
waiting for you on the practice ground."  Akina said.
"Okay, I'll see ya later Mommy!"  Kioko ran out of the chamber and out of the 
lab.
"Washu punch the gravity level up to 9000 times earth's normal gravity."  Akina 
stared at the control console.  
"Your funeral."  Washu groaned and punched a button, Akina was hit by the 
intense gravity.  She held both her fists back and formed a large shield around 
them.  "Gravity Shield............."   She was trying to keep her footing and 
focus at the same time.  "TIMES 500!"  A large shield shot out and made a large 
crater in the wall.
"I'm cutting off the gravity!"  Washu announced and ran into the room.  "Now I 
have to admit that attack was one of the most amazing things I've ever seen but 
now I have to make a new chamber."  Washu pointed at the wall.  "Sorry about 
that miss Washu."   Akina fell to her knees and was gasping for air.  "Akina are 
you okay?"  Washu patted her back and Akina screamed out in pain.  "Washu get 
back.....argh!"  Akina was trying to keep herself from combusting.  "Akina, get 
on the med. table as soon as you gain control."  Washu walked out of the 
chamber.

Kiyone finished the maintenance check on the Yagami and stared up, Yukio was 
getting ready to land on the dock.  "Did you get her a ring?"  Kiyone stared at 
him.  "Yeah."  He opened a small box and showed her a faintly glowing blue gem 
in a silver band.  "Yukio?  How the hell did you get your hands on that thing?" 
Kiyone gasped and knew he had to have stolen it.  "I went to the ice planet 
Sarneisa and found the gem, had it carved and sold the leftover gem fragments to 
pay for the ring."  He smiled and closed the case.  "So, how are you going to 
purpose to her?"  Kiyone groaned.  "When I know the moment is right, so do I 
have your blessing?" he smiled.  "Yeah, I guess."  Kiyone groaned.

Meanwhile in the ocean....
"Yes, it is my gem..."  The force chuckled as it hovered around a glowing green 
gem.  "But I must not make myself known yet, there are great powers on this 
planet which I must destroy!"  It laughed.

Back at the Masaki shrine, Araumi was sitting on the shrine's roof and stared at 
the afternoon sky.
"Hiroshi, as every day passes my lust to be with you becomes stronger.  I know 
that someday I will see you again, and when that day comes I will......"   
Araumi hugged her knees and blushed.  
"You'll what?"  Ryoko appeared next to her.  
"Ry....RYOKO!"  Araumi glared at her and growled.  
"So, Hiroshi is his name eh?"  Ryoko grinned.  
"You saw us!?"  Araumi said. 
"Yup, and what are you going to do when you see him again?"  Ryoko grinned.  
"THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!  And at least I'm in love with a man not someone 
that is 5 years younger than myself!" She shouted.  
"You bitch!"  Ryoko growled.  
"Bring it you old hag!"  Araumi growled back.  
"What are they fighting about?"  Kioko and Raikon were watching the two from the 
practice field.  "Have no idea."  Raikon shrugged his shoulders.

