Note:  There are two ways to spell Ayeka (Aeka).

Part 6
This is going to be one of the hardest fanfics for me to write!  I'm runnin low 
on ideas! Anyway, my penpal ( a.k.a Raikon)  came up with a character named 
Raikon and soon the fanfiction starring Raikon will be up, I'm pretty sure the 
name of his fic is No Need for the Tiger so as soon as it's up check it out!  
I've already read it and it kicks ass!   I forgot what Raikon looks like, gomen 
nasai (I'm sorry).

Kiyone looked around a chamber and saw the others chained on a wall around her.  
"Finally one of you are awake."   Kiyone stared at a man that was chained up on 
the wall next to her.  "Who are you?"  Kiyone's eyes were wide.  "My name is 
Raikon, you're Kiyone Makibi aren't you?"  He smiled.  "How did you know my 
name?"  Kiyone raised her eyebrow.  "That bastard Masahiro has plans for you."  
Raikon tugged against his chains.  "What kind of plans?"  Kiyone gulped.  "Don't 
worry, he's not going to kill you."  Raikon looked up.  "He's going to use you 
against Akina."  Raikon stared down at the floor than at the south wall.  "How 
do you know about Akina?"  Kiyone was starting to feel uncomfortable.  "I'm 
Juraian, I'm supposed to know these things."  he pointed his finger up and it 
began to glow.  "Close your eyes now."  He fired a mini beam up and it bounced 
off the ceiling, off the floor than the south wall and broke Raikon's chains.  
"How long have you been in here?"  Kiyone stared with disbelief.  "Just got in 
here."  He broke Kiyone's chains.  "Now be quiet."  He stared at the door.

"Hang on sis, as soon as I find that bastard I'm going to blow his freaking head 
off!"  Akina growled.  "Akina!  Wait!"  Yukio caught up with her.  "Yukio, 
where's the Yagami?"  She looked behind him.  "Kiyone wasn't the only one 
Masahiro captured, he took Aeka, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and Tenchi."  Akina's 
eyes widened.  "I'll kill him!"  She started to fly but Yukio caught her arm.  
"Hey, don't try to go head on with this guy without a plan."  Yukio growled.  
"Let me go!"  She snagged away from him.  "My sister and my friends are in 
danger how can you just stand there and not have the slightest bit of worry in 
your mind of what that man is going to do to them!?"  Akina shouted.  "Don't let 
your emotions get the best of you Akina."  Yukio sighed.  "What are you talking 
about!?"  She growled.  "Just look at your arms."  she held it up and saw a gold 
plates outlining her muscles going from her wrists to her elbows.  "What is 
this?"  She tried to take them off.  "Armor, the more enraged you become the 
more armor appears on you.  The legend is that this armor can only be used by 
the two Ratixian warriors, but each part of the armor appears from a need from 
within to protect someone."  Yukio pulled up his sleeves and showed the armor on 
his arms.  "It appeared after Masahiro darted down to Earth, I'm not letting him 
destroy this Galaxy."  He pulled his sleeve down.  "More armor is going to 
appear on you and me until it covers every muscle in our bodies,  and it will 
only appear when we are in a crisis like now."  She stared back down at her 
arms.  "Let's hurry!"  She sensed a powerful Juraian energy signal.  "That must 
be Tenchi, common!"  She teleported.  "Hey!  Would you two slow down!"  Ryoko 
growled and teleported as she approached their teleport point.

"Excellent."  Masahiro grinned to himself.  "What is it master?"  An android 
looked up at him.  "That energy that is coming from those two Ratixians,  I must 
have it!"  He tightened his fist.  "That one named Yukio seems rather close to 
Akina, she must be his bride."  He looked down at the android.  "He must be the 
strongest Ratixian, I'll take his energy first, but I must use Kiyone to lure 
Akina here, surely Yukio will follow her."  An alarm went off.  "What?"  
Masahiro stared at the screen.  "Kiyone and Raikon have escaped their cell!"  
The Android quickly grabbed a gun and ran out of the room.  "Damn Juraian."  
Masahiro growled.

"Where are you taking me?"  Kiyone demanded.  "To my ship, I know Masahiro has 
it docked here somewhere."  He stared ahead and saw a fleet of Androids coming 
at them.  "Get down."  Kiyone pulled out her blaster but was shocked when Raikon 
sent out a blast from his hand and destroyed the fleet.  "How did......"  
Kiyone's eyes were wide.  "No time to explain."  He picked her up and held his 
hand out.  "YAAAAAA!"  He fired a beam through the wall.  "There it is."  He 
flew them up into the ship.  "You're a Juraian soldier?"  Kiyone scratched her 
head.  "Something like that."  He grinned as he ran over to the control panel.  
"Saikyou, let's get out of here."  The control panel lit up and displayed a 
picture of Yukio and Akina.  "Akina!"  Kiyone stared at the screen.  "We can't 
leave yet, Saikyou sees them as a threat."  he shut the system down.  "Until 
they arrive we need to stay hidden."  They hid under the panel.  

Akina grabbed her stomach and her eyes squinted shut.  "Are you okay?"  Yukio 
stopped.  "Yeah....I'm fine."  She ignored the pain and kept flying until she 
saw Masahiro's ship.  "There it is."  Yukio was worried about Akina's pain.  
"Let's make our entrance!"  Akina held her hand out.  "YAAA!"  She shot a hole 
in the ship and they flew in.  "I'll find Masahiro, you go set the others free."  
Akina darted down the main hall.  "Be careful Akina."  Yukio quickly blasted his 
way down to the dungeon.  "Get him!"  Androids charged at him.  "Hmph, this is 
pathetic!"  Yukio destroyed them in one blast.  "Yukio!"  He turned around and 
saw Sasami huddled up on the floor with cuts all over her body.  "Sasami, are 
you okay?"  He bent down and helped her up.  "You're helping me?"  Sasami had 
disbelief in her eyes.  "You bet, where's the others?"  Yukio stared around.  
"They're chained up in that cell."  she pointed to an open door.  "Looks like 
someone already made their way out."  Yukio ran into the cell.

"Well, well well,  what do we have here."  Masahiro grinned.  "If it isn't the 
bride of Yukio."  He got up from his throne and stared down at her.  "I'll make 
you pay for what you've put my friends through!"  her energy sword shot out from 
her hand at him.  "Nice try."  he caught it.  "Where's my sister!?"   She 
growled at him.  "Her, I believe she was killed by my Androids."  Masahiro 
laughed.  "NO!"  Armor appeared on her legs.  "Armor!?"  Masahiro gulped.  "I 
won't let you complete your transformation."  He shot her against a wall and hit 
her with many blasts.  "Stop!"  Raikon stood in the entrance with Kiyone.  
"You."  Masahiro held his hand up and prepared a beam.  "You two get out of 
here."  Akina staggered to her feet.  "No, I'm not leaving you here."  Kiyone 
supported her.  "You three aren't going anywhere!"  He fired a beam down.  
"YAAAAA!"  Raikon hit the beam back at him.  "Damn Juraian, even if I lose this 
battle I will not allow the Ratixian warriors to live!"  He fired a beam down at 
Akina.  "AAAAAARRRRRGGHHHHHH!"  she grabbed her stomach and felt armor plates 
had formed on her abbs.  "Akina?"  Kiyone was shocked.  "Get out of here Kiyone, 
I'm going to destroy the ship as soon as everyone gets out."  Akina got to her 
feet.  "I'll meet you all back at earth now get everyone and get out of here!"  
Akina demanded and charged at Masahiro.  "Kiyone, go ahead I'll stay behind and 
make sure nothing happens to her."  Raikon smiled.  "Thanks."  Kiyone smiled 
than ran down a hall.

"Everyone one wake up!"  Yukio shouted.  "Huh?  IT'S  YUKIO!"  Mihoshi started 
to panic.  "Everyone it's okay he helped me, he's trying to help you to."  
Sasami smiled.  "Ya!"  All the chains broke off of their arms and feet.    
"Interesting."  Washu was walking around Yukio and held out one of his arms.  
"My experiment was a success!"  She grinned.  "What?"  Yukio's eyes widened.  
"It was me that created your new body after all."  Washu folded her arms and 
held her head up.  "Let's hurry!"  Yukio growled but Washu stopped him.  "I 
wasn't completely under your trance that day.  "She grinned.  "Besides you 
better relax Yukio."  Washu opened her eyes.  "You've got chest plates now."  
Everyone noticed the gold plates on his arms and neck.  "What?"  He looked down 
his shirt.  "My armor is almost complete, it wouldn't form so fast 
unless........."  His eyes widened.  "Akina!"  he darted out of the cell.  "What 
did he mean Washu?"  Tenchi shouted as he ran.  "That armor formed on the 
legendary Ratixian warriors from long ago.  It took hours for that armor to form 
but it formed much faster if one of the Warrior's mates was in danger."  Washu 
gasped for air.  "Mate?"  Aeka groaned.

"Face it Akina, it's impossible to beat me."  Masahiro grinned.  "It might be 
for me, but I know for a fact, that not even the emperor of Jurai can beat 
Yukio!"  Akina grinned as she formed her sword.  "We'll see about that."  Raikon 
grinned and formed a sword in his hand.  "Huh?"  Akina stared back at him as he 
charged at Masahiro.  "KIYAAAAA!"  Masahiro quickly fired an energy ball down at 
him but Raikon hit it away.  "Is that the best you can do?" Raikon grinned.  "I 
deal with you later!"  he shot Akina through the chest.  
"AAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!"  Akina fell back and grabbed her chest in pain.   
"Miss Akina!"  Raikon stared in shock and quickly glared up at Masahiro in rage.

"ARGH!"  Yukio stopped.  "What's wrong?"  Washu stared at him.  "AKINA!"  He 
charged at Masahiro's door and knocked it down.  "Yukio, so you decided to die 
as well."  Masahiro grinned as he pointed to Akina's near lifeless body lying in 
her blood.
"No!"  He ran over to her and held her up.  "Akina, can you hear me!?"  He shook 
her shoulders.  "Everyone let's move!"  They all ran over to them and picked up 
Akina.  "Yukio, you deal with this guy and I'll bring Akina back."  Washu made a 
peace sign as they ran out of the room.  "You're not going anywhere!"  Masahiro 
shouted at them and fired a beam down.  "I'll kill you for this!"  Yukio hit the 
beam away.  "Now you're going to see a legend be reborn!"  Yukio started to glow 
with energy.

							TO BE CONTINUED.......
						

