This is Part 5 of my story. I'm not sure if the name of Kiyone's planet is 
Ratixa or not but please don't send me emails if I'm wrong.  

Sasami was having a terrible dream, a man was laughing hideously yet 
victoriously as he attacked Akina, Yukio.  "No Stop fighting!"  Sasami cried 
out.  "Sasami get out of here quickly!"  Akina shouted back at her.  "NOOOO!!!"  
Sasami ran towards them.  "Sasami look out!"  The two warriors jumped in front 
of a beam coming at Sasami and fired back at it only to be killed on the spot.  
"NO, AKINA, YUKIO!!!"  Sasami quickly woke up screaming.  "Sasami are you 
okay!?"  Aeka was startled.  "I had a nightmare."   Sasami wiped tears out of 
her eyes and stared at Aeka.  "Oh Sasami, everything's okay it was just a 
dream."  Aeka smiled.   "I hope so."  Sasami thought to herself.

Akina and Yukio sat outside of his ship and stared around at the galaxies around 
them.  "Do you sense that?"  Akina said as she kept looking.  "Yeah, but I don't 
know where it's coming from."  Yukio flew up and realized that a large group of 
stars were moving.  "What the!?"  His mouth nearly dropped.  "What is it!?"  
Akina flew up next to him and stared at the object.  "I don't know."   He stared 
closely and saw arms were formed out of each star.  "Wait a minute, those aren't 
stars!"  He saw devious little grins on their now visible faces.  "Akina shoot 
down as many as you can!"  Yukio shouted back at her as he fired a large beam 
into the herd.  "Yukio wait!"  The beam destroyed a few of them but they quickly 
darted off in a direction.  "Their heading for Earth!"  Akina and Yukio quickly 
flew after them.  

Ryoko stretched her arms out and stared up at the sun.  "Couldn't be any more 
boring."  She moaned and closed her eyes.  "Ryoko!"  Her eyes quickly opened and 
she sat up.  "That voice......."  She scratched her head than noticed the group 
of stars falling for the planet.  "I guess things won't be so boring after all."  
She grinned and prepared a beam.  "Ryoko look out!"  She heard the voice again.  
"Who is calling me!?"  She thought to herself as she fired the beam up and was 
shocked as the remaining group of stars began to fall faster.  "WHAT!?"  Ryoko's 
mouth dropped.  "Ryoko what are you doing out here!?"  Aeka shouted but then 
also noticed the stars.  "Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu everyone get out here!"  Aeka 
shouted at the top of her lungs and they soon came out.  "What the hell!?"  
Kiyone stared.  "Kiyone, Mihoshi fire!"  Ryoko shouted as she fired another beam 
up.  "No stop they fall faster when you fire at it!"  Washu shouted at them.  
"They're gonna crash!"  Kiyone and the others ducked for cover.  "YAAAAAAAA!"  A 
huge beam destroyed the remainder of the stars.  "What!?"  Ryoko looked up and 
saw cinders fall to the ground.  "Who destroyed them?"  Aeka stared at everyone.  
"I didn't do it."  Ryoko insisted.  "Look up there!"  Sasami pointed at to 
figures in the sky.  "That's...........that's Akina!"  Washu's mouth dropped.

"My energy has been destroyed."  A man sitting on a throne growled.  "That 
Makibi girl is an annoyance!"  He growled when an image of Akina appeared on a 
screen.  "But that other Makibi, would be the perfect bait to capture Akina, and 
that fool Yukio will surely follow her."  He grinned as an image of Kiyone 
appeared as well.  "Master Masahiro, what are you planning to do?"  A robot 
stared up at him.  "Well......"  He came out of the shadows, his hair was blood 
red and his eyes were the same color.  "I shall dispose of anyone of them that 
have a strong energy level."  He grinned.  "But master, it would be suicide to 
try and........"  The robot was quickly destroyed.  "No one is stronger than 
me."  He growled.

Akina and Yukio stared down at the group.  "We should get going."  Yukio looked 
over at her.  "Yukio..........can't we just go down there and see if they're 
okay?"  Akina said hopefully.  "We have to see if any more of those things are 
coming for Earth, after that than you can see them."  Yukio flew out into space.  
"I guess he's right."  Akina sighed and followed him.  "Hey wait where is she 
going!?"  Kiyone stared up at them.  "She's probably going to see if those 
things are still hanging around the atmosphere."  Washu shrugged her shoulders.  
"I'll go see what they're up to."  Ryoko jumped off the roof and flew after 
Akina and Yukio.

"Master we are 20 miles away from the Earth."  The robot looked back at him.  
"And I see we have a welcoming party."  he grinned as he saw an image of Akina 
and Yukio on the computer.  "Let's not be rude."  He got up from his chair.

Akina and Yukio were stopped by Ryoko.  "Akina, what are you doing!?"  Ryoko 
glared at her.  "Ryoko, we're looking for those star things.  They could still 
be flying around here."  Akina's eyes widened when she saw the man behind Ryoko.  
"Who are you?"  Yukio glared at him.  "I'm Masahiro, King of warriors,  Prince 
of Battles, Duke of........"  Akina and Ryoko were staring at him.  "Is he a 
dumbass of something?"  Ryoko whispered to Akina.  "How dare you insult me!"  
Masahiro growled.  "Okay buddy, your wasting our time so get out of the way!"  
Yukio growled.  "Actually it is you three who are wasting my time."  He blasted 
them out of the way and darted down to earth.  "That BASTARD!"  Akina teleported 
back to the Masaki house.  "Why is it that the enemy always want the people in 
the Masaki household!?"  She groaned when she saw him coming in it's direction.  
"KYAAAAAAAAA!"  She fired a energy wring around him.  "Hah!  This is all the 
legendary female warrior of Ratixa can do!?"  He threw the wring back and it 
trapped her.  "NO!"  She struggled to get loose.  "Akina!?"  Kiyone ran outside.  
"Aha, so there you are!"  Kiyone vanished.  "Kiyone! What have you done to 
her!?"  Akina shouted up at him.  "You'll find out soon Ratixian, that's as if I 
don't kill you first!"  He prepared to fire a mini beam but sensed Ryoko and 
Yukio's energy coming.  "Then again, I'll spare you for the time being."  He 
grinned and was a little shocked for some reason.  "She isn't transforming into 
the armor, hah, she's not a Ratixian warrior after all."  He thought to himself 
as he vanished "You coward! ARGH!"  The wring started to become tight and cut 
into her skin.  "Akina!"  Yukio broke the wring off of her.  "Ryoko, get Mihoshi 
to operate the Yagami and follow my energy signal!  Yukio, you wait for everyone 
and as soon as you're in space try to catch up with me."  She quickly 
teleported.  "There she goes with the orders again."  Ryoko shrugged.  "Hey wait 
a minute."  Yukio ran into the house.  "What is it?"  Ryoko's eyes widened when 
she saw the house was completely empty.  "Everyone!?  Where are you!?"  Ryoko 
shouted.  "Washu's lab door is gone."  Yukio ran outside and flew after Akina.  
"What the hell's going on?"  Ryoko stared around.









