Borrowed a spell line from Belldandy for this fanfic*
Part 23

	"THIS IS THE END!  FOR YOU CURSED RATIXIANS!"   Tanaka laughed and pitched 
the orb towards the planet.
"NOOOOOO!"  Kohana shot after it.
"KERAAAAAA!"  Raikon held his hand out and blocked the attack with an electric 
field.
"What!?"  Tanaka stared in shock, how could a Juraian block his attack? 
"He has amazing power within him."  Kohana thought to herself and looked over at 
Yukio, Kioko and Juro.  "Form your most powerful shield!"  She shouted.
"Should we do what she says?"  Juro looked over at Yukio.
Yukio nodded and held his fists back.
"Mom....."  Kioko stared at Kohana for a second then got in position.
"GRAVITY SHIELD>>>>>>>>>>"  The three were forming a combination shield.
">>>>>>>>X5000!!!"  They aimed at the orb and shot the shield.
"NOOO!"  Tanaka tried to dodge it but it was too big.  "DAMN YOU.....ARRGH!"  He 
was damaged.
"Alright!  They got him!" Mihoshi cheered.
"Not quite, he may be damaged but the darkness is supplying him with more 
energy!  If only there were some way to clear the clouds!"  Washu stared up at 
the sky.
"How dare you...........I will destroy you!"  Tanaka glared at Kohana and lunged 
at her.
"MOM!"  Kioko shot a golden beam into his chest.
"You little brat!"  Tanaka glared at Kioko.
"I won't let you kill my mom!"  She shouted and darted into the sky. 
"KIOKO NO!"  Yukio flew after her and noticed the armor that was forming on her 
arms.  "She's evolving."
"The spawn of Kohana, I will crush you into oblivion!"  He began to glow with a 
mysterious dark crimson energy.
"I am Kioko Makibi!"  She growled and fired another golden beam at him.  
"Daughter of Akina Makibi and Yukio Kinrah, the Legendary Ratixian Warriors!"  
She shouted.
"You're no match for me!"  He shouted and fired a beam against hers.
"TANAKA!"  Yukio shouted and hit him from the side.
"Everyone!  Let's help them!"  Juro had armor forming on his body as well.
"LET'S GO!"  Tenchi charged up his sword and the others lunged into the sky.

Meanwhile on Jurai.
	"Oh no..."  Funaho could sense what was happening on Earth. 
"What is it sis?"  Misaki walked up behind her.
"They are all in great danger Misaki,  The possessor of Darkness has emerged." 
"Oh!  We should send the military to help them!!!  MY POOR BABIES!"  Misaki 
panicked.
"Sister, all of them are more powerful than the Juraian army and the Galaxy 
police combined, the future of the universe rests on their hands."  Funaho 
grabbed the balcony rail and sighed.  "Everything rests on their hands...."  

	"You are nothing more than flies compared to my power!"  Tanaka hit Ayeka 
aside and grabbed Tenchi's sword.  "I will destroy the Ratixians then the 
Jurai!"  He punched Tenchi into the ground and glared at Raikon.  "THE UNIVERSE 
BELONGS TO ME!" 
"I'll never allow it!"  Raikon shouted and held his hands up.
"What?"  Tanaka stared as static bolts began to form around Raikon's body.
"KerrrAAAAAA!"  A giant lightning bolt struck him hard.
"DIE!"  Ryoko formed her energy sword and rammed it through Tanaka's back.
"You FLEA!"  Tanaka spun around and punched her to the ground.

	"RYOKO!  Not you too!"  Mihoshi and Sasami were helping the ones that were 
down.
"I got my sword straight through his back but it still wasn't enough...."  Ryoko 
tried to sit up.
	
	"Kohana, you have to get out of Akina's body now!"  Kiyone demanded.
"No!  Not yet!"  Kohana said and prepared an attack.
"Listen to me!  If you stay inside of her any longer you both will die!"  Kiyone 
grabbed Kohana's shoulders.
"It doesn't matter, as long as I defeat Tanaka."  She broke free from Kiyone's 
grip and lunged at him.
"KOHANA!"  Kiyone shouted and flew after her.

	Tanaka struck Kohana's attack aside and tried to punch her.
"HerrrRAAA!"  Yukio rammed his fist into Tanaka's side and quickly shot 20 feet 
back.
"Kohana, Kiyone get back!"  He formed a golden orb in his hands.
"You......"  Tanaka grinned and appeared behind Yukio.  "I'm going to enjoy 
killing you the most!"  He grabbed his neck.
"KINHA!"  Juro and Kioko shot a golden beam at Tanaka's head but caused no 
damage.
"Then again, maybe I should let you watch as I kill your daughter."  he grinned.
"No.......DON'T!"  Yukio gasped for air and struggled to break free.
"YUKIO!"  Raikon formed an energy blade and cut off Tanaka's arm.
"AAAAARGH!  DAMN YOU!"  Tanaka shouted and grabbed his shoulder.
"I'll show you the true power of the Ratixian race!"  Yukio's muscle's bulked 
and he hit Tanaka into a mountain.
"He got him!"  Kiyone smiled.
"No, if he did the clouds would have disappeared!  He's regenerating all the 
energy he lost!"  Kohana shouted.
"What can we do?"  Raikon looked over at her.
"There's no other choice, I have to use all my energy and life force to defeat 
him."  She began to glow.
"NO DON'T!"  Yukio, Kiyone, and Raikon tried to stop her but she was already at 
the mountain.
"TANAKA!  DIE!"  She began to fire numerous beams at the mountain causing it to 
explode.
"FOOL!"  Tanaka appeared behind her and grabbed both of her arms.  "You won't 
defeat me this time!" 
"KIYA!"  Araumi struck him from above with her elbow and grabbed Kohana.  "What 
the hell do you think you're doing!?  Are you trying to destroy Akina!?"  Araumi 
growled at Kohana.
"You bitch!"  Tanaka grabbed Araumi's head and hurled her into the ground.
"ARAUMI!"  Kohana stared down and her then glared back at Tanaka.
"What?"  He stared as the rims of her eyes began to turn blue.  "I see......"  
He grinned and looked over at the last five fighters.
"You're starting to loose your edge."  Kohana's voice changed.
"What?"  Tanaka glared at her.
"I've seen all your moves, and I know what you're thinking."  Kohana grinned.
"You're bluffing....."  Tanaka laughed. 
"Oh?  I am, am I?"   Kohana brushed the dirt off of her shoulders and stretched 
her arms.  "Let's put it this way,  Ryoko, Tenchi and the others are almost 
healed and have pretty much seen all your moves too.  Even if you beat me right 
now the others will come at you from all sides, so basically you're a dead man."  
She grinned.
"You trust in those fools to defeat me!?"  Tanaka laughed evilly.
"Not only them, but I trust in Akina as well......"  Kohana closed her eyes.  "I 
finally understand....."

	The Darkness around Akina separated and a golden aura surrounded her body.  
"Warm light...."  
"Akina."  Kohana appeared before her.  "The time has come, are you ready?"  
"What do you mean?"  Akina asked.
"It is time for us to part, I have served my purpose in the mortal realm.....and 
now I want you to take my place."  Kohana smiled.
"Take your place?"  Akina was confused.
"Along with the possessor of light, you too posses the power to vanquish 
Tanaka."  Kohana hugged Akina and a tear rolled down her cheek.  "You are like a 
daughter to me, so please be careful."  
"Don't worry, thank you Kohana......"  Their spirits passed through each other 
and Akina flew towards the light.

	"What?"  Tanaka stared as Akina's body was surrounded with a golden aura.
"Latent power of mine, that which was sealed away.......RETURN TO ME IN THE FORM 
OF LIGHT!"  The aura grew brighter, Akina's hair turned light blue and became 
fine.
"This.....this power?  Who the hell are you!?"  Tanaka growled.
"I am Operative First Class Akina Makibi of the Universe Forces,  you are 
charged with the crime of attempted murder....."  Akina held her hand out and 
Tanaka was hit back with an incredible force.

	"Akina!"  Kiyone's eyes began to fill with tears and her heart filled with 
joy.
"She's back!"  Yukio's hair turned dark green.
"Rrr......"  Raikon's arms began to cover with glowing feathers.
"Raikon!"  Kiyone stared at him in shock.
"Heh.........it's alright, this is the final step.......to defeat Tanaka."  
Raikon started to gasp for air as more feathers formed.

							To be continued............

