
 
Part 18

Sasami opened the lid to the stew she was making and had Ryo-Ohki sample it.  
"So what do you think?"  Sasami smiled.  
"Mmmmmmmeeeoww!"  Ryo-Ohki danced around the counter top.  
"I knew you'd like it, now it should be ready in at least one more hour."  She 
put the lid back on and Ryo-Ohki sighed in disappointment.  
"Hey that's not fair!  Ryo-Ohki got to sample it last time!"  Mihoshi whined.  
"I'm sorry Mihoshi I forgot."  Sasami gasped.  
"Oh!  I'm so hungry!"  Mihoshi whimpered as she walked out of the kitchen. 

Kioko stood on top of a bamboo pole with a practice sword tightly grasped in her 
hand.  "Get ready Kioko."  Raikon and Kiyone stood on opposite sides of her with 
ten rocks in their hands.  "Remember Kioko, rely on your senses."  Raikon said 
as Kioko pulled her head band over her eyes.  "Now!"  Raikon and Kiyone shot the 
rocks at her, Kioko's sword twirled in her hand as she blocked each one.  "Try 
this one!"  Raikon lifted up a boulder and tossed it at her.  Kioko quickly 
dropped her sword and formed an energy blade and sliced the boulder in half.  
"Good work!"  Raikon smiled as Kioko pulled her head band up.  
"I did it!"  She smiled and fell off the pole.  
"Kioko are you okay!?"  Kiyone helped her up.  
"Yeah."  Kioko sat back down and rubbed her feet.  "That pole hurts!"  She 
sighed.  "Let's continue."  Raikon picked up a practice sword and waited for 
Kioko to get ready.  "Uncle Raikon, I don't think I stand a chance against 
you...."  Kioko gulped as she picked up her sword.  
"Don't worry Kioko,  I'll only use the abilities that I've taught you, okay?"  
He smiled.  "Okay."  Kioko was relieved and got into her position.  
"Ready?"  Raikon smiled.  
"Hai!" Kioko was gripping onto the handle tightly.  "YIAAA!"  They both launched 
at each other and slammed their swords together.  
"ARGH!"  Kioko growled as she tried to keep her ground.  "There!"  She shoved 
her sword above his and released her strength,  Raikon's sword shot up and 
tossed her into the air.  
"She sure is a quick thinker."  Kiyone smiled as Kioko landed behind Raikon.  
"HIYA!"  She flung her sword out but he vanished.  "Huh?"  She stared around and 
felt something tap her back.  
"You're dead."  Raikon teased and mussed her hair.  
"Hey, I did better than I did yesterday!"  She tried to straighten her hair out. 
 "Yup, I was surprised by that one move you just pulled."  He smiled.  
 "Thanks."  Kioko smiled back.  

Meanwhile in Washu's lab.  "I'm so close, I have to find out who this Kohana 
is."  Washu had bags under her eyes and was tapping continuously on the 
computer.  "Tracing file, tracing file.................."  The computer buzzed.  
"File Found."  A document pulled up.  "Finally!"  Washu opened the document.

Akina and Araumi were heading towards Jurai on the good old spacecycle.  "Hey 
Araumi, how long are you going to stay on Jurai?"  Akina said.  
"It depends."  Araumi said.  
"Oh, well anyway that one recruit better be ready for me to pick him up that's 
all that I can say."  Akina smiled as they entered Jurai's atmosphere.  
Later Akina parked the spacecycle in front of the Jurai Military camp and jumped 
off.  "I'll see ya later Akina!"  Araumi darted off into the city.  
"She was in a hurry."  Akina smiled and walked into the building.

1 hour later..........
Kioko and the others walked into the house and sat at the dining table.  "I'm 
soo tired!"  Kioko sighed and plopped her head on the table.  
"Be proud of yourself Kioko, you did a good job."  Kiyone patted her on the 
back.  
"Hey everyone, lunch is almost ready!"  Sasami called from the kitchen.  
"Great, I'm starved."  Kioko's head shot up.  
 
Meanwhile in Washu's lab...........
"Kohana///////////lvl500,000,000,000////////////////"  The computer screen began 
to buzz.  "Hey, don't give up on me now!"  Washu hit the computer and the screen 
focused.  "So you've finally found me........"  A voice came from the computer.  
"What?"  Washu started at the computer.  "This is a message to you Washu, If you 
are this desperate........." the computer began to buzz again and Washu quickly 
hit it. "......to find out who I am, access the Juraian Network 
System...........you will see......."  The screen went black.  "Was that 
Kohana!?"  Washu was shocked. 

half an hour later........ 
Later Akina arrived back on Earth with Juro.
"Welcome to Earth Juro, now remember that when you are around other earthlings 
you must never use your powers."  Akina said.  
"I understand, this place is rather primitive in technology isn't it?"  Juro 
smiled as he stared at the forest.  "However, these thick forests remind me of 
Ratixia."  He said.  
"Come to think of it, it does doesn't it?"  She directed him to the house and 
slid open the door.  "Everyone, I'm back."  Akina announced.  
Kioko was in her room working on homework.  "Momma!"  She quickly scrambled to 
her feet and ran downstairs.  
"Kioko!"  Juro smiled at her.  
"Juro?  Oh my god!"  She quickly ran up to him.  
"Have you two met before?"  Akina said.  
"During Startica."  
"Oh, so he's the guy you met?"  Akina gave Kioko a teasing glare.  
"So is this the new member to the household?"  Tenchi and the others walked into 
the room.  
"Everyone, This is Juro, Juro this is Tenchi, and they're Kiyone, Raikon, Ryoko, 
Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki." Akina noticed his eyes were wide.  
"How did you all come to meet one another?"  Juro felt that he was in a living 
hall of fame.  
"Long story."  Ryoko said.  

On Jurai, Araumi walks slowly around the city until she makes it to Hiroshi's 
apartment.  
She pressed a button and waits patiently.  "Coming!"  Hiroshi's voice called out 
from his apartment.  The door quickly flies open and Hiroshi stood in the 
doorway with nothing on but a pair of pants.  "Araumi!?"  He was shocked.  
"Hiroshi, hi!"  She was staring at his chest and trying to keep herself from 
getting a nosebleed.  
"I can't believe it!"  He was laughing and let her come in.  "When did you come 
back?"  
"Awhile ago."  She said.  
"Hey, I'm sorry it took me so long to get to the door, I was taking a shower 
when the bell rang."  He ran into his room to put a shirt on.  
"A shower...."  She thought to herself and felt blood come slowly out of her 
nose.  "Oh damit!"  She grabbed a tissue and held it to her nose.  
"Araumi are you okay?"  Hiroshi came into the living room.  
"It's just a nose bleed."  she was blushing crimson.  
"Oh, I can fix that for you."  he put his finger on her nose and her nosebleed 
was gone.  "Hiroshi, you're a healer?"  Araumi smiled at him.  
"Sort of....."  He blushed.  "So what brings you to Jurai?"   
"No reason really.."  
"How long are you going to stay?"  
"It depends."  
"Well you can stay her if you want.  You can sleep in my room and I'll sleep on 
the couch bed."  Hiroshi smiled.  
"No that's okay I don't want to put you through any trouble."  Araumi blushed a 
darker red.  
I insist, besides I have this week off from work."  He smiled.  
"Well, Okay."  She smiled back.

Meanwhile Lord Katsuhito was busy sweeping the temple steps at the shrine.  "Old 
man, I challenge you!"  A high pitched voice laughed.  
"Hmm?"  Katsuhito raised his head and saw a gnome with a sword tightly grasped 
in it's hands.  
"I am sorry, but I decline your challenge."  Katsuhito continued to sweep until 
the gnome sliced the broom in half.  
"You really have no choice!"  The gnome growled and hit Katsuhito with an 
unknown force.  
"Argh, if you insist on fighting me......."  Katsuhito grabbed a practice sword.  
"You don't honestly think you can beat me do you?  I guess I'll have to use all 
of my special techniques on you!"  Something hit Katsuhito in the back causing 
him to collapse.  "How?"  Katsuhito noticed he was surrounded.

Raikon's head snapped up.  "Brother."  He ran out of the house and stared at the 
shrine.  "What is it?"  Kiyone and the others ran out with him.  
"Yosho is in danger."  He formed a sword in his hand and flew towards the 
temple.  "Grandpa!?  I'll go get my sword!"  Tenchi ran into the house.  
"Kioko, Juro, Ryoko, follow me!"  Akina formed a sword in her hand and they 
followed.  "I think they can handle this one."  Kiyone thought to herself.
 
"And now, you die old man."  One of the gnomes laughed and prepared to stab 
Yosho in the back.  Just then a bolt of electricity shot into the gnome's sword 
and toasted it.  "You only have one chance to leave or die."  Raikon landed next 
to Yosho.  
"Oh yeah?  And what makes you think you can beat us!?"  The gnomes laughed until 
they noticed Raikon was grinning.  
"I have friends in high places."  He pointed up and four orbs shot from the sky 
and killed several of the gnomes.  Akina, Kioko, Ryoko, and Juro landed around 
Raikon.  
"You bastards!  I guess we'll just have to destroy you all."  the last gnomes 
fuzed together into one large gnome.  "Prepare to die!"  It held it's sword high 
in the air.  
"Oh no you don't!"  Kioko pulled her head band over her eyes and shot at the 
monster.  "KAAA!"  It hurled it's sword out but missed the small warrior.  
"Kioko, use your triple blade spin!"  Raikon shouted.
Kioko spun her sword into a disk and threw it through the gnome three times.  
"DAMN YOU!"  It separated into three smaller gnomes and jumped at her from all 
sides.  "YIIA! HIYAA! KIYAA!"  Kioko had hurled her sword out three more times 
and destroyed the gnomes.  
"Kioko you did it!"  Juro ran over to her.  
"I did?"  Kioko pulled her head band up and saw the remains on the ground.  
"I DID IT!"  She jumped and cheered.  
"I guess all that training came in handy."  Ryoko smiled.  
"Uncle Raikon, thanks!  If it wasn't for you I wouldn't have been able to defeat 
them!"  Kioko hugged him.  
"Your welcome." Raikon hugged her back and smiled.

Meanwhile on Ratixia, Yukio walked to a hill and sat down.
"I'm sorry that I haven't come to visit you recently,  I've kinda had my hands 
tied up."  He stared up at the sky.  "I bet you're wondering how Kioko is doing?  
She's doing fine, everyday she's becoming as strong and as beautiful as Akina.  
She really wants to come to Ratixia and see you but I don't think she would 
understand......"  He sighed and placed a golden spear (type of Ratixian flower) 
in front of a tombstone.  "I'm not sure if she's grasped the concept of death.  
But, there's something I wanted to tell you.  I'm going to ask Akina to marry 
me."  He smiled.  "I'm pretty sure she'll say yes, and when Akina and I are 
getting married It would really make me feel better if you could be there, in 
spirit I mean."  He got up and put his hand on top of the stone.  "I'll try to 
come back and visit you as soon as I can.  Goodbye Mother."  He smiled and flew 
off.

