Part 19

Washu walked out of her lab with a stunned look on her face.
"Hello Miss Washu, You've been in there for along time, at least three days!"  
Mihoshi laughed.
"Where's Akina!?"  Washu stared around.
"Oh, she, Yukio, Raikon, Kiyone, Tenchi, and the others are training."
"SEE YA!"  Washu quickly shot out the door.

"Are you two ready?"  Yosho stood on the sideline of the battling ground with 
Akina and Raikon on the other sides.  
"Hai!"  They both shouted and got into battling positions.
"Begin!"  
Akina and Raikon vanished and appeared in the center of the field, engaged in 
hand to hand combat.
"Who do you think will win?"  Tenchi said.
"It's hard to tell, they're both so evenly matched."  Ryoko tried to follow them 
but they were too fast to be seen by the naked eye.
"It's obvious, my brother shall be the victor of this battle, no one can match 
the power of Jurai."  Aeka boasted.
"Hah, that's what you think!"  Ryoko laughed.
"Why you!" 
"Calm down!"  Tenchi shouted.
"Who do you think will win Dad?"  Kioko looked up at Yukio.
"I can't say, I've never seen a Ratixian battle against a Juraian before."  he 
sighed.
"KIYAAA!"  Akina prepared to hit Raikon with a forceful punch.
"YAAAAA!"  Raikon shot his hand out and hit Akina back with an energy wave.
After shaking it off Akina formed a shield around her fist.  "Gravity Shield 
x100"  The shield shot Raikon into the forest. 
"Is it over?"  Juro thought aloud.
"Far from it."  Kiyone said as Raikon shot back out of the forest and came back 
in a close ranged battle with Akina.  After half an hour both were starting to 
loose their energy and become exhausted.  Akina threw her fist out but Raikon 
caught it and Akina caught his fist as well.  "KIYAAAAAA" They both expelled 
their energy and were forced away from each other.  They both caught their 
ground and gave each other a determined glare as they tried to catch their 
breath.
"The battle is over."  Yukio sighed.
"How can you tell?"  Ryoko looked over at him. 
"Watch."  he pointed back at the field,  Akina and Raikon both relaxed their 
energy and stared over at Yosho.  
"It's a tie."  Yosho announced.
"But, they look like they can still fight."  Kioko said.
"No,  they both could tell that they were evenly matched.  So there was no point 
in carrying out this match."  Kiyone smiled.
Akina walked over to Raikon and smiled.  "That was the best match I've ever had 
against anyone in my life,  since I didn't know all of your techniques that made 
the match even more challenging." She said.  
"I agree, thanks for giving me this opportunity."  Raikon smiled.
"Momma, Uncle Raikon!  That was amazing!"  Kioko and Juro ran down to the field 
and had eager looks on their faces.
"Well, now that the match is over it's time to get back to work.  Kioko, Juro, 
let's go to the gravity chamber."  Akina smiled down at them and Kioko and Juro 
started to race each other to the house.

Meanwhile on Jurai....
"So Araumi, why don't you tell me a little bit about your past."  Hiroshi and 
Araumi were inside a cafe.  
"Well, I can't really say much about it."  Araumi sighed. 
"I understand."  Hiroshi felt bad for bringing up the subject and came up with 
an idea. 
"Hey, do you want to go to the beach?"
"The beach?" 
"Yeah, do you have a swimsuit?" 
"Yes." 
"Alright, then we're all set."  He smiled and noticed she was blushing. "Uh, 
Araumi are you okay?  You're turning red."
"I am?" She panicked and covered her face.

2 hours later at the Lab. 
"Common you two!  Give me your best shot!"  Akina grinned at Juro and Kioko.
The two quickly shot to the other side of the room and put the sides of their 
hands together.  "Gravity shield x250!"  They punched a single shield at Akina.  
"Shit!"  Akina focused all of her energy and shot the shield into one of the 
walls.  "How did you two manage to make your shields so powerful?"  Akina 
gasped.  
The two seemed confused and just shrugged their shoulders.  
"Uh, well anyway, Raikon is waiting at the battling grounds so you two better 
hurry up.  And since you two are at an advanced level, tomorrow Yukio is going 
to train you as well."  She smiled down at them.  
"Okay, I'll see you later Momma."  Kioko and Juro ran out of the chamber and out 
of the lab.  
"Those two are so cute together."  Akina smiled to herself and prepared to leave 
the chamber.  
"Hang on Akina."  the doors locked.  
"Washu?"  Akina stared over at the console outside of the chamber.  
"I'm sorry."  Washu was making the gravity increase.  
"What are you doing?"  Akina fell to her knees from the intense gravity.  
"Gravity level at one million and going........."    

Meanwhile Yukio was drawn to the Pacific Ocean by an unknown energy.
"Something is down there."  He stared down at the water and formed an orb in his 
hand.  "Let's see what it is."  He dove down and shot to the bottom.  "Cold down 
here, and dark."  He groaned and stared around.  "I can only hold my breath for 
so long, so I better hurry."  He searched until he saw a faint green glow 
underneath a boulder.  "That must be it."  He pitched the orb at the boulder and 
set off a small explosion.  He quickly formed another and searched the remains.  
"Where was that green glow coming from?"  He thought to himself until something 
caught him from behind.  
"How did you manage to make it to the bottom of the ocean?"  A voice growled.  
"What!?"  Yukio elbowed it and jumped ten feet back.  
"A ratixian!?" The dark figure stretched it's hand out and shot a beam into 
Yukio's chest. 
 "AAARGH!"   Yukio lost all of his air and quickly shot to the surface.  
"I'm not done with you!"  The figure shot after him and pulled him back under.  
"Gravity shield x 500!"  Yukio punched the shield out and the figure was hit 
back.  
"I will not be defeated by your kind again!!"  It formed a crystal wedge in it's 
hand and hurled it into Yukio's arm.
"AAAAAAH!"  Yukio growled in pain and shot out of the water. 
"I will let you live for now, but when I reach my full power I will make you die 
a slow and painful death!" The figure laughed.

Meanwhile on a hill,  Ryoko and Kiyone were watching Raikon train Kioko and Juro 
at the battling grounds. 
"You know I've got to admit that I'm kinda proud to share part of my name with 
her."  Ryoko stared down at Kioko.
"I agree."  Kiyone sighed.  "I wish I had a child." 
"EH!?  Really?"  Ryoko blushed and had a dreamy look in her eyes.  "I wish I had 
a child too, as long as it was Tenchi's child!"  
Kiyone stared at Ryoko in disbelief.  "Uh....er.....well I don't think that's 
going to be possible as long as Aeka is around."
"Damn it!  You're right!  I'll have to confront Aeka and beat her in a fight for 
Tenchi!"  Ryoko laughed in a demented way.
"Right."  Kiyone shook her head and sighed.  "AAAAH!"  A voice screamed in the 
back of Kiyone's mind.  "Akina!?"  Kiyone had a shocked look on her face.
"Huh?"  Ryoko stared at her.
"Something's wrong!  Akina!"  Kiyone shot towards the house.
"Wait up!"  Ryoko tried to catch up with her.

"Gravity level at 450,000,000,000 and going......."  The computer buzzed.
"Akina, your only way to survive this gravity is to let Kohana take control of 
your body."  Washu thought impatiently. 
"WASHU!"  Akina's eyes were greenish blue.
"Yes, it's working!" 
"NOOOAAARGH!"  Akina glared over at the gravity generator and destroyed it. 
"Did she transform!?'  Washu stared.
"Washu!"  A gun press up against her head.  "Let her out of there now!"  Kiyone 
demanded.
"I'll handle it!"  Ryoko grabbed onto the door and pulled it off.  "Hey Akina 
are you okay?" Ryoko stared inside but it was pitch black.
"Akina?"  Kiyone ran inside and came back out with Akina holding onto her 
shoulder for support.
"Washu what the hell were you doing to her!?"  Ryoko grabbed Washu's collar and 
held her up.
"I can't tell you........."  Washu tried to break free.
"Akina, you're going to be alright..."  Kiyone helped her out of the lab.
"I'll deal with you later!"  Ryoko dropped Washu and walked out of the lab.

later..... 
"Momma."  Kioko had tears welling up in her eyes when she saw how hard it was 
for Akina to breath.
"The intense gravity must have damaged her lungs."  Aeka sighed.
"Ryoko, what the heck was Washu trying to do to her?"  Juro said.
"Argh, she wouldn't say, but trust me later I'll make her talk."  Ryoko popped 
her knuckles.
"Don't.....argh!'  Akina coughed and grabbed her chest.  "She 
was.....argh.......trying to......"  
"Please don't talk Akina, you'll use up your oxygen."  Kiyone was panicked.
"No........listen.......I understand now.......what Washu was.......trying to 
do"  Akina coughed again.  "A spirit...............lives inside of 
me.........one stronger...........argh.....than........my own."  
Just then Washu walked into the room with an oxygen mask.  "Here."  Washu put 
the mask over Akina's mouth.
"The spirit that dwells inside of her is Kohana."  Washu looked over at Kiyone.
"What!?"  Kiyone was shocked.
"Who is Kohana?"  Ryoko said.
"The Messiah of Ratixia." Kiyone said.
"What?!"  Kioko and Juro said in unison.
"How did you know!?"  Washu stared at Kiyone.
"Part of religion, in our book it says that a women with great power descended 
from the heavens and liberated our people from a terrible dweller.  Before she 
acceded back to the heavens she told her people that one day the dweller would 
return but she would be resurrected into a warrior to vanquish him once and for 
all.  The name of that chapter is Kohana."  Kiyone looked back over at Akina.
"Damn it, and I spent all that time trying to find out who she was!!"  Washu 
growled.
The door downstairs flung open and there was a large thud.
"What the!?"  Tenchi, Raikon, and Ryoko ran out of the room and saw Yukio lying 
in his own blood.
"Yukio!"  Raikon jumped over the stair case and saw the wedge in Yukio's arm.
"Hey, wake up!  Common!"  Ryoko shook him but didn't get a response.  
"Daddy!"  Kioko's eyes were wide with terror.  
"Washu!  Get in the lab quick!"  Raikon shouted and dragged Yukio inside.


