
Part 24


	"Mom!"  Kioko's hair became fine and green.
"Akina's back!"  Ryoko cheered.
"Hold on a second......."  Washu began to type some info into her laptop and 
grinned.  "Heh, all combined we have the power to crush Tanaka into oblivion."  
She stared up at Raikon.  "And the possessor of light has finally awakened."  
She folded her laptop and looked over at Sasami.
"Miss Washu?"  Sasami stared back.
"You know what you need to do now right?"  
"I.....okay...."  Sasami smiled and her forehead marking morphed into two 
circles.
"Hard to believe it, but even you'll be able to help us out."  Washu put a dot 
in the middle of Mihoshi's forehead.
"What's this for?"  Mihoshi reached to touch it.
"Don't!  If you touch it than you won't be able to fly you numbskull!"  Washu 
growled.
"I can fly!?"  Mihoshi jumped off the ground.
"NOT YET!"  Washu grabbed her hand and pulled her to the ground. 
"Miss Washu, what do you want us to do?"  Ayeka asked.
"You'll know when the time comes."  Washu grinned.
"Could you be more specific?"  Tenchi asked.
"Honestly, you all have no patience."  Washu laughed.

	Akina watched as Tanaka tried to recover from her shock wave.  "I need to 
hold him off long enough for the possessor of light to transform....."  She 
thought and looked over at Raikon.  "Brother....."
"You......bitch....."  Tanaka wiped the blood from his mouth.
"You know,  you're not sunshine and rosemary yourself buddy."  Akina glared over 
at him and began  to form an orb in her hand.  "You're not even sorry for all 
the pain you've caused,  and now you're trying to take over the whole universe!?  
Well sorry but that's not going to happen!"  Akina growled.
"Believe that all you want!  You're as much of a fool as Kohana was!"  Tanaka 
laughed.
"You're the fool Tanaka, you refuse to understand the true meaning of life, and 
why life was given to the beings of this universe!"
"Nonsense!  I won't listen you you're meaningless babbling anymore!"  Tanaka 
shouted and saw a flash of light in the corner of his eye. 
"Shit!"  Akina quickly pitched the orb at Tanaka's head.
"So, that's why he was able to stop my attack...."  Tanaka glared at the half 
way transformed Raikon then felt something slam against his head.  "ARGH!  
You're trying to distract me so the possessor of light can finish his 
transformation!!"  He formed a crimson beam in his hands.
"I guess you could say that."  She laughed slightly.
"You honestly think he can defeat me don't you?  Well, as something to see you 
off in the after life, your friend doesn't stand a chance!"  He unleashed the 
beam.
"AKINA!"  Yukio got in it's way and punched it aside.
"Yukio!"  Akina stared and noticed his armor.
"Akina, I'm not going to loose you again."  Yukio smiled at her.
"Honey, now's not the time to get lovey."  Akina had tears running down her face 
and smiled.  "It's time we put this guy out of his misery."  
Tanaka glared at them and laughed.
"Let's go Akina.....everyone's ready."  Yukio took her hand as she formed the 
armor on her skin.
"You're not going anywhere!"  He shot an orb at them but a forced deflected it 
as they flew towards the large glowing phoenix.

Back on Jurai....
	"Sis, what's happening now?"  Misaki asked.
"Good news, Akina is back."  Funaho sighed with relief.
"OOH!  I knew she'd make it!   That's my little girl!"  Misaki cheered.
"Wait......."  Funaho said.  "I'm not finished........" 
"Huh?" 
"Raikon, my son, has finally transformed into the possessor of light, the white 
phoenix."  Funaho stared up at Jurai's moons.  "And now, the others are joining 
his side, they're going to defeat Tanaka together." 

	Raikon's feathers were shimmering with light, his eyes were large but 
still beautiful and royal tear dropped color. 
"Akina!"  Kiyone quickly flew to her and gave her a hug.
"MOM!"  Kioko did the same.
"Hey you guys, I wasn't gone that long!"  Akina teased and noticed Kioko and 
Juro's armor. 
"Sorry to ruin the moment, but first things first."  Washu said.
"I understand."  Akina smiled and looked at everyone then at her brother.
"Everyone, the time has come."  Raikon's voice echoed in their minds and hearts.
They all took a position along side him and raised their power to the fullest. 
Raikon let out a thunderous cry in the air and they darted towards the stunned 
Tanaka.

	"We all met each other by chance, and we are always there for one another, 
Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Yukio, Raikon, Kioko, 
Araumi, Juro, and myself."  Akina's heart was shining.  "Until that day I came 
to this planet, I have never been so happy.........because now.......I have a 
family." 

	Tanaka's eyes widened.  "No........no!  YOU STAY AWAY FROM ME!"  He fired 
a beam at them but it couldn't penetrate the light.  "NO!!! NOOOOOOO!"  Tanaka 
screamed as everyone's energy crushed him into oblivion. 

	Back on Jurai.....
"Well done....."  Azusa smiled and looked at the engraving of a phoenix.  
"....in the end, it was not only the power of light that defeated Tanaka, but 
also the power of friendship.  I guess I was a fool to believe that there was 
nothing there."  He smiled.
"Yes, and by allowing them to come together like they did, just think of how 
deeper Ayeka's bond with Tenchi is!"  Misaki and Funaho were standing next to 
him.
"Indeed, Ayeka must be completely how they would say.....head over heals for 
him."  Funaho laughed slightly.
"Nonsense!  Ayeka will not fall for that boy!"  Azusa barked.
"Whatever you say dear."  Funaho smiled.  "Whatever you say."  

	Now that Tanaka has been defeated, the dark clouds that engulfed the earth 
have vanished.  However, all is still not well on the Earth............For three 
of Tanaka's minions are still alive..............
 










