I'm using an idea that my friend John *AKA Pheonix Moone*  used in his 
fanfiction for Raikon and Kiyone in a  part of this chapter.
Part 21

Washu sat on the sofa with her head tilted back on the rest, she was filled with 
remorse for what she had done.  She looked over at the corner of the room where 
Ryoko and Juro were doing the best they could to comfort Kioko, then watched 
Raikon try to wake his wife.  "I've caused so much pain,  why did I let science 
and the need for knowledge get the best of me?"  She thought bitterly to herself 
and gazed back at the ceiling.  "Right now Kohana is off to fight Tanaka, in 
doing so she might destroy Akina's body, and her soul."   She got up from the 
sofa and walked to the lab door.  "I'm going to check on Yukio's arm."  She 
said. 
"Aarh........."  Kiyone's eye lids squinted tightly.
"Kiyone?"  Raikon stared at her.

Little Kiyone and her sister played while their parents set up the picnic site. 
"Huh?"  Akina stopped and stared into the forest.
"What is it Akina?"  Kiyone looked at her
Akina shifted her head over to her parents.  A large wolf like creature shot 
from the forest after them.  "A FENRIS!  KIYONE!  AKINA RUN!"  Their Mother 
shouted as their Father did the best he could do to fight it.
"Mommy!  Daddy!"  The children were frozen with fear. "AAAAARGH!"  The Fenris 
pinned the parents to the ground and bit through their vertebrae then glared at 
the two children.
"Mommy........Daddy....."  Akina stared at her parent's lifeless bodies.
"Akina, I want you to run as fast as you can!"  Kiyone picked up a large stick 
and glared back at the Fenris.
"But......"  Akina whimpered.
"Go!"  Kiyone shouted as the Fenris charged at them.
Akina couldn't leave Kiyone behind, she could feel something awakening inside of 
her.
"ERAAARRGH!"  The Fenris jumped into the air and lunged it's claws out.
"NOOOOOOOAAAAARRGH!!"  Akina held her hands out and a shield formed around her 
and Kiyone.   "I won't let you..........I WON'T LET YOU KILL MY SISTER!"  She 
yelled as her hair flocked and turned white.  "KIYAAAAAA!"  She aimed and fired 
a beam through the Fenris's chest.
"Akina."  Kiyone stared in shock at her sister as she walked over to the 
suffering animal.
"I will never forgive you for what you've done!  YOU HEAR ME!" Akina shouted and 
finished it off.
"Akina stop!"  Kiyone ran to her.
"Kiyone!"  Akina wrapped her arms around her and cried.
"It's okay Akina......"  Kiyone had tears running down her face.
"This is when, Mom and Dad died, when Kohana became apart of Akina."  Kiyone 
thought to herself, and soon she found herself surrounded in a field of roses.  
All her life she enjoyed their fresh scent.
"That was along time ago wasn't it sis?"  A women with long straight light blue 
hair was standing next to her.
"It was........I've done the best I could to forget about it."  Kiyone tilted 
her head down.
"Akina, are you.........."  Kiyone started.
"Not yet."  Akina bent down and picked a rose.
"But I thought that you were a goddess now!"  Kiyone tried to hold her emotions 
in the best she could.
"Kohana became a goddess, not me.  Like Raikon said to you that one night, I may 
be immortal like the Juraians, but also like the Juraians, I can be killed."  
She plucked a petal from the rose and let it fly gently in the wind.  
"How did you........"  Kiyone stared.
"We're in your mind, all your memories become my memories."  She plucked another 
petal.  "Even the ones from your child hood."  Akina said.
"All my memories are of you and me, and how we studied and trained to become 
officers."  Kiyone said.
"Are they, or did you lock away something else when you tried to forget Mom and 
Dad?"  Akina asked.
"What are you talking about?"  Kiyone asked.
"Close your eyes Kiyone, and look back.........."  Rose petals began to spiral 
around Kiyone's body.  "Remember your Prince.........." 
 
After their parents funeral Akina and Kiyone hid in the chapel so they wouldn't 
be taken away to the orphanage.  Akina had fallen asleep and Kiyone did the best 
she could to stay awake and watch over her.  "I don't understand why this is 
happening, why did Mom and Dad have to die Akina?"  Kiyone whispered and ran her 
fingers through Akina's hair.  "And, what's happening to you?  Where did this 
power come from?"  Just then she heard foot steps at the far end of the church.  
"Oh no."  Kiyone's eyes widened as the steps became louder.  
"Don't worry."  A man in a royal Juraian outfit appeared before her.
"Who are you?"  Kiyone asked.
"I am the Prince of Jurai, my name is Raikon."  He got down on one knee and 
smiled at her.
"My name is Kiyone."  She said.
"Why are you so sad?"  Raikon asked.
"Because my Mom and Dad died, the people from the orphanage are searching for me 
and my sister.  If they find us then we'll be separated."  more tears began to 
run down her face. 
"Don't worry."  Raikon held both the children in embrace and gently wiped the 
tears from Kiyone's eyes.  "I promise that you will never loose your sister, and 
I will always watch over you."  He said.
Kiyone blushed.  "Thank you, Prince Raikon." 
"Kiyone, Kiyone wake up!"  Akina's voice called.
"Huh?"  Kiyone stared around and realized she was dreaming. 
"They're coming."  Akina whispered.  "We've gotta get out of here." 
"No, it's okay." Kiyone smiled.
"But..."  Akina started.
"We won't be separated."  She grabbed Akina's hand and stood up.

The roses fell to the ground and Kiyone opened her eyes.  "That's right, Raikon 
was always there in my dreams, when I was young he was my friend, and when I 
grew up he was.............."  Kiyone blushed.
"Heh."  Akina smiled and began to walk away.
"Wait, Akina where are you going!?"  Kiyone ran after her but a wall of vines 
separated them.  "Wait!"  Kiyone reached through the vines.  "Please come back!  
Akina!"  Tears rolled down her face.
"It's going to be okay Kiyone, you believe the promise of a prince, and so do 
I."  Akina vanished.

"Kiyone, wake up..."  Raikon said.
"Huh...............Raikon."  Kiyone's eyes focused.
"Thank god, are you okay?"  He smiled.
"Oh Raikon!"  Kiyone wrapped her arms around him and kissed him passionately.  
"I...I remembered.  You were with me in my dreams."  Kiyone smiled.
"Kiyone."  Raikon smiled and kissed her.
"Everyone."  Yukio walked out of the lab with a bandage around his shoulder.
"Dad!"  Kioko hugged him.
"Washu told me what happened."  He had pain in his eyes.
"Don't worry."  Kiyone said.
"Huh?"  everyone looked over at her.
"Akina is still alive, and as long as she is that means we have to do everything 
we can to bring her back."  Kiyone said.
"But Kohana took control of Akina's body and left to fight that dweller, there's 
no way in hell we're going to be able to stop her and get Akina's body back."  
Ryoko said.
"You may be right Ryoko, you see ever since Akina was three Kohana has been 
living inside of Akina's body.  However, we are not just bodies, we are spirits, 
or souls as many more would say.  It is literally impossible for two spirits to 
live in one body at the same time, it's a miracle that they have lived for this 
long!"  Washu said.
"Get to the point."  Ryoko groaned.
"Right now, Kohana is taking over something that doesn't belong to her,  if 
Akina is suppressed inside her own body long enough than her spirit will be 
forced out and Kohana will become the new possessor of the body.  Not only will 
we loose Akina but the Messiah of Ratixia will become vulnerable to death.  Then 
who knows what hell will be set loose!  So remember Kiyone, not only do we have 
to save Akina, we have to save Kohana as well."  Washu pointed outside.
"What the hell?"  Yukio's eyes widened, the skies were being covered by dark 
clouds. 
"This is Tanaka's first move, he controls the power of darkness, what we need is 
the possessor of light!"  Washu quickly looked over at the Juraians. 
"Do you think it may be the tree of light?"  Sasami asked.
"I'm not sure, but we've gotta try everything we can!"  Washu said.
"Okay, Common Sasami!"  Tenchi and Sasami ran outside to get branches from 
Yosho's tree.
"Yukio, Kioko, Juro, Kiyone."  Washu looked over at them.  "You four be careful, 
I know once Tanaka senses your energy he'll be set on killing all of you." 
"Don't worry about us Miss Washu."  Juro said.
"I'm pretty sure Kohana and Tanaka must be near the coast line."  Yukio walked 
to the door.
"Alright well what are we all standing around here for let's go!"  Ryoko shot 
out the door.
"Right!"  Everyone ran outside.

 

