by trom2@together.net (Trom)

Well I was doing some dark silly fics.  H.T. Griffon challenged me on a 
Tenchi one. I'm not one to turn down a challenge. So

Insert standard disclosure.

	Finally Alone!
	By
	Trom

	Washu was happy.  After months of trying to get Tenchi into the 
lab so that she could experiment on him he had finally consented.  Ooh, 
the things she was going to try out on him!
	"Uh Miss Washu, why are you placing this helmet on my head?"  As 
could be expected, Tenchi was nervous.  Here he was strapped in a chair 
completely naked, with this metal helmet about to be placed on his head 
with wires sticking out of it.  Added to the effect that electrodes were 
place ALL over his body to read the results of the current experiment.  
	"Its just an experimental neural sign wave adapter.  There is 
nothing to be worried about.  Would I do anything to hurt you Tenchi?" 
Washu remarked casually giving, him the innocent eyes look.  Fully 
securing the ENS on to Tenchi's head she step behind a lead shield. 
	"Don't worry your little head over anything."  Calling forth her 
terminal from its trans- dimensional pocket.  Tenchi's reading were 
normal as an Alien/Human hybrid could be raised in this society.  
Although for some reason his epm was higher than normal. *He's got to 
relax more.* Washu thought. She then got a wicked grin on her face. 
*Hmmm, I might be able to do something about that.* With that she 
started typing away on her terminal surface.  Anxiety level down 50%. 
Confidence level up 75%. *Hmp, that should do it.* then with an 
exuberant grin she entered in the data.
	"AAAAHHHHH!!!" Tenchi screamed as his brain pass ways were 
rerouted.  His tetesterone level spiked up.  Light danced around him as 
his whole body spasmed against the restraints. He then passed out, as 
his nervous system realigned itself.
	"Oops."  Was all Washu said as she checked her read outs.  It 
was a good thing that her lab was sound proof, or else she would have 
way to many people to explain to.  According to her read outs Tenchi 
would wake up with more of a backbone.  Well no pain no gain.  With 
another flip of the switch sent Tenchi to his room.

	Tenchi woke up in his room two hours later.  The world seemed 
much clearer to him all of a sudden.  As if he finally knew what to do 
about his life.  A not so nice smile spread across his face.  Looking at 
his clock he knew just what to do.  First he would go and have a talk 
with his grandfather.  Then he would go and take a bath.   
	Sounds of battle could be heard Ayeka and Ryoko fought as they 
away's seem to do.  What was that fight about? What were the fights 
usually about.  One of them making a comment about the others heredity 
or their claim of Tenchi.  As usual they were oblivious to the world 
around them.  
	"I will not let watch Tenchi from the bath you, you Demon!" 
Ayeka shrieked with her usual witty remark, as she lashed out with her 
power.
	"Why? If you wanted to look first go ahead.  I don't want to hog 
all the fun." Ryoko taunted as she dodged the attack.  This is what made 
life so grand.  A good home, with plenty to eat. Someone to care for.  
And the occasional fight.  Ryoko gave a feral growl as she called forth 
her energy sword to counter attack.  
	The battle raged for a good ten minutes before they took to the 
air.  The sky sparkled with the blue and red energy let loose.  Ayeka 
zig zagging trying to ram Ryoko with her force shield.  While Ryoko 
taunted her and let loose with her energy bolts, just barely getting out 
of the way.  Next they continued on until they came to the front of the 
house.
	"Ha! When are you going to give Princess?" Ryoko taunted as 
stood in front of her before lashing out with her energy sword.
	"Never you..wha?" Ayeka just looked shocked at something behind 
Ryoko.  It distracted her so much that she dropped her force shield.  If 
Ryoko could have say what Ayeka did, then she would have done the same. 
 For Tenchi just walked out the door clad only in a towel, as he has 
just recently exited the bath as the sounds of combat had gotten closer. 
 Normally this would not have distracted her enough to loose her 
concentration, but at that moment the wind picked up and she witnessed a 
view of Tenchi's more hidden assets.  
	This in turn shocked Ryoko who thought the princess was going to 
block her sword thrust.  The shield no longer being there it did not 
stop the blade as it passed through the princess's body. 
	"Urp...!" Ayeka just looked as she placed her hands on the 
mortal wound and then with hands covered with blood, she stared at 
Ryoko.  She then dropped to the ground.  
	"Ayeka?" Ryoko let she sword vanish as she dropped to the ground 
and picked up the downed princess's body and turned to rush her into 
Washu's lab.  Turning around she finally noticed Tenchi staring at her, 
with Ayeka's body leaking blood on to the ground.  
	"Tenchi?!  It was an accident! She was suppose to block that 
attack! Really!"  Tears streamed down her face as she noticed the look 
in Tenchi's eyes.  Pure ice.  He just came to her took Ayeka's body then 
just turned and ran away into the house, not saying one word.
	
	"Ryoko? Did you kill my sister?" Sasami asked with those puppy 
dog eyes.  Tears also leaking down her face.  She couldn't believe that 
Ryoko and Ayeka just fought for real, they didn't really hate each other 
did they?  
	"Sasami....." Ryoko trailed off she couldn't stand to see the 
look on the child's face any longer.  She just sat down outside Washu's 
door waiting for any progress.  Hope in her heart.  For if the Princess 
died, she would have to leave for the charge for killing a Jurian noble 
was life inprisonment.  Eternity in a stasis prison was not something to 
look forward to.   
	
	Mihoshi and Kiyone walked grim faced toward the Masaki 
residence.  They were saddened at the task that they would have to do.  
Not even bothering to knock on the door they rushed in, completely 
surprising the occupents within.  
	"Galaxy Police! Nobody move!" Kiyone shouted as she leveled her 
freeze blaster at group.  Ryoko tried to flee through the wall, but a 
double blast from the two police women's blasters, freezing her solid.  
	‘CLUNK' Ryoko's frozen body hit the floor.  Mihoshi had tears on 
her face as she brought her cube out and transported Ryoko's body to 
their awaiting spaceship in orbit.  The two galaxy police officers then 
went over to Washu.
	 "Washu.  For the crime of creating a weapon to assasinate a 
member of the royal house of Jurian.  You are under arrest. Please come 
quietly."  Washu knowing that to flee would only cause her more trouble. 
 She could always support her claims in intergalatic court.  Surely they 
wouldn't convict ‘The Greatest Scientist in the Universe'.  She soon 
fallowed Ryoko up to the brig awaiting on the space ship above.
	The next really shocked some of the group.  As they walked over 
to Tenchi's father.
	"Mr. Masaki, I'm sorry.  But for harboring a known felon and as 
you own this house were the princess was killed, you are under arrest." 
Tenchi's father just stared at her shocked. Not even comprehending what 
was happening.  He soon joined Washu in the brig aboard their ship.	
	"I'm very sorry to hear of your sister's death." Kiyone stated 
to Sasami.  The girl was still grief stricken over her sister's demise. 
"Your family has notified us and they requested that we deliver you home 
for the funeral."  She turned to Tenchi and his grandfather.
	"I'm sorry about this.  You will receive word on Mr. Masaki's 
progress.  I'm sure he'll only receive a year or two at most for his 
crime.  Were just doing our jobs."  Kiyone was truly sorry to be the 
messenger of such unpleasant news.  While Mihoshi was bawling her eyes 
out.  She knew that Tenchi hated her now that she had arrested his 
father.  
	After a quick hug between Sasami and the Masakis, the group left 
without a word.  Tenchi and his grandfather watched as the group boarded 
the space craft and left for the Jurian system.  Then without a word the 
two walked up to the shrine above.  Their faces were impossible to read 
as they sat down and prepare to have tea.
	"You were right Grandfather.  It would take a lot to get them to 
leave." Tenchi suddenly grinned broadly at his grandfather.  His 
grandfather's image suddenly faded leaving a young man not that older in 
appearance to Tenchi.
	"Of course it worked.  I had to fake my own death for them to 
leave me alone.  It was just a bonus that they took your father with 
them."  He grinned back at his grandson.
	"Ya I know, dad was really getting to be a real bother." Tenchi 
then broke out in laughter.  His grandfather soon joining in with him.
	"HaHahahaha................................."    
	
	Well how was that for a dark, silly fic?  As I said earlier you 
can thank H.T. griffon for the idea.  I guess now I'll go back to 
working on The Game.  I almost got chapter two finished.