Disclaimer.
Hey, to skip past the boring part, I DON'T OWN IT.  NONE OF IT. HA HA HA.  SO 
THERE.  WISH I DID.  DON'T.  GET OVER IT.

Notes.
Well, here it is, just like I promised, the second chapter.  No new characters yet, but 
several plot twists that I think you'll find interesting.  I want to thank some very cool 
people – Claude V Everage, Jeff, Jeremy Tryall, Memyselfand85397, Debi Jones, and 
HCICELY – for writing me about the first chapter and inspiring me to write some more.  
You guys kick ass!  Anyway, enough of my blabbering, and lets get down to brass tacks.  
Read!

* * *
The Alternative World: P2

By The Menace Washuu
* * *

Ayeka ran her fingers over the cool, smooth metal of her arm rest and smiled.  It was a 
spectacular feeling, to be commanding a ship again.  Her eyes roamed the bridge of the 
ship, and unconsciously she noted each of the crew members padding through the room 
on their way to wherever it was they needed to be.  

Her command chair was barely raised above the floor of the bridge.  However slight the 
height difference was, it gave an unmistakable feeling of power and dignity.  Ayeka felt 
light-headed, as was normal when resuming control of a ship.  It thrilled her to know that 
these people were at her command, and that it was up to her to carry out this mission.  
She tried not to let it get to her head.

Still, it was hard not to be ecstatic after what she had gone through the last few months.  
Running petty errands, transcription of files – demeaning even to a secretary's intern.  
Ayeka thought that she'd never been so humiliated in all of her career.  That wasn't to 
say that she hadn't deserved it, but – well, she refused to let bad memories ruin her first 
day back.

"Commander!"

"Eh?"  Ayeka snapped out of her reverie, turning her attention to the young female pilot.

"Tech says they're ready to disengage."

The corners of Ayeka's mouth quirked up.  "Let's do this."

* * *

Tenchi finished shredding the pant leg with a grunt.  The gray, worn old pillow flopped 
like an empty sac when he pulled it from the bed and began to stuff the bits of cloth into 
it.  He sighed with content when he finished and the pillow actually seemed to resemble a 
pillow again.

He  put his hand down on his knee, only to discover that he still had the shirt to make use 
of.  Well, the tub did need to be sealed…

* * *

"Now, I know most of you weren't breifed on our mission objective…,"  there were 
murmurs of agreement from the officers, "and that's why I've called this meeting.  I 
don't believe in fighting for an uknown cause."  

Ayeka drew in a quick breath, relieved that her officers seemed to agree.  "Well," she 
continued, "first things first.  What do you already know?"

The room was suddenly filled with a buzz as everyone began to speak at once.  
Eventually they settled down, and a Technical Lieutenant rose from his chair to speak.  
"Commander, if I may speak for us all…"  he waited for Ayeka's assent before 
continuing, "some know more than others.  But, the only thing we've all heard is that 
we're headed for Arkhan borders."

Ayeka sighed and kissed a decent bedtime goodbye.  She'd rather expected such a lack of 
information, but, expected or not, it still meant a lengthy explanation.

"To put it simply," Ayeka began, "we're trading several hundred tons of Juraian lumber 
for such an amount of Arkhan ore."

"And just why is that a job for SpecOp?" one officer barked, obviously annoyed.

"Well, let's put it this way.  Do you recall the Treaty of Tentra, signed in 16072?"  Ayeka 
arched one eyebrow as recognition dawned on several of the officer's faces.  "This trade 
is technically illegal," she concluded.

"A smuggling operation?"

"And that,"  the same Tech Lieutenant who spoke earlier realized aloud, "is why we 
weren't told about it until we'd gone.  No information leaks."

"Precisely," Ayeka said, "And if you hadn't noticed, there are several Tentran 
ambassadors aboard this ship who are currently on Jurai's payroll."  A few of the officers 
chuckled.

"So," Ayeka leaned on the conference table with both hands, "here's how this is going to 
work…"

* * *

Tenchi tapped out his access code on the multi-colored keypad.  The computer bleeped at 
him in recognition, and Tenchi was reminded of a dog welcoming his master, finally 
home from work.  For a moment he reflected on that last thought, then shook his head 
and decided he was going premature senile.  He continued setting the course.

Tenchi's mind wandered back to Naster's speeder, now docked in his ship's landing bay.  
Tenchi knew of a great place for cashing in such items as land speeders for a good price, 
at a space station right on the Juraian-Arkhan border.  It wasn't that he couldn't make 
good use of that speeder, because he could, but at the moment he really needed the cash.  
If he didn't make his payment to the Tirunian mob, his ass was grass, and they had the 
lawnmowers.

Tenchi gave a last look at the map on his screen, to make sure he'd set the right 
coordinates, and sure enough he saw the very place onscreen.  He pressed his thumb 
down over a blue pad, strapped himself in, and geared the thrust.

* * *

The Arkhan border station was unlike any station Ayeka had ever seen.  Its insides were 
dimly lit and primitive-looking.  Vines and leafy plants grew from the wall and hung 
from the ceiling, making the corridors look like underground tunnels.  Ayeka was 
reminded of the Arkhan cities, built completely under the earth.  The Arkhan people 
looked right at home in the bizarre station.  Their earth colored skin blended them in 
perfectly with the walls.

Ayeka sweated profusely beneath her woolen cloak in the balmy heat of the station.  It 
was no wonder, she thought, that the Arkhans lived in the tropical climate of the 
underground, rather than on the blustery plains that made up Arkha's crust.  The web-like 
roots of Arkha's tough grasses (living replicas of which thrived on the tunnel walls) 
emitted a form of methane as a waste product of their unique process of photosynthesis.  
The result was a rainforest atmosphere with an unpleasant odor.

Ayeka tugged at the hood of the cloak, hoping to relieve herself of the intense heat.  Her 
breathing was labored, smothered as she was by the cloak that hid her identity from the 
Arkhan regulars.

In spite of their frequent business dealings, Arkhans and Juraians were not kindly 
disposed to one another, mostly because their religions were so utterly contradictory.  
Once or twice during the trek through the long tunnels, Ayeka caught herself sneering at 
passing Arkhan soldiers.  She mentally reprimanded herself.  This was hardly a 
diplomatic mission, but she still needed to earn the Arkhans' respect.

Around a sharp curve in the tunnel, Ayeka came to a gigantic center chamber.  Before her 
stood an Arkhan in a black cloak, just like hers.  Her eyes narrowed as she prepared to 
arrange the first government-approved smuggling operation in Juraian history.

* * *

"A WHAT?!?!"

"A fee.  You must pay the landing fee.  All incoming spacecrafts without special 
recommendations must pay the landing fee.  There are no special recommendations in my 
database under the name Tenchi Masaki.  You must pay the landing fee."

The waist-high tin can of a droid once again extended its jointed metal probe, into which 
(it mistakenly thought) Tenchi would deposit the 1500 Jurai landing fee.  Instead, he 
stared down at the condescending little bolt-bucket with a look of great distaste, tapping 
his foot impatiently and silently refusing to hand over any more of the precious little 
money he had on his person.

"The rates are very reasonable for this area.  Method of payment is very flexible.  We 
accept . . .,"  Tenchi rolled his eyes several time while the robot rattled out the names of 
every charge card company Tenchi had ever heard of, and a few he hadn't.  The little 
pipsqueak finished many minutes later with, "…and of course, cash and checks."  Its 
cold, computerized voice hung in the air for a few moments as Tenchi stood in annoyed 
silence.  Finally, he was able to take his temper into control, and he spoke.

"Look, you.  I don't care how reasonable your rates are.  And I really couldn't care less 
how many different ways there are for you to take my money.  The simple fact is that I 
haven't got any money for you to rob me of,"  He spoke to the droid like it was a child, 
and, indeed, it felt to him as though he were explaining this to a toddler. "That's why I'm 
here," he continued, "to sell something to get me money.  So that I can be robbed in the 
future.  D'you see? Are you understanding me?"

The droid, in a thoroughly conceited gesture, cocked it head to the side.  Tenchi's lip 
began to tremble with rage.

"ARE THERE ANY BRAINS IN THAT TINY SKULL OF YOURS?!?  I'M SAYING 
YOU CAN STUFF YOUR FEE UP YOUR MECHANICAL ANUS!  'CAUSE I 
WON'T PAY IT!"

All the lights on the robot's shell lit up simultaneously in fear, and it rolled away from 
Tenchi at maximum speed.  The landing bay was filled with stunned silence, as every 
head in the dock had turned to stare at Tenchi.  Under the blank stares, the shocked 
glances and angry glares, Tenchi could see that just about every sentient species was 
represented here, including the Tirunians.  'Oh, shit' was ringing in Tenchi's mind.

A dozen pairs of snake-like eyes stared straight at him in recognition and fury.  A dozen 
pairs of reptilian claws flexed open and shut in anticipation.  And the biggest, meanest 
Tirune moved, step after powerful, outraged step, towards Tenchi.  A veritable concert of 
'Oh, shit's' played like a theme song in his head, louder and louder with every powerful 
and outraged step - as anyone observing the scene could see.  Tenchi might as well have 
had 'Oh, shit' tattoed on his forehead, for all that he was trying to conceal his fear.

The Tirune's long, scaled tail cracked down on the metal floor beneath its feet, and 
Tenchi did what all frightened prey do: he ran.

* * *

Ayeka and the cloaked Arkhan spoke in hushed tones over a high wooden counter.  
Ayeka's mind was racing.  She went over the code names in her head over and over while 
the cloaked bussinessman (or woman, she couldn't tell genders) had a whispered 
exchange with another Arkhan.  After a long moment, the cloaked one moved to the other 
side of the counter.  Ayeka cleared her throat.

"Good afternoon," she greeted the Arkhan, who nodded in response, "Have you been 
above the crust this season?" 

"I have."

Ayeka wanted to sigh, but told herself sternly to save it for later.  So, the ore was ready to 
go.  She continued,  "Well and good.  How much crop did you bring in this solstice?"

"Two hundred tons.  And are the holy trees doing well this year?"

"Indeed.  We've already borne – ," she was cut off by a great clamor from the corridor 
behind her.  Hollers preceded the scent of scorched flesh and plant matter into the center 
chamber.  Ayeka spun her head back to the Arkhan, who had a dangerous look on her 
face.  Whatever this interruption was, it was obviously not welcome.

Ayeka threw off her cloak at the same time as the Arkhan, and both reached for their 
pistols.  Ayeka ducked into a side tunnel, switched off the safety lock on her blaster, and 
stood ready to fire. She didn't have long to wait.  The first sign of the intruders' arrival 
was a scream.  It started out muffled, but grew louder as the screamer burst into the room.

"s – h – h – h – h - i – i – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I - IT!!!!" 

The young man was followed immediately huge snake-men.  Tirunians! Ayeka continued 
to stare as the Arkhan, who had remained in the room to defend herself, was slashed 
across the face by a Tirune, and fell, motionless, on the ground.  She gaped in horror as 
the lizard-people proceeded to slaughter any Arkhan who stood in their way.  So 
entranced was she by the massacre that she almost didn't notice the man streaking toward 
her.

* * *

"S – H – H – H – H - I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I – I - IT!!!!"

Tenchi screamed as he felt the lasers from the Tirune's guns scorch his rear.  He could 
hear the gun shots and smell the burning plants, fabric, and flesh – his own.  He couldn't 
think of anything better to do than get his hide out of their  way.  He took no notice of 
what was going on in the center chamber as he lunged for the nearest side corridor. He 
never saw the cloaked Arkhan fall, dead, to the ground, killed by his pursuers.  At the 
moment, he really didn't care.  All that mattered was that he was still breathing – for 
now. So, when a Juraian officer stopped him, he didn't take it too well.

"Stop!  In the name of Jurai, I demand that you stop," she barked at him.  Tenchi was 
getting frantic.

"Shove aside!"  He tried to push her away, but she stood firm, blocking his path.

"Why are they chasing you?," she demanded, "I can't let you go any further until I know 
what's going on here!"

Tenchi turned his head momentarily to check the Tirunians' progress, and was mightily 
relieved to see that they had continued down the wrong tunnel.  Still, they wouldn't be 
fooled for long.  They were sure to come back this way, and when they did, he didn't 
plan to be waiting for them.

"Look, doll," he growled, pinning her shoulders to the wall, "I haven't got time to debate.  
You're a sweet girl and all, but – "  Tenchi didn't get to finish.  There was a sudden, 
sharp pain in his side.  He looked down at the bloody knife wound and up at the officer, 
and collapsed.

"I'm sorry," he heard her whisper through spasms of pain, "but I need to get us both out 
of here.  And I need to find out who you are that you've got the whole damned Tirunian 
race on your tail."  He felt a sudden pressure on his side and gave a yelp.

"Shut up!," she whispered fiercely, "Or do you want the Tirunes to know where you 
are?"  Well, if there was one thing Tenchi didn't want, it was more Tirunes.  The woman 
spoke again, "All I've done is wrapped your wound.  Now, where's your ship?"

Tenchi could not believe the audacity of this woman!  First she stabs him, pretends it's 
for his own good, and now she was expecting him to simply tell her where his ship was?  
Not likely!  If he could, he would've exploded at her right then and there.  Instead, he 
grunted.

"Please!  If I can get you out of here, I'll take you back to wherever you belong!"

Tenchi drew in a labored, excruciatingly painful breath.  He would be kicking himself in 
an hour, he just knew it.  "Lan…ding.  B…Dock B.  Hermes.  Go!"  With that, he passed 
out.

* * * 

Ayeka's mind raced, even as her feet plodded slowly down the hall.  Dragging the 
unconcious man to Dock B was not going to be easy.  If she remembered right, there 
should be a lift at the end of this tunnel…

There it was!  She could see it, but at the same time she heard the screeches and cracks of 
the Tirunians, not far behind her.  She lugged the man, whose arms were draped across 
her shoulders, as fast as she could. 

A root by her head suddenly caught fire!  She turned her head as best she could without 
stopping, to see three of the Tirunes racing towards her, weapons in hands.

"Shit cakes."

With a great summoning of strength, she pounded the button to open the lift and heaved 
the man into it.  Without looking out, she fired off three shots, and managed to pull her 
arm back into the lift before the doors closed.

Ayeka made the rest of the way to Dock B without incident.  Instructions for crew 
resounded in the docking bay in a monotonous, barely female voice while Ayeka dragged 
her captive to his ship.  His boots squeaked and left scuff marks on the spotless blue 
floor.  This didn't seem to please the droids, who were hovering around her feet, 
polishing the floor, and making it even more difficult to move.

At that moment, a whiny, nerve-grinding voice rang out from behind her.

"The fee!  Tenchi Masaki must pay the landing fee,"  the tiny droid sped in circles around 
Ayeka, who hadn't stopped walking.

"Outta my way, pipsqueak,"  she grunted, and shifted the young man's weight to her 
other shoulder.  The droid's miniature sirens were wailing in the same annoying manner 
that its voice did.  Ayeka gave it a sharp kick as it circled around in front of her.  To her 
dismay, this didn't seem to discourage it.  

"Tenchi Masaki must pay the landing fee of 1500 Jurai, or Code 276 of the Juraian traffic 
laws must be enforced."

"Oh?  And what law is that?"  Ayeka figured if she could just keep the little bolt-bucket 
occupied until she found the Hermes…

"Law 276 of the Juraian traffic laws, reviewed, updated and approved in 16455 by the 
emperor Azusa and his emperial council states that…"

There it was!  Ayeka could see the man's ship, the Hermes at the end of this row!

"…otherwise will be towed by the nearest legally owned and federally recognized 
spaceship towing company, or another legally owned and federally recognized spaceship 
towing company of the choice of the management of the spacestation…"

Ayeka heaved the man's hand over her head, pressing his thumb against the personal 
identification lock, and stepped back as a ramp lowered itself to the floor.  Ayeka, her 
victim in tow, started into the ship.

"Excuse me,"  squealed the droid, who had obviously finished its speech, "but I must 
have the landing fee.  Tenchi Masaki's landing fee."  It blinked its lights at her in an 
irritably impatient manner.

"Erm…" Ayeka began, "Perhaps you could give me a bit of background information on 
this Azusa character?  I, er, wasn't aware of any new emporer."

The droid spluttered (in as far as it is possible for a droid to splutter) for a moment at her 
incompetence, but, being the single-minded, command-obeying creature that it was 
programmed to be, eventually conceded.  Its lights dimmed a moment in a robotic mimic 
of a sigh.

"The emperor Azusa was crowned in…"

Ayeka smirked and allowed the sliding bay doors of the Hermes to shut in the droid's 
"face".  Her smiled faded and she turned her mind back to business.

First priority:  get this man – Tenchi Masaki (or so the droid had called him) to a bed.  
Second priority:  contact her crew.  There certainly wasn't going to be any exchange of 
goods today.  

Ayeka skirted quickly through the halls to locate Tenchi's quarters, then doubled back 
and dragged his limp form into bed.  Panting with the effort, she made her way back to 
the front of the ship, and its bridge.  She couldn't believe the unholy mess!  Finally, 
Ayeka managed to locate the ship's transmitter, buried under an empty rice carton and 
half-eaten cheeseburger.  She groaned at the grease that stained her fingers as she began 
to punch in her own ship's transmission receiving code.

Suddenly, on the edge of her vision, a flicker of green appeared on the viewscreen, and 
disappeared just as quickly.

"Eh?"  She leaned farther over the controls, tapping a few buttons that shifted the view 
several degrees to the right.  There, looking very unhappy, were at least a dozen Tirunes, 
approaching the Hermes with a less-than-friendly air about them.  Each of them held 
large shotguns that looked (although Ayeka couldn't be quite sure) like pulse rifles.

"Of all the luck.  Tsunami damn us all and get it over with," Ayeka muttered.  Well, that 
clinched it.  She needed to get out of the station.  She'd just have to wait and contact her 
crew from space.  

Ayeka tapped in the command for the ship to take off, positioning herself in the pilot's 
seat.  She waited to hear the thrusters flare up, but the only sound was an annoyed 
bleeping from the control board.  

"What the hell?"  She brushed aside a stack of hentai magazines and read the flashing 
text:  IDENTIFICATION LOCK ACTIVE.  PLEASE IDENTIFY.  She hurriedly pressed 
her thumb onto the blue pad, belatedly realizing this wasn't her ship.  The message on the 
screen changed to 'INVALID IDENTIFICATION' for a moment, and then resumed its 
previous message, but Ayeka was already on her way down the hall.

* * *

Five minutes later, she slung the injured Tenchi Masaki into a passenger's seat, slamming 
his thumb down over the blue pad.  And just in time.  Screeches of tearing steel peirced 
Ayeka's ears, but were drowned out by the roar of the engines.

"Damage report!"  she hollered over the screaming thrust.  A cross section of the ship 
appeared onscreen, flashing red in several places.  It wasn't too bad, thank Tsunami.  
Ayeka gave the "TAKE OFF" switch a toggle, and they left the border station behind.  

They got off to a shakey start, (Ayeka imagined this was a result of the pulse rifle shots 
and the various holes in the hull), but were safely orbiting the station in a few minutes.  
Ayeka once again tried to send her ship a transmission.  

Her Lieutenant's face appeared on the Hermes' viewscreen.  Ayeka took a deep, relieved 
breath.

"Commander,"  the young woman began, "where are you?  We've been expecting you 
for twenty minutes; we're all ready to load the ore."

"Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore.  There's been a mix-up.  We won't 
be making any deals today, and it's quite likely that I'll need to take a leave of absence 
for a few days."

"Commander?  Begging your pardon, but what the hell's going on?"

"It's a long story, Lieutenant.  What I need for you to do is contact headquarters and tell 
them we'll be a few days late and a hell of a lot of Arkhan ore short.  Can you do that for 
me?"

The young woman opened her mouth, but never got a chance to reply before Ayeka's 
view screen went blank.  She switched to a navigation view … just in time to see the 
entire Arkhan border station explode in one huge blast.

* * *
End Chapter Two
* * *

Notes.
Confused? Ha ha ha!  I've got you right where I want you!  Once again, I beg you for 
responses. Love it?  Hate it? Worship it?  Kiss the ground it walks on? Think it should 
die? Think death is too good for it?  Let me know!  Was it better or worse than the first 
chapter?  What do you want to see me do with it?  I won't know unless YOU tell me.  E-
mail at my snazzy new address The_Menace_Washuu@yahoo.com !  Later,

	-Menace OUT
