Disclaimer.
Nobody likes disclaimers, so I'll keep this short.  I don't own Tenchi, Ayeka, Noboyuki, 
Achika, or Jurai.  I certainly DO own Naster, Tago, etc.  These characters - to say - they 
are mine.  But the aforementioned belong to Pioneer/AIC.  Please to not sue me.  

Notes.
In case you couldn't tell by the title, this is a fic about a totally different dimension of 
Tenchi from the one we know and love.  It's completely wacky and farfetched.  If you are 
offended by utter weirdness (is that a word?  It is now) turn away now.  This was 
originally inspired by a (contain your laughter now) episode of Star Trek.  So, now that 
I'm a dork, lets move on.  HOWEVER.  That was only the original idea!!! I've taken 
this fic much farther than that, and a lot farther than I ever expected to take it at all.  Just 
read.

* * *

Tenchi Muyo:  The Alternative World

By The Menace Washuu

* * *

"Tenchi, I want you to know that whatever happens, I will always love you."

The lady Achika's flowing Jurain gown became distorted at first, and then she flickered 
and died.  Tenchi stared at the spot where his late mother had been standing a moment 
before.  He cried, silently.

Twenty years.  It was twenty years since his mothers death, and he was still moved by her 
last holographic message to her son.  Tenchi didn't even remember when she died, or 
anything about her.  The only things he knew about his mother, he knew from this 
message.  Sometimes, when life was too difficult to bear, he'd disappear into his 
screening room and be comforted by this stranger who loved him.  

Tenchi buried his face in his hands, tears tickling his unshaven chin.  He loved his 
mother.  He loved her, though he never knew her.  And he hated the fact that her memory 
had been reduced to a disc.  A data pattern.  A hologram.

<Well, my father certainly doesn't remember her.> 

Not even a year after his mother's death Noboyuki had taken another wife.  She was 
stylish, sexy and rich.  To Noboyuki, it was as though Achika had never existed.  All that 
he cared about now was that slut Murimya and her money.

"Bastard," Tenchi muttered, his tears beginning to dry.  A red light affixed to the 
chestplate he wore began to flash.  "Hmm."  Tenchi turned on his heel and left the 
screening room, tapping a few buttons by the door as he went.  

The view from the bridge offered an interesting sight.  A planet, one which Tenchi and 
his ship were obviously very close to, judging by its size, could be seen looming grandly 
on the viewscreen.  The control panel was encrusted with all sorts of odds and ends, from 
ancient fast food containers to wads of money.  Tenchi hastily shoved the mess aside.

Under an old tax form, Tenchi found another flashing red light, sister to the one on his 
chest.  Next to it, in primitive-looking font, were the words:  TARGET LOCATION 
CONFIRMED.  PURSUE?

Tenchi smiled for the first time in weeks as he tapped the blinking button.

"Long time, no see, old friend.  I hope you have what I'm looking for.  If not ..."  His 
smile widened to a grin.

* * *

"And this..."  the slender man gestured to a marble-sized...well, marble.  "...is a sulfur 
bomb."  He grinned, his perfect white teeth shining with his spotless lab coat.

Ayeka arched an eyebrow.  "Sulfur?"
"Yes, ma'am.  You see, we find sulfur to be more effective - well, that is, less messy - 
than hydrogen.  Not to mention the cost of producing sulfur-based explosives is about 
one tenth as much as hydrogen.  We find hydrogen to be..."

Ayeka's mind began to wander.  If there was one thing she'd learned from her career in 
Special Operations, it was that people in lab coats seldom have anything interesting to 
say.  It wasn't that she had no interest in sulfur bombs, on the contrary, she rather enjoyed 
blowing things up.  However, she often wished members of the equiptment crew would 
just shut up and show her how to ignite the damn thing.

"...and, as you can see, the pressure center of hydrogen-"

"Yes, that's absolutely terrific.  Now, how do I set it off?"

The young man looked a bit put out.  He had been ready to pull out a diagram and 
conclude his fascinating lecture when the Commander interrupted him.  He coughed 
politely.  "Hrm.  Like this."  He pointed out a tiny black switch on the side, so small it 
was nearly invisible.  He flipped the switch.  "You see, now that I've switched it to the 
'ON' position I have exactly ten seconds until it detonates.  Makes for tidy exits."  He 
grinned at Ayeka.

"Well...?"  Ayeka prompted him.  The man's face fell.

"Commander?"

Ayeka voice rose steadily in fear, "Aren't you going to put the switch back in 'OFF'?!"

"Ack!"

Luckily, he managed to turn it off in time.  Ayeka sighed heavily as she thought, <No 
more explosives for this guy.  He's headed back to warp research.> 

"Well, now...ahem.  Right this way, if you would, ma'am..."

Ayeka massaged her temples.  It was going to be a long day.

* * *

"Three thousand?  Are you out of your mind?"

"Take it o leave it, buddy, Ah got better tings to tink about."

Tenchi, still grumbling, pulled a ball of crumpled bills from his pocket and thrust them at 
the sweaty shop owner.  It was dark in the little hut where they bargained, but Tenchi 
could see the little hovercar quite well through the doorless opening.  It was an old piece 
of junk, and ugly as all hell.  It looked like it had been thrown together from scraps, as an 
experiment to see if it would run.  

The shopkeeper grinned, a horrible contortion of his disgusting piscine lips.  His single 
tooth hung haphazardly over his lower lip, and a terrible stench like rotted meat 
constantly surrounded him.  A glass ball gleamed in the socket where one eye was 
missing.  Tenchi looked away, repelled.

"What about gas?"  Tenchi inquired, without looking back at the man.

"Eh?" the shopkeeper grunted.

"How much gas will I need to get to Katrasumo?"

The man raised an eyebrow and began shuffling around under the counter, finally coming 
up with a white tank.  Tenchi reached for it.

"Ah-ah-ah!  Tat'll be tenty-fife, if ya please."  The man grinned again.  Tenchi snarled, 
threw the money at him, and grabbed the tank.

Filling up the fuel tank turned out to be more difficult then Tenchi thought.  When he 
finally finished, and got the engine started (another ordeal), he discovered that while the 
motor ran, sparks flew from every wire in the cruiser.  Trembling with rage, Tenchi 
pulled a sweaty cigarette from his clothes and lit it up on one of the wire ends.  

He puffed and gnashed the poor cigarette furiously as his little hovercraft rattled out of 
Yonohan and into the desert.

One hour and 125 miles later, Tenchi stood on the edge of a cliff next to his broken-down 
hovercar.  His mouth spouted a colorful string of obscenities, in several languages, some 
classic swears and ones he made up as he went along.

"Shit in my mouth!" He concluded with a kick to the cruiser.

Below him, he could see the thriving little trade town of Katrasumo.  Katrasumo was, by 
no means, a pleasant place to be.  Full of merchants with too much money, and theives 
who wanted to help them reduce their surplus.  Katrasumo was the place where people 
came to find what they missed out on during long months in space - in other words there 
were plenty of cheap whores and lots and lots of alcohol.

<Katrasumo is definitely the place to find Naster.>

* * *

Ayeka stood ramrod straight before her commanding officer.  Her crisp uniform itched 
her, but she didn't even blink an eye.  The room she stood in was rather large - at least, it 
seemed large.  It was completely barren of furniture, save the small metal desk and chair 
in which the Secretary General was seated.  There was a single light in the room, and that 
was the Secretary's desk lamp.  Ayeka waited for her superior to acknowledge her.

"Commander," the Secretary General spoke in a hushed voice, but with force.  One never 
had to strain their ears to hear him.  Ayeka could have been halfway across the room and 
not missed a word he said.

"Sir?"

"You will be happy to know that we have indeed found another assignment for you."

"Thank you, sir.  I do not deserve to command another mission."

"Yes, well.  There was some discussion in the council chamber after you - ahem - turned 
down your last assignment.  As it were."

Ayeka suppresed a smirk.  'Turned down' fell something short of an accurate description 
of what she had done.  She was lucky - telling an admiral to fuck off wasn't something 
people normally got away with.  She coughed politley.

"Yes.  As it were," she repeated, "Let me thank you once again for your generousity, sir."

"Of course.  But the next time you find yourself displeased with your situation - well, 
just don't let it happen again."

"Understood."

"Good luck, Commander.  Dismissed."  Ayeka made a sharp salute which the Secretary 
returned tiredly, and left.  She blinked to adjust her eyes to the brightly lit hallway, the 
door sliding shut behind her with a hiss.

"How'd it go, Commander?"  Ayeka turned to the source of the voice.

"Better than expected, actually."  She smiled at the young man, Tago.  He was a sweet 
kid, a cadet, just starting his training.  His boyish freckles made him look even younger 
than he was - six years her junior.

"Well, you're still alive, I see.  Was the Sec feeling merciful?

"I suppose he was.  I'm commanding another assignment."

"Great!"  the boy looked genuinely pleased, "That's great, commander!  Good luck!"

Ayeka couldn't help but smile at his reaction.  Tago had a way of radiating his emotions.  
Whenever you hung around him, you felt swayed into whatever mood he was in.  
Fortunately, he was usually in a good mood.

"Thanks, Tago,"  she said, still smiling, "Don't you have a class to get to?"

"I did five minutes ago.  Another few minutes won't make a difference."

"They certainly will!"  Tago looked at her with puppy dog eyes, and she laughed.  "Come 
on, cadet.  You know I wouldn't make you go to class if I had a choice - but I don't.  
Now, get!"

She made as if to kick him, but he scampered off down the hallway, laughing.  Ayeka 
started off for the docking bay with a sigh.

* * *

Tenchi wrung out the cloth he'd wound around his head, sweat dripping onto the sand 
and immediately evaporating.  He had been able to make his way down the cliff on foot, 
but not without a struggle.  The face of the cliff wasn't sheer, thank the Kami, but it 
wasn't exactly a perfect stone stairway.  Climbing down involved much edging along, 
finding sure footing and tiny ledges onto which he could descend.  Once he reached a 
point about twenty feet off the ground, he said a prayer and jumped.  

Tenchi's hand brushed the empty flask at his side, and he felt a tinge of regret  that he 
didn't refill it back at the junk shop. Not that it mattered now - all he had to do was stroll 
into a bar and show his two cents.  

The streets were incredibly lively.  It seemed out of place for so much activity and life to 
exist in such a place of death as the desert.  Even the little sandstone huts that made up 
the small city looked like gravestones to Tenchi.  A grotesque pig-like creature walked in 
Tenchi's direction, and he stopped it.

"Pardon.  Do you know where I can find Naster Vance?"

The pig seemed to consider this.  "Yin yallo yepaysa Naster?"  it replied.

"Yes, Naster.  Where is he?"  Tenchi asked again, having no idea what the creature said.  
The thing smiled.  It didn't seem so much a smile as a sneer, but that could have been 
Tenchi's interpretation.  What did he know from alien-pig body language?

"Ha ha ha.  Naster yenoso kento.  So yasa droy,"  It poked a pudgy thumb at one of the 
local bars, "Kesanya," it concluded.

"Thanks,"  Tenchi said, and began toward the bar.  The pig thing grabbed his arm.

"Sok soya!  Kin kaso de droy," it extended an arm and revealed its palm.  The meaning 
was quite obvious.  Tenchi obligingly pulled a coin from his suit and deposited it in the 
thing's hand.  "Ya senro!" the thing called after him as he headed for the bar.

* * *

Naster Vance was a celebrity.

He spent his days in this dark bar, which belonged to a frazzled ex-merchant named Jiko, 
drinking and gambling.  He considered him self a philosopher, a theorist and a thinker - 
basically, if it didn't involve leaving his table in the corner of the bar, he could do it.  In 
reality, he wasn't any of these things - unless you consider his alcohol-induced  
statements to be philosophical predictions, his list of poker tells to be scientific theories, 
or believe that ordering another round of beers requires thinking.  Nonetheless, he was 
the admiration of every man, woman and otherwise who entered Jiko's bar.   Constantly 
keeping his company were two women (not always the same women, but always two) 
and a pint of booze.  Groupies would gather around his table to watch him lose at cards 
and listen to his stories about when he 'used to be a space pirate'.    If there was one thing 
to be said for Naster, he could tell damn fine stories.  But Naster couldn't win at cards for 
his life - so he only bet money.  He'd known one too many cocky gamblers who had 
literally played for their lives, and...well, it didn't bear thinking about. 

As with any self-respecting, devil-may-care card player, Naster Vance was up to his 
armpits in debt.  It didn't bother him, and he seldom thought about it.  He was so secure 
in his corner at Jiko's bar that nothing worried him.  After all, who could possibly know 
where he was?

Such was his state of mind when Tenchi strode into the bar to collect on his debt.  Naster 
didn't notice him at first, as his whole attention was focused on his hand.  He had a two 
of hearts, a seven of hearts, a nine of hearts, a jack of hearts, and a stinking three of 
spades.  He passed the three, face-down, to the dealer for another card.  Flush, flush, 
flush, he prayed, but to no avail.  The card displayed a big, black spade in the middle and 
A's in two corners.  Naster smirked and glanced confidently at his opponents, practicing 
his classic bluff.

The - man? - he wasn't sure what to call the creature - to his left threw a handful of coins 
into the pile at the center of the table.  The man who was dealing chuckled, sounding like 
a car trying to start.  "You sure you don't want to fold, Vance?"

Naster grinned, though his face, as well as the others', was hidden in shadow.  "Positive,"  
he replied, and tossed his own coins into the pot.  Naster had never in his life folded his 
hand.  He felt that if he stayed with it 'till the end, he could lose with dignity.  All this 
really accomplished was more money lost, and it made him look like a punk.

"Then show 'em, smart-ass."

Naster laid out his hand with a sigh, saying wistfully, "You boys was lucky this time.  
Beginner's luck.  Shan't be so fortunate next time," his face lit up, "Jiko, how's about 
another round?"

Naster peered over toward the bar, looking for the silhouette of the barkeep in the dim 
light, but couldn't make it out.  What he did see was a small, round red light, and a 
shadow moving in his direction.  Naster leaned forward, straining his eyes and praying 
that this person had no business with him.

The tall, muscular man ( he could make out enough of the figure to tell that it was a man) 
stepped forward with a slow, purposeful pace.  The low light over the bar began to 
illuminate his person, first his rag-like suit, his chest and finally his face.  Tenchi smiled 
with no emotion.

"Tenchi!"  Naster blurted out, more in surprise than as a greeting.  He tried to hide his 
shock by adding, "You...you're doing well?"

"Not particularly,"  his voice was low and hushed and dangerous, and Naster trembled.

"Well, sorry to hear that, old chap,"  Naster chuckled nervously, "What brings you here, 
old friend?  If a man may inquire."

Tenchi's smile faded.  He knew better than to trust Naster about anything, and he 
certainly wasn't buying the 'old friend' crap.

"I believe you owe me a sum of money.  If a man may collect," Tenchi's voice dripped 
with sarcasm.  Naster drew in a quick breath.

"Apologies, my dear old friend.  But, as you can see, this strapping young lad has won 
away my last farthing.  Apologies, apologies, I'm afraid."

"Naster.  I haven't got the patience or the time.  If you don't give me the money in cash, 
I'll get it in some other form.  Old friend."

The scantily clad women on either side of Naster looked at each other, with heads as 
empty as Naster's pockets.  They giggled and sidled out of the booth seats, joining the 
rapidly-forming circle around the great Naster and his challenger.  Naster, left all alone, 
huddled in his corner of Jiko's bar, was beginning to panic.  In three years, his territory 
had never been breached, his authority never challenged.  He'd built a world in three 
years, a world that didn't scare him, a world where people loved him - well, maybe not 
loved him, but it was possibly the closest thing to love anyone had ever showed him.  He 
was respected, and he felt good, he felt at home.  But now, his world had been violated, 
his security shattered, and  he wasn't sure what to do.  Alright, Naster, he thought, pull 
yourself together.  You're still the man everybody wants to meet.  Play it cool.

"I don't know how you mean, my boy.  I'm sure I've no more cash on my person.  Cross 
my heart, what?"  Tenchi smirked.

"Would you mind if we could speak in private?"

* * *

The scene from outside of Jiko's bar was a thoroughly amusing one.  Not five minutes 
after entering the hut, the tall, dark man stomped swiftly back out, a small parcel under 
one arm.  The next second, another man stumbled in a dash out of the bar, bare as the day 
he was born.  His one hand barely managed to hide his nasty bits, and the other was 
extended toward the man as he screamed for his clothes.

"Masaki!  I'll pay, I'll pay it! Give me my knickers!!!"

Tenchi payed no heed to the has-been that was Naster Vance.  He spotted Naster's 
speeder and wasted no time high-tailing it out of Katrasumo.

Naster watched him go, seething with hate and humiliation.  He had lost the respect of his 
groupies.  No one would want to hang around the retired space pirate loser now.  He 
would be evicted from his corner, new men moving in with bigger tales and better hands 
at cards.  No one would love him, now that he was naked.  Naster headed sullenly back to 
Jiko's bar, but only to pack his things.

His world was invaded.  His pride was shattered.  He had nowhere to go.  

Naster Vance was no longer a celebrity.

* * *

End Chapter One

* * *

Notes.
Thanks for reading, but I really need you to take it one step farther.  I want you to send 
me comments!!!!!!!  If I can get a hold of people who want to read some more, then I'll 
continue posting this story.  I have a feeling I'll keep writing it whether I post it or not, 
but if it makes you sick (feel free to flame, by the way) I won't subject you to further 
torture.  IF I DON'T GET CORRESPONDENCE, I WILL NOT POST ANOTHER 
CHAPTER!!!  Send me everything you can give:  Flames, Worships, Suicide Notes, 
Freshly Baked Cookies, Death Threats, Diamonds, Criticism, Flowers, or even (though I 
know this one may be difficult to grasp) CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM!!!!!!!!  Wow!  
E-mail all your garbage first class to allyn.howey@worldnet.att.net !  Gotcha?  Goodie.  

- Menace OUT


