ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOUR HEART: part 1

DISCLAIMER: The characters and situations on whence this story is based
are the property of AIC and Pioneer. Please do not sue me, this story
was purely written for fun and from inspiration, besides I have no money
anyway. The words contained in this story belong to me. Please refrain
from reproducing this story in whole, or in part, without my consent.
Thank You.

ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOUR HEART:	Part 1



I realise now that I should have figured it out on my own, I should have
understood. 

However I couldn't ...part of me didn't want to... understand. Part of
me wanted to stay ignorant and pretend that everything was fine. That
tomorrow, with the dawn of a new day, that meeting between them,
wouldn't mean anything, and Ryoko and I would fight over Tenchi as
usual. 

I realise now that all the events leading up to this climax had secured
the outcome.
 
I realise that it all began yesterday, on that fateful summer's day. 
			*				*				*		
My stomach rumbled loudly. The picnic was supposed to start half an hour
ago, but Tenchi was harvesting carrots, Washu was researching, as usual,
Mr. Masaki had to work, Ryoko was no where to be found and Sasami was
putting the finishing touches on the lunch she had prepared. 
					
"I'm so hungry!" Mihoshi breathed. She glanced around erratically, "Just
where is everyone, I wonder." She raised her arms high in the air,
stretching slowly. "Ahhhh" She smiled "It feels great to be out here, in
the sun!" her grin deepened. "Isn't that right Ayeka?"

"Yes," I smiled at the blonde girl in return and watched her as she
spread herself out on the linen blanket. "It's been much too long since
our last picnic." I noted.

"Oh I know!" Mihoshi agreed whole-heartedly. 

The day was warm, yet the breeze that blew through my hair was
comfortingly cool. The lake shone bright blue, mirroring the cloudless
sky. Contentedly, I sighed, taking in the awe inspiring scenery and
thinking of pleasant things. Sitting here with Mihoshi like this,
overlooking the invigorating lake with the wind in my hair and the sun
shining brightly was so peaceful.

"I could almost fall asleep." I sighed, as I closed my eyes and felt the
sun embrace me.

The only response was the sound of Mihoshi's snoring. I opened my eyes
and looked at her. Sure enough, she had already fallen asleep and was
now snoring serenely. Sweat formed on my brow, "Uh, Mihoshi..." I said 
	
"ZZZZZZZZZ" Was the only reply.

I giggled, "Trust Mihoshi to fall asleep!" I smiled.

"Miya!" A cry rang out to my left, and I saw an excited Ryo-Oh-Ki, in
cabbit form, make a furious sprint around me.  "Miya! Miya!" She stopped
in front of my knees and looked at me, eyes wide. "Miya?!" She meowed
her greeting. 

"Hello, Ryo-Oh-Ki...." I extended my hand and caressed her ear.  She
purred delightedly.

"Hi sis!" Sasami said excitedly, coming up behind me and placing a
rather large picnic basket on the blanket. She looked at Mihoshi's
sleeping form. "Uhm, where is everyone?" She wondered.

"Nobiyuki said he couldn't make it, because of work." I explained.

She folded her skirt carefully as she sat down. "Really?" She asked.
"And what about Tenchi?" 

"He just finished harvesting the carrots, so he went to have a quick
shower." 

At the mention of carrots, Ryo-Oh-Ki got hyperactive, and started
darting around, searching for one. Sasami fished in the basket and gave
her one and she munched it, happily.

"Oh? And what about Washu...?"

"She's coming," I nodded past her and Sasami turned around to see Washu
heading towards us.

"Hello, people." Washu waved a greeting as she neared.

"Where's Ryoko?" Sasami asked her. 

She shrugged, "Don't know," she said "I haven't seen her since this
morning." She contemplated for a moment. "Which is odd, because she
usually makes her presence known to the world." She added, sitting down
on the blanket.                   

"That's for sure." I agreed

Sasami looked worried. 

"Oh don't worry, Sasami." I said, "I saw her near the lake, when I went
to lay out the picnic blanket earlier." 

"What did she do when she saw you?" Washu asked mysteriously.

"Teleported, why?" I asked her. 

"Nothing, It's just that she's been acting mighty strange recently,
that's all." She justified.

"Hi Everyone." Tenchi came up behind me with Katsuhito, or rather Yosho,
in tow.  

"Hello...Tenchi." As usual, I blushed madly when Tenchi was around and
as I looked at him, I shivered. 

The feeling emanating from my heart was so intense. It was almost
unearthly.  I had never, in my whole life, felt this way about anyone
before. <So this is what it is like to be in love? >  I wondered. It was
strange, there seemed to be a fine line between love and nausea. Yet,
the pure joy I felt as I gazed at Tenchi assured me that I was not ill.
Love sick, maybe, but definitely not ill. 

I realised Tenchi was embarrassed, because I had been staring at him
silently for over a minute. My face grew alarmingly red, and even
Katsuhito asked me if I was all right. After I convinced everyone I was
perfectly fine, Mihoshi woke up.

"I'm so hungry!" She breathed. She looked around erratically. "Hello...?
When did you all arrive?" She looked at us in disbelief. 
	
Sweat beads formed on our heads.
	
"Well, since were all together, why don't we have a picnic out here?"
She said excitedly. "Yes," She determined "That would be fun!"

"Great idea Mihoshi..." Washu noted sarcastically.

"Oh, Thank you." Mihoshi grinned, pleased. 	

"Wow!" Tenchi exclaimed, looking at all the food in the basket. "This
must have taken you ages Sasami, how do you manage to do it?" 

"Oh, I like to do it."  She blushed, as the compliments surfaced from
everyone. "Plus Ayeka helped me."

"Mmmmmm..."  Mihoshi gave us her approval with a mouth full of food. The
others dug in appreciatively.

As I raised my chopsticks to my mouth, I looked over the surface of the
lake. Suddenly, my eyes widened and my hand halted in mid-air. 

Tenchi noticed my peculiar expression, and asked me what was the matter.
Speechless, I pointed to the lake.

It was bubbling. 

Not just one bubble, but many. The centre of the lake gave the
impression that it was boiling. We gaped at it eyes open wide. We stood
up together and I braced myself.

"Oh Dear..." Mihoshi said. 

Tenchi took a defensive stance. 

Unexpectedly, the water started to swirl in an aquatic cyclone. Still
gawking stupidly we watched, enraptured. Suddenly, the water stilled,
and a woman, immersed in a blue light emerged from it. Not just any
woman though ...  Ryoko. 

One word can describe the way she looked that day: 

Ethereal.
	
As much As I hate to admit it, Ryoko was beautiful, and the entrance she
had made had guaranteed attention. What struck me as odd, was what she
was wearing. She had a peach coloured summer dress on, with yellow
flowers scattered on it. The skirt was quite full and as she flew
towards us, it blew around and billowed out. Her hair was also
different, she had tied it back with a cloth band and it blew
seductively in the wind. She hardly ever wore human clothing and I
wondered why she had. I glowered and folded my arms. <Just what is she
trying to pull?> I thought to myself, frowning. I glanced over at
Tenchi, and blanched when I saw the expression on his face. His mouth
was partially open and he looked awed. 

"Hello Tenchi...." she murmured lusciously, as she touched down on the
ground and walked towards us. "What do you think?" She asked, striking a
pose.

I felt my blood boil.

Tenchi swallowed, "R-Ryoko, you look, lovely." He breathed. 

"Only lovely? Hmm?" She asked him, seductively.

"L-like, like an, an Angel..." He whispered.

My heart stopped beating as he uttered those words. 

"Thank you Tenchi..." She beamed, grabbing his arm possessively.
Turning, with her back to Tenchi she faced me, raised her brow, and
stuck out her tongue. 

"Why you...!" I seethed, making a fist. Now I realised why Ryoko had
been acting so strangely! All of this was a set up! Just to snare
Tenchi! 

"Lets go for a little walk, Hmm Tenchi?" She purred, snuggling up to
him.

"I Uh..." He swallowed. "But the picnic..." his voice trailed off. 

Rage took over my emotions; I grabbed my bento basket, tensing. I was
just about to hit her, when I felt a small hand grip my Jurian kimono
tightly. Turning, I saw Sasami looking at me with pleading eyes. Slowly
she shook her head at me.

I paused, stupefied. Couldn't Sasami see Tenchi didn't wasn't to go
along with this monster woman?

Now I realise that she had been wiser than me and was only seeing what I
denied.

"You won't be hungry after I'm done with you!" She grinned from ear to
ear.

Tenchi turned bright red, "I- Uh..." He swallowed again.

"Come on Tenchi...! Where's your sense of fun!?"  Ryoko grinned, then
levitated above our heads, with him in tow.

"Ry-Ryoko!" He reasoned with her for a moment "My food-!" He yelled as
Ryoko flew off into the open air. 

I scowled thinking of all the things that witch, would be trying to do
to him, wherever they were going. It annoyed me that Tenchi hadn't put
up much of a fight. It almost seemed he wanted to be taken away! 

"Ryoko sure looked pretty." Mihoshi noted, "I wonder where she got that
cute dress," she said.

I opened my mouth to speak, to ask Sasami why she had stopped me, but no
words would form. I think that part of me knew why.

"Tenchi would sure have to be strong to resist Ryoko's charms."
Katsuhito noted calmly. I stared at him oddly. He was looking directly
at me.

I closed my mouth and about-faced, walking towards the house.

"Ayeka!" Sasami cried, concerned.

I heard Washu's calm voice. "Let her go, Sasami." She was saying. 

Suddenly, I wasn't hungry anymore.


			*				*				*		       
For some reason, I couldn't sleep that night. Waking at what I guessed
was at least 12:00 at night, I stirred in my bed searching for a cool
position to lie in. Tossing and turning I lay under the covers until the
heat grew around me and soon I found myself fully awake.

I had some idea to what was causing my insomnia. There was a nagging
suspicion in the inner depths of my mind that told me it was being
induced by irreverent thoughts of none other than a cyan-tressed
she-demon, named Ryoko. 

Sighing, I stirred and slowly sat up on my futon. Now completely awake I
came to the conclusion that trying to fall asleep would only be futile.
My head hurt from thinking about the events of the day. What had
happened, had really gotten to me, and I didn't want to think about it
any more. Wearily I stretched and as I did so I caught a glimpse of the
twinkling orbs of light peeking at me through the window, from the
farthest reaches of the universe. The stars seemed to beckon and I
suddenly felt a strong desire to view them from outside.

A sound from the corner of the room broke me from my enchantment. Sasami
was sleeping, but mumbling something incoherent while she did so. I
noticed that in her slumber, she had kicked off her covers. Frowning
slightly, she turned over in her bed, still muttering. Rising, I
re-tucked her in amongst her sheets and kissed her lightly on the
forehead. She seemed to relax at my touch and her face smoothed out into
a mask of calm. <She looks so serene,> I noted fondly.
	
I didn't want to stay in the room, so I reached for my Jurian night robe
and slung it on. Gently, I tied it at the waist.  Cautiously opening the
door, I slipped outside and paused to stare down the dark corridor. The
house was deathly quiet and the only sound that I could hear was faint
snoring emanating from Mihoshi's room. The silence made me uneasy and
seemed to increase the volume of each trembling step I took. I
delicately crept past the rooms and padded down the stairs. 

When I reached the bottom I gasped in astonishment. 

Moonlight was spilling into the house from every direction, brightening
the first floor. It was pure white, and as I stood there, I felt
cleansed by the radiance. Blinking, I had to wait a moment while my eyes
adjusted to the sudden illumination. Then I gradually inched past the
kitchen, to the glass sliding doors, which were separating me from the
outside. 

When I paused to glance outside, and view the tranquil garden, my eyes
unexpectedly seemed to focus on my own reflection looking wistfully back
at me. I blinked, something about me seemed ... peculiar.

My azure night-gown was timidly peeking out from under the rich
silk-like Jurian robe, which shimmered in a sapphire blue colour. The
edges of the robe and of my sleeves were a deep violet. The cord around
my waist was ruby red and the overlaying shoulder pieces shone
turquoise. As my eyes rested on my face I then realised that in my haste
to fasten my hair that night; I had lost my hair tie somewhere while I
had been sleeping. Now, my hair, which was usually in pigtails, was
flowing loosely over my shoulders.  Brushing it back with my hand, I
resisted the temptation to go back up to my room and get a hair tie,
although the feeling of having my hair flowing free, was most peculiar.  

I inhaled and swiftly pushed the sliding door aside. Outside, the air
smelled sweet and crisp, and a warm breeze caressed my cheek. The pale
moon was full, and as I settled on the edge of the engawa, I found
myself wondering why humans went through these unnatural phases during
this particular time. They seemed to act so eccentric when the moon was
full.  

As I wondered, I found myself mesmerised by the everlasting stars. They
twinkled with mystery, almost mischievously; awaiting one less
experienced to only guess the possible life they held. 

It was not cold, yet I shivered suddenly. Sitting out in the open like
this, it almost felt as if, -- It was not _I_ who was viewing the moon
and the stars this night... Yet, instead _they_ were viewing _me_. I
felt scrutinised, and a bizarre sensation, like I was being watched,
swept over me. 

"Miss Ayeka...?" 

At the sound of his voice, my heart stopped beating and started soaring.

"What are you doing out here at this time of night?" Tenchi asked,
concern in his voice. "Are you all right?" 

"I'm well, thank you...Tenchi" I replied, to shy even to look at him. "I
just...couldn't sleep, that's all." 

"You too?" He sighed, sitting down next to me. "I woke up about twenty
minutes ago." He explained. "Since then I haven't been able to fall
asleep, so I decided to come out here." He told me, looking up at the
sky. "The moon sure is beautiful tonight." He commented. 

We gazed at the stars for a moment, then a sound behind us made us both
turn around. 

"Mi-ya...?" Inside the house, peering at us through the glass, Ryo-Oh-Ki
stared at us strangely, head cocked to one side. 

"Hello Ryo-Oh-Ki," Tenchi said.

"Miya!" Thinking the door was open; the cabbit made a mad dash for us
and promptly smacked against the surface of the door. Dazed, she slowly
got up.

"Aw, Ryo-Oh-Ki, you okay?" Tenchi asked.

"Poor little thing." I commented.

She got up and glared evilly at the glass door. Growling, she got into a
pouncing position, eyeing it furiously.

Tenchi looked amused, and started to smile. 

I started to giggle. 

"Grrrr..." She looked intensely at the glass. 

That was the last straw-- seeing her concentration made me burst into
laughter and Tenchi along with me. We laughed for almost a minute
together and as our giggles died down, we looked towards Ryo-Oh-Ki. She
had phased through the door and was sitting there, bemused.  One ear was
perked upwards and she was looking at us as if we were crazy. Huffily,
she turned around, phased back through and marched off, out of sight.
She seemed noticeably insulted. 

"I think we insulted the cabbit." Tenchi chuckled. 

That made us laugh even more, and I felt tears suddenly form. Peals of
laughter floated around us.

"Oh," I sighed "To think-- Ryo-Oh-Ki locked into battle with a glass
door!" 

As we imagined this, we laughed even harder.

It felt good to laugh.

"Ha ha, Oh she was so cute." Tenchi noted.

"Oh, oh..." I chortled trying to regain my breath. "I never laughed so
much before..." Trying to breathe normally, I wiped the tears from the
corner of my eyes and the laughter died down a little, but the smiles
were still there.  

"I hardly ever hear you laugh. " Tenchi noticed.

"Oh... I," I faltered not knowing what to say.

"You have a lovely laugh," He said. 

"Thank You," I whispered. Wanting, but unable, to say more. 

<Why cant I just be more open for once? > I thought to myself. <Why do I
have to be so prim and proper all the time?> I wanted to open my soul, I
wanted to tell him that it was *he* that made me laugh. It was *he*,
that brought out the best in me... But I just couldn't do it; I was too
flustered, too self-conscious. Too wrapped up in the thoughts of what
had happened that day, between him and Ryoko.

We went silent.

The moments passed, and I found myself gazing at the moon once more. 

"Sometimes," I whispered, still staring upwards "When I look at the sky
like this, It seems as if I'm still on Jurai..." I said pensively.
	
I felt his eyes upon me, "Do you miss Jurai?" he asked. 

I stopped, contemplating the question.  "No." I said softly, decisively.	

"Really?" 

"Yes." I said  "Jurai is part of me, yet, I don't miss it as such..." 

"But, You left so much behind..." he said. "A palace, status, power,
fame, fortune..."

I ignored the question, certainly, I had left a lot behind. However now
that I was here I had realised that there's was so much more to life
than that..."You know, Out of all the planets I have visited in the
universe..." I murmured "None can compare to the sheer splendour of the
one called Earth..." 

"Really?" He asked disbelieved.

<Yes!> my heart wanted to scream,  <Yes! This planet will always seem
beautiful to me, because of you!'> I wanted to tell him so badly; yet,
it was like an invisible force was stopping me. I wanted to be true to
my heart, yet all of these feelings were so new.  <Am I really such a
cold person?> I found myself thinking. I didn't want to be cold, I
didn't want to seem that way-- I wasn't unfeeling, I felt things too,
just like everyone else! I felt love. I felt the sheer pain of it. It
was the same feeling that anyone that had ever been born-- and would
ever be born-- felt. It was the same for me. 

My whole life I had been taught never to say what I felt, to always keep
my emotions in check-- 'Think and plan before you rush into things
Ayeka...' my fathers words haunted me. 'Never say what you really think,
you'll regret it later...' I used to think it was a virtue but at that
moment, as I sat there with Tenchi I realised it was a hindrance.  I
felt things too, yet I couldn't convey them --and that-- made me a cold
person.

"Ayeka...?" He said "Are you okay?" he asked noticing my silence.

Looking back I wonder what would have happened if I had told Tenchi that
I loved him. 

"There's a proverb on Jurai," I explained. " 'If you are true to your
heart, then your heart will be true to you...' " I said quietly.
Somehow, the phrase seemed fitting to the moment.

"That, sounds... so, so right..." He commented, then silence stilled the
air. 

I heard him inhale, then he spoke. "And, by remaining here, you have
been true to your heart...?" he asked with trepidation.	 

"Yes." I smiled, then paused. "Always be true to your heart...Tenchi" I
found myself saying. "Always," I repeated reverently "Don't be
scared..." Don't be scared like I am, was what I really wanted to say. 

He stiffened suddenly.  

I turned towards him. "Tenchi, what is it?" I asked, embarrassed,  "Did
I say something ---"

"No." He cut me off. "My- my mother used to always say that to me...In
fact, sometimes, when I was little we used to sit here like this and
look at the stars together." He sighed slowly, then stared straight
ahead. "Always follow your heart Tenchi..." He murmured, closing his
eyes. "Don't be scared..." He paused for a moment, and I was sure he had
been remembering her. He sighed, opening them again.

The wind picked up ever so slightly, and I felt my hair whisk across my
forehead in time with the gusts. Slowly he faced me, and as his eyes met
mine I felt a surge of love thrill through me. 

Suddenly, he gasped "Y-your hair.... It's down, " He stammered and his
eyes seemed to penetrate my soul. "You look," he whispered "You look so
much like--" He stopped in mid sentence. "Y-you look so, so
beautiful..." He finished. 

I blushed rapidly, "T-thank you." I breathed, looking away suddenly. I
looked to my left and he to his right. 

I damned my shyness once again.

"It's late," he said, 

"I think I should go to sleep." I said

"Me too." He got up, and extended his hand. 

As he helped me up, we entered the house silently. We went back up the
stairs without uttering a word. As we turned to go to our separate
rooms, he opened his 
mouth: 

"Ayeka..."

I turned to face him, my hand resting on the door, "Yes?"

"I'm glad you like it here," he said quietly.

"So am I," I replied, smiling softly. He turned again, and I felt sad to
see him go. As he was about to close the door behind him, I opened my
mouth:

"Tenchi..."

He turned towards me expectantly, "Yes...?"

"Goodnight..." 

He smiled at me and my pulse quickened. "Goodnight, Ayeka."

We entered our rooms. We closed the doors.

I flattened my back against the door. I could still feel my heart
beating fast, my hands were shaking. I admired my reflection for a
moment, then walked over to the window, where the moonlight seemed to
bathe my soul. 

"He told me that I was beautiful," I whispered to the moon.  I floated
over to my bed, and suddenly, I started to cry. 

I knew that I was being envious, jealous, resentful even...but I
couldn't help it. 

"I wish he had told me I looked like an Angel..." I whispered, salty
tears pouring out of my eyes, into my mouth.

I cried myself to sleep that night.
	

			*			*			*
That morning, I awoke noticeably late. When I finally did, it was about
Lunch-time. Last night, the tears and my thoughts hadn't allowed me to
sleep. Yawning and stretching I slowly got up and looked over the other
side of the room. Sasami had already woken up and the smell of lunch
wafting up stairs made my stomach rumble. I got up and got dressed and
made my way downstairs. 

"Morning, sleepyhead!" Sasami chirped cheerfully. 

Everyone was sitting around the table, and it seemed, that they had just
finished eating. I noticed Tenchi wasn't there, however. 

"Ah Sasami! That was so de-lish!" Mihoshi congratulated Sasami with a
light pat on the head. 

"Yes Sasami, that was the best lunch I've had in a long while." Washu
stretched, standing up.

"That's the only lunch you've had in a long while, Miss Washu." Sasami
informed her. "You should eat more."

"Ah, you're right, but the work of a genius cannot be halted!" She
announced raising her index finger high in the air.

Sasami turned towards me, "Sorry we started without you." She looked
apologetic. "We didn't want to wake you." 

I opened my mouth, to tell her that it was all right, when someone beat
me to it.

"That's Okay, Sasami." Tenchi said. 

I blushed at the sound of his voice then turned to look at him shyly. He
turned red as his gaze met mine.

"Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko leapt of the couch into his arms. "Why did you sleep
so long, huh?" She asked him. "I missed you so much!" 

He looked nervous, as her hands started to wander.

I started to grind my teeth. 

"Never mind, Let's go where we went yesterday, Tenchi!" She smiled
sensuously.

He started to remove her hands from his body, but in vain "Uh ...
Ryoko," he started. 

Anger took over my senses; I grabbed the nearest thing around and conked
her on the head with it. 

"Hey!!" She growled, "What did ya do that for!" She took up arms then
faced me. 

"Tenchi does not need a monster pawing him!" 

"Pawing!? Why I'll show you! You good for nothing..." She growled.

"Just try it!" I warned, 

"Girls, please..." Tenchi interjected.

"Stay out of this Tenchi..." Ryoko cautioned.

"Yes Tenchi." I added.

"Hmm..." Washu looked puzzled. "Yes, Why did you and Miss Ayeka sleep so
long?" Washu asked us. "Was there some sort of midnight rendezvous? Ha
ha" She laughed.

I turned bright red and looked outside. 

Tenchi blushed and looked towards the stairs. 

Ryoko froze and looked at me, then him, them me, then him, over and
over. 

Washu's eyes went wide. "You mean...?" She said in a gossipy tone 

"Tenchi!" Ryoko screeched, suddenly snapping out of her initial shock.
"Tell me it 'aint so!" She grabbed his arm "Tell me you didn't spend the
night with this witch!"

"Witch?" I glowered, "What Tenchi did with me last night is none of your
business!" I paused noticing that everyone was looking at me strangely.
"Uh, What I mean Is just because were together last night doesn't
mean..." I trailed off uncertainly.  

Everyone in the room gaped at us, mouths open wide.

"We were just..." Tenchi piped up. "I mean, It was just..." he swallowed
uneasily.

"It was just ... a " I racked my brain for something to clear me of my
deep embarrassment. Just a what? Technically it WAS a rendezvous-- yet
it was so innocent, not planned or anything... So why did I feel guilty?

Ryoko stopped, cleared her face of all emotion, and teleported out of
the room. 

"Ryoko! Wait" Tenchi yelled, but she was gone. He quickly bowed an
apology to us, "Excuse me, I have to go after--"

"Go." I didn't let him finish, not wanting to hear the rest. I watched
him with a heavy heart, as he ran outside. Somehow, I couldn't help but
feel al bit envious.

Sighing, I turned, only to take in the bewildered looks of Sasami,
Mihoshi and Washu. Katsuhito seemed to be ignoring us, sitting quietly
on the couch.

"You and Tenchi, Last night?" Sasami asked, eyes as wide as dishpans.

"Uh...I" Tenchi had been lucky to get away from these inquisitive minds
when he had the chance. 

"Tell me, how is he in bed? Hmm?"

"Miss Washu! It wasn't anything like that!" I snapped, indignantly.

"Oh, just a casual...rendezvous?" 

"Yes, just a casual rendez-- no!" I blushed.

"Really? How romantic!" Mihoshi dreamed "Did he kiss you? Hold you? Tell
you how-- " 

Their questions were too much. "It was nothing!" I yelled, and they all
went quiet.

No-one spoke for a moment, then Katsuhito turned towards me, and his
eyeglasses reflected the sun shining into the room.

"Was it really nothing?" he asked. "Did it feel like nothing at the
time?" 

His eyes bored into me. "I- I..." I faltered. 

"Or was it...something?"

"I don't know..." I looked away. 

But, I did know.

"Excuse me," I mumbled as I stumbled out of the house. Leaving them to
wonder just what did happen last night.

		*			*			*
I didn't look for them. For one thing, I had no idea where to start.
Searching would have taken me hours. Night had fallen and still there
seemed to be no sign of them. Dinner would be ready soon, and Sasami had
been getting worried; I had been anxious since it had become dark. I
supposed I was jealous. 

My ears perked up with the sound of a door opening.

"Finally!" I muttered rushing towards the sound.  

"Uh, hello Miss Ayeka." Tenchi said smiling sheepishly and entering with
Ryoko. Ryoko's expression was the same as this morning, totally blank.

"Tenchi!" I said almost sighing with relief. Suddenly, the anxiousness
was gone, and I realised that I had been worried for him. "What took you
so long?" I demanded.

"Ryoko didn't...feel...well" He said, faltering slightly. 

I found it hard to believe that she had felt ill, all alone with Tenchi.
It was most probably a ploy on her part to keep him there. I started
getting mad, fancy her taking advantage of Tenchi like that! I was about
to say so, when I found my eyes rest on her face. Come to think she did
look sort of unwell. "Dinners ready..." I blurted, instead.

I ate slowly, playing with my food. Dinner was delicious, yet my heart
wasn't into eating it. I was still plagued with confusing thoughts. What
had happened between them? What would happen? They were gone so long! My
mind wandered; <What if Ryoko and Ten---?> I started to ponder, then
quickly dismissed the thought.  

After dinner, Tenchi excused himself and went upstairs, Washu returned
to her lab, Mihoshi went to have a little nap on the couch, and
Ryoko--who knows where she disappeared to. Sasami and I cleared the
table. A few hours later night had fallen. Walking by the couch and the
sleeping Mihoshi, I noticed a sweater draped on the couch. I picked it
up, it smelt nice--like after-shave.

"Whose is this?" I asked Sasami.

"What...? Oh, that's Tenchi's. He's always leaving it downstairs." She
sighed.

"Maybe I should bring it up to him..." I contemplated. 

"Go ahead, " Sasami said. "I think he's in his room." 

"All right, I will." I said, ascending the stairs. 

The door to Tenchi's room was slightly open. As I neared it, I could see
inside. I walked up to the door, ready to knock and froze. It
was--Ryoko, with Tenchi--in his room! I calmed myself. <Ryoko's been in
Tenchi's room lots of times...> I reasoned. <There's no need to get
jealous.> Still, I didn't enter, opting to peer at them from the hallway
instead. What I saw made me gasp.

He held her hand, and I saw him whisper something in her ear. She smiled
at him shyly.  Time seemed to slow and he held out his arms and she
leapt in them, crying. He smiled at her and they embraced. 

A crack started to form on my heart.

Slowly, I saw her lips move, as she murmured something inaudible to
where I was standing. He nodded and she slowly lifted her head and gazed
at him with love. 

They stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity. 

Then, cautiously, she raised her head towards his, and tilted it ever so
slightly. 

It felt as If I had died. Momentarily frozen, the image of them seemed
forever burned in my mind. My breaths became quicker.

Of course it all made sense now, the picnic, the rendezvous the-- the--

Oh the humiliation! 

I felt sick, as Ryoko's face hovered closer and closer to Tenchi's. I
couldn't bear to watch, so as the moment came I rapidly looked away. The
sweater seemed to slip from my hands, and floated to the ground. I
watched it fall, it got all creased. I stared at it, moronically. I
suddenly felt faint.

'Be Happy, be happy be happy!' A little voice in the confines of my mind
started pestering me. 

My eyes started to sting. 'Tenchi's happiness is the only thing that
matters!' The phrase repeated itself, like a broken record, over and
over and over. Yet, the tears still formed and I felt them slip down my
face, a trickling stream at first, then intense, like a cascading
waterfall. 

'I can't let them suffer...' Again I tried to stop myself from crying 'I
have to be strong--'

"Strong." 

My voice trembled with emotion and, as the half-sobbed word slipped out
of my mouth, so did any self control I though I had. I couldn't help but
break down. Gradually I backed away from the doorway, gasping for
breath, trying to contain my miserable sobs, hoping, praying, that they
wouldn't notice me.  As I stepped in the hallway, the pain overcame me
and seemed to numb my senses. I hardly noticed the door starting to move
until I heard Tenchi's still sweet voice:

"Are you really happy?" He asked her serenely, and I dreaded the answer.

"Yes," She emerged, teary but beaming. "I am truly happy..." she grinned
at him.  

My hand leapt to my mouth.

"I really love you Ryoko," He told her earnestly. 

At that moment, my heart shattered into a million little pieces, which
traversed, extended and stung every part of my body.

She gazed at him with so much love in her eyes. "I know." She stated. 

I couldn't let them see me like this! I moved backwards, carelessly
knocking a vase over in the hallway. The noise seemed to break them from
their spell, and they swiftly looked in my direction.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi gasped, eyes wide, shocked.

His expression said it all!                       

Sobs racked my throat and I felt a knot from in my throat. I wanted to
be happy for them, Oh how I wanted to ... but it just hurt... 

It hurt so much. 

'Always be true to your heart...' 

The phrase seemed to materialise in my mind, I don't know why I thought
of it then, however, I considered the question; 'What was my heart
telling me?' My heart was telling me that I had to--, I had to get away!
I turned on my heel and ran...

I ran like a woman possessed and I have been running ever since, I'm
barely coherent to where I am, and where I am going. It doesn't seem to
matter anymore- 

Nothing seems to matter. 

The forest is dark and silent, so similar to how it was on that summer's
day. Tree after tree I pass, still crying. All that my mind will
acknowledge is the image of Ryoko and Tenchi, over and over I see them
inching closer to each other, hear him say to her "I really love you ...
Ryoko" Like a nightmare, the picture seems forever etched in my soul. In
a demonic twist, love has turned to hate and I condemn them both for
making me feel this way. 

"I hate you Ryoko!" I bawl "I hate you!" Except I don't just hate Ryoko
and my anger focuses on the Jurian prince. With fire in my heart I
screech "I loathe you! I don't need you, Tenchi!" I spit into the
midnight air. 

"I am Ayeka--First princess of Jurai! I don't need anyone!" 

With every on-going step like a prayer I repeat, "I hate you...I hate
you...I hate you...I hate you" The fire seems to spread to my vocal
cords and I shriek like a banshee: 

"I HATE YOU BOTH SO MUCH!" 

Suddenly the wind picks up, mirroring my temperament, The forest
branches start to sway, scratching my bare arms,  "I don't need you, I
don't need you!" I try to convince myself, as my rage fuels my strength.
"I don't need anyone!" 

As I communicate my wrath to the world, My hand suddenly flies to my
arm, where a sharp branch has caused a deep gash in it. Staring at the
blood that is trickling down, I finally understand that I do need them. 

Both of them--I need Ryoko, as much as I need Tenchi. 

She isn't a demon who has bewitched Tenchi into loving her, he truly
does of his own accord. I need them; like I need blood ...without them,
I cannot survive.  But my head is aching, as is my heart and the pain is
still there. 

Wistfully, I close my eyes.  I know that I will never forget his
expression as he looked at her and my stomach lurches. 

"How could I have been so blind?" I wail to the surrounding silence.  

It is as if a veil has been lifted from in front of my eyes. His
expression, full of love, it's always been there! I just fooled myself
into thinking it wasn't. 

"I am such an idiot!" I whisper to the forest spirits. 

All that time I hoped he would...he might.... 

Love me. 

Yet I am such a fool...such a fool! Because of my stupidity and useless
devotion Tenchi hadn't the heart to tell me that-- that--
	
My sobs seem to suddenly flare up with intensity, and the tears pour
down my face, blurring my vision as I realise my fate.

That he didn't love me...

Blindly I run, and as I feel the asphalt beneath my feet I find myself
wondering where I am. I seem to have wandered onto a road. Stopping, to
wipe the tears from my face. My tears cease for a moment and I curse
myself again. 

"Don't be so pitiful." I say aloud, angry "I...I'm so..." I whisper, and
with a scream I find the right word: "Pathetic!" I shout to the howling
wind. 

That conclusion is all I need to tip me over the edge, to again trigger
the onset of my ever-present tears. My body shaking with sobs, I realise
that I have to turn back, I can't stay here, Ryoko and Tenchi, they'll
worry, and I don't want them to. All I want is for Tenchi...for both of
them, to be happy. 

I notice I cannot see a thing, My tears, mixed with the surrounding
darkness obscure my sight. So much so that I do not notice the car until
it is too late. Twice in the same night time seems to slow, and for a
split second I am tranquil as I feel a sensation close to flying. As I
close my eyes and brace for the impact of the cold harsh ground, I see a
lovely vision of Tenchi before me...
 


AUTHORS NOTES: That was my very first Tenchi fan fiction, so PLEASE bear
with me. Sorry to leave you in the lurch like that, I really didn't
intend to torture you! Breathe easy because, yes, there is a second part
underway. It may take a (little) while-- I have to revamp and redo the
original ending because of creative paranoia. 

You may not think so from what just happened, but originally, this was
planned as a response to GenSao's challenge. No, really, it was. What's
going to happen next then?  Don't ask me! (And I wrote the thing!) Bear
in mind the more feedback I get from you guys, the quicker I'll write
the next part, so talk to me, people. 

Special thanks to my pushy brother, for reading the extremely long final
copy.

Uh, I don't know what else to say...anything you want to ask me? Email
me then. 

Comments? Constructive criticism? Abuse? Opinionated Ramblings? I
welcome them! (Bwahaha!) Send them to me, (Lesell Charis):
lesell_charis@yahoo.com