ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOUR HEART, PART TWO: "NO REGRETS"

BY LESELL CHARIS: (lesell_charis@yahoo.com)

DISCLAIMER: Don't sue me, I have no life and don't do this 
for money, yaddah yaddah. Anyway a reminder that all 
characters and concepts within are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer and that I am 'borrowing' them for my own 
little ficcy here. This story and ideas within, including
scenes, dialogue and descriptions are mine and are created
by me, that is to say I have copyright on them and this
fic, so don't plagiarise anything from it. If you want
to use the fic on your site or something, E-mail me and ask!

OK this fan fiction takes place directly after the events
of ABT: 1. It's located on my site: www.animeart.com/Lesell
and Gensao's archive: www.tmffa.com I recommend (no, 
implore) you to read the first part first or to refresh
your memory on it before attempting to read this one. 
I'll paste the last moment of the fic for your convenience.
Things to note; this is OAV continuity and can probably 
be placed after OAV 2. Secondly, I use a few Japanese words
that in my opinion are necessary. There is, a glossary 
at the end for your convenience. I think that's about it. 
Thanks! 



Previously, in: Always be True to Your Heart:
================

I notice I cannot see a thing, my tears, mixed with the
surrounding darkness obscure my sight. So much so that 
I do not notice the car until it is too late. Twice in 
the same night time seems to slow, and for a split second
I am tranquil as I feel a sensation close to flying. As I
close my eyes and brace for the impact of the cold harsh 
ground, I see a lovely vision of Tenchi before me . . .
=========
Now for part two . . .


"ABT2: No Regrets"
By Lesell Charis
--------------------


"Ayeka?"

"Yes?"

"I want to say something."

"What is it, Tenchi?"

"I'm very happy you came to Earth."

"Oh, Tenchi-sama, thank you."

"Aw... it's nothing Miss Ayeka. I mean it."

"Well, I am also happy I am on Earth."

"Really?"

"Of course, Earth is so beautiful..."

"But it must pale to what you're... well, used to Miss 
Ayeka. Compared to Jurai, Earth must be quite plain..."

"Jurai is very beautiful, yes. It is my home, after all."

"Miss Ayeka, do you miss Jurai?"

"Yes, of course. Jurai is where I was born; I do miss 
it-- somewhat terribly at times. I love it dearly, for 
my people and my family reside there. But if I had not 
come here I would not have met you Tenchi-sama... so 
although Jurai is my home, I also consider Earth my home. 
My family is here, too."

"Oh good. I'm glad. Because I wanted to tell you something..."

"Yes, Tenchi?"

"Just that, I'm happy you came to Earth. I'm happy you're 
here and I can talk to you again."

"Oh, Tenchi, you're making me blush..."
 
"I'm sorry. I... ah... don't mean to. It's just something I 
wish I'd said before you died, Ayeka. 

After you had the accident, when things went so badly, I
regretted not telling you... So I promised myself I'd tell
you, when you were all right. Since you're fine now, I want
to tell you. I'm happy I told you."

"I'm happy too. Thank you, Tenchi-sama."

"'Always be true to your heart, and your heart will be true 
to you.' I guess I haven't been listening to her advice, have 
I?"

"Perhaps not but you've tried your best. I'm sure wherever 
she is, she is proud of you."

"I hope so. I should have taken her advice though."

"Perhaps so, Lord Tenchi..."

"There is one more thing..."

"Yes?"

"Well... I'm... oh I've forgotten. Oh, that's right. I'm 
happy you came to Earth, Ayeka... "

"Oh Tenchi, thank you, but you've said that already!"

"I-I have?"

"Yes! Just ask the person taking notes!"

"P-person taking...?"

"Yes, they're in the corner over there!"

"Oh."

"See look, you said it a few lines ago."

"Oh. Yes you're right. I am sorry Miss Ayeka."

"That's fine."

"But there's something I haven't said!"

"Yes?"

"I... can't... actually remember what that was, though..."

"Please-- talk louder Tenchi-sama, the microphone is not 
picking you up."

"Oh. Sorry, Miss Ayeka."

"No, louder than that. And keep talking... the Jury is waiting."

"Eh? J-Jury?! When did they get here?"

"They've been here from the beginning."

"Oh! Of course. Um, Ayeka, why are they glaring at me like 
that? Are they waiting for me to say something?"

"We all are."

"Oh."

"We're all waiting."

"But... Ayeka, who is that? What's going on?"

"That's the bailiff."

"What's he doing with that book?"

"He's asking you to swear on the Bible that you'll tell the truth."

"But I'm not even Christian! Ayeka-where are we!?"

"At your trial."

"Oh. Of course, it was today. I forgot."

"I know. Silly Tenchi-chan, where would you be without me?"

"... That's just--"

"Speak up young man! They cannot hear you in the back!"

"Sorry... Err-- who are you?"

"I'm the Judge of your case. There is naught to judge however-
I can tell from your pathetic form that you are guilty!" 

"I know. I am. It's all my fault... Mr, um... ah... I mean-
your Honour!"

"Humph! Well, get on with it young man!"

"Well... I just want to say... Ayeka, I-

Ayeka? Your honour? Where has she gone-- what have you done 
with Ayeka!?"

"TENCHI! SAVE ME!"

"You-- you leave Ayeka alone! Don't touch her! Your 
Honour, where are those guards taking her!?"

"On the count of complete idiocy I find the Defendant, 
Tenchi Masaki guilty! I hereby sentence you to life: 
WITHOUT AYEKA JURAI!"

"NO! Your honour! You Can't!"

"Tenchi! It's too late now. Save yourself... be happy... 
be happy with Ryoko!"

"No! Not now! You don't understand Ayeka!"

"Tenchi... goodbye... forever, goodbye!"

"AYEKA!"

---------
The indignant yell echoes through Washu's laboratory with 
such intensity that I scare myself. 

A dream.

It was a dream. 

Ayeka is not alive and well. Ayeka is here, next to me, as 
I sit beside her, and she lies comatose and unmoving in the 
bed Washu has in her lab. Tubes worm their way over her body.
Out of her wrist, her nose, and her mouth. Air filled ones;
liquid filled ones, blood red ones contrasting unnaturally 
with her oh-so-pale skin. 

I close my eyes, as the pain of the past 24 hours comes back
to haunt me. The forest, the wind blowing, a scream, a 
screech and then-- a wail. Like a banshee. I remember the 
noise-- I'll never forget the wail of last night. Stumbling
through the forest to a roadside, I remember the darkness. 
I remember the wind. I remember seeing Ryoko's pale face, 
her golden eyes flashing, and in her arms, a comatose Ayeka. 

And the wail was mine.

I barely had time to think, before Ryoko teleported Ayeka and 
me back to the house, where a worried Sasami waited outside. 
And what she saw...

I wish I could have shielded Sasami from that. I wish I 
could have shielded Ayeka. 

I wish I thought before I acted. I'm just...

I'm not good with women.

You've got to understand; I've only ever had one woman in 
my life- and even she died when I was little. 

I'm not pretending all this isn't my fault. Being clueless 
is no excuse for what I've done; I know. But the whole of 
my childhood was filled with a somewhat sadistic grandfather,
and a heartbroken and somewhat perverted father. The only 
woman I loved was taken away from me before I barely had 
the chance to know her. It isn't the most normal of circumstances
to grow up in; and because of it...well...

I'm... not good... with women. 

If that isn't the understatement of the century.

Washu took charge, took control, while I sat dumbly, 
paralysed with worry as she tended to Ayeka. She looked 
like a rag doll; limp, like the life had been shaken out 
of her by some over eager dog playing with his favourite 
toy. And the blood... 

This is all my fault. 

I hate to sleep. Since yesterday, I walk around in some kind 
of fitful depression. I fell asleep by accident last night, 
and I dreamed of Ayeka again. This time Ryoko and I were in 
a boat, and I was rowing. Ryoko had a parasol and she smiled 
at me. I told her I loved her, and a hand emerged from 
the water, holding a royal teardrop flower. I plucked it, 
and told the dream Ryoko "I do really love you. Please 
remember that, no matter what happens." But as I handed 
the flower to her in what I thought was a gesture of love-
it was not Ryoko's face staring at me. It was Ayeka's face -
wide-eyed panic stricken and teary. My mouth moved but no 
words came out. Ayeka's eyes filled with tears; a mirror of 
the way she locked eyes with me last night, before she bolted
down the corridor. Suddenly, the hand in the water, the one 
that had held the flower, grabbed my outstretched wrist and
began to pull. I felt as if I was being pulled under, but 
instead the hand was pulling itself out of the water. It was
Ryoko-- clad in summer dress, beaming, saying: "I love you 
too, Tenchi." Grabbing my arm, ignoring Ayeka. But my eyes 
were glued on that shocked face, the face full of hurt. The 
face of a broken heart. Tears streaming down Ayeka's face, 
she snatched the flower, hurled herself into the water, and
drowned herself. 

I screamed her name that time too.

This is why I don't like to sleep. Life is like a waking
nightmare; I don't need to have one while I sleep as well,
dreaming of her-- re-living the past events in other torturous
ways; with morbid sickening twists, other sadistic ways my mind
thinks up to torture me by inventing other ways to take Ayeka away. 
Seeing Ayeka being snatched away from me over and over
again in a never ending incubus. Other dreams are when she's 
not hurt, the dreams are beautiful because she's all right, and
those dreams are worst of all. Because I'm so delighted and
happy she is alive, than when I wake up and realise she's not,
the pain begins all over again, and the crushing hand of reality
envelops my heart and squeezes it sadistically once more. That
hurts the most. Being fooled to think you have something and
then realising it was all an illusion...

So I try not to sleep at all. I think that if I do, I'll
probably go crazy. But, It so happens that sometimes I can't
stay awake try as I might and the past twenty-four hours wore 
me down so much, that when I went to visit Ayeka I fell asleep
in the chair I was at-- my head resting on the bed near her...

I hardly remember tonight's dream, save for Ayeka being in 
it, and me believing her alive and well. I try to concentrate 
on the other parts, but I'm too restless to do so; I shake 
my head and clear my mind. Pieces of it, like some bizarre
rubix-cube of life begin to fit together. I recall it being 
dark and safe, and I was talking to Ayeka, and then a courtroom
appeared, and a jury and a judge and a bailiff, and they took
her away, and they all looked at me, like I was on trial; they
all were waiting for me to say something. 

"We're all waiting," she had said.

And then she disappeared and I had seen two guards are taking
her, another two restraining me. Struggle as I might-I
couldn't get away to run to her. I yelled, as the courtroom
doors swung-- and she breezed through them away from me. 

Forever.

I caress her pale hand and rise. When I think about her, I cry.
I just don't want to think about anything anymore. 

"I wish I had no feelings..." I blurt aloud, to what I think 
is the empty laboratory; where only I am, with Ayeka beneath 
me and the hisses and beeps of the machinery keeping her 
alive. But I am not alone. 

"That's not the first time I've heard that one..."

I turn in the direction I hear the unwavering voice. "R-Ryoko?"

She's standing in the shadows, her face gaunt, and pale. 
She doesn't look well, but she puts on a brave smile and 
steps forward somewhat.

"How is she?" she asks, stepping next to the bed and resting 
her hand on Ayeka's arm, tenderly. 

"I'm... not sure. She looks the same but I'd have to wait 
for Washu to have a look..." I lie. She doesn't look the 
same. She looks worse. I don't want to say that aloud, for 
fear that the moment I confirm my suspicion in spoken word-
it will come true. 

So I change the subject. "You said... it wasn't the first 
time?  You've heard someone say that?"

Her expression changes for a split second and I see deep 
pain strike her features before it's gone, and she looks into 
my eyes again. "Yeah," she finally says. "You."

I wasn't expecting that to be her answer, and I'm somewhat 
taken aback.

"You've said it before..." she continues, her gaze resting 
on Ayeka again and I get the feeling she doesn't want to 
talk about this.

I'm not really sure *I* want to talk about this.

In fact, we haven't talked for twenty-four hours. Anything 
that ever happened before the accident seems taboo; we 
never speak of that day. It's an unspoken agreement between 
us not to talk about it. Thinking about the events of 
yesterday only serves to torture me, and I think, her. 

So we don't mention it; or hardly talk to each other for 
that matter. It's as if everything before the accident 
has ceased to exist. And talking more than necessary to 
anyone is difficult... 

But at the same time I want to know. "When?" I say, 
cautiously.

She looks away, sadly. Her voice soft and low, she speaks. 
"I used to watch you." She says, her mouth barely moving.

"Watch me?"

"When I was trapped in the cave, I was lonely. And when 
I was lonely, I would watch for you. Some days you'd come, 
and some you wouldn't. Once, I saw you and your mother stop 
near the cave; she held you and you wriggled," Ryoko smiles 
somewhat at this, "You were trying to get away, but she told 
you to sit properly, and you said you didn't want to sit
properly, you wanted to run around on the grass by the rocks..."
She pauses for a moment and looks at me. "When you said so, 
she smiled and let you go. She said that you were right, 
and that you should always follow your heart..." 

My eyes fill with tears. "and don't be scared..."

"Yes... you remember that?"

"Kind of," I say, my voice cracking. The last thing I need 
is memories of mama, when another person I love is slowly 
dying. "I didn't remember what she had said... but someone...
reminded me, recently."

Ryoko nods, "it wasn't long after that she... died, Tenchi..."

I nod, numbly. Old wounds begin to tear and ooze, and I 
feel myself unsteady on my feet with grief. I don't want 
to think about this, now. I don't want this brought up now. 
But I lack the strength to stop her, and so Ryoko continues.

"And when she did die, you ran to the cave and you cried and 
you cried..." She swallows, and I can tell she feels a bit
emotional at the memory, herself. I nod again, trying to 
steel myself against crying. "And you said, 'I wish I didn't
have any feelings!' and you pounded your fist on a rock while
you cried it out, louder and louder..." she continues, her voice
trailing off into the silence of the laboratory.

"Then I was right!" I say, somewhat angry. "If we didn't 
have feelings we wouldn't feel sadness or loss or worry, 
I wouldn't feel this right now... it wouldn't hurt... so... 
much when Mother died... it wouldn't hurt now as... as Ayeka..." 

I cry.

The tears flow abruptly, as the memory of my mother and
hopelessness of the situation arises.

Ryoko looks at me, at first, but then comes over and holds 
me. "I'm...sorry." I choke out, embarrassed somewhat.

"It's alright." She says, supporting me. She pulls back and
looks at me. "When your mother died, Tenchi... I wanted nothing
more than to hold you and comfort you..." her eyes fill with
tears, now, although how I can tell isn't by sight-- my own eyes
are too blurry for that-- but through her voice, wavering
slightly. "I wasn't able to comfort you then. I'm happy I can
now..."

"If I didn't feel sad, I wouldn't need comforting..." I say,
stubbornly.

"Don't say that, Tenchi..."

"WHY!?" I retort, sorrow turning to resentment.

She pauses, "I don't know." She says, as she looks away. "But,
I think pain is the thing that makes us alive..." she begins.
"If we were happy all the time, how could we tell the
difference, without being sad, sometimes...?" she trails off,
softly.

Yet because of my feelings, I am slowly dying inside.

While Ayeka is slowly dying beneath my trembling hand.

In my dream... Ayeka was alive...

Oh Kami-sama. For a few beautiful moments, everything was 
all right.


And then...

I stumble out of the lab, leaving Ryoko alone and bewildered.
I'm stumbling because I can't clearly make my way outside with
the tears obscuring my vision. I wipe them in haste and try to
push everything out of my mind. I have to get away from this.
The sick dread in my heart; the pain. I want to shout to the
heavens, punch something, cry, scream, carry on-- do something-
anything. But none of that would bring Ayeka back. So, Instead I
suppress the urge and make it into the dimly lit corridor. What
time is it? My eyes squint at the bright light, a contrast to
the darkened hues within Washu's lab. I check my watch; 3am. I
realise the light is the same moon from a few nights ago when
Ayeka and I...

No. I don't want to think of her. It hurts too much... like
thinking of mother; it hurts too much to bear. 

A faint shuffle from the kitchen startles me and I turn 
the corner to look. Sasami is sitting at the table; small cup 
in hand. She doesn't see me, preferring to stare blankly 
ahead, shrouded in her own thoughts.

"Sasami?"

"Oh, Tenchi." She smiles at me, but her eyes betray melancholy.

"Can't sleep." I blurt. It is both a question and a statement.

In a barely-audible whisper, she sighs; "No. Me either." 
Her eyes mist over. I'm afraid she is going to cry. 

"I was with Ayeka." I say, stupidly.

"I know." She says. "I heard you scream."

"Oh." I say

"It's the second time."

"Oh."

"Do you want some tea?" She asks me, looking at me.

"Sure." I see her face is gaunt, her eyes red rimmed, and I 
wish I could spare poor Sasami from the hurt she is feeling. 
But I'm afraid I'm too shaken up to comfort her. And it's
because of me she's feeling like this.

"It's the Ocha I went to get at the small mom and pop store just
through the woods." She says, pouring me some tea and rotating
the cup slightly so as to mix the tea leaves. Handing the cup 
to me, she continues: "The couple are always so glad to see 
us, they always give me treats..."

"What kind of treats?" I say, absent-mindedly, cradling my cup.

"Oh," she smiles at the memory. "They gave me pocky sticks 
last time..." she grins. "They were so yummy Tenchi, 
they're like bread sticks with chocolate on them. They gave 
Ayeka some..." Her voice falters. She sighs.

I suck in a breath. "When Ayeka is better, you'll go again, 
and they'll give you and Ayeka more pocky. Except be sure to 
get some for me, too." I say, and smile as normally as I 
can.

"Really? Tenchi?"

"Of course..." I lie.

Sasami smiles at me, yet the smile is bittersweet, like the 
tea leaves floating in my cup. 

A click behind me makes me turn towards the silent hall, and 
a figure emerges from Washu's lab. Expecting to see Ryoko I 
am surprised that it is Washu.

"Sasami," she begins, already walking over to us. Her face,
sombre-- her gaze steely, she stands at the foot of the table.
"Sasami... I think it's time..."

To myself, I wonder what she means, but Sasami, understanding,
gets up. Her eyes are tear rimmed. "Washu... are you sure? 
Can't she, recover...?" Sasami looks away.

Washu sighs. "I wish there was another way. But you have to, 
for Ayeka."

Sasami nods quietly, and follows Washu into her lab.

At the door, Washu turns to me, her gaze soft. "Tenchi, you
too..." 

I rise, and Washu walks into to her lab, opening the door with a
soft click. 

I find it unbearably dark inside, used to the illumination of
the full moon in the corridor outside. It takes a while to
adjust, and when I do I can see Sasami standing sombrely at 
the foot of Ayeka's bed, Ryoko, Washu, Grandfather and 
myself, near her. 

The beeps and hisses of Ayeka's life preserving machines seem
dim and far away as I watch. A bright light seems to gather
around Sasami, and as she closes her eyes, the sigils on her
forehead shine. Suddenly a bright blue, almost white light fills
the room and I'm blinded again. I put my hand over my eyes 
to filter the light and through the bright illumination I 
can see her. 

Tsunami's astral body is above Sasami's, hovering as if
uncertain. Recognition fires up in my being. I close my eyes 
and in a flash it returns.

Part of me had known I was about to die; and when I did, 
there was nothing. And then, I remember Tsunami, shining 
and powerful like this very day, she came and... put her head 
to mine, and I could breathe. She smiled and I could feel. I 
was alive. 

Tsunami... she would... she would heal Ayeka like she healed 
me, she can save Ayeka. She will save her and make it all right
again. My hope rises like a cresting wave, I watch, my heart 
not daring to beat.

Sasami's eyes are closed; she looks as if she is there, but 
far away at the same time. Tsunami's power radiates cerulean
brilliance around the room, the metal objects in Washu's lab
reflecting the light, causing a permanent dazzle to shimmer. 
For a moment, all is quiet and still, and then I see Tsunami's
astral body move forward, over Ayeka. Slowly, she cups Ayeka's
still pale face, she reaches her forehead up to meet Ayeka's,
and the sigils on her forehead flare. The light intensifies 
as Ayeka's forehead also illuminates in response to Tsunami's
presence. Now I can barely see what happening, but I can assume
that it's part of Tsunami's power, and that Tsunami is healing
Ayeka. Sasami's face, which a moment ago was tensed with
concentration, relaxes. Her features smooth out, as the
illumination intensifies. Tsunami's reflection closes her eyes,
as she hovers over Ayeka. My heart is barely beating in
anxiousness, and rapidly the room fills with an eye-blinding
glow, so bright, we all cover her eyes, unable to see anything,
a shattering noise rings throughout the room.

Sasami screams, and her eyes shoot open.

Tsunami's presence vanishes abruptly-- the beautiful radiance
seemingly sucked back into Sasami's body. Sasami wilts, like a
delicate dying flower, her hands over her face.

"Sasami!" I cry concerned, kneeling beside her.

"Tenchi..." she removes her hands and her face is tear 
streaked. "Oh, Tenchi..." She chokes out.

At once, Washu is next to us, her arms on Sasami's 
shoulders. "Sasami..." Her voice is commanding but soft. 
"What happened?"

Sasami's tears run down her face. "It didn't work..." she 
says miserably, wiping the tears with the palm of her hand. 
She looks down, her voice grave. "Tsunami's power didn't work."
She says, her voice trembling. "...A-Ayeka's going to die."

"NO!" The cresting wave of hope crashes with such intensity 
and recedes, taking all hope with it. "She *can't* die!!" 
I shout. 

"Tenchi..." Ryoko is next to me, her hand on my shoulder. 

No one speaks for a moment, and all that can be heard are 
the small sobs of Sasami's pale form. Gently, Washu ushers
Sasami out of the lab, telling us it's best to get some sleep.
Grandfather nods and follows her; leaving Ryoko, Ayeka, and I.

She looks around the room a bit, her glance falling on Ayeka 
and back to me. I become acutely aware of the noises reverberating 
through the lab; hisses and beeps of the oxygen and heart monitor, 
each 'fssh' and 'beep' seemingly getting louder as it continues,
echoing through my mind.

"Oh Tenchi", Ryoko sighs, and goes to hug me close, but I pull
away. I can't be with her right now. I have to go; the beep of
the machinery maddening me, I can't stand the noise. "I'm
sorry," I croak, my throat hoarse, and I go for the door.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko calls, but she makes no move to follow.

I hope she forgives me from running away from her, from being so
cold, as I open the door and step into the corridor. Continuing
to the doorway, I step outside, and pause on the engawa. This is
where I sat with Ayeka for the very last time alone, before 
she--

I don't finish the thought, and run on and as I run I feel 
the moon on me like a spotlight, following me on my flight. 
It's no longer full; I can't tell if it's waxing or waning, 
but it's large enough to illuminate the Earth in it's 
splendour. I pass the lake, not knowing where I'm going, or 
why I'm running. All I can see is the darkness, all I can 
feel are the tears building. And unexpectedly, I stop, in 
front of a gentle rock slope, and a dark mysterious cave. 
My breaths come quickly, and tired, I slump onto the rock. 
The moonlight glistens over the area, and I  gaze upwards to 
the sky. The full moon will never hold the same beauty for me. 

Never again. Not after tonight.  

"The moon sure is beautiful, tonight..." I whisper, sadly, 
an echo of an old conversation in my head.

And again, I cry, over the rock, near the cave, like that 
day years ago.

Except this time, I don't wish that I had no feelings. 
I don't know how long I cry, I don't know if it's longer or 

"Tenchi?" A sudden voice startles me from my pain. 
Grandfather calls me. I turn in the direction I hear the 
call and see nothing.

"Heads up!" Behind me. 

-THUNK-

"Ow! Geez! Grandfather!" I spin, indignant. His eyes 
are gleaming. He has a slight grin. Outstretched bokken 
in hand, he's in the same position he hit me with.

"Your training is getting lax." He comments matter-of-factly.

"T-training?" I'm too confused to be angry at him. 
"I can't think about training now, Grandfather! Not when 
Ayeka is... is..." I wipe the fresh tears from my face,
bewildered.

His pose relaxes and he stands stiffly. "Is what?" He says 
it, like a barked command.

I feel the anger mount. "She's lying in bed-- comatose!"
I shout, the anger releasing.

"Comatose?" He cocks his head slightly in a gesture of 
non-comprehension.

I don't usually make outbursts like this, especially not 
to Grandfather, but Ayeka is dying and he-- he acts as if 
it's just another day. I swallow my indignation and manage 
to spit out: "Yes! Comatose. Sick. Dying! Lying in bed 
with tubes in her arms, injured because of me, dying because 
of me-- comatose because I-- I-- She's going to-- because-- I" 
I falter. Again the tears want to wet my already-damp cheeks 
but I stifle the impulse to cry again.

"Comatose." He comments, ignoring my outburst. He pauses as 
if reflecting, "comatose...and dying?" 

"Yes." I choke out; more depressed than angry now I've let 
it out.

"Yes. But does that mean she's dead?" He says, his 
bifocals glinting, his eyes peering into mine.

"No."

"No?"

"NO she's... not dead," I whisper, lowering my head. I lose 
the battle of wills against my own tears and they drip down 
my cheeks and I see one splash on my shirt.

"Comatose is alive?"

"Yes but she's as good as--!"  I'm sure he knows what 
comatose means; I don't understand what kind of senility
possesses him to ask me such inane questions. "She can't 
react or move or speak or talk or-- or--" I trail off.

"But--" he interjects, "she's not dead, is she?" 

I don't answer.

"Ayeka can't move, she lies still and pale-- but she's 
not dead?"

I still don't answer. I want to just walk away. This 
is pointless. This is just hurting me. Damn you old man.

"She's NOT dead?" He repeats the question, more forcefully now.

"No... She isn't dead." I finally whisper, looking away, 
wanting this slow verbal torture to be over.

"Then, Tenchi, don't treat her as if she is."

I reel, dumbfounded, "I don--" but he is gone. Already 
walking away from me, same airy demeanour as if nothing 
is amiss. He turns to me; I see the moonlight reflect on 
his eyeglasses again.

I open my mouth to retort but he, as usual wants to have 
the last word: 

"No Regrets, Tenchi." Walking away he leaves me in the 
clearing; puzzled and confused.

I crumple. 

Is he right? Do I do that? Am I treating Ayeka like the 
only word missing from the sentence; "She isn't dead," is 
"yet"? I shake my head. 

But Tsunami failed... and...

         ...It's only a matter of time until... 

                        ...That is to say, Washu thinks
                                   that she's not going to...  

                                          Just like... 

                                          ...Just like 
                                              Mother, she's 
                                                    going to...


"Die..." I realise I've spoken aloud. 

I sit on the rocks, baffled, my breaths slow and painful, 
I wonder about the conversation.

'No regrets, Tenchi.'

Grandfather's words echo in my head... where have I heard 
that before? What does he mean, 'no regrets?' ... what would I regret? 

"Yeah right, Grandpa... no regrets..." I mutter, and as I do, 
a faint stirring of realisation flares within me. "No regrets..."
I repeat, slowly. I remember now; I remember why, and I know what 
they mean, what it all means.

I bolt upright. 

"No regrets!" With one last look at the cave, I begin to run.
 A sense of anxiousness permeates my bones. As I see the 
house loom closer, my strides become more urgent, my 
lungs burning with effort, and my chest constricting 
painfully. 

"No Regrets" I seethe, to push myself to go faster, and faster. 

Huffing I reach the door of the house, my heart palpitating 
not only with the exertion of running, but with a sense 
of apprehension, of worry surrounding it. 

"I have to see Ayeka..." I whisper, and that thought takes 
over my mind until I can think of nothing else, and as I 
breeze through the house, past the entry, through the kitchen 
to the laboratory door, I freeze.

I see Ryoko slumped over in the corridor, sitting on the 
ground, sobbing, crying, holding herself, hysterical.

I halt, my eyes opening wide, I shake my head. "Oh... 
No..."

I hear Washu sigh, and she emerges from the open laboratory
clicking the door shut.

"No..." I say.

"Tenchi..." Washu says, glancing at Ryoko with a worried
expression.

I look upon the scene, dread seizing my heart. "W-what's
happened... Washu...? Tell me..." I swallow uneasily. 

Washu kneels to comfort Ryoko, who unusually, doesn't pull 
away.  Washu turns towards me, cradling the upset Ryoko in 
her arms. She opens her mouth to speak but what I hear is 
not her voice; it's Ryoko's.

"Ayeka's... dead." She spits out. Pulling from Washu's 
embrace she turns at me, tears streaming down her face. 

"Dead?" My heart contracts; I can't feel anything anymore. 
Ryoko is saying something else, screaming something at me but 
I can't hear her. Everything is moving in slow motion, I 
can't feel the ground beneath my feet.

"TENCHI!" Ryoko grabs the shoulders of my slumping form. 
I can barely hear her; she's screaming at me but it's like 
I'm watching a television scene with the sound muted. I 
see Washu looking worriedly on, as Ryoko yells at me, but 
I can't hear anything. I can't feel anything. I feel numb. 
The sound of her name brings me back to the moment again.

"__ _____ Ayeka!" Ryoko screams at me, hysterical. "Do you 
hear me Tenchi!?" She's shaking my shoulders. I can see it 
in her, wild-eyed and hysterical.

"Wha... What?" I say, not catching the beginning of her 
shout.

"Ayeka's dead, Tenchi!"

I nod dumbly. 

"and *I* killed her!" 




=================

****End of Part 2*****
=================
=================


Stay Tuned for Part 3...

^_^


AUTHORS NOTES:

I'm sorry--I'm a sadist, aren't I? Firstly to the characters;
and secondly to my readers, because YES I have just done 
it again-- I have left you with another cliffhanger!! ^_^
No... put the pitch forks and burning brands away!) 

The story demands me end it here, sorry guys. I 
hadn't originally planned part 3, but you know sometimes 
the best laid plans tend to spiral out of control. It's 
been 3 years since I started part 2, and wrote part 1-
the first in very very many drafts of what ABT2-- was 
going to be. After countless revisions, do-overs, 
scrapping entire fics, and starting over-- This is the 
end product, I hope you've all liked it!

See you in ABT:3!



SPECIAL THANKS:

First and most importantly I want to thank Firebird for 
being one of my closest and most trusted friends ever, and 
of course, the best proofreader I have ever had. If I had 
a muse, Firebird would be it, and I thank her deeply for all 
the help advice and encouragement she gave me. I couldn't 
write this without you Birdie, thank you for your belief in 
me, as well as all the pestering questions you answered and 
the brainstorming you did with me. <3 Birdie!

Second I thank Happosai my little hentai for being my 
moral support and encouragement when it has been so hard 
to get though things day by day, let alone write a fic 
you're starting to hate because you've had a writers 
block bigger than Europe. I only hope I can encourage 
him to finish his fic as well. I also thank him for 
proofing or 'nitpicking' as he calls it, and his 
comments on ABT2. <3 Happi!

And thirdly I want to thank all the people who took the 
time to write to me and tell me they loved my fic-
I hope, this pleases you and that I'll keep getting 
the suggestions and praise and feedback in the mail. 
Thank you, you guys are what have made this all worthwhile,
 and I cherish every letter. ^_^

As always, praise and comments and suggestions, as well 
as constructive criticism, and praise (woohoo!). As for 
flames? Flames? Flames are what I use to light my house! 
Bwa ha ha! You can flame me if you really want and if you 
have a pea-sized brain. Yep that's the way it works.

Lesell_Charis@yahoo.com 


ABT Glossary:

Bokken - 'Wooden Sword'

Usually a training sword, a Bokken is a Katana 
(samurai sword) shaped wooden stick that's wielded by 
Tenchi's Grandfather, Yosho. He likes to hit Tenchi 
with it or use it to launch an attack. 


Engawa - 'Veranda'

An Engawa is broad wooden veranda that extends around 
the perimeter of a traditional Japanese house, it's a 
low step, with no railing. People often sit on the 
Engawa. The Tenchi house has one, as does the Tendo family
Dojo in Ranma 1/2. 


Kami - Deity/God/Spirit.

It's generally translated as 'God' but is more like 
'Superior and Mysterious Force'-Tenchi isn't Christian
 as he says, and so I thought it odd for him to say 
'My God'sometimes and thus used; 'Kami-sama'instead

-sama  

An honorific which is likened to mean 'Oh honourable one'. 
In the Japanese TM, Yumi Takada (Ayeka) calls Tenchi, 
Tenchi-sama,  which indicates that she respects him very 
much, and deems him very important. In the English 
translation they use "Lord Tenchi"; in my fic, I use 
both, depending on which voice I heard in my head, Yumi 
Takada's or Jennifer Darlings'-I tend to usually associate 
Ayeka as both voices into one.

-chan

An honorific which generally means; 'cute' or 'little'.
It's a term of affection tagged onto the end of a name 
of the person you like a lot, or love. Girlfriends 
sometimes call each other chan, and couple might call each 
other by chan. 

Ocha - 'Tea'

Sometimes called 'Cha' it's generally more often called 
Ocha, and means 'Tea'. Tea is a big drink in Japan, and 
Green Tea is probably the most popular type.


