Tenchi in America, Chapter 1: A Strange New City.
Written by: Lalandra Farrenwel
Disclaimer: I, Lalandra Farrenwel, do not own most of the characters within 
this fanatic fiction.
The characters Tenchi, Ryoko, Ryo-ohki, Sasami, Aeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Yosho 
and just about everyone
else are owned by Pioneer. Several characters found in Houston will be real; 
others are figments of my
deranged imagination. I hope you don't sue me, I don't have a job and the 
only way I could pay it back is
by twenty years of slave labor. BTW this fanfic is my first try at any sort 
of Internet writing. If you find it
necessary please MST the hell out of it and send me a copy. Thanks.

	'Ok, wait a second,' a thought came to Tenchi as he walked closer and 
closer to the house after
coming home from the carrot fields. 'Nothing has happened in two days, no 
fights, no explosions, and no
angry women. It's about time for something to happen. Well I guess I won't 
find out if something is wrong
until I get there.'

	The second he opened the door Tenchi knew he was right. Suitcases were 
everywhere, some open
and half full; others closed and seemed ready to burst. Then a gleeful 
Sasami ran up to him and pulled his
arm speaking a mile a minute.

	"Tenchi, Tenchi! You better go get your things packed 'cause we're going to 
America!"

	"America!" a startled Tenchi cried. "What are you talking about?!"

	Sasami slowed down only a bit. "Well earlier today we were all watching the 
TV and some news
report came on and the reporter said something about a man in Houston made 
some scientific breakthrough.
Then Washu just jumped up and said 'Why didn't I think of that?' and said 
something about having to go
there and talk to him. And then everybody said that they wanted to go so we 
are all going to America!"

	"B... b... but we can't afford to go to America!"

"No silly, we are going to take Washu's interdimensional portal and stay in 
a hotel for a few days."

	"I... I... I don't know. I mean I have a lot of work to do and I... I don't 
even speak English."

	"That's no problem! I made these translator devices that fit in your ear 
and wear as a necklace!"
Washu exclaims walking into the living room from the kitchen.

	"I'm sorry Little Washu, but I really don't know," Tenchi said in a meek 
voice.

	Suddenly Tenchi felt a pressure against his back and shoulders as Ryoko 
materialized behind him.
"Ahh come on Tenchi, I heard that Americans really know how to party. And 
you know those hotel beds
can be REALLY comfy."

	"NOW that is QUITE enough Miss Ryoko! You really should be ashamed of 
yourself to think that Lord
Tenchi would want to stay the night in the SAME room with a harlot like 
YOU!" screamed Aeka as she
stormed down the steps into the hallway. "Tenchi would much rather stay in a 
room with a CIVILIZED
person than some genetic MONSTER!"

	"Now stop it you two!" Mihoshi cried from behind an open suitcase. "I just 
had my clothes
cleaned and a fight between you would just ruin them!"

	"Genetic monster am I? I'll show you what a monster can DO." Replied Ryoko, 
ignoring the cries of
the Galaxy Police officer.

	'Here we go again' thought an exasperated Tenchi. Stepping between the two 
would-be combatants,
he placed each hand on each of their shoulders. "IF I go to America I would 
sleep in my own room with the
doors locked."

"Does that mean you'll go, Tenchi?" pleaded Sasami.

	"I still don't know..."

	"Tenchi!" said Yosho, who had been standing behind Tenchi.

	Tenchi jumped, startled because he hadn't known that his grandfather was in 
the house.

	"Yes Grandfather!?"

	"I want you to go to America, it will be an educational experience. And it 
will make you a better
guardian of the shrine if you know how to deal with Americans."

	"Yes, Grandpa" sighed a defeated Tenchi.

	"Good. Now go get your thing together before the girls leave without you."

	"Oh we would never leave without Tenchi," purred Ryoko.


	As the group gathered together in the living room, Tenchi noticed something 
was wrong.
"Grandpa, Dad, where is you luggage? And Mihoshi, where is Kiyone?"

	"Oh that's right! Kiyone had to report back to Headquarters for a briefing 
for a special assignment."

	"And you, Grandpa?" Tenchi pleaded.

	"Well Tenchi, your father and I decided it would be best if we stay here. 
To protect the shrine,
of course." Yosho replied a little too quickly. "And besides Tenchi, we 
trust your ability to make decisions."

	"Ok, is everybody ready? The interdimensional portal will be opening in 
3,2,1!" exclaimed Washu.

	Just a second after Washu finished her countdown, the star-shaped, red 
interdimensional portal
opened. The little genus quickly grabbed her belongings and walked into the 
portal. Hurriedly the others
did the same. On the other side of the portal the group stared in awe at 
their surroundings. Skyscrapers
filled the evening sky, adding an eerie glow to the sidewalk.

	"Here we are! This is the hotel we will be staying at!" stated an extremely 
happy mad scientist.

	"Are you sure this a hotel Miss Washu? It looks like an office building to 
me. It must be too large
to be a hotel."

	"Of course I'm sure it's a hotel, Aeka. This is the address given to me 
over the phone."

	"If you say so, Miss Washu."

	"Now that we are all agreed that this is the hotel, lets go inside!" stated 
an irritated Ryoko.

	"I agree," admitted Mihoshi. "It's getting dark and it looks like it will 
rain."

	The party gathered their things and stepped inside. They were greeted by a 
rather short man once
inside. He was mostly pleasant looking but his never met any of theirs, they 
seemed to have kept wandering
about a foot below eye level.  "Can I help you?" he questioned rather 
informally.

	A rather annoyed Tenchi replied, "Yes, Masaki, party of six. We would like 
to be shown our
rooms please."

	"If you will follow me please to the reception desk, they will be right 
with you. Oh, yes. You can
leave your bags here for the second." The irritated group followed the man 
to the desk that he had pointed
out for them.


	When they arrived at the desk the lady sitting behind it was busily talking 
on the phone with
someone, and it seemed to Tenchi that the matters were quite personal in 
nature. After several minutes of
conversation the light haired middle-aged woman hung up the phone and asked 
a very red-faced Tenchi,
"How can I be of service?"

	"Umm... umm... oh yes! Masaki party of six, we would like to be shown to 
our rooms, please?"

	"Hold on one second while I check the registration." Replied the 
unconcerned receptionist. After a
second of asking how to spell Tenchi's last name the receptionist stated, 
"Oh, umm there seems to be a
problem. There seems to have been a computer glitch, two out of the three 
rooms reserved for you are
under renovation, and there are not any extra rooms available for you. If 
you would like I could call
another hotel and ask if they have any extra rooms?"

	"I guess that will have to do," answered a tired Tenchi.

	"If you would please have a seat over there I will call a bellhop to tell 
you when I have
found a hotel for you."

	After ten minutes of waiting a bellhop called the group to the reception 
desk. "I'm very sorry to
keep you waiting but there don't seem to be any rooms left in the city. Now 
I've talked to my manager and
he said that if you were willing you could stay in the same room with the 
cost of the extra rooms refunded
at full cost. Will that be satisfactory?"

	"I guess that will have to do..."

And thus ends chapter 1. Hopefully with reader support I will continue onto 
chapter 2.

Special Thanks to my pre-readers: Dreoth, Laocourn Gauddemus, Zervon, Apoca, 
and everyone
else that read it and gave me input!

