============================================================================
Tenchi Muyo: Tenchi goes to America
By Chris Carlson
Email Address: eric.e.carlson@worldnet.att.net
============================================================================
Again hail to all Tenchi fans! This is my second installment of my 
Tenchi fanfics. This story will take place after my previous story 
Tenchi Muyo: Empathic Odyssey where you were introduced to Darrian 
Brell, an empath that came to Kiyone and told her that she was an empath 
also. He trained her in the arts of telekinesis and telepathy and turned 
her into a very powerful character. Her powers now rival those of 
Ryoko's and Ayeka's. Darrian now lives with the gang. If you want to 
down load Empathic Odyssey go to GenSao's Tenchi Muyo page: 
(members.aol.com/GenSao/index.html) I highly recommend this page. 
Although graphic intensive, it has lots of information on the Tenchi 
universe. 
        
About the story: I am going to do what no one else has dared to do in a 
OVA, series episode or fanfic. Send Tenchi and the gang to America! 
Darrian was so thankful for Tenchi letting him stay at his house he 
decides to invite them to a house he owns up in Northern California. 
However they get a visit by Mitsuki who got kicked out of the GP after 
she attempted to kill Kiyone during the Jurai coup d'état. She is now 
quite pissed and wants to pay Kiyone back. She also got some other 
friends of her's that are also not very fond of Kiyone to help her. But 
with Kiyone's new powers they are in for quite a suprise.

Legal Crap: All places, characters and cabbits are copyright to Pioneer 
Entertainment. However Darrian Brell and Mitzuki's friends are copyright 
to ME!!!!
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter One: Prepare to launch!

        "Must concentrate. Focus. Focus." Channeling telekinetic energy 
through her arms, Kiyone felt like a human lightning rod. She drew 
energy from the trillions upon trillions of the newly evolved synapses 
in her brain until finally. "Focus. Focus. FIRE!" With a sudden rush 
Kiyone released all the focused energy in her arms and into the poor 
tree that awaited the final impact. A blur of almost transparent energy 
flew into tree smashing the mid trunk and blowing it in half. Kiyone 
stood silent looking at the tree she just disintegrated and then looked 
at her hands which were smoking and wondered how far can my powers go? 
Then Tenchi walked up behind her. Kiyone seemed startled by his 
presence. "Kiyone can you please ask Washu for some titanium targets. 
I'm running out of trees." Then he noticed her smoking hands. "Jeeze! 
Are you all right?" Kiyone opened her clenched fist to show there was no 
damage or burning. "Sorry about the trees Tenchi." She walked passed by 
Tenchi towards the house only to be stopped by him. "Oh, by the way 
Darrian said he had something important say to all of us at dinner so be 
sure to be there this time. ok?" Kiyone nodded. She knew that she had 
been missing dinner allot because of her training but if she didn't 
train enough she wouldn't be able to control her powers and that would 
be a lot worse than missing a meal. However if Darrian said it was 
important she supposed it wouldn't hurt to have dinner for once.
        Kiyone headed inside wiping her hot sweaty forehead with a 
towel. After a quick shower she headed over towards the dinner table 
where everybody was sitting down already. "Sorry I'm late everybody. 
Darrian did you have something to say?" Darrian nodded in response 
saying, "Everybody, you've been so generous in letting me stay here, I 
want to show you the same respect by taking you all to America where I 
was born for a few weeks." Everyone's eyes lit up right there. None of 
them had ever been to America. They had heard about what it was like but 
never really saw what it was like. "Wow America! I've always wanted to 
go there." Tenchi said. "It'll be easy getting there. All I have to do 
is teleport us to the location you want." Washu said. "No, in this case 
we'll fly. On this trip getting there is half the fun. But of course we 
need your grandfather's permission." Everyone looked over at Yoshou 
waiting for an answer. He lifted his tee cup, took a sip and set it down 
then nodded, "Of course, this will be a great learning experience." 
Everybody cheered. Darrian told everyone that they would leave in the 
morning. They all packed up and got a good night sleep. 
       In the morning Darrian de-cloaked his ship which he had stored in 
the back yard and had everyone store their stuff that they were taking. 
Darrian was storing the luggage when Ayeka brought up her baggage. The 
suit cases piled 8 feet high and were barely able to fit in the cargo 
hold. Darrian had a grimacing look on his face as he said, "Ayeka we are 
only going to be gone two weeks. That is enough luggage for a Safari!" 
Ayeka stuck her nose up in the air. "Look I have to have my beauty 
equipment and my wardrobe. I don't want to offend the neighbors." 
Getting even more ticked, "Ayeka where we are going the nearest neighbor 
is two miles away. You don't need all that."         
        "I'll bring it anyway. You'll never know when you could need a 
ceremonial kimono." Grabbing his face Darrian finally gave up and told 
her to stow it in the main cargo hold. After stuffing all of Ayeka's 
crap in the ship he went over to Washu. "Washu I need you to make some 
portable translators that everybody can wear. Remember English is the 
main language over there and I don't want any mix-up's in language." 
Washu nodded and wove her hand. A mini portal opened up next to her and 
nine hearing aid like pieces came out. "Here just give these to every 
one. These ear pieces will configure their brains to speak English." 
       "Thanks Washu." Darrian then exited Washu's lab. At about 8:00 in 
the morning everybody got on board Darrian's ship. When Darrian started 
up the anti-gravity generators they were barely moving the ship off the 
ground. Kiyone was the co-pilot. "What the hell is weighing us down?!" 
Darrian was over in the pilot's seat shaking his head. "I know what it 
is. Kiyone open the main cargo bay doors." He got out of his seat and 
kicked half of Ayeka's luggage out of the cargo hold. Ayeka started 
complaining but was cut off by the sudden rush Gs as the ship shot up 
off the ground. Darrian sat down in his seat. Kiyone asked, "What did 
you do?" Oh, nothing just got rid of some un-needed equipment." Ayeka 
was furious and started screaming. "How could you do that?! I had 
priceless dresses in those baggage cases! How are you going to pa--" She 
was cut off again by the ship kicking in it's after burners and taking 
off at 50 times the speed of sound. The ships cabin became pressurized 
and everyone could move freely. They were now on their way to Northern 
California.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter Two: Next stop, America!
        
        Darrian's ship was approaching the west coast. Ryoko, Mihoshi 
and Ayeka had snoozed off during the trip and  Sasami was reading a 
book. Darrian and Kiyone were up in the cockpit. But Tenchi was still 
pondering about what America would be like. How would the others seem to 
American customs? God forbid if Ryoko pisses off the local police or if 
Ayeka uses her power's in a well populated area. But right now wasn't 
the time to contemplate problems but to forget about them. He was on 
vacation and dammit he was going to enjoy it. Then Darrian yelled, "Hey 
everybody, you might want to see this." Ryoko and Mihoshi woke up groggy 
but Ayeka was still sound asleep mumbling something, "Tenchi-- your such 
a goo- husban--" Only to cut off by Ryoko backhanding her across the 
head abruptingly stopping her slumber. "Huh? Who the hel--" 
        "Wake up stupid, Darrian wants us to see something." Everyone 
walked up to the nearest view port and saw an awesome sight. "There it 
is, the Golden Gate Bridge." Darrian said proudly. "It's huge!" Tenchi 
exclaimed. "Oh, by the way if your worried about us being seen, were 
cloaked." Darrian said. The ship flew under the bridge and over 
Alchetraz island. (By the way flying under the bridge is illegal. You 
get grounded if you try it.) "Well, that's enough sight seeing. Lets get 
going!" Darrian pushed the throttle all the way and the ship took off at 
the highest air speed allowable. Everyone was winched back in their 
seats screaming as they saw miles upon miles speed past them. The ship 
started to slow down and when everyone came to they were hovering over a 
dense forest area. Mihoshi and Ayeka were coming out of a daze caused by 
the G-forces. Ryoko was about to throw up but as usual Washu had 
projected a anti-G field around her so she was unaffected. Darrian and 
Kiyone were use to this so they were barely effected. Darrian unstrapped 
and said, "So, anyone wanna do that again?" He said jokingly. Then 
everyone yelled NO!!! in his face. "Just kidding. Just kidding. Sorry!" 
He then went back to the controls and but hovered the ship near the 
house that they were next to. He settled it on the ground and shut down 
the engines. With a thunk the cargo bay door opened and everyone walked 
out. Before them they saw the most beautiful area they had ever seen. 
The open part of the land was mostly dirt and some grass. There was a 
good size metal shack near the fence that surrounded the yard. The house 
was two stories high with a guest house about half the size.  Everything 
else was surrounded with massive redwood trees. Darrian inhaled deeply 
and sighed, "Boy it sure feels good to be home." He then lifted up his 
baggage and headed towards the house. The others followed. When Darrian 
got inside he flipped the power on and then the lights. (It's powered by 
a fusion reactor under the house.) The interior looked hand made, built 
up in oak wood and re-enforced by steel girders. This house could take 
on world war three if it had to. "Ok, for room assignments I want Sasami 
in the bottom room, Ayeka in the room next to her. Kiyone and I will be 
in the top room while Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi go in the guest house." 
Ayeka started to get mad, "What your going to let Ryoko be up there 
alone with Tenchi?!" 
        Smirking Darrian replied, "Don't worry, with Mihoshi over there 
they'll have their hands full." Ayeka calmed but was still upset. Ryoko 
gave a sexy grin over at Tenchi. Tenchi's face started to turn red. 
Darrian told everyone to un-pack and get settled in. Mean while he went 
over to the shack at the side of the yard. Kiyone followed. When he got 
there he turned around kind of upset, "You sure follow me around a lot. 
What do you need?" 
        "Oh, nothing just wanted to see what you were up to." Darrian 
turned back to face to door of the shack. There was a optical eye and a 
speaker receiver on it. Darrian put his eye to the optical one and said, 
"This Col. Brell Galaxy Police special forces, code omega alpha tango." 
The pad said 'access granted' and the safety lock opened, reveling a 
whole arsenal of GP weaponry. Kiyone leaned over to look, "Geeze, a PX-
255 particle cannon, LC-64 pulse rifle, plasma grenades, and 50 energy 
cell magazines!! What the hell do you need all this for?!" 
        "Well, lets just say I've made some enemies while being in the 
Black ops and they tend to give unwelcome visits." Darrian picked up the 
pulse rifle and slung it over his right shoulder. "Oh, by the way, I 
hope you like venicen." Looking puzzled Kiyone said, "Wait a minute your 
gonna use that on a deer?!" 
        "Don't worry, I'll put it on the lowest setting. If I set it to 
standard, we would be having ground meat instead of steaks." He then 
walked off into the woods. Kiyone decided to go on a stroll around the 
house while everyone else was unpacking. As she walked around the back 
of the house she saw a wide stream going from one side of the house to 
the other. The water was crystal clear and was deep enough to swim in. 
Kiyone decided what the heck were out in the middle of nowhere. She then 
took off all of her clothes and got in the stream. The water temperature 
was just perfect. High 80's to be exact. Very warm for a natural stream. 
"Darrian must of put a heater somewhere in here." She said to herself as 
she laid her head back in the warm flowing water. Her view was filled 
with redwoods towering over her with beams of light piercing through the 
branches and leafs. Never before in her life had she ever been so 
content. She closed her eyes and thought about nothing but enjoying 
herself. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter two: Feelings come through

        Darrian came back at about sundown(up there that's about 9:00) 
with a dead deer carcass yelling, "Here's dinner!" He came in the door 
with it and everyone stared at him. The deer had a 6 inch diameter hole 
in it's head and some weird liquid was dripping out of the hole. "You 
don't expect us to eat that do you?" Ayeka asked shockingly. "Of course 
not, I've got to clean and gut it first." He then headed out the door 
and into the garage where a cleaning table was. Everyone had a disgusted 
look on their face. Especially Ayeka who was about to puke her guts out. 
Darrian cleaned it and brought out the steaks in the kitchen. He 
prepared them with seasonings and marinated them. He set up a grill 
behind the house and lit them up. Everyone came out back to enjoy the 
scenery. Meanwhile Kiyone was getting out of the stream which was near 
where they were. Unfortunately Kiyone had forgot to have the presence of 
a towel when she got out. Now she was stuck. "Oh geeze what am I gonna 
do?" She thought to her self waiting behind a rock. Then she remembered 
about the ability of mental distraction. Making a person's mind think it 
saw or heard something. She concentrated and sent a mental echo in 
everyone's mind (except Darrian who was immune) to make them think a big 
rock fell somewhere near them but far away from Kiyone. "What was that?" 
Sasami said. Quickly Kiyone jumped out, grabbed her clothes and ran 
inside. But not before being noticed by Darrian who caught her in the 
corner of his eye. He didn't say or do anything but made a slight grin 
on his face. Kiyone ran upstairs where her room was, dried off got her 
clothes back on and headed down stairs. By then Darrian had cooked the 
steaks and was bringing them inside. Kiyone was running down stairs when 
he was going in the Kitchen. Darrian then made a snide comment, "Hey 
Kiyone, how come your STREAMING down stairs so fast.?" Kiyone stopped in 
her tracks with her eyes wide open realizing he saw her coming out of 
the stream. Kiyone gritted her teeth while Darrian snickered to himself. 
        Everyone had a great dinner even though they were a little 
hesitant about eating what they saw before. Later that night Darrian was 
sitting on the back deck fishing in the stream. With the fire flies out 
it was perfect fishing conditions for steelhead. He sat back in a 
recliner chair only to be disturbed by a noise, "Hi caught anything?" It 
was Tenchi. "No, just a bunch of leaves." Darrian had a sad look upon 
his face as he slouched back in the recliner. "Is something the matter? 
You don't look so good." Darrian waved his hand in response, "Oh its 
nothing." Tenchi sat up and said, "Well, if it makes any difference, I 
appreciate what your doing for all of us." Darrian smiled and said, 
"Think nothing of it you deserved it." Tenchi went back in the house 
while passing Kiyone, "Hey Kiyone, I think Darrian is down in the 
dumper. Try cheering him up." Looking suprised Kiyone said, "What do you 
mean? I can't really do anything." Tenchi started to get a stern look on 
his face. "Look I know you like him more than a friend but I don't think 
he knows that." Kiyone looked hesitant but was calmed. Tenchi put his 
hand on her shoulder. "Do what you think is right." Kiyone decided to go 
out back where Darrian was. Sitting on the edge Of the deck with a 
fishing rod in hand twitching it slowly. She walked out and sat next to 
him starring at him. "Hey, you ok?" She said softly. Darrian bent his 
head down sighing, with a tear in his eye, "Ever since I got here I've 
been reminiscing about when I was a kid. About when all my family was 
here. But now I don't have a family. They've all died of old age or have 
been killed in the line of duty." Kiyone put her arm around him. "Hey, 
you don't need to worry, we're your family now." Darrian raised his head 
a little and looked at Kiyone who was smiling at him. She wiped off the 
tear off that was on Darrian's face. He held her hand, embraced her and 
they both kissed.
 
End Part One
I will be posting Part two when ever I get it done. Mean while, please 
send me your C&C. I want to Know how I'm doing.