Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters. Please don't sue me -.-;;;

Spoiler warning. These events take place after Tenchi Muyo! in Love 2; and therefore may contain spoilers.


----------------------


Prologue

Oniisan Muyo!


	Almost one year after the events in Tenchi Muyo! in Love 2...

	Tenchi was now eighteen years old, and was getting ready to start college that autumn. After the 
event with Haruna, Tenchi began to grow closer to Ryoko. Aeka then decided it was time for her to go, but 
Tenchi still had feelings for her too. He had asked her to stay, and said that he still didn't know who he 
loved. That was six months ago. 

	It was a warm summer afternoon, Kiyone and Mihoshi had left to go on patrol, Washu had locked 
herself in the lab, and everyone else was sitting down to another great lunch Sasami had prepared.

	"Sasami-chan, this is delicious!" Katsuhito exclaimed as he downed some shrimp tempura. "Tenchi, 
have you decided what you are going to do after college?"

	"Not yet Jii-chan." Tenchi looked down, "After all the adventures we've had, I didn't get time to 
study so I won't be able to go to a better university."

	"The local college isn't that bad Tenchi," Nobuyuki chimed in, "but you really should figure out 
what you want to study. No matter where you go, if you apply yourself hard enough you will succeed."

	Ryoko flung herself onto Tenchi. "Don't go away to college! You'll be gone most of the day! Run 
away with me! We can live in space together!"

	Aeka pulled Ryoko off of Tenchi. "Tenchi is never, NEVER going anywhere with you!"

	Ryoko smirked, "You just used a double negative." She flung herself back on Tenchi. "Ne, Tenchi! 
What do you say? Aeka gave us her blessing!" Tenchi began his normal fidgeting and tried to get out of 
Ryoko's hold.

	"Hey you! You let go of him!" Aeka was furious.

	"Why don't you just eat your food! It's getting cold!" Sasami was obviously agitated by the recent 
increase of fighting between the two girls. "I worked hard on this! The least you could do is eat it!"

	"Gomen nasai..." Aeka and Ryoko said in unison, and began to eat.

	Just after the room had calmed down, there was a knock at the door. "I wonder who that could 
be..." Tenchi looked at his father.

	"I'll get it." Katsuhito put down his rice bowl and stood up.

	When he opened the door, Katsuhito was stunned. At the door stood a rather well built man 
dressed in a kimono with a sword in his sash. "Tadaima," exclaimed the man at the door.

	"Ame.... Ametsuchi!?" Katsuhito took a few steps back in shock, and yelled at his son. "He's back! 
Ametsuchi! He's back!"

	Nobuyuki fell over as he scrambled for the door. "Masaka!" The stranger walked inside just as 
Nobuyuki made it to the door. "It's him! It's really him!" Nobuyuki grabbed the man in a hug. Katsuhito 
soon joined the embrace.

	"You guys are making too much of a fuss over this." The man remarked "Tadaima; Jii-chan, 
Oyaji."

	After about a minute or two of just standing there, Nobuyuki soon let go and smiled. "Let me 
introduce you to everyone!" He bounded into the other room. Bewildered, the stranger followed him.

	In the other room, it was the normal scene of Aeka and Ryoko fighting with Tenchi stuck in the 
middle. That is, until Nobuyuki cleared his throat. Everyone looked up in confusion. "Everyone! I'd like you 
to meet Ametsuchi!" He gestured to the man standing next to him. "Ametsuchi, meet everyone! This is 
Aeka-chan, Ryoko-chan, and Sasami-chan." He pointed at each person while he said their name. "And of 
course, there is Tenchi."

	Ametsuchi walked up to Tenchi and put out his hand. "Yoroshiku, otouto."

	The women in the room jumped back twenty feet in surprise, "O... OTOUTO!?!?" Tenchi too was 
extremely surprised, but shook the man's hand.

	Tenchi looked over at the two smiling old men standing in the hallway. "Jii-chan, what's going on?"

	"Well, it's very simple. Ametsuchi here is your older brother." Tenchi froze.

	"I do see a resemblance..." Aeka timidly remarked.

	Ametsuchi looked over at Aeka and Ryoko who had now ventured closer to him. "Oh! Forgive my 
manners." He walked over to the princess and bowed. "It's a pleasure" Aeka, remembering her manners held 
out her hand, and Ametsuchi gave it a small peck.

	"I am the first princess of the royal family of Jurai, Aeka."

	Ametsuchi turned to Ryoko. Ryoko could see the family resemblance between Tenchi and 
Ametsuchi. Tenchi was shorter and less built, but the facial features were more or less the same, minus the 
scare he had under his left eye. Ametsuchi looked more weathered and had longer hair. He also had a look in 
his eye that she could not place. "Ryoko." she said as she shook his hand.

	Tenchi's brother then turned to Sasami who had hidden herself behind Aeka. "Who do we have 
hear?" he said childishly.

	"I'm Sasami. Aeka's my sister." She said rather timidly.

	"Ooh... sou ka? Yoroshiku onegaishimasu, Sasami-hime" Ametsuchi bowed. Sasami giggled at the 
remark and bowed herself.

	Ametsuchi straightened himself and looked at his younger brother. "Well? Say something! It's been 
sixteen years since I left. The least you could do is say `hi.'"

	"Is he really my brother?" Tenchi still perplexed turned to his grandfather.

	"BAKA! I already said he is!" Katsuhito turned to his son-in-law. "Grab the sake! This calls for a 
celebration."

	"Matte, Oyaji!" Ametsuchi motioned for his dad to stop. "Where's kaasan? I want to see the look 
on her face!"

	Nobuyuki looked over at his father-in-law, who just looked at the ground. "Son, you see..." He 
stopped. "Well, it's like this.... the winter after you left, your mother got very sick... and, well.." Nobuyuki 
was at a lost for words. "She died that winter."

	Ametsuchi almost fell over. "Kaasan, is dead?...." He struggled to keep from crying. He headed 
toward the couch and fell onto the back side of it. "I can't believe it.... why?... was it because I left?"

	Katsuhito walked over to his grandson and put his hand on his shoulder. "You had nothing to do 
with it. This is no time to be sad. You are finally back after sixteen years, and I am very happy." He 
motioned toward the table. "Come, sit down, we have much to talk about."

	"You're right Jii-chan. I'll be okay." Ametsuchi looked up at his grandfather, showing a strength in 
his eyes. He pulled himself off of the coach and headed toward the table.

	"Na, son, did you ever find what you were looking for?"

	Ametsuchi put his sword on the floor and sat down at the table. "Found it, and lost it."