     "I'm afraid I have trouble thinking of you as my grandfather now," said Tenchi.  He and
Yosho had drifted over to stand by the front door, watching the falling snow through the 
windows.
     "That's understandable," Yosho replied.  "Placing a new face on an old figure is a 
shock to anyone."
     "Grandpa......why didn't you rescue Ryoko from Kagato?  You're much more experienced 
than I am."
     "I could not.  I fought him briefly, remember, and he just toyed with me.  His using 
Ryoko was a simple diversion; had I dispatched her, I still could not have beaten him.  Only
you could do that."
     "Are you so sure?"
     "Yes.  I cannot summon the Lighthawk Wings.  And that is only the beginning of your 
abilities."
     "But I saw you use a Lighthawk Wing during your fight with Ryoko!"
     "No, the tenchi-ken is able to project a small shield, and that is what you saw.  My 
own Power expression is centered on clairvoyant and precognitive talents, although I do have
some modest psychokinetic abilities."
     "That would explain those large leaps you made.  And I can see where your other talents 
would be real useful for a swordsman."
     Yosho nodded.  "Indeed.  But, I cannot even match my own father's Power level -- you 
have already overshadowed us both."
     "Everyone says that, but I find it hard to believe."
     "Your belief doesn't change any of the facts.  But your belief will affect the speed at
which you respond to them.  To deny your talents will only postpone their inevitable 
emergence.  To embrace them will make their acceptance and integration that much easier.  
Have faith in yourself, Tenchi.  Everyone else here has faith in you."  He put a hand on 
Tenchi's shoulder, as a gesture of support.
     "Grandpa, would you return to Jurai if you could?"
     "I don't know.  Washu's comment came as a complete surprise.  I will have to think about 
it.  In time, perhaps...."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Sasami was puttering around the kitchen, checking her supplies for that night's meal, 
when she heard footsteps.  She looked up to see Mihoshi walk into the kitchen, pour herself 
a cup of coffee, and then sit at he regular place at the table.  She was alone, and she had
a pinched look on her face.  Curious, Sasami sat down across from her.  "What's up, Mihoshi?  
Why aren't you out there with everyone else?"
     Mihoshi stared at her for a moment, before focusing on her face.  "Oh! I didn't realize
you were there.  Sorry, Sasami.  Did you say something?"
     "You seem a bit distracted," Sasami replied.  She was kind enough not to say 'more than
usual,' which is what her sister would have added.  Sasami liked Mihoshi, even if the others
in the house found her difficult to relate to.
     "I was trying to concentrate on Tenchi," she replied.  "I was trying to identify his 
emotions in there, but there were so many disturbances that I just couldn't get a firm fix.  
Actually, that bothers me, because I've never really had that problem before."
     "Maybe you're trying too hard."
     "Well, that could be.  I was trying to see if we have a link, like he and Ryoko do.  
Like he and you do.  Washu thinks we do, but I don't feel it."
     "What do you think it should feel like?"
     "I don't really know.  I don't think it would be like telepathy, but I would expect it 
to be stronger than what I read from everyone else.  What's your link like?"
     Sasami shrugged.  "Like talking to him, but a lot more limited.  Simple ideas, strong 
feelings.  I can tell when he's upset, or happy, or hungry.  Sometimes I can show him my 
dreams, or parts of them.  It's nice to have somebody to share with."
     "What about Tsunami?  Don't you talk with her?"
     "It's different with her....like hearing an echo of my own voice....because we're really 
two halves of the same person.  But Tenchi is a separate person, so it feels more like a 
normal conversation.  It's hard to describe."
     "Actually, I think I have a pretty good idea.  If you don't mind, I think I will just 
sit in here where it's quiet, and try to figure this out."
     "Ok," Sasami said, grinning at her friend.  She went back to her recipe cards and 
inventory.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Ryoko had slipped into one of the corners, trying to decide if this would be a good 
time to retreat to her rafter.  If it weren't for the fact that Tenchi would probably be 
real annoyed with her, she would have done it already.   That's when she realized that the 
Imperial Consort was standing in front of her, smiling politely, and effectively blocking 
her in.  She returned the smile, albeit hesitantly.  "Yes, Your Majesty?"
     "My son tells us you wish to become Tenchi's bodyguard," Funaho said.  "He speaks very 
highly of your fighting prowess, your situational awareness, and your vigilance.  And your 
devotion is beyond question."
     "Uh, thanks.  I'm glad he's satisfied with my credentials."
     "Palace security is partly my responsibility, as is finding qualified personnel.  You 
would fit in quite nicely, assuming you are able to adapt to my team."
     "Your team?"
     "There are security details attached to each member of the Royal Family, to provide 
'round-the-clock coverage, as well as covering activities outside the palace.  All these 
functions require a coordinated effort, with information sharing, backups, training in 
state-of-the hardware, and periodic updates on possible threat assessments.  I have a small,
but very proficient staff."
     "I hadn't realized that there was so much involved in guarding someone," Ryoko admitted.
     "You would be a very valuable asset -- but we don't tolerate mavericks.  And you would 
have to learn to take orders.  Oh, don't look so dubious, Ryoko.  Can't you see the benefits
in working with a team of professionals to help protect your husband?  And they would rest 
a little easier knowing someone so formidable was standing beside Tenchi.  It's all for 
mutual support."
     "I'll have to think about it."
     "And while you're thinking, I have another idea for your consideration."
     "Oh?"
     "I'm also responsible for intelligence gathering.  And I'm required to send unscheduled
inspection teams into military installations, to test and evaluate their readiness.  I've 
looked over the Galaxy Police's dossier on you, and your exploits for Kagato are impressive.  
I could use someone like you, too.  Perhaps paired with Mihoshi...."
     "Mihoshi?  You'll have to explain that one for me, Your Majesty."
     "Call me Lady Funaho.  Mihoshi has three talents that make her an ideal partner for you:
she has a great eye for details, she has incredible quantities of Luck, and according to 
Washu she is simply pure death to complicated machinery.  What you couldn't phase through 
she would easily disrupt.  And I can't think of a better source of diversions."
     Ryoko couldn't help laughing.  "That's quite a picture you paint, Lady Funaho.  Have 
you talked to her about it?"
     "No, but getting her reassigned as a liaison to the Royal Intelligence Service should 
be no problem.  It might even add some stability to her marriage with Tenchi, since she would
be home more often."
     "Let me think about that, too, ok?"
     "Of course.  It will be a few months before you settle on Jurai, so there is plenty of 
time to ponder.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask."
     Ryoko idly twisted her brooch -- she'd slept with it on -- and admitted that it would 
be fun to take Ryo-ohki back into the space lanes again, only this time as a privateer rather
than a pirate.  She might even learn to like the Ditz.  Her eyes rested momentarily on Yosho, 
and she shuddered; she feared that face.  The grizzled, gray-haired image had not scared her 
like the young warrior, and it had been difficult to equate the elder shrine-master with the
man who had defeated and imprisoned her.  Only one thing could make her stay in this house 
now: Tenchi.  His back was turned to her, but she would know that figure anywhere.  She felt
the old craving rising in her, the need to embrace him and hang on for dear life, and the 
only reason she didn't teleport beside him that very second was the need to be civil to his 
powerful great-grandmother.  At that moment Tenchi turned and glanced at her briefly, his 
lips twitched into a quick grin, and the word <Later> caressed her mind.  She gasped.
     "I see that link is very real," Funaho said.
     Ryoko blushed.  "Is it that obvious?"
     "Yes it is.  I envy you.  Ryoko, how much of your past does Tenchi know about?"
     "Not much.  He hasn't asked, and I haven't offered.  I've always been afraid it might 
scare him away."
     "I doubt much would deter that boy when he sets his mind to something.  You won't be 
rid of him so easily."
     "I sure hope you're right," Ryoko said, momentarily unsettled by the sheer thought of 
life without Tenchi.
     "What was it like, those years with Kagato?"
     "A constant nightmare.  He kept me in stasis most of the time, feeding me information 
subliminally.  Usually it was about the next target, but sometimes just behavioral skills; 
he wanted me to be a proper little saboteur, or spy, or thief....whatever he needed.  
Mercifully, he reserved the most terrible deeds for himself -- I never did any kidnappings 
or assassinations.  But for me, the worst part of my missions was observing the people 
around me.  I saw what I was missing, what I thought I'd never have.  Even the simple 
pleasures were forbidden, because he was thought they might trigger some rebellion on my part.  
I was deathly afraid to even sample them, because then I would be punished.  And his 
punishments were awful.  Some of his assignments were so bad that I just refused to obey -- 
so he'd take control of my mind and turn me into a damned marionette.  The raid on Jurai was
like that: I refused, he enslaved me, and I was forced to watch helplessly while he committed
atrocities with my hands.  You wouldn't believe the nightmares I have."
     "It's amazing that you survived all of that, and your imprisonment on Earth as well.  
It says much about the strength of your character."
     "Thank You."
     "You appear to be making a solid recovery."
     "That's because I've had one single focus for the last two years."
     "And what is that?"
     "Tenchi."  She put a great deal of feeling into that one word, and that brought the 
subject turning around once more.  He studied her for a moment, excused himself from his 
conversation, and crossed the room.
     "What's wrong, Ryoko?" Tenchi whispered into her ear  "You seem upset about something?"
     "I am," she whispered back. "Can we talk somewhere in private?"
     "Uh, yeah -- we can go to my room.  That should be private enough."
     Ryoko embraced him and teleported them directly into his room.  Once, there, she did 
not let go of him.  And Tenchi, sensing her distress, maintained his own embrace.  
     "Ok, what's wrong?" he asked.
     "It's Yosho.  I  can't...his face....Tenchi, I'm frightened of him."
     "I can't say I know how you feel, but I can appreciate the way you feel.  I'm having 
some difficulty myself."
     "No, you don't know how I feel.  Tenchi, that face was the last thing I saw before I 
was locked in my tomb.  I can't look at that face without feeling the centuries of cold and 
dark rushing over me again, burying me alive.  I know it doesn't make sense, but I can't 
help it.  If you weren't here I'd be gone in a flash, and I'd never come back."
     Tenchi sighed.  "Would it help if you stayed here until lunch-time?  He'll go back to 
his own quarters afterwards."
     Ryoko was relieved.  "I was hoping you'd offer.  Thanks."  She smiled mischievously, 
and said, "Actually, it would help even more if we both stayed here until lunch-time; I know
a way to make the time pass eventfully."
     Tenchi chuckled.  "Now I know you're feeling better.  Look, the wedding is only a few 
weeks away...."
     "I know, I know," Ryoko pouted.  "But you can't blame a girl for trying, can you?"
     "What are you going to do in here for the next few hours?"
     Ryoko climbed onto his bed and crawled under the covers.  "I'm going to take a nap.  
Now, why don't you tuck me in?  And call me when lunch is ready."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     "Ayeka, dear, you keep staring at Yosho."  Funaho had encountered Ayeka coming out of 
the kitchen, where she had gone to talk to her sister.  The princess had been standing quietly,
looking at her half-brother's back.
     "Am I? I don't mean to."
     "Are you having second thoughts about marrying Tenchi?  It's understandable, finding 
out that your original betrothed is not only still alive, but still young and virile and 
good-looking...."
     "I will confess that I occasionally wondered what I would do if that question ever 
arose.  It seemed an unlikely event."
     "Yet, here it is."
     "Yes, here it is.  But I can honestly say that there is no real question.  Yosho may 
still retain his youth, but I've looked into his eyes and there is not much joy there.  He 
left me long ago, with no intention of ever returning.  He met and married another woman, 
raised a family, and now his heart is full of memories with no room for anyone else.  But 
Tenchi is young, and handsome, and has every intention of staying with me.  I could not live
without him."
     Tenchi stood at the top of the stairs and paused, cocking his head to one side.  He 
descended slowly, looking around the room, and then crossed over to her.  "Ayeka?  Did you 
call me?"
     Ayeka looked astonished, giggled, and then wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed 
him.  Tenchi was surprised, and responded a bit nervously knowing a bemused Funaho was 
watching them.  "Yes, I called you.  I think Sasami needs your help in the kitchen."
     "Oh.  Ok."  He walked around them and into the kitchen, shaking his head.
     Ayeka giggled again.  "Now we have a link, too!"
     "And you don't object to sharing him with the other ladies?" Funaho asked.
     Ayeka sighed.  "It is still a source of strife.  I will admit that I am jealous when I 
see him with the others, but I keep telling myself that it is necessary."  She shrugged 
dejectedly.  "I just have to learn to accept this situation, and remind myself that the 
private moments may be few and far between, but are well worth the price.  This arrangement 
was not Tenchi's idea, and I think he agreed to it simply because it seemed the path of 
least resistance.  I am also giving more credence to Washu's warning that he will need all 
of us in the years to come.  Tell me, Funaho, how did you learn to accept my mother's 
presence in your marriage?"
     "I very nearly didn't."  She idly rubbed the jewel implanted in her forehead, the 
imperial marking denoting her rank as Senior Wife.  They both knew the original 
circumstances, Funaho from experience and Ayeka from narrative.  Crown Prince Azusa had been
passing through the Sol System while performing his duties, when he had sensed her Power 
level.  Curious, he had stopped to investigate.  The subsequent courtship and marriage, while
something of a whirlwind in their own right, were nothing compared to the tempest they 
encountered when she was Presented at Court.  Much of the Juraian aristocracy did not 
approve of the inter-racial marriage of their future emperor, who considered such a move as 
the 'dilution' of his bloodline.  The birth of their son Yosho caused a great schism within
Juraian society.  The subsequent discontent nearly resulted in civil war, which was averted 
only when Azusa agreed to take a second wife.  The law was modified and Azusa married Misaki, 
who was the choice of the nobility.  "Your father was emperor by then, and quite eager to 
establish his authority.  When he yielded to the demands that he take another consort, I was
crushed.  I offered to accept a divorce and to return to Earth, but he would not listen.  He
had compromised enough, he declared, and to permit me to return to my homeworld would show 
too much weakness.  Fortunately, your mother and I established a working relationship early 
on.  We are closer now than sisters, and we adjusted to the circumstances long ago."
     "And I'm sure we will, too."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     "Sasami?  Ayeka said you needed my help."
     Sasami looked up from the pot she was stirring and frowned.  "No, I don't think so.  
Sorry, Tenchi."
     "Oh, that's ok."
     "But *she* needs your help," Sasami said, pointing to where Mihoshi was sitting.  Her 
head was in her hands, and she appeared pretty dejected.  Tenchi walked over to the table 
and slid into the seat Sasami had vacated.
     "What's up, Mihoshi?"
     "I can't feel you," she replied absently.
     Tenchi reached across the table and took her hand.  "Can you feel me now?"  He smiled, 
hoping the joke would lighten her mood.
     It didn't. "I can feel your hand, but not your heart," she said forlornly.
     "I don't understand," he replied, not for the first time.
     She looked into his eyes.  "I want a link like you and Ryoko share, or like you and 
Sasami share.  But I can't even read your emotions while you're sitting right in front of 
me.  It's like you're only half there!"
     Tenchi stood and walked around the table, stopping behind Mihoshi's chair.  He put his 
hands on her shoulders and squeezed gently.  "I don't know what to say, other than I love 
you."
     She put her hands on his and leaned backwards into his chest.  "That means a great deal
to me."
     "You know," he said, "maybe not being able to read me is a blessing in disguise.  Don't
you get fatigued by all of the emotional backwash from everyone around you?"
     "Yes," she replied slowly.
     "If you could read me more intensely than anyone else, wouldn't that cause you to 
'burn out?'  Like an overloaded circuit?"
     "I hadn't thought of that," she said, perking up.  "And it makes sense."  It also 
explained why she had never had this problem with her previous boyfriends -- she had never 
linked with them (but she wasn't going to mention that little item).  She stood up and spun
around so fast she tipped her chair over, locking her arms around her startled fiancée. 
"Then we really are linked!  Oh, I'm so happy!"  And she pulled Tenchi into a passionate 
kiss.
     Sasami watched from the stove, grinning.  She could feel Tenchi's confusion, and she 
could see Mihoshi's relief.  She liked happy endings.  Now, what should she make for dessert?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Washu was standing at the front window, looking out at the lake.  Funaho moved silently
over to stand beside her.
     "It's still snowing, I see," Funaho said.
     "Yes," Washu answered. "It will probably snow all day."
     "I don't see much snow on Jurai.  I had forgotten how beautiful it is."
     Washu turned to smirk at her.  "As long as your car isn't stuck in it!  So tell me, Lady 
Funaho, is it my turn now?  I've been watching you working the crowd."
     "I'm just surprised that you agreed to this marriage, Washu.  You were such a confirmed
recluse for so long after your first marriage."
     "So you know about that, eh?  That damned Mihoshi...."
     "Don't blame her; it was in the dossier that the Galaxy Police compiled after your 
kidnapping."
     "Well, circumstances have a way of changing your outlook on life."
     "Circumstances like Tenchi?"
     "Yes.  Actually, he's redeemed all of us, one way or another."
     "How so?"
     Washu turned and indicated the other residents of the house.  "Shall we look at 
specifics?  Two years ago my Ryoko was buried in a crypt, a bitter lonely soul with no hope 
for happiness, let alone freedom, and haunted by memories that could damn her for all 
eternity.  Tenchi freed her body and her heart, and now she has dreams and hopes again.
     "Two years ago Ayeka was in stasis, seeking her half-brother or vengeance on his killer.  
Not only has Tenchi dispelled the desire for either, but she has had to willingly get her 
hands dirty and learn to get along with ordinary people.  The haughty princess has been 
humanized....and she will be a better ruler for it.
     "Two years ago Sasami was in stasis with her sister.  She simply dreaded the life she 
had been leading.  She was plagued by nightmares, she had no real friends, and running away 
with Ayeka was a golden opportunity.  Here she has a stable home, where her talents are 
appreciated and given free rein.  Tenchi is the anchor in her life, now, and she turns to 
him when she needs comforted.
     "Two years ago Mihoshi was on her way to a breakdown.  Long periods of isolation while 
on patrol, no proximity to family or friends, a growing reputation as a jinx, and accused of
nepotism because of her highly-placed relatives.  It's no wonder her performance ratings had 
been dropping steadily.  I don't think she would have lasted much longer in the Galaxy Police, 
and that could have dealt her a crushing blow.  Since meeting Tenchi, she has turned her 
life around."
     "What about you, Washu?  How has my great-grandson redeemed your life?"
     "Aside from the trivial stuff like love and affection?  I want to bear his child."  
Washu was watching Funaho's face, and smiled at the reaction she saw there.  "Don't look so 
shocked, Lady Funaho, it's really a very logical decision.
     "My first child was taken from me because I lacked the prestige or the wealth to keep 
him.  My social standing and pedigree wasn't good enough, and my husband's family thought I 
was incapable of raising our son in an 'acceptable' or 'proper' environment.  
     "My second child was taken from me because I wasn't strong enough to protect her.  What
was worse, I knew she was being abused and corrupted, and I was totally powerless to do 
anything.  I couldn't even close the link we shared, so I felt the echo of every horror she 
was subjected to.
     "But my next child will be born into the Imperial Family, at the absolute top of the 
social structure.  And the child's father will be the mightiest mortal in the galaxy."  Her 
voice turned to steel, and her eyes blazed.  "No one will dare raise a hand against me or my
baby.  Not ever again."

