Authors notes: I don't own Tenchi Muyo. Because if I did, I would make 
a movie where Tenchi falls in love with Ryoko and they actually KISS! 
But that's my world. Back to reality, if you don't mind. If you don't 
like the story, MST it or something. I don't care. Don't sue me either 
because I am totally BROKE! Even if I weren't, you wouldn't get any 
money out of me anyways. MWUA HA HA!!!...Excuse me. Ahem, now where was 
I? Oh well. ON WITH THE SHOW! Peace! 


Warm rays of sunlight edged through the windowpane in Tenchi's room 
avoiding the mahogany curtains. But the sunrays traveled through the 
room placing themselves aimlessly on Tenchi's face. He turned  
over on his stomach, shoving his head under the covers. Muttering 
words, there came a knock on the door. 
"Tenchi! Breakfast is ready!" 
"Thank you Sasami! I'll be up in sec!" Tenchi answered from under the 
covers.
Above him, he heard a light giggle. Pushing the covers onto the floor, 
he groggily opened his eyes to see Ryoko, floating above him; eyes 
open, 
staring right at him. 
 
"Morning Tenchi! Didja sleep well?" She winks as sly as a cat and 
floats 
closer to him, hiding her smirk. "'Cause, you know I know I did." 
 
Tenchi turns red, but shrugs. "Gimme a break Ryoko. You've been doing 
this for years. It's not like your going to do anything to me...right?" 
He loses his smile and gulps.  He edges back, hitting his head on the 
wall of the room. 
 
Ryoko edges closer. "Well now I wouldn't say that." she said purring 
back in a catlike manner. 
 
"R- Ryoko, I ah- don't think that you should uh.-" 
 
Ryoko decides to stop floating and places her self on top of him,  
edging closer to his face, making him ram his head against the wall. 
"Shame Tenchi," She said softly placing her hands on his shoulders. 
"Shame shame shame!"  
 
His face scarlet now, Tenchi stutters something incomprehensible. 
"Ryoko, er- could you, uh-" 
 
From another room, "Lord Tenchi? Lord Tenchi? Are you alright?" I heard 
a loud knock! Is that demoness in there? Lord Tenchi?" 
  
'Saved! Well, sort of.' He thinks in his mind. 'Whoa! Did I just think 
that? Like I wanted it to happen? Wake UP Masaki! Shows' over!'
 Ryoko rolls her eyes giving him a wink, floating back towards the 
door, she rests her hand on her forehead. "Oh, we can't go on like this 
any longer, my love!"
 She says loud enough, purposely so Ayeka could hear her. Ayeka starts 
to thunder from behind the door. "She IS in there! Lord Tenchi! I'll 
save you!"  
 
Ryoko, places her palms on her waist, mimicking every word Ayeka says 
perfectly on time. Tenchi makes a shooing motion with his hands, 
mouthing 'GO' at full intent. 
She finally teleports out of the room, letting Tenchi answer. "I'm fine 
Ayeka. I'm alive!"   
 
"What took you so long?" She replies.
 Tenchi pauses. "Er, I uh, I was still asleep. Yeah."
Still hesitant, Ayeka questions on. "Then.why was Ryoko in there!? Was 
she torturing you? Sucking your blood? What!?"
 "Nothing Ayeka. I'll be out in a minute." Tenchi said. He sits still, 
listening to the light footsteps of the princess  
mount downstairs. Finally getting up, he walks towards the bathroom. 
"Another beautiful morning I see." Remarking sarcastically, he sighs 
and slides the door open.  
 
After washing his face and brushing his teeth, he pauses. The mirror, 
there since he was born, was different. Although, more like himself was  
what had changed. His hair, not that rattail anymore, was shoulder 
length, thick and always back in a loose ponytail. His once childish 
puppy eyes were smaller, and his boyish frame was now more mature. Less 
bone and more muscle. Drying his hands, he smiled at himself. "I think 
I could get used to this." 
 
 
Retiring back to his room, he decides to slip on a T-shirt that says, 
"They went to Disney World and all I got was this lousy t-shirt." And a 
pair of baggy, gray sweatpants with Nobiyuki's old college logo on the 
left cuff. Combing his hair quick as lightning, he ties it back with a 
red elastic. Trotting down the stairs, he meets Washu at the bottom. 
"Good Morning Tenchi! I've got a few experiments in the lab t'day, so 
just drop breakfast by the door OK?" 
"Sure Wa-uh, little Washu, no problem." He responds.
Kneeling down at the table, he grabs a plate and starts to serve 
himself. "Wow Sasami, this looks really good."
 Smiling, the little girl sets the tea on the table. "And it tastes 
even better!"
She giggles and places herself next to Mihoshi who is already on her 
second helping. "Shluuuuuurp! Thif if weely goof Fafami!" Mihoshi 
compliments with her mouth full. Everyone sweat drops. 
Ryoko suddenly appears in her usual spot next to Tenchi. "Hello people. 
Hello my Tenchi. And how are we this morning?" Ryoko links her arm with 
his and starts to trace small circles on his chest. Ayeka fumes.
 
Tenchi blushes but manages to hold himself down. "Uh, just fine Ryoko. 
Could you, uh."
"Get OFF of LORD TENCHI YOU MONGREL!"
 But Ryoko keeps her position. "Make me, sourpuss." She answers. "And 
another thing, why are you so dead set over Tenchi? You know you just 
want him as a replacement for Yosho." 
"UGH! That is not true you.you HUSSY! You just want Lord Tenchi as a 
replacement for Kagato!" She snapped.
"Ayeka!" Sasami and Tenchi exclaimed at the same time. 
"Shut up Ayeka. I'd be careful if I were you. You wouldn't want to step 
in your own Bull now would you?" She yelled back, with a smirk painted 
on her lips.
 Ayeka was at screaming point by now. "You know just as well as I do 
that, that all YOU are is a little over perfumed, slutty, prostitute-
like piece-of-RIFF RAFF!" That was it.
Tenchi went to grab Ryoko's arm to hold her down, but she was already 
standing up. And she was still. Very still. No lightning from her eyes. 
No plasma sword ready and willing. She just stood there. Eyes thinned. 
Mouth closed. How dare you call me that? You, you little self centered, 
helpless, bossy, abrupt, selfish, prissy little princess." 
Tenchi couldn't stand to see another morning go to waste. Ayeka stood 
up in a flash, walked over to Ryoko, and raised her hand ready to slap 
her. Tenchi was about to stand up to stop Ayeka, but Ryoko was already 
ready. In a flash, she caught the princesses' hand with her grip. 
Holding it there for a few seconds, flinching, she released it and 
shoved it into Ayeka's torso.
"Don't TOUCH ME!" Ryoko snapped. She kneeled down next to Tenchi, 
glaring at the rest of the family. "What?" Every one continued eating 
their meal.
 Ayeka, fuming, plopped herself next to Tenchi and grabbed her 
chopsticks so hard she thought it was going to cause her a splinter. 
"Don't you start wi-" Ayeka began, but was cut off short.
 "I'd be quiet if I were you princess." Ryoko replied. "You wouldn't 
want to get your ass kicked by the riff raff now would you?" 
"Oooooooh you little-" 'Oh well.' Tenchi thought. 'There goes another 
morning.'
 
By mid-afternoon, Tenchi was already at the shrine, sweeping the steps. 
"<sigh> God I hate chores. Same thing every day. Sweep the steps, 
practice, tidy up the shrine, sweep the steps some more." He complained 
to no one in particular. "I wish all of this never happened. This 
stupid Jurai sword thing. All these freaky space adventures. It's such 
a pain in the butt!"
 Tenchi paused for a while, resting the broom on his chest. As he 
looked out onto the blue horizon, he took in everything around him.
He could see a crown of cyan spikes from where he was standing. Ryoko 
was sitting towards the lake, fiddling around with something in her 
hand. What was it? Oh, a hacky-sack ball. She bounced it on her knee, 
to her ankle, back to her knee, then to her wrist. He watched for a few 
minutes, when Ayeka came up on the roof. 
They began talking. Ryoko pointed to Tenchi, who didn't know that she 
had seen him. He waved, and they waved back. Ayeka was carrying a 
small, brown paper bag. She turned to Ryoko and asked her a question, 
who hesitated, but then nodded. She grabbed Ayeka's wrist, and before 
he knew it, they were in front of him. 
"Hello Lord Tenchi! I cooked and brought you some sweet potatoes." She 
thrusted the bag into his arms.
 The aroma of baked potatoes drizzled with honey and cinnamon sugar 
(doesn't it sound like a commercial?) tempted him to eat one right then 
and there. Although that's what she probably wanted him to do. 
"Ahem." Ryoko grunted and placed her hands on her curved hips. 
"Oh, and Ryoko helped."
Ryoko snorted. "Helped! I brought you here! You would've had to walk 
the whole way!" 
"Thank you Ayeka and Ryoko. I appreciate it." Tenchi thanked them, 
graciously. They stood there for a couple of seconds' silent. 
"Well?" Ayeka prodded. "Aren't you going to eat one?" Ryoko asked with 
a smile. "Tenchi raised his eyebrows. Oh.OH yeah! Of course! Sure!" 
Tenchi reached into the bag, pulled out one of the sugary, steaming 
vegetables, and took a large bite out of it.
Ayeka watched him carefully. "Mmmmm. These are delicious, Ayeka." 
Tenchi licked his lips enthusiastically.
Ayeka blushed. "Oh. Thank you Lord Tenchi. I made them myself!" She 
giggled happily.  
Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Sasami cooked them all. She just put the 
cinnamon stuff on 'em." Ryoko smirked.
 Ayeka jabbed the space pirate in the ribs. 
"OW! Hey! What didja do that for?" Ryoko exclaimed.
"If you really want Lord Tenchi to see a decent woman in you, I suggest 
you keep things to your self." She muttered out of the corner of her 
mouth.
"Oh, OK princess. But then again, Oops! I thought Princesses didn't 
LIE? And who are YOU calling an indecent women here?!" Ryoko mimicked 
sarcastically.
"I believe it's you!" 
"Sure. Whatever." Ryoko half smiled with her eyebrows raised. "Let's 
go, Chef Boyardee." She grabbed the hopeful princess, linked arms with 
her, and teleported back to the house. Ryoko blew Tenchi at kiss before 
she dissolved out of sight. 
A confused Tenchi stood there for a few minutes, pondering his 
feelings. "Mia!" Tenchi was startled by Ryo-ohki, who was attacking the 
broom. "Ah! Hey Ryo-ohki! Get off!" He yelled. Shaking the broom,  
trying to throw the cabbit off.
The cabbit, confused, began spitting the bristles out its mouth. 
Obviously not liking the brittle taste of dry straw. "Ryo-ohki! What am 
I going to do with you?" Tenchi reached into his pocket and pulled out 
an apple slice. "Here," He offered the cabbit. "Take this." The small 
cabbit jumped from the ground on to his shoulder, and took the apple 
slice nimbly with her paws, nibbling, then devouring the entire slice.
Laughing lightly, Tenchi took another apple slice out of his pocket and 
gave it to Ryo-ohki. And so he stood there, sweeping the dust and dirt 
from the shrine steps with the cabbit perched on his shoulder. 

Minutes later, a voice came from behind him. "Ah Tenchi, actually 
completing your chores for once. I think I'm going to cry. It's time 
for your training." Yosho exclaimed.
"Eh he he he! FUH-NNY!" Tenchi said sarcastically, mimicking his 
grandfather's laugh.
"Aw grandpa, come on! I've been doing this for hours, not today!"
"Yes Tenchi, Today. You got off yesterday, so we are  
going to work extra hard today." Yosho replied.
 Tenchi rolled his eyes in return. "You mean I'M gonna work extra hard 
today. It's always me. Whenever you say 'Oh Tenchi, we're going to take 
it easy today. Just a few simple things you already know!'" He remarked 
sarcastically, imitating his grandfather's voice. "And then, I end up 
getting knocked on my back five times with a sprained ankle!" He 
snapped at his grandfather.
 Yosho let it go. "Something is bothering you, isn't there Tenchi?" 
Asking calmly.
"No grandpa, nothing's bothering me." Yosho didn't buy it. 
"It's about the girls isn't it? You want to choose, but your mind won't 
allow it. I know this Tenchi, don't deny it." 
Tenchi hesitated, but exhaled and confessed. "Yeah grandpa, I-I, 
well...sure, I guess it is about them." Admitting, Tenchi switched the 
broom to his left hand, to his right, and back and forth continuously. 
"But it's not my fault! I'm so close to choosing one of them. But what 
am I supposed to do? Draw names out of a hat, and the rest get door 
prizes?!"
Yosho sighed in pity for his grandson. "Don't pressure your heart. It 
will decide on it's own, for you can't control your emotions, Tenchi. 
Only they control you. You have little say in what your  
heart decides."
 Tenchi sighed and laid the broom against the shrine wall. "Yeah, I 
guess so grandpa. Thanks." Tenchi bowed to his grandfather and began to 
walk away. "Domo arigato." 

'Please let him let me go. Please let him not notice. Oh  
please oh please oh please!' Tenchi thought in his head.
"Ah ah ah Tenchi, get back here! You can't fool an old man that easily. 
Grab your bokken and take your position."
Tenchi sighed. "Oh well. Take my chances." He whispered under his 
breath. He smiled, and without thinking, took off.
Yosho was caught by surprise when Tenchi sprinted past him down the 
shrine steps and towards the house, jumping and bounding over steps 
while running, his arms flailed out behind him, Quite gracefully. 
Yosho chuckled to himself. "He's young. He'll get over it...when he 
chooses. TENCHI! DOUBLE CHORES TOMORROW! I'M NOT LETTING IT GO THAT 
EASILY!" Yosho yelled through cupped hands at his grandson, who was 
hidden behind the trees. 
 
Later that evening, everyone was gathered at the table, for another 
mouth-watering dish from Sasami. "What is this Sasami?" Ayeka asked, 
prodding the saucy piece of meat with her chopsticks.
"They're barbeque ribs, Ayeka. It's American." Mihoshi explained, 
anxious to grab half the plate.
"Yeah." Ryoko added. "And you eat them with your hands. But don't eat 
the bone. You'll choke. Hey, that wouldn't be such a bad idea." She 
laughed.
 "Ryoko!" Sasami reprimanded. But giggled behind Ayeka's back. 
Ayeka narrowed her eyes. "I don't know about you, but I want to enjoy 
my dinner, pirate." Ryoko smirked, but kept silent.
"Hello everyone." Tenchi exclaimed, coming out of the bathroom, drying 
his hair with his towel. "Ooh. Something smells good. All  
right! Ribs!" 
Washu popped her head out of the lab. "Are they the really REALLY messy 
kind, dripping with BBQ sauce?" Washu A and B popped out of her hair. 
"Only the best ribs ever for Washu!" "The best gourmet EVER for Washu!" 
"Yup!" Ryoko yelled back, smacking her lips.
"I'm IN!" Washu yelled, skipping over to the table, plopping herself 
down next to Mihoshi.  

"How come everybody knows about these...ribs but me? Even Miss-" Ayeka 
received a look from Washu. "I mean, eh-Little Washu. Her little robot 
thingies know about them!" Ayeka asked, scratching her head.
A and B popped out again. "Washu taught us EVERYTHING! She's the 
greatest!" "She knows EVERYTHING! She's the best in the universe!" 
Sasami, amused by the mechanical toys, answered back, matter-o-factly. 
"These are just like Kiro-tou meat strips back at Jurai, sister. Except 
these have a different sauce, and bones! "The young princess exclaimed 
excitedly. 
"Enough with the chit-chat people!" Washu said. "Let's eat!" After 
dinner and disposing of the 500 napkins Ayeka used, Tenchi, full, went 
to go wash up his barbeque face. 
 
 
After spending an hour or two in his room, cleaning up his dirty 
laundry and finishing his homework, there came a knock at the door. 
"Coming!" He lifted himself up off of his bed, glancing at the clock by 
his bed. "9:00 already?" He asked himself. He slid open the door, 
revealing Ayeka.
"Oh, good evening Lord Tenchi. I just came to accompany you." She 
smiled and folded her hands. 
"Oh, uh, well thank you Ayeka."  
 
She kept on speaking. "I actually came here to talk to you about 
something. I hope you don't mind." She confessed quietly. "Could I ask 
you something Lord Tenchi?" She questioned him. 
"Of course. What is it?" He asked, momentarily confused.
"We...we have known each other for.quite a long time. I have questioned 
my feelings, and I'm sure you have questioned yours as well. That is 
why I-I.Well, you do know how I feel about you Tenchi and, I-I, You 
make me feel so wonderful, Tenchi. Emotions I can't even control." He 
could see where this was going. 
"About.your choice. I want you to know, that...I would make an 
excellent wife Lord Tenchi! I will work hard and everything. My father 
doesn't even have to know! Please Lord Tenchi. I-I can't keep it in 
much longer."
She broke out and clasped his shoulders, throwing herself into his 
arms. Tenchi was surprised. "Miss Ayeka, I, You know I can't choose 
between both of you. I can't cause any of you that much pain. I don't 
necessarily know how deep your feelings run, but-" 
"Extremely DEEP!" She yelped.
"Ayeka, I just can't make my decision right now, this quickly. You 
don't even know. I-I may have feelings for Ryoko. It would break her 
heart if I chose you. I don't want to hurt her." He exclaimed.
"But...you wouldn't want to hurt me, Lord Tenchi. Would you?"  
She whimpered, on the verge of tears. "Of course not Ayeka! It's just, 
Ryoko. I can't-"
"S-so, you l-love Ryoko?" She whispered.
"That's not what I said. I said tha-" he didn't get to finish his 
sentence, for Ayeka had forced her lips on his, putting enough emotion 
in the kiss to shock him. He didn't move. He didn't kiss her back. All 
he thought was 'Ryoko. Oh god! What am I going to do?!' 
 
 
Ryoko, down in the living room, was watching a soap opera. "Tell him 
stupid! Tell him you love him!" She was edging the character on the 
screen, to tell her beloved how she felt about him. Ryoko paused, 
thinking she heard her name, but shrugged it off and turned her 
attention back to the show. She then, started to think. 
'Maybe.I should tell Tenchi I love him.' She thought to herself 'It 
worked on the show. It'll work with him. He'll love me back! I know he 
will! I've known him for so long. And he can't love Ayeka. 
But, then again.what if he does? He'll chose Ayeka and-and he'll just  
look at me as, as a sister. A best friend. <sigh> I hate reality.' 
She jerked her head towards upstairs, brushing her hair against the 
couch, hearing her name again.
'That is it. I'm going up there. What is he calling me for? And if he's 
not calling me for anything...I'll tell him how I feel anyways.' She 
smiled to her self, her golden eyes smiling along with her lips. 
Hopping up off of the couch, she teleported into the hallway. 'It's 
about time I got the guts to tell him."  
 
As she turned the corner into the hallway, she stopped dead in her 
tracks. What she saw made her want to throw up. She felt dizzy and 
nauseous at the sight in front of her. 
There was Ayeka, giving her pure emotion through a kiss...to 
Tenchi. Ryoko went ballistic. She couldn't think. Her body felt thick 
and weak. She slapped her head and dug her fingers into her scalp. Her 
eyes watered, and she tasted pure hate in her mouth. Biting her tongue, 
she tasted blood as well. 
There he was. Her love. Her world. With his lips on Ayeka. She was 
going to hurl.
But she looked closer at him. He wasn't wrapped around her. He wasn't 
kissing her back. Everything was fine. Ayeka probably forced him. All 
she had to do was stop this. She exhaled and combed her bangs back with 
her hand. 
But...then again...he wasn't stopping her.  
Ryoko snapped, digging her hands harder into her scalp and tears 
spilled out of her eyes. 
"I HATE YOU!!! YOU-YOU JERK!" She screamed. Tenchi pulled away  
immediately, pulling away from Ayeka as quickly as he heard Ryoko 
scream. Tenchi ran towards Ryoko, grabbing her arms and trying to 
soothe her. But nothing was working, for she had seen enough.
"RYOKO! NO! It wasn't what it looked like! Ryoko! Please!" Ryoko was 
going insane, writhing out of his grasp.
 "LET ME GO! I HATE YOU!" She screamed, and did the only thing she 
could think of. She slapped him. Hard. Tenchi stumbled back as Ryoko 
teleported away to god knows where. 

He heard a door slam behind him, guessing it was a torn Ayeka. But at 
the moment, he didn't even care. He rested his hand on the stinging red 
mark on his cheek.
"T-That was what it felt like." He whispered to nobody but himself. The 
slap he had given her. Ryoko. His friend. His best friend. When Mayuka 
was there. He beat her. He hurt her for something so STUPID! And she 
was trying to PROTECT HIM! She was glass, and he had broken her, 
shattered her into a million pieces. He fell to his knees and stayed 
there, until the house was silent.  
 
 
Days passed, and he hadn't seen Ryoko in at least 2 days. That 
Saturday, Tenchi woke up, hoping that Ryoko was floating above him. But 
she wasn't. All he did was get up, take a shower, brush his teeth, and 
get dressed. Didn't even stop to look at himself in the mirror.
As he trotted down the stairs, he came upon Ayeka. She smiled at him 
and asked him how his morning was. He smiled back and answered fine. He 
sat on the couch next to Washu and Mihoshi, who were watching an old 
home video that his father had taped. 
"Good Morning Tenchi. Sleep well?" Washu asked, eyes on the screen. 
"I slept OK."  
 

"Hee hee hee ha ha ha! Ah ha ha ha!" Mihoshi laughed as she pointed to 
the screen. "Funny...Oh! Good morning Tenchi. I didn't see you there." 
She warmly replied.
"What are you guys watching? And what's so funny?" he asked, curious at 
what was the pun. 
"This video Nobiyuki shot during Christmas." Said Washu, still looking 
at the screen.
There was everyone, outside throwing snowballs. Snowflakes were falling 
lightly on the ground, but the snow was still pretty deep. Ryo-ohki had 
fallen into the snow, unable to get out. There was a short shot of 
Mihoshi picking her up out of the snow. "Look! It's me! Ooooh! I look 
so cuuuute!!!" Mihoshi yelped. 
There was first a shot of Tenchi with Sasami on his shoulders, pelting  
snowballs at Washu and Ryoko. Sasami was all dressed in pink. Pink 
sweater and jacket, with a white snowcap. 
Tenchi, who was laughing and aiming a snowball at Ryoko, was wearing 
his brown jacket. She dodged it and laughed playfully and gave bunny 
ears. Ryoko was decked in all red. She soared up into the air, throwing 
a snowball down at Ayeka, who was hit on the shoulder, who just smiled 
back and grabbed a heap of snow as well. 
Ayeka was in her long, blue kimono. She shivered, and was then knocked 
into the snow by Sasami's snowball. She jumped up and began to run 
toward Sasami, who leaped off of Tenchi's shoulders and into the snow. 
Mihoshi, who was now behind Ayeka's fort, got hit with one of Tenchi 
snowballs, could've been mistaken for a grape. All purple. Purple 
sweater, jacket, pants, gloves. Everything. 
Tenchi laughed and waved at Mihoshi, who smiled back. 
Washu, who was nowhere to be seen, suddenly landed on Yosho, pelting 
him with snowballs. 
Tenchi watched the family carefully. Everything was so perfect during 
Christmas. And the joyful holiday wasn't very far away either. 
He smiled and watched himself lift Ryoko onto his shoulders as she 
wrapped her arms around his neck, and ran around with Ryoko waving to 
the camera, telling a dirty joke. He finally crash-landed into the 
snow, taking her with him. Her arms still wrapped around his neck. 
They both laughed, rolling around on their stomachs at Washu, who was 
being covered with icy snowballs by Yosho. "Wow. Grandpa sure had a 
good grip, huh Washu?" Tenchi remarked. 
"Oh shut up." 
 
"Breakfast is ready!" Sasami exclaimed. As soon as everyone sat down at 
the table, Ryoko phazed down the stairs, smiling lightly at Sasami. Two 
concerned, brown eyes never left hers. 
"Good morning Ryoko. Do you want some breakfast? You didn't have 
breakfast yesterday or the day before." Sasami asked sweetly.
"No thanks Sasami. I'll- just have an apple or something." Ryoko 
replied, actually starving.
"Sit down and have a meal with your family Ryoko" Washu, now at the 
table, reprimanded, obviously angry. 
Ryoko glared at her mother. "No. "I'm not hungry."  
"SIT down Ryoko. You're being rude!" 
"Oh. And like you're any better." 
"Don't speak to me like that." 
"I'm not a little girl any more, Washu! You should have been treating 
me like this years ago." 
"Don't tell me this, Ryoko! I was there when I could've been. There is
nothing you can do to change that!"  
"STOP making a huge, damn deal out of this!" 

"STOP THIS right now!!!" Yosho yelled and slammed the table with his 
palms. "I am tired of this bickering! Are we a family, or a pack of 
wolves?!" 
"We were!" Ryoko spat at Tenchi. Everyone looked around, confused at 
such behavior from the pirate.
 "Ryoko. Sit down now or you will be extremely sorry." Washu said 
straightly, her brow furrowed.
"What are you going to do? Spank me?!" "Ryoko! Sit down now!" "THAT IS 
IT! I'M LEAVING!" Ryoko snapped at her mother.
Tenchi, momentarily shocked at his grandfathers actions, payed no head 
to it, jumped up from his spot and ran after her through the front 
door, out onto the lawn. He took hold of her shoulders and looked her 
in the eyes. 
"Ryoko! Please don't get like this!" He begged.
"LET me go Tenchi!" But his grasp only tightened on her thin shoulders. 
"Let me go Tenchi! God I hate you! Just let me GO!" 
"NO! I'm not letting you go! I am never letting you go, like it or 
not!" He told her firmly. 
"Physically or emotionally?" She asked bitterly. "Both!" He replied, 
determined.   
"Yeah, well, either way, you're hurting me!!!" She snapped at him, 
writhing in his grip. 
 
 
She immediately teleported high above the lake, very high. "You either 
let me go, or I'll drop you!" She said. For a moment, he thought he 
heard her voice quiver. Like she was going to cry.
"How can you if I won't let go!" He yelled, annoyed that she wasn't 
getting the point. His sweaty palms were slipping off of her arms. The 
wind picked up, blowing their hair into their faces. His grip had 
slipped to her wrists, to her hands... "Tenchi!" 
 
 
Too late. He slipped out of her grip and was falling, fast towards the 
lake, the wind was screaming past his body and so was he. He tried 
opening his eyes, but the pressure was too great. His life rushed 
through his mind. 

He was born. His first day at school. The death of his mother. Middle 
school. Training with his grandfather. High school. Ryoko. Battling 
Kagato for her life. Ayeka. Sasami. Visiting Jurai and meeting the 
royalty. Mihoshi. Fighting for his life with the Galaxy Police. Washu. 
More crazy and amazing adventures. Mayuka. Slapping Ryoko. Having a 
daughter. Haruna, Ryoko and Ayeka. The city. And now, he was falling 
through the air, about to die. 
 
 
Suddenly, He felt a reassuring grip on his waist. The pressure of his 
fall caused pain as hands dug into his back, his hair getting soaked by 
the waters in the lake. He almost died. He was at least a good foot 
from dying and drowning, but...she saved him. He struggled to open his 
eyes. He was dizzy and nauseous, and his head was throbbing from the 
speed of his fall, But he kept his gaze on Ryoko, who was close too 
tears.  
 

He saw a look in her eyes. He couldn't quite figure out what it was, 
but...Love. That's what it was. He never would've guessed. Sure, he 
knew she had a crush on him or something small and stupid like that, 
but love? 'What am I supposed to do now?' He thought to himself. 'Is 
this a sign or something? Do I LOOK like I'm in "Touched By An Angel?" 
I'M NOT READY FOR THIS!!! Oh god, now what?'
"Ryoko.I.well I.What I'm trying to say.is.I" He tried to spit it out, 
but he felt like he was swallowing glue. 'Smooth Masaki, real smooth.' 
He opened his mouth, but didn't even get to say anything.
Angered beyond her will, she teleported onto the path to the shrine, 
and thrusted him to the ground. But she didn't run away. Instead, she 
fell to her knees, sobbing uncontrollably, her back arching up and 
down. 
Tenchi, bewildered, stood up and slowly walked over to her, and wrapped 
his arms around her. He picked her up, cradling her like a baby. He 
walked over to an ancient oak and sat there, combing back her bangs 
with his hands, whispering soothing things to her. But she wouldn't 
give in that easily. 
She pushed her hands against his chest, shaking, pushing, kicking, and 
trying to get out of his hold. But he kept a firm hold on her. 
 
She finally gave in, sobbing into his chest and gripping his green, 
cotton, T-shirt with the stupid 7-Up logo on it. Washu bought it for 
him. Her tears stained his shirt. Half an hour had passed. Her crying 
ceased and so did his concern.
"Why? Why do you care so much Tenchi?" Ryoko finally asked. Her voice 
was extremely hoarse from crying. 

He kissed her forehead lightly, while running his hand through her 
hair. A breeze had picked up and was tossing around her white skirt 
with the black stripe across the waist. She was barefoot and rubbed her 
feet together. 
"I have my reasons, Ryoko." 
"But you KISSED her! I saw you, Damn it!!!" She yelled, but his shirt 
muffled her voice. 
"No Ryoko, she kissed me." he spoke in a low voice that only she could 
hear. "Ayeka wanted me to choose her, I told her I couldn't. That I 
would never hurt you."
"But-"
"Shhhh. Your fine now. I don't love her Ryoko. I can't. You girls think 
that I can just-just choose whenever I want. It's not so easy. I have 
emotions too." Tenchi explained.  

Ryoko shuffled around in his grip, so that her back was rested against 
his chest. "Oh God, I hate it when you talk like that." She whispered.
 Tenchi laughed to himself. "Thank you, Ryoko."
"For what?" She asked, confused.
"For saving my life. I could've died." 
"I'm a professional." She answered jokingly. 
He smiled to himself. 'It's either now or never.' He thought to 
himself. "Do you know why I don't love her, Ryoko?" Ryoko turned her 
head, so she looked up at him. 
She shook her head. "No." she replied. He smiled. 
"Because I love somebody else. Do you know who I love?" "No."  
Ryoko answered in a hoarse voice. He brought his face extremely close 
to her lips, and when his lips rushed against hers, he whispered. 
"You." (What did you expect him to say? Ryo-ohki?) 
Then, he let his lower lip rest in her mouth. They exchanged  
hot air for a minimum of seconds. Ryoko couldn't hold herself back any 
longer. She kissed him, passionately.
She wrapped her arm around his neck, holding them there, and then 
pulling him hard, more into the kiss. It wasn't before long when he 
started to respond. His tongue flirted with her lips. She smiled and 
laughed lightly in between breaths. He wrapped his strong arms around 
her waist and kneaded her thin stomach.
They stayed like that for minutes, until he finally pulled away, out of 
breath. "I love you, Tenchi." She said quietly. He kissed her forehead. 
"I love you too." He shifted himself to where his lips were resting on 
her collarbone.  
 
Before Tenchi knew where he was, they were on the rafters. He closed 
his eyes as Ryoko pulled a blanket over them. She pulled the thick, 
wool blanket up to their chins. They were both barefoot, so they 
couldn't have gotten anymore comfortable. They had been there for at 
least half an hour. Laying alone, both of their eyes closed. They had 
fallen asleep, before any of them knew what had happened.
He spotted a note that said Yosho apologized for his behavior, and had 
taken everyone out for breakfast at a nice restaurant. Ayeka signed it 
with a big flourish on the A. 
Tenchi lips were resting on her forehead as her hands were rested 
warmly against his chest. Her eyes flickered open, tickling Tenchi with 
her long lashes. Ryoko slid out of his grip, hesitantly, and jumped 
onto the floor, landing gracefully on her toes. She spun around and 
gave bunny ears, winking to him.
She bounded towards the window, staring at the sky outside. Suddenly, 
she noticed something. "Tenchi! Come here! It's snowing outside, look 
look!!! Come here! Hurry!"
Tenchi sprung to the floor, stumbling sleepily, but catching his fall 
and ran up next to her. "It's so beautiful." She whispered, captivated 
by the silk flakes falling from the clouds.  
 
"Yeah, it is." Tenchi agreed. 
Ryoko spun towards him. "Lets go outside!" She yelped excitedly.
"But Ryoko, it's only snowing. There's no snow on the ground." He 
explained matter-o-factly.
"Oh who cares?! Grab your boots! "Cause I'm going outside, and I'm not 
going outside alone either!" She grabbed his collar, her thumbs under 
the collar, tugging softly. 
Tenchi sighed, giving in to her. "Oh, OK."
Ryoko's smile widened. "YESSSS!!!" 
He sighed, remembering himself lifting her up on his shoulders, and 
running around as she waved at the camera playfully. "Lemme grab my 
jacket." 
Ryoko laughed and jumped onto his shoulders, catching him off guard. 
"Hey! What are you-" he asked, jolted by her leap onto his shoulders. 
"Screw your jacket! Come ON!" She whispered into his ear. Ryoko kissed 
his ear, which made them ring. She smiled to herself as he ran outside 
with her on his shoulders. 
"HEY! Wanna hear a dirty joke?!" she screamed into the wind. 
"YEAH! WHY NOT?" He yelled back. She began laughing, as if the joke had 
already been told.  
 
"SO THIS DUCK WALKS INTO A BAR AND ASKS TO SEE THE MANAGER, AND HE-" 
She screamed at the small flakes of snow catching in her hair and 
eyelashes. And that's how they spent the rest of the afternoon. 
Crashing into the thin layers of snow on the ground, just barely 3 or 4 
inches. He fell into the snow, throwing her off his shoulders.
Smiling, even Tenchi had to laugh at the jokes. Such a weight was 
lifted off his shoulders, he didn't even care if Ayeka saw them or not. 
He closed his eyes and breathed in the sharp, cold air. Opening them, 
he noticed Ryoko sitting next to him, obviously not realizing she had 
gotten off of his shoulders. 
Right then and there, he took the time to notice her features. Her deep 
amber eyes, her spiky, short, cyan hair. Snowflakes had landed on her 
eyelashes, melting and wetting them with the icy water. He gently 
cupped her face with his cold palm, and kissed her lightly, soaking in 
the warmth. 
Ryoko, getting bored with the current placement, pushed him into the 
snow and rested her head on his chest, captivated by his heartbeat. She 
closed her eyes as he began to smooth her hair back with his hands. 
"Ryoko?" Tenchi whispered softly, staring at the silver sky.
"Mmm hmm?"
"Why.do you.well, love me so much?"
Ryoko stuck her tongue out at him. "You're going to have to catch me 
before I tell you." Tenchi rolled his eyes and raised one eyebrow, 
amused. The pirate hopped up, hands behind her back. She had just begun 
to notice how cold it was. 
She felt the frozen ice on her arms and legs and touched the soaked 
blouse and skirt. A fierce wind picked up, nipping her face. She 
clenched her teeth and looked to the house. Her teeth chattered as she 
hugged herself. 
"Ryoko. Ryoko?" Ryoko rocked back to her senses. "Let's go inside. You 
look like you're freezing, and you can't get sick now."
Tenchi, again, picked her up, cradling her like a baby. 
"That's.why I love you so much" She whispered, clung to his shirt. 
Tenchi stood there for a while, staring into the wind. 
"Damn it's cold." He snapped at the wind, like he was punishing it for 
being so brutal to her.
She teleported themselves back to the rafters. She stepped into the 
kitchen, rummaging through cabinets and drawers. She returned with a 
small cup of sake. 
"Here. We'll share." She flew up and sat next to him, covering both 
their laps with the wool blanket as they sat up against the pillows. 
Taking a sip, he breathed out, feeling the hot steam on his face. She 
leaned over and kissed the corner of his lips. 
As she rested her head on his shoulder, he thought of the future. 
Tenchi thought to himself. 'Would it last?...I am so stupid sometimes. 
I'm such a retard. I hope nothing happens though. We don't need anymore 
crap.' 
"Tenchi?"
"Yeah?"
"Hush. I can hear your thoughts all the way in my head."
Tenchi startled, almost dropped the sake. "You can read my mind?!"
"No, but I just want you to hush. Your breathing gets fast when you 
think to much." She smiled at him warmly and tapped his lips. He 
smiled. He leaned over and kissed her smoothly. She weaved her fingers 
through his hair. He caressed her cheek with one hand and laid the cup 
of sake on the windowsill with the other hand. After doing that, he 
wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her closer to him. 
'Of course it'll last.'

THANKS! Hoped you like it! If you hate it, then MST it or something. 
Peace :)
