     Washu opened the dimensional doorway and stopped.  The house was quiet, which it 
definitely hadn't been when she went into her lab to prepare for the next recording session.  
She closed the door softly and started searching room-by room.  What she discovered was:

           Mihoshi was snoring her way through a nap on the sofa.
           Ryoko was snoring her way through a nap on her rafter.
           Funaho and Yosho were deep in conversation in the kitchen.
           Ayeka and Sasami (and Ryo-ohki) were sleeping in their room.
           Nobuyuki was still at work, as usual.

     She finally located Tenchi outside on the deck, wearing an overcoat and shoveling snow.  
She snitched one of his heavy sweaters, donned it, and passed through the sliding glass door.  
Tenchi had not shoveled the snow here yet, and she tried to step in his footprints as she 
moved to join him.  He turned, his face windblown and hair disheveled, but his smile was 
warm.  She stood in front of him, unbuttoned his coat, and slid her arms inside the flaps 
and around his ribs for warmth.  She didn't say anything, just kissed him long and 
passionately, finally nibbling on his neck before putting her head on his shoulder.  "Thank 
God you're ok."
     "Surely you remained the voice of reason and objectivity the whole time?"
     "It's very hard for my brain to remain objective when my heart is screaming in panic.  
I was so worried about you."
     "And I'm worried about you -- you aren't really dressed warm enough to be out here."
     She smiled.  "It's only my back that's cold."
     "This coat isn't big enough to hold two people."
     "So improvise."  He did; suddenly he was wrapping a blanket across them.  "Where did 
that come from?"
     "I summoned it."
     "You what?"
     "I teleported it from my room."
     She leaned back to look into his eyes.  "How long have you been able to do that?"
     He frowned.  "It just came to me."
     "What else can you do?"
     Tenchi shrugged.  "Well, I can move really, really fast...but you already knew that."  
He smiled and kissed her forehead.  "But I do see hints and possibilities in my mind."
     Washu rolled her eyes and put her head back on his shoulder.  "And I can see that the 
next few years are going to be truly interesting ones.  You'd better plan on some long 
visits to my lab."
     "Your lab or your bedroom?"
     "Both."  She was quiet for a while, warm and contented, thinking about the last few 
days.  "Tenchi, you were able to scan all of us during that link, weren't you?"
     "Yes."
     "Could you read our minds?"
     "Nope.  It didn't work that way."  Her relief was obvious.  "Why?  Are you disappointed?"
     "No...it's just that everyone has some secrets to keep, and I'd like to keep mine."
     Tenchi shrugged.  "I have no problem with that."
     That's what she loved most about him: he was so willing to accept them, without 
reservations.  She hugged him, just because it felt so damn good.  "So, what's this mental 
rapport like?"
     "Well, it's not telepathy, nor even empathy, but some form of character assessment or 
clairvoyant profiling.  I can only communicate if I have a link established, but I can send 
Power through that link.  I was able to affect the other person's moods to some extent.  And 
I learned that intimate contact was possible...no matter who initiates it."
     "I think you're going to find that change in awareness very useful in the future.  
Particularly when it come to negotiating with diplomats and politicians."  And then a 
mischievous grin crossed her face.  "And speaking of negotiating, just how do you intend to 
deal with five horny women, anyway?  Are you going to draw names each night?"
     "No, actually I was thinking of a rotating schedule, spending a week at a time with 
each of you.  That way we can make adjustments for illnesses and absences."
     "That's not a bad answer."
     "Funaho says our wing of the palace will have six suites, so there should be ample room 
for privacy."
     Her head snapped up, and she gave him a suspicious look.  "What do need *six* bedrooms 
for?"
     "Well, I need an office, and some place to store my clothes,"  he answered innocently.
     "I suppose that makes sense."
     "I can honestly say that there will be no more women in my life, if that's what you're 
worried about," Tenchi said.  "I'm going to have my hands full as it is -- why would I want
anyone else?"  He kissed her, and nudged her head back onto his shoulder.  "I know there is 
going to be some jealousy and competition -- at least for a while -- but I trust that you 
ladies will adjust.  And I know that this whole arrangement can't be really comfortable for 
any you."
     "It's not," she confirmed, "but it definitely beats the alternative.  Not one of us will 
willingly give you up.  And your part in this isn't going to be easy, either, you know.  
You're going to have to fight the tendency to play favorites -- unless it's me, of course."  
She was only half-kidding.
     "There won't be any favoritism.  Each of you is unique, and each of you is very special.  
That's why I couldn't choose one over the others."  And then he added softly, "And I would 
rather die than give up any one of you."
     It was a sincere statement of fact, bereft of bravado, and it brought a lump to her 
throat and tears to her eyes.  Oh yes, she decided, this one was *definitely* worth the wait.  
One-fifth of him was worth more than all the others combined.  She nuzzled his neck for a 
bit, and then another thought occurred to her.  "Tenchi?  Since Yosho and I have both reverted 
to our true forms, isn't it time you did the same?"
     "If you mean what I think you mean, you may not be able to handle it."
     "Try me."
     So he did.  He had been keeping his Power restricted, muted, to shield those around him 
from its true intensity.  He pushed his internal 'throttle' all the way to 'fourth gear', 
and let it radiate unhindered.  He saw the Emblem of Power reflected in her eyes as it snapped 
into place on his brow.  Washu gasped and went rigid, her fingers digging holes into his 
back.  Concerned, he returned to 'whisper mode.'  She leaned away from him, staring at him 
wide-eyed.
     It took her a few moments of deep breathing to regain her composure.  "My God, that was 
like being immersed in pure aphrodisiac.  Talk about primal reactions!  Right now I have an 
overwhelming desire to drag you to the nearest bed and start our honeymoon two months early.  
You'd better keep that pheromone-flavored aura under lock-and-key until we build some 
immunity to it."
     "I thought it might come in handy over the next few months," he said, grinning slyly.
     "Then you'd better start conserving your strength, because you're sure going to need it."
     "I think I can rise to the challenge."
     She groaned at the pun.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Tenchi spoke: "I wish my great-grandfather a long and happy life, and an equally long 
and prosperous reign.  I have no wish to Challenge him; I would much rather learn from him, 
and serve the throne in whatever manner best suits my abilities.
     "My wives and I will welcome all guests to our home with open arms.  We find greater 
security in friendship than in martial prowess.  However, we would also issue a warning to 
anyone attempting to interfere in our homelife: such an act will be considered a Challenge 
and treated accordingly."
     Though Tenchi's posture was casual, his mindset was not.  His awareness turned inward, 
and once again he mentally engaged his 'engine' and put himself in idle.  The Emblem of 
Power flashed into visibility on his brow, and a moment later the Lighthawk Wings sparkled 
into existence and hovered in the air before him.  With a growing sense of excitement, he 
directed Power into the Wings and *shifted*:

     First Gear - the Wings shuddered and thickened, swelling as Power poured into them.
     Second Gear - the Wings broadened and brightened, blossoming under the increasing flood.
     Third Gear - the Wings continued to expand outwards, as the flood increased to a torrent.
     Fourth Gear - the Wings had doubled in size, and throbbed with internal fire.

     Power cascaded through Tenchi with a satisfying roar, but the backwash of energy was 
having a profound effect on the galactics behind him.  Where females of many species signal 
their interest with subtle clues of sound and fragrance, males often respond with resplendent 
plumage or kaleidoscopic displays.  So, too, with human Adepts: the sheer intensity of the 
Power radiating from Tenchi bespoke his suitability and dominance in a game as old as time.  
Weak-limbed and gasping, they succumbed to the primordial cues hard-wired into their brains.  
Ayeka's, Mihoshi's, Ryoko's, and Washu's own Power attributes activated in response, 
synchronizing with his; they became immobilized.  Sasami was not so affected, having yet to 
pass through puberty, but even her immature Juraian genes felt a strong stirring.  
     Tenchi recognized their distress almost immediately, and opened mind links with all of 
them.  With much fluttering of eyelids and shaking of heads, they threw off the paralyzing 
effects of his turbulence.  Yet, they remained entrained to him, sharing their own faculties 
in a two-way exchange.  The air in the lab roiled visibly.
     The Wings hung in the air in their Y-shaped configuration.  Tenchi stepped forward and 
*through* the lowest blade.  As he emerged a glistening fog settled around him, crystallizing 
rapidly into glowing body armor. Tenchi stepped forward two paces, and turned, calling to 
Ryoko through his link.

     T<Ryoko, will you follow me?>
     R<Are you sure?>
     T<Trust me.>

     She did, implicitly.  She walked forward and stepped into the blade.  She emerged on 
the far side, and looked down to see the glowing fog solidifying around her limbs.  As her 
Lighthawk Armor took shape, she moved to join Tenchi.  She embraced his right arm, all the 
while marveling at the lightness and flexibility of her glowing carapace.

     T<Ayeka? Will you join me?>
     A<Yes, Beloved, I'm coming.>

     Ayeka stepped through the blade, head held high as befits a Princess.  Her aura 
shimmered and settled as the Lighthawk Armor condensed.  She strode to Tenchi's left side 
and grasped his hand, squeezing it. 

     T<Mihoshi? Will you come with me?>
     M<Of course!>

     Mihoshi stepped carefully through the blade, trying to avoid stumbling and ruining such 
a dramatic moment.  She, too, was soon cloaked in her own Lighthawk Armor and she walked 
gracefully over to stand beside Ayeka.

     T<Washu?  Will you join me?>
     W<Yes, Tenchi>

     And Washu stepped through the blade, scrutinizing the Armor that contracted around her.  
She noted that all five suits pulsed subtly in the same rhythm (Tenchi's heartbeat).  She 
walked over to stand next to her daughter.

     T<Sasami? Will you come, too?>
     S<Oh, Boy!>

     Sasami leaped through the blade, landing lightly and effortlessly.  However, the glowing 
mist did not coalesce into full battle armor; instead, she found herself wearing a 
diminutive breastplate and girdle, an elegant tiara, and carrying an elaborate scepter.  She 
ran over to stand in front of Tenchi, chin in the air and eyes sparkling.
     They all looked into the camera. "We are the Hand of Jurai," Tenchi stated.  "We can be 
opened in friendship, or clenched in anger.  The decision is yours."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     "That was quite impressive," Yosho said.  The whole family was sitting around the dinner 
table.  They had all adjusted their seats to face the large screen in the air behind Washu.  
Her fingers rested lightly on the shadow keyboard below the screen, controlling the video 
they had been watching.  The image frozen on the screen was that of Tenchi and his entourage, 
encased in Lighthawk Armor and looking very determined.  Everyone's Armor had a different 
look to it, although there was plenty of commonality.
     The script for Tenchi's speech had been their first conjugal effort, and it had 
contained a contribution from each of them.  However, dressing each of the ladies in 
Lighthawk Armor had been Tenchi's improvisation, a spur-of-the moment inspiration he was 
now regretting.  "We look like Power Rangers," he snorted.  
     "I think we look more like the Knight Sabers," Mihoshi said.  "Definitely more stylish 
than Galaxy Police hardsuits."
     "At least we had good solid footwear, not some ridiculous high-heeled monstrosities," 
Ayeka said.
     "Why is mine so different?" Sasami asked.  "And where did that scepter come from?"
     Tenchi smiled. "The scepter was a gift from Tsunami, so you'll need to ask her about it.  
You aren't an adult yet, so no combat armor for you.  But you are also my betrothed, and I 
wanted to include you.  Actually, I thought you looked very pretty, Sasami."
     "Hey, I like my Armor," Ryoko said. "Tenchi, did you design it?"  
     "Nope.  You did."
     "Huh?" five voices chorused.
     "I used the same quantum pattern for all of us.  However, it must also tap into the 
wearer's mind somehow,  since it changes to fit body size and shape.  Frankly, I don't know."
     "The pattern is interactive?" Washu asked excitedly.  Tenchi shrugged and nodded, and 
Washu started typing furiously onto her keyboard.  "I suppose that applies to the Lighthawk 
Sword, as well?"
     "Yes.  When I used it this morning, I sensed that it had quite a list of functions 
built into it.  One of those was the slicing beam I somehow activated during my duel with 
Kagato.  No wonder the Souja was cut in half."
     Washu was cackling quietly while entering data into her terminal, all the while wearing 
that Sherlock-Homes-on-the-case look of intense concentration.  Her fingers stopped dancing 
with a flourish.  "I think we're going to have some really interesting research in the near 
future."
     "I think we'd better concentrate more on the weddings for now," Funaho said.
     "'We?' I take it you have decided to stay?"
     "Yes, Yosho, I feel I should remain here.  I think I need to spend some quality time 
with my family."
     "Alright!" Sasami cheered, and ran around the table to give her half-mother a hug.  
Ayeka giggled, but nodded approvingly.
     "However, I will need to communicate with my secretary aboard my ship.  I am compiling 
quite a list of instructions for him.  We'll have to send a courier 'bot back to Jurai in 
the near future."
     "Including these videos?"  Washu asked.
     "Especially these videos," Funaho answered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Washu was standing quietly on the dock, watching the waves lap against the side of 
Funaho's shuttle.  She was lost in thought, so doesn't notice right away when Tsunami 
shimmers in visibility beside her.
     "A beautiful morning, isn't it?" Tsunami asked.
     "Yes, it is," Washu replied.
     "Waiting for Lady Funaho?"
     "Yes."
     Washu seems uncommunicative, but Tsunami was patient.  She paused a while before 
speaking.  "You really love Tenchi, don't you?"
     "Yes.  Deeply.  Desperately, even."
     "I'm having trouble with this concept.  It is so new to me."
     "How does Sasami feel about him?"
     "A great attachment.  But is this the same love that you feel?"
     "Not yet.  Give her a few more years, and then you'll experience it.  He seems to have
the same effect on all of us."
     "Perhaps not all of us, or perhaps not so profoundly."  Tsunami indicated Funaho 
walking down the dock towards them.
     "Am I interrupting a conversation?" Funaho asked when she joined them.
     "No, we were just discussing emotions," Washu answered.
     "Oh?  Which emotions?"
     "Love."
     "And fear.  I sense your fear, too, Washu."
     "Are you two linked together?" Funaho asked, eyebrow raised.
     "No, but we share a common history," Washu replied.
     Funaho acknowledge the remark by raising the other eyebrow.  "Just what are you afraid 
of, Washu?"
     "Lady Funaho, obviously I have not been exaggerating Tenchi's Power potentials.  He 
will truly be the strongest Adept in the galaxy.  And that is not counting the gestalt
structure he is building with his wives.  What scares me the most is not his potentials, or 
even the machinations of his rivals, but that historically whenever someone develops an 
awesome weapon it inevitable draws an even more awesome threat."
     "Lady Tokimi," Tsunami whispered.
     "Yes, Lady Tokimi."  Washu and Tsunami exchange a long, meaningful look, which Funaho 
caught.
     "Who is Lady Tokimi?"
     "What do you know about trans-dimensional entities?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        E P I L O G U E
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Yosho walked slowly around the lake in front of the Masaki house.  It was one of those 
hot, muggy days so common in late August, when the air was turgid and the breezes sparse.  
The sun poked holes in the green canopy above him, the birds chirped and sang to their own 
purposes, and the soft drone of insects offered counterpoint to the rustling leaves.  White-
hot diamonds sparkled off the lake, the occasional dragonfly zig-zagged around the banks, 
and the waves slapped the shore with their ceaseless message.
     This was not an aimless stroll, so much as it was a casual one.  Yosho was in no hurry,
and the robot courier that hovered over the dock would wait patiently for him.  It looked 
like nothing so much as a bus-length section of sewer pipe, two meters in diameter and made 
of shiny white metal, both ends capped with sensors and engines.  He reached the dock and 
started along it, the warm smell of sun-drenched wood wafting up to his nostrils.  His kimono 
rolled around his legs like a swinging temple bell.
     He stopped next to the 'bot and issued the commands that would open its cargo hatch.  It 
scanned him briefly, matching his mental and astral signatures against its memory files.  
While he waited for the 'bot to complete its confirmation, Yosho looked back at the house.  
It was silent now, empty but not abandoned.  Tenchi and his family had been on Jurai for 
over a year; but these last four months Nobuyuki had been dating a widow with two young 
children, and they had become frequent weekend guests.  The children often referred to him 
as 'Grandpa,' which he took a nostalgic delight in.  And, of course, there was the occasional 
galactic visitor dropping in to visit Crown Prince Yosho.  He was still wrestling with that 
title, since he had relinquished it to Tenchi many years ago -- only to find out from one of 
the visiting botanists that his Royal Tree could, in fact, be made flyable again.  (An act 
of unbelievable generosity and kindness -- at least, unbelievable for her -- Ryoko had 
insisted that Yosho retain her two jewels until "something else can be worked out."  They 
were still affixed to the hilt of the tenchi-ken, which he kept locked away in his quarters. 
And they still provided life-sustaining energy to his Royal Tree.)  He could return Home, 
and thus accede to his father's wishes.  Tenchi, for the most part, was as supportive of 
that idea as he was of his father's new romantic interest.  This house had witnessed much 
healing in the last few years.  It was becoming more and more apparent that his life (and 
Nobuyuki's) were no longer anchored to the graves on the hill.  Perhaps it was finally time 
to move on.
     His reverie was interrupted by a soft cough as the hatch opened.  The internal lights 
flickered on, and Yosho leaned over to inspect the cargo.  There was a handful of packages 
within -- two of them quite large -- and a bundle of letters.  Many bore the pressed-wax 
seal of the Imperial House, the remainder were addressed to him and Nobuyuki in handwritten 
script.  The former would require some careful examination, while the latter would get the 
immediate attention.  Yosho gathered the entire shipment, heaved it out of the bay, and 
ordered the hatch sealed (he had forgotten to do that once before, and he had nearly shipped 
a half-starved squirrel off to Jurai).  He readjusted the load in his arms, and started for 
the house.
     Yosho placed the packages on the dining room floor, the mail on the table, and himself 
into one of the chairs.  Then he started sorting items into a pile for himself and a pile 
for his son-in-law.  Not surprisingly, he got the bulk of the mail.  The envelope that 
caught his eye first, and piqued his curiosity the most, was from his mother (her 
handwriting was unmistakable).  He opened it slowly and methodically, ever true to his 
habits.  

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Dear Yosho,

     There are few calm moments here, as you may well imagine, but today is a special 
occasion and I felt motivated to spend a few moments in quiet reflection.
     Today marks the anniversary of Tenchi's arrival on Jurai, and I must say the palace 
has not been the same since.
     One year ago we landed at the capitol spaceport complex, to a totally unexpected -- and
huge! -- crowd of well-wishers and glad-handers, all waiting to see the young prince and his 
entourage.  They were not disappointed.  Tenchi strode through the crowds with a well-
rehearsed polish, with his new wives (Ryoko, Washu, and Mihoshi) walking very proudly behind
him.  And behind them came Ayeka and Sasami and I, arm-in-arm and smiling at the crowd.  Your 
half-sisters were very happy to be home, and were completely overwhelmed by their reception.  
Misaki and Azusa were waiting in the terminal for them, in a private salon, and the reunion 
was tearful and emotional.  Tenchi, for the most part, remained very stoic about the whole 
experience, having his hands full keeping his brides (particularly Ryoko) well behaved.  It 
was a tentative first step, but an encouraging one.
     You already know the details of Ayeka's wedding, and Sasami's subsequent Betrothal 
Banquet, so I need not repeat them here.  But as part of the overall pattern, they marked 
the watershed.  Tenchi's family has finally settled into a comfortable pattern, and his 
brides moved into the supporting roles they occupy today.
     I mentioned Ryoko; I must say, I like her, Yosho.  Once past the initial wariness, she 
blossoms like a wildflower.  She takes her role as Tenchi's bodyguard extremely seriously, 
and he never leaves the palace without her.  She settled into my security team quite nicely, 
once they gave her the latitude to express her opinions and act accordingly.  I find it very 
comforting to know that in every photograph published of him to-date, she is either holding 
his hand or looking over his shoulder.  And she is very sharp, too; nothing escapes her 
notice.  She is growing into a formidable security agent.  And she and Mihoshi have been 
sneaking away on little "errands" for me from time-to-time (when such missions don't conflict 
with their domestic schedule), with some pretty spectacular results.  Ryoko is also getting 
favorable attention from the military.  Recently, Tenchi had been invited to speak at the 
Naval Academy.  But he stood at the podium just long enough to introduce her and then sat 
down, leaving the audience somewhat flustered.  They were even more aghast when she started 
critiquing certain border deployments.  Her assessments were challenged, naturally; she 
countered, and the issue was only resolved in the simulators -- in her favor.  While the 
senior staff merely scoffed, the mid-level staff officers quickly recognized her potential 
and have been courting her ever since.  And when she and Tenchi were invited to the annual 
Army-Navy fencing tournament, they put on a very impressive exhibition:  Ryoko demonstrated 
her full repertoire of talents, and Tenchi unleashed that blinding speed and his own 
consummate skills (which I am proud to say that he learned from you).  I hear the match 
ended when Tenchi disarmed her, she grappled him to the floor, and then he pulled her into 
a passionate kiss that received thunderous applause.  They had to pry Ryoko off of him, to 
even more cheers.
     Ayeka divides her time between her husband and her father, and relishes the position 
she has assumed at court.  Tenchi says very little during most council meetings, and I wager 
Ayeka spends a great deal of time coaching and explaining some of the intricacies of 
political maneuvering to him.  She has been approached by several publishing houses eager 
to discuss the details of her Rescue Mission.  Since it has ended in such a spectacular 
success, there is a general consensus that it could be an instant best seller in either 
novelized or serial formats.  She usually brushes off their representatives with her regret 
that she didn't keep a diary, or that Ryu-oh's log was destroyed in the crash.  Having spent
time among common people (or closer to commoners, at least), getting her hands dirty and 
seeing the struggles that they face daily, she has assumed the role of spokesperson for 
quite a number of social and environmental concerns.  The liberal press and the Loyal 
Opposition have been remarkably tame addressing her participation, but the directors and 
administrators of the various organizations are absolutely delighted.  And while Ayeka would 
never publicly disagree with her father, they have had many private discussions on these 
topics.  And, of course, being the wife of the future emperor, she is assumed to be 
discussing her opinions with her husband.  She can be most persuasive, or so I'm told.
     Mihoshi was quickly reassigned as liaison to my office, and I put her to instant use 
by pairing her with Ryoko.  They are good for each other, really, and I can see a bond 
building between them.  Several red-faced base commanders have been given copies of her 
security debriefings, and the reputation of this pair is growing.  They appear to be 
enjoying these trips immensely (Tenchi even snuck along on one of their missions, but Ayeka 
threw an imperial hissy fit when she found out about it).  She has become quite the darling 
of the Galaxy Police Public Relations Department.  It's not hard to see why: the Marshall's 
granddaughter rescued by the emperor's great-grandson, which results in True Romance and a 
marriage proposal.  I guess a large stack of damage reports and complaints lodged against 
her have conveniently disappeared or been quietly paid-off.   I had the pleasure of meeting 
most of her family at their wedding.  They are a charming lot, well placed politically and 
quite wealthy.  They are not of Great House caliber; still, Mihoshi's grandfather is using 
his own position -- and now her status -- as bargaining points with some of the guilds.  I 
say Good Luck to him.
     Washu is less reclusive than she used to be.  She divides her time between her post at 
the Academy and her newly-acquired family.  She doesn't appear to be very enthusiastic about 
her teaching duties these days, or even her modest research efforts; doubtless it has 
something to do with the majority of administrators and faculty being the same breed of 
opportunistic vulture as their predecessors.  The current Board members seem much more eager
to exploit her publicity potentials than any real contributions she could make.  I don't 
look for her to remain at the Academy much longer.  As for her home life, she and Ryoko will 
often be found puttering around in her lab, or she will accompany Tenchi out to the practice 
field for some new test of his growing Power capabilities.  She seems far less content to be 
alone than she used to be -- perhaps she is trying to reacquaint herself with the human race.  
     Sasami seems the least-affected by the relocation.  I have heard many comments about 
how poised and confident she appears.  She spends her days with her tutors, and divides her 
evenings between our wing of the palace and Tenchi's (she has a suite there that she and 
Misaki have been decorating, but when she stays the night it is either with Ayeka or Ryoko).  
She insisted on a kitchen being added to the common area, and she keeps it well stocked and 
well used.  Her laughter can often be heard ringing through the hallways -- such a wonderful 
sound! -- and she and Ryo-ohki are as inseparable as ever.  I hear she still suffers from 
occasional nightmares, but it doesn't appear to have affected her overmuch; and we have all
been the target of her practical jokes -- especially Tenchi.  It is fortunate for her that 
he is such a good sport.
     And Tenchi himself: your grandson is an extremely impressive young man.  You have much 
to be proud of, Yosho.  He rarely loses his temper, is quick to laugh, and seems utterly 
unconcerned when his wives are arguing (I hear they used to get carried away and frequently 
damaged the house, but when tempers flare now it rarely takes more than a word or two from 
him and the participants back-off or take it outside).  True to his word, he shows no 
favorites and dotes over all of them.  They adore him.  The one time I have ever seem him 
truly furious was during a Privy Council meeting, when Baron Seriyu made some snide comment 
that was blatantly insulting to Ayeka (his son was once a contender for her hand, you'll 
recall).  Tenchi leaped to his feet even as his Power level soared into what he calls 
"fourth gear."  The Emblem on his forehead was so bright that you couldn't even look at his 
face, and the Power spike that erupted was felt by Adepts all over the capitol.  He vaulted 
over the conference table and went nose-to-nose with the Baron, demanding an instant 
retraction.  He was so angry, and so energized, that the air around him seemed to boil.
The Baron managed to squeak out a tolerable apology, but then embarrassed himself even 
further by emptying his bladder.  Tenchi graciously accepted the apology and withdrew, 
fortunately, since the Baron's clothing was beginning to smolder.  Tenchi returned to his 
chair, but not without failing to beg forgiveness from his great-grandfather for interrupting 
the meeting over 'personal matters' (Azusa was utterly speechless).  As tempers cooled we 
began to notice a few things: every window in the room had shattered outwards, there were 
scorch marks on the ceiling over the Baron's seat, and in the midst of the confrontation 
Ryoko had teleported over to the door and stood barring it with brandished sword.  The look 
in her eyes was death itself -- one word from her husband and the decapitations would have 
commenced.  The details of this episode echoed through many a baronial council room (and the 
media rumormill) for weeks; Tenchi's stature was raised yet another notch.  Incidentally, he 
has yet to be issued a single Challenge -- to his vast relief.
     Oh, Yosho, how I wish you were.  The palace has never felt so vibrant!  Tenchi and his 
ladies fill their wing with constant music and laughter and bickering and activities -- in 
short, it is full of life.  For instance, there is a daily ritual that Tenchi's wives are 
loath to miss: Tea Time.  They all gather in the common area and watch their favorite soap 
opera, munching on snacks and discussing the convoluted plot quirks endlessly.  Which gives 
Tenchi the opportunity to sneak off to his garden so he can commune with nature or schmooze
with the groundskeepers.  Afterwards they stalk him like a pack of wolves, dragging him off 
to the onsen, or kitchen, or even shopping.  On one such occasion I witnessed Ayeka and 
Mihoshi leading a reluctant Tenchi down to the Ballroom, with Ryoko floating behind, and 
Washu and Sasami bringing up the rear.  The girls were all laughing and chattering, Tenchi 
groaned with resignation, and I couldn't resist the urge to tag along.  It seems that they 
had retained the services of a noted dance instructor, and they were eager to learn the 
latest dances.  Poor Tenchi was exhausted by the time lesson was over, but it was an 
absolutely hilarious hour.
     You'll notice that in the portraits that accompany this letter, Washu hasn't started to 
show, yet.  When her little bombshell hit the media, Tenchi's other wives were barraged with 
questions (after all, this child becomes first in the Line of Succession).  Ayeka made the 
classiest statement ("It just demonstrates our husband's generosity that he would not deny 
any of us our heart's desire.") and Ryoko made the most direct reply ("I'm happy for her -- 
naturally! -- and this way Tenchi's parenting skills will be fine-tuned by the time I need 
them").  Privately, they are all thrilled, and without exception have stated that if that's 
what Washu wants, fine -- but they're not ready for motherhood yet.  Many evenings of late 
have been spent gathered in Washu's suite decorating the nursery, drinking and snacking, and 
teasing Tenchi.
     The botanist that Washu dispatched to Earth returned with encouraging news.  Your Royal 
Tree can be regenerated.  That is truly heartening news, and it even brought a smile to your 
father's face.  I trust that your response will be favorable; we are already gathering the 
necessary equipment and personnel for the task.  I know of your reluctance, my son, but your 
duties --and your family -- are here on Jurai.  We want you to return, and we will all support 
you against any lingering discontent.  Just look at what Tenchi has accomplished: he's only 
1/8 Juraian, and one of his wives wreaked catastrophic damage on the capitol centuries ago, 
but he has been welcomed with open arms.  You will be, too.

Love, 

      Mother
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

     Portraits?  Yosho decided that the two largest packages must be the indicated portraits, 
and reached for them.  They were each tightly wrapped in packing material, sealed against 
jostling and all manner of accidents and mishandling.  He peeled the material easily off the
first one, and set it upon one of the chairs, stepping back to study it.
     It was a photograph of Tenchi and his family, doubtless the official 'sanitized' version 
released for public consumption.  Each of the subjects had been strategically positioned and 
dressed for maximum psychological value -- it had Funaho's fingerprints all over it:

           Tenchi sat in the center, providing the focal point for the entire group.  He 
            was dressed in a conservative business suit of sumptuous fabric, tailored to his
            broad shoulders.  Around his neck he wore the medallion bestowed upon him during 
            his knighting ceremony.  His smile was open and honest.  To Yosho's eyes, he 
            looked much like his mother, but some of his father's heavier jawline was 
            apparent as well.  He had the bearing of confidence and vigor so typical of the 
            young.

           In front of Tenchi sat Sasami, wearing very petite and feminine robes that 
            enhanced the pink of her eyes and the blue of her hair.  Her smile was mischievous, 
            and her eyes were partially closed as though contemplating the appropriate prank 
            to pull upon the viewer.  Upon her lap sat Ryo-ohki in her quadruped form, bathed 
            and brushed and wearing the necklace that Tenchi had fastened around her neck the 
            night of his Graduation Ceremony.

           On Tenchi's right sat Ryoko, with her arms loosely wrapped around his elbow.  
            She wore a suit similar to her husband's, although cut differently to flatter 
            her breasts.  Glittering on her collar were the rank and insignia badges that 
            declared her allegiance to Funaho's intelligence and security network.  Her 
            cyan-colored hair was as haphazard and spiky as ever, but it framed the golden 
            eyes that considered the viewer as coolly as any predator contemplating its next  
            meal.  This was the Heir's strong right arm, and you had better take her seriously.

           Behind Tenchi's right shoulder stood Mihoshi, wearing her Galaxy Police dress 
            uniform, her hand placed upon his shoulder.  On her chest were the commendation 
            medals given to her for participating in the Kagato and Dr. Clay episodes.  Her 
            smile was wide and genuine, and her position next to Tenchi's ear spoke of 
            advice and 'gut feelings' passed along to the intuitive side of her husband's 
            brain.  That she also stood near Ryoko (the other half of Funaho's infamous 
            intelligence team) was a statement of solidarity between Juraian security and 
            interstellar law enforcement.

           Behind Tenchi's left shoulder stood Washu, swathed in the robes of a preceptor, 
            mirroring Mihoshi's posture.  She'd made no effort to control her long red hair,
            other than combing it.  It spilled across her shoulders like a mane, and her 
            head was canted slightly to the side, one eyebrow raised, as though inspecting 
            the viewer rather than the other way around.  She was obviously the source of 
            scientific and technological advice for the logical hemisphere of her husband's 
            brain.

           On Tenchi's left sat Ayeka, with her husband's left hand sandwiched between her
            own.  She wore the full finery of a member of the Juraian imperial family, 
            extravagant and richly embroidered.  She was the epitome of pomp and power, and 
            symbolized the lineage that extended for generations into the past.  She was 
            expressing confidence to the viewer that there would be no interruption in the 
            bloodline of the House of Jurai.  She sat closest to her husband's heart, and 
            thus represented his conscious.

     Yosho was quite impressed.  As an example of propaganda, it made quite a political 
statement.  However, this was not the image he carried in his heart.  That image was much 
more apparent in the second portrait, which must have been taken only moments after the 
first:

           Sasami and Ryo-ohki were both leaning backwards and twisted to the right, looking 
            upward and laughing.  Tenchi's wives were all leaning over to kiss their husband, 
            and all were flashing the knuckles of their left hand towards the viewer -- so 
            that the camera could record the magnificent wedding ring each wore.

           Tenchi's broad smile radiated contentment.  He had finally gotten his wish.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes

As is usual, I came late to the party.  I watched the 13 "Tenchi Muyo" OAV episodes with my 
youngest daughter (a teenager) and got hooked, and then discovered it is ten years old and 
out of fashion in Japan these days (summer, 2001).  It appears to be going through a twilight
period of sorts here in the States, but having watched a couple of the movies and some of 
the television episodes, I have to say a good story has been terribly diluted by all the 
mutations to other mediums.  How sad. 

So, call me a purist.  I'll stick with the OAVs, and mourn what might have been. 

This story takes place after the OAV series.  I've probably stretched the official storyline 
and canon concepts to the breaking point, but I intended merely to "flesh-out" some 
interesting threads and possibilities.  I hope I didn't do any serious damage. 

The characters of Tenchi Muyo were created by Hiroki Hayashi, and brought to North America 
by Pioneer LDC.  This story, while incorporating names and situations held under copyright 
by others, is copyright 2001 by Jeffery L. Harris. 

This story comes entirely from my imagination, and is not, nor intended to be, cannon.  
Please do not send the legions of lawyers after me...it's not worth their time, or mine. 

Any questions or comments should be directed to:

Jeffery L Harris
JLHOnami@aol.com
Subject: "And If I Fall"


