                               C U T   S C E N E S

* * * * * * * * * *

Being eight months pregnant had its advantages and disadvantages, or so Washu 
rediscovered.  Being constantly uncomfortable was the big disadvantage (she'd 
forgotten just how much); being given first pick of every choice spot was the big 
advantage.  After a period of trial-and-error, she had decided that one particular 
end of the sofa was about the coziest spot in the Common Area: it had the softest 
cushion, the firmest back, the best view of the video screen, and the closest 
proximity to the bathroom.  She staked her claim and no one contested it.

So here she was, sitting on her defacto throne, reading a book, and discreetly 
watching her daughter wander aimlessly through the small collection of rooms that 
served as the hub for their six suites.  The kitchen, the bathroom, the onsen -- 
Ryoko drifted through them all.  Finally curious about the cause, Washu closed her 
book with a sigh and set it on her lap.  "Ryoko, Dear, what's the problem?"

"I'm bored," Ryoko replied, sitting a full meter off the floor, her legs crossed 
tailor-fashion.  She had the remote control, and was randomly selecting channels.  
Nothing suited her.

"Well, where is everybody?"

"Tenchi's in his office, Ayeka and Sasami are stuck in some conference with their 
parents, and Mihoshi is at some GP function downtown.  I don't really have anything 
to do."

Washu set her book on the end-table, patted the empty cushion beside her, and invited
Ryoko to join her.  Ryoko did, floating across the room before settling onto the sofa.  
They each sat half-twisted, facing one another.  "It's not like living on Earth was, 
is it?" 

Ryoko shook her head.  Tenchi was in high school then, now he spent his mornings at 
one of the universities here on Jurai.  Many an afternoon was spent escorting her 
husband and his other wives to various ceremonial and political gatherings.  She was 
generally too busy to pay much attention -- she was fully engaged watching their backs.  
And when they were all in the palace, her boss (Tenchi's great-grandmother Funaho) 
often had a string of meetings and classes and training sessions for her to attend.  
But today, the schedule was absolutely empty.  And therefore dull.

"What are you reading?"

"One of Tenchi's text books.  He asked me to help him study, and I thought I'd go over 
the course material."

"How is it?"

"Pretty lame, if you ask me.  A lot of liberal clap-trap and the author''s private 
rants.  Just so much bilge.  I could do a better job, frankly."

"Then why don't you?"

That gave Washu pause.  "That's not a bad idea, Ryoko."

"For that matter, you could start a series of text books, for grade school though 
university."  She gestured towards her mother's abdomen.  "Seems to me that you have 
a ready test audience."

"That's a marvelous idea!  I'll have to give it some serious consideration."

There was a moment of silence. "Washu, can I ask you something?  It's kinda personal."

"GO ahead."

"Did you and Tenchi talk about having kids, before you got pregnant?"

"Yes, we did.  Without his approval and support, it wouldn't have happened."

"Don't you think it was rather soon?  I mean, we've only been married for a little 
over a year..."

"I've been waiting a long time, Ryoko.  Once I found the right man, I didn't want to 
wait any longer."

Ryoko nodded.  She knew all about waiting in general, and waiting-for-the-right-man 
in particular.  

Washu took Ryoko's hand and squeezed it gently.  "Have you and Tenchi discussed 
children?" 

Ryoko nodded slowly.  "Yes.  He thinks I'll make a good mother."

"So do I."  

Ryoko smiled at her.  "Thanks."  The smile faded.  "But I'm not sure we can have any."

"What makes you say that?"  Washu asked, frowning.

"Well, I spent all those years with Kagato, desperately hoping I wouldn't get 
pregnant, 
and the last year with Tenchi kinda hoping that I would get pregnant.  Nothing has 
happened.  I'm worried that nothing *can* happen."

Washu chuckled kindly.  "Nothing has happened because I disabled those functions when 
you were a child.  Once Tenchi freed us, I ran diagnostics on you to make sure that 
Kagato had never tampered with my blocks.  For whatever reason, he left them in place.  
So you can relax, My Dear: all of your plumbing is intact and accounted for."

Ryoko's face lit up, her smile radiant.  "Then you mean...?"

"Yes, just let me know when you're ready.  Twenty minutes in my lab will turn 
everything back 'on.'"

Ryoko leaned close and squeezed Washu's arm.  "Thanks, Mom."

Washu returned the gesture, feeling very content.  "I should warn you, though, that 
once it's done it's a permanent fix.  You'll be on birth control like Ayeka, Mihoshi 
and me."

"I think I can handle it," Ryoko beamed.

Washu nodded.  And then she felt movement across her abdomen.  She brought her hand 
(still grasping Ryoko's) up to her belly, and placed the back of her daughter's hand 
on top of the little ripple.  Ryoko's smile softened, and she giggled.  "Next time 
you and Tenchi discuss the subject, you should be able to answer him with some 
confidance."

"Discuss what subject?" Tenchi asked.  He was standing in his office door, arms 
outstretched in a yawn, a thick book in his left hand.  The two ladies turned and 
looked over their shoulders.  "Oh, I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting something?"

"No, Dear," Washu smiled.

Ryoko slid across the sofa and indicated the gap.  "Why don't you join us?"

Tenchi was mildly suspicious (past experience had proven this to be a prudent 
reaction), but he nodded and closed his office door.  He walked around the sofa and 
sat in the 
proffered space.   "What were you ladies talking about?"

"Children," Washu answered.  She placed his hand where Ryoko's had been, and he felt 
the movement, too.  He grinned.

"Tenchi, Washu says that I *can* have children.  Isn't that great!?"

"Well," he said, his tone of voice turning serious, "she has got a pretty good 
head-start on you..."  Washu poked him in the ribs.  "Ow!  What was that for?"

"For being droll when Ryoko is so excited," Washu replied. 

"I'm sorry, I was only teasing," he said to Ryoko.  She showed her forgiveness by 
kissing him.  "I think that's wonderful news.  But, I didn't think that you wanted a 
baby so soon."

"I'm not sure that I do.  But now I know that it's possible, which makes all the 
difference.  Oh, I'm so happy!."

"And I'm so tired."

"Just what do you have to be tired about?" Washu asked.

"This history text is slow going," he replied, indicating the book on his lap.  "I'm 
fighting sleep and a headache trying to wade through it.  And since my Juraian isn't 
fluent yet..."

"Maybe you need something to take your mind off of it for awhile," Ryoko suggested 
innocently.

"Yeah, maybe I do," Tenchi replied as rubbed the back of his neck.  He realized too 
late that he'd just fallen into a trap, as Ryoko's arms snaked around him, accompanied 
by her leacherous laughter.  He had no chance to resist before they disappeared.

Washu chuckled.  She knew where they were.  There was a muffled shout from behind the 
door to Ryoko's suite...doubtless the ever-conscientious Tenchi was trying to return 
to his study and his assignment.  He should have known better by now: his wives had 
spent the last year experimenting with Juraian marital customs, including ways to 
restrain their husband.  Ryoko favored brute strength and rope, Ayeka preferred the 
traditional manacles and chains, Mihoshi opted for disorienting him in her variable-
gravity bed, and Washu employed the accessories of her various costumes.  Tenchi 
couldn't escape via teleportation -- yet -- but he was getting very tolerant/patient/
devious, forcing his wives to be continuously creative.  She felt a twinge of envy 
when she heard the second yelp, but dismissed it -- she would have plenty of 
opportunities later.  It was her week, after all.

At least Ryoko wasn't bored any longer.

* * * * * * * * * *

Ayeka enjoyed these meetings.  It gave her an oportunity to leave the palace and 
visit Parliament.  The Parliamentary Campus was a collection of administrative 
buildings and historical structures dating back thousands of years, all centered 
around the tower that housed the Council Chamber.  The Council Chamber itself was an 
oval-shaped room dominated by an oval-shaped wooden table, the ring of chairs around 
the table, and the vaulted ceiling which capped the many fluted columns.  Windows 
filled the gaps between the columns, allowing natural light to mix with the overhead 
luminous strips.  The marble floor was kept polished and scuff-free, despite centuries 
of continuous use.  But permeating the room was the feeling of Authority, of decisions 
debated and decided for the billions of souls who populated the planets of the Juraian 
Empire.

Her father, Emperor Asuza, traditionally sat in the middle on one side of the table, 
flanked by his wives.  The Heir Apparent traditionally sat behind him and to his 
left, where he/she could learn statecraft by observation.  Once upon a time, her 
half-brother Yosho had held this seat, quietly listening.  On a few occasions she had 
occupied the seat, eagerly attentive to the debates.  Now Tenchi sat there, attended 
by two of his wives.  Ayeka sat to his left, wearing a business suit and conservative 
make-up.  Ryoko hovered behind them both, dressed in the dark gray jumpsuit typical 
of Security personnel.  Both ladies kept their eyes in constant motion, although for 
different reasons  -- Ayeka followed the discussions, Ryoko followed the gestures of 
the council members.

Over the course of time, Tenchi was developing a grasp of the politics and 
personalities -- and a growing disgust with the whole process.  To his way of 
thinking, too much time was spent posturing and maneuvering.  He lacked Ayeka's 
appreciation for this slow-motion form of gambling, as well as her patience and 
perserverance.  But he *was* making the effort, which pleased Ayeka greatly.  However, 
sometimes temptation got the better of him, and he would yield to the urge to do 
something unpredictable.  He would later justify each action as an effort to keep 
the contentious council members off-balance -- or to irritate his great-grandfather.  
For instance:

* Tenchi had insisted that Ryoko be allowed to hover above him, rather than stand 
behind him, while performing her duties.  It bothered many of the council members 
that she floated like a tethered balloon, glaring at everyone suspiciously.  It might 
have gotten into a heated argument if Queen Funaho hadn't stepped-in to support her 
operative/great-granddaughter-in-law, and silenced the Emperor with one of her 
measured glances.

* Another time, Tenchi had brought Washu along.  She had only recently started 
wearing maternity clothes, and he seated her prominently to his right -- where she 
was the most visible -- as a subtle reminder of the Line Of Succession.  Again, 
Funaho had bestowed her blessing upon the maneuver.  (Ayeka wondered if there wasn't 
some collusion going on between her half-mother and her husband....not that she 
minded.)

* On still another occasion, Ryoko had reported that a half-dozen council members 
were passing around some object at one end of the table.  Curious, Tenchi had 
requested that Ryoko concentrate all her senses on the object.  She complied, he 
focused on the object through their mind link, and in his first public display of 
the ability he teleported the object into his waiting hands.  (It turned out to be a 
rather exotic statuette.)  He gave it a cursory glance before passing it over to 
Ayeka, who studied it briefly before passing it on to Ryoko, who gave it a very 
thorough inspection.  Their actions had two immediate effects:
      (1) All conversation ceased, and the Emperor was forced to turn around and 
          see what had caused the interruption.  When prompted for an explanation, 
          Tenchi had apologized for the disturbance, reported his wife's concern 
          over the object being passed around, and offered to return it to its owner 
          after the meeting.
      (2) Tenchi had demonstrated yet another Power attribute, heretofore unknown, in 
          a casual and off-handed manner.  No one had heard or seen Tenchi and Ryoko 
          exchange any kind of communication, yet they had clearly done so.  And 
          Tenchi had defended his wife's actions publicly.  Doubtless there would be 
          additions to the secret dossiers each of the council members had on him 
          and his family.  Which was the whole point.

* Tenchi's now-infamous response to the insult directed at her by Baron Seriyu.  Her 
chest inflated with pride every time she thought about the incident, and her eyes 
drifted reflexively to the spot on the ceiling that still bore the scorch marks (the 
shattered windows were more easily replaced).  

At the moment, Tenchi looked bored: his head drifted from side-to-side listlessly, 
his eyelids were propped open, and he rarely spoke (preferring to let the princess 
do the talking).  Ayeka should have been irritated by his seeming lack of interest, 
except that she knew how false that impression was.  Not only was he following the 
talks closely, but he had shifted his mental perspective into the alternate modes 
available to him.  He had opened mind links with both of his wives, and was feeding 
information to them as actively as they were answering his questions...not to mention 
their colorful observations.  This gestalt linkage made these normally-dreary meetings 
not only bearable but actually entertaining.  To wit:

<Ryoko> Who's that big-chested big-wig with the silver hair?
<Ayeka> Really, Ryoko, such a crude description.
<Ryoko> So?  It fits.  Who is she?
<Ayeka> Countess Rikori.  She usually attends these meetings, rather than her 
        husband.  Why do you ask?
<Ryoko> The Countess just slipped something into her blouse, down between her --
<Tenchi> We get the picture, Ryoko.  Was it very large?
<Ryoko> Nah.  Looked like coin purse.
<Tenchi> The Countess thinks she's being clever. (Tenchi sends them his mental 
         assessment)
<Ayeka> E-e-e-w-w.  Why a spider?
<Tenchi> She's weaving a web of intrigue, I gather.  Does she have many allies?
<Ayeka> Mostly the men sitting around her, though I don't believe they've been all 
        that supportive of late.
<Ryoko> Probably got tired of sleeping with her.
<Ayeka> Now *I'm* getting a mental assessment....and it's not pretty.
<Ryoko> Speaking of pretty, isn't that woman at the far end of the table the same 
        one who was flirting with Tenchi at last week's Royal Ball?
<Ayeka> Yes, now that you mention it.  And she's still showing some interest.
<Tenchi> Ladies, please.
<Ayeka> We're just protecting you from the predators, Beloved.
<Ryoko> Yes, Darling, just consider it another Security service.
<Tenchi> Is that why I never get a moment of privacy?
<Ayeka> Rubbish.  You have plenty of privacy.
<Ryoko> Why would you even *want* to be alone, with such a loving family to keep you 
        company?
<Tenchi> To keep my sanity.  For that matter, while you're so busy watching over me, 
         who's watching over you?
<Ayeka> Whatever do you mean?
<Tenchi> Don't think I haven't seen the hungry glances cast at you ladies.
<Ryoko> Really?  Like who?
<Tenchi> There was an Army major at that Ball who couldn't keep his eyes off of you, 
         Ryoko. And when I scanned him, this is what I got. (Tenchi sends them his 
         mental assessment)
<Ryoko> What kind of bird is that?
<Tenchi> A male peacock.  The flashier his plumage, the more successful he is at 
         attracting females.
<Ayeka> Ah, that would be Major Timotin, an adjutant to General Abe.  Vain and 
        ambitious, just like your peacock.  He's had quite a string of mistresses, 
        or so I'm told.  None ever stay with him for very long.
<Ryoko> If still waters run deep, then he must be a parking lot puddle.
<Ayeka> What about me, Beloved?
<Tenchi> That black-haired, square-jawed man in the brown robes eight seats to our 
         right. 
<Ayeka> Baron Lemidjin?  You must be joking.
<Tenchi> I'm afraid not.  His intentions are quite clear. (Tenchi sends them his 
         mental assessment)
<Ayeka> The weasel suits him, though I fear the hunger in his eyes is for my 
        position, not my person.
<Tenchi> Don't be so sure.  
<Ryoko> Maybe we should hook him up with Countess Rikori.
<Ayeka> What a charming idea.
<Tenchi> Maybe you should just stay away from him.
<Ayeka> Tenchi, you sound jealous!
<Tenchi> Maybe I am.  He *is* handsome...
<Ayeka> You have no reason to be jealous of anyone, Beloved.  I only have eyes for 
        you.
<Ryoko> Yeah, that goes for me, too.  
<Tenchi> Well, you ladies have no reason to be jealous, either.
<Ryoko> But *we* don't radiate a Power envelope like *you* do.  You draw them out of 
        the woodwork.  I repeat, you need protected.
<Ayeka> Absolutely.

Ayeka looked over at her husband, noticing the conceding smile on his face.  He 
reached across to take her hand, at the same time reaching over his shoulder for 
Ryoko's waiting hand.  She and Ryoko exchanged grins, for once in total agreement.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes

The above vignettes were originally part of the Epilogue section for "And If I Fall," 
but during the final editting period I decided they were a bigger hindrance than a 
help (they contributed nothing to the final tone) and so were excised.

My intention had been to relegate them to the "bit bucket," but after reading 
BGlanders' recent piece "Disillusionment" I found myself reluctant to do so.  I don't 
know why, really; even though they may be mildly amusing, once taken out of their 
original context they are meaningless.  However, rather than abort them outright, I 
decided to submit them to the TMFFA....as inspiration for fellow fanfic authors, 
perhaps, or simply an unwillingness to see my efforts erased.  I can honestly say 
that I probably got more pleasure out of writing them (and the story they were 
removed from) than anyone else will reading them.  Maybe this is true of all writers.

The characters of Tenchi Muyo were created by Hiroki Hayashi, and brought to North 
America by Pioneer LDC.  This story, while incorporating names and situations held 
under copyright by others, is copyright 2001 by Jeffery L. Harris. 

These stories comes entirely from my imagination, and is not, nor intended to be, 
cannon.  Please do not send the legions of lawyers after me...it's not worth their 
time, or mine. 

Any questions or comments should be directed to:

Jeffery L Harris
jlhonami@home.com
Subject: "Cut Scenes..."


