The Angle of Death
	It was a hot summer day when it all started, Tenchi, his 
Grandfather, and the girls were all enjoying a relaxing day 
outdoors. Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting over Tenchi as usual, and 
Sasami, Washu, and Mihoshi look on laughing. Tenchi's Grandfather 
tries to break up the fight. Ryo-ohki wakes up from his nap on 
Sasami's head and starts hoping toward the woods, Sasami chases 
after him, "Ryo-ohki, where are you going?"
	Ayeka finally stops arguing with Ryoko to see her sister 
running after Ryo-ohki, "Sasami where are you heading of to?" she 
calls to her.
	"Relax nothing bad could happen to her." Tenchi's Grandfather 
reassures her.
	"Nothing better happen or you'll both be in trouble."
	"I'll keep an eye on her princess pain." Ryoko jokes as she 
disappears to watch after Sasami.
	"What did you say, COME BACK HERE!" Ayeka yells at Ryoko.

	Ryo-ohki stops at the edge of the forest and growls and 
hisses at the trees. "What's wrong Ryo-ohki?" Sasami finally 
catches up to him, "Is there something in the forest?" Just then a 
shadowy figure steps forward from the trees, "Princess Sasami of 
Jurai, where might your sister be?" the figure asks her in a 
droning voice. "She's over there, why do you want to know?"
	The figure places his hand on her head, "So I can destroy 
her..." and disappears laughing. Sasami shocked, grabs Ryo-ohki 
and tries to run home, but runs into Ryoko, "Where are you heading 
to in such a hurry?" Ryoko asks.
	"Some scary guy is going to try to kill Ayeka! Come on Ryoko 
we got to warn her!" Sasami grabs Ryoko's arm and pulls her back 
to the house. 
	"Hey! Wait a minuet!"

	When they get back to the house Tenchi is already about to 
confront the figure. Now standing in the light, Sasami can see 
what he looks like, he stands taller as Tenchi's Grandfather, he 
looks about as young as Tenchi, possibly older, his hair is black 
and is cut short, and spikes out in the front, and he wears a 
black cloak with a dark brown sleeveless shirt and black pants, 
his eyes are red and glow slightly.
	"Boy, do you think you can stand up to me?" the man asks.
	"Probably not, but I'm sure as hell going to try!" Tenchi 
stands with sword in hand.
	"Can't sound any braver?" Washu jokes at Tenchi.
	The figure laughs at Tenchi, "Fool, I am the angel of Death, 
destroyer of worlds!"
	"You could tell us what your name is." Mihoshi asks the 
figure.
	Angrily he answers, "I am called Nashuro, the Angel of 
Death."
	"Well I'm Tenchi Masaki, the Warrior of Uh..., well nothing I 
guess."
	"ENOUGH OF THIS FOOLISHNESS!!" Nashuro thrusts has hand 
forward and a powerful gust of wind knocks Tenchi back into the 
Water.
	"Hey! Leave him alone!" Ryoko throws a ball of energy at 
Nashuro, only to have it sent back to her with a swing of his 
hand, exploding and incasing her in a crystal as it hits her.
	"Freeze, Galaxy Police officer Mihoshi, Your under arrest!" 
Mihoshi points her gun at him, then is surrounded and entrapped in 
a large crystal.
	"No you freeze." Nashuro makes fun of the pathetic attempt to 
stop him.
	"Ryo-ohki wait!" Ryo-ohki jumps from Sasami's hands and bites 
Nashuro's right arm, Nashuro yells out in pain.
	"I only came to destroy the princess Ayeka, now I'll just 
kill YOU AND your SISTER RIGHT HERE!!" Nashuro throws Ryo-ohki at 
Washu and walks toward Sasami and Ayeka. Tenchi's Grandfather 
tries to tackle Nashuro, but gets encased in a crystal in mid air.
	"Now for you two." Nashuro continues toward the two, but 
washu stops him before he can get there, holding a really big gun.
	"Hold it punk, are you feeling lucky?" Washu points the gun 
at him.
	"Very..." Nashuro points his finger at the gun and it 
shatters into rusty pieces, then he encases her into a crystal 
too.
	"Is that all?" Nashuro looks around at his disabled victims, 
and continues toward the princesses.
	"No, that's not all!" Ayeka stands up, and two log like 
objects surround Nashuro, then streams of lightning shoot toward 
him.
	Nashuro stands in the lightning not affected at all, then 
dispels Ayeka's attack, "Ha, not bad, but..." Nashuro raises two 
fingers and Sasami is levitated toward him, and he grabs the back 
of her shirt, "The next move might hurt your sister!"
	"Your a sick, sadistic person! Why are you doing this?" Ayeka 
screams at him in fear for her sister.
	"Because..., I don't know" Nashuro can't answer her, his eyes 
change from red to brown, and stop glowing.
	"What?" Sasami and Ayeka shout confused.
	Tenchi finally recovers and charges Nashuro, not knowing 
what's going on. He rails him head first in the back, causing 
Sasami to fly into her sister's arms. His concentration broken 
everyone is released, and surround him.
	"You can't beat all of us if we stand together." Tenchi 
stands over Nashuro, sword pointed at his neck.
	"So, looks as if I truly am defeated, as ancient law says, my 
fate is now in your hands, do with me what you will." Nashuro 
stands up, brushes off, and kneels before Tenchi.
	"Uh, well... what should I do grandpa?" Tenchi asks.
	"Follow your heart." He answers.
	"Oh man... Well it'd be wrong to kill you, so I guess I'll 
let you live, and Uh... you can stay here if you have no where 
else to go..." Tenchi scratches his head awkwardly.
	"WHAT? You going to let him stay here? With us? But he almost 
killed us!" Ayeka yells at Tenchi.
	"Hey, what do you expect me to do, I'll never be able to live 
with myself if I killed him in cold blood, besides It's awkward 
being surrounded by girls all the time." Tenchi attempts to assure 
her.
	"Well, I don't care, he's as even more evil then that demon-
woman Ryoko." Ayeka argues back.
	"So it's decided, Nashuro will stay with us." Tenchi's 
grandfather places his hand on Nashuro's shoulder, "Does the 
ancient law have anything to say about that?"
	"No, if that is to be my fate, then it will be done." Nashuro 
reaches out to shake Tenchi's hand.
	"Welcome." Tenchi shakes his hand, "Nashuro, this is Ryoko." 
Tenchi points to Ryoko. "And they are Mihoshi, Washu, and 
grandfather, and you apparently already know Sasami and Ayeka."
	"Hi." Sasami happily waves, but Ayeka looks away.
	"Your gonna have a lot of fun with her." Ryoko leans on his 
shoulder, making fun of Ayeka.
	"What have I gotten into..." Nashuro mumbles to himself under 
his breath.






Nashuro Copyright Dan (dark) Fenton contact Dfenton432@aol.com for 
use of character.
Tenchi Muyo! and all related characters are copyright of their 
respected owners.
