The Angel and the Deamon- chapter 7: "Last chance"


Authours note: Ok this aint the greatest story I've done so far but i think
I'll do bette rin the next story anyway enjoy this and soon i'll bring out
the chapter afterwards which bring around a big shock.

  "Oh please Juliane," whispered Jason not caring what was happening in
class.
  The black haired girl shook her head, "no way Jason, I told you I'm
already going out with someone." Jason frowned annoyed but still kept his
cool.
  "You said you liked me," he replied gently, with this comment Juliane
flushed bright red. The two of them had to keep their voices low or the
teacher would hear. Tenchi took a glance behind him at what was going on.
Seeing Jason talking to Juliane a girl in their class he turned back around
sighing gently. *Jason's after the girls again* he thought with a slight
titter. Suddenly without warning the class bell rang and class ended.
Everyone left abruptly and wandered onto the school field. Jason who had let
Juliane go after she promised to think about it caught up with Tenchi and
soon the two were lazing about in the hot sun. The grass was soft but
sometimes itchy. They always sat in the same spot, on the hill underneath a
lone tree in the shade. The two had rejected a game of baseball as they need
to talk about the upcoming danger.
  "Oh some girl asked for you her name was Keiro," Tenchis' words suddenly
brought back memories of his sister to Jason.
  "Keiro was my sister but... she was killed... by the person who kidnapped
me and Ryoko," tears sprung to Jason's eyes and he tried to remove them
before they were detected. Neither of the two spoke for long moments.
  "You said you wanted to tell me something," Tenchi whispered gently
scanning for any nearby people who could listen in to their conversation.
  Jason smiled weakly not wanting to answer the question as he was too
sorrowfull over his sisters death. "It's about the lighthawk wings," he
whispered, "I can create them."
  Tenchi sat up abruptly, "what?" he shouted forgetting to be quiet. "What?"
he asked quieter.
  "I'm not Juraian or anything but I can absorb diffrent techniques from
people while still letting them use that technique unhindered. Just like the
lighthawk wings," he explained.
  Techi laid back down, "you need the power to create them don't you." Jason
nodded his plan falling at the last moment.

  Tenchi waited and waited all day. Still there was no Souja, or any kind of
space ship, in the night sky. It was just getting to the darkest stage of
the night when Sasami came outside with a small snack. Setting it down next
to him she tapped him gently on the shoulder.
  "I brought you a snack seeing as how you missed dinner," she chirped
brightly. Tenchi smiled and thanked her and she left. Tenchi and Jason had
devised a plan for this though now as Tenchi would keep watch in the night
Jason stand guard in the morning and Ayeka and Ryoko would rotate throughout
the day. It was such a quiet night though. Stars filled the skies and one in
particular shone brighter than ever. Tenchi took a closer look at it. *That
wasn't a star that was the souja* thought Tenchi frantically. He stood to
his feet and ran inside the house. As soon as he entered the house he ran
straight into Jason. The collided and fell to the floor with a thump.
  "He's here," paniced Tenchi. Jason stood up imideatly and ran back the way
he came into the dining room.
  "Kagato's here, everybody take only vital objects and leave the hosue
immediatly," Jason shouted gently. Soon everyone was up and out of the house
and the only person who seemed to be taking anything was Washu. Washu though
took enough stuff for everyone to carry and everyone was soon loaded down
with technical equipment. As soon as they reached the forest behind the
Masaki shrine Jason scouted ahead to find a save place for them. Soon they
were all shielded by trees in a small ditch unnoticable to anyone. As soon
as everyone was in the ditch prepared to defend it if Tenchi was
unsuccsefull Jason stood up and began walking away. Ryoko grabbed his arm.
  "Tenchi told me your plan and...." she paused trying to gather her courage
up in such a dire situation, "I want you to have these." Jason looked gently
as Ryoko began to concentrate. Then he felt something on his right and left
wrist. The gems appeared and as they did Ryoko fell to the ground. Jason
caught her in his arms. Gently he began to take her back to the ditch when
Ryoko struggled to her feet.
  "No you need to go back Ryoko you cant battle without your gems," Jason
had deep sorrow in his voice. "I relise now that the test I did was wrong,"
Ryoko looked into his eyes weak from losing her power, "the only reason I
chose Ayeka was that I couldn't understand my feelings."
  "What do you mean?" Ryoko asked confused.
  "I mean that.... I... I love you Ryoko," he blurted out. He flushed gently
and carried on walking. "Now I can see that and that is the reason why I
told Tenchi his true love was Ayeka," he looked away from Ryoko's eyes
unable to look straight into them, "please forgive me."
  "Jason I... dont know what to say," Ryoko weakly spoke.
  "Dont say anything just rest you need to conserve your strength," with
that they reached the ditch and Jason handed Ryoko to Kiyone who laid Ryoko
down on the grass nearby. "Will she...?" he asked Washu who nodded
instantly.
  Washu leant closer towards Jason and whispered gently, "she loves you too
Jason, but she also love Tenchi." Jason nodded and turned to face the other
way.
  "You're not going to fight are you Jason?" Sasami asked concerned.
  Ayeka came to stand net to her sister. "Yes do not fight Jason we need you
here for if Tenchi fails I fear without you we will be gone for sure," Ayeka
added.
  Jason put his hand on Ayeka's shoulder, "come on Ayeka I'm sure you've got
some power in you to stop him and thent there's always Sasami and Tsunami."
He knealt down to Sasami's height (which wasn't much lower) and hugged her
gently. "You princess Sasami I have faith in too as you are the person who
has the power of Tsunami and will ultimatley save us all," with those words
he walked past Ayeka and Sasami and began what he believed would be his last
time on Earth.

   Tenchi stood ready to face Kagato. Letting his glance slip away from the
souja, which in this version was a little smaller than the real version
which had been destroyed, he watched Jason lead the others to saftey.
Obviously whoever had brought Kagato back didn't have the power to create
his ship fully. Green light appeared and suddenly Tenchi saw Kagato appear
sword in hand ready for battle.
  "I see you've been waiting for me boy," Kagato hissed noticing Tenchi
stood poised for battle.
  "Lets get this over with," Tenchi sneered his body tensely waiting for
Kagato to spring a sudden attack. But Kagato still stood cooly not even in
fight pose. Then he twitched and sprung forward. Tenchi quickly sprung into
life spinning the tenchi sword into a block. Kagato attacked again his sword
going high. Tenchi slammed his sword into Kagato but then suddenly he was
flung backwards sent sprawling in mid-air into the house. Wood panels
cracked with the force aplied by Tenchi and one side of the house was nearly
demolished. Tenchi stood to his feet.
  "I see you relise now what has happened," Kagato smirked, "I now hold true
power in my hands. I have doubled my power from before and even your
lighthawk wings are no match for me now." Tenchi stared up in disbelief, the
lighthawk wings no match for someone. It didn't seem posible.

  Jason ran as fast as he could, the power of the gems increasing it by a
substancile amount. As he reached the masaki shrine he looked down and saw
two figures. One was on the floor hurt it seemed. He ran as fast as he could
not even looking as the wind brought tears to his eyes. Tenchi dove forward
attacking using his sword to try and hit Kagato. Kagato caught the sword and
pushed backwards with it. Kagato moved forwards pacing towards Tenchi. He
lifted the sword in the air ready to kill Tenchi with it. Suddenly Tenchi
felt power rise up from inside of him. Bright blue light shone out from him
in 3 directions blinding Kagato and sending him realing backwards. Tenchi
dropped the Tenchi sword and used his one of his many powers, transformation
of objects, to create a sword just like the battle the two had fought
before. Kagato grinned darkly at this event and prepared himself for battle
also. The two stood facing one another edging forwards. Tenchi struck first
sending his sword into Kagato's ribs. Or at least that's what he thought
would happen. Kagato appeared behind him and before Tenchi could turn around
he felt the sharp blade pierce his shoulder blade as he dodged to the side.
*Lucky escape* thought Tenchi trying to compose himself *if I would have
been 5 seconds late he would have sliced my head off*. Another thrust from
Kagato was dodgeable but it was a ploy. A huge energy blast slammed into
Tenchi's stomach and sent him spraling backwards. Kagato stalked forward
pacing towards Tenchi who had already flipped to his feet. Tenchi dove at
Kagato darting diffrent places with exceptional speed. He dropped to the
left and dove into the air slamming the sword down. Kagato, who had remained
still throughout this, blocked it easily with his energy shield. The two
held that pose for ages both not wanting to give in to the pressure the
other created. Suddenly Kagato began to waver and Tenchi pushed harder
before with his sword. But then Kagato answered with his own sword knocking
Tenchi into a tree. The tree fell down crushing Tenchi's right leg. He
screamed in agony as he felt his bone crumble underneath the tree. Kagato
stood above him sword poised above Tench's head.
  "It's over boy," he whispered hoarsly as he prepared to slam the sword
down and finish Tenchi off. Then he heard a shout from behind him. Turning
around he only just saw Jason come slamming into him. The attack took Kagato
off guard and took his balance away from him. Jason stood in between Tenchi
and Kagato. He held out his hand and dragged it down. Creating a sword,using
the transformation of object power, and then he pointed it outwards in a
challenge.
  "Kagato you will go no further. You face me now," Jason store hard into
Kagatos' eyes. He was much smaller than Kagato and Jason looked by no means
a challenge. Jason glanced round at Tenchi who lay in extreme pain his leg
caught under a small fallen tree. "Tenchi you ok," Jason kept glancing at
Tenchi and Kagato to make sure nothing happened. Tenchi looked up and seemed
to try and speak but only answered with a shudder. Jason glanced across the
outside of the Masaki household which had been the scene of the battle. The
house itself had lost almost all of one wall and the surrounding area was
filled with marks of the battle so far. Jason then stood watching Kagato why
seemed amazed at the sight of this new opponent. Then he began walking.
Walking deathly towards Jason. The young half-angel stood ready to fight to
the death. Concentration on creating the lighthawk wings he raised his right
and left arm. The gems shone brightly and Kagato spotted them. Suddenly he
stopped shocked and amazed at this young child having control of the gems.
Dust flew into the air as a small whirlwind encased Jason. Then the dust
dropped suddenly. Kagato stood still waiting patiently. Jason darted forward
suddenly a bright purple light shining his body. KAgato held up his sword
and answered Jason's own. Sparks flew from the swords but it was obvious who
was winning. Kagato.

  Ayeka gently wept, she was in charge now. That wasn't the main reason why
she wept though. She had heard Tenchi scream out in pain. It sent a shudder
through her body and made her cringe uncomfortably. This wasn't what she had
wanted from her vacation though. Being left in charge of all these people,
being depended on by so many of her friends. Jurai had never planned
anything like this happening. Her job was normally to just sit and look
pretty while people made decisions for her. While people fought those wars
for her. Her father, Azusa, had never let her be part of the decisions that
mattered or do any kind of training. Now she was sat in a ditch depending on
two people one who was a close friend the other a lost relative who she has
fallen in love with. Ryoko had awaken recently after she had got over the
sudden power loss of losing both the gems she had. Washu sat typing away on
her computer. Washu didn't seem bothered by anything around her, Tenchi's
screams, the constant blasts of energy flailing in the air. It seemed to her
as if it was a normal day and she was busy typing away on her computer.
Sasami was the most affected by this event. She just sat crying non stop,
her tears being the only that seemed to disturb Washu. Ayeka sat next to her
younger sister and wrapped her arm around her pullng her closer in a gentle
hug.
  "Sasami..." she whispered gently not knowing what to say. Her sister
almost looked up instantly. "Why are you crying Sasami," Ayeka comforted.
  "Because I had a dream and in it Jason and Tenchi died," Sasami cried
tears patting on the mud.
  "That wont come true because Tenchi and Jason both have the powe rof the
lighthawk wings the strongest force in the galaxy," the words Ayeka said
didn't seem so meaningful even to herself. *Strongest force in the galaxy?*
Ayeka asked herself and with that she tried to forget of all the problems
she had and thought of home and marrying Tenchi.

  Kagato pushed harder and Jason was sent backwards. He dodged backwards
next to Tenchi who was just managing to get the tree off his leg. Kagato
still stood gloating about his power in a silent voice. Jason stood in front
of Tenchi ready to block any chance of Kagato attacking him.
  "Tenchi I need you to get the sword and give me the last gem," he shouted
it as an order to Tenchi who was already half way towards the sword. The
sword was nestled in the wall that had earlier been destroyed by Kagato
slamming Tenchi into. The two of them moved backwards towards the sword
edging closer and closer. Still Kagato moved slowly as if taunting them
wanting them to use the sword use all their power against him. Slowly but
surely they managed to get to the sword and Tenchi, who had crawled all the
way, sat huddled in the corner holding the sword in the air. Suddenly Kagato
lunged forward at them. The gem disappeared from the sword annd reappeared
on Jason. Jason felt it on his back the power surging through his body.
Using all the strength he had Jason concentrated his force. Suddenly bright
purple beams shone out in the lighthawk wings. His wings came out shiny
white brightest he had ever seen them. Power surging through his body Jason
focused his energy into a huge shield surrouinding both he and Tenchi.
Seeing this happen Kagato gasped back in horror. Soon though that horror was
replaced with hate and Kagato sent out a huge beam of green coloured  energy
at the shield. The shield worked reflecting the energy off and totally
setting the Masaki house into a burning blaze. Sweat and blood dripped from
Jason's face. A cut from an earlier attack brought red to his eyes. His
hands wavered shaking under the pressure. Kagato stopped his attack and both
he and Jason seemed out of breathe. Still the shield stood protecting the
two teenage boys. Kagato snarled and turned away.
  "Fine I'll just hunt down Ayeka and the others you live with," he smiled
evily.
  Jason heard shuffling behind him and turned to see Tenchi holding on to
the bubble balancing on one foot. "You will not touch them Kagato," as he
spoke those words he held out his hands and the bright blue wings of the
lighthawk spread from them creating and even larger shield that cover the
first bubble and occupants and also Kagato. Kagato frowned and dove forward
slamming his sword into Jason's shield pushing with all his force. The sword
stopped a few centimetres away from Jason's face the purple shield holding
steady. Jason began to waver faltering gently. He couldn't hold this up for
long soon it would fall soon they'd all die because of Kagato and it would
be his fault. He shook away the delirious thoughts that came to his mind and
continued to hold the shield. He fell to his knees but still held his arms
in the air shaking violently. The shield flickered gently and all three knew
that soon Jason would just collapse. The half Angel carried on though not
wanting to quit not caring if he died just wanting to keep that energy
shield up long enough for Tenchi to regain his strength. He created a sword
with his right hand and held the shield with his left. Lowering the shield
he instantly dove out swinging the sword and Kagato. Kagato took a blow to
his face unable to block it in time. This sent him stumbling to the floor in
shock. Tenchi fell forwards and then held on to Jason's shoulder. As Kagato
lay in pain.
  "Tenchi I got an idea I'm going to give you all my power and you need to
fire an energy beam at Kagato," his breath escaped him and he found himself
gasping for air.
  "Yea okay but what about you?" Jason looked away and Tenchi saw the answer
in the grim expression in his face. "You're kidding me I'm not gonna let you
waste your life."
  He grabbed hold of Jason's arm but Jason shook free. "well what else are
we going to do I mean we've got no chance to beat him otherwise." They both
avoided the others gaze.
  Suddenly and idea came to Tenchi, "Tsunami can save you."
  "Yea you said she saved your life maybe she can help me or something."
  Tenchi nodded, "I guess she'll have to." Jason flipped to his feet and
grabbed hold of Tenchi's arms lifting him into the air. Tenchi's legs
dragged along the floor but he didn't care he didn't notice it he just
concentrated on creating an energy beam. Energy flowed into his body like
warm blood. Kagato began to rise to his feet and seeing the two preparing
for an attack he ran towards them holding his sword in his right hand. He
got closer and closer and Tenchi thought he might not be able to do it. Fear
grew more and more untill it almost made him turn and run away. He looked at
Jason's hand it's grip tightening and tightening not giving up. He was
willing to throw his life away to save Tenchi. That sudden thought made him
feel like he had to go on with this. There was no turning back now Jason had
started it and now he had to finish it. Kagato dove forward a metre away
ready top kill Tenchi and Jason in one swing of his sword. Then Jason's body
went limp and with a huge roaring sound Tenchi fired a hgue blast at Kagato
from point blank range. The blast sent Tenchi and Jason into the air as the
energy blast as sent off into the distance ripping the ground up as it
travelled along destroying anything in it's path. As Tenchi looked up he saw
a trail of destruction along which nothing stood. There was no Kagato around
so he guessed they'd destroyed him. He looked down at his leg and then at
the dead body of Jason. His eyes closed naturally and without warning he
fell into a drifting sleep.

To Be Continued?!
