The Angel and The Deamon - Final Chapter:"Victory and Love"


  Tenchi scrambled across towards Jason's lifeless body. "Jace you ok?" he
asked. He didn't recieve a reply though. Jason didn't move. Tenchi looked up
and to his horror he saw Kagato bleeding badly staring back at him.  Tenchi
struggled to his feet and began to hobble across the battlefield towards
Kagato creating a sword. His face now was grazed and he was covered in
blood. A huge cut on his head throbbed but he ignored it. Kagato darted
forward and Tenchi raised his sword. The two clashed sparks of blue and
green showing in the misty darkness. Tenchi drove his shoulder into Kagato
and he managed to push Kagato back a few paces backwards. Kagato followed
this with a backhand to Tenchi's face sending the young Juraian to the
floor. His knee was getting worse by the moment and he wouldn't last long.
Tenchi looked up at Kagato blood showing up on the green robes he wore as a
deep dark red in the moonlight. There was a shuffling behind Tenchi and
Jason was up to his feet swaying to one side. He fired a blast of pure
energy shining dark purple. It struck Kagato's side giving Tenchi a chance
for attack. He took it. Another blast crashed into Kagato this one was a
deep bright blue. Both attacks dug into Kagato and soon he was pushed
backwards. The teenage half-Angel and the Juraian boy were driving a wedge
into Kagato and as he stood holding out against the attacks he was furious
at that thought. Jason was the first to stumble and then Tenchi did. His leg
failing him at this critical moment Tenchi fell forward the blast being sent
wildly into the air smashing into Kagato and Jason. Both fell but Jason took
it harder as he was closer to Tenchi. His right arm was vaporised almost
completley his right side desvestated by the blast. He scremed in pain
dropping to the floor holding his damaged right arm. Kagato was hit the
stomach and lay on the floor for awhile the wind taken out of him. Soon
though he reached his feet and began to walk over to the two heros a
menacing look on his still and rock like face.

   Ayeka Jurai princess of the Juraian royal family decided she had had
enough.
   "There are certain moments when bravery should be overstepped by key
judgement. This is not one of those times," she stood to her feet letting go
of Sasami and heading past Washu. Washu glanced up at the young girls spirit
with dignity.
   "Ayeka don't be stupid," the cutest genius ever, she stood to her feet
and cast a joyfull look at Ayeka and then Sasami finishing by looking at the
waking Ryoko. "We will help because to be honest you'll need all the help
you can get."
   "Yea Ayeka after all you'll need us to stop him," Sasami shouted wiping
away the tears on her face. Still one tear dropped down unchecked but her
smile made the tear seem like nothing.
   Ayeka nodded, "you are right of course where would I be without you here
to back me up," they all laughed gently forgeting about there problems for a
moment. Ryoko then began to wake at the sound of so much noise. She looked
up dizzyly.
   "Can you keep it down," Ryoko choked, "I'm trying to get some sleep
here." She sat up holding her head and moaning in pain. Ayeka glanced over
at her with a smirk on her face.
   "What would Tenchi say if he saw you like this eh Ryoko?" Ayeka teased.
   "You should look at a mirror I'm sure he'd love the muddy face look,"
Ryoko replied. After this comment Ayeka  put her hand to her face and pulled
it away. Her hand was now covered in mud and suddenly she began to blush.
Ryoko smiled at this even though she could only just tell she was blushing
through all the mud, sweat and tears that plastered Ayeka's face. Shaking
away her thoughts Ayeka returned to business hearing Washu and Sasami let
out a gently giggle.
    "We should get going if we're going to help," suddenly there was a huge
bright blue light in the air followed by a purple one. And then  a huge
hoarse scream of extreme pain that each of them recognised as Jason. Each
looked at the other terrified by the scream.
     Ayeka opened her mouth to speak but she couldn't. "I-I... I think we
should get going," she choked. Washu and Sasami nodded but Ryoko struggled
to stand up.
     "You're kidding me," she laughed, "you guys are going out there to
fight Kagato. He'll rip you apart, I mean those guys are using the lighthawk
wings and they're getting their butts kicked what do you think we can do?"
     Ayeka frowned, "at least we'll try and do something," she glanced over
at the space pirate, "unlike you we're trying to help." Ryoko let out a
humph and turned away. Triumphently Ayeka walked away and was quickly
followed by Sasami and Washu.
     Ryoko sighed almost silently, "well I might aswell go along I mean they
will need me to save them." She hoped up to her feet and ran along next to
them.

      Jason stood wobbling on his feet. He held out his hands in defense as
Kagato stalked forward. Jason created his sword as Kagato put his forward.
The two collided both swords smashing together in a huge blast of energy.
Energy sparks flew in all directions and once again Jason felt himself
falter felt his power dwindle under Kagato's supreme power. *What is
happening we cant lose there's two of us using the power of the lighthawk
wings it's almost impossible for us to lose?* he questioned himself. He
didn't answer it as something made him think a second almost causing him to
lose his concentration and open himself for an attack from Kagato. His wings
where were they he'd lost them. With his other hand he felt his back and
relised that they had gone inside his back again. Kagato pushed forward
sending Jason to the floor. Again the young half Angel was down on the floor
defeated and suddenly he felt hsi eyes close and the sounds of battle fade
away.

      Jason stood in front of a shining bright light that held him fixated.
A figure came into view a shining blue vison. It was female and had long
hair. The vision spread out wide great wings of lovely white. Her golden
hair stretched to her shoulders and she had beautifull blue eyes.
     "Who are you?" Jason questioned confused. The image held out it's hand
and grasped hold of his hand.
     "Cant you see," it spoke her voice enchanting to hear. "I'm your mother
young Jasonia." Jason's eyes widened and tears nearly sprung to them
instantly.
      He shook his head gently and grasped his hand away "You're not my
mother Tao told me my mother died a long time ago."
     "He was right I did die," she sighed tears in her own eyes. She shook
them away and tried to continue, "your dad died before you were born and I
died soon after in an attack of our homeland by the evil followers of
Tokimi. You were a half Angel though and with slight courage you became who
you are today?" Jason glanced down at the white floor not knowing weather to
believe it or not.
     "What about Tao? When did we...?" he found himself not knowing what
word to use.
     "Tao isn't a God he's the Angel part of you," she whispered. "You have
two parts to you, the Angel and the human parts Jasonia. Angels are like
Gods as they have ultimate power and are immortal. Just like your friend
Tenchi has Juraian power he needs to unlock you have equal power from the
Angel part of you."
      Jason looked his mother straight in her eyes and saw great compassion,
"how come you're so young."
     "I said we were immortal so I never age just like you wont." Jason
glanced at himself and stuck out his tounge.
     "You mean I'll look like this all my life, eugh." He laughed gently and
his mother did too.
     "Jasonia you must go now my son and save your friends from one of the
great dangers that will stand in front of you."
     "But cant I stay here with you there's so much I want to say want to
know," he cried a single tear running down his cheek unnoticed.
    His mother brushed his hair back behind his ear and smiled, "you cant
there are too many people depending on you. Your destiny awaits my son."

    As flashing images appeared in front of him Jason flipped to his feet.
*Was that real or was it just some dream created by his unconcious mind?* he
asked himself *it had to be real*. Shaking away the fuzzy feeling in his
head and charged forward. At this moment Tenchi and Jason were battling
vicously. Jason created a sword and swung it forward at Kagato's head. He
ducked and flung his own sword at him whcih was answered by Tenchi's sword.
Kagato fell backwards slightly and as he did so both Tenchi and Jason dove
forward in an attack. Kagato blocked Tenchi's swing with his sword and
Jason's with a shield he created on the spot. He smashed the shield into
Jason's face and pushed against Tenchi's sword. Jason scraled along the
floor and as he came to a stop he felt something on his back. Finally his
wings had come back. Standing up he began to unfold them and bring them
outside ripping the back of his shirt. Using the wings that reappeared on
his back he flew into the air and sent a small blast of energy down at
Kagato. It smashed into him and sent him backwards in pain Jason sent
another blast that pushed Kagato backwards across the ground. He then
dropped down next to Tenchi and helped the Juraian to his feet. At that
moment Kagato reached his feet and slammed into both of them knocking them
backwards. Kagato created another sword and held it above Jason.
    "You have annoyed me long enough kid," as Tenchi looked on helpless
Kagato held the sword ready to plung it into Jason's cheast and finish off
the young half Angel. A green blast smashed into him and sent him to the
ground. Looking up he saw Ayeka standing at the end of the blast.
   "Leave him alone Kagato," the princess shouted. She found strength in her
voice she didn't expect. Tenchi crawled over to Jason and tried to help him
to his feet. Jason saw Ryoko standing nearby and using what little strength
he had he sent her gems back to her.
   "What are you doing giving away your only power source," Tenchi scremed
watching the gems disappear.
   "I'm a half Angel I dont need the gems and I've got to learn how to use
my Angel power," he laughed.
   "I hope you're right," Tenchi sighed trying to hold him up, "How did you
and Kagato survive the first blast?"
   "You had to fire it early before I'd given you all my energy. Tenchi
we've got to fire another blast of energy at Kagato using all our power," he
coughed, "I'll give you all of my remaining power aswell maybe combined we
can create an attack that'll destroy him for good." Tenchi felt at his head
where there was an intense throbbing. He pulled his hand away and it was
covered with blood, his blood.
    "What about you? Are you going to die?" even though Tenchi asked it he
knew the answer. Jason looked down at his feet.
    "Like I said before if we dont we'll all die I might aswell go saving
the world Tenchi," he shouted.
    "No way I'm not letting you throw away your life I'll give you all my
power."
    "Wont work you cant control flows of power you can only transform it
into an attack combined with yours." Tenchi watched Jason's face that was
filled with fear and terror. He shook gently and seemed very frightened of
this situation which was getting the better of him. Even though he tried to
hide it it was easy to see. Jason snapped his round to face Kagato who was
being held off by Tsunami, Washu and Ayeka. "What about them huh? Going to
let them die because you wouldn't let me use my life for good," he said
pointing out towards the girls. "Ryoko and Ayeka love you they trust you so
dont let them down. Dont you see we can stop him from killing us all by
wasting just one life which is my own." Tenchi knew he was fighting a losing
battle when suddenly an idea flashed in his head.
     "Tsunami can save you cant she?" he asked.
     Jason pondered a moment then shrugged. "I told you I've got no idea
like you said she saved you."
     Tenchi nodded gently falling to the ground. *That stupid leg* he spoke
silently almost shouting it out loud. Jason grasped hold of his arms tightly
lifting him up of the ground.
    "Hold out your arms and prepare a beam and when I tell you fire it," he
said clutching on to Tenchi's arms. He lifted him up and held him steady
just being able to see over him. Tenchi's legs dragged on the ground but he
didn't notice it. He was too busy concentrating on the energy beam. Energy
flowed through his body like warm blood and Jason's grip tightened. Jason
yelled in pain not daring to let go as he sent his energy into the beam
forming at Tenchi's hands.

   Ryoko created two energy swords using the power she had just recovered
from her gems and swung them at Kagato who only just managed to duck. He
then uppercutted her and fired a beam that she answered with a beam of her
own. Letting go at a precise moment she span out of the way. Kagato followed
his beam up with a charge. Ryoko ducked undernerath his swings and triped
him with her leg. To her amazement he jumped over the leg and smacked Ryoko
across the face with his sword. Ryoko fell to the floor blood dripping from
the new wound. Cursing herself she flipped to her feet. She threw her sword
forward turning it into an energy bolt. After that she continued to create
energy bolts and sent a barrage of assaults at Kagato. Sadly, for her, they
didn't hit as he dodged each of them  floating up towards her. He slammed
his sword into her but missed as she managed to move slightly to one side.
Ryoko then disappeared reappearing on the ground. Kagato dropped down
flinging his sword into the air and dropping it down to the ground that
Ryoko had just been standing at before she jumped backwards. Kagato was
quick to recover though as he darted forward. With amazing accuracy he
smashed the back of his sword on Ryoko's face and tried to slash her throat
with it. Luckily Ryoko again dodged it but it still managed to catch her
cheast. Deep red coloured blood spewed out of the cut and she fell backwards
cringing in pain on the floor. Kagato dropped to the floor and almost
instantly was greeted by Ayeka's Jurian logs that surrounded him quickly
trying to sap his strength. Useless as it was it gave Tenchi and Jason time
enough to prepare their attack and with a roaring sound a huge energy blast
came from Tenchi's hands already in position for attack. The huge blast
ripped the groound apart sending grass dirt and sand into the air. Stones
flew about one hitting Washu on the head to her annoyance. The beam shone
bright blue with a purple wave going around it like electricity. It struck
Kagato where he stood and almost instantly it destroyed him. He only managed
to hold through great will and power. Soon though the gigantic power broke
him and immediatley he disappeared into nothingness. The beam ended soon
after and everyone stood watching the two that created the beam. Jason's
body went limp and he fell to the floor behind Tenchi. Instantly everyone
ran over to Tenchi and Jason's aid.
   Tenchi fell back exhausted from the attack only being able to utter a few
words, "help... Jason... Tsunami... please." After he said that he fell into
a deep sleep which he hoped he wouldn't be awakened from for a long time.

      Washu entered the room again after having to listen to Nobuyuki's
rantings about how the house had been destroyed, setting her tea up on a
stand and sitting in her chair typing away at her holo computer. Jason and
Tenchi lay in two beds in front of her Ryoko in one behind. At the moment
she was working on Tenchi who had recieved the most damage that Tsunami
wasn't needed for. His condition was good and, considering what eh went
through, he was recovering nicely. Ryoko was worse then Tenchi as the blow
Kagato had struck her was alot worse than first thought and had begun to
cause serious problems. Washu though as usual was optimistic about it and
continued to work constantly. As she rubbed her head where the stone had
struck her the day before she glanced over at the young half Angel who lay
in a deep peacefull sleep not making a sound. Now Washu was just finishing
the work she did on Jason who had been healed almost completley by Tsunami.
Washu was amazed at the guts Sasami had shown during the battle as she was
so young yet so brave during the fight. Also amazing was Ayeka's bold
decision to go help which had proven vital in the end result from what they
had seen when they arrived. Washu watched Tenchi for a moment and then
Jason. She wondered for a moment what had happened with them and how they
managed to concentrate all that power and destroy Kagato. Suddenly Jason
stirred gently and opened his eyes slowly then cringed in the bright lights
of the overhead lamp. Washu quickly ran over to his side and helped him to
his feet slowly.
    "How are you feeling Jason?" she asked holding him up.
    Jason struglled to talk and when he did it was more of a croak. "I feel
like I got hit by a bus," Jason spoke as he tried to maintain his balance.
Washu caught him as he fell forward. Giving him a gentle smile she sat him
in her seat. After a while of arguing Jason gave in and rested in the chair
for a while but soon he was back up complaing about the pain in his head.

    "How come I save the day and I'm the one doing housework while those two
sleep off their minor injuries," Jason moaned as he hung up one of Ayeka's
favourite dresses.
    Sasami laughed handing him a pair of Tenchi's trousers, "you should
thank me I was the one who saved you.... sort of."
    "Yea thanks for saving me now I have to deal with this throbbing
head...." he didn't get chance to finish what he was saying as he began
groaning in pain. Sasami helped him sit down and Jason soon fell asleep
himself.
    "How come I have to do the housework when I saved the day," Sasami
mimicked. She finished putting up the clothes and let Jason sleep. It was
snowing lightly but Jason was laid underneath shade so he was okay. Well at
least untill Sasami poured a bucket of water on him for being lazy.

     As Tenchi woke from his sleep and sat up he was greeted by a certain
space pirate who had been sat waiting. She gave him a cute smile that made
Tenchi wish he could make her his.
    "Wondered when you'd wake up Tenchi,"  she purred crawling onto the
table and leaning over his legs towards him. Gently she moved her head to
the left and kissed him gently on the lips. It was a short kiss and Tenchi
knew she was holding herself back. Seeing this Ryoko winked, "what do you
want more." Tenchi laughed gently smiling at the bruised Ryoko sitting
before him. He stood out of the bed with a slight bit of difficulty and
began to hobble over to the door when he felt something tug on his shirt.
Nothing seemed to be there but Tenchi knew better. Ryoko appeared behind him
her arms holding on to his stomach her head resting on his shoulder. "I know
I want more," she whispered softly. Tenchi turned to face her about to say
something but then he stopped.
     "You know I love you all equally," he said thinking of Ayeka.
     Ryoko ran her hand down Tenchi's front playfully. "Awww come on we all
know you like me best," Tenchi caught her hand as it was getting lower.
Tenchi began to think though, maybe Ryoko was the one because Jason's test
had gone wrong as he said. His grip losened as he thought and with his mind
elsewhere Tenchi let go of Ryoko's hand. Ryoko saw that he was thinking and
gently kissed him on the cheek and left the room. Tenchi woke from his
thoughts just as Ryoko was at the door.
     "Ryoko I... er... well you see..." Tenchi couldn't seem to say anything
right even though he'd gone through the routine several times.  Ryoko smiled
at this and wrapped her arm around him.
     "Washu wont be back for ages Tenchi and Jason is busy so..." she kissed
him pasionatly abrupt. Tenchi felt ehr tounge on his lips and he opened his
mouth in suprise. Ryoko wrapped her right arm around her neck and embraced
him in a damsel-in-distress pose falling into Tenchi's arms. Tenchi held her
up and kissed back. All the tension all the passion between the two was
released in that one kiss. There was a noise from bnehind them and Tenchi
almost dropped Ryoko in suprise. Turning he saw Jason stood holding a tray
of food and drink a huge smile on his face.
      "Oh dont stop because I'm here go on ahead," he laughed. Ryoko
shrugged and embraced Tenchi again but he gently pushed her back from the
kiss eyeing Jason suspiciously. Jason still smiling sat the food down and
left slowly turning every now and then to check on them. "Have fun you guys,
but dont get too carried away we dont want any little Tenchi's running
around stealing all the girls." Hew shut the door as soon as he left but he
didn't go elsewhere he still stood next to the door pressing his ear against
it. Ryoko kissed Tenchi passionatley but he was still shocked at Jason
sudden interuption. Ryoko pressed against him close wrapping her arms around
him and soon managed to work away at Tenchi's defenses and they soon
embraced. Tenchi though fought it and soon broke free making for the door.
Outside Jason felt a tap on his shoulder and turned round to see Ayeka
standing behind him staring at him puzzled.
      "What are you listening to?" Ayeka questioned trying to glance past
him.
      "Nothing I'm just seeing if their awake yet... because... er.... yea."
Jason looked up and down the hall for an escape route. " Jason looked around
for anything to stop her from finding out Ryoko and Tenchi were in there
kissing. He thought about it for a moment there was no other alternative and
although he knew he would regret it there was no other choice. After all he
owed Tenchi one for some reason.
     "Oh Ayeka I cant deny it any more I want you and I want you bad." He
gently closed his eyes moved closer to her and brushing her hair back he
kissed her intensly. Ayeka taken aback by the kiss stood tunned throughout
it her eyes wide in suprise.  Jason stepped back from the kiss and smiled
weakly. "I'm sorry for the outbursst but you are too beautifull to behold
without my passion for you suceding my general discression." Jason smiled
inside at his own great acting, *it was almost too good acting* he thought
almost bursting out laughing.
      Ayeka held her breathe and stood more confused then ever. "I'm.....
going.... to help.... Sasami," she breathed eventually. And with that she
stumbled and jerked her way down the hall not turning back. Jason quickly
returned to the doorway and listened in to the conversation. He licked his
lips and smiled *Ayeka aint that bad a kisser actually even if she isn't
trying*. Suddenly there was a shuffle at the door and it opened both Tenchi
and Ryoko emergeing unscaved. Jason who was bentdown found to his suprise he
was now listening to Ryoko's stomach and quickly jumoed backwards. He smiled
flushing and scratched the back of his head embarassed. Soon though he
regained his composure.
      "I had to kiss Ayeka for you two, I hope your happy." He took a
piercing glance at Tenchi who in turn repeated the process Jason had just
done a minute ago.
      "But we've been talking and eating the food since you left." Jason
nearly choked.
      "Oh great so I kissed Ayeka for nothing aahhh ack."
      Ryoko burst out laughing and Tenchi only just managed to hold it in.
"Well lover boy I never knew you had it in you, kissing Ayeka eh?" Holding
in the laughter she grabbed hold of him and pulled him close kissing him
intensly. Jason scrambled about in suprise but soon he fell into the kiss.
Tenchi cast a sideways look at the two of them and after a long pause Ryoko
moved back. "So who kisses better," she winked at Jason.
      Jason stood in a pose of fake thinking for a moment then smiled.
"You'll just have to guess." he winked back and skipped down the hall. Ryoko
watched him leave then turned to Tenchi.
     "What do you think?" Tenchi suddenly seemed to wake from a dream.
     "Huh. Oh er... I dont know?"
     Ryoko looked at him suprised. "really? You've got absolutley no idea?"
Ryoko leant over him with puppy dog eyes. Tenchi laughed at her and walked
down the hallway the same direction Jason went.
    "Like Jason said guess."
    Ryoko sighed to herself and shook her head. "Those boys what I have to
do to get a couple of answers around here." The space pirate stopped her
walk towards the door Jason and Tenchi had gone through and thought to
herself for a moment. *Maybe they'll go for a three some* she thought to
herself and giggled afterwards. Looking at herself in the mirror she tutted.
Giggling at that what was become of her maybe she was getting soft. Thinking
of Tenchi and Jason she looked at the door.
    "What's so bad about being soft when your only competition for two hot
guys is a little girl princess." With that Ryoko opened the door and took a
step through.

    Tenchi lay sunning himself sleepily. Finally some rest from the tiresome
training his grandfather taught. Jason still stood practicing with his sword
in the blazing sun. Tenchi whistled at him and then when Jason turned he
waved for him to come over. Sheathing his sword Jason hopped onto the plank
and took a seat next to Tenchi. Both of them were wearing shorts and a loose
t-shirt but Jason had his sword strapped to his back sheathed in it's
leather holder.
    As Jason lay back Tenchi turned to him, "you should take it easy you
dont want to pull a muscle or something." Jason gave a cocky smile and took
a drink of lemonade which Sasami had brought out for him. Tenchi took a
giant gulp of his and laid back yawning.
    "Ryoko being keeping you up all night again."
    Jason nudged Tenchi twice and Tenchi replied by opening his left eye
sleepily. "You'd be amazed how much sleepwalking she does." Jason gave an
understanding nod.
    "So you decided Ayeka or Ryoko yet,"
    Tenchi shook his head, "no I cant I dont know how."
    "You've got to pick someone some time or else they'll get bored and
drift away eventually." Tenchi's glance shifted to something in the trees.
    "Well who do you think I should choose?"
    Jason was suprised he was being asked such an importan question, "Well
Ryoko's nice but Ayeka's got that family thing and then there's Sasami who's
really sweet and will look like Tsunami who is pretty hot. There are Mihoshi
and Kiyone who are quite good looking aswell. Then again Kiyone's too
attached to her job  and Mihoshi's too attached to Kiyone." He laughed
gently at his own joke. Tenchi didn't find it so funny. "Washu isn't
exactly...." he looked for the right word, "intrested in any relationship."
Tenchi nodded. He was right even though he hated to admit it most of the
girls were more intrested in themself now. There was a tap on Tenchi's
shoulder and as he turned round he saw a certain scientific genius.
    "What were you talking about my little guinea-pigs," said the red haired
genius. Tenchi and Jason both turned around flushing. Washu made a note to
herself that they both looked like they'd been hit on the head with frying
pans.
    "Nothing we were just talking about...." Jason looked over to the
equally embarresed Tenchi.
    "Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted it out so loud that he thought for one moment
Ryoko might appear wondering what was happening.
    Washu cocked her head and gave a cute smile, "really?" Tenchi and Jason
nodded in unison. "You really think you can fool THE GREATEST GENIUS IN THE
UNIVERSE with that idiotic story. Look at you're wrist Jason." Jason did so
and Tenchi did also. They both sighed when they saw a bright red gem shining
in the sunlight. *I know everything you think about Jason. Even your
thoughts about Ryoko* Jason flushed bright red as Washu's voice came through
in his mind.
    "Okay ya got us," Jason surrendered.
    Washu had a great big smile on her face. "I'll let you two off if you
take some tests." Reluctently the two warriors nodded and soon found
themself in Washu's lab strapped to several scanning devices wearing nothing
but their boxer shorts. Jason constantley tried to keep himself concealed as
much as he could but Tenchi knew it was hopeless and just tried to get it
over with. Washu who's nurse outfit had mysteriously vanished (which Tenchi
constantly mentioned wasn't his doing) glanced over at the control panel and
finished the last check.
     "Biometric scan complete," voiced the computer as it finished the scan
of Tenchi.
     Washu glanced at the data. "Power Level : normal Body Temperature :
Normal everything is normal." she turened to face the deeply bright red
Jason. "Dont worry this wont take long guinea-pig number 2," she made a
peace sign and winked. Typing up some information on her computer the
metalic binds that surrounded Jason began to scan him just as they did for
Tenchi.
     "Biometric scan complete," the computer repeated and Washu began
checking over the data.
     "It seems normal just like Tenchi's except for the wings and..... what
the...?" she began typing furiously.
     The computer gave a bleep, "acess denied highly classified data." The
computer repeated those words over and over again untill Washu finally
snapped slamming the computers lid closed.
     Jason tried to see what was on screen. "What's going on is their
something wrong with me?" Washu shook her head partly ignoring the question.
    "Damn it." she shouted slamming her fist into the computer. She gave a
bright smile to Jason, "my computer doesn't seem to be working right I'll
have to do your tests later." She glanced at the screen. Acces denied highly
classified data? What was that all about? The questions created a web of
confusing in Washu's head like she'd never felt before. Was ther esomething
wrong with Jason? Maybe she'd mistyped her password? She began to get a
headache and decided a bath would be in order. After unchaining both Tenchi
and Jason she made her way to the bath house and quickly took her seat.
Ryoko and Ayeka soon joined her chatting away about the last soap they
watched.
     "I cant believe Drake dumped Jerine" Ayeka whispered as she began to
enter the bath.
     Ryoko also joined her in the bath, "Jerine's an idiot Drake should got
out with Kolo. Oh hey Washu." Ryoko gave a short wave and laid down relaxing
in the warm water.
     Washu seemed to wake from her dream, "huh... oh right hey."
     "What's up with you?" Ryoko asked the day dreaming Washu.
     Washu looked up at Ryoko and Ayeka who were both leaning over
conserned. "It's nothing just something about Jason that's all."
     "Jason?" Ryoko and Ayeka asked in unison.
     Washu tried to get off the topic because it made her feel stupid not
knowing what was going on. "It's nothing." Ayeka and Ryoko laid back down
while Washu sat back in mixed thoughts.
     Ayeka also tried to get off the subject, "Miss. Washu.."
    "Little Washu," came a correction.
    Ayeka frowned. "Little Washu... I was wondering can I use your computer
to contact Jurai and make a report." Washu nodded not even knowing what was
said.
    There was a knock at the door followed by a sweet voice, "hello can we
come in."
    "Yea .. sure why not." everyone shouted back. Soon Princess Sasami of
Jurai and Ryo-ohki the cabbit entered and joined the other 3 in the bath.
    "Oh Sasami guess what," Ayeka was full of exctment and joy.
    Sasami shrugged her shoulders, "what Ayeka?"
    "I'm going to call Jurai later on thanks to Washu."
    Washu's ears pricked up. "You are?"

    Jason and Tenchi sat at the table drinks in hand trying to stay
concious. Nobuyuki and Yosho sat opposite talking to each other hapiily
drinking tea like it was water.
    "Hey where are the girls Tenchi?" Nobuyuki asked taking a gulp of tea.
    Tenchi also drank some tea and let out a gasp afterwards. "I think
they're in the bath house."
    Jason sat swirling his tea around in his cup. "What's a matter Jason
it's only tea."
    "And it's good for you," Nobuyuki added.
    Jason stared into the cup. "I dunno... oh forget it," he gulped the tea
down in one go. Cheers camne out from around them and they began to drink
somemore tea.
    After many many cups of tea Nobuyuki came up with an idea. "Let's go see
how the girls are doing." Nobuyuki creaped over to the door and opened it
slowly. Tenchi and Yosho followed drunk as they would ever be. Jason
reluctently followed eventually. As Jason reached the doorway he looked
inside past Nobuyuki, Yosho and Tenchi who were already inside. His eyes
widened and he began to choke. The water wasn't a clear liquid it was red
and had the horrible smell of blood. As Jason walked in he saw the dead
bodies of Sasami and Ayeka lying next to each over with a dead Ryo-ohki
laying on Sasami's head. Ayeka was on top of Sasami obviously trying to
protect her. Ryoko lay inside the pool blood pouring from a huge wound on
her stomach. Washu lay face down next to the  blood pouring from her dead
body. As Jason looked up he saw Nobuyuki and Yosho fall to the ground.
Tenchi stood a sword through his stomach blood pouring from it. At the end
of the sword stood a small shadowy man. He pulled out the green energy sword
that poured with blood and held it towards Jason.
    "Now it's your turn boy," said Kagato.
    Jason held up his arms in anger and fear. "Lighthawk wi..."
    "Not so fast." Kagato ran forward and slammed the sword into Jason's
ribs.
    Falling to the floor the young half Angel held his hand to the wound
seeing the blood seep out of it he looked up at Kagato's smiling face. "I've
failed you," he whispered more to himself then anyone else, "just like I
failed before and just like i always will. I failed."

    Jason sat up in his bed screaming madly. His pupils were so small they
were almost unseen. Sweat dripped everywhere and his everything around him
was moist. The damp air chilled his skin and he clambered up to sit on his
bed..
   "I hate sharing my bedroom with you," muttered Ryoko rubbing her head.
   Jason felt extremly embarresed. "i'm sorry I had a nightmare." He wiped
the sweat off of his head and looked at his alarm clock. 4 o'clock in the
morning.
   Ryoko was soon up and sat next to Jason on his bed. "Was this one about
Kagato aswell." Jason nodded and Ryoko wrapped her arms around him and
hugged him gently. "Look Jace I dont think Kagato is gonna come back we've
killed him twice now so he should know not to mess with us."
   "Yea I know I'm sorry and all but I just don't want to see you get hurt
or let you down."
   Ryoko's face turned a dim red, "that's sweet." Jason smiled and glanced
away his own face bright red now. He turned to face her and stared into her
bright shining eyes. She seemed so beautiful and sweet at night but fun and
exciting during the day. Ryoko was perfect. Leaning forward they both came
together in a deep kiss. Jason didn't know why but he felt as if he had to
let go.
   Ryoko blinked at him confused. "You love Tenchi not me I'll always be
just second best." Jason let go and began to lay back in bed.
  "That's not true," she whispered grabbing his arm, "I love you too. It's
just.." she didn't know what to say. She loved Tenchi and she had done all
her life even since watching him as a little child. But now Jason had come
along and she was even more confused than before.
   Jason laid down in his bed quietly, "good night Ryoko have a good sleep."
   "Good night," whispered Ryoko as she got into her own bed. She waited
untill he had fallen asleep. "I love you Jason." she told herself.

   As Jason awoke from his 3 hours sleep he took a quick glance at Ryoko's
bed. She was still asleep soundly resting from her interuption at night.
Jason ganced at the clock which now said it was 7.20 am. Quickly he began to
get dressed. After putting on his school uniform he walked over to the
sleeping Ryoko. She stirred in the shadow he created. Gently Jason brushed
back her hair and kissed her on the forehead. *I'm in love with a deamon
space pirate* he thought to himself glancing at her beautiful face. He
sighed and began to walk away untill he heard a loud yawn. Ryoko sat up and
smiled at Jason.
  "Good morning Ryoko." Jason felt something grasp on to his shoulder. Ryoko
soon appeared her arms wrapped around Jason's shoulders. Ryoko gently moved
in closer and kissed Jason. Jason felt her tounge on his lips and he opened
his mouth. Jason let her tounge slip through into his mouth and he soon did
the same to Ryoko. The kiss seemed to go on forever as neither wanted to let
go.  After a while they let go of each other.
   "Jason I love you." Ryoko felt tears spring to her eyes so she wiped them
away and gave a fake yawn. Even now she felt insecure about showing feelings
to anyone. Even Jason.
   Jason put his bag down and smiled, "I love you too Ryoko. You know I know
a great planet with some really good beaches."                "I'll pack my
things," Ryoko whispered and gently kissed Jason on the cheek.

   Washu stood typing information into her file database. "So Ryoko lets see
if you're any stronger sinc ethe battle with Kagato." Ryoko stood in
position just below the scanners. After a few minutes of scanning Washu
began to look at the information on screen. Information came up on screen
and Washu began to check through it. "Nothing much wrong although you're
still a bit off of perfect without your 3rd gem." Jason had decided he liekd
the look of the gems and wanted to keep one so Ryoko let him keep the gem on
his right wrist.
   "So I'll be okay for the trip me and Jason are going on?" Ryoko asked.
   Washu began to reach the end of the information. "Well everything seems
alright." more information appeared on the screen and she dropped the cup of
coffee she was holding. Sharply she turned to Ryoko in shock, "Ryoko
you're.... you're..." she couldn't find the words to say it."You're pregnent
Ryoko."

    Jason lay on the roof watching the sunset. Either he or Tenchi were the
father of the child and Washu was going to find out the results later on
that night. Even though he hoped it was his child Jason had a strange
feeling it was Tenchi's. Even though he and Ryoko were very close lately and
were almost a couple Tenchi and her were much closer at the expected time
of... well he didn't know what to call it. That made him think a moment
about himself. He was so immature, so childish and he hadn't grown up at
all. He felt an arm around his waist and a certain space pirate appeared
next to him.
    "Great news aint it," Ryoko rested her head on his shoulder and stared
at the sunset.
    Jason shrugged, "I dont know Ryoko I dont think I'm ready to be a
parent. And if it's Tenchi's then it'll just complicate everything."
    "You think too much Jason. We'll be fine and the baby will grow up happy
and healthy no matter what." Ryoko's words brought hope back to Jason.
    "Thanks Ryoko," he kissed her gently on the cheek.
    Ryoko looked up confused. "What for?"
    "For being so great," they rested their heads together and watched the
beautifull mixture of oranges, reds and purples in the sunset.

The End?

Authours note : Now you know why I called it The Angel and The Deamon. (I
made the title for a difrent reason but this fit perfectly). If i get a few
more e-mails I'll carry this on. Thanks to all those that e-mailed me up to
now thanks for the support (strangley alot of people like Jason when I set
him out to be a tradgic hero).
