Disclaimer : Jason and Keiro are mine the rest are Pionners so hands off.

  Keiro smiled innocently looking down at him. Tears began falling down her
cheeks and dripping onto the floor.
  "Why did you leave me Jason? Why do you hide from your true person?" she
questioned with a mix between anger and sadness. "You're my brother Jason.
You're my own flesh and blood. We're the same we should look after each
other but yet still you push me away." Jason stood up. He felt so angry wth
her how could she do this? Follow him here to this town? All he wanted was
to be normal but that's too much he has to be a freak and have this horrid
life thrown at him.
  "Keiro leave me alone." he snapped turning to walk away.
  "Dont you turn your back on me" she cried but he just ignored her "stop
right there. I dont want to have to use force." She yanked his arm backwards
but he threw it aside.
  "I'm not you, and I'm not like you," Jason croaked. He couldn't be angry
with Keiro though no matter how he tryed. She seemed to be so innocent it
was hard to believe how ruthless and merciless she could become when pushed.
He brushed his hair out of his face and looked her in the eye." I'll make
everything better Keiro just like when we were young and I looked after
you." With those words he strode over to Tenchi leaving Keiro to do what she
would. Before he was next to Tenchi though he looked back to see if she was
still there. She wasn't and so he entered the house with Tenchi.

  Tenchi and Jason were walking back home after a log hard day at school.
  "Look Tenchi, I need to tell you something," he sighed as he stopped
walking. Tenchi stopped aswell.
  "What is it?" Tenchi asked curiously.
  "I'm not really a normal kid," came the answer. Tenchi took a step back in
shock.
  "Really," Jason nodded.
  "I'm human that's for sure but, I have these wings like an angel," he
muttered.
  "What's so bad about that?" he asked falling back into his ryhmatic
walking. Jason ran up next to him and carried on walking.
  "You dont understand," Jason continued, "there's something else aswell as
the wings." Tenchi smiled. If only Jason knew about the other guys then he'd
not be quite so bothered about what's wrong with him."Look come here
Tenchi," He yanked Tenchi over to a small lake nearby the path. He pointed
at his reflection in the water. Tenchi gasped in amazement. It was Jason
that was for sure but he had bright silver shiny hair and silver eyes. It
looked like it was his twin brother.
  "What's that all about?" Tenchi blurted out. He was sorry as soon as he
said it, it was bad enough about the wings but two seeable abnormalities.
  "It's a God who is joined to me," Jason moaned sadly.
  "Just like Sasami and Tsunami," wondered Tenchi. Jason turned to face.
  "Just like Sasami and who?" he asked confused. Tenchi carried on walking
up the path.
  "It's a long story," he said as he began explaining what happened to him
since he met Ryoko. They talked about their adventures all the way home.

  "He's joined to a God," Ayeka spoke gently to Tenchi. Tenchi nodded.
  "He's an angel," exclaimed Ryoko enthusiastically. Washu seemed to be
thinking heavily and Sasami just smiled haapily.
  "He's like me and Tsunami," she said with glee.
  "Maybe....  he's from another planet. Like Jurai," answered Ayeka .
  "He could be your long lost brother Jasonia who is the true prince of
Jurai," whispered Ryoko sarcastically.
  "Do not insult Jurai you idiot Deamon," Ayeka insulted.
  "I can insult Jurai all i want you little snot nosed princess," Ryoko
argued. The two immediatly jumped to their feet and began arguing intensly.
  "Maybe we shoud ask him about it," Tenchi said to the group. Washu stood
up as an idea popped into her head.
  "I'll take a sample of him and run sometest on it," she quickly ran into
her laboratory leaving everyone else clueless. She quickly came back out and
grabbed hold of Jason who was busy doing the dishes and took him inside her
laboratory.Washu then quickly shut the door and locked it so no one could
interfere with her scientific work.

  Washu emerged after about an hour of testing.
  "I've finally finished," she annouced as Jason appeared holding his arm in
pain.
  "So what's the results," Sasami giggled with delight. Washu looked at a
piece of paper in her hands.
  "Wow Jason has an extremley weird DNA structure and his matabolism is
quite different aswell. It seems as if he has evolved beyond human form as
his genes are very advanced for a young child," Washu proclaimed. Jason
yawned and lay sat down in a seat. Washu shrugged and returned to her lab.
Tenchi sat thinking about Jason. He was strange no doubt and he did seem to
fit in with all the other strange girls in the house. Jason sat watching
Ayeka and Ryoko argue furiously.
  "Hey Jason," Tenchi shouted across the room, "mind showing meyour wings."
Jason nodded and quickly ran over to him. They walked out through the main
door.

  Jason stood on the grass tensed up ready for his wings to come out. He
took of his shirt quickly and waited patiently as he gathered enoguh energy
to do so. The wings suddenly folded out of Jason's back. They began to flap
gently and Jason flew up about a foot off the ground. The wings folded back
in and Jason fell to the floor. Tenchi grabed his hand and helped him up.
  "I cant hold it long," exclaimed Jason holding his ribs in pain. Tenchi
suddenly felt sorry for asking for him to show him them.
  "I'm sorry I made you show me," Tenchi sighed. But Jason laughed.
  "It's ok I love showing them off, they're pretty cool but i cant really
fly with them yet." They both returned indoors joking cheerfully.

  Tenchi looked out the window. Rain. The girls were in the bath house apart
from Sasami who was doing the dishwashing along with Jason. Maybe at least
he would get some time to think about which of the girls he liked most for
once. Maybe Jason could help him decide. He may not be great with girls but
he sure could use some help anyway. Tenchi began thinking over the
situation. Who to pick? Who would be his future bride? There was a tap on
his shoulder and he turned to see jason's smiley face behind him.
  "Why so down Tnchi?" he pondered.
  "I'm trying decide which of the girls I truly love," Tenchi replyed.
  "Ahhh well I can help you there,"
  "You can?"
  "Sure, It's quite simple really. I'll probabley be staying here a while as
long as you'll keep me so I just watch how you act ith each girl in turn and
then I pick the girl that you seem to be best with," Tenchi couldn't believe
how simple his plan was. Jason was the only neutral party involved though
apart from his dad or grandpa but they only wanted to see him get married
and have children Jason was diffrent he would figure out who Tenchi looks
right and feels right with.
  "Okay Jason we'll do that then,"

  2 weeks had passed since Jason's arrival and he was fitting in quite well
now. He did his share of the chores and he and Sasami were good friends and
often they took walks into the forest together. Jason had almost forgot
about Keiro but something inside him reminded him of her. She was always
there in his mind, her innocence lost somewhere in a mind that was warped by
violence aroud her. Keiro could look after herself though and Jason knew he
had to let her get on herself. He looked at his notepad he'd been writting
on. It was a scoresheet for Tenchi's soon to be love. A couple more days and
it woud be finished, and Tenchi would find out who he truly loved. At the
moment it was pretty close though with Ayeka in first than Ryoko than Washu.
If Sasami was in it she'd win easily because Tenchi and Sasami had a very
close bond. Everyone liked Sasami though  because she was hard to argure
with. Jason sat at the dinning table waiting for dinner. Tenchi took one
step into the room and suddenly was crowed by Ryoko and Ayeka. Dinner as
usual would be a long and winding argument between Ayeka and Ryoko about who
should get Tenchi. Sasami brought in some carrots and laid them in front of
Ryoko. She passed a bowl of rice and vegtables to Jason. Being a vegtarian
he normally ended up with rice and vegatables but Sasami made it so nice he
never seemed to mind. Sasami then brought in a wide range of food items and
placed them on the table. The gang began eating quickly trying to grab what
they could, all apart from Tenchi who seemed to eat his food slowly.
  "What's the matter Tenchi," asked Ryoko putting her arm around him to
comfort him. Tenchi just seemed to ignore her.
  "Tenchi are you ok you dont look too good," asked Ayeka pinching Ryoko
hand so she took it off of Tenchi's shoulder. Tenchi remained silent. Jason
tapped Tenchi on the shoulder.
  "You ok," he said pulling Ayeka and Ryoko away from him.
  "Yea I'm fine I was just thinking," Tenchi whispered depressed.
  "Too much thinking can be bad for you," joked Jason.
  "Yea i guesse you're right," he replied returning to his food. Jason hoped
back into his seat and began eating his rice and vegtables.

   How could Jason be so nice. He's got something about him that makes him
seem so nice. All he has to do is say something funny and you instantly
become happy. Thought Tenchi as he helped Sasami clear away the table.
  "That was delicious as always Sasami," complimented Jason. Sasami blushed.
  "It wasn't that great," she protested, "it was only rice and vegtabes."
  "Yes but what delicious rice and vegtables it was," he replied. Sasami
turned bright red with embarresment. It was the same routine after every
meal Jason would compliment Sasami on how great it was and Sasami would just
blush and say how it wasn't as great as Jasons aid it was. Tenchi was glad
he lived in this house with these people now even if it was stressfull. He
used to wish for his normal life back but lately he had been glad to be with
all these people. They made his life seem so exciting and so meaningfull. He
often wondered how he could return to normal life after being touched by
each one of these extrodinary people.

Next Episode : The Angel and The Deamon - chapter 3 : "broken"

In this episode the test has come to an end and Jason has the results. But
will they be the right person for Tenchi? How will the others take it? Also
in this episode we find out something about Keiro that was before unknown.

Authour note : ok i went a little off on the next episode bit from last
episode and i dramatically changed the storyline from a JAson fan fic to a
Tenchi's love fan fic. Dont worry all you fight fans aswell there will be
some action soon (hopefully). Please rate and review this episode and send
me your opinion.
