   Jason's head pounded and he had no idea what was happpening. Images
flashed before him, things that seemed familiar but he couldn't quite grasp
why. Memories came flooding back to him from long ago and he didn't like
them. He began to remember about how he joined with Tao and how he got his
wings. He was part of a porgram in which four children taken from their
families and homes at a reletivley young age were to be tested on and
transformed into the strongest warriors ever known. He tried to remember the
four children but his mind went blank. Why had he started to remember all of
this now why not before or later why now. The question seemed toplague his
mind but in the end all he could think of was it was just unlucky timing.
There was a knock at the door.
   "Come in," shouted Jason cooly returning to a seated position on the bed.
Ryoko phased through the dooor and sat next to him.
   "Jason, I got some bad news,"
   Jason yawned and simply answered, "what?".
   "We've got to go back to Tenchi and the others on Earth,"Ryoko replied.
Jason glanced back at her sharply.
   "Why has something happened to them?"
   "No their fine it's just theres a criminal heading towards Earth and
we're going to stop it," she answered with a look of sadness. Jason sighed
in regret. Back off to Earth almost as quickly as he'd left and only just
after he was begining to enjoy himself. He and Ryoko had really got on well
over the past couple of days and now they were almost like best friends.
   Jason stood up defiently and spoke, "let's go get that bad guy then."
When he said it in his head it sounded better than when he actually spoke
it. Ryoko laughed lightly and teleported to her feet. Ryo-ohki was napping
on few of Jasons' towels and was sunning itself in the light from outside.
Jason gently tapped her and she woke up sleepily.
    "We're ready to go," he whispered. Ryo-ohki shaked away her sleep and
quickly dove out the window transforming into her space ship form. Jason and
Ryoko were quickly teleported aboard and soon Ryo-ohki was flying away.

   "I wont allow you to get hrut Lord Tenchi," Ayeka cried. Tenchi smiled at
her.
   "I'm not going to get hurt," he joked, "I've got the Lighthawk wings."
Ayeka glanced at the ground.
   "You cant control them though you dont know how to use them," Ayeka
grimly spoke not looking up. He grasped her hand.
   "When the time comes I'll use the Lighthawk wings," he grinned. Ayeka let
out a weak smile and nodded at him. "Anyway we didn't just come out here to
talk about that did we," Tenchi proclaimed ending the short silence.
   "Oh no Lord Tenchi I wanted to ask you something," she held his hand up
in front of her. "Would you come to Jurai and marry me Lord Tenchi." tenchi
seemed shocked but happy.
   "Of course I will Lady Ayeka for I love you," the two embraced in a deep
kiss. This time neither Tenchi or Ayeka backed away as they both knew they
were in love.

   Ryo-ohki hadn't being flying long when it grounded to a halt spotting a
nearby spaceship. The spaceship was quite long and it had a large arsenal of
wepons.
   "I think the best way to do this would be to invade their ship," thought
Ryoko to herself.
   "You're right," whispered Jason from behind. He had his hand on her
shoulder reassuringly and was waiting for an order from her. Ryoko noticed
thar he had asword across his back which was the first time she had seen
that sword.
   "Ok Ryo-ohki transport us to that ship," Ryo-ohki answered Ryoko's cry
with a miaow of acceptence and teleported Ryoko and Jason to the other ship.
Ryoko and Jason both dropped down to a crouch when they reached the ship.
They were in a black corridor with no lighting. It was very dark and Ryoko
felt something was wrong. The two of them walked steadily along the corridor
and Ryoko created an energy sword with her right hand. Jason pulled his
sword out of it's sheth.
   "Tao can you give me a little help her," he whispered to his shadow.
Ryoko looked behind her to see a small shield appear at Jason's feet. A dark
shadow began crawling up him and soon he was covered in what looked like
Jurian armour but lightr and purple and silver elbow pads. It looked quite
strange and Ryoko had never seen anything like it before. "I designed it
myself with Tao's help, you know the God attatched to me," Ryoko nodded and
thetwo of them continued through the darkness. Jason slowly spread out his
wings so as not to frighten himself or Ryoko with sudden noise or movement.
Feathers gently fell on the floor beside and behind him fading into
darkness. The two of them continued walking around the hallway stealthly
ty#rying to find the control centre.

   Washu sat in front of the gang explaining what's happening in detail.
Tenchi and Ayeka were missing but lately everyone had come to expect that.
   "Ryoko and Jason are walking through a dark corrridor and Jason's wearing
this armour and he's got a sword and shield thanks to the god he's conected
to," Washu explained. Mihoshi seemed to be the only one excited as if it was
a tv program to her. Kiyone was laid on the couch resting from the long and
tiring police chase the two officers had had ust a few days ago and Sasami
was cooking happily in the kitchen. The house itself had begun to look like
a mess seeing as how Yosho and Noboyuki were out of town and Tenchi and
Ayeka were always busy no one seemed to get round to the chore apart from
Sasami. There was a long silence.
   Mihoshi suddenly burst the silence screaming, "what what what's happening
Washu tell me please," hile grabbing hold of Washu and shaking her about.
She tried t grasp outbut Mihoshi's grip was too strong.
   "Leeet.... Goooo.... Miii.... hoshi," she gasped shakily. Mihoshi let go.
   "Sorry it was just the suspense I couldn't stand it," Mihoshi cried.
Washu fell over backwards dizzily.

   Ryoko suddenly stopped. She felt something, a chill go up her spine. It
was something around something she couldn't see. Jason felt it too he began
searching for it. Left, right.... no it was behind them. They both spun
round as the enemy came into sight and dove at them. His sword swung at both
Jason and Ryoko but both of them dodged to their respective sides. Now Ryoko
could see who or what it was. A young boy around 11 or 12 wearing a red
jacket, a white t-shirt and denim shorts as well as a pair of trainers. His
hair was blonde and it curled down the right side of his face but stuck up
in many spikes on the left side. He was carrying a sword that he had to
carry in two hands ad he looked as if he didn't belong in a fight but rather
a school yard. He dove again bringing his sword up above and then down at
his enemy. Jason dove forward and blocked the child's attack and then
answered with his own. His sword was similar to the childs apart from the
handles Jason's was red with an emblem on it theother's was just black.
Ryoko stood back, better to save her strength and let Jason take this one
then them both waste energy in an easy fight. Jason blocked a shot from the
other child again and another block. The two swords clashed as the sound of
metal hitting metal rang throughout the corridor. Jason dropped to his right
the enemy's sword hitting the ground where he had just stood only a few
seconds later. Jason flung round his sword with all the force he had only to
see that he wasn't hitting anyone. No one was there. Or was he? He was using
his invisability power. A kick to Jason's back sent him to the floor in
suprise. Another three kicks to his ribs. Jason flipped to his feet and
jumped towards the wall feet first. He hit the wall and bounced off it using
all the strength he had. Suddenly his wings outstretched out even further
and he flew up towards the roof. Although the corridor was wide and quite
high Jason still didn't have the space he wanted. He hovered up in the sky
searching for a glimpse of his opponent. Then he saw,it was quite strange,
it seemed as if the air was being distorted. That was wher ehe was. Jason
dropped down towards him and slammed his sword down again answered by
another sword. The two stood pushing against the other with all their
energy. The child began to give way unable to hold the force being placed on
him and he fell backwards reappearing. The child seemed amazed someone could
match up to him. He scattered away down the corridor in the way that Jason
believed he had come. Ryoko quickly flew after him followed by Jason runing
behind her. They couldn't let him escape because he would tell the others
about them. Ryoko and Jason turned a corner and were faced by two tall
people wearing red suits that covered their entire body. They had a gas mask
on and they held two swords that resembled the tenchi-ken. The kid ran past
them obviously heading back to his base HQ. Jason tried to run past them but
the one on his side slammed him into the wall.
   "You will not pass!" he said holding Jason by his neck against the wall.
Ryoko ran forward to try and save him but the other person grabbed hold of
her right leg and span her round. She kicked him in the face with ehr free
leg and tried to dive forward to save Jason.

   Ayeka and Tenchi entered the room quitely blushing. The nticed everyone
was crowding round a spot so they came towards them too.
   "What's up?" asked Tenchi innocently.
   "Ryoko and Jason are battling the criminal and his associates right now
and Washu is telling us what's happening," answered Kiyone.
   "How are they doing?" asked Tenchi.
   "Not good, not good at all," answered Washu sighing. Tenchi sat down in
front of her quickly.
   "Why what's happening? How can they be losing?" Tenchi asked worried.
   "Look I don't know do I. I can only tell you what's happening," Washu
shouted at him angrily. A silence followed as everyone seemed embarresed.
   Tenchi stood up in anger. "We're going up there. Kiyone you've got Yugami
and Ayeka I'd like you to come too." Kiyone stood up quickly and ran outside
to get Yugami.
   "What about te rest of us?" asked Sasami.
   "The rest of you stay here," answred Tenchi. He and Ayeka quickly left to
board Yugami and help Ryoko and Jason.

    Jason tried to breathe but he couldn't. It must be a robot holding him
because no one has a strong grip like that, he thought gasping for air.
Ryoko kicked at the Robot holding her leg but still he held on strong. She
kicked him in the face several times and still he didn't let go. She span
round energy sword in hand and swung it at the robots head. He blocked it
with his own sword but still held her leg with the other. Jason punched him
in the face kicked him in the ribs did everything he could but still the
grip increased till he could barely breathe. He began to lose conciousness.
His punches grew less strength untill he could barely lift his arm. He
suddenly stopped unable to carry on fighting and dropped down to the floor
as the robot let go of him. Ryoko kicked out in anger seeing Jason fall to
the floor unconcious. She hit the robot in the face with all her might
sending it reeling and dove at the other robot. She elbowed it in the face
and then uppercutted it with her other arm. But the second robot had
recovered and hit her from behind with his free arm and the two robots hit
her down to the floor. Ryoko tried to get up but she couldn't the robots
constantly assaulted her. She began to lose slip of conciousness herself.
One of the robots grabbed old of her and the other robot grabbed Jason. That
was when she lost conciousness.
