Disclamer : Neither Tenchi Myou or Tenchi Universe are mine goodbye.

  Ryoko lay in her bed turning uneasily. She saw herself running in her
sleep through a fild. The flowers sayed in the wind. She spotted a dark
figure with bright long wings. She ran towards hm. Embracing together she
felt hiswarm hands on her face. The two of them kissed gently. The sky went
black she looked at who she was kissing. The Angel ad gone and now there was
no one there. She looked down to see the Tenchi sword through her stomach.
With her last breath she fell to the floor. Ryoko woke up from her nightmare
and sat up in her bed. What a strange drea did it mean anything? It was
probabley just because of what se had the night before.

  Tenchi crept along the floor silentley. Just a few more steps and he
wouldn't have to go through the morning routine. He made a run for it. At
least he thought he did he looked behind himself and saw Ryoko olding his
shirt.
  "Where do you think you're going Tenchi dear?," she asked materilising in
front of him.
  "Ryoko leave Tenchi alone let him go to school in peace." Ayeka ordered
entering the room. Ryoko turned to face her and then back to Tenchi.
  "Why if it isn't the old bat." Ryoko sniggered.
  "What did you call me?" Ayeka snaped at Ryoko.
  "You heard me little princess." Ryoko taunted. The two were face to face
now and Tenchi saw his move he darted for the door. He dove through it and
ran down the path till he had managed to get out of sight.

  Tenchi was about half way to his school when he saw three bullies older
than himself surrounding a boy about Tenchi's age. They were taunting him
getting ready to attack him. Tenchi ran over and entered the middle of the
circle to protect the boy.
  "Pick on someone your own size," he called with a defiant tone. The
tallest boy took a couple of steps forward.
  "What you?" he suddgested.Tenchi smiled.
  "Bring it," he gestured. The boy took one step forward but was cutoff when
Tenchi kicked him the face. He then spun and punched the second boy. Ready
for the third he span to face him but found he was already down. Above him
stood the boy. The boy had pale skin and not just normaly pale skin it was
almost like a ghost. He had dark purple eyes and long blue hair. The boy
turned to face Tenchi.
  "You ok?" Tenchi asked.
  "Yes i'm fine," the boy answered
  "What's your name?" Tenchi questioned. The boy smiled walking away.
  "Call me Jace," he called back.

  Tenchi sat in class looking out the window. He always ignored his teacher
and watched the outside till real work started.
  "So Jason is our new student. Why dont you sit behind Tenchi? He
continued. Tenchi looked up his name was mentioned. He saw the boy from
earlier sit behind him. They smiled at each other and nodded "hello".
  "Jason will be staying with you Tenchi as long as you agree," his teach
blabbed. Tenchi choked at this. There was already a whole load of people
there and he would have trouble hiding their powers too. But he could hardly
refuse where was the boy to stay? Family  didn't look like he had one and
not many friends. Tenchi would keep him their for a while but mostly out of
sight from the girls. Any way it would be nice to have someone to talk to
about the girls except for his father and grandfather who always mentioned
marrying them. Tenchi turned to face the teacher and began working.

  "Another guest and this one's aboy," Nobuyuki called, "well i was glad for
you when you brought girls home but a guy what has become of you Tenchi."
Tenchi's face went a bright red color Jace sweat dropped.
  "Dad I'm not going out with hi he's a friend from school," Tenchi answered
back ashamed.
  "Okay Tenchi but you decide where he sleeps," his grnadfather answered.
Tenchi nodded to JAce and the two of them left the room to go look for the
other members.

  "So you've met Yosho and Nobuyuki my father and grnadfather now meeet the
rest of the gang," he took Jace into the living room and pointed out each fo
the girls.
  "So this must be your mother huh," he said pointing to Ayeka. Ayeka's face
went bright with angry and she grabbed hold of Jace's shirt and lifted hi in
the air.
  "What did you say," she snapped. Jace scrambled to get down.
  "ok my mistake," he answered nervously. The rest of the group giggled as
Ayeka dropped jason.
  "I'll be in my room," called Ayeka as she walked upstairs. Jason was
introduced to the others and explained about how they got here leaving out
anything that was unordinary.
  "Tenchi is there anywhere to change," he asked. Tenchi nodded and took his
out towards the bath house.
  "The bath house will have to do as your changing bit for today but I'm
sure you'll have a bedroom soon," Tenchi mummbled. The two of them talked
all the way there and back. Jason has put on a black t-shirt and black
jeans. He looked dark and depressing. Tenchi noticed a small silver chain
hung around his neck. There was an emerald on the end.
  "What's that," Tenchi curiously asked.
  "It's just something to remember my mom and dad," he answered ,"they died
while i was little." He seemed to be uneasy on the subject.
  "You dont have to talk about it if you like," Tenchi whispered, "my mom
died too while i was young aswell." The two of them returned to the house
from the bright outside with grim expressions on. Why was it always hard to
be happy while Jason was around.

  Ryoko watched Jason uneasily. He had only one small back pack on him and
that had only clothes in. Didn't he have any stuff.
  "While Mihoshi and Kiyone are away you can have their room," Tenchi
carried on with a smile. Jason nodded appreciatley. "They're doing business
somewhere else and they have their own apartment so they rarely stay here,"
Tenchi answered. Jason pushed all of his stuff into a small draw. The
bedroom was bright and Jason would hate it. Ryoko didn't like this new kid
he was diffrent uneasy confusing he was just strange.
  "I like it," Jason reported after inspecting the room.
  "Dinner will be done soon," Tenchi continued, "come on Ryoko leave Jason
alone with his new bedroom." Jason lay on the bed with a smile on his face.
  "I'm going to like it here just so long as Keiro doesn't show up." Jason
lay back trying to get the name Keiro out of his head.

Sasami sat talking with Jason about Ryo-ohki she explained what
Ryo-ohki is and then the tricks she taught Ryo-ohki. They all had to pretend
everything was normal so they told Jason it was a cat that wanted to be a
rabbit. Washu sat next to Jason. She was looking for the right time to get a
piece of hair skin anything she could get DNA from.
  "Jason how about a hug to cheer you up you seem a litte unhappy," Washu
butted in to the conversation. Jason and Sasami sweat dropped but Jason
agreed. As they hugged Washu took a small hair that fell and let go of
Jason. She skipped away to her laboratory. Sasami carried on talking. Tenchi
walked in then looking for Jason.
  "Jason i need your help," he asked quickly. Jason nodded.
  "Sorry Sasami i need to help Tenchi," he called back.
   That's ok," Sasami answered. She ran back into her kitchen carrying on
cooking dinner.

  Tenchi dragged Jason along. They skidded to a halt a while away from the
house.
  "Jace do you train at all," Tenchi asked. Jace nodded.
  "A bit," he answered "why?". Tenchi smiled passing him a long wooden
sword.
  "I want to see how good you are," he replied hlding hiis up ready to
fight. Tenchi took a step forward as Jace readied himself. He swung his
sword at Jace's head but Jace ducked. This was bad everytime he was in a
close battle his wings popped out and he flew away to safty automatically
but if he gets hit here then Tenchi would know about him being an Angel. He
would have to take a dive. The two had attacked and blocked and attacked and
blocked or quite a while and it had beeen even matched. Tenchi swung his
sword just missing Jace but Jace dropped to the floor. He pretended it had
hit him. Tenchi quickly dropped his sword and helped Jace up.
  "Sorry about that i thought you'd block that one." he said
sympathetically.
  "It's ok it happens." Jace answered dropping his sword. The two of them
walked back to the house. Jace stoppd a second.
  "I'll get the swords," he called running back to where they had been. He
stopped and picked them up but when he looked up he saw something that
scared every part of him. A 6ft deamon girl ,taller than Jace by far, with
long black hair and red eyes stood before him. She stretched out her dark
wings. She was wearing a white t-shirt and blue jeans. She was human liek in
complexion but had certain deamon features like her wings an eyes. She took
a step forward and smiled at Jace.
  "Long time no see my little Angel," she smiled.
  "Keiro," was the only word Jace could speak.

TO BE CONTINUED

next episode : The angel and The Deamon - chapter 2 :"The truth"
In this episode The gang find out the truth about Jason and his connection
with Keiro the Deamon.

Authour note : Well that concludes my first fan fic ever. Please rate and
review and e-mail any comments. Also if you would like to be a preereader
than e-mail to me.
