  Ryoko sat starring out the window. Why did Tenchi chose Ayeka? Did he
really love her or was he just under pressure. Whatever the reason she
didn't care now he was history and it was time to return to life before
she'd had Tenchi. Although now she had a partner to keep her company. Jason
may not be strong, as such and he wasn't the smartest person she knew, but
he was fun to be around and always seemed to have something to say about
everything. Jason yawned and stood up about to leave the room.
  "Well Ryoko looks like it's time for me to get to bed," Jason smiled.
Ryoko smirked evily.
  "What's the rush the funs only begining," she tittered. Jason halted in
mid-walk.
  "And what do you mean by that..." he paused. Ryoko handed him a drink
before he managed to finsih a sentence.
  "Come on what harm will it do," she gestured.
  "It'll harm my health," he protested, he stopped and then looked at the
drink. He drank it quickly and then fell over backwards. Ryoko sat holding
in her laughter."That's strong," he cursed sitting up." Soon they were both
comletely sensless after a many amount of drinks.
  "Soooo what do you think of it now Jassson," she slurred.
  "Wellll I.. it's.... you see..." he tryed to say but he seemed to never
finish his sentence. Ryoko fell over backwards with laughter. The two were
crouched down amidst a whole heap of empty bottles drinking tea.
   "You know what I really miss Tenchi," she croaked. Jason looked up to see
Ryoko sad after being happy just a minute ago.
   "Hey cheer up I'm here. Ssso we'll have none of your moping," he joked.
Ryo-ohki bumped along through an asteroid field miaowing a song to itself.
Ryoko looked up and smiled.
   "You're right. Goodbye Tenccchhi who needs him not  me i tell you," she
blurted.
   "That's the spirit," Jason shouted with glee, "but where are we going."
   "The nearest planet Ryo-ohki," she said and soon Ryo-ohki was speeding
away.
   "You know this really hass been fun and I'm glad you let me come," Jason
noted.
   "Well I'm glad you came 'cosss now we can have loadsss of Tencchi free
fun," she shouted. The two laughed at one another and Ryo-ohki miaowed in
pity. The ship hit an asteroid sending Ryoko and JAson flying. Ryoko fell
backwards and JAson was sent into the air. Ryoko caught him gracefully in
her arms.
   "Thanks," muttered Jason in a daze.
   "Dont mention it," replied Ryoko. The two stared into each others eyes
unable to speak. Ryoko suddenly felt closer to Jason than ever.

   Tenchi sat in deep thought watching the skies. He'd chosen Ayeka but why.
Because of some test Jason made, did he really love Ayeka. He'd hurt Ryoko
badly and most of the other girls were upset aswell. Ayeka seemed to be the
only happy one. Tenchi was confused by his choice though. It seemed to
plauge his mind like an evil disease and he couldn't stop thinking about it.
Why had Jason left too? JAson was reckless and he'd just left because he
felt like it. Neither of them had thought about it. Then again had Tenchi
when he made his announcement. Maybe it would have been better if he'd have
just left it how it was. The morning seemed to pass quickly and soon Tenchi
was practicing with his grandfather. He couldn't seem to concentrate though
no matter how much he tryed to forget. Yosho slammed his sword down and
knocked Tenchi's to the side.
  "What's the matter Tenchi you seem even more off guard than usual," his
grandfather questioned.
  "I'm just worried about Ryoko and Jason," he sighed.
  "I think they can handle themself. Remember Ryoko is a space pirate and
Jason is... well I'm sure they'll be fine," Yosho laughed. Tenchi imagined
Ryoko making Jason help her rob banks and things.
  "I'm sure you're right," he concluded returning to the training.

  Sasami stood alone. Surrounded by nothingness, just black emptyness. Where
was everyone, where had they gone. She knew it was a dream but yet she felt
so alone.
  "Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko," there was no answer to her call, "anyone." She
looked around, it was some kind of a hall but it was like a base. Metal
pipes and wires were everywhere and it had markings on the walls. There were
four doors all had paths coming from them which met in the middle. Sasami
noticed she was in the middle. Then suddenly a door opened and a young boy
around 12 came running out. He ran into the middle and it seemed he couldn't
see Sasami. Tears fell from his eyes as he ran past Sasami. The door he was
running to and the one he was running from opened and two tall masked men
wearing grey uniforms stepped out. The boy turned to run to the other paths
but when he ran towards them two more men came out. The young boy had blue
hair and purple eyes. He was similar to Jason, or maybe it was Jason as a
child.
  "Dont take me back," the boy screamed, "I'm not going back." He was
getting ready to fight. Sasami was shocked by all this, was this what had
happened to Jason was the boy him. The young boy screamed in fear and just
when it looked like they would catch the boy two golden wings began forming
from his back. The boy stood strong growing slightly taller as the wings
coming out. His hair turned silver and then his eyes too as if they had just
been dyed.
  "Now you shall pay," he boomed through the halls with a no longer sweet
but venomous voice. The men around him were backing away fearfull for their
own lives. Then suddenly they were on fire, burning. The heat was unbearable
and the room seemed to melt in the flames. Sasami fell into nothingness only
to be awoken from her dream.

  Ryoko and Jason just stared at each other for ages.
  "Ryoko I..." he began but he didn't finsih it. The two of them turned away
quickly and Ryoko dropped Jason onto the floor. Jason landed on his feet.
  "I do like you Jason but I'm in love with Tenchi, with you it's a like not
a love," she answered a questioin she knew Jason was thiking.
  "Me too," Jason replied, "except for the loving Tenchi part." Silence
followed untill Ryo-ohki miaowed urgently.
  "Ryo-ohki says we're nearing the planet," Ryoko translated to Jason. Jason
smiled, civilistaion at last. Ryo-ohki slowed as it entered the atmoshpere
and they found a sutible out of reach place to land.
  "Where to now," Jason asked when they were outside. Ryo-ohki quickly
changed to cabbit form and bounded along after them. Dense jungle surrounded
them and they ahd no idea where they were. JAson pointed to the left.
  "You sure?" Ryoko asked cautiously. JAson nodded and they followed the
direction . Soon they reached the edge of the jungle and as Ryoko looked out
she saw something she hadn't been expecting. It was a beach by the sea.
  "Wow that was lucky," exclaimed Jason grabbing hold of Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki
miaowed joyfully in agreence.
  "Hold on there you two," Ryoko ordered. Ryoko scanned the surrounding
area. "Well it looks fine," she complimented. Jasn and Ryo-ohki quickly ran
onto the beach and dove into the sand to find a spot to sit. Ryoko followed
slowly and sat next to Jason whe she got there. "You know you're just like a
little kid," Ryoko mummbled as Jason began sunbathing.
  "I just dont worry about things," Jason protested.
  "Sometimes you've got to be worried or something bad wont happen like
when.." she argued not looking.
  "We should get changed into some beach clothes," interupted Jason. He was
at the moment wearing a black t-shirt, black jeans and black trainers. Jason
didn't fit in at all with the crowd but Ryoko on the other hand was wearing
a white t-shirt and red shorts and blended with the crowd perfectly.
  "Well i could do with something more revealing," pondered Ryoko.
  Jason nodded, "how much money we got."
  "Enough dont worry," sniggered Ryoko. She lead Jason off to a nearby
stall. It was made of wood and had a big sign above it saying "Half price
sale". Ryoko quickly dragged him inside before he could read anything else.

  Tenchi yawned as he walked down the stairs. He prepared himself for attack
from Ryoko. He suddenly remembered what had happened.
  "Good morning Lord Tenchi," came a voice that woke him up. It was Ayeka.
  "Morning," he replied dazed. Ayeka leant forward and gently kissed him on
his cheek. Tenchi smiledat Ayeka and they held each others hands. Mihoshi
soon interupted them though as she came running throug ploughing into them.
  "Look, look, look at this," she shouted holding a letter in front of
Tenchi's face but not long enough so he could read it."It means i get to
stay here with all you for another whole week," she screamed extatically.
Kiyone entered with bags under her eyes and looking very sleepy.
  "Mihoshi can you be quiet for on second of the day," she screamed.
Everyone but Mihoshi and Kiyone sweat dropped.
  "But I'm so excited we dont have to go to work for another week," she
commented.
  Kiyone looked up shocked, "really, let me see that," she yanked the letter
and began reading it repidly. By now Tenchi and Ayeka were sat at the
dinning table and Sasami was bring ing breakfast. "Wow you're right,"
exclaimed Kiyone sitting at the table neatly. Sasami lay all the plates out
neatly for everyone. She counted 10 but then relised her mistake.
  "Where is everyone she said taking away half of the plates," she commented
confused.
  "Well we got a message from Jason and Ryoko they're on some planet. Washu
is in her laboratory and wont be coming out for some time she said. Father
and Grandfather are up at the shrine doing some work." Tenchi explained in
detail.
  "If you and Mihoshi were still at work Kiyone that would only leave three
of us," Sasami wondered. Tenchi thought about it for a moment, it did seem
like they had all split up and gone their seperate ways. Ayeka wrapped her
arms around Tenchi and hugged him tightly.
  "The less people here the more our love can grow Tenchi," Ayeka smiled.
Tenchi turned to face her embaressed but she merley smiled at him.

   Ryoko and Jason were both laid sun bathing while Ryo-ohki played in the
sand. Jason was wearing black shorts and nothing else while Ryoko wore her
normal bathing costume and a pair of sun glasses. Ryoko sat up rememebring
something.
  "What is it?" Jason questioned opening one eye.
  "You never told us anything about yourself really," Ryoko remembered.
  "Oh well what would you like to know," Jason replied shutting his eyes
again.
  "Well everything really, I mean I dont know anything about you and here we
are on a diffrent planet lounging on a beach," Ryoko said feeling less safe
with Jason all the time.
  "Well I cant remember where I born my mom and dad died when i was young I
have a sister name Keiro and I am connected to a God named Yuko just like
Sasami and Tsunami except mine looks just like me with silver hair and
eyes."
  "Well all I know is I've been alone for the past 700 years," Ryoko
muttered laying down. The two of them lid depressed by themselve untill
Ryo-ohki came to cheer them up. She miaowed happily and bounded onto Jason's
cheast. He opened his eyes and smiled at Ryo-ohki who was now looking
straight at him.
  "You're right Ryo-ohki we should cheer up," said JAson sitting up. He
wiped the sand off of his cheast that Ryo-ohki had put there and looked
around. "Vanilla or choclate?" he asked the sleepy Ryoko.
  "Huh," she dozed.
  "Ice-cream me and Ryo-ohki are gonna get some,"
  "Vanilla will be fine," she replied handing him some money. He took it and
ran over to Ryo-ohki who was stood bouncing up and down outside a small
stall. A young teenage girl stood before him with short brown  hair that
just reached the bottom of her ears and beautifull jade eyes. She smiled
politley.
  "What can i get you...." she trailed off, "Jacey is that you?"
  "Krais well I never what are you doing on a small planet like this," he
replied shocked but happy.
  "Enough about me what about you, that's the space pirate Ryoko," she
sniggered, "are you two...you know>"
  "No she's gone through a hard time and so I said I'd accompany her while
she got over something," he uttered leaving detail so as not to make Ryoko
look pathetic. Ryo-ohki nudged Jason fiercly."Oh yea one vanilla one mint
choc and a slice of carrot cake," Jason ordered politely.
  "Coming right up sir," answered Krais. She strode through a door to the
back room and returned with the food requested. Jason handed over the money
and handed the carrot cake to Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki quickly ate it and miaowed
delighted. Jason returned to Ryoko and handed her an ice cream and ate the
other himself. Krais stood smiling watching them over the counter."I know
we'll meet again and when we do," she giggled allowing two fangs to show,
"it'll be a real good time."

   Washu sat at her console sipping her tea anxiously. The click click of
her typing had almost become hypnotic.
   "Hello what's this," she wondered as she came across a message. She
double clicked on it with her mouse. Suddenly she saw a Juraian commandor
stood at the screen. The vision fuzzed and there was a loud crackling noise
coming from the speakers.
   "Please anyone help us. We caught a prisoner but he has escaped, he took
out all our guards everyone he is very dangerous," the Jurian pleaded.
  "Sounds like Ryoko," sniggered Washu sipping her tea.
  "He's heading towards the solar system towards the planet Earth. We have
been serverly damaged...." Washu spat out her tea as the message finished.
  "Wow he's coming to Earth well I never. I wonder who he is anyway." Washu
thought to herself. She ignored it and carried on work.

  Tenchi and Ayeka were holding hands watching the sun set.
  "Well I've certainly enjoyed today Lady Ayeka," said Tenchi getting up.
Ayeka imediatly stood up with him.
  "As have I," Ayeka complimented. Ayeka gently leaned over and the two
kissed like lovers who were once lost but had now been found. The kiss
seemed to go on forever for both of them but then they parted.
  "We should get back," said Tenchi quickly. Ayeka seemed puzzled by this.
Why was Tenchi still shying away from their love, she knew he loved her and
he knew she loved him but yet he still denied it.
  "Tench," she said unsure of what to say next, "why do you keep shying
away."
  Tenchi turned back ,"I'm just... well I dont think i should rush into
things," he muttered trying to turn away from Ayeka.
  "But Tenchi," she said pulling him back ," dont deny our love."
  "I love you Ayeka, but just give me some time," answered Tenchi and there
was silence all the way home from that.

  Ryoko banged on the table angrily.
  "There's got to be a room," she snapped at the receptionist.
  "I'm afriad not miss we're all booked up," the receptionist replied
keeping cool. Ryoko hanked hold of her by her shirt.
  "There's a room here and we're getting it," sneered Ryoko. Jason was sat
back watching in delight while Ryo-ohki played n a water fountain. The
recpetion dropped some keys into Ryoko's. "Thank you," grimced Ryoko as she
gesured for Ryo-ohki and Jason to follow her. They entered the room which
was only a couple of floors up and soon Ryoko jigged the keysinto the lock
and flung the door open. The room in front of them was obviously a suite.
There were two huge double beds and even 2 bathrooms. The room was divided
into two bedrooms and a small entrance and was decorated with white and very
light blue. Jason dove onto the bed in his room. While Ryoko flung the
little belongings they'd brought to the side. It was very dark outside and
so the two decided it would be best to go to bed now. Jason relised how
tired he actually was. It had been the longest day he could remember and he
had spent a lot of Ryoko's money. He was just udressing when he past a
mirror. His reflectyion smiled at him. Well he knew it wasn't his reflection
it was the God that was connected to him.
  "Hey toa," Jason sighed.
  "Jason," the reflection nodded. "So you with the space pirate," Toa
sniggered.
  "Seems like everyone thinks that," Jason groaned.
  "Well I've been watching you and you do make a cute couple," Toa teased.
  "Oh give it a rest I'm off to bed," he said embarresed. Toa nodded and
disappeared. Jason quickly got into bed wearing only his black shorts. He
dropped his head onto the pillow and soon fell asleep.

  Tenchi quickly ran out of the house stopping only to grb something of the
table.
  "I'm late gotta go," he shouted running through the door. He sprinted down
the path and carried on sprinting till he reached the school. By the time he
reached there he was dripping with sweat. As he reached the school door he
was greeted by a girl. She had long black hair and red eyes and she
obviously went to the school because she was wearing the uniform.
  "Have you seen Jason," she asked.
  "Yes ..but he had to go somewhere with a friend,. Why?"
  "Oh nothing just tell him Keiro asked about him ok," Keiro requested.
Tenchi nodded and smiled.
  "Are you a relative of his?" Tenchi asked.
  "Yes I'm his sister," she exclaimed.
  "Well i gotta go see ya later," he replied running off to class. Keiro
also went in to get to class.

Authours note: I've decided to scrap the next issue thing cos i seem to
change it anyway. Nothing much has happened yet though and it's all just
basically getting you ready for the story really. As allways rate and review
and please e-mail anything you want to say. Dont worry aswell the first REAL
fight scene will be up next.