The Angel and The Deamon - chapter 6: "Curse of the Half Angel"


disclaimer : Tenchi aint mine but Jason is.

Authours note : ok I'm spending a lot more time on this now and i'm not
going to be sloppy anymore like having  a capital a in Jason. The story is
reaching an exciting moment and this saga is reaching a close but I'm
starting the next one straight after. As always plz Rate and review.

  A high pitched, screaming yell of fear and pain shattered Jason's sleep.
So sudden and awful was the yell and so deep his sleep that, for a moment,
he could not even think what had awakened him. Terrified annd confused, he
stared around, trying to understand where he was, trying to discover what
had frightened him so that he could hardly breath.
  He was lying on a damp,hard floor. His body shook convulsively from the
chill that penetrated his bones. The scream again piercing his soul shrilly.
Jason's violet purple eyes flashed open and suddenly his pupils diolated.
  "Ryoko," he screamed flipping to his feet. Chains bound him to the wall
he couldn't move. Pain surged through his body he couldn't breathe. Rubbing
his throat gently he returned to the wall where his chains were tied. How
long had passed since he was attacked, hours, days. No it must not have been
long. The scream came again softer now almost exhausted. Jason cringed from
hearing it. He recognized it as Ryoko and knowing that brought more fear to
his heart, along with sorrow. It stopped, obviously Ryoko had passed out
from the pain. Jason tensed himself up as he would be next for certain. The
limp body of Ryoko was dragged into the room by the young blonde boy and
laid on the floor and chained back to the wall. The kid smirked evily at
Jason as he began walking towards them.
  "You're next," whispered the boy his face darkening as he undid the
chains and held Jason's weak arm behind his back in an arm hold.
  "Tell me what's your name?" Jason asked as he was pushed along to the
room Ryoko had come from.
  "Tek," he said cooly. Jason smiled and nodded as he was pushed harshly
into the room. "Prepare for a shock my worthy adversary," Tek laughed
shoving him forward causing him to stumble and only just stay on his feet.
Jason looked up and felt his legs shake underneath him almost making him
fall on the floor shaking violently. His voice failed him and his eyes
filled with sorrow.
  "Kr-Kr...." he choked on the name. Regaining his composer as he faced the
blonde girl he tried again, "Krais."
  Stroking back her hair from her face she smiled gracefully, "you should
never have joined with that space pirate Jason. She's not your type of girl
anyway," she pulled him up close to her, "why not stay here with me and Tek
just like before. We can get Keiro aswell all the gang just like before."
Jason pulled his gaze away from her scanning the room he was in thinking of
an escape plan. Krais pulled his face towards her locking her gaze on his.
"I never stopped loving you half-angel," he seemed confused by that and
Krais saw it in his eyes. "Has Tao done that to you, has he so corrupted
your mind that you cannot remember your a half-angel."
  Suddenly he felt a throbbing pain in his head screming out at him to
attack. *Kill her now* it screamed *kill her*. Suddenly Jason's eyes flashed
bright silver. Tek's grip losened and Jason was free for a split second.
That was all that was need. Shaking the chains off he spun kicked Tek in the
face and began to turn and run. The silver grew brighter stronger taking
over his body. As he turned around Krais saw her worst fear. Tao had
obtained control of Jason.

  Yagami had drifted through space for days and days searching for the lost
ship along with Jason and Ryoko. They had met up with Ryo-ohki who had been
badly damaged in a battle between the two ships. Now they were using
Ryo-ohki's connection with Ryoko to find where they were. Tenchi paced
furiously about the bridge trying to think what to do. He sighed sitting in
a chair hopelessly confused. Ayeka was sat next to her and Kiyone at the
piloting controls. *This was all his fault* he told himself. *If only I
would have left things like they were everybody would be ok, even though
Jason did the test it was still up to me to decide weather to go by the
test*. He closed his eyes trying to concentrate on a plan. Ayeka sat
nervously waiting for something to happen. Kiyone fiddled with the controls
furiously, her arms so tensed up that they nearly hurt. But then something
blipped on the screen and after a few button presses and a com-link opened
up. Washu sat smiling sadly at the other end of it. Kiyone let the tension
slip and smiled gratefully as everyone huddled around.
  "Any luck in finding them," Washu asked sorrowfully. Kiyone shook her
head while Tenchi just stared down at the floor. At that moment both Washu
and kiyone saw something on their consoles. Both quickly tried frantically
to work out what it was. Washu was first which Kiyone wasn't suprised about.
"It's... an energy masss, almost equal in power to the light hawk
wings.... do you think.." Tenchi replied to Washu with a nod.
"It's either Ryoko or Jason I just know it," he paused for a second,
"...but  equal to the lighthawk wings are you sure." Washu didn't answer but
Kiyone did for her.
"It's an incredible amount of power located in such a tiny space. If you
wernt here I'd be certain it was you using the lighthawk wings," nobody
spoke for a while.
"But if it is the lighthawk wings and either Jason or Ryoko used them
that's good right I mean we know where their loyalties stand?" even though
Ayeka meant what she said to be a statement it seemed more like a question.
She began to question it herself.
"I think you're right Ayeka," Tenchi said after a long silence.

  "You're pathetic,"
The blue haired teen looked up ungratefully relising this was a dream. His
face scournfull of his opposition as was the case with most people. Edging
forward he removed his sword from it's sheath. What was he doing? Where had
that sword come from? He knew what he was doing yet he didn't know why or
how. The enemys were Tek and Krais. The one who had led him into the trap.
Then something inside of him tingled. Suddenly he didn't care what he was
doing or why he just wanted to kill this boy. Kill this kid for humiliating
him. Kill this stupid kid and his former love for hurting Ryoko. Kill him
because he was an enemy. Then there was quiet, his inside twisted and turned
waiting for the end of the calm and the begining of the storm. Then it
struck. Like lightning Jason dove forward images flashing of him as he dove
for the boy. His sword flung forward it ripped at human flesh. Blood
escaping the newly accquired wound the boy fell forward. Jason was open for
attack there was nothing he could do. Then he relized that Tao was doing
this and suddenly he felt energy surge through his body. Then a  blast of
energy came out of his hands that were already in place atTek's stomach
Jason stood at the end of the fight tears rolling down his cheeks. *Why am
I crying?* he asked himself. He turned from the blood stained walls and
carpet leaving the stains of the battle. Tek struggled to his feet and JAson
turned hearing his feet shuffle on the floor. It was a great effort to stand
but Tek pulled it off with dignity. He still had a evil smirk on his face.
"You're dead Jason.... he's coming for you... we brought him back from her
memory," Tek threw up blood as he pointed to the other room, "he's going to
get his revenge on.... them all... "
"Who's coming back?" Jason gasped out of breathe.
Tek let the smile fall from his lips trying to keep himself alive long
enough to gloat at his opponent. "Kagato is coming for you.... we brought
him back.." with these last words Tek fell forward in a pool of his own
blood and lost all signs of life.
Jason returned to the other room for Ryoko.
"Who's Kagato?" he asked himself.

2 hours after the incident Ryoko was asleep after being treated for their
wounds. Although Ryoko was in bad shape she had naturally overcome the
damage done. Jason on the other hand was bright and chirpy as usual. His
treatment had been very minor and everyone seemed amazed that there were no
physical damage done to him. But it was plain to see the mental damage.
Everytime someone asked what happened Jason avoided the situation and said
that he couldn't remember. The excuse could be passable because he had been
controled by Tao but it was the way Jason said it. It was as if he was
trying to hide something but no one wanted to ask. This meant that the ride
home in Yagami was very quiet and depressing. Jason was sat in the main
controls room when he suddenly remembered something that Tek said.
  Turning around he saw Tenchi sitting peacefully and decided to mention
it, "hey Tenchi who's Kagato."
  Tenchi turned and smiled, "why do you want to know?"
  "This guy we fought said something about him something about they'd
brought him back to life," replied Jason cooly.
  Tenchi's face suddenly turned the grimest Jason had ever seen it. "Kagato
is the hardest villan we ever had to fight. The only reason we bet him was
because I managed somehow to use the light hawk wings." At this news Jason's
face became darker. Both of them jumped to their feet and ran out the door
to tell the others the news. Soon everyone was in the main room when Tenchi
made his announcement. "Jason was told, by the person they fought, that
Kagato is alive and he is coming to get his revenge." At this news Ayeka
fainted and Kiyone only just managed to catch her. Tenchi also told Washu
and the others back on Earth and their response was almost the same. As they
arrived back on Earth everyone began to get ready for Kagato's attack
forgetting totally about the thing that happened with Tao creating so much
energy.

  Mihoshi stood in the garden doing the only work done all day (which for
her was suprising). Although it was nice to nap all day she had to do some
work. Everyone else was asleep having been up all night worried about
Tenchi, Ayeka, Kiyone, Ryoko and Jason. With those four gone there were
extra work to be done because Tenchi and Ayeka did most the work. JAson did
some but Ryoko never did any willingly. Then suddenly there was a loud thump
and Mihoshi relised that everyone had returned. As they entered the house
they were greated by Mihoshi after she had dove onto Kiyone and not stopped
blabbing or squeezing till the combined strength of Jason, Ayeka and Tenchi
pried her off. After the inital greetings and Mihoshi crying about how
worried she got everyone wandered off. Kiyone and Mihoshi left back for
space as they had already
gone over the time they had off work and were needed at Galaxy Police
headquaters while Ayeka and Tenchi tried to sort out the mess Mihoshi had
made of the washing. Jason tired as he had ever been brought Ryoko in laying
her in her bed then went off to see if he could get some private time for
thinking.
  Jason knocked gently twice on Washu's lab and entered when she called
him.
  "Ryoko said that you wanted to see me... so?" Washu replied barely
looking up from her work.
  "I was wondering if you know how I can get some spare time for a while
you know just gather my thoughts..." he was cut off by Washu handing him a
small device.
  "Go to the bath house clip this on the inside of the door once you're
inside and you'll have your privicy. But remember I might be taking a bath
later today so wear some swimming clothes," she looked up at him and gave a
friendly wink. Jason smied and left the lab quietly.
Washu watched him leave and when he did she let out a sigh. "There is
something wrong with him and I wish I knew what it was."
  Jason followed Washu's instructions and soon he was taking a break in the
bath wearing the shorts he got on his vacation with Ryoko. Gently Jason laid
in the bath and began to drift to sleep. There was a thumping at the door
and Jason woke up sudenly.
  "Who is it?" Jason shouted not bothering to get up.
  "Jason what are you doing in there, and how come the door is locked open
this door immidiatley," ordered Ayeka from the other side of the door.
  "No," was the reply she got. Then there was another voice.
  "What's the matter little princess cant get in what a shame." Ryoko.
Jason smiled to himself and fell back asleep. There was a loud shocking
noise from over by the door."Hey that tingled," muttered Ryoko from the
other side of the wall. Suddenly Jason relised the device is a shield.
Gently laughing to himself he poured some warmer water in the bath. After a
while of arguing Jason made out another voice which was Washu.
  There was a knock at the door, "Jason can I come in I want a word with
you." Jason hoped out of the water and opened the door. Washu entered
leaving behind Ryoko and Ayeka who were both stunned. Washu took a seat in
the bath while Jason returned to his spot. Washu was wearing her normal
bathing suit and had her hair tied back neatly. Jason sat almost opposite.
The smooth sounds of rushing water made it almost hypnotic while bathing.
Washu gently looked at Jason, her emerald eyes sparkling brightly.
  "Do you love Ryoko?" she asked gently. Jason was taken aback by this
question and flushed gently.
  "I-er well you see I.... have no idea," he stuttered.
  "I know you love Sasami though Jason," said Washu cooly. Jason's face
went even redder. After what seemed to be alot of thinking on Jasons part he
finally nodded.
  "I think so," he confessed, "but I'm not sure where my love lies."
  Washu sighed gently, "you Jason confuse me and it takes alot to confuse
me."
  "I'll take that as a compliment," answered Jason.
  Washu seemed to study Jason for a moment and then when Jason looked up
she said something she didn't think she would, "you do remember what
happened when you and Ryoko were captured."
  Jason was just about to argue when he relised it was futile, "yes you're
right."
"I dont want to know what it is," answered Washu seeing sadness in Jason's
eyes, "but I think you sould forget it and focus on your problems here."
Jason smiled and stood up wrapping a towel around his waist.
"Thank you Washu I have enjoyed this conversation," he quickly picked up
his clothes and took the device of the door. The door flung open and both
Ryoko and Ayeka came in piling on top of each other.
"Thank you too Jason for now I relise I dont want to understand you," and
with that she gently relaxed in the bath.