Disclaimer: PIonner owns tenchi boo them.

Jason lay alongside Ryo-ohki watching Tenchi and Ayeka. Ryo-ohki was
munching on a carrot happily while Jason was scribbling notes. Ryo-ohki
miaowed happily as it finished it's carrot.
  "Shhhh we dont want them to hear us," whispered quietly. Ryo-ohki nodded.
Jason hated spying on them it went against most of his principles, but then
again he did it for Tenchi. It was boring and now a week after he'd started
the test he was begining to feel slightly bored.
  "Tenchi .... I want to tell you something," said Ayeka quietly. She was
looking at the floor.
  "What is it Ayeka?" Tenchi answered. Jason groaned quietly. Ayeka never
had the guts to tell Tenchi how she truly felt and Tenchi was a little bit
off on seeing how she truly deeply felt.
  "I wont be here much longer and I will be leaving for Jurai soon. But I
love you Tenchi with all my heart and I would do anything for you. Please
come with me back to Jurai and marry me Tenchi," she asked. Jason choked
suprised finally something was happening Ayeka had got the courage to
propose to Tenchi. Tenchi was shocked too and he seemed taken back bye the
request. He thought about it for a minute and then replied.
  "I'll tell you my answer tonight." Ayeka was extatic with joy and she
grabbed hold of Tenchi hand and held it in hers.
  "I hope you make the right choice Tenchi, whatever it be you know i will
stand by you," she then let go of her grasp on his hand and danced away back
towards the house. When she was out of sight Jason jumped to his feet.
  "Well Tenchi what's your answer?" he shouted at him. Tenchi fell over
backwards in shock.
  "How long have you been there?" he cried standing up.
  "Long enough to know everything between you and Ayeka," he stressed
everything. "I love you Tenchi with all of my heart," he mimicked
sarcastically. Tenchi turned red with embarresment.
  "I dont know Jason do you think I should marry her though?" Tenchi
questioned looing for an answer. Jason handed him his note book.
  "It's all there who is suitd for you," he answered with glee, "you know
I'm amost as much a genius as Washu herself."
  "Almost," commented Tenchi under his breath whie scanning through Jason's
notes. He reached the bottom and read the final words. He didn't know
weather to jump for joy or cry with sadness. Tonight he'd break five girls'
hearts and begin a lifetime partnership with another. Jason smiled.
  "So what do you think about who your future bride is?" laughed Jason.
Jason could see how Tenchi's emmotions were scattered by Jason's choice.
  "I dont really know," Tenchi answered. Tenchi then looked up smiing,
"hey... what about you," he said smiling.
  "Oh no way am I getting involved in any love affairs with this group." he
commented walking back towards the house. Tenchi followed laughing.
  "You're just scared of girls," he joked.
  "No way it's just you're all so confusing," he protested.
  Tenchi nodded, "we are a bit," he commented.

  Sasami sat playing a game on the computer. Jason had just popped up to ask
Sasami if she wanted any help with the dinner later when he noticed the
game.
  "Wow i love this game," he said joyfully sitting next to Sasami.
  "Really, It's my fave too, I just love playing Ultimate battle 26," she
said. She laid a controller in front of him. He looked at her confused.
  "Face me if you dare," she smirked. Jason snatched the controller of the
floor and sneered. The screen flicked and the two fighters were up on the
screen ready to fight. Jason pressed buttons frantically as his character
darted around the screen. Sasami's character was never where he fired
though. Jason cried in agony as Sasmai defeated his character easily.
  "Oh man," he muttered dropping the controller, "how did you do that?"
  "You weren't strong enough to defeat me," she boasted. She giggled happily
as Jason sat moaning about his loss. "You cant help me cook tonights dinner
as a consolation prize," she announced. Jason jumped up rapidly and dragged
Sasami downstairs into the kitchen. He dropped her in front fo the oven and
began collecting food from the fridge. Sasami began chopping the vegtables
quickly and soon they had prepared the dinner and it was cooking nicely.
  "Wow you were a great help," she flirted. Jason smied and lef tot the
dinning room to set the table. Ryoko appeared behind Sasami.
  "Looks like someone has a crush on Jason," she teased. Sasami turned
bright red.
  "Whatever do you mean," she replied returning to the soup.
  "Oh you know what I mean. It's so obvious you two are so good together
you're like a prince and princss made to be together." This made Sasami go
even redder which made Ryoko even happier. She held her laugh in and
disappeared. Sasami sighed and left the soup to cook. Did she really have a
crush on Jason? She didn't know. He was nice but she'd never thought of them
as partners. They were both connected to Gods and although she was young he
was immortal and would stay the same age forever. She picked up some salt
and added it to the soup. Thinking about love right now was too much for
Sasami she should wait till she knew Jason really well and then she'd decide
weather she loved him or not.

  Jason stood just outside of the Masaki shrine. He was playing with
Ryo-ohki when he heard footsteps. He quickly looked up to see Keiro before
him smiling hapiily in her human form.
  "Keiro what are you doing here someone might see you," Jason answered.
   She ignored him competley and blurted out somthing that shocked Jason
,"I've lost my deamoness." Jason stood up amazed
  "Really," he asked suprised. She nodded. "That's great now you can leave
me and become normal."
  "But what about you.." she stuttered.
  "I'll be fine," he answered ,"just go have a normal life away from Tek."
He watched his shadow on the floor. "Like I before I'll make everything
better," Keiro nodded and left through the forrest. Ryo-ohki looked up at
Jason and miaowed confused. "Dont ask," he muttered sitting back down.

  Ayeka waited immpatiently at her seat at the table. Sasami handed everyone
a bowl of vegtable soup and sat down. Ayeka looked at Tenchi's seat. He was
missing and so was Jason. Obviously Jason had been told about her marridge
proposal and had been giving Tenchi advise all day. The two of them walked
in casually. Ayeka felt insutled by Tenchi's absence but when she saw him
she suddenly didn't care. Ayeka mustered up all the courage she had.
  "Have you made your decision Tenchi?" she asked quickly. Ryoko spat out
the soup she was eating in shock and turned to face Tenchi.
  "Decision? What decision what are you on about." she asked angrily.
Everyone had stopped eating their soup except for Jason who ate his soup
eagerly .
  "I have made my decision of who will be myu bride," Tenchi said to shocked
and confused face. He took a deep breath and managed to mutter one
word."Ayeka."

  Ryoko burst into tears the second she heard that word. It was as if it was
all in slow motion.
  "How? Why?" she mummbled. She stood wiping the tears from her eyes. "Well
congratulations I'll be off now I'm not wanted." Tenchi grabbed hold of her
arm.
  "Ryoko wait," he gasped holding her arm. She broke free and began walking
tothe door.
  "Dont worry about me I'll be fine." she said grabbing Ryo-ohki from the
floor. She disappeared and reappeared outside. Everyone ran outside as
Ryo-ohi transformed.
  "I'll go after her," Jason said running over to her.
  "Look Jason don't try to stop me I'm ok It's just I'll need some time to
recover." she sniffed.
  "Let me come along keep you company," he pleaded. Ryoko turned to face
him. She saw that he was concered all of them were even Ayeka.
  "Sure," she groaned, "just say your goodbyes and make it quick." Jason
turned to the gang and smiled.
  "I'm going to look after Ryoko and make sure she doesn't get into any
trouble you guys stay here and dont worry we'll be fine," Jason said
cheerfully.
  "We'll miss you," cried Sasami.
  "Good luck," shouted Tenchi. Ryoko grabbed hold of Jason and disappeared
they both reappeared inside Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki miaowed goodbye and suddenly
blasted off.
  "How long do you think they'll last together," asked Washu when they were
out of sight.
  "Not very long," sighed Ayeka, Sasami and Tenchi in unison. They began
returning inside when they heard a noise from above. It was a ship quickly
descending towards Earth. Tenchi ganced at it. It wasn't Ryo-ohki.
  "It's Yugami," shouted Ayeka. Washu squinted and nodded.
  "It's Yugami alright and I bet Mihoshi is flying the way it's veering out
of control." she moaned. The whole gang screamed as the ship landed with a
splash in the lake. A huge tide was swept over them all. Two soaking wet Gp
officers stood in front of them.
  "I'm sorry about that Mihoshi was in control," craoked Kiyone.
  "Did we miss anything," chirped Mihoshi.

Next Episode : The Angel and The Deamon - chapter 4 "reflections".
In space Ryoko and Jason reveal secrets to each other when they get drunk.
While on Earth Tenchi meets up with Keiro as she tells him the truth about
herself and Jason. Washu makes a startling discovery about the sample she
took from Jason and Kiyone and Mihoshi return from the police with even more
startling news.

Authours notes : plz rate and review as always and e-mail me anything.
