Another Inevitability

A Tenchi-Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki

(keiichi_dono@hotmail.com , keiichi_dono@altavista.net )

Tenchi and company are the property of Pioneer and AIC.

Note: this is the sequel to one of my earlier fanfics, Inevitabilities, which depicted what I 
believe may be Tenchi's only real choice.  Sit back and enjoy!

	The Wedding Night

	Tenchi stretched out on the bed.  Ah, this is great!  This bed is bigger than my 
whole room back on Earth!  Wonder where the girls are....
	The door slid open, and Tenchi's question was answered.  His six wives stepped 
into the room, wide and feline smiles on their faces.
	Sasami--I mean Tsunami, thought Tenchi--was dressed as Pretty Sammy, her 
outfit sized to fit her body, but very figure enhancing and skimpy nonetheless.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone were dressed in short-skirted and tight-bloused GP uniforms. 
the hemlines of the skirts hiked up enough to show off the skimpy panties underneath 
(white lace string bikini for Mihoshi; silk G-string for Kiyone--the color matched 
her....hair).
	Washu was dressed once again as a nurse.  Funny, though; it wasn't nearly as 
frightening this time.
	Ayeka was dressed in her oujo-sama outfit, gently slapping the whip into her 
hands rhythmically.
	Ryoko was wearing a loose-fitting robe, her breasts all but spilling out into the 
open.
	As one, still smiling their feline smile, the six women advanced on Tenchi.
	Tenchi returned their smile.

	Three Months Later

	"....and revenues throughout Kirika sector are up 15% this month," reported the 
finance minister.  "The outer colonies in that region, though, are still petitioning for more 
autonomy."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Sounds reasonable enough.  Send one of the high-priority 
couriers to the sector capital to set up a meeting within the month.  I'll head up the 
negotiations myself."
	"Very good, Lord Tenchi." answered the finance minister.  "Next item on the 
agenda, the--"
	The door to the outer chamber opened, and one of the attendants stuck her head 
in.  "Lord Tenchi, your wife Lady Kiyone wishes to speak with you."
	"Hmm?"  Tenchi's attention was immediately veered off-topic.  "Err, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you'll excuse me...."
	"Of course, Tenchi," said Funaho.
	Smiling, Tenchi stepped into the antechamber to find Kiyone, dressed in a royal 
kimono with GP decorations on the left breast of the attached cape, waiting for him.  He 
smiled and took her in his arms, kissing her lightly on the lips.  "You wanted to see me, 
my love?"
	Kiyone was smiling shyly.  "Tenchi, darling, I have wonderful news.  I'm 
pregnant!"
	"You are?"  Tenchi picked Kiyone up and swung her around in the air, a rather 
common sight.  "Kiyo-chan, that's wonderful!"
	"Thank you," she said, blushing.  "I need to take care of something right now, but 
Mihoshi wants to speak to you.  I'll see you later, love."  She gave Tenchi a light peck on 
the cheek and excused herself, whistling happily.  Mihoshi, wearing attire similar to 
Kiyone's, entered the room, an equally shy-but-happy smile on her face.  
	Tenchi hugged Mihoshi.  "Hi, Miho-chan.  Kiyone said there was something you 
wanted to tell me?"
	Mihoshi nodded eagerly, then adopted a thoughtful pose.  "Now, what was it 
again....oh, yeah!"  She grinned at Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'm pregnant!"
	"You too?"  Tenchi hugged Mihoshi even tighter.  "That's wonderful news, 
Mihoshi!  Oh, did you know that Kiyone's pregnant too?"
	Mihoshi nodded.  "Yeah, I knew that!  Oh, Tsunami wants to speak to you too.  
See you later, Tenchi!"  She skipped off, and Tsunami, her own face flush with 
excitement, walked into the room.  Giggling in a very Sasami-ish way, she hugged 
Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'm gonna have your baby!"
	"Huh?"  Now Tenchi was starting to have a sneaking suspicion what was waiting 
behind Tsunami.  Still, he was happy for his wife.  "You are?  That's great, my cute little 
wave," he gushed, relaxing as he heard her giggle at his nickname for her.
	"Incidentally," he asked as he kissed her on the forehead, "does anyone else want 
to see me?"
	"Well," answered Tsunami, "Ayeka wants to speak to you, and then Washu, and 
then Ryoko.  I think that's it.  Why?"
	Tenchi started sweatdropping.  "No reason...."

	Seven Months Later

	Tenchi looked up as he heard the multiple cries of babies from the delivery room.  
By consensus of his wives, he had been forced to wait in the antechamber, so that he 
wouldn't give more attention to one of the wives than the others.  
	The door slid open--a very wide door, so that all the nurses could fit through at 
the same time.  Said nurses stepped through the door, each of them carrying a baby.
	No.
	Make that -two- babies apiece.
	Tenchi's eyes widened.  "T..two apiece?"
	The head nurse nodded.  "That's right, Lord Tenchi.  Two apie--Lord Tenchi?  
Lord Tenchi?"
	The Emperor of Jurai was passed out on the floor.

	Five Years Later

	"Daddy, Daddy!"  Little Yoshimi ran up and tackled her father, followed by little 
Achika, and little Koei....
	Tenchi laughed as he saw all twelve of his daughters clustering around him.  "Hi, 
girls!  Who wants the first piggy-back ride?"
	"I do!  I do!"
	As Tenchi tried to discern which of his daughters had yelled that, his wives sat in 
the shade, nibbling on their lunches.
	Kiyone watched her husband playing with their daughters.  "He makes a good 
father, doesn't he?"
	Tsunami smiled and nodded.  "He does indeed."
	"I wonder....." Ayeka smiled mischievously.  " I wonder if we should try to see 
how he handles having sons."
	Ryoko burst out laughing.  "Are you serious, Ayeka...." Her voice trailed off as 
she thought about it.  "On second thought, that sounds like a good idea...."
	As if sensing this, Tenchi gently untangled himself from his daughters.  
"Sweeties, I'll be right back."  He took off running for the door into the palace, thinking, I 
knew I shoulda scheduled that vasectomy years ago....

	END

	And that, dear readers, is that.  If any of you can write a sequel to this, I would be 
most impressed.  Please C&C me, this is a labor of love but it helps to know that people 
actually read my stuff.
