			ANOTHER OF WASHU'S MACHINE: PROLOG

PROLOG
	"Tenchi, should I enter this contest?" (Washu)
	"Contest for what?" (Tenchi) 
"Inventing of course." (Washu)
 "That a little one sided, isn't it!" (Tenchi)
	Washu starts thinking about her inventions she might 
take.
"Washu, if your going to enter, use one of your older 
inventions."
           "Okay, Tenchi, I'll take an old one."(Washu)
	Jump ahead a week, Washu has won the first round and 
now is off to Tokyo for a week in second round.

ANOTHER OF WASHU'S MACHINE

	"Bye Washu, have fun in Tokyo."(Aeka) 
	"Bye and good ridden." (Ryoko)
	"Bye-bye." (Sasami)
	"When are you coming back again?" (Mihoshi)
	"In a week."Sigh(Washu)
	"Bye."(Mihoshi, Kiyone)
	"Meow"(Ryo-ohki)
	"See you in a week, bye now." (Washu)
Washu sticks her head out of the bus window "Oh before I go, 
DON'T GO IN MY LAB."
That afternoon:
	"Tenchi, have you seen Ryo-ohki?"(Sasami)
	"No, Sasami. Ask Ryoko." Tenchi drying dishes.
Sasami ran to Ryoko, in the living room, who was relaxing.
	"What, Sasami?" (Ryoko)
	"Ryo-ohki is missing." (Sasami)
	"I haven't seen her" (Ryoko)
Sasami goes to sit on the front step, then sees Ryo-ohki siting 
in front of Washu's lab door.
"Ryo- ohki don't go in.."(Sasami), before Sasami can get her 
attention, she walked through the door. Sasami opened the door 
and went in. An hour minutes later.
	"Sasami, Sasami, where are you?" (Tenchi)
	"She's been gone for an hour looking for Ryo-ohki. Why are 
you looking for Sasami?" (Ryoko)
	"She was suppose to cook dinner. You look around the house 
for her. I'll gather everybody else and make a search party." 
(Tenchi) Ryoko floats away." Aeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu" 
*Washu, I forgot she left*
 Three minutes later:
"Aeka you check up stairs. Kiyone, Mihoshi, you look in the 
forest with me. Aeka check down here again when you finish 
upstairs."
Meanwhile in Washu's lab:
"Ryo-ohki where are you?" Sasami walks in to a dark part of 
the lab.
	"Meow Meow (I'm right here)" (Ryo-ohki) She was sitting in 
front of a weird machine that was humming.
The noise was almost hypnotic, Sasami was drawn to the machine.
	Twenty minutes later:
	"Tenchi, she wasn't upstairs."(Aeka)
	"She's not down here or in the forest ether." (Tenchi)
"She's not in the carrot patch." (Kiyone) Kiyone and Mihoshi 
walk in the room. 	 
"The only place we haven't checked is."(Tenchi)
	"WASHU'S LAB!" (All in unison)
They all ran into Washu's lab and spread out.
	"Sasami where are you?" (Tenchi)
	"Sasami, Sasami." (Aeka)   
 	"Saaaasssssaaaammmmiiiiii."(Kiyone) It echoes through the 
lab. 
Tenchi walked in to a dark part of her lab searching for Sasami.
	"Sasami, there you are."(Tenchi) "What are doing here. Are 
you, Ok?"
	"Huh. Tenchi what do you want?" (Sasami)"Is it time for 
supper?"
	"Let's go get the others."(Tenchi)
	" Tenchi, you found Sasami."(Mihoshi)"What's this thing? 
Washu left it on."
Mihoshi walks around the machine, looking for an off switch.
	"Sasami, do you know what she's doing?" (Tenchi)
	" I don't know." (Sasami)
	"Here it is."click (Mihoshi)
	"Noooo!!!!!" (Tenchi, Sasami) a green flash of light.
Unknown amount of time passes:
	"Huh.. Mmmm."(Tenchi)"Sasami where are you, now? " 
	"Tenchi. Tenchi."(Sasami)
	"Mihoshi where are you?"(Tenchi)
	"Over here, Tenchi! Ryo-ohki is with me."(Mihoshi)
Tenchi, Sasami, and Mihoshi walk around the weird wold, the sky 
didn't look as if it was even there. The ground was an unnatural 
gray and smooth. To the left was a plain blue background with 
weird objects. Suddenly the background changed into flashing 
lights and a blaring voice echoed "intruders in main processor". 
Tenchi draws  his sword and Mihoshi draws her gun, they get in 
their stances. (Tenchi)* Main processor?!*
	(Tenchi)"Sasami, Mihoshi. I think we're in Washu's 
computer!"
	(Sasami)"How Tenchi?"
	(Tenchi)"When Mihoshi  hit that button it must have 
'downloaded' us."
	(Mihoshi)"What?"
After Tenchi explained it three more times she finally caught 
on. They walked straight for what seemed like hours until they 
reached a floating object. 
	(Mihoshi)"What's is this thing ?"
	(Tenchi)"It's an icon, I guess."
	(Sasami)"How do we use it?"
Tenchi stretched his hand forward and touched the icon. 
Surprisingly his hand went through the icon.
	(Sasami, Mihoshi)"Don't touch that!"
	(Tenchi)"I'm all right." Tenchi pulls his hand out of the 
icon.
	(Tenchi)* On the computers at school you can move the icon* 
Tenchi puts this hands around the icon and moves it down to his 
knees. Tenchi put his legs in it and slide down through the 
icon. Sasami and Mihoshi looked at each other puzzled. Tenchi 
popped his head out of the icon.
	(Tenchi)"Come on, you two."
Sasami slides down through the icon along with Mihoshi on her 
tail. They land on the same kind of gray surface they were on 
before. Here they see an icon called 'Tenchi G'
	(Sasami)"Tenchi what is that icon for?"
  	(Tenchi)" I don't know Sasami. Lets try it out."
	(Mihoshi)" I'm staying here."
	(Tenchi)"Ok."
	(Ryo-ohki)"Meow. (Do I have to go?)"
	(Tenchi)"Ok. You stay here with Mihoshi." Tenchi guesses 
what Ryo-ohki said.
Sasami and Tenchi slide down the icon.
	(Ryo-ohki)"Meow meow. (Did you hear that)"Ryo-ohki growls at 
something in the distance.
Ten minutes later:
Tenchi and Sasami sliding through the icon talking.
	(Tenchi)"I wouldn't have guessed Washu would have a game 
with me in it." 
 	(Sasami)" Mihoshi you should have gone, it was fun." 
Sasami's head completely exits the icon. "Mihoshi, where are 
you?" Sasami notices Ryo-ohki tied up and she runs over and 
unties her just as Tenchi comes out laughing about the game.
	            (Sasami)" What happened and where is Mihoshi?"
            (Ryo-ohki)"Meow meow meow. (Weird looking creatures 
came out of nowhere took Mihoshi and tied me up.)"
Sasami explains what Ryo-ohki said. 
	(Tenchi)" Which way did they go?"
	(Ryo-ohki)"Meow. (This way.)"Ryo-ohki lead the way until 
they got to a place that looked like it had been hit by a 
tornado.
Out of the rubble crude structures were built. Creepy, deformed 
looking, dog-cat creatures came out of the structures with what 
looked like the little Washu puppets (Instead of the A, B on 
their belts there where 0,1.) and Mihoshi. The creatures were 
herding them into an icon that looked like them. When one Washu 
puppet went in a creature came out of the one on the other side 
of the icon.
	             (Tenchi)"Sasami, Ryo-ohki follow me" Tenchi and 
the rest of them snuk up behind building after building 
until they were only feet between them and the icon. 
  	(Tenchi)" Ryo-ohki, if I'm in trouble transform and get 
Sasami out of here, Ok?"
	(Ryo-ohki)" Meow meow meow. (I will leave you behind, 
never.) "
 	(Tenchi)"Sasami what did she say?"
	(Sasami)"She said 'Ok' Tenchi" Tenchi looks around the 
corner. "Ryo-ohki, we won't leave him here if he's in trouble."  
Tenchi reaches for his sword and draws it. He notices it isn't 
tenchi, but his training sword. He figures it will work. Tenchi 
looks, Mihoshi is next in line, he takes off running and knocks 
Mihoshi out of line and cutting the ropes binding her.
	(Mihoshi)" THANKS, Tenchi!"
	(Tenchi)" Mihoshi draw your gun and shoot them."
Tenchi and Mihoshi fight until the creatures surround them. Just 
as Tenchi thinks it's over, he heard warped screams as if the 
creatures were screaming themselves. He realized it was Ryo-ohki 
shooting at the creatures, as the smoke cleared the creature was 
back to a puppet. Each puppet that was reverted help by pushing 
a creature through the opposite side of the icon. When they came 
out of the other they were back to normal. Every other five line 
up into
1,0,1,1,0 and transformed in to what looked like a giant Washu 
in a nurse outfit. Nurse Washu took out a needle and injected 
the icon with some kind of serum. In a fireball, the icon went 
up in smoke, after that the giant nurse just stepped on the 
remaining creatures to revert them into puppets. After five 
minutes the battle was over. The nurse divided back into the 
five puppets. Four of the puppets went to work with the rest of 
them rebuilding; one came over to Tenchi.
	(Washu Puppet)" Thank you for the help, what can we do for 
you?"
	(Tenchi)"Do you know the way out of this computer?"
	(W. Puppet)" You are the choosen ones. The Prophecy says 
that we have to travel with you to the ancient elevator to work 
it. You have to look for this sign." The puppet held up a sign 
that said "back" with an arrow pointing right.
	(Tenchi)"We'll help you rebuild your village."
	(W. Puppet)" We couldn't let you."
	(Tenchi)" We insist." Tenchi smiles.
They rebuild the village with the help of Tenchi, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, and when she could help Ryo-ohki. They had the village 
done by nightfall.
	(W. Puppet)"We'll head out after morning Tenchi, if it's all 
right with you?"
	(Tenchi)" That will be fine."
Tenchi and the rest of them fell asleep.
 Tenchi's group walks with the Washu puppets to where they had 
landed. After realizing it wasn't the right spot they walked for 
about an hour when they found it. The Washu puppets stopped.
	(W. Puppet)"Tenchi this is it, your group has to climb on 
top of the top slab."
Tenchi's party climbed on top of slab. The raising slab was so 
fast; they reached the top in about ten minutes. It didn't take 
long to find the back button, but it did take all their strength 
to press it in. In the same kind of green flash they arrived in 
sends them back to Washu's lab. They went back to the other who 
was still searching for Sasami. 
	(Aeka)" Sasami there you are." 
	(Tenchi)" Were you searching for her all night?"
	(Aeka)"'All night?' You've been gone for thirty minutes. 
Tenchi, I think you need to lye down for a while" 
Tenchi lies down for an hour before they listen to his story.
	(Tenchi)" and that's when we landed in her lab."
Thinking Tenchi, and the rest hit their head on something, they 
did little housework until Washu got home. 
	(Washu)"Tenchi, that's a interesting story. Thanks for 
getting rid of that pesky virus and for finding out what that 
experimental machine would do." Washu laughs.
	(Tenchi)" YOU DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT WOULD DO!!!!" 
     Washu laughs. 

The end  
  
                 
   I don't own any of these characters or places. I'm not making 
money on this, so you wouldn't have anything to sue me for. I 
think Viz video or some Japanese dude (whose name I don't know) 
owns the characters or the places.

  
   
  

     
	
 
	





