I don't own all of these characters, they are property of AIC and 
Pioneer some are from tenchi muyo and some are From my mind. Please dont 
sue me I am flat broke. Hey you can get more money from a baby than me 
so I beg you please dont sue me this is my first fic PLEASE DONT SUE IM 
POOR! 

                          
                                              The Answer To The Question
                                                         At Night Not 
Everyone Is Sleeping
                                           Tenchi makes his decision but 
who did he chose?

      
 
 
thats where we left off on the last chapter. Now on to the New 
one................


In Ryokos room everything was quiet except for Ryoko crying. Ryoko knew 
Tenchi had chosen but who he had chosen was her concern, he had shown 
more affection towards Ayeka that past week and he had gotten mad at her 
more times than Ayeaka. Ryoko couldnt take it anymore she needed to know 
who Tenchi had chosen. She paryed for that Tenchi would choose her over 
Ayeaka and not Ayeaka over her. She knew that if Tenchi chose Ayeaka he 
would be the ruler of Jurai and that She had to leave Tenchs sight. If 
he did chose her he would not have everything he wanted he would have 
want they could afford. She was sure that Tenchi was going to choose 
Ayeaka. So Ryoko kept on crying not getting much sleep that night.

In Ayeakas room every thing was quiet and peacfull no crying, no 
nightmears,all was peacfull. Ayeaka was dreaming of  Tenchi. She dreamed 
that she was getting married to Tenchi. They where walking down the hall 
towards the altar and once she got there Tenchi smiled at her. Ayeaka 
was happy for though she smiled in her sleep, but all of a sudden she 
started crying, gasping for air, reaching out towards someone who wasnt 
there. The reason was that her dream had turned on what she most did not 
wish for, she then started dreaming of Tenchi saying no "I will not 
marry Ayeaka" ayeaka cried she droped to her knees in her dream and when 
she looked up she saw what she most dreaded "Ryoko" yes, Ryoko smiling 
happily in Tenchis arms and for Tenchi he was reaching out to kiss her 
asking her to marry him. "NO!"
Ayeaka suddenly woke up waking Sasami up with her to.
"Ayeaka Whats wrong?"
"Nothing Sasami just a bad dream"
"Oh!"
"You can go back to sleep its was nothing"
"You sure?"
"Positive, im just going to go get some water ok"
"Ok"
"Good night"
"Goodnight Ayeaka"

Ayeaka got out of her bed and put on her robe which was made of silk 
from Jurai with her initials embroided in gold on her robes sashe. She 
quietly walked down the stairs trying not to trip on the bunny slippers 
she borrowd from Sasami because Ryoko had burn the ones she had in a 
fight over a chopstick. She tough about her dream was this a warning 
sayin that Tenchi had chosen and she was not the lucky one. She got a 
teardrop thinking of that
so she wipped her eyes and looked in the fridge. There was everything 
except what she wanted "No water" so she went to the next usefull thing 
in the fridge
"Tea"
not Sake like Ryoko but tea the normal type. She walked out of the 
kitchen and decided to site on the couch and think happy though like the 
begining of her dream.
"Tenchi"
"Yes Ayeaka?"

Ayeak gasp she had not noticed Tenchi siting on the couch next to her. 
She had to say something. So she though of something fast.
"What are you doing here Lord Tenchi?"
"Thinking, what about you?"
"Bad dream"
"oh"
"Its ok though dont worry"
"ok"
"So what are you thinking about Tenchi?
"I prefer not to say"

Ayeaka sat there not knowing what to say he was probably thinking of who 
he liked. She was wooried that it wouldnt be her so she decided to get 
off that subject and fast. Ayeaka looked down at her cup it was empty so 
she decided to call it a night.
"Well goodnight Tenchi"
"Goodnight Ayeaka, sweetdreams"

Ayeaka smiled and left to her room. As soon as Ayeaka left Tenchi sighed 
a sigh of relife he didnt want to tell who he had chosen yet he preferd 
it to be when mostly everybody except Ayeaka and Ryoko wernt buisy, and 
especially when his father was not at home.
