	No Need For Yugi

It was all just a typical day at the Masaki house, when all of a 
sudden.....
"Washu! You blew up my shrine!" Grandpa yelled, while chasing Washu 
around the house.
"Sorry, sorry, help, help!!!" screamed Washu.
Mihoshi walked into the room, and burst out laughing at the site of 
Washu running as fast as she could and jumping over the back of the sofa.
"At least I didn't blow it up five times by looking at it!" Washu yelled 
as she skidded past Mihoshi.
"Hey I only did that once!" Mihoshi retorted.
"WHAT?!" shouted Grandpa, now chasing Mihoshi as well.
Mihoshi ran down the hall, then came back with a gun. Only now she 
looked evil and smart.
"Freeze geezer!" yelled Mihoshi, pointing the gun as Grandpa.
"What are you doing?!" Washu and Kiyone shouted together.
The gun fired with a load boom and Grandpa went down. Everybody stared.
Then Ryoko walked in, eating as usual. She took one look at Grandpa, 
dropped her bean paste cake, and went into a crazed rampage. She yelled at 
everyone, then ran over to the sofa, where Washu and Mihoshi were.
"WHO KILLED GRANDPA?!" Ryoko yelled.
Everyone said "MIHOSHI!"
Everyone except Washu, who said "She's been sitting here ever since she 
ran from Grandpa."
Ryoko replied "MIHOSHI KILLED GRANDPA!!!"
"I did? I'm a criminal?" Mihoshi said, rather surprised.
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to arrest you...." Kiyone's voice trailed 
off.
"Ok, I'll go pack....." Mihoshi's voice faded as she ran down the hall 
to her room.
Sasami walked into the room with Ryo-oki on her shoulder. 
"Hi Kiyone, hi Washu, hi dead Grandpa.... wait.... DEAD GRANDPA?!"
"MEOW!"
A few minutes later, a meaner, smart Mihoshi walked out. She pointed hr 
gun at Kiyone, and Kiyone pointed her's at Mihoshi.
"Meow meow!" Ryo-oki 'said' at this.
"Shut up, Furbag." replied Mihoshi.
Ryo-oki got mad and jumped up onto Mihoshi, knocking the gun away from 
her. It clattered loudly on the floor. Everyone was completely still.
"FREEZE!" Kiyone finally shouted, pointed the gun at Mihoshi.
Washu came into the room, thinking it safe, as Grandpa could no longer 
chase her.
"FREEZE!" 
Aeka walked in, and again Kiyone shouted "FREEZE!"
"I'm going to hide with Lord Tenchi!" Aeka announced.
Mihoshi came back from packing her things and said "Ok Kiyone! I'm 
ready!"
"FRE-ee- eze?" 
There were two Mihoshis!


Tenchi walked in and said, "I won't even ask." 
"Which one is the real Mihoshi?!" Kiyone asked Washu, startled.
"I... I...I don't know." Washu stuttered.
 	The Mihoshis were standing there, one confused, the other, nervous.
Mihoshi covered her eyes. The other looked at her and did the same.
"Ask us a question." Mihoshi proclaimed.
"Uh... I know! Where's my lab?" Washu asked.
"That's easy!" shouted a Mihoshi, and ran down the hall.
The other Mihoshi was looking under lamps, totally lost.
"There it is!" Mihoshi said, pointing to the closet door.
"There it is!" pointed the other Mihoshi.
"The real one!" shouted Kiyone, pointing her gun at the fake.
"DON'T SHOOT THE FAKE!!" Washu screamed.
"Why not? She killed Grandpa." Kiyone said, confused, but lowering her 
gun.
"Because without her other half, Mihoshi will be stupid!" Washu 
explained.
"You mean she isn't already?" Kiyone pointed out.
"You know what I mean!!" Washu said angrily.
"How do we put them back together?" Tenchi asked.
"My lab! That's how it must have happened! My cloning machine must have 
split personalities instead!" Washu said, completely ignoring Tenchi. "I'd 
better go fix that..." she reached for the lab door handle, but Kiyone grabbed 
her arm.
"Uh... Washu? I THINK WE HAVE BIGGER PROBLEMS RIGHT NOW!" Kiyone 
shouted.
All of them turned around to beckon the Mihoshis into Washu's lab, but 
only one stood there. They decided to find the other later.

Way out in space, Yugi sat with the evil Mihoshi and Nagi. 
"You have failed to kill Tenchi Masaki-''
"-and Ryoko. We had a deal Yugi."
"Ahem...that was the only reason that you were created in the first 
place!" Yugi crushed a crystal she was holding. With a scream, the other 
Mihoshi was gone.

In the lab, Washu showed Tenchi and Kiyone a machine. Mihoshi was 
somewhere running into walls.
"She needs her other half." Tenchi said.
"See this machine?" said Washu. "It's missing a part. It's above you, 
Kiyone. Hand it to me."
Kiyone gave her a spiky thing with a blue handle about 5 centimeters 
long.
"That's my... uh... toothbrush.... or at least I thought it was...." 
said Tenchi.
They put the machine together and in no time had located Yugi and Nagi.
"Nice toothbrush, Tenchi." Kiyone said.
"Uh... thanks... I..... uh.... think..." Tenchi said.
Ken-oki came to the house (Ryo-oki was told to bring him there). They 
needed that shattered crystal! Ken-oki was a witness, so he know exactly where 
it was.
A half hour or so later, Ken-oki returned, the crystal with him.


"Do we have any super-glue?" Washu asked.
As she put the crystal together, she sang a song: The left crystal 
connected to the big crystal.....!
When she was done, the evil Mihoshi sill had not appeared. 
"SOME GENIUS!" shouted Kiyone.
Mihoshi ran into walls.
Just then, a bright light appeared as Kiyone threw pillows at Washu.
Evil Mihoshi had arrived!
"WE DID IT!" shouted Kiyone happily.
Washu had fallen asleep.
"Wake up!"
"No.... I don't wanna go to school.... I'm too busy studying my 
endothermic reticulator..."
"FIX MIHOSHI NOW!" Kiyone screamed.
"Put my so-called 'cloning machine' in reverse!" Washu replied sleepily.
An hour later, everyone was fine. That is, except for the "Geezer".
"Grandpa, no!" Tenchi cried.
He looked at Grandpa.
"Sorry about Grandpa, but at least Mihoshi's back!" Kiyone said absent-
mindedly.
Washu had fallen asleep again.
"Poor Grandpa." said Sasami
"Meow meow."
Tenchi just stared at Grandpa, while Aeka cried.
Then, he must have been awaken by all the noise, Grandpa sat up, looked 
around, and to everyone's surprise, said "Tenchi, when's dinner?"
All anyone could do was laugh.	
                                                                              
                                                                   

Oh yeah. No one could forget that day, and whenever they see the hole in the 
wall, the remember how lucky everyone was that Mihoshi has missed and Grandpa 
had only fainted.
                                                                              
                                                                   

"Uh... this is Tenchi. NO ONE PAID ATTENTION TO ME THIS WHOLE EPISODE!!"
"Hey... where's Tenchi, he's not usually this late!" 

           



                                                 By raichu_rox2001, 
raichu_rox2002, and raichu_rox2003



