
Tenchi Muyo Apocalypse 
by Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson

Prolougue
--------------------------------------

Aeka darted for the portal, Ryoko right behind her, still firing at
the creature following them.
Aeka's hand touched the cool metal surface of the portal, expecting
to be transported back. Instead, it met resistance from the metal.
"Ryoko! It isn't working!", Aeka screamed.
Ryoko punched the metal in agrivation.
"Damn! I guess there's only one way left to go.", she grumbled.
They both turned round, staring into the dark nausiating eyes of Plaugue. 
"Prepare to face your destiny.", the creature rumbled.
"Ryoko..."
"Yes Aeka?"
"If I don't make it... Tell Tenchi..."
"I know. Don't worry, we'll both make it."
A swirling blue aura formed around Ryoko, as she begun cunjouring 
her powers.
With a fierce battlecry, she launched the creature.
"How sweet.", Plaugue laughed, as Ryoko begun slashing parts out of him.
Aeka's power protected Ryoko and herself from the effects of Plaugue's
powers, but still, Ryoko was starting to suffer from fatigue, and so
was Aeka, both of them due to the tiring fights they had fought so far.
And Plaugue didn't seem to be affected by the attacks, his body
regenerating and actually growing with each blow.
>Damn him!<, Ryoko thought, as she slashed the monster yet another time.

>From within the shadows of another dimension, 
the Watchers observed the battle.
"Is anyone of them suitable to our needs?", one of them asked.
"The artficial seems to be quite powerful in that dimension, but still,
she's no match for the powers of our minion.", another one said.
"I sense a hidden strength eminating from the women..."
"As do I. I wonder, could this be what humans call love?"
"It is not love, I know what love is like, yet, it's like some
inner light..."
"You know that this disproves your research, Xagul..."
A swirling void which had remained silent rose.
"And what do you mean with that?", it asked.
"You say that no light resides within a human soul, that humans are
controlled only by their urges. These women, however, fight this 
creature, knowing that they will probably die in the process."
"Trapped rats. They fight because they have to."
"No matter. We have collected all the information we needed. 
Terminate this experiment.", another being interrupted.

Plaugue suddenly screamed out in agony, lashing out with it's tentacles,
hitting Aeka and sending her into one of the walls.
With the defensive barrier gone, Ryoko was already beginning to feel
the disease spreading through her veins. 
With one final blow, she split the monster in half, and sunk to her 
knees, awaiting the final blow from the creature to be dealt.
 Instead, the creature just disappeared.

 Ryoko stood up. She wasn't suffering from disease.
>Strange<, she thought.
She walked over to Aeka's body, lying by the wall.
It was still breathing.
Ryoko picked Aeka up, pulling one arm around her shoulder.
"Come Aeka, let's go home to Tenchi...", she whispered as she turned to
the portal.
She tested the metal. Her hand sank right through it.
As Ryoko walked through the portal, her blue gem on her right wrist 
glew in synch with the red gem on her left.

--------------------------------------
What is this creature that Aeka and Ryoko were fighting?
Who are the mysterious Watchers, and what do they want with humanity?
And last but not least, what is this 'blue gem' Ryoko was wearing?
Stay tuned to find out.
--------------------------------------
Heya folks. This is a prolouge to the fanfic series 
"Tenchi Muyo!: Apocalypse".
This is sort of a way of wettening your appetites, so to speak.
As usual, all suggestions, flames etc. go to: 
_8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net

Until later, 
Vincent M.'Max Raven' Eskilsson