  I as always am not claiming these characters as my own
and am not making a dime off them. I also want to say to
my fans that I know this isn't my usual thing, writing a
fic based on the Tenchi in Tokyo series, but watching it
lately I realized that despite the goofy lines, squeeky
voices, and horrible animation when they get excited
(they look like bugs then dont they?) the series had one
saving grace. The last few episodes from 'Sakuya's secret'
on Ryoko and the others come back to Tenchi despite his
choosing someone else, Ryoko falls for him all over again,
and the storyline got alot better. So if you aren't too
put off I hope you'll sit back and enjoy my story.


Appologies
By, Clayton Overstreet

  The others had just popped out of the tree next to Tenchi
when he was trying to get up the courage to tell Ryoko
what he wanted. Tenchi looked at Ayeaka and the others
in the tree, "This is why I had Washu close down the portal
in the first place!" He turned and lay against the hole, sealing
off the deminsional tunnel. Ryoko looked at him slightly
startled, "Tenchi are you alright?" Tenchi smiled and nodded.
  Inside the lab the girls pouted, but shrugged it off. Ayeaka
had realized a while ago that Tenchi's choice had come
down to Sakuya and Ryoko. She was no longer in the
running. Sighing they all went back to the house. As long
as Tenchi wasn't leaving everything was alright.
  On the tree Tenchi looked at Ryoko and a blushed. "What's
wrong Tenchi?" Tenchi took a deep breath, "I wanted to
appologize to you Ryoko." Ryoko raised an eyebrow, "What
for?" He looked out at the forest, "For Sakuya..." Ryoko
looked down, "Oh... It's ok Tenchi. I don't realy mind. Yugi
was probably reading your mind so she knew exactly what
to do or say." Tenchi shook his head, "That's no excuse. I
didn't realy choose her for that. It would be easy to blame
Yugi. I did it because I thought Iwanted an ordinary girl."
  Ryoko bit her lip and a tear trickled down her cheek, "Is
that why you don't love me Tenchi? Because I'm not normal?"
Tenchi reached out and wiped the tear away, "No Ryoko.
I do love you. That's what scared me. I've never felt like
this before, so I..." Ryoko looked at him, a look of suprise
on her face, "Did you say you love me?" Tenchi nodded and
smiled, "Yes Ryoko I do." Ryoko smiled and hugged him
close, never wanting to let go, "You know if you had just
said so earlier it would have saved us all alot of grief."
  Tenchi hugged her back, "I know Ryoko, and I am sorry."
Ryoko shook her head, "Don't worry Tenchi. I didn't exactly
handle it well. Ayeaka promised to pardon me for my actions
in space because I was under an influence, but I could have
resisted. I just hurt so much when I saw you kiss her." Tenchi
hugged her closer, "I was scared Ryoko. Sakuya seemed like a
way out of all the crazy things. But you know what?" She shook
her head "No, what?" He pulled back and looked at her, "The
whole time I was with her I would always start thinking of you."
  Ryoko looked him in the eyes, "Realy?" He nodded and she
hugged him again, "Thank you Tenchi. For everything. When I
was in space, the only thing that kept me from doing anything
realy bad was my thoughts of you." More tears followed their
earlier ones as they say there. Ryoko looked and saw the tears
on Tenchi's face, "Well it's over now. Let's agree to put the past
away and just concentrate on now, alright? Sakuya never existed,
the guy I was with was working for Yugi, and she's asleep in the
cave. Right?" Tenchi smiled and nodded, "Right. So what would
you like to do now? Another date?" Ryoko's eyes lit up, "You
mean it Tenchi?" He nodded, "Anywhere you want to go." Ryoko
sucked on her lip. "Do you think I can have some time to think
about it Tenchi? I'd like to make sure it's perfect." Tenchi hugged
her again, "Anything you want Ryoko." Suddenly a hand pushed
Tenchi from behind, "Ok lovebirds, out of the way so I can close
this thing." Washu laughed at them as they hit the ground and the
portal closed.

  The end

Authors note

Sorry it was so short but I never could wok with this stuff. As I
said there are some saving graces like Ryoko being the only one
who trusted Tenchi, but that was about it. If you want to continue
this story yourself feel free. In the mean time I have some other
ideas I want to work on.
