Smooth's Disclaimer: I have no ownership over Tenchi Muyo and its characters 
whatsoever. So please do not sue me, for I have little (if any) money, hell, the 
computer I'm using
isn't even mine.
 

            The day started out like any other for the Masaki residence. Tenchi 
woke up and went out to the carrot patch to harvest some for Ryo-ohki; Sasami 
cooked breakfast and went
outside to play with the aforementioned cabbit after finishing the dishes, Ayeka 
and Ryoko had their daily morning scuffle and settled down to watch soaps, Washu 
had holed herself up
in her lab, and Mihoshi had left to go on patrol. But today was going to be 
anything but normal for the Masaki household, for above; the start of strange 
events was taking place.

 

            "We have a sight of the target, he's presently past 110,000 and 
descending rapidly, and damn who'd have thought civilian shuttles were so fast!" 
The pilot of an
interceptor shouted as she piloted her spacecraft, a large aircraft that 
resembled the MiG-31 Foxhund into Earth's atmosphere, trailing after a small 
shuttle. As the shuttle kept racing
down towards the ground the Foxhund was joined by three more that kept their 
speed even with the re-entering shuttle. "When we clear the re-entry heat open 
fire! Make sure every
missile hits that shuttle!" The pilot orders as she removed the safeties off her 
missiles with the flick of a switch. The four Foxhunds flanked the shuttle and 
locked onto the shuttle.
"We got him now! Fire at will!" The four planes fired their missiles, which cut 
through the air at high speeds and struck the shuttle, destroying it 
immediately. As the shuttle went
down, the four Foxhunds slowed down and kept along with the burning shuttle. 
"Beautiful, alright let's head back to the Kestrel!" The lead pilot ordered as 
she pulled her
Foxhund's nose up and began climbing rapidly to escape Earth's atmosphere.

            Amongst the falling wreckage was a young man, 5'5", looked to be 142 
lbs., had short black hair and red eyes that seemed uncaring as he fell amongst 
the wreckage of the
shuttle. He sighed wistfully as debris nearly grazed his faced and focused his 
gaze on the four Foxhunds. "Next time use your cannons, you could have killed 
me." He stated simply
before an amazing change took place. The spacesuit he was wearing was suddenly 
burned away by a force inside him, and was replaced by an armored suit that 
covered his body from
the neck down, from a small pack on the back of the boy's suit deployed two 
wings, giving him a wingspan of a mere 8 feet, and on the wings were two tubes 
that looked, oddly
enough, like sword handles. "For your failure to kill me you must perish, I 
apologize." The boy closed his eyes then opened them, and began flying straight 
up at the four
Foxhunds. As the four fighters cleared 400,000 feet, one of the rear pilots took 
note of a fast moving object headed for them. "Commander! Something's headed 
this way I think
it's-" The pilot never finished his sentence for that fast moving object flew 
headfirst through the center of the Foxhund, blowing it and it's pilot to hell.

            That fast moving object turned out to be the boy, kept aloft by his 
wings, as he prepared to strike against the other Foxhunds. "Oh god! He's still 
alive!" Another pilot
panicked as he looped his Foxhund to engage the boy, who reached to one of his 
wings and drew the tube. Without speaking a word, he activated the weapon in his 
hand, extending a
beam blade, and then proceeded to chop the attacker cleanly in half right town 
the middle of his plane. As the dividing Foxhund passed him on both sides, the 
last two Foxhunds came
around and prepared to attack. "You'll pay for that! Type Arrow Zero you 
butcher!"  The lead pilot screamed as she dove at the boy. As the Foxhund closed 
in, its wings
folded, the nose folded back over the main fuselage, and the plane began a 
stunning change. The two large engines that powered the Foxhund separated and 
shifted into leg units, from
the sides of the plane above the engines extended two fully manipulative arms, 
and lastly the head of the battler (containing the Foxhund's camera), extended 
and became active. This
wasn't any ordinary MiG-31 Foxhund; no this was the MiG-31 Foxhund Battler, a 
fully capable fighter plane as well as mecha. 

            The Foxhund Battler reached behind its back and pulled out it's main 
weapon, a 75 mm machine gun (that resembles an assault rifle), and opened fire 
on the boy, who dodged
every shot thrown at him by simply dodging to the left and right. As the Foxhund 
approached, her wingman attacked from behind as well, shifting his Battler to 
gun-mode (the mecha
form), and opening fire with his machine gun.  The boy slashed at the lead 
Foxhund Battler's gun with his beam saber, cutting it in half as the mecha 
passed. As the second Foxhund
closed in, gun blazing, the boy slashed deep into lower right side of the 
Battler, killing the pilot with the blade and causing said Battler to go dead. 
The other Foxhund Battler attacked
from the rear, drawing a similar beam saber, and striking fast. As the blade 
comes towards him, the boy blocks the vertical slash and counters by rushing 
forth, causing the Battler to pull
back fast; leaving it exposed to attack. "Now you die." The boy said solemnly 
before diving towards the Battler's cockpit, beam saber first. The pilot had no 
time to react, and
when she finally realized what happened, it was too late. The boy drove the beam 
saber straight into the cockpit of the Battler, stabbing the pilot in the 
stomach. "Ty-Type Zero,
I'm not going out unless I take you with me!" The pilot screams. With her last 
ounce of strength, the pilot grasps the Foxhund Battler's self-detonation device 
and activates it.
The Foxhund explodes with devastating force, sending the boy falling towards 
Earth.dead? Alive? I'll leave you hanging on that one.

 

            Mihoshi could not believe her eyes from what she saw, her routine 
patrol suddenly became a lot more serious upon witnessing that intense (yet 
short) air-to-air battle. "I have
to tell Miss Washu right away! Maybe she'll know what's going on!" Mihoshi 
exclaimed before resuming her re-entry procedures.

 

End Chapter One.

 

 

So what'd ya think huh? My first "real" fic, please reply at 
Sawdust28@hotmail.com, chapter two is going to be just as exciting. Well until 
then!
