Yet another disclaimer: There is no part of Tenchi Muyo I can claim, so leave me 
the hell alone 'cuz I have a dog that has a taste for lawyers. And as for any 
small reference to an anime
that may come through; I don't own 'em either.



The sun seemed to smile down on Sasami as she and Ryo-ohki ran about the woods 
that surrounded the Masaki home. She was having fun with her cabbit friend, 
playing tag,
hide-and-go-seek, and jump rope; and she figured that the one thing that would 
make her fun day with Ryo-ohki better would be to visit Tenchi as he harvested 
carrots out in the
patches beyond the side yard of the house. "Hey Ryo-ohki, want to go help Tenchi 
in the carrot field?" She asked after a vigorous game of tag. "Miya!" The 
cabbit/girl
exclaimed happily, running ahead of Sasami to the patch. "Hey Ryo-ohki wait up!" 
Sasami yelled as she ran after her. 

            Whereas the sun was beaming goodliness down on Sasami, it was bitter 
and unforgiving for Tenchi; and continuing it's unrelenting assault with no sign 
of stopping.

"Ugh, how'd it get so hot all of a sudden? It feels like a sauna out here." 
Tenchi thought as he pulled another carrot out of the ground and tossed it into 
the basket. As Tenchi
labored, Sasami and Ryo-ohki approached, also wondering why it got so hot so 
quickly. "Gee Ryo-ohki, it wasn't this hot a minute ago." Sasami said as she 
wiped the sweat
from her forehead. The cabbit meowed and reverted back to her animal form and 
jumped on Sasami's head to act as shade. "Thanks Ryo-ohki, I owe you-hey there's 
Tenchi!
Hey Tenchi!" Tenchi looked up and smiled when he saw Sasami and Ryo-ohki headed 
towards him, it would be great to have a bit of company while he worked like a 
dog. "Hi
Sasami, what brings you out here?" He asks as he stands up from his work. "Just 
wanted to see if you needed help." Sasami replied. Tenchi smiled and sat down. 
"Sure you
can help me, I'm almost finished though so there's not much you can really do."

"I'll do what I can Tenchi, just point out where you need help." Tenchi was 
pleased; of all the girls that lived in the house he liked Sasami the best for--
plutonic reasons. Sasami
was like the little sister he wish he had, always helping him around the house 
and fields while wanting nothing in return, keeping him company when he was down 
(or injured after a
battle between Ryoko and Ayeka), and just being adorable in most things she did.

"Thanks Sasami." Tenchi remarked, a little exhausted from his work. 

            Suddenly, Ryo-ohki looked up and let out a low growl; something was 
definitely amiss and it had her riled up. Sasami noticed the cabbit's growls and 
looked up as well. "Oh
no! Tenchi look, someone's falling!" She yelled, pointing up at the sky at the 
figure dropping from the sky and landing in the trees beyond the carrot field 
with a loud crash.
"Come on let's go check it out."  Tenchi broke into a run, fearing that the 
person may be hurt, and Sasami followed.

 

            "Reruns, just great." Ryoko muttered in disgust as she and Ayeka 
flipped through the million channels on the TV. "Thank you Washu.1,000,000 
channels and only
1,000 have something good on." Ayeka groaned as she went through six hundred 
more channels. Today was not going well for the space-pirate or princess, in 
fact, considering the
A/C was out (from a morning fight), Washu was planning some new god-awful 
experiment, and that Tenchi was out in the fields; today was an exceptionally 
shitty day. "Ayeka did
you find something yet?" Ryoko asked as she stretched on the couch. "Sorry 
Ryoko, it seems that daytime TV is all the same all over the universe.boring." 
Ryoko groaned
upon hearing Ayeka's lament. As Ayeka continued her vain search to find 
something good on, she came across a rather interesting news report. "Oh my Miss 
Ryoko, look!"
Ayeka shouted as the carnage on the TV screen was revealed before them.

            It was a city, but it looked more like a battlefield now, damaged 
skyscrapers, torn up streets, fires everywhere. It looked as if a huge battle 
was just fought. The images peaked
Ryoko's interest and she sat up. "Ooh a war, cool" She said as she sat up. After 
a few minutes of panning, the camera stopped on a news anchor dressed in 
camouflaged battle
attire. "As you can see around me, the last two days of fighting here in Sydney 
has been particularly violent, both SSAM and Marines taking heavy casualties 
from each other. In fact,
we've just received word that an entire squad of M1A2 Abrams Battlers were lost 
in combat north of this location." As the news reporter droned on, Ayeka was 
quick to realize
what he just said. "Sydney? But isn't that an Earth city?" She asked, confused. 
"Yeah, don't fret though Ayeka, it's all just a movie anyway." Ryoko replied
nonchalantly. Suddenly the two ladies looked back at the TV when an explosion 
was heard in the distance. "This just in, the Marines in the city have been 
chased to the harbor, the
SSAM has regrouped and is preparing to launch a final strike to finish them-

The anchorman never finished, for a huge explosion from a nearby shell destroyed 
him and the surrounding 2 blocks, yet the camera survived. "Oh my god!" Ayeka 
screamed, pale
from the sudden, but gory act of violence. Ryoko sat back in her chair laughing 
at Ayeka's fear; she loved this. "Wow Princess! You're a riot when you're 
scared!" The
pirate laughed until something on the news caught her eye. It was another news 
reporter on top of a skyscraper by the harbor mentioned earlier, and a woman 
reporter was speaking.
"You mean we've lost them?" She asked the cameraman. Faintly Ryoko could hear 
the cameraman say. "We just lost them, that shell hit the area where they were 
and I lost a
radio signal." Ryoko quickly became alert, something wasn't right, and 
somehow.someway.Washu was involved.

 

            Tenchi and Sasami had been running for quite a while, the thing that 
they saw was farther away then they had thought, but when they got to it, they 
were shocked with what they
saw. "Is that a.?" Tenchi trailed off when he and Sasami came to a clearing and 
found a boy roughly younger than him lying on his back in a small crater. 
"Tenchi.is he?"
Sasami asked in a whisper. Tenchi didn't answer; he just stepped closer to the 
boy and sighed. He, the child, just lay there motionless, his red eyes staring 
expressionlessly at the
sky. To Tenchi and Sasami (as well as Ryo-ohki) the boy seemed almost like a 
toy, like a robot in the way he lay there, as if he weren't in any pain at all. 
"How'd he get
here?" The young princess asked Tenchi, who shook his head. "I don't know, but 
I'm pretty sure he's dead." His reply drew a horrified gasp from Sasami and
mournful mewls from Ryo-ohki.

            As Tenchi examined the crater around the boy, he noticed the armor 
suit he wore. That's funny, why is he wearing this? He thought as he began 
moving some debris away
from the body so he could pick him up.

What he found shocked him, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki.

"Wings? Oh my god!" Tenchi shouted almost loud enough for the entire area to 
hear. It was that shout that resonated through the boy's head, and awoke him.

            "Tenchi.he's.moving." Sasami stammered, pointing at the boy's 
twitching hand. Before any of them could react, the boy's eyes focused and he 
jumped to
his feet. He stood there for a few seconds, just staring blankly at Sasami and 
Ryo-ohki; who were petrified with fear, and spoke. "Unit Type Zero active, life 
support systems check
clear, weapon systems check clear, tracking system and ECM systems check clear. 
All systems check clear. Primary function: Render enemy incapable of combat, 
Secondary function:
Destroy all life, military or otherwise." The boy, Type Zero, let out an inhuman 
growl and attacked Sasami, who was pulled out of the way by Tenchi just in time. 
Type Zero stopped
his charge and looked at Sasami and Tenchi, his eyes glowing faintly. "Die." He 
said before drawing a beam saber and advancing. "Come on Sasami we have to get 
out of
here!" Tenchi yelled, grabbing Sasami and running like he had never run before. 
"There is no escape." Type Zero said before taking off and flying after the 
fleeing pair.

 

            Washu had come out her lab, proud of what she had just done. It was 
the crowning achievement of her life so far, and she couldn't wait to see how 
the others were coping
with it.

She found out soon enough.

"ALRIGHT WASHU WHAT DID YOU DO?" Ryoko yelled at the top of her lungs as she 
grabbed Washu by the throat and held her up. "Whatever do you mean Ryoko?"
She asked, trying to sound innocent and calm despite Ryoko's grip. "You have a 
pretty good idea of what I mean, mom, why is there a war going on in Australia 
when there
wasn't one yesterday?" Washu was surprised, a war? She had obviously never 
considered her experiment would land them in a war. "Well.it's a long story so 
can you
stop throttling me?" Washu asked. Ryoko complied and let her mother go. Washu 
looked over her daughter's shoulder and saw Ayeka crying from what she had seen 
on the TV.
"Ayeka what happened?" She asked. "I s-saw a man d-die! He never s-saw it c-
coming!" Ayeka managed between sobs. Washu sighed and was about to explain 
herself
when they heard an earsplitting shriek and assorted yells and meows from 
outside. "That sounded like Sasami!" Ryoko said as she flew to the door and 
outside.

            Ryoko could only gasp at what she saw. Tenchi was running like he 
had never run before, dragging Sasami and Ryo-ohki behind, and all three of them 
were scared beyond belief.
"Tenchi what's happening?" Ryoko shouted. "Get in the house! He's after us!" 
Tenchi yelled as Type Zero suddenly dropped from the sky and swung his beam
saber hard, nearly hitting Sasami, who screamed. "He's going to kill us!" She 
yelled as Type Zero landed in front of them. "Die." Type Zero whispered as he 
approached
Tenchi and Sasami, beam saber held high. Ryoko took this time to act, rushing at 
Type Zero and punching him hard in the face, and sending him flying into the 
lake. "Lay a hand on
either of them and I guarantee that you wont even live to scream in the pain I'm 
going to inflict on you!" She shrieked as she created a beam sword in her hand. 
Type Zero stood
up and growled. "Render.enemy.incapable.of.combat." He said as he flew straight 
at Ryoko who countered his slash with one of her own, stopping him cold. Type 
Zero
jumped back and began flying backwards as Ryoko opened up with two energy blasts 
that missed him barely. Type Zero stops again and flies straight up with Ryoko 
in hot pursuit.
Putting away his beam saber, he dove at Ryoko and punched her in the face, and 
then roundhouse kicked her towards the house. Ryoko recovered and vanished, 
appearing above Type
Zero and firing multiple energy blasts, which he evaded. "He's too fast for 
Ryoko, what's going on here?" Washu said as she created her laptop and began 
timing Type
Zero's reflexes. Type Zero and Ryoko took the fight to close range Ryoko found 
she was at a loss to the boy's speed. Ryoko aimed a punch for Type Zero's face 
but found
nothing but air and got a knee in the ribs from him. Type Zero raises his arm 
and elbows Ryoko into the ground hard. "Ryoko! Oh no!" Tenchi, Ayeka, Washu, and 
Sasami shouted
at once as Type Zero dove towards her, drawing a beam saber. "Die." He whispered 
as he brought the blade down on Ryoko, only to hit the ground.

"You're fast, I'll give you that.but it's easy to see you lack my power!" Ryoko 
remarks as she opens fire with hundreds of green energy blasts that throw Type 
Zero
into the trees near the Masaki shrine. Ryoko dove in after Type Zero and found 
him recovering, rearing back she punches Type Zero up the hill, taking trees 
down with him as he went
upwards. "I.will.destroy.all.my.enemies." The boy says in a low tone, wiping the 
blood trickling from his mouth. Ryoko rushed Type Zero again and punched him, 
but
her fist was caught, and that's when she, Washu, and Ryo-ohki felt it. "He's 
equal with her." Washu stammered, trying to make sense of what she was feeling 
from Ryoko.
Tenchi looked at Ayeka, who understood what Tenchi had in mind and followed him 
up to the shrine to help Ryoko.

            Yosho sat in his shrine, meditating, he had heard the commotion 
going on and he too was impressed by the power that radiated from Type Zero. "He 
is strong.but confused
and lost." He said before standing up. Walking outside he watched as Ryoko and 
Type Zero rose above the shrine, trading blows, and showing no signs of letting 
up. Ryoko
punched Type Zero twice across the face and launched a kick at his stomach, only 
to have her foot caught and twisted. Ignoring the pain she created a beam sword 
and slashed at his
face, but missed when he let go and dropped back. As he attacked again he 
crashed headlong into a forcefield and was thrown to the ground where he crashed 
with a loud roar. "For
once Princess I'm glad you're around." Ryoko said as Azaka and Kamidake appeared 
next to her. On the ground, Ayeka and Tenchi approached (in full battle gear) 
the crater
made by Type Zero and found him gone. "He's gone." Ayeka said. "Princess Ayeka!" 
Kamidake shouted. "Behind you!" Azaka finished. Ayeka and Tenchi
turned around just in time to be clothes lined by Type Zero and thrown down the 
steps of the shrine, knocking them out. "Die." Type Zero remarked as he headed 
for the closest
target: Ayeka. Before he could cut the Jurian Princess in half, Azaka and 
Kamidake intervened, creating a forcefield that stopped him cold. "Get.out.of.my 
way!" Type Zero
roared as he struck fast, sending Azaka and Kamidake flying into the trees. "Hey 
buddy! Look out!" Ryoko yelled. Before he could react, Ryoko had already kicked 
him high into
the air. Rushing up in pursuit she punched Type Zero hard in the face, sending 
him backwards about 50 feet. Type Zero looked at Ryoko, who laughed. "Listen 
kid, I was mad at ya at
first but I do have to admit fighting you sure is fun!" Type Zero's eyes narrow 
and he speaks. "It's all fun and games until I've measured your technique." He 
says
expressionlessly. Suddenly he rushes Ryoko and punches her hard in the stomach, 
and then proceeds to put her through the wringer. First he grabs her by her face 
and begins punching
her in the face hard and fast, and then he kicks her towards the ground, 
vanishing, he reappears below Ryoko and punches her back into the air, the force 
of the blow causing her to
scream in pain. Vanishing he appears above Ryoko and draws his beam saber. "Now 
you die." He snarls as he raises the beam saber.

            Just as Ryoko was about to get within the range of Type Zero's 
slash, however, there was a loud roar and Mihoshi's cruiser hit Type Zero so 
hard that it knocked him out
cold again. The cruiser screamed through the air and crashes, as it had a 
tendency to, into the lake in front of Tenchi's house. Tenchi awoke when he 
heard the splash and got up just
as Ayeka did. "Miss Ayeka, are you alright?" Tenchi asked, showing his concern 
as always. "I'm fine Lord Tenchi, but where's Ryoko?" Ayeka's question was
answered when Ryoko appeared next to them clutching her side. "Tenchi, Ayeka, 
are you two alright?"

"Yes I'm okay Ryoko, a little sore, but okay." Tenchi replied. "Ditto." Ayeka 
said groggily. Yosho walked down the flight of steps and stopped where they 
were. "I see
that you are all alright, now let's go check on Mihoshi, her ship collided with 
the boy." He said calmly before continuing his down stair trek.

            Mihoshi was standing there quietly, tears running down her face as 
Washu examined the boy. She had hit him pretty hard and was praying that she 
didn't kill him. "Well
Miss Washu? Is he okay?" Mihoshi asked. "He's fine, just out like a light." 
Washu replied. Sasami walked over and stood next to Washu, a fearful look in her 
eyes.
"What are we going to do with him? He's too dangerous to keep around the house, 
he might attack us when he wakes up." Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi showed up at the 
area
and saw the boy. "Washu is he.?" Tenchi asked. "Just asleep, he seems to be 
exhausted and Mihoshi's ship was the lullaby he needed." The small genius 
replied.
"So what are you going to do?" Sasami asked again. "Well I'm impressed by this 
boy's power, I really haven't seen anything like it, and he's just as strong as
Ryoko and a lot faster too. I'm going to take him to the lab and run a few tests 
on him, he may provide some useful information to the situation I put us in." 
That reminded Ryoko
of her previous question. "Yeah that reminds me! What did you do to us all?" She 
yelled angrily. "I'll answer that when we get to the lab, now help me get him 
down
there." Washu ordered.

 

            High up in space, a pair of spacecraft held themselves in orbit 
around Earth, one of them resembled a Battleship of old day but was radically 
altered into a Space Battleship, and
the other craft (much smaller) resembled the old XB-70 Valkyrie experimental 
Bomber of the 1960s. The battleship was called the Kestrel and is only a small 
part of a huge fleet's
worth. The other ship was the MC-76 Valkyrie Battler Transport, one of a kind. 
"So.the prototype thought he'd escape to Earth, huh? Well not even his precious 
Marines can
save him now that we've tracked him down." A young woman said as she looked out 
the window of the MC-76.

 



So what'd ya think of Chapter 2? It's only heating up! In the next chapter Washu 
explains her Grand Experiment and Type Zero wakes up, only to be thrust into 
battle against new
and potent enemies alongside new friends! Please tell me what you think. Write 
me at Sawdust28@hotmail.com later.
