Another Disclaimer (weather or not you want to hear one): As I've said before I 
DO NOT OWN THE GOD DAMNED SHOW! If I did own Tenchi Muyo you'd be seeing this
episode now wouldn't you? Well you're not which means I don't own it so leave me 
alone.

            The entire Masaki household (save Nobleukey) stood in Washu's lab, 
looking at the sleeping body of Type Zero; and patiently awaiting the 
explanation the little genius
would give them. Washu was hard at work reading the data her scanners gave her 
as they checked Type Zero's body, measuring everything about him from height to 
weight, energy
output, type of armor he wore, weapon systems he carried, and most importantly, 
whether or not he was human. "Hmm.very interesting." Washu mumbled as she 
studied the
data. "Miss Washu, have you found anything interesting?" Ayeka asked, while 
keeping her guard in case the boy awoke, like the rest of the people in the 
room. "Well I've
found something of interest already." Washu said. "Well what did you find out?" 
Ryoko asked impatiently. Washu just shrugged her shoulders and replied. "All my
scanners say that this boy is as human as Nobleukey." Needless to say, they were 
all shocked pretty well by Washu's news. "There is no way he can be human! This-
this
THING defeated Azaka and Kamidake like they were nothing!" Ayeka shrieked. 
"Yeah, humans are weak, short life-spans, high sex-drive, lack of proper 
technology. Just regular
terrestrial creatures." Ryoko added, crossing her arms. "Human, that's what the 
scanners say and they're not defective because I checked them for my experiment
earlier." Washu explained. That clicked in Ryoko's head and she remembered the 
experiment Washu had spoke of earlier. "Washu, what was your 'Grand Experiment'
anyway?" She asked, not throttling the little genius for once. "Well it's a long 
story but I'll fill ya in." Washu said happily.

            Pretty soon the Masaki family was seated at desks in front of the 
bed Type Zero slept on, waiting for Washu. "Remember the last time we had a 
class?" Sasami asked
Mihoshi, who giggled. "Yeah, that was fun and funny, I hope this class is fun 
too."

Ryoko and Ayeka both grimaced, memories of electrocutions and large objects 
crashing on their heads still quite fresh in their minds. "Don't remind me." 
They both said
drably. "What did happen?" Tenchi asked only to be hushed by Yosho as Washu 
appeared at the front of the class. "Hello class, I'm your teacher Professor 
Washu and
I'm here to teach you all a course in dimension compression and fusion!" The 
class looked at Washu blankly. "What's that?" Mihoshi asked blankly. "Well my
simple-minded pupil let me explain. I was in the lab earlier when I thought 
'I've sent people and other matter to other dimensions, so what would happen if 
I sent something bigger
to another dimension?' Then it hit me, I would send another dimension to another 
dimension!" The entire class, even Yosho, looked at Washu in a mix of horror and 
awe; yes,
they believed she had finally flipped. "Miss Washu! Do you know what kind of 
chaos you have just brought onto us all? With so many people being moved you'll 
throw them
into confusion when they meet the habitants of this dimension!" Ayeka yelled, 
fearing for herself and Sasami as well. "Don't worry Ayeka, when I sent our 
dimension I made
sure that none of that confusion would occur by moving our universe to a 
universe approximately 1017 years into the future and downloading the last 1017 
years of history to the minds
of every human being (or otherwise) on this planet and in the universe in less 
than 3.2 nanoseconds. So in other words, it's like another day for everybody, 
save a few changes here
and there. Nobody's the wiser except for everyone in this classroom." All Washu 
got was blank stares from her class. "Wow, what does it all mean Washu?" Mihoshi 
asked
blankly, forcing the genius into the facefault to end all facefaults. "Weren't 
you listening to what I just said?"

"Umm.I think so, why Miss Washu?"

"Never mind, run along Mihoshi"

            A beeping noise alerted Washu, who looked over where Type Zero lay. 
"Ooh goody, our guest of honor is about to awaken!" She said with the giddiness 
of a schoolgirl.
"W-Washu, are you sure that he won't be able to attack us?" Sasami asked as the 
"class" walked over to the table where Type Zero lay, stirring. "Trust me, he
won't be able to get through the shield I built personally for high energy 
creatures."  Washu replied smugly. "Shh, he's waking up." Tenchi said as he 
backed away from
the table instinctively.

            The first thing he saw when his eyes opened was a bright light that 
made him rub his eyes in pain slightly, something about this place seemed 
familiar to him, the light reminded
him vaguely of something, something horrible. "Ugh, w-where am I?" He mumbled 
before noticing the people staring at him. "Who are you?" He asked the Masaki 
family. The
room was silent, no one knew what to say, even Yosho was hesitant to make a 
move, and it was Mihoshi who made the first move. "Hi! My name is Mihoshi, I'm 
sorry for crashing
my ship into you I hope you're not mad." Type Zero looked at Mihoshi blankly. "I 
don't understand when did that happen?" Mihoshi smiled. "When you were
fighting my friends Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi. Sasami says that you tried to kill 
them but like I said, I knocked you out of the sky by mistake, sorry." Type Zero 
immediately stood
and bowed in shame. "Please, forgive me I hope no one was hurt, I must've went 
berserk, it happens from time to time, I do not know why." He said politely. 
"Nobody was
hurt too badly, thanks to me." Ryoko muttered angrily. Type Zero then shook and 
deactivated his armor suit, which faded away revealing a pair of black slacks 
and a blue t-shirt.
"Wow, did you see that?" Tenchi asked. Washu was impressed; he could morph 
betwixt his forms, and berserk? There was a great deal of information stored in 
this child, and she
wanted to learn more. "What are you?" Washu asked, her curiosity overriding her 
normally sadistic nature. "Oh? I think I'm human, my name is Arrow, but my other 
name
has preceded me."

"Type Zero?" Sasami asked. "Yes, that's it, but that's the name of a butcher. 
And I prefer to just be called Arrow, or Li." Arrow replied sadly. "Where do you 
come
from?" Washu asked. "I don't know, everything before I was twelve is a blank, I 
don't know what species of human I am, where I come from, or who my parents are. 
All I
know is that I have done horrible, horrible things for as far as I can remember 
people are either terrified or extremely hateful towards me." Arrow explains. 
Yosho nods, he could feel
that the boy was filled with a deep sadness, a form of sadness that only killing 
others against your will could bring. "Washu, I think it would be safe to let 
the boy out the field,
he's harmless." Washu complied, and the boy stepped off the table and looked 
around the lab. "What sort of place is this? It's bigger than any laboratory 
I've ever
seen." Washu smiled, she loved introductions. "You are in the lab of the 
greatest scientific mind in the universe! This lab has been the site of many a 
radical discovery, from the
discovery of antimatter to the creation of Ryoko over there! You are in the lab 
of I, Little Washu!"

Arrow nodded, he was impressed beyond belief. "Um.maybe it would be best if we 
moved this upstairs to the house. It's around dinnertime any way." Sasami 
suggested
while she watched Mihoshi staring at a red button that did some god-awful thing. 
Washu caught Sasami's gaze and got the hint. "Yeah, it would be a lot safer.err 
I mean more
comfortable to be upstairs, we can't be sitting around here all day!" Washu 
shouted as she shoved Mihoshi away from the button and towards the elevator, 
with the others
following.

 

Nobleukey let out a low groan as he walked down the path towards his house; a 
long day in Tokyo was only more exhausting for the fact that he'd be walking 
home to a probable
battlefield. "I hope Ayeka and Ryoko decide to skip their evening scuffle, I'm 
not paid high enough to repair the house repeatedly." He seethed to himself. 
Suddenly, he heard a
roar and looked up, to see a huge delta winged aircraft hovering above him. Is 
that a military aircraft? He thought before the battleship Kestrel overshadowed 
the MC-70 easily. "Oh
my god! Wow!" Nobleukey shouted as he fell backwards, partly from the force of 
the MC-70's V/TOL engines. The Kestrel slowly came to a stop and hovered 
silently over the
loud Valkyrie as the latter landed over Nobleukey without crushing him, and shut 
down its engines. What's going on here? He thought as he quickly ran out from 
under the plane
and towards the trees, only to be stopped by a young woman's flying kick. 
"Alright pal, whaddaya doing around here?" The brown haired, blue-eyed teenage 
girl asked as she
grabbed Nobleukey by the back of his head. "Ow! I was just going home! Please 
don't hurt me!" Nobleukey howled as the girl began to slowly apply pressure to 
her hold.
"Where do you live pal?" The girl asked with a grin. "Up the path, please let me 
go, I have a family to take care of!" Nobleukey replied. The girl let Nobleukey 
go and kicked
him hard down the path, a flight of twenty yards. "Go home old man, things are 
going to get real ugly soon so you may want to get away." Taking that as a 
chance he may never
get again, Nobleukey ran like hell towards the house where the Masaki family was 
enjoying dinner with Arrow. "So who was that Amber?" Another young man asks from 
the roof
of the MC-70. "Just a civilian, no threat." The girl replied to the brown-
haired, brown-eyed young man. "According to my calculations the Prototype should 
be in the area within
2000 yards Amber." Another young woman with blonde hair and gray eyes said as 
she walked up to Amber. "Hmm, that means that he could be in the house up the 
hill up from
here, contact the Kestrel and tell them to prepare to fire a few warning shots 
around the house up there and get ready to move in. Clay, Joy, let's get ready." 
Amber says to the
boy and girl, who obey without question.

 

            Arrow sighed when he finished his plate and leaned back until he was 
lying down. "It feels great to finally eat, it's been weeks since the last time 
I ate." He remarked
almost nonchalantly while keeping his near monotone voice. "Arrow, how did you 
end up in our yard? Did you fall from an airplane?" Sasami asked as she served 
Ryo-ohki a plate
of carrots. "Ooh I know what happened!" Mihoshi shouted before Arrow could 
speak. "Well, I was coming back from patrol when I saw him fighting these 
airplanes that turned
into robots! He cut them to pieces, but the last one he attacked blew up really 
big and sent him flying towards the ground!" She finished after failing at 
making what she just said
sound really exciting. Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi looked at Mihoshi and 
just began laughing their heads off. "Airplanes that turn into robots? You have 
got to be kidding
me!" Ryoko shrieked as she kept laughing. "I'm sorry Mihoshi, but I think you've 
been watching too many cartoons!" Tenchi yelled as he kept laughing.

"She's telling the truth."

The laughter in the room died immediately and all eyes were on Arrow. "Let me 
explain; the military of earth is made up mostly of aircraft and tanks that can 
shift to an
anthropomorphic fighting mode, these vehicles are known as battlers. Some are 
fully capable of space combat, as were the ones I fought earlier, others are 
regulated to ground and
atmospheric duties. All are very dangerous and the pilots, who are part of the 
military, can be as young as ten years old. There are many models of battlers, 
but the ones used most
commonly used are the MiG-31 Foxhund Battler for air and space combat and the 
M1A2 Abrams Battler for land and undersea combat." Sasami was mesmerized, real 
fighting robots
and she was old enough to actually fly one. "Wow, I wish I had one." 

She said to herself quietly. "Oh, um, why did you get into a fight with the 
Battlers Mihoshi told us of Arrow?" Ayeka asked. "It's a long story, but I'll 
make it as short as
I can. 500 years ago, Earth was visited by an extraterrestrial coalition hoping 
to form an organization dedicated to keep the peace in the known universe. Earth 
accepted and for it's
strategic location it was made the capitol planet of the Solar System Alliance. 
Working on mistakes and techniques used in the 20th an 21st centuries, (AN: 
That's a whole 'nother
story folks) the SSA as it was called formed a separate military entity called 
simply the Solar System Alliance Military or SSAM that was responsible for the 
protection of all citizens of
the alliance. For centuries it was okay, but recently, in the last 50 years, the 
military has been distancing itself from the SSA, pursuing it's own interests 
and so forth. By ten years
ago, the SSAM had control of almost half the Alliance's territory, yet they 
managed to keep the SSA and its citizen's blind to this. That's when a group 
that is now known as
the Marines struck, and began fighting back to free the SSAM controlled areas of 
the Alliance territory." 

"So why hasn't the SSA done anything about this and try to help the Marines, and 
why aren't the people doing anything to speak out against this?" Yosho asked. 
"As
far as the common people are concerned the Marines are dirty terrorists and the 
SSAM are the hour's heroes. And all the SSA can do is draw up peace treaties and 
sanctions against
both sides, enforced by the only non-corrupt military strength in the Alliance, 
the Alliance Secret Service and another organization called Soldiers of the 
World." Arrow replied.
Yosho nodded. "The atrocities being performed by the military in secret are so 
horrible that it's a miracle that they haven't surfaced, the shock would bring 
about the end of
the Alliance as we know it and cause a terrible and endless war. That's why the 
Marines are fighting so hard to stop it, because we want stability and peace 
more than anyone
else." Arrow sighed and sat up. "So you are a Marine?" 

"Yes Yosho, I am a Marine."

Tenchi stood up, a new fire in his eyes. "I'll help in any way I can!" Ryoko 
raised her hand. "If Tenchi's going to help then count me in too!" Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, Washu,
Sasami, Yosho, and even Ryo-ohki seconded the motion to help Arrow. "Thank you, 
we can always use more help." Arrow said with a smile.

            Suddenly, Nobleukey barging into the house breathing heavily and 
clutching his sides interrupted the dinnertime conversation. 
"There's.something.out.side."
He said between breaths. Tenchi, seeing the condition his father was in, rushed 
to him. "Dad, what happened?" He asked as he helped Nobleukey to the couch. 
"These two
huge aircraft landed down the hill, and a woman kicked me, she told me that 
something terrible was going to happen soon." Nobleukey said with labored 
breaths. "Did the ships
look unusual?" Arrow asked, his eyes narrowing. "Yes, one of them was a huge 
flying battleship, and the other one was smaller but sleeker, it had delta-wings 
and two smaller
wings behind the front of it." When Nobleukey made that description, Arrow 
became very, VERY, scared. "They found me." He muttered before there was the 
loud roar of a few
passing energy beams that hit the hills north of the house and shrine, with a 
devastating explosion that knocked everyone down. "What was that?" Tenchi asked 
as he got back to
his feet. "I know who it is, it's the Black Dawn Team." Arrow said before 
Amber's voice carried through the air via microphone. "Long time no see 
Prototype! It has to
have been at least six weeks since we crushed you at Fera plateau on Natu, so 
how are ya?" Amber asked via microphone, followed by silence. "Who's the Black 
Dawn
Team?" Ryoko asked. "The elite of the SSAM, there's only three of them, but they 
have wiped out entire regiments of Marine and SSAM alike by themselves. They 
have no
mental stability and tend to show no mercy, not even to children for they are 
only children themselves." Arrow explained. "We have to get out of here." Tenchi 
said as he
walked to the door and peaked down at the Kestrel, which was deploying 50 
Foxhund Battlers to take Arrow out. "We need to, but we can't, they won't let us 
get away
now." Arrow said. "So we'll just have to kick them around ourselves." Ryoko said 
as she phased through the wall to the outside. "Wait Ryoko!" Arrow shouted as he
ran out the door after the space-pirate with Ayeka and Tenchi on his heels.

            Ryoko grinned as the Foxhund Battlers began walking up the hill 
slowly, in gun-mode, looking for Arrow. "They look like fun." Ryoko thought 
before flying towards them
low and fast. As the Foxhund Battlers advanced up the hill, one of them stopped 
and suddenly began to short circuit. "Hey Grissom, what the hell is going on 
over there?" Another
Foxhund pilot radioed. The pilot never replied, for             at that moment 
the Foxhund exploded with devastating force, and Ryoko rose from the blast, beam 
sword in hand. "What the
hell is that?" Another Foxhund pilot asked as she targeted Ryoko, who attacked 
the Battler and chopped both its arms off. Turning around she fires an energy 
blast that blows the
Battler up. Ten other Battlers turned and opened fire upon Ryoko, who vanished 
and reappeared behind one and sliced it in half with a long beam sword while 
blasting another with a
pair of energy blasts that pass through the cockpit and engine reactors, with 
messy results. "It teleports! Scatter now and attack!" A pilot shouted as he 
opened fire with a pair of
missiles on Ryoko, which slam into a shield created by Ayeka. "You aren't going 
to lay a finger on Arrow!" Ayeka shouts as she punches the left leg of another 
Foxhund,
blasting it clean off. As the Battler fell, Tenchi took the initiative and 
chopped both arms to render it harmless. 

            As the Foxhunds began to drop like flies at the hands of Tenchi, 
Ayeka, and Ryoko, Amber watched from the cockpit of her Battler, a one of a kind 
Su-27 Flanker Battler. "My,
it seems our favorite prototype has some very powerful friends. Let's see them 
survive a full power shot from the Kestrel." She remarked as she radioed said 
battleship, which
pointed its main guns at the battle area.

            "This is too easy!" Ryoko yelled with glee as she landed on the head 
of a retreating Foxhund Battler and drove another long beam sword down through 
the entire center of
the mecha. "Hey, they're running away!" Tenchi said as the remaining 24 Foxhunds 
lifted off the ground and shifted into flying mode and raced away from the 
house. "They
are trying to get out of the way! Run for the love of god!" Arrow yelled as he 
flew in; in his armored suit form of course. But before they could run, huge 
yellow beams of energy
hammered the hillside, causing huge explosions that sent Tenchi and the others 
diving for cover. Tenchi coughed up dust as he stood up and looked around. "Is 
everyone okay?"
He shouted into the settling dust. "I'm okay Tenchi, Azaka and Kamidake came to 
me and Ryoko's aid." Ayeka called through the dust. "I'm fine, don't
worry." Arrow said as he pushed a fallen tree off him. "Doesn't this look 
familiar, huh Prototype? Just like Fera Plateau, you had the advantage, and then 
we showed up. And of
over 20,000 Marines involved in the battle, only you survived. I pray we repeat 
the Plateau all the way, we don't want any more allies crawling out to help your 
sorry ass." Amber
said through the microphone. Arrow let out a low growl, he remembered the battle 
so well, and some of those people were his friends, people who he had promised 
they would live to see
another day on the night of the battle. "Amber! Come down here and fight 
coward!" Arrow yelled as he blasted straight into the air and right for the all-
black Flanker Battler.
"Come and get me prototype.' Amber replied to herself as the Flanker went into a 
steep climb immediately. As Arrow climbed after Amber beams from the Kestrel 
surrounded him.
"Oh no." He whispered before he took six hits in the back from air-to-airs from 
Amber. "Poor Prototype! Did you hurt yourself?" Amber asked as the Flanker 
Battler shifted
to gun-mode and drew its weapons of choice, a pair of long bladed axes. The 
Flanker dives headlong at and shoulder barges Arrow into the ground and drops 
towards him axes first.
Arrow rolls out the way of the blades and flies straight up as the Flanker lands 
with its feet skyward. The Flanker stands up and is kicked down the hill by 
Arrow, who draws both his
beam sabers and attacks. Here he comes.Amber thought, as Arrow got closer. "Now 
Joy! Hit him!" Just as Arrow was in cutting range of the Flanker, he ran into a 
wall of
cannon fire which blasts him straight up, following the cannon fire was twenty 
small missiles that race above Arrow and blast back towards the ground, hitting 
Arrow and sending him
towards the ground. "C'mon Clay, go for the goal!" Amber yells as the Flanker 
Battler kicks Arrow like a soccer ball. "He shoots, and." Clay shouts as his 
Battler, a
Su-37 Terminator Battler appears from its ambush position and kicks Arrow back 
towards Amber. As Arrow nears the Flanker Battler, another Battler equipped 
largely with heavy rifles
and built in missiles rises from in front of the Flanker and kicks Arrow into 
the ground at the base of the hill. "She scores!" Joy yells as her Su-34 
Fastback Battler strikes a pose.

            The three Battlers walk down the hill and stand over the unconscious 
body of Arrow. "Poor, poor prototype, it really pains me to see you like this. 
And we used to be such
friends." Amber says as she raises an axe over Arrow and swings down hard to 
finish him off, only to hit something hard.

It was Tenchi.

"Leave, and do not return." Tenchi said as he held the blade of the axe in his 
hand with help from the powers of the lighthawk wings. Amber, Joy, and Clay were 
surprised by the
courage and the power that Tenchi was displaying at this moment. "Who the hell 
is you kid?" Amber said sloppily. "My name is Tenchi, that's all you need to 
know, now
leave and never come here again." Amber was pissed now, she wasn't one to take 
orders from pipsqueaks, and she especially wasn't going to take orders from this 
one.
"Punk, I don't take orders from punks like you!" She yells as she swings the 
other axe and hits nothing but dirt. "Huh? Where'd they go?" Clay asked as the
Terminator Battler turned around only to get whacked in the chest and face area 
by spaceship form Ryo-ohki. "Now this is a fair fight, eh princess?" Ryoko asked 
Ayeka, who
laughed and used her shield to push all three Black Dawn Team Battlers into the 
ground. "AH! Amber I can't move!" Joy yelled as she fought her Battlers 
controls. "You
and me both sister!" Amber replies. As Ryo-ohki hovered over the three Battlers, 
the Kestrel acted, it's captain ordering to fire at will at the spaceship, which 
takes only three hits
before Ryoko and Ryo-ohki are howling in pain. "They won't last" Tenchi thought 
as the ship faltered to stay aloft. Arrow suddenly awoke and stood up. "What's 
going
on?" He asks Tenchi, desperation in his voice. "That ship has Ryoko and Ayeka 
under fire, we have to help them!" Arrow looked at the Kestrel and drew a beam 
saber.
"Tenchi, let's double team it." Tenchi nodded and created a lighthawk sword just 
for the occasion. "Let's.go!" Tenchi said as he and Arrow ran at the Kestrel,
swords held high. Amber saw the two young men rushing the Kestrel and cursed. 
"Kestrel, pull out! You are in danger of attack!" The Kestrel's captain didn't 
reply; he had
figured that the spaceship was the threat, but he failed to notice Arrow and 
Tenchi make their attack. Tenchi jumped over Arrow as he raised the sword over 
his head and Arrow raised
the sword before they both vanished, and reappeared standing on the Kestrels 
stern; Tenchi standing with the lighthawk sword to his side and Arrow with his 
beam saber held behind
him. The Kestrel stopped firing as it divided into four pieces and fell to the 
ground harmlessly. Tenchi and Arrow jumped off the Kestrel as Ryo-ohki fired a 
hundred revenge shots that
tore the Kestrel's wreckage apart, creating several large explosions.

            "Team, I think it's time to run" Amber said as the Flanker managed 
to grab a flash grenade from it's side and tossed it, blinding Ryo-ohki, whose 
yowl broke
Ayeka's concentration and allowed the Black Dawn Team to retreat to the MC-70. 
"You're one up on us Prototype! But don't think we'll cut you much slack next
time!" Amber shouted through the microphone as the MC-70 lifted into the air and 
simply vanished (thank you light-speed technology). 

 

            Later that night, Tenchi winced as Washu finished taking care of his 
injuries with a simple shot. She was chuckling as she administered the solution, 
which made Tenchi as
healthy as he ever was. "You and Arrow did very well out there, you two are 
almost equal in strength." She said softly as she put a band-aid on where she 
gave the shot and
handed Tenchi a lollipop. "There you go widdle Tenchi, alright, NEXT!" Tenchi 
walked away, snickering when he heard Washu telling Ryoko that she needed about 
a thousand
shots, and headed outside. "Hey Arrow, where'd ya go?" Tenchi asked, wondering 
where said boy had run off. "Over here Tenchi." Arrow said as he tossed a rock
across the lake, watching it skip. Tenchi walked over to Arrow and stood next to 
him. "What's up Arrow?" Tenchi asked.

"After Washu gave me that shot, she asked me if I was interested in donating 
some sort of 'sample' so she could see how human I was." Tenchi laughed and 
threw a rock
himself. "Trust me, that means she likes you Arrow."

"In that case I think I'll sleep outside.away from the lab." Arrow and Tenchi 
had a short laugh and both threw rocks across the lake, that's when Tenchi 
noticed the mark
on Arrow's hand. "Hey what's that?" Tenchi asked, pointing at Arrow's right 
hand. "Oh this, it's just a birthmark." Arrow said as he showed Tenchi a very
tattoo-ish birthmark. "Wow." Tenchi uttered as he looked at the mark, which was 
a snake-like dragon that was colored green with an orange belly. "Some 
birthmark, all I have
is this." Tenchi remarked as his Jurian mark appeared on his forehead. Arrow and 
Tenchi both began laughing. "Tenchi?" Arrow asked after the fit of laughter. 
"Yeah
Arrow?"

"Thanks for saving my life, I owe you one." 

"Well, you would've done the same for me, but all you really owe me is your 
friendship,"

Arrow smiled and extended his hand. "Deal." Tenchi shook Arrow's hand and 
smiled. "Let's head inside, it's getting late." Tenchi said as he headed off to 
the
house. "Race ya!" Arrow shouted as he ran by. "Your on!" Tenchi shouted back as 
he chased Arrow to the house.

 

            Amber sighed as she looked at her report on the incident near the 
Masaki house and sighed. "Damn, now I'm going to have to write more of those sad 
letters." She said
with a bit of a sadistic grin.

 

 

Author's Notes: Damn that was a long one, huh? Well onto a preview, Arrow is 
getting along well with the Masaki house residents while half a world away (and 
beyond) Marines are
gathering to find their MIA comrade, as well as a mysterious woman in a red 
spaceship who seems to want Arrow's head on a platter. Doesn't she look 
familiar?
