Ayeka's Rival, Tenchi's New Love
 
By Nega Moon Brat Jessy
 

Hi I'm Nega Moon Brat Jessy and I'm writing my 2nd fanfic. It's a Tenchi Muyo 
story. It's about Kaori, an old rival of Ayeka and friend of Ryoko come to 
earth. Tenchi falls in love with her. That really pisses off our favorite 
Juarian princess and Space Pirate.  

Kaori is a juarian demon who was arrested by the Galaxy Police 700 years and was 
just released. Now she's back to bother Ayeka. An evil woman named Makusuku and 
her partner Hurrican want to kill Kaori once and for all. Will she be killed or 
will Ayeka help her? Find out!


Email Me at JesJes724@aol.com 
 

 

Characters as they appear in story: 
Ayeka: the princess
Ryoko: the rival's friend
Tenchi: the poor soul 
Kaori: the rival 
Makusuku: the villain
Hurrican: the villain's partner

Rating PG-13! 

 


Ayeka sat in the living room reading a magazine. It was actually quiet in the 
Masaki household. Ryoko was watching TV, and Sasami was cooking dinner. 
 
Then there was a new bulletin. "Flash. Space pirate Kaori was released from 
custody of the Galaxy Police today. Will the space pirate bring tragedy to the 
universe?   Just stay tuned to this station." The newscaster said. 

Ayeka's eyes widened.  "No way how could she be free" Ayeka freaked, breaking 
the silence. "What's the matter princess" Ryoko said turning around. "My rival 
Kaori. She's a demon girl who went on a rampage of murder 700 years ago. She and 
I were worst enemies." She said.

"Really? I knew Kaori. She's so sweet. She wouldn't do things like this. Well 
maybe be your enemy" Ryoko said. "Shut up pirate" Ayeka said.

"Hi I'm home." Tenchi said as he opened the door. "You came in just in time. 
Dinner's ready" Sasami said. "Thank goodness" Ryoko said as she went to the 
kitchen. 

"That was great Sasami" Tenchi said after dinner. Ayeka went straight to her 
room. "I wonder if Kaori is on Earth?" She said as she went into her bed. "That 
would be scary." She said as she closed her eyes.

"I'm leaving" Tenchi said as he ran out the door. When he got to class, he sat 
down. "Class, we have some news" the teacher said catching Tenchi's attention. 
"We have a new student in our class". She added. "Her name is Kaori Makiki, 
she's from Hong Kong, China." 

"Kaori sit behind Tenchi" The teacher said pointing to where Tenchi was. "Okay" 
Kaori said as she walked to the seat. Tenchi felt his cheeks get warmer as Kaori 
sat down.

"Hello" Kaori said as she put her books on her desk. "Hi" Tenchi squeaked. "Am I 
making you nervous?" She asked bewildered. "Oh no, why do you think that" Tenchi 
said. "Because you're blushing." Kaori said smiling.

During class, Tenchi couldn't focus. He started to believe that he was in love 
with the new girl. She was very pretty. Her shining blue eyes to her beautiful 
lavender hair. Now he knows how Ryoko and the others feel about him.

After school he almost missed the bus. He was so caught up in thinking of Kaori. 
"Hi Tenchi" Kaori said as she ran to him. "Oh hi Kaori" He said blushing. "Do 
you think one of these nights we can study together." She said. "Sure" He said. 
"How about tonight" He suggested. "Okay" She said. 

"Do you live around here" She asked.  "I live in the mountains near my 
grandfather's shrine" Tenchi said. "That's cool." She said trailing behind him. 

"I'm home!" Tenchi said. Kaori followed him in. "I guess nobody's home" Tenchi 
said as he scanned the room.  "Is that a good thing?" Kaori asked. "Hi Tenchi" 
Sasami said as she poked her head from the kitchen. "I guess we're not." Tenchi 
said.

"You're princess Sasami" Kaori said as her eyes widened. "How do you know?" 
Sasami asked a tiny bit bewildered.  "Sasami who are you talking to" Ayeka said 
as she entered the room. She gasped. 

"It's you. What are you doing here?" Ayeka demanded pointing to Kaori. "Miss 
Ayeka what do you mean. She's a new girl from my class" Tenchi said. "That's a 
clever disguise Kaori, but you didn't fool me. Tenchi this woman is a vicious 
space pirate." Ayeka explained.

"Space pirate" Tenchi gasped. "That's right. But I just released from prison" 
Kaori said crossing her arms. "That doesn't mean you won't try to harm others." 
Ayeka said. "Tenchi-chan you don't have to worry, I wouldn't hurt you for any 
reason" Kaori said. "That's a lie. That's what she says to all her victims" 
Ayeka said grabbing Tenchi. 

"Not really princess" Kaori said grabbing him back. "Girls please stop" Tenchi 
said a tiny bit dizzy. "Kaori you fool you're making him sick" Ayeka said 
referring to his dizziness. "He gets sick looking at your face" Kaori said. 

Ayeka couldn't take her insults anymore so she smacked Kaori. Ayeka's handprint 
was on Kaori's face. So she smacked her back. "What's going on?" Ryoko said as 
she entered the room. "Ryoko-chan how are you" Kaori said as she walked from 
Ayeka.

"Oh hello Kaori. You finally got out?" Ryoko said as Kaori approached her. "700 
years wasn't enough for her." Ayeka said rubbing her cheek. "Shut up" Kaori 
said.

"Ryoko I've been having problems" Kaori said. "What?" Ryoko asked. "You remember 
Makusuku" Kaori said. "Yeah why?" Ryoko asked again. "She's after me. She wants 
to destroy me for what I did 2000 years ago to her planet." She said sitting 
down. 

"Kaori-chan, we'll protect you from, um, what's her name?" Tenchi asked. 
"Makusuku" Kaori repeated. "This is mutiny. Makusuku should destroy you for just 
being alive" Ayeka said coming between Tenchi and Kaori.

Far away in outer space, a woman with light brown hair was sitting on her throne 
and looked at the stars that surrounded her spaceship. "Hurrican-kun, are we 
almost near Kaori's hide out." The woman asked. "Not yet Makusuku-san" a man 
with jet-black hair said.

"Kaori with suffer for destroying our home planet 2000 years ago" Makusuku said 
as she sipped her wine. " She certainly will. My wife was destroyed in the 
destruction." Hurrican said as he balled his fists tightly. 

"You'll get your chance to fight her. But remember I will kill her" Makusuku 
said. 

The days went by fast. Kaori and Tenchi were getting closer everyday. That 
pissed off Ayeka dearly. Ryoko wasn't taking it easily either. She suffered 
quietly. 

"This is insane!" Ayeka said as she slammed her fists on the coffee table. 
"What's your problem?" Ryoko asked as she looked at the peeved princess. 

"You know what my problem is Ryoko. It's Kaori. She's stealing Tenchi from me" 
Ayeka said as she fumed. "Well I'm pissed too, but I don't act like you" Ryoko 
said. 

"It's sickening the way Tenchi acts when he's around Kaori. Like he's her slave" 
Ayeka said as she sat down. "	She's your friend Ryoko, talk to her" 

"Why should I interfere with my friend's love life. Even if it's with the man I 
love." Ryoko said as tears formed in her eyes. "Ayeka help me! I can't stand 
Kaori taking Tenchi away!" Ryoko said as she threw herself on Ayeka.

"Bye Kaori" Tenchi said as he hung up the phone. He blushed slightly and walked 
to his room. 

He flopped on his bed. He was totally in love. He only thought of Kaori. He 
would sacrifice his life to protect her.  

Kaori sat in her room thinking of the terror she was about to face. Makusuku 
would certainly kill her for the crime she had nothing to do with. 

The bomb was placed in her house. But someone else did it. His name was Tu. He 
was killed eventually by the blast, but Kaori was on duty off the planet.

She looked at the picture of her and Tenchi that was taken recently. She kissed 
the picture and held it to her heart. "He's all I have on this measly planet. 
Ayeka is so peeved about us, but that's her damn problem" Kaori said.


"Makusuku" Hurrican said as she opened her door. "HURRICAN ECCHI! GO AWAY!" 
Makusuku screamed as she slammed the door in his face. She was naked. Hurrican 
blushed. "Sorry about that. I was going to tell you that we are arriving on 
Earth shortly." He said, his face still red.

"That's wonderful. Don't ever do that again" Makusuku said; now fully clothed. 
"From a reliable source I heard she was staying with a boy" Hurrican said. 

"Now be nice and capture her" Makusuku said as she put her arms around his neck. 
Hurrican felt a bit nervous but enjoyed her touch. "I will Maku-chan" Hurrican 
said. "Good" She said as she kissed him. His eyes were wide open. 

"Maku-chan I'm a married man". Hurrican protested. "The bitch's dead. Get over 
her." She pulled him close to her. They went into her room and shut the door. 
The rest is history.

"Come Kaori we're going to be late." Tenchi said as he grabbed his girlfriend's 
hand running down the street. "Tenchi slow down I'm getting tired." Kaori said. 
"Finally" Tenchi said as they approached the school.

"Kaori-chan I wanna ask you something" Tenchi said as they sat in their seats. 
"What?" Kaori said. "You are a demon space pirate from Juari right?" Tenchi 
asked. 

"Yes I am from Juari, but I lived on another planet because Ayeka drove me nuts. 
I met Ryoko on that planet. Makusuku and Ryoko fought. That when there was the 
destruction. A servant of Makusuku named Tu placed a bomb near my house. Ever 
since that day Makusuku hates me and wants to kill me." Kaori said as she put 
her head on her desk. 

"Kaori don't worry I will protect you" Tenchi said putting his hand on her 
cheek, caressing it gently. "How Tenchi" Kaori asked. "I never told you this but 
I have Juari powers" Tenchi said. 

"My grandfather is Yosho." He added. "You mean that nice old man could have been 
the Juarian king" Kaori said. "Yeah but he didn't want to return to Juari" 
Tenchi said. 

"Did he have any children?" Kaori asked. "Yeah my mother Achika. She died when I 
was about five" Tenchi said. "Oh I'm sorry." Kaori said. "Don't be. You're my 
family now." Tenchi said. 

"You're right Tenchi. Being a space pirate, I never had time to be in love like 
I am now." Kaori said blushing slightly.

"Kaori do you have a place to live?" Tenchi asked. Kaori blushed. "No, I've been 
living in my spaceship Mayu." Kaori said. "You can stay with me" Tenchi 
suggested.

 "I would love to Tenchi, but I can't stand staying in the same house with 
Ayeka." Kaori said kissing his cheek. 

"Tenchi-chan?" Kaori asked. "What?" Tenchi said. "Do you want me to stay with 
you so you can jump my bones" Kaori asked winking. Tenchi blushed furiously. 
"No, no that's not why" He said. 

Kaori teleported to her spaceship after she spoke with Tenchi. There was an 
emergency signal. "What's the matter Mayu?" Kaori asked. "I have word that 
Makusuku is near Earth" Mayu said. (The spaceship can talk) 

"Great just what I need" Kaori said as she banged her fists on the keyboard. "It 
seems Makusuku is stronger than the last time you faced her." Mayu added.

"I remember that. She made a total fool of me" Kaori said closing her eyes, 
feeling tears go down her cheeks. 

1000 years ago:

"Hello Kaori long time no see." Makusuku said as she approached Kaori. "It's you 
the beast of the galaxy." Kaori said as she got her long silver sword out of its 
case. 

"Have you been taking fencing lessons?" Makusuku said as she got her sword out. 
"No I haven't. I'm just well experienced." Kaori said.

"Who will strike first?" Kaori asked. "Let me" Makusuku said charging at Kaori. 
Their swords clanged for at least 1 minute. "Stop playing and fight" Makusuku 
said as she plunged the sword into Kaori's side.

Kaori screamed as Makusuku dug the sword deeper into her. Blood gushed from the 
wound. Weakly Kaori punched Makusuku in the stomach, releasing her from the 
stabs. 

While Makusuku was crouched over, Kaori took her sword and plunged it into 
Makusuku's back. Blood gushed from the wound. "KUSO" Makusuku screamed as Kaori 
took her bloody sword from her back. 

Makusuku weakly stood up and threw her sword aside. "Why did you do that. Your 
sword won't help you anymore?" Kaori said smirking, holding her wound. 

"No. I'm gonna kill you with my bare hands. Since you are very skilled with the 
sword." Makusuku said as she started firing blasts at Kaori. 

Kaori screamed as the blasts surrounded her body. "Having fun space pirate. That 
will teach you to double-cross me." Makusuku said laughing evilly. 

End of Flashback.


"She just left me there to suffer" Kaori said as she opened her eyes. "I will 
destroy her for hurting me" Kaori said balling her fists. 

"Won't Tenchi help you?" Mayu asked. "He said he would. Oh Mayu-chan I love him 
so much." Kaori said blushing. 

"I can really tell. He's all you talk about" Mayu said. "Should I tell him about 
this?" Kaori asked. "If you must" Mayu said. 

"Maku-san we are here. We are entering Earth's atmosphere" Hurrican said. 
"Great" Makusuku said as she laughed evilly. 

"Kaori she's here. I just sensed her presence" Mayu said. "Damn it" Kaori said 
hurrying to the phone. "Tenchi it's me. I'm in trouble. Makusuku is here.  Come 
to my spaceship quickly" Kaori said.

"Right." Tenchi said as he grabbed his sword. "What's the matter?" Ryoko asked 
as she saw Tenchi run.  "Kaori's in trouble. Makusuku is here." Tenchi said. 

"So the bitch made it to Earth. I'm helping Tenchi" Ryoko said. "What's going on 
here" Ayeka demanded. "If you care, Kaori is in trouble" Ryoko said. "Huh. In 
trouble?" Ayeka blankly said. "Yes Makusuku is here to destroy her" Ryoko 
explained.

Ayeka just snorted and turned her head. "Fine be that way" Ryoko said teleported 
away. "Makusuku is so strong. I can feel it. Kaori doesn't stand a chance." 
Ayeka said smiling.

"TENCHI" Kaori screamed as her voice rang through his ears. "Kaori I'm here" 
Tenchi shouted. 

There stood Makusuku. A fairly tall young woman with light brown hair and 
shining pink eyes. She wore a black cape with a long red skirt. She held a sword 
with many rhinestones on it. 

Beside her was a shorter man with short blond hair. He had blue eyes and green 
pupils. He held a red gun that was about the size of his palm. 

"Kaori surrender now. You can't stand against me!" Makusuku said. "You're going 
to get a fight Makusuku" Kaori said as she got her sword. "Ah a sword fight 
again?" Makusuku said as her eye caught Tenchi and Ryoko.

"Oh Ryoko you're here too. Destroying you will be a pleasure." Makusuku said 
smirking. "Oh don't worry Maku you'll get hell from me and Tenchi" Ryoko said as 
she got her laser sword. 

"What can this mere boy do? Throw gum in my hair. Don't make me laugh" Makusuku 
said. "If you must know, Tenchi is Yosho's grandson" Kaori stated. "Him?" 
Makusuku said. "I assumed Yosho was dead after fighting Ryoko" Makusuku said.

"You assumed wrong." Tenchi said as he pointed his sword at Makusuku. "Now leave 
Kaori alone" Tenchi demanded. "Why should I? She destroyed my home planet" 
Makusuku said crossing her arms. 

"How many times do I have to tell you? I had nothing to do with the destruction" 
Kaori practically screamed. "Liar. Now shut up" Hurrican said slapping her 
across the face. 

Hurrican made a binding beam that surrounded her. "TENCHI" Kaori screamed. 
"Kaori no" Tenchi shouted running to her. As he got closer to her, the force 
field blasted him to a wall. "Tenchi" Ryoko shouted running to him.

"Tenchi are you alright?" Ryoko asked lifting his head up. He nodded weakly. 
"Now Kaori tell me why you destroyed my planet?" Makusuku asked. "It wasn't me. 
A man named Tu put a bomb under my house. I managed to escape before it blew 
up." Kaori explained. 

"Stop lying and tell the truth" Hurrican said putting his gun to her head. When 
he wasn't looking Tenchi stabbed him in the back. "DAMN IT!" Hurrican shouted. 

"That's what you get for hurting my girl" Tenchi said. "You want to fight boy?" 
Hurrican asked. "Oh let's" Tenchi said. 

Hurrican fired his gun at Tenchi frantically. Tenchi dodged them and ran to 
Kaori. "Kaori-chan are you alright?" Tenchi asked looking into her hurt eyes. 
She smiled and nodded. 

"Stay away from her!" Makusuku shouted blasting him away. "No Tenchi" Ryoko and 
Kaori screamed. "That's it I'm fighting" Ryoko said as she charged at Makusuku. 

"Not very smart Ryoko" Makusuku said blocking her attacks. 'Damn she's fast' 
Ryoko cursed to herself.  "Maybe being imprisoned 700 years wasn't enough. You 
don't even know how to attack" Makusuku laughed. 

"Shut up bitch" Ryoko said stabbing Makusuku in the stomach. Blood shot out from 
her mouth. "You son of a bitch" Makusuku screamed. Makusuku punched the living 
hell out of Ryoko. "Stop it Makusuku" Tenchi shouted.

"Go away boy" Makusuku shouted blasting him again. "MAKUSUKU STOP!" Kaori 
screamed breaking the barrier she was in. "How can she escape? This barrier was 
at a high level!" Hurrican said as his eyes twitched. 

Kaori's clothes were torn. She ran to Tenchi. "Tenchi are you alright?" Kaori 
asked as tears flowed down her cheeks. She rested her head on his chest. "Hey 
Kaori-chan I'm fine." Tenchi said, weakly smiling. "Oh Tenchi I'm so glad!" 
Kaori said holding him close.

Kaori looked into his eyes and kissed him, their first kiss. "Alright I'm sick 
of this soap opera. Let's fight" Makusuku said charging at Kaori. Kaori stood 
up, protectively in front of Tenchi.

"What does this boy mean to you? Do you love him?" Makusuku asked crossing her 
arms. "You don't know what love is. If you knew, you wouldn't try to destroy 
ours. You're just a power hungry bitch. Kaori said as tears flowed down her 
cheeks. 

Ayeka stood behind a tree watching the whole battle. "I will regret this. I'm 
going to help her." She said walking toward the battlefield. 

Makusuku fired blasts at Kaori, hoping to kill her. A sudden blast came from 
behind. Makusuku turned around to see Ayeka panting. The blast took a lot from 
her. "Ayeka" Kaori said, a tiny bit surprised.

"It's the first crown princess of Juari's royal family, Ayeka. What a nice 
surprise to see you here" Makusuku said smirking. "You're going to pay for 
hurting Lord Tenchi" Ayeka said. "Oh you have feelings for Tenchi too. Gee he 
has a lot of women after him. But I think this creature over here won his heart" 
Makusuku said pointing to Kaori.

"That may be. The one who will suffer will be you" Ayeka said blasting Makusuku. 
When the smoke cleared, Makusuku stood perfectly still, clothes were tattered 
but no injuries. 

"No way she should be dead." Ayeka said. "I'm not dead but you will die 
Princess" Makusuku shouted as she prepared an attack. "Ayeka no!" Kaori screamed 
pushing Ayeka out of the way, landing on the ground with hard thud.

"Why did you protect me?" Ayeka asked bewildered. "I should ask you the same." 
Kaori said smiling. Ayeka smiled back and stood up. 

"You will suffer dearly Makusuku" Ayeka said wiping some blood from her lip. "Oh 
really just try to kill me." Makusuku said crossing her arms. "Let me fight her 
Ayeka-sama" Tenchi said.  "Be my guest" Ayeka said.

"Oh I get to fight Kaori's lover boy" Makusuku giggled. "This shall be fun".  
Tenchi charged at Makusuku with his sword in his hands firmly. She just smirked 
and dodged his attacks. 

"Damn" Tenchi cursed. "Gotcha lover boy" Makusuku said grabbing his throat, 
squeezing tight. "Stop it Makusuku" Kaori screamed. With that Makusuku's grip 
tightened. 

"Kaori-chan" Ryoko said putting her hand on her shoulder. "Let's get this bitch 
for hurting Tenchi". "Right." Ayeka and Kaori said. 

As Makusuku continued her torture, Ayeka, Ryoko and Kaori prepared an attack. 
"Huh I turn around for a measly second and their going to blast me." Makusuku 
said. Ayeka fired her blast first, then Kaori and finally Ryoko. The three 
blasts fused together to make a powerful attack.

"This can't be" Makusuku said throwing Tenchi aside. She had no time to dodge 
it. She screamed as the blast destroyed her. Hurrican turned coward and ran 
away. He didn't get away. Ryoko blasted him. 

"Hey thanks" Tenchi said smiling. "Oh Tenchi I'm glad you're safe. I'm sorry you 
had to get involved with my business." Kaori said holding him tight. Tears 
flowed down her cheeks. Tenchi put his arms around her, comforting her.

"Hey Ayeka" Kaori said. "What" Ayeka said. "Thanks for trying to help. I'm 
deeply happy." Kaori smiled. "Sure anytime" Ayeka said smiling. Inside she felt 
like kicking herself for helping her rival. 

"Tenchi now we can be together without worries" Kaori said. "I guess so" Tenchi 
said cupping her chin and looked into her blue eyes. He kissed her, a kiss so 
sweet Kaori didn't want it to end. 














