Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or the characters. They are owned and 
copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer. I just wish that I did. This is written for 
entertainment purposes only; I am not doing this for profit in any way. Please 
do not sue me; I'm broke. This is my first fanfic, so please don't be too harsh. 
This one is written from Tenchi's perspective, just so you know. I know, all of 
the stories are Tenchi and Ryoko, but I guess it's safest to start with a sure 
thing. Please enjoy my story!

Ascension of the Soul

By Anime Enigma

I can't remember normality anymore. I really can't. Ever since I released Ryoko 
from that damn cave, my entire world has been turned upside down. Sometimes it 
gets so bad that I even question reality. Heh, that's a joke. "Reality." Such a 
simple word, but yet not a damn person comprehends it's meaning, least of all 
myself. I just wish that I understood. But, hey, that's why I go on these walks 
every night. Just trying to sort out my thoughts about everything, about 
everyone. Which, of course, always brings me to the problem of the girls 
living in my house, most trying to get me to fall in love with them. But it's 
become a bit of a custom for me to walk the worn trails and try to figure who I 
should choose. And every night it's the same arguments. I sighed, as I looked 
through the treetops, strolling deeper and deeper into the surrounding wood.

Alright, let's start with the "easy" ones:

Sasami: not a chance. I mean, she's kid for God's sake. Not really, of course, 
she's a number of centuries old, but nonetheless, she's a child. Therefore a 
definite "No."

Washu: seriously doubt it. Look, I know that's she's not a kid, but it just sort 
of disturbs me the way that she deals with her emotions. Yes, she lost a child 
unfairly; yes, she had her husband taken away. But still, you'd think that the 
"Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe" would be able to find some other 
way to cope. Therefore, once again, "No."

Mihoshi: unfortunately, no. This, I sort of feel bad about, since she actually 
seems to be the most normal of the group, what with her being sane and all. But 
I just can't see a future in which we spend the rest of our lives together. 
She's a nice girl, but nope.

Okay, now for the big two:

Aeka: sorry, but I don't think so. I know that if I somehow ended up getting 
married to her, it would just wind up being an empty relationship with both of 
us spending the rest of our lives stuck on our thrones. I'm just a simple guy, 
and something like that would be too much for me to take. She's a good person, 
but not her either.

Ryoko: man, this is the killer. I really don't know how I feel. I want to think 
that when she tried to kill me that one-day at the school was how she truly 
feels, but I know that it's not as simple as that. I can tell she has feelings 
for me (contrary to popular belief), but I just don't-

"I wish Tenchi was here."

Whoa, crap! I stopped and looked around for the source of the voice, and quickly 
my eyes came upon one of the most beautiful sights of my short life. Ryoko sat 
on a branch in a nearby tree, the moonlight highlighting her cascading hair and 
making her look like an angel from above. But yet something was differentê I 
couldn't quite place it. She also held a bottle of sake in her hand, but it 
seemed as if she had yet to take even a sip. 

She took a look at the bottle in her hand but thought better of it. "Sometimes I 
just wish that he would choose one of us. Life would be so much calmer." A short 
laugh. "But then he wouldn't be the Tenchi we know and love."

I could almost detect a slight bit of sarcasm in her voice, but I wasn't quite 
sure. I stood for a moment and assessed my situation: It was just Ryoko and I in 
the middle of the woods easily a mile away from anyone who could hear what we 
would say. Well, perhaps tonight would be the night I finally sorted out my 
feelings for her. I couldn't help but snort slightly in amusement at that 
thought. The quiet sound drew Ryoko's attention as she quickly sat up, suddenly 
alert.

"Who's there?!" she yelled in her most menacing voice, trying to cover the 
emotion she had been showing but a second ago.

"Hey, don't worry! It's just me," I replied calmly as I met her eyes.

That was it! Her eyes were different. I could see something hidden in them, 
something that I 
thought I had seen before but couldn't recognize entirely. Her eyes wereê 
warmer. No, 
that wasn't quite the right word. But in a blink of an eye, her gaze changed to 
an expression 
of profound hurt and pain. But then it too was replaced, this time by a sad, 
melancholy look, 
which seemed out of place on her beautiful visage.

"Tenchi, what are you doing out here at this time of night?" she asked, her 
voice tinged 
with sadness. I was, frankly, taken aback. I had never seen Ryoko being this 
unhappy 
without being dangerously mad.

"Um, I was just walking, you know since it was such a beautiful night."

The answer seemed to please her slightly, but the look of melancholy did not 
leave entirely, 
as was evident with her response of "Oh," twinged with that same sadness.

"And what are you doing out?" I asked in response, trying to see if something 
was wrong.

She sat there for a long moment, evidently contemplating an answer. But the one 
I received 
stunned me.

"Please, Tenchi. Leave me alone."

As I stood there in shock, I tried to piece together a reason as to why Ryoko 
would be this 
depressed. Nothing in particular had happened lately that could have put her in 
such a 
downward spiral. At least, that's why I thought. Well, might as well be direct 
for a change.

"Ryoko, are you alright? You seem kindaê depressed."

If I had any hopes of her opening up to me and telling me her troubles, they 
were just about demolished with the tears that appeared in her eyes and the slow 
expulsion of breath in a sad sigh. She didn't respond and we both just stayed 
there a long time, neither saying a word. Then, finally-

"You know, Tenchi, I always sort of thought that we were like the stars."

In reaction to her statement, I took a long gaze up at the stars before 
returning my eyes to Ryoko as she sat on the tree branch.

"What do you mean by that Ryoko?"

For a moment I thought that perhaps I had gotten through whatever shell she had 
surrounded herself with on this night as she brought her lips up in a smile, but 
it quickly turned quite bitter.

"At first," she said, as she leveled her empty gaze toward me, "I thought that 
we were warm and close to one another, something I'd hoped for a long time. But 
just recently I realized that I was right in a way, but entirely wrong in 
another."

She paused to laugh bitterly and wipe away the stray tears that had started to 
cascade down 
her cheeks.

"But really, we just look and seem so close, but yet are truly millions of miles 
apart."

As it were, I'd already been stunned twice this evening, and this just about 
knocked me over. 
I stumbled to come up with a response to her cruel analysis but I could only 
come up with, 
"Why?"

That bitter laugh again. "Tenchi, don't you see that this Orelationship' between 
us is just a 
sham, created by two people who had never experienced love before and thought 
they had 
found something? There I go again, just fooling myself into thinking that you 
care about me 
at all."

That I could respond to. "Of course I care about you Ryoko. You're one of my 
dearest 
friends!"

"OFriend!'" she spat, as if the word itself were a curse. "Right, like you give 
a rat's ass 
about me! Face it, you don't think of me as anything more than a damn demon, a 
black spot 
to be erased off of the face of this planet!"

My mind whirled as she threw these painful accusations at me, like shards of ice 
at my 
heart. "No, no, no! Ryoko, you're not a demon! I know that now! You're a good 
caring 
person despite what you want others to think! Despite, even, what you might want 
yourself 
to believeê"

Before I knew what hit me, she had teleported down and slapped me across the 
cheek. Hard.

"How dare you even think that you know what I believe! I know that I'm scum! I 
killed all 
those people! I wreaked havoc throughout the whole damn universe! And here you 
are 
saying that Iê that I-"

Her reply to my beliefs was choked off by her sobs rising from her throat. The 
beautiful, 
strong, captivating Ryoko was crying and it was because of me. Now, had it been 
any other 
night, any other person, I would have either ran or just stood there and tried 
to talk to them. 
But something was different. Maybe it was the moonlight. Or maybe it was the 
feeling that 
if I left her there, I might never see her again. Yeah, that was probably closer 
to the truth. So, 
with great effort, I walked over to where she had balled up next to a tree and 
pulled her close 
to my chest.

"Let me go!" she whispered and thrashed weakly to get away. But I held firm and 
softly 
stroked her hair, trying desperately to soothe her. After a long while she 
finally calmed 
enough that I could manage to talk to her.

"Ryoko, stop trying to put all of these terrible deeds on yourself. Kagato 
forced you to do 
his bidding by killing all of those people and damaging all of those planets. 
Kagato did all 
of that, not you! Deep down, I know that there is a beautiful woman who never 
had a chance 
to experience life for what it is before she was cruelly taken away and forced 
to do the 
bidding of an evil man. And because of what she was forced to do, that girl 
thinks that she 
too has become evil. But I think that maybe, just maybe, she might be able 
recognize that 
it's not her fault."

We both sat there for a long time, as I continued to stroke her silky cyan hair, 
hoping that 
maybe she would listen to my pleas. Slowly, deliberately, I cupped her face in 
my hands and 
stared within her eyes to gaze into her soul. Never before had I beheld such 
sorrow and 
wanted nothing more than to take her into my arms again and protect her from the 
ghosts of 
her past. But firstê

"Ryoko? Can you believe what I said to be the truth? Can you live in the present 
and try to 
leave your past behind?"

She pulled close to my ear and whispered with the sounds of a torn soul, 
"Tenchi, I can 
never leave my past behind entirely since I know that it made me into who DwhatD 
I am 
today. But for you, I can try to leave behind that slave and live in the 
present. Only for you, 
Tenchi. I love you, and I know that you - "

 "I love you too, Ryoko." I had to smile slightly at the shocked look on her 
face as she 
pulled back to look me square in the eyes. "I wasn't quite sure of how you felt 
towards me, 
but after tonightê," I shook my head. "I know I could never love anyone the way 
that I 
love you."

With a squeal of delight, she quickly wrapped her arms around my neck and gave 
me a 
deep, soul-searching kiss. You know, the kind that you feel as if you have a 
connection that 
goes beyond the physical, where the kissing becomes an embrace of the body and 
soul. A 
kiss where passion overrides all thoughts and the body just does what feels 
natural. As the 
kiss got deeper, I began to feel the rocks and twigs beneath begin to dig into 
my backside, 
and slowly, reluctantly broke the kiss. If I was expecting anger from her for 
doing so, I 
must say I was pleasantly surprised as she just smiled lightly, almost making me 
be drawn 
in for another kiss (inadvertently, I believe). 

"What's the matter, Tenchi?" she inquired lightly, she tone soft and dripping 
with honey.

Stunned anew from the soft, pleasant nature of her voice, I momentarily forgot 
my reason 
for wanting to break that heavenly kiss. That's about when a particularly sharp 
rock got 
wedged under my spine. "Umê oh, yeah, it's getting cold, and the rocks and stuff 
are 
kinda uncomfortable. Are you ready to go back?" I asked, embarrassed that I was 
having a 
hard time remembering things while her smile was upon me.

"Sure, I think that's just fine."

I got up and offered my hand, which she accepted, giggling lightly. We walked 
hand in 
hand back to the house. Now that I think about it, she left behind that bottle 
of sake as 
wellê I guess maybe you could say it represented the transition that she 
experienced that 
night, changing from the scared, tortured woman, tormented by dreams of her 
past, to a kind, 
caring woman who lived in the present.

But, yet, even that's not an appropriate evaluation. Even before that night she 
was a kind 
person, but it was almost as if that night's events kind of "finalized" her 
personality, as 
Washu would say. She was no longer that hardened woman that she pretended to be, 
or that 
frightened girl who was taken away from her mother and forced to commit 
unspeakable 
crimes. She became someoneê in-between, being kind but also firm in her 
resolves.

And what do you know? I became a new person as well. No longer was I that 
"spineless 
boy," as my classmates called me behind my back. Sure, I was able to face down 
Kagato 
without blinking, but deep down I was just a scared little boy. But after that 
night where I 
talked with Ryokoê it broke all of the barriers that I had created to protect 
all of the girls 
from being hurt. But, in the end, they were all most understanding, even Aeka, 
which 
surprised me to no end. Who knows? Things might become "normal" sooner that I 
think 
possibleê 

Yeah, and Ryo-ohki's gonna start hating carrots.

Well, that's my story. So did you like it? Did you hate it? Feel indifferent?

Please email me at:

anime_enigma@tokyo.com
