An Assasins Love Part 1

Disclaimer: all of the characters in this story belong to pioneer and other
stuff like that so dont sue me and  dont use my characters without my
permission or anything like that.

This story is placed in the OAV universe  Sasami is about 12 and just
starting to get the affect of assimilating with Tsunami.. (hintthe sasami
and the assasin will fall in love)

***********

The Assasin

On a stormy night at the masaki house washu is working silently in her
subspace lab monitoring the Masaki household.

" What is that" Washu said questioningly.

       The computer suddenly boomed," ALERT,ALERT,ALERT,!"

   " Oh my , TENCHI!!!" Washu screamed.

           Tenchi ran in, in his boxers and Tenchi-Ken ignited " What is it
Little Washu".

  " We have a problem."

After waking everyone up Washu explained what was going on.

      " You better have a good reason for this Washu" Ryoko griped.

" Yes what is it Washu" Ayeka joined in.

" If everyone would be quiet I'll tell you"Washu said.

" Ok well while i was in my lab I detected a small stealth ship from the
clan of the ghost blade "

Ryoko interupted " and that means".

" We are in serious trouble" she said gravely.

****

In the forest near the shrine

Out of the small torpedo shaped ship came a small black claded assasin with
a rifle and a light saber.

" Blast, that storm screwed up my landin ,crap"

The boy jumped into the trees and started weaving through them with ease.

He got to the shrine and saw prince Yosho walking about the shrine and
cleaning up.

" This one will get me somoe extra cash" The assasin said.

Unknown,even to Yosho the assasin had him in his crosshairs at that very
moment.

But just as the assasin pulled the trigger Tenchi jumped up and cut the
branch down that he was sitting on.

" OH crap "! the assasin yelled.

Even though he stopped him from killing Yosho he still injured him badly.

" WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU WANT"! screamed Tenchi withTenchi-ken at the
assasins neck.

" Tenchi help me with brother Yosho" said Sasami who had been at the shrine
at the time of the accident.

At the present time she was putting pressure on the wound in his abdomen.

" Tenchi go help Sasami  we'll take care of this nuesence" said Ryoko as she
and  Ayeka flew up the stairs.

           The small assasin jumped to his feet and turned his rifle to
fully automatic then fired.

Ryoko dodged the bullets and Ayeka simply put up a shield.

" You'll pay for that one kid" Ryoko said.

        Ryoko shot a volley of energy blasts at the boy who dodged them
easily.

" Thats all you got huh Ryoko, you'll have to do better than that to defeat
me"! The boy said as he teleported in front of Ryoko.

" What uhh..."

The assasin kicked Ryoko in face before she knew what happened.

          He then jumped on her and pointed his red light sword in between
her eyes.

Ayeka flew at him with all her power but he elbowed her  in the stomach, she
collapsed too her knees and was gasping for air. Then he put the barrel of
his silenced pistol on the princes's left eye.

" Ok look, I'm not even here for you Im lookin for a guy named Tenchi. My
mission has nothing to do with either of you." he  said calmly

" Hey Mat long time no see." a voice said from down the shrine steps

    " Who's there.....Washu is that you" he said with astonishment.

Washu walked up the steps to the place were Mat was keeping Ryoko and Ayeka
still.

" Wow I see your special training really payed off." the goddess said.

     As  she was talking the assasin took off his mask.

      He was about 6'1 blonde hair down to his eyes, and his eyes were a
very light brown.

" Well yeah if you considered that training in the black hole kinda stopped
my aging"The Assasin elaborated.

" I think right now without what the black whole did I would be  about
2,000 "

The conversation was interupted when the now freed Ryoko punched the assasin
as hard as she could and knocked him out cold.

   " Washu how do you know him and how does he know my name?" Ryoko asked

" WASHU we need help grandpas bleeding badly hurry" Tenchi yelled.

  " Hurry bring him to my lab, we'll have to finish this conversation
later." Washu responded.

 " Hey what do we do with this peice of trash " Ryoko said while holding up
the killer.

            " Bring him to my lab immediatly" Washu said.

" Whatever" Ryoko said as she threw him over her shoulder.

        Ayeka went up to the shrine to find Sasami.

Sasami was on the steps of kautsuhito's shrine office, there she sat crying
and scared.

Ayeka quickly sat beside her and held onto her " Shhhhh it's ok Yosho well
be fine you should know that Sasami"

" Really sister, can I go check brother Yosho" The young goddess said.

" Not now but tommorow morning maybe" Ayeka responded.

" Come on lets go home it's been a long night"

******

Washu's Lab

"Well I think he'll be fine, but who had any doubt with the Universes NUMBER
ONE GENIUS" Washu exclaimed proudly.

" Sure, sure Washu" Tenchi said " but what about the assasin and you, you
seem to know each other"

" Yes well he was another one of my experiments" Washu responded.

" WHAT so he's not human!" Tenchi exclaimed

" No nothing like that, I just made him train in the extreme gravity and
conditions of the black whole when he was very young" Washu elaborated.

                 "How old was he?"  Tenchi asked

 " I think he was about 2 years old" Washu answered calmly.

" TWO YEARS OLD!" Tenchi exclaimed " why did you do that Washu thats cruel".

" Actually on the other hand it was very helpful to him, you saw with your
own eye's how easily he defeated Ryoko and Ayeka. Although the black hole
stopped his aging I think he's about Ryoko's age "

" I want to see him" Tenchi said.

" Fine by me" Washu responded.

They walked through a long corridor to a huge room. The room had a large
contraption that was completly destroyed.

" Oh good now he's escaped" Washu said calmly.

 Tenchi walked around and saw the boy's outfit was laying on the tabel with
all the assasin's wepaons and tools. Except Tenchi couldn't find his
lightsword.

" So your Tenchi Masaki do you know how much your worth" the assasin said as
Tenchi felt the energy of the blade behind him.

" Why do you want me?!" Tenchi Asked

" Cash, two hundred million Juria thats why" The boy answered

" TENCHI GET OUT OF THE WAY!" Washu screamed.

Washu had a hugecannon on her shoulder, and just as Tenchi moved out of the
way she fired at the assasin who was hit full force by the blast.

" How dare you try to kill Tenchi, I will destroy you" Washu yelled as she
shot eight rounds were the killer was.

" Bet you would if you could little washu" the assasin said from behind
Washu.

He grabbed her throat and threw her agianst the wall like a doll.

" WASHU, NO" said Tenchi" YOU WILL PAY" Tenchi said as the emblem on his
forehead lighted up.

" Oh crap " said the assasin"Light Hawk Wings"

*******

BACK IN THE HOUSE

Mihoshi had just returned and was giving information on the clan of the
ghost blade.

" They are said to be a group of ruthless killers that originated on the
planet Huijaj and were then trained in the most brutal and ruthless
conditions.........................................."

" So there bad right"Ryoko said

" But doesn't Washu know that person I thought I heard her call him Mat or
something" Ayeka stated.

       "Well I dont care who he is he'll pay when gets out of that lab"
Ryoko said while putting ice on her face where she was kicked.

    " I agree he does deserve punishment" Ayeka piped in.

" Sister can I see Yosho" Sasami asked

" Well I geuss we can, sure lets all go" Ayeka said.

         " Whatever I'm going to drink some sake and then go to sleep" Ryoko
stated.

" Lazy bum"Ayeka said as Ryoko left the room.

     " I'll go to I want to check out that assasin guy whooop!" Mihoshi said
as she fell over the coffe table" Owwwwwww".

"uuhhh your hopeless Mihoshi" Ayeka sighed and Mihoshi answered with a groan
from the floor.

      As they entered The Lab they heard sounds of a nearby battle. When
they entered the room the sounds were coming from they saw Tenchi and the
assasin battling it out. Tenchi had sprouted the light hawk wings but seemed
to be still at the disadvantage.

" Man , you need to practice Tenchi Masaki"  the assasin mocked

        " Blast you!" Tenchi yelled as he swung to find nothing but air.

The assasin grabbed tenchi by the collar and threw him agianst the wall.
When he hit the wall his light hawk wings were deactivated. The assasin went
over to the body slung Tenchi over his shoulder and teleported out of the
lab.

           Just as this happened Washu regained consciousnis and screamed "
WE HAVE TO STOP HIM "

********

ON THE ROOF

Ryoko had decided agianst the sake and had went to sleep. But just as she
was starting to go to sleep she saw the assasin teleport beside her with
Tenchi on his back.

" What do you think your'e doing" said Ryoko who had just teleported in
front of him.

        " Nuthin babe just taking my reward"

" What did you call me"

          " Why *BABE* what do you mean"

" You'll pay for that and taking Tenchi"

        " Oh really"

The assasin put Tenchi down beside him and said " If you can get through me
and get him he's your's *BABE*"

   " Fine you better get ready" Ryoko said as she got into her battle
stance.

            Just as she did she split into two, one of her selves attacked
him at full force with her saber.He parried the attack easily and tried to
fight back but then he looked behind him.
           The other Ryoko teleported behind him and took Tenchi. When that
was done Ryoko went back into one.

        " I won hahahah who's the loser now" Ryoko taunted.

" Well, well, well your very talented Ryoko" He said as he pulled out two
sub machineguns and let loose.

       " No Tenchi !" she said as she dodged and saw that he had been hit in
the arm. His wound was deep, but it started to  heal immediatly.

       " Tsunami !" Ryoko exclaimed and looked behind her and found
Tsunami's sihlouette behind sasami whos hair was flowing long behind her.

           " This will stop!" The blue haired goddes said" I will not allow
this anymore."

" You will not harm anyone else here." Sasami said with a voice not of her
own.

         Sasami held her hand out and the killer was thrown off the roof.
None the less he landed on his feet and teleported behind Sasami.

              " You no for a goddess your kinda weak." The assasin said with
a cocky tone of voice.

" Not really ."

      "What do you mean uhh........" He said as he fell over bleeding from
various wounds and bruises.

" Sasami what in the world did you do. " asked an astonished Ryoko.

       " All I did was completly stopped his healing process, you see all
the wounds we inflicted on him are now showing up. He has and unbeliveably
fast healing process, even faster than your's Ryoko."

" Yeah whatever, hey is Tenchi going to be ok?" Ryoko asked

             " Yes Ryoko he'll be fine but I'll watch him over night. "
Sasami said with her regular voice.

" Hey Sasami I'll do it for you anyway I'm really worried about him." Ryoko
said.

        " Ohh Ryoko your naughty aren't you." Sasami said in her small child
voice.

" Well lets just keep that between me and you, ok Sasami."

"Ok haha." Sasami said.

" Well then I will take him down to Washu." Tsunami said through Sasami.

" Ok seeya in the morning Tsuna..Sasa.. Tsu aahh whatever goodnight Sasami"
Ryoko said.

    " Goodnight Ryoko " Sasami said as she dissapated into Washu's  Lab.

  " Well I better put Tenchi to bed" Ryoko thought out loud as she
teleported back into the house into Tenchi's room.

    She put Tenchi into his bed and tucked him in. Then she layed down a
small pallet for her. although she didn't go to sleep until very early in
the morning she was up with Tenchi in the morning.

********

THE NEXT MORNING

 " Wha..wher. oh my.. Washu everyone"

 " Hey you know there are other people sleeping in here everyone's ok" she
said from Tenchi's bed beside him.

       " Ryoko what are you doing in here."

" I was making sure you were alright Tenchi , you were injured badly" Ryoko
said with care.

              " Thank you Ryoko I appreciate it" Tenchi said while giving
Ryoko a hug.

" Ummmmm.. Tenchi.. " Ryoko purred.

         " Hey Ryoko what are you... HEY ... STOP... RYOKO!!!"

  Ayeka blasted through the door and screamed " WH....WHAT IS THE MEANING OF
THIS MISS
RYOKO"

          " QUIET !!!!" Washu Yelled from the door.

They all stood and stared at Washu. Tenchi wasn't paying attention and he
fell off the side of the bed with and umph. A huge sweatdorp was on the back
of everyone's head.

" I think Mihoshi is wearing off on him" Washu sighed.

     " Well what do you want MOM" Ryoko said.

" I have a suprise for you" Washu turned behind her and motioned for someone
to come near " Come on" she beckoned.

      From behind the corner came a young man with a white shirt and black
shorts about 6 feet tall with light brown eye's and short blonde hair " Hi"
he said simply.

" It's YOU, Washu how dare you keep him alive" Ryoko snarled.

             " What did I do?" the boy asked.

" She's just got a agression problem" Washu whispered.

  "Oh ok "

                    " Washu why are you bringing HIM into the house he
almost killed me last night" Tenchi said.

" Look if you would all shut up I'd tell you jeez "

     " Mat would you go wait outside for Mihoshi she hsould be coming in
soon. Oh and here's this" She said as she handed him a towel and an
umbrella.

" What do I need this for" The boy asked                          " Trust me
you'll need it" The genius answered.

       As Mat left the room the genius turned to the three stunned
onlookers. With a wisp of her hand Washu brought up her holotop computer,
she typed a few keys and three steel cylinder like containers.

" What is it Washu?" Tenchi asked.

                             " Three very special jewels that I found on our
special friend." Washu elaborated.

" What, you mean like mine?" Ryoko asked.

                                      " Sorta but more powerful " She said
as she pulled a remote control and opened the three tubes with it. In each
tube  was a  large black  jewel about the size of a golf ball , around the
jewel  was an aura of energy.

                  " Amazing i'snt"                     " Washu their evil I
can feel it" Ryoko said.

" Washu those arent the.... " Ayeka was about finish her sentence when Washu
cut her off " Jewels of Tokimi ,yes they are."

                     " Well what is he doing with them?" Tenchi asked.

" As I told you Tenchi he was trained inside the blackhole, so he was the
only one strongest enough to handle the jewels. You could say that he is the
rightful owner of those jewels."

      " Wait Washu you mean that he's stronger than me?" Ryoko asked dumb
founded.

" Very much but you dont have to worry about him now without his jewels he
couldnt hurt a fly.. well maybe but you know what I mean."

    " So he's perfectly fine unless he gets his jewels back right?" Asked
Ayeka.

  " Exactly."Washu answered.

             Just as the whole situation was setting in on all of them they
heard a whistling sound in the sky and a loud splash. The whole house and
around it looked as if it had been raining for a while.

" WASHU!!!!!" Mat screamed from door.

       As he walked in the room everyone busted out laughing.He was soaked
from head to toe and holding the unconcious Mihoshi.

    " Why didn't you tell me what I needed the towel and the umbrella for?"
Mat asked as he put Mihoshi on the floor. " You know it's not that funny ,
man."

Everyone paused and looked serious for a moment then Washu,Ryoko and Ayeka
were rolling on the floor laughing. A huge sweat drop was on the back of
Tenchi's head. " There hopeless." he turned to Mat and said "here let me
show you were you'll be staying."

THE SHRINE THAT EVENING

At the shrine that evening the sound of a mock battle could be heard.

  " YAAAH" Yosho yelled as he smacked Tenchi with the bokken.

    " Oww crap that hurt " Tenchi wined.

           "Hey what are you two up to?" Mat asked.

" Just training ,what are you doing up here?" Tenchi replied

    " Nuthin, I'm bored you mind if  I have a go at you"

" You want to fight me? " Tenchi asked.

         " Yeah I think I might can hold up against you." Mat said proudly.

" what do you think grandpa?" tnechi asked.

         He simply nodded his head and threw his bokken to Mat . Mat grabbed
the wooden sword out of the air with his left and adopted his stance, legs
together, left hand out and his right hand at his hip. Tenchi  too went into
his Jurian battle stance. They both stood and stared at each other until a
bird flew off a limb and spooked Tenchi who charged.

    " HEEEEAAAAH"

Tenchi swung through thin air and looked around nervousley. A voice in the
trees said "Yeah i think I can hold up."

Mat jumped from the limb and adopted his stance once more. Mat closed his
eyes and motioned for Tenchi to attack him.

       " Fine" Tenchi said with a hint of anger in his voice.

He charged at him only to find he wasnt' there " tsk tsk tsk" A voice said
form behind him. Tenchi suddenly felt a sharp blow too his back which put
him on the ground.  He stood up and said " Were did you learn to fight like
that?"

     " To tell you the truth I have no idea." Mat answered.

"  What?, what do you mean you dont have any idea?" Tenchi asked.

        " I mean I dont know!" Mat yelled as the ground beneath him began to
crack. "AAHHHHHH what is this!!" he screamed as he fell to the ground. Mat
pounded the ground beneath him and then the whole shrine seemed to be
shaking as he stood up.

  " I will eliminate you Tenchi Masaki." he said calmly as he ignited a
blood red energy sword.

WASHU'S LAB

In Washu's lab she was working on decoding the power frequency of the
jewels. She had most of the data when the jewels started to charge.

" What" Washu said as she looked up from her holotop" Power level increasing
, the shields wearing out , oh no ."  Washu's fingers raced across her
computer trying to acsess any kind of back up power to go to the jewels.

   " Diverting main power grid to jewel shield alpha 678 now."  The genuis's
computer boomed.

The lab went completly dark except for the jewels which lit up the portion
that it was in. " It's not enough?" Washu asked in awe.

 The jewels blew out of the shield and raced to their master. Washu was on
the floor trying to hold on to conciusness "no..." Washu saw no more.......

IN THE MASAKI HOME

Ryoko and Ayeka were sitting on the couch watching soaps. Sasami was busy
fixing dinner and trying to nicely make Mihoshi go away. Ayeka had got up to
try to help Sasami in her predicement when she felt the house start shaking.
" What is that?" She asked.

" What's what?" Ryoko asked not taking her eye's off of the television.

  " That shaking"

    Just as she finished her sentence Ayeka turned to look at washu door
which was glowing a bright white. Just as she start over to the door it blew
open destroying the whole area around it while it was racing for the front
door. Ryoko jumped up in her battle suit and attemted to stop whatever it
was from getting out.

" YAAAAAHH!!" she screamed as she shot a huge blast at the ball of energy.
It didnt seem to phase it at all it blasted past Ryoko sending her straight
into the wall. The entity blasted through the door and flew up the
Shrine steps.

 " Come on Ryoko!" Ayeka who had dawned her battle suit said as she flew out
of the door.

             " GRRRRR!" Ryoko growled as she flew right behind her light
sword ignited.

THE SHRINE

 Tenchi was trying to get away from Mat's strike's as well as he could ,
Yosho had also joined the battle trying to help Tenchi. All three of them
had dawned there lightsword and were fighting fiercely.

 " You two are weak." Mat stated clamly as he blocked two blows " I really
am growing tired of this." The assasin said as he put his hand on Tenchi's
chest "AHHH" he yelled sending him flying twenty feet into a tree.

Yosho charged up to him using his full power " YAAAAHHH!!!" he yelled as he
struck at the distracted assasin.

 Mat looked very suprised as he felt the side of his face start to poor
blood on the shrine grounds. He turned and looked at Yosho his eyes were
blood red and his face was covered in blood.

 " How dare you old MAN!!!!!!" He screamed as he put his hand into the air
and starting charging up "AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!"

 A huge ball of  red energy formed in his palms. " DIE!! ahhh........"  he
bent over coughing up blood and felt unbeliveable pain running through his
body. He looked down and saw a neat hole burnt the middle of his chest and
Tenchi-ken in front of him covered in blood.

     " (cough cough) what (cough) have you done to me (cough)" he gurgled as
blood was now coming out of his mouth faster.

Tenchi was sitting at the tree the Assasin had threw him at. Tenchi sat and
tried to keep himself conscious. He looked over at the shrine steps and saw
a ball of black energy  flying towards the assasin. Mat looked up as he
coughed up more blood. " I (cough) am co(cough cough)mplete" He gurgled as
the ball of energy hit him full force knocking him back into the steps of
the shrine covering him in stone and wood.

" What?" Tenchi asked weakly still recovering from the blow the monster
assasin had given him.

             " Tenchi are you ok!?" Ayeka asked worriedly. She and Ryoko had
chased the black entity  up the shrine steps.

        " Where is he Tenchi?" Ryoko asked while scanning the area

 But he didnt need to answer her question as Mat blew up out of the pile of
rubble. He flew straight at Ryoko and shot a huge blast at her. Ryoko dodged
the blast and got a good look at her opponent.

He was glowing an erie black glow his energy sword was blood red and his
eye's were an evil looking red.

 " What are you?"

" I am The Master of the clan of the ghost blade and Tokimi's guardian." He
answered calmly.''

                 " Well I don't care what or who you are you hurt *MY*
Tenchi and you will pay" Ryoko stated proudly.

       " Yes, you shall not harm anyone else on this planet" Ayeka said.

" You may try" The Assasin stated calmly.

       They both charged at him wildley Ryoko both of her hands held orange
light sabers. Ayeka's shields were charged up and ready to fight.

" Weaklings" He said as he adopted his stance once more.

       Ryoko flew straight at him and threw one light sbaer at him and swung
with the other. Mat caught the light saber and batted Ryoko off like she was
a fly.

" You have no chance resistance s futile" Tokimi's gaurdian said with a
hollow voice.

  Ayeka rushed behind the Assasin and smashed into him with her shield at
full power. Mat was thrown far away from the abttle feild and landed in the
small pond beside Funaho.

 " DAMN YOU " he screamed in anger. As he stood and regained his balance.
Funaho shot a beam of light at the assasin that rendered him completly
motionless. " BLAST YOU, YOU FUCKING TREE!!" He exclaimed as he tried to
stand.

   The only thing he could move were his eye's and as he looked up all he
saw a foot coming fast. Then he saw no more.........

WELL THAT WAS IT THE FIRST CHAPTER IN MY FIRST FIC YES!!!!!! But i need your
help if your reading it to send me Comments and criticsm. If you want to
reach me my E-mail address is Kanichi_45@hotmail.com but if your smart youll
just click on the link outside of this story well this is Ashito OUT. oh and
by the way if you havent already check out CULTURE SHOCK it kicks.
