Disclaimer: The characters, except one, in my story
are not mine and are property of Pioneer, and AIC!!

   One day when Tenchi and the gang were relaxing from
adventures from outer space, a ship comes in
disturbing the peace. Tenchi and the gang of course
went out to see who it was. Out of the smoke, they
could barely see the figure of some kind of body.
"Identify yourself!" Tenchi shouted. The figure, now
seen as a young man replied, "My name is not for your
concern. But are you Tenchi?" "Yes. Why?" answered
Tenchi. Ryoko jumped in and said, "Why are you here?!"
"Leave Tenchi alone!!" Ayeka shouted. "Hmm. So did you
kill the infamous Kagato?" the young man replied.
"Yes. He was someone I killed about a year ago."
Tenchi answered. Ryoko noticed the young man's hands
were now clenched as if in anger. The young man looked
at Tenchi straight in the eye and said, "Kagato was my
father." A short silence came until Tenchi and the
gang noticed the young man was charging forward to
Tenchi shouting, "You will pay for my father's death!"
Tenchi took out his sword and prepared to fight.
Seeing this the young man took his sword out too.
Grandpa started to notice the young man's sword looked
almost identical to Tenchi's. "Oh, my! Tenchi! This
man is different. Keep your guard up!" Tenchi's
grandpa shouted. Ryoko teleported to the side of the
charging man as she planned to do a sneak attack. The
man saw this and blasted Ryoko away. "RYOKO!" the gang
shouted. Tenchi, looking at Ryoko, just noticed
another energy beam going straight to Ryoko. "NOOO!"
Tenchi shouted. The beam looked like a large needle
that went through Ryoko's body. Tenchi filled with
anger shouted to the man, "Take this you!" The man,
happy that Tenchi was filled with anger, took out his
sword just in time to block Tenchi's. The man
increased the voltage in his sword causing Tenchi's
sword to cancel out and electricute him. "Tenchi!"
Ayeka screamed, as Tenchi laid in front of the man
motionless. Kiyone and Mihoshi just appeared after the
battle. The young man decides to leave when he saw
them and pitied Ryoko and Tenchi as he left. The next
day Kiyone and Little Washu looked up info on this man
and told the gang this. "Well guys, this man is
Kagato's son," Little Washu said. Kiyone then said
what she knew. "This guy is wanted by the GP as public
enemy number one. I found out he has destroyed many
planets, galaxies, and universes. He can take any form
he wants an is rarely seen in his true form."

My comments: If you would like me to keep writing
about this story E-mail me at
darkflamedragon@yahoo.com. I wanted to see if anyone
liked my story although it was just a reg. Also this
is my first fanfic!
