I make no claim to the characters or setting of this fan fic. I just had a good idea for a story and decided to write it down for the
Tenchi Archive and whomever else wants it. 


Ayeaka's Mistake
by Clayton Overstreet


  Ryoko was missing again and probably out goofing off, but Sasami was worried so everyone was out looking for her, except
for Washu who was still hold up in her lab. They had so far looked through the woods, the shrine/cave/prison, and the entire 
house. The only place they hadn't looked was the lab, so they banded together and with Mihoshi in the lead they went in. They 
would never be able to figure out how Mihoshi got them in, but she did. As they entered the room, they heard Ryoko and 
Washu's voices. Being as quiet as they could the entire group turned the corner and watched. Ryoko was laying on a 
chair/couch with Washu's mind reading device on her head. Washu was sitting next to her wearing glasses and writing on a note
pad. "Now," Washu asked," To continue your therapy, tell me everything you remember about your life, up to when I was 
rescued from Kagato's ship." *Ryoko flinched at the name but sighed. "Well now that you've given me your memories, I 
suppose it all started when I was in that glass tube. You had just given me consiousness, and when I opened my eyes i saw 
Kagato sneak up behind you and knock you out. Then he went to the computer and everything went black. When I came to 
I was on my way to my first rade." 
  The others in the room were rapt with attention. Tenchi briefly considered leaving, but knew without Mihoshi he'd never make
it. And she was staring at the screen attatched to Washu's machine. Tenchi's eyes followed hers and all thoughts of leaving were
forgotten. As Ryoko talked the screen showed a scene from her eyes, of her light sword killing men, women, and children, all
for Kagato. As she stood over one little girl her voice was heard begging Kagato to stop her. All she got as an answer was to 
watch her arm slice through the girl, and the blood splatter on her face. Ryoko continued her narrative, "That wasn't all he did
to me. He would beat me whenever I showed any independence and asked in a cruel voice 'Why is this happening Ryoko?' 
and beat me until I gave the answer he wanted. Then he would laugh and taunt me whenever I felt anything.
saying my emotions were weak and made me weak aswell. Anything I loved and cared for he destroyed or made me do it." 
She began crying and Washu patted her back and told her it was alright. Ayeaka and they rest of the girls sniffled slightly, but
for fear of being heard they kept silent. Tenchi himself just sat and listened. Finally Ryoko could talk again and continued.
" When Yosho chased me of Jurai I was sure that he'd beat me as Kagato had, having never known any better. But he didn't.
He cut off the gems and my connection to Kagato. Then locked me inside the cave. I was so happy at first. Free to relax and 
think for myself for the first time ever. But after a while I got so lonely. I wished that Kagato would find me, just so I wouldn't 
be alone. The beatings had been terrible, but they were... constant. They gave me something to latch onto. Inside the cave, I 
couldn't even contact Ryo-oki." The screen showed darkness and nothing else.
  "Finaly I found I could astral project myself outside the cave. I never went back in again. I saw people outside. Nobiyuki and
Achika often came to the cave to make out and talk. It was the first time I'm seen something other than cruelty and fear in a 
person's eyes. He didn't beat her, or degrade her feelings. It felt so right watchign them." Images of a younge boy much like 
Tenchi and another girl having sex on a blanket. Ayeaka covered Sasami's eyes and stared raptly. Yosho smacked Nobiyuki
on his head, but he managed not to cry out. "Finaly Achika and Nobiyuki married, right outside the shrine. An old man I never
saw before read to them and they exchanged rings. The entire group cheered and were so happy." Yosho and Nobiyuki and 
Tenchi hugged and watched the images of the wedding on the screen. Ayeaka and the others smiled aswell. There was even a 
tear in Washu's eye. "They never came to the shrine that much after that. Even the old man just came by to dust the rocks. I
was lonely again, and so afraid. Finaly after a year Achika came by with a little baby on her back. I was so suprised when he 
actually saw me. I just looked at him for a minute. Since I wasn't moving he became disinterested and went to sleep. Achika 
looked at me, but obviously didn't see me, just looking for what her son had seen. After that day Achika always took her son 
to play out by the shrine. I would watch and wish I could play with him. After a while he seemed to not see me anymore. Then 
one day Tenchi came alone and was crying. He wepts as I'd seen so many people cry as I killed their loved ones. I had hoped
that after I was free of Kagato I would never see that look again. I tried reasuring and carressing him as I'd seen Achika doing
when he had skraped his knee."
  Tenchi and Naboyuki began to sniff and tears welled into his eyes. "I had know idea what was wrong. He couldn't see me so 
I couldn't help him. I looked around for Achika, figuring she would help... but then it dawned on me why he was crying. And I
could do nothing!" Ryoko cried and moaned in the chair and Washu held her until she could continue. Tenchi almost ran out to 
her himself, but knew that wouldn't help matters. Finally she continued, "After a while it was the old man who I soon recognized
as Yosho, who accompanied him to the shrine and forest. Tenchi had lost interest in playing so Yosho taught him how to fight, 
do the prayers, and care for the shrine. Yosho could see me so I smiled at him and got a smile and nod in return. I thought that 
maybe he had decided to free me, but knew better when he refused to allow Tenchi into the shrine." Ryoko smirked and looked 
at Washu. " You should have seen it. He would taunt and tease Tenchi with stories and ominouse warnings about the cave. I 
knew Yosho had designated his grandson to save me. I had so many plans of what would happen the day he did. I fell in love on 
the spot. He grew up so handsome and kind. Then one day I saw him come with the key he'd finaly managed to get from the old
man. I was so happy. I followed him into the cave and when he found me and turned off Yosho's prison, I entered my body for 
the first time in a hundred years. When Tenchi stood over me I reached for him and tried to kiss him. But thats when it all started 
to go wrong. He looked at me with fear... and took off running. It hurt so much seeing him that way. Then in a flash of light from the sword he was gone.
 I looked down and saw that my body had decayed in my absence. I began the healing process and thought about how I could 
change his outlook on me. 
  "The entire process took the restof his vacation. By then I'd had a plan that was sure to work. I left the cave and spent the entire 
day invisible and following him around. I enjoyed the sun and the life. So many people in the world. Finaly Tenchi went out for 
recess and fell asleep. I watchedand made sure nobody woke him up. Finally at the end of the day, everyone was gone and I 
started my plan."
  The images on the screen showed Ryoko teasing and attacking Tenchi all over school. "He was scared again, but not like
before.When I had finaly cornered him I was about to drop my energy sword and kiss him, when he tricked me." The Tenchi
on the screen pointed behind her and wih a trusting and happy look she looked to see what it was. "I was so mad, but I'd seen
him play like that with his mother as a kid and was kinda happy to. We were playing. Next I found him in another room. He
said something about gas. I asked what he meant and he ran. I help ut my sword again and..." The screen showed the explosion.
"I wasn't hurt, but he thought I was. I saw him through the fire. He prayed for me and said he thought I was cute. I was so 
happy. I started walking towards him and he took off again. I lost him in the hall and stopped to fix up after the fire. Finally I 
went outside to wait to finish the game. He came out and got the sword. We fought and he cut off the gem. Even appologized 
about hurting my hand. I left and he went home. I thought I'd suprise him when he got home and did. We talked for a while 
and he finaly said I could stay. I was going to mellow out after that and work on him. But then Ayeaka came by and spoiled
everything." 
  Ayeaka smiled as she heard this and Sasami elbowed her ribs. "She had come looking for Yosho so she could marry him, but
she locked on me instead. Later Kamadaki said that they had asked her not to attack, because I was no longer considered a 
criminal because I'd been gone seven hundred years. She didn't listen and began firing on me and Tenchi. I convinced him to 
give me back one of my gems so I could summon Ryo-oki again. But it was useless. Ayeaka captured us and took Tenchi's 
sword. She hurt me a bit, but after Kagato, it was nothing. Finaly she locked me up. After a while Tenchi came and got me 
out with Sasami. After a small escape attempt, we finally convinced Ayeaka to listen to us. Tenchi told her Yosho was dead, 
and I didn't argue with him." Ayeaka began to get mad, but Sasami held her hand and she remained quiet. "Anyway Tenchi 
said she could stay at his house for aslong as she wanted and we all went back. Unfortunately she took him up on the offer. She
had also found out he was Yosho's grandson and decided to make him Yosho's replacement. I coulnd't stand it. I was finally
able to talk to Tenchi and touch him, but every time I did Ayeaka would insult me and make me feel bad, just like Kagato did."
  Ayeaka covered her mouth in horror as everyone, including Tenchi glanced at her. "But it was ok. It gave me something to hold
onto when I was lonely. Plus unlike Kagato, I could fight back! it was so much fun. Then Mihoshi showed up and developed a 
crush on Tenchi. I couldn't believe it, more competition. But since she was a ditz and gone into space so much, it wasn't a big
deal." Tenchi blushed and glanced at Mihoshi who still watched the screen."So that was how it went for a long time. Then 
Kagato arrived..." She shuddered and her eyes kinda glazed over. " He attacked my new family and made me go after Tenchi
just like he always did. Yosho got the gem off and freed me from the mind contro, but Kagato took me away anyway.
Then when he was fought off he took me back and locked me away in that hour glass. I saw Tenchi come after me and I was 
happy for a brief momment. Then Kagato fired upon him. I couldn't protect Tenchi... I couldn't help him. At that moment I broke 
free and went into space after him. I couldn't find anything but that shirt. And realizing that this entire time I was more powerful 
than Kagato was no help either. I could have left him ehind at any moment... So Ayeaka, Mihoshi, and I went after him. We lost
Mihoshi on the way but found Kagato's lair. We fought and he turned me to stone."
  Washu smiled. " Then you fixed me and I went back after him, but couldn't fight well because Ayeaka was there. Then she was 
gone. I was about to kill him for that too... when Tenchi appeared. He came in and saved us all. Not that I couldn't have 
of course. After that you showed up and well, this is where you said to stop. Ever since then I've watched over Tenchi while he 
slept, just so I would be sure the one thing I truely loved was safe..." 
  Washu looked at her and set her pencil down. The computer saved all the data and Ryoko took off the mind reading machine.
"Ryoko, this is the first time you told me all this. I think we're making real..." She stopped as Mihoshi tripped and everyone fell 
into the room. Tenchi looked up at Ryoko appologeticaly. When she saw his face she was at first stunned. He looked at her 
understandingly. Her eyes watered over and she screamed. Se then flew out of the lab and disapeared. Washu began yelling at 
them and teleported the lot of them away into the lake. Then she contacted Ryoko through her mind link. "I knew I shouldn't 
have agreed to this Washu. Now Tenchi knows about my past... he'll either hate what I've done... or pity me. I am not sure 
which is worse." "That's not true Ryoko! He cares for you deeply... even if he can't show it sometimes. He doesn't want to hurt
anyone else and he's still a little afraid of you. Your plan at the school wasn't too bright you know." They both shared a laugh at
it though. "Well ok... I'll come back. But I'm not talking with any of those snoops!"

  Two days later, almost everything was back to normal. After a day of utter silence from Ryoko, Tenchi had woken up to see 
her floating in the air over his bed, sound asleep. Tenchi had smiled and woken her up. She smiled back and everyting got back 
to the way it was. Ayeaka and her fought... Sasami made meals, and Tenchi went to school and trained. After a week of this, 
Ayeaka was begining to notice something strange. Not only was Tenchi not running away from any of them, but he never 
seemed to get his nose bleeds any more. She thought and thought over this for a week, when she wasn't fighting with Ryoko.
She waited in the night and would see Ryoko go to sleep in Tenchi's room. She would watch, as always, to make sure she fell 
asleep without attempting to seduce him. Finaly she noticed Tenchi no longer threw her out of his room in the mornings, but 
instead let her decide when to leave. Ayeaka took this as a sign of pity for Ryoko after what they had seen in the lab. After 
another week of this, Ayeaka also noticed that Tenchi was not realy looking at Ayeaka and Ryoko when they were fighting
and blushign like he always did. He only blushed at her now. And he almost seemed to smile when Ryoko was winning. But of
course that was rediculous... Tenchi loved her, Ayeaka. Not that evil space pirate. She decided to go talk with Sasami. She was
too young to care about Tenchi in that way and would be objective. " Well Ayeaka, I think that ever since he had found out that
we're related to him, he see's us more like sisters. And I suppose since Washu is my sister since I'm Tsunami too." Her eyes 
suddenly lit up, "Hey, that means we have a new sister and that Ryoko is our niece and Tenchi is our nephew. Wow!" After
that Ayeaka had worried. She had forgoten that on Earth they didn't have the technology to erase birth defects, so there was a 
major taboo about close family marrying. On Jurai this was no problem, but this wasn't Jurai. Which meant that Ryoko had an 
edge up on her. 
  Ayeaka worried about it for the next month as Tenchi and Ryoko spent more time talking. She ofcourse would immediately 
break it up, but it seemed like she was having to save Tenchi from Ryoko more and more. And he never even called for help. 
Maybe Washu was helping Ryoko control him som ehow... but  no. That wouldn;t work because of him Jurai power. Suddenly
she also realized afew other things. First that Tenchi could protect himself from Ryoko, and second that Ryoko never was 
actually trying to win their fights. While Ayeaka had been using all her power she had seen how Ryoko had fought Kagato. Their
fights were just Ryoko's way of working out her bad feelings towards Kagato. She'd said as much durring her thereapy session. 
That meant she never saw Ayeaka as a problem. And since Tenchi was the only one with the power to match Ryoko... she 
wasn't helping him at all. She was acting more like an aunt trying to keep him away from one of those 'My mother warned me 
about' girls. Tenchi probably saw her as his aunt or sister and always would... unless she got rid of Ryoko. After that there 
would be no competition. He didn't realy care about  Mihoshi that way, she was too ditsy. Plus in her sleep Mihoshi sometimes
talked about someone named Kyonei and would make kissing sounds and smile. So she probably had a sweetheart somewhere.
Tsunami was Sasami and she was too young and Ryo-oki almost never took on her adult form. And Ternchi never even 
considered the cabbit more than a friend or pet. So Ryoko had to go... some how. Ayeaka sat and thought for some time, then 
it came to her. The grin on her face as she thought about the perfect way to get Ryoko, and that Ryoko had givin it to her.

  Tenchi woke up and smiled. There was Ryoko floating above him as always. " You know, if you don't get some sleep your 
gonna start getting realy crabby." Ryoko laughed and smiled at him, "I get plenty of sleep!"
" Yeah, durring the chores!" Tenchi shot back. They both broke out laughing and Ryoko left so he could get cleaned up for 
breakfast. For a while, Tenchi had been considering how he felt about the girls. Ryoko's own words had made alot of difference
to him. he realy saw Mihoshi as a friend. And Washu and Sasami were phisicaly too young most of the time. While he did find
their older bodies to be very beutiful, the fact that they were goddesses made it seem like they were out of his league. But Ryoko
and Ayeaka... now here was a problem. He knew they both wanted him, and that the one who didn't get him would blow up the
planet. But how much of Ayeaka's love was real... or just there because she hadn't gotten his grandfather. Yosho had 
appologized repeatedly for putting Tenchi in this situation in more ways than one. Thoughts of how Ryoko felt about him came 
into his mind. He realized she had always been there for him and couldn't even think of life without her. Sure he'd been anoid and
frightened when she had first come here, but if what she said about the thing at the school he had come within a hairs breath of 
falling for her already. Her plan had been a good one. He chuckled thinking how he had almost not tried the 'Look over there'
trick, but had cause she was probably around before it had been popular. He had used it again later, but stopped after Mihoshi 
camped out on the law for a week. He thought that yes he could have had Mihoshi in a heart beat, but he realy didn't love her
and she seemed to like this Kyonei person. And then there was his relationship to them as is. Ayeaka was his aunt, no question.
Ryoko was more like his cousin since Tsunami was Sasami and she was his aunt and Washu was her sister. 
  He had asked his father for advice, but after he had said to take them all at once Tenchi had gone to his grandfather for help. 
Yosho had run away from his position on Jurai and left Ayeaka behind in love with him. But now he was too old for her. He
had told Tenchi that he had to search his heart for the one he realy cared about. He had felt very edgy around Ryoko and 
Ayeaka, especially after seeing them in the nude. But if he did choose Ayeaka, not only would it hurt Ryoko, but Ayeaka would
probably ruin his life. She was bossy, stiff, and never seemed to want to have any fun. But if he chose Ryoko now he'd not only
hurt his friend/aunt Ayeaka, but would endanger the entire planet. And then there was what happened with the session he and 
the others had accidentaly walked into. Ryoko had looked so hurt after that and had been on constant awareness for any show 
of effection because she had thought it stemmed from pity at her past and disgust at what she'd done under Kagato. If he chose 
her and ever mentioned it again, even while trying to console her, that would hurt her as bad as choosing Ayeak. He sighed and
went down for breakfast still deep in thought. 

  Sasami had been watching the others durring breakfast. She and Tsunami were worried about their family and Tenchi. She and 
Washu had been talking lately. She didn't want Tenchi to choose either Ryoko or Ayeaka, because that would change things. 
But she also knew Tenchi had to choose, and choose soon. It seemed obvious to everyone except Ayeak, Ryoko, and Tenchi,
that he would pick Ryoko. Ayeaka was her sister though and a part of her wanted her to win. But Ryoko was her neice and a 
part wanted her to win. Suddenly she realized why Tenchi had to choose. If the waiting were making her feel like this, imagine
what it was doing to him. The session they had seen with Ryoko had put a lot into perspective. There were things that even 
Tsunami hadnt know about Ryoko. And then there was the cause of all this: Yosho. While he had been on Earth after his wife 
died, Tsunami had come to see him. She was free at that time because Sasami had been in hyper sleep. Tsunami had fallen in 
love with Yosho and through her, so did Sasami. She knew about the disguise on him, and that he was simply waiting for her to 
grow up. Tsunami had fixed it so that when Tenchi gave Ryoko her gems, he wouldn't age, but that wasn't the real problem.
  It was that Ayeaka had loved Yosho and Tenchi; loosing Tenchi, coupled with Yosho marrying her would hurt her alot.
She knew that her father had gone mad long ago and that only Funaho and Misaki kept him in line. Without them, he would have
had Tenchi killed instantly by someone competent. Not like that pink haired guy. Sasami almost wished he had beaten Tenchi,
that would have atleast given Ayeaka a reason to be upset. Maybe she should talk Yosho into taking Ayeaka as a second wife
like her father had with Funaho. On the other hand her father was mad. She loved the guy, but he had flipped. Oh well, he was
her father and she loved him. And quite frankly after this thing with Ayeaka he'd have some company. 

  Nobiyuki.... well maybe its best I don't write much about his thoughts on the subject. He thought Tenchi should marry all the 
girls. Or atleast give him one. But no, his son had to be selfish and keep them all to himself. Oh well, atleast he could live 
through the boy.

  Yosho was feeling low. He knew he had ruined alot of lives. He had ruined Ryoko's by first locking her in the cave for so long
and then he had trained his grandson to be her prince charming. But then Ayeaka had tracked him down, and he was in love 
with Sasami/Tsunami. So the first thing he thought of was to pass her on to Tenchi and keep his old man disguise. But then he 
found out how much the competition had hurt Ryoko, and that Ayeaka had been focused on him for so many years. She was 
set on marrying him, but that was out now. And when he married Sasami, she would be realy hurt. He had considerd Sasami's 
idea that he marry both of them, but he realy didn't see Ayeaka like that. And his joke that she marry him when she had found
out who he was, that would make her finding out all that harder to take. Then there was what he'd done to Tenchi. His grandson
should have had a great life with Ryoko, especially when he found out that they'd have the same life span. Tsunami had seen to
that. But Yosho's stupid reaction to his sister's reaperance had now hurt the boy more than almost anything else could have. 
Mihoshi had for a second seemed like a good way to get Tenchi out of it, so he had suggested that she go for him too. 
  Fortunatly she was inlove with someone else and forgot about the idea after a week. Since then he had kept out of it, playing
the wise old man who occasionaly made jokes that Sasami would be the perfect choice. But that was all done now. Ever since
that day in Washu's lab, he knew who Tenchi would pic. It just wasn't fair that he had put his grandson in this possition. Maybe 
he should marry Ayeaka... no, that wouldn't work. She would want him to herself, and would never let him marry Sasami. So he
just decided to watch and see how it went. He was sure her Jurai training would let her handle it graciously.

  Mihoshi was sitting on the deck of her spaceship playing with her cube and trying to think straight for a second. She knew the 
others were pretty sure she was a ditz and that was alright. She didn't realy want to be too into their little family. She cared about
Tenchi and Sasami. Even the guys and Washu had their quirks she liked. But Ayeaka and Ryoko were definately on her 'Don't 
talk to' list. Ryoko was a former space pirate and despite her being controled by Kagato and having gotten off for her crimes 
due to the statute of limitations, she still didn't trust her. And Ayeaka... she was just a brat. She ignored the law when she had 
first attacked Ryoko and had done many things since then. Unfortunately since she was crown princess and Tenchi kept 
forgiving her, she was considered pardoned. So when she and Ryoko fought she either pretended to cry or be asleep. 
  She had originaly had a crush on Tenchi and knew she was going to be with him forever. Lately though she had remembered 
Kyonei and knew that she'd be by sooner or later to find her. They had agreed to act like they hated eachother in public, but 
still she missed her. She smiled slightly. If only they knew how smart she realy was. She had graduated at the top of her class, 
had reached new levels on the I.Q. score. And to top it off she seemed to be able to alter reality slightly at will. She attributed it 
to being Washu's great grandaughter. All her ancestors had been in points of great power ever since she had married into the 
family. Unfrtunately her great grandfather had had to leave her to satisfy his family. When she and Washu had first met, she could
barely believe it. After they had escaped from Kagato's ship Washu had at first hated Mihoshi. She just couldn't figure out how 
she kept getting into the lab. Then when she had figured it out they had had a nice reunion. Since then they would sometimes 
have conversations about quantum mechanics, family, and almost anything else. She even helped with the experiments. After
that everything had gone smoothly, until the day she had lead everyone into the lab. She couldn't forgive herself for upsetting the
family like that. Now Tenchi would have to pick one of the girls. Over the weeks since then Ryoko had become the obvious 
choice, but Ayeaka would still present a problem. Mihoshi had already requested special equipment for Yukanojo (her ship) so
if Tenchi picked one, she could restrain the other. But she was so sad that she had been responsible for the choies need. It was
clear that Ryoko deserved Tenchi, but thanks to Mihoshi if Ryoko were chosen she may see it as a pity choice, because of what
Tenchi had seen. 
  Oh well, she didn't realy care either way. She had been appointed by the galaxy police to be Tenchi's secret body guard and 
Kyonei was on her way as back up. She hadn't liked it, had even sent that oh so detailed report just to see if she could get off of
it. She just didn't like having to handle supervillains. First Ryoko and Ryo-oki had shown up, buth they had given up their old 
ways. Then Kagato showed up, followed by Dr.Clay. It was clear that this would not be the end of it, ot with so many high 
profile people living together like this. Atleast Kyonei would be here soon to keep her company. 

  Washu (greatest-and-cutest-genius-scientist-in-the-whole-universe) sat in her lab. She was trying to focus on her work but 
couldn't. She could feel Ryoko's thoughts knawing in her mind like termites. She wanted Tenchi but like everyone else had 
guessed she was thinking whether Tenchi had actually started to love her, or if he felt sorry for her. Washu could barely stand it.
If her daughter had only made her breakthrough before.  Mihoshi had already appologized to her profusely for leading the 
others into the lab at that time. After a month of lab restriction Washu had finaly let her back in... well, given her permission any
way. For some reason nothing she tried could keep Mihoshi out. She actually wondered if maybe Mihoshi had inherited some of
her power that was not put into Ryoko's gems. The girl certainly was the smartest person here. The only one who kept all the
way out of the fight for Tenchi. Washu her self had contemplated marrying Tenchi herself. He was a terrific boy, and the only
thing since her husband that could bring her out of her shell and into her real body. She did like him... but he wasn't the right guy
for her. She was happy that her daughter had found someone she loved so much. Washu would have to make due. She 
considered Nobiyuki, who was kinda cute and had fantasies similar to hers. He was also a fantastic father, despite his normal 
actions. Or maybe she'd just build herself a man. Who know's eh? In the mean time though she was working on fortifying her
lab. While she didn't think Tenchi would choose anyone but Ryoko, it could happen. So now the lab was completely 
inpenetrable... "Hi Washu, what are you doing?" *Washu fainted. When she got back up she yelled, " How did you get in here?"
  
  Ryoko was sitting in her cave thinking. She had been avoiding Tenchi lately, except in the mornings when he woke her up from
sleeping over his bed. The smile on his face instead of the indignation was at first a great feeling, but after a while nagging doubts
began to creep into her mind. Does he love me? Or is he just sorry for me after what he heard me say and think? A part of her 
that Kagato had left behind screamed that no one could love her. She was a monster, good for nothing but death and torture. 
But anothe part of her reminded her that Kagato was dead, and that Tenchi was nothing like him. He had only ever attacked her 
when she attacked him. And that had been a long time ago. Now though, she was being hurt in new ways, by her own mind.
She loved Tenchi so much, but did he love her... or Ayeaka? She was a princess, not a monsterous space pirate. She had the 
thrown of Jurai to offer... even though Tenchi himself was the rightful heir. She smiled and thought what it would be like if he 
married her. She would be the queen of Jurai. "Wouldn't that show Ayeaka?" she laughed. And to make up for her past, she 
wuld give all her treasure and things to the people. The entire bottom of the lake was covered in the gold she'd stollen while she
worked for Kagato.  They'd welcome her with open arms. And if Tenchi did feel bad about her life under Kagato... that was 
just something she could live with. He had felt bad before about what had happened to her and the others in their lives. It had 
never influenced his choice before and she doubted it would this time. 
  When she had seen him in the lab she had been so sad... but maybe it was a good thing. Even if he didn't pick her, she loved 
him enough to let him marry whomever he chose. She would never leave him...

  The next week in the Misaki house was as normal as it could be under the circumstances. Ryoko and Ayeaka were fighing,
Mihoshi and Washu were in her lab, and Sasami was making Lunch while the guys sat around the table and took turns at chess.
Ryoko decided to just let the fight drop and give Tenchi a hug befor she went flying. As she hugged him she felt him hug back, 
but was suddenly pulled off him by Ayeaka. "Don't touch him you monster woman!" Ryoko sighed and shrugged. Then 
teleported herself out to the cave. Tenchi hugged back! She was so happy. She lay down outside and staredat the sky day
dreaming about Tenchi.
 
  Yosho and Nabiyuki smiled knowingly at eachother and glnacing at Tenchi, who simply smiled back like he didn't care. When 
Ayeaka saw this her world seemed to crash around her. She knew that lately the others had been hoping Ryoko and Tenchi
would get together, but she hadn't actually believed he could pick that monster over her. There was only one thing she could do,
get rid of Ryoko. 
  Late that night, when everyone was in bed but before Ryoko could go into Tenchi's room, Ayeaka ordered Kamidaky and 
Azaka (thats the other one's name right?) to place Ryoko in the magical forse field and make sure they blocked off all sound. 
Normaly when she did this she wanted to hear Ryoko's screams, but this time she didn't want to wake anyone. She knew they 
would disaprove of this at first, but since Tenchi realy loved her, he'd understand. With the forse feild barely keeping Ryoko in 
check, Ayeaka lead them out to the lake. Ryoko herself thought this was just like the other times, or else she would have broken 
out. But when they were a mile from the house Ayeaka turned to her... and changed into Kagato. They guardians were against
this plan, but had to obey Ayeaka. The minute Ryoko saw this she was about to break free, when they sent a jolt of pain through
her body. Ayeaka's voice changed through the power of Jurai, and said to Ryoko, "Why is this happening, Ryoko?" Suddenly
a calm came over Ryoko's face. She didn't struggle, or even twitch as the pain bolts shot through her. She just stared blankly 
ahead at Ayeaka. Suddenly a scream errupted from the house as  the mind link between Ryo-oki, Washu and Ryoko sent the
images to them. Ayeaka dropped her disguise just as everyone from the house appeared next to them. Azaka and Kamidaki
dropped Ryoko and floated back. Tenchi looked around confused, "What happened Washu?" Then he saw Ryoko and bent 
down to pick her up. Washu turned towards Ayeaka who was trying to shake Ryo-oki off her leg. "How could you do that to
her Ayeaka? How?" Washu turned to Tenchi, "Ayeaka took on the guise of Kagato and hurt her. Her mind couldn't take it any
more, especialy from someone she considered a friend... who she never thought would do it. She just... shut down." Tenchi and 
the others looked at Ryoko and then at Ayeaka, who kicked the cabbit to the ground. When she say their looks of horror and
disgust... she stiffened up. "It had to be done Tenchi. Don't you see? She was going to far with you, tricking you into liking her."
Nobody said anything for a long time. Then as one everyone else turned their backs on Ayeaka and walked away. Tenchi 
looked at Washu, "Can you help her?" Washu nodded. "Yes, but I'll need your help. I will make this memory seem distant in her
mind, but I can't erase it. You will have to work with her Tenchi." Tenchi looked at Ryoko in his arms, tears brimming at his 
eyes. "Anything Washu. Oh Ryoko... why didn't I tell you how I felt before this. I love you Ryoko, I can't loose you now!" 
  After hearing this Ayeaka's eyes looked wide in horror, "You... you can't love her. Your heart is MINE! You belong to me, not
to that... that monster!" Tenchi looked at her, "Ayeaka, you are no longer welcome here. Sasami may stay, but I want you 
gone." Ayeaka summoned up the full power under her control and aimed it at all of them. But she wasn't fast
enough. Washu hit a button on her computer and Ayeaka was frozen in place. Washu looked at Sasami. "I think you need to 
handle this alone." Witht that everyone else walked into the house and into Washu's lab, with Mihoshi leading the way. One 
bonus is that Washu finaly saw how Mihoshi did it.

  Sasami and Tsumani sat looking at Ayeaka for several minutes before they said anything. "Ayeaka, you are my sister, and I 
still care about you. But what you did tonight was wrong." Sasami's eyes showed sadness. Tsunami's were filled with the same
disgust as the others."Sasami, you have to help me! Help me save Tenchi from that monster so we can be married."
  It was at that moment that the last bit of actual love for her sister left Sasami. She still felt loyalty... respect... but no love. She 
also saw no love in Ayeaka's eyes. Just a desperate need to posses Tenchi and destroy Ryoko. She saw Sasami and Tsunami
as a way to accomplish that. Nothing more. Suddenly Tsunami stepped forward and touched Ayeaka's head. "What... what 
have you done to me!" Ayeaka screamed in growign horror. Tsunami sighed. "I have removed your ability to summon the
power of Jurai. You will now age, grow, and live as a human." Ayeaka suddenly found she could move and immediately ran at
Tsunami, attempting to rip her appart, but her hands passed right through her. Suddenly she looked at Sasami and attacked her.
Tsunami saw what was happening and acted. She hadn't wanted to do this for some time, but had to now. Tsunami disapeared 
as Ayeaka tried to claw her little sister's eyes out. Suddenly the small body under Ayeaka changed. It grew bigger and began
to glow with a blue light. Ayeaka was frozen again as Sasami and the goddess Tsunami finaly merged forever into one being. 
  Ayeaka was locked into a ball of energy and could do nothing. Tsunami had regained her full power upon merging. They 
suddenly appeared in Washu's lab. Everyone stared in awe seeing the new Sasami. "Mihoshi, please call the Galaxy Police. 
Ayeaka needs to go away for a while."

  Two days later the galaxy police had sent a special ship to take Ayeaka off to some much needed psychiatric help. They 
assured the family that there was every chance she'd recover. Tsunami.Sasami had tears in her eyes. Tenchi had not come
out to say goodbye to Ayeaka. He had spent the entire time with Ryoko in the lab. She had woken up the next day, but had
refused to talk. He held her hand and rubbed her face, a look of consern on his face. Finally as they heard the ship carrying 
Ayeaka leave, Ryoko turned to Tenchi. "Did you realy mean it when you said you loved me? Or did you say it out of pity?"
Tenchi smiled at her, "I meant every word of it." He leaned down and gently kissed Ryoko on the lips. Ryoko smiled evily and 
pulled him in closer and kissed back hard, suprising him. He smiled and picked her up, "Care to join me in my-" He blinked as
Ryoko teleported them into his room, sans clothes. For once Tenchi didn't have a nose bleed.

  The next morning was a day of announcements. While everyone was sad about Ayeaka, Ryoko's recovery took precident. 
Tenchi and Ryoko announced their engagement, to the cheers of all. Then Yosho disguarded his disguise and he and Tsunami 
told everone about their engagement. Everyone stared shocked, but then cheered them too. Tsunami also put to rest their fear 
that since she had merged with Sasami there would be no more good cooking. She promised that she would still cook, because
she always did enjoy it. Washu started up bachelor parties for the men and women. She popped out of a cake in her adult form 
for the guys and then left, pulling Nobiyuki after her. The girl's party had Mihoshi and everyone taking turns on the kerioki 
machine. Even Ryo-oki took a turn. Mihoshi had even talked Washu into getting Kyonei to materialize, so Mihoshi propsed to
her and she accepted... after she got an explanation ofcourse. 

  A month later there was a triple wedding. Everyone was invited from Jurai. Asuza king of Jurai and his wives Misaki and 
Funaho came. Even Ayeaka was there, her therapist thought closure would be good for her. Fortunately they also decided
that a gag on the mouth would be good for the wedding. Asiza offered to step down and let Tenchi take over the thrown of 
Jurai, but he said no. "I belong on Earth. And you will probably be king a while longer..." At the twitch in the king's eyes he 
decided to ammend that, "Unless you can convince Yosho to take over..." *Asuza grinned and he worked his way over to 
his son. Misaki gave everyone a hug. She was a little weary of her new and improved daughter, but loved her just the same.
Funaho gave her son and Tenchi a hug each and smiled at them approvingly. Washu and Ryo-oki congradulated Ryoko.
Nobiyuki was crying happinly and talking to his dead wife Achika. Washu went over and comforted him too. Azusa looked 
down because Yosho too had refused the thrown. His wives came to him and wispered ideas of making a third heir. He smiled 
and hugged them both. They also went over to talk to Ayeaka who seemed to have slipped into a coma at the words 'I do'.
Kyonei and Mihoshi met with their friends. Kyonei had to have a while to get used to her and Mihosi's relationship being public
knowledge. Washu and Nabiyuki decided to get married then and there, just cause every body else did. And every body lived
happily... until the next monster attack. 

--------The end.


Author's note

  I know this story kinda messes up the parts after Dr.Clay, but still it is a good story and makes sence. I hope you liked my
story. If not well then why did you read it? Any comments can be sent to clayton_n@hotmail.com


  