First of all, I don't own Tenchi Muyo or anything else in this fic, Thank You.

AYEKA'S BIG DATE          by Tenko_Masaki     proofreader: Yukio 

   *How can I get him to notice me?* Ayeka thought in silence as she watched the TV.
*I've tried everything! Including innocent seduction. What have I not tried?* The TV
flickered as the channel was changed.

   "And now, we continue with our feature presentation, Jealousy Games." The TV
announced as the scene changed to that of a man spying on a couple in a resturant.

   "That's it! By the trees, it may actually work!" Her mind ran over images of Tenchi
spying on her and demanding that she return with him. While she thought about
this, she didn't notice the pint size scientist walk over behind her.

   "What is?" She was asked from behind. The question jolted her out of her
dream world and made her jump up in surprise.

   "Miss Washu!" She began until a giant statue landed on top of her head.
"I mean, Little Washu. Don't scare me like that!" The statue disappeared
from the princess.

   "Sorry about that." Washu stated with as little sympathy as she could muster.
"So, what is your problem?" She had decided to cut straight to the chase.

   Ayeka straightend up her kimono and hair, in order to appear respectable
after being scared to death. She breathed a sigh of relief as she talked. "Well,
I have figured that if I can't get Lord Tenchi to notice me while i'm acting normally,
that i'll just make him jealous of someone else."

   Washu chuckled silently to herself. This was the perfect opportunity to test
out her newest serveilance equipment and she could have a little fun with
Ayeka at the same time. "Yes..yes, all of this is well and good , but, who on
Earth do you know that would help you with your plan?"

   Ayeka stopped dead in her tracks. Her plan had been going so well. As she
frowned she didn't notice the devious smile slowly cover the scientist's face.
Ayeka was almost ready to cry until someone tapped her on the shoulder. "Don't
worry about that Ayeka, I know the *perfect* guy for the job."  Washu slyly stated
as she began to pace around the room. "Although, if you agree to this you have
to stick through it to the end, just to make it look realistic." The scientist continued
in order to bait Ayeka in further.

   "Very well, I just hope this helps me get Lord Tenchi." Ayeka spoke to herself as she
began to walk towards her room, so that she could get freshened up for her
blind date.

   "Sure it will!" The red haired scientist lied as she began inching her way towards
her lab. True, she knew that this plan was doomed to fail from the very begining.
Afterall, Tenchi just wasn't the jealous type. But, that didn't mean that she couldn't
play along and get a good laugh out of it. *Just wait until you see your date, Ayeka*
Washu chuckled evilly to herself as she entered her lab.

   They didn't notice the cyan haired pirate's head poking out of the wall as they
left. nor the fact that said pirate was just barily holding in her laughter. *If this
is who I think it is, then I have GOT to tag along, just to see her face.* As
she phased into her room, she pulled open a dresser and took out a camera
and began to load it. *This day has SO many possibilities, I can have many uses
for these* She thought idly as she fiddled with the film.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A few hours later.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   As the day set, three people were getting ready for the nights events. Washu
had just finished secretly placing her equipment while Ayeka had just finished
preping up for the big date. Everyone else was downstairs watching TV. As
Ayeka come down the stairs she was greeted by Washu. "Just one other thing."
Washu stated quickly as she rummaged through a bag she had with her. "Act
like you like him, while everyone is watching." Ayeka nodded in agreement
as Washu grabbed a tube of lipstick from the purse. "This is for..added effect."
Washu stated with a smirk as she handed it to her.

   They came down the stairs gracefully and noticed that everyone was watching
some kind of anime. They watched as one of the characters on the show
changed his hair to spiky and yellow. "HAHAH!! I am invincible, you could never
defeat me!" The man uttered in an overly terrible dub voice.

   "Oh yeah! Well watch this! KAMEHAMEHA!" The other man uttered in a worse
dub voice as he shoots a ray which instantly killed the yellow haired man. "Yes,
I have saved the world!"

   "This show is horrible." Tenchi stated in disgust as he shook his head in
annoyance.

   "Yeah." Sasami spoke in perfect agreement. "American dubbing at its worst."
Sasami mumbled out in saddness. "Makes me wonder why Washu installed
these American channels in our TV."

   "Hey guys, wanna see something cool." Ryoko stated as she stood up, after
which she made her hair color yellow and made it stand up on end. "Woohoo,
I'm a super saiyan!" She laughed out as she reverted it back to normal.

   "That was just wrong, Ryoko." Tenchi mumbled out in chokes of laughter
after seeing a blond Ryoko.

   "Oh! Does my little Tenchi-poo like blonds." Ryoko spoke seductivly as she
draped herself around him. "Or I could be a red head, or a brunette, whatever
you like, my Tenchi." She continued as she nuzzled herself on his chest.

   "Ryoko." Tenchi stated in a tone which said get-off-of-me-right-now, to which
Ryoko complied completely, phasing back onto her chair.

   "Poo, your no fun." Ryoko mumbled out in mock sadness.

   "So, does that make me a natural super saiyan." Mihoshi asked in as bubbly
a voice as ever. Everybody in the room facefaulted.

   As Washu and Ayeka began to recover from the horrible anime they had just
witnessed, the doorbell rang. Ayeka quickly applied the lipstick and ran towards
the door with a big smile on her face. She opened the door and the smile quickly
changed to a look of shock and disgust. She had to force herself to bring up
a fake smile. The man at the door looked like he weighed atleast three hundred
pounds. and along with his horrible glasses was the biggest and most disgusting
red nose anybody would ever see. The man brought out some flowers, which
by the way, looked liked they had been plucked straight from the Earth. Ayeka
took the flowers hesitantly and with much disgust. 

   "Hi, I'm Amagaski." He spoke in a nasaly voice after which he snorted loudly.

   "Yes, and I am CROWN princess Ayeka of Jurai." She muttered in an overt
attempt to show him that nothing would or could happen between them. "Well, lets
go." She stated in order to get the experience over with.

   "Have a nice date, Ayeka!" Sasami yelled out at the princess.

   "Have fun, Miss Ayeka." Tenchi spoke toward the lavender haired princess.
Ayeka's shoulders sagged at that comment. Washu had to repress a giggle as she 
left towards her lab, unaware of the cyan haired girl who had just phased outside, 
with a camera hanging from her neck.

   Tenchi and Sasami both turned their attention back to the TV and Sasami
turned the channel to a new one that had just been activated. "I wonder whats
on this one?" She muttered to no one at all.

   "Hehe, tonight were going to dive into some fun!" The silver haired girl on the
show spoke as she began opening a door with a flashing red light above it.

   "Toonami!" They screamed in terror ."Change it." Tenchi and Sasami stated at 
the same time as Sasami  grabbed the remote.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Ayeka and Amagaski walked the path out to the driveway in relative silence.
Ayeka wasn't really in a talking mood after having met Amagaski. She was really
beginning to hate this idea. She hadn't even succeeded in getting Tenchi jealous,
and now she had to go out with this repulsive thing. She was actually begining
to toy with the idea of bringing her guardians along to *subdue* her date.

   The princess froze in terror as they came upon his car. It was a yellow pinto. 
She felt like blasting the horrendous thing to bits, let alone be seen in it! As 
Amagaski jiggled with the keys, Ayeka was locked in a bitter mental battle. 
*I am the Crown Princes of Jurai. Why have I let myself be subjected to this!* 
She couldn't be sure, but she could have sworn she heard a giggle and a snap, 
as if someone had just taken somebody's picture.

   Ryoko hid within the bushes, laughing so hard that tears were streaking down
from her face. *Oh my God! She's getting in...THAT!* She picked up her camera
and took a few pictures. *Lets see her complain about cramped starships after
this!.* She mumbled out in amusement at the princess. "Although, even I wouldn't
be caught dead in that thing." She spoke to herself and then added. "That is, unless
Tenchi was naked inside the thing." She continued with a slight blush on her face.

   Within a dark and mysterious lab, a woman stood typing at her computer. The
woman looked like she had just been laughing out loud because her face was
slightly flushed. Above her, a monitor showed a purple haired girl get into
a yellow beat-up pinto. "Hmm, this is going perfectly according to schedule."
She spoke in amusment at the princesses predicament. "At the very least, after
this experience I bet you'll be a WHOLE lot more hospitable." Washu continued with
a slight smirk on her face. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   

   Ayeka, The First Crown Princess of Jurai, stood waiting in line at the local McDonalds.
Her fat counterpart was currently ordering anything and everything that was on the
menu. Ayeka stood quietly, feeling quite ashamed at being there. And as shameful as
it was in a place like this, she had to admit, she was kind of hungry.

   "...and to top it all off, I would like two large chocolate milk shakes." Amagaski ordered,
completely oblivious to the princess waiting behind him.

   *Of course..we wouldn't want to forget the milk shakes.* She thought bitterly, sarcasm
dripping from the statement like honey. Her eye was twiching and her hands were
clenched together because of the long wait and horrible food. She was definately not
happy.

   "That all comes to four thousand yen." The cashier stated as he
waited for payment for the meal.

   "As the ogre payed the cashier, Ayeka stood behind him in obvious disgust at the 
mountain of food that was brought out. Amagaski's mouth watered in anticipation as he
picked up the meal and walked off toward a stall, Ayeka dragged herself behind him
with a nauseous look upon her face.

   Ayeka looked at the food and was hesitant to begin. With delicate and soft motions
she grabbed one of the napkins and placed it in her lap. And then she carefully
picked up a burger and unwrapped it. As she tasted it she noted that it wasn't
all that bad. *Maybe I was wrong about this date.* Ayeka thought hopefully as
she took another bite. Unfortunately, she wasn't wrong. Amagaski reached for a
stray french fry and accidently crushed a packet of ketchup, the ketchup burst from the
packet and shot off straight towards Ayeka. The ketchup splashed all on her face and
she screamed and then grabbed a napkin and wiped her face. As Amagaski sat down
he again accidentaly knocked away one of his drinks which splashed all on the table
and leaked onto Ayeka's kimono. Ayeka was not pleased at all. *Thats IT! As a Crown
Princess there are certain times when you just have to take a stand!* She thought 
angrily as she began to get up. Amagaski ran over and began wiping off her kimono
with some towels. Ayeka's anger dissipated because of this good deed.

   "I'm very sorry about that. I guess I'm just clumsy sometimes." Amagaski appologized
sorrowfully to Ayeka, hopeful that she wouldn't be to angry. "How about a movie, that will
get our minds off lunch." He added in hope of getting on her good side.

   "Fine." She mumbled dejectedly, she would have roasted this little peon for this crap
if she hadn't given Washu her word. *Good thing Azaka and Kamidake are lurking around
if I need them.* She thought with a dark grin on her face.

   As Ayeka and Amagaski sped off toward the theater they didn't notice the space 
pirate hiding in the shadows, laughing her ass off at the princess while she snapped
a few more pictures. "This is a gold mine!" She spoke to herself. "I wonder how much
the Jurain tabloids would want for these." She finished with an amused grin.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   *A movie, nothing can go  wrong here.* Ayeka thought as she sat in a theater seat
next to Amagaski. Suddenly, she noticed something strange about the audience. They
were all kids. *It's probably nothing, really.* She thought hopefully as the lights began
to dim and the screen began to flicker on.

   "GOTTA CATCH'EM ALL!!!!! POKEMON!" The screen blared out as the mindless
children screamed out in approval. Ayeka hung her head and began beating it
repeatedly against the seat infront of her.

   "Tsunami in heaven." Ayeka muttered in prayer. "If you have any heart, please
rescue me from this hell." She finished in hopes of being wisked away back
to her cosy home, a home that was away from the godawful movie that was playing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Two hours later. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   "So what did you think of the movie." Amagaski asked goodnaturedly as he began
to help Ayeka out of her seat.

   "It was spectacular." Ayeka told Amagaski, inorder to shut him up. *more like
craptacular.* Ayeka corrected to herself as she walked out of the theater and
into his car. "I want to go home." Ayeka told Amagaski in a no-nosense kind of
tone. She had had enough, this date was fruitless and horrible.

   "But, we still have alot to do." As soon as he had finished saying this a bunch
of miniature logs began to accumulate around him. "Okay..home it is." Amagaski
stated quickly as he fiddled with the keys. Ayeka let a smile overtake her as she
sat back in anticipation at being home again.

   Around the corner, A cyan haired girl snapped her fingers. "Damn, Well it was
good while it lasted." She muttered as she picked up her camera and teleported
back home. She wanted to be there to *greet* her friend.

   As the beat-up pinto drove up into the masaki's yard. A purple haired girl was
seen darting out of it, not bothering to thank the driver or even ask him to come
in. She had enough of Amagaski for a long time. As Ayeka walked into the
living room she was welcomed by Ryoko and was motioned to sit down.

   "So, did you have fun, princess." Ryoko spoke in a devious voice. Ayeka didn't
know what to think of it. "Anything interesting happen."

   "Nothing really." She stated in a nervous voice. "Just the usual. Most of it
I probably couldn't even remember."

   "No problem." She started, until a really evil looking smirk, flashed across
her face. "I have pictures to remind you, if you need them."

   "WHAT!" Ayeka was furious. Ryoko had been snooping around on her date,
trying to dig up dirt. And she dug up a whole mountain. "I see.. What is it you
want." Ayeka stated in defeat, knowing full well that Ryoko could really screw
up her title with those shots.

   "Just a week alone with Tenchi, thats all I ask." Ryoko spoke toward the princess.
*I didn't mean to have to do this Ayeka, but this is the only way I could accomplish
it.* Ryoko thought with the faintest hint of saddness for her actions. Although
it didn't last long, and the victory was still sweet.

   "Fine, just don't do anything that he won't allow."  Ayeka remarked with a hint
of fatigue in her voice. The day had taken its toll on her.

   "Good." Ryoko stated with happiness in her voice. "I think i'll just hang onto these,
until I get my week." Ryoko continued as she phased away from the livingroom.

   Ayeka slumped in her seat. The day had been the most horrible day of her life.
Nothing went right, nothing. All of her plans had been ruined and now Ryoko was
blackmailing her with pictures of her and Amagaski. As she sat there she didn't
hear Tenchi sit down until he spoke up. 

   "Miss Ayeka." Tenchi spoke in a cheerful voice. "I heard a great movie is supposed
to be playing, wanna watch it with me." Tenchi continued, in hopes of lifting her spirits.
Afterall, she looked pretty down.

   The faintest hint of a smile played upon Ayeka's lips, Tenchi always could brighten
up a day. Even a miserable day like this one. Ayeka nodded her head in agreement
and snuggled up next to Tenchi. Relishing the treatment she was recieving. Maybe this
day wasn't a total loss after all.


Hi, I hope you liked the fic. If you would like to contact me or join in discussions
with me just stop over to the Tenchi BBS on AICANIME.com.

Special thanks to Yukio, who is also from the AIC BBS, for his involvement in
the project.

   

