Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  Enjoy the fic for this one is not like me 
at all.  

Warning:  For those who are expecting to read an action, 
drama, and gothic story, like my previous ones, well this is 
not that one.  This one is designed for just drama and a 
tiny bit of action.  Leading back to the Tenchi and Ayeka 
romance. 

Partial plot:  In this fic, Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Mayuka 
are the main characters.  The story takes place after all 
the mayhem that leads Tenchi and Ayeka toward their 
engagement.  You will read through Ayeka's memories how it 
all came about, but I will probably write an entire new 
section on its basis if there are a lot of questions and 
replies for one.

Tenchi Muyo!
Ayeka's Love, Ryoko's War


	The sun shined brightly in the afternoon sky.  The land 
was freshly, summer green.  

	Ayeka stood in the kitchen with her sister learning how 
to cook.  Ayeka watched with aspiration as her sister taught 
her step by step how to cook furaido-yasai.  She watched as 
Sasami placed the battered vegetables into the fryer.  Ayeka 
looked back outside as a shadow walked toward the house.

	"Tenchi," she exclaimed!  
	
	She took off the yellow apron that was tied around her 
purple blouse, and blue jeans.  Ayeka ran to the door in a 
scurry.  She stopped and opened the door and stood in wait.  

	The man's features highlighted as he stepped from the 
shadows and let the sun shine upon his body.  He was dressed 
in jean shorts, and a sweaty T-shirt.  A hoe rested on his 
shoulder as he wiped the sweat off his tanned forehead with 
his free hand.  A small strand of black hair stood from the 
back of his head, and was held out with a rubber band.  His 
brown eyes were of sparkling in satisfaction.  A smile grew 
on his face with every step toward the woman waiting for him 
at the door.

	"Hello, love," he said with relief.

	"How was your afternoon?"  Ayeka asked soothingly.

	"I am doing..." he stopped and looked a little 
confused.  

	"What's wrong?"  Ayeka asked a little shyly.

	"Did you cut your hair?"  He teased poking his finger 
toward her.  
	Ayeka's hair was different.  She cut off the long side 
bangs and tied it into a ponytail.  She blushed with guilt, 
and shame.

	"You don't like?" she questioned disappointedly.

	"No!  I like it, but I thought you loved your hair 
long," he said pulling her closer to him.  Her body was 
warm at the touch.  He gave her a slight kiss on the 
forehead, and slowly pulled away.

"I did it, since we are remaining here on Earth.  I 
know I look strange with violet hair, but the long bangs 
would make me really stand out," she said and gave a small 
giggle.

Tenchi began to giggle as well.  After a few moments, 
he looked down to the floor in guilt.  The smile faded and 
depression took over.  Ayeka followed his movement.  She 
knew what was troubling him and her too.

"You're worried about Ryoko," she sighed.

	"Yeah," said Tenchi sadly.

	"She has not been the same, since the announcement," 
Ayeka shivered at the thought of Ryoko's pain.

	"She has been through a lot, and our engagement has 
made it worse for her," Tenchi said looking back at his 
soon to be.

	"Washu?" she asked.

	"She left when Ryoko refused to leave her room.  Last, 
I heard she went to some place called the Dharian 
Quadrant," replied Tenchi.

	"So she will be no help," Ayeka cursed.

	"That just leaves us."  Tenchi sighed deeply.

	"Why don't you try again?"  Ayeka encouraged pinching 
his shoulder playfully.

	"I don't know," Tenchi said in doubt.

	"For me," Ayeka pleaded by batting her eyes 
temptingly.

	"Well," Tenchi said rubbing his head nervously.

	"Hmmm," Ayeka cooed seductively.

	"Okay, but she probably will not want to speak with 
me," he said with a smile.
***
	The room was pitch black dark.  Only glimpses of light 
seeped through the cracks in the closed blinds.  The room 
was a mess.  Broken glass of picture frames, sake dishes, 
and other things surrounded the floor.  Books, drawers, and 
clothes were tossed in various spots in the room.  A woman 
stirred in her bed.  She was deathly pale, and her eyes were 
of sorrow and loneliness.  Her cyan hair lay scattered over 
the pillow beneath her head.  Sweat poured from every pore 
in her skin, and she breathed heavily.    Ryoko slowly sat 
up at the sound of a knock on her door.  

	"Ryoko," Tenchi called, "open up!  We need to talk."
	
	Ryoko lay back down.  His voice made her sick.  How 
could he claim to talk to her?  She should have remained 
dead in Tokimi's palace.  

"Ten...chh...iiii...leaaavvve," she muttered, and 
rolled over at the sound of her weak voice.  She closed her 
eyes and let her memories carry her.
***
Ryoko struggled to her feet as she saw Tenchi and Ayeka 
fight Tokimi.  She tried to stand, but fell to her face in 
weakness.  She crawled slowly to the battlefield and prayed 
she was not going to be too late.

"Tenchiiii," she called wearily.

She continued and watched Tenchi fly into a wall with a 
stream of energy in front of him.  Ryoko pulled steadily.  
Her mother told her that Tokimi was for her, no one else.  
She doubted her mother even now for she was too weak to even 
stand.  She saw Tenchi's light hawk sword fade away and him 
fall to the ground.

"NO!!!!!!" screamed Ryoko as she pushed with her last 
bit of strength to fly toward the fallen warrior.

"Now, you die," Tokimi gloated in victory and raised 
her left hand up.  Black energy coursed around her hand and 
grew in intensity.

"TENCHI!!!" cried Ryoko and stood in front of him as 
the energy came flying for them.

"RYOKO!  TENCHI!!!" Ayeka cried running toward the 
blast.  She almost froze in surprise as Ryoko held the 
darkness back, but saw the sadness in her eyes.

"Take him and leave.  I will finish the battle.  After 
all, I got all of you into this due to Washu being my 
mother," Ryoko said weakly.

Ayeka stuttered in worry and fear of losing a friend.  
She almost began to shiver.  She looked back at the 
nightmare from where the energy was surging.
"Go," Ryoko repeated in pain, "I can't hold this 
much longer."

"But you will die, if I do not help you," Ayeka 
fought back.

"Go and protect him.  This is where I end our 
battles," she said with a wry smile and watched as Ayeka 
gathered Tenchi in her arms and ran off into the darkness.

"So it is you and me," Tokimi taunted.

"Yes," replied Ryoko as the darkness split, and the 
only thing Ryoko could remember was Tokimi screaming and 
then lying in her own pool of blood.  She then could only 
remember darkness and then awakening back to life in Washu's 
lab.
***
	Ryoko frowned.  That was the worst day of her life.  
She was in a coma for twelve years, and Tenchi and Ayeka 
were engaged.  She has only been alive for two weeks, but 
Washu should have left her dead.  Ryoko closed her eyes as 
tears of hate and sadness dripped to the pillow.
***
Ayeka sat in the living room, and stood up from the 
couch at the sound of footsteps coming down the staircase.  
Tenchi stood in front of her.  Ayeka looked down in 
understanding.  His depressed face told enough.

"I just don't understand," Tenchi said as anger 
started to replace bitterness.

"Calm down, Tenchi," Ayeka said warmly.  

"How can I?  When will Ryoko not move on with her 
life?  Why can't she understand us?"  He argued the 
questions.

"Because we asked Washu to bring her back," Ayeka 
said gloomily.

Tenchi's anger ceased at the very words and he asked 
slowly, "What?"

"When Ryo-Ohki found Ryoko's corpse, you pleaded for 
Washu to bring her back to life.  Even two weeks ago, Ryoko 
begged you to kill her.  She does not belong in this world 
anymore.  The man she loved is with me and not her.  We 
destroyed her life by bringing her back.  At least when she 
was dead, she would not have to know that the man she loved 
did not return the same type of love," Ayeka explained.

"NO!" he screamed in anger.  "She can live.  I 
wanted to think her for saving us, and let her know how we 
all missed her.  I couldn't live without her," he argued.

"Why?"  Ayeka said digging deeper into his heart.  
She knew he must find out the truth on his own.

"Because I love her," he yelled, and dropped to the 
floor in shock.  "I don't love her the way she wants me 
too, do I?" he said as tears formed pools in his brown 
eyes.

"You do love her, but as family," Ayeka smiled and 
rested his head on her shoulder as his tears soaked her 
blouse.

"Why couldn't I ever make her happy?  That is what I 
always wanted to do.  I felt so sorry, when I found out her 
past.  I almost did fall in love with her, but she stayed to 
fight Tokimi, and then I thought she was dead," Tenchi 
admitted still crying on Ayeka's shoulder.

"She was supposed to die, but we challenged fate to 
bring her back to the living.  Her soul is confused and 
feels useless in a world that has grown without it.  The 
only thing we can do is try to bring her out of this 
depression and make her feel free again,"  Ayeka smiled in 
hope at Tenchi glanced up at her.

"I love you," He said.

"And I you," Ayeka replied as the two kissed.  Ayeka 
felt complete, but she could only imagine how Ryoko felt.  
Her soul was incomplete and unstable.  Ryoko had tried to 
kill herself, but somehow she never tried again when Mayuka 
came into her room.  

"Ryoko has always been fond of Mayuka," Tenchi 
smiled.

"Yes, the last time she saw Mayuka was when she was 
four, and we could not get her to stop crying.  Only Ryoko 
could.  I remember when we gave her a piece of Ryoko's 
clothing to calm her down, since Ryoko was in a coma," 
Ayeka smiled at the child's reactions to Ryoko.

"Yes, the two understand each other, but Mayuka is now 
sixteen and has not said a word about Ryoko since," Tenchi 
said worriedly.

"She agrees with Ryoko.  We should have not brought 
her back," Ayeka said bitterly, "Like you said.  They 
understand each other, even if she is your daughter."

"We better help Sasami with the dinner.  Mayuka will 
be home soon," Tenchi said helping Ayeka to her feet and 
the two walked toward the kitchen with hands held close.
***
That night the dinner was set.  Mayuka sat beside her 
father with Ayeka on the other side.  Mayuka's features 
looked like they did when she first arrived, but she was not 
as happy as usual.  Her features remained masked.  That 
night, they all ate dinner, but two spots were empty.  The 
first one was Washu's and the second one was Ryoko's.  
Ryoko's seat had been empty for the past twelve years.  

The hours went quickly as everyone went straight to 
their rooms.  Tenchi sat on the couch watching the late 
night news.  He turned to see Mayuka watching from behind.

"Mayuka?" he questioned her.  "What's wrong?" he 
asked sincerely.

"Dad, we need to talk, outside," she said seriously.

"Okay," he replied and signaled her to walk to the 
door first.

Mayuka walked toward the door and slid it open.  She 
proceeded outside with her father right behind her.  Both 
remained quiet until she sat down on the porch, and signaled 
him to do the same.  Tenchi sat beside her with his wrists 
resting on his knees.

"Shoot," he said.

"Dad, I have been quiet to long.  What is wrong with 
Ryoko?" the little girl asked.

Tenchi gave a deep sigh and replied, "Ryoko is sick.  
She is..."

"Cut the crap," Mayuka interrupted in fury.  Tenchi 
responded with a lifted eyebrow as a warning.  "She lost 
your love and her world is crushed.  All because you chose 
Ayeka over her, but I do not hate either one of you for 
it."  Mayuka's anger subsided slowly as she continued, "I 
just want Ryoko back to when I knew her.  When she was tough 
and nothing could break her...spirit," Mayuka began to cry 
on her dad's shoulder.

"She did have a strong spirit, didn't she?"  Tenchi 
smiled lost in his own memories.

"Dad?" Mayuka asked lost and confused.

"Ryoko loved you almost more than I did.  Both of you 
carry partial demon blood through your bodies.  You also 
have her spirit, but yours is gone just like hers.  The only 
way everyone can be happy is if I take her hand in 
marriage," Tenchi sighed again.

"No!  You can try to love her, because your love died 
when she died.  You said that to Ayeka several years ago.  
Besides, I know Ryoko's pain.  You can't restore her heart 
because you stole her spirit by bringing her back," Mayuka 
explained.

"I know you are right, but I still do care for her.  I 
would never hurt her, and if she dies again I would die of 
guilt," Tenchi said stroking Mayuka's hands.

"I just want Ryoko back," Mayuka cried out and 
wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck.

"I do too," he said rubbing her back to calm her 
down.

"You and everyone else," replied a woman.  Her voice 
was weak and dry.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi gasped in remorse.  He turned around 
to see her, but was met with a detestable sight.  Ryoko's 
hair was oily and scattered.  Her golden eyes were weary and 
tired.  Sweat dripped down her forehead and arms.  Her white 
gown was damp and wrinkled from all of the sweat.

"Ryoko!"  Mayuka cheered in joy.

"Hello, Mayuka.  I just had to see how big my girl has 
grown," she said sickly.  Ryoko limped to them, but fell 
down.  Tenchi leaped and caught her in his arms.

"You should rest, eat, and drink.  You have almost 
dried yourself to death," Tenchi said worriedly.

"I am fine," Ryoko snarled back.

"Ryoko, dad is right.  You might not want to live, but 
I do want you to live," Cried Mayuka as the young teen 
rested her forehead against Ryoko's damped one.

"Hey, kid," Ryoko said arrogantly, but still weak, 
"these tears are not for a tough lady.  You need a lot of 
work."

"Oh Ryoko, you are like a mother to me.  I can't bear 
seeing you this way," pleaded the young girl.

Ryoko's golden eyes could only stare back.  Ryoko 
grunted trying to get up, but was too weak.  Two tears fell 
down her cheek.  Ryoko gave a deep breath and released the 
air.

"You...want...me...back,"  Ryoko gave a small smile, 
but it faded quickly.  "I am back in a world that I do not 
belong in."  

"MOTHER!  DON'T LEAVE ME AGAIN!" Mayuka screamed.

Ryoko's eyes shot up in anger and shock.  Tenchi 
watched in worry as the eyes eased down to size.  Ryoko 
began to smile again.

"I have dreamed of you someday calling me mom," Ryoko 
whispered.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi gasped.  "Mayuka, get some water, 
and some leftovers.  I am going to feed her whether she 
wants it or not.  I think we both know what we want, and 
shall not ask ourselves again,"  Tenchi said and looked 
back down at Ryoko.  "I will not let you die this time.  
You will live."

A few minutes passed.  Mayuka leaped out the door and 
ran toward her father and Ryoko.  Ryoko lay in her father's 
lap.  She looked to be a sleep, but wasn't.  She was gasping 
for air, before she spoke.

"Daddy, I have the food," Mayuka said running to his 
side.

"Good job, Mayuka," he congratulated with kiss on the 
cheek.  He slowly fed Ryoko and allowed her a few sips of 
the water.  "Go to bed Mayuka.  This is going to be a 
while.  Ryoko has to get used to eating and drinking again.  
I will take her to Ayeka's room.  Ayeka knows about medical 
situations than anyone in the house, since the battle 
against Tokimi,"  He said with a smile, but Mayuka 
hesitated.  "Go on,"  He said sternly.  Mayuka ran back 
inside.  Tenchi picked the now sleeping Ryoko up and cradled 
her inside.  He tiptoed to Ayeka's room and gave a slight 
knock on the door.

"Who is it?" Ayeka asked from inside.

"It's Tenchi and Ryoko,"  he replied.

The door opened and Ayeka stood in a blue nightgown.  
Her eyes widened at the sight of Ryoko asleep in Tenchi's 
arms.  She looked up at him and smiled.

"Did she eat?"

"Yes, she did."

"How can I help?"

"You no more about healing than I do.  I figured 
since, you have been going to medical school that you would 
know how to feed her and bring her back to health."

"I can and will be happy to help,"  Ayeka smiled and 
took Ryoko out of Tenchi's arms.  "Go get some sleep.  I 
will take care of Ryoko."

"Thanks and good night, love," Tenchi said and gave 
her a kiss before he strolled back to his room.  His day was 
looking better.  Everything would hopefully be better 
tomorrow.
***
	The sun rose over the mountains casting its golden 
light across the land.  Birds chirped their songs of joy, 
and the wind blew its cool morning breeze.  Tenchi watched 
in peace as the sun continued its journey into the sky.  He 
looked back at his door and decided to go out.  Grabbing his 
jeans, Tenchi heaved them onto his body and buttoned.  He 
pulled out a plain black T-shirt and pulled it down over his 
head.  He tied on his white sneakers and left his room in a 
hurry.  Tenchi strolled by Ayeka's room, but heard noises of 
anger, or panic.  He almost got angry thinking that Ryoko 
and Ayeka got into another fight.  He slowly slid the door 
open and prepared for his usual morning lecture.

	"Girls!" he yelled. 

	"Tenchi, thank God," Ayeka said in relief and ran 
into Tenchi's arms.

	Tenchi held her in his arms and looked up to see no 
Ryoko in position to fight.  Instead he looked down, and 
Ryoko was sweating horribly and her skin was paler than 
before.

	"What happened?" he asked in agitation.

	"I don't know.  I waited until Ryoko showed signs of 
improvement and went to sleep.  But when I woke up this 
morning, she was like this."  Ayeka said in concern 
pointing at Ryoko.  She was afraid.  "Tenchi it is like she 
is poisoned."  Ayeka cried on Tenchi's shoulder.

	"Where's Sasami?" Tenchi asked.

	"She is downstairs.  I sent her there and told her not 
to worry, but now it seems like we have no choice but to 
worry."  Ayeka sobbed.

	"Washu's lab is still operational, right?" Tenchi 
asked moving Ayeka back from his grasp ever so carefully.

	"Yes, I do believe it is." Ayeka said regaining her 
composure.

	"Okay, set up the medic bed.  I will carry Ryoko down 
there," Tenchi ordered and watched Ayeka leave.  He walked 
toward Ryoko's side and picked her up.  "Ryoko," he called 
and continued, "Ryoko, can you hear me?"

	"Tenchi," came a deathly ill reply.
	
	"You will be all right.  Washu's lab has to have 
something that can help," he said with a hopeful smile.
***
Tenchi carried Ryoko's limp body down the stairs.  Her 
body was much lighter in weight than usual, which worried 
him even more.  She was also ice piercing cold.  Tenchi held 
her close trying to warm the shivering girl in his arms.

"Morning, Da..." Mayuka greeted, but froze at the 
sight of the woman in his arms.  "Dad, what's wrong?" she 
asked, disturbed by the sight.

"It will be okay.  I am going to take care of 
everything.  Get ready and get to school," he ordered 
harshly.  His fear and worry controlled his mind, and he 
felt guilty.  He stopped and turned back to face her.  
"Don't go to school.  I need to talk to you.  Stay here 
until I get back," he said and gave her a reassuring smile.

"O...k...ay," she sighed watching him burst into the 
lab.
***
	Tenchi ran into the darkness.  He saw a light glowing 
over a flat surface.  He ran to the side of the flat table 
and gently lay Ryoko on to it.  He pulled the sheets and 
blankets that were resting at the foot of the table over her 
shivering body.

	"Ayeka!  Is everything operational?" he hollered into 
the darkness.

	"Everything is functional," came her reply from the 
darkness.

	"Okay, hook up the monitors and whatever else you must 
do so we can get her to relax," he ordered, but this time 
he was calm.  His voice was a little shaky due to his 
worries.

"Go outside.  I found this instructions from Washu on 
how to operate all medical functions in this lab.  I will 
take care of Ryoko.  You will only get in the way here.  
Besides, I am the top in my class.  She will be in good 
hands," Ayeka smiled and stepped out of the darkness.  She 
placed her hand on his shoulder for support.  "Go," she 
whispered.

	"Okay, but I want to know if anything changes, for 
better or worse," he said and turned to leave the lab.

	Ayeka watched him leave and waited until she heard the 
door close before she began.  This was not a time to get 
emotional.  She had to be alert.  Ryoko was ill, but there 
was no sign of disease or poison, or even how Ryoko became 
so ill.  It was like it has been with her since her birth 
and has slowly been eating her away.


	"Hold on Ryoko.  You always said that you were tough.  
Now, I want you to prove it to me," said Ayeka as she began 
hooking all of her equipment to Ryoko.
***
	Tenchi walked into the living room to see Mayuka still 
in her red boxers and tank top.  He sauntered over to the 
couch and sat beside her.  

	Rubbing his hands together he said, "I am sorry about 
earlier, but I was just worried."  He took another deep 
breath and turned his head to look up at her.  "I still 
want you to go to school."

	"WHAT?" Mayuka roared in rage.

	"You must go.  We all can't stay here and worry about 
tomorrow.  We must live our lives to the fullest.  That is 
what Ryoko would want.  Besides, there is little we can do 
anyway." He sighed.

	"Dad, can I please stay home?" she pleaded and began 
to cry as she crawled to his lap.  "I am having trouble 
thinking.  I am so worried and confused.  I can't just lose 
her again," Mayuka cried releasing the waterfalls.

	Tenchi's guilt felt worse, but he understood her pain.  
He patted her head and rubbed down the dark blue hair.  He 
lifted her chin off his lap, so she could look at him.

	"You can stay," he said sadly, but gave a smile.  
"You are exactly like her.  You put yourself to the task at 
hand.  For that, Ryoko must and will live.  I will do 
anything in my power to save her," he promised and gave her 
a hug.  The girl still cried and the tears now fell upon his 
shoulder.  "Everything will be all right.  No matter what 
happens.  I promise."
***
	Ayeka scanned Ryoko's life signs, but they were getting 
weaker.  The pale woman has been in convulsions for a few 
minutes.  Ayeka felt sick.  Her stomach began to tighten.  
She felt like she had to get out of the room.  Ayeka grabbed 
a needle and struck it carefully into Ryoko's arm.  She 
watched as Ryoko's convulsions slowed down and then ceased.

	"Ryoko," she whispered slowly, but no answer came.  
"Ryoko," she called again.

	Ryoko's eyes opened exhaustedly.  She moved her lips, 
but no words came out.  Ayeka leaned her head over Ryoko's 
mouth.  She leaned as far over until her ear almost touched 
Ryoko's lips.

	"Good...byyyeeee," Ryoko said and arched her back in 
the air as one more convulsion happened.  Then fell back 
down on the table leaving the machines' constant sirens of 
death.

	"NO!" Ayeka cried and fell to her knees.  She placed 
her head on Ryoko's abdomen and wailed.  
***
Tenchi and the others were sitting down at lunch, when 
they heard a door open.  Everyone leaped up and ran to where 
Washu's lab awaited them.  Tenchi stopped and found himself 
unable to speak.  His bride to be was sobbing 
uncontrollably.  He walked slowly and pulled her closer to 
him.

"What happened?" he asked, but knew the answer.

"Ry..ok...o...is...deAD!" Ayeka mourned.  She rested 
her head on his shoulder.

"It's all right.  You did what you could," Tenchi 
said trying to comfort her.

"This can't be happening.  I got to get out of here,"  
Mayuka said and ran in panic as tears and a mournful cry 
left her lips.

"Wait," Tenchi hollered, but was replied with the 
opening of the front door.
***
Mayuka ran into the woods.  Tears drooled down her 
face.  She ran letting the branches tear and snag at her 
jeans.  Her red blouse was also torn due to running so fast 
through the branches.  

She didn't care anymore.  Her world was ruined again.  
The woman that was her mother was truly dead.  All the 
memories of Ryoko's smile poured into the scenery around 
her.

"You said that you would never leave me," Mayuka wept 
in her hands.  She slowly pulled them away and looked deep 
into the valley below her.  "YOU HEAR ME, YOU SAID YOU WILL 
NEVER LEAVE!"  She yelled at the top of her lungs.
***
Eleven Years ago...

Ryoko swam out of the lake.  The hot summer sun made 
her orange bathing suit sparkle.  She grabbed a towel and 
began to dry herself.  She looked back at the little girl 
still swimming in the lake.

"Come on, Mayuka.  Time to get out," Ryoko ordered, 
but with a sweet motherly tone.
"Do I have too?" pouted the little girl as she swam 
toward the shore.

"Yes.  Now, come on," Ryoko said and signaled Mayuka 
to come with her arm.

"Okay," Mayuka said in disappointment with her bottom 
lip drooping as she crawled on to the grass.

"That's my girl," Ryoko cheered and helped Mayuka dry 
off.

"You like my new pink swimsuit," Mayuka said trying 
to squiggle out of Ryoko's towel.

"Yes, it is very nice," Ryoko laughed, "but if you 
don't stay still, I can't get you dry.

"Okay," Mayuka giggled.

"We are leaving for Jurai tomorrow.  Are you ready?" 
Ryoko asked with excitement, but in reality she did not want 
to go.  Ryoko leaned her left arm on to her knee whiled she 
sat on the other knee. 

"Yeah!" cheered the little girl.

"I want you to remember something," Ryoko said 
seriously.  "I will always be with you.  You do know that?  
Right, kitten?" Ryoko smiled and tickled Mayuka's tummy.

"YES!" squealed the little girl.  "Stop tickling me.  
I said yes." Mayuka laughed uncontrollably while trying to 
escape Ryoko's clutches.
***
	One year later...

	Mayuka watched Ryoko block the massive dark energy that 
forced its way upon her and Tenchi.  Mayuka wanted to scream 
but couldn't.  She was too afraid.  Just clung to the wall 
in terror.  She watched as the dark energy dissipated 
revealing Ryoko still standing.  Ryoko's head turned toward 
her and Ayeka, for Ayeka was running toward Ryoko and 
Tenchi.  Her eyes were sad.

	"Take him and leave.  I will finish the battle.  After 
all, I got all of you into this due to Washu being my 
mother," Ryoko whispered in pain.  "Go!"

Mayuka then saw Ayeka carrying Tenchi over to where she 
stood.  

"Come on Mayuka." Tenchi said weakly and picked her 
up into his arms.  

Mayuka watched Ryoko starred at their retreat.  Then, 
she saw Ryoko's lips move and could picture hearing the very 
words, "I will always love and be with you."

"MOMMY!" Mayuka cried trying to struggle to get back 
to her mother.  "NO! MOMMY!"
***
 	"You never did come back," Mayuka wailed ramming her 
fists into the dirt below her.

	"That is because you did not understand my message."  
Came Ryoko's voice.

	"Mom!" Mayuka gasped in surprise.

	"Hello, Mayuka." Ryoko said, but Mayuka can see right 
though her.

	"What is this?  Are you a ghost?"  She asked starring 
curiously at the transparent woman in front of her.

	"Nope, this is a message Ryoko left for you thirteen 
years ago.  The day we left for Jurai," Said a woman's 
voice.

	"Washu!" she yelled.  "Where are you?  This is not 
funny."  Mayuka almost screamed in anger.

	"I never said I was joking.  I am telling the truth.  
Now, watch what she has to say." Came the order.

	Mayuka turned to hologram.  The picture began to move 
again.

	"Mayuka, if you are watching this, then I am dead.  I 
am sorry that we will never get to go to America for 
vacation, but I told your father to take you there when this 
was over," said the teary-eyed hologram.  "I just want you 
to know that I did not lie to you.  I will always be with 
you here," Ryoko said placing her hand over her heart.  
"All I ask is that you never forget what I taught you, and 
to respect your father's wishes as well as Ayeka's.  For if 
I die, you will need to live on.  I know that my last 
thoughts will be of you.  Goodbye, but not forever," she 
said and forced a smile on her face.

	"NO!  Don't leave," Mayuka cried.

	"I was supposed to give that to you when she died.  I 
just didn't because I thought I could bring her back, but I 
found that Tokimi has casted a death spell on Ryoko, so when 
her body does revive, it will die," Washu explained 
gloomily as she stepped out of the shrubs she was hiding in.  
She still wore her science academy uniform and has not aged 
a bit.

	"Why did you leave?" Mayuka asked not looking up.  
"WHY?" she yelled raising her eyes toward the scientist.

	"I left because I could not bear to see another one of 
my children die or leave me," Washu said wiping a tear off 
of her face.

	"You could have saved her," Mayuka said sadly.

	"Yes, I could have and tried.  That is why I truly 
left.  I had to go to that quadrant for it held the cure to 
destroy the spell, but I came back to late," Washu said and 
sat next to Mayuka.

	"I miss her," Mayuka cried on to Washu's shoulder.

	"I know.  I miss her too," Washu sniffed. 

	"No more swimming in the lake with her.  No more 
flights through the clouds.  It is all gone.  Oh, Washu, I 
feel so alone," Mayuka wept again.

	"I might can still bring her back," Washu sighed.

	"WHAT?" Mayuka almost jumped into the air in 
excitement.

	"I said I can bring her back," Washu said with a 
clever grin on her face.

	"How?"

	"I just have to use this flower before the two days 
after death pass."

	"Will she be back to normal?"

	"That is all up to her, Mayuka."

	"What do you mean?"

	"Ryoko has to want to live for it to work, and we both 
know that she believes that she does not belong in this 
world, but that is the chance we take.  Do you still want to 
try?"

	"Yes," Mayuka replied as a sparkle of determination 
seeped her eyes.

	"Very well.  Let us leave back to the house.  I have a 
lot of work to do," smiled Washu.
***
	Tenchi waited by the door.  He was worried for the sun 
was going down and there has been no sign of Mayuka.

	"Maybe she will be back in another hour," Ayeka said 
trying to give him hope.  She knew that he felt the world 
was against him.  With Ryoko dead, his and her universe is 
collapsing.

	"I hope so," he replied back.  He looked back down at 
his feet and out of a gleam of his eye he saw Mayuka 
approaching the house.  He then realized someone else was 
with her.  The other person had scattered hair like Ryoko's.

	"Ryoko!  Mayuka!" he cheered and ran out the door.  
Ayeka leaped to her feet and ran behind him.

	 Tenchi ran to the two figures.  One looked more and 
more like Mayuka as he ran closer.  The other's appearances 
changed a little.  The other person was shorter and her hair 
was red.

	"Washu?" Tenchi asked.

	"Yes, and we are here to bring Ryoko back," 
celebrated the cheerful scientist.

	"Excuse me?" Tenchi said is shock.

	"Never mind about it.  We will talk in the lab," she 
walked passed them not even glancing back.  "Is the body 
still in my lab?" she asked strolling toward the house.

	"Yes!" Ayeka said a little confused herself.

	"Good!  See you two lovebirds there," She said as she 
waved back at them.
***
	Washu's lab lit up in a blast of lights as she hooked 
her gadgets to the body.  She then watched as her computer 
read `Ready.'  She slowly placed the beautiful golden orchid 
into a flask and moved the flask into a black box.  She 
closed the box and typed the word `Activate' into the 
machine.  The black box lit up in a bright light, and then 
returned into a black box.  She then opened and lifted the 
flask out.  She carefully opened plastic bag and poured the 
contents into the bag.  Washu sealed it and set it resting 
on a hanging rack next to Ryoko's bed.  She the inserted a 
shot into Ryoko's right hand, and connected a hose to the 
needle and then to the sack.  She turned a knob on the clear 
hose and watched the golden liquid flow down to Ryoko's 
hand.

	"What now?" Tenchi asked with the others behind him.

	"Now we wait to see if Ryoko is going to accept 
returning to the living or not," Washu said and returned 
her attention back to the monitor before her.
***
	Ryoko walked into the void.  Darkness was everywhere.  
A single light lit in front of her.  The light was pure 
white, and had a warm, comforting feeling.  Ryoko didn't 
even think of why she was walking to the light.  She just 
kept her pace.  She couldn't even see her body, but it did 
not seem to matter.  She was doing what seemed to be her 
only course.  

	Then, as Ryoko was about to touch the light the void 
went out of control.  Ryoko felt like she was spinning.  She 
couldn't see the light it was gone.  She just kept spinning 
as if she was going down a drain.  Ryoko felt like she was 
suffocating.  She felt like the darkness was tightening 
around her.  She tried to scream, but nothing happened.  
Where was her body?  Where was she?  She couldn't stop 
thinking as the darkness swallowed her in and, then she went 
unconscious in fear.
***
	Ryoko slowly opened her eyes to see green flames 
surrounding her.  She looked down at her hands that were not 
there during the darkness.  Her memory came to her and she 
felt like she has been through that void before.  

	"Where am I?" she asked aloud.

	"You are here in the world in between the dead and the 
living.  This is the X-Zone," a woman's voice echoed.

	Ryoko frowned.  That voice sounded so familiar, but she 
couldn't picture a face.  She slowly crawled to her feet and 
looked around at her surroundings.  Her feet stood on a 
bunch of red rocks compacted together.  She turned around to 
see a cliff, but there was only darkness below that.  She 
looked back and saw more darkness.  It was as if she was on 
a red platform in the middle of darkness.  Only green flames 
surrounded the platform, and were the only source of light.

	"Who are you?" Ryoko asked spinning around looking 
for the person to appear.

	"You don't remember.  Then, look up, and you shall 
see," The voice giggled.

	Ryoko looked up, but almost jumped back in fright.  A 
woman with reddish-orange hair floated to the ground.  Her 
angelic green robes covered her completely.  Her eyes of 
violet and blue shined brightly in the darkness.  Her feet 
landed softly on the ground.

	"Tokimi," Ryoko snarled.

	"I missed you, too," she smiled tauntingly.

	"What are you doing here?  I killed you," Ryoko said 
in fear.

	"How can I put this to you?  Oh, I know.  You're 
dead," she grinned malevolently.

	"What?" Ryoko gasped.
	
	"Your friends were able to give you the cure, but for 
that to succeed you must pass me," She said and stood ready 
to fight.  Tokimi raised her hands signaling for the fight 
to begin.

	"I don't understand," Ryoko said in confusion.  
"What's going on?"
***
Everyone waited by Ryoko's limp side.    Ayeka strolled 
back and forth.  This was taking to long.  She had to know 
what was happening.  Ayeka rubbed the sleeves of her sweater 
aggressively.  She was feeling cold for some reason.  She 
looked over at Tenchi as he was doing the same.

"I can't take it anymore.  We have been waiting for 
over an hour.  There must be something we can do," Ayeka 
complained.

"There is nothing we can do," Washu said negligently.  
"Only one of us can do something," she sighed.

"Good, I will do it," Ayeka jumped in anxiety.  

"No, I will," Tenchi shouted.

"I will," Mayuka said with determination.

The family began to argue of who will go.  Standing in 
a circle around Washu, they continued their bickering.  
Washu cupped her ears with her hands and hoped that would 
stop the fighting.  The noise of the yelling only 
intensified.  It grew to where Washu almost felt smothered.  

"SHUTUP!" she screamed.  The mob stopped and gave 
Washu startled looks of surprise.  "Neither of you can 
go," she said sadly.

"But, you just said..." Ayeka claimed.

Washu stood up from her seat and turned to Ayeka.  Her 
eyes filled with anger and bitterness as she said, "I said 
that only one of us can go, but I didn't see whom.  You 
don't even know how or even what it takes to go," Washu 
barked pointing her accusing finger at everyone.

"What will it take?  I will do it," Tenchi said 
triumphantly.

"You can't," Washu began to cry as she fell down to 
her seat.  She cloaked her eyes with her hands and wept.

"Explain," Mayuka demanded.

"I am the only one who can go.  Is that what you want 
to hear?  Me, I am the only one that can stop this," Washu 
roared in tears.

"So, what's wrong with that?" Ayeka asked innocently.

"I can die," Washu cried out wrapping her arms around 
herself.  Everyone stood in shock and wonder.  "I did this.  
All of this..." she said waving her hands around her, "to 
save my own worthless life.  I created Ryoko to fight Tokimi 
for me, so I would not have to.  I can't die by mortal 
means, but a goddess to a goddess can die by mortal means.  
Tokimi can kill me.  I was frightened, and started creating 
Ryoko.  I believed that Ryoko could fight Tokimi, so I could 
stay with my family.  However, my family was taken away from 
me, and I began to love my creation as my daughter.  I was 
lonely, but I was still willing to sacrifice her life to 
save my own," she wept and gasped for air.  When she could 
breathe calmly again, she continued, "I am the guilty one, 
not Tokimi, not Ryoko, ME!" she shouted accusingly pointing 
at herself.  "I killed my own daughter, but then I got 
lonely and found away to bring her back.  Then, I brought 
her back and notice the spell that was casted on her, and 
left to find the plant to cure her.  The only bad thing is 
that Ryoko is in a world in between life and death fighting 
Tokimi by herself.  I can go to that world because of who I 
am, but then I would have to fight the battle I have been 
running away from.  I could never beat that witch in a duel, 
and I would die as soon as I arrived.  So you see, I 
can't," she moaned and cried into her hands again.

"I had no idea," Ayeka said sincerely.

"I'm sorry Washu.  I would never put you in a 
dangerous situation.  After all, I couldn't lose two people 
I cared about," Tenchi said patting her back.

Washu moved the arm away.  "No, you're wrong.  I must 
go.  I am her only hope, and my own.  I can't runaway 
forever," she said giving a little grin.

"But, Washu?" Mayuka jumped in.

"It will be all right.  I will bring her back and 
maybe myself.  Until then, farewell," she waved and 
vanished in a red light.  The crowd around her looked up and 
around, but could not see her.

"Good luck, Washu," Ayeka prayed.
***
	Washu floated above the darkness.  She continued her 
journey to the platform.  Determination and fear coursed her 
burning eyes.  She has made her choice, and now there is no 
turning back.  She was afraid, but this madness had to stop.  
She remembered the worst day of her life, when she told 
Ryoko her destiny.  Washu's eyes shined their emerald color 
as the memory played over and over in her head.
***
	The lake shimmered in the bright morning sun.  Washu 
took a look at every detail of the scenery in front of her.  
They were about to leave and she had to put her project to 
her mission.  Washu saw Ryoko standing by the lake.  Her 
black and red battle armor gripped tight around her body, 
revealing every feature of Ryoko's body formation.  Washu 
sighed and stopped by Ryoko's side.

	"It is going to be one hell of a battle," she said 
starring at the clouds.

	"I guess," Ryoko replied uncertainly.

	"You and I need to talk," Washu said stumbling all 
over the words.  It was hard to tell Ryoko what she was 
created for.

	"About what?" Ryoko asked curiously.

	"About what your mission is," she answered.

	"My mission?" Ryoko question with an eyebrow raised 
and looked down at the woman beside her.

	"Yes," Washu said.  "You are the only one who can 
beat Tokimi.  I made sure of that..." 

	"Why me?" Ryoko asked nervously.

	"Because you have all of my powers and can fight.  You 
are a better fighter than me," she lied.

	"Okay, but how can I win?"
	
	"Trust me, you will.  It is your destiny," Washu 
smiled giving Ryoko a friendly pat on the back.
***
Washu opened her eyes in a start.  The very words of destiny 
haunted her still.  She looked down as she saw the platform 
below.  She slowly descended to its surface.  She could see 
the combatants fighting and they grew in size as she got 
closer.  This was it.  This was her fate.
***
	Ayeka pulled Tenchi back.  It had been hours since 
Washu left, but nothing has happened.  Ayeka bit her lip in 
thought.  Her job was now to make her husband to be calm and 
happy, but how.  She thought about sex, but that would break 
his and her morals.  They both agreed to wait until after 
the marriage, and until they were ready for a child of their 
own.  There was only one solution left.  She had to get him 
out of this room, and everyone else.
***
Ryoko stood to her feet ready to fight.  Tokimi's 
attacks were relentless.  Each blast aimed to kill Ryoko 
with one blow.  Ryoko was tired, and wanted to give up.  She 
fell to her knees and waited for the final blow.

"GET UP!" screamed a woman.

Ryoko looked up to see a red headed angel crash down 
upon Tokimi as light surrounded them both.   Ryoko shook her 
head violently for answers.  The question still remained a 
question.  The question of to live or to die?  Ryoko felt 
unbearable pain and weight upon her body.  She felt like she 
was locked in the cave.  She was alone, in the dark, and 
suffocating.  Ryoko stopped to breathe, and then as air 
reached her lungs she screamed out the pain.

"I DON"T KNOW!!!!!!!!"

"Which do you choose?" asked Tokimi tossing Washu's 
body to the side like a piece of paper.

"Leave me alone," she snarled not turning around to 
look at Tokimi.

"Join me, Ryoko.  Together we can make the universe 
restored since your death.  Washu has brought it unbalance, 
and we can make it balanced again," Tokimi urged in belief.

Ryoko starred back at the woman.  Her eyes were 
sincere.  She looked like Washu, an angel.  She watched as 
Tokimi stretched her hand out.
"Now, which do you choose, to live or to die?  If 
live, than take my hand," she said with all sincerity.

"I choose to live," she said calmly reaching for 
Tokimi's hand.  Images of Mayuka begging her to stay 
surrounded her every conscience.

"RYOKO, DON'T!" Washu yelled and leaped to the air in 
fury.  She raced to the two beings watching as the 
fingertips drew closer and closer.  Every inch she gained, 
the fingers matched.  She had to try.  Tokimi is doing the 
one thing that Washu did not anticipate.  The idea of using 
Ryoko's body for her own.  She had no time to waste.  She 
concentrated and felt as her spirit left her body and race 
back to the world of the living.
***
	Ayeka picked up Tenchi's arm and led him to his feet.  

	"Come on everyone, we are doing no good worrying.  We 
need to get out of this lab and get some fresh air," she 
advised sincerely.

	"You're right," Tenchi said climbing to his feet, 
"let us get some rest.  Come on, Mayuka," he said 
signaling Mayuka to follow.  Tenchi turned back when Mayuka 
did not respond to see the girl's eyes opened in fright.  
Tenchi followed to where they were looking to see a ghost.  
He jumped back in alert.  Then, he realized it was Washu.

	"Listen, I need your help.  Ryoko's spirit has mixed 
with Tokimi's," she raised her ghostly hands for everyone 
not to ask questions.  "Tokimi is dead physically, but she 
is alive spiritually.  That is all you need to know.  When I 
open the gates to the Zone, run and follow my spirit.  You 
will travel through darkness, so stay close.  When we reach 
the center of the zone, prepare to fight and keep yourselves 
clean from the darkness, for it can change your spirits to 
evil.  Think pure thoughts and stall the creature that has 
not been born, until I can split the two spirits up," she 
turned and instantly a red void opened in front of her.  
"Close your eyes, and I will separate your spirits from 
your bodies," she raised her hands to the air as she felt 
everyone gather around her.  She turned to see the ghostly 
figures of her friends.  "Come,"  she signaled and leaped 
into the void with everyone following behind her.

	Ayeka held tightly to Tenchi's hand as they flew 
through the colorful void.  Her heart beat with every 
breath.  She had a friend in trouble, but how can they 
fight.  Washu's plan did not make sense at all.  Ayeka shook 
her head in disbelief as the party could see a massive land 
mass below them.  Washu started to descend and the others 
followed her every movement.  Ayeka could see no battle 
below them, only one person stood.  She smiled with relief 
when it looked like Ryoko. 

	"Don't be so happy, yet.  That is not Ryoko," Washu 
said not even looking back at her smiling friends.

	"You brought reinforcements, Washu," smiled Ryoko.

	"Sometimes I have to do what I have to do to survive 
and bring my daughter back," Washu challenged starring deep 
into Ryoko's eyes.  "BRING HER BACK TO ME!" she roared and 
an energy disk flew from her fingertips toward Ryoko.  Ryoko 
gave a wry smile and jumped to the side from the disk.

	"You are still too weak, sister," she gloated.  "I 
have been waiting for this grand moment to teach all of you 
a lesson."

	"RYOKO FIGHT HER," Tenchi yelled as he ran toward 
her.

	Ryoko turned and fired two crimson beams of light from 
her eyes toward the charging Tenchi.  Tenchi leaped above 
the beams and rammed his fist into her face, but Ryoko 
caught his fist and twisted his arm around his back.  She 
strangled her other arm across his neck.

	"Now we say goodbye for eternity, Tenchi," she 
whispered in his ear.
	
	"NO!" Ayeka screamed as she released a white light 
that whirled toward Ryoko She jumped back, but threw Tenchi 
into the light.  "TENCHI!" Ayeka screamed  and prayed for 
his safety.

	"Ryoko, why?" Mayuka asked her energy sword glowing 
brightly in the darkness.  "You brought me out of the 
darkness, now it is my turn to return the favor."

	"And who are you?" asked Ryoko.

	"I am the daughter of Tenchi, and you are my mother," 
she said raising her sword up.

	"A duel.  I accept," she smiled as her own sword 
formed in between her hands.

	Mayuka charged swinging her blade to take out Ryoko's 
legs.  Ryoko leaped and slashed her blade down for Mayuka's 
back and connected.  Mayuka staggered back, but did not 
falter to her knees.  She regained her position and blocked 
Ryoko's attack for her head.  The two parried each others 
attack like professionals.  Mayuka matched every single blow 
of Ryoko's attacks with her own.  Mayuka felt weak after 
blocking Ryoko's last attack.  She trembled to her knees.  
Ryoko stood above her and placed her sword under Mayuka's 
chin.  She lifted the girl's chin and smiled.

	"TOKIMI!" Washu screamed and grabbed the woman from 
behind.  She lifted the now screaming with frustration Ryoko 
into the air.  Energy coursed throughout both of the women's 
bodies.  Washu pulled Ryoko back.

	"No," Mayuka mumbled weakly.  She felt warm arms 
surround her.

	"Mayuka, you will be okay," Tenchi said holding his 
daughter in his arms.
	"Daddy," she gulped in pain.

	"Tenchi, look," Ayeka pointed toward Washu and Ryoko.  
Their bodies highlighted the land.  Tenchi and Ayeka watched 
in admiration.  Mayuka pushed through her father's arms and 
ran toward the couple.  She hurt badly, but she knew what 
Washu was about to do.

	"NO!" she yelled and leaped into the air grabbing 
Ryoko's body away from Washu and felt the painful energies 
course her body

	"What are you doing?" hissed Ryoko.

	"I am saving Washu's life and yours, for I made a 
promise," she said sincerely as the light covered their 
bodies and they both vanished.

	"Mayuka," Tenchi cried.
	
	"How?" Ayeka cried on Tenchi's shoulder.

	"I almost had her, but Mayuka saved my life.  Why," 
asked the startled Washu?  "Come we must get back to the 
world of the living," she ordered taking the couple's hands 
and they flew into the darkness of the void.
***
	"Mother, we will always be together," said the little 
Mayuka as she cuddled onto Ryoko's stomach.

	"Always," Ryoko smiled and patted the little girl's 
hair.

	"Daddy told me how you saved my life in the dark 
world, and someday I will do the same for you," Mayuka 
smiled and crawled up to rest her head under Ryoko's chin.

	"Don't get to carried away.  Hopefully it will never 
come to that," Ryoko laughed.  "I love you dearly, my 
little sprite," she said kissing Mayuka on her head.

"And I love you, mommy," she replied hugging Ryoko.
***
	Tenchi and everyone starred at the empty places in the 
lab.  

	"Where are Ryoko and Mayuka's bodies," asked Ayeka 
sadly.

	"Because their spirits died in the void I assume the 
bodies vanished to where ever the spirit went," analyzed 
Washu, who sat in her chair moping in grief.  She looked up 
as she felt a hand rest on her shoulder.

	"It's not your fault.  Mayuka always did what Ryoko 
did.  It was almost in her eyes her destiny," Tenchi smiled 
at the remembrance of the two sleeping under a tree.
	"Well, let's get out of this depressing place for 
awhile," suggested Ayeka as she wiped the tears from her 
cheeks.

	"You're right, Ayeka.  Come on Washu," Tenchi said 
helping the scientist to her feet.  "Let's go have 
dinner," he smiled leading her toward the lab door.  Washu 
took one sad look back at her lab.  She almost turned away 
when a golden light surrounded the center of the lab.

	"Tenchi!" she beckoned and he and Ayeka returned and 
stood behind the scientist in awe.

	Two beings flowed down the light and landed to the 
ground.  The light dimmed away and vanished leaving an 
embracing Ryoko and Mayuka.

	"Mayuka," Tenchi cheered.

	"Ryoko," Washu cheered and they ran toward mother and 
daughter.

	Ryoko and Mayuka opened their eyes and starred at their 
smiling, running family.  The group all embraced each other 
in joy.

"How," Tenchi asked?

	"I don't know," Ryoko replied.

	"I can only remember seeing Ryoko smile after we left 
the void, and  then we saw a memory that is best left a 
memory between us," she smiled glancing back at Ryoko.

	"Agreed," she said hugging Mayuka.
***
	Later that evening...

	"Everything is back to normal," Tenchi smiled in 
relief.

	"Yes," agreed Ayeka as she rolled in their bed to 
look at him.

	"I wonder when Ryoko and Mayuka will come back 
inside," he said placing a kiss on Ayeka's forehead.

	"I don't know, but it will probably be a while.  They 
do have a lot of catching up to do, and so do we," she 
smiled mischievously.

	"Oh, do we," Tenchi smiled receiving a kiss.  "Well, 
let's not ruin the moment," he said returning the kiss as 
he pulled the sheets over them.
***
	Ryoko and Mayuka sat under the same tree they did long 
ago.  Mayuka rested her head on Ryoko's shoulder while Ryoko 
stroked her daughter's hair.

	"It is wonderful being with you again," Ryoko smiled 
down at Mayuka.
	
	Mayuka looked up and smiled, "It is great being with 
you again, mom."  Her smile faded and she looked puzzled as 
she asked, "Are you still upset about Tenchi and Ayeka?"

	Ryoko's face lit up in surprise and she replied, "My 
desire for his love ended when you came into my life.  I had 
new goals and felt that you were my daughter, and nothing 
can take that away," she said hugging Mayuka closer.

	"Then, what was bothering you..." Mayuka stopped as 
Ryoko answered her unfinished question.

	"I was afraid of living in a world without you.  You 
see, when Tenchi and Ayeka marry, you would be there 
daughter not mine," she frowned.

	"But I will always be your daughter, for you and I 
know each other better than anyone else.  We are destined to 
be mother and daughter.  I love you, mom," she cuddled 
closer into Ryoko.

	"Yes, and I love you, my little sprite," she 
whispered and watched a shooting star fly above them.  "You 
are my daughter and I am so proud of you calling me mom," 
she smiled and wrapped her arms over the now sleeping 
Mayuka.


THE END

	That was the end of this fic.  What do you think?  
Please send me comments or questions to washu@saiyan.com.  
Thanks for reading my stories and here's a small preview of 
my big summer stories coming out in a couple of months...


	Be afraid.  Be very afraid.  You thought it was over, 
but now the thriller continues again...

	Ryoko breathed deeply in terror.  This was it her last 
moment.  All that had to be done was done.  She said her 
farewells and now it is she and the killer.  She prayed to 
herself, "God, protect me.  God protect me.  God 
pro...AHHHHH!" 

	The terror continues in 
Hunt on a Full Moon:  The Blooming of Poison Ivy.


	In a world plagued by tyranny, Ryoko returns to lead 
her people to freedom, but at what price... her love for 
Tenchi or her life.  Read the drama as men and women battle 
in a planet where you can not fly or cast energy blasts, and 
where Jurai's power has no effect.  Ryoko must make hasty 
decisions to out smart the king tyrant of the dark Erk 
Empire.  Learn the meanings of friendship, honor, and 
betrayal.  The pieces are set, who will come out on top, 
Ryoko or the Erks.  Read to find out in the action drama:

The Dawn of Freedom

And pretty soon the final chapter in:

Tenchi Muyo! Revelations

Thanks again and stay tuned for my stories.

Kevin "Locknear" Smith




	
