Ayoko Chapter 2: The Merger
By Kevin Sigmund (bshrimp@together.net)

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo, No Need For Tenchi, and everything else Tenchi
related isn't mine and nor do I claim it to be.  This includes characters,
gimmicks, cameos, and the liberal use of wooden salt & pepper shakers as
robotic guardians.  Anyway, Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer
LDC, and I'm pretty sure that the rights for the No Need For Tenchi! manga
belong to Viz Communications, Inc. and the Kadokawa Shoten Publish Company.
 Of course, I'll bet the rights for Tenchi devolve ultimately onto AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  Anyway, this is fiction written purely for amusement, or
written simply because I have no life.  At any rate, as long as nobody goes
and copies me verbatim, then we shouldn't have any problems.  Now, this
being said I think we ought to move on with the story... (So I reused the
same disclaimer, so su.. uh.. Nevermind...)

***********

The scene is Washu's inter-dimensional subspace lab, a place that looks
something like a cross between a idyllic state park and something that
belongs in a corny but big budgeted sci-fi movie.  The lab's owner, a small
girl of approximately 20,000 years of age, but with the appearance of a
14-year old, currently works at a holo-computer as she surveys the limp
form of a man on her examination table.  Also in this lab is a small girl
with blue hair and a woman of yellow hair, who both remain pensive as Washu
goes about her work.  Closely huddled around the examination table is
another pair of women, one with striking hair of Cyan and the other with
hair the color of deep purple, both of whom look on with concern and guilt.
 Then, as if acting on cue, the figure on an examination table begins to
move, and slowly stirs back to life from his temporary induced slumber...

			
"What happened?", asked Tenchi before the memories of the recent events
came rushing back to him.  "Never mind, I remember now...", added Tenchi
before either of the two girls could begin to explain.

"Tenchi!", exclaimed Ryoko as she glomped onto the recently recovered man.

"Miss Ryoko!  Tenchi is in no shape for you to be throwing yourself at him
like that!  And even if he were, he would not like.. like..", but Ayeka
trailed off.  The diary she had recently read had implied that, despite his
mannerisms to the contrary, Tenchi did not wholly dislike Ryoko and was at
least attracted to her.  She took comfort in the fact that the book had
named her as an object of affection as well, but before she had always
thought...  No, pretended.  She had pretended that Ryoko had no chance in
gaining the affections of her beloved Tenchi, but now she knew that Tenchi
wasn't as oblivious to Ryoko's grating charms as she had originally
thought.

"Go on, tell him what he likes Ayeka.", triumphantly said Ryoko with a
sinister grin.

Tenchi, however grimaced at the scene.  This was what he had feared would
happen, and he reflexively shuddered as he began to think about the
implications that the book would lead to.
This bodily language did not pass unnoticed by either of the two girls. 
Both remembering that they had broken Tenchi's trust and privacy, bowed
their heads and looked on him with shame.

Ayeka, was first to speak.  "Lord Tenchi, I am so ashamed...  I...", Akeka
then looked over to Ryoko.  "Had I not gone to the attic, _Ryoko_," spat
the Princess as if the name were acid, "Ryoko, would not have found your
private memoirs, and..."

"HEY!  Don't try and go and pin this one on me!  If I didn't pick up the
book first, I'm sure *YOU* would have.  You've already told me that you
read the old one after all...", said Ryoko in her usually sinister sweet
manner.

"Lies, lies, LIES!  I said no such thing!", gasped Ayeka as she covered her
ears and flushed a deep shade of maroon.

"Uh-huh.  Sure you didn't...", said Ryoko sarcastically, "And I'm sure you
weren't poking through those photo albums without even *THINKING* of
winning Tenchi's favor."  "Face it, you were just as interested in what was
in that book as I was.", added Ryoko with a sly grin.

"How.. HOW *DARE* YOU!!!", fumed Ayeka.  "Lord Tenchi would not even have
gotten hurt if it wasn't for you.  Demon.", added Ayeka with venom.

"DEMON?!?  Why I outta...", but Ryoko quickly recomposed herself.  "Heh.  I
should've expected that from you.  Prim and proper, my ass!"

"WHAT?!?  WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?", asked Ayeka in disbelief.

"Deaf as well, I see.", giggled Ryoko.

Shuddering with rage, Ayeka screamed as she lunged at Ryoko's throat. 
Ryoko, however, was quick to dodge, and both women quickly began to employ
their respective powers to aid them in this indiscriminate battle of pride
and prejudice.

"Popcorn?", said Washu, offering a bowl of the aforementioned foodstuff to
the huddled forms of Tenchi, Sasami, and Mihoshi.

Temporarily forgetting her fear, Mihoshi greedily takes a handful.  "Mmm...
 This is good!", she squeals as she begins to munch.

However, even Washu's smug demeanor begins to fade as the battle
intensifies.  "Hey, now that's enough!  Careful, you might break
something!", shouted Washu just as Ryoko's energy blast takes out what was
her favorite tree. <This is getting out of hand!>, thought Washu.  However,
that thought was to be short lived.  "Hey get away from that, that's my
experimental fusion cannon!", shouted Washu over the thunderclap of
explosions and energy emitted by the bickering duo.

"Wha..?", asked Ryoko.  But it was too late, the damage had been done.  The
fusion cannon, hit by the combined energy of Ryoko and Ayeka began to
spring to life.  A kaleidoscope of energy and power emanated from the
barrel of the large weapon.  Soon a blast of unimaginable energy erupted
between the two combatants.

"Oooh, pretty!", cooed Mihoshi.  But these special effects soon lost their
charm when the beam suddenly split in half, hitting both Ayeka and Ryoko
dead center.

"Ayeka!", Sasami shouted.

"Miss Ryoko!", added Mihoshi.

"No!", exclaimed Tenchi.

"Well, I *DID* warn them.  Well it serves them right.", stated Washu in a
matter of fact manner, just as a huge explosion rocked the lab, spewing for
noxious gasses that hid the energy consumed forms of Ayeka and Ryoko.

"Miss Washu?", asked Tenchi tentatively.

"Just look.", said Washu as she pointed to a shadowy figure amidst the
billowing mist of smoke and energy.

Tenchi looked, and before him stood a beautiful woman.  She had long light
purple hair, which looked both neatly combed and yet totally natural at the
same time.  Her eyes were the color of Ryoko's, but were the softer more
demeanor shape that Ayeka's eyes took.  When Tenchi's eyes began to wander
down to appraise her other features, he noticed that the woman was
completely nude.  Upon noticing this fact, Tenchi's eyes immediately began
to bulge as he desperately tried to find something interesting in the
backside of his head.  His knees began to get weak, and he soon collapsed,
nose streaming with blood.

"Tenchi!", shouted the woman, with an odd expression that seemed a mix of
shame and hunger.

"Ayeka?", questioned Sasami.

"Miss Ryoko?", asked Mihoshi.

Washu sighed, "Great.  And here I was hoping for a quiet day...".

*******

Well, I hope you're enjoying yourselves.  I mean, I just hope I'm not
writing a totally pointless fan fiction that *NOBODY* is reading (besides
myself of course, although I *AM* tempted to cover my eyes when I see the
sh.. Uh, stuff I write).  Well you might notice that this chapter postpones
the issue of the exact nature of Ayoko's merger, and thus avoids the whole
issue of metaphysics.  Well, I'll get to that in the next chapter, due
whenever I get around to finishing it.  Although, I'll admit that this is
going much faster than I thought, and who knows when I'll have all the
chapters done.  Still, I need your support if you want me to get off my fat
ascii and finish this project, so email me at   Make sure to leave some
comments and suggestions.  Heck, I might even listen to you!

At this point I'd just like to thank...  Gensao!  Sorry, I forgot to add
you name to the list of people to thank last time, but what can I say, I'm
a moron.  Thanks again for providing such a wonderful service for all the
obsessed fans of Tenchi and crew!

				
Up Next: Chapter 3: Akoyo's Life

