Ayoko Chapter 3: Ayoko's Life
By Kevin Sigmund (bshrimp@together.net)

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo, No Need For Tenchi, and everything else Tenchi
related isn't mine and nor do I claim it to be.  This includes characters,
gimmicks, cameos, and the liberal use of wooden salt & pepper shakers as
robotic guardians.  Anyway, Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer
LDC, and I'm pretty sure that the rights for the No Need For Tenchi! manga
belong to Viz Communications, Inc. and the Kadokawa Shoten Publish Company.
 Of course, I'll bet the rights for Tenchi devolve ultimately onto AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  Anyway, this is fiction written purely for amusement, or
written simply because I have no life.  At any rate, as long as nobody goes
and copies me verbatim, then we shouldn't have any problems.  Now, this
being said I think we ought to move on with the story... (Yes this is the
same disclaimer as the last ones, why does that bother you people?  I think
it's really a good disclaimer myself.  So poo-poo to anyone who thinks
otherwise.)

***********

We rejoin the scene moments later, Tenchi has recovered, at least somewhat,
and the mysterious woman has been draped in something of a blanket while
sitting on an examination table in the less heavily damaged portion of
Washu's subspace lab.  The woman has a look that is a cross between
confusion and anger.  She appeared fidgety and reserved at the same time. 
Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Sasami look on in confusion as Washu proceeds to run
tests on the new visitor that had recently replaced, and taken the place
of, the ones known as Ryoko and Ayeka.

"Okay, now cough.", asked Washu, complete in her nurses garb.

"What.. what happened to.. us?", asked the women, putting emphasis on the
word 'us', as if the word itself baffled her.

"I told you two, the fusion cannon wasn't a weapon.  I made it to combine
inanimate objects together.  You know to make steel rubber ducks, iron
underwear, and other silly things like that.  I hadn't quite gotten around
to using it on anything organic yet, but its nice to see the thing worked
exactly as I predicted.", Washu stated with her usual irritating but
friendly manner, then pausing for a moment, Washu added an "Almost.", to
her statement.

"So Ayeka and Ryoko are now one person?", Tenchi tentatively asked.

"Sort of.", said Washu.

"I don't get it.", admitted Mihoshi bluntly.

"Well while their body is now the same, their still not of one mind.  Both
Ayeka and Ryoko are in there, and they've got to agree before they really
do anything.  That's why her speech is so confused, the two of them will
need to figure out how to work more closely together if they even want that
body to move around, let alone interact with other people.  And if you
people want a name to call 'her' by, why don't cha call her Ayoko!", and
with that end statement Washu proceeded to giggle with glee.

Ayoko got up, a bit unsteady at first, but it was obvious she was
determined to stand upright.  "Okay, now could you explain what happened to
_our_ clothes?", said Ayoko with something of a mixture of anger and a
polite request.

"If you're asking about the multi-colored array of smoldering confetti over
there," said Washu pointing to the remains of the fusion cannon, "Well then
they're both goners."  Washu then noticed Ayoko's odd look of sadness mixed
with a grinning smirk, "Oh, and if the Ayeka part of you is worrying about
her crown, don't worry.  It's a little charred, but no worse for wear, but
I don't think it will fit on Ayoko's head since it wasn't made to fit on
her forehead size."  Washu seeing the look of embarrassment once again
taking hold of Ayoko proceeded to quickly continue, "However, I foresaw
your need for a new apparel, so I borrowed some of Ayeka's and Ryoko's
clothing for you two to put on.  The dress is one of Ryoko's, as your
_ahem_ bust size is closer to Ryoko's than Ayeka's, and so her dresses just
won't fit."  Ignoring the Ayoko's mix of embarrassment and smug
satisfaction, Washu continued, "As for the shoes, your feet size is closer
to Ayeka's than Ryoko's big feet, so I picked a pair of them."  Washu them
proceeded to sum up her speech, "The rest of the clothing doesn't really
need explanation, and you can change over there behind the wardrobe
screen."

Ayoko proceeded to noncommittedly poke the bundle of clothing that Washu
offered.

"Okay, I tried to pick out clothes that I thought both of you wouldn't mind
wearing, but of course you're fully free to change into something different
if you so choose.  Personally I think the garb would look very flattering
on the two of you, but then again maybe that's not what you're looking
for," stated Washu.

And that had been all that was needed to convince Ayoko to hastily head
behind the aforementioned dressing screen.

"Uh, Washu?", said Tenchi receiving only a frown from the diminutive
scientist, "I mean 'Little' Washu, uhm.. I really don't know much about
metaphysics, but doesn't the combination of Ayeka and Ryoko imply both of
their deaths?"

"Metaphysics is bunk," said Washu harshly, "Any philosophy that argues that
language is anything but a haphazard jumble of sounds that have gradually
associated themselves with meanings, should *NOT* be considered seriously. 
Besides, Ayeka and Ryoko's minds continue, thus satisfying at least the
mind criteria of mind/body continuation."

"Uh, okay...", said Tenchi obviously baffled.

"It's really simple Tenchi," cooed Mihoshi.

"Uh Mihoshi, you actually *FOLLOWED* what I just said?", asked Washu,
obviously in shock.
"Uhm.. Noo.. not really, but Ayoko kinda looks like Ayeka and Ryoko
combined right?  So that means.. That means she's standing in for them
while they must be out shopping!", said Mihoshi triumphantly, oblivious to
what had happened in the past hour.

"Wah!", exclaimed Tenchi and Washu in unison as they collapsed under the
weight of Mihoshi's sheer stupidity.

"DON'T YOU GET IT MIHOSHI?  AYOKO IS *BOTH* AYEKA AND RYOKO!", shouted
Washu.

"Oh.  Well you don't need to yell about it silly.", blurted Mihoshi,
obviously ignoring Washu's anger.

Just before Washu could engage Mihoshi in further tongue lashing, Sasami,
who had been helping Ayoko get dressed, piped up.  "I think she's almost
ready.", said Sasami in her normally sugary sweet voice.

Tentatively at first, and then with more pride, Ayoko proceeded to step out
from behind the dressing curtain. Washu was indeed right, the ensemble did
look flattering on Ayoko.  The dress, which was Ryoko's, started with an
ornate looking vest, complete with a very cute bow tie, and then worked its
way down into a simple, yet strangely elegant looking skirt.  The shoes,
which had been Ayeka's, were what had been a simple pair of purple
slippers, but on Ayoko's dainty feet, the detail put into the shoes seemed
much more prominent.  All in all, for whatever reason, the whole outfit
looked far better on Ayoko than either piece alone looked on either Ayeka
or Ryoko.

After standing there with his mouth open for more than a few seconds,
Tenchi's initial reaction was unusually impressive.  Despite the fact that
Ayoko's apparel wasn't at all inappropriate, Tenchi's reacted in a way that
was similar to when he had seen Ayoko fully undressed, only this time his
nose spurted slightly less blood as he feel into a tangle of mixed limbs
and sprawling legs.  Needless to say, this reaction brought on more than a
few confused stares and quirky smiles.

"Oh dear," commented Washu.  "Would someone get me a mop?", asked Washu to
her baffled audience of Ayoko, Sasami, and Mihoshi.  "Never mind, I'll get
one myself..."

*******

So yet again I've managed to add another installment to the Ayoko tale, and
I even skipped breakfast to do it too!  Some of you might have noticed that
I'm trying for the rather annoying perpetual cliffhanger approach to this
fan fiction.  Well, I have to keep you people interested somehow!  Although
I've been moving along quite rapidly in my writings, I'll admit that I'm
very vague where to go next.  I guess the next chapter will be devoted to
Ayoko going through the motions of daily life as Washu works on a cure, but
I'm not really sure on how to go about it.  So, there is the likely chance
I'll still be working on said chapter by the time this installment makes
its way to archive.  That being said, I wouldn't mind any suggestions or
comments from you people (  I just hope I don't come off like too much of a
loser when I beg and plead to you people like this (not that I'm not a
loser, mind you, but it's the implication that matters most to me).

Up Next: Chapter 4: Which is called..  Uhm.. *LINE*!!!


