Ayoko Chapter 4: Ayoko's Tears
By Kevin Sigmund (bshrimp@together.net)

Disclaimer: HELP!  I am being forced to write this Tenchi fan-fic against
my will!  Evil thought goblins are making me infringe on the rights of AIC
and Pioneer LDC. *Ahem*.  What I meant to say was that this fic is written
for sheer pleasure, and I'm not making *ANY* money on this, so please don't
sue me or anything.  (Yes folks, he did write a new disclaimer!)

***********				

Slowly at first, but then with slightly more confidence, Tenchi was the
first of three to leave the confines of Washu's private lab.  In the
preceding hours much had happened, Tenchi's private diary which contained
much of his true feelings of the girls had been discovered, Ayeka and Ryoko
has somehow merged into one person, and worst of all, Tenchi was way behind
in his chores, something that his Grandfather certainly would not forgive.

"Well at least things can't get any worse.", sighed Tenchi.

"Speak for yoursel...", began Ayoko, but she soon interrupted herself with,
"We certainly must agree."

Tenchi sighed after seeing this odd display.  He still found it hard to get
used to the idea that both Ayeka's and Ryoko's minds were in this one very
beautiful girl that gave physical representation to his innermost desires.
<NOW STOP THAT RIGHT THIS MINUTE!!>, Tenchi mentally shouted as he caught
himself thinking very disturbing thoughts about a woman who shouldn't even
exist. <She's really two people, even right now, and to think about her in
*THAT* way wouldn't be fair to either Ayeka or Ryoko.>, and with that
thought Tenchi sighed again.

Ayoko was quick to notice Tenchi's depression, but didn't know what they
could say to him. <We should console Tenchi, he needs to know that
everything is alright and that it won't be long until Washu fixes
everything right.>, began the Ayeka part of Ayoko, but the voice was
quickly silenced by the harsh mental tone of Ryoko, <We don't *KNOW* that! 
Besides, what then, huh?  We go back to what we were?  We've seen the way
he looks at us, and we kinda like it.>.  However, the Ayeka side of Ayoko
wasn't keen on the idea of sharing the rest of her existence, as well as
her body, with Ryoko, and mentally stated as much, <Look, we both know we
cannot stay this way.  Besides, we don't even know what or who Tenchi sees
when he looks at us.  Does he see either Ryoko or Ayeka?  Or does he see an
entirely different woman, who's beauty has entranced him, but who's inner
self he hasn't begun to look at. <We guess you're right.>, admitted the
Ryoko part of Ayoko's personality solemnly.

"Don't worry Tenchi, I'm sure Washu will fix everything.", piped in Sasami,
much to the chagrin of Ayoko.  "Uhm, has anyone seen Mihoshi?"

And with that observation, a minor explosion rocked the small area
surrounding the entrance to Washu's lab.  Then almost immediately
afterwards, the small diminutive form of Washu ushered out the
aforementioned bubble head out into the hallway with her companions.
"Now STAY OUT!", screamed Washu, and then looking to the others, "This
might take me a bit longer than I thought.  Sasami, maybe you better make
dinner after all."  And with that Washu, popped back into the confines of
her private domain.

"But I was only trying to help!", bawled the dim-witted blond.

"It's okay Mihoshi, I'm sure Washu will get over it.", consoled Tenchi,
putting his hand on the girl's shoulder.

"Really?", Mihoshi sniffled.  "Wow thanks Tenchi!", and with that
exclamation Mihoshi gave Tenchi a quick hug.

Giggling nervously, Tenchi thanked Mihoshi, "It was nothing."

<Damn that bitch!  Hugging our Tenchi like that!>, mentally screamed Ayoko.
<Wait!  Tenchi didn't go bleat red!  Could that mean?  Could that mean he
likes Mihoshi more than.. than us?  We *HAVE* to know!> "Tenchi, we're not
feeling very well, we'd like to go take a rest, will that be okay?"

"Hmm?", began Tenchi, "Oh yes, you've been through a lot, why don't you two
take a nap."

Then with a curt nod, Ayoko used Ryoko's powers to phase through the
ceiling, presumably heading towards the guest room where girls normally
slept.  However, that wasn't Ayoko's goal at all, and once she was
convinced that the others had returned to the chores of daily life, the
conglomerate woman continued to pass through the walls until she had
reached Tenchi's room.  Then there on the bed she saw the object of her
desires, Tenchi's original diary, the only thing that had ever hinted of
Tenchi's true feelings about the girls.  If anything could tell Ayoko how
Tenchi truly felt about Mihoshi, it would be this otherwise unimpressive
red tome.

<Should we really be doing this?>, thought the Ayeka part of Ayoko, <This
book has already caused enough problems, it would be better if we just left
things alone.> <Yeah maybe, but we've already come this far, and there's no
turning back now.>, and then with a dry mental chuckle, the Ryoko side of
Ayoko continued, <Besides, do you really think Tenchi could fall in love
with.. with, Mihoshi?>

Of course, while this mental tone was loaded with confidence, Ayoko's
actions revealed anything but, as she treated the manual as if it were
poison, as she tentatively picked it up.  Then slowly, ever so slowly, she
began to skim the pages for mention of Mihoshi, and possibly what Tenchi's
feelings of her were.  Then after much searching, she finally found the
passage that corresponded to her criteria...

"What can I say about Mihoshi?  Well, I'll tell you right off that she's
very beautiful, and she has an outlook on life that is both sweet and
innocent.  She's also bit of a handful, but I guess that's an endearing
quality about her.  She also brings a refreshing breath of fresh air to the
household, as she at least doesn't try to paw me the way Ryoko does, or act
as possessive of me as Ayeka does.  Still, I'm pretty sure she has some
feelings towards me, and while..."

But Ayoko couldn't read any further, and tears streaming she let out a
mournful guttural cry as she turned to flee from the room, but instead
turned to see the compassionate and kind face of Tenchi Misaki. 
"Ten-chi..", she began, but once again overcome with grief she fled from
the room by phasing through the ceiling.

The young man sighed as his gaze wandered to the hateful object which had
caused him so much trouble as of late. <What have I done?>, Tenchi thought
as he considered not what he should do, and how he was going to explain to
Ayeka and Ryoko what his true feelings were, and why he had refrained from
telling the two of them for so long.

*******

Hello if you're reading this you must have read my Ayoko story.  While 
this is all well and good, I strongly suggest that you go an read my 
'Galaxy Police Kiyone's Space Adventure [Kiyone Special]' story right now.  
Why?  Because its much funnier and far more entertaining, IMO.  (Also my 
e-mail was set-up wrong during the fic's first week on the archive and I 
haven't gotten any responses to it yet).

As for my Ayoko fic, I'm sorry for the slightly jumbled formatting and 
such.  I didn't have much time to write the story, plus I had to contend 
with a lot of mental speech mixed with dialogue.  In other words, I was 
left a little confused as what to do, so I just threw up my hands and 
jotted nonsensical garbage down in hopes that nobody would notice.

Anyway, as always I'm thrilled to recieve any comments or questions 
that come my way at bshrimp@together.net.  So please send me lots of 
encouraging e-mails or at least some semi-vague death threats.  
Thanks, and much appreciated.


Up Next: Chapter 5, Solution in Suspension