All characters in the story are copyrighted by Pioneer and AIC

Let me clear everything up in the start. Ayeka, Ryoko and Tenchi got married 
using the same Juraian wedding ceremony used by Ayeka, Sasami, and Yosho's dad, 
Azusa Jurai to his wives Masaki and Funaho. 

Using a device created by Professor Washu. Ayeka and Ryoko combined their 
genetic material with Tenchi's to make a baby. That baby was named Azusa after 
Ayeka's father. 

Azusa was treated different from the crown princes before him. His mother Ayeka 
taught him how to deal with the Royal Houses and proper ways to act. His mother 
Ryoko taught him how to fight and use his unique powers. The genetic mixing 
mixed Tenchi and Ayeka's Jurai power with Ryoko's power and made the little boy 
powerful beyond belief even though the prince didn't know how to use all his 
powers yet.
His Father Tenchi was forging him into the next emperor and Washu was schooling 
him 

With his very difficult schedule he still made time to go with his mothers and 
father to earth to see his grandfather and great grandfather and live a happy 
life.. That went on for almost 18 years..




Azusa Jurai

Chapter one
The Emperor's Demigod son





<How long until we get there Ryo-ohki> Azusa asked the cabbit ship zipping 
through space.  <About 10 minutes Azusa> Ryo-ohki said sounding a little 
agitated with answering the same question an average of 10 times every 5 
minutes. <What's your rush Azusa> the wise old cabbit said to her passenger. 
<Nothing really its just I want to see everybody. > <I understand completely I 
can't wait to see Sasami again> Ryo-ohki girlishly replied.

"I can see you in the sky" the familiar voice of Ryoko rang in his head. Having 
all these links everywhere was useful. Azusa thought as he materialized out of 
the ship in the sky and jetted past the landing Ryo-ohki. Azusa shot about 
twenty blue energy blasts at Ryoko who blocked them and fired her own. Azusa 
blocked them and teleported a few yards away. The prince looked ahead to where 
Ryoko was and saw she wasn't there then he started to look around for his mother 
who jumped on his back and gave him a big hug.

"I missed you mom" Azusa said while excepting Ryoko's bear hug.
"I missed you too" Ryoko said back.
"I think Ayeka is trying to find you she missed her baby almost as much as I 
did. She actually baked you a cake without Sasami's help." Ryoko said almost 
regretting letting go of her son.
"Where is mom do you know" Azusa asked wanting to see his mom also.
"I think she is with Sasami on the mountain trail" Ryoko said to her now 
hovering prince.

Azusa hovered across the lake and flew up the mountain looking for him mom and 
aunt. he found them talking and walking up the mountain steps. Azusa shot down 
screaming "BONZI!!!" and gave a hug to his mom who if it were anyone else would 
have been offended in being treated in such a manor. Ayeka laughed smiling at 
her son and he smiled right back Azusa was glad she didn't take offense to that 
stunt he pulled back there and was kind of startled she didn't.

"How was the ride Azusa" Ayeka asked with her arm in his. 
"It was fine I did get a chance to talk detective Mihoshi and Marshal Kiyone 
while passing into the Jurai guarded zone." Azusa replied
"Ill see you too back at the house I have an old friend to go find. We have a 
lot to catch up on Azusa come talk to me later" Sasami said.
"I will Aunt Sasami oh and Ryo-ohki is with Dad" Azusa said using his link.

Sasami changed her direction and Ayeka and Azusa kept walking up the steps of 
the shrine.

"Your going to be eighteen soon have I told you about the choosing of the 
partners ceremony" Ayeka asked in a firm serious voice.
"No maim" Azusa said regaining his properness Ayeka loved so much.
"Well in two days we are going to take Ryo-oh and fly back to Jurai and you are 
going to talk to the great trees and one of them will choose you to be their 
partner and you will have your own ship" Ayeka said now stopped and looking into 
his eyes to see his next expression.

Azusa just looked in her eyes and reminded Ayeka of her brothers quietness for a 
minute and said "really?"

"Oh by the way was it hard leaving the Science Academy I would have helped you 
but your father, Ryoko and I had to go to a Jurai royal council meeting." Ayeka 
said.
"Oh its ok I understand. Excuses, excuses I know meetings are more important 
than your own son" Azusa said jokingly Ayeka caught on and said "Well thanks for 
understanding"
Ayeka laughed. "Oh ha ha ha" Azusa said as he hovered towards the neatly stacked 
luggage on the shore of the lake. Azusa picked up his luggage and walked into 
his fathers house and in to Mihoshi's old room and put his stuff on the bed and 
walked out into the hall and started to glide down towards the couch in the den. 

"Hey mom where's dad" Azusa asked Ryoko. 
"He's back on Jurai I guess he couldn't get away" Ryoko answered. "You'll get to 
see him when we go back for your birthday" at this Ayeka and Yosho walked in.

"Could you help me with dinner sister and Ryoko". The girls nodded in agreement. 
"Hi Azusa could you come with me I want to talk to you" Washu demanded. "Sure 
Grandma" Azusa said as he and Washu walked down the hall and into the closet 
door to another dimension. 
When the prince got a clear look of the laboratory he noticed it was in a 
sitting room like stage with artificial sunlight beaming through windows and 
antique looking furniture around the old looking room. Azusa studied his new 
surroundings and faced his grandmother now in her adult form.

"Oh my I guess this is going to be a serious talk" Azusa said quietly.
"You say that as if you are in trouble, well your not", the scientist said in a 
mellow voice 

"As you might already know you are going to be eighteen in less than a week and 
will be going through the "choosing of the partners" ceremony on Jurai and will 
then have a Jurai battleship as a crown prince. Because of this Ryoko and I 
wanted to show you something you didn't exactly know you had. Ryoko gets her 
powers through magical gems on her wrist and neck. Which give her an 
unbelievable amount of power, which could never be destroyed or copied. But you 
were blessed with the power of Tsunami and the power of myself, which somehow 
copied Ryoko's powers and bestowed them to you." Washu said staring into Azusa's 
eyes.

"But I thought I only had half of your powers and half of Tsunami's" Azusa said 
in a worried voice. "That's what I thought too but when I did power readings a 
couple years back it showed that you have the powers of a god like Tsunami, 
Tokimi, and Myself. Which brought me to another question. How can a human 
harness such a power, even the Jurai royal family can't harness a tenth of your 
power and survive. So I researched and researched which then brought me back to 
the machine we used to create you and inside the machine." 

"We found these" Ryoko interrupted Washu and held in her hand a small velvet 
box.
Azusa opened the box and saw 3 blue gems. "With these gems on you will have the 
might of Tsunami and the power of Washu making you the most powerful of all 
Jurai Emperors and the beginning of a whole new blood line." 

"Azusa Washu and I think that it would be best to keep this a secret and not 
even tell Ayeka and Tenchi. If people were to find the crown prince of Jurai has 
the powers of a god it might start wars. Not even your father knows what I am 
capable of with all my gems," Ryoko said holding out her wrists and showing her 
neck all three gems clearly visible.

"Don't worry I can keep a secret its just that its hard soaking all this in at 
one time" Azusa said meekly.

"It is hard soaking this in at one time but the three of us in this room are the 
only ones that know about this. And it must stay this way" Washu encouraged.  
"Well I don't know what to say except thank you so much" Azusa said hugging 
Washu and Ryoko. 

As the three hugged the small velvet box popped open and the 3 blue gems latched 
themselves onto Azusa creating a bright blue aura over the boy. Ryoko ran to him 
and was stopped by a weird force field blasting her across the room. Washu 
brought up her transparent laptop and sealed off her dimension from the Galaxy 
chain and made the door to the closet in the Masaki home disappear.

Azusa was floating 10 feet above ground wrapped in a blue aura screaming for 
help. Suddenly the blue aura focused to make a blue/white bolt that enveloped 
Azusa in a weird looking light hawk armor. Azusa stopped screaming and started 
to float down.
The area around his eyes was red from the crying and screaming. 

Ryoko and Washu ran up to the now unconscious prince. Washu decided to go back 
on her idea to keep it a secret and call in prince Yosho. "Ryoko we have to act 
fast tell Ryo-ohki to find Yosho and when she tells you where he is go teleport 
him here" Washu said to the now crying Ryoko.

"Okay hold on" Ryoko said and teleported away.

Sasami and Ayeka were busy in the kitchen oblivious to what was going on. Except 
what goes in what and idle chitchat. The only thing that happened to them that 
was kind of unexpected was Ryo-ohki who was eating carrots of all things stood 
up half done and ran off.

Meanwhile Ryoko raced up the mountain to the shrine at the peak to find Prince 
Yosho. After rounding the familiar bend in the trail leading up she busted 
through and grabbed the unexpecting prince and teleported away to the door 
leading to the lab and quietly walked inside. Once inside the prince yelled, 
"What do you think you are doing Miss Ryoko" "Sorry Yosho I told her to bring 
you we have some what of an emergency" Washu said then she told him what they 
were doing.

"Ayeka set the table dinner will be ready soon," Sasami told her sister in the 
next room.
"Okay Sasami where is everybody do you know?"  Ayeka asked.
"I think Azusa is with Washu in her lab" Sasami answered.
"Ill go get everybody" Ayeka said as she walked to the closet door.

Yosho looked at the Unconscious prince and pulled out the Tenchi-ken and prayed 
that Azusa's gems would morph into the Tenchi-ken. Azusa's gems did just that 
they turned bright blue and appeared intertwined into the Juraian key. As this 
was all happening? Ayeka walked in totally oblivious to what was going on and 
both mothers ran to their son and tried to help the now sleeping prince.

The next morning, Crown Prince Azusa Jurai of the Juraian Empire woke up to see 
his mothers sleeping in chairs next to him. Azusa got up and put the comforter 
that was on his bed on top of the Queens. 

Azusa noticed that the perfectly set dinner table was totally evident that no 
one ate dinner the night before. Another thing he noticed was that Washu and 
Ryoko were sleeping up on the rafters and that Sasami who was sleeping on the 
couch seemed to be going through the Assimilation with Tsunami.

Azusa saw that everyone was asleep and decided to take a walk towards the city 
and go see his Granddad Nobuyuki in Japan. He still knew the way and felt 
confident he could make so he got dressed, left a note then went to the money 
jar and got some cash and went on his merry way after all this was his last day 
on earth for a while so why not go to the crowd.

The crown prince walked down the trail to the bus stop a good ways down the 
mountain. "What all happened last night. I remember being shot up in the air 
then the bright light. Then there was the tingling and power surge then I woke 
up" He said to himself trying to make sense of the situation. Azusa reached a 
bend in the trail and saw the familiar bus stop with a bus sitting at the end. 
"Oh no Wait!!" Azusa said as he ran to the bus and found a seat and quietly sat 
down kind of nervous that the other passengers would be mad because they had to 
wait for him.

The bus ride was kind of quiet all the way to the next stop. Azusa admired the 
landscape, the beautiful mountainsides and the trees. To Azusa this was so very 
different even though he was on and off Earth so many times it would make your 
head spin Earth was always so foreign to him. On Jurai the lands were very 
landscaped, On Earth there were deep woods. "Maybe its this way on Jurai also" 
Azusa thought to himself "You know you haven't been everywhere on Jurai. Plus 
everywhere you do go is always having a celebration for the crown prince being 
there. Have you ever though that maybe Earth feels so foreign is because they 
have no idea you are the crown prince and pretty much own their planet?" Azusa 
thought about this for a while just to be shot out of the dream world by the 
yelling of woman walking up the steps of the bus.

The woman made it up the steps of the bus her face wasn't visible yet and she 
was yelling at the bus driver who she seemed to know because she was going on 
first name basis. "Hey why don't you take a minute Kyano and stop rushing me" 
The unknown woman said. "Yuri! Do you even more care about the people on this 
bus?" The bus driver said to Yuri. 

"Of course I do but safety first and revving the bus while I am up in front of 
it doesn't sound safe" Yuri said in a cutesy voice. "Shove it" Kyano said. With 
this Yuri proceeded to the back of the bus with a smile on her face. Yuri sat in 
the seat next to Azusa. Azusa noticed the young girl was very beautiful she had 
pink eyes and blue hair not unlike Sasami but was younger than the princess. He 
also noticed that she wanted someone to talk to and since it was a long ride to 
Tokyo he acted first.

"Hi I'm Azusa" He said smiling to the young woman. She gave him a smile back and 
said "I am Yuri Ayano pleased to meet you, are you new here? I don't think I 
have ever seen you on the bus before" she said.
"Oh well I don't really ride the bus often" Azusa stammered 
"YEAH WITH THIS NUT DRIVING I CAN SEE WHY" Yuri said in a loud voice smiling at 
Azusa. "I heard that Yuri" Kyano yelled back.

"So where are you headed" Yuri asked.
"Tokyo to see my grandfather" Azusa answered.
"Oh I see I am going to Tokyo too but for a different reasons," Yuri said kind 
of waiting for a: what's your reason:

Giving in "What's your reason" Azusa asked as if on queue.
"So I can go get my 3 kids from that son-of-a-bitch that likes to be called a 
father" Yuri said solemnly.
Azusa got a little quiet. He didn't know this girl and really didn't want to get 
into this problem she was having. 
"Azusa! I'm kidding" Yuri said laughing. 

Azusa started to living up a bit more for some reason the medium stress to the 
peak then back down let it all go and Azusa and Yuri started taking a bit more.

Azusa and Yuri got in trouble 3 times for getting to loud on the back of the 
bus. "Outspoken" was a understatement for Yuri who would pretty much yell at 
anything who got in her way.

Azusa and Yuri were surprised that their stop was the same and continued talking 
up the road to the Architect office in which they were both surprised again to 
find that Yuri's mother was Nobuyuki's secretary. 

When they got to the building they said their good byes and went off on there 
own direction. After both of them gained a few steps Yuri turned around and told 
Azusa that she was meeting her mother at the coffee house down the road that 
maybe if he wanted he and his father could meet them there. Azusa thanked her 
for the invitation and continued through the door to his grandfathers building.

Back home Washu was busy working in her lab trying to figure out what happened 
when Azusa put on those gems. While Ayeka and Yosho were up in his shrine 
talking about the Coming of the Partners Ceremony they were going to that night.

Azusa went up the elevator to the 6th floor and walked through the office to the 
head executive's office, which had Nobuyuki Masaki on the door. Azusa knocked 
and walked in. to see his grandfather asleep in a chair with a girl's comic on 
top of Architect plans.

Azusa laughed and walked over to his grandfather and quietly shook him up.
"Huh! I wasn't asleep" He screamed."  "Calm down grandpa" Azusa said
"Oh its you Azusa how you doing" Nobuyuki said. "I'm fine you want to go get 
some coffee," Azusa asked. "Sure hold on let me get some things you know I need 
a vacation" Azusa kind of laughed. 

What was it about that girl that made him think about her so much in 10 minutes? 
Why was he in such a hurry to see her? 

Nobuyuki came out with his briefcase and walked with his grandson out of the 
building and down the street. The streets of Tokyo were crowded and Azusa was 
kind of in a hurry trying to get to the coffee house that Nobuyuki was having a 
hard time keeping up. 

"Yuri that waitress has come by 4 times shouldn't we order" Chitose Yuri's 
mother said.
"I have a friend that's going to show up just 5 more minutes," Yuri explained.
 
Just then Azusa and Nobuyuki walked in. 

"Oh my Nobuyuki." Chitose said in a sad mumble.
"What's wrong mom?" 
"Its just Nobuyuki is kind of a perv"
"Yeah well his grandson is really nice" Yuri said.
"His Grandson? I didn't know he had a grandson," Chitose said  

"AZUSA" Yuri said yelling across the room. With that everyone turned around 
"WHAT!" she yelled to them and they all turned around.

Azusa laughed and said, "That's them" 
"That's who? Azusa my secretary?" Nobuyuki said
"I am friends with her daughter" Azusa explained as he started walking towards 
them.

Nobuyuki picked a seat first, next to Chitose and Azusa sat next to Yuri. 

"Azusa start heading home you have to pack we are leaving for Jurai in 2 hours." 
Ryoko said using the link. "Okay mom I am having coffee with Granddad and a 
friend ill be done in 20 minutes which will give me time to ride home." Azusa 
replied. "Do you want me send Ryo-ohki?" "Neh its okay Ill be fine riding the 
bus" Azusa said.

After a very talkative drink mainly Yuri and Azusa doing the talking everyone 
split up to go home. Nobuyuki went back to his house and Yuri, Chitose and Azusa 
went on the bus back home. By the time the bus got there. It was dark and quiet. 
Chitose went to sleep on the bus while Yuri and Azusa went to the back of the 
bus and talked some more. After a while their mouths started to hurt and 
everything got quiet. 

Yuri leaned on Azusa shoulder and muttered in his ear "What is it about you that 
makes you so attractive." Azusa smiled and blushed then he said in to her ear. 
"That's what I was about to say to you" Azusa turned and looked out the window 
of the bus and Yuri went out and took his hand. 

"What are you doing tomorrow" She asked.
"I am going on a trip" He answered.
"For how long" She queried 
"I am not really sure" He said 
"Are you coming back?" She asked.
"Yeah eventually Ill be back" he told her.
"Will you come see me when you come back?" she asked
"Yeah" 
"Really?" 
" Really?"
"Yeah" he laughed 
"I normally don't kiss on the 1st date but Ill make an exception." 

With that Yuri scooted closer and kissed Azusa with a sweet graceful touch of 
the lips.
With that Azusa got up and walked off the bus, as the bus sped off and Azusa 
started up the mountain. Yuri lay there in shock "I can't believe I did that" 
She told herself.

As soon as Azusa felt like the bus couldn't see him he flew up to the mountain 
and saw that Ayeka's tree Ryoh was laying in the lake and Drones where loading 
cargo mainly Washu's stuff inside the ship. Everyone was busy getting stuff to 
and from the ship. 

"There you are son are all your suit cases on board?" Ayeka asked 
"No not yet let me go get them," Azusa said still smiling from the bus.

In less than an hour the 2nd generation space tree Ryoh was in flight It would 
take 2 weeks to get to Jurai. In a normal tree ship but Washu made a machine 
that would let dormant trees like Ryoh and Funaho turn to ships again and go 
faster using the light hawk wings as a source of propulsion so It would only 
take a day.

As soon as the ship was in motion and out of Earth's atmosphere the family went 
to sleep so they could get a head start for tomorrow.

The next morning Azusa woke up to the smell of Sasami's break fest and was 
absolutely famished. He showed everyone too while he was at the table he ate 
everything in sight. After break fest Washu told Azusa about the research that 
she did yesterday and feels that he had already felt the brunt of the power 
surge and that putting on the gems wouldn't do that again. So Azusa in the 
privacy of Washu's cargo hold lab put the gems back on.

When he did this time nothing happened except his power level shot up 
substantially, at an alarming rate. Azusa was in the strange Juraian Lighthawk 
armor, which he was able to use his mind to change out of. 

"So how does it fell to have enough power to wipe out dimensions with a thought 
Azusa" Washu asked in a scary tone.

"Uhhh Like normal? Azusa said back.

Deep in space the Demi-god D3 Flies through space to Lady Tokimi's Temple.
"Lady Tokimi I am reading unbelievable power readings. According to this there 
is another Washu or Tsunami or both!" D3 calm down this is strange indeed. I 
don't need three goddesses against me. 

"Well what are you going to do my lady" D3 yelled.
"Compose your self my dear Demi-god" 

"I want you to get Washu and bring her to me"

"Yes my lady.a"

No D3, Washu doesn't have her powers her demon child Ryoko has 3 power gems that 
contain almost all of Washu powers. The powers Washu has without the gems are 
not even enough to challenge a Demi-God like your self."

"Yes my lady" D3 sounding a little more confidant disappeared from the room

"So I have the powers of the Goddess Washu and the powers of Tsunami" Azusa 
asked questioningly.

"As far as I can tell. Tenchi has a direct link to the tree of light or my 
sister Tsunami, so when you were born the huge link that Tenchi has intertwined 
with the link of Ayeka's and gave you a direct branch of the tree of light as if 
you don't have to link because you are already the tree." Get what I am saying 
Washu asked.

After the meeting with Washu Azusa went to Ryoh's Space tree and fell asleep.

Azusa its true you do have the powers of 2 Goddesses' a figure dressed in white 
told him
She stood 6.1 with blue hair and pink eyes looked like Aunt Sasami or Yuri. 
"Soon my sister Tokimi will plan the offensive and strike because now she knows 
that you have some type of power that could, destroy her.  Don't worry we do 
have the upper hand but she is a formidable enemy. But my lord I do have a 
weapon I will bestow upon you when you reach Jurai. One that could dramatically 
change the tide in this war we are having against my sister." Tsunami said.

"Why are you fighting. Why are we at war with your sister?" Azusa yelled. 

"Azusa once we are together you will know it's just a matter of time. Tick-
tock." Tsunami then ended the dream and Azusa fell in to a deep sleep.

Azusa was asleep until Azaka and Kamidaki's voice came on the intercom and told 
everyone they would be entering the Jurai Jump node in the next 10 minutes and 
enter Jurai Prime's atmosphere in 31 minutes and 54 seconds. At that point 
Washu, Sasami, Ayeka and Ryoko were getting their cargo ready and the hustle and 
bustle was beginning. 
"Why don't we ask Tenchi to revise the law to let servants come with us when we 
go to Earth" Ayeka told Ryoko. "You said it" Ryoko agreed.
Azusa was sitting in the library when Ayeka walked in and sat on the couch next 
to him.
"So I haven't seen much of you this whole trip my son" Ayeka said looking at her 
son questioningly. "You are not worried about something are you" Ayeka asked.

"No mother I am just tired from that medication Professor Washu gave me for my 
unexplained sickness I had. She thinks it was the transition from hyperspace 
flying in Ryo-ohki to earth to normal space combined with the transition to and 
from dimensions to and from her lab. That it could sometimes be called 
antigravity sickness." No one could call Azusa Jurai a bad liar but he hated 
lying to his mom especially to Ayeka who was always so gullible and 
understanding.

"Brace for Jump node transition." Azaka said.

With that the space tree ship crossed through the node and into Jurai Imperial 
Airspace. 
The ship glided through Jurai's atmosphere and transported the occupancy with 
their luggage to the welcome area and glided itself into Jurai Battleship Dry 
Dock. 

Even though Sasami was about 720 years old she had the figure and the mind of a 
20 year old because of the 700 years in Cryogenic Stasis. Sasami had been going 
through the Assimilation with Tsunami and had been very quiet. But from all 
these changes she still managed to keep one thing from her child hood and that's 
her love for Tenchi so as soon as everyone touched down. Sasami was the first to 
hug the Emperor. Then his wives got a kiss and then finally Tenchi's pride and 
joy, Azusa his son and future Emperor of Jurai. As soon as Sasami got her kiss 
on the cheek and a hug from the most powerful mad in the Universe and Ayeka and 
Ryoko got their kisses. Azusa and Tenchi walked back to the palace together and 
talked about their trip. 

Azusa told Tenchi about the gift from Washu and what had happen and who knew 
about it. Even about the dream Tenchi had had while aboard Ryoh. Tenchi thought 
about this for a minute and said he would think about it later. Azusa didn't 
like that his father was taking it so lightly when he knew something had to be 
up.  But it was about Midnight on Jurai prime and so everyone went to sleep only 
to be woken up by loud sirens. 

"Your majesty" a knight told the prince. "I will need you to get your items and 
go to the Royal Dock we have to evacuate" 

"Where are my parents and what is going on" Azusa barked to the knight. Azusa 
was getting worried and demanded an answer from the knight, but then Tsunami's 
voice rang in his head. "Hurry Azusa run to the nursery and take the key from 
the great tree, then run to the northern corridor to my sisters room." Azusa was 
puzzled with what he just heard but did what he was told.

Azusa ran down the gigantic hall of his palace made out of a great tree. There 
were knights running every which way with nobles running behind them. It made it 
hard for Azusa to get to the nursery of the great trees. Azusa then had to 
resort to flying over the people to get to the room. After about 30 seconds of 
pure flight Azusa saw the huge doors leading to the nursery. Tsunami had to have 
been the one that opened the door as soon as he got in range, that told him he 
was going to have to hurry. Everything was dark except for the gigantic tree at 
the bottom row that had the familiar rays of multiple colors beaming in every 
which way. Tsunami the goddess of Jurai was standing next to her tree and 
reached out to give Azusa a Bracelet key. Azusa would have normally questioned 
everything that happened so far but as if he already knew he floated up and shot 
himself towards the northern corridor and while flying he fastened the key and 
made it to the northern corridor to see Washu cornered by an old man with a red 
jewel on his head.

 D3 sensed that the man was coming and pulled out his energy sword. 

"So the divine one has shown up totally unexpected." D3 Jeered with a green 
energy sword glowing.

"I don't know who you are but you shouldn't corner young ladies." Azusa said 
walking in front of Washu.

"Just stand back and I wont have to destroy you" D3 Warned.

: Lets see what these gems can do:

When Azusa tried to use the gems powers something struck him as odd. Both the 
bracelet and the gems glowed a bright blue and transformed him in to the weird 
Lighthawk armor.

Out stretched from Azusa were the 10 wings of the light hawk. 

D3 stammered back "10 wings." Inside D3's mind Tokimi talked. Do not come back 
without Washu or that boy killed.

D3 lunged at Azusa who didn't move or flinch. D3 pushed his sword on a Lighthawk 
wing and was making no progress in attacking the prince. Azusa held out his hand 
and the other 9 unused Lighthawk wings focused together into one fantastic blue 
energy bolt. That blasted the demigod to the wall

"Ugh!!!! Ill get you" D3 struggled to get up but couldn't. "Guess what divine 
one (coughs up blood) you and your family will die. Even though you have killed 
me I will get what I came for." D3 said finally. With that D3's red crystal 
disappeared and shot a final beam at Washu teleporting her away.

"NO!!!! Washu!" Azusa screamed at the air where Washu had been.
"Seems like we have a problem," the Emperor said to his son. A knight ran up to 
the Emperor and said "Your majesty, my prince (Azusa nodded at the knight) the 
fabled Tsunami ship is above the palace and a guardian wants to speak to Crown 
prince Azusa.
"Me?" Azusa asked. "Yes sir and the Emperor" the knight looked at Tenchi. "What 
a bold guardian to ask for the Emperor" Tenchi said out loud. "The guardian says 
he has orders," the knight stammered. "Well show me where it is" Tenchi ordered. 
"Please follow me," The knight said leading the two outside the Palace.

Out side the Imperial Palace the fabled ship, the tree of light, Tsunami was 
hovering above the palace. The magnificent wooded ship was boasting its 10 light 
hawk wings and showing the true power of Jurai. Under the ship was a lone 
Guardian similar to Azaka and Kamidaki except for the symbol on the center.

"Hello master I am Amadaous one of four of your new guardians" the Guardian said 
to Azusa. "I have orders to allow my master Azusa Jurai and the Emperor on 
board" Amadaous said. "Okay let's go" Azusa said to the guardian. Amadaous 
seemed puzzled well I am ready when you are my prince." Azusa's key turned 
bright blue again and the 3 were sent up.

The Tsunami was really a remarkable ship the fastest in the fleet and the most 
powerful. On board the ship Azusa and Tenchi were met by Tsunami's human form.

"Hello Prince Azusa, Emperor Tenchi, My sister Tokimi has transported my sister 
Washu to her planet in the Lucarious system. In hopes to gain a upper hand in 
the war we are having." Tsunami explained.

"We have to get her back before Tokimi finds a way to get Washu to work for her. 
To fix this problem we must send a fleet to go raid Tokimi's palace and get 
Washu. I have already reenlisted Ryoh to be a space ship again and Funaho will 
be here shortly. Along with 250 Jurai fighters we should have enough to combat 
Tokimi and gain back Washu. It is imperative that we get her back" Tsunami said 
woefully.

Amadaous turned to another guardian and asked "Yuji what are the status of the 
Tsunami battle group."  

"The Tsunami is at 100 percent the Funaho is in transit, The Ryoh is approaching 
us on the starboard at 100 percent 250 Jurai tree fighters are in transit. The 
Funaho will meet us in Capella and fighters will be here in 5 minutes." Yuji 
answered. "We are awaiting orders," Amadaous told Azusa. 

"Dad?" Azusa asked Tenchi. "Oh no son these types of things happened to me all 
the time when I was your age this is up to you. Since you are in command of the 
capital ship you are in charge of what *we* do." 

"We? Amadaous who are the assigned captains of the Funaho, and Ryoh?" Azusa 
asked. 
"Queen Ayeka Jurai is captaining the Ryoh and is aboard now" "Queen Ryoko Jurai 
is speeding toward Capella in Ryo-ohki to take post in Funaho" The Harindoha the 
Emperor's ship is being commanded by King Tenchi Jurai and has just been added 
to the battle group. Ship information is that of the Funaho for both are 1st 
generation tree ships" Amadaous informed.

"Shouldn't you take command dad? You are after all the Emperor." Azusa pleaded.
" Azusa you will are in command of the capital ship, you are in command of the 
battle group" Tenchi finalized. And left for the Harindoha. 

"My prince? Your orders" Amadaous said.
"Oh yes umm when the fighters get here tell them to follow us to Capella" Azusa 
said and left sat in the command chair.

"Prince Azusa? Your orders? Tenchi and Ayeka's faces went on split screen. 

"Captain approaching 264 Ohki class fighters we must leave before they get to 
sensor range in under 2 minutes" Amadaous told Azusa.

"Azusa I cant leave if they are coming for Jurai I will go down to the surface 
and close the planetary shield you and Ayeka go to Capella I will meet up with 
you later" Tenchi said reversing the Harindoha back down to the surface. 

"Ayeka put the Ryoh in link with the Amadaous and teleport aboard and Amadaous 
lets get out of here" Azusa ordered "Yes my prince" Ayeka said and cut the link 
after 20 seconds she appeared and Tsunami opened 3 of its light hawk wings for 
propulsion so it could stay up with Ryoh and the 2 grand ships shot out of the 
Jurai jump node and off to Capella.

"If there is anyone that can complete this mission its you" Ayeka said to her 
son.
"I have a bad feeling about this" Azusa said looking at his mom.
