Note- I don't own any of the characters here. They all belong to Anime and
Pioneer and I'm just using them for my story. So please - don't sue me! I
don't make that kind of money anyway.

Author's note- This is a cross between Tenchi Universe and Tenchi Muyo so
not to confuse you. This story is copyrighted.(c)

It was early in the Maskai household and Tenchi was only just waking up.

Tenchi- Go away sun!

He looked up and noticed that Ryoko wasn't floating above him

like she usually did. Come to think of it, she hadn't been doing it

for the last several days and she, Washu and Sasami had been really

sleepy for a few days.

Tenchi- (gets up and walks downstairs)

As usual for the moment breakfast was uneventful and Sasami,

Washu and Ryoko almost fell asleep at the table.

Tenchi- Ryoko, are you and the others ok?

Ryoko- (suddenly wakes up) what? Oh, yeah we're fine.

Tenchi raised an eyebrow at this but carried on eating.

Late that night, Tenchi woke up to hear the sound of rustling

downstairs. Fearing burglars he walked downstairs and saw Ryoko,

Washu and Sasami just coming through the front door, ready to

collapse with tiredness. Tenchi noticed how tired they seemed to be

and decided to ask questions in the morning.

Early next day, Sasami made breakfast and all three of them fell

asleep at the table.

Tenchi- Where did u guys go last night?

Washu- Mind your own business.

Tenchi-(shrugged)

That night Tenchi woke up and saw Sasami, Ryoko and Washu

walking out of the door towards a light. The light transported them

up to a spaceship and Tenchi immediately grabbed Ryo-Ohki and

woke up Ayeka, Mihoshi and Kiyone.

Tenchi- Hurry! Ryoko, Washu and Sasami have been kidnapped!

Ayeka- Just leave that she-demon.

Tenchi- Don't u care about Sasami?

Ayeka- (hurriedly gets up) Not a moment to lose!

They climbed aboard Ryo-Ohki and chased after the ship. The

other ship landed on a planet and so did Ryo-Ohki. Ryoko, Sasami

and Washu all climbed into a Limo and the others followed them.

They ended up at the most famous nightclub in the universe,

Mamboes.

Kiyone- Follow them!

As they walked they noticed that Ryoko, Washu and Sasami were

walking onto the stage.

Everyone-????????????????

Ryoko- Hit it Sasami!

Sasami- (starts to strum her guitar)

Ryoko- Lets go Washu!

Washu- (starts to play the drums)

Ryoko- (talking to the crowd) Are you ready to rock?

Crowd- yeah!

Ryoko- Lets get this disco vibrating! (starts to sing) Hell is gone

and heavens here there's nothing left for you to fear shake your ass

come over here now scream.

Tenchi- (mouth drops open as he noticed how gorgeous Ryoko

looked and how well she could sing)

Ayeka- No...it cannot be..that she-demon is the lead singer of

the best and most famous pop group in the universe, the badgirlz.

Mihoshi- Wow! I love that group!

Kiyone- (face fault)

Ryoko starts to sing another song and walks along the catwalk.

Plenty of boys try to grab her and Tenchi just stared. He had loved Ryoko
since the day he'd met her and those boys were making him feel angry. He
just wished he had enough courage to tell her how he felt.

Then, Ryoko jumps off the catwalk and into the dancefloor.

Ryoko- Give it to me Sasami!

Sasami- (starts to do a solo on her guitar)

Tenchi- (thinking) Why don't I just tell her how I feel? I can fight against
bad guys and destroy them but I can't find the courage to tell Ryoko how
much I love her. I am so stupid!

While Tenchi was thinking everyone else had their gobs open at the thought
that they had popstars staying with them! Ryoko started to sing again as she
walked through the crowds. As she got closer to Tenchi, it seemed to him
that she was becoming more beautiful. She came right up to him.

Ryoko- Tenchi, Tenchi oh with your eyes so brown. Tenchi, Tenchi you never
wear a frown. Tenchi, TENCHI? (whispers to him)what are you doing here?

Tenchi- Why didn't you say anything sooner?

Ryoko- I...I......didn't want anyone to know. (runs over to Washu and Sasami
and points to Tenchi, Washu and Sasami's smiles fade)

Washu- What are they doing here?

Sasami- Why did they come here?

Ryoko- (walks over to their manager and whispers something to him)

Manager- It might ruin your reputation but......ok.

Ryoko- Thanks (signals to Washu and Sasami)

The three of them leave their instruments on the stage and walk onto the
dancefloor. There is an invisible shield around them so no eccentric fans
can try to grab them. Another group similar to 'steps' come onto the stage
and start to sing '5,6,7,8'.

Ryoko,Washu,Sasami-(start to do the dance to 5,6,7,8.)

Everybody else-(joins in)

Eventually the disco ended and the three of them started to explain to
Tenchi, Ayeka, Mihoshi and Kiyone.

Ryoko- It all began a few years ago.

Washu- hmmm?

Ryoko- Ok, a few hundred years ago. Washu and myself were known as great
singers and dancers so we decided to form a duet group. We hired a manager
and we sung our first song, I'm a pioneer. We didn't think that it would
become really big but we were very wrong. The song went straight to no.1 in
the universal charts. After that we started to perform big concerts and sing
dance songs in famous discos. Then, when Sasami was 707-a year after she met
you Tenchi- she sung on the karaoke machine and she was excellent. We told
her our secret and made her swear to secrecy. We launched another song which
Sasami sang called Pretty Sammy as it became the theme tune for a T.V show
called Pretty Sammy. Just lately we have been going on a universal tour
travelling to several galaxies and playing our new song-Tenchi, Tenchi which
I was inspired by because of the earth group Blondie singing it as Denis,
Denis. We are sorry but we just wanted to hide from our adoring fans.

Tenchi, Ayeka and Kiyone- (gobsmacked)

Mihoshi- (everything but gobsmacked) Wow! Can I have your autographs?

Washu- We came here to get away from that! (she says nearly ripping her
hair)

Mihoshi-(starts to cry) I'm sorry guys!

Tenchi- So, are you going to leave now that we know?

Ryoko- I don't think so (turns to Washu and Sasami) are we?

Washu- No.

Sasami- And leave Ryo-Ohki? No chance!

Ryoko- Nope, we're staying as long as our fans don't find out where we are
hiding.

Tenchi- Okay.

Everyone climbs aboard Ryo-Ohki and goes back to the Maskai residence. It is
early morning. Ryoko heads to the onsen.

Sasami- I think I'll join you Ryoko.

Washu- Yeah, me too.

Tenchi- I'll go too.

The four of them walk to the onsen and Tenchi heads to the men's side. The
three of them walk to the women's bathing area and start to talk.

Ryoko- They were worried about us!

Washu- What puzzles me is why Ayeka wanted to come and help.

Ryoko- I know why. She wasn't worried about US. She was worried about
SASAMI.

Washu- That explains it.

Sasami- I hope that Mihoshi doesn't start bugging us.

Ryoko- Yeah. She's a great friend but she is also a pest.

Washu- You got that right.

Meanwhile, on the men's side......

Tenchi- (thinking) I love Ryoko. I want to live with her for the rest of my
life but...I'm not that brave, am I? Yes, I am. I'll tell everyone tomorrow.

SPLASH!!!!!!!!

Tenchi- Hmm, I wonder......

He puts his ear to the wall of the onsen and hears the girls, having a water
fight.

Ryoko- Missed me!

Washu- Oh yeah? (she ducks underwater and splashes Ryoko)

Ryoko- You...

Sasami- (sneaks up on Washu) Got you Washu!

Washu- You...

Washu and Ryoko- (look at each other) Get Sasami!

Sasami- O,oh!

Tenchi- (on the other side) hahahahahaha!

Ryoko- Did you hear something?

Washu and Sasami- What?

Ryoko- (splashes them both) Got ya!

The three of them eventually end their water fight and get out of the water.
Tenchi decides to get out too.

Washu- I win! I win! I win! I win! (in her childish voice)

Ryoko and Sasami- (face fault)

Tenchi- Hi girls!

Ryoko- Oh, hi Tenchi!

Sasami- Well, I'd love to stay and chat but I've got breakfast to cook you
know. See ya Washu! See ya Ryoko!

Washu- Bye Sasami! Speaking of leaving, I've got to get to my lab to invent
something for Tenchi's birth-

Tenchi- What?

Washu- Oh, er...nothing!

Ryoko and Tenchi just stand there staring at each other for a few minutes
until Ryoko slaps her forehead at what Washu nearly blurted out to Tenchi.

Ryoko- STUPID! STUPID! STUPID!

Tenchi- What?

Ryoko- Oh, er...nothing. Gotta go!

She teleports away leaving Tenchi confused but he just shrugs his shoulders
and walks away. Meanwhile in Washu's lab...

Washu- Almost finished Tenchi's birthday present...there, done!

Doll A- You're the best Washu!

Doll B- How do you do it? Be cute and a genius how do you do it?

Washu- I am such a genius (cackles)

Doll A & B- Washu! Washu! Washu! Washu!

Meanwhile, downstairs, Sasami is busy cooking a huge birthday cake for
Tenchi. Today was his 18th birthday and he didn't know it! Ryoko was outside
thinking...

Ryoko- It's his birthday today, I need a special gift! I...I've got it!

She teleports away and sets a deal with someone. Then comes back and dresses
into a silver and gold dress and places a gold tiara on her head. She was
ready...

Sasami- (whispers) Is everybody here?

Ayeka- Everybody except for that she-demon. Never mind...I can hear Tenchi
approaching.

Noboyuki- (switches off the lights)

Tenchi- (enters the room) Hello? Is anybody here?

Everyone- SURPRISE! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!

Tenchi- (nearly faints) My...my...birthday!

Sasami- (nods)

Ayeka- Here, lord Tenchi. Open my present first!

Tenchi opens Ayeka's present and finds a carefully knitted jumper with the
Jurai symbols on it.

Tenchi- Thank...thank you Ayeka.

Ayeka- (blushes)

Mihoshi- Here's my present Tenchi!

Tenchi- A gun!

Kiyone- Mihoshi! He has the lighthawk wings and you give him a gun!

Mihoshi- (starts crying) I'm sorry!

Tenchi- No...It's ok Mihoshi. I like it.

Mihoshi- Really? Oh, Tenchi! (gives him a bear hug)

Tenchi- (face faults) Mihoshi, you're squishing me...

Mihoshi- Oops. Sorry Tenchi.

Kiyone- Here's my present Tenchi.

Tenchi- A personal organiser. Thank you Kiyone.

Washu- Here's my gift.

Tenchi- Thank you Little Washu...what is it?

Washu- It is a machine to help you work in the fields.

Tenchi- Oh, thanks.

Noboyuki- Here's my present son. It was your mothers.

Noboyuki throws Tenchi a small box which Tenchi catches and opens.

Tenchi- Mom..moms wedding ring!

Noboyuki- Yes, put it on your true love.

Tenchi- I will, thanks dad.

Sasami- My gift Tenchi, is the meal and cake.

Ayeka- Now, that she-demon has to give Lord Tenchi her gift. She isn't here!
She's so absent minded that she forgot Lord Tenchi's birthday.

Ryoko- I doubt that, Ayeka. (she then dramatically appears in her outfit in
the corner of the room)

Mihoshi- Huh?

Ryoko- Please follow me.

Everyone did as Ryoko directed and all stared at Washu but she just shrugged
her shoulders. They were lead to the onsen where two water tornadoes were.
Washu then knew what was going on and was surprised by her daughter's
generosity.

Ryoko- Tenchi, my gift cannot be wrapped but that doesn't make it any worse
than the other presents you have been given. Tsunami!

Tenchi- Why is she calling for Tsunami?

Tsunami appears by Ryoko's side and Ryoko clones herself.

Tsunami- (walks over to the centre of both water tornadoes) May she die and
you live, for this gift that she may give, and may you live for a two weeks
encore! Until Ryoko appears once more.

After her final word, Ryoko and her clone's flesh were taken and thrown into
each water tornado. Ryoko became a transparent ghost and she and her clone
flew to Tsunami. They then both disappeared along with Tsunami and the two
water tornadoes came splashing down. They all shielded their eyes as two
figures came from the scene.

Tenchi- Mmm...mother? Grandma? I don't understand.

Achika (Tenchi's mother)- Tenchi. Ryoko gave her life for us. She gave me
and my mother life, so we could be with you on your birthday. She has gone
to the underworld and won't be back for two weeks...

Ayeka- Two weeks without that she-demon, YAHOO!

Tenchi- Why...why did she do this?

Grandma- She wanted to give you some time...

Tenchi- Time?

Grandma- ...to choose between the girls.

Tenchi- (whispers) Ryoko.

Achika- Well, we know about Ryoko but who are your other friends?

Grandma- And where's Katsuhito?

Tenchi- He's at the shrine, Grandma.

Grandma- I'll go see him. (she walks off)

Achika- Well?

Tenchi- Well...

Ayeka- I am Ayeka, 1st born princess of Jurai.

Sasami- I am Sasami, 2nd born princess of Jurai, member of the badgirls and
Ayeka's sister.

Washu- I am Little Washu, the greatest and cutest scientific genius in the
universe. I am also Ryoko's mom and a member of the badgirls band.

Mihoshi- I am 1st class detective Mihoshi...

Kiyone- (mutters)...and a 1st class idiot. (speaks up) I am detective
Kiyone.

Achika- You've got a lot of friends Tenchi. Now. Shall we go into the
house...

The two weeks flash by and soon they have to leave. They all go to the onsen
and wait for Tsunami's arrival.

Tenchi- I'll miss you mom. (gives her a hug) Grandma. (gives her a hug)

Tsunami- You don't have to, Tenchi.

Tenchi- What do you mean?

Tsunami- Ryoko requested that you have a choice.

Tenchi- A choice?

Tsunami- Yes. Either Achika and your grandmother go back to the underworld
and Ryoko returns or Ryoko stays in the underworld forever and-

Washu- Achika and your grandmother take her place.

Ayeka- Get rid of Ryoko!

Sasami- No, don't!

Washu- Don't kill my daughter!

Tenchi- (thinks)...Goodbye mom, goodbye grandma.

Tsunami- Your decision is clear. By the power invested in me and the two
recently dead, send Ryoko back up so she may be wed!

Ayeka- May be wed?

Tsunami- Yes. She will soon wed.

Achika and Tenchi's grandma- Goodbye!

Tenchi- Bye!

Ryoko then appears on the floor, still dressed in the clothes from Tenchi's
birthday. Her clone goes back into her and she gets up.

Ryoko- Hi guys!

Everyone (except Ayeka)- Welcome back Ryoko!

Ayeka- humph!

They all head back to the house and Ryoko turns around to go back to the
onsen but Tenchi stops her.

Tenchi- Not yet, I just want to announce to everyone something.

Ryoko-????????????

Tenchi- Who I love.

Ryoko- Who do you love?

Tenchi- You'll find out soon.

Tenchi and Ryoko walk back to the living room where everyone is.

Tenchi- (coughs)

Ayeka- Lord Tenchi, what is the matter?

Tenchi- I have an announcement to make.

Everyone- (turns to listen to Tenchi)

Tenchi- During the past few years that we have all lived together I have
loved one of you and from the past few nights that love has grown stronger.
I love only one person and that person is Ryoko.

Ayeka- Bbbb....bbb...uuu...tttt...

Tenchi- Do not be alarmed miss Ayeka, my decision is clear- I love Ryoko.

Ryoko- You do?

Tenchi- Yes.

Ryoko- (gives Tenchi a hug)

Then Ayeka runs upstairs crying. Everyone stares in disbelief but before
Tenchi could go to see Ayeka, Noboyuki gives him a bear hug.

Nobuyuki-I'm so proud of you!

Everyone- (face faults)

Ryoko- (laughs)

Nobuyuki- You're not escaping, Ryoko.

Nobuyuki leaps to give Ryoko a hug but ends up in a heap on the floor as
Ryoko teleports away.

Ryoko- (laughs) Can't catch me!

Tenchi- (laughs)

Ryoko teleports to the ground but someone ends up giving her a bear hug who
isn't Nobuyuki- Mihoshi.

Mihoshi- (starts to cry) I'm so happy for you!

Ryoko- Hey, get off!

Mihoshi lets go and the watch on her wrist starts to beep.

Kiyone- Our work is never done, hurry up Mihoshi!

Mihoshi- Kiyone wait for me!

They both walk out of the door towards a specially designed garage built by
Washu that held their ship, Yagami.

Kiyone- What's the assignment then Mihoshi? MIHOSHI!

Mihoshi- So we'll see you guys later.

Kiyone- MIHOSHI! What's the assignment!

Mihoshi- Oh, its erm......erm......I don't know.

Washu- (sighs) Give me your watch Mihoshi.

Mihoshi- (hands watch to Washu)

Washu- Your assignment is to guard a precious gem that is been held
overnight in the Juraian royal bank.

Kiyone- Ok. Which planet?

Washu- Planet Kuranser in the 6th galaxy.

Kiyone- Alright, lets go Mihoshi.

They both climb aboard Yagami and the others wave them goodbye. They
wouldn't see them until at least tomorrow morning.

Washu- I'd better head back to my lab then, see you all tonight.

Sasami- And I'd better start cooking dinner.

Ryo-Ohki- Meow!

The three of them walk off leaving Tenchi and Ryoko alone.

Ryoko- (jumps on Tenchi and gives him a hug) I can't believe that you love
me!

Tenchi- Well believe it Ryoko.

Ryoko- So, what now?

Tenchi- What about a walk in the woods?

Ryoko- Ok.

They start to walk towards the woods but someone is watching them and she
doesn't like what is going on.

Tokimi- This cannot happen! When those two get married then their forces
each will be one as both of them are demi-god/goddess. When joined their
power will be equal to me. They cannot love each other.

D3- What is your wish, your majesty?

Tokimi- I have no alternative, destroy them both or send down somebody.

D3- What about Samoto? She is one of Ryoko's greatest rivals, if she can
make Tenchi love her then Ryoko can easily be destroyed.

Tokimi- This area is your jurisdiction, do what it takes.

D3- As you wish.

Meanwhile Tenchi and Ryoko are enjoying a peaceful walk through the
woods......

Ryoko- Tenchi,

Tenchi- Yes Ryoko?

Ryoko- May we come to a special spot in the woods for a picnic later?

Tenchi- Of course, Ryoko.

Suddenly Ryoko heard Washu in her head through their telepathic link.

Washu- <Ryoko.>

Ryoko- <Yes Washu?>

Washu- <hmmm?>

Ryoko- <Alright, MOM.>

Washu- <The concert on Jurai starts soon, remember, the end of the universal
tour.>

Ryoko- <I'm coming.>

Ryoko closes her end of the link and turns to face Tenchi.

Ryoko- I have to go now, my concert starts soon and the ship will be here
any minute.

Tenchi- Ok Ryoko, lets head back.

But, in the world of the three goddesses...

Tokimi- Have you found her, D3?

D3- Yes your majesty, here she is.

Samoto- It is a pleasure to see you Lady Tokimi.

Tokimi- I presume that D3 has told you your orders?

Samoto- Yes, it will be good to get rid of one of my old enemies. I am more
powerful than her anyway.

During this time, Sasami, Ryoko and Washu are saying goodbye to everyone
except Ayeka who is still crying in her room......

Washu- We will see you tomorrow.

Ryoko- Goodbye.

Sasami- Tenchi? Could you please have a word with Ayeka?

Tenchi- Sure, Sasami.

The three of them climb aboard the ship and wave from the window.

Tenchi- I think I'll have an early night.

He walks to his room but then heads towards Ayeka's room. He tries to speak
to her but she wouldn't say a thing. After waiting for her response for more
than five minutes he left the room. Samoto is preparing to come down to
earth. She also has a cabbit but a boy called Mad-Ohki who is mad by name,
mad by nature. Ryo-Ohki cannot stand Mad-Ohki just like Ryoko cannot stand
Samoto.

Samoto- I finally know where you are Ryoko, now I can destroy you.

Mad-Ohki- chow!

Samoto- Yeah, I know.

At that moment on Jurai Sasami, Ryoko and Washu are performing for the king
and queens. But Miskai recognises them all, especially Sasami, and hugs them
all nearly to death.

Sasami- Mom, its alright.

Washu- Lady Miskai you're squishing me. I can't breathe.

Miskai- (lets go of Washu and hugs Ryoko)

Ryoko- I know how you feel.

Sasami- Shall we just get started then?

Washu- lets.

The night doesn't last very long as they do their performance. Soon it is
time to come back to Earth. But Samoto is nearing Earth......

Kiyone- Wake up Mihoshi! How can we watch over the gem with you sleeping!

Mihoshi- zzzzzzzzzzzz, what?

Suddenly there was a break in. It was Samoto and she wanted to steal the gem
before coming to destroy Ryoko.

Kiyone- MIHOSHI! Somebody's broken in!

Mihoshi- (suddenly wakes up with her gun in her hand.)

Kiyone- Finally! Come on, we've got to search the area.

Samoto- I doubt that detectives Mihoshi and Kiyone, you've already found me
(she holds up the gem in her hand) and I have the gem.

Mihoshi and Kiyone fire their guns but the bullets bounce off her. She
laughs an evil laugh as she fires an energy ball at them both and severely
injure them. Samoto walks out, leaving the detectives unconscious. Meanwhile
back on earth......

Ryoko- (hugs Tenchi) Hi!

Tenchi- (hugs her back) Hi Ryoko.

Washu- I think I need a rest. (yawns)

Sasami- Yeah, me too.

Ryoko- Me three.

The three of them staggered back to the house and Washu collapsed on the
sofa, Sasami fell on the floor and Ryoko just had enough energy to teleport
herself to her beam. Soon afterwards she fell off and landed in Tenchi's
arms.

Tenchi- (smiles)

He carefully placed Ryoko on the other sofa and got Sasami a pillow and a
blanket. The three of them slept soundly until lunchtime when there was a
crash in the fields.

Ryoko- What was that!?

Sasami- I don't know.

Washu- Lets investigate.

Tenchi- I'll come too.

The four of them found a ship similar to Ryo-Ohki and out of the wreckage, a
woman with spiky purple hair walked out. Ryoko recognised her instantly as
did Ryo-Ohki. Mad-Ohki changed into a cabbit and him and Ryo-Ohki started to
have a staring contest.

Ryoko- Samoto!

Tenchi- Who is Samoto, Ryoko?

Ryoko- She is my rival.

Samoto- I have orders from Lady Tokimi. You must die Ryoko.

Samoto fires an energy-love bolt at Tenchi and Tenchi immediately pushed
Ryoko away and went to Samoto.

Ryoko- You...You...witch!

Ryoko fires an energy blast at Tenchi and it makes him go back to normal.

Ryoko- Tenchi! Quick, go get sword Tenchi-Ken!

Tenchi- Why?

Ryoko- With my other two gems I can create a shield to protect you from any
of her energy-love bolts.

Tenchi runs back to the house and comes back with Tenchi-Ken.

Ryoko- Point the sword at me and wish for the gems to return to me.

Tenchi- Ok.

Ryoko eventually has all three of her gems and turns to face Samoto. She
creates a shield around Tenchi just like she promised.

Ryoko- I am now ready to fight you, Samoto.

Samoto- Excellent.

The two of them fly up in the air and start to fight. Ryoko throws millions
of energy blasts while Samoto makes up one big energy ball. They each dodge
each others attacks with ease. Samoto then goes on a wild punching and
kicking spree and Ryoko starts to fall to the ground. She flies back up
though and does the same thing to Samoto. Samoto falls but gets up again and
uses her most powerful attack, energy-double, the same attack that she used
on Mihoshi and Kiyone earlier. Ryoko falls down and hits the ground and
seemed to be unconscious. Samoto laughs evilly and the shield that was
protecting Tenchi breaks. Samoto fires an energy-love bolt at him. He runs
to her side and Ryoko sees this. She is angry. Very angry. Her wounds heal
quickly and she flies up and five bright flashes are seen. These flashes are
the lighthawk wings and Ryoko is powerful enough to create five. Samoto sees
this and is shocked. Nonetheless she has to complete her mission so she
flies up to Ryoko to attack her. Her blasts don't even touch Ryoko as she is
protected by her shield. Ryoko transforms an object into a sword and attacks
Samoto. She is hurt but not badly enough to destroy her. Samoto tries again
to attack but to no avail. Ryoko then decides that now would be a good time
to use her most powerful power, the summoning of demons.

Ryoko spoke to Washu through the telepathic link.

Ryoko- <Washu, can you hear me?>

Washu- <hmmm?>

Ryoko- <We're in the middle of a crisis and you still want me to call you
mom?>

Washu- <Yep! What's the problem?>

Ryoko- <Can you chuck me up a rock so I can summon demons?>

Washu- <Ok.>

Washu throws Ryoko a rock while Samoto is really getting annoyed that she
can't attack Ryoko. She uses a double energy ball but she still can't break
the shield. Meanwhile, Ryoko is concentrating on summoning a demon or two.
Suddenly a huge demon appears, then another, then another, then another! The
four demons circle Samoto and use their powers to destroy her. She
evaporates into thin air and Ryoko gets rid of the demons. Mad-Ohki who was
still having a staring contest with Ryo-Ohki howls out in pain as he
disappears too. Ryo-Ohki meows with triumph and goes to find Ryoko. Tenchi
quickly snaps out of his trance and runs to Ryoko's side. But in the world
of the three goddesses......

D3- My Lady, Samoto has failed her mission.

Tokimi- Ryoko, Tenchi, one of them must be destroyed.

D3- I have heard about Ryoko's other greatest rival. She is the princess
Ayeka. She is very powerful, more powerful than Samoto. Would she be enough
to destroy Ryoko, my lady?

Tokimi- Send her to me.

D3- Yes, your highness.

Meanwhile on earth, Ayeka is still crying her eyes out when D3 appears.

Ayeka- Who are you!? How did you get in here?

D3- I have orders from Lady Tokimi. Who do you hate the most in the
universe?

Ayeka- RYOKO!

D3- If you destroy Ryoko you will be greatly rewarded, you can have Tenchi.

Ayeka- But if I destroy Ryoko, Tenchi won't love me. He'll hate me.

D3- We can erase his memory. Will you come with me to see Lady Tokimi?

Ayeka- ...Yes.

D3 teleports himself and Ayeka to Lady Tokimi.

D3- Lady Tokimi, I have Ayeka.

Ayeka- Greetings Miss...er...Lady Tokimi.

Tokimi- Do you know your orders?

Ayeka- Yes. Without her other two gems Ryoko will be easy to defeat.

D3- Go.

Ayeka is teleported back to her room but with no tears of self-pity
streaming down her face. This time she had a grin of pure evil. She walked
downstairs and saw everyone watching T.V. Ayeka snuck behind Ryoko and tried
to pull her hair but Ryoko teleported out of the way. Ryoko had obviously
heard her. Ayeka was now in a funny position on the couch.

Ryoko- (laughs)

Ayeka- You she-demon!

Sasami- Dinner's ready!

They all went to eat but a news bulletin flashed from one of the universal
channels.

Newsreader- We interrupt this programme for a very important news bulletin.
The gem that was been held in the Juraian Royal bank has been stolen. The
two detectives first class Mihoshi Grammy and Kiyone Makibi have been
severely injured and are in hospital. The galaxy police are investigating
the matter and are searching for the gem. Anyone with information on the gem
and its whereabouts please report to the Galaxy police headquarters. Thank
you.

Everyone was shocked.

Ryoko- We should go visit them.

Sasami- Yes, but AFTER dinner.

They all eat dinner and climb aboard Ryo-Ohki. It would take them a few
hours to get to the Universal hospital. Ryoko now tried her advances upon
Tenchi. After all, he said that he loved her but yet he hadn't kissed her.

Ryoko- Tenchi?

Tenchi- Yes, Ryoko?

Ryoko- Since you love me why don't you kiss me?

Tenchi- er...er...um...

Ryoko- (turns away from him) You don't love me, do you?

Tenchi- (thinks) Snap out of it! Say something!

Tenchi- Ryoko, I do love you and I will prove it.

He reaches out, turns Ryoko around and kisses her. Ayeka was peeping though
and she got rather mad.

Ayeka- Just wait! Soon Tenchi will be mine and she will cease to exist. Once
the visit to see Miss Mihoshi and Miss Kiyone is over I'll show them!
(laughs evilly)

Tenchi- Did you hear that?

Ryoko- Yeah, that was Ayeka's cackle. What's she so happy about? You don't
think that she has been spying on us, do you?

Tenchi- I don't know. Ayeka seems to be more cheerful and laughs at nothing
every now and again. What's wrong with her?

Ryoko- I don't know. (kisses him) Let's go see the others.

They both walk out of the room and into the main room.

Tenchi- Hey, guys!

Washu- Oh, hello Tenchi. Where's Ryoko.

Ryoko- Here Wash... I mean mom.

Washu- (smiles but her smile quickly fades) Ryoko, who is steering Ryo-Ohki?

Ryoko- I knew I'd forgotten something, see ya!

She quickly runs out of the room and into the cockpit. They only just dodged
a meteorite and the ship shook as they dodged.

Ryoko- Phew!

Ryo-Ohki- Meow!

Ryoko- Yeah, I know! Quit telling me off.

Ryo-Ohki- Meow!

Ryoko- Ok. OK! Sheesh! Who ever thought that a cabbit would be so bossy!

They eventually landed and ran to the hospital from the landing bay.

Kiyone- zzzz, ow my aching head!

Tenchi- Are you alright Kiyone?

Kiyone- Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Sasami you're all here! Where's my
dim-witted partner?

Ryoko- Mihoshi's there. (she points to the bed next to Kiyone)

Mihoshi- zzzzzz, what...where...when...why?

Washu- Are you ok Mihoshi?

Mihoshi- Yeah, I think so... ow! My arm!

Everyone face-faults and rolls their eyes.

Washu- Kiyone, this is important. What did the thief look like?

Kiyone- She...she...had spiky purple hair and was wearing a black bikini top
and black trousers.

Everyone- Samoto!

Mihoshi- Who's that?

Kiyone- The thief. Did you see where she went?

Ryoko- Yeah, she evaporated into thin air after I destroyed her.

Kiyone- You, destroyed her! Then where is the gem?

Washu- Inside Mad-Ohki, but he evaporated too. So the gem will be...

Ryoko- Wherever Mad-Ohki was destroyed!

Kiyone- We have no time to lose!

Washu- No. You cannot come. Your injuries are too bad. Stay here and we will
get the gem.

Tenchi- We have to get back now. Goodbye.

Kiyone and Mihoshi- (weakly) bye.

They all climb aboard Ryo-Ohki and set off at a lightning speed towards
home. When they get back they search all over but cannot find the gem.

Washu- It cannot be found anywhere!

Ryoko- I have an idea. Ryo-Ohki was having a staring contest with Mad-Ohki
right?

Washu- Right.

Ryoko- So I can just ask Ryo-Ohki where she and Mad-Ohki where!

Washu- Why didn't I think of that! You take after me you know.

Ryoko- (face faults and opens up her telepathic link with Ryo-Ohki)
<Ryo-Ohki, we need your help. Where were you and Mad-Ohki?>

After many minutes and many talking, Ryoko closed her end of the link.

Ryoko- To the fields! In the carrot field!

They all run to the carrot field but still find no trace of the gem. But
Ryo-Ohki is enjoying herself as she guzzles her way through the carrots.
Ryoko picks up Ryo-Ohki. She re-opens her telepathic link.

Ryoko- <neat trick Ryo-Ohki but seriously, where were you?>

Ryo-Ohki wriggled around in Ryoko's hand and fell. She then ran off
indicating that she wanted the others to follow her. They followed her into
the turnip fields where she clearly indicated a spot. There in front of her
was the glistening, sparkling gem.

Ayeka- We'd better take it to the Galaxy police headquarters.

Washu- We'd better set off now.

Ryoko- I think I'll stay here.

Tenchi- Why?

Ryoko- The Galaxy police don't really like me, remember I am a space-pirate.

Tenchi- Then I'll stay here too.

Ayeka- I'll stay too.

Sasami- Ayeka...

Ayeka- Alright, I'll come!

They climb aboard Ryo-Ohki again and speed off towards the Galaxy police
headquarters. When they dock, they head off to the marshal's (Mihoshi's
grandfather) office. Upon arriving the marshal greets them and offers them
all seats.

Marshal- What brings you ladies here?

Washu- Well, lets just say that the case of the missing gem is closed.

Marshal- I don't understand.

Washu lifts up the gem and hands it to the marshal.

Marshal- How...How...did you get this.

Washu- Long story, let me explain......

Ten minutes later after Washu has finished explaining...

Washu- So that's the story.

Marshal- Ok. At least I know that the evil person that hurt my granddaughter
is dead. Thank you for your help. I'll return this at once.

Washu, Sasami and Ayeka- Goodbye.

The three of them leave the office and walk back on Ryo-Ohki. It's lucky
that Washu can operate Ryo-Ohki. Upon landing on earth Ayeka rushed out and
went to find Ryoko. She had to have the fight, and now! When she found Ryoko
she resting on Tenchi's chest, obviously sleeping, on the couch. Tenchi was
asleep also. Ayeka didn't want to wake Tenchi but she had no choice. Then an
evil idea came into her head. She shoved Tenchi and when he woke up, she
kissed him. She had purposely shook Ryoko as well to wake her up and see
them kissing.

Ryoko- (screams)

Tenchi (pulls Ayeka away) what are you doing?

Ryoko- Never mind that, how dare you!

Ayeka- Need to fight?

Ryoko was about to say yes but saw the look on Tenchi's face that clearly
said, "don't! It wasn't my fault, I love only you!"

Ryoko- No Ayeka.

Ayeka- Too scared that I will beat you? (cackles) No matter, you have
interfered with mine and Tenchi's love for too long. Azaka! Kamidake!

Azaka and Kamidake- Yes.

Ayeka- Destroy her and hold back Tenchi.

Azaka and Kamidake- Yes Ma'am.

They both go up to Ryoko and surround her, one guardian on her left and one
on her right. They electrocute her while holding back Tenchi.

Ryoko- (screams)

Tenchi- No Ayeka! This is madness! Why are you doing this?

Ayeka- I am following orders so I can have you Tenchi.

Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Sasami hears what is going on and rushes to the
scene and sees Ayeka hurting Ryoko. At first she thought that it was one of
their usual fights but on closer inspection and hearing what Ayeka and
Tenchi were saying to each other, she realised that Ayeka was trying to
destroy Ryoko. Now, Sasami loved her sister but she also liked Ryoko. Ryoko
was a great friend, a member of the band and seemed to be a lot nicer to her
than Ayeka was.

Sasami- Sister, stop!

Ayeka- (cackles)

Sasami- Stop!

Ayeka- (cackles even more)

Sasami- STOP!

Sasami was so angry that she called upon Tsunami to stop the guardians from
hurting Ryoko.

Sasami- Tsunami! Please stop the guardians!

Tsunami did just that and Ryoko fell to the floor and the shield stopping
Tenchi broke and he ran to her side.

Tenchi- Ryoko, Ryoko wake up! Ayeka if you insist on killing Ryoko then
you'll have to destroy me too.

Ayeka- (thinks) If I kill Tenchi as well as Ryoko then I cannot love him.

D3- Yes you will. I will arise him from the dead. Do what it takes.

Ayeka- Thank you D3.

She turns to face Tenchi.

Ayeka- Fine Tenchi. I will destroy you too but are you sure that it is worth
dying for this piece of garbage.

Tenchi- Ryoko is not a piece of garbage! Ayeka I do not want to kill you but
why do you want to kill me and Ryoko? If you insist on trying though then I
will destroy you.

Ayeka- Fine by me.

The two of them start to battle. At that moment, Sasami is still watching
and is still angry with Ayeka. For the moment, she wants Ayeka to die
instead of Tenchi. Tenchi transforms into his battlesuit as does Ayeka. The
two of them battle until Tenchi creates the lighthawk wings and defeats
Ayeka. She falls to the ground and dies instantly. Sasami is still full of
pure hatred for Ayeka but she soon misses her sister. She did not criticise
Tenchi though. He had saved Ryoko from death and Sasami was glad that she
was alive. In the world of the three goddesses...

D3- Your majesty, another one has failed. What shall we do?

Tokimi- You must go down and destroy them both D3.

D3- Yes your majesty.

D3 travels to earth and comes face to face with Tenchi.

Tenchi- Who are you?

D3- I am from Tokimi. Enjoy your painful death!

They both battle out until Tenchi is seriously wounded and falls on the
floor. D3 points the sword at him but Ryoko wakes up at that moment and
creates a demon who jabs D3 in the stomach.

D3- You win, for the moment.

He disappeared and Ryoko ran to Tenchi's side.

Ryoko- Don't die! Live! (she says while giving him the kiss of life)

Washu- Get him to my lab!

She places him on a stretcher and carries him to her lab and into a
life-table which sustains his life and makes his wounds heal rapidly.

Ryoko- He can't die! He can't!

Washu- Calm down Ryoko.

Ryoko- Calm down! Tenchi is seriously injured and you're telling me to calm
down!?

Washu- He'll live, ok?

Ryoko- (calms down a bit) Ok.

Washu- Stay here, I've got to sort something out.

Washu disappears and reappears in the world of the three goddesses.

Washu- Tokimi!

D3- It's Lady Tokimi to you.

Washu- I can call my sister what I want, D3.

D3- Lady Washu!

Washu- That's my name don't wear it out.

Tokimi- What do you want sister?

Washu- Why are you attacking my daughter and Tenchi?

Tokimi- They cannot be together. With their powers combined...

Washu- ...they will be as powerful as you.

Tokimi- Exactly.

Washu- They are separate minds Tokimi. Combined they will be as powerful as
you but apart they are only half as powerful as you. They are separate
people...well...humanoids...but still separate. There is no need to attack
them. Are you doing this to infuriate me?

Tokimi- Yes, sister. We didn't finish what we had started.

Washu- Millions of lives were lost last time.

Tokimi- Humans are equivalent only to dust. They do not matter.

Washu- That's your trouble, you have no feelings.

Tokimi- I will leave you alone for now, but when one of them proposes to the
other, I'll be back.

Washu- Understood.

She disappeared and reappeared in her lab next to Ryoko.

Ryoko- Well, what did Tokimi say?

Washu- She'll leave you alone......

Ryoko- Wahoo!

Washu- ......until one of you proposes to the other.

Ryoko- Well, at least I'll be ok until then.

Suddenly Tenchi wakes up.

Ryoko- Hi honey!

Tenchi- Hey.

Washu- All signs are normal. Healing process will complete in
three...two...one...now!

The last cut on Tenchi disappeared and he got up.

Tenchi- What a wild few days.

Ryoko- Yep.

Tenchi- I'm tired. Let's go to bed.

Ryoko- Can I sleep with you but only sleep?

Tenchi- Sure.

The two of them snuggled up to each other and fell asleep with Ryoko's head
on Tenchi's chest. The following morning they all decided to give Ayeka a
decent funeral.

Tenchi- Well, what shall we tell Azusa and Miskai? They're bound to find
out.

Washu- Just leave it to me!

Azusa and Miskai appear and Miskai is crying her eyes out.

Azusa- What did the assassin look like?

Ryoko- erm...

Washu- She had purple spiky hair and her name was Samoto. She destroyed
Ayeka but then Ryoko destroyed her.

Ryoko- ...yeah! That's right! There was nothing that we could do to save
her, sadly.

Sasami- Where will she be buried, father?

Azusa- In the royal cemetery, on Jurai. She will have a big funeral with
many invited.

Miskai- (crying) Nothing's too good for my little Ayeka!

Washu- Shall we get her?

Miskai- Yes.

A coffin appears out of nowhere with Ayeka lying in it with a rose in her
hands.

Miskai- (still crying) At least she looks peaceful.

Azusa- My daughter will be taken back now!

Washu- May we come to her burial?

Miskai- Of course! You were her greatest friends!

Azusa- Sasami! You are now heir to the Jurai throne and Azaka and Kamidake
are now your guardians. We cannot trust these people (he points to Tenchi,
Ryoko and Washu) with your safety. You will come back to Jurai!

Tsunami- Azusa, Azusa, Azusa. Sasami wishes to stay here, (turns to Sasami)
don't you?

Sasami- (nods her head)

Tsunami- Do you want to take her back against her will?

Azusa- (gulps)

Tsunami- Do not fear. I will watch her.

Azusa- Very well. Sasami you may stay here but you must come to your
sister's burial.

Sasami- Of course I will father!

The lot of them climbed aboard the royal ship and landed on Jurai in a small
amount of time. Royal guards put the lid on Ayeka's coffin and placed a
special cloth on top of it. The coffin was then put in a funeral car and
bouquets of roses were placed on top. The car drove to the cemetery and her
coffin was put in her grave.

Preacher- The mother and father of princess Ayeka would now like to say a
few words.

Miskai- (still crying)

Azusa- Ayeka was a good princess and would also have been a great ruler. She
was very proud of her family and would never deceive another. She was a
wonderful person and was a great daughter.

Preacher- Now, Ayeka's sister, princess Sasami would like to say a few
words.

Sasami- Ayeka was the best sister a girl could ask for. She helped me and
insured my safety. She could be a little nasty at times but no-body's
perfect. I hope the goddesses will look after her.

Preacher- And now her friends, Washu, Tenchi and Ryoko would like to speak.

Washu- She was a great friend and everything that Sasami and Azusa have said
about her.

Tenchi- She loved me but yet I loved another. She fought for my affection.
She was the greatest friend anyone could ask for.

Ryoko- At first I hated her, she was my enemy. Eventually she became a
friend but we expressed our friendship by fighting against each other. She
was funny at times and serious at others. She was very proper just like a
princess should be.

Preacher- That's the end of the speeches...

Kiyone- Wait!

Everyone- Huh?

Kiyone and Mihoshi were coming towards them and they were both in
wheelchairs. They had been excused from the hospital for a short while so
they could be at Ayeka's funeral. Even though they were out of the hospital
they had broken legs so they had to be in wheelchairs.

Preacher- We seem to have some more speeches, (turns to speak to Azusa) are
these people friends of Ayeka?

Azusa- I think so...

Washu- Yes.

Kiyone and Mihoshi wheel up to them and begin their speeches.

Kiyone- She helped me when I was about to tear my hair out (points to
Mihoshi) and she was a great friend.

Mihoshi- She...she...was a really good friend.(starts to cry and leans over
to hug Kiyone causing both the wheelchairs to tip over)

Kiyone- (screams with pain)

Mihoshi- (screams and cries with pain)

Preacher- Somebody get a paramedic!

Washu- I'm a doctor (she transforms into her nurse's outfit) they'll be
fine.

Washu and Tenchi put Mihoshi and Kiyone back in their wheelchairs and push
them off behind a bush were Washu injects them with a painkiller. They wheel
them both back out afterwards and put them at the side of the grave.

Azusa- Carry on.

Preacher- Let us all say a prayer.

Everyone- (closes their eyes and puts their hands together.)

Preacher- Dear Tsunami, watch over Ayeka and make sure she is happy in the
afterlife. Help her to be good and help those who are unhappy about her
sudden death. Armen.

Everyone- Armen. (opens their eyes and puts their hands down)

Preacher- Lower the coffin.

The coffin is lowered into the grave and flowers are placed on top of the
coffin including one special flower, the royal teardrop. The grave is
covered and a magnificent gravestone is placed behind the grave.

Miskai and Mihoshi- (cry)

Ryo-Ohki- (meows sadly)

Washu, Sasami, Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi and Kiyone climb aboard Ryo-Ohki and
wave goodbye to Azusa and Miskai from the window.

Kiyone- Ryoko?

Ryoko- Yes, Kiyone?

Kiyone- Can you drop me and Mihoshi off at the hospital? We have to be back
now.

Ryoko- Ok.

Ryoko flies Ryo-Ohki to the hospital and Mihoshi and Kiyone get off and are
wheeled back to their beds. Ryoko then flies Ryo-Ohki back to earth and
everyone settles down for a good nights sleep. But Ryoko had something else
in mind...

Ryoko- Tenchi?

Tenchi- (kisses her) Yeah?

Ryoko- Do u wanna...hmm...?

Tenchi- erm...erm

Ryoko- Please?

Tenchi- eh...sure.

Ryoko- Really?!

Tenchi- Yep.

Ryoko- Great! Lets get started then Ten-

Tenchi- (kisses her)

Ryoko- (switches off the light)

Early next morning both of them were awake, staring at each other and naked.
Ryoko fazed into some clothes while Tenchi got dressed.

Tenchi- Ryoko?

Ryoko- Yes?

Tenchi- (gets down on one knee) Ryoko I have loved since the day I met you
and I cannot resist this opportunity. Will you marry me?

Ryoko- Yes! Yes! Yes! But...

Tenchi- But what?

Ryoko- Washu said something about Tokimi...but whatever! I'm getting
married!

Washu- (thinks to Ryoko) So now our problem starts...

Ryoko- (thinks to Washu) Oh! Can it MOM!

Tenchi- What do you mean by Tokimi? Who is she?

Washu- (appears in the room) She is my sister.

Tenchi- Huh?

Washu- (sighs and explains) Well, I didn't used to be human. I used to be
one of the original three goddesses who created the universe. As you know,
Sasami is linked with Tsunami so, in a way, you have three goddesses living
in your house Tenchi.

Tenchi- What da ya mean THREE? Only you and Sasami are goddesses and there
is no Tokimi here.

Washu- You are correct Tenchi dear, but aren't you forgetting someone...?
(points to Ryoko)

Tenchi- erm...

Washu- She is my daughter for goddess's sake! Her gems hold my power! So she
is also part goddess therefore she is immortal.

Tenchi- Oh! Right!

Washu- Now that you and my daughter are getting married, Tokimi will attack
as yours and Ryoko's power combined will equal hers.

Ryoko- So because of Tenchi's proposal we are all in danger. Well, if you
think that I'm not getting married to Tenchi you've got another thing
coming!

Washu- No. I won't stop you but I will help you. I'll go have another chat
with her to see what she is up to.

Washu walks out into her lab and closes the door so no-one can disturb her.

She goes into the world known only to the three goddesses...

Washu- Tokimi! TOKIMI!

D3- What do you want Lady Washu? My lady is busy at the moment talking with
Lady Tsunami.

Washu- Tsunami is here!? Outta my way D3 you overgrown right-hand man! I
gotta talk to those two!

Tsunami- You cannot disturb the wedding! I have plans for the both of them!
Why do you need to destroy them anyway?

Tokimi- I must! They cannot be as powerful as me! HA! One of them dies or
the both of them do...

Washu- Tokimi! You must not meddle in my daughter's affairs!

Tokimi- Finish what we started. It cannot be stopped. We need to carry on
the fight.

Washu- I won't allow it. You've already killed two people Tokimi! I won't
have everything that we've created to be wiped out!

Tokimi- We've meddled too much. We must destroy our creations and start the
universe from scratch.

Tsunami- Never! The Juraian race will be wiped out! My people!

Washu- Tokimi, we will not fight and you will not disturb the wedding.

Tokimi- If that is your choice sisters, then I have no alternative. D3!

D3- Yes your highness?

Tokimi- Destroy Washu's daughter. That will give her something to fight
about.

Washu- D3 stay back! Keep away from my daughter!

D3- I must follow my lady's orders.

Tsunami- Stay away from Ryoko!

D3-That demon summoner will be mine. How dare she hurt me. (he disappeared)

Tsunami & Washu- NO!

Tokimi- You gave me no alternative sisters.

Washu- I must protect my daughter!

Tsunami- Must protect Tenchi & Sasami!

Leaving the world of the three goddesses...

Washu- Tokimi, no!

Ryoko- What's up mom?

Washu- Ryoko look out!

D3- (swipes his sword at Ryoko's side knocking her unconscious)

Washu- Ryoko, no! D3! You monster! (swipes her sword at D3 and sends him
back to Tokimi)

D3- Goodbye for now, Eagle feather I shall return.

Washu- Ryoko! Don't die on me!

Tenchi- (walks into the lab to find Ryoko) Hey Washu! Where's Ryok-

He ran forward when he saw her lying on one of Washu's patient beds.

Tenchi- Washu! What's wrong with Ryoko! Is she alright?!

Washu- She should be although that slash cut that D3 did is quite deep...

Tenchi- D3! Isn't that Tokimi's-

Washu- Right-hand man? Yes. Ryoko should be fine once the cut has been
cleared up but there may be some problems with the baby.

Tenchi- BABY!

Washu- Yes Tenchi. Ryoko's pregnant. You're going to be a father in a week.

Tenchi- But normal pregnancy lasts for nine months.

Washu- Well Tenchi. Ryoko isn't normal is she? She's a humanoid. She can
create the baby in her womb much faster.

Tenchi- A father. Me. A father. Does Ryoko know?

Washu- Obviously not. You can tell her when she wakes up.

Ryoko- (wakes up) Huh?

Washu- Ahh. You can tell her now.

Ryoko- Tell me what?

Tenchi- Well, Ryoko you're pregnant.

Ryoko- (faints)

Washu- (chuckles)

Tenchi- Um, I think she's shocked.

Washu- Well, DUH! Well, I'm off for lunch. We missed breakfast ya know.

Tenchi- Well, can you tell Sasami to save my lunch? I wanna stay here with
Ryoko.

Washu- Sure, whatever. (she walks out of her lab)

Tenchi- (sighs)

He watches her but eventually falls asleep.

Tenchi- Love...you...Ryoko...zzzzzzzzzz...

Ryoko- (wakes up) Love you too, my Tenchi. (starts to run her fingers
through his hair)

Tenchi- (wakes up) Ryoko, you're awake!

Ryoko- Yep. So how do you feel about becoming a daddy?

Tenchi- It's kinda weird but since it's with you I don't care what happens
as long as we're together.

Ryoko- That's so sweet! But we're in even greater danger.

Tenchi- Why?

Ryoko- Tokimi. She's after us remember. We can't do anything about it though
except if we battle with her but we're only demi-gods/goddesses and she's a
goddess.

Tenchi- But so are Washu and Tsunami.

Ryoko- This is all so confusing. Firstly I'm getting married then I'm
pregnant and now we're in serious danger. GREAT! (sarcastic)

Tenchi- Are you saying that you are not happy about getting married and
having a child with me? (he said sadly)

Ryoko- Oh no! I'm thrilled to marry you and raise a family with you but we
won't have a child if Tokimi decides to attack. I know! <Washu!>

Washu- <what's the matter little Ryoko? I'm trying to eat here!>

Ryoko- <could you speed up the birth process?>

Washu- <what! Are you crazy Ryoko! The baby's already injured and this might
make it die!>

Ryoko- <what is wrong with my baby anyway?>

Washu- <it has gotten your feral features>

Ryoko- <so?>

Washu- <the baby is a female Ryoko and it's...>

Ryoko- <...thanks for ruining the surprise MOM!>

Washu- < well then, as I was saying. The baby has claws like a bear that
could slice a human in half.>

Ryoko- < and your point is...ow! Ow! OW! That really hurts!

Washu- <is the pain coming from your womb?>

Ryoko- <yes>

Washu- <just as I thought. For some strange reason your baby has claws but
you don't. These claws are on the baby right now and are as sharp as steak
knives. When the baby moves, it's claws are accidentally slicing into your
womb's walls making you feel pain.>

Ryoko- <what can I do?>

Washu- <I'll sort it out. I'm on my way>

Tenchi- Ryoko! Are you alright?

Ryoko- Yeah, Washu's coming to sort it out.

Washu- Ryoko. Does your womb feel like it is been ripped to shreds?

Ryoko- Yes.

Washu- Ryoko, we need to get that baby out of you right now! It may feel
strange and the baby may be a bit weak but don't forget that it was due out
in a week anyway.

Tenchi- Huh?

Washu- Her birth rate lasts for a week, Tenchi.

Tenchi- Oh.

Washu- You can leave if you want Tenchi while I perform the operation.

Tenchi- No. I want to stay with Ryoko.

Washu- Very well. Ryoko, for me to get the baby out I will need to perform a
suzerain. Is that okay with you?

Ryoko- Yes.

Washu- Well then (injects Ryoko with anaesthetic) let's begin.

Five hours later...

Washu- Almost done it...there! Tenchi here is your new baby girl.

Tenchi- Thanks Little Washu.

The baby has the hairstyle and colour of Ryoko, cyan and spiky but has a
black streak in it. She has Tenchi's ears and Ryoko's yellow feral eyes. Her
cat claws were long, pink and very, very sharp. No wonder they teared up
Ryoko's womb wall. She had the markings of one lighthawk wing on her
forehead and had a copy of one of Ryoko's gems imbedded in her wrist.

Washu- Ryoko will come around within about...

Ryoko- (wakes up) huh?

Washu- ...Now.

Tenchi- Here's our baby girl Ryoko. Have you decided on a name yet?

Ryoko- Yes. Sakura.

Tenchi- You always loved Cherry Blossoms.

Washu- Well then. Don't you need to sort out the wedding plans?

Ryoko- Um...Tenchi?

Tenchi- Yes Ryoko?

Ryoko- Can we wait a little while for the wedding so I can...you know...look
after Sakura?

Tenchi- Ok.

Washu- Well then? Aren't you going to tell everyone? And don't worry about
Tokimi. I'll make sure my sister doesn't try anything funny.

Tenchi- Thanks Little Washu.

Ryoko- Thanks mom. I think I'll take a little nap with Sakura.

Tenchi- I'll sleep right here with you.

Washu- I'll leave you two lovebirds to it. Goodbye. I'll spread the good
news.



The three of them slept for an hour before Washu showed up again. She was
typing madly on her laptop (or should that be airtop...) and was getting all
worked up. She needed to wake them up and tell them that they had to battle.
You see, Ryoko was Washu's champion and Tenchi was Tsunami's. Just then
Tsunami appeared.

Tsunami- Sister.

Washu- Tsunami! What do you want with my daughter and Tenchi?

Tsunami- Whatever happened to hello sister?

Washu- What are you planning in that brain of yours?

Tsunami- Tenchi and Ryoko need to be strong. They must fight D3 and take the
Jurai throne.

Washu- Huh? But D3 will kill them for sure and Sasami is the new ruler of
Jurai.

Tsunami- They need to fight D3 to get rid of him. While they are fighting D3
we must battle Tokimi in our dimension. We won't kill her but battle her to
get some sense knocked into her head.

Washu- Fine. The wedding has been post-poned and the baby has already been
born. So now the only problem is the training and the fight ahead of us.

Tsunami- I have a great-nephew or niece?

Washu- Yes. You have a great-niece. She is named Sakura.

Tsunami- Ryoko has always loved cherry blossoms.

Washu- Yeah. Why must Ryoko and Tenchi take the Juraian throne?

Tsunami- I don't want to rule Jurai. I am it's creator not its ruler.

Washu- Oh yeah! You're linked to Sasami. So, my guinea pig and my daughter
are getting married, have had a child, are going to rule Jurai and are going
to battle D3. Interesting...

Tsunami- I must go. Call me when Tokimi attacks.

Washu- Goodbye sister. WAKE UP!

Ryoko- (wakes up) MOM! You woke up Sakura.

Sakura- (cries)

Washu- (whispers) Sorry. You need to get up now.

Ryoko- Fine. (rocks Sakura back to sleep)

Tenchi- (wakes up) Is it dinnertime already?

Washu- No. It's a couple of hours before dinnertime and both of you need to
stay alert. I have no idea when Tokimi will decide to attack.

Ryoko- Don't worry mom, we can handle it. <Mom?>

Washu- <yes little Ryoko?>

Ryoko- (blushes)

Tenchi- (laughs but then becomes confused) Washu? How come I can hear you
two in my head?

Washu- Maybe because of your lighthawk wings and Ryoko's gems.
Interesting...

Ryoko- Mom?

Washu- Yes little Ryoko?

Ryoko- You know I hate it when you call me that.

Washu- I know. That's why I do it.

Ryoko- (sighs) Mom. Can you build an attachment onto the house. An extra
room for Sakura?

Washu- Sure I will. I'll create a nursery for her too. (brings up her
laptop) Hmm...a few adjustments to the houses physical structure and its
quantity, quality and mass and...there! Sakura's nursery and her bedroom
lead off from Tenchi's room. Or should I say Tenchi and Ryoko's room...

Tenchi and Ryoko- (blush)

Washu-I know! Let's get everyone together and do karaoke! Ryoko, me and
Sasami can do one of our songs...

Ryoko- Yes! I know just the one to do, but I want Kiyone and Mihoshi here.

Washu- That can be arranged. I'll send a message to the hospital to allow
them to come home for the night. (brings up her computer and calls the
hospital)

Operator- Hospital here. How may I help you?

Washu- Can two of your patients come over to stay at home for just one
night?

Operator- Which two patients?

Washu- Detectives Mihoshi Grammy and Kiyone Makibi.

Operator- For that you'll have to talk to the doctor that is taking care of
them. I'll just get her...Dr Fenickle?! Someone needs to talk to you!

Dr Fenickle- I'm coming!

Washu- Where does that name sound familiar?

Dr Fenickle- Who is it?

Washu- Is that you Yuga?

Yuga/Dr Fenickle- Washu! It's you!

Washu- Long time no see! So what you been up to?

Yuga- I managed to get that degree from the academy as you can see and
became a doctor. What about you? Still a mad scientist? From what I heard
you used to be one of the most wanted criminals when the Kagato incident was
going on along with your daughter, princess Ayeka, princess Sasami, Lord
Yosho, Lord Tenchi and Mihoshi and Kiyone.

Ryoko- (bursts out crying)

Tenchi- Ryoko, what's the matter?

Ryoko- I miss Ayeka.

Yuga- Your daughter misses Ayeka?! But I thought that they were enemies and
how can she miss her? Where is she?

Washu- She's dead.

Yuga- Oh! I'm sorry! What did you call about anyway?

Washu- Can you let Mihoshi and Kiyone out of the hospital for just tonight?

Yuga- Well...alright! You still haven't answered my questions.

Washu- Well I'm still a genius (cackles)

Doll A- You are the greatest Washu!

Doll B- You are Washu you are the genius!

Doll A & B- Washu's the best!

Yuga- You still have those crummy dolls? Man, I'd have thought that you had
gotten rid of them by now.

Washu- Nope! So can you send Mihoshi and Kiyone down now?

Yuga- You got it! It'll be about an hour though before they get there ,ok?
See ya Little Washu!

Washu- See ya Little Yuga!

Tenchi and Ryoko- (stare at Washu)

Washu- What?

Ryoko- You called her little Yuga.

Washu- So what? Mihoshi and Kiyone will be here in an hour so I'm gonna do
some work. Shoo! (pushes them out of her laboratory door but gently)

Tenchi- Ok then.

Ryoko- Let's go check out Sakura's new room! Ok with you Sakura?

Sakura- Yep.

Tenchi- (faints)

Ryoko- Tenchi, wake up!

Tenchi- (wakes up) Ho...how...how can she talk already?

Ryoko- Oh. Well I could talk at my birth so she got it from me.

Tenchi- K. Let's just go check out her new room.

Sakura- Ok Daddy.

Ryoko- (chuckles) Come on baby.

They walk into Sakura's new room and find that it has yellow wallpaper with
pictures of Ryo-Ohki eating a carrot all over the walls of the two rooms. It
has a cradle with a mobile over it, a pile of toys and a nightlight in the
bedroom and the nursery was brilliant. It had a futon on the floor if Ryoko
fell asleep in there, another cradle complete with mobile, a huge bookshelf
full of baby and adult books (the baby could read as well as a grown-up as
well as it could talk), another nightlight, a drawer full of baby clothes,
several colouring books, another huge pile of fluffy and educational toys
and a music box that played the one song that Ryoko sang that was a lullaby,
Washu's lullaby. The music box of course only had the music to it, Ryoko
herself could sing the lyrics.

Ryoko- This place is perfect!

Sakura- Yes, mommy.

Tenchi- I think its time to put her to bed, Ryoko. She must be tired.

Sakura- Me, sleepy.

Ryoko- Lets put you to bed then. (puts her in the cradle and starts the
music box)

Tenchi- (sits down)

Ryoko- (sings) April, Roses, Tiny sparrows,

Cornets bright and new,

All belong together with the mystery that is you.

When I see, your little face, I hear a song, from long ago, I think you know

The many secrets I've forgotten.

Generations through the ages

Joined us once somehow

Leading to the miracle that I am holding now

From the sky, and from the sea, upon a breeze, you came to me, you seem to
see

A greater universe than I do...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still, how I hope you always will, keep the memory of the
day

The world was born...

When you wake up I'll be waiting eager for your smile

You've had quite a journey, darling, you should rest a while

When you cry we still rejoice, to hear your voice, oh yes it's true

My sweet Washu

Please understand how much we love you...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Later on perhaps you'll tell

The wondrous things you've seen

More miraculous than dreams

Tell me all about the day the world was born...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still, how I hope you always will, keep the memory of the
day

The world was born...

Sakura- (yawns and falls asleep)

Ryoko- (puts her in her crib) Sleep well, my little cherry blossom.

Tenchi- (whispers) You sing like an angel. That's probably because to me you
are an angel.

Ryoko- (blushes)

Tenchi- Let's go see if Sasami has got-

Sasami- Dinners ready!

Tenchi- Lets go to dinner.

Just then the doorbell rang and Sasami went to answer it.

Sasami- Hi! How may I help...Kiyone! Mihoshi! Are you here for dinner?

Kiyone- Washu invited us round for the night. I'm glad she did that hospital
really sucks!

Sasami- I made enough for you but only just! (giggles)

Mihoshi- Did you make some for me too?

Kiyone- (hits Mihoshi over the head) She meant both of us stupid!

Mihoshi- Ow! Oh, ok!

Kiyone- Sasami, I don't trust Mihoshi wheeling herself in because her
wheelchair will probably get caught and she'll fall on me so can you wheel
her in?

Sasami- Sure!

Sasami wheeled Mihoshi to the table while Kiyone wheeled herself in. Sasami
removed a couple of chairs from the table so Mihoshi and Kiyone could sit
there.

Sasami- WASHU! TENCHI! RYOKO! FATHER! BROTHER YOSHO! Dinners ready!

Tenchi- Coming Sasami!

Ryoko- Coming!

Noboyuki- Be there in a minute!

Katsuhito/Yosho- (arrives and sits down at the table)

Sasami- Hello brother!

Yosho- Hello Sasami.

At that moment Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and Noboyuki walked in and sat down at
the table. Tenchi had a lipstick mark on his cheek and Ryoko was blushing.
Everyone burst out laughing.

Tenchi- What's so funny?

Sasami- (says while still laughing) Tenchi...you've...got...

Washu- A lipstick mark on your face. (laughs)

Tenchi- Huh?

Ryoko- (notices the mark and blushes even more)

Washu- (laughs even harder)

Mihoshi- (holds up a mirror for Tenchi to see but she is still laughing)

Tenchi- ...oops. I'll go wash up.

Ryoko- I'll go with you!

They leave and everyone laughs even harder but in the bathroom...

Ryoko- Aw, man that was so embarrassing!

Tenchi- You weren't the one with the lipstick mark on your face.

Ryoko- But I probably would have had one on my cheek if you were wearing
lipstick.

Tenchi- (blushes) Next time we do that, before we are seen by anyone lets
wash up.

Ryoko- Agreed. Kiss on it? (kisses him)

Tenchi- I've got some on my lips now. Better wash it off. (washes the last
bit off) There! We'd better go to dinner now.

Ryoko- Yeah.

The two of them walk back to the table to find that everyone has stopped
laughing but were biting their tongues to stop the laughter. Mihoshi was the
first one to give in to temptation.

Mihoshi- mmmmm...hahahaha! Can hahaha someone ha pass me the hahahaha rice
balls...hahahahahaha(starts to laugh uncontrollably)

Kiyone- (starts to laugh again)

Washu- (cackles)

Sasami- (laughs uncontrollably)

Tenchi- Ok! Calm down! Lets just eat!

Ryoko- Yeah!

Sasami- Ok...haha! Hee hee!

Ryoko- (face fault)

Tenchi- (face fault) Please?

After everyone had stopped their laughing it took about another few minutes
before the unintentional giggling stopped. Once dinner was over, Ryoko and
Tenchi headed off to the onsen. Ryoko was trying to persuade Tenchi to take
a bath with her.

Ryoko- Come on Tenchi! We're getting married soon for heavens sake! Speaking
of sake...(runs off and grabs a few bottles) Now we're talking!

Tenchi- (grabs a glass of sake from her) Ok Ryoko, but can we go in the mens
bath? I feel uncomfortable going in the women's part.

Ryoko- (gulped down a glass of sake) Sure! Now, I'll see you in a minute...

She blew him a kiss and went to the women's dressing room. Tenchi went to
the men's and put on a white towel while Ryoko put on a blue one. They both
met in the men's side and Ryoko shed her towel when she got in the water.
Tenchi kept his on and blushed at the fact that Ryoko had no towel on. Ryoko
had a plan plotted inside her head and moved over to Tenchi.

Ryoko- Tenchi?

Tenchi- Yes, my Ryoko?

Ryoko- Do you wann-

BOOM! There was a massive explosion in the onsen and the force of the wind
caused Ryoko and Tenchi to be blown onto the wall. Ryoko quickly fazed into
her purple bikini and Tenchi grabbed his swimming trunks. As soon as he had
them on, a man walked from the scene. He had red hair that was spiked like
Tenchi's hair and green eyes. Then another guy walked out, this time a boy.
He had brown hair and brown eyes. Then another couple of men walked out from
the scene and they were dressed in galaxy police uniforms. One of them had
teal coloured curls and the other had blonde hair that was in a tangled
mess. One of the guys dressed in the galaxy police uniform spoke to the
other.

Guy- I told you not to mess with that machine, you idiot!

Other guy- I'm sorry (starts crying)

Guy- Man you are such a clutz!

Just then Mihoshi and Kiyone wheel themselves in to see what had caused the
blast. They both see two men arguing and one of them was crying.

Kiyone- Excuse me?

Guy- What?

Kiyone- Who are you?

Guy- I am Kiyono. You?

Kiyone- My name is Kiyone.

Mihoshi- (points to the guy crying) Who are you?

Other guy- I (sniffs) am 1st class detective Mihosho of the galaxy police.
You? (sniffs)

Mihoshi- I am 1st class detective Mihoshi of the galaxy police.

Mihoshi wheeled forward to see him but slips on some water. Mihosho had
walked forward at the same time and had a tripped over Ryo-Ohki who decided
that now was the time to enter. Both of them landed on their partners who
both shouted at them.

Kiyone- Mihoshi! You complete idiot! (screams with pain and anger)

Kiyono- Mihosho! You complete idiot! (screams also with pain and anger)

They had said this at the same time and were now looking at each other and
blushing.

Mihoshi- I'm sorry Kiyone! (starts crying)

Mihosho- I'm sorry Kiyono! (also starts to cry)

They also said this at the same time and now were looking at each other and
blushing. The guy with the red hair walked forward to Washu.

Guy- Hello. My name is Washoni. I am a genius scientist. (cackles)

Washu- Hello. I am Washu but I am the greatest scientific genius in the
universe! (cackles)

The other boy walks forward to Sasami.

Boy- Hi (spoken shyly) I'm Susimo.

Sasami- Hello. (also spoken shyly) I'm Sasami.

Washu- Enough with the introductions, what happened?

Washoni- I created a device that was capable of dimension jumping and
Mihosho messed with it. A black hole appeared and we all ran away from it
but it sucked us all in.

Washu- So you've ended up coming into our dimension. So your from parallel
dimension. Interesting...

Ryoko- Shouldn't you have me in your dimension? And Tenchi? And Ryo-Ohki?

Just then, two humans and a cabbit shot through the black hole and crashed
into the wall. The cabbit had light brown fur and a yellow oval crystal on
its head. One of the humans had black spiky hair, like Tenchi's, brown eyes
and long hair and the other had cyan spiky hair, like Ryoko's, and yellow
eyes.

Ryoken- Are you alright, Tencho?

Tencho- Yes, I'm fine. Ryi-Ohki, are you ok?

Ryi-Ohki- Meow!

Washu- So you must be the Tenchi, Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki of your dimension, huh?

Ryoken- Who are you? Washoni, who are these people?

Washoni- Call me DAD and I'll tell you!

Ryoken- Ok, DAD, who are these people?

Washoni- Mihosho messed with my machine so we've being sucked into this
dimension.

Ryoken- So we're in a parallel universe.

Washoni- That is correct.

Ryoken- So which ones me?

Ryoko- I am.

Ryoken- But you're a girl.

Ryoko- What's your point?

Ryoken- I'm a boy.

Washoni- (sighs) Look Ryoken, in this dimension we are all of the opposite
sex.

Ryoken- Oh.

Tencho- Which ones me?

Tenchi- I am. You look almost exactly like me but with a female face and
your hair is a bit longer.

Ryoko- Your forgetting something Tenchi. She also has two things that all
men don't have and all women do.

Tenchi- (blushes)

Ryoken- Do you have to suffer with a Mihosho?

Ryoko- She's over there staring into your dimensions version of her. Kiyone
is doing the same thing.

Washu- Well, we'll have to find you guys a way to get back to your own
dimension. I'll need a lab assistant so Washoni come with me.

Washoni- I'm the genius around here so I'll do the major things.

Washu- Well, if you were a genius you might remember that my lab's controls
are different to the ones in your dimension so tough! (she sticks out her
tongue and pulls down the bottom of her eye at him)



Washu walks back to her lab and Washoni follows her. Tencho, Ryoken, Ryoko
and Tenchi walk off together to see how different or how similar they are
leaving behind Sasami, Susimo, Mihosho, Mihoshi, Kiyone and Kiyono just
staring at each other. Kiyone and Kiyono walk off (well Kiyono does but
Kiyone wheels, she's in a wheelchair remember?)to do the same thing as the
others are doing and Mihoshi and Mihosho follow them. That leaves Susimo and
Sasami just staring at each other. They walk off also without knowing that
they were been watched...

Tokimi- Those puny mortals have no idea who they are up against! Ryoko may
have a goddess's powers and Tenchi may have the three lighthawk wings but I
can overcome them. It must be done before they get married! (she looks down
through a section of the sky and watches the baby Sakura as she sleeps) That
baby shall be powerful when she grows up. She already has a copy of one of
her mother's gems and one lighthawk wing! She must be destroyed! D3.

D3- Yes your majesty?

Tokimi- Destroy that child. Along with its mother.

D3- That demon summoner will be destroyed along with her sweet blossom. It
is to me my lady not just an order, but a great pleasure.

Tokimi- Go, my faithful D3, kill the two that are most precious in my
sister's life. She will have the want to fight when her daughter and
granddaughter are gone.

D3- Yes, my lady (he disappears)

Ryoko, Tenchi, Tencho and Ryoken were busy chatting while walking to Washu's
lab...

Ryoko- So, how different is you dimension to ours?

Ryoken- It's not that different. Of course we're all members of the opposite
sex in our dimension to yours.

Ryoko- So do you have a Noboyuki?

Tencho- Oh, do you mean Noboyuka? She's my mother. She's a pervert though
since my father died.

Tenchi- Same here but my mother died and my father the pervert. Wait a
minute, if all of you got sucked into the black hole, where is Noboyuka? And
your version of my grandfather?

Ryoken- Only the ones that were in the house got sucked in. Noboyuka was at
work and Yosha or Katsuhika was at the shrine. That woman is so mysterious.

Tenchi- Did your version of Ayeka...oops.

Ryoko- (starts crying)

Ryoken- (starts to cry too)

Tenchi- I take that as a yes then. (he says while comforting Ryoko)

Tencho- Yes. I battled him because he was trying to kill Ryoken. I killed
him.

Tenchi- It's strange that Ryoko's crying cause she hated Ayeka.

Ryoko- (stops crying) I still classed her as a friend even though we fought
a lot. Her attempts to hurt me were just funny but I can't move if her
guardians use their forcefield. Azaka and Kamidake now belong to Sasami.

Ryoken- I also classed him as a friend. Our version of your Ayeka was called
Ayeki. (stops crying)

They arrived at Washu's lab but Ryoko refused to go in...

Tenchi- But why not, Ryoko!

Ryoko- One word, Sakura.

Tenchi- You're going to check on her?

Ryoko- Yes. Hold on a minute! Where is your version of Sakura?

Tencho- He was being taken for a walk by the guardians so I expect that
they're taking good care of her.

Tenchi- (opens the lab door) I'll go and see if Washu has made you your
rooms.

Ryoken- I'll come with you.

Tencho- I'll go with Ryoko. I want to see your child.

The two of them walk into the lab while Tencho runs after Ryoko. She finds
Ryoko in the nursery feeding the baby.

Tencho- She's gorgeous.

Ryoko- Thanks.

Tencho- Does yours speak full sentences too?

Ryoko- Yes. Say hi to Tencho, Sakura.

Sakura- Hello Tencho. Me hungry still. Me sleepy still.

Tencho- She's a little angel.

Ryoko- (stops feeding her and puts her over her shoulder and pats her back)

Sakura- BURP!

Ryoko- Yeah. It's about time she goes back to sleep. Who sings your lullaby?

Tencho- Ryoken does.

Ryoko- (puts Sakura back in her cradle and starts to sing the lullaby)

April, roses, tiny sparrows

Cornets bright and new

All belong together with the mystery that is you

When I see, your little face, I hear a song, from long ago, I think you know

The many secrets I've forgotten

Generations through the ages

Joined us once somehow

Leading to the miracle that I am holding now

From the sky and from the sea

Upon a breeze you came to me, you seem to see

A greater universe than I do...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still, how I hope you always will, keep the memory of the
day

The world was born...

When you wake up I'll be waiting

Eager for your smile

You've had quite a journey, darling

You should rest a while

When you cry, we still rejoice, to hear your voice, oh yes its true

My sweet Washu

Please understand how much we love you...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Later on perhaps you'll tell

The wondrous things you've seen

More miraculous than dreams

Tell me all about the day

The world was born...

Sleep my baby, Sleep my baby

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still, how I hope you always will, keep the memory of the
day

The world was born...

Tencho- Ryoken sings the same thing but sings 'my sweet Washoni' while you
sing 'my sweet Washu'.

Ryoko- (smiles) Look, she's asleep. Lets see how the guys are doing...

Tenchi- (whispers) Hi Ryoko. (kisses her)

Ryoko- (whispers) Hi.

Ryoken- (whispers) Hi Tencho.

Tencho- (kisses him and whispers) Hi.

They all walkout of the nursery and go back downstairs.

Ryoko- So, where'd Washu put the extra rooms?

Tenchi- She put Ryoken and Tencho's next to the nursery, Susimo is sleeping
in the same room as Sasami does now. Mihosho and Kiyono are sharing Mihoshi
and Kiyone's room in the attic and Washoni is sleeping in one of the rooms
in Washu's sleeping quarters.

Ryoko- We'll lead you guys back up to your room.

Ryoko and Tenchi lead Ryoken and Tencho back up to their room and leave them
to get sorted. Meanwhile in Washu's lab.

Kiyone- Hurry up Washu!

Washu- Don't rush me, there! Your lift is installed.

The attic had stairs to get into it but Mihoshi and Kiyone obviously
couldn't get into their room so Washu installed a lift where the stairs had
been and put a lift next to the main staircase. (the one that leads to the
first floor)

Kiyone- Good. Washu, have you put in-

Washu- Yes, I've put in two extra single beds in the attic for Mihosho and
Kiyono. Try to have a little more faith in me. Now, buzz off!

Kiyone- (exits the lab to meet her partner and the two others outside)

Mihosho- So, did you get the lift installed?

Kiyono- (hits his partner over the head) Mihosho! Isn't it a bit obvious
when there is a lift right next to you?

Mihosho- (starts crying) I'm sorry!

Kiyone- Let's just go already!

Kiyono- I agree.

Mihoshi and Kiyone wheel into the lift and the other two climb the stairs.
They meet each other at the top.

Mihoshi- That was fun!

Kiyone- (face faults)

Mihosho- Can I go on it next time?

Kiyono- (face fault) You are going on it now, Mihosho.

Mihosho- Yey! (claps his hands with glee and starts to jump up and down)

The four of them get on the lift that gets to the attic in one tenth of a
second.

Mihoshi and Mihosho- That was fun!

Kiyone and Kiyono- I feel sick.

Mihoshi- Come on Kiyone!

Mihosho- Come on Kiyono!

Mihosho tries to help Mihoshi get out of her wheelchair and onto the bed but
then Sasami shouts of them.

Sasami- KARAOKE TIME!

Mihoshi- Yay!

The four of took about another minute before they got downstairs where the
others were.

Washu- Who's going first? We are! Come on guys!

Ryoko and Sasami- (walk onto the mini stage were Washu has instruments for
them)

Sasami- (picks up a guitar)

Washu- (seats herself behind the drums)

Ryoko- What are we singing?

Washu- (whispers to her)

Ryoko- (face brightens up)

Just then, a giant T.V screen came up where the window was and showed Tenchi
walking to school when all the girls had left (see Tenchi Universe episode
26).

Ryoko- I'm going to sing, Dimension of Love. Get the tape going Washu!

Washu- (starts the tape)

Ryoko- (waits until Tenchi has said 'the carnival has gone' then starts to
sing)

Where the Cherry Blossom starts to bloom

Meet me here in my lonely room

We'll find our passion filled fantasy, and this time you will stay with me

All the misery we knew before

Stays away when you are at my door

My heart will sing at every tender touch

I'll know, that you will want me twice as much

A new dimension of love

A bold adventure waiting for you

Washu and Sasami- (singing) OO, OO

Ryoko- The true dimension of love

Washu and Sasami- Waiting for you

Ryoko- A soaring fire dazzling view

We're gonna take it all the way

We'll make the dream so totally real

Washu and Sasami- OO,OO

Ryoko- See greater wonders by the day

Washu and Sasami- Wonders by day

Ryoko- That tell the stars what a glorious rapture we feel

Soon, with the starry spring you will know our hearts a changing

Leave our hurt behind I'll be true and kind

Be the best thing you'll ever find

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- We don't ever have to cry or fight

Something tells me we can make it right

Ryoko- Enough of wandering far and wide

I just can't forget you though I try

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- This is destiny so why pretend

Close your eyes kiss me once again

Ryoko- I'll always be the only one you need

So go, where your deepest longing leads

Washu and Sasami- OO,oo,oo,ooooo,oo

Oooooo,oooo

Ryoko- A new dimension of love

A bold adventure waiting for you

Washu and Sasami- Oooo

Ryoko- A true dimension of love

Washu and Sasami- Waiting for you

Ryoko- A soaring fire, dazzling view

We're gonna take it all the way

We'll make the dream so totally real

Washu and Sasami- Oooo

Ryoko- See greater wonders by the day

Washu and Sasami- Wonders by day

Ryoko- That tell the stars what a glorious rapture we feel

Soon, in the April breeze

We will bring alive the mem'ries

Yes I'm sure we will

Bring back everything

Make the moment lovelier still

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- Where the cherry blossom starts to bloom

Meet me here in my lonely room

Ryoko- We'll find our passion filled fantasy

And this time you will stay with me

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- All the misery we knew before

Stays away when you're at my door

Ryoko- My heart will sing at every tender touch

And you, will want me twice as much (much carried on)

Washu and Sasami- We don't ever have to cry or fight

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- Something tells me we can make it right

Ryoko- Enough of wandering far and wide

I can't forget you though I try

Washu, Ryoko and Sasami- This is destiny so why pretend

Close your eyes kiss me once again

Ryoko- I'll always be the only one you'll need

So go, where your deepest longing leads...

Washu and Sasami- His destiny, oooo.

His destiny, oooo.

Everyone- (claps enthusiasticly as they finish singing and the video stops)

Ryoko- Remember that my Tenchi?

Tenchi- Yeah. I was so happy when you were ok.

Washu- Who's next?!

The rest of that night was spent on the karaoke machine. Luckily Sakura's
rooms were soundproof or she would never have kept asleep. When everyone
woke up they found that they had all gotten completely plastered, including
Sasami, and were wearing fuzzy Ryo-Ohki costumes supplied by Little Washu.
Ryo-Ohki herself was wearing a fuzzy carrot costume. Just then, D3 burst
into the house.

D3- Demon summoner!

Ryoko- Huh? (she had one hell of a hangover)

D3- Die!

Ryoko would have been sliced in two if Washu hadn't of put a force field
around her. Washu could get drunk but because of some scientific fluid she
put in her blood, she couldn't get a hangover.

D3- (said as he got a powerful electric shock) Damn you Lady Washu!

Washu- (smiles wickedly) You need to be a water spirit to sort out your
functions. (she brought up her computer and pressed a key)

D3 turned into a little frog-like creature and started running around. (see
episode 4 of Tenchi Universe) He was incapable of using his powers so Washu
created an energy ball and disintegrated him.

Washu- I am a genius! (cackles)

Her little dolls came out of her hair and were about to praise her but Ryoko
threw an energy ball at them and they exploded.

Washu- Hey!

Ryoko- Mom, we don't want to listen to you at the moment but have you got
any anti-hangover potions?

Washu- Yep! I'll get it. (brought up her computer and cups full of fluid
appeared in everybodys hands except Washoni's because he had had the same
fluid as Washu) Drink it!

Everybody- (drank the fluid and stood up immediately as they woke up)

Washu- (smiles) Another one of my perfect inventions!

Since Ryoko had destroyed dolls A and B, Washu's back-up dolls C and D came
out of her hair.

Doll C- You're the greatest Washu!

Doll D- Everyone's life is better thanks to you Washu!

Washu- (cackles as the dolls go back into her hair)

In the dimension of the three goddesses...

Tokimi- How could you Washu! I must create another! My last two servants D1
and D2 went because of Tsunami and now you have destroyed D3! My new servant
D4 however shall be much more powerful.

Ryoko- Washu, what happened here?

Washu- Ryoko, you don't have to bother about D3 anymore. I just destroyed
him, although my sister isn't gonna be happy.

Ryoko- Wahoo!

Washu- Tsunami destroyed her first two, D1 and D2, so she's gonna create
another.

Ryoko- D'oh!

Tenchi- So, what are we gonna do then?

Washu- Well, Washoni and myself will go to create a dimension portal and...

Mihoshi- Yeah?

Washu- ...MIHOSHI AND MIHOSHO STAY OUT OF MY LAB!

Mihoshi and Mihosho- Aww... but we wanna help!

Washu- NO!

Ryoko- (laughs)

Kiyone and Kiyono- (shakes their heads)



Author's note- Well, there ya have it! The updated version of my fic. I know
that all u Ayeka fans will be upset but don't worry about it! If I decide to
write a sequel, Ayeka will come back. Ok? If I don't get enough e-mails
saying that u want a sequel then I won't write one. I am evil
Ryoko...mwahahahahahahaha...hmm. I know that I have written some lyrics in
here but that's ok, innit? Ok, so if you wanna sequel or if you wanna say
that I shouldn't do more cause I'm crap, then e-mail me at
petaholic2001@hotmail.com

(c) Copyright 2001 Emily Colley
