                            A Black Rose
                              Part Two

                             By: Zylle

        *I’m sorry, Umi,* Bala thought in despair as she closed her eyes, *I
have
failed you.  You, you and billions of others.  There is nothing I can do
now.*
        “Search the ship,” the blond man ordered the remaining guards as he
looked
up.
        Bala opened her eyes again and watched in agony as the men entered
her
vessel.  But her agony wasn’t because of the pain that now rippled up her
body from her arm.  *Please forgive me, Umi,* she repeated as she looked up
at the sky, *I’m so sorry.*
        After several minutes, the men descended from the ship again.  Bala
gasped.
They were empty-handed.  *They didn’t find them!  But how?*
        “What’s wrong?  Where is she?”  The blond man demanded in anger.
        “There is no one inside the ship, your highness,” one of the
soldiers
replied.  The man turned to Bala.
        “Where is she?”  He said again, in a deadly tone.  She simply looked
at him
in hatred and didn’t respond.  He slapped her across the face and screamed,
“where is Umi?”
        “I would rather die than tell you,” Bala replied just as coldly,
ignoring
the urge to lick away the blood dribbling down the corner of her lips.  She
wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.
        “Perhaps we can arrange that, your majesty,” the blond man sneered.
He
nodded to one of his men and he stepped forward.  His knee came up and
kicked her in the stomach.  She fell to the ground.
        As blackness overtook her, she heard voices yelling and a door
shutting
behind her.  Then the sheet of darkness came over her, and she remembered
nothing.
                                  ***
        “Suzu, Suzu!”  A young Bala around age nine called in a field filled
with
wild flowers.  “Come and get me, Suzu!”  She giggled as she ran.
        “I’m coming, Bala,” a tall, thin woman with gray hair tied into a
short
pony-tail and twinkling, wise blue eyes replied and smiled broadly.  The
one, most noticeable feature of her face was the large, jagged scar tracing
down her cheek.  “You’re just too fast for me, slow down,” she laughed as
she purposefully stayed behind her.
        “I’m gonna beat you, I’m gonna beat you!”  Bala exclaimed as she
skipped
towards a large palace.  She stopped and looked back at Suzu for a moment
and the older woman grabbed her.  Bala squealed and struggled as Suzu
tickled her.
        Suddenly two guards and a man with a golden crown, red hair and
beard, with
purple eyes stepped out into the field from the castle.
        “Papa!”  Bala cried as she ran to the man.  He reached down to hug
her and
then pulled her up to the sky above him.  He held her in his arms.
        “Hello, Sweetheart,” he said as he grinned.  He turned his gaze to
Suzu and
the smile faded.
        “Your highness,” Suzu said respectfully and bowed, “I see you’re
doing
well.”
        “Yes,” he responded gravely and set Bala down.  Bala seemed
confused, but
simply clung to his leg and looked up at Suzu as well.  Her father put a
comforting hand on her head.  “I need to speak with you.”
        “Of course,” she answered and they walked off into the fields.  Bala
tried
to follow, but her father stopped her as he looked back.
        “Bala, we need to speak privately,” he said and turned again.
        “But -- but --” Bala protested.
        “It’s all right, Bala, I’ll be back in a moment,” Suzu said
soothingly as
she also turned.
        “Keep an eye on her while we’re gone,” her father said over his
shoulder to
the soldiers.  Bala’s eyes filled with unexplainable tears as they left.
She sensed something, but couldn’t understand what.
        “Yes, your majesty,” they replied.  They were gone for only a few
minutes
before the guards heard swords clashing in the distance.
        “What the --” one guard said as he turned to the other.  They ran
back into
the mansion and more guards came out and shouted to each other as they
progressed towards the sounds.  Bala bit her lip and followed them.
        The noises died suddenly as they came to the spot where they had
heard them
come from.  Eerie silence prevailed as they went in.  In the sudden
darkness, two silhouettes lay on the ground and one man on his feet, with a
sword in hand.  The man standing looked up at the approaching soldiers and
ran off into the shadows.
        “After him!”  One guard cried and four soldiers ran off in pursuit.
But
Bala’s eyes were on the two figures on the ground.  She ran to them.
        “Papa!” She screamed as she recognized him.  She ran to his side and
grabbed his hand, sobbing.  She touched his flowing robes, and they were
damp with blood.  “Papa, wake up!  Papa?”  Through her teary eyes she saw
Suzu lying beside him, a deep wound through her chest.  “Suzu!”  Bala
shrieked and ran to her side as well, in a futile
attempt to revive her.  “Papa, Suzu, wake up, please!  Wake up...”
        It began raining as she continued muttering in grief.  The guards
looked on
in sadness as she continued.  “Papa!  Suzu!”  Her screams echoed around her
as her tears fell over their cold faces along with the rain.  Finally, one
of the soldiers walked to Bala’s side and took her in his arms.  “No, let me
go!”  Bala screamed and pounded her
captor with her fists in sudden fury.  “Let me go!  Let me go...”
        She closed her eyes in defeat as the man turned and walked away.
Suddenly
her eyes opened again, red and swollen.  She went into a wild fit and
conflicted to get loose, screeching uncontrollably.  “Papa!  Suzu!”  She
screamed, throwing a hand out at the bodies on the field’s floor in a
desperate effort to reach them.  “Noooo!”
        Bala gasped as she snapped open her eyes.  She scrambled to a
sitting
position and looked around.  She was in a small room, plated in steel on all
walls and the floor, with a small door in one corner, the farthest away from
her.  Other than that, there was nothing about the room that was worth
remembering.  The floor was cold and Bala stood
and walked around to stay warm.  *Isolation.  If he thinks I’ll break
because of this, he’s gravely mistaken.  Even if I knew where Umi was, I
would never tell him.*  She felt her belt.  *Of course I don’t have my
weapons, why would they leave them with me?*
        Suddenly a screen appeared above her and she looked up.  The
blond-haired
man smirked as she looked at him in a pure loathing glare.
        “I see you’ve finally awakened,” he said with little pity.
        Bala said nothing.
        The man cleared his throat and continued, “I’ll just tell you this
much.
You’ll remain inside that cell until you tell me where Umi is.”
        “A threat?”  Bala spat.  “My life is worth little compared to hers.
I
suppose you won’t be feeding me, either.”
        “I considered that, but you’re more valuable alive than dead.”
        “Oh?”
        “For ransom.  Someone has to be with the child, and soon the news of
your
capture will reach their ears.”
        “I see.”
        “You will be brought food once a day every day, until Umi is found
or you
indulge her location.”
        “Do what you like,” Bala snorted obstinately, “it means nothing.”
        “We will see,” he responded, “we will see.”
                                ***
        *Days and nights, nights and days.  What’s the difference in this
hole?*
Bala thought.  She had a lot of time to do that now.  *I couldn’t keep track
of time even if I wanted to.*
        She had been interrogated several times now.  She was sore from the
torture.  And, of course, they had told her they were being merciful by
giving her little punishment.  Bala sat scrunched up in a corner, finding
nothing better to do than sit and let her mind wander.  *I’m glad Washu
can’t see me now.*
        She had decided appearing weak was her only defense.  It wasn’t a
difficult
task.  If she did that, the guards would assume she WAS weak, in which case
she may be able to escape.  *But where can I go?  There aren’t any ships
around here.  Besides, I’m an outlaw out there now.*  She closed her eyes a
moment.  *It seems as though I have no
hope.*
        She sighed as she opened her eyes again.  She suddenly remembered a
conversation she had had with Washu in what seemed like centuries ago.
        “What is it, Bala?  You scowl as if we’ve lost all hope.”
        Bala looked down at the squatting Washu.  “We’ve never lost all
hope,
Washu.”
        *We’ve never lost all hope,* Bala repeated in her mind.  *I can
still
escape.  Perhaps Washu will come to save me.  If not, than I will find a way
out myself.  I won’t give in.  That’s what he wants.*  She smiled.  *And
that’s one thing I CAN keep from him.*
        Her door suddenly opened.  Bala quickly wiped the smile from her
face.  Not
that it was hard to do.  The large, muscular guard held a small tray with
one piece of bread and a glass of water.  *Dinner is served,* Bala thought
cynically as she reached for the plate.  The guard pulled it away.
        “Your majesty,” he said insultingly and bowed low, his brawn bulging
in the
movement.  Bala grabbed the plate and ignored him.  He always did that.  He
laughed his deep laugh and left.
        *He never seems to tire of that joke,* she thought as she stared at
the
contents of her tray.  She placed it on the floor in front of her and
continued her stare, as if concentrating.  *I’ll save it for later,* she
thought as she pushed it farther away.  *But oh,
how I long for Sasami’s cooking again.*  She shook her head.  *Mustn’t think
of it,* she told herself, *it will only make me hungrier.*
        A familiar screen came up, and Bala groaned.  “That’s no way to
greet your
king,” the man leered in mock seriousness.
        “You aren’t my king,” Bala replied with little passion.  “You killed
the
real one, didn’t you?”
        “Tut, tut,” he retorted.
        “Get on with it,” Bala growled, “your little visits are hardly the
highlight of my day.”
        “Then I’ll just get to the point,” he said as if she never
interrupted,
“now, where is Umi?”
        “How much is it worth to you?”  Bala sighed in pretended defeat.
        “Your freedom.”
        She forced a chuckle.  “You’ll have to do better than that.”
        “Freedom and your cleared name?”
        She tapped her chin in feigned thought.  “No, you must give me --”
        “Money?  What?”
        “-- My planet’s freedom.”
        He laughed.  “I will not be controlled by you, Bala.  You will
remain in
there until you tell me Umi’s whereabouts.”
        *Well, that conversation lasted longer than most, at least,* Bala
thought
as the screen disappeared.  *Alone.  Again.*
        No sound was heard as she stared ahead, motionless.  Not even the
patter of
the nearby guard’s feet reached her.  Her walls were much too thick.
        *Alone.  Again.*
        Life was a poor existence inside those walls.  Any normal person
would have
gone mad by now, considering how long she assumed she’d been there.  But
then again, Bala wasn’t a normal person.
        *Alone.  Again.*
        Bala crept back into her corner and got in the most comfortable
position
she could think of.  Sleep was not elusive here, despite the uncomfortable
steel floor.  She closed her eyes and focused on getting rest.  *I’ll need
it,* she thought groggily, *for my escape.  I’ll need all the energy
possible.  But now --*
        But she could not finish the thought before slumber slowly overtook
her.
                                  ***
        Bala woke to the jolt of her cell.  She slipped to the other end of
the
room and her back slammed against the wall.  It forced a grunt from her as
she attempted to stand and find her balance.  *What’s going on?*  She
thought as she prevented further injury to herself by flailing her hands out
to hit the walls first.  She slipped to the door of her room and held on to
the bars.
        “He -- hello!”  She cried as she was nearly upside down.  She still
held
the door and screamed again, “hello!  What’s going on out there?”
        The guards slipped back and forth as well.  “Pirates!  Pirates are
attacking!”  They bellowed in response.  If Bala had had the breath, she
would have gasped.  *Pirates!  What do they want with this ship?  They
certainly have nothing of value here, and what are they doing in this
galaxy, anyway?*  A certain thought struck her almost like a physical blow.
*Are they here to raid earth?*
        The ship continued to rock as gunshots were plainly heard outside.
*Will
they destroy the ship?  If they do, at least Umi will be safe -- wherever
she is.*  Suddenly her door burst open and she flew across the room.
        Two pirates entered the room with large guns and when they spotted
Bala,
they pointed them at her.  Another figure slowly entered as Bala watched
them, trying desperately to find her balance again.  He was a tall man with
silvery black hair and piercing red eyes.  Those eyes probably caused most
to fear him when he frowned, Bala decided, painting as much dignity as
possible on her face as he stepped forward.  He motioned for the men to take
her and they obeyed almost instantly.  Bala found no reason to try and
escape, so she quietly accepted defeat.
        She had not truly known how weak she was until she was running
through the
tunnels of the ship, a pirate soldier holding each of her arms.  *Why have
they taken me as a hostage instead of just killing me on the spot?  I am of
no use to them, unless --* But she had no time to finish the thought as they
stopped at a long hall.  One of the soldiers
yelled over the confusion, “transport beam!”
        They were suddenly inside another ship.  *The pirate ship,* Bala
presumed
as they continued down more halls, these ones deathly quiet.  *No one is
inside,* Bala thought, *of course.  Why would anyone be in here as a plunder
is in progress?*
        Bala’s heart sank as they came in sight of another cell.  *I am to
be a
prisoner -- again,* Bala thought as they threw her inside.  She simply found
a corner and sat as they slammed the door behind her.  Several minutes
passed as she absent-mindedly probed her ribs for bruises.
        “Whatcha in for?”  A unsteady, gruff voice suddenly said, destroying
the
silence.  Bala tried to stand up as she heard this, but found she could not
and groaned as she sat again.  The voice sounded again, this time cackling.
        “Who are you?”  Bala finally managed to croak.  Her throat was very
dry.
        “I’m probably stronger than you right now, pretty miss,” the voice
continued, ignoring her question.  “Were circumstances different and I three
times younger, I would throw myself at your feet.”
        “Who are you?”  She repeated, not letting the comment get to her.
She knew
it was suppose to be a complement, but the way he said it bothered her.  She
was not used to such pointed remarks, but she WAS used to ignoring some
things.  It reminded Bala of water rolling off the back of a duck.
        “I’m Ginn,” the voice replied, “and you?”
        “Bala,” she said shortly.  They sat in silence a moment.
        “Here,” Ginn said as he pushed a bowl of water towards her.
“Drink.”
        Bala reached for the bowl and took two long gulps.  She felt as
though she
was drinking in life itself, the water tasted so good on her throat.  She
set the bowl back down and pushed it back to the shadow in the other corner.
  “Thank you.”
        Ginn took the bowl and set it back beside him before responding.  “I
repeat,” he began, “what are you in here for?”
        “Nothing but serving my people,” Bala answered with some bitterness.
The
laughing began again.
        “Are you some kind of queen?”  He asked mockingly, not expecting an
answer.
        “Yes,” Bala returned, “I am.”
                                  ***
          *Silence.  He does not believe me,* Bala thought as she studied
the old
man in front of her.  *He must have been here a very long time.*  The
pirates had left her in there with Ginn for days, bringing food regularly.
It was more food than Bala was used to, and she usually gave it to Ginn.
She still could not understand why the pirates would waste good food to keep
them alive, but she wouldn’t question it.  Every time she woke, she did so
with the vile, sour taste of sleep coating her tongue.  Her wounds and
bruises had healed.  These pirates didn’t torture unless they found a reason
to, which they did
not.  She had gained strength, but had wisely hidden it.  They also did not
know Bala was of royalty.  *Perhaps I should not have told him,* she
thought, *but he is in the same situation, and probably has longed for a
companion within these walls.*  She thought of her own time in solitary
confinement.  *He will not betray me.*
        Ginn had not spoken to her since their greeting on the first day of
Bala’s
capture.  *He sits there, without a word.  He must be used to not speaking,
but one would think he had a lot to say with someone here to listen...*  But
Bala would not speak until he did.
She recalled something Washu had once said...
        They stood in silence a moment as Washu continued working on her
invention.
  Sparks flew as she stood over it with goggles in place.
        “When will this be done?”  Bala finally asked.
        “‘The one who speaks first shows anxiousness, and in so doing, loses
ground,’” Washu quoted as she stopped and looked back up at her.
        Bala closed her eyes as she remembered it.  *No,* she thought.  *I
will not
utter a word until he does.*  She looked back at Ginn.  He had long,
silver-like gray hair from lack of cutting and wore worn, tattered and
stained clothes.  Although dimmed with age, his eyes were an emerald green.
        “You refuse to talk?”  The words snapped Bala back into reality and
she
looked at Ginn in surprise.  She composed herself quickly.
        “I was waiting for you to speak first,” Bala replied truthfully.
        He smiled, revealing healthy teeth.  “A wise choice,” he said.
        Bala waited.
        Ginn sucked in a breath and continued, “but I have questions.”
        “There is nothing to tell,” she said quickly, trying to keep her
voice
level and nonchalant.  She pretended to study her surroundings.  She did not
want him to question her further, the less that was known about herself, the
better.
        “Ah, I doubt that,” Ginn chuckled.  “I would like to know how a
queen such
as you ended up in here.  You must be outside your galaxy if these pirates
do not recognize you.”
        “A shrewd observation,” Bala answered absently as she plucked a
stray
thread from her dress.
        “How is it a queen is not on her own planet or even her own galaxy?
Surely
you have no relations here,” he pressed on.
        “I was being pursued by these pirates.  My intentions were to
out-run them,
but our energy had drained as we had tried to escape, and that is why I am
here now,” Bala lied.
        Ginn nodded, seeming slightly disappointed.  “And where are the
others on
your ship?”
        “I don’t know.  They’re probably dead.”
        Ginn nodded again and leaned back into his corner.  He sighed,
seeming
content with her story.  *Good,* Bala thought as she watched him, *hopefully
he won’t ask again.*
        “And you?”  Bala asked.  She had not wanted to encourage further
discussion, but felt compelled to do so.  Ginn looked back up at her.
        “Hm?”  He muttered.
        “Why are you here?”
        “Oh,” Ginn groaned, “it’s a long, depressing story.  Let an old man
sleep.
I’ll tell you later.”
        Bala sighed and leaned into her corner too.  *Either he does not
want me to
know, or he truly is tired,* Bala thought as she closed her eyes, *either
way, I’ll get the truth from him.  He may be able to help.*
        Ginn began to snore.  Bala would have rolled her eyes were they not
closed,
but she simply tried to ignore the noise and soon fell fast asleep.
                                 ***
        “Bala, Bala...”  An echoing voice called.  “Wake up, Bala.”
        She was in the royal fields of her planet again, but this time she
was
alone -- and an adult in rich clothing.  “Bala...”  The strangely familiar
voice said again.  She looked all around her, but no one to which the voice
belonged was present.  “Bala...”
        She ran towards the voice, through the maze of the gardens.  She ran
and
ran, and the voice continued to call to her.  “Bala...”  She finally reached
a clearing in the fields, and a tall, thin woman stood in the center,
clothed in a long white dress that reached her ankles, blowing like a flag
in the wind.  “Bala...”
        Bala came forward and immediately recognized the figure.  “Suzu!”
She
cried as she ran to her.  But Suzu did not move.  “Suzu, it’s me, Bala!”
        Suzu said nothing.
        “Don’t you remember me?”  Bala nearly whimpered, as emotions she
didn’t
understand flooded her.  Tears filled her eyes as Suzu still did not answer.
  She fell to her knees in front of Suzu and stared at her, wiping the tears
away almost angrily.  “Please, Suzu!  You were my only friend.”
        “Bala...” Suzu said again.  “You must wake up...”
        “I am awake!”  Bala screamed as she stood again.  Hot tears freely
ran down
her face.
        “Bala...” Suzu said.  The ground suddenly began shaking.  Bala fell
to the
ground again because of it, and she tried desperately to hold onto a shrub
to the side.  “Bala!”
        Bala awoke with a start.  She was against a wall away from her
corner, and
she suddenly slipped to the other side as the ship tipped.
        “Bala, are you awake?”  Ginn yelled, on the other end of the room,
now
slipping too.
        “Oh no -- not this -- again,”  Bala managed to say as they slipped
to the
other end again.
        “This has -- happened to you -- before?”  Ginn cried.  Shrill alarms
began
to sound and Bala tried to cover her ears.
        Then, all the shaking ceased as suddenly as it had begun.
        Bala stood in shock and looked at Ginn, the same expression on his
face as
well.  He ran to the door and put his ear up to hear.  “They’re shouting,”
Ginn said, “and running around.  What’s going on?”
        “Another attack, perhaps?”  Bala offered.  *But who would attack a
pirate
ship?*
        Their door rushed open and two guards came in frantically, looking
around.
“There she is,” one guard said as he grabbed Bala by one of her shoulders.
She dared not struggle and looked at Ginn for a moment before going through
the door with the two soldiers.
        She was led to a large room with gadgets and a screen on the wall,
and a
small platform stood in the middle.  The guards dropped Bala on the platform
and she got to her feet as the screen lit up.  “Washu!”  Bala gasped as she
identified the woman looking at her.
        “Hey, Bala, how’s it going?”  Washu said as though they had seen
each other
yesterday.
        “What took you so long?”  Bala demanded as she brushed herself off,
neglecting the scientist’s salutation.  Washu grinned.
        “It took us a while to get Ryoko and Ayeka to agree to come with us,
and
just as much time to locate you,” she explained.
        “How did you get the pirates to allow this?”
        “A little -- bargaining had to be done,” Washu said with another
grin.
        *That explains the ship shaking,* Bala thought in disgust.  “What’s
going
to be done with me?”
        “You’ll be transported onto Ryo-Ohki,” Washu replied.  Bala furrowed
her
eyebrows in thought a moment.
        “Can you get the pirates to do one more favor?”
        “And what’s that?”
        “An old man that was in my cell,” Bala answered, “I would like him
freed
too.”
        Washu seemed surprised for a second, but quickly calmed herself.
“Hm,”
Washu said as she stroked her chin.  “I’ll see.”  The screen went out for a
few minutes.  This gave Bala time enough to taste the heavy sleep in her
mouth.  She frowned in aversion as the screen came back on.  Washu was
laughing hysterically.
        Bala waited a instant before asking, “well?”
        “These pirates -- they’re such cowards!”  Washu succeeded in saying
before
she burst into giggles again.  Bala kept her jaw set.  She was not in the
mood for jests.
        “Well?”  She repeated impatiently.
        Washu waved her hand to give herself some time to breathe.  “They
said
yes,” she finally responded.  Bala let go a breath she didn’t know she was
holding.  “So,” Washu continued, “what’s so important about this guy?”
        “He has been a prisoner here for years,” Bala replied quickly.
Washu
raised an eyebrow for a moment, but when she noticed Bala’s hard stare she
simply nodded, not questioning her decision further.  They waited only
seconds before Ginn was brought by another pair of guards.  Bala smiled at
him briefly to encourage him.  He looked back at her with wide eyes and an
open mouth bobbing up and down like a fish gasping for air.  He finally
nodded at her and looked at the screen.
        “What -- what --”  Ginn stuttered as he pointed at Washu.
        “Sssh,” Bala said and looked back at Washu.  “Transport.”
        “Aye aye,” Washu said and saluted as she pressed a button.  A blue
light
began to slowly travel up their legs, and Ginn looked down at his feet in
alarm.  Bala remained calm and looked forward as Washu’s screen went out
again.  As the beam traveled up to their faces, Bala closed her eyes and
smiled.  *Umi,* she thought, *I’m coming, just hold
on a little longer.*
        And they were gone in a flash of light.
                                  ***
        “Ba -- Ba -- Bala, what’s...going on?”  Ginn stammered as they
appeared on
another ship.  Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Tenchi stood in front of
them.
        “Who’s this guy?”  Ryoko asked, ignoring his question.  Washu
answered her
with a poke in the ribs with her elbow.  Ryoko glared back, but was silent.
        “Welcome back, Bala,” Tenchi continued.  “Hello, sir.”
        Ginn did not answer as he glanced around with wide eyes, taking in
the room
and details around him.  “Bala...”
        “Ginn, you are safe from the pirates now,” Bala explained, “you are
free.”
        “Fr -- free?”  Ginn faltered.
        “Yes,” Bala replied and then looked at Washu, “we should go now.
Pirates
are known to be fickle.”  Ryoko gave her a look.
        Washu waved her hand at the suggestion.  “They won’t try anything.”
        Bala nodded and cast her gaze back at Ginn.  She nearly smiled in
amusement
at his amazement of the ship he found himself in, but did not as she
recalled her reason for having taken him along too.  *If he does not believe
me,* Bala shuddered, *I don’t even want to think of the consequences.*
        “Bala, you shouldn’t run off like you did,” Mihoshi scolded gently,
“we
were all worried sick.”
        Then Bala did smile.  *Good.  Washu has kept them in the dark.*  “I
won’t
do it again, Mihoshi.”
        Tenchi suddenly looked at her strangely, with an expression on his
face
Bala could not read.  *Does he know?*  She thought as she stole a glance at
Washu.
        She was not given time to wonder further before they landed.
                                  ***
        “Earth?  You brought us back to earth?”  Bala blurted, something she
rarely
did.
        “Yes, it’s where we live,” Washu said sarcastically, with a tinge of
warning in her voice.  Bala folded her arms in response and looked away,
trying to remain calm.
        *Why, out of all the planets, did she take me back to earth?*  She
pondered
as her mind raced with probabilities and dangers.  She stopped in
mid-thought and looked around her.  *Of course,* she mused, *the others
would get suspicious if I were taken somewhere else.  And so would Ginn.*
She straightened and concentrated on keeping her eyes from revealing her
thoughts.
        She searched around her, her eyes taking in every detail.  They were
in the
clearing where she had once landed weeks ago, but her ship was gone.  *Did
they take it?*  She wondered as Washu led the way back to the house.
        “Home, sweet home,” Washu grinned.  Bala could not bring herself to
do the
same.  She had far too many questions that she needed answered.  *And the
most pressing concern,* she thought and nearly frowned, *is the one
question: where is Umi?*
        They went inside and Sasami looked up as they entered.  “Hey, guys,
welcome
back!”  She smiled warmly.  Bala immediately brightened.
        *Her cheerfulness is contagious,* she smiled.  Her thoughts were
interrupted as she heard a small gasp.
        “Bala!”  Sasami cried and ran to her, hugging her legs.
        “Hello, Sasami,” Bala replied and hugged her back, “it’s good to see
you
again.”
        “I missed you,” Sasami added as she let go of her.
        “I missed you too,” Bala responded.  She noticed Ginn shift his feet
nervously and she turned her eyes toward him but did not move her head.
        “Oh!”  Sasami exclaimed as she noticed Ginn.  “A visitor!  I’m
sorry, I
better get supper finished.”  She ran back into the kitchen.
        “I’ll help,” Mihoshi volunteered and walked over to her.
        “Ginn,” Bala said as she turned to him, “come with me.  I’ll get you
settled.”
        Ginn followed behind her, looking around anxiously as they went up
the
stairs.  Bala took him to Tenchi’s room.  “Here,” she said as she handed him
a pair of clothes, “you should change and take a shower.  You can come down
to eat when you’re ready.”
        “I...I can’t thank you enough,” he mumbled meekly.  Bala nodded and
forced
a smile.
        “I am not the one to thank,” she replied, “Washu is.”
        She walked out to give him privacy and went to her own room.  She
sat on
the bed, untouched for a week, and sighed.
                                   ***
        “I’ve never seen such beauty!”  Ginn exclaimed as he and Bala
strolled
through the woods near the Masaki shrine.
        “Hush,” Bala scolded gently, “you’ll scare the birds away.”
        Ginn merely laughed and gazed at the sky as they walked.  They
continued in
silence a few minutes, with the background noises of birds chirping.  *I
never really noticed this as such extraordinary beauty myself,* she thought,
*I’ve been too preoccupied with other things.  Earth truly is a wonderful
planet.*  Bala suddenly remembered all the questions she had yet to ask
Washu and sighed.
        “Something wrong?”  Ginn asked.  Bala snapped her attention back to
him,
but remained silent.  “Answer enough,” he said after a moment.
        Ginn waited, but Bala did not retort.
        “You won’t tell me?”
        Bala shook her head.  “I’m not ready to talk to anyone about it yet.
If
you wish to know, be patient.”
        Ginn nodded gravely.  “So be it.  I’ll wait.”
        A speechless moment went by.  And another.  Bala began to hear
sounds
within the bushes as they continued.  Sounds like wood banging against wood,
and shouts.  She tensed as the sounds grew louder.  Ginn seemed to notice
them too, he was now looking around, surprisingly calm.
        Bala felt for her gun.  Washu had given her a new one when she had
first
returned, but had not answered any of her many questions.  She had supposed
she had a reason for not answering right away.  Washu did not wish to answer
until Bala had thought a little, and was not in such an urgent need to be
answered.  But Bala was not thinking of that now.  She climbed a nearby tree
effortlessly.
        “Get behind a tree,” Bala told Ginn, “and stay perfectly still.
I’ll be
back.”
        Ginn nodded and obeyed quickly.  Bala took her gaze from Ginn to the
forest
around her.  *If it’s his soldiers looking for Umi,*  Bala thought, *they
aren’t trying to be quiet, not in the least.  They obviously don’t know I’m
here, if it is them.*
        She still saw no signs of movement around her, and she was getting
nervous.
  The noise was not growing louder, either.  *Is it a trap?*  Bala wondered.
        She jumped from one tree to the next, getting closer to the sounds
by the
second.  She jumped onto a strong limb of a tree and looked out into a
clearing.  Then she sighed in relief.  It was only Tenchi and his
grandfather, practicing with wooden swords.  Bala put away her gun and sat
down to watch.
        She observed the techniques they used and immediately recognized
them as
Jurai battle strategies.  *I suppose Tenchi is a fine student,* Bala thought
as she watched him dive, dodging swings and wielding his own.  Then she
abruptly remembered that Ginn was waiting for her return.  She stood again
and soon reached him, noticing that he was leaning against a tree casually.
He did not know she was there until she jumped from the tree and landed in
front of him.
        “Augh!”  He cried, gripping his chest.
        “Sorry,” Bala said, walking to his side.  “That’s Tenchi and his
grandfather training.”
        Ginn nodded, dropping his hand.  They continued to walk together
through
the forest.  After a few heartbeats, Ginn said, “you seemed afraid.”
        Bala glanced at him, not turning her head.  “As you recall, we were
both
prisoners of pirates a few days ago.”  Again, Ginn nodded in understanding.
        “So you fear them?”
        Bala stopped, looking at him.  “Fear is an irrelevant emotion.”  She
returned, a little offended.
        “It was only a question,” Ginn shrugged.
        Bala continued walking.  “We should go back soon,” she said after a
moment
of silence between them.  “It’s almost time for breakfast.”
        Ginn smiled.  “You don’t want to speak with me anymore,” he said,
shaking
his head.  He looked up at her, expecting an answer, but received none.
        “I’m sorry, Ginn,” she said finally as the house came in view, “for
being
so rude, I’m just -- tired.”
        “You’re forgiven,” Ginn said as they went through the door.  Bala
gave him
a half-smile.
        “Would you come with me to Washu’s lab, Ginn?”  Bala asked as she
opened
the door.  Ginn grinned.
        “Of course, I’ve been wanting to see what the world has been up to
while I
was gone,” he answered and walked in as Bala held the door open.  Tenchi
walked into the room at that instant, and he and Bala locked eyes.  She gave
him a meaningful look, then disappeared behind the door.
                                    ***
        “Mr. Ginn, please don’t touch anything,” Washu scolded as they
walked
through her lab.  Ginn put the invention he had in his hand back on the
shelf sheepishly.
        “Why don’t you take us to the contraption you’ve been working on,
Washu?”
Bala asked, looking at her.  Washu’s eyes widened a moment, but she
recovered.
        “Sure thing.  This way,” she said as she led them to a small room
with the
device on the ground.  Otherwise, the room was bare.  Bala motioned for her
to shut the door behind them, and she did so.
        “Extraordinary,” Ginn said as he looked at the creation.  Bala
loaded her
gun and held it to Ginn’s head.  Ginn turned, hearing this, and his mouth
opened in horror.
        “Now, Ginn,” Bala said, still holding the gun up, “why did Yuuya
send you
to spy on me?”
        “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he retorted, glancing at
Washu
for help.  The scientist had her arms crossed, and her eyes were without
emotion.
        “I suggest you stop acting, Ginn, or I’ll have to kill you,” Bala
threatened.
        “Washu, she is clearly out of her mind!  You must stop her!”  Ginn
pleaded.
  Washu did not respond.  Ginn rung his hands uneasily.
        “Speak up, Ginn, my trigger finger has been known to slip,” Bala
continued.
  Ginn looked from Washu to Bala for a few heartbeats, then looked at Bala’s
gun.  He gulped.  “Well?”
        “I was sent to find out where Umi was, since King Yuuya was getting
nowhere
with interrogating you,” he said quickly.
        “Then the pirate attack was a set-up?”
        “Yes,” Ginn replied.  “He hadn’t expected Washu to come for you, and
I
wasn’t supposed to come to earth.  But as it turns out,” he stopped for
breath, “that’s what happened, and King Yuuya has apparently abandoned me.”
        Bala did not lower her weapon.  “As I thought,” she sighed.  “It’s
no
wonder I had a vile taste in my mouth every morning, you drugged my water!”
        “Yes,” Ginn said, looking around nervously, “I left every night to
tell
them anything that you had told me.”
        “Where is Yuuya now?”
        “He went back to planet Cronus, to gather more men.”
        “For what purpose?”  Bala asked, almost looking alarmed.
        “To make an army.  Earth is his next target.”

To be continued...

Author’s Notes: There will be action in the next part, but (again) I can’t
guarantee when it will be done.  Tell me what you think so far.