Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo characters are the property of their respective
copyright holders. This is an OAV alterverse story. A fact that will
become obvious shortly.

Prologue:

Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness.
~ Oliver Wendell Holmes ~

It was difficult for her to describe the sensations she was feeling,
having felt nothing for so long, but she knew in her heart what it was.
The seal to her prison had been broken. She could smell the fresh spring
air seeping in to replace the stagnant dank of seven hundred years; warmth
to replace the gloom, radiant light to replace the intransigent dark, and
hope to replace centuries of despair. *FREE* after seven hundred years,
she would be free again. Freedom from her physical prison was only part of
joy. She was free to love now too.

Surely it was Tenchi who had broken the seal. She could hear him sliding
down the path towards her chamber. He must have slipped and fallen; the
slope was rather steep. She would have laughed if her vocal chords had
been in condition to do so. Her first laugh in seven... no, it would be
her first ever. Tenchi had taught her so many things; finally it was her
turn to repay him. She would show him the universe.

She was thinking these thoughts when it hit her. It was difficult for her
to describe the sensation she was feeling. But if she had to put the
feeling into words, it was like having your breast attached to the output
terminals of a dimensional drive reactor running at one hundred and ten
percent. To put it in simpler terms: it hurt, it hurt a lot. She was dazed
by the sudden in flux of power. Unsteadily she stood, trying to focus her
vision and her thoughts. Although, she really didn't need to see to
understand what had happened. She knew she had her three gems back. Having
to scrape and scrounge for energy for so long, the return of her gems so
quickly was like feeding a near death starved man a full course steak
dinner. Her system couldn't handle the shock. Ryoko doubled over in pain.

"Sorry," said a man's voice cutting through the din of her agony.

She lifted her head, the hope of seeing Tenchi... to being able to touch
him, eclipsing any pain.

She was to be disappointed however.

'Yosho....'

<><><><><><><><><><><>

The First Crown Princess of Jurai sat forlornly in front of a small
holographic projection of her half-brother and fiancé as she ran
lifelessly through the motions of preparing her hair for bed.

"...And when I come back," the recording said.

"And when you came back; I was to become your bride," Aeka finished, not
bothering to wipe away her tears. Shakily she stood and went over to her
bed. She lay there, staring up at the ceiling for a time. Wondering...

'Why did you not take me with you?'

"Because, he did not wish to risk my safety," she answered her own
question. More questions followed, these were harder to answer.

'Then why haven't you contacted anyone?'

'Why haven't you returned to Jurai?'

'Where are you, Yosho?'

Slowly the calm breeze flowing threw the open space of her room and the
quiet peaceful sounds of night on Ryo-oh brought sleep to the troubled
princess...

...And a dream, or was it a nightmare. She couldn't tell.

<><><><>

Aeka looked around the smoldering bridge of her once proud Ryo-oh for her
enemy. All about her was flames and the billowing smoke made it difficult
to see.

"AEKA! AEKA, HELP ME!" a voice screamed.

"SASAMI! Where are you Sasami? SASAMI!" Aeka screamed. An explosion ripped
through the ship tossing Aeka to the floor. Blood ran unchecked from a
gash to her forehead and the pain in her side was excruciating, but still
she ignored it. She had to find Sasami.

The ship began to list to one side, making it difficult for her to stand,
but she did stand.

"SASAMI! WHERE ARE YOU, SASAMI!"

It was when total despair began to overcome her, that she heard it: a
laugh, a horridly wicked laugh.

"Haha, why your lovely sister is with me, Princess Aeka. We were
discussing the secret of the universe, Tsunami. Perhaps you care to join
us?"

Aeka turned toward the direction of the voice. A tall man Aeka had never
seen before held Sasami in the air, her throat in the crook of his arm.
The look of total fear on Sasami's face, was more than enough to enrage
Aeka.

"You *will* release my sister or so help me I will..." Aeka said, forcing
the words through her clenched teeth.

"Or you will what?" the man asked calmly.

"Enough!" Aeka screamed, and focused her will. "Restrain him!"

Nothing

The man laughed.

'What's wrong,' Aeka thought confusedly. "Ryo-oh! I said to restrain him!"
Then she realized... it was gone, her link to Ryo-oh was gone. Her eyes
widen in disbelief as she turned to look at her tree. It stood
majestically for a second or two and then, as if in slow motion, fell,
cleaved in two vertically down the middle.

"It looks as though you have more pressing concerns than your sister,
Princess Aeka. Haha," the stranger laughed, and adjusted his small rimmed
glasses. "May I introduce you to a new associate of mine. First Crowned
Princess of Jurai's Royal Family, meet... your executioner."

A figure stepped over the broken stump of Ryo-oh and took slow determined
steps towards her. Whoever it was, was lean in shape and dressed rather
simply, although Aeka had never seen his like of clothes before.
Strangely, Aeka could not make out the face.

"YOU! YOU KILLED MY RYO-OH!" Aeka yelled pointing at the figure, who
stopped his advance. "AZAKA, KAMIDAKE, put that man to * DEATH *!"

The two guardians materialized next to her, one on either side.

"Yes, Ma'am," they chimed, and sped forth.

 The figure once again began his advance, as the two guardians approached.

Both Azaka and Kamidake fired energy blast after energy blast at the
figure, but they seemed to bend around him.  Seeing as that attack had no
effect, the two decided a more direct approach was necessary and moved to
capture the intruder between them.

Again the man who held Sasami began to laugh, quietly at first.

Azaka positioned himself to the figure's right, and Kamidake to the left.
They were about to activate an electrical field and obey their mistress's
command to kill the stranger, when he reached out both hands and placed
one on Azaka and the other on Kamidake.

Aeka looked over to the man holding Sasami, an evil grin on her face.
"Watch fiend, you will share a similar fate!"

"No, princess, it is you who should watch!" the man quipped.

Aeka turned back to the man between her two guardians and gaped....

One moment, Azaka and Kamidake were there, the next moment they were gone.

Both Azaka and Kamidake held their shape for a second or two, before
guardian sized amounts of sand and water came crashing to the floor.

Aeka fell to her knees in disbelief.

"This can not be," she said quietly.

Laughter rang out through the ship, as the one holding Sasami could no
longer contain his mirth.

"Now, princess, unless you would like to know what it's really like to be
a hunk of wood, you will tell me the secret..."

The other figure resumed his advance toward Aeka.

"How?" Aeka asked quietly. How had her life come to this?

'All is not lost, Princess Aeka' a voice chimed in her mind.

The laughter continued. The stranger's steps continued.

"Why is this happening? All I wanted was to find my brother?" Aeka asked
slipping further into despair.

'There is a purpose for all things, princess, and you *will* find your
brother. It may not be the reunion you wish it to be, but it will happen,'
the feminine voice again answered.

"What am I supposed to do? That thing is going to kill me!" Aeka said
pointing at the figure. He stopped, and drawing an arm across his chest
formed a brilliant white sword. Aeka closed her eyes, not wanting to know
when death would come.

'He has the power to manipulate matter, transform objects, and other
gifts, but He will not kill you, Princess Aeka. Remember that this is just
a dream. You will not die here.'

"A... a dream?"

'Yes'

Aeka opened her eyes. The burning bridge of Ryo-oh was gone, as were
Sasami and the man who had been holding her and making all the demands.
All was dark. The only thing she could see was herself and the man with
the sword at her throat, but she was no longer afraid.

She squinted her eyes, but still could not make out his face.

"Who is he?" Aeka asked staring at the unmoving man.

'The key to your happiness.'

<><><><><><><>

"Aeka... Aeka, wake up. Aeka!"

Aeka sat bolt upright in her bed. The gentle breeze blew threw the large
open windows and all was quiet and still. Aeka rubbed her sleep heavy
eyes, and looked about herself with growing relief. Ryo-oh hadn't been
destroyed. She felt a tugging at her arm. It was her little sister,
Sasami. She looked as if she'd been crying.

"What's wrong Sasami?"

"I had a scary dream. Can I sleep with you?"

"Of course."
<><><><><><><><><><>

Tenchi Muyo:
Balance of POWER

A Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction



Damien
damien_searight@msn.com
ICQ: 24113246





 