A Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki Fanfic
The Ball
By Ryan Anderson

Disclaimer: I don't own these characters, AIC does. This 
is a story written for non-profit, so don't sue, I don't 
have any money anyway.

---

Tenchi was walking back from the carrot fields when he 
first caught sight of the ship. He stopped for a second, 
admiring it. This one was much larger than the Jurai 
ships which seemed to appear hovering over his house 
almost daily as of late. He had long since stopped being 
freaked out by the phenomenon, ever since word had 
spread on Jurai where Aeka and Sasami were, messengers 
had shown up almost daily, along with suitors for Aeka, 
and officials coming to consult with the princesses.

All in all, it was just one big pain in the butt. But by 
unspoken agreement, they had all decided to keep 
Tenchi's true status as heir-apparent from the Jurai 
royals, but he still had to act the part of the dutiful 
commoner welcoming a noble into his home. Tenchi 
couldn't for the life of him figure out how Aeka was 
able to put up with the treatment constantly.

Giving a sigh, Tenchi continued his trek toward the 
house. Today was going to be a long day, he had a 
feeling. Idly, he wondered as he walked why in the world 
such a large ship had come this time. He shrugged the 
question off though, it was probably just one more 
suitor from some far-off world looking to impress Aeka. 
She always refused them, of course, which was making 
Tenchi more and more nervous. It was like he was 
becoming obligated to marry her just because she'd 
refused everyone else in the galaxy. 

Well, whatever Aeka thought, he still had quite a wait 
before he was ready to get married. It was kind of fun 
having all the girls lavish attention on him, and he 
considered them all to be his good friends. Of course, 
they were his loud, violent, and overly destructive 
friends, but over the past few months the fighting had 
lessened a bit as Tenchi had made it clear that he 
didn't want his house being constantly damaged. That, 
and the Zero incident seemed to have mellowed Ryouko out 
a lot. She no longer seemed to go out of her way to pick 
fights with Aeka, and the intensity of her battles 
seemed to have gone down too. 

Well, anything that brought a little peace into his 
household was okay by him. He finally reached the house 
and placed today's load of carrots in the storage shed, 
then steeled himself for confronting whatever dignitary 
had arrived. 

As Tenchi approached the front door, he said a silent 
prayer to whatever Kami would care to listen that it 
wasn't Misaki. Please, please, please let it be anyone 
but Misaki! He prayed. He'd had to put up with Aeka and 
Sasami's "eccentric" mother for a whole week last time 
she'd drop by to visit, and he didn't think his rib cage 
could take another one of her bear hugs. Well, there was 
no more putting it off. Reaching out hesitantly, Tenchi 
opened the door.

He found the crew, minus Ryouko and Washu (who had 
learned that to make themselves scarce during visits by 
Jurai royalty, as some of the royals would spontaneously 
decided upon seeing them to "Rid the Princess's house of 
those vile creatures." Which Aeka would always 
support...) sitting around the table along with two 
visitors, Funaho and Misaki. 

Tenchi let his shoulders slump. That was it, he was 
doomed and all the gods hated him. Shaking his head 
sadly, he approached the two queen's and gave them both 
a deep bow, bracing himself for the onslaught of 
Misaki's hug. It wasn't long in coming. Straining under 
the remarkable force the woman seemed to be able to 
summon, Tenchi stoically put up with her fawning over 
him. Finally, after a much briefer period of time than 
usually past before he was released, Funaho tapped her 
"sister" on the shoulder and silently drew her back to 
her side.

Tenchi shot his great-grandmother a thankful look. He 
really did enjoy Funaho's presence, but she seemed to 
only come by with Misaki... and he didn't enjoy her 
presence _that_ much. Still, he was awfully glad that he 
was her descendent and not Misaki's...

Taking his seat at the table, next to Aeka, attention 
once more turned to the two matriarchs. Both sipped 
their tea for a moment, then Funaho began.

"We apologize for intruding like this upon your home, 
but a matter of some importance has come up..."

"It's no bother, really, Funaho-sama. You are always 
welcome here." Replied Tenchi.

Funaho nodded, and continued. "You see, in a scarce week 
is the centennial Mul'lack ball, which is the largest 
and most prestigious high-brow event held anywhere in 
the galaxy, and for the last seven of them, the Jurai 
royal family has lacked a presence there. Now normally 
this sort of thing would be beneath us, but you see, the 
ball is more than just a dance, it is a showing of 
power. Although traditionally only the younger members 
of a household are invited, it still serves as a chance 
for the younger generation to meet their fellow ruling-
class, and establish valuable friendships and allies. 
Our absence from the ball has greatly hurt our political 
position in the galaxy, although we still maintain our 
status as a galaxy leader because of our military might, 
over the last few centuries we have become practically a 
war state, scaring all of our neighbors into submission. 
This situation cannot continue."

Aeka seemed lost in thought as her other-mother related 
the situation. "The Mul'lack ball is coming up again so 
soon? I remember attending one just before... before I 
left...."

Now it was Misaki's turn to speak up. "Yes dear, and it 
is you who needs to go to this years as well. Although 
Yousho may one day return and sit the throne of Jurai, 
you, being of the true, pure, Jurainian bloodline, carry 
the most political weight amongst your peers." Misaki 
smiled warmly at her daughter. "Besides, think of this 
as another wonderful opportunity to meet some eligible 
noble boys!"

Aeka seemed frozen in stone at that last statement, her 
eyes going blank. "I... remember the last ball... All 
those men asking me to dance, pestering me for 
dates...."

"Aeka-san...." Tenchi said, concerned. She sounded so 
disturbed by this, wasn't that how it was suppose to be.

Aeka looked back at Tenchi and immediately loosened up. 
"None of them were _half_ the man Tenchi-sama is! If I'm 
to go to this dance, I'm going to need an escort! Please 
Tenchi, please come with me!"

Tenchi nearly leaped back, stunned at the sudden 
reversal. "Yes Tenchi, that is the other matter we came 
here to discuss. We at the Jurai royal court feel it is 
time for you to be introduced to the universe at large. 
We insist that you fulfill your duty as a Jurainian 
prince and escort the princess Aeka to the Mul'lack 
ball."

As Funaho finished, Tenchi's shoulders slumped in 
defeat. He was trapped and he knew it. Funaho always 
seemed to be able to get him to do anything she wanted, 
and he knew from the week she had spent here that any 
attempt get out of it would only lead to an argument 
with which he was doomed to lose. "I suppose if I have 
no choice then...." he said sullenly.

Aeka, however, didn't seem to notice his less-than-
enthusiastic tone. "Oh Tenchi-sama! I knew that you 
really did care for me! We'll go to the ball and be the 
perfect couple, you'll see!" Aeka beamed at him, hearts 
in her eyes. Tenchi was already hoping that something 
would come up and let him get out of this, judging by 
the look in Aeka's eyes, he'd just landed himself in a 
heap of trouble.

***

Preparations for their departure were made surprisingly 
quickly. They were to take Misaki and Funaho's ship, and 
they had to leave the next day in order to arrive on 
time. As this was to be Jurai's re-entrance to the ball 
after 7 centuries of absence, the preparations on board 
the ship were overly lavish, with a million different 
outfits for both of them, ranging from gaudy to just 
plain ludicrous. The ball usually lasted only 2 days, 
but had been known to run to 3 or 4, so three weeks were 
estimated as their time away from earth when travel time 
was added.

Three weeks of just him and Aeka, Tenchi thought. He 
wasn't sure if he was happy about that or not. On one 
hand, that would mean none of her fighting with Ryouko, 
and she _had_ shown that without Ryouko around she was 
usually pretty nice, if a little aloft. Tenchi could 
tell that this was probably a plot on the Queen's part 
to get him to fall for Aeka, but he honestly couldn't 
see it working, he just didn't feel it was right to 
commit to a relationship at this time.

However, the trip without Ryouko had a definite down 
side too -- they would have to come back, and when they 
did, Ryouko was _*NOT*_ going to be happy that they'd 
left her alone for three weeks... and she was going to 
even less happy about the fact that he'd been _alone_ 
with Aeka for that period of time. Still, as Misaki 
pointed out, only royalty were allowed at the ball, and 
not even servants were suppose to accompany the junior-
sovereigns. This was suppose to be their chance to show 
just themselves off, and how well they could stand on 
their own without their court of followers.

No, facing Ryouko once they returned would definitely 
not be fun, but facing her before they left was bound to 
be just as bad. Tenchi sighed. The others had tried to 
convince him that he should just leave without telling 
her, but Tenchi had quickly vetoed that idea. As much as 
he wasn't looking forward to it, he just couldn't go off 
and leave her without saying *something*, Tenchi liked 
to think he had a little more honor than that.

Now he was waiting for her up in his room. It was 
getting late, but he was rather sure that she'd come to 
see him before he went to bed, she usually did whenever 
she'd been forced to go into hiding and not be around 
him when the royals visited. However, usually she came 
in as soon as he had his door shut and turned out his 
light out, sometimes even before he got that far. 
Tonight, however, there was no sign of her, a fact that 
was beginning to worry Tenchi.

Oh well, he decided finally, she wasn't coming. He just 
hoped he'd be able to catch her tomorrow before they 
left.

***

Tenchi gazed down at the planet they were circling. It 
was a truly breath taking place, the oceans so crystal 
blue it was unbelievable. Aeka had informed him after 
they awakened from deep sleep that Mul'lack was a 
specially protected resort world, basically left 
completely untouched and in all its natural splendor; a 
truly royal vacation spot.

Still, Tenchi couldn't bring himself to look upon this 
event with anything but trepidation. Aeka had been giddy 
with joy ever since they got on the ship together and 
took off alone... but Tenchi still couldn't get over the 
fact that he hadn't been able to find Ryouko before they 
left. Washu had assured him that Ryouko was merely busy 
somewhere else, and that she would explain everything to 
her absent daughter, but it just wasn't like Ryouko to 
disappear for days at a time, and she was going to be 
really upset when Tenchi got back. Still, he had already 
been gone a whole week now, so any damage had 
undoubtedly already been done. It felt strange to Tenchi 
to think that over the course of what seemed only one 
night's sleep to him had been an entire week back 
home... and not only that, but he was half-way across 
the universe! Living with Aeka and Ryouko had somewhat 
accustomed him to seeing space ships, and even taking 
short jaunts into the surrounding solar system, but this 
traveling to another planet... Tenchi's mind just 
boggled at the concept.

Yet here he was, decked out in the finest Jurainian 
gentleman's get up, and preparing to go and mingle with 
beings from all over the galaxy as one of the most 
influential republics' prince! It was all so 
inconceivable... Aeka have assured him that all he had 
to do was be himself and he'd charm the whole assembly, 
but this just seemed too much. He didn't know anything 
about politics, and now he was expected to play such an 
important role? What was he going to do??

"Tenchi-sama..." Aeka called

Looking up from the peaceful planet below him, Tenchi's 
gaze found the princess he was "escorting." Truly, Aeka 
was in her element, bedecked in the latest fashions, the 
demure princess was absolutely stunning, though her 
dress was still modest as ever. She _was_ beautiful, 
Tenchi realized, but he just couldn't love fall in love 
with her just because of her looks, he wanted more out 
of a relationship than something that superficial. "Yes, 
Aeka-san?"

"We'll be landing shortly. The festivities don't begin 
for another day, but these before-ball meetings can be 
very important. I know you must be nervous about this, 
Tenchi-sama, but please, just be yourself and mingle, 
I'll handle all the political aspects, okay?" 

Tenchi nodded. Aeka was standing at the helm of the 
ship, actually having to fly it without Azaka and 
Kamidake along to take care of that. Sure, just let Aeka 
handle all the political stuff... easy for her to say. 
She was used to this sort of thing, while Tenchi would 
have to learn how not to offend everyone and be rendered 
a nervous wreck. Not to mention the fact that he would 
be effectively useless in the negotiations and 
festivities. He barely knew how to dance, he'd likely 
make a fool of himself.

He'd tried arguing a bit with Funaho just before they 
left, trying to impress upon her how useless he would be 
if he went, and how likely it was that he would end up 
making enemies for Jurai with incidentally offenses, but 
Funaho had only smiled, assuring him that it was the 
same when she had first gone to the ball her first year 
as Azuza's bride. Tenchi had wanted to ask her for 
advice, what had happened, anything to both stall his 
departure and get to know his great-grandmother better, 
but she had only waved off his questions told him to get 
moving.

Turning back to the window, Tenchi shook his head sadly. 
Why were all of his family so close-mouthed? Yousho was 
so cryptic at times it made it nearly impossible to hold 
a conversation with him, and Funaho was even worse. 
Idly, Tenchi wondered if his mother had been like that, 
then decided against it. If his mother had married his 
father, she would probably be as outspoken as him. 

The crypticness in his family must come from their 
extreme old age. It still made Tenchi's mind balk a bit 
to think that his grandfather was actually well over 700 
years old, but at least he _looked_ old. To think of 
Funaho as his great-grandmother, even older than Yousho 
yet looking younger than his father was even stranger. 
And now to think that maybe, if one of his adventures or 
one of the girls didn't end his life prematurely, he 
might live that long... It just didn't seem possible.

Tenchi was shaken out of his reverie though as the 
planet below them suddenly began rising up to meet them 
at a frightening pace. In a matter of moments the ship 
had dropped out of orbit and was cruising just above the 
ocean, heading toward a monstrous yet strangely 
beautiful ship that cruised along the deep blue ocean. 
The ship, which looked more like a floating city than a 
ship, seemed like a beehive of activity as ships ranging 
from amazingly beautiful to hideously sinister landed on 
dozens of concealed landing pads. 

Tenchi looked back to Aeka, and found her a mask of 
concentration as she struggled to land their ship 
without incidence. Finally touching down on one of the 
more prominent and decorated landing pads, Aeka looked 
up from the control console and smiled at Tenchi. 
"There, we're down. Are you ready Tenchi-sama?"

Tenchi felt anything but ready. His stomach was a mess 
of butterflies, but he nodded anyway. Deciding that it 
was best to just get through this as quickly as 
possible.

The open, fresh air of the sea was pleasantly warm and a 
surprising shock to Tenchi as he breathed in the sea-
scented air upon stepping out onto the docking platform. 
Before him and the princess was arrayed a full 
compliment of honor guards, dressed in Jurai's colors, 
though not carrying weapons and obviously not from Jurai 
themselves. He stood side-by-side with Aeka as the 
guards led them into a wide, lush, patio area, where 
there where a dozen or so other nobles standing around 
talking. The other nobles were also lavishly dressed, 
some more than others, and Tenchi was surprised at the 
vast verity of people gathered in the room. From almost-
exactly human to almost-exactly insect, the assembled 
nobles covered every category. Finally a very road 
little man with pointed ears and a long, black beard 
standing on a raised balcony bellowed out to the 
assembly, "Princess Aeka and Prince Tenchi, of the Jurai 
empire. Welcome honored guests! Too long has it been 
since last the great Jurai empire deemed to send its 
fair people to our humble halls! Thank you for 
attending. I am lord Osteval, if there is anything I can 
do to make your stay here more comfortable, all you must 
do is ask. The entire resources of the Mul'lacks is at 
your request."

The Mul'lackian lord gave them a deep bow, which Tenchi 
and Aeka returned. The formal greeting out of the way, 
conversation seemed to leap up around them, twice as 
loud as before. Aeka smiled at him demurely, "Come 
Tenchi-sama, let us go meet the others."

The next 3 hours became a whirlwind of names and faces 
for Tenchi, as he struggled to answer a million 
questions from a million different people, all the while 
slowly become aware of a subtle undercurrent running 
though all the royalty he was introduced to.

It was strange, but after a while it seemed like he was 
becoming the focus of attention at the informal 
gathering. It seemed like the nobles had picked up 
quickly on his social ineptitude and were having an 
uproariously good time with him because of it. Finally, 
Aeka came to his rescue, hauling him back off to the 
ship.

Aeka definitely did not seem to be in a good mood as 
they returned to the ship, but Tenchi was really almost 
too tired to care. He felt like he'd been poked and 
prodded by half the galaxy, and it was not a sensation 
he enjoyed. More than that, the stress of having to 
constantly be on guard against offending anyone had made 
the day absolutely exhausting.

As Aeka released his arm, Tenchi slumped heavily into a 
nearby chair. "Well Tenchi, so far so good. But today 
was just the preliminaries. The real fun begins 
tomorrow, when *everyone* will be there."

Tenchi's reply was a pain-filled groan. "Go through that 
again? Are you crazy? How do you put up with it, Aeka-
san?"

"Oh come now, Tenchi-sama, it's not _that_ bad... Just 
try to relax and enjoy yourself!"

"Sure Aeka, sure... and the first time I say the wrong 
thing, I accidentally start an intergalactic war!"

Aeka tried unsuccessfully to hide a smile, but then 
finally burst out laughing.

"What? What so funny?" Tenchi asked, in completely 
bewilderment.

Aeka, still trying to stifle her giggles, gasped out "Oh 
Tenchi... it's not like that at all! Everyone here knows 
you don't know what you're doing! No one would take 
offense. They all already know you're from a backwater 
planet! They're just having fun with you."

Tenchi's face went beet red as he realized she was 
right, he was the laughing stock of the ball. Imagine, 
some boy who'd spent the majority of his life on some 
back-country farm trying to act like a prince of the 
largest and most influential empire in the galaxy! 
Tenchi's face burned with the indignation of being 
forced into coming here.

Aeka's laughter finally stopped as she noticed Tenchi's 
obvious embarrassment. Sitting down next to him, she 
took his hand in hers, forcing him to look into her eyes 
(though she blushed, as a lady should, when took his 
hand). "Now Tenchi don't be angry. It's not so much that 
they're making fun of you as it is that you are a 
refreshing change from the norm here. I, too, have 
received some of this attention, due to my extend stay 
with you, I'm not quite as "up" on my court manners as I 
should be. Try not to let it worry you."

Aeka's words had a soothing effect on Tenchi, and he 
managed to give her a wry smile. "Ah, it's okay Aeka-
san, I'm not really angry, it's just... I don't think 
I'm cut out for this kind of life."

"Nonsense! You're a prince of Jurai! It can really be 
quite fun, if you let it. Anyway, Mul'lack is renown for 
its breathtaking sunsets... would you care to join me 
for dinner? As some of the more important nobles here, 
we rank some of the best seats...."

Tenchi was tempted, especially seeing Aeka still looking 
rather lovely in that gown of hers... but he just didn't 
feel up to it. "I'm sorry Aeka-san... How about tomorrow 
night, okay?"

Aeka looked disappointed, but nodded her head. "Okay, 
Tenchi-sama. Sleep well, we have a big day ahead of us 
tomorrow. The party begins around lunch, and the formal 
ball starts as the sunsets. We'll be expected to be at 
the head of the procession once the ball begins, so I'll 
meet you back here before then, alright?"

***

The next seemed a complete blur to Tenchi, the 
procession and the events leading up to it were just one 
big conglomeration of faces. During the course of the 
day Tenchi had been surrounded by a constant group of 
dignitaries who seemed to hang on his every word. Aeka 
had tried to stay by his side as much as possible, but 
she had gone off to speak with other people many times. 
It completely amazed Tenchi how she was always able to 
keep everyone's names straight as well as what they did 
and where they were from. 

Finally the processional had begun. Tenchi, with Aeka on 
his arm, had entered into the main ball room first of 
the royalty present, and it seemed like a palatable 
force slammed into him with all those stares. After 
having their names announced to the assembled 
dignitaries, they were led forward to greet Osteval 
again, who returned their deep bows. After that, 
however, they were pretty much on their own, or so 
Tenchi had thought. Aeka told him otherwise, however, 
and he was soon forced to stand next to her and watch 
and say hello to each of the members of royalty that 
came through the door in a seemingly never-ending 
stream. Aeka made comments to him about each of them as 
they greeted them, about what Jurai's relationship to 
their world was or some personal observation, but Tenchi 
really wasn't able to pay much attention.

However, just as Tenchi was sure that he was going to 
fall asleep on his feet, the women who next walked in 
captured his attention like none of the other beautiful 
women had, and, indeed, not just his attention, but that 
of every man in the room, it seemed.

She was absolutely stunning, wearing a form-hugging red 
dress that was just barely decent, and made of some 
material that seemed to shimmer as she moved, providing 
hints of the assets that lay underneath. It was matched 
perfectly by her blood-red hair which cascaded free down 
to the middle of her back. It was all Tenchi could do to 
rip his eyes away from her, and catch her name. 
"Princess Ceredwin, of the planet Neo-Vesper." The page 
said.

Conversation died as every eye in the house watched her 
progression up to Osteval, and her deep curtsey. He 
heard Aeka mutter something about Neo-Vesper being some 
out-of-the-way back water planet not much better than 
earth who had never had a representative invited to the 
ball before, but Tenchi couldn't bring himself to care 
as she began moving toward them, greeting each of the 
lords and ladies (the former of whom were trying to keep 
their tongues in their mouths, the latter of which were 
staring in thinly-veiled envy). Then she did the 
unthinkable, and stopped right in front of Tenchi and 
Aeka.

"My lord, My lady, I am honored to be in your presence 
tonight." She said, giving a deep curtsey. As she got 
back to her feet, she looked Tenchi right in the eyes, 
and he found himself sinking into those golden, cat-like 
orbs that seemed to drink in the world around them. 

Tenchi tried desperately to think of something he could 
possibly say to the vision in front of him, but try as 
he might he simply couldn't seem to make his mind work. 
Finally, Aeka came back with the proper response for a 
princess. "As we are to be in yours. I didn't not get a 
chance to meet you at the party earlier, please forgive 
me."

"Oh, not at all. I just got here." Tenchi, still trying 
to regain his composure, noted with some foggy part of 
his brain that still worked that her voice was soft and 
husky... but most of his mind was still focused on her 
eyes, her gaze having never left Tenchi's.

Aeka was beginning to get quite miffed that she was 
being ignored, but then the graceful sounds of an 
orchestra began filtering into the room, and couples 
started making their way to the dance floor. Smiling 
smugly, she grabbed Tenchi's arm, dragging him away from 
the new girl. 

Tenchi, feeling himself being ripped away from those 
bewitching eyes, turned to find himself being led to the 
dance floor, and started panicking. "Aeka-san! Wait! I 
don't know how to dance!"

There was a small titer of laughter from the nearby 
couples at this, but Aeka shrugged it off. "Just follow 
my lead, Tenchi. We're expected to dance at least this 
first dance together."

Tenchi did his best, but it wasn't very much. Finally 
the song finished, and both Tenchi and Aeka politely 
clapped and tried not to look too embarrassed at their 
less-than-wonderful dancing. Aeka was beckoned away 
after that, and Tenchi was finally left on his own.

Seeing that, for the moment at least, everyone was 
leaving him alone, he made his way over to the huge 
buffet table laid out with delicacies from every planet 
imaginable. Not knowing where to begin, Tenchi decided 
that if he was going to remain inconspicuous, he'd just 
have to make like everyone else, and everyone else 
seemed to be heading directly for the punch. 

Getting a small glass for himself, Tenchi tried to fade 
back into the shadows, but it was no use. As soon as he 
backed away from the punch bowl, he was beset by two 
young men.

"Hey, you're that Tenchi guy, right?" the first one 
said, apparently a bit drunk already.

"uh, well, yeah..." Tenchi replied, a bit lamely.

"Ah! I told you so Hiroshi! He's the guy who came in 
with Princess Aeka!" Said the second.

Hiroshi looked back at Tenchi. "So, you're the one with 
the princess? Man are _you_ lucky! She's sssooooo cute. 
I'd give anything to be in your shoes!"

"No way! He's lucky because he actually got to talk to 
that _goddess_ that came in last! What was her name... 
Ceredwin? She's the greatest! I'd give anything to meet 
her!"

Tenchi was looking quite nervous at this point, and took 
a big drink from his punch, trying to find some way to 
get away from these two, but he just couldn't seem to 
find a polite way to brush past them. In fact, as the 
two debated the finer aspects of both females, more 
guys, mostly royalty that had come in unattached (of 
which their were far more males than females), came over 
and joined the conversation. Tenchi tried to stay out of 
the conversation as best he could, but after awhile (and 
a couple more glasses of punch) he couldn't help but 
interject comments on both sides... He knew Aeka better, 
so was better able to defend her, but then even he had 
to admit that Ceredwin looked much better, and judging 
by the way she kept approaching lucky men and asking 
them for dances, she had as fiery a personality as her 
hair fire-red hair. 

It was at about this point that Tenchi finally realized 
that the "punch" was alcoholic... He had just assumed 
that this was a high-brow enough party that that sort of 
thing wouldn't be a problem, and now he was feeling more 
than a little bit giddy, but he was starting to enjoy 
himself a bit more as he loosened up. 

Then it happened. With amazing suddenness, all 
conversation stopped dead among the young men, as a 
foreigner invaded their space. Forcing her way through 
them, Ceredwin pushed her way right up to Tenchi, and 
grabbed his hand. "Would you like to dance?" she asked 
with a smile.

Tenchi's mind was rather fogged at this point, but 
seeing her right before him sobered him with remarkable 
speed. Gulping, he looked around, trying to spot Aeka, 
wondering if he should... but taking a look back at the 
girl before him, he suddenly realized it didn't matter 
whether Aeka cared or not. With a sheepish grin, he 
replied, "s... sure..."

Ceredwin's smile was simply beatific as she dragged him 
back through the crowd of boys. Grinning from ear-to-ear 
at his good-fortune, Tenchi shrugged off their envious 
glances as he stepped on to the dance floor, then 
suddenly his doubts returned. "ah... but... wait... I, I 
can't dance..." Tenchi said blushing with embarrassment. 

However, Ceredwin just smiled sweetly at him, and echoed 
Aeka's words. "It's okay... just follow my lead."

The dance that followed seemed like something out of a 
dream for Tenchi, as the two of them whirled and turned 
on the dance floor. Ceredwin seemed to glide 
effortlessly, as if she wasn't even touching the ground. 
Tenchi hardly noticed though, it all seemed so magical. 
As the first dance ended, Tenchi started to turn to go, 
but Ceredwin wasn't through with him yet. Before he 
could even begin to protest, she dragged him off for 
another dance.

And so the night went, the two of them making the 
perfect couple as they danced dance after dance. As the 
night dragged on, the orchestra turned to much slower 
music, and Ceredwin pulled him in close. 

As they danced Ceredwin whispered into his ear. 
"Tenchi... let's go out on the balcony and get some 
air." 

Tenchi could only nod in reply. He knew he should 
refuse, go find Aeka... but he just couldn't bring 
himself to.

As they stepped out into the cool night air, Ceredwin 
walked over to the balcony, leaning over and taking a 
deep breath. Tenchi just stood by the doorway, uncertain 
what he should do, or if he should even be there.

"Oh Tenchi, isn't it a beautiful night?" Ceredwin began, 
looking out over the endless ocean, the twin moons of 
the planet circling overhead.

"Yes, it certainly is... though I suppose they wouldn't 
have chosen this planet for the ball if it hadn't been 
perfect."

Ceredwin gave a light laugh, her laughter loud and 
genuine, just like the rest of her. "No, I suppose they 
wouldn't have, would they, Tenchi?" 

Tenchi slowly walked over to stand next to her. "Tell me 
of the world where you come from." Tenchi asked feeling 
he needed to know more about her... He felt like he'd 
known her forever for some reason, but he knew that was 
just his own subconscious's wish. He felt a craving to 
know more about her though, even if ever seeing her 
again after this once-in-a-century ball was an 
impossibility.

Ceredwin gained a far away look, then turned back to 
face him. "My home? My home... I'm not sure if I've ever 
really had a home. The place where I was born was cold 
and lifeless, and I grew up far from there. You might 
say I've never really gotten to lead the charmed life 
that most of the royalty here has."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Still, maybe that's why I feel 
like I know you, as I'm in pretty much the same boat you 
are. I feel like I just don't belong with these people. 
I may have been born to royal blood, but I grew up in a 
relatively small town in the middle of nowhere. Still, 
it had its pleasant times too, when the cherry blossoms 
would fall... and summer's spent at my Grandfather's 
shrine. It was always so nice and peaceful... But lately 
everything has been turned on its ear. I suddenly 
discover that I'm a prince of some far off planet I've 
never even been to, and all these strange aliens keep 
popping up at my house, destroying everything. I never 
get a chance to just relax anymore."

Ceredwin studied him intensely for a moment, then 
smiled. "Oh surely its not that bad... Isn't it more fun 
to have things always happening around you, rather than 
just sitting around all the time?"

Tenchi shrugged. "Not really. I mean, everything keeps 
happening *to* me, its never of my choosing. It's like I 
have no control of my life anymore... you just wouldn't 
understand. I mean, look at you, you're royalty, anyone 
could see you're born to it, yet you have this sense of 
being so in control of your life... you take charge of 
situations, when you wanted to dance with me, you just 
walked up and asked, even though boys are usually 
suppose to ask girls... I just can't seem to do that. I 
don't want to hurt anyone's feelings, and it seems that 
no matter what I do, someone gets hurt."

Ceredwin placed a hand on his shoulder, causing Tenchi 
to look up at her. "You are a good man, Tenchi, you care 
about what other people think, and that's what draws 
people to you. It's that quality that people admire in 
you and you feel that you can't let down their 
expectations. Well, I've got news for you, Prince. It's 
all well and good to not want to hurt people, but what 
about yourself? Anyone can see that you aren't happy 
about some of the things you are forced to do, and 
you're letting yourself get hurt rather than hurting the 
others."

"Yeah? Well, when does the hurting stop? I'd rather take 
the pain myself than hurt anyone else."

Ceredwin looked at him in sympathy. "Maybe, but those 
who really care for you are going to be even more hurt 
by watching you do this to yourself. This course you're 
on is ultimately only self destructive, and you are only 
making people happy in superficial ways. If you don't 
stand up try to make yourself happy, you're never going 
to make anyone else truly happy."

Tenchi pulled away from her. "But how do I know what 
makes me happy?"

Behind him in the darkness, Ceredwin shimmered and 
changed, growing a few inches, and her hair color 
changing from red to cyan. "Tenchi... the only way to 
find out what truly makes you happy is to try and find 
out." Ryouko said.

Tenchi spun back to face her, his eyes opening wide in 
shock. Slowly Ryouko walked toward him. "Unless you tell 
us what you want, we have to keep guessing..." and she 
began lowering her head toward his, drawing him in for a 
kiss....

Tenchi's mind was locked up at this point... How could 
this be possible? Ryouko was Ceredwin? What was going 
on? Suddenly the small part of his brain the was still 
paying attention to Ryouko kicked the rest of his mind 
to get him to pay full attention to the fact that 
Ryouko's face was now about two inches from his own and 
closing in. 

His initial response would have been to pull away, but 
something, whether it was the alcohol or what Ryouko had 
said, caused him not to. Here was his chance, he 
thought, to discover what a relationship was really 
like. If he accepted the kiss, he could take control of 
his life again, he could stand up as his own person 
again....

In the darkness of Mul'lack, the warm sea breeze blowing 
across the balcony of the luxury liner with the twin 
moons racing over head, Tenchi's lips met Ryouko's. For 
Tenchi the experience was like nothing he'd expected, as 
a feeling of electricity seemed to arch through him, the 
feeling of her lips and her warm body pressed against 
him seemed ready to overload every synapse in his brain, 
yet somehow he hung on, savoring the experience. 

"T... T... TENCHI-SAMA!!!!!" the cry broke both out of 
their kiss, as Ryouko and Tenchi looked over to see Aeka 
standing at the doorway, her cry drawing more and more 
on lookers. 

"Aeka-san..." Tenchi started, struggling for an 
explanation.

Tears welled in Aeka's eyes, then she whirled and ran 
back through the crowd. Tenchi started to chase after 
her, but Ryouko held him fast. 

Damn his thoughtlessness, he thought, all the reasons he 
had allowed the kiss falling from his mind. Only the 
image of Aeka standing there, the hurt plain in her 
eyes, pain and betrayal her eyes had read....

"Ryouko! Let me go!"

"No Tenchi, not this time..." Suddenly their was a 
wrenching sensation as Tenchi and Ryouko teleported, and 
when Tenchi opened his eyes again, he found himself 
hovering hundreds of feet directly above the ship, 
tightly held in Ryouko's grasp.

"Now Tenchi, I'm not going to drop you, but don't 
struggle, its hard enough to hold you. I'm not going to 
force you to do anything, but I am going to stop you 
from doing something you may regret."

Tenchi froze upon seeing where they were, but Ryouko's 
words seemed to penetrate the haze of fear and force him 
to calm down. Once Ryouko felt him go limp in her arms, 
their was that gut-wrenching sensation again, and he 
found himself on the landing deck of the cruise ship, 
just across from Aeka's ship. Ryouko set him down 
gently, then took a step back. 

Tenchi looked at the ship, then looked back at her, 
confused. What was Ryouko doing?

Ryouko had tears in her eyes as she watched him standing 
confused at what had happened, fear welling up within 
her that she had been wrong, that he would go back to 
Aeka... but she had to give him the choice. "Tenchi... 
I've forced you into this position, but the choice is 
yours." Behind her Ryo-ohki suddenly sprang into 
existence, hovering just off the side of the platform, 
waiting.

"Aeka is in her ship, all you have to do is go to her, 
tell her that I tricked you or forced you, and she'll 
forgive you, and everything will go back to the way it 
was. However, if you come with me... nothing will ever 
be the same again. If you come with me I'll never force 
another thing on you, you'll be able to make your own 
decisions, even if all you want is just me to take you 
back home, I'll do it if that's what you really want."

Tenchi felt horror dawning on him as Ryouko's words sunk 
in, the weight of the world came crashing down on his 
shoulders. Now he was forced to choose, Aeka or Ryouko, 
royalty or criminal, a nice, safe life of living up to 
everyone else's expectations, or a short, hazardous life 
of making his own choices, watching his decisions hurt 
those around him, and having no one to blame but 
himself.

This choice had been inevitable, he knew, from the 
moment he had set Ryouko free. It was almost as if her 
entire purpose was to give him this choice, to show him 
that the possibilities of a life of his choosing 
existed. Setting her free had been the one choice he 
could remember he had made completely on his own, with 
no other outside influences forcing him to go one way or 
the other. And now, on this far off world, nearly a year 
later, he had to choose between accepting that action 
and reveling in it, or forgetting about it, and going 
back to the way things were before....

He started to take a step toward Ryouko, but then 
stopped, seeing again in his mind's eye the look of pain 
on Aeka's face as she caught him with Ryouko. He had 
hurt her badly, and if he left her for good now, what 
would become of her? How could he be so cruel? This was 
his choice, if he spared Aeka that pain, how much more 
would he cause Ryouko? No matter what he did, he was 
doomed to hurt someone. It wasn't a choice of good or 
evil, black or white, neither side was any better than 
the other... or was it? Hadn't he always wanted to live 
his own life? Wasn't that why he hadn't chosen Ryouko or 
Aeka, because both of them had always just assumed he 
had would choose them, and hadn't given him the choice?

No, that wasn't it. He had been afraid, afraid to take 
responsibility for hurting either of them as badly as he 
knew making a decision would. Ryouko's words came back 
to him though, "those who really care for you are going 
to be even more hurt by watching you do this to 
yourself." Those words held a ring of truth to them that 
Tenchi had been denying for the longest time... although 
he had wanted to spare Aeka and Ryouko pain, all he had 
done was cause more. That's why Aeka and Ryouko had 
fought over him so much, they had both tried to dull the 
pain of his uncertainty by claiming him as their own and 
hoping to spare him the pain of choosing by resolving 
the matter themselves. 

Tenchi shook his head, how much hurt had he caused these 
two? Well, it had to end, right now. It would be better 
to make a clean break, stop the cycle of hurt cold. But 
who should he choose? Should he choose either of them? 
Ryouko embarrassed him so badly sometimes, but she had 
also shown that she was willing to change, and she'd 
been embarrassing him a lot less lately, since Zero. But 
Aeka always been such a moderating force, although she 
occasionally made him nervous with all her formal 
manners, he felt like he could never relax around her.

The immensity of the choice he was about to make chose 
that moment to overwhelm him. Which ever decision he 
made, it was going to impact every part of his life! He 
felt panic rising up within him, but something else 
Ryouko had said that night came back to him. "Tenchi... 
the only way to find out what truly makes you happy is 
to try and find out." It was odd, but that thought 
seemed to quell the panic rising inside him, seemed to 
make the haze of confusion and panic clear inside his 
mind, leaving him with a strong sense of resolve. 

He couldn't go back. And he never wanted to. What was 
life without change? He realized then that he had made 
his choice already, made it long ago when he had opened 
the cave and let Ryouko free. He had chosen at that 
moment, though he didn't know it, to live a life bigger 
than just a farmer, or an architect, or indeed, anyone 
on earth. Perhaps he had made the choice even before 
that, when he went to the cave to play, even though he 
knew he shouldn't, when he felt the presence of the Oni 
that slept there and _wanted_ to see it, _wanted_ to 
live in a world where demons and monsters were real. And 
now it was time for him to grow up and live his dreams.

With confident steps, Tenchi walked to Ryouko, seeming 
to her eyes to come of age with every step, maturing 
into the man she knew he was right before her. The light 
of love shone in Ryouko's eyes as she gave him a bone-
crushing hug when he reached her at last. Crying tears 
that were a mixture of relief and joy into his chest, 
and she felt him return her embrace for once. Together, 
they boarded Ryo-ohki.

-------------------------------

Author's note: 
Ok, so this is a real departure from everything else 
I've written, as it takes basically only Tenchi's 
perspective throughout the whole story. Also, its only 
meant to be one, complete story, although writing those 
last few paragraphs I thought up a couple story ideas 
that I could expound upon... well, let me know if you 
think I should.

Also, a note about how OOC Ryouko is. I know I made her 
overly-insightful, and basically not her usual self, but 
I just felt if fit. I can always just say she was way 
OOC because of Zero (since it never really shows what 
Ryouko acts like once assimilated with Zero, other than 
that 5sec clip of her running out to find Tenchi.) So if 
you think its too out of character, my response is 1)I'm 
sorry, 2)Maybe her character changed drastically after 
assimilating with Zero, and 3)it was all based on a 
dream I had so ppptttttthhhh!!!! ;)

Also, I wrote all this in one day, which is something 
I've never done. Usually with my other stories I write a 
few pages a day, off and on, then spend days editing and 
mailing it out to pre-readers, but I don't think I'll do 
that with this one. The idea for this actually came to 
me in a dream I had this morning, where I dreamed all 
the events that took place in the ball-room, and I just 
had to write it (You KNOW you've been reading too many 
fanfic when you start dreaming about new ones...) 
Anyway, I woke up and could still remember the dream and 
just felt possessed to write it, so let me know what you 
think of it. 

Oh, and as a last note, no, this does not have ANYTHING 
to do with my other Tenchi fanfic, Love's Labor Lost, 
which I'm still working on but have taken a short break 
from as I've been rather obsessed lately with writing my 
Ranma fic, Purple Haired Destiny, (from which I took a 
break from working on chapter three to write this.)

Anyway, let me know what you think. I LOVE C&C of all 
kinds, so send any and all comments to me!

Thanks for reading!

Ryan Anderson
andersor@cs.colorado.edu
http://ucsu.colorado.edu/~andersor/tenchi/ryoko.html



