Name: Celestial Star (For those who don't know me, it's Omar)
Email: celestialstar2001@yahoo.com

Note: Please email me any comment you might have, good or bad.  This is my first 
fan-fic and I need to know my performance.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------
Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer/AIC.  The show is not my doing 
(although I wished it is).  All characters and the events are made by the hard 
working people over at Pioneer and I don't want to be sued by them.  All I take 
credit for are the" what if" events, any enemies not shown on the show, and any 
events that may take place outside the show. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------- 


			Tenchi Muyo:  The Battle for the Future
				A fanfiction made by yours' truly...
				Celestial Star

Chapter 2:  The Beginning of The End

Part 1:  Secrets Revealed

"Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka?  Where are you?  Somebody, anybody?  Where are you?"  
Sasami said weakly as she walked aimlessly in a forbidden place.  She looked 
around the place she was in.  All she can see in and over the far horizon is 
pure darkness and pure silence.  She began to cry weakly as she continues to 
walk on and trying to find her friends.
"Tenchi, I'm scared.  Where are you?  Tenchi, Ayeka, please..." The floor then 
cracked and then shattered and Sasami began to fall down the eternal darkness.
"HELP ME, SOMEBODYYYYYY...!"
Next thing she knows, she was lying down on the ground in a pool of blue water 
(it's blood, but this is a dream so the color is blue.  Sasami is also blue), 
hurt and bruised from the fall, but the emotional pain of being alone was 
greater than the pain of the fall.  Just then, she saw Tenchi appear out of 
nowhere and standing by her side.
"Tenchi, I'm hurt.  Please help me."  Sasami said weakly as a tear trickled her 
face, glad that Tenchi was there.  She saw Tenchi bent down and extended his 
hand to her.  Sasami was reaching for his hand when a dark figure appears behind 
Tenchi and apparently stabbed him through the heart with a light sword.  Then 
the dark figure grabbed the now lifeless Tenchi and began to disappear as Sasami 
began to cry and trying to reach Tenchi, just to touch his hand.
"Please, don't take him away.  Please, don't take him.  Don't take him away."
Just then, Sasami began to sink into the pool as she said her last words.
"Please, don't take Tenchi away, please don't take him...."

	Sasami was screaming quietly now in her futon, crying away as she began to 
wake up.
"PLEASE, DON"T TAKE HIM AWAY, KAIN.  PLEASE!!!!"  Sasami woke up from her dream, 
tears running down her face.  She sat up slowly in the almost dark room in which 
she and Ayeka slept in.  She looks around, but cannot find her sister anywhere.  
She then curled up, putting her head in her knees, and crying because she all 
alone again.  She then got up, headed to the door and headed directly to 
Tenchi's room, sniffling on her way.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

	Tenchi looked around his dark surrounding as he franticly look to find his 
bearings, but with no prevail.  The far horizon beyond his eyes can only see 
pure darkness as he began to call out.
"Where am I?  Is anybody here?  Tell me, where am I?"  There was no answer other 
than the silence that surrounds him.  As he is walking through the area, he 
sense that someone else was there.  Instinctually, he reaches for his right 
side, but his Master Key was not there.  Although he was unarmed, he was 
prepared to fight the unknown evil.  Five minutes past, but he sensed no one. 
"Come out now!  I know somebody is here, so you better come out!"
"No sense to yell.  I can hear you perfectly well."  A voice rang out.  Tenchi 
looked around to see whom the voice came from, but see no one.
"Where are you?  I hear you, but I can't see you."  Tenchi said with a hint of 
fear.
"Who am I is not important at this point of time.  What I'm about to tell you 
is.  You see, Tenchi, your future is at risk of total annihilation.  An evil is 
lurking through the gates of light and has begun to take root in your world."
"What are you talking about?  An evil power is coming?"  Tenchi asked.
"Yes, you can put it that way, but this is even more powerful than all the evil 
combined.  You must prepare or your future would be destroyed."
"Can you tell me what's going to happen?"
"That I don't know...yet, but you protected the one you truly loved, for that 
person and you holds the key of this world."  The voice said as it fades away.
"Remember, your future and her's is at stake..."

	Tenchi abruptly woke up from his dream as he sat up from his futon.  Sweat 
was pouring down his forehead as he grabs his head, trying to put it all 
together.
"My future and my loved one are at stake.  Is he talking about Sasami?  What 
does this mean?"  Tenchi got up and walk over to the window.  He smelled the 
fresh night air as he thought about that last few hours.  After declaring his 
love to Sasami, she and him must be careful about their relationship around the 
other girls until the right time comes for both of them to tell them they are in 
love.  He especially have to be careful around Ayeka, because she might think 
that her younger sister have stolen her true love away from her big sister.  He 
was about to go back to sleep when he heard a knock on the screen door.
"TENCHI, TENCHI, can I come in?"  A familiar voice said.  Tenchi noticed that 
her voice was coarse, probably from crying.  He walk over to the door, open it, 
and Sasami ran in and hug Tenchi.
"Tenchi, I had a bad dream and it's scaring me.  Can I sleep with you tonight?"
Sasami said weakly between cries and sniffles.
"Of course you can, but where is your sister?"
"I don't know, but when I woke up, I was all alone in my room."
"Oh god, your sister can be so...nevermind.  Let's go to sleep."  Both Sasami 
and Tenchi headed for his futon.  As soon they got under the blanket, Sasami 
immediately hug Tenchi very hard, so hard that Tenchi is finding breathing very 
hard to do.  Naturally, he puts his arm around Sasami to comfort her.  Almost as 
fast the hug occurred, she loosened the hold and began to sleep with ease.  
Tenchi began looking over her as she peacefully sleeps in his arms.  Sasami was 
wearing a cute carrot-sleeping kimono with her blue hair tied up in two small 
buns for the night.  He can't help noticing, but she was shaking in her sleep.
"Man, it's cold in here.  That's probably why Sasami is shaking so much."  
Without disturbing Sasami, with one hand, reach over his head to get an extra 
blanket and with one fast sweep, the blanket was over both of them.  Sasami 
clutches his shirt, but then relaxed into a peaceful sleep.  Not knowing what to 
do next, he did the first thing that came to his mind: try to comfort Sasami so 
she won't have the same dream twice.  He begins to stroke her arm gently as he 
thought over his thoughts.
"Man, Sasami must have a very bad dream for her to be in here.  I see her many 
times before in these kinds of situations, but this one very must of disturbed 
her very much.  Poor girl.  The only girl who can bring a smile to the whole 
family, yet she so vulnerable to interior emotions.  I don't why, but she 
probably had the same dream I had, maybe even worse.  I wish I can help somehow, 
but I just don't know how."  Tenchi looked down at Sasami and kissed her lightly 
on the forehead.  She responded by hugging him and whispered very lightly:
"Thanks you Tenchi.  I loved you."
"I loved you too Sasami.  Try to get some sleep."  Tenchi said quietly.  Sasami 
eased into a peaceful sleep, putting her arm around Tenchi as Tenchi eased back 
to think about his dream.
"It's going to be a long night, but I least know that I could be able to rest 
easy." Tenchi thought as he closed his eyes.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	The birds were chirping early as Tenchi woke up to the morning rays of the 
next day.  Waking up to the sounds of the birds and the blow of the morning 
wind, he yawns and looks over to his side.  Sasami was not there, yet the bed 
was still warm.  After sleeping in his room, she probably went to make 
breakfast.
"I hope she okay.  I mean she was pretty shaking up from last night."  Tenchi 
thought.  He looked over to his clock: 5:36 AM.  Already the smell of breakfast 
was filling the air as Tenchi quickly got dressed and headed downstairs.  On his 
way, he passed Sasami's room.  He peeked in to make sure everything is already.  
He sees Ayeka sleeping in her futon, but with a little snoring.  He then passes 
Kiyone's and Mihoshi's room and peeks in.  Mihoshi was soring away as usual, but 
when he looked over to Kiyone, she was shivering.  He went over to her and 
covers her with an extra blanket that he has brought with him.  She stops 
shivering as he thought to himself.
"I feel sorry for her.  Keeping an eye on Mihoshi is hard work."  He walked out 
and headed downstairs.  In the kitchen, he sees Sasami cooking some fish, 
probably some breakfast sushi.  He walks over to Sasami, being quiet so he can 
surprise her.
	Sasami was busy grilling some fish for breakfast, but she was not making 
them as fast as usual.
"I can't seem to be myself today.  Usually I have this dish done already, but 
that 
dream last night was very bad.  Guess I feel down right now."  Sasami signed as 
she continues to grill the fish.  Suddenly she felt two strong arms wrap around
her.  She turns around to see Tenchi smiling at her.
"Good morning, Sasami.  Did you sleep well last night?"
"Sort of.  I was still disturbed from that dream I had.  Otherwise, I'm okay."
"That's good.  I just want you to be happy."
"Thanks, Tenchi-chan" With that she stopped grilling and gave Tenchi a hug, as 
she begins to cry.  Tenchi sense this and he lifted her head, wipe the tears 
gently away with his thumb and gave her a kiss on the forehead.
"So Sasami, what do you want to do today?"  Tenchi asked.
"I don't know, maybe spend time with you will be fine."
"Okay then, lets pack a picnic and after breakfast and head up the mountain.  I 
know a great place up there. But let me pack it.  I want it to be a surprise."
"Oh Tenchi.  Thanks, but what are we to do with the other girls?"
"Don't worry about it.  Leave them to me, but Ayeka will be a problem."
"No worry, I can handle my sister."  Just then, both Sasami and Tenchi heard 
Ryoko and Ayeka yelling at each other as they were in the upstairs hall.
"Must be awake already.  I get the table ready."
"Thanks Tenchi."  Sasami said as he gave Tenchi a quick kiss on the lips.  
Tenchi blushed as he prepared the table.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-
"Ryoko, why must you always trying to seduce Tenchi, even in the morning?"  
Ayeka yelled as she and Ryoko were standing outside Tenchi's room.
"What are you talking about?  I was about to check on him, unlike you." Ryoko 
snapped back.
"What!!!  What do you mean by that?"
"What I mean, little brat, I'm not going to go in there and start trying to get 
Tenchi to love you."
"I would not do such thing.  I just want to say good morning to him."
"Well, too bad.  TENCHI, GOOD MOR..."Ryoko stopped dead in her tracks as Ayeka 
followed her in.
"Well, well, look like Tenchi is already awake from you.  Tenchi, good mor..." 
Ayeka stopped mid sentence as she looked around the room.
"WHERE IS TENCHI!!!"Both yelled in unison.
"Hey Ayeka, you wouldn't think..."
"Impossible, but Mihoshi did said something about him..." Before Ryoko finished 
her sentence, Sasami called from downstairs.
"BREAKFEST IS READY!"  Both Ayeka and Ryoko ran outside and were about to reach 
the stairs when...SLAM!  Both Akeya and Ryoko ran face first into Kiyone's 
bedroom door.
"Coming Sasami.  Give me a few minutes."
"Okay."  Kiyone then closed the door.
Both Ayeka and Ryoko slowly fell to the ground, dazed and hurt.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tenchi and Sasami was putting down the last dish as Mihoshi came walking down 
the stairs, still yawning, apparently still sleeping, but when the scent of food 
was smelled, she woke up, ran straight to the table and was about to grab a 
piece of fish when Sasami slap her hand lightly.
"But Sasami, I'm hungry." Mihoshi whined.
"Not yet, we have to wait for the others." Sasami said as she and Tenchi looked 
at each other.
"That's right, Mihoshi.  We got to wait for Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu, and Kiyone to 
come downstairs." Tenchi said.  Just then, Kiyone came down the stairs, followed 
by Ayeka and Ryoko, both with a deep red mark on their faces.
"Finally, you girls came.  By the way, nice make-up you girls have on.  Maybe 
you two should let me borrow it sometimes."  Washu said, while trying to hold on 
laughing.
"Ah shut up, Washu." Ryoko yelled.
"What happened anyway?" Tenchi ask with some concern.
"When Sasami called us down, we both ran out the door and before he reached the 
stairs, he ran..."
"Head first into Kiyone's door." Ryoko said, finishing Ayeka's sentence.
"Well, that's over.  Let's eat." Tenchi said.  At that moment, all the girls 
started eating and talking.  As the family eats, Ayeka and Ryoko sent quick 
glances at Tenchi, who was talking to Sasami in a way that sent both Ayeka and 
Ryoko through thinking, which they haven't done in quite some time.
"Hey Ayeka.  Look at Tenchi and Sasami."
"I know.  Those two are talking to each other.  So what?"
"Doesn't that seem weird?  I mean, Tenchi is comfortable around her.  Really 
comfortable."
"You know, you shouldn't be...you know.  You're right.  He does seem very 
comfortable around her."  Ayeka said while glancing over to the right.
"You wouldn't think..."
Both look at Tenchi and Sasami for a few seconds, look at each other, then both 
agreed it's nothing to worry about, giving the fact that Sasami is too young to 
win Tenchi's heart.
Kiyone was trying to eat her breakfast while trying to fend off Mihoshi from 
talking all the time.  In the process, she dropped her chopsticks underneath the 
table.  As she is ducking down to pick them up, she glanced over to where Tenchi 
and Sasami were sitting and was surprised to see both Tenchi's and Sasami's feet 
playing footsies.
"What the ... Now that's something you don't see everyday.  Now why would Tenchi 
be playing footsies with Sasami?  Unless...NO WAY!  THAT COULDN'T BE!  Well, 
Tenchi is very friendly with Sasami lately.  Maybe it's a schoolgirl's crush.  
If it is, then how sweet.  If not, then Sasami and Tenchi must have a good 
reason why." Kiyone thought.  She picked up her chopsticks.
Mihoshi is oblivious to everything around her, so she doesn't know anything with 
Tenchi and Sasami.  Washu has just finished eating her breakfast and was about 
to go back to the lab when she decided to take a bath instead.  As she walks 
out, she took a quick glance at Tenchi and Sasami and smiled to herself. 
Nobuyuki was nowhere to be found and Grandfather is sipping green tea as 
thoughts run through his head.
"Hmm...Tenchi has already chosen.  He's happy about it.  Conclusion: Ayeka and 
Ryoko are going to kill him ten times over if they find out."  Grandfather got 
up, turned and said to Tenchi, "Tenchi, practice in 30 minutes."  Then he left.
"Great.  Okay Grandpa.  Sasami, our little picnic will be tonight, dress 
formally because it's going to be special." Tenchi whispered in Sasami's ear.
"Okay, Tenchi-chan.  What about the girls?"
"Leave them to me."  Tenchi winked.  Tenchi got up from the table and headed 
upstairs to get ready for practice.  Then Sasami got up to clean the table, 
wondering what to wear tonight.  Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka, and Ryoko all look at 
Sasami as she hums to herself in the kitchen.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
A bus, from the city of Tokyo stops in front in a front of a stop sign, 1 mile 
from the shrine.  A young boy, around 17 years of age, steps off the bus with a 
simple suitcase with him.  As he got off, the bus driver calls out to him.
"Hey, young man.  Are you sure this is your stop?  I mean, the shrine you're 
heading to is pretty strange."
The young man turn to the bus driver, a smile on his face.
"Yes, I'm sure.  My guardian told me to come here to meet a priest of some 
sort."
"But, I heard there are some kind of curse up there in the forest."
"That's okay.  Besides, I don't believe in such nonsense anyway.  If there were 
something up there, it wouldn't be so hard to handle.  By the way, can you open 
the back of the bus?  I need to take out my staff."
"No problem."  The bus driver pushes a button and poof!  the back of the bus 
open.  The young man walk over to it, took out his staff, and began to head over 
to the shrine.
"Be careful out there."
"Okay and don't worry.  My guardian told me that nothing is going to happen.  
Good day, sir."
"Good day to you too."  With that last statement, he closed the door and headed 
out of the area.  The young man turn toward the direction of the shrine, sighed 
and started walking toward that direction.  As he walking, his necklace started 
to glow, faintly.  The young man didn't notice.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
	30 minutes later, Tenchi and Grandfather were already at the back of the 
shrine, practicing sword technique.  Tenchi is getting pretty good, and 
Grandfather was proud of that.
"Tenchi is getting better at this. Time for something else."  Grandfather 
thought.  He stops his practice and tapped on Tenchi's shoulder.  Tenchi stopped 
and turned around, a confused look on his face.
"Tenchi, you have done well in your form.  Because of that, I will changed 
practice routines.  From now on, all the practice will be free-form sparring, 
using any technique you have learn and any weapon you may choose, let it be your 
samurai sword, you Master Key, whatever you see fit. The fight will only ended 
when I get you in checkmate or vice versa. This way, you can learn that all 
opponents will not have a pre-set form to follow.  All your opponents will use 
deception, cover, and cheats to win.  Apply that what you have learn and you 
will sure to win."
"But, when will this practice began?" Tenchi asked, with sense of hope.
"Glad you ask, because it will start in 20 minutes, so I suggest you get a snack 
before we start."
"But, Grandpa..."
"No buts.  Get going."  With that, Grandpa turn around and head for the shrine.
"Meet me in front of the shrine.  The whole forest is our arena."
As Yosho left, Tenchi groan.
"Great, how am I going to get out of this?"  Tenchi then headed for the house.

Part 2:  A New Visitor

	The young man, nearing to the steps, begins to recoil his thoughts.
"Man, what a life I have been living.  First I don't remember my past after 
arriving here.  Then I almost get blown away by a creature that looks like a 
snake on steroids, which was blown to bits by an old guy.  Later, I learn that 
this creature is a Bioroid, a half creature, half robot, and all magic.  Next, I 
learn that the old guy is a Shoji priest of the Chi Dynasty of China, who was 
the one you rescue me and train me to who I am.  Last, I get sent here by that 
same guy to meet a priest to apparently can help me to revive my memories.  Is 
there any thing that can be worse than this?"  As he near the shrine, he 
stopped, just to see a flight of stairs that seems to reach into the sky.
"I have to ask.  Oh well...if this is what I have to do to find this priest..." 
With this, the young man begins to climb the flight of stairs.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------
"You ready, Tenchi?"
"Yes, Grandpa.  I'm ready."
"Fine."  As fast has he said this, Yosho charge at Tenchi, activating his light 
sword as he goes.  Tenchi easily side step this charge, but felt a big hand that 
slapped him on the head.  Tenchi, feeling sore, pull out his Master Key and 
activate it.  A blue beam slices the air as it reached its highest point.  
Sensing this, Yosho turn around, jump and sent a powerful wave of wind at 
Tenchi.  Tenchi held his ground as the wind passes over him.  Yosho was coming 
down fast for a strike and he need to think of something fast before he gets 
bashed in the head.  He quickly jumps into the air and meet Yosho in a sword 
clash.  They then engage in a fast strike and block fight as they float down to 
the ground.  As they float, Yosho pulled a quick Ki strike with his sword.  
Tenchi dodged it, went into a somersault, landed behind him and was about to hit 
him with a body sword strike when Yosho back kick him in the stomach, grabbed 
his hand and flip him down to the ground.  Luckily, they !
were not far from the ground and he landed in the grass.  Neverless, the impact 
did sting him.  He slowly opens his eyes, he sees Yosho coming down on him.  He 
quickly got up, jumped to the side, just as Yosho's blade slice the tree that 
was beside him.
"Damn.  That was close.  A second later and I have to cancel that picnic 
tonight."
Tenchi was still in the air as Yosho was charging to him.  Tenchi landed on a 
tree truck and sprang off it.  As Tenchi and Yosho are headed to each other, 
Tenchi was planning out his next strategy.
"Got to think.  He's too quick to use a Ki and too smart to use some my 
techniques.  Got slow him down.  This is going to be a long fight."  Tenchi 
panted as his sword and his grandfather's sword landed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------
"197...198...199...200!  Holy cow!  How many steps are there in this whole 
property!  I just climbed 100 steps 30 minutes ago, now I just climbed 200 steps 
just to get to the shrine.  What more is there?  A bomb going off here!"  The 
young man panted as he climbed the last step.  As he step onto the shrine 
property, an explosion was heard in front of the shrine.
"I have to ask."  The young man started to walk toward the shrine, rather slowly 
as he yelled out the owners.
"Hello, anybody here?  Hello, is the local priest in today?"  As he was looking 
for the priest, Tenchi was engaged in a dreadlock with Yosho.
"You're getting pretty good, but you still need practice."
"You're pretty good yourself, but I still..." Just then, he heard somebody 
yelling
from the courtyard.
"What the..." Tenchi didn't get to finish his sentence as he was suddenly sweep 
from underneath.  As Tenchi regain his senses, he sees Yosho with both swords in 
his hands, only inches away from his neck.
"Like I said, more practice for you.  Why did you stop?"
"I heard someone yell out the priest here.  I think he's looking for you."
"Oh, okay.  Get up Tenchi and greet him."
"You too."
"Fine.  I'M COMING!"  Yosho put away his sword and walk toward the voice.  
Tenchi was close behind.

	The young man was still wandering the area when he sensed somebody was 
closed behind him.  He automatically took his bo, sweep it behind him, jump into 
the air, landed on top of him, bo in hand and near his neck, and looked at him 
calmly.
"I'm sorry, but please don't follow me that close."  The young man said.
"O...O...Okay."  Tenchi stammered on.  From a distance, the young man heard a 
sound of clapping.
"Good form, young man.  And to think that I was the best swordman anyway.  My 
name is Yosho Masaki, head priest of the Masaki shrine in the woods.  What's 
your name, young man?"
"The name is Kenji Oseida, sir and I'm here because I was told that you can help 
me recover."  Kenji said while taking a letter out of his jacket.  "I may be 
crazy in explaining why I'm here, so I let the letter explain it."  He gives the 
letter to Yosho, and after several seconds of silence, opened the letter and 
proceed to read it:

	Wass Up, old man
I'm hope I'm not intruding on anything, but I need a big favor from you.  You 
see that young man?  I believe he told you his name, but to refresh your memory, 
his name is Kenji Oseida and he is suffering from a good case of anemia.  Two 
years ago, while I was walking along the beach, I found a young man lying 
unconscious near that big rock I show you.  By the way, I can still beat you on 
top of that rock.  Anyway, after he regains his senses, he doesn't know who he 
is and what are his reasons of being here.  So I took him in and tried my best 
to help him regain his memory.  I was halfway successful at it, well, just 
getting his name back, but every thing else is still unknown to him.  I am 
asking you to help me and help him regain the rest of those memories.  Thanks.

Asako Kumite
             
            P.S.  He has been train in many martial arts, so he could need some 
	practice.

"Well, interesting story, Mr. Oseida.  I be glad to help you.  Before I do so, I 
need to ask you a favor," Yosho said with a smirk.
"And what this may be, sir?"  Kenji said.
"I want you to spar with Tenchi."
"GRANDPA!" Tenchi yelled "YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!  HE JUST GOT HERE!"
"Don't worry about it.  This letter said that Kenji needs practice.  This way I 
can see if he needs to practice or not."
"Oh right!  C'mon Kenji.  Let's see if you..." Before he gets to finish his 
sentence, Kenji has already gotten behind him and has his spear drawn, ready to 
spar.
"I don't know if I am good enough yet, but I will try."  Kenji said.
"Well, speed is not an area you need to practice.  Go on." Yosho said with a 
smirk.  Tenchi, who was still bewildered on what just happen, turn around and 
has drawn out his boken.
"Ready?"
"Ready."  Tenchi has charged forward with a quick overhead strike, but before he 
could land it, Kenji has sidestep the charge, put his foot head high in a 
turning kick, making him hit head first and making him land on his butt.  Kenji 
then got on top of him, spear only inches away from Tenchi's neck.
"To tell you the truth, sir," Kenji said, more at Yosho than Tenchi, "that I 
haven't practice in months."
"You could of fool me.  However, you are welcome to practice with us any time 
you wish, Kenji."  Yosho said.
"Thank you sir, but you can call me Ken."  With that out of the way, he gave out 
a hand to Tenchi, motioning him to try to get up.  Tenchi grab his hand and 
pulled himself up.
"That's going to leave a mark."  Ken said, trying to hold back a laugh.
"Thanks anyways.  By the way, the name is Tenchi."
"No problem, my name is Kenji, but you can call me Ken."
"Tenchi," Yosho yelled, "show this young man where he can stay for the remainder 
of his stay."
"Fine.  C'mon Ken, let's go."  Ken pick up his suitcase and his spear and 
followed Tenchi as they headed to the house.
	In the living room, everybody was busy with their everyday routine.  
Sasami was cleaning the house, as usual, and humming to herself.  Mihoshi and 
Kiyone were playing a video game, occassionity looking up from the game to look 
at Sasami with a bewildered look when Sasami hum too load.  Ayeka and Ryoko was 
fighting again, stopping only when Sasami's humming got too load.  Twenty 
minutes later, every girl was staring at Sasami as she hums and slowly dances to 
her own song.
"Sasami," Kiyone said, breaking the silence, "Are you okay?"  Sasami stop 
humming and turn towards the girls.
"Of course I am.  What made you think otherwise?"
"Well," Ayeka said, "it just that you are dancing while you were working.  Not 
only dancing, but humming and dancing slowly to it.  Are you sure you're not 
sick."
"Of course I'm not sick.  I'm just happy as usual, that's all."  Sasami then 
went back to cleaning the house
"Man, I swear.  It looks like Sasami is in love or something."  Ryoko whispered 
to Ayeka.
"You're right, Ryoko.  It does seem that way to me."
"Maybe we should go ask her about it," Kiyone said.
"But she probably won't answer to anybody except..." All the girls turn to 
Mihoshi, who was looking at them back.
"What!  You want me to talk to her!"
"Well," Ayeka said, "You're the only one that Sasami ever talks to, other than 
Tenchi."
"Then why don't you ask Tenchi to do it?"
"Because it would..." Just then the door open and Tenchi and Ken came in.
"Hello everybody.  How's everybody doing?"
"Fine Tenchi!"  Every girl said.
"Good.  I like you to meet somebody.  He's one of my grandpa's friend's son and 
he will be staying with us for a while."  Just then, a young man of 17 steps out 
from behind him.  The boy has on khaki pants with a dark blue sweater on.  The 
sleeves on rolled up and his hair is combed in a style that hair is covering the 
left side of his face (It's Trowa's hairstyle from Gundam Wing, but with a 
darker brown color).  His spear is strapped around his shoulders.
"Hi ladies.  My name is Kenji Oseida, but my friends call me Ken and you can 
call me that if you want."
"Ken, I like to introduce the family.  The purple haired girl is Ayeka."  Ayeka 
stood up and bowed.  Ken did the same.
"The girl next to Ayeka is Ryoko."  Ryoko waved her hand.
"The two standing near the TV is Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Kiyone is the one with 
teal hair and Mihoshi is the blonde hair girl.  Both girls said hi, but Mihoshi 
was blushing when she saw Ken.
"The red head is Washu and the girl with blue hair in a ponytail is Sasami."
"How are you today?  Would you like some green tea?" Sasami ask, handing Ken a 
cup of green tea.
"I'm fine, Miss Sasami.  Thanks."  Ken smiled and took the cup and took a sip.
"Wow, this is good.  You should go professional."
"Thanks, Ken."  Sasami said with a slight blush on her face.
"Ken, let me show you your room."  Ken followed Tenchi up the stairs as he 
begins to wonder how this young man can live in a house of beautiful girls and 
ck keep himself sane through it all.  Once Ken out of hearing range, the girls, 
except for Sasami who went back to humming and cleaning, all hurdled together.
"Holy shit, that guy is cute.  That hair of his is so cute!" Ryoko whispered.
"I say, Ryoko, that Ken is very handsome, maybe just as handsome as my Tenchi." 
Ayeka whispered.
"Hey, girls," Kiyone whispered, "Did you guys notice that Ken and Tenchi almost 
look the same.  I mean the face that is."
All the girls were still talking about Ken when Mihoshi stood up with a flush 
face went straight to her room and slammed the door.  Kiyone looked at the room 
and has a concern look on her face.  She decided to comfort her after she 
finished crying.
	In vortex space, a big meteor was speeding through the darkness as it 
nears its destination
"Sir, we are nearing the dimension.  ETA: 20 minutes."  A robot said.
"Excellent, remind me when he get there."
"Yes sir."  The wizard then turns and headed to where Kain is held in the next 
room.
"Would you two numbskulls tell me where are we headed?" Kain said as the wizard 
walk in.
"That time will come soon, Kain."  The deeper voice said.
"Fine, then tell me who the hell are you!" Kain yelled.
"Very well.  Since you ask so nicely.  My name is Diablo-sen and my friend here 
is Kagato and..."
"You're full of it.  Kagato died a long time ago in the hands of Tsunami and 
Diablo-sen is just a legend.  I may be captive, but I'm not stupid."
"Could of fool me.  Anyway, the legend is very true. And the fact that Kagato 
died is also not true.  You see, we are after the same thing: power of the 
universe and the Jurian throne and I simply fused with his spirit, or what's 
left of it when I got to his grave."
"Bull!  One, you two are full of shit. Two, I don't need help destroying the 
Jurai power."  Just then, Kain expel a burst of energy, breaking the container 
he was in.  He then formed an energy blast, something he hasn't done in 
centuries.
"And three, I certainly don't need you to help."  He released the energy at 
Diablo-sen, in which the energy just stop only inches away from his face. 
"On the contrary, you do need me.  One, your power is not strong enough to put a 
dent in air.  Two, I have very strong telekinesis powers, in which I can stop 
any projectile.  Three, you are a very important person in my plans and four..."
"You can't possibly defeat us, since we 'recreate' you," Kagato said, finishing 
Diablo-sen's sentence.  The projectile is then redirect to Kain, which he 
decides to sidestep it, but was push back to the wall of another container by an 
unknown force.
"I suggest if you want to suffer no more pain that you stay put and wait!"  
Kagato said.  With that, Diablo-sen left the room; leaving Kain in a state of 
pain that was 10X worse then the pain he felt when he was sliced in half by 
Achika.  The last thing he heard before he went unconscious is 'Come forth, 
Hellfire.'
	At the Masaki household, Tenchi and Sasami are getting ready to leave 
together to the mountains.  Tenchi was in his room, finishing putting on his tie 
as Ken sits on the bed, reading a book.  Ken look up from his readings and ask 
Tenchi about the family.
"So Tenchi, how long has your grandfather been training you? "
"About as long as I can remember.  In a matter of fact, I pick up my first sword 
at the age of 8."
"You pretty good, but you need work on your speed."
"Yeah I know.  By the way, how did you manage to sidestep my attack?  As far as 
I know, that's been my fastest attack."
"There are some things you have to know.  My guardian told me that 1) there will 
always be a way to counterattack, 2) there is a faster attack than that and 3) 
it is pure luck, I guess," Ken said, scratching his head nervously,  "By the 
way, why are you dress up?"  Before Tenchi can answer, there was a knock on the 
door and Ayeka came in,
"So to interrupt, but dinner's almost ready.  Are you that you won't join us for 
dinner, Tenchi?"
"Yes, I'm sure.  I need to be at that assembly.  You know, it's formal and all 
the students need to be there for there."
"Then why Sasami need to go with you?"  Ayeka said, with a tone of whining.
"Because I'm dropping her off at Yugi's house for her birthday party.  If you're 
worried who's going to finish making dinner, it has already been made.  All you 
have to do is reheat on the stove."
"Oh fine, see you in a little while," Ayeka said and she left his room.
"I guess I leave to finish dinner, good luck at the meeting," Ken said.  He got 
off the bed and left the room.  After he left the room, Tenchi pulled out at a 
black box from his drawer, looked at it, and put it into his pocket.
"Tonight the night."  Tenchi said as he went to see Sasami was ready.  He left 
his room and headed to Sasami's room.  When he got there, he barely knocks on 
the door, when Sasami open the door.  Sasami was dressed in a formal Jurian 
dress, modified by Sasami, a dark blue dress with a slit down the left side of 
the dress and a diamond necklace around the neck. The only thing that holds up 
the dress is a wide strap on the right shoulder.  The left shoulder is bare and 
her hair is tied up in a ponytail with a blue crunchie.  
"You look very beautiful tonight," was all Tenchi can say, stunned at this 
sudden change.  Sasami blushed and grab his arm.
"Thanks.  Are we ready?"
"Of course," Tenchi said taking Sasami downstairs.  In the living room, Ken was 
putting the dinner on the table, while Mihoshi help set up the table.  Ryoko and 
Ayeka were arguing, as usual, and Washu was probably in her lab.
"Well, we will be leaving now.  Don't worry about saving us some dinner." Tenchi 
said as he 'picked' up his dad's keys.
"Are you sure that you won't need somebody to come with you.  I can help with 
the politics," Ayeka said.
"Forget it, princess.  You can't help even if it slap across your face," Ryoko 
said, interrupting Ayeka, "let me come with you.  What if somebody attack?"
"Don't worry about me.  Nobody going to attack, I promise.  Well, we will be 
leaving."  Both Tenchi and Sasami said goodbye and left.  Once they got to the 
car, Tenchi drove it down the street, apparently heading to Tokyo, but instead 
turn and parked the car behind some trees, away from view.  Tenchi and Sasami 
got out and they giggled that they actually got out of the house.  Then Tenchi 
blindfolded Sasami, took her hand and gently headed to his secret place.  Sasami 
gently squeezes his and as both head to the mountains.
	Back at the Masaki household, everybody was seated at the table.  Ryoko 
and Ayeka were still fighting over the food, but it was less fighting since 
Tenchi was not there.  Ken was surprised that Tenchi could even live in this 
place of insanity, as his bus driver called it, with four beautiful women.  He 
silently smiled at the thought.
"Heehee, calm yourself, Ken.  Keep your hormones down.  You're here to remember, 
although it will be fun to see what happens," Ken thought. He turns toward 
Mihoshi, who was not talking like she did when he first met her.  Instead, she 
was silently eating, her hand shaking from something.
"Miss Mihoshi, are you okay?"  Mihoshi was startled by this and in reaction, 
dropped her bowl.  As Mihoshi bent down to pick it up, Ken bent down as well, to 
help her.
"I'm sorry, Ken.  I shouldn't...done...I mean, I..." Mihoshi stuttered, 
beginning to cry. 
"Don't be, Miss Mihoshi.  I shouldn't ask.  Here, let me help."  As Ken and 
Mihoshi was cleaning up the mess, Ayeka, Ryoko, and even Kiyone was surprised 
that Ken would be talking to Mihoshi.
"How come she gets to talk to him?" Ryoko whined
"Maybe because she's the only one that's not talking, so it's only natural for 
him to talk to her, to start a conversion," Kiyone answered.  As they finish 
dinner, everybody except Ken and Mihoshi left the living room.  As Ken and 
Mihoshi were cleaning up the table, Mihoshi took a quick glance at Ken, only to 
see that Ken was staring at her.  Both turned away, blushing.  After Ken and 
Mihoshi cleaned up the table, Mihoshi was leaving to watch some T.V and Ken went 
outside, onto the roof, to think over events.  As Mihoshi was watching her 
favorite show, she was distracted by her thoughts.
"Ken seems very nice person.  I mean, the way he help me and how he talk to me 
really made me feel comfortable.  Other than Tenchi, every other boy seems to 
like my body than my feelings.  Even the girls (except for Sasami) here are 
sometimes mean to me.  Like a few hours earlier, when the girls were talking 
about Ken, I really wanted to express my feelings about him.  But when they 
placed a bet on who will get Ken first, I tried to play along, but they said I 
would only mess up and ruining everything.  I mean, I can screw things up, but 
everybody makes mistakes.  I just can't help it.  I just wish..." As she was 
thinking, she fell asleep on the couch.
"Are we there yet, Tenchi?" Sasami asked.
"Just a little farther, Sasami." Tenchi replied.  Tenchi guided Sasami through 
the forest as they near where Tenchi has set up dinner.  
"Okay, we're here."  Tenchi got behind Sasami and took off the blindfold.  What 
Sasami saw was absolutely beautiful (This place was based on one of my 
vacations.  It was so beautiful that even I can't explain it.  Back to the 
story).  She saw a cystal blue lake spread across the horizon, surrounded by 
white sand.  There were no clouds and the moon shines onto the lake, giving it a 
clear reflection.  Near a group of rocks, there is a table set up, with lit 
candles and soft music was playing on the background.  Tenchi took Sasami's hand 
and lead her to the table.  Tenchi help her sat down before he sat down himself.
"So Sasami, how do you like it," Tenchi ask with a smile.
"It's beautiful, oh thank you.  How do you find this place?"
"When I was little, my mom and I found this area while walking through the 
forest.  It's so beautiful and very calm.  I will sometimes come up here to calm 
myself down."
"Oh, Tenchi, it's beautiful.  So this is my surprise?"
"In a way, yes.  I also prepared dinner and kept it warm."  Tenchi went behind 
the rocks and pulled out a grill.  He opened the grill and revealed two steaks 
done Japanese style with grilled vegetables.  Also on the grill is a pot of some 
wonton soup, which is an appetizer.  Tenchi put the steaks on separate plates, 
put some veggies on the plates, pour some soup in separate bowls, and gave one 
plate and bowl to Sasami and the other was given to Tenchi.  Tenchi sat down and 
both begin to eat.  While they were eating, they talk about their life and how 
this may turn out.  Halfway between the dinners, Sasami stop eating and looked 
at Tenchi.
"Tenchi, could you dance with me?"
"Sure, Sasami."  Tenchi and Sasami got up, held each other hands and began to 
dance to the soft music.  Sasami laid her head on Tenchi's chest as they sway to 
the lyrics of the music:

	Life is so full of hurry and hustle
	Sometimes I think it's passing us by
	The days are like hours, hours like minutes
	I'm caught up in it, till I look in your eyes
	And to my surprise, I find there is a heaven
	Timeless and real, making me feel
	Free and alive.

	You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
	I'm on a rocket to some other zone. 
	Baby, you thrill me whatever you're doing
	Don't think of stopping until we are light-years away 
	All alone.. 'cause I want to keep this 
	Treasure for my very own
	You're a talent for love

	Tryin' to move forward, pushing and shoving
	People all get in each others' way
	But when two lovers find their own magic
	Nothing else matter, 'cause they know it will stay
	And I know somehow our spell will not ever be broken
	Timeless and real, making me feel
	Free and alive
	
	You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
	I'm on a rocket to some other zone. 
	Baby, you thrill me whatever you're doing
	Don't think of stopping until we are light-years away 
	All alone.. 'cause I want to keep this 
	Treasure for my very own
	You're a talent for love

	(Guitar solo)


	You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
	I'm on a rocket to some other zone. 
	Baby, you thrill me whatever you're doing
	Don't think of stopping until we are light-years away 
	All alone.. 'cause I want to keep this 
	Treasure for my very own
	You're a talent for love

During the music's repeat, Sasami leans back slightly from Tenchi.  Tenchi 
stroke
Sasami's face gently and leaned forward for a kiss.  Sasami did the same.  Their 
lips almost touched when a low rumbling sound filled the air.  The music 
abruptly stopped and Tenchi and Sasami looked around to see where the sound came 
from.  The ground began to shake and as Tenchi and Sasami held each other, 
trying to hold balance, they turn toward the lake and saw that the lake is 
bubbling.  Tenchi and Sasami start to run the opposite way when the lake 
exploded and out came a creature.  It looks like human, but has metal wings and 
has two horns coming from his head.
"Well, well, well.  Look who I find kissing on their soon to be graves," the 
creature said.
"Who or what are you," Tenchi yelled.
"Oh, how forgetful of me.  I'm Hellfire and I'm here to kill you, so..." 
Hellfire produced a fire sword from his hand, "prepare to DIE!"  Hellfire flew 
straight at 
them, sword in front of him.  Tenchi and Sasami barely dodged his charge when he 
slammed down to the ground.  Tenchi and Sasami hid behind the rocks as Hellfire 
look around for them.
"Where are you Tenchi?  I got a sword with your name on it."  He continues to 
look around.
"Sasami," Tenchi said to Sasami, "stay here while I try to stop him."
"But what if you get hurt?" Sasami ask, a tear coming down her face.
"Don't worry.  I promised I won't get hurt and I promised that you won't get 
hurt as well," Tenchi replied, wiping the tear away.
"Be careful, Tenchi," Sasami said softly as Tenchi activated his Jurian battle 
suit and pulling out his Master Key.
"I will."  Tenchi runs off to face Hellfire.  It didn't take him long to find 
him.
"Hellfire, if you want to kill me, you have to fight me first."
"So, you came to die.  No problem, I will make this quick death."  With that, 
Hellfire flew straight at Tenchi.  Sensing his moves, he jumps into the air to 
meet him head on.  They meet in a sword clash.  Hellfire swings at Tenchi's 
head, but Tenchi easily blocks it.  However, Hellfire's free hand manage to form 
a energy blast, which he used to blast Tenchi into a group of trees, but 
luckily, his suit provide some protection from the crash, but still left a cut 
on his head.  After that, he flew straight at Tenchi, ready to pierce his heart.  
Tenchi sidestep his charge and back kick him even further into a group of rocks.  
Hellfire grunted and flew straight at Tenchi, but met in a sword clash, swinging 
and blocking each other's attacks.  They manage to hit each other several times, 
but either was able to stab each other.
"You're pretty good, for an Earthling," Hellfire grunted, with Tenchi face to 
face in a sword lock, "but it's time to end this, starting with her."  Hellfire 
broke the lock, shot an energy blast at Tenchi, sending Tenchi crashing near 
Sasami.  Hellfire then shot an electrical beam at Sasami, trapping her and 
shocking her to death.  All Tenchi could do was look on as Sasami scream and 
hear Hellfire laugh in pleasure at the torment of Sasami.  
"Please, don't hurt her.  She hasn't done anything!" Tenchi plead.
"Oh really.  Don't worry, you will join her, soon."  Hellfire laugh and 
continues to electrocute Sasami.  Seeing Sasami getting hurt was too much as 
Sasami screams in agony.  Tenchi couldn't take it anymore and released all his 
anger, surrounding him in a beam of light.  Suddenly, three Light Hawk wing 
appear in front of him.  Tenchi put his hands out as two of the Light Hawk wing 
form his Jurian knight suit.  The other form his Light Hawk sword, in which he 
took in his fighting stance.  Hellfire stopped, looking at Tenchi in his new 
form.
"What the... how do you do that?  Never mind, you will die first, you punk."  
Hellfire produced an energy blast, shot it at Tenchi, only to see it sliced in 
half by Tenchi.
"Why you little...I will kill you!"  Then Hellfire surrounds himself in fire and 
flew at Tenchi, changing into a more ugly creature.  At the same time, Tenchi 
flew straight at Hellfire.  Both met and both swung their sword.  They went past 
each other and stop.  No one move, but when Tenchi turn around, Hellfire 
exploded into two halves, then disappearing in a cloud of smoke and blood.  
Tenchi deactivates his suit, ran to Sasami and held her in his arms.
"Are you alright, Sasami?"  Tenchi whispered.
"Yes, I'm okay, but I can barley move," Sasami answered.
"I'm sorry, I promised I won't lose you and I almost did.  I will never leave 
you again."
"Oh, Tenchi, thanks for saving me."  Sasami pulled Tenchi close for a passionate 
kiss, then went into a deep sleep, still in Tenchi's arms.  Tenchi pulled her 
close and kiss her forehead as he too closed his eyes.
	In a place not recognizable to him, Ken walks around in total darkness as 
he tries to place himself.  He looks around to see if somebody is there.  There 
isn't.  Just then, he sensed a presence behind him.  In response, he turned 
around, only to see a cloaked stranger.
"Where am I?" Ken yelled.
"I'm surprised, Ken.  You don't remember?"
"What are you talking about!  If course, I don't know.  I even don't know who 
you are." Ken replied
"Well, take a look around you.  Try to remember."  Ken looked around with his 
eyes.  All he can see was total darkness.  The only light there is was from 
Ken's necklace and the dark blue figure that stands in front of him.
"I'm surprised that you can't remember.  No matter, it makes it easier to kill 
you."  With that, the dark figure produced a light sword and stab it into Ken's 
heart.  As he lose conscious, he took a look at the figure's face, but only to 
see a mask, smiling.
"Too bad..."
	Ken abruptly woke up, screaming.  He looks around to see where he was.
"Where am I?"  He then remembers the events that led him here.  Yes, it was 
Tenchi's house.  He sat up and wipes the sweat off his face.
"It's only a dream, only a dream.  But what does it means?"  He got up and walks 
out the room.
"Maybe some fresh air will do." He said as he walked down the stairs. As he 
passed the living room, he looks in and finds Mihoshi asleep on the couch, in 
front of the TV.  Ken quietly walk over to the TV, turns off the TV, and looked 
over Mihoshi.  Feeling something within him, he kneeled, pick up Mihoshi gently, 
not waking her up, and took her upstairs to his room.  He opened the door, took 
her inside, and laid her down on his futon.  He covered her up and was looking 
at her while she sleeps.
"Well, she does look kind of cute when she's asleep, but there's something 
bugging her.  I know it.  The way she talks to me make it seems that she had 
something on her mind.  Maybe something sad.  Her personality is very kind, 
being nice to everybody else.  I don't want to see something like that happen to 
anybody, especially her.  There is something about her, but I know her from 
somewhere.  I will ask her tomorrow."  With that, he kneels, lends over to 
Mihoshi and placed a soft kiss on her forehead.
"Good night," he whispered.  Then, he got a chair, set near the window, and 
waited into morning, falling into a deep sleep.

How do you like it so far?  Email me at celestialstar2001@yahoo.com any 
comments.

Sasami:  Hey, what's up, gang?  Like my story so far?  Well, read the next 
chapter in this exciting story, "The Midst of Chaos"
Kiyone:  Next time, there is something going on between Ken and Mihoshi and all 
the girls don't like it.  Meanwhile...
Sasami:  Don't tell the story, Kiyone.  Let them read it.  See ya in the next 
chapter!!!



