Name: Celestial Star (For those who don't know me, its Omar)
Email: celestialstar2001@yahoo.com

Note: Please email me any comment you might have, good or bad.  This is my first 
fan-fic and I need to know my performance.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------
Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is owned by Pioneer/AIC.  The show is not my doing 
(although I wished it were).  All characters and the events are made by the hard 
working people over at Pioneer and I don't want to be sued by them.  All I take 
credit for are the" what if" events, any enemies not shown on the show, and any 
events that may take place outside the show. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------- 


			Tenchi Muyo: The Battle for the Future
				A fanfiction made by yours' truly...
				Celestial Star


Chapter 1: Tenchi Chooses.......................................Finally

The sun is just peeking over the horizon as its rays of life brings life to 
the sleeping eyes of animals in the forest.  Birds woke up and started chirping
a new song of soft melody.  At the Masaki household, the usual sounds of 
Sasami's cooking and cleaning rings out throughout the house.  Only 7:00 and 
Sasami is heating the stove for a grand breakfast, for today is Feb. 14.  
Although only 13, she can cook up a storm for any day of the year, but today is 
a very special day, so she decided to add some sweets to the main dishes. 
"Now, little of sugar on this cookie and some cinnamon on these dishes.  Oh, I 
hope that he notices that his meal is very special.  What do you think, Ryo-
Ohki?"
Ryo-Ohki, who was sitting on her head, just meowed in a very happy tone.
"Yeah, I hope that he notices.  It has been a year since Ayeka and I came here 
and he has treated us like a family, but he is very special."  Sasami smiled as 
she softly hums to herself and put the final touches on the meal.
	Out at the Masaki shrine, Lord Katsuhito was doing his morning Tai Chi as 
he quietly thought to himself...
"Hmm, now that Tenchi has reach his age, it is time for Tenchi to choose 
somebody so he can settle down with, or least choose a girlfriend that cares for 
him and he cares for her.  I know that since Sakuya has vanished, he hasn't 
quite gotten over that she is gone for good.  But I know that Tenchi will 
eventually get over it.  Besides, Father will not like a former enemy running 
the Jurian throne anyway.  That's beside the point.  Six beautiful, young ladies 
surround Tenchi and each one of them holds a place in Tenchi's heart.  Let's 
see...

Ryoko...Yes, she is a space pirate and she can blow up a planet if she wanted 
to, but she changed a lot since her former days.  She's calm, if she doesn't get 
near Ayeka, outgoing, maybe a little outgoing, and will give her life to protect 
Tenchi, not that the boy will need protecting, since he is the only one other 
than Tsunami to generate the Light Hawk Wings at his own discretion without the 
help of a tree.
He still has to deal with Washu as a mother-in-law.

Ayeka...Let's see...She's a princess, Tenchi's a prince and the last time I 
checked, a prince and princess fall in love and get married.  But Ayeka goes 
beyond that royalty position.  She is very gentle, calm at every matter, if you 
don't count her fighting with Ryoko, and would care for Tenchi, but the idea of 
domesticity will be foreign to her and Tenchi still has to deal with Azusa as a 
father-in-law, which I know that Tenchi is not on his good side.

Mihoshi...Her job as First-class Detective in ht Galaxy Police will prevent her
to an extent on being Tenchi's girlfriend.  However, that does not prevent her 
to have a good life with Tenchi.  Her youth and na‹ve attitude would be great 
for him and I hope that her 'accidents' won't kill him in the process.  She's 
very outgoing and can bring a smile to anyone's faces with her happy face.  I'm 
little worried if she is chosen, all the other girls (almost all of them) will 
have a death
sentence for her.

Kiyone...Like Mihoshi in the fact that she is too a First-class Detective in the 
Galaxy Police, but the similarity stops there.  Where Mihoshi is clumsy, so to 
speak and relaxed, Kiyone is serious and very cautious.  In fact, it's Kiyone 
who tends to watch out for Mihoshi and tries to keep her in line.  Besides, 
Kiyone already told me that she like him, but nothing more than a friend.  If 
you ask me, Kiyone has a crush on Kiyone, but is too serious to admit it.

Washu...mother to Ryoko and almost have the exact attitudes like Ryoko, but is 
more like a flirter than a lover.  I hope that she knows what she is doing and 
doesn't cause a bigger rift between Tenchi and Ryoko.  I know that the whole 
deal with getting info on the Light Hawk Wings is a hoax and that she is doing 
it if two kids were playing.

Sasami...although she is very young, she has the mind of a mature woman for her 
age.  With her cheerful face, young age and calm life, she would care for him, 
cook for him and do anything to be with him.  I know that Ayeka would not like 
it, but those two have grown closer together.  Tenchi treats her like a little 
sister he never had, but I know that they have grown quite fond to each other.  
Out of all the girls, Sasami has my approval and faith in being Tenchi's 
girlfriend.

I believe that today would not be a good day for practice."  He continues to 
practice as birds continue their routine.

	Tenchi is beginning to wake up to his alarm clock.  He yawns off the signs 
of sleep as he gets out of bed and heads to the windows.  The birds were 
chirping, the gentle breeze of wind hit him in the face as he plans out his day.
"Man, what a beautiful day.  I just don't know how much I miss, due to all the 
chaos that happened.  Sakuya is gone and I'm not over that, but I can try to 
have a nice day."  Then that happy thought turns to fear as he remembers the 
date.
"Oh no, today's Feb. 14.  That's means that today is Valentine Day.  That's 
means that..."
Just then, he heard two sets of footsteps running up the stairs and stopping at 
the door.  He knows those footsteps anywhere.  It was Ryoko and Ayeka, probably 
to get him do walk down the stair with them, either with Ryoko and Ayeka.  
What's
strange to him is that he hasn't heard any argument since that they got to the 
door.
Then he was surprised when the door was opened gently, not by force.  First came 
in Ayeka, in a red kimono with white cotton fluff on the bottom, carrying a 
gift.  Then Ryoko came in a red sweater with a white mini skirt and no fighting 
has occurred...yet.
"Good morning, Lord Tenchi.  How are you feeling today?" Ayeka said with a 
smile.
"Just fine, thanks.  By the way, you and Ryoko aren't fighting.  That's a 
first."  Tenchi said with a hint of happiness.
"Yah, well me and the royal br... I mean Ayeka agree to not fight since today is 
a very special day.  Besides, I want to give you my good side."  Ryoko said, a 
big sweatdrop forming in the process.
"That's good.  Tell you what.  Both of you go down stairs and I come down after 
I do something.  Okay?"
"Okay" Both said in unison.  Then they walk out of the room, without any anger.
Tenchi then got dressed and headed downstairs.  Then he was hit by the sweet 
smell of sugar and breakfast as he head to the living room to join the others.  
Tenchi took his seat in a corner of the table, being careful not to cause an 
argument.  Then out of nowhere, Washu came out of her lab.
"Good morning everybody.  My, my, what a beautiful day today.  Why, Sasami, this 
is different.  You fixed a sweet breakfast.  It looks delicious."
"Thanks Washu.  I think I try something different since today is a special day, 
so enjoy."  Everybody started eating and talking as they discussed how they 
could spend the day.  Tenchi was eating his meal when he notices a sweet 
aftertaste in his meal.  He looks up to Sasami and saw that Sasami was staring 
at him for a brief moment before looking away, blushing. 
"Sasami, thanks for the meal.  It was the best I ever had"
"Thanks, Tenchi.  I really do."  Sasami whispered.
"Man, maybe today will be different.  Maybe some peace and quiet."  Tenchi 
thought as he plans out his day.

	Tenchi was closing the door to the shed outside near the garden and heads 
for the house.  He was stopped by Ryo-Ohki as she heads for the shed.
"Hey, you little devil.  You want a carrot?  You better slow down if you want 
one."  He yelled.  Ryo-Ohki stopped in front of the shed, meowing and jumping up 
and down.
"Okay, one carrot and one only.  I need to save those for dinner."  He said when 
he gave a big carrot to her, noticing how one little cat/rabbit can eat all of 
that w/o a sign of sickness.  Tenchi went out the shed and as he is closing the 
door, he heard a voice.
"HI Tenchi."  That alone almost made him shut the door on his fingers and as he 
turn around, he was facing Sasami.
"Uh, hi Sasami.  I was just getting the vegetables for dinner."
"That's okay.  I came out here to tell you that dinner is almost ready and I 
need to ask you to help me set the table.  Mihoshi fell asleep again" 
"Okay, lets go."  He closed the shed door and Sasami took his hand as they both 
heads for the house.  Tenchi looked at Sasami and her pink big eyes meet his 
gaze and stayed in that position for a brief moment, which seems an eternity for 
her.
She looked away, blushing and not hiding her feelings as much as she tried to 
keep herself from doing something stupid.  She doesn't want to add to the 
confusion, with Ayeka and Ryoko, Tenchi has enough trouble with them.  They got 
to the house and walk in as everybody turned in their direction.
"Sorry we're late.  So everybody, lets eat." Tenchi said with a smile.  He took 
his seat as Ayeka and Ryoko, at the same time, sat next to him.  Tenchi begins 
to worry as they tried to feed him the food Sasami prepared.
"C'mon Tenchi.  Let me feed you.  Besides, Ayeka can feed herself."
"NO TENCHI!!  Let me feed you.  Today's is Valentine Day and I want to do 
something special for you."
"Oh no!" Tenchi thought, "This better not become a fight!"  Unfortunly,  Ayeka 
and Ryoko have grab for the last heart-shaped fish dumpling and are doing a 
staring contest.
"Ryoko, I hope that you not going to break my promise and..."
"Your promise!!!  If I remember correctly, I was the one that suggest they we 
won't fight  and..."
"Maybe being in space to long have affected your memory and your brain that you 
can't even..."
"Looks who talking, princess.  I'm not the one who is always trying to remember 
that try to keep one little promise."
"ARE YOU TRYING TO SAY THAT I FORGET SIMPLE PROMISE!!!"
"NO!!!  I'M TRYING TO SAY THAT YOUR BIG MOUTH SHOULDN'T BE SHOOTING LIKE THAT 
IF..."
"WHY YOU LITTLE BITCH, DON'T BE INSULTING ME OR..."
"OR WHAT, YOUR LOYAL BRAT, YOU'RE GOING TO SHOOT YOUR LIITLE SPITBALLS AT ME!!!"
"THAT'S IT..."
As the two girls were going at it, Tenchi managed to slip out of the living room 
and headed outside.  No one seems to notice, except for Sasami, who managed to 
say to Mihoshi to clean up the table.  Knowing her, she probably finishes eating 
because of her big appetite.  She headed outside and began searching for Tenchi.
	Half an hour later, Sasami found Tenchi sitting at the roots of Funaho.  
He was leaning against the tree in a sitting position with his eyes closed.
"He looks so peaceful and calm, but I wonder if I should disturb him.  He does 
want some peace and quiet"
Sasami was about to leave him, but she knows that Tenchi would probably need 
somebody to talk and she wanted him to feel better about himself, so she headed 
towards his direction.
	Tenchi opened his eyes, only to see Sasami walking towards him.  He smiled 
as she came to him and sat down.
"Uh, hi Sasami.  Sorry if I left too early.  I want to let things cool down 
between those two."
"That's okay, Tenchi.  I pretty much understand why.  Ryoko and Ayeka fight all 
the time, just to get your attention.  You know why they do it right?"  She 
knows he knows the answer, but she want to hear this for herself.
"Pretty much.  It's hard to choose one of the girls without hurting the other.  
They constantly get into each other cases.  I don't even know if I ready to 
choose yet.  By doing so, one will be heartbroken and do anything to fix the 
problem.  I just wish there was a better way to find out who would be the one I 
will choose."  He replied softly.  The sun was just setting over the horizon and 
the remaining light cast a light shadow over Tenchi.  Sasami couldn't help but 
gazed at him.  He's very handsome, but his heart and his honestly at matters, 
the way he spoke and the many emotions that played across his face is new to her 
and honestly is the only way that she can play now.
"Don't worry, Tenchi.  I know that choosing one would be painful for you, but 
you don't have to choose yet.  In time you will have to choose.  You will break 
more than one heart, but that couldn't be helped.  It will happen.  I read Shojo 
magazines to learn how people feel in these situations, where you have to 
choose.
It's hard for a person to choose as well as the one who was not chosen.  If 
anything I have learns is that love is not a fair game.  Someone will be 
heartbroken.  You may not know this, but Mihoshi and even I wait for the day you 
will choose the one true love."  She looks down, blushing at what just happened.  
That's all she can say and only hopes that he would understand.  There is one 
thing left to do and she decides to take the risk.
	Tenchi slowly look up to Sasami.  He watch her sitting there and his words 
just left him.  She loves him as well as anybody else.  That's it, he thought.
Everything seems to connect into place.  The way she cooks something special 
just for him, worrying about him, and all the simple things.  She letting him 
knows that she loved him without causing any more trouble than there already is.  
He didn't realize that she would even like him.  He treats her as a little 
sister ever since she came here, but something else click.  He didn't realize 
that he was staring at her, until her pink, soft eyes meet his and they locked 
in place.  He felt something warm inside him and all the morals and values in 
the whole world melted away as she brought her parted lips to his in a soft, but 
lingering kiss that she put all her love and warmth of feelings into it.  He 
felt her hands go around his neck as he got lost in this embrace.  After a 
minute or so, but to her, it seems like an eternity, she brought back her head, 
ending the kiss, her eyes meeting his.  Tenchi held that gazed, not knowing what 
to do next.  It was so unexpected.  Was this Sasam!
i, the Sasami that I was living with for the last year, the Sasami that always 
cares for others, he thought.
	Sasami just looked away, slightly embarrassed and blushing lightly.  She 
wasn't sure she did the right thing, but she has gotten her point across.  She 
was, however, surprised that she let her emotions get out of hand and expressed 
it to Tenchi.
"Uh, I'm sorry Tenchi.  I just didn't know why I..."
"That's okay, Sasami.  I mean, I enjoyed it.  I just never thought that you, 
well, you know, that you felt this way...until now." Tenchi said softly.
	She looked back at him, her gaze meeting his, then laid her head on his 
chest.  
"I love you, Tenchi.  And I will always love you." Sasami said with the urge to 
cry. "I don't want to lose you, and will do anything to see you, but I'm ready 
to accept whoever you will choose.  I won't fight like my sister and Ryoko and I 
won't get in the way.  I just want to see you happy with somebody, although it 
will not be with me. With this last statement, a tear trickled down her cheek as 
she held him tighter.
	Tenchi tried to rationalize what just happened.  This little girl, the 
little girl that I'm holding, just poured her heart out to him.  She felt small 
in his arms and that made him to hold her tighter and began thinking about her.  
"I just don't know what to do.  She is so young, but I know that she has given 
this a lot thought.  A young girl out on a journey of love, yet she ended up 
sadness."
She was silent and still in his arms as the night air breeze flow across their 
bodies and the night air breeze flow against their arms.  This made both of them 
to hold each other tighter.  She had on a blue-teal kimono with a whit sash 
across her waist.  Her hair is worn as always in a pigtail style.
"I know that in my heart that I love you as well.  You hardly look like a woman 
on the outside, but deep inside you're a very mature woman.  It will take some 
convincing, but you're the one I will choose.
He pulled his arms from Sasami and looked into her pink, yet sad eyes as he held 
her gaze with his.
"Sasami, I love you too."  He said with all his heart put into it.
	Sasami couldn't believe it.  He loves her as well.  She smiled, her heart 
getting ready to burst out as she looked into the eyes of her newfound love.
"Oh Tenchi!!" She hugged him tight, even happier than ever before as she cried 
softly onto his chest.  Inside her, she knew that Tsunami was overjoyed, but 
worried a little a bit that Tsunami might take over in their most intimate 
passions when Tenchi and her were alone, but all those thoughts melted away as 
Tenchi lifted her chin gently and kissed her passionly.  
	Tenchi knew that before he can convince the other girls of his choice, he 
has to be careful when kissing Sasami and since it would be awhile until that 
time, he would make this kiss she will never forget.  He slowly parted her lips 
with his and explored her tongue with his, exploring its sweetness.  New to this 
sensation, she tentatively did a little exploring of her own, finding that this 
sensation is filling her inner most desires.  The kiss lasted for a good 20 
minutes, though they never notice the time fly by.  Tenchi ended the kiss, 
pulling back and sucking on her bottom as he pulls back.
	Sasami slowly opened her eyes, the wanted feeling she long desire still 
coursing through her body.  She looked down, a small blush on her face.  This is 
the first time she was kissed in this way before, although she have read it a 
number of time, and for the rest of her life, she will never forget this moment.
"I think it's time to go back.  Everybody will be worried." He said softly.  
Sasami simply nodded and took his hand as they started their way back to the 
house.  As they near the house, they gave each other one last look then they 
walk in, with everybody sitting at the table, with worried looks as Tenchi 
figured.
"Tenchi, Sasami, we were worried about you two!  Where were you guys!?"  Ayeka 
whined, in her royal way.
"Yeah, I was worried sick.  I though you were kidnapped by some seduceness and 
made her a slave."
"Sorry guys." Tenchi said, "I just needed to get away from you guys until you 
two calmed down.  From now on, take you fight outside."
	Both agreed and Tenchi and Sasami sat down, side by side, to finish 
dinner.  Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other and wondered if it was by luck or 
something else...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------
"They got together at last.  It has be written in the stars that they will."
"Yeah you're right.  Look at them.  They seem so peaceful together."
"I should know. I am basically her myself."
"Now that those two are together, every scum from every dimension will try to 
stop them from being together forever."
"That's where you come in.  I need you to protect those two."
"That I already know.  If he dies, I will die as well..."
"How?"
"That's my secret, but I have to keep him alive..."

End of Chapter 1

Well, how did you like it so far?  Email your comments.

 
