Beautiful yet dangerous - Chapter 1: Mikami's awakening

 The goddess stirred.  After more than a year's rest and recuperation, she was 
ready.  She sat upright, slowly, the bed sheets crinkling around her.
"The Goddess Makami awakens!" came a voice from deep within the corridor, 
footsteps soon to be heard afterwards, fading as the man ran off to tell others.
Makami tried to concentrate.
 "What year is it?" She asked herself aloud.
 "It is the year 2002, Your Highness," came a voice from Makami's left shoulder.
 Startled, she gasped, but soon relaxed as she recognized the voice.
 "Ah, Kazima," she said with some relief evident in her tone. "It is time."
 Kazami, who was Makami's right-hand man, bowed and exited, his heavy armor 
making a clunking sound as he walked.
 Makami chuckled lightly, then heaved herself out of her bed - the place where 
she had been for the last year or more - and walked over to her window, which 
overlooked the palace garden. Every flower was the same as she had remembered it was 
before she had taken her long, long rest. The Irises were in full bloom, as were the Roses, 
Tulips and, Makami's favorite, The Royal Teardrops.
 Kazima re-entered, carrying a long, golden staff.  Set at the end, middle and top 
were three sets of three elemental stones: fire, water, and land.
 Makami smiled - almost wickedly - as her staff was handed to her.
 
"The power," she said silently, clutching the staff to her. "I feel my powers returning to 
me, Kazima."
 "Very good, my lady," Kazima said, letting the corners of his mouth turn up to 
form a wicked grin.
 "We will depart in a week," Makami began. "First, however, I must become more 
accustomed to the elements."
 "Yes, my lady, as you wish."
 
Part 2:
 Ryouko yawned and stretched on her perch on the rafter above the Masaki living 
room.
 "Man, what a boring day," Ryouko snorted, taking a long draw of her large bottle 
of sake.
 The doorbell rang.
 "Damn," Ryouko said aloud. "Hey! Door!" she yelled, causing Mihoshi to fall off 
the couch.
 "Ouchie." Mihoshi groaned, rubbing the back of her head.
 The doorbell rang again.
 "Yes, yes, I'm coming!" Mihoshi shouted as she stumbled to her feet.
 She opened the door to see Tenchi, carrying a whole basket full of carrots.
 "Tenchi!" Ryouko shouted, teleporting in front of Mihoshi, causing her to fall 
over backwards and land flat on her bottom.
Tenchi blinked. "Uh." he began, but before he could say or do anything, 
Ryouko had grabbed the carrots and was already on her way to the kitchen.  Once there, 
she took about 10 or 12 carrots -she didn't really count them-and put them in the fridge.  
Satisfied, Ryouko took the rest out to put them in the storage and vegetable shed, then 
teleported back into the living room.
"Whew, thanks Ryouko," Tenchi said with a smile.
"Sure thing!" she said, smiling also.
"Oh, are Sasami and Ayeka home yet?" He asked, removing his dirty work gloves 
and shoving them in the pockets of his jacket.
"No, not yet," Ryouko said, stretching her arms. "I don't think they'll be home for 
dinner, Tenchi."
"Oh, well," Tenchi said, stretching also. "I guess we'll have some instant noodles, 
then,"
Ryouko nodded and called her sake to her, via telekinesis. "And we'll wash it all 
down with this!"
 
Well, this is the first part of a series!  Sorry if it takes me a while to get the
other chapters done, but I have lots of school work to do.  Any questions, comments, etc
e-mail meh at Ryoko4ever2001@yahoo.com Thanks!