Disclaimer: I don't own the Tenchi characters; they are copyrighted by AIC 
and Pioneer.

Anime Series: Tenchi
Continuity: Doesn't Matter, starts in OAV
Rating: PG-13 -- mild swearing and some sexual-related stuff
Notes: This entire fic is hypocritical and most likely stupid.  If this fic 
pisses
you off, tough.  I guess this could be considered a warning. ^_^  Thanks to 
The
Entry Plug and Rowsdower for pre-reading this for me.


Beautiful Mirage
By, Heather B. Kytes

	Tenchi was dreaming about cats when he felt a hand on his shoulder.

	Years of practice had molded his reflexes, and his arm shot out, knocking
the hand away.  "Ryoko, go away," he murmured in a tired, exasperated tone.  
"Go
back downstairs."

	"Tenchi."

	He opened his eyes and immediately turned as red as the blood coming out of
his nose.  Sasami stood at his bedside, only she was different.

	Tsunami's gentle eyes stared back at him.

	Her clothes had ripped in a few choice places.

	He looked away quickly, holding a hand up to his nose to stop the flow of
blood.  "Um, Sasami?  Are you...?"

	"We are one," Sasami/Tsunami answered gently.  From the corner of his eye, 
he
could see her adjusting her clothes to cover more flesh.  "I wanted you to 
be the
first to know, Tenchi."

	He recognized Sasami's exuberance in the last comment, and he grinned.  
"Were
you ready, Sasami?" he asked, staring down at the bedspread, relieved that 
the blood was
finally slowing.

	"It doesn't matter," Sasami replied, her tone carrying Tsunami's serenity.  
"All
of this, right now, is a dream."

	Tenchi wrinkled his brow and chanced a look at the girl, er, woman.  She 
was
decent... er.  "What do you mean?"  He wondered about the things she could 
see now that she
was merged with a goddess.

	"Everything we've ever thought was real was someone's dream," Sasami said,
sounding almost sad.  She looked down at him with a grim line on her face 
replacing the
smile.  "Everything we do is their words."

	"Words," Tenchi muttered, confused.  "Did you hit your head, Sasami?"

	His words made her smile.  "No, Tenchi, we will not get hurt.  It is not 
her will."

	"Her will?"  Tenchi's confusion deepened.  "Who?"

	"She that is creating this truth for us.  It is complicated indeed."  
Sasami shook
her head.  "She is letting me see this, I can tell.  She is giving me the 
reality of
this world."

	"What are you trying to say, Sasami?" Tenchi asked, gazing up at her 
earnestly.
"I want to understand you."

	Sasami's smile was sorrowful.  She sighed softly.  "Then I will follow her. 
  I
guess I have no choice in the matter anyway."  She stared at the ground, 
blinking
several times in succession, as if holding back tears.  "I will show you the 
truth of
everything, Tenchi, but it will hurt."

	"What is everything?" Tenchi questioned.

	"This," Sasami said, lifting her head and spreading her arms wide.  Her 
clothes
returned to their initial state of disarray, but Tenchi was too preoccupied 
with
concern to notice.  "Existence.  Life.  Sentience."

	"Okay," Tenchi said slowly.  He would humor Sasami.  "What is it?"

	"It's all a beautiful mirage," Sasami murmured, gesturing around them.  "A
beautiful, horrible mirage."

	Tenchi's mind was slow in absorbing her words, but he was beginning to 
understand.
The change had turned Sasami insane.  He felt his throat tighten.  "Explain 
it to me,
Sasami," he said hesitantly, unsure if this was the correct move.  Maybe if 
he went
along with it, she would return to normal.  Yeah, just like that.

	<A beautiful mirage> Tenchi thought, the phrase sticking in his mind for 
reasons
unknown.  <Beautiful as it is horrible.>

	"I will show you," Sasami whispered, a tear rolling down her cheek as she 
grasped
Tenchi's hand in hers.  "But you will not like it.  It might kill you."

	Tenchi doubted he was that weak, though seeing her like this was a heavy 
emotional
blow.  "Please, show me," he said firmly, standing next her.

	Sasami nodded.  And they were gone.

	Blackness all around.  Tenchi struggled to adjust his sight to the inky 
black,
but to no avail.  "Sasami?" he asked, the only indication that she was still 
there the
feel of her hand encircling his.  He tightened his grip.  "Where are we?"

	"This is all that is," Sasami said.  She traced her thumb over the back of 
his
hand.  "This blackness.  The feel of our hands joined comes from the 
blackness."

	Maybe she was not insane.  Maybe she was a goddess.  This experience 
certainly was
not natural.

	<Am I going to understand a word of this, even if she shows me everything?> 
Tenchi
wondered doubtfully.  "I don't understand."  He knew he would be saying that 
a lot
throughout this experience.

	"The human soul.  The alien soul.  The soul of a tree.  The soul of a 
killer.
All of it resides here, in this blackness.  Where they wait."

	"Wait for what?" Tenchi asked.

	"The words.  The dreams," Sasami replied quietly.

	"I don't--" he began.

	"Of the creator," Sasami cut in.  "The creator takes the dreams and places 
the
words into sentences, into paragraphs, into stories.  The stories, Tenchi, 
they are
the reality.  They paint the pictures that we see.  They..."

	Tenchi looked into the nothingness around him.  "Wait.  I don't see any 
souls.
Why are they black?  Why is this place empty?"

	"We are all empty until we are filled with the creator's words," Sasami 
said
gently.  He heard a smile in her voice.  "We are but clay to be molded."

	<She can't expect me to buy this.  She can't be serious.  But...>  He 
looked around
him again.  <...then where are we, and how did we get here?  Is this an 
illusion?  A
mirage, like she said?>

	"We think that we make choices, but it is their will that guides us.  I 
*have* to
hold your hand until *she* says I can let go.  Do you understand, Tenchi?"

	"You keep saying 'she'.  Are you talking about Tsunami?" Tenchi asked.

	"No.  She.  The creator of this... story."  Sasami's voice was thick with 
sorrow.
"That's what it is.  A story, based on a story.  There are dozens of them.  
Hundreds.
Maybe even..."

	Tenchi coughed.  The blackness could have been seeping into his chest, 
filling his
lungs with its poison.  He did not know why it evoked such strong emotions 
in him.  The
worst being sorrow.  The sorrow of nothing.  Nonexistence.  "Do we have to 
stay here?"
he asked.  "I don't like the dark."

	"Me neither," Sasami said quietly.  "I like the light."

	The change was quick enough to make Tenchi's head spin and his eyes burn.  
He was
in an unfamiliar bedroom, bright with artificial light.  He squinted until 
his eyes
adjusted, which took several seconds.  Sasami dropped his hand and walked 
over to a
large cabinet.  The right door was opened, displaying a large videotape 
collection.

	"What are we doing here?  Um, where is here?" Tenchi asked, appraising his
surroundings.  The room was clean with a simple layout.  The most 
spectacular thing in
the room was the posters on the wall, all of which displayed the smiling 
faces of
familiar people.

	He gasped.  "Why are we on the wall?"

	"This is a bedroom of one of your fans," Sasami explained, rummaging 
through
the videos.  She placed one aside and turned to look at him.  "He really 
likes the
show."

	"Show?"

	Sasami shook her head.  The television turned on, and she slipped the video 
into
the VCR.  "Watch."  Her voice was gentle but commanding.  "Remember."

	All of a sudden, he and Sasami were on board the Soja.  Kagato watched as 
Tenchi
struggled to get his foot out of the dimensional gap.  Tenchi watched the 
scene in front
of him with wondering eyes.  He remembered the events from when he had 
fought Kagato.
"How can this be?" he asked, his eyes focused on his exact double, his past 
self.  Despite
the fact that he knew Kagato was going to lose, his heart jumped when the 
fatal blow
struck.  There had been a moment of doubt when the victor was not clear.

	"This is your past," Sasami said matter-of-factly.  "To them, it is 
entertainment."

	Tenchi blinked.  "Someone was filming my life?"

	Sasami raised a quizzical eyebrow.  "Someone wrote your life," she 
corrected, "to
be entertainment."

	"Whose entertainment?" he demanded.  He could not believe any of this.  He 
remembered
everything she was showing him.  She had just somehow taken them into his 
memory.

	"To them, this is an animated series.  They refer to it as the OAV."  She 
glanced
sideways at him.  "Next to come was the TV series."

	Before he could speak, the scene dissipated in front of his eyes, and 
another appeared.
He watched as a guy who looked like him stopped to help a girl who looked 
like Ryoko.  She
was lying on a rock with her eyes closed.  The guy poured water into her 
mouth, and her
eyes slowly opened.

	"I don't remember that," he said, frowning.

	"That is because this is a different reality for you," Sasami explained 
quietly.  She
was watching the scene with unfazed pink eyes, as though none of this was a 
shock for
her.  "You will only remember their OAV world, because you are that Tenchi."

	"So that's me?" Tenchi asked, pointing to the eerie double.  "Only like... 
a 'me'
in an alternate universe?"

	Sasami nodded, smiling slightly. "You are finally beginning to understand.  
Correct,
the Tenchi we are seeing is from another reality.  But you must understand 
that it is
only our reality, not theirs.  To them, it is but another animated series.  
Another form
of entertainment."

	"Huh?"

	Sasami lost her smile.  "I guess I should not expect you to understand so 
quickly.
That is alright.  As I was saying, they refer to this reality as the 
television series.
There are various differences between it and the OAV."

	"The what?"

	Sasami sighed.  He was trying her infinite patience.  "Your reality, 
Tenchi.  Where
*we* came from.  Please try to pay attention."

	He nodded.  "Sorry Sasami."

	"It's okay."  She continued her explanation.  "There is another series to 
consider,
but I do not think we have to talk about it."

	"Why not?"

	"Because it sucked."

	"Oh."  He was curious, but chose to stay silent.

	"Do you understand now that you are nothing but a creation used for 
entertainment
purposes?  That everything you ever believed was true was written by someone 
else?  That
our reality, by default, isn't real at all?"

	"But I feel real," Tenchi murmured.  "I'm breathing, and my heart is 
beating."

	Sasami chuckled.  "Do you want it to stop?"

	Tenchi took a step back.  "Of course not!"

	"Then you would die."  Sasami nodded.  She leaned forward and whispered, 
"You always
knew that death was a certainty, Tenchi.  You just never knew how it would 
come.  You know
now..."  her voice grew softer, "...that she is the one with the power to 
end your life."

	Tenchi trembled and pulled further back.  "But I don't... want to die."

	"I told you we would not get hurt, not now," Sasami replied.  "Do you 
believe me?"

	"I don't know what to believe!" Tenchi exclaimed, folding his arms across 
his chest
angrily.  He glared at her.  "All of this is lies.  It has to be!"

	"The lies are what you believe," Sasami replied.  She grabbed his hand once 
more.
"You will see."

	Tenchi had long passed the point where he cared what Sasami was saying.  He 
wasn't
buying her story.  <I'm mortal.  I'm alive.  These are just tricks of hers.  
Tsunami is making
her do this.  She must hate me for some reason.  Maybe because of that one 
dream...>

	His thoughts were interrupted at the change of scenery.  Back in the 
bedroom.  Sasami
turned on the computer in the corner.  "The videos were just the beginning," 
she said.  "Then
came the fans, people who watched the show and grew attached to the 
characters.  People
who were entertained and fascinated by it.  Some even wrote stories based on 
the videos,
placing the characters in different situations and creating new realities.  
This is called
fanfiction, stories written by fans of a particular show."

	Tenchi snorted.  His mood was still sour.  "Who cares?" he asked.

	Sasami's face darkened.  "You will, when you see the various pictures that 
have
been painted for us."  She beckoned.  "Come."

	He had no choice.  In the next instant, he was beside her, and on the 
computer screen
was a text file.

	"What's that?" he asked.

	"A fanfic," Sasami answered.

	"What, you want me to read it?" he asked.

	Sasami shook her head.  "I want you to live it."  She placed one hand on 
the screen,
and the other on his arm.

	One second, he had been standing next to Sasami, and in the next, Ayeka and 
Ryoko
were crawling all over him, doing most... improper things to every area of 
his body.  It
did not seem unusual in the slightest, however, and he lay back, enjoying 
the ride.

	It seemed to go on forever, but in the next instant, it was over, and he 
was back with
Sasami by the computer.

	"What was that?" he asked when he finally found his voice.  The shock of 
actually
having sex had blown his mind.  His body was still tingling from the foreign 
pleasure.

	Sasami looked smug.  "A lemon fanfic.  Happy?"

	He blushed furiously as he realized she knew everything he had experienced.
"Um... er..." He struggled for a response.

	The emotion disappeared from Sasami's face, replaced with an eerie 
tranquility.
"Another one," she murmured, repeating the procedure of one hand on the 
screen and one on
his arm.

	He watched as Ryoko died in front of his eyes, looking at him and mouthing 
that she
loved him.  He started to cry bitter tears over her corpse.  He loved her, 
too.

	Tenchi frowned as he reappeared next to Sasami.  "I didn't like that one," 
he
said.  "It wasn't much fun."

	Sasami rolled her eyes.  "Not as *exciting* as the first one, huh?" she 
asked
pointedly.

	He blushed again.  "Not really," he mumbled.  The sorrow he had felt 
returned, and
he looked down. "I loved Ryoko."

	Sasami nodded.  "That's a popular choice," she said.

	"What?"

	"Fans seem to want you to pick Ryoko over the other girls.  They write 
about it
a lot."  She wrinkled her nose.  "Horrible things, most of those stories.  
They like to
trash Ayeka or ignore her completely in some of those."

	Tenchi glared.  "Who would want to do that?  Who *could* do that and still 
call
themselves a fan?"

	Sasami peered at him.  "There's worse."  She grabbed for his arm again.  
"Much
worse."

	He was outside, working in the field, when Sasami walked up to him, smiling
innocently.  She greeted him warmly, informing him that lunch was prepared.  
He thanked
her, but his mind was far from thinking about food.  All he could think was 
that
Sasami looked pretty hot in her dress.  He was about to discover that for an 
eight-year-
old, she sure could maneuver in a lot of interesting...

	"Damn!" Tenchi cursed when he was back.  He could scarcely look Sasami in 
the
face.  He was redder than a sheet and angrier than a bull looking at it.  
"That was
wrong!  That was horrible!  How could someone write that?"

	"You enjoyed yourself," Sasami observed.

	He exploded.  "I did NOT enjoy that act of pedophilia, Sasami!  I never 
thought
of you that way!  It's wrong!"

	"Wrong," Sasami said, though not in agreement to his statement.  "You never
*think* of me that way.  When you were inside that fic, that reality, you 
only thought
what the author wanted you to think.  He made you think that way, and he 
made you enjoy
it.  Don't you see it yet?  Whatever that person wants you to be is what you 
will be.
The creator will take you out of the empty blackness and fill you with 
whatever he or
she desires.  They can make you do things you never would have done in your 
reality.  It
doesn't matter that it isn't right or that you don't like it."

	Tenchi was exasperated.  "Why not?  It should matter that it's not right!"

	"It doesn't because it's not real.  It's only words, Tenchi."

	"You just said that *everything* is words!" Tenchi exclaimed.  His anger 
was
endless.  Her calm demeanor was infuriating.  Didn't she care that her 
younger self had
just been violated?  "If everything is words, then how can it NOT matter?"

	Sasami shook her head sadly.  "You're right," she said quietly.  "But what 
can
we do?  We cannot stop the flow of words onto paper, into computer.  The 
desire to create
is too strong.  We will have to live what they decide to write for us.  We 
will feel
what they want us to feel.  We will love who they say and die when they 
wish.  We have
no say in this, Tenchi.  We can only wait in the blackness to be filled with 
light."

	"Light?" Tenchi shouted.  "You call that trash 'light'?  I had sex with a 
child,
Sasami.  ...YOU, for godsakes!  I..."  He slumped forward in defeat, the 
anger draining
from him.  The look on her face said it all.  Even his anger was futile.

	He wondered for the first time who was writing *this* story...

	...and how it would end.

	"It's not all bad," Sasami whispered, sounding like herself.  The parts of 
Tsunami
he had seen in her were gone, and she was just a scared little girl inside a 
woman's
body.  "I can see a lot of stories out there that are... nice.  Written 
by... nice
people."  She gazed at the floor.

	"But what about the people writing it?" he asked.  "How do we know that 
*they*
are real?  Maybe they're characters, just like us."

	"Maybe," Sasami said, shaking her head.  She straightened and regained her
composure.  "That holds no bearing on us.  We can only live through them."  
Her eyes
were shining as she held his arm one last time.  She was smiling brightly.  
"Sometimes
it's beautiful."  She placed her other hand on the computer screen, and he 
was gone.

	He lived a thousand lives, each different than the last.  He knew he was 
living
through the alternate realities, the different stories.  He knew Sasami was 
only letting
him see the beautiful ones.  Sometimes he laughed, sometimes he cried.  
Sometimes he
lived happily ever after, sometimes he died in terrible ways.  Sometimes he 
was given
everything he desired, sometimes he was left with nothing but sorrow.  
Occasionally, he
found a tale with no ending, and a part of him would feel saddened at the 
lack of
closure.  Sometimes the world dragged on, sometimes it flew by too quickly.  
All this
he knew in the instant he was back by Sasami's side, looking at her face 
with wonder.

	She had been right.  They had all been so beautiful.

	Maybe the beauty could outlast the decay.

	"All of that was... my lives?" he asked finally.

	"Our lives.  Our light."  She touched a warm hand to his forehead.  "Maybe 
we
will remember when we go back to the darkness."

	Tenchi stiffened, his joy waning.  He had forgotten that this was a story 
as well.
He began to worry, looking to Sasami for comfort.  There was no comfort in 
her pink
eyes, only grim acceptance of their fate.  "Have you finished showing me the 
truth?"

	Sasami stared back at him evenly, removing her hand from his head.  "I 
showed you
the truth long ago.  It is only now that you have come to accept it."

	"I'm not dead," Tenchi murmured, covering his mouth with his hand.  "You 
said the
truth might kill me."

	"It was not in her plan," Sasami said.

	"A girl is writing this," Tenchi murmured.  A question came to mind.  "Can 
I see
her?"

	Sasami shook her head.  "I don't think so."

	"Oh," Tenchi said, accepting the response.  He sighed, his anxiety 
worsening.  The
fear was growing as he delved deeper into his newfound revelations.  <I'm 
just a pawn of
this writer.  Of any writer.  They can make me do anything.  I could die 
right now in the
most horrible way and suffer so much.  I could be forced to go through every 
torture
known to mankind... and maybe some new ones.  I'm... scared.>  He shivered.  
"So all
this comes to is... that I have no control over any of this?  Everything I 
do here is
someone else's will?  Everything I feel is given to me by some writer?"

	"Is it so bad?" Sasami questioned.  "You have seen all of the wonderful 
things
that come from the blackness.  These fics and videos are more than scripts 
to control
you.  They touch people.  They change people.  They make people happy."  A 
tear shone
in the corner of her eye.  "We make people happy.  I feel... good to know 
that I cause
people joy.  Like I said before, Tenchi, we are nothing but a beautiful 
mirage," she
said quietly.  "Beautiful as we are horrible."

	"I don't understand!" Tenchi exclaimed, the fear taking him over 
completely.  He
knelt in front of her.  "Wha- what happens when they stop writing, Sasami?  
When *she*
stops writing?" he asked in a shaky voice.  "What happens when the story is 
over?"

	She smiled and spoke gently, "The end."
