Because It's There

By Ozelon

Part 6: The Band

One day at the Hot Spring, Tenchi was trying to figure out why all the walls
fit so well together when...an idea came upon him. After recovering from the
headache this caused him, he went to tell his idea to the girls who were
just coming in from a walk.

Tenchi: "Guess what? I had an idea"

Ryoko: "I hope you didn't hurt yourself too much"

Tenchi: "No I recovered from the headache in no time" The girls looked at
each other and sniggered. "What?" This only caused them to laugh more. "Oh
fine, be that way, anyway I thought it would be a really good idea to form a
band"

Washu looks at Tenchi in surprise, "Wow Tenchi, that's actually not a bad
idea, it'll certainly give us something to do. Let's do it."

Ryoko: "Ok"

All of a sudden there was a knock on the door and Ayeka came in. "Heard you
were planning to form a band, I want to join." She pulls out an electric
guitar and begins playing the theme from "Baywatch". All put hands over
ears.

Tenchi: "Stop, we'll do anything, just stop playing that horrible song."

Ayeka puts the guitar away smugly, sure of her new position in the band. She
then walks to the bar to get herself a beer. There was another knock on the
door. This time it opened to admit Kagato, who walked in with a black
electric bass guitar. "Music spreads joy...it is a good way to atone." After
thinking about that statement for a moment the girls decide it was a request
to join the band. (These things get around)

All stare at him, or rather the guitar in his hand. "What? Oh...this. Didn't
know I could play the guitar, huh? Well I can, I am rather good."

Ayeka coming in with her beer: "Ohh look at the vampire's cut li'l black
guitar."

Kagato: "I am NOT a vampire, besides black is cool."

Ayeka (muttering) "Yeah, for vampires"

Kagato points his energy sword at Ayeka "What did you say?"

Ayeka: "Nothing, nothing at all.

Luckily for Ayeka, at that moment the door opens and Mihoshi walks in. "Hey
I'm in your band too"

All: "No you're not!" Tenchi: "Besides, you can't play anything."

Mihoshi: "Yes I can, I can play the..."Suddenly she blushes "piano"

After the laughter that was bound to follow this statement subsided Ryoko
decided that Mihoshi could play the keyboard and she was admitted to the
band.

Five minutes later, Kain teleports into the bar. "Hey guys, I want to be in
the band too."

Tenchi: "Well, you CAN'T"

Kain: "Come on, you've got the idiot and the vampire in your band, for God's
sakes you've got Ayeka in your band."

Mihoshi: "Who are you callin' a idiot" Kagato: "Dammit, I am NOT a vampire."
Ayeka is oblivious as she is watching Baywatch.

All: "AYEKA, TURN THAT DAMN SHOW OF RIGHT NOW!"

Kain (ignoring the interruptions): "Besides, I'm AWESOME"

Ryoko: "He's got a point there, Tenchi." Tenchi's jaw drops "Absolutely not,
besides what'll he do...sing?"

Kain's face flushes and he hangs his head "Well...I can"

Ryoko snickers "Sounds kind of gay to me." Ayeka (chanting) "Kain is a
queer, Kain is a queer"

Kain's face turns red "I am NOT gay! Just for that I'm gonna start my own
band." He storms off in a huff.

Washu: "He's not very original, is he?"

The door opens and Noboyuki and Yosho walk in. "Can we be in your band?"

Tenchi: "Dad, what can you do? You can't play anything!"

Noboyuki: "Rub it in why don't you. For your information I can whistle."
Everyone bursts out laughing. "Well...I can see that I'm not appreciated
here, I'm going to go see if Kain will appreciate my unique abilities in his
band." (Told you word gets around)

Yosho: "What about me?" Ayeka notices the violin case Yosho is carrying for
the first time. "Hey Yosho, what's in there, a gun?" Everyone turns to look
at Ayeka. "No, really, I saw it on TV once, the bad guys carried around
their guns in cases like that one."

Yosho (mumbling) "It's not a gun, it's a violin."

Ayeka: "A violin? You pansy!" Yosho flexes his...muscles? "Who you calling a
pansy?"

Ayeka: "Uhh...Vampy over here" she points at Kagato. Kagato levels his
energy sword at Ayeka "Could you say that again, I didn't quite hear you the
first time."

Ayeka looks at the energy sword "Uuhh, Ummm, no I mean I didn't say anything,
I mean I'm sorry. Please, please, please don't kill me."

Kagato: "Grovel." Everyone enjoys the sight of Ayeka groveling for a few
minutes.

Yosho: "Well, can I be in the band?"

Tenchi: "No, what do you think this is anyway, an Orchestra?" Yosho scowls
and walks away mumbling the words "pansy" and "gonna join Noboyuki" could be
heard as he left.

Ayeka: "Can I get up now?"

Kagato: "No!"

Ryoko: "Kagato!"

Kagato: "Oh fine."

Tenchi: "I'm gonna play the drums." Everyone groans and Kagato shakes his
head "Oh no, we get little enough sleep as it is with the snorer over here."
He looks at Ayeka.

Ayeka: "Yeah, well you sleepwalk, we're lucky you don't suck all of our
blood out while we sleep."

Kagato: "For the last time, I am NOT a vampire." Ayeka looks as if she's
gonna say something but Ryoko interrupts "I'm going to be the lead singer."
Ayeka turns to Ryoko "WHAT!! I'm going to be the lead singer."

Ryoko: "You? Lead singer? Don't make me laugh."

Ayeka: "I'll do more than make you laugh, I'll make you bleed."

Kagato: "Now girls, this really isn't worth fighting over." Ryoko and Ayeka
both turn to him: "Fine, then you pick."

Kagato: "Uhh...I would but Tenchi has already volunteered to do it."

Tenchi: "What? WHAT? I didn't do anything!

Ayeka (smiling sweetly): "I don't really think it would be fair for Tenchi
to choose, after all he's my boyfriend so he'd have to choose me."

Ryoko: "Your boyfriend!! I don't think so. He is my boyfriend.

Aerith: "In your dreams, he is sooo my boyfriend."

Washu: "ooooooh, a catfight." Mihoshi walks into the room, attracted by the
noise. "I'll go make popcorn!" Kagato scowls at both of them and walks up to
the girls to try to separate them. Ryoko turns toward him "Stay out of
this." and promptly kicks him across the room.

Ayeka: "What makes you think he's your boyfriend, he went out with me
yesterday morning!"

Ryoko: "What!! He went out with me yesterday afternoon." Both realize what
they have just said and turn to Tenchi "You two-timing swine!" They then
rush at Tenchi and begin to pummel him into a bloody pulp. When they finish
they both yell "I'm dumping you!" at Tenchi and stalk off.

Tenchi holds his head in his hands: "Oh man, now my headache's back, I
didn't deserve that."

All: "Yes you did."

Tenchi: "Why?" Everyone looks at each other and shake their heads.

Tenchi: "No, really, I want to know."

Kagato (who has by this time recovered from his recent uhh...fall): "Tenchi,
just forget it"

Tenchi: "OK"

Ryoko: "Me and Ayeka have talked things over, and we've decided to take
turns singing lead."

Washu: "Awwww, no more catfights." Ryoko and Ayeka turn and glare at her.
"Uuuuh...I didn't say anything, oops Bill Nye is on." Washu starts to walk
towards the TV, but, before he can get there, a swipe is heard in the air
and the TV is reduced to smithereens. Washu turns to Kagato, who is holding
his sword behind his back and trying, without success, to look innocent.

Washu: "Goddamned vampire, you ruined the TV" Everyone else, however,
applauds Kagato's quick thinking, and he takes a bow.

Tenchi suddenly sits up from where he has been lying, groaning, on the
floor. "We should give the band a name."

Ryoko: "Goodness Tenchi, two ideas in one day, this must be a record for
you." All snicker.

Tenchi: "What?"

Ayeka: "Nothing, Tenchi," she turns to the others "He is right though, the
band should have a name."

Washu: "Hey, how about we call it..."

Kagato: "We are not going to call the band by a name havign anything to do
with science." Kagato looks at him "Hey, how did you know I was gonna say
that?"

Kagato: "Experience."

Tenchi: "How about we call it The Masaki 5?" All groan "Why not?"

Ayeka: Four reasons 1st: we are NOT naming the band after you,2nd: that
names been done, 3rd: There are six of us in the band, and finally 4th:IT'S
A STUPID NAME!

Mihoshi (who has come back from ruining the popcorn...and eating all of it,
she's the only one who'll eat her cooking): "I think we should name it the
Bloodsuckers, after Kagato."

Kagato: "I'm not going to take any more of this, I am NOT a vampire." he
storms off to sulk somewhere.

Ryoko: "We should call it Ryoko and the Talons."

Tenchi: "No, we should call it The TENCHIS."

All: "NO WAY!"

Tenchi: "I think it's a good name." Ayeka looks at him "You would."

"The Police.", "No, Baywatch.", "No, Ryoko and the Talons.", "Still
think it should be named the Tenchis."

Ayeka sat watching them for a while and then cleared her throat: "I think we
should call it Flivver." Everyone stops talking and stares at Ayeka. Almost
in unison they say "That's great!" then look at each other in shock at the
thought of actually agreeing on something.

Washu: "I'm gonna go tell Kagato the news, and while I'm at it, maybe I'll
practice a bit." She gets up and goes in the direction that Kagato had gone.

Mihoshi: "I'm gonna go work on my scales." She leaves as well. Since Ayeka
and Ryoko are alone with Tenchi in the room and they certainly don't want to
talk to him, they begin chatting amongst themselves.

Ayeka: "Hey, I just thought of something." Ryoko: "Me too, If he was with
you in the morning, and with me in the afternoon, and none of us saw him at
night..." Both: "Where was he?" Both start moving toward Tenchi, who looks
up from trying to figure out what to do with the sticks that had come with
the drums.

Tenchi: "What? Wait, I haven't recovered yet! Why me? I didn't do anything!
Oh no! OH NOOOOOOOO! MOMMYYYYYYYYYYY!"

Kagato, who had witnessed the entire scene, walked back to the room where he
and Washu were practicing "Think we ought to tell them he was with us
getting a drink?" They both think about it for a moment listening to the
sounds of carnage coming from the other room. Both: "Naaaah".

The next night the band went out to their debut at Azuza's new night club.
This was because the scheduled entertainment had disappeared under
mysterious circumstances after meeting a man in a green cape and grey hair.
Meeting with enormous success, Flivver went on to do gigs all over Japan and
then tour other cities on the planet. They soon became the most popular band
of all time.

One day, about a year after this happened, Kagato, Washu and Ryoko burst
into Tenchi's house.

Kagato: "Quick, change the channel, there's something you have to see."
Tenchi quickly changed the channel to the one that Kagato had specified.

Announcer: "Truly folks this is amazing news. The smash hit "Die, Nagi Die"
by Flivver, which has been on top of the charts for the past 12 weeks, has
been knocked off number one, not by another Flivver hit, but by an entirely
new band. Here is a picture of this new sensation" Everyone's jaw dropped as
three very familiar figures appeared on the screen. "Now let's hear the hit
that broke Flivver's hold on the number one spot. "Tenchi is a Jerk" by The
Kains.

THE END

Flivver n. 1.facetious.an automobile 2.slang. something of unsatisfactory
quality or inferior grade. This word has nothing to do with the story, no
hidden meanings, no insinuations, nothing. I just really like the way it
sounds. ^_^