Disclaimer: “Tenchi Muyo!,” its characters, and any related images, written
or otherwise, are the properties of A.I.C./Pioneer. Their use is not, nor is
it the intent of the author for it to be cannon. No monetary compensation
was given, or is expected, for the creation of this work. All other
characters are the creation of Alexander Curtindolph and Luis Angelo Rojas
III, and are not to be used without proper credit in any work. Thank you.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Beelzebub: Lord of the Flies
Chapter One: No Need for Killer Bees!
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        Okayama was in utter panic. Insects as big as a man’s torso were
attacking innocent people. The Japanese Self Defense Force and police were
fighting a losing battle. For every bug they subdued or terminated, two more
would appear to replace it. The sting of these monstrous creatures poisoned
several SDF soldiers. Those that were just poisoned were considered lucky.
       At the epicenter of this catastrophe was a downtown high school. It
had become the hive for many of the insects, and the leader of the colony
loomed high above them. His eyes were as dark as his heart. His muscular,
pale-yellow torso and arms were lined with black scars. His dirty green
pants were torn and threadbare from his battle with Liam. His insect-like
wings grew from his shoulder blades, and made a sound similar to a buzz saw
cutting through sheet metal as they flapped. He surveyed the carnage beneath
him with a sneer that would have put the Fear of God into Hitler. How he
enjoyed seeing others suffer. In one taloned he held a mace of bronze, in
the other he held a young girl.
       She was about fifteen years old. Her long hair was as golden as the
sun. She wore a tattered white and blue sorcerer’s gown. The gown had blue
embroideries, sewn to look like Latin, along the cuffs and hem. On the
sleeves, near the shoulders, were badges with a coat of arms; a sun insignia
on a white shield held by an angel on either side. The robe covered an
equally tattered blue silk dress. If they were open, her green eyes would
have put the most priceless emerald to shame. She had used up all of her
strength protecting her beloved knight Liam, last night. Now, he was surely
dead from Beelzebub’s poison, and she would join him shortly, no doubt.
       “Hear me, oh peasants of Japan,” the Shadow Demon proclaimed. “I am
Beelzebub, king of insects; and servant of the most high deity, Tokimi.
Where is he who calls himself the Great Knight of Draconus? I wish for him
to watch his beloved sorceress die.”
A mysterious man in a hooded, gray and yellow robe similar to that of the
sorceress faded into visibility behind Beelzebub. “Do not become too full of
yourself, Wasp,” the hooded man warned. “Not even your former master knew
what kind of power Liam possesses. Besides, Lady Tokimi has ordered us to
wait until he recruits Tenchi before we attack. That way, we can destroy
them both at once.”
       “Yes, Master Calgio,” Wasp replied, “If they are together it would
make things easier for us to eliminate them. But, what of Liam’s guardians,
the Saga?”
       “Leave them to me,” answered Calgio. “I have been waiting for this
day for…” Then, in the back of his mind, a loud familiar voice called to
him. “Yes, mistress,” responded. He waited as she gave him instructions
through telepathy, then said, “Yes, I understand and obey.” He turned to
Wasp. “We have new orders.”
        “What does she command, master?” asked Wasp.
        “She wants us to carry out one final deed before we may carry out
our plans,” said Calgio. “You are to retrieve the youngest member of the
Jurai royal family. They should be northwest of this area.”
        “I obey, master,” said the Beelzebub, who then flew west towards
their target, with sorceress in hand. A swarm of insects followed suit. The
robed figure remained in the air for a minute. “Now, Tenchi, my revenge on
you and your family may truly commence.” With a chuckle, Calgio faded back
into the air and disappeared.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
        Aricelli had been walking through the forests looking for her
comrades for several hours. Her pale skin was beaded with rivulets of
mountain rain. She wore a black, cotton shirt and leather pants. To cover
herself, she also wore a long, black, leather coat. It was specially made
with four sleeves so that all of her arms could be accommodated. She
remembered Liam saying how she looked like Trinity in that uniform. Whatever
reference he was trying to make to her was lost. Her black hair was also wet
from the downpour, and covered her red-violet eyes. Strapped to her sides
were holsters for her western-style pistols, in case any demons attacked her
while she looked for Liam and Roseri.
        “Roseri…” the demi-spider sighed. “One would think that, with my
agility and keen sight, I would be able to find one sorceress.” She wanted
to find the Saga, destroy the demon, and go home, badly. She was tired of
the gun slinging, and ceaseless war with a demonic force. She longed for a
more peaceful life.
        She yearned to return to Muria, so that she may be with her husband,
Wasp. Wasp? No, he never loved her. He used her to produce heirs to his
throne. Twenty-seven children; she had born twenty-seven children with him,
and neither she nor they were able to live their own lives. Each of her sons
was to be rulers of the demi-insects. Her daughters were to become
concubines to other powerful rulers, if not wives. And she was to produce
more of each. Even their semi-daily lovemaking had become base and
utilitarian after eight years.
        “I just couldn’t live that kind of life anymore.”
        Now, she was in a foreign world to stop the monster that was once
her most beloved, despite their disagreements. As soon as she could find
Rose. She wiped the bangs of her hair away from her eyes as she looked for a
sign that her friends were near. Alas, to no avail.
        “Aricelli!” cried a small voice from the canopy above her. “I’m glad
you’re alive! I think I found us some shelter. Come take a look!”
         The demi-spider leapt into a nearby fur tree and saw a house near a
small shrine. It was only a kilometer away. “Good job, West,” she replied.
“Perhaps we may be able to inquire about our missing allies to the owner of
that place.” West then flew from a tall tree behind her and landed on her
shoulder.
        “I hope so, spider-girl,” he said, “I really hope so.”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        Tenchi’s grandfather, Yosho, had come from his shrine for lunch. He
was still wearing his kimono, pants and sandals when he saw Tenchi and the
resident aliens seated on the couch asking questions to three young men
seated on the floor. From what he had could comprehend, a necromancer from
the planet Chima created several super Kagemusha, or Shadow Demons. One of
the demons has come to Earth seeking Tenchi, and now, the auburn haired boy,
Liam, and his friends have come seeking him out first. The girls, however,
seemed to be trying to keep them from completing their goal by asking them
many needless questions.
        “What is Chima like?”
        “Do these demons still exist in your world?”
        “If you truly are a knight, then where is your armor?”
        Yosho could see the frustration in the green eyes of one of the
young men. To ease his  annoyance, he decided to ask an important question.
“Pardon me, Sir Liam,” Yosho began, “but, how did you know of my grandson?”
        Liam was visibly relieved. ‘Finally, someone with a reasonable
question,’ he thought. He answered aloud, “My fiancée, Rose, had a
premonition. She dreamt that I was getting my but whooped by Beelzebub. Then
this dude in strange white armor came and saved me. Then she heard a voice
yelling, like, ‘Tenchi, help!’ But she woke up before she could find out who
it was.”
        “So then,” Tenchi asked, “how did you find me?”
        “We looked in the phone book,” said Manji. “There are only five
people in Japan named Tenchi, and you were the closest.”
        Everyone except Yosho and the three gentlemen face faulted.
        “We came to Okayama lookin’ for you,” said Liam, “But Wasp and his
drone insects got here before us. He used his drone army to scatter us all
over Tokyo and here. Thank Pater that Pierce found me, or I woulda died.”
        “Before I was able to escape from Wasp’s army, he gave me a message
to tell the ‘House of Jurai,’” said Pierce.
        “WE are of the House of Jurai,” said Aeka, a little scared, “what is
the message?”
        “He said, ‘In the name of my mistress, Tokimi, I shall kill your
prince, and the Light Hawk Wings will be dimmed,’” recalled the golem.
Before any of Tenchi’s associates could react to that message, there came a
knock at the door.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        “I hope someone’s home,” said West who was trying to dry his fur.
“Darn mountain rain. This is worse than that time when we went to Seattle.”
Sasami opened the door and greeted the two strangers. As usual, Ryo-Ohki was
seated on her head.
        “Hi! How may I help you?” she asked, in a manner that was too cute
for words.
        “Uh, hi?” Aricelli responded. West saw that she was unable to ask
about Liam and the others, so he intervened. As he opened his mouth to
speak, the little cabbit on Sasami’s head took a small step forward and
asked, “Myowr?” (“Who are you?”)
        “My name is West,” answered the gremlin on Aricelli’s shoulder.
        “Myow myow mya?” Ryo-Ohki inquired. (“How may we help you?”)
        “We’re looking for this red-headed boy named Liam,” West replied,
“You seen him?”
        “Myaaa! Mroww,” the cabbit said. (“He’s inside! Come in.”)
        “Yo, spider girl, Liam’s inside this house,” said West. “Let’s go.”
        “How do you know?” Aricelli asked.
        “Animals can understand each other,” West explained, “Now c’mon!”
        As they entered the house, they saw a group of women seated in front
of three familiar figures. ‘Methinks we’ve found a bordello,’ thought West.
Liam, Pierce, and Manji were seated on the floor, soaking wet from the rain.
Liam looked very tired, as though he had been doing exercise, or something
else perhaps. ‘What would Rose think if she saw Liam like that in front of
women like these?’
        It was then that the gremlin’s attention turned to the ladies
themselves. What an odd sight they were. There was a woman with cyan hair,
and another whose hair was… Could her hair be purple? There was a black
woman who was naturally blonde! And over in the corner of the room, a young
girl with hair shaped like a crab was typing into thin air! ‘This ain’t a
bordello, it’s another planet entirely!’ thought West. Washu looked at him
from the corner of her eye and sent a telepathic message that said, ‘You
aren’t too far from the truth.’
        ‘Whoa, you can read my mind?’ thought West.
        ‘Well you are a telepath, aren’t you?’ sent Washu.
        ‘Yeah…’ West responded.
        ‘ Then, yes, I can speak to you this way,’ the genius replied, ‘I
have some psionic ability myself.’
        ‘Cool,’ sent West. ‘Ya mind fillin’ me in on what’s goin’ on?’
        ‘Not at all. ^_^’ Suddenly, a stream of images filled his mind.
Information on the girls, Tenchi, and all of his enemies and battles was
implanted into his brain. Since he was sitting on Aricelli’s shoulder at the
time, she received all of the info as well. When the storm of data had
stopped pouring, West and Aricelli were left feeling dazed.
        “On the upside,” blurted a dizzy West, “at least we know that Liam
is okay, and he found Tenchi.” The gremlin fell off of the demi-spider’s
shoulder and wobbled over to where his master sat on the floor. He looked up
at Liam and said, “Hello, buddy,” and passed out in his lap.
        “Before any of you ask,” said Liam, “this is my pet gremlin, West,
and the woman standing over there is Aricelli.”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        Roseri had finally woken, woke up, only to find herself in the hands
of Beelzebub. She was stuffed inside a net made of silken thread that was
woven to look like a spider’s web. The net was slung over Wasp’s shoulder,
and he was rapidly flying over a heavily forested area. She writhed to get
free, but failed miserably. “Let me go at once!” she screamed. “What do you
want from me?”
        Wasp looked down at his hostage and said, “We are to exchange you
for one more… powerful. No harm shall come to you if you comply.”
        “And if I don’t?” Rose asked.
        “Then you die,” said Wasp. Rose had no other choice. She had to
acquiesce for the time being. She thought of a method of attacking her
captor once she was released, as she peered down a grove of cherry trees
that passed underneath her. Then Rose began to sense something familiar, or
rather, someone. Her telepathic abilities allowed her to pick up on a set of
unique brainwave patterns. These patterns could only belong to…
        ‘Liam! He’s alive! Praises be to Pater,” Rose thought. ‘There is yet
hope. If Liam can find the man from my dream before Wasp does, we can defeat
this monster.’ Her thoughts were suddenly halted when Wasp came to a sudden,
midair stop. He held up his arm for a large firefly to perch on. When it
landed, the bug used its wings to buzz a message to its master.
        “I see,” said Wasp. He then turned to his swarm of dragonflies,
mantises, and bees off all varieties. “My legion, our prey is but a few
kilometers north of here. Our scout shall guide us to her. She must be
brought back to master Calgio alive. All who try to get in our way shall be
thoroughly stung.” The firefly then flew off in the direction of the Masaki
home. “Forward to glory!” The Beelzebub flew behind his scout and his horde
of insects trailed behind him.
        ‘Yes, Wasp, lead me to the man called Tenchi,’ thought Rose.
‘Perhaps, if Liam has not enlisted his aid, then I may do so.’
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        “Hey, West!” exclaimed Manji. “Where have you been?” You’ve been
missing for a long time.”
        West awakened from his stupor, turned to Manji and said, “Dude,
we’ve only been separated since ten last night. By th’ way, Liam, didja get
to ask Tenchi to help us with our little demon problem?”
        “Well,” said Liam, “if these women would stop playing ‘twenty
questions with me, I…” Liam’s train of thought was derailed when his
gauntlets started glowing red. He turned and noticed that Manji was growling
at the window. “A demon.”
        “I can hear bees,” said the demi-wolf, “lots of bees.” He sniffed
the air near the window. “It’s Wasp.” He sniffed again. “And he’s got Rose!”
Manji curled his hands into tight fists and squeezed. This triggered a
mechanism in his gloves that shot two, thin blades from their cylindrical
chambers from within each of his forearm guards and locked them in place
right behind the knuckles. Pierce stood up and tapped his right gauntlet. A
dim red light shone from the gem on his glove and spread to the palm of his
hand. The luminescence formed into a long, wooden pole. It was painted red,
and at either end of the pole was a metal cap with several short spikes
ticking out of it. Liam arose from the floor as well and pulled out two
medallions from under his sweater.
        “If that refugee from ‘Starship Troopers’ hurt her,” Liam growled,
“I’ll send him to Hell!” He then turned to Tenchi and the girls. “I
understand if you don’t want to help us. It is gonna be dangerous.”
        A deep and booming voice called out to them from outside, saying,
“Bring me the youngest of Jurai, or all within your house will die! This
young sorceress shall be the first!”
        “They want Sasami?” asked Tenchi.
        “Sounds like it,” said West.
        “I can’t let them take her,” Tenchi replied. He pulled a long wooden
sword handle from his back pocket. The handle, Liam noted, was well carved,
decorated in an almost art-neuvou style. Tenchi closed his eyes and a blade
of blue energy sprung forth from where the hilt would be. “I’m goin’ with
you.” Tenchi said as he readied the sword, Tenchi-Ken.
        “Cool light saber,” said Liam, “but that ain’t gonna stop the
demons, young Jedi.” Liam took one of the medallions and tossed it to
Tenchi. “Use this.”
        Tenchi grabbed the pendant and looked at the design. On one side of
the medallion was an eagle, upright with spread wings and a sword in its
left foot. On the other side was a coat of arms. A dragon on the left and an
eagle on the right were holding up a shield with a tree standing in front of
a sun. “What am I supposed to do with this?” asked Tenchi.
        “Do as I do,” answered Liam. He took the medallion and cupped it
with his arms stretched in front of him, bowed his head and prayed. Tenchi
disengaged the blade of Tenchi-Ken and did likewise. As the two warriors
prayed, a circle of light began to surround each of them. The circles grew
from the floor at their feet into a pair of columns that enveloped them. A
strong wind blew through the house and swirled around the two standing
figures. With a blinding flash, the pillars of light disappeared and the
wind suddenly died. Tenchi then realized that he was no longer in his
clothes, but a suit of armor.
        His pants were replaced with metal foot, shin, knee, and thigh
guards. His waist was covered with plates of the same metal as the greaves
he wore on his legs. His torso and shoulders now bore a chest plate and
shoulder guards. His arms were covered in the metal also. He wore leather
gloves similar to those that Liam wore. Strapped to his left arm was a
shield, about three feet in diameter, which bore the same coat of arms as
the medallion did. In his right hand was a very ornate sword. It looked like
Liam’s, except that the hilt looked like the wings of a bird, and not a
dragon. His helmet resembled the head of a falcon or hawk that had engulfed
his head. The entire suit of armor was metallic green. Liam’s armor looked
the same, save that it was red, and his helmet looked like a dragon’s head.
        “Okay guys,” said Liam, “Let’s go!” With that, all of Liam’s allies
left the house. Tenchi was about to follow them but something held on to his
leg and wouldn’t let him move. He looked down to see Aeka, deftly clinging
to him.
        “Please Tenchi-Sama, don’t go out there,” pleaded Aeka. “Those
horrid bugs might poison you as they did that boy, and you’ll die!”
        “I’ll be okay,” said Tenchi, in a comforting tone, “Liam’s out there
too, and he knows how to handle those demons better than I do. But I can’t
let this Beelzebub get Sasami. I have to stop him. I’ll come back safely, I
promise.”
        “I’m goin’ too,” said Ryoko. A bar of yellow laser energy
materialized in her hand, and she brandished it as though it were a sword.
“C’mon, Tenchi. Let’s go kick some thorax!”
        “I think that it would be best if we all came with you,” said Washu.
“I just scanned the area, and you and Liam’s gang would be out-numbered
fifty to one. If we all help, the odds will lean in our favor just a bit.”
        “Tenchi thought about this for a minute. He gently pulled Aeka off
of his leg, and then gave Tenchi-Ken to his grandfather. “Okay, let’s go,”
he said. ‘Heh,’ he thought as the left the house, ‘they’re as resilient as
ever.’
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        Wasp was now hovering in front of the house. The rain was till
cascading from the black clouds above. His white hair was hanging from his
head, coarse and wet. His horde of drone insects was buzzing behind him,
ready to attack at a moment’s notice. Roseri was dangling lifelessly from
his left arm.
        “Come forth, House of Jurai, and deliver youngest unto me, or this
one from the House of Mikale dies!” said Wasp, whose voice carried even over
the thunderclaps.
        “You better not hurt her, Wasp,” warned Liam; “I am not in a good
mood right now.”
        “You suffer from depression, Liam,” said West from behind, “You’re
never in a good mood.”
        “And we’d never give you Sasami anyway, you vile cretin!” Aeka
proclaimed as she and the other residents of the Masaki home came to the aid
of their allies.
        “Very well,” said Wasp as he lifted his mace above his head, letting
it gain momentum so that it may crush Rose. He floated to where Liam and the
others were standing when a shot came from behind him. A small orb of fire
impacted with his left shoulder. He cried out in anguish and pain. He
dropped Rose and his mace and used his right hand to grab his wounded
shoulder.
        Rose quickly landed on her feet and pressed the jewel on her gold
bracelet. The bracelet began to sine and from the light materialized a
scepter. It was a long blue pole with a glass orb attached to the end of it.
Encircling the orb were four elliptical blades, which held the orb in place
and doubled as a short-range attack weapon. She aimed the scepter at Wasp’s
abdomen. A blast of light erupted from the orb and made impact with its
target.
       Rose turned and ran to Liam. She embraced her lover tightly, basking
in the knowledge that they were together again. As they embraced, another
gunshot was heard, and a second fireball flew to where Wasp stood. He flew
out of the way just in time, although several of his drones got burned in
the process. He turned toward the woods where the shot originated.
       Manji and Ryoko both saw this as the perfect opportunity to
exterminate the demonic pest that loomed before them. Ryoko teleported
towards the Beelzebub and slashed at his wounded shoulder repeatedly. Wasp
reached behind him and tossed Ryoko into the trunk of a nearby tree. Manji
jumped on his back and proceeded to claw at his chest, head, and arms. A
giant dragonfly swatted him off before he could do any serious damage.
Wasp’s attention turned once again to the woods, and a familiar, four-armed
woman, brandishing two pistols, walked from behind a tree.
       “Remember me, husband?” asked Aricelli.  “What I do now, I do out of
love.” She raised her upper-right arm and aimed the gun in its hand.
       “Destroy her!” commanded Wasp. The insects obeyed, and zoomed towards
Aricelli. She leaped and bounded out of the way, shooting at any insect that
got too close. Soon she found that she couldn’t avoid all of the advances
made by the swarm. It was fortunate that she was immune to all natural
poisons; otherwise she would have died from all of the stings, bites, and
scratches that she received. She was about to accept her fate, when several
small logs floated around the bugs. She jumped out of the way as a massive
surge of electricity spewed from the logs and fried the swarm.
       “And that is how one should zap bugs!” said Aeka, boisterously. Wasp
flew in a heated rage toward the Juraian princess, but was halted when Yosho
chopped off his entire left arm. He and Pierce stood in front of Aeka and
Sasami, barring any passage.
        “We shall not let you harm any of our friends,” said Pierce. Ryoko
pulled herself from the tree and teleported behind Wasp. Liam and Tenchi ran
to each of his sides. “There is no escape.” The golem’s skin began to become
dense, hardening into a hard rock that covered his body. Wasp scratched at
him with his talons. The claws penetrated his stone skin, but didn’t show
any visible damage. Pierce then jabbed the demon in the chest with his
fighting staff, which was followed by a roundhouse kick to the head. Wasp
recovered quickly from this, and countered by concentrating all of his
energy into his right hand, and releasing it in a grand blast at Pierce.
This forced Pierce to stumble backwards and trip on top of Aeka. Wasp took
this opportunity to fly away to more open ground behind the group.
        Liam charged towards Beelzebub and slashed at his ribs. Beelzebub
flew up to avoid the attack. The very force of his sword stroke sent a gust
of wind at Wasp. The gust cut at the demon’s chest like a sharp blade and
caused him to yell in pain once again. While he was pre occupied, Liam
picked up the mace that Wasp had dropped and flung it at his head. A plague
of locusts caught the mace and let it drop silently to the grass below them,
and then dove after Liam.  Tenchi ran to his aid and tried to kill the bugs,
but did very poorly. “They’re moving too fast!” said Tenchi, “I can’t hit
‘em!” They got tackled and mauled by the grain eating insects, and could do
little to defend themselves. Wasp looked down upon the carnage the insects
were causing and laughed in a most sinister fashion.
        Rose had seen enough of the violence and decided to put an end to
it. She held her scepter above her head and began to invoke a spell. “I
summon thee, oh, great spirit beast of lightning. Come forth from the
torrential heavens and aid thy fellow children of God! LUPINUS!” All of the
mountains around the Masaki Shrine began to tremble with thunder as a wolf,
made of lightning, descended from the cloudy sky. Everyone on the field
looked in awe at the mighty creature.
        “Is that Raiju, the legendary thunder beast?” asked Yosho.
        “No,” answered Pierce, who had recovered from the ki blast he had
received, “that is Lupinus, a spirit beast.” The lightning wolf let out a
mournful howl that set loose a thousand bolts of energy from the sky. The
flashes were so bright, that everyone had to avert their gaze as the
lightning struck down all of the insects, even those within the city. When
the lightning stopped, the sky above them began to clear, and the electric
wolf was gone.
        “Amazing,” breathed Washu.
        “Pocket Monsters, eat your accursed hearts out,” said West.
        Mihoshi had been cowering in the doorway as the battle took place.
She sat with her face within her lap and her hands atop her head, waiting
for the demon to be defeated. “Are the icky bugs… gone?” she asked, as she
stuck her head up to survey the land.
        “Yes,” said Aricelli, as she slowly hobbled to where the others
stood, “and so is my husband.”
        “Your what?” inquired Aeka, indignantly. “You mean the heartless
creature is your spouse?”
        “Yes.’ the demi-spider said, softly.
        “Well,” said Aeka, “Sasami, are you okay?” she turned to see that
her sister was not behind her as she was a few minutes ago. “Sasami?” She
heard a load scream for help and boisterous laughter were pealing through
the sky.
        “Chikuso!” cursed Ryoko, “Sasami!” She flew off to find her and the
Beelzebub. She searched the horizons for any sign of the two but could find
none. Ryoko floated in the middle of the air and screamed in rage and
frustration.
        "AAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH! DAMN YOU, BEELZEBUB!”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

NEXT TIME:  Washu tries to find Sasami and Wasp, but they both seemed to
have disappeared from the universe! Tenchi and the crew now know that in
order to save their friend, they will have to ally themselves with Liam and
the Saga. Will they be able to trust Liam and his friends? Will Washu find
Sasami? Who will cook everyone’s dinner? Find out in “Beelzebub: Lord of the
Flies – Chapter Two: We Need To Unite!” or “A Time to All Things!”

A/N: I’ve finally updated Chapter One! It’s a little more exciting, and a
little more in character. I plan to update all chapters of the Beelzebub
storyline before moving on. I would like to thank DeathGiver
(deathgiver2000@yahoo.com) for e-mailing me and calling me on that OOC part
in this chapter. As you may see, I decided to beef up the story and
eliminate a few of the plot holes, or add more depending on your point of
view. Write to me and tell me what you think of the updates at
enigma@iamdstudents.com or semi-great_enigma@37.com.  Ja ne!
                                        -Enigma