Tenchi Muyo! Beginings Part One: Washu
A Tenchi Fan Fic by Jacob McDonald
Chapter One: The Genius and the Pirate
Disclaimer: I don’t own Tenchi Muyo! or Washu, or the Tenchiverse in
which this is set.
Those all belong to Pioneer and AIC. I made up the rest. I think. If I
used any of your
characters, I’m sorry, they were probobly just names floating in the back
of my head. I’ll
change them if you want me to, but I’d rather not go to the trouble.
This fanfic starts over 20,000 years before Tenchi Muyo begins. You’ll
see in a second....

        “Washu!” Gadman called from the platform nearly 70 meters below her.
A
head of
spiky read hair stuck out over the edge of the huge construction scafold
and the sparkeling
green eyes blinked once. She wore a smile as huge as her intelect.
        “Yes Sir?”
        “Come down here at once!” he yelled.
        Washu’s head vanished and she came down on a hover pad a few seconds
latter,
still smiling like little girl at play, “Yes Sir? What can I do for you
Sir?”
        “What is that?” he asked pointing to a panel of the hull of the ship
that was dry
docked in the scafold. It had been removed and the wiring had been pulled
out and
re-done.
        “Oh... uh...” Washu looked at the mess of wires, “I re-wired part of
the
drive
system on this side of this ship.”
        “And why did you do that?” Gadman asked her.
        “Well you see sir, I was looking over the prints, and the wiring was
all
wrong! The
way I did it, with the illithium resistors and trasistors, and the
gold/remnicorit wires the
computer will be able to respond 0.00352 seconds faster then it would
have been able to
otherwise. And that’s just in this part of the ship. If I were to do the
whole thing, the ship
would have a computer that was faster by 0.0136 seconds as a whole.”
Washu nodded.
        “Washu...” Gadman massaged his temples, “As a graduate student at
the
Accadamy I am alowed to bring you here to get hands on training on ship
construction
and technicalities. You do not have free licence to re-wire and modify
ships that are in for
repair! If it were a brand new star cruiser, and it hadn’t already been
wired, that might be a
different story, but in this case, I’ll have to ask you to put it back
the way it was.”
        “Yes Sir.” Washu was obviously dissapointed.
        “If it makes you feel any better, you were right.” Gadman put a hand
on
her
shoulder. She was growing up quickly this one. Quite an atractive young
lady already, the
top of her class, and probobly one of the most brillient minds in just
about every field of
science there was. It had only taken her six years to compleat all the
requiered work, and
then some, for the enginearing school. It was the last degree she needed
to officially be the
first, and probobly the only student ever to get doctrate level degrees
in ever school of the
Accadamy.
        “Thank you Sir!” Washu brightened again, and went immidietly to
ripping
apart
the re-wiring job, to re-re-wire it. Gadman sighed. She was only too
happy to take things
apart and put them back together. He wouldn’t have been suprised if she
was better at this
kind of stuff then he was...


        Washu fell into her bed back at the Acadamy dorms that night with an
‘oof!’
Another long day at the ship yards, repairing ships that had come in
damaged from pirate
attacks, or meteor swarms, or just in need of standard matnence. It was
exhusting, but she
loved it.
        “Hey Washu.” her room mate said as she walked in. Kimi was a young
woman
of
average build and height, but that’s where the word ‘average’ stopped
describing her. She
had a figure to die for, long lusterous green hair, red lips, a fair
complection... the ideal of
all the young Acadamy men.
        Her eyes were probobly her most striking feature. Golden and
shimmering,
they
seemed to always be staring into someone’s soul. She had a knack for
seeing lies and
telling how people were just by looking at them.
        This of corse had led Washu to ask her several times if she could
run a
few
expeariments on her room mate and see if it was some sort of psychic
ability, or just plain
blind luck, or something else...
        Kimi had refused, but Washu still wondered.
        “So how were the ship yards today?” Kimi asked the red haired girl.
        “Great! I got to program a new computer componet for a sub space
warp
system
on a battle cruiser! No one else really knew the programing for that kind
of computer, so
Gadman had natrally come to me...”
        “Natrally.” Kimi agreed.
        “...and I did it in an hour flat. And it worked too!”
        “That’s all way over my head... I’m just a Geneitic Biology major,
remember?”
        “I don’t know... Gene Bio and Space Flight Enginearing might have
more
in
common then you’d think...”
        “How’s that?” Kimi gave Washu a funny look.
        “Oh I don’t know... just an idea I was kicking around in the back of
my
skull a
while back...”
        “You’ve been here too long...”
        “Hmm? Why do you say that? It’s only been...” Washu counted quickly,
“37
years...”
        “That’s way too long for me... I want to start a carrer soon... it’s
been what? 12
years for me, and we started in the same major.”
        “Hey, I can still help you with your home work though!” Washu said.
Kimi
was a
bright student as well, but Washu wasn’t just the top of her class. She
was in her own
class. She sucked up information like a sponge and retained all of it.
She hadn’t even sold
back her text books from Gene Bio because she knew that Kimi would need
them when
she got to the classes Washu took years before her.
        They made a good team, Washu thought to herself. Where Kimi was
beautiful and
bright, Washu was lovely and brillient. They were both good looking, but
Kimi was more
so. They were both smart, but Washu was more so.
        Together they had survived for 12 years living together. Washu was
already a
vetren when Kimi had been assigned as her new room mate (her old one had
graduated
and moved on) and quickly showed her the ropes of the Accadamy. They had
started in
the same classes, but Washu moved much quicker then any one else, and had
graduated in
only six years. Another six years latter, and she was ready to graduate
the Enginearing
school, and Kimi was graduating the Gene Bio school.
        “Speaking of home work...” Kimi groaned. She dumped a text out of
her
bag and
punched a few bottons on the computer pad. Washu leaned over her shoulder
as she sat
down at her desk.
        “Hey! Gene alteration through electro-carbon redefinition! I
remember
that!”
Washu smiled, “That was a fun chapter...”
        “You remember everything, and you always think it’s fun. Can you
show me
how
to work this equation? I’m so lost...” Kimi threw her hands up.
        “Sure. It’s like this...” Washu started to explain and Kimi asked
questions now and
then. They worked long into the night.

        Washu picked her head up off of her pillow. Looking around she saw
that
she was
in her dorm room and the sun was shining brightly in through the window.
Kimi was no
where to be seen.
        Getting up out of bed, she found that she was in her clothes from
the
night before,
and there was a note on her desk from her room mate.

        Hey Washu! Thank you for all your help last night! You zonked out
while
I was
        working through the last few equations so I just stuck you in bed.
Hope
you don’t
        mind! Oh, I left breakfast for you too.
        See ya at noon!
        -Kimi

        Washu looked over to Kimi’s desk and saw a tray with a bowl of
health
nut ceareal
on it and some fresh fruit.
        “You watch your figure too much Kimi.” Washu said out loud, but dug
into
the
food any way. She was hungry.
        As she ate, Washu let the sun light play across her face and body.
It
felt good to
feel the sun light on her skin for once. She was usually up in orbit in
the repair station all
day, and didn’t have time to see the sun in the morning before she got
there because it
wasn’t up.
        “Oh shit!” Washu jumped up and looked at the window in horrer. The
sun
was up?
        She looked over at a clock. Four hours late! How could she not have
noticed that
she was late when she first woke up?
        So much for being the most brilliant scientist in her class...


        Washu ran down the path that led to the loading bay for students.
She
took a taxi
up to the docking station every day, and just hoped that today she’d be
comming in after
the heavy morning trafic.
        She wasn’t. The lines of students waiting for transportation were
stretched back
through the doors of the loading bay, and there was no hope of getting in
and up to the
docking bay any time soon that way. She needed an altrenet rout...
        “Think, damnit!” Washu berated herself. This couldn’t be that hard.
She
ran to a
building marked, “Matter Trasportation Lab.”
        Bursting in through the doors, Washu ran down the hall ways, pushing
people out
of her way and yelling to let her by. People would look back and see who
it was, and they
moved. She had a reputation at the Acadamy, and no one wanted to be on
her bad side.
Washu’s pranks were devestating, and had put many a student out of
classes for weeks at
a time.
        Finnally comming to a door she knew well, Washu walked in calmly,
smoothing
out her uniform as she did. Several students and a proffesor looked up at
her as she came
in.
        “Washu!” the rather young looking professer said with a suprised
tone,
“To what
do we owe the pleasure of your compony this morning?”
        “It’s good to see you too Harvey.” she said and gave him a hug,
“It’s
been a
while.”
        “Since we graduated together!” he said with a laugh, “Almost 20
years
ago! You
haven’t changed a bit!”
        “You either.” she smiled as she remembered Harvey’s irripresable
sence
of humor
and wit, “I need your help this morning, and thought that I might be able
to teach you and
the class a little something while I was getting it.”
        “What can I do for you?” he asked.
        “Well, I need to get to the repair dock in high orbit. I need to be
there now. What
better way then matter transportation?” Washu asked as she walked over
before the class.
        “Except that it’s still highly exparimental with organic matter and
you
could end up
as a blob of ectoplasmic jelly when you get there?” Harvey asked with a
raised eye brow.
        “That’s the way it is now.” Washu explained. She pulled a panel off
the
front of
the matter trasnporter in the middle of the room, “I’ve been thinking
lately, what if we
reversed the partical flow in conduits 325 and 972? Then we reprogramed
it to except
organic cells as part of it’s transport veriencey, and scaned in a
biological specimin....” she
stood back and a scaning beam shot out of the device and played over her
body for a few
moments. Harvey watched and jotted notes as Washu went back to working at
a rapid
pace.
        Seeing their proffesor taking notes on what the weird red haired
lady
was doing,
the students started scribbiling furiously at their computer pads and
typing in new
equations to keep up with Washu’s frantic programing.
        “There it is!” Washu said, standing up, “Now all we need is a test
subject!” she
turned and looked around the class. All of the students shrank back from
her wild gaze,
“Well fine! Don’t trust me! I’ll do it myself!” She jumped up on the
transport pad and
called to Harvey, “Hit it!”
        Harvey shook his head and smiled. If anyone could make it perfect on
the
first try,
it was Washu. He pushed a few buttons on the control pad, and flipped a
switch. There
was a humming noise and Washu vanished.
        “Today class, we have witnessed the first organic matter
transportation
with the
new Washu Special! Let’s see if we can figure out what she did, and I’ll
get some detailed
notes from her tomarow.” Harvey walked over and looked at the mess Washu
had made
of the front panel area. He scratched his head. Where to begin?


        “So you’re sure she’s not comming today? We really need someone to
program
the weapon system so that we can make sure the damn pirates don’t blast
us up again!”
the captain of the ship docked in port 15 said to Gadman as they stood
looking at the
brand new guns that lined the cargo cruiser.
        “I’ve called her home twice now and there was no ansawer. I’m
guessing
that she
had some personal buisness to attend to. Being the most brilliant mind in
the acadamy
right now, I’ll give her that liberty.” Gadman said in a firm voice.
        “Damn. We need to ship out soon too!” the captain seemed desperate.
        Washu suddenly materialized next to him and stumbled back a bit.
        “Wha... Washu! Where did you come from?” Gadman asked in a shocked
voice.
        “I modified a matter transportation unit to send organic matter and
beamed myself.
The lines were too long at the taxi station.” she said simply, “Though it
did feel kind of
funny...”
        “You did what?” the captain was confused, “No one can do that!”
        “I just did.” Washu said blankly, “Sorry about being late sir. I was
up
helping my
room mate with her home work all night and I was tiered...”
        “Say no more, Washu. You’re leaving at noon today any way,
remember?”
Gadman replied.
        “I am? For what?” Washu looked confused.
        “You and Kimi are going to meet some boys or something?” Gadman
said, “I
can’t
remember what you said. You’re meeting Kimi for lunch at the central
square by the
fountian at noon.”
        “Oh yeah!” Washu smacked her forehead, “I almost forgot! Thank’s a
bunch! She
would have killed me...” Washu shook her head and started to walk off to
find some work
to do.
        The captain shook his head, “So this girl isn’t comming in to
program my
guns
today?”
        “She just came in.” Gadman said with a grin.
        “That’s her? No way. She’s not touching my ship...”
        “She just modified a matter transportation unit to beam herself
here,
and you think
she’s not capable of some simple defense programing? You’ll probobly end
up with
targeting systems that will shoot the pirates for you, and be able to
identify all known
pirate ships in the galaxy!” Gadman laughed, then called out, “Washu! I
have some
defense programing for you to do!”
        “Where? I’ll get right on it and be done before I have to leave!”
she
called back.
        Standing in the shadows of a stack of huge crates that the ship was
about to load,
a tall dark man with fine silver hair watched and listened. He let his
hand drift over to the
blaster at his hip, then back to his side. Washu was her name then....


        True to her word, Washu had the ship’s defence system programed and
running in
three hours. She had uploaded GP records of all known pirate ships in the
galaxy,
programed in auto fiering, training programs, holographic combat
simulations, and her
own voice as the computer response system.
        And it all worked.
        Now she stood by the fountin waiting for Kimi to show up with the
boys.
She
didn’t know why she always agreed to go on these blind dates with her
room mate, but
they were the best of friends, so if Kimi said a guy might work for her,
Washu trusted her.
        She hadn’t been right yet, but the red haired student passed it off
as
bad luck.
Some things just couldn’t be explained by science, and love was one of
them.
        Kimi tapped her on the shoulder and she turned to see her friend
standing there
with two guys who looked like something out of a bad Galactic Mob
holo-movie. They
were dressed in pin stripped suits, and had hats to match. The coat tails
were too long, and
the shoes were too shiny. Kimi was dressed like a gun mole.
        “Washu! I told you how to dress!” Kimi said with an annoyed look,
“Now
we’re
gonna’ be late while you change!”
        “Sorry, I’ve had a long day.” Washu sighed. She’d forgoten that they
were going
to a dress up party.
        “What happened?” Kimi asked as they walked off towords the dorm the
two
girls
shared.
        “Well, have any of you ever been transported through a MTU before?”
Washu
started.
        The boys both looked at each other with exprestions of confustion
and
fright.


        Latter that night, at the party, Washu and Kimi had lost track of
their
dates. It
didn’t matter though, becasue they were by far the sexiest ones there,
and men seemed to
flock to them. Kimi held up under the constant lavishing of affection,
but Washu ducked
out of the ring of young men and drifted over to the refreshment table.
She lifted a glass of
wine and snached up a few candied fruit slices before turning to go to a
table by herself.
        Once seated she nibbled at her food and sipped her wine, while
staring
off into
space blankly. Her mind was busy with equations and a hypothisis that
wouldn’t seem to
stop nagging at her. That sub space warp system that she had installed in
the battle cruiser
the day before was intriging. It had brought an idea into her head that
she wanted to work
on...
        “Hello, Washu.” a voice jarred her out of her day dream and she
looked
across the
table to see a man who looked to be just a little older then most of the
students around the
large room. He was about six feet tall, but he was built quite well. The
tux he wore fit him
in all the right places, and he was a good looking guy to boot. His eyes
were bright green,
just like hers...
        “Do I know you?” she asked him as she leaved forward to get a better
look. She
was then suddenly aware that his eyes had drifted down to her brests,
which were almost
falling out of the low cut gun mole dress she wore. She sat back quickly
and ahemed.
        “No, you don’t know me, but I know you.”
        “That’s not suprising. Almost everyone knows me.” Washu passed off
the
comment like it was nothing.
        “My employer is looking for some one like you to work for him.” the
man
said.
        “I didn’t catch your name.” Washu replied.
        “I didn’t give one.” he stopped smiling, “But I’ll tell you that
it’s
Kirva.”
        “Kirva? Sounds kinda’ shady to me.”
        “Really? Why’s that?” he raised any eye brow.
        “Because I happen to have just uploaded all the GP records for known
pirates into
a defense system on a cargo ship today, and the name Kirva came up a few
dozen times as
being a Class B criminal. You kinda’ look like the mug shot too, with
that scar on your
neck.”
        “Very good. What else do you know about me?” he smiled again and
leaned
forward on his elbows, with his chin resting on his hands.
        “That the scar is from a fight you had with a GP officer and that
you
killed him
before several more apreahended you. You escaped from a maximum secruity
prison three
years ago, and haven’t been seen since.” Washu looked him in the eye,
“And now you’re
working for someone else? He must be one hell of a bad ass...”
        “Indeed.” Kirva smiled even wider, “So what do you think?”
        “About what?”
        “The offer. Do you want to come with me and join our merry little
band
of pirates?
You could have all the time and money you need for any research you want
to do, and
expariments...”
        “Tempting, but no. I have my morals.”
        “I think you’d like our cause.”
        “No.” Washu said with a degree of finality that stopped any further
arguing.
        “Fine. Just one more question then, and you can say no to this too
if
you want to.”
        “What’s that?”
        “Would you like to dance with me?” he asked with a smile.
        Washu hesitated for a moment, then replied, “I’d love to.” she took
his
hand and
they walked to the dance floor as the next song started.
        “What the hell,” she thought, “We’re in a room full of people. It’s
not
like he
could kill me or kidnap me right here...”
        As it turned out, she had made the right choice. He danced like a
dream.
When the
next song started they danced that one too. And the next. And the next.
        After almost two hours, they finally walked back to the table they
had
been sitting
at, laughing and talking about their favourite kinds of music. Kirva
turned out to be a
lover of clasical music, as was Washu. They were discusing their
favourite works of
Yerginima the Thelcarian when Kimi walked over with hers and Washu’s
dates in tow.
        “Well Washu, it seems you’ve found a new date...” one of the guys
said.
        “How rude of you.” Kimi said with a wink.
        “It’s okay, I don’t mind sharing Kimi...” the other guy said.
        Washu rolled her eyes, “Acually, yes how rude of me. Kirva, this is
my
room mate
Kimi and her... uh... two dates Ujimo and Reska. Everyone, this is Kirva,
the notorious
space pirate, and class B criminal by GP records.”
        “Hello!” Kirva said in a cheery tone.
        “Is that what you’re suposed to be?” Reska asked.
        “No, that’s what I really am.” Kirva replied in the same cherry
tone.
        “So what’s a space pirate like you doing in a place like this?” Kimi
asked as she
leaned against the table. She apparently hadn’t caught on that he wasn’t
lying yet. Washu
bit her lip.
        “Acually, my boss wanted me to come here an recruit Washu to join
our
gang
becasue she’s sure a super-genius. She said no though, and I’m not going
to force her to
go, because I kind of like her.” he smiled at Washu and she smiled back.
        “So are you going to go back and tell your boss the bad news or
what?”
Kimi
asked him.
        “He’d probobly kill me, so I have to think of some way to change
Washu’s
mind
acually.” Kirva frowned. He really didn’t want to have to do that.
        “Nothin’ doin’.” Washu said firmly.
        “At least come tell him that so he wont just kill me on the spot.”
Kirva
pleaded.
        “Maybe. I’ll think it over. Get back to you in a year or so.”
        “You guys! Stop kidding around! We have class tomarow and it’s late!
Come one
Washu...” Kimi laughed and tugged at Washu’s arm. The red head didn’t
move.
        “Kimi, no one is kidding here. Kirva really is a Class B criminal,
and
he really does
want me to go talk to his boss.” Washu was deathly serious now. She’d
taken a liking to
Kirva, and didn’t want him to get killed because of her.
        “Uh...” Kimi was at a loss for words.
        “I’ll go.” Washu said and stood up.
        “Washu...” Kimi sounded concerned.
        “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” Washu hugged her, “Just tell Gadman
where I
am if
I’m not back tomarow.”
        “Okay.... but you be careful. No getting yourself killed before you
become the first
student to ever master every field of science at the Accadamy!”
        “She’s THAT Washu?” Ujimo exclaimed, “Oh man, did we miss out!”
        “Bummer!” Reska said, “No one to do our home work for us!”
        Washu and Kirva both rolled their eyes.

        “This is your ship?” Washu asked as they stood on the deck of the
repair
station
where she worked every day, “I must have walked past this thing at least
40 times in the
past week! It doesn’t look like a pirate ship...”
        “It’s not really...” Kirva said as they climbed the entrence hatch
walk
way.
        “What is it then?” Washu stopped and looked at him.
        “Please Washu. There’s not much time. We have to leave soon.” he
looked
desperate.
        “Leave? I’m not going any where! You said all I’d have to do was
tell
your boss
no, and I was free to go!”
        “I had to get you here though! It’s a matter of saving the universe!
Please Washu,
you must come with us!”
        “What the hell are you talking about?” Washu yelled.
        “Don’t move!” came an amplified voice from the darkness. Suddenly a
bright spot
light was shined on them, “We have you surounded! Come down with your
hands up...”
        Kirva turned and yelled up into the ship, “Let’s go!” and the hatch
started to close.
Washu jumped for the opening, but Kirva’s hand shot out faster then she
could move and
grabbed her. He held her up and ran inside the ship as blaster fire
rained all around them.
        Once inside, he tripped and fell to the ground. Washu turned and
punched
him in
the face. He fell back and asked, “What was that for?”
        “You kidnapped me!” she screamed.
        “I saved your life!”
        “I wouldn’t have needed saving if you hadn’t brought me here!” she
noticed the
black mark on his left leg, “You got hit!” she said, he voice suddenly
full of concern.
        “I’ll say! Damn!” he whiped some blood off his face.
        “No, your leg!” she ripped a strip from the hem of her dress and
carefully wrapped
the blackened burn.
        “Thank you.” he said and touched her hand.
        “I’m still pissed at you.” she said with a smile.
        The ship rocked, “Damnit!” Kirva yelled, “Will someone return fire
and
blast us
out of here?” he yelled down the corridor to the bridge.
        “Yes sir!” came a reply.
        “Sir? Are you the Captain here?” Washu asked.
        “No, I’m the first mate,” a tall man with silver hair and striking
black
eyes walked
down from the bridge. Kirva pointed, “He’s the Captain.”
        The tall man helped Washu up, and then Kirva. Kirva thanked him and
walked to
the bridge to take command.
        “Who are you? And what’s going on here?” Washu asked the tall man as
the
ship
rocked again, then returned fire.
        “My name is Altron Silverhawk, leader of the Triumveret of the
Sisters,
and you
are Washu Hakubi, the one I’ve been searching for all my life.”
        “Really? Why’s that?” Washu raised an eye brow.
        “Because you are the Prophet of the Middle Goddess.” Silverhawk
said.
        Washu stared at him blankly as she felt a hyperdrive engage and the
ship
take off.
        The ship took off into deep space, speeding away from the Accadamy
of
Science,
and Washu left the place for the first time in over 30 years.