      ==========================================
      Chap 4 - I Have Visitors, How Nice
      ==========================================


      Ayeka, in her battle garb, looked into the starry space as they
left the orbit of Earth.  Mihoshi, in her GP armor and sitting in her
navigating chair, was steering her ship on the view outside her cockpit
window.  Besides her was the smashed navigation computer.  Ayeka was
somehow thankful that Ryoko had smashed it to bits, it had not forced
them to head for Jurdain space instead.  Mihoshi was quietly humming a
rather peaceful tune, she seemed to be rather oblivious to the danger
they all approached.

      Ayeka also noticed Ryoko standing behind her, she had morphed
into a striking set of red and black armor.  The gems that she held in
her wrists and neck dimly throbbed with red power.  The small laces in
her outfit threatened to burst open, as if they were holding in water.
Ayeka had guessed that Ryoko hadn't worn her shape in quite a while, it
looked a bit saggy to her.  It certainly didn't look like Ryoko was the
active type, a clear example came to light as she arched her back and
let out a not so peaceful yawn.

      They had left Yosho, Sasami, and the Jurdain guardians back at
the house.  She was sure that her brother would protect her younger
sister with his life.  Sasami was too young to get involved with
something that could mean the end of her life.  Still it had taken an
extra set on convincing orders for the loyal logs to leave her side,
much less leave with her former enemy.

      As for herself, her stomach was knotted even more than she could
even imagine.  Here she was, with an inept GP officer and her most
powerful opponent in cahoots to rescue the man of her dreams.  In these
last few months, with feeling of strandedness and loneliness, Tenchi
had been there for her.  He had first been her friend, her researcher,
and now much more.  Though they have expressed their feelings for each
other, their actions hadn't been complete.

      It was still the feeling of being with such a common man that
drove a stake into the middle of their relationship.  Not her now, but
in her dreams.  When she introduced Tenchi to her father and mother.
To Funaho and Masaki.

      But the recent news of discovering that Katsuhito was her
brother, meant that true royal blood did flow through the veins of her
love, Tenchi.  Her dreams meant little for the reality that would
follow.  The news made for a hopeful future.

      "So, are we ready?" asked the impatient voice behind her.  Ayeka
turned to see Ryoko cracking her wrists and stretching her arms out.

      "Uh-huh." answered a rather calm voice from the cockpit chair.

      "Do you think this crazy scheme of your is going to work, Ryoko?"
questioned Ayeka.

      "Well, do you have a better idea?" Ryoko charged back.

      Ayeka clammed up at Ryoko's response.  There was not much else to
wait for.

      "Ok, there's the Souja.  Let's do this."  commanded Ryoko as they
all saw the massive craft up near Earth's moon.



      He was patient.  It was one of the traits that he did indeed so
master so well.  The giant viewscreen in front him told of a simple
picture, of A simple GP shuttle heading towards his unbeatable craft
Souja.  A viewscreen that had cost him over 100,000 Jurdain credits to
a couple of thieves from the Albinkin system.  Installing it had taken
over a week.  It was worth it.

      Actually, toying them with his new sophisticated playthings was a
good idea.  All he needed were those indestructible gems, therefore all
he needed was Ryoko, dead or alive.  So what if her body was done in,
after all those gems were indestructible.  Then the power of Jurai, the
power of Tsunami, was his for the taking.

      Trenching on the deck of the most powerful of ships had many
rewards.  The builder, his hostage, built this vessel to be fully
automated.  She had made sure it required no crew and no need for
maintenance.  And now he controlled it with his mind.  How easy is was.

      As for himself, the luck of finding his other lost plaything,
Ryoko, on such a backwater planet with the princess of Jurai and her
dear brother was almost too good to be true.  He had been distracted at
his mission, for almost as long as Ryoko had been missing.  But not
everything had turned out perfectly: releasing Ryoko had been a
mistake, her guile had used his body and energy to escape.  Somehow,
the master key had been poisonous to his touch, though Kagato could not
fully understand why.

      He looked back behind him, behind his organ and stage.  Wrapped
in white sheets of fiber around one the pillars was Yosho's grandson,
Tenchi.  He was still unconscious, the gash in his head slowly dripped
blood down this front.  Yes, Kagato thought, stealing this earthling
boy was perhaps his easiest move yet.  He had no powers.  And they
cared about this pawn, so they came for him.  How wonderful.  It was
time for the show to begin.

      Kagato walked up to his latest hostage, quickly releasing the
fiber bonds with mind.  Without the support, Tenchi's body fell onto
the cold floor with a sickening thud, the fall waking his aching body
from its slumber.

      "I see you're awake, boy.  Now get up."  Kagato came around from
the other side the column, shuffling his feet.  "It's time to see your
friends die."

      Tenchi, on one knee, slowly got up and looked into the burning
eyes of Kagato.  His head still cut, he ripped his left shirt arm and
wrapped it around his head, covering his wound.  "What do you want,
Kagato."

      "Don't even try anything." said Kagato, pointing to the
viewscreen.  "It's about time you learn of my services."

      "I will fight you, Kagato." said Tenchi, definitely.  "I will not
let you hurt Princess Ayeka and the rest of the girls."

      "You have no powers, boy." flashed Kagato, coming closer to the
standing Tenchi.  He flashed his energy sword on, holding to the throat
of Tenchi until he could see the glow of the weapon against Tenchi's
sweating skin.  "I see how well you are, you don't seem to shiver and
shake like the rest of my victims.  Yosho has raised you well."

      Undiluted by Tenchi's tactics, Kagato extinguished his energy
weapon, slid away and sat down at his organ.  "In a few moments..." he
said, under his breath.  "See your friends approaching?  Watch them
suffer.  I am only interested in that pirate Ryoko.  The others can
endure the cold feeling of space..."  spoke up Kagato as he began to
play somber, chilling cords from his organ.

      Tenchi waited patiently, looking at the screen at the approaching
GP ship that was Mihoshi's.  It's most definitely a trap and I'm the
bait, he thought.  What a way to end up.  I feel like fish food.  And
he for once, felt useless and barren.  Kagato's music was not helping
his spirit.

      "It's time." announced Kagato, licking his lips between chords.
Souja, reacting to Kagato's mind, creaked with power, reconfiguring
itself into an attack position.  At the same time, its secondary guns
opened, coming into focus of GP ship.  The first few shots missed
completely, but the next few barrages soon struck the outer wings of
the GP ship, causing it to excessively smoke.

      Stopping his masterful tune, Kagato looked ever so much closer at
the screen.  "And now boy, you will see the power of this vessel."  And
at a drop of hat, Souja's main cannon fired a lightening licked ball of
red energy toward the advancing enemy.

      Tenchi could only look up at the screen at the fiery sun-like
ball approach his friends.  It look like the poor ship would only
absorb a fraction of the energy, the Earth would serve as a convenient
backstop.  There was nothing to do except wait.

      But just before Souja's shot could hit, the blast battered into
an invisible wall of space.  It compressed itself into a flat pancake
and scattered out into many directions, letting space absorb most of
the energy in plumes of red and yellow.  It was only a split second
after that a Jurai ship materialized in front of them, unmarking the
ten ivory bows of its hull.

      "Tsunami! I should have known!"  Kagato jumped out of his chair
and roared as he raced closer to the viewscreen, his eyes and senses
distracted from everything else.  "How can it block so much power!"
The Jurdain flagship immediately unleashed a barrage of weapons fire
that the Souja was immediately not ready for.

      "Aaagh," yelled Kagato as the deck shook, sending Tenchi reeling
onto the cold gray floor.  Kagato, still floating and balanced, barked
out orders to his ship.  "Reinforce our decking to the bow of the ship.
Merge our layers into one and move us into the ethereal plane."  Good,
thought Kagato, that would give his ship double the reinforcement while
maintaining its own weaponry.

      Secondary shots from Tsunami rang through the hull of the now
reinforced Souja.  Usually the firepower would hit and engage the hull.
But by hiding most of Souja into another dimensional plane made it
difficult for Tsunami to find its target.  Meanwhile, Souja's guns were
starting to peel away at Tsunami's ten shields.  It was only a matter
of time.

      And then, Tsunami stopped firing.  Not wanting to hurt her most
prized icon, Kagato mind-linked Souja to halt as well.  Tenchi,
relieved at the silence, came out to take a look at the viewscreen.

      "What is going on?" asked Kagato, staring distastefully up at the
monitor.  A few more seconds of silence were finally answered by the
sudden shattering of metal and steel from behind him.  A sudden gust of
smoke and wind from the rear of the ship signaled something very
different.  The ship lurched, losing gravity distortion for a few
seconds before re-balancing itself.

      This time, Kagato unexpectedly stumbled to the ground.
Screeching sounds of breaking metal made him look up.  His brand new
viewscreen had suddenly released itself from its weak hinges, as it
fell on his spread body.  Kagato could only think how much pain was he
was going to dish out to those pirates if he ever saw them again.



      Amazing herself to no degree, Ryoko got up from the cold iron
floor after their purposeful conversion into the ethereal space.
Popping literally inside of Souja's ship had been hard enough.  The
cavernous room they were in was bruised and battered; it was now mostly
shaped in the indented form of Ryo-ohki, except where her spiked wings
had penetrated into other decks of Souja.

      "mew..." rang poor Ryo-ohki, now in cabbit mode.  She was still
shaken up from her latest trip.  She had black and blue bruises
covering her body from head to toe.

      "I'm sorry Ryo-ohki." answered Ryoko, looking down at her furry
companion, very worried for her and her ride home.  "But it was only
way to get here.  We would have never made it here without your help."

      "Meya!" smiled the worn cabbit due to the compliment from its
master.

      "Waaaa!  Give me my cube back!  It's not fair that you had to do
it!  I would have gotten it eventually," screamed a very upset Mihoshi.
She made several futile swipes to take the dimensional cube away from
Ayeka, who was actually recovering from the rough transition trip as
well.  Only ego bruised from her un-lady like landing, Ayeka quickly
recomposed herself.

      "OK, here you go" answered Ayeka, dropping the cube back to
Mihoshi.  "But I seem to understand this thing better than you do."

      "Hmmp," as the GP police officer took her cube, swiping it from
Ayeka's hand.  Mihoshi quickly morphed it back into a white furball and
placed it on her uniform belt.

      So far, thought Ryoko, they were getting out of this alive.  It
was only a couple of years ago, in another time, that herself, Ayeka,
and Tenchi had fought Kagato, defeating him.

      That fight from so recently gave Ryoko a bit of insight into
Kagato's wishes so far.  First, from seeing the little GP ship,
defenseless, coming his way must have awakened Kagato's side for
playfulness.  Operating the detached navigation controls, Ryoko steered
the GP ship closer from their hiding spot on the Earth's moon.  Sill,
the Souja lay in waiting, like a cobra coiled and ready to strike.

      Now that Tsunami was visible and vulnerable, Kagato could not
avoid delays as Tsunami was too much of a temping target.   Still,
using Tsunami as a distraction card had given her presence away.  Ryoko
had been very persuasive that the goddess should follow her plan.

      Still, the three of them had barely enough time to sneak up to
the Souja with Ryo-ohki.  Immediately after overlapping in space where
Souja's former physical self had been, Ryoko proceeding to shake
Mihoshi of her dimensional cube.  After a few tense moments and a
scuffle with Mihoshi, Ayeka managed to pick up the now lost cube from
the floor and jump Ryo-ohki into the ethereal plane.  So far, so good.

      "Ah, I see I have visitors.  How nice."  Not good, thought Ryoko.
They weren't even all settled when Kagato approached, silently,
gutturally laughing in their direction.  Besides a few rips in his cape
from the last couple of skirmishes and one lightly skinned hand,
Kagato still looked intimating as hell.

      "Tenchi!" exclaimed Ayeka as her lover rounded the corner after
Kagato.  Both of his sleeves from his morning tunic were slashed and
missing, there were blood soaked wraps around his head and thigh.
Physically in bad shape, Tenchi was definitely alert and walking
around.

      "Tenchi!!!" wailed Mihoshi.

      Ryoko saw Tenchi, but a ray of energy from Kagato distracted her
long enough.  She could see Tenchi's eyes light up as the blast hit
her, throwing her back to the far wall.  The wall caught her,
preventing her body from doubling over and flattening against the solid
floor.  Grimacing in pain, her suit smoldering a fine black cloud,
Ryoko rematerialized to her feet.  No longer, Ryoko thought, will that
creature Kagato take advantage of me.

      Powering up the three gems, Ryoko shot herself as a projectile
with lightening force.  Wind blew and energy increased, Tenchi and the
others were blinded from the wave of energy, and thus fell back.  Ryoko
struck into Kagato's body, he never had a chance to phase his physical
self out of existence.  As Kagato fell, he curled in pain, feeling for
his lower half.  Still conscience, energy swirled into a small cloud of
dust as he dematerialized thought the floor.

      Ryoko, now red hot for Kagato's bleeding heart to be served on a
platter, struck at the deck plating where Kagato's midsection had once
been.  Sticking her hand thought well past her elbow, Ryoko took a huge
swipe into the deck.  She peeled back the two-inch steel plating with
ease like a skin to an orange.

      "I'm going after him.  You know what to do," announced Ryoko as
she looked over at Ayeka.  Before the princess could object, Ryoko
dived into the black-fill hole she had just formed.



      "So, where are we?" asked Tenchi.  He was defiantly feeling
better now that the girls had rescued him.  Sort of.  "Are we going
home?"

      "Ryoko directed us to go this way."  pointed Ayeka as they
stormed down the long dim hallway.

      "Are you sure we shouldn't be going that way?" pointed Mihoshi,
to a passage that led off to the right.

      "Oh, I'm sure..."

      The three of them turned a corner to discover their goal.
Encased in a clear rectangle of quartz was a young girl of perhaps 14
years old, with long brazen red hair.  Covering her chest was a golden
crest of two birds intertwined.  With her eyes closed, she was standing
at peace.

      "Umm, is that her?" barbed the blond.  "Ooh, I just love those
ancient outfits!"

      "I believe that is her."  Ayeka closed her eyes, focusing her
energy onto the cellulite walls as a small ring of logs engaged it
around in several hoops of energy.



      The chase was fun indeed, even if he was the pray.  Not so much
by hiding behind some of Souja's engine equipment, but staying out of
view of his current opponent, Ryoko.  She was too powerful right now,
she could easily liquefy his physical body, then slam what was left
into pulp and more.

      Kagato's thoughts spirally delighted, he continued to pave his
later goals into accomplishments.  It had been more than a calculated
plan to get Ryoko aboard his flagship.  Now that Ryoko was following
his, it would be long until she was in the exact spot to strike back.

      His dreams stopped as the dimly lit engine room suddenly
brightened with the glow of red.  The rest of the lights weren't on nor
working, the room hadn't had the presence of a mortal in quite some
time.  Still, mounds of dust and soot lined the ever-present humming
equipment and green-glowing monitors.  Ryoko more than strolled into
the room, she literally lighted up the place.

      With power that pulsed and breathed from her wrist and neck,
Kagato imagined that in some worlds they might have viewed her as an
angel, sent down from the gods to help them.  But seeing those demon
eyes and fangs, along with the presence of untapped power would have
scared even the tamest of souls.

      Ryoko quickly scanned the darkened engine room for her former
suppressor.  Her gems shined an eerie glow off the glass monitors, dust
in the screen caused red energy to hazily cascade out.  All the
equipment was making her job very complicated at the moment.

      Kagato blew his nostrils out, collecting the strength for his
upcoming assault.  A small bit of dust popped up into the air.  It was
here, more than 2,000 years ago where he had repeated the action
already once done.

      He remembered the delight in looking down at Ryoko tortured body
that first week.  Gashes and deep wounds in her body.  A face drawn in,
her skin stuck to her life it had been glued and shellacked into place.
She screamed for hours at a time.  At the lost of her energy, at the
loss of part of her mind.

      He coaxed Washu into wiping Ryoko's mind in order to save her
sanity.  It had been almost an accident on how she had insured herself.
Too painful to ever remember, Washu struck the memories from her
daughters mind as well as her own.  Including how Kagato had once
captured Ryoko.  Alas, a thoughtless game once ago had provided his
answers for collecting the gem energy.

      He lurched near the ground, in search of his goal.  And
unscrewing one the intake values that led directly into the warp core,
the released hose licked with dark shaded energy.  The blue and white
tube, about two inches round, was quite flexible as it twisted silently
like a cobra, still attached by its tail.

      The warp core acted as suction, Kagato felt the immediate drain
of his free-flowing energy as tingles ran down his arm to the intake
that was once attached to its massive batteries.  He could see his
flesh almost boil away furiously, lines of pure fine silk energy that
streamed themselves out of his skin and into the now open vacuum.
Putting his hand near the intake, he could feel as well as see flesh
almost drawn out of him and disappear.  Kagato looked down at his left
hand which he had lost so recently, losing skin and muscle was just
part of the process again.  And he smiled, not just at the stripping
pain but at the sheer horror of the effect it would have on Ryoko and
her gems.

      Grasping the hose near the nozzle with his now stripped hand, it
no longer drew energy because Kagato could no longer feel his arm below
his elbow.  Sucked dry of power, his arms now hardened and stiff.  Only
this near could Souja's core accept a direct connection with the gems,
sucking them dry in minutes.  With the core that breathed on the
everlasting and intoxicating power of the gems, there would be no way
to stop him.

      All of Kagato's movements had raised quite a few dust clouds into
the air.  Ryoko, sensing movement and knowing her pray, struck quite
quickly in Kagato's general area, firing with both hands large balls of
energy.

      "Good show, Ryoko.  Now come and get me if you can." dared the
voice of Kagato.

      "Yea, that's right.  I'm finishing you off once and for all."
spat Ryoko.  In response, she dived behind the counter where Kagato
surely lay in wait.

      But he was not there.  Pissed as hell, Ryoko hastily fired energy
shots in every direction.  Equipment went flying.  Tiles and steel fell
from the high ceiling.       Huge amounts of dust was released into the
air, chocking the cramped view for Ryoko.

      "I'm afraid ever with all that given power, you can't seem to
find me."  Kagato was doing was he did best; toying with his enemy.  "I
see how your mind will always be primitive, Ryoko.  Such a pity."

      Shooting random shots in all directions just infuriated Ryoko
even more since none for them could drive Kagato out of hiding.  His
voice seem to come from everywhere, the reflective walls hid his true
position very well.  It was never a good idea to piss off the pirate
demon, therefore it was definitely not a good idea to mess with one
that could poke holes through the hull like a hot knife through butter.

      And Kagato laughed.  He was having the time of his life and knew
it.  He also knew he was very close now.  Indeed.



      Ryoko was in no mood for mind games.  Tearing though half the
ship had been one thing.  But the games were starting to tire her mind
as well as her reflexes.  She urged to corner her long time master and
finally strike him down.

      The last time they met, Ryoko had been able to complete her due
because Ayeka was in the same room and might have been killed by an
irregular blast.  This time, the only reason Ryoko had not just torn
though the ship like a total savage is that she knew the rest of them
were on board getting her mother out of stasis.  Kagato was her job
now, the three gems just made her power much easier the handle and
fiercer to control.

      Still, playing this most recent cat and mouse game had really
ticked Ryoko off.  Shooting energy balls in all directions, Ryoko was
sure that the crispy form of Kagato would throw himself at her feet for
mercy.  She was close to unbeatable.  With no ego checks to stop her,
dust and debris soon littered everywhere.

      She lost it when Kagato laughed.  Throwing equipment around like
cars in a tornado, Ryoko blazed a path towards where she thought
Kagato's sickly laugh originated.  She proceeded without caring,
without danger.  A few more panels blew to smithereens as Ryoko let out
a few more balls of energy.

      Suddenly, a shadow of white surprised her, popping up from behind
a nearby panel, under twenty feet from herself.  The dust had hidden
the face, but Ryoko had seen enough of the evil smirk to know who it
was.

      "Kagato!" she roared.  With both hands up, she fired massive
energy bolts toward the surprising figure.  But they didn't strike
Kagato, instead they 'disappeared' as if the hand of god as swiped
their existence away.  Not pondering what had happened, she charged,
lighting a path of fire behind her.

      As Ryoko came closer, a sudden force swung her balance out of
control.  She could see Kagato bracing for her impact, but his hands
held firm onto a tube.  As if Kagato were capturing pray, he seemed to
smack his lips in excitement.  Off balance, Ryoko spindled in the air
now out of control.  Her body turned sideways facing perpendicular yet
she fell forward toward Kagato.

      It all happened in a flash.  As soon as contact was made, her own
body burned without fire.  She realized that the tube was sucking the
very life force from her body.  And for the next second, she was held
fast while she screamed in intense pain.

      "AAAAHHH!!!"  Ryoko's eyed blazed over in fury, with her arms she
made strong swings at Kagato's head, missing badly.  "...You will
pay!!!...AAAAAAaaaa!!" as Ryoko gritted her fangs.

      "Why, I am surprised at you Ryoko.  I would think that you would
remember the first time I caught you." smiled the guardian once more.

      With arms moving and legs flailing uncontrollability, Ryoko could
no longer respond with intelligent words.  The gems, angry about being
tapped like the natural springs they were, throbbed with unevenness on
Ryoko's body, but they could do no other action.  Tilting her head
over, Ryoko looked into Kagato's eyes once again with every form of
hatred she knew.

      How typical, thought Ryoko, to be captured again.  The cycle of
pain, freedom and anguish just continued without peace.  In the last
two days, Kagato had struck her down with a single maneuver.  As if he
had read my mind.

      A swirl of imagination entered her mind as her physical body once
again fell.  Why again, she thought.  Do I have a sign that says 'plan
to so and so' stamped on my forehead?  Am I just plain stupid?

      Ryoko had no idea why her movements had been so guessed by her
opponents.   It was if as her thoughts had betrayed her.  Aware her
precious energy that had been bled away, she was still unprepared for
the unbearable pain that came at last.  And again her body joined with
her clouded mind into unconsciousness.
