Disclaimer:

All right everyone.  Tenchi Muyo! is the are property of AIC and Pioneer.
Tenchi Muyo! and all its characters were created by Masaki
Kajishima.  The author of this fan fiction therefore only owns the
writings.  This copyright is 2001 under Devin A. Brown.

Ahem: I don't have any money right now, so don't sue me.  Besides, this
has been kinda fun... ^_^  You do want me to write more, don't you?

C&C to: dbrown10028@hotmail.com


            +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


                  Between Dreams and Reality

                  by Incantrix


            +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



      ============================================
      Chap 1  - Peaceful Interruptions
      ============================================



The irony of life is that it is lived forward but understood backward.
      - Soren Kierkegaard



      Peaceful, but not for long.  He could never get any sleep!  Didn't
I just put my head down on my pillow? Tenchi thought.  I'm just exhausted
and my bones are tired.

      Then is this a dream or is it reality?  Was it sitting at breakfast
one average morning, drinking some tea and watching?  Watching those two
girls fight before my eyes, all the time, he just couldn't control
himself anymore.  Sometimes, he'd try to separate them.  Lately, he would
lurk away and withdraw from the scene.

      It's those scenes he dreaded the most.  Fighting like the noble
family and pirate they are, one of them was going to have to change
their stripes or they would drive the passion's away.

      A switch to another scene.  For every morning, it was like
regular clockwork.  Maybe she would forget.  Tenchi wondered, she can
be so lazy with chores and cleaning the house, but to miss his eyes
opening...alas, it wouldn't be long now...



      Slowly, undaunted, Tenchi left his unconscious self and emerged
into the real world.  He refused to open his eyes to the sunlight that
streamed through his window.  He could tell it was very early, for the
low arching sun had reflected off the waxed floor reflecting perfectly
into his eyes.

      "Tenchi..." he heard softly in the distance, from somewhere
behind his white bedroom wall.  It was a soulful voice, a caring voice,
the voice that watched over him.  He knew that voice all so well.

      "Uuggh..."  All he could do was stick his pillow over his head.
Yesterday, it was hot tea that Sasami had so carefully crafted, it was
shame it ended up in his lap, halfway down his pants, burning between
his legs.  Wow, it still hurts down there. He could never look at tea
the same way.

      Ever since she made the BIG deal the first time he got up in the
morning, he couldn't shake her.  He tried sleeping outside, but she
tracked his down with a little help from Ryo-ohki on a leash.  Damn,
that little furball could sniff him out for miles.  He tried sleep-
hiding in the storage sheds where the carrots are kept and Sasami found
him instead, gathering vegetables for breakfast.  He even retreated to
the shrine.  It was great sleeping until grandfather showed up and ran
him through double sessions of practice before his first meal.  Close
to giving up, he surrendered to fate.

      "Tenchi...my darling," reverberated throughout the room, as Ryoko
teleported and appeared above him.  The cyan haired demon was very
excited that it was morning, indeed!

      "Don't you have someone else to bother?" whined a tired Tenchi.
The conversation was already on the top of his tongue, already
programmed to go off.

      "Oh no Tenchi, for it is morning and I want to see you" as Ryoko
batted her eyes lids and smiled like an innocent schoolgirl.  "Now rise
and shine."

      Why does it have to be every morning, Tenchi thought. When was
the last time I got some decent rest around here? The simple please of
sleeping a little late would be nice.  After all, grandfather had
noticed how sluggard he's had been in cleaning off the steps yesterday.
At least he's giving me the morning off.

      But he just couldn't take any more interruptions. Pain cascaded
down his back.  The fall harvesting season meant pulling up carrots
from the ground, for more than a couple of hours a day.  Ah, he
thought, to grow some other vegetables, like tomatoes.

      But this was for once, his Sunday to rest.  And that meant no
troubles, especially early morning ones.  And for once, he was real
tired of it.  Actually, sick of it.  Couldn't stand it...

      "Ryoko!" commanded Tenchi.  He heaved his covers off his bed.
Ryoko, surprised at Tenchi's sudden movements, quickly disappeared into
the floor.

      "Ewww...I've never seen you so aroused in the morning, Tenchi.
How about some early fun where we..." Ryoko quietly reappeared with her
mouth over Tenchi's ear and started whispering the rest of her rather
perverted thoughts into his mind.

      "Cut it out! I am not your plaything to be fooled around with as
you see fit!"  Tenchi had not totally pulled himself out of bed,
instead he used his covers to fend himself away from Ryoko.

      "But I'm just so..." Ryoko could no longer keep her words in
coherent sentences "in to you..."  She was delightfully twirling her
finger against Tenchi's shirt.  "How can I help it if that's how I
feel?"

      "Ryoko, we've had this talk before." In fact, he never really
told Ryoko about the morning wake ups, but he couldn't think of
anything else to say.  The lack of sleep and the button pushing by
Ryoko had finally driven his mental state to the edge.

      Tenchi wanted to yell at her, call her off and away from him.
Instead, his mind turned to better judgment of the situation.  Ignoring
Ryoko, he quickly tucked himself back into a curled sleeping position.
"I need my space!  Can't you just leave me...alone?"  In defiance, he
buried his head in his pillows.

      "Fine.  But what if I wasn't here, Tenchi?"

      Now that was an interesting question.  But Tenchi didn't have to
think, he just wanted to sleep.



      Ayeka and Mihoshi were hanging around the base of the stairs, for
a Sunday they were both up rather early in the morning. They had
already seen Noboyuki go off to work, something about some 'blasted'
project under his breath due on his bosses desk by the next morning.
Yosho had already left to the shrine.  The front door during their exit
was left wide open, letting in the fresh air and morning sun into the
Masaki house.  It certainly was peaceful time.

      No matter how I compare the beauty Jurai, Ayeka thought, it
sometimes pales to the morning sunshine of this temporary home.  Jurai
had been so maintained for hundreds of years that it indeed was a very
beautiful place.  Jurdain trees were always in such noble places,
countless courtyards of shrubs and flowers; it gave the planet a bit of
artificial feel. Somehow, it had lost the sense of soil, home-ness.
Being planet bound on Earth was a nice return indeed.  The sight of a
runaway squirrel gathering nuts for the winter only confirmed the
presence of nature.

      Sasami was exiting the kitchen with a fresh batch of tea, morning
biscuits and jelly.  The cabbit Ryo-ohki had made herself comfortable
in her usual spot on top of Sasami's head.

      "Some tea, Mihoshi?" asked Sasami, holding the tray carefully
with both hands, especially when she was around the GP officer.

      "Thank you, Sasami," answered Mihoshi to a morning cup.  "When
are you going to show me the secrets to making such good
tea...yummmmm."

      "Miya."  Sasami just smiled at the comment, and let Ryo-ohki do
the talking for her today.  She had just poured her older sister's cup
when their peaceful morning was suddenly over.

      "Tenchi!!" bellowed upstairs from Ryoko.

      "Get out!" from Tenchi.

      Another "Tenchi..." from Ryoko.

      From there, a succession of screen door slams and other choice
curse words.

      When Ayeka had seen Tenchi yesterday, he in fact looked tired.
Taking care of four ladies (and one very hungry cabbit!) under one roof
had been too much for poor Tenchi, and he needed a day off.  Actually,
she was surprised that Tenchi had not accompanied his grandfather to
the shrine, but alas, Yosho had made no comment on Tenchi's absence.

      Ryoko teleported downstairs to near the front door with her head
much lower than usual, swinging the open door shut in disgust.

      "He doesn't want to see me."  Ryoko sniffed after her statements,
the rest of the group could see Ryoko's eyes were rather red-lined and
puffy.  "He actually told me to get out..."

      Ayeka was amazed that Tenchi had made such a statement,
especially to Ryoko.  She thought that it was about time Tenchi had put
his foot down on something.  The less than stellar energy and the lack
of sleep could even have sharpened his tongue.

      However, noticing a moment, Ayeka did not waste any time.  She
dove right into her favorite sparring partner.  "Miss Ryoko, why don't
you leave Tenchi alone?"

      Ryoko shot back, ready to defend herself.  "Why, so you can have
him for yourself?"  Ryoko did not like Ayeka's line of questioning one
bit.  She hovered up a step on the stairs to get a better look over her
opposition's head.

      "Did you every think Lord Tenchi would be tired?" injected back
Ayeka.

      "Perhaps of you, spoiled princess."  Ryoko was laying it on
pretty thick.

      "Or you, monster woman!"  Ayeka was getting her emotions charged
up for an early morning battle.  Blue sparks flew into the air, ready
to land on opponents.

      "Oh really, well, we'll just see about that."  Ryoko made a grab
for the tea serving kit that Sasami had passed around.  "Well, I'm
bringing him breakfast!"

      Ayeka was ready but not fully prepared.  "Oh, we'll just see
about that.  When was the last time you made food, even for yourself!"
Ayeka seized the other part of the tray while poor Sasami held on for
dear life.

      "Perhaps I could bring Tenchi some breakfast?" questioned in the
other princess.  Sasami was trying her best to break up the morning
argument to no avail.  "I spent a lot of time making these fresh jams."

      Meanwhile, Mihoshi had taken a few morning biscuits for herself
and was helping herself to more contents on the tray as well.  "Oh! Is
that the carrot jelly you made?" she piped.

      Sasami, desperate to alter the situation, changed the subject
gleefully.  "YES!  I made it-"

      "Miyaaaa!"  Ryo-ohki had heard the magic word 'carrot' and
charged for the tray.

      **SMASH**

      Piping hot tea, fresh biscuits, sticky carrot jelly, and one
furry Ryo-ohki went flying.

      "Ryoko!" screamed Ayeka.

      "WAAAAAA!!! Do you know how hard it is to get this stuff out of
my hair!" yelled Mihoshi.

      "Ryoko! Ayeka! Oh both of you!" Sasami stomped.

      "I think I'll take a walk..." commented Ryoko as she shyly
dematerialized through the floor.



      Washu had been working on eleven projects, at least two could
affect the Earth and another one could damage the local star cluster.
Still, she wasn't satisfied with the scope of her current projects,
they seemed oh, so unimportant.  She couldn't deal with an experiment
without it affecting the universe at least once week. Oh well, nothing
like another normal day of science.

      She had been up for at least three days now without sleep,
working on her latest project.  Even though she promised Funaho she
wouldn't build any more Ryo-ohki's, she was fooling around with some
imported Mass and planning another furry creature.  You know, Ryo-ohki
could use some friends, she though.

      "miya.."

      "Ahhh, I was just thinking of you..." Washu turned her head in
the direction of her furry creation.  "Oh, and what happened to you?"

      "mew..."  Poor Ryo-ohki's fur was covered head to toe with wet
biscuit crumbs.

      "Oh, you poor thing!" Washu clicked a few button on one of her
keyboards.  "I've got the perfect fix!"

      Clicking noises started Ryo-ohki from the lab ceiling.  Suddenly,
a metallic giant arm came down and grabbed the cabbit before she could
escape.

      "Miya?"

      "Don't worry, it's just my cabbit washing machine." as Washu
could answer any more gleefully.  It didn't matter, for a battle-tested
cabbit was plenty scared.

      "Miya! Miya! Meyaa!"

      "Come on!  It's perfectly safe for naughty crystals like
yourself!" replied a reassuring Washu.  She left her chair and walked
over to a suspended Ryo-ohki.

      The robotic arm proceeded to drop Ryo-ohki in a open chute from
the floor.  The chute was labeled with <<Danger!>> <<Cabbits Only!>>
and <<Definitely No Humans or Space Pirates Allowed!!!>> signs.

      "Meya!...." howled the falling Ryo-ohki.  For the next few
minutes, scared and tortured 'miya' sounds echoed behind Washu's
laboratory walls.

      *Bing*

      From the ceiling, our reluctant cabbit hero dropped from another
chute landing safely onto the floor.  Yes, she was clean, bright, and
bushy-tailed.  In fact, with a little too much bushy-tailed.  Her poor
fur had an extreme case of 'fuzzy' from Washu's dryer cycle.

      Washu was in ultra cute mode by this time.  "Awe, is my little
furball going to be ok?"

      "mew..." answered back the tired little cabbit.



      Ryoko had quietly phased behind Washu and her terminal with her
head was facing down.  <Oh, hello there, my little Ryoko> was the
thought in her head from Washu.  It was only the link in her mind that
alerted Washu to Ryoko's presence. <What is wrong with my little
darling?  I see you've already caused some trouble this morning.>

      Ryoko was now leaning her head high on the glass, her breath
visible in the reflection. "I'm lonely..."  Her Ryo-ohki, seeing one
look at the space pirate, ran into one of the corners of the lab.  She
did not feel like getting another washing today.

      "And..." chimed Washu as she continued to type away on her
holographic keyboard.

      "Butt-out..."  Ryoko sighed.

      "You didn't come down here for the scenery, for I have none."
Washu had stopped typing at her terminal and was up and about.  "I know
why your down here."

      <Blast that link!>  Ryoko was going to have shut out Washu more
to her feelings.  Its bad enough the first time they met, Washu had her
pegged for her feeling about Tenchi.  In closing off her mental link,
it also cut her train of thought.  "How can I...ahhh...errr..."  For
once, Ryoko was without words.

      Washu was now standing intently behind Ryoko, whispering into her
ear. "How about a bath, we haven't had any mother-daughter talks in a
while."

      "Washu.." Ryoko's head was still buried beneath her upright arms
and the glass wall.

      "I'll wash your back?"

      "Washu!" Ryoko pointed out from her manmade cave.

      "I'll bring some sake?"  At this point, Washu was really enjoying
this.

      "WASHU!!!" hissed Ryoko.  Oh yeah, Ryoko reflected, like some
sake is open my trap to you, Washu.

      "Come on, I'm not an idiot; after all, I am the greatest mom in
the universe."  Washu was now smiling and really quite proud of
herself.

      Ryoko couldn't believe her ears.  "Why you, how could you say..."
A bit of reality hit Ryoko, and after a quick stutter she knew at that
moment there was no choice, no words to describe her feelings.  The
emotional burden of this morning consumed her heart.  Ryoko's whole
body lacked its needed strength and she fell into a jumbled heap on the
floor.

      Dripping with emotional loss, she was close to tears.  "I...I...I
just can't deal with Tenchi anymore," sniffed Ryoko. "He doesn't care
about me, he doesn't feel..."

      Washu put her hand on her daughter's cyan mane and combed her
hair down.  "There, there, my little Ryoko."

      Ryoko continued after a long pause, sinking her body into her lap
even closer to the ground.  "It's that blasted Ayeka, she is up to
something, I just know it."

      Washu, in response to trying to cheer her daughter up, was
definitely not letting Ryoko off the hook.  "As I suspected for some
time."

      Ryoko looked with her head up, rather horrified.  "What!  Are you
kidding me? You've never said there was a chance that Tenchi and Ayeka
would be together...are you sure?"

      "Well..." Washu was still thinking about the point as she put her
fingers on her chin.

      Ryoko had now picked herself off the floor and was alert as a
bear near honey. She grabbed onto Washu's collar and stared into her
eyes.  "Washu, you have better tell me the truth."

      "Let's see," Washu managed to slip quickly away from Ryoko's
grip.  She turned to a new terminal that phased into existence.  A few
lines of code popped on the screen.  After a few seconds of keystrokes
and observations...

      *Bleep*

      The computer binged out a response like it had a dozen biscuits
ready in the open.  "According to this, Tenchi and Ayeka have a 12.78
percent chance of getting married," flatly reported Washu.

      "WHAT!! I'm going to kill that hussy Ayeka!"  Ryoko's eyes just
let up with energy as her hands threatened to latch onto the next poor
passerby.

      *Bleep*

      "Whew, the odds just jumped to 13.19 percent, I wonder what
caused that?"

      Ryoko was just plain furious.  "Well! I'll show HER..."  Ryoko
had pushed Washu away from the computer and was grabbing the side edges
with rather frightening energy.

      "Now take it easy..." Washu chimed in.  Damn, Washu thought, why
did I have to use a regular terminal instead of the one that just
phases in and out of existence?

      Ryoko had managed to get a pretty good grip on the terminal, and
with all that that extra emotional fuel that Washu supplied, Ryoko let
it out.  After all, all that energy wasn't just going to disappear.

      *Cracckkk*

      Ryoko had managed to rip the terminal off its platform.  She
raised the defeated screen like a championship trophy in the air. "So,
what do you think of those odds right now."  Then, she heaved the
terminal into the corner, smashing it into pieces of useless metal and
glass.

      "Feel better?" asked Washu.  She was worried for her daughter and
not so much for the terminal anymore.

      Ryoko was still breathing heavily from here so recent actions.
"Not really..."  She sighed as the emotional fire quickly left her
eyes.

      "Ryoko..." pleaded Washu.

      Ryoko had already turned around and had started to sulk slowly to
the exit door.  "...I'm sorry, Mom."  she answered back, sincerely as
possible.

      Washu chimed in merrily, "Little Ryoko, can you do me a favor?"
Ryoko shook her head in approval. "Can you clean up this mess?"

      Ryoko quickly rematerialized and clutched the broom and dustpan
kit that Washu was so brightly holding up. "Err...sure."  Ryoko didn't
have the heart to transport herself to the scene, instead she shuffled
off to the back of the lab.

      "I can't totally predict the future," answered Washu.

      But I'm sure hell going to sure try, thought Washu.

      "Uh-huh," sighed Ryoko.

      "Your going to be all right, Ryoko," explained Washu.  Ryoko
heard her mom, but she could not answer for her heart was too low.



      This is unbelievable, Ryoko thought, that I have to clean up my
own mess.  Damn that Washu, she can be so right sometimes.  I know, I
don't usually open up that type of stuff to her, but everyone else is
just pissed mad at me right now.  Everyone else.  At least she
understands me.  At least a bit.

      Ryoko had thrown the terminal into a dark corner of the lab.  A
sign above one of the keyboards have been labeled 'Dimensional Tuner'
but Ryoko really didn't pay any attention too much to her surroundings.

      "Hey Washu, are there any lights around here?  I can't find some
of the glass shards on the floor," questioned Ryoko.

      "Just flip the switch on the wall, dear," answered back Washu.

      I guess she means this one on the left wall, Ryoko thought.  She
turned it on and some overhead green & blue lights filtered some
useable light onto the floor.

      Why does that Ayeka have to be so impossible, thought Ryoko.  She
doesn't see it my way at all, I just can't understand it.  Why can't I
just be with Tenchi?

      What is wrong with me anyway?  This morning was just
unbelievable.  Why did Tenchi throw me out of his room this morning?
She took a quick sniff of herself.  All she could smell was carrot jam.
Doesn't he want to see me?  Does he even care about me anymore?

      Ryoko's shoulders just shuddered under her own convictions.
Ryoko had just a few pieces of glass left to sweep up.  Well, that will
do.  Now, where's that dustpan...



      Washu was already busy into her next experiment when she noticed
the hissing of fresh energy and the colored lights from the far edge of
the lab.  She turned her stool and attention around.  "Be careful in
there, Ryoko!"

      "Huh?!"  Ryoko lifted her head up from near the ground.  At the
same time, the pole of the broom pushed a switch up on the main control
panel.

      Oohhh, that can't be good, deliberated Washu.  Little Ryoko just
pulled a Mihoshi.  Oh well, I better check her for blond genes...

      Washu quickly jumped off her chair and ran toward her daughter as
fast as her little legs could carry her.  It was evident that she was
not going to make it to her destination in time.

      Too late! Must reach the portable augmenters before...

      Because above Ryoko's head, the great machine had awakened from
its slumber. Above her head, a blue and green sphere piped with life-
giving power and came to life.  Infused with energy, the tuner
fulfilled its purposeful existence by setting up its possible matrix of
variables based upon its input scan.

it set up the possible matrix for its purposeful existence.



      Damn it, He never did answer my question this morning.  What if I
wasn't here, Tenchi?  What would do without me?

      Yea, what if I didn't exist, or I wasn't known to you, Tenchi.
After all, what if Tenchi had never released me from the cave that
Yosho had sealed me in?  What if my mind-

      *Click*

      *Whoosh*

      "Washu!, did you say-" said a mystified Ryoko.

      Washu was definitely yelling from the far side of the lab.  With
her arms flapping around like a chicken, Ryoko couldn't make head or
tails on what was going on.

      The green and blue lights that were previously above Ryoko's head
were now shining and focusing into a small laser beam onto Ryoko's
forehead.  A small golden metallic sphere area dropped from the ceiling
and focused its camera module at Ryoko.

      "Huh? What is it?"  Ryoko was startled by the movement above her.
If it's Washu trying to put me in another trap, though Ryoko, I'm not
going to talk to her for a month.

      "Ryoko!  Before it syncs-" yelled Washu.

      Lights and screens activated on the controls had now filled the
small corner brightly.  Energy wildly sparked and unleashed itself into
the air.  All of a sudden, white fire engulfed Ryoko.

      "Aaachh!.."  Ryoko could see the golden sphere monitor the energy
cocoon around her body.  The grip of power on her was unbelievable.
She tried to activate her sword to knock out the transmitters from
above, instead it reacted with the energy, drained away and died.

      "Ryoko!" screamed an hysterical Washu, as she saw her daughter
jumble over in pain.  Tidal waves of energy were now cascading out of
the corner of the lab, interfering with the local continuum.  Glass
shattered.  Tables and chairs moved by invisible hands flipped over.
Chaos ensued.

      Ryoko saw Washu ripple in waves like a bad mirror reflection.
Her face became distorted and pinched, her hair became drawn out as
well as least six or seven feet behind her head.  A final undulation
and Washu disappeared at a drop of a hat.  Seconds later, the white
energy built to a crescendo that claimed Ryoko's consciousness.



      Ryoko awoke to darkness.

      "What...where...Washu!...get this thing off of me!"  Again, she
could not move.  Pressure was building down on all sides, a strong vice
had her body held tight.

      The pain was almost unbelievable.  Ryoko was half expecting to
have Washu rip the blindfold off, where Ryoko would find herself
strapped in for dear life.  "Ryo-ohki, come on, where are you
hiding...now be a good girl and for six carrots GET ME OUT OF HERE!"

      No response.

      "AYEKA!!!" Ryoko shrieked.

      Nothing.  Ryoko turned her thought pains away at the crisis at
hand and was trying to figure out how the hell she ended up in the
predicament.  It had to be Mihoshi's fault, for Ryoko had no one else
to blame.

      "Tenchi..."  A single tear dropped from Ryoko's eye.  Her pain
quickly turned to despair at the thought of losing her mother and her
home.

      Strange, Ryoko thought, if I was bonded in Washu's lab, then I
wouldn't feel the tear down the side of my neck, would I.  Where the
hell am I then?

      A soft breeze had started to blow into her face as a background
glow embossed an image in front of her.  Ryoko then saw it: a perfect
reflection of herself about twenty paces away.  The detail matched
perfectly from her soft hair spikes to her plunging neckline.  However,
when she blinked her eyes, there was no reaction from the reflection.
With her eyes closed and her head tilted lower, Ryoko inferred that
'thing' could not be a reflection of herself.

      "Hey! Let more out of here..."  Surprising, she did not get an
answer to her request. "You two-timing phony."  The image came closer
and closer.  Wind currents grew fiercer which ruffed even Ryoko's stiff
hair.

      "So what are you doing to me, don't you think duplicating me has
been done enough!!?"  Her body double was now on top of her.  It
flipped around in a quick turn until Ryoko faced the back of her head.

      Hey, I never noticed the back of my head before...wow, I really
do have bad hair days.  No wonder Tenchi refuses to give me backrubs.

      Her mind wandered as her body was about to merge with her new
twin.  Light cascaded from the edge of her body until the images were
matched.  Then, energy subsided until there was only darkness once
again.  With nothing else to see, Ryoko drifted back into subconscious.



      Ryoko awoke from her darkness to a spring morning.  She was
looking up at the sky, her body flatly lying on the dry ground.  The
sun was early in the heavens, it was just getting ready to pierce a
fairly high cloud.  She could hear the trees sway in the winds and dry
leaves tumble down the steps.  She was back on Earth.  She was home
again.

      "Tenchi...where are you..." Ryoko whispered to herself.

      Her mind was a total fog, the memory had been temporary put on
hold.  No matter, for Ryoko knew she had to find him.

      Her fine ears picked up the sweeping sound of a broom.  Ah-ha!
thought Ryoko, Tenchi is at the shrine sweeping the front patio.  She
quickly took off in the air up the side of the hill.

      Wow, she thought, how quickly I'm flying up the side of the hill.
She couldn't believe her inner strength from having just survived that
menacing darkness that Washu put her through.

      Then she saw him.  There he was, in that brown coat with his
trusty broom sweeping away at the top steps of the shrine.  His image
became bigger as she flew up...

      "Tenchi!!!"

      Unnoticed, Ryoko jumped at him with untapped joy-

      Only to find her body to phase right through him.

      At that exact moment, her mind cleared-

      "NOOOO!!!!"

      For Ryoko knew her physical body was still trapped in that
blasted cave.


