      ============================================
      Chap 7 - Homeward
      ============================================


All the world's a stage,
And all the men and women merely players.
      - William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"



      "Hey, do you want to get me out of here?" yelled Washu.  Ryoko
could hear her mother's voice hollering throughout the lab.

      "Coming..." replied a worn-out Ryoko.  Exhausted from her battle
with Kagato, she lifted herself off the ground and shuffled over to the
far corner.

      "Are you ok?"  With the little strength she had, Ryoko lifted off
the steel that had fallen on Washu.  A thick layer of dust and soot
covered most of Washu's body.  The few cuts and bruises Washu had were
blackened over with dried blood and soot.

      "I think I'm in one piece."  Bowing her hair back into a normal
shape, Washu took her time looked up at Ryoko.  "I never had a daughter
who was a god before!  How exciting!"

      "Mom!" snapped Ryoko.

      "Can I run some tests on you before you go?"  questioned Washu,
her eyes wide like giant saucers.

      "No!" yelled back Ryoko.  She sighed in exhaustion.  "You very
well know I can't stay."  Ryoko grabbed a hold of her mother's arm and
pulled her closer.

      Ryoko turned around to the far side of the lab, looking for
answers.  Tenchi's broken body lay on the table, still visible in the
dim light.

      <I want to bring back my love, Tenchi...please mom...>

      <Ryoko...>  Washu turned toward her daughter, she reached out and
held her by the arms.

      <More than anything, I need him more than even you realize.  He
is the breath of my air.  I can't see him like this.  I have once
watched over his entire lifetime.  I could not protect him from Kagato,
what makes me think I can protect him again?>

      <He is not your Tenchi.  I'm not your Washu.  Let us go.>
answered Washu.

      "But...But I..." stuttered Ryoko, her voice strained beyond her
belief.

      <Ryoko.  No one should ever have to travel into their own mind.
Especially yours.  How many sad memories do you have over the last two
thousand years?  Your unconsciousness created this place.  It wasn't
programmed.>  Washu paused a second and continued her stream of
thoughts, now out load.  "I cannot help you here.  Please.  It's hard
enough for me to face you as well."  Washu was tearing now, her eyes
red with sorrow.

      "I understand."  said Ryoko, flat with pain.

      Washu nodded in response to her daughter's wishes.  "Ryoko..."
More tears fell from Washu's eyes in defiance.  She grabbed tighter
around Ryoko, looking up into her eyes.  "Will you do something for me.
I'm in such pain for not trying hard enough."

      "Anything."  responded Ryoko, petting the top of Washu's red
curls."

      "Please, try to make up with your Washu."

      Ryoko took and hugged her mother for a long time.  Whispering
very gently into Washu's ear, Ryoko spoke, "I will, mom..."

      They broke their embrace and walked over to the Dimensional
Tuner.  The central node lay on the ground, slashed to pieces from the
battle.  Most of the other gear was intact.

      "I can't send you home right away, Ryoko.  The tuner is damaged
beyond repair.  I could build a new one, but I don't know how long-"
Washu looked down at her broken equipment, shaking her head.

      "Let me try," asked Ryoko.

      She settled and cleared her mind for the task at hand.  Then,
Ryoko focused all of her thought like a fine crafted lens into the
tasks of restoring the tuner.

      <Mom, I need your help...please tell me what the Dimensional
Tuner was like before?  Transmit those images to me and I will try
again to changes this reality.>

      <Like this, little Ryoko...>  Diagrams and schematics flashed
thought Ryoko's mind.  She took knowledge images and knowledge and
projected the thoughts out into reality.

      Come on! thought Ryoko.  Her thoughts sunk deeper into the design
of the tuner.  She put Washu's and her own will into the task as it
sapped their strength in the process.  A low glow quickly engulfed the
corner of the lab.  It brightened for a second, flashed, and
disappeared.

      At the feet of Washu and Ryoko was the now intact tuner.  At
seeing their task completed, they both tumbled to the ground, mentality
exhausted from their procedure.  It took a few minutes for Washu to
help Ryoko back onto her feet.

      Washu proceeded to check the rest of the Digital Tuner equipment.
"Well, that worked rather well." answered Washu.  "It looks ok to me.
Are you ready?"

      "Yea, I'm ready as I'll ever be." stamped Ryoko.

      "Now, stand over here."  ordered Washu, as she cleared up her
face.

      "What's going to happen to this existence once I leave, Mom?"

      Washu paused to think of the consequences.  She was sure that
this universe would not be able to flow once her daughter left, but for
once she wasn't so sure.  "I don't know.  But you know I'd give up
everything for my daughter to live again."

      Ryoko just smiled.  <I'm actually going home!>

      <Yes, you are.>  Washu activated the tuner.  Familiar green and
blue lights lit the corner of the room.  <Now Ryoko, think of your
home.  Think of the friends you have.  Your reality.  Think of your
love.>

      Thoughts danced in Ryoko's mind.  Of the rolling hills of Earth.
Of the Masaki shrine, her home.  Of Yosho, Mihoshi, Sasami, and even
Ayeka.  Of her companion forever, Ryo-ohki.  Of her Mom, Washu.  And at
last, of her Tenchi Masaki.

      Behind Washu, two more figures came into appearance from a cloud
of energy.  "Do you think she succeeded?" asked Tsunami.

      "She will have to wait until she is home." answered Tokimi.  "But
I believe she did.  As long as I get it back."

      The machine, once again called to duty, fulfilled the thoughts
and dreams from its scan.  And with great energy and pride, it sent its
passenger home.



      Ryoko was again on her back, looking up, except this time it was
the ceiling of Washu's lab.  The licking of her cabbit had awakened her
from her sleeping position.

      "Miya!"

      "Ryo-ohki, there you are..." Ryoko answered as she hugged her
surprised long-time companion.  The room was still spinning quite a bit
from her trip.

      Washu was now looking down at her daughter.  "So, what happened
to you!"  were her mother's first words, but she had her mind
elsewhere.  Washu had an small extinguisher in one hand and was
spraying a small electrical file behind Ryoko's view, trying to rescue
some of her lab equipment.

      Ryoko didn't really know what to think, but she got up quickly
off the floor.  But she could not maintain her balance, the shock of an
intact lab and of noticing she had only one gem shook at her soul.  She
fell to the floor in a jumbled heap just as quickly.

      "Ryoko!"  Washu threw the now empty extinguisher aside and ran to
her daughter's side.

      "Mom..." Ryoko whispered, her eyes lids barely open as she lay on
the floor

      Concerned at Ryoko's tone and words, Washu keeled down and
carefully examine Ryoko closer.  Though Ryoko had a slight shock and a
second nasty spill, Washu thought her daughter would recover quickly.

      But her mind link with Ryoko told her otherwise.  Ryoko was a
full boatload of emotions.  Washu attempted to dive deeper into the
mind of her daughter, and her head was instantly filled with lush
memories unknown to her.

      "Washu," Ryoko asked dizzily, "how long have I been knocked out?"

      "Oh, about ten minutes."  Washu lifted her daughter from the
floor.  "Well done, you have quite a bump on your head, huh."

      "Where's Tenchi?"

      "At the carrot fields, where else would he be," commented Washu.
Something was up but she couldn't pinpoint it.  "You really are out of
it, aren't you.  Well, up to bed with you, I'll put you in the Tenchi's
room for now..."

      And Ryoko just smiled.  She made it, through all the emotion and
pain.  Relieved as last, Ryoko let herself back into unconsciousness.



      Yummmm, thought Ryoko, Sasami's craft had never tasted so good.
Even though Ryoko didn't need the food, Washu must have thought a plate
of home cooking would help her.  And as usual, she was right.

      *Knock* *Knock*

      "Come in!"

      Washu came in to a bedside Ryoko.  "How are you, my little one?"

      "Umm..." as Ryoko finished off some tempura, "I'm much better,
now..." she said between gulps of food, finishing up her dinner.  "What
do you want?" asked a suspicious Ryoko.

      "Oh, I just wanted to see how you were doing..."

      "No tests!" shot back Ryoko.

      "Umm...", was the male voice from behind the door frame, waving
around the side of the door.  "Sorry...I wanted to see how you were
doing..."

      "Tenchi!" exclaimed Ryoko as Tenchi walked in and he walked up to
Ryoko's bed next to Washu.

      "I got to check on an experiment, I'll be back..." announced
Washu as she left her daughter as quickly as Tenchi had walked in.

      Tenchi sat down, holding onto Ryoko's outstretched arm.  "I was
worried about you, Ryoko.  I heard the story from Washu on how you got
hurt."  Tenchi plodded though his statements and he sat down on the bed
next to Ryoko.  "Are you ok?"

      Ryoko nodded at Tenchi's words.  "I missed you, Tenchi...I..."
She didn't know if she could tell her whole story to Tenchi.  Instead,
Ryoko could only look up and smile.

      Tenchi leaned over to look into the sagging eyes of Ryoko.  It
was the first time he had ever seen her so vulnerable.

      Ryoko was very tired from a lack of energy.  The binging of food
had finally tipped her over the edge.  As for Tenchi, he helped tuck
the space pirate into her sheets a bit tighter.

      "Tenchi..." were the only whispers from Ryoko.

      "Now you get some rest now.  I'll see you in the morning."
Before Tenchi could shut off the lights and close the door, Ryoko was
fast asleep.



Ryoko was laying in one of favorite spots on the roof of the
Masaki house.  The sun beat down on her skin, marvelously warming her
body to a touch.  The weather was still a bit brisk, but the sun did
help.  A lot.

      She was again dreaming of the last year's events, at least the
last year that nobody knew about.  Slowly but surely, everything had
come back to normal.  She was home, back with the shy Tenchi she once
knew.

      Ryoko could hear the tiny footsteps from behind her.  Her mother
Washu had come out of the attic window.  She had on a large stylish pair
of sunglasses which reflected the long red tails of her hair.

      "So, this is where my little Ryoko has been hiding all this time.
I've been wondering about you," asked her mother.

      Ryoko didn't say a word, she continued to look up into the
cloudless sky.

      "I know something is up."  Washu had removed the sunglasses from
her face to look at Ryoko more closely.  "Tenchi says you haven't
wrestled him out of bed in days.  And you haven't got into a tussle with
Ayeka for over a week."

      Avoiding the words of her mother, Ryoko turned her head away.  The
memories had been so painful.  The loss of Ayeka.  Sasami.  Tenchi.  The
fighting with her alternate mother.  The discovery of it all.  She was
definitely tearing her eyes now.  Not caring, Ryoko started to sob
quietly in front of her mother.

      "There...there..." as Washu brought her daughter closer to her to
hold her hand and comfort her.  "You can tell me, my little Ryoko.  What
has happened to you?"

      "Washu..." Ryoko whispered.  She started into her story.
"Remember a week ago in your lab..."  And Ryoko started her tale for the
next hour.

      Washu listened to the story carefully yet quietly, not
interrupting her daughter.  Her face changed emotions constantly, from
happiness to fear, from joy to sadness.  To Washu, the details of her
daughter's story were truly fascinating.

But the emotions that rained from her daughter were full of pain
and love, with such hope and despair.  It was a torturous story.  And
when Ryoko ended her tale, Washu took it in deeply, paused for quite a
while, chuckled and then laughed.

      "Washu!!!"  Ryoko was really mad that Washu had misunderstood her
story as well as her inner feelings.

      "You have quite an imagination, my little Ryoko," Washu commented.

      "MOM!!!"

      "Come on, Ryoko.  It's a wonderful chronicle.  I'm sure that you
reflected on it for quite a while.  But it just can't be true.  I
checked and rechecked all my equipment.  There was no dimensional shift
during the accident."

      Ryoko could only whimper to her mother's words.

      Washu stopped to put her fingers on her chin, pondering.  "I mean,
I made sure you were special, but to dream like that.  Not in my wildest
fantasizes did I think you would sprout such a touching story..."

      "But..."  Ryoko swallowed her mother's words in pain.

      "Well, do you have any proof it happened?" asked the scientific
Washu.

      "No..."  said Ryoko, wiping away her emotional outburst.

      Petting the hair of her daughter's mane, Washu looked into her
daughter's eyes for answers.  She has truly grown up right before my
eyes.  And she didn't even know it, until now.

      "Shhhh..." was the soft voice of Washu, soothing her little one as
she padded her hair.  "I'm sorry, Ryoko."  Acceptance had been so hard
for Washu.  She was going to have to put some of her projects aside for
the next few days.  There was something much more important to take care
of.  Like her daughter.

"How about a bath. OK?" asked Washu, cupping Ryoko face via her
chin.

      Ryoko could only nod her head in agreement.

      "I'll be back in a little while now...I have to stop a few
projects.  Don't want the accidentally blow up the Earth or something
like that."

      Ryoko snickered at her mother's comments and smiled.

      "I'll see you soon." as Washu kissed her daughter on her forehead.
She then nimbly disappeared from sight.

      Ryoko laid out alone for a few more minutes, complementing her
mother's earlier words.  Was it a dream?  A nightmare?  A personal
agonizing delusion?  The truth hurt.

But Ryoko now knew of her mistakes.  She knew of her character,
her soul.  The time had pushed her mind to the other limits of her
emotions.  The memories of what she had been had scarred her, so much
that she took a hard look at what she was.

And it frightened her.  Being in love with Tenchi brought out the
true strength of her feelings.  Those emotions were so strong, they took
her demon body and powered it to new levels she could no longer control.
And in a state of reminiscing, she reached into her robe and pulled it
out.

The Jurdain locket had loss some of its luster over the past few
weeks.  Melted burn marks from when she rescued Tenchi from Kagato.  A
few stains of blood as he had held onto the locket, passing it to her
when her alternate Tenchi had died.  The locket was with her now, in
this place, in reality.

For once, she knew her mother, the greatest scientific genius was
wrong.  Oh, would she like to show Washu up for once!

But it no longer mattered.  Ryoko gripped the locket strongly in
her hand, knowing of the path that it had lead her on.

      She would never let her demons take over her emotions again.  The
consequences were too severe.  Her life without Tenchi.  Ryo-ohki.
Sasami.  Ayeka.  Her mother Washu.  The rest of the family, even
Mihoshi.  It was unimaginable to her.  For Ryoko knew she was going to
change.

      Taking a deep breath and closing her eyes, she slipped the locket
from her grasps, letting it rest onto the roof.  The locket had been an
offering; from one part of herself to another.  Now the time came to
return it as freely as it had been given.

      Laying the locket onto the roof, Ryoko slowly flew off into the
now setting sun.  It laid there sparkling in the dimming light.  Ryoko
looked back to see the locket stare back at her...and without
understanding how she knew, she also realized it would not be there in
the morning.

      It was the connection between her reality and her dreams, a
connection Ryoko no longer needed.  Never again would her unconscious
dictate her life.  Never.  All Ryoko wanted was for that door to be
closed.

      And she flew like she had never done before, on a path that had
never been on in her two thousands years of life.  It was a thrilling
time to say at least.  So full of unexpected pleasures.  The future was
going to be a interesting time indeed.

      Spotting Tenchi from the far corner of her eye, Ryoko could see
he was wrapping up his daily work at the carrot patch.  And instead of
sneaking up to him, she landed softly on the road toward the Masaki
household.  Ryoko decided to stop by to see if Tenchi would walk her
home.


            ~Fin~


---------


Weah - all done.  I hope you enjoyed my little story...

Please leave me comments at
dbrown10028@hotmail.com.  Thanx again.

- Incantrix

