      ============================================
      Chap 2 - Death of a Pirate
      ============================================



      Unbelievable!  She tried all her offensive weapons but they
didn't have any affect on the physical world.  She tried raising a
demon spirit but no unearthly soul would obey her commands.  All her
natural senses were quite dulled, and her conflicting memory was fogged
over as well. For Ryoko was now ethereal, there would be no way that
she could ever contact her Tenchi.

      Tenchi continued to sweep away like nothing had happened.
"Tenchi...can't you hear me?" Ryoko spelled out.

      Tenchi had now finished most of the patio and started sweeping
the steps going down the hill.

      "Please...release me..." prayed Ryoko, "come to the cave and let
me go free."

      Exhausted from her fruitless efforts, Ryoko sat down on the top
step watching her Tenchi as he continued his descent down the hill.

      Gee, thought Ryoko, it seems like the same kind of fall day that
I was in just yesterday.  I have no idea-

      "Tenchi...where are you..."

      That voice!

      "Ayeka...what is it?"  Tenchi answered back.

      "Aaach!!" yelled Ryoko.  That damned girl and no one to defend
Tenchi from her grip.  Meanwhile, I can't do a thing about it because
my physical existence isn't here.  It just couldn't get any worse right
now.  And at that thought, Ryoko sulked her shadowy self to sit by the
stairs and mope.

      "It's time to come back to the house now, Sasami has made
breakfast for us..." Ayeka stood there with her head held high and her
arms crossed.  She seemed a little upset and impatient at Tenchi.  It's
probably a princess thing, thought Ryoko.

      "Ok, I'll be there in a sec, you know how grandfather is."

      How did she get here?  Ayeka wouldn't be able to track me down if
my body was still in that cave.  I guess I'll get the rest of the story
as I follow them around, hehehe...

      But as she flew down the steps following her obsession, an
unearthly wind gushed her form up the mountainside back toward the
shrine.  She tried again, but to no avail.   With no alternative, Ryoko
sat down and sulked wile she watched Tenchi and Ayeka disappeared from
her sight.

      Ryoko remembered that without her physical body, she could not
travel outside the area of the shrine.  Damn, this memory is so hard to
keep without my physical body! The cave restored her life energy when
she moved and lived in the ethereal plane.  She would have to return
her ghostly spirit to her body to rest.

      "Tenchi..."


      It was a late overcast day, the wind kept the air a rather chilly
breath.  The invisible Ryoko, from her roof position on top of the
shrine, looked down at Tenchi, with his brown coat and scarf on.  He
was busy tending to the fire.  She was bored and decided to watch the
rest of Masaki household (at least the younger generation) make
themselves at home around the fire pit by the shrine.

      "Don't you think we need a bit more flame?" asked Mihoshi,
kneeling rather close to the fire.  "I want mine really roasted," she
pleaded.

      "Wow! I could eat two or three sweet potatoes today," announced
Sasami.  "I don't think I've been to so hungry, Tenchi."

      "Don't worry Sasami, there are plenty of vegetables for roasting
here." said Ayeka as she leaned over the mat that was today's temporary
kitchen.  "Let's see, we have sweet potatoes, turnips, peppers."  Ayeka
paused in the middle of her inventory check.  "Sasami, didn't you say
we had plenty of carrots?"

      Sasami looked perplexed at Ayeka's question.  "I don't know, but
I think we made need them later for some carrot soup or something.  I
just didn't want to use them up all today.  Is that ok?"

      Ryoko slapped herself on the head.

         Mihoshi giggled.  "That's ok, I'll eat them as snacks!"

      Tenchi was still poking at the potatoes over the fire.  "I think
they need at least a few more minutes, Sasami."  While fire tending,
Tenchi peeked a quick look that Ayeka was intensely looking at him.
"Ayeka, is something up?"

      "Oh, no, Tenchi."  She turned away from the rest of the group.
"It's just..." and she broke down in a short sob.  "Please excuse
me..." and Ayeka stood up and ran to the far corner of the court.

      Tenchi looked up and watched her run away.  "It's been tough on
all of us Tenchi," Sasami commented, "with myself, Mihoshi, and Ayeka
stranded here for the last three months.  We've had no way to contact
Jurai or the Galaxy Police."

      Mihoshi bumped in, "Ayeka mentioned about going to Kyoto tomorrow
for a week to look up some old record in attempt to trace her brother's
history.  Didn't she tell you?"

      "No...she didn't," answered Tenchi, still looking at Ayeka on the
far side of the shrine.  "Excuse me," and he ran off to Ayeka.

      Ayeka had managed to clear up most of her face, thought it still
was a bit red when Tenchi came into view.  She noticed Tenchi
approaching her from behind, but did not turn around.

      "Are you all right, Ayeka?"

      Sniffling, she answered.  "Were not going to be rescued from this
backwater planet, are we?"

      "Ayeka, you know that's not true.  Besides, you have your sister,
me, and..."  Tenchi had stopped in his tracks when he came to Mihoshi's
name.  After all, it was Mihoshi's fault that Ayeka and Sasami were
stranded here.

      "Mihoshi..." answered Ayeka, rather slowly.

      "You know, it's not so bad with you here, Ayeka.  We have to
stick together and be strong about it."  Tenchi leaned his hand onto
Ayeka's shoulder and turned her around.

      Ayeka, quite stocked from Tenchi's actions, looked somberly into
Tenchi's eyes.  You know he's not royalty, thought Ayeka.  But being
stranded here left her with little companionship.  She looked into
Tenchi and saw someone who cared for her.  Touched her heart.  Stranded
here made her decision so much easier.

      Rules be damned.

      "Tenchi, would you like to escort me back to the fire?" asked
Ayeka has she held out her arm.

      "Why, yes, I would Ayeka." answered Tenchi as they walked back
together to their family and friends.

      And Ryoko could only watch as her demon eyes burned hotter than
any fire on Earth.



      At times, Ryoko was able to think and feel like a normal person,
but time seemed to be flow quickly in spurts.  It was like watching a
recorded movie that would always be in fast-forward most of the time
but slowed down for a few moments so Ryoko could understand those
moments of action.  Days passed very quickly at the Masaki residence.

      Before long, it was spring again.  The soft pink flowers from the
cherry blossom trees lighted the hill with beauty.  The sun was in its
usual late in the sky position and was just starting to set.

      Tenchi was again sweeping away at the shrine.  Ryoko, unable to
leave, would watch Tenchi perform his chores.  It was a usual ritual
that Ryoko would follow him every day.  If it wasn't for watching
Tenchi, she would be back in her cave.

      "Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered on the breath of her lips.

      In the last year, Ryoko had been about to piece together the
history of her alternate Tenchi.  It seems Mihoshi had been passing
through the local solar system over a year ago and crash-landed here on
Earth; right in front of the Masaki house in fact.  Ayeka, answering to
Mihoshi's hail of need, came down to rescue her.

      When Ayeka came with Sasami, she tried raising Mihoshi's ship
with grappler hooks out the of Masaki lake.   Quite naturally, an
accident ensued, supposedly caused by the pure luck of Mihoshi and
something about realigning her cube at the time.

      However, six months ago another Galaxy Police (GP) patrol vessel
did stop by because of Mihoshi's beacon from her trustworthy cube.  But
Ayeka did not want to leave right away, the GP had no jurisdiction to
evict her and take her home.  The GP also gave their fellow officer
Mihoshi one of their shuttles.  Ryoko overheard the other GP officers
snicker and comment they needed a new shuttle, so why not give the old
one to Mihoshi to be sacrificed?  They laughed and giggled as they
wrote off the shuttle as 'lost in combat.'  They were sure that Mihoshi
would cause its destruction.

      When Mihoshi reported in by video transmission, she was surprised
to find her next assigned the duties were to watch over the Jurdain
'royals' until they left the Sol system and take them home to Jurdain
space.

      However, when Sasami had pressed Ayeka into leaving and returning
home to Jurai via Mihoshi, Ayeka refused.  First, she had found Funaho,
Yosho's spaceship tree growing in the woods besides the shrine.  Ayeka
was now convinced that her brother was still living on Earth.  She had
managed to spend most of her free time looking for Yosho.  She called
in every favor in the last six months to remain on Earth and continue
her search, but Ryoko was sure that the something else that had made
her stay was Tenchi.

      Still, she was still not sure if Ayeka had discovered that
Tenchi's grandfather was Yosho.  Ryoko's mind was usually clouded, but
today it was clear to her thoughts as she watched Tenchi sweep the
shrine steps.

      Lately, Ryoko had grown to talking to Tenchi, even though she
knew he could never hear her words.  Even talking to Tenchi had helped
her spirits improve, then nothing else would matter.

      "Tenchi..." Ryoko softly spoke, "I see you every day, in my
reality.  I know you can't hear me, nor see me.  I miss you more than
you could possibly realize."

      Ryoko turned around and now faced away from Tenchi.  "In this
personal nightmare I'm in, whether I've created it or not.  I don't
eat, never sleep, and can only see you a fraction of my time.  I cannot
die since my body is not alive, but trapped forever in isolation.  Most
of my continuation is devoid of any sensations.  For this existence is
worse than death."

      "I cannot hold you, touch your soul and feel you.  For you,
Tenchi, I don't even exist.  I have the memories of our life together
that I cannot share.  I have life that is so untapped.  It is only
these alternate memories that have enabled me to continue my existence,
it is the only shred of sanity I have."

      Tenchi had finished sweeping and was now watching the stars come
out into the night.  His head was now looking up at the heavens.

      Ryoko stood behind Tenchi, with her head up as well.  Her heart
was at last totally distraught and full of raw emotion.  "Tenchi, I
would do anything to be with you.  If it is possible, I have fallen for
you once again.  Except this is the pain that I have now, never to be
with you, Tenchi..."

      "Tenchi..." was the yell in the distance.

      "What is it, Ayeka?"

      "Tenchi, oh, there you are."  Ayeka was approaching up the steps.
She visibly blushed at the sight of Tenchi and composed herself.

      "How is your search coming for Yosho?" asked Tenchi, coyly.  He
had stopped sweeping quite a while ago but was still held onto the
broom handle firmly like a security blanket.

      "Honestly, I haven't found any clues for months.  From the legend
you told me assures he is dead, but his tree Funaho grows right in your
backyard," Ayeka sighed. "I don't know if I'll ever find my brother."
Ayeka leaned her head down, facing Tenchi yet very much looking at his
shoes.  "Sasami keeps reminding me every day that we have to return
back to Jurai soon.  I've called in all of my favors, but father is
very insistent and I will have to leave soon."

      "Miss Ayeka..." Tenchi made gesture toward Ayeka and she inched
closer.  "You are more than welcome to come back and visit."

      "Tenchi..." delicately swallowed as Ayeka continued.  "These past
few months have been very therapeutic to my mind.  I haven't been
happier in years.  We've become much more than friends..."  Ayeka now
paused much more than a second to reflect her thoughts as she reached
out and held onto Tenchi's hands.

      "Ayeka, life was very quiet here without you and your sister.
The memories over that last year have been nothing short of wonderful.
But your closeness has been especially welcome, the stories about Jurai
and its beauty..."  Lost in thought, Tenchi was now squarely looking
warmly into Ayeka's eyes.

      Standing at the two of them at only inches away, Ryoko was
foaming at the mouth, but her mind checked her emotion as she realized
that there was nothing she could.

      "Oh Tenchi," as Ayeka blushed their moment. After a quick lapse,
she continued.  "Oh, I have something for you."  She fumbled around a
bit looking in her pockets.

      "Miss Ayeka, you shouldn't have."  Whatever it was, Tenchi was
definitely looking forward to it.

      Ayeka reached into her robe and pulled out a small box.  "For
you, Tenchi, for before I leave."  She reached out and held Tenchi
around his arms.  "I had it especially made while you were away
fishing."

      Tenchi proceeded to examine the box.  Wrapped in fine brown silk
weave, moonlight reflected off of it like a polished mirror.  Tenchi's
hand movement over the object caused it to quickly open and reveal its
contents.  Inside was a white golden locket in the irregular shape of a
royal Jurdain leaf from a royal tree.

      "Ayeka..."  He was shocked at the ancient beauty value of her
gift.

      "Open it."  Ayeka proceeded to maneuver the locket in Tenchi's
hand until it split open like a book.  The inside was even more
beautifully gilded with portrait pictures of Tenchi and Ayeka.

      "It's beautiful..."  Tenchi slowly closed the locket, and pulled
on the chain, separating the back clasp while dangling the cord in his
hand.  In response, Ayeka pulled the ends of the cord with her hands
around Tenchi's neck, closing the loop.

      "Ayeka..." Tenchi was now very close to Ayeka, and neither of
them were blushing anymore.  "I don't want you to leave."  Tenchi
pulled her arms closer, brushed Ayeka's hair aside from her face and
kissed her.



      It had been more than a few weeks since she had seen Tenchi and
Ayeka on that star-filled night.  At first, the first few rounds of
tears and sulking had not helped mend her broken heart.  Waves and
waves of emotions continued to surface.  Each time they did, it took
her mind longer to recover her sanity, and the emotional scars became
that so much harder to heal.

      Gradually, Ryoko boiled at her existence as her mind sped up
time.  She no longer cared to explore the outside life.  The cave, in
her eyes, was safer than reality.  She couldn't move nor take her daily
visits to her Tenchi anymore.  Nothing was absolutely worse than losing
Tenchi to that woman!  She had no power that affect the rest of the
world.

      Only death could save her from her loss, except that wasn't an
option.  At least seeing Tenchi everyday had lessened the decay of her
longing, now her options seemed very limited.

      It was after one of her emotional bouts that Ryoko heard noises
as the cave shuddered.  She instantly recognized the sound from the
last time she was released; someone had broken the rock seal of the
cave.

      Tenchi! thought Ryoko, he's finally come to release me!  At once,
she threw herself out of her emotional sinkhole and proceeded to fly up
the channel to the entrance of her cave.

      It was sudden joy for Ryoko.  "Tenchi!!...your beauty is
here!!...come release me..." announced the hysterical one.

      She turned around the corner to find her savior.  Indeed, a
mysterious shadow that occupied her plane came into the light.  And the
view of her redeemer could only snatch the warmth from her heart faster
than plunging it into ice.

      She saw him, that slender figure coming out of the shadows.
Ryoko gulped as the many possibilities flashed in her mind.
Unfortunately, the past could only frighten her more.  And in response,
her demon eyes burst into flames as she faced her oppressor once again.

      "Kagato!!"

      Her voice penetrated every inch and crack of her prison.  "How
dare you come down here..."  Ryoko began to try to power-up her energy
and prepare her body for battle.  It was only then she realized the
delicate predicament she was in.

      Kagato viewed his captive pray with familiar distaste.  "Ryoko,
how unfortunate it is to find you down in such a nasty place.  And
without your physical dimensional layer, that's quite a disadvantage
you have..."

      "You have no idea," stomped back Ryoko.

      "It's such a shame that we meet under such adverse
circumstances...isn't it?  A battle with you might be delightful."  as
Kagato let out a hollow laugh.

      Instead of asking Kagato's questions, she threw him another one.
"What do you want, Kagato!"

      "Where is the master key, Tenchi!?  You were calling for it,
weren't you? Or do I go down there and destroy that beautiful mummified
body of yours; then you'll be doomed to walk the eternal plane
forever."  Kagato drew his body into the physical plane and cocked his
hand as if he was getting ready to fire down the cavern to Ryoko's
body.

      Flashing her hands like a humming bird, Ryoko broke Kagato's
actions long enough to get his attention.  "Wait, I know it's here..."
She pointed sheepishly to a small wooden house model on the far side of
the cave.

      "So here we are, you had better not be lying or it will be
certain death for you, Ryoko..."  He walked over to the model and blew
the wood structure from its base, revealing the hidden treasure he
desired.  "There you are, my key to Jurai's power!"

      Now was her chance!  Ryoko knew if she channeled her energy
through her physical form, it might be enough to 'charge' the key that
held her captive.  She put her plan into action and executed it with
shear cunning.

      "Be sure to pull very hard Kagato, you need remove it from its
rusted sleeve." Ryoko pointed out, massing her own energy at the same
time.

      "Oh, I will."  Kagato made a quick and firm grip of the sword.
Energy sparked around the ancient handle.  Undaunted for the immense
power, Kagato gritted his teeth and reached harder to pull the sword
hilt out of solid rock with all his might.

      "Aaarrrgh...!!" screamed Kagato as he removed what was left of
his hand.  The smell of burnt flesh and vapors surrounded the scene as
the sword hilt echoed and fell from its holder onto the hard rock
floor.

      "Ryoko..." as Kagato grimaced in pain, examining his left stump.
"What have you done, my former obedient?"

      She smiled at his pain.  "You fool, don't you know only the Jurai
royal family can wield the master key?"  Ryoko's image glowed with
power.  It had indeed been a very successful trick.  "And, for your
effort and troubles, you have mistakenly released me from my bond!"

      Kagato, too stunned from the electrical shock, just stood in
silence as light from the far in cavern shined up into the room.  It
came from deep within the Earth, illuminating and blinding his sight.
At a moments notice, Ryoko's physical mummy appeared quickly like water
from an untapped dam. It hastily plunged into Ryoko's ethereal form,
merging and swirling into a hot yellow ball of energy.

      "It will mean the quick and certain death to you, Kagato!" spoke
his new opponent.  It had instantly manifested within sight of Kagato,
striking him down.  He screamed in pain as his physical form ignited
and burned like kindling lit with a match.  His material form swiftly
struck the ground with a thud, dissolving and disappearing.

      Kagato was no longer in sight, Ryoko knew it wasn't that easy, he
was still very much alive.  His voice rained down as the cavern shook
from the forces of unleashed energy.

      "Ryoko! I will be back...only, much sooner than you think..." and
at that, his presence disappeared.

      The cavern shuddered as multiple boulders started to fall and
block the way.  In immediate response, Ryoko shot herself out of the
cave with such raw energy that it lit up the hillside for miles.

      There was only one thought on the space pirate's mind now that
she had been freed from her imprisonment.  "Tenchi..." she whispered to
herself, "I'm coming home."



      It must have been very late.  The moon had already set earlier
that night and clouds seemed the hide the stars.  Still, the fresh air
from outside the window kept him awake.

      Tenchi turned his body to the other side of the bed.  Tonight, of
all nights, he just couldn't sleep.  Yea, sure, he was happy; he had
met Ayeka and their relationship was entering very serious time.  And
having Sasami around had been wonderful, her innocence and laughter
would break up the wonderful silent moments he and Ayeka had.  And
Mihoshi, even though they weren't stranded once her fellow GP rescued
them sometime later; she had been also been reassigned to watch the Sol
area of space as well as watch over Ayeka and Sasami.  It was welcome
'protection.'  Mihoshi was also waiting for her longtime partner Kiyone
to join her in her reassignments, but somehow the paperwork had been
'misfiled.'

      Yet, not all was right in the world right now.  He continued his
deep thoughts as his finger twirled the Jurai locket now around his
neck.   Tenchi remembered grandfather has been very distracted and shy
with the other girls in the house now.  He spent most of his time
leaving early just after sunrise for the shrine.  Ayeka would continue
to hound him about questions from past history of legends and myths,
but so far grandfather had continued to dodge her questions.

      Still, tonight was especially quiet until he swore he heard
noises from the far side of the wall.  Tenchi wondered if Sasami was
having another bad dream and walking around the house.  Or if Mihoshi
had snuck downstairs for some 'snacks.'

      Instead, from the far end of his bedroom, a tall womanly shadowy
figure emerged.  He conjectured the noises were from his late visiting
caller.

      Ayeka! She must be trying to visit me late tonight, Tenchi
reflected.  Cute, she's trying to sneak up on me.  Yes, he shared
experiences with Ayeka, but he never felt like they were fully
connecting.  He longed to know what her inner feelings were for him.

      Tenchi contemplated how they recently confessed to each other,
but her coy nature prevented her from showing many of her overtly
emotions.  He guessed Ayeka was trying something out of character for
her.  Deciding to play along and pretend to be sleeping, he guessed
that times were looking up after all.



      It was so easy to sneak into the house she hadn't been in quite
some time, remembered Ryoko.  Now, down the wall, thought the
screen...ah, there he is.  Tenchi!  There was the love of her life.
Sleeping like an angel.  It was time to make him hers.  The eternity
they had been separated had been too long – so, so, much longer than
the 700 years she had been trapped earlier.

      Ryoko looked at him over as she crept quietly closer to him.
Tenchi!  She knew this was wrong, but she had to see him, hold him.
Her nightmare was over, it was time to take a turn for the better.  Now
leaning heavily over the sleeping Tenchi, she was very close to his
heart.  She whispered, oh so softly, "Tenchi..."

      "Yes, my dear..."  Playing his part and still keeping his eyes
closed, his arms surrounded the warm body of his late night caller.

      "Tenchi...you don't know how much I've missed you..." tenderly
spoke Ryoko.  She had to not just hold him, but touch him.  The year
had been so long, that she just needed to feel his flesh once again.

      Tenchi felt his lover's hair and the rather soft spikes on top of
her head.  Ouch! Tenchi guessed Ayeka was having a very bad hair night.
But she is here, after all.  Without questioning nor giving too many
hints away and still keeping his eyes closed, Tenchi nestled closer to
his 'Ayeka.'

      Ryoko in response pressed her body into Tenchi, arousing his
spirits a bit more.  Looking down at this lines, his shadow, it was
pure fantasy.  How many times had she seen him sleeping like an angel.
And for all those times, not a move by her.  Except today.

      She could at last feel his breath on the nape of her neck.  Now
was the closest she had ever been to her newfound love.  Her heart beat
a touch faster.  The air seemed a lot warmer.  Ryoko felt her senses
becoming acutely aware and they dictated her actions.  They gave her
the courage that she needed.  And fulfilling her longtime wish, Ryoko
leaned her head ever so closer and slowly kissed him.

      Aggressive, isn't she, thought Tenchi.  It was not soft and
gentle like his memories before, but a strong, enchanting kiss.
Captivating it was.  A kiss of passion, of heavenly memories.  And it
lasted an eternity.  It was perfect.

      Under his breath Tenchi whispered "Ayeka..."  They ever so
gradually separated from each other, as they did he leisurely opened
his eyes.  And instead of his love Ayeka, his sights saw the beauty of
a woman who he had never seen in his life.

      "aaACK!?" Tenchi's voice escalated.  He couldn't say much else,
his mouth was too ajar.

      "Ssshhhh..." whispered Ryoko.

      "What!" said Tenchi, but it was stuck in his throat.

      "Tenchi..." toned a coy Ryoko.

      "WHO ARE YOU!!"

      "HEY! Keep it down."

      Tenchi shot himself out of bed and was now sitting up.  "Would
you get off of me, please!?"  He was visibility disturbed from the last
couple minutes of action.

      "Well, Tenchi that depends on you." smirked Ryoko.  She leaned
down, put both of her hands on his shoulders and drew him closer.

      "Get off of me!" yelled Tenchi.  And he flipped Ryoko off his
body.  So shocked was Ryoko that she literally flew off the side of the
bed.  Unable to stop her momentum, she landed flat face on the cold
floor.

      "Ouch," moaned Ryoko, her voice muffled from her face muffled by
the ground.  Sudden shuffling noises could now be heard around the rest
of the Masaki house.

      Ryoko swiftly regained her balance from her fall and looked up.
"You know, you could be kinder to your former lover...Tenchi!"

      Shock roared though Tenchi's mind.  "What in the world!" he
exclaimed.

      *Knock* *Knock* *Knock*

      "Tenchi! What is going on in there!  I hear a woman's voice,"
bellowed Ayeka.  Other footsteps could be heard behind the door as
well.

      "Uhhh... hold on a sec..."  Damn.  There was no closet space to
speak of in his room.  How in the world did she get in here without me
hearing her open the door?

      "Oh, it's the devil, Tenchi!" hollered Ryoko.  She was leaning on
her knees, grabbing at his legs and hanging on to Tenchi for dear life.

      "Tenchi, I'm coming in!" howled Ayeka.  The screen door burst
open to view a very disturbed Ayeka.  With her unkempt from a night's
sleeping and her eyes fiery red, this was one person you did not want
to see early in the morning.  However, it was a little too late now.

      Behind her were Sasami, Mihoshi, and Noboyuki peeping their heads
into the room.  All their eyes were on Tenchi and the mystery girl.

      "Aaiiiee!" yelled Mihoshi as her body fell in through the
doorway. So interested in the details, Mihoshi had lost her hold on the
doorframe and proceeded to tumble right in after Ayeka.

      "Tenchi!  What are you doing with another girl in your room!
Some local girl?  I don't believe this!" Ayeka peppered.  She was
clearly not pleased with the latest set of developments.  In defiance,
she kept her nose rather high and snooty to the preposterous of the
situation.

      "Ayeka, it's not what it seems.  I don't even know this woman."
Tenchi replied sheepishly.  His words had little effect on Ayeka's
mind.

      "Really, you never had a chance Ayeka," quipped in Ryoko, still
holding onto Tenchi's leg for good measure.  "Tenchi is for me!"

      Then the reality of seeing Tenchi's obscure visitor hit Ayeka
like a ton of bricks.

      "HOW?!..YOU!!.." Incoherent words continued out of Ayeka's mouth.
The shock quickly worn off, but her anger was still at maximum.
"With!...That!...Pirate!......Ryoko!!"  Electricity leaped up from her
now pointed finger at the seated Ryoko.

      "Pirate...who?" asked Tenchi.  He was clearly puzzled by Ayeka's
accusation from the recent shock from the last few moments.

      Normally, he would take Ayeka's side, thought Tenchi.  But his
mind is saying otherwise because of that...kiss.  That kiss.  The
intoxication was so sudden, so emotional.

      Tenchi brought his hand up to his mouth in response to his
feelings.  Grandfather had once told him during one of his many
practices that he will grow into a man one day.  It was the usual
story, like trudging up the hill to and from school.  Pain.  Rejection.
Very grown-up emotions.  He wondered if desire was also part of that
equation.  He looked a moment down at Ryoko in the corner of his eye.
How can I be so into her, for whoever she was, after being played for a
fool!

      No!, thought Tenchi.

      Reality hit him with a swift kick in the pants.  Tenchi was not
going to throw out the memories he had with Ayeka and the bond between
them.  Over the last year had been some of the happiness memories since
his early childhood with his mother.  No! This was not the way it would
end.  At least, not now.  In response, he took a step out of Ryoko's
grasp toward Ayeka and the door.

      "That demon, Tenchi," said Ayeka, responding to his question
"burned my planet of Jurai to a cinder 700 years ago.  She's a
monster!" hissed Ayeka.

      "Tenchi! Please!" pleaded Ryoko, still on her knees.

      "Azaka! Kamidake!"

      The two guardian logs fizzled into existence in front of their
commandant.  "Take that *woman* and capture her!"  yelled Ayeka, still
very much pointing in Ryoko's direction.

      "Yes! Ma'am!" as they answered and rushed off toward their
target.

      "So you want a fight huh, princess!"  Ryoko got to her feet,
quicker than Tenchi and Ayeka could realize.  "Prepare to remember me
again!"  Narrowing her eyes, she powered up yellow energy balls and
flung them into the approaching Jurdain guardians.  They both fell
backwards into the corners of the room.

      "Hey you two!  Cut it out!" yelled Tenchi.  It wasn't helping and
poor Tenchi was severely outclass by the weapon these girls had at
their disposal.  He took refuge on the side of the room cringing near
his desk.

      "I will take care you myself, then."  Ayeka took a few more steps
into the room and rolled up her robe arms.  A bit a sweat was starting
to glaze of the princess' face, the royal bonds that had kept her
emotion checked were clearly missing.

      "Fine, no problem," answered the demon woman, as if she was
waiting for her nails to dry.

      Ayeka powered up her own energy.  Several rings of logs lined
Tenchi's small bedroom, streaming with energy.  In reaction, Ryoko's
jewel on her hand glow with power as Ryoko  created contrasting yellow
balls of energy that circled near the door.

      "Let's get out of here..." yelled a leaving Sasami to the rest of
the watchers as the increases of energy threaten to take out the entire
second story of the Masaki household.

      Tenchi, overlooking the prologue of the upcoming battle, did not
want to lose Ayeka nor his home.  There's got the be some way of
stopping that other girl, thought Tenchi.  Ayeka called her the devil
woman – one with jewels of energy on her wrist.  He remembered the
legend grandfather had told him so many times, on how his ancestor
Yosho had imprisoned a 'demon' in the Masaki cave by removing the
demon's power.  Yes, by removing her gems on her wrist and neck.
Staring into Ryoko, he could comparatively see a gem on one of her
wrists, glowing with energy.

      So, he had to remove the jewel from that 'demon' girl there.  But
how was he going to get close to them?  He didn't have any special
powers at all!  Only the sword fighting skills that his grandfather had
taught him.  Tenchi knew what he had to do, but for the moment it would
break his lover's heart.  He loosened the wooden handle of the broom
that was on the ground behind him and held it precariously behind his
body.

      "Stop it already!" yelled Tenchi has he leaped between the girls
in the middle of their fight; which caused the skirmishing girls to
immediately stop their battle of energy.

      "Tenchi!" commanded Ayeka.  She sniffled a bit as Tenchi held his
hand in her face, open vertically, gesturing Ayeka to stop.

      "Hey! Do you mind?  I need to blow her up?" countered Ryoko.

      "Wait a second, the two of you.  I really don't want my room to
become a war zone."  Too late, thought Tenchi.  Already there were
scorches on his ceiling, bed, and walls.  He just needed to kill more
time.  "Can't you two discuss this instead of fighting."  That
statement gave him déjà vu symptoms that went up and down his entire
spine.

      "What do you think your doing!" questioned Ayeka.  She was
clearly annoyed that her fight had been broken off by a negotiator.
"Are you taking her side?"  Ayeka for furious that Tenchi could be so
deceived by 'that' woman.

      "Yea, so what if he is."  said Ryoko.  She inched closer to
Tenchi, trying not to seduce but infuriate Ayeka.  That's it, noted
Tenchi, come a bit closer...and as Ryoko outstretched her arm and
prepared for another assault...

      *Wwwaackkk*

      Tenchi had swung the broom handle right into Ryoko's wrist.
There was no way Ryoko was expecting a blow from the object of her
desires.  With some skill and a fair amount of luck, Tenchi had hit the
jewel perfectly on the wrist, unstabilizing the precious stone until it
detonated in a small ball of fire that quickly extinguished itself.
When the smoke from the explosion cleared, there stood Ryoko, missing
her hand and part of her wrist.  Her face in horror, with an shocked
expression of pain and mortality.

      "Tenchi..."  sobbed Ryoko, very visibility upset at the loss of
her energy.  He still held onto charred broom handle, pointing it
toward Ryoko.  "How could you hurt me...drain my energy...I...thought
you loved me..."  And Ryoko sadly phased thought the floor,
disappearing from view.

      "Oh my..." mumbled Tenchi, as he dropped his temporary sword of
wood.  Ayeka quickly ran to her lover, embracing him quickly.

      "Tenchi, are you all right?" sounded Ayeka under her breath.  She
immediately started sobbing into his chest.  They held onto one another
for a long time.



      It had started to softly rain as Ryoko dashed away from the house
that had given her so many good memories, her salty tears of sadness
mixed with the cold droplets of rain that landed on her face.  She
refused to look back at her departure point as she sailed up into the
sky.

      Ryoko had restored her arm while flying over the lake in front of
the Masaki house.  Still, there was continued numbness in her appendage
from her recent fight.  But she wasn't just upset at Ayeka, it was
Tenchi that had disabled her and destroyed her only temporary jewel.
And without any power, temporary or permanent, she could not
communicate nor leave this forsaken place with Ryo-ohki.

      She flew back to her home, the shrine cave that had been her
sanctuary for the last year.  After being rejected by Tenchi, she was
in no ordinary mood once again.

      This alternate reality continues to defy my will.  Every time I
try, something else happens that counters my true feelings for Tenchi.
It's like I'm being cursed.  And all I'm doing is living out my worst
fears.

      She flew and landed at base of the stairs that led to the Masaki
shrine.  Better to walk up these steps, Ryoko thought, than use all my
will to get home.  So what if I get wet...

      The rain had now picked up to a steady stream.  Cherry blossoms
floated down the steps in small channels between the steps and the
mosses.  She looked down into the puddles and tried to imagine a future
without her mother, her friends, and Tenchi.

      So, whatever this place, you've continued my nightmare.  Times
that I have succeeded you've struck me down.  What else do I have to
do?  The return of her physical body only gave her actual pain that
matched her fragile emotional state.

      Ryoko looked up into the sky and into the storm-filled air, for
some sign of hope or a indication of peace.  Only the sounds of
dropping rain and howling winds would listen to her anguish.



