I'm not making money from this story.  It was written voluntarily and I don't 
own the characters just the story.
The Birthday
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Washu sent the messages to the chosen few, then sat back in her chair and 
looked at the ceiling.  She had deliberately chosen an interesting ceiling and 
floor, because that's where most people look after they've accomplished 
something.  

	Sasami called from the door, "Lunch, Washu!"  

	Washu hopped off her cushion and went to lunch.  

***

	"That was great, Sasami!" Tenchi said before returning to the fields.  
Mihoshi got a call from Yukinojo and left to answer it.  Ryoko and Ayeka 
wandered off to do the laundry together.  That left Washu and Sasami in the 
kitchen.

	"Yes, Washu?" Sasami asked curiously.

	"Would you like some help with the dishes?" Washu asked.  Sasami nodded 
her head wondering what she was up to.

	The two girls started the dishes.  "Here, Washu." Sasami handed her a wet 
plate.  It slipped from Washu's hands and Sasami's face contorted with dismay.  

	"What's wrong, Sasami?" Washu asked, the plate floating in midair.  
Sasami's jaw clanked against her teeth and she went back to the dishes.  Washu 
hid a chuckle.

	"Sasami, I actually wanted to speak with you alone." Washu said.  Sasami 
turned bright eyes toward her.  "What is it, Washu?"

	"We're going to have guests for dinner." Washu whispered.

***

	Ayeka had learned that if she shared chores with Ryoko, they would get 
done quicker with two of them.  Ayeka smirked.  That and Ryoko would do them 
rather than leave them undone for someone else.  "So, Ryoko, after the laundry, 
we'll clean the yard?"  Ryoko nodded.  

	"What's wrong, Ayeka?" she asked.

	"Me?  What would be wrong with me?" Ayeka tried to blow off her question.

	"You've been more cheerful the last couple of days.  Is that an act or are 
you really happy?" Ryoko asked.

	Ayeka thought for a moment.  "Truly happy.  You see, I asked Washu if 
there would ever be anyone for me and she said yes!"  Ayeka hugged herself.  "I 
can't wait to meet him!  I know he's going to be just perfect."

	"Hey, I'm happy for you princess.  Um, is this enough soap?" Ryoko held up 
two cupfuls.  Ayeka sighed.

***

	Sasami started to plan for the guests arriving.  She'd need twice as much 
food as was in the house and some special things from the market.  She couldn't 
send Ayeka because she'd want to know why.  Ryoko was out of the question.  
Mihoshi would forget half of the things...  Now, who is the most clueless person 
in the house who would remember everything I want?  Sasami giggled.  Tenchi!

***

	"Tenchi!"

	He turned around to see little Sasami running toward him.  "Yes, Sasami?"

	Sasami panted upon reaching him.  "I need you to go to town for some 
groceries!"

	"Okay, I'll go.  Wouldn't it be easier to call Dad and have him pick them 
up on the way home?" Tenchi asked.

	"When is he going to be home?" Sasami asked, hopping from one foot to the 
next.

	"He said he'd be home around three o'clock.  The project he has will wrap 
up early today." Tenchi informed the little squirming girl.

	"Okay!  I'll call him and tell him what I need."  Sasami ran off.  Tenchi 
shook his head and went back to working the field.

***

	"Washu?" Sasami called into the lab.  Washu turned around to face her from 
where she had been working on her laptop.  "Can I use your phone?"

	"Sure, why?" Washu asked.

	"Because I need to call Tenchi's father to make sure he brings home the 
groceries." She explained.

	"Why don't you go shopping yourself?" Washu asked.  "I can make a portal 
for you."

	Sasami clapped her hands.  Washu continued.  "Since they're my guests, 
here's some money and a list.  There are a few things I want them to try."  
Washu grinned evilly.

***

	Ryoko and Ayeka were sweeping the yard when Tenchi finished his practice 
with his grandfather.  "How does he do it?" Tenchi muttered.  "He doesn't even 
break a sweat and I'm so filthy..."

	But that made no difference to Ryoko.

	"Hi, Tenchi!" she called, bounded over to him, and gave him a big hug.

	"Uh, Ryoko.  I'm all dirty and uh..." Tenchi glanced at Ayeka who had 
momentarily leaned on the broom and given them a fond glance before going back 
to work.  That's not normal, Tenchi thought.  Ryoko detached from him and all 
three of them started inside.

***

	No food was on the table.  Tenchi looked at it aghast.  "Sasami!" he 
yelled as he ran into the kitchen, fearing something had happened to the little 
girl.

	"Yes, Tenchi?" Sasami turned around, ladle in hand.

	"Oh, you're okay." Tenchi ran his hand through his hair.

	"Why wouldn't I be?" Sasami asked confused.

	"Well, there's no food on the table and it's dinner time." Tenchi said 
nervously. 

	"Oh, that's because Washu requested that it be about fifteen minutes 
late." Sasami turned back to the stove.

	"Yeah, and you're keeping everyone waiting, Tenchi." Washu called into the 
kitchen.

***

	Tenchi walked into the living room.  Washu stood in front of the lab door.  
Everyone was sitting down on the couches and chairs.  "And now, I give you... 
our guests!"  Washu opened the door.

	Dr. Krugel and his daughter Chiro came out and waved.  They immediately 
went to sit on the couch and talk to Ryoko who was wondering why they came.  
Chiro told her to watch the door.  

	"And that's not all!" Washu cried.  People started popping out of the lab 
like crazy.  

	Mom, who are these people? Ryoko asked.

	Ask them yourself, Washu grinned.

	"Who are you?" Ryoko asked.  The people in the room all either looked at 
the ceiling or at Ryoko or shook their heads.

	"These are the people who remember you when you were little." Washu said 
gently.

	Ryoko's eyes grew wide.  "Why are you here?" she asked.

	Chiro replied, "Your birthday silly!"

	Ryoko's eyes grew as big as plates.  "My birthday?" she sputtered.

	"Okay, if you go through there, Sasami's got the table set up like a 
buffet.  Take a plate, get some food, and then come back here to eat." Washu 
explained.  "Then we'll explain it to her."

	You'll explain it now, Washu! Ryoko told her.

	That is no way to speak to your mother, Little Ryoko.  Now go get a plate.

	Ryoko got a plate.

***

	Later, after the food was all gone, Washu cleared her throat.  "Why not go 
around the room and try to spark Ryoko's memory?" she asked.

	A black haired man to Ryoko's left opened his mouth.  "My name is Ryt, I 
taught you gym class.  Do you remember the ropes, Ryoko?"

	Ryoko looked up at the ceiling for a moment.  "I had been taught those 
when I was little and I didn't want to do it.  So I-"

	"Flew to the top of the ceiling and called down to me.  The whole class 
wanted to learn to fly after that." Ryt grinned.  And so it went around the 
room.

***

	After everyone had been introduced, Sasami whispered to Washu.  Washu 
nodded and went into the kitchen.  When she came out, floating in front of her 
was a huge cake with three tiers.  Ryoko looked astonished and about to dive 
into it face first.

	Washu waved a finger in her face.  "I've got pictures of the food, now I 
want pictures of my Little Ryoko standing by the cake."  Ryoko made a face, but 
did as her mother wanted.

	Sasami looked on with pride as the cake was divided up and everyone said 
how good it was.  When the cake was finally devoured down to the crumbs, Ryt 
walked over to Ryoko.  She looked at him in surprise.  Pulling a small box out 
of his pocket, he offered it to her.  She accepted it and looked at it 
curiously.

	"Well, unwrap it, Ryoko." Washu prodded.  

	Ryoko pulled the ribbon off the box.  Prying up the hinged lid, she 
gasped.  Two tiny ruby earrings lay in the box winking at her.  "Thank you," she 
whispered.  Ryt smiled and went back to his seat.

	The presents went on and on until the only one who was missing was 
Washu's.  Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi hadn't know about her birthday so 
they had promised to go to town and find a present for her tomorrow.  

	You don't remember, do you?  My present always came the day after your 
birthday. Washu told her.

***

	After another hour, the guests started to profess their need to leave.  
Teaching schedules, school schedules, various appointments, etc.  Washu was 
astonished she'd gotten them here this long.

	They all started to go through Washu's lab door each one giving Ryoko a 
hug, kiss on the cheek, or a handshake.  Tenchi looked on jealously as some of 
the younger male students gave Ryoko a kiss on the cheek.  Washu noted this with 
glee.

	Dr. Krugel and Chiro were the last ones to go.  Ryoko and Chiro hugged as 
did Dr. Krugel and Washu.  Ryoko made Chiro promise to visit and the father and 
daughter walked through the lab door.

	Ryoko collapsed on the couch, surrounded by her presents.  What am I going 
to do with these? She thought.  There isn't enough room on the rafter... 

	"Would you like me to put these in a portal?" Washu asked in a low voice.  
Ryoko nodded.

***

	The next morning, Ryoko was forbidden to go along with them.  Tenchi, 
Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Sasami all were placed in town by Washu's portal.  She gave 
Tenchi an activator for it and wished them well.  She had also given all of them 
an enormous amount of money which they had tried to refuse.  Washu had put her 
hands on her hips and asked them what exactly they were going to spend on her 
daughter.  At their looks at the floor, she nodded and flounced off.

	Ryoko started the day's activities by going to her garden and starting the 
tiresome process of ... weeding.  

***

In town, Tenchi went with Mihoshi and Ayeka went with Sasami to look for a 
present.  Ayeka and Sasami turned to the little shops and Tenchi and Mihoshi 
went to the department stores.  

Mihoshi seemed more focussed on little things like chocolates, books, and music.  
Soon she had a bag of stuff to carry around and Tenchi hadn't chosen a thing 
yet.

***

Ayeka and Sasami weren't doing much better.  Ayeka didn't have one little idea 
what to get Ryoko.  Sasami caught her sleeve and pointed to something.  "Ayeka!  
Look!" she said.  Ayeka obediently looked.

A beautiful carousel with five horses in light blue swirled around in a window.  
Ayeka smiled.  "Let's go in and look at it."

The carousel was taken off the window by the owner and brought to the counter to 
be examined.  "The whole thing is handcrafted." The owner explained to the 
ladies.  "My wife made it."

	The carousel was lovely.  Ayeka looked at the man and asked how much it 
was.  He quoted a price and Ayeka figured it out in her head.  If she gave 
Sasami all her money, they would have just enough for this lovely object.  The 
sisters both put their money on the counter.  "Sir, do you think you could hold 
it for us until we are ready to go home?" Ayeka asked.  He nodded and placed the 
carousel under the counter.

***

	Tenchi was still looking for a present when Mihoshi saw a toy shop and ran 
in.  Tenchi shook his head and followed her.  She swore she'd be right here when 
he finished looking around. 

	After walking around for a bit, Tenchi noticed a greenhouse.  He wandered 
around looking at the lovely plants until he found one called a fuchsia.  It had 
small green leaves, with purple blossoms bursting out of hot pink buds.  He 
immediately bought the hanging plant and hurried back to the toy shop.  He found 
Mihoshi outside with an ice cream cone.  Then the two walked back to the place 
where the portal had deposited them.  

***

	Ayeka looked at the clock and went with Sasami to fetch the carousel.  
They hurried to find Tenchi.  When they were all there, Tenchi pressed the 
activator and it transported them into...

***

	Tenchi's bedroom?

	"Sorry about the change, but Ryoko's waiting downstairs to peek at her 
presents." Washu said, sitting on Tenchi's bed.  They nodded.  "I brought these 
to hide the presents until we got downstairs."  Washu gestured to a blank space 
on the bed.

	Tenchi cleared his throat.  "Um, Washu, there's nothing there."

	Washu grinned.  She hooked the plant out of Tenchi's hand and quickly 
draped something over it.  The fuchsia went invisible.  "Invisibility cloth.  
One of my practical jokes from a long time ago." She explained.  The group hid 
their presents and crept downstairs.

***

	Ryoko sat in the living room.  Why weren't they home yet?  It was almost 
dinner time.  Sasami crept up behind her and tapped her giggling.  Ryoko leapt 
into the air and twirled around.  "Oh, hi, Sasami."

	Ayeka held the package in her hands.  Ryoko sat back down.  Ayeka walked 
carefully forward and Ryoko wondered at the weight of the object that was set 
into her lap.  "Brush your hand against it, grab the cloth, and pull gently." 
Ayeka said.  "Be careful.  It's very breakable."

	Ryoko pulled the cloth off very gently.  "Ohh," she breathed.  "It's 
lovely..."

	She marveled over how lifelike the horses seemed.  Ayeka helped her set it 
on the coffee table.  Mihoshi placed a bag in front of her.  Ryoko had fun 
pulling every little article out of the bag.  There were chocolate creams and a 
few books that looked interesting and some music she had been humming one day.  
How had the blonde known?

	Tenchi set the plant on the sofa and took the cloth off himself.  Ryoko's 
eyes grew wide with fascination as she saw this new plant.  Her mind was already 
planning where to hang it.

	"Okay, birthday girl.  Do you want your mother's present now?" Washu 
smiled at her.  Ryoko nodded.  Washu pulled something out of midair.  "This is 
just to show you what it is." She assured Ryoko.

	Washu's red gems appeared above her palm.  Floating the necklace in one 
hand, the gems applied themselves into it.  A thin silver chain with a single 
teardrop falling from it.  One gem fit inside the teardrop, the other two 
settled themselves on the opposite sides in two curved teardrops.  Washu's gems 
glowed for a moment, then floated back to her.  Washu handed the necklace to 
Ryoko.  "I thought you might like to have someway to carry them other than 
inside your body."

	Ryoko accepted the neckace and tried her gems in them.  They wouldn't 
cooperate and go where they were supposed to.  Washu chuckled.  "Order them, 
Ryoko."  Ryoko tried that but it didn't work.  She looked at her mother again.  
"Ryoko, think of Ayeka ordering Azaka and Kamidake."

	Ryoko fixed that in her memory and the gems flew to the necklace so fast 
it rocked in her hand.  Washu laughed.  "You'll need to start to learn to use 
those soon." Washu told her.  "Maybe tomorrow morning."  Ryoko nodded.

***

	That night Ryoko settled down on her rafter with a pillow from the couch.  
Mihoshi slept on the couch below her.  Ryoko's thoughts were of her birthday.  I 
wonder how old I am? Ryoko mused.

	I make it a point never to reveal a lady's age. Washu told her.  

In case anyone cares, I'm sorry the chapter was a little short this time.  I'm 
going to make it up to you.  The next chapter will reveal...Ryoko's room!
