I do not own the characters only the story.  I'm not making any money from the 
publication of this here written work.

The Room
By Kenzie Kennedy

	The next morning, Washu stood underneath Ryoko's rafter and sighed.  Her 
daughter was such a slug-a-bed.  "Hey, Ryoko!" she called.  Ryoko groaned and 
rolled over.

	Right off the rafter and crashed into the floor.

	"Hey, what's the big idea?" Ryoko grumbled getting up.

	Washu spread her hands.  "Not my fault.  If you were up already, you would 
have been awake when I called."

	"What do you want?" Ryoko grumbled, rubbing her head. 

	"We're going to get your gems in order." Washu told her.  "We need to go 
outside."

***

	Once they were outside, Ryoko was awake enough to ask a very simple 
question.  "Who's going to do the training?" she asked.

	Washu looked at her like she was being silly.  "I am." She said.

	"Huh?  You?" Ryoko said.

	"Who do you think taught you in the first place?  Kagato?" Washu asked.  
Ryoko looked at the ground.  Washu's voice softened.  "You really think Kagato 
taught you how to use your powers?"

	Ryoko nodded.

	"Well, he didn't." Washu hid the pain in her voice with gruffness.  "All 
right.  Hit the target."  Washu pointed to a wooden circle sticking out of the 
ground.

	Ryoko fired at it with an energy ball.

	Washu sighed.  "Try to make it smaller next time."  The circle had been 
reduced to splinters.  "Like this."  Washu fired at another circle.  Her beam 
was as small as a pencil and bored a hole right through the center of the 
target.  Ryoko tried again.

***

	At lunchtime, they finally went in.  Washu patted Ryoko's back.  "Hey, 
you're doing better.  Half the target was left this time."

	"Yeah, I burned off the outer ring and left the inside." Ryoko muttered.

	"You'll learn." Washu told her.  "How about we leave it and start again 
tomorrow morning?"  Ryoko nodded gratefully.

***

	After lunch Ryoko took a walk through Washu's lab to the house.  The 
garden had already been weeded yesterday so Ryoko just enjoyed the scents of the 
different flowers.  The fuchsia Tenchi had given her hung from the branches of 
one of the cherry trees so she could sit in the swing and still enjoy it.  Ryoko 
sat in the swing and started to think.  Her feelings about Tenchi, her new 
relationship with Ayeka and Washu, her gardens....

***

	So lost in her thoughts that Washu finally had to come and get her for 
dinner.  "Little Ryoko?" she called.  Ryoko floated out of the swing and over to 
her mother.  Together they went to dinner.

	After dinner, Ryoko went back to her garden and her thoughts.

***

	Washu dressed for bed manually just for fun.  She noted that Ryoko was 
still awake and her thoughts were buzzing at an abnormal rate.  She smiled.  
Must be thinking about Tenchi, she thought as she drifted off to sleep.

***

	Blinking her eyes, Washu reached for her drink on her bedside table.  Her 
fingers met nothing.  She turned to find no glass on the table.  Grimacing she 
got out of bed and went to the kitchen.

	Washu filled a glass with apple juice and drank it.  Yawning, she started 
toward her bedroom.  A loud snore caught her attention and she glanced at the 
clock.  Four o'clock.  What was Ryoko doing in the house?

	She walked up the stairs and paused at Ryoko's bedroom.  The snoring 
wasn't coming from there...  Casting a thread of thought out to find her 
daughter, Washu sighed when the thought returned.  

	Continuing down the hall, Washu found her daughter curled up asleep under 
the cherry trees.  One of the blossoms had rested on her hair and Washu felt a 
gentle smile come over her face.  Her daughter was so lovely.

	And so stubborn!  Washu sighed.  Well, what use are goddess powers if I 
can't use them to pick up my own child?  Washu bent over and grasped her child's 
body.  Carrying her down the hall, Washu intended to place her on the couch 
downstairs.

	Ryoko started to thrash around a bit as they went by her bedroom.  Washu 
noticed it and sped up.  Once they were away from the door, Ryoko calmed down.  
Washu's brow creased.  Curious...  

	Washu continued to the couch and started to place Ryoko down.  Ryoko, 
still sleeping, latched onto her arm and murmured, "Don't leave me."

	Those words went straight to Washu's heart and she held Ryoko tighter than 
she had before.  Briskly striding out of the living room and down the hall, 
Washu's bedroom door opened.  Ryoko stayed quiet as Washu carried her into the 
room.  Washu sat her down on the bed, then guided her head down to the pillow.  
Washu summoned one of her nightshirts and Ryoko half-woke as Washu got her into 
her nightclothes.  She dropped right back to sleep.  Washu climbed into bed and 
curled up to her daughter.

***

	Ryoko stirred.  She blinked the blurriness out of her eyes and tried to 
focus.  This isn't a place I know, she thought.  And yet...

	"Mmm," Washu rolled over.  "Ryoko?"

	"What am I doing in your bed?" Ryoko said alarmed.

	"Well, I must say you're not my choice of a bedmate.  I usually prefer 'em 
blond and above all, male." Washu tried to get the yucky taste out of her mouth.  
I must remember to grab the orange juice next time.

	"That's not what I meant!" Ryoko said.

	"I know what you meant, I chose not to answer you until I had woken up far 
enough.  You fell asleep in the garden again.  You always used to fall asleep 
there, in the living room, anywhere but your own bed.  You choose the worst 
places..." Washu trailed off.  "So I picked you up and carried you in here."

	"How'd I end up in-?" Ryoko pulled her nightshirt away from her.

	"Is it against your modesty that I undressed my daughter and put her in 
something so she wouldn't wrinkle her clothes?" Washu said mockingly.  "So what 
were you thinking about all night?"

	Ryoko fell silent.

	"Okay, wrong question.  Do you want some breakfast?" Washu asked.  Again 
Ryoko was silent, but her stomach growled very loudly.  Washu addressed it.  
"Well, at least I can get some answers out of you."  Washu threw the covers out 
of her way and summoned her clothes to her.  The nightshirt fell to the floor 
while the clothes came to her.  The door opened on its own and Washu marched out 
to fix breakfast.  She called over her shoulder, "Don't lay in bed too long, 
Ryoko!"

***

	Washu took a carton of eggs, a little bacon, and the orange juice out of 
the refrigerator.  She contemplated for a moment, then grabbed the hot sauce 
too.  The skillet heated up and Washu started to crack eggs for an omelet.

	"Don't do that."

	Washu glanced up to look at Ryoko.  "You don't like eggs anymore?" she 
asked idly.

	"Don't put me somewhere and not wake me up.  I didn't know where I was." 
Ryoko said as she hopped up on a stool.  

	"If you didn't know where you were, then how did you get into my 
lingerie?" Washu asked contemplating the eggs.

	Ryoko said, "Er, um, ahem..."  Washu dashed hot sauce into the skillet.  
"You're putting that in eggs?!" 

	"Don't change the subject, Ryoko, or I'll get out the wasabi, too." Washu 
grinned.

	"I was walking down the hall and I leaned against a section of it.  It 
fell in." Ryoko explained.

  Washu grimaced.  "So the avoidance alarm doesn't work anymore."  At Ryoko's 
confused look, she sighed.  "After that little episode where I took pictures, I 
put an avoidance alarm on it so you couldn't get into my closet through that 
way.  I'll have to check the warranty on that thing.  Can't have you worrying 
Tenchi with my lingerie."

"Hey!" Ryoko squawked.  Washu speared a bit of egg with a fork and popped it in 
her mouth.  Ryoko shrieked and gestured for something to drink.  Washu poured 
her a glass of orange juice lazily and handed it to her.  Ryoko drained the cup.  
Washu laughed.  

	Ring, Ring!

	"Yes?" Washu called out.

	"Dr. Washu?" a female's voice asked.

	"Yes, Chiro.  How are you this morning?" Washu asked the young woman.

	"I'm fine.  Dad wanted me to call and ask if it was okay for him to use 
the portal to come over soon.  His classes were cancelled today for some 
reason."

	Washu thought about this for half a moment.  "Sure, he's welcome!  I'm 
going to be in the main lab today."

	"Sure, I'll tell him." Chiro said.

	"Hey, Chiro, guess who's in the house right now?" Washu asked.  "Ryoko."

	"Hi, Ryoko!  Why didn't you speak up?" Chiro carolled.  Washu winked at 
her daughter and continued to make breakfast.

	"I didn't know how Washu had her telephone system rigged up." Ryoko said.

	"Well," Chiro giggled, "now you do.  Where'd you put my present in your 
room?"  Ryoko didn't answer.  "Ryoko, are you still there?"

	"Chiro-" Ryoko began.  How did she explain to her best friend that she was 
timid about going into her old room?  It held so many memories...

	"She can't bear to tell you that she hasn't cleaned her room for five 
thousand years." Washu interceded.

	Chiro laughed.  "That's our old Ryoko!  Oops, I've got to go for my first 
class.  I'll talk to you later, Ryoko!  Bye, Dr. Hakubi!"  The click of the 
phone was audible.

	Washu slid a plate of eggs over to Ryoko and started to eat hers out of 
the skillet while frying up some bacon.  "After breakfast I want to start 
training in the lab.  You'll do less damage there with the stuff I have 
planned."

***

	Outside the lab, it was already late morning.  Everyone had already eaten 
breakfast.  Tenchi was with his grandfather learning the art of swordfighting.  
Sasami and Ryo-ohki were playing in Ryoko's garden again.  The house in the 
garden was filled with little treasures like pretty stones, origami paper, and 
cranes.  Mihoshi was in her ship sending return messages to people who hadn't 
heard from her in weeks.  Ayeka was taking a walk.  

	She walked across the lake to where Funaho rested.  Sitting on a rock, she 
stared into the water.  Someone will be for me, she reassured herself.  But 
when?, her heart cried.

***

	"So, Ryoko, have you got it?" Washu asked.

	"No, not at all!" Ryoko said crossly.  "I haven't even gotten the 
precision thing and now you want to try something new?"

	"Not new, just a variation of forming your energy sword." Washu wheedled.  
Ryoko sighed.  

	"Explain it again then," Ryoko said resigned to her fate.

***
	
	"Princess Ayeka," a voice spoke from the water.  

	Ayeka looked up.  "Tsunami," she said calmly.

	Tsunami smiled at her.  "I have a favor to ask of you."  Ayeka nodded.  "I 
did not think I would be a welcome addition to my niece's party-"

	"Niece?" Ayeka asked.

	"Ryoko, Washu's child.  My niece.  I didn't want to interrupt what 
promised to be an intimate affair with a goddess appearing.  No one knows that 
Washu is one of the three goddesses."  Tsunami paused for a breath.  "My favor 
is could you deliver a present for me to her?"

	Ayeka smiled.  Ryoko had a goddess for an aunt.  "Of course," she spoke.

***

	"Okay, Ryoko, try again." Washu said patiently.  Ryoko growled and formed 
her energy sword again.  Just a plain red stick with no ornamentation.

	"No, Ryoko, like the picture!" Washu said pointing to a picture on the 
wall of a Juraian sword.

***

	Dr. Krugel watched from the shadows.  Washu was being a little uncautious 
not to have some sort of protection around her, but he supposed Ryoko was 
skilled enough not to cut her mother to ribbons.  

***

	"Ah, just like you Ryoko.  Never could get anything right.  Always buried 
in math books because that was the only thing you ever did get right.  I even 
had to bribe Lady Areta to buy that pitiful excuse for a garden." Washu spit out 
at Ryoko.  "Maybe I should absolve my experiment right now."  The gems started 
to glow on Washu's wrist.

	"Aaaaaaahhhhh!" Ryoko shouted.  The red energy sword sprouted from her 
hand and grew longer.  It started to fluctuate wildly.

	The sword extinguished itself.  Ryoko stared aghast at her mother.  "M-
mother?" she whispered.

	Washu lay on the ground a huge gaping hole in her midsection.  Dr. Krugel 
rushed forward.  "Washu!" he cried out.

	She laid still on the ground, blood seeping around her.  Ryoko fell to her 
knees and started to cry.  Dr. Krugel jumped over to her and patted her back.  
"It wasn't your fault dear."

	"Yes, it was!" Ryoko gasped.

	"No, it wasn't.  She was trying to make you angry.  She should have had 
some armor on like when she first trained you." Dr. Krugel tried to console her.

	Ryoko cried and cried.  "NO!" she yelled.  Standing up straight, she 
called out, "Tsunami!"

	The youngest goddess appeared.  "Yes, Ryoko?  What would cause you such 
anguish as to call for me?"

	Ryoko looked at the floor.  Tsunami followed her gaze.  She started to 
chuckle.  "Ryoko, there's no trouble.  None at all.  Good-bye."  Tsunami 
disappeared.

	Washu pushed herself up on her arms.  "Did you get the number of that 
truck?" she said weakly. 

	Ryoko ran to her.  "Mom!"  She stopped short of Washu.

	"What?" Washu asked.  Ryoko pointed.  Washu looked at her middle.  "Oh.  I 
brought it on myself, didn't I?"  Summoning her gems to her hand, she placed her 
left hand over the wound which was about a foot in diameter almost severing her.  
The flesh knit itself back together.  The gems disappeared.

	Ryoko hugged her mother.  "Come on, you didn't think that would kill me 
did you?" Washu hugged her daughter.

	"It should have.  What technology have you developed?" Dr. Krugel asked 
wanly.

	Washu let go of her daughter to look at her old friend.  She sighed.  
She'd have to tell him and hoped he understood.  There wasn't any way to explain 
this away.

	"Why did Ryoko call out for Tsunami?  Why did Tsunami come here?  At 
Ryoko's request?  How did you heal yourself?" The questions poured out of Dr. 
Krugel's mouth.

	"Come on, old friend.  Let's sit down and talk." Washu's chairs and table 
with umbrella popped up.

	"Ryoko?" Ayeka called into the lab.

	"Ryoko, why don't you go see to Ayeka and I'll explain to Arram." Washu 
asked her daughter.  Ryoko nodded and jogged off.

	Washu faced her friend.  "Arram," she began, "when I registered at the 
academy I truly thought myself fully human.  In the past month and some days, 
I've realized that I'm not."

	"There are non-humans in the galaxy." Dr. Krugel reminded her.  "The far 
reaches of space."

	"Nope.  I'm not of that class."  Washu sighed.  "In the beginning, before 
time began, there were three goddesses who aren't in the record.  Tokimi, Washu, 
and Tsunami are the names of those goddesses."  The shock registered physically 
on Dr. Krugel's face.  "Tokimi is evil, Tsunami is good, and Washu is an equal 
mix.  Both and neither.  Tokimi took over races and they turned bad.  To 
counteract this, Tsunami took the Juraians to create balance.  Tokimi and 
Tsunami pressured me to take a race for different reasons of course.  Tokimi 
wanted a race to see which race was the most powerful.  Tsunami wanted me to 
take a race to counteract Tokimi's evil."  Washu summoned glasses and drink.

	"I refused." Washu poured herself a drink.  "I registered at the academy 
and wiped my memories.  I retained my intelligence but not all the answers of 
the universe.  And I do have most of them.  A few weeks ago to save my daughter, 
Tsunami told me to summon my gems from Ryoko to me.  Once I did that my memories 
returned.  Since that time, Tokimi has forced me to take the Earth as my planet, 
a minor god named Balar has challenged me, and one of my oldest friends has 
found out that I'm an elder goddess.  Needless to say I've had a busy couple of 
weeks."  Washu sipped her drink.  "Any questions?"

	"You are sitting there and telling me that the person who helped me raise 
my daughter is an elder goddess?" Dr. Krugel said calmly.  Washu considered it 
and nodded.  "Washu, has it occurred to you that you may have hallucinated 
this?" 

	Washu narrowed her eyes.  "Oh, so you want proof?"  Washu expanded her 
size until the ceiling couldn't take anymore.

	"What's that?  You've learned how to resize your body.  You did that ages 
ago." Dr. Krugel pointed out.

	Washu rolled her eyes.  "You know that equation that's baffled scientists 
for years?  Ralfor's?  The answer is 3."

	Dr. Krugel immediately said, "I believe you.  Washu the goddess."  He 
grinned.  "Do I need to pray to you now?"

	Washu shook her head.  "No, but the goddess Washu needs help.  I don't 
want anyone to know that I'm a goddess.  All of the stuff I do can be explained 
away in the face of people who don't know my experiments personally.  Promise 
you won't tell anyone."

	Dr. Krugel nodded.  "Does that include Chiro?"

	"Do you really think you'd convince her that her surrogate mother is an 
elder goddess and her playmate is the daughter of a goddess?" Washu asked 
ironically.  Dr. Krugel sighed and drank.

***

	Ayeka had delivered Tsunami's present and asked the same question Chiro 
had.  "Where did you put your gifts?"

	Ryoko looked at the wall.  "I do have a room in the house, you know."

	"Oh, that's nice." Ayeka said.  "Are we going to work on the ship garden 
today?"

	Ryoko, glad of the switch in conversation, nodded.  The two walked through 
the lab and into the house.  Ryoko had made sure to switch on the spaceship 
garden and not Her garden.  As they walked up the stairs and around the bend, 
Ryoko pointed to a door.  "That's my room." She said dispassionately.

	"Is it a pretty room?" Ayeka asked politely.

	Ryoko hesitated.  I need to talk to someone about it, she thought.  Ryoko 
said, "I don't know."

	Ayeka looked at her confused.  "Why wouldn't you know?"

	"I don't know, because I can't remember it.  I haven't been in since I 
regained my memories." Ryoko explained.

	"Why?"

	"It's like a chick going back in the egg.  What if I go in there, into my 
special place at fifteen, and don't feel at home?  What if it's wonderful in 
there and it's not inside me?" Ryoko pressed a hand to her chest.

	Ayeka began to walk down the hall and Ryoko fell in behind her.  "I know 
what you mean.  Tenchi has obviously chosen you even if he hasn't said so.  Do I 
stay here or go back to my palace?  Will it feel like going back to somewhere 
where I do not fit in?  Or do I stay here and wait for my chosen to find me?"

	The two girls walked into the garden and all thoughts were gone as they 
plotted where to plant seeds and plants.

***

	That night, Ryoko sat on the roof.  Her thoughts were clouded, but she was 
making slow progress.  She split the problems up and began to think about them 
one by one.  The first one was Tenchi.  A soft smile came over her lips.  Their 
relationship, as she finally admitted to herself, was just in its first stages.  
So much could go wrong, so much she could mess up without knowing what she did.  

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi called from the side of the house.  "Mind if I come up?"

	"No, come on up, Tenchi." Ryoko said in a mild voice.

	Tenchi swung his legs over the edge of the roof.  "Is something wrong?" he 
asked.

	Ryoko paused.  "Just lots of things to think about." She finally said.

	Tenchi moved closer to her, so close he could feel her heat radiating from 
her body.  His hand rested slightly on hers.  "Do you want to talk about it?" he 
asked.

	"Well, as always, the first problem is you." 

	Tenchi glanced down.  "I know.  I still haven't chosen, have I?"

	Ryoko looked at him shrewdly.  "Have you kissed any of the other girls?"  
He shook his head.  "Have you gone on dates with any of the other girls?"  He 
shook his head again.  Her voice softened.  "Then I think you've chosen, 
Tenchi."

	The look on his face was pure anguish.  Her voice caught in her throat.  
"Of course, you can always choose one of the others..."

	"No, no, it's not that." Tenchi assured her.  "It's just that they'll all 
be hurt."

	Ryoko sighed.  "Have you noticed a general change in the atmosphere 
lately?  Washu's out of the lab more spending time with all of us, Mihoshi's 
becoming a bit more interested in things like TV and answering messages and 
helping out, Ayeka and I aren't fighting, Sasami's the same."

	Tenchi considered this.  "Yes, they have been different, haven't they?"

	"They know you've chosen.  Do you think Ayeka would have stood there and 
let me hug you yesterday if she knew you hadn't chosen me already?" Ryoko 
offered for his thoughts.

	"Ayeka!  She'll be hurt." Tenchi began to get up.

	"Tenchi, I'm not done yet."  Tenchi sat down.  "She's asked Washu if 
there's anyone who will return her love.  Washu has used her goddess powers and 
said that there will be someone that she'll meet in anywhere from a month to a 
few years.  That's why she's so happy lately.  She knows that her search will be 
over soon."

	Tenchi sighed.  "I'm happy for her."

	Ryoko continued on.  "So the next problem is Washu.  Do I treat her like I 
have been or like I really am her daughter?  That's a minor problem to me, 
though.  I'm already sorting out a middle ground.  I can't act like that 
fifteen-year-old.  I wouldn't even know where to start.  But I can't act nasty 
to her anymore."  She paused.  "Well, no more than any other daughter."  She 
grinned.

	Her grin slid off her face as she confronted the third problem.  "The 
third problem is complicated.  Ayeka wonders if she ought to go back to her 
planet to wait for her destined.  But she's afraid to go back to her palace.  
She's thinking that it might be like a chick going back to the old nest.  It 
wouldn't be home to her anymore."

	"That's not true.  Home is always home to you." Tenchi argued.

	"So she can always go back to the palace and it will be home.  She has a 
choice of which she prefers.  Or she could have both."  Ryoko applied this 
quickly to her own problem.  She could have her private room and her outside 
world.  

	"Of course she can have both.  You don't cut off one part of your life and 
devote all your time to one thing or place.  Ayeka can feel comfortable here and 
also have contact with her old home." Tenchi explained.

	Ryoko nodded.  "So why don't you go tell her that she's welcome to stay 
here as long as she wants?" 

	Tenchi nodded.  "Just as soon as I have my goodnight kiss."  He leaned 
toward Ryoko and they shared a kiss.  Ryoko's eyes were soft as they parted.  
"Well, goodnight."  Tenchi scrambled off the roof.  Ryoko shook her head fondly.  
That's Tenchi, chosen or not.

***

	Ryoko stayed on the roof most of the night.  The stars twinkled and shone 
down on her still figure.  They reassured her.  Go on, Ryoko, they seemed to 
say.  We'll be here for you no matter what.  Ryoko chuckled.  The stars and 
Tenchi.  

***
	
	It was about three in the morning when Ryoko crept inside the Masaki 
house.  Washu's lab door opened for her without a squeak.  She flew through the 
lab and paused at the entrance to her house.  She opened the door silently and 
walked slowly through the living room.  She walked up the stairs and around the 
bend.  Ryoko stared at the door.  She walked toward the door...

	And bypassed it to step into her garden.  The garden looked beautiful 
under the simulated moonlight.  Ryoko stepped toward the swing and sat down.  
Holding onto one of the strings with both hands she gazed down at the ground.  
Was it really worth it?  Seeing her past...

	Ryoko snorted.  This is just a room.  Stop being so silly.  It's your 
room.  Do you think that you at fifteen would have prohibited you from seeing it 
now?  Ryoko suddenly had a picture of herself at fifteen teasing her now about 
being afraid of her then.  Ryoko smiled and got up.  She walked to the door of 
her room and sighed.  Gathering her courage, she laid a hand on the doorknob and 
turned.  

The door swung open and Ryoko forced herself to take a step inside.  It was dark 
inside.  "Lights," Ryoko asked.  Lights came on in the room, illuminating all 
her precious objects.  Ryoko walked lightly to her bed that was in the center of 
the room.  She sat down on it.  Sadly, she looked about the room.  There was 
nothing here she remembered.

	Her fist came down on the bedspread.  Why couldn't she remember anything?  
Where are you from? She silently asked the bedspread.

	Her memories played out before her.  The bedspread was blue with lavender 
threads going through it that shimmered.  She had begged Washu to buy it for her 
complaining that her old one was so threadbare.  It had been a few days before 
she had come home from school to find it on her bed.  She had immediately run to 
Washu and gave her the biggest hug ever.

	Ryoko rubbed the comforter.  It was still so pretty after all those years.  
Her eyes narrowed.  She had asked and her memories had come back to her.  What 
if-?

	Ryoko stood up and walked to a huge bureau with a round mirror on it.  
Where are you from? She asked.  The memory that came up was Washu giving it to 
Ryoko from her bedroom when Ryoko was older, perhaps twelve years old.  

	Next she went to a poster of a guy named Abekar.  Placing a finger on it, 
she asked it where it had come from.  She had a memory of Chiro and her skipping 
class to go to a movie and immediately going to buy matching posters of this 
man.  

	Ryoko floated around the room, touching objects and asking for memories.  
There was her jewelry box and where all the pieces had come from.  In her 
closet, her clothes told her fantastic stories of what she had done.  How she 
had gone with Washu to academy functions and worn this dress or that, what her 
15th birthday had been like, places she had gone with Chiro, etc.  Her music 
collection told her what type of music she liked.  Ryoko longed to play it, but 
she thought she'd wake up Washu.  Her movie collection and her TV wanted to be 
played after so long, but she denied them for the same reason.

	Finally, Ryoko came to all of her little things.  She toyed with the 
silken fabric that came from a princess's hat.  So, Ryoko thought, I liked to 
play princess.  She had a computer in her room that she had just started up.  
While it was working, Ryoko looked around.  On her desk, she found a thick stack 
of varied stationary and on top of that was an address book.  Flipping through 
it, Ryoko quickly shut it and placed it back on top of the stationary.  How many 
people are dead in there? She thought to herself.

	The computer screen had popped up and Ryoko looked at the various icons.  
The normal ones were all there, systems analysis stuff, a music player, and-  
Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  Math, said the icon.  Ryoko clicked on it and started to 
read through the problem she had been working on all those years ago.  Several 
times she had to go back and remember something but in the end she solved it.

	Ryoko sat back in the chair.  So, I still remember how to do things.  
Bizarre.  Ryoko floated back to her bed.  The pillows were light blue to match 
the radiant blue bedspread with the violet threads.  The posts were made of a 
dark wood and fabric swung from post to post and hung down at the ends.  Ryoko 
laid in bed and thought about this room.  There wasn't really anything to be 
scared of, she thought.  It is my room still.  She regarded the postered walls.  
Those are going to have to go.

	Ryoko caught herself.  I just came in this room and I want to tear it up?!  
Ryoko snorted.  Of course!  I used to rearrange things all the time.  Ryoko 
tapped her chin.  I wonder where Washu put the recorder?  I'll make a tape of 
this room before I tear it up so I can remember everything. Ryoko exited the 
room.

	Coming back, she video-taped the room and slid the tape into her 
collection.  She floated back downstairs to return the machine to the video 
room.  

	Upstairs in her room, Ryoko looked it over.  The posters can be rolled up 
and stored.  But what will I replace them with?  Ryoko grinned.  Tenchi, of 
course!  I'll find the photograph albums and make posters of them!  And all the 
stuff Washu put into storage I can put in here once I put some of the old stuff 
away.

	Ryoko looked at her clock.  Wow!  I've been in here for four hours?  So 
it's seven o'clock now and Washu ought to be up anyway.  Ryoko got a mischievous 
look on her face.  

***

	"Good morning, Mom!  Isn't it a wonderful day?" Ryoko carolled into 
Washu's room.

	Washu's eyes snapped open.  "Ryoko!"

	"Yes, that is my name as you well know.  You gave it to me."  Ryoko 
sashayed into the room, carrying a tray full of breakfast.  She sat it down on 
Washu's nightstand.  "Oh, dear sweet mother, where did you put all my birthday 
presents?  Tell me and I'll give you the antidote to the breakfast I made."

	Washu's eyes bugged out at Ryoko.  She's gone nuts.  My daughter has gone 
insane.  Washu looked at the breakfast tray.  But that does look pretty good...

	"I put them in the storage hole.  You can access it from upstairs." Washu 
began.

	"Near the garden.  Oh, so that's what that panel is for.  Got it, thank 
you Mom!" Ryoko chirped.  She leaned in, kissed her mom on the cheek, and ran 
off.

	Washu gazed where she had left for a while, shook her head in amazement, 
and reached for her breakfast. 

***

	I do love it when people tell me what they like specifically in a story so 
I can know if it had the impact I wanted.  But I also like the ones that just 
tell me it was good, too.  Pikabit, you're killing me because I don't have an 
address to write you back to.  I am good about replying to reviews and if you'd 
like, give me your email address and I'll tell you when a new chapter goes up.  
Thank you!
