This story is mine, but not the characters in it.  They mostly belong to AIC and 
Pioneer.  No money is being made from this story

The Return
By Kenzie Kennedy
	
	Washu was interrupted from her light reading on Earth's energy crisis by a 
beep.  She glanced at her laptop to see the clock had just switched over to 
midnight.  As she was watching the computer, it started blinking "Ayeka's 
Birthday".  She went back to her reading.  

Another beep and the computer flashed "Incoming message".  Washu tapped a key 
and the message popped up.  Washu scanned it and sighed.  The royal family of 
Jurai requests Ayeka's presence.  Geez, nice way to say Happy Birthday to your 
daughter.

	Washu tilted her head.  Hmm, do I go to bed and have a good couple hours 
sleep or do I stay up and miss the birthday party and have the royal family come 
here?  Closing the book, she started off toward the door.

***

	Everyone was gathered around the table when Washu stumbled out of the lab 
door dressed in her bathrobe, rubbing her eyes.  All eyes turned toward her.

	She straightened herself up and pointed at Ayeka.  "I am up at this 
ungodly-"  Washu paused.  "-ungoddessly hour to inform you that your parents 
want you on Jurai by nine o'clock."

	Washu turned around and went back inside the lab.

	Mihoshi, Sasami, Ryoko, and Tenchi looked at Ayeka.  "Uh, happy birthday, 
Ayeka." Ryoko offered.

	Ayeka grimaced and looked at her plate.  "I didn't even know it was my 
birthday..."

***

	As soon as breakfast was over, Tenchi trotted out the door to tell his 
grandfather were they were going.  His grandfather nodded to him and said that 
his chores would be waiting tomorrow.  Tenchi sighed.

***

	Ayeka was busy trying to tell Ryoko why she wasn't enthused about her 
birthday.  "Ryoko, it's not the party or presents that upsets me."

	Ryoko grinned.  "Those don't upset me either."

	Ayeka sighed.  "It's the production it is.  Everything is staged.  I can 
tell you step by step what will happen.  First we'll be greeted by my parents, 
which will be taped of course for the broadcast later.  Then we'll proceed to 
the ballroom where everything will be set up with the lords and ladies 
presenting me gifts and toasting me."

	Ryoko laughed.  "I'd love it!"

	Ayeka hesitated.  "It's all fake, Ryoko.  Not many lords there see Ayeka, 
but a duty to the princess.  The populace never notices I'm not happy."

	"Oh," Ryoko contemplated this.  "But you still get cake, right?"  Ryoko 
grinned at her friend.

	Ayeka groaned.

***

	Washu appeared bright-eyed and bushy-tailed fifteen minutes before nine 
outside her lab.  "Everyone ready?" she asked intelligently.

	The portal sprang into life beside her.  "Just walk through and you'll be 
on Jurai." She explained.

	"Is this...your doing?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu frowned.  "My doing?  Yes, I created it.  Isn't it a lovely work of 
science?" she cooed at it.  Ryoko rolled her eyes toward the ceiling and started 
forward.

	"Uh-uh, Ryoko." Washu stepped forward.  "You can't come."

	"What?!  Why not?" Ryoko demanded.

	"The Emperor thinks that having you there will bring panic to the masses 
even though most of them know by now it was Kagato doing the crimes and you were 
his puppet." Washu explained.  "If it makes you feel better, I'm ignoring their 
invitation for this insult.  We'll make a mother/daughter day out of it."

	"Got room for one more?" Tenchi asked.  Ryoko and Washu looked at him.  
"If it's not appropriate for a space pirate to be there, I'm guessing it's not 
appropriate for the date of the space pirate to go either, prince or not."

	"Stop this!"

	Everyone turned to look at Ayeka.  Sasami's eyes trembled as she held Ryo-
ohki.  "NO one is being left behind.  It is my birthday and I may invite 
whomever I wish."  Ayeka looked straight at Ryoko as she said it.

	Ryoko who had been on the verge of tears and not wanting to admit it, 
adequately nodded her head.  They all stepped through the portal.

***

	"Ayeka!" Misaki cried and leaped forward to hug her two daughters.

	"Mommy!" Ayeka and Sasami yelled.  The rest of the group looked on and 
shuddered. 

	"Oh, we've got so many presents for you and the cake is lovely this year!" 
Misaki cried.  Then she caught sight of Ryoko.  "Oh, Ryoko!"  Misaki leapt 
forward to grab the pirate in a hug.  "I was afraid you'd actually take Azusa 
seriously.  You know he loves all of you, he just doesn't show it."

	Ryoko gasped for air as Misaki sought other victims.  After the hugging 
and re-introductions were over, the empress guided them to where Funaho and 
Azusa were waiting with the vehicle.  The Emperor glared at Ryoko the whole ride 
to the palace, but Ayeka made her choice plain by speaking to Ryoko the whole 
time.

***

	At the palace, the lords and ladies were all introduced and presented 
their gifts to the princess.  Ryoko marveled over some of the more long-winded 
speeches and toasts to Ayeka.  Idly she wondered if a small energy ball placed 
under their chair would make them hurry up...

	Washu shot her a glance that plainly said, "Don't you dare!" and Ryoko 
sighed and sat through them.

***

	After the procession was over, the gifts given, the toasts all spoken, 
Ayeka finally got the private party with her friends and parents.  This cake she 
ate more of than a sliver, she had a whole slice.  The presents from her parents 
were well thought out and would be useful on Earth.  Azusa shot them all mean 
glances when it was found out that no one had presents for Ayeka, but Washu 
assured them that they would have a private party on Earth and go shopping ahead 
of time.  Azusa didn't seem to know what to do with Washu.  She was pretty sure 
Tsunami hadn't told him she was a goddess, but you never know.

***

	Ayeka got to show Tenchi and Ryoko her rooms in the palace and Ryoko loved 
the gardens.  Washu was quickly seduced off by Funaho wondering if the portal 
could be made permanent for emergencies.  Mihoshi sat around gobbling cake and 
listening to Misaki chatter on about past birthdays.

***

	An hour later, they were all back together and at the entrance point of 
the portal.  Everyone had Misaki try to kill them with her hugs and had waved 
good-bye.  Washu winked at Ryoko as Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami, and Tenchi went 
first through the portal.  Washu gestured for Ryoko to go first.  Ryoko raised 
an eyebrow but stepped through albeit warily.  Washu grinned and quicky 
followed.

***

	"Where are we?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu shook her head.  "We're back in the shopping mall.  I thought you 
all might like to get presents for Ayeka here since we won't have time to go to 
a city in Japan."

	"But I'm still here." Ayeka protested.

	"Umm-hmm," Washu nodded.  "I'm going to stay right here."  Washu patted 
the back of a bench.  "When you're ready to leave, just come here and I'll send 
you home.  Ayeka, you're leaving right now while everyone else goes shopping."  
Ayeka nodded and stepped through the portal Washu provided.

	Everyone else scattered to find presents.  Sasami tagged along with 
Mihoshi while Ryoko and Tenchi wandered off.  

***

	"This is cute." Mihoshi picked up a glass unicorn.  It was white ceramic 
with sapphire eyes.  Sasami went a little white at Mihoshi picking up something 
breakable but admitted that it was cute.  Mihoshi, trusting Sasami's judgment, 
immediately bought the little unicorn.  Displaying rare common sense, she let 
Sasami carry it for her.

	Sasami thought about her present.  What could she get Ayeka that she would 
really like?  A smile brightened her face.  Of course!  I'll fix a fancy dinner 
with all the things that we can't get on Earth.  She tugged Mihoshi along after 
her to one of the many grocery stores in the mall.

***

	Ryoko and Tenchi peered in windows and saw nothing that reflected Ayeka's 
personality to them.  Ryoko cast a longing glance at the garden shop but 
resisted going in.  Tenchi smiled at her and she smiled back.  

	"What do you think Ayeka would like?" Tenchi finally asked.  Ryoko 
shrugged.

	"We could get her lingerie for her destined when he shows up." Ryoko 
suggested.  Tenchi gave her a look.  Ryoko grinned.  He was being a lot more 
mellow lately.

	"All right.  What about a book?" Tenchi asked.  

	Ryoko gave him a queer look.  "Washu's got an entire library and you want 
to know if she wants a book?  Why not get-"  Something caught Ryoko's eye.  She 
looked around.  Something had sparkled...

	"Tenchi, what about something simple like jewelry?" Ryoko purred.  "A 
necklace with a globe of the earth on it?  To remind her of us wherever she 
goes?"  The two started for the jewelry counter.

***

	After they had gotten the necklace (it had been decided that it was 
Tenchi's present to Ayeka) Ryoko was left wondering what to get her friend.  It 
couldn't be something too common.  

Tenchi and Ryoko were wandering around the mall and found themselves on the 
upper levels.  It was mostly clothing stores up here.  Strolling along, Ryoko 
started looking into the windows.  Her eyes widened as she saw the most ornate 
robes she had ever seen.  She pictured herself in the red one with the black 
patterned leaves.  She grinned.  Pretty good looking if I do say so myself.

The one next to it was a soft lavender with a gentle green pattern of ivy leaves 
with tiny blue flowers.  The third was a pink color with darker pink roses on 
it.  Ryoko sighed.  The pink one was Ayeka's color and that was definitely the 
one she'd choose for her friend.  But which one for her, the red or the 
lavender?  Ryoko grinned as she chose.

***

On the walk back to Washu, Ryoko bit her lip and looked at Tenchi's hand.  
Taking a leap of faith she sidled up to him, matched his stride, and gently 
wrapped her hand around his.

To his credit, Tenchi didn't stop in his tracks, though he did slow down a bit.  
He glanced down at their hands and kept walking.  Ryoko grinned.  He really is 
getting more mellow about me...

***

	Back at the house, Sasami hurried into the kitchen with Mihoshi following 
her.  They both had bags in their hands.  Washu held Mihoshi's bag for her in 
the living room along with Tenchi and Ryoko's present.  Ayeka sighed and let 
down her princessly manners for once.  She sat down in a chair by falling into 
it.  Her eyes rolled toward the ceiling with relief of being away from the 
newspeople.

	Ryoko and Tenchi exchanged glances.  "So, Ayeka..." Ryoko began.  
Mentally, she searched for something innocent to say.  "How are you enjoying 
your birthday?"

	Ayeka winced.  "Just fine, Ryoko."

	Washu growled lowly.  That was her daughter, tactless.  "What would you 
like to do until supper, Ayeka?  Did you want your presents now?  Help cheer you 
up?"

	Ayeka tossed Washu a grateful glance.  "Hey, Mihoshi, Sasami!  Can you 
spare a couple minutes?" Washu called into the kitchen.  Sasami and Mihoshi came 
out
 into the living room.

	Washu gave Ayeka her presents and they all sat back to watch Ayeka unwrap 
them.  First, Ayeka peeked into the bag with the unicorn in it.  She unwrapped 
it carefully from its tissue paper.  Her mouth parted and her eyes danced when 
she saw the delicate figure.  "Oh, Mihoshi, I love it." She said softly.

	"Oh, you do?  I was wondering if you would because even though I thought 
it was pretty and Sasami thought you might like it, I was still worried." 
Mihoshi babbled on merrily.

	Ayeka reached for Tenchi's small box and opened the lid.  Her mouth 
quirked up at the ends as she examined the tiny earth.  She slid it over her 
head and under her collar.  The next present was Ryoko's.  Two large garment 
boxes lay at Ayeka's feet.  She opened the top one and gasped.  Red cloth with a 
black leaves.  How...not her.

	"You'll like the other one better princess.  That's if you have someone to 
show it off to and feel a bit...naughty." Ryoko grinned.

	Ayeka slid the box aside and opened the bottom one.  She sighed with 
relief.  This was something she instantly fell in love with.  Oh, I love pink, 
she thought.  "Thank you, Ryoko." She said quietly.  "They're both very pretty."

	"And I'm making you dinner.  All your favorites that we haven't been able 
to find on Earth." Sasami informed her.  Ayeka smiled at her sister.  

	"Thank you very much, Sasami." Ayeka piled the presents to one side as her 
sister started to go back into the kitchen.

	"I have a present for you as well, Princess Ayeka."

	A blue-haired figure took shape in the room.  "Tsunami," Ayeka said.

	"Hello, Ayeka."  Tsunami turned to Washu.  "Sister, I will need your help 
in bring my present here."

	Washu sighed.  "Let me guess.  You can't because you don't have a physical 
body?"  Tsunami nodded.  Washu stood up and her gems sprang to her hand.  
"What's your present calling itself now?" 

	"The package's name is still the same." Tsunami told her.  Washu nodded 
and spoke silently to the gems.

	A figure stepped from shadow into being.  A thought ran through Ayeka's 
mind. Maybe this is my destined, she thought excitedly.  As the figure started 
to unblur her thoughts ran from pleasure to fear.

	Tenchi pulled Tenchi-ken from his waist and Ryoko's energy sword came up 
instantly.  The figure solidified and Washu's gems ceased their glowing and went 
back to her.  Once Washu opened her eyes again, they were stern.  "Put those 
away, you two." She said scoldingly.  "He's harmless."

	"But that's-" Ryoko began.

	"I should know who he is better than you, daughter.  He is also Ayeka's 
destined." Washu told her.

	Ayeka fainted.

***

	Ryoko looked at Ayeka lying on the floor and walked the few steps to her 
quickly.  Fanning her friend with her hand, she shot the visitor a dirty look.  
"What do you mean, he's harmless?"

	Tsunami spoke next.  "He's completely mortal now."

	Tenchi blinked at her.  "How?"

	The guest stayed silent while Tsunami explained.  "Tenchi, I can't explain 
how.  It's a goddess ability, specifically attuned to Tokimi, Washu, and I."

	Ayeka came back into consciousness and Ryoko helped her sit up.  "What is 
he doing here?" she asked coldly.

	"He is here because he is your destined." Tsunami said in a firm voice.

	Ayeka shook her head.  "I am not associating myself with that-that," Ayeka 
sputtered.

	"God," Ryoko finished for her.

	"Tsunami, how about you let me take a whack at it, huh?" Washu tried not 
to laugh at her younger sister.  "Okay, here's what has happened.  Balar was not 
meant to be a god, not even a minor one.  He was meant to be a mortal.  Too much 
power corrupts and all that.  He could be the most powerful mortal in the 
universe and he wouldn't turn into what he was before."  Washu shrugged.  "Just 
the tiniest grain of sand can tip the scale one way or the other."

	"We're supposed to forgive him because the universe screwed up?!" Ryoko 
said.

	"No.  He's mortal now.  When a god goes from god to mortal, all the crimes 
of the god are erased because a mortal mind can't comprehend the reasoning.  
Balar knows he committed crimes and even knows what they are, but they are as 
stories to him now.  He's basically a good person now." Washu finished.

	"Princess Ayeka, he is your destined."  Tsunami couldn't get past that 
point.  If one of her protectorates wanted someone to love and she found them 
someone, why wouldn't they be happy?

	Washu understood what Tsunami was going through.  She stopped herself from 
chuckling at her sister.  You just don't get it, do you, Tsunami? She thought.

	"So, Balar, why don't you sit down?" Washu asked the ex-god.

	Balar, who hadn't said a word since he arrived, nodded and sat in a chair 
beside the TV.  He looked around the room at the people staring at him.  
Suddenly he felt a strange feeling.  His skin crawled.

	Tsunami disappeared and left them to deal with one another on their own.  
Sasami went to the kitchen to cook, Mihoshi helping her.  Ayeka sat stiffly in 
her chair.  Tenchi and Ryoko looked at anything except Balar.  Washu grinned at 
the reactions of her family.  How soon would it be before they all found 
pressing things-

	"Well, I promised Grandfather I'd help him with the shrine." Tenchi got up 
and left.  Ryoko looked at his back as he walked out the door.

	"Um, Ayeka, want to help me with the spaceship garden?" Ryoko asked.  
Ayeka walked around the outside of the couch, pointedly keeping as far away from 
Balar as she could.  The two girls left into Washu's lab.

	That left Washu and Balar staring at each other.

	"Do-do you hate me?" Balar spoke.

	Washu fixed him with a stare.  "No.  I don't hate you.  I told you, when 
gods go to mortal form, the past crimes are gone.  I believe that, even if the 
rest of the household can't grasp it."  Washu sat up.  

	"Would you tell me about them all?  Tsunami said to ask you." Balar said 
hesitantly.

	"Sure.  Let's see," Washu considered, "Tenchi is a Juraian prince who's in 
love with Ryoko.  Ryoko is an ex-space pirate and my daughter.  Mihoshi is a 
galaxy police officer and a bubblebrain, but she means well.  Sasami is Ayeka's 
younger sister.  Ayeka is-"

	"Lovely," Balar sighed.

	Washu looked at him knowingly.  "So Tsunami uploaded information on Ayeka, 
but not the others?  How like her."  Washu stood up.  "Let's go find you a 
room."  Balar stood up and they marched off into the house.

***

	Dinner was so much fun for Washu.

	Ayeka kept stealing glances at Balar and then looking away, sticking her 
nose far into the air.  Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other with worried eyes 
and splitting their attention between looking at each other, at Ayeka, and at 
Balar.  Mihoshi was completely oblivious to the whole scenario and marveled over 
how good the food was.  Sasami kept up a steady line of chatter with Mihoshi and 
the humanoid Ryo-ohki.

	It was a scientist's paradise for human emotions being displayed so 
widely.  Anger, aggression, concern, all were here.  Washu could have hugged 
herself.  Balar on the other hand was completely calm.  He was absorbed in the 
food.

	Balar cleared his throat.  "Sasami?" he said uncertainly.

	The little blue-haired girl's head shot up.  "Yes?" she asked cheerfully.

	"Does all food taste this good?" he asked innocently.

	"Thank you!" Sasami beamed.

	Ryoko snorted.  "Apple-polisher." She muttered.  Louder, she asked, "What 
have you never tasted food before?"

	Balar shook his head.  "No, I haven't.  It is my honor that it is Sasami's 
meal that has first graced my mouth."

	Washu chuckled out loud at Ryoko's shocked expression.  The rest of the 
meal went as normal.

***

	After dinner, the family and guest sat down to watch TV.  Ayeka toted her 
new belongings up to her room.  When the TV show was over, the family started to 
go to the baths.  

	Balar sat in the chair and looked at everyone.  "Where are you going?" he 
asked politely.

	"We're going to the baths." Tenchi explained.  Sighing, he said, "I'll 
show you where the men's bath is."

	Tenchi had to explain what a towel looked like, soap was used this way, 
and other bathroom etiquette.  He quickly found that the memories and images had 
been placed in Balar's mind, but no practical knowledge.  Balar explained that 
he knew how to keep certain functions in the bathroom and how to eat, but that 
was the limit of his knowledge.  Tenchi actually found himself sympathizing with 
him, but snapped back to the image of the god that had challenged Washu over the 
Earth.  Something kin to hatred crossed his face as he remembered this person 
had intended to force Ryoko into marriage.

	"What have I done wrong?" Balar asked, noting the expression on Tenchi's 
face.

	"When you were a god, you were going to marry the person I like against 
her will." Tenchi informed him politely, but harshly.

	Balar stared Tenchi in the eyes.  "Ryoko is yours.  Tsunami has made it 
plain to me that Ayeka and I are the best people for each other.  I can remember 
the god memories about Ryoko thinking that she was fair enough and she was a 
goddess's daughter."  His eyebrows came together.  "That was the reason I wanted 
her?  But that doesn't make any sense.  I want Ayeka differently.  To love her, 
to hold her, to protect her."  Balar sighed.  "But how can I protect her if I'm 
mortal?  But how can I love her if I'm not?"  He sank under water and swam away 
from Tenchi.

	After the bath, Tenchi went to his bedroom.  Balar followed right behind 
him.  "Hey!" Tenchi objected.  

	Balar jumped back a few inches.  "Am I doing something wrong?"

	"This is my bedroom." Tenchi started.

	"Ah, there you are, Balar." Washu said from the hallway.  "Did Tsunami 
explain sleeping to you?"

	Balar shrugged.  "She tried.  I could not understand why mortals would lay 
prone for so long."

	Washu led him down the hall.  "Do your eyelids feel heavy?  Is there a 
general ache in you?"

	"I do not understand what the term 'ache' means either, Washu." Balar said 
apologetically.

	She looked at the ground.  "Let me try another way.  As a god, you had 
unlimited energy so you didn't get tired.  But humans have a limited amount of 
energy and when it runs out, they lay still and soak up more energy.  Make 
sense?" 

	Balar looked as though a lightning bolt had struck him.  "Ah, so that is 
what this feeling is.  I ache, because I am tired."

	"So now you lay in bed in as many or as few clothes as you wish and sleep.  
I'll come get you in the morning." Washu told him as they arrived at his door.

	He went in and then paused.  "Washu?"

	Washu, who had been walking down the hall, paused.  "Yes?" she asked.

	"How long does this sleeping take?  Does it hurt?"

	"On average, most humans sleep eight hours.  You might sleep more or less.  
It doesn't hurt and if you experience pictures as you sleep, it's normal.  It's 
called dreaming."  Washu walked down the hall.

	Balar laid down on the pallet, fully made up, and closed his eyes that 
were so heavy.

***

	At breakfast, Balar did not show up.  Sasami asked, "Washu, where's 
Balar?"

	Washu finished her mouthful of rice.  "He's still sleeping as far as I 
know."  Sasami made a plate for him and put it aside.  

***

	After breakfast, Washu tiptoed up the stairs with Balar's tray.  She 
approached his room and slid open the door.

	Balar's blond hair was everywhere and he was twisted in the blanket.  
Washu's mouth quirked on one side.  "Rise and shine, Balar." She said, placing 
the tray on the table.

	Balar snored loudly.  Washu snickered.  She walked to him and shook him.  
"Up." She said simply.

	Balar's eyes came wide open.  "Why didn't anyone tell me dreaming was 
fun?"

	"Because gods don't usually sleep, that's why.  Now get up, you missed 
breakfast."  Balar's stomach growled.  "That means you're hungry."

	After Balar had eaten, Washu asked him what he was going to do today.  He 
stared at her.  "I have to do something?" he asked blankly.

	Washu covered her face with her hands.  "You can't sit and contemplate the 
world unless you're a priest, a scientist, or a philosopher.  What do you like 
to do?"

	Balar was silent.

	Washu sighed.  "Ryoko and Ayeka are working on the garden, Tenchi is doing 
chores, and Mihoshi is patrolling the system."

	"What do you do?" Balar asked.

	"Me?" Washu pointed to herself.  "Me, I'm a scientist." She said proudly.

	"Why?" Balar asked simply.

	"Why what?" Washu returned.

	"Why be a scientist and try to figure things out if you can snap your 
fingers and they're done?" Balar asked innocently.

	Washu felt the floor fall out from underneath her.  He's right, she 
thought.  Why am I doing this?  Her thoughts came back to her reassuringly.  

	Washu smiled at Balar.  "Because the rest of the world can't do it like I 
can.  How would there be anything if we gods didn't figure it out.  Yes, we 
could cry, I can create fire out of nothing.  But how would the smaller 
creatures create fire if we didn't give them wood and flint?"

	Balar nodded.  "So what should I do?  Tsunami said I had to find out some 
things for myself."

	Washu put her hand on his shoulder.  "Then I suggest you get dressed and 
go for a walk."

***

	Balar was dressed in shorts and a short-sleeved shirt.  He stood at the 
door to the Masaki home and looked out.  Washu had taken off for her lab 
already.  He took one step outside the house and then another.

	Soon he was in a field.  A strange noise propelled him in one direction.  
Walking in that direction, he saw the young man named Tenchi wielding a long 
stick.  Frowning, Balar walked toward him.  "What is that you do?" he asked.

	Tenchi whirled around.  "Oh, it's you."  He held up the stick.  "This is a 
hoe.  You scrape at the ground and destroy the weeds.  The weeds take the 
moisture away from the carrots that Ryo-ohki eats."

	"May I try?" Balar asked.  Tenchi tentatively handed the hoe to him.

	"Now," Tenchi said, "this is a weed."  He held up a tiny green shoot.  
"This is a carrot top."  He pointed to a frond-like thing poking out of the 
ground.  "We could try to pull up all these shoots one by one, but it would take 
forever.  Don't hit the fronds, scrape the weeds out of the way."  Balar 
carefully dug at the weed.  It popped out of the ground and he grinned.  He 
tried again and it happened again.  

	Tenchi had never seen anyone so enthusiastic about weeding before.  A 
thought popped into his head.  "Balar, you said something last night about not 
being able to defend Ayeka?"

	Balar turned to him.  "Yes."

	"Well, you haven't met my grandfather yet.  He could teach you how to 
fight." Tenchi offered.

	Balar jumped at the chance.  "Yes!  We will go meet this man now."  Balar 
started off in one direction.

	"Balar, it's that way." Tenchi sighed.  He'd have to finish the field 
later.

***

	At the shrine, Tenchi called, "Grandfather!"

	"Yes, Tenchi, what is it?" Grandfather said calmly, appearing out of 
nowhere as usual.

	"This is Balar." Tench would have gone on further but his grandfather 
stepped forward.

	"Ah, yes.  You're the god that kidnapped everyone, aren't you?" he asked.

	"Yes, sir.  I kidnapped everyone, but I am no longer a god.  Tsunami has 
made me mortal." Balar gave a short explanation.  "I am sorry for what I have 
done."

	"Mm-hmm," Katsuhito considered.  "And what are you here for now?"

	"Tsunami said that Ayeka and I are destined.  But I need to know how to 
defend her." Balar said.

	"Ah," Katsuhito understood.  "I will teach you under one circumstance."

	"Yes?" Balar leaned forward eagerly.

	"You will treat my sister with respect." Katsuhito winked.  Balar 
blanched.

	"Of course," Balar said and bowed.  Katsuhito's bokken came out of nowhere 
and bonked him on the head.  "Never lower your eyes.  Lesson One."

	Grandfather started off toward the house.  Balar looked at Tenchi.  "Are 
you coming, boy!" Katsuhito shouted.  Balar trotted off.  Tenchi went back to 
the fields.

***

	In the days to come, Balar's time was split between practicing with Lord 
Katsuhito and getting to know the household.  Lord Katsuhito said he was very 
good for a beginner and he would be in fighting shape in no time.  Sasami 
remained very pleasant toward him and eager to make him feel at home.  Tenchi 
was easy to talk to and he explained things like music and how the others came 
here wonderfully.  Mihoshi was oblivious that he had ever done anything wrong.  
Ryoko was wary of him and stayed as far away as possible.  Washu took samples 
and helped him with anything Tenchi couldn't explain.  Ayeka...

	Balar sighed.  Ayeka.  As pretty as the stars, as solemn as the moon, 
softer than anything he'd ever known, what he wouldn't give to have even a kind 
glance from her!  But she treats me as if I am evil.  Balar scuffed his foot 
over a bit of grass.  He was sitting on the porch and wondering if she would 
ever even say hello to him.

	"Hello." 

	Balar turned around, his eyes hopeful, but it died as he saw that it was 
Ryoko.  "Hello," he said warily.

	Ryoko swung herself down on the porch.  "Washu has told me to make an 
effort to talk to you."  She heaved a great sigh.  "She says you're not as bad 
as I think you are."  Swinging her legs back and forth, she added, "I think the 
greatest scientist in the universe, elder goddess deal has gone to her head."

	Balar shrugged.  "I'm not the same person I was."

	"Yes, but you have the same potential to be that person." Ryoko insisted.

	"I suppose I do, but if I'm conscious of what I could become, can't I stop 
myself?" Balar asked her.

	"No-" Ryoko began.  Her thoughts flew back to something.  I've been 
wanting to go into space again, she thought.  But what if when I get there, I 
burn or pillage something?  She argued with herself.  But I'm not that way 
anymore!  I know the difference now.

	She related that to what Balar had just said.  He was a god, I was a 
pirate.  I know I won't do that again, but that was because I was controlled by 
Kagato.  It doesn't matter, she realized.  Kagato may have controlled me but 
what if it was in my personality all along?

	"Maybe you can prevent yourself from becoming that again.  Let's try 
another question.  What do you want to do with your life?" Ryoko asked.

	Balar tilted his head to the left.  "I don't know." He finally said.  "I 
don't have enough information about the world."  He paused.  "I do want to be 
with Ayeka.  Wherever she goes, whatever she does."

	"She's the princess of Jurai.  Whoever she marries is king." Ryoko 
cautioned.

	"That doesn't matter to me.  I don't want to be the king just to be the 
king.  I'm afraid of that kind of power." Balar admitted finally.  "I don't even 
want to get close to it.  But if that's the cost of having Ayeka to love then 
I'll pay it."

	Ryoko looked at him.  She snorted.  "You know, we've got a problem.  
Whoever Ayeka marries is king.  If Tenchi takes the throne, I'll be queen.  It 
just matters which one of them wants it."

	"What if neither of them wants the throne?" Balar asked her.

	Ryoko looked at the ground.  "I don't think that will happen.  They're 
both really honor-bound."  She looked up at the sky and smiled at a bird flying 
overhead.  "If Ayeka marries you, then you'll be king without wanting to be.  If 
Tenchi marries me, then I'll be queen."  

	Ryoko smiled.  "I'd love to get my hands on that planet.  What gardens I 
could have!"

	Balar glanced at her.  "You'd have a whole planet with all it's military 
forces and a massive fleet and you'd plant gardens?  That doesn't sound very 
pirate-ish."

	Ryoko sighed.  "See?  I've gone soft."

	"Oh, I don't think you've gone soft, my pirate." Tenchi's voice came from 
behind her.  His chin rested on top of her head for a moment and he smelled her 
soft hair.  Banishing the idea of standing there all day, he said, "Sasami has 
lunch ready for us."  Balar and Ryoko got up and went with him in to lunch.

	Tenchi wasn't the only person who had managed to sneak up on the pair.  
Ayeka faded back into the house and made her way to the table.

***

	That night at dinner, Washu made an announcement.  "I've got to go the 
Academy tomorrow and I won't be around in case anyone needs me.  Sasami, could 
you put aside dinner for me?  I won't be back until after dinner."

	"Why are you going to the Academy, Miss Washu?" Ayeka asked.

	"They've asked me to give a talk on quadrapotric physics." Washu answered.

	"Oh, is that where 2-2937*378374+298384832902%3028948=9?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu looked at her daughter with prideful eyes.  "Yes, it is, Little 
Ryoko.  If you think you'd enjoy it, I'll take you with me."  Ryoko nodded 
happily.  Everyone else rolled their eyes.

***
	
	After dinner, Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Ayeka went to watch TV, while Washu and 
Ryoko walked into the lab.  They were talking about what clothes to wear to 
impress the people there.  Balar went outside.

	What am I doing? He thought.  I don't know how to make her like me.  I 
don't even know who to ask.  He sat down beside the lake watching the plants 
move in the water.  Hmmm, I wonder what happens if you try to walk on it? He 
thought about the water.  

***

	Washu's stopped in her thoughts about clothing and started running toward 
the lab door.  She threw it open when she got there and ran out of the house 
toward the lake.  Ryoko followed her out of the lab leaping into the air once 
she was out of the house.  The rest of the household ran after her.

	Washu's gems glowed a deep red as she summoned Balar out of the lake.  His 
face was blue and Washu determinedly told his lungs to breathe.  Balar started 
to gasp and cough up water.

	"What were you trying to do?" Washu screamed at him.  "Just because Ayeka 
doesn't know you're alive is no reason to kill yourself!"

	As soon as Balar could talk he said, "I wasn't trying to kill myself."

	"Then what were you doing?" Ryoko asked him.

	"I wanted to see what would happen if I tried to walk on water.  When I 
sank I started to chase the fish under there, but they got away.  Why did I 
start to die?" Balar asked confused.

	Washu pulled her hair.  "Because, stupid, you need to breathe!"

	"What's breathing?" he asked.

	Washu quit answering his questions and Ryoko carried him inside and laid 
him  on the couch.  Ayeka walked slowly behind the others.

	Washu put up a slideshow for Balar on breathing and oxygen and explained 
it very scientifically to him.  After the slideshow, Balar took a bath and went 
to bed early.  With all the excitement that became the general notion and 
everyone went to sleep.

***

	In the morning, Washu and Ryoko were still around.  Washu informed 
everyone that they weren't leaving until mid-morning.  After breakfast, Tenchi 
went out to the fields with Balar and an extra hoe.  Mihoshi went to do the 
laundry and Ayeka went to make sure she got the right amount of detergent in the 
machine.

	Ryoko curled up on the couch with a math book.  She was idly munching on 
cookies while working out the complicated math in her head when Ayeka spoke up.  
"Ryoko, can we talk?" she said faintly.  

	Ryoko looked up into her friend's worried face.  "Sure, Ayeka."

	Ayeka sat down on the couch with her.  "I'm worried that I'm not doing the 
right thing."

	Ryoko nodded.  "Not doing the right thing about what?"

	"Balar." Ayeka paused.  "I overheard your conversation yesterday.  I 
apologize.  I didn't mean to."

	"Don't bother with it, Ayeka.  What's got you so worried about the guy?  
He seems to be okay now." Ryoko said.

	"That's the problem.  He's okay now.  What if we do fall in love and we 
marry and he takes over the galaxy?"  Ayeka looked at the floor.  "That's not 
the only problem.  I can't seem to get away from him.  Everywhere I go in the 
house I see him.  Even if he's not there I'm looking for him because he always 
seems to be where I am."

	"He's got a crush on you, Ayeka.  At the very least." Ryoko giggled.  "So 
do you like him or not?  He is good-looking."

	"Yes, he is that." Ayeka considered. 

	Ryoko laughed.  "You mean you actually looked, princess?"

	"Let's just say I'm not blind." Ayeka smiled at Ryoko.  "He behaves 
nicely, dresses smartly, and is adorable."  Her face fell.  "But I can't forget 
what he did.  And there isn't anywhere I can simply talk out my feelings with 
myself that he isn't looking at me."

	Ryoko sat there for a moment.  So, Ayeka needs somewhere she can be alone 
to sort this out.  He does seem okay so far.  Ryoko thought for a few minutes 
and stood up.  "Come on, Ayeka.  I know a place where you can think."  Ryoko led 
the way to Washu's lab.

	The two girls walked through the lab and to the house.  Ayeka started to 
speak.  "Yes, I know I could ask you to bring me here, but there isn't really 
anywhere here I can sit and think."

	Ryoko grinned at her.  "Oh, there isn't?"  

	Ryoko bounded up the stairs, taking them two at a time.  Ayeka, being very 
sedate, swept up the stairs gently and slowly.  Ryoko walked down the hall and 
paused at the keypad by the door.

	"Ryoko, I don't really think I want to sit in the spaceship garden.  I'll 
be distracted by things that should be done in there." Ayeka objected.

	The cyan-haired lady pushed a button and the room shimmered.  "I'll 
guarantee you won't be distracted in here." Ryoko said and ushered Ayeka into 
the room.

	Ayeka walked under the white archway with ivy climbing on it.  The 
fountain bubbled happily.  A few butterflies flew around, perching on the 
flowers.  The cherry trees were beginning to show their fruit and the swing 
between them hung, wanting to be sat in.  "Oh, Ryoko." Ayeka said.

	"Yes?" Ryoko beamed at the garden.  "It's all mine.  I made it when I was 
younger and left it only when Kagato kidnapped me from here.  It's where I come 
to be alone and to feel peaceful.  I thought maybe you could use a little peace 
and quiet."

	Ayeka nodded, realizing the beautiful and heartfelt gift Ryoko had given 
her.

	"Ryoko, dear!  We're going to be late!" Washu called from the end of the 
hallway.  Washu entered the garden.  "Oh, hi, Ayeka.  If you're going to be in 
here long, there's stuff in the fridge.  Ryoko, change into your clothes!  We've 
got to get going."  Ryoko winked at Ayeka and started to leave the garden.  
Washu marched right behind her.

***

	Sasami glanced around.  Ryo-ohki was talking to Ryu-oh, Tenchi and Balar 
were in the fields, Ayeka was in the lab with Ryoko, Ryoko and Washu were going 
to the conference.  She grinned.  Now was the perfect time.  

	She crept out of the house and up to the shrine.  Soon she stood in front 
of Ryoko's cave.  They told me never to come up here, she thought.  Swallowing, 
she entered Ryoko's cave.  

	She examined the little house where Tenchi-ken had been stored.  She 
giggled over the stone and the remains of the vine.  Tenchi should have known 
better than to tie them together with that.  She squeezed through the opening 
left in the rocks.  Slipping, she fell down the long corridor and slipped out of 
consciousness as her head hit the side of the long rock wall.

***

	Lunchtime came and no food was put on the table.  Ayeka was still in Ryoko 
and Washu's house.  Mihoshi was reading girls comics.  But Tenchi and Balar had 
come back to the house and couldn't find the little girl.  They found Mihoshi 
under the clothesline and she hadn't seen her either.  Ayeka wasn't around so 
they thought the sisters were together.

***

	Ayeka had concluded that she would decide for herself if Balar was to be 
trusted.  His time with them had been short but he hadn't done anything wrong.  
Ayeka smiled.  She would try to get to know him at least a little bit. 

	She came out of the lab intent on finding Balar and saying hello.  The 
first person she ran into was Mihoshi who was reading on the couch.  "Oh, 
Ayeka." She said.  "Do you know where Sasami is?"

	Ayeka shook her head.  "No, I don't.  Why do you ask, Miss Mihoshi?"

	Mihoshi burst into tears.  "Oh, no!  Then she's missing!"

	Tenchi and Balar who had been in the kitchen trying to find something to 
eat, came out of the kitchen to explain that Sasami wasn't around.  When Ayeka 
heard that Sasami hadn't fixed lunch, she knew something was wrong.  "We must 
search for her." She decided.  Tenchi and Balar decided to search the woods and 
tell grandfather while Ayeka looked in Sasami's garden and around the house and 
fields.  Mihoshi was told to stay in the house if Sasami came back.

	The three searched for little Sasami but she wasn't found by dinnertime.  
Tenchi had asked why didn't they wait for Washu to come home.  It couldn't be 
anything serious because Tsunami would have come for them.  Ayeka sat on the 
couch and tried not to cry.  

	Balar sat in his customary chair and almost cried himself to see his love 
in such pain.  Oh, Tsunami, why did you make me without any powers? He cried 
inside.  If I was a god, I could find Sasami quickly and Ayeka wouldn't cry.

	But if you're a god then you won't love Ayeka anymore, Tsunami told him.

	Then tell me where she is, Balar asked of her. 

	Tsunami was silent.  If I tell you will you go and get Sasami?  Balar told 
her yes. 

*** 

	Balar crept toward Ryoko's cave.  Squeezing through the opening inside, he 
remembered Tsunami's words of being careful of the slippery slide.  He climbed 
down it carefully and ran to Sasami's prone body.  

Held by his arms, Tsunami touched her chosen and Sasami's head healed.  Together 
the two people climbed out of the cave.  Balar had to help Sasami gain 
footholds, but they made it.  

***

Back at the house, Washu and Ryoko had just gotten back from the conference.  
They walked into the living room to find everyone, except Sasami and Balar, 
waiting for them.  "What's the problem?" Washu asked.

"Sasami is missing." Ayeka said.  "We can't find her." 

Washu summoned her laptop.  "Give me a few minutes and-"

	"Hi, Ayeka!" Sasami said as she ran to her sister.

	"Sasami!" Ayeka cried and held her sister close.  "Where were you?"

	"She was in Ryoko's cave, unconscious." Balar told her.  Ayeka looked into 
his green eyes.  "Thank you," she said softly.

***

	After Sasami had made dinner (she insisted) everyone sat down to watch a 
little TV.  Balar got up halfway through the program and went outside.

	He sat there with his back to the door and looked at the dusky sky filled 
with stars.  He breathed in deep the brisk air filled with the energy of late 
spring.  Ayeka had spoken to him!

	"Hello," came a soft voice from behind him.

	He turned and saw his vision of loveliness.  "May I sit down?" she asked.  
He smiled and nodded.  The two of them stared at the stars together.

	Was everyone surprised about Ayeka's intended?
	
