There isn't any money being made from this story and the characters do not 
belong to me.

The Uncertainty
By kenzie kennedy

	Washu yawned as she sat at her computer in the early morning after 
breakfast.  Her eyes were heavy but still they detected the footsteps of two 
young ladies.  "Ryoko, come here for a minute!" She called.

	Ryoko came floating over.  "Yes?" she said crossly.

	"You didn't think I'd forgotten all about your practicing, had you?" Washu 
said.

	Ryoko rolled her eyes.  "I had hoped."  She looked at her mother, staring 
into her eyes.  "I don't want to do that again."

	Washu sighed.  "Ryoko, you can't kill me and you can't hurt me.  It just 
took a while for the energies to put me back together again."

	"But-"

	"No buts.  Two hours and then I'm going to come and find you." Washu said 
firmly.  Ryoko dragged her feet back to Ayeka and the two went off toward the 
garden.  It was almost completed and would be done today.  

***

	At ten minutes after ten o'clock, Washu sighed.  Telepathically, she 
called, "Ryoko?"

	Ryoko told her mother that she'd be right there.  Another ten minutes went 
by and Washu started toward the garden.  

***

	Standing in the doorway and watching a space pirate and a princess play in 
the mud was certainly amusing, Washu thought.  But it's not brushing up Ryoko's 
skills.

	"Ryoko, dear.  You're twenty minutes late." Washu reminded her daughter.

	Ryoko jumped.  "Oh, Washu, it's you."

	"You've put it off long enough.  Let's go."  Washu looked at Ryoko.

	Ayeka stood and brushed off her apron.  "I'll leave."

	Washu looked at her strangely.  "Why?  You might like to watch."

	"If I wouldn't bother you, I think I'd like that." Ayeka agreed.

***

	In Washu's training area, Ryoko stood defensively and looked at her mother 
with reluctance to begin in her eyes.

	Washu pretended not to notice.  "Since I think you should practice 
conjuring a sword with decorations by yourself, we'll brush up your sword-
fighting techniques today."

	"You didn't teach me that, Kagato did." Ryoko insisted.  "I remember."

	Washu shook her head.  "No, he didn't.  I taught you to defend yourself.  
He taught you to kill.  There is a difference."  Washu looked at her hand and a 
simple energy blade sprang into existence.

	Holding it out in front of her she grinned at her daughter.  "Come on.  
You're more in shape than I am.  You ought to be able to beat me."  Washu 
relaxed and tapped one finger against her chin.  "Though it would be the first 
time...."

	Ryoko did not flinch, she simply engaged her mother in combat.

***

	Ayeka sat in one of the chairs that had appeared.  They really were very 
good.  Ryoko employed a vast variety of jumps, spins, and keep-away techniques.  
Washu concentrated on her speed and agility more than moves.  Ryoko was more 
spontaneous, but Washu still had beaten her throughout the five matches.

	Finally, Washu signaled a stop.  They collapsed into two chairs and 
panted.  "I can't believe I'm this out of shape." Washu said.  

	Ryoko glanced at her in disbelief.  "I'm the one getting beaten out there 
and you say you're out of shape!?"

	Washu grinned at her daughter.  "I used to be able to take both you and 
your double, run you around here for ten minutes, then beat you both, and still 
have the poise to juggle lightbulbs if I wanted to."

	Washu turned to Ayeka.  "So what did you think?"

	Ayeka replied truthfully, "I think you're both splendid at sword-
fighting."

	"Want to go a few rounds?" Ryoko twirled her energy sword in mid-air.

	Ayeka shook her head.  Washu glanced at her.  "Why not, Ayeka?" she asked.

	"Princesses of Jurai are not taught such things." She slowly replied.

	"Why not?" Ryoko asked.

	"The guardians will take care of any intruders and I am proficient enough 
in energy casting." She replied.  "Besides, who would harm a princess of Jurai?"

	"Let's see, Kagato, space pirates, need I go on?" Ryoko said 
sarcastically.

	Washu cleared her throat.  "Ayeka, suppose you were in the middle of a 
battle or something where your guardians were called away.  A person has just 
grabbed a small child and threatened them harm.  What do you do?  You can't 
blast them because you might hurt the child.  Even if you do cast energy at 
their leg and they drop the child, what are you going to do then when his 
friends come through the door?"

	"Another reason," Washu continued, "is that you plan on having children 
someday right?  I don't care what the crime level is or who's report says an 
area is safe, someone will always be trying to hurt you, simply because you are 
the princess.  And people recognize the fact that hurting your children seems to 
do you the greatest damage."  Washu closed her eyes and she suddenly seemed old.  

	When she opened her eyes again, she spoke, "Ayeka, at some point in your 
life you might be your child's last defense.  Do you really want them to be hurt 
because you didn't know how to fight with a sword or at least know some holds to 
get you away?"

	Ayeka shook her head.  

	"Then damn the Juraian custom.  Katsuhito's got two pupils and I can teach 
at least as good as he can.  If Ryoko at the top of her form could give him a 
run for his money, then I know I could."  Washu leaned forward her eyes bright.

	Ayeka nodded.  Washu looked at her with quiet pride.  It took a lot for 
the princess to cast off one of Jurai's customs.

	"Hey, what are we sitting here for?  Let's practice." Ryoko said 
impatiently.  Washu sighed.  

	"You and I will practice, then I'll teach her.  I don't want you and her 
to spar against each other until your powers are more under control and she's 
had a bit more teaching." Washu laid down the rules.

***

	Tenchi walked up the steps to his grandfather's shrine.  Reaching it, he 
was immediately ambushed by his grandfather.  Tenchi got his bokken and the 
practice began.  

***

	An hour later, Katsuhito sat down, tracing designs in the ground with his 
bokken.  "Tenchi, you are not paying attention today, even less than usual.  Is 
something on your mind?"

	Tenchi sat down beside his grandfather.  "I am uncertain, grandfather."

	Katsuhito continued to draw in the ground.  "About what?"

	"My future.  I've graduated high school now.  What do I do now?  I'm not 
really that good at school, but I could go to college anyway.  I could get a 
job..." Tenchi trailed off.

	Katsuhito nodded.  "Ah, yes.  You could go to college, get miserable 
grades, be miserable because you are away from the house.  You could also get a 
job and risk Ryoko causing an "accident."

	Tenchi stared at the ground.  What was he going to do?

	"There is one job you might be suited for." Katsuhito said slowly.

	"What?" Tenchi asked forlornly.

	Katsuhito sat back and put his hands on his knees.  "My mother was telling 
me that she and Misaki would like to have Azusa retire."

	Tenchi jumped up.  "Emperor of Jurai?!  That's the job you think I could 
handle?!"

	"Sit down and listen.  Now, Funaho and Misaki would like to have their 
husband retire.  He has been ruling a long time.  Every time they plan something 
special it is interrupted by a supposed crisis.  If you were to speak to Funaho 
and tell her of your intention to become Emperor, she would leap at the chance."

	"But," Tenchi asked, "won't the emperor be mad?  He doesn't exactly like 
me."

	"I don't think he really got to know you.  He was here for maybe an hour 
and saw you as the man who was trying to win his daughter so he could take the 
throne.  If this idea is presented through his wives as a "train the boy and 
then come into retirement" then he will go for it."

	Katsuhito went on.  "To tell you the truth, Tenchi, he doesn't really like 
me either and I planned to marry his daughter."

	"Wouldn't I have to marry?" Tenchi asked.

	Katsuhito grinned at him.  "Oh-ho!  The idea of marriage is foreign to 
you?  Wait until Washu hears that you are just dallying with her daughter."

	"No, no!  I-" Tenchi stopped.

	"Yes, Tenchi?" Katsuhito said slyly.

	"I don't think we've known each other long enough for me to-" Tenchi 
gestured to relay the idea of marriage to his grandfather.

	Katsuhito nodded sagely.  "You have not known her long enough.  She has 
known you since you were a baby.  You've lived with her for two years and played 
with her while you were small.  Try again."

	"I don't have any way to support her." Tenchi grasped at the straw.

	"You'll be emperor of Jurai and you can't support her?  Try again."

	"Um, I don't know if she'd say yes."

	Katsuhito stared Tenchi in the eyes.  "She's been mooning over you ever 
since you were a baby.  I think she'd say yes."  He turned his attention back to 
the ground and the design.  "Maybe you'll have to ask her."

	Tenchi got up.  "I'd like to think about it, grandfather."

	"Of course, Tenchi.  Ask Washu how to contact your grandmother." Katsuhito 
said, staring at the ground.

***

	Tenchi walked down the shrine steps.  It was a good thing that he knew 
these steps well or he probably would have fallen half a dozen times because he 
was so deep in thought.  A gentle breeze stirred his hair and he swiped it out 
of the way without thinking.

	He thought of becoming Emperor over a planet.  A whole planet.  What if he 
messed up?  What if he offended someone and had to go to war?  He didn't know 
anything about ruling, who does?  Tenchi shrugged.  Not anyone I know.

	He slapped himself on the forehead.  Washu knows!  She's a goddess.  Or 
Ayeka might have some idea.  I can always ask them.  

	That simple problem out of the way, he now came to the really tough 
question.  Ryoko and Marriage.  Marriage and Ryoko.  The two ideas swam through 
his brain.  Tenchi had always seen marriage as something he would know when the 
time was right.  He grinned at himself.  He would know?  A whole flock of alien 
girls living with him and it had taken him two years to figure out which one he 
wanted.  

	But marriage?  Tenchi thought of his lovely Ryoko.  Her cyan hair 
glistening in the moonlight.  Her cuddling up to him on the steps, afraid of the 
darkness.  The sweet kisses they had shared.

	I haven't even told her that I love her yet.

	A look of shock came over his face and his feet stopped.  I love her? He 
thought.  He realized it was true.  "I love Ryoko." He said aloud for the first 
time.  The ripple of shock was still moving through his brain as he started down 
the steps again.

***

	"You're doing well for your first lesson, Ayeka." Washu told her.  They 
were all sitting down under Washu's picnic table.

	Ryoko nodded agreement.  "You'll be able to tackle your brother soon."  
Ryoko winked at Ayeka who smiled in return.

	Washu stood up.  "Well, I think I've kept you girls long enough.  
Sasami'll have lunch ready soon."  They started toward the door.

***

	Washu had been right and Sasami had just been ready to call them for 
lunch.  Tenchi wandered into lunch and sat through the whole meal looking 
bewildered.  Ryoko tried asking him if anything was wrong, but he simply shook 
his head.

***
	
	After lunch, Balar, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi went to the library for more 
of their history lessons.  Ayeka and Balar chose chairs near each other and 
Ryoko was about to do the same when Tenchi said, "Ryoko, won't you sit with me?"

	Ryoko looked at him.  He had sat on the couch and was gesturing for her to 
sit beside him.  Ryoko walked to the couch and sat on the other end.

	The lesson started and everyone paid attention.

	Tenchi kept one ear on the movie and all of his brain on Ryoko.  He loved 
her, but he hadn't told her.  He had thought about marriage before, but not with 
her.  And if he did think about marriage with her, what would she say?

	Tenchi looked out of the corner of his eye at Ryoko.  Her face was riveted 
to the screen.  He hadn't known she liked history so much.  She sat on the other 
end of the couch, legs stretched out along the edge of it.  She had such long 
and delicate legs...

	Tenchi snapped himself out of it.  He bit his lip.  He had meant for her 
to sit beside him.  Gesturing hadn't helped, maybe the direct approach?

	Glancing at her, he returned to his normal way of thinking.  Nope.  Too 
forward.  What if she doesn't like it?

	The yearning to be near her was getting to be too much for him to handle.  
Trying not to disturb Ayeka and Balar, he scooted over on the couch until he was 
on the middle cushion.  He watched the screen for a few minutes, then he crept 
up past Ryoko's legs and laid his head down on her ribs.  Fairly safe area, he 
thought.

***

	Ryoko had watched him move to the second cushion.  She had idly wondered 
what he was up to but just then they had some information on the taking of two 
wives.  She snorted.  She'd never want to share Tenchi with anyone and he had 
better feel the same.  

	Then he had crept up to her, careful not touch her with his hands to lay 
his head on her midsection.  She had stopped breathing for a second.  

	When she started breathing again, she looked at him.  He was very tense as 
if he thought she'd push him away!  Ryoko stopped herself from laughing.  She'd 
been waiting for him to do this.  

	Now if only she wasn't so thirsty!

	Ryoko sighed.  She whispered, "Tenchi, I'm going to get up to get 
something to drink.  I'll be right back."
	
	Oh, no.  Tenchi kept his face from going red.  I moved too soon and she 
didn't like it and now she hates me...  His mind continued to babble at him.  As 
soon as Ryoko was out of the room, he walked back over to his end of the couch.

***

	Ryoko came back in with four glasses of drink and noticed that Tenchi had 
moved back to his side of the couch.  She sighed.  That won't do.

	She gave a glass to everyone and put her glass right beside Tenchi's.  She 
walked up on the sofa, gently shoved him to indicate that she wanted him pressed 
into the corner of the couch, and pillowed her head on his chest.  His arm crept 
around her shoulders and together they watched the history of Jurai.

***

	Ayeka fought to keep the grin off her face.  Romantic comedy in the house 
for our own private enjoyment!  Her eyes crept to Balar and they smiled at each 
other.

***

	In the bath after dinner, Ayeka and Ryoko were talking about the garden 
and how the seeds had sprang into plants when Washu walked in.  

	"Hi, girls!" she chirped and stepped into the bath.

	"Miss Washu, do you know what your daughter has been up to?" Ayeka said 
imperiously.

	"Enlighten me." Washu said conversationally.

	"Your daughter was...cuddling with Lord Tenchi today!  On the couch in the 
library!" Ayeka reported.

	"Oh, and you want me to tell your mothers about how you were Kissing with 
Balar the other day?" Ryoko shot back at her.

	They both shot angry looks at one another and then dissolved into giggles.  
Washu laughed with them.

	"Oh, so my little Ryoko's been cuddling with Tenchi.  Ah, how quickly they 
grow up."  Washu sighed dramatically.

	Ryoko splashed her mother.  As a result, Washu swam under water and tugged 
her daughter under too.  Ryoko retaliated by floating upward.  Washu reversed 
gravity for a few seconds and in a concentrated area and they plunged to the 
bottom of the pool.

	When they surfaced, Washu said, "Truce?"  Ryoko nodded and wiped water out 
of her eyes.

***

	Balar sat in his room after his bath for the night.  He was working on the 
afghan for Ayeka.  Tenchi knocked on the door and came in.

	"What are you doing, Balar?" he asked.

	Balar held up his creation.  "I am making a blanket for Ayeka.  Isn't it 
beautiful?"
	"Yeah, it's hard work, isn't it?" Tenchi asked.  Balar nodded.

	"I wanted to ask if you wanted to help get vegetables out of the garden 
tomorrow before we weed it." Tenchi asked.

	Balar said yes and Tenchi exited the room.

***

After the vegetables had been gathered before breakfast, Tenchi and Balar went 
inside and ate.  Then next came the chores and the sword-fighting practice.  
Tenchi and Balar went inside the lab.

"Balar, do you really want to watch the history today?" Tenchi hesitantly asked.

Balar sighed.  "I'd rather work on my afghan for Ayeka.  But I did start this."

"You don't have to, you know." Washu said behind them.  They turned.

"It's good to take a break sometimes," she continued.  "Ayeka and Ryoko are 
finishing up their garden today."  Washu shook her head.  "I don't know where 
they're going to put it."

"So Balar, you can go work on the afghan.  How many rows have you got now?" she 
asked politely.

"Ten.  Thank you for helping me choose the yarn."

Washu smiled and said, "You're welcome."  Balar left.

"Yes, Tenchi?" she asked, turning to him.

"Could you take me to the house?  I'd like to watch them." Tenchi asked.

***

Washu led the way into the house.  "Ryoko!" she bellowed.

Heavy footsteps thudded across the floor.  "Yeah, Mom!" Ryoko called from the 
balcony.

"Tenchi wants to know if he can come up and see the garden." She called up a 
little quieter.

"Sure, Tenchi, come on up.  We just finished."  Ryoko paused.  "You want to see, 
Washu?"

Washu nodded and the two of them climbed the stairs.  

***

	The garden was lovely.  They had put the ship in the middle of a circle 
and grown flowers around it.  Small flowers like phlox crept over the few rocks 
they had placed in the circle.  Grass waved softly.  Moss had been coaxed to 
grow in small areas on the wings and a little bit on the underside of the nose.  
There was a cascade of flowers rolling out of the doors.  

	"It's beautiful, Ryoko." Tenchi said with love in his eyes.  Ryoko's eyes 
sparkled at the compliment.

	"Ayeka, it's truly a work of art." Washu told her.  "How did you get these 
to grow?"  Ayeka explained while Tenchi and Ryoko gazed at each other.

Washu tapped Ayeka's shoulder and jerked her thumb toward the trellis.  Ayeka 
smiled and they walked out.  Tenchi and Ryoko didn't even notice.  

***

	Ryoko and Tenchi walked out of the room.  She smiled as she tapped the 
button that revealed her garden. 

	Upon seeing it, she immediately blushed.  Oh, no, she thought.  The garden 
desperately needed attention.  The weeds had sprouted again, the water in the 
fountain was growing murky, and while the blossoms had been picturesque while 
they were still fresh, now they were dead and clogging up the grass.

	Ryoko looked longingly at the gloves and gardening tools.  Tenchi followed 
her gaze and grinned.  "Want me to help?" he asked.

	Ryoko nodded gratefully and started toward the gloves.  

***

	Four hours later, Washu called them down for dinner.  The weeding had been 
done, Ryoko had changed the water and raked the blossoms off the ground.  Dinner 
was delicious as usual.  

	After dinner, Ryoko disappeared.  Ayeka and Balar went to watch TV with 
Mihoshi and Sasami.  Tenchi walked outside.

	He looked to the right and the left and then sighed as he looked up and 
saw no Ryoko.  Where had she gone?  "Ryoko," he called.
	
	Ryoko immediately looked to where Tenchi was calling her.  She half smiled 
wistfully at him.  Phasing from the roof to where he stood, she appeared in 
front of him and said, "Yes, Tenchi?"

	"Oh, there you are, Ryoko.  I missed you." Tenchi said to her.  Her eyes 
sparkled with the knowledge that he actually wanted to be around her.  

	He continued to speak.  "Where were you?"

	Ryoko pointed to the roof.  Tenchi nodded.  "The stars are so bright." She 
said to him. 

	Laying one hand on his arm, she phased them to the roof.  They stood on 
the roof looking at the stars.  "They symbolize freedom to me.  I always wanted 
to go where I wanted to, not be led by Kagato."  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi.  "Of 
course, Earth's okay too.  For a backwater planet ruled by a goddess that no 
one's ever heard of."

	Washu's voice told her in her mind, "I heard that!" and disappeared again.

	"Did Washu just speak to you?" Tenchi asked.  Ryoko nodded.  "You get a 
certain look on your face.  Far off, yet listening."

	Tenchi suddenly got a far off look in his eyes, too.  "You are so 
beautiful." He whispered to her.

	Ryoko almost fell off the roof.  She stared at him in shock.  "Warn me 
before you're going to say things like that!"

	"Okay, consider yourself warned." Tenchi said impudently.

	Ryoko tilted her head and her eyes sparkled with mischief.  "So, what are 
you going to say now?" she purred.

	Tenchi gazed into her golden eyes and said softly, "I love you."

	Ryoko looked like she had been hit in the back of the head with a board.  
"What?" she whispered.

	"I love you." Tenchi repeated.

	Ryoko nodded slowly.  "That's what I thought you said."  Her eyes stared 
piercingly into his.  "Are you sure?"

	Tenchi looked exasperated.  "Yes, of course I'm sure."

	"I mean are you really really sure?" Ryoko wanted to make sure that he was 
sure before she said that she loved him because if he wasn't sure she was going 
to have to go away very quickly.

	"Yes, Ryoko.  I am very very very sure that I love you!" Tenchi said 
loudly.

	Ryoko grinned at him.  "Then I love you, too."  She crossed her legs and 
stared at him saucily.  "So what is that you love about me?"

	Tenchi crossed his arms over his chest.  "I'm pretty sure it's not your 
trust in me."

	Ryoko pouted.  "What do you mean I don't trust you?  I just wanted you to 
be able to back out of it like you usually do."

	Tenchi's eyes narrowed.  Leaning over, he stopped Ryoko's mouth with a 
kiss.  

***

	Washu sensed something from the link.  Extreme joy.  She stopped herself 
from finding out what it was.  She grinned.  I'll let her tell me what's going 
on, instead of prying.
