
	Tenchi hesitantly stepped into Washu's lab.  It was long before breakfast.  
No one else was up.  He wondered idly if he would be disturbing Washu, but he 
reasoned that she always seemed to be up.
	"Little Washu?" he called.

	Washu opened her eyes sluggishly.  What was that beeping sound?  She 
hadn't set an alarm in years.  Her eyes went to the bedside table and found that 
someone was in her lab.  Washu dropped back asleep.
	The beeping was more awake, though.
	With a growl, Washu threw back the covers of her bed, slipped her robe on 
her shoulders, and padded off down the hall.

	"Tenchi?" 
	Tenchi turned around to find a wild-haired Washu in nothing but a 
bathrobe.  "uh, uh," he stammered.
	"I'd like to get back to sleep sometime today, Tenchi." Washu yawned.
	"I wondered if you could let me use your phone." Tenchi asked.
	Washu looked at him confused.  "You'll have to spell it out for me, 
Tenchi.  At least this early in the morning."
	"I want to talk to Funaho." Tenchi requested.
	Washu looked at him again, even more confused.  "Then go out and talk to 
the tree."
	"No, I mean my grandmother." Tenchi clarified.
	"Oh."  Washu padded off with Tenchi following her.  She led him to the 
library and hit a few keys on one of the computers sluggishly.  
	"Pretty soon now..." Washu said.
	A face appeared.  "This is the Royal Palace.  How did you get this 
number?"
	"Never mind how I got it.  Get Lady Funaho.  She'll deal with this." Washu 
told him bluntly.
	"But, you can't just-" the face protested.
	"Tenchi, show him the Master Key." Washu pointed at it.  Tenchi pulled it 
out and the face's eyes went wide.  
	"Of-of course!  I'll get her right away!" the face disappeared.
	
	A few moments later, the Lady Funaho came on the screen.  "Yes, Tenchi?" 
she said calmly.  "Is something wrong?"
	Washu gave him the OK sign and walked out of the library, her robe flowing 
out behind her.
	"No, everything's fine."  Tenchi hesitated.
	"You just wanted to talk, then, is that right?" Funaho settled herself in 
the chair the face had vacated.
	Tenchi nodded.  Funaho hid a smile.  So shy her grandson was.
	"So what did you wish to talk about?" Funaho asked.
	Tenchi took a great breath of air into his lungs and said, "I had a talk 
with grandfather."
	"Yosho.  Yes, what did he have to say?"  Funaho was sure that she would 
get to the bottom of this talk at some point.
	"I asked him what I was supposed to do now that I've completed my required 
schooling on Earth."  Tenchi hung his head.  "I'm not very good at school, but I 
suggested that I could either go to further school, college, or I could get a 
job.  He said I'd hate being away from home at college and if I got a job, Ryoko 
might-"
	"Yes, Ryoko is a little high-strung where you're concerned." Funaho hid a 
small grin.  High-strung was an understatement.
	"He suggested that I talk to you." Tenchi said.
	"About what?  There are lots of things my son could tell you to talk to me 
about."  Funaho leaned forward.
	Tenchi swallowed.  "He said to ask you about my becoming Emperor."
	Funaho visibly showed shock.  "Emperor?" she said, making sure she had 
heard him right.
	"My grandfather said that Azusa has been ruling a long time and that you 
and Lady Misaki have been wanting him to retire so you could spend some time 
with him.  He said if you presented it as training me and then retiring, it 
might work."
	Funaho sat quietly and thought about this.  Azusa retiring?  Her heart and 
her sister's longed for more time with their husband, it was true.  The amount 
of training Tenchi would have to go through would be enormous.  But if it could 
be done...
	"I will try.  I'll discuss this with Misaki and see if it could work."  
Funaho leaned back in the chair.  "So what else is going on in the house?"
	Tenchi relaxed when his grandmother relaxed.  "Well, grandfather says that 
I'm doing better with my swordsmanship.  Sasami's cooking is better than ever.  
Ayeka and Ryoko aren't fighting anymore."
	"I thought those two would never stop.  How did you manage it?" Funaho 
asked.
	Tenchi looked everywhere but at his grandmother.  "I chose Ryoko."
	Funaho looked at him surprised but proud.  "I think Ryoko would make a 
lovely queen for you if you choose that direction."
	"Do you really think so?" Tenchi asked eagerly.  Funaho laughed.
	"Of course.  She's bright, lovely, and is very protective of you." Funaho 
assured him.  "I'll have to go and speak with Misaki now, but feel free to call 
whenever you wish."  The call ended and Tenchi went back to the house.

	Later, Washu finally woke back up and wondered why Tenchi wanted to speak 
with his grandmother.  She resolved to find out later.  Now, she grinned, was 
time to wake Ryoko up.
	Getting into her slippers and robe, she padded her way up to Ryoko's room.  
She sighed seeing her lovely daughter, cyan hair all over the pillow.  
	Ryoko's nose twitched and she opened her eyes.  Washu smiled at her and 
walked over to sit on the edge of the bed.  "Did you sleep well?" she asked 
softly.
	Ryoko nodded sleepily.  "Is this going to be a habit?" she asked.  Washu 
nodded.  Ryoko slumped back into her pillow.  "I knew it.  To be greeted by you 
every morning."
	"Not every morning, Ryoko.  Just the ones that I don't immediately have 
something to do or wake up late or something like that."  Washu looked at her 
daughter.  "Now what exactly happened at approximately six thirty last night?"
	"Huh?" Ryoko said intelligently.
	"Something happened to you last night.  Joy ran through the link, now what 
was it?" Washu fixed a glare on her daughter.
	"Don't you already know?" Ryoko grumbled.
	Washu rolled her eyes.  "If I already knew, why would I ask?  Through 
great restraint I didn't peek."
	Ryoko grinned at her mother.  "So you don't know?"
	Washu growled.  "No, I don't."
	"You really want to know?" Ryoko said in a wheedling voice.
	"Yes!" Washu shouted.
	"I'm not going to tell you." Ryoko announced and slid out of the bed.
	Washu stood up and stamped her feet.  "I'm your mother.  Tell me!"
	Ryoko slipped into her clothes she had retrieved from the closet.  "Why?"
	"Because I'm your mother and I love you.  Now tell me!" Washu demanded.
	"Geez, that's the second time in twenty-four hours." Ryoko said shocked.
	"Second time what?" Washu analyzed the data.  She gasped and her eyes went 
wide.  "Tenchi told you that he loves you?!"
	Ryoko threw a beaming grin over her shoulder and walked downstairs.

	After breakfast, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washu went off to the lab for more 
practice.  Tenchi and Balar went out to the fields to weed the carrots.  Sasami 
and Mihoshi sat down to play checkers.

	Right after lunch, the four again went to their study session.  Before the 
video started, they all got settled.  Tenchi and Ryoko resumed their position 
from last time.  Ayeka and Balar snagged another couch and Ayeka leaned on him.  
	"Poor Ayeka," Ryoko whispered to Tenchi.  "Washu really ran her around.  
I'll bet she's got bruises in places she didn't know she had."  Tenchi nodded.

	Washu was struggling with a problem on the plating on a ship.  She 
summoned her laptop and changed the weather.  The gentle patter of rain filled 
her ears and soothed her nerves.  She began again.

	Halfway through the film, a thunderclap woke Ayeka from where she had 
fallen asleep.  She yelped and clutched Balar.  He stroked her hair and told her 
that it was only thunder.
	Ryoko looked fascinated out the window in the library.  It had been sunny 
and now it was rainy with thunder and lightning.  Tenchi whispered softly to 
her, "I wish you'd be afraid of lightning so I could hold you like that."
	Ryoko looked at him in disbelief.  "You want me to be afraid of noise?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "It would be nice to have you want protection from me."
	Ryoko glanced at the storm.  Another thunderclap happened.  "Oh, Tenchi, 
hold me!" she yelled and clutched him.
	Tenchi couldn't stop laughing.  "I think you're better off as you are, 
Ryoko."  He looked into her eyes.  "My Ryoko."
	Ryoko and Tenchi stared at each other until a finger of lightning caught 
Ryoko's attention.  Threads of light sprang from her hands in a perfect replica 
of the lightning.  
	She stared at her hands after the lightning had left.  "I've never been 
able to do that before.  Only huge threads of energy."
	"You'll have to ask Washu." Tenchi kissed the top of her head.  "After the 
video."

	"So what's wrong with me?" Ryoko asked Washu.
	Washu had simply looked at her and said she knew what was going on.  She 
sighed.  "I said that the new gems would give you more precision, right?  Well, 
congratulations, you just figured it out for yourself."
	Ryoko looked at her hands warily.  "So I can do that sword with the 
decorations now?"
	Washu shrugged.  "Won't know until you try."
	Ryoko tried but still a red stick for a sword.  Washu grinned.  "My little 
Ryoko, do you really want a flashy sword with all kinds of doo-dads on it?"  
Ryoko wrinkled her nose and shook her head.  "Then that's why you can't conjure 
it.  You don't want it."
	Washu turned back to her computer.  Ryoko phased off.  

	At dinner, Ayeka asked about the storm.  "Is something wrong with your 
lab, Miss Washu?" she asked.
	Washu shook her head.  "Usually I keep it bright and sunny to stimulate 
the positive feelings.  But today I wanted some rain.  Don't you find it 
soothing, Miss Ayeka?"
	Ayeka looked pained.  "When it doesn't include thunder."  Washu chuckled.

	That night, Ryoko went to bed early.  Those "practice sessions" with Washu 
are really tiring me out.  She yawned.  Slipping into her pink nightie, she 
climbed into bed.

	Ryoko sat bolt upright in bed, heart racing and her blood pounding in her 
veins.  She had been under the control of Kagato again and he was about to-  
Ryoko hid her face.  Why was she dreaming that?  Kagato had never been the 
slightest bit interested in that sort of degrading behavior.  Sex brings 
emotions out and that he never wanted from her.
	The dark seemed to close in on her.  Her friendly room that she had been 
over so many times seemed evil to her.  What was that shadow?  A minion of 
Kagato's or her jewelry case?  Tears started to form in her eyes.  
	She threw back the covers and ran down the hall.  Tripping over a few of 
the steps, she rounded the corner and knocked on Washu's door.  "Mom?" she 
called softly.  "Are you awake?"
	Ryoko heard a slight stirring inside the room, then the rustle of 
material, and two feet on the floor.  They stumbled to the door and Washu opened 
the door, blearily looking out.  "Ryoko?" she said half-asleep.  "What's wrong?"
	"I had a nightmare." Ryoko confessed.
	In the age-old practice of mothers, Washu opened the door and Ryoko walked 
past her.  Washu followed Ryoko into bed and they both slept.

	Breathing hard, Ryoko woke an hour later with the same nightmare.  Her 
mother was startled awake.  "Ryoko?" she murmured.
	"I had another nightmare.  I don't want to go to sleep." Ryoko told her.  
She crept out of bed.  
	Just as she was creeping along the living room and starting to go up the 
stairs, she heard her mother say, "Wait."  Ryoko turned back around and looked 
into the living room.
	Washu stood there with her hair everywhere, robe thrown hastily over her 
nightgown.  Her eyes were open, but she looked half-asleep.  "Let's stay up 
together." Washu suggested.
	Ryoko nodded and started toward her mother.  Washu walked into the kitchen 
and pulled a jug of cold water out of the refrigerator.  She took a glass down 
from the cupboard and filled it with water.  She left the jug sitting out and 
grasped the canister of leaves.  Putting a small scoop in the water and stirring 
it, she sipped it.  Then she tipped the cup back and drank the whole concoction.
	Her eyes flew open and Ryoko could see the intelligence and vast 
information struggling to be first in Washu's eyes.  Blinking her eyes, Washu 
chose the information that she needed for the day and settled down on a stool.  
"Want a cup?" she offered. 
	Ryoko shook her head.  "What is it?" she asked.
	"Wake-me-up tea.  My special blend.  Guaranteed to wake you up in 30 
seconds or less.  I made it when I had students waking me up in the middle of 
the night on a frequent basis.  Then you came along and I made a bigger supply." 
Washu grinned.  Her face fell as she looked at the clock.  "But I am going to 
sleep well tomorrow night."  Washu drew a great breath.  "Three o'clock in the 
morning.  Ah, well.  What was your nightmare about?"
	Ryoko looked at the floor.  "Kagato was-"  She looked pleadingly at her 
mother.
	Washu looked back, looking wise.  She fixed her eyes on her daughter and 
opened the link.  The dream filtered through the mind passages and Washu jerked 
back in distaste. 
	She looked at her daughter.  "He didn't do that to you." She said with 
absolute firmness.  Ryoko shook her head.  "Then why do you dream of it?"
	Ryoko shrugged.  "I don't know."
	"Is it because you've never and you're concerned about Tenchi's feelings?" 
Washu said gently.
	Ryoko's head came up and looked at Washu accusingly.
	Washu held up her hands.  "You transmitted it.  I didn't ask for it or go 
poking about for it."  Washu stepped off the stool, walked to the sink, and 
washed the glass.  She then took another one down and went to the refrigerator.  
She filled her glass with tangerine juice.  "Ryoko, apple, grape, tangerine, or 
water?"
	"Grape." Ryoko said not thinking about it.  "Do you think that's what I'm 
worried about?"
	Washu set the cups down.  "I don't know.  That's what you told me.  You 
might believe something totally different."  She sipped her tangerine juice.  
"These Earth juices are very good.  But I wouldn't worry about it if I were 
you."
	"The juice?" Ryoko said.  At Washu's look, she corrected herself.  "Why 
not?  He'll expect me to know everything."
	Washu chuckled.  "I think he'd be pleased anyway.  He doesn't strike me as 
the jealous type, but you never know.  To think that you'd been with other men 
before might make him more cautious."  Washu sat the cup down.  "But if you want 
to study up on the subject there are plenty of videos and books around."  Washu 
looked into her cup.  "I don't have any of course, but I've been wanting to go 
on a book/movie expedition for a while."
	Ryoko looked at her mother.  "No."
	Washu looked up.  "What's wrong?  Don't like books?"
	Ryoko shook her head.  "The Space Pirate Ryoko might go into a gardening 
store and buy seeds and a hose, but she is not going into a store to buy-"
	Washu chuckled at her daughter's expression.  "Ah, so that 15-year-old's a 
little shy in there, isn't she?"
	Ryoko dropped the Space Pirate routine and fell back.  "Mooo-Ommmm!" she 
whined.
	Washu laughed out loud.  Sniffing and opening her eyes wide so the tears 
didn't spill out, she held her chest and said, "Oh, I never thought I'd hear 
that again!"
	Ryoko crossed her arms over her chest.  "Yeah, well, I bet you didn't know 
anything, either."
	"You're right.  I didn't." Washu told her.  "And neither did my first 
boyfriend.  We had a fun time anyway figuring it out."  She sipped her drink 
again.  "And you and Tenchi will too." 
	"Did you want me to put you in a trance?  You'll sleep, but not dream." 
Washu offered.  Ryoko nodded.

	In the morning, Washu jogged her daughter out of the trance.  Once 
breakfast was over, Ayeka and Ryoko had another lesson with Washu.  Tenchi and 
Balar had lessons with Katsuhito.  Then all four of them went on to study the 
customs of Jurai with Ayeka illustrating some of them.  The history and customs 
were pared down to a bare minimum so they could absorb the basics.  
	Washu ventured in a few moments after it ended for the day and said she 
had a surprise for them.  A portal opened when she snapped her fingers.  "I 
found a small beach.  Out of the way, no one goes there because they can't get 
to it.  I thought that you four could try it out first and then we'll take the 
whole family in a couple days."
	"Is it on this planet?" Tenchi asked.  Washu nodded.
	"Now, I packed you a picnic basket."  Washu pointed to the first basket 
she had carried in.  Pointing to the second, "This one is filled with lotion, 
bathing suits and trunks, some extra toys, etc.  Have fun!"  Washu waved as she 
exited the room.
	Ayeka and Ryoko looked at each other and grinned.  Each of them grabbed a 
basket and walked through the portal.  Balar and Tenchi shrugged and followed.

	The portal opened into a gorgeous beach.  The sun shone warmly.  The water 
was bluer than blue, the white foam cascading down on the beach.  A huge rock 
stood at the water's edge on the sand.  The walls around the beach were sheer 
cliffs.  Driftwood was stacked haphazardly against the walls where it had been 
thrown.  The sand near the water was dark brown with wetness and the sand higher 
up was a pale gold.
	Ayeka and Ryoko had opened up both sides of the second basket and were 
looking at what was inside.  Ryoko's suit was a soft red color and Ayeka's was 
lavender.  Two pairs of trunks were laid beside the basket while the girls went 
further in their discoveries.  The two ladies discovered a tower of buckets and 
little plastic shovels, two different kinds of lotion, four beach towels, two 
umbrellas, four collapsible chairs, a screen to change behind, a package of 
pills, a note, and a stick with a button on it. The note said to press the 
button when they wanted to come home and to take as long as they wanted.  It 
also listed directions for the pills.  The blue one was to be dropped in the 
water immediately.  Washu said it would ward off sharks and other unpleasant 
things.  The others were for medical emergencies that Washu listed.
	Ayeka and Ryoko claimed the screen first.  When they stepped out the eyes 
of the guys appreciated them.  The guys changed into their trunks while the 
girls were behind the curtain and they all ran into the surf.  
	Ryoko flew underwater as quickly as through the air above it.  Balar only 
went in as far as his chest, remembering what Washu had said about oxygen and 
breathing.  Tenchi knew slightly how to swim, but preferred the shore.  Ayeka 
swam beautifully and played games with Ryoko.  
	Balar and Tenchi went to the beach after enjoying the water for a bit.  
They made a huge pile of sand and made that into an elaborate castle.  Ayeka and 
Ryoko admired it and then unpacked the first basket.  There was fried chicken, 
tuna sandwiches, chicken sandwiches, rice, and cookies.  They all ate and then 
relaxed in the sun.

	As the sun was going down, Balar and Ayeka watched the sun set from the 
beach under their umbrella.  "It's beautiful," Ayeka whispered.
	Balar whispered back, "Not as beautiful as you are."  Ayeka blushed 
prettily.

	Ryoko had flown Tenchi and her up to the tall rock and was watching the 
tide come in as well as the sun setting.  "I love you," Ryoko whispered.
	Tenchi looked at her with glowing eyes.  "I love you, too."  
