No part of this story is being made for money.  This story is made from non-
toxic materials.  These characters do not belong to me.

The Answers
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Washu opened one eye, looked at the clock, and closed it again.  When the 
beeping didn't stop, she growled at it.  It was not intimidated.  She sighed, 
slapped the beep off, and shrugged into her robe and slippers.

	She padded downstairs and switched on the television.  "Yes?" she said 
grumpily.

	"Little Washu?" came a pleasant voice.

	The picture popped up a second later and Washu recognized Lady Funaho.  
"Yes, Lady?"

	"Would Tenchi be available?" she asked.

	Washu blinked at her.  Looking defeated she told the lady, "I thought I 
was through getting up at three o'clock at night when Ryoko came off the bottle.  
I can go get him if you'd like to wait about twenty minutes."

	Lady Funaho nodded and Washu walked off.

***

	Washu opened the lab door to the Masaki house and went up the stairs.  She 
slid Tenchi's door open and walked to his bed.  Reaching one hand out, she shook 
him until he woke up.

	"Little Washu?" he spoke.  He realized who he was speaking to and clutched 
the sheet to his chest.

	"Lady Funaho wants to speak with you." Washu told him.  "Get some clothes 
on."  Washu walked out of the room.

	When Tenchi came out, yawning but fully dressed, Washu was waiting.

***

	They entered the house and Lady Funaho smiled at her grandson.  Washu went 
directly to the kitchen.  Tenchi sat down in one of the chairs and prepared to 
listen to his grandmother.

	"Tenchi, to put you out of your misery, yes, Misaki and I have spoken to 
the Emperor and he has whole-heartedly agreed to it."  Lady Funaho smiled.  
"You'll come to Jurai to be schooled in ruling and-"

	"Lady, if I may interrupt.  I think that Tenchi would learn better if he 
was first shown videos and maybe some books.  He has already started history and 
customs of Jurai." Washu put in.  She handed Tenchi a half-full cup.  "Drink 
this," she whispered.

	Tenchi drank while Washu continued.  "I believe that at this point it 
would be worse for Tenchi to go to Jurai to learn.  He has sword-fighting 
lessons with your son that cannot be missed.  He's also doing very well in his 
studies here."

	Tenchi could feel himself come awake.  He looked at Washu.  She winked at 
him. 
 
	"But he must meet the nobles and see certain things in action." Funaho 
said.

	Washu nodded.  "Would he make better impressions being green and untaught 
on the nobles and the other "certain things" or by knowing the customs and the 
people before he meets them?"  Funaho considered this.  

	Washu continued.  "I propose that we continue as the things are at the 
present.  When a specific thing comes up that coincides with the material, then 
we could arrange for Tenchi to be there."  Funaho nodded.

	"It could work that way, Washu.  My sister and I aren't expecting Tenchi 
to be able to take over Jurai tomorrow."  The ladies both laughed.  "I will 
transmit videos tomorrow for you to learn, Tenchi."

	"I can pick them up later today." Washu offered.  Lady Funaho nodded and 
disappeared.

	"What just happened?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu looked at him.  "You're going to be the Emperor of Jurai."

***

	Washu looked sadly at the collapsed heap on the floor.  She sighed 
heavily.  Picking him up, she debated her guestroom or Ryoko's.  Grinning, she 
started up the stairs.  After all, I am the Goddess of Chaos...

***

	After scooting Tenchi under the covers of Ryoko's spare room, Washu could 
feel her eyelids coming down.  Well, she thought, what do you expect after only 
half a cup?  She tottled off toward bed.

***

	Ryoko opened her eyes to see Washu peering at her.  "Gahhh!" she said, 
scrambling back in the bed.

	"Oh, so you're finally awake.  I'm going to go fix breakfast now."  Washu 
leaped up and scampered off towards the door.  Before she left, she paused and 
said, "Oh, you have a present in your guest room."  Giggling, she left.

	Ryoko got dressed quickly and went to the room next door.  She opened the 
door enthusiastically (which means it bounced off the wall) and looked into the 
room.

	Her face fell and her eyes almost popped out of her head.

	There, in the bed, was Tenchi.  Mouth open, drooling on the pillow, arms 
and legs everywhere.

	Ryoko thought it was the most adorable sight she had ever seen.  She 
grinned.  Well, she was the daughter of the goddess of chaos, wasn't she?

	She leapt into the air and hovered above him.  "Tenchi..." she said 
softly.

	He stirred.  

	"Tenchi." She whispered.

	His eyes came open and he stared directly into hers.  "Ahh!" he screamed.  
"I thought you weren't going to do this anymore!"  He looked around.  "Where am 
I?!"

	"You're in my guest bedroom.  Although," she tapped a finger against her 
cheek, "I don't know how you got here."

	Tenchi, scrambling in the knowledge that she shouldn't know about last 
night's call just yet, stopped her mouth with a kiss.  Ryoko was so surprised 
she just kissed him back.  

	As the kiss ended, Ryoko gave him a sultry look and rubbed his arm 
lightly.  "Say, Tenchi-" Ryoko started to say something lascivious.

	"Breakfast!" Washu called.

***

	Washu, Ryoko, and Tenchi came out of the lab an hour later.  Ayeka, who 
was in the living room, politely asked, "Tenchi, we didn't see you at 
breakfast."

	"Oh, that."  Washu waved a hand.  "I invited him for an early breakfast in 
the lab."  Ayeka nodded and continued on to the laundry room.  Ryoko followed 
her.

***

	Tenchi jogged out to the fields where Balar was hard at work.  After the 
fields were done early, the two went up to the shrine.  

***

	Many bruises later, Balar limped down the steps.  Tenchi remained behind 
to talk with his grandfather.

	Sitting on the steps, Tenchi's grandfather digested the new material.  
"Hmmm.  Maybe I should go speak with mother soon."  Looking very wise, he asked, 
"So Tenchi, now that you are able to support Ryoko, what next?"

	Tenchi rubbed the edge of his foot along the ground.  "I'm not emperor 
yet, grandfather."

	"Ah." His grandfather said, nodding.  "You do not know then."

	"Don't know what?" Tenchi asked, knowing that his grandfather was stingy 
with his secrets.

	"Where does Ayeka get her money?" he asked.  Tenchi shrugged.

	"Princesses and princes are given money.  They are royalty and are not 
meant to work except at one specific job.  This is regulated by the queens and 
not the emperors."  He looked slyly at his grandson.  "So you see, you do have 
all of what you will need.  Your father or Washu can build you a house, you'll 
have plenty of money, and a good job to go along with it."

	"Besides," he continued, "Ryoko and you could always take the pirates 
life."

	"Grandpa!" Tenchi said.  He calmed down and thought for a moment.  "So why 
are you pushing me so hard?"

	His grandfather grinned.  "I'm your grandfather.  I'd like to see you 
married before I die."  Tenchi sighed.

***

	Washu found the girls coming out of the laundry room.  "Practice, young 
ladies."  She twirled her energy blade around and stalked toward Ryoko.

	Ryoko grinned.  She leapt into the air and came down behind Washu, 
swinging her energy sword in a wide arc.

	Washu had already gotten out of the way and was launching her counter 
attack.  Ayeka walked calmly around the pair and sat on the couch to watch.

***

	"Lunchtime!" Sasami called into the living room.  "Oh!" she said watching 
Washu and Ryoko fighting.  

	Washu turned her head and said to Sasami, "We'll be right there."  Turning 
back to her daughter, she grinned.  "This."  Washu's sword slashed at Ryoko 
heavily.  "Stops."  Ryoko was forced to back into a corner.  "Now!"  Washu's 
sword refused to hold Ryoko's up anymore and Washu disintegrated it.  Ryoko's 
sword slashed into Washu.

	Ryoko's eyes went wide and her sword disappeared.

	Washu grinned at her.  "Yes, I'm fully aware I have a hole where my heart 
should be."  She closed her eyes and pressed her hands over her heart.  "But I 
no longer have any holes in my heart."  Her hands fluttered to her sides and the 
hole was gone.  "Now, Sasami, I believe you said it was lunchtime." Washu walked 
off toward the kitchen.

***

	Tenchi started to say, "What are we watching today?"  

	Washu interrupted him.  "Nope.  No studying today.  Ryoko and I are going 
somewhere."  

	"We are?" Ryoko asked.

	Taking a bite of rice, Washu nodded.  "I'm in the mood for shopping."

	Mentally Washu said, "I bet Balar and Ayeka would like some time alone, 
Ryoko.  Tenchi loves being around you, but I think he'd like to think for a bit.  
Trust me."

	Ryoko nodded reluctantly.

***

	Washu and Ryoko stepped into the lab and began walking.  "Where are we 
going?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu shrugged.  "I don't know.  You just started walking into the lab 
like you expected me to go from there.  I can open the portal anywhere."

	Ryoko stopped.  Washu grinned and a portal opened five feet in front of 
them.  Washu walked calmly through with Ryoko following her.

***

	"Yamo!" Washu called into the building.

	A gray-haired head poked out of the stacks from very high up.  "Yes?" he 
said.  He saw who it was and yelled out, "Washu!"  He climbed quickly down the 
ladder and ran over to her giving her a hug.

	Washu hugged him back.  Yamo was such an old friend.  They separated from 
the hug and Washu's eyes found Ryoko slightly backed away from their 
involvement.  Washu grinned.  The old Ryoko would have been sassy and sarcastic.  

	Washu turned back to Yamo.  "It's been a long while, but do you remember 
my daughter Ryoko?"

	Yamo looked at Ryoko as if seeing her for the first time.  A slow smile 
came over his face.  He ducked past Washu and grabbed Ryoko.

	Washu had to fight her laughter.  Ryoko stood there with an old man 
wrapped around her waist looking for all the world like she'd been told that the 
moon really was made of cheese.  

	Ryoko gingerly gave the man a slight squeeze and started to move away.  
The man stood in front of her and Washu moved to stand with them.  "I knew that 
something had happened to you and all those ghastly rumors weren't true.  No one 
who had known you when you were with Washu could believe that."  He tapped his 
chin.  "Although, no one knew where Washu had gotten off to and that could have 
driven-"

	"Old memories, best forgotten, old friend." Washu clapped him on the back.  
"We're not here for talk, but books."

	"Ah!" the man said.  "Do you remember about 7,000 years ago you were 
interested in the Hamani culture?  Well, I just got in the second book to 
complete the set!"

	Washu's eyes went wide and she started to follow him to the book.  
Catching sight of Ryoko glancing around hesitantly, she stopped Yamo.  "Yamo, 
where are the gardening books?" Washu asked.

	"Right where they've always been.  Sixth shelf to the right, Ryoko." He 
called out.  Ryoko phased over.  Washu and Yamo continued on their way.

***

	Ryoko's eyes widened.  Thousands of books all on various types of 
gardening and flowers!  She flipped through at least a dozen and reluctantly put 
them back.  She thought to herself, "I have the money for it, but where would I 
put them?"

***

	Washu walked by and saw that Ryoko didn't have a stack of books yet.  
Frowning, she asked, "Didn't you find anything, my little Ryoko?"

	Ryoko turned around.  "Sure, but-"

	Washu looked at her daughter.  "I come here at least once a decade and go 
home with at least two thousand books.  That's excepting the 15 years I had you 
and the 10 of those years you really started reading actively.  The last time we 
were here, you were fifteen and we went home with over five thousand books.  I 
had to expand the library then and I expect to have to do it tomorrow too."  She 
inclined her head toward the bookshelves.  "Yamo knows by now that we'll put all 
the books on the floor.  They'd make his desk fall in if we piled them there."  
Washu pointed and then left to find a particular map she'd been wanting for the 
last nine years.

	Ryoko turned back to the stacks and thought, "Five thousand?"  She 
grinned.  "Better get started."  The books started to pile up on the floor.

***

	After the gardening section had been obliterated, Ryoko wandered around 
the store.  Books from all the cultures were here.  Ryoko browsed through the 
science fiction, romance (she wrinkled her nose at some of the alien beings on 
the covers), fiction, historical books, technology, comic books, etc.  She 
couldn't remember what Washu had in her library already, so every book she 
thought was interesting, she had to find Washu to ask her.  About half the books 
Ryoko thought were interesting were already in the library.

	Washu finally wound up her shopping spree and Yamo spent the next three 
hours totaling up the books.  Washu told him at the beginning that they'd be 
back for the books.  He winked and told them not to run away too far.

***

	Washu's portal let them out into a dark alley.  Ryoko's eyes adjusted 
quickly and she scanned around.  "Don't worry, there's no one here." Washu 
assured her.

	"Where are we?" Ryoko asked.

	"Heading to a bookstore somewhere in Japan.  I thought we'd like some 
native reading." Washu headed off.

***

	Washu and Ryoko spent entirely too much on romance novels, historical 
volumes of Earth, and Washu had to laugh at their technology section.  They were 
just about to walk through the portal, when Washu slapped her forehead.  "I 
forgot.  I have to pick up Tenchi's videos from Lady Funaho."  She swiftly 
changed the portal's destination and the two ladies headed for Jurai.

***

	Washu's portal had landed them inside the palace.  Washu spotted a guard 
and immediately trotted up to him.  "Can you tell me where Lady Funaho is?" she 
asked.

	The guard looked at her and asked, "How did you get in here?"  His hand 
crept to his pistol.

	"Hey, we just want to see her to get something." Ryoko objected.

	The guard looked at her.  "The Space Pirate Ryoko!" he yelled and drew his 
pistol and pointed it at her.

	Ryoko sighed and put her hands on her hips.  "Look, I don't do that 
anymore.  We just want to see Lady Funaho."

	"No!  You shall not assassinate one of the Queens!" the young guard 
yelled.  A troop of guards came around the corner.

	Washu heaved a sigh and shouted into a small wrist-communicator, "Lady 
Funaho, will you please come to the place in the palace where the tiles are red 
and white speckled, there's a door here that says Tretaine room, does that give 
you a clue?"

	"Yes, it does, Washu." Lady Funaho smiled at her.  "You may go." She told 
the troop of guards.

	She directed a powerful gaze on the young guard.  "Ryoko is not a space 
pirate any longer.  You have heard the newscasts.  Kagato was her master, she 
the slave.  Her crimes are not hers, but his.  Is that clear?"  He nodded.

	"Now, Lady Washu, you've come to pick up the tapes?" she asked.

***

	The three ladies walked back to Funaho's chambers where she had put the 
videos.  "Washu, I'm so glad you and your daughter came to visit even if it was 
to pick up something.  The general populace must know that Ryoko is not to 
blame.  I'm at a loss to know exactly how to calm them."

	Washu sighed.  "So am I, Funaho.  That little episode would be common if 
she walked around."

	"Why can't I?" Ryoko asked.  Both ladies turned and looked at her.  "If 
I'm just calmly walking around, minding my own business, wouldn't that show that 
I meant no harm?"

	"It's not that simple, Ryoko." Washu tried to tell her.  "You could be 
hurt."

	"Do you like having people afraid of you?" Ryoko asked her mother.  
Washu's shoulders dropped.

	"No, I don't.  I also don't like having my daughter hurt.  Maybe directly 
after one of the tapes is run about Kagato is to blame not you, then we could 
take a stroll around Jurai." Washu compromised.

	Lady Funaho watched this.  "I think it might be a good idea.  We'll have 
to talk and set that up." 

	They continued to the Queen's suite and picked up the tapes.  After 
farewells, they went back to Yamo's, paid their bill, promised to be by again 
soon, and went home.

***

	While Ryoko and Washu were away on their shopping trip, Ayeka and Balar 
had a little fun.  Tenchi had introduced the two to bubbles and they had spent 
the next two hours marveling over the delicate and beautiful bubbles.  

	Tenchi had wandered off after a bit and Ayeka and Balar ran out of the 
solution after two hours.  They decided to take a walk.  

	"Is everyone on Jurai soft-spoken and full of manners?" Balar asked 
curiously.

	Ayeka giggled.  "No.  The nobility is mostly, but not the common people 
that we rule over."

	"So the nobility keep their thoughts hidden and have secret agendas and 
the common people speak their minds to you." Balar puzzled out.

	Ayeka nodded.  "That is why my mothers and I listen to the people when we 
are out.  What someone may say in court, may not necessarily be truth."

	"What will your mothers say about me?" Balar asked.

	Ayeka's face fell.  "I do not know.  My mothers will be pleased I have 
found someone, but my father..."

	"Your father is Azusa.  Why wouldn't your father be happy you've found 
someone who loves you?" Balar asked confused.

	Ayeka turned to him and stared piercingly into his eyes.  "Do you?  Do you 
love me?"

	"Yes," Balar said.  "I thought you knew that, Ayeka.  I love you."

	"But my father tells me I must make an alliance." Ayeka said reluctantly.

	"Princess Ayeka, I do not believe that your father is going to challenge 
my word." Tsunami said to them.  "Fall in love at your own pace, have no fear of 
it, and believe that I will take care of you." She faded from view.

	Ayeka looked shyly at Balar.  "I love you as well."  They gazed at each 
other with the new revelation and continued walking.

***

	Tenchi sat in his room.  For once, there was no one banging on his door or 
phasing through to talk to him.  Ryoko and Washu were shopping, Ayeka and Balar 
were with each other, Sasami and Mihoshi were downstairs watching TV.  Complete 
peace and quiet to think.

	Thoughts clouded his mind.  He'd like to ask Ryoko to marry him, but 
wasn't it too soon?  His grandfather's words came back to him.

 "You have not known her long enough.  She has known you since you were a baby.  
You've lived with her for two years and played with her while you were small.  
Try again."

	Tenchi thought to himself.  "I have known her a long time.  But when did I 
fall in love with her?"  His thoughts drifted back to when he was a small child 
and he felt safe by the cave where the "demon" slept.  I loved her with a 
child's love then.

	When he had woken her up and she had come to his school, she had terrified 
him.  How could the child's friend become such a frightening person?  He smiled.  
But she was better now.  Not so frightening, more like she was...in love.

	"I've been in love with her ever since I was a child." Tenchi realized.  
His eyes glowed as he remembered her as a guardian, watching over him as a child 
and as an adult.  Her eyes glowing with love for him, her kisses, her hugs, 
always looking out for him...  

	"I would love for her to marry me." Tenchi said aloud.  His brain screamed 
at him, "Uh, Earth to Tenchi!  She's a goddess's child, a reputed demon, she's 
tried to kill you, protect you, love you, all in the same hour so she's 
certifiable and you want to marry her?!"

	Tenchi smiled and shoved the voice away.  "I love her and that's the end 
of it." 

***

	Everyone met at the dinner table.  Sasami was overloaded with compliments.  
She had truly outdone herself.  Ayeka and Balar held hands under the table.  
Washu and Ryoko idly talked about the books they had gotten.  Tenchi smiled at 
Ryoko a lot and said nothing.

***

	After dinner, Washu sat down in the living room.  "Tenchi, I stopped by 
the Juraian palace today and your grandmother gave me some letters for you."  
Tenchi took the letters and sat down on the couch.  Ryoko curled up beside him.  
Sasami sat on the other end of the couch while Ayeka and Balar reclined in a 
sofa.  Mihoshi sat in the rocking chair with Ryo-ohki in her lap.

	Tenchi unfolded the letter and began to read.  


	Hello, everyone.  Mihoshi, your grandfather says that you're doing a 
wonderful job and that he'd like you to make arrangements to visit him soon.  I 
suggested that if everyone came here to the palace then Mihoshi could visit with 
her grandfather without abandoning her job.  Sasami, you are minding your 
sister, aren't you?  I'm sure everyone's enjoying your cooking, my dear.  Ayeka, 
since Tenchi has talked to me twice I know that Washu has a connection to Jurai.  
I'd enjoy a short chat with you if you wouldn't mind.  Ryoko, Misaki and I went 
to Lady Areta's party last week and we commented on a garden there.  She told us 
who had done it and we were completely surprised!  Who knew you had such 
wonderful creative habits.

	Everything is going fine here.  Azusa's getting impatient again about you 
not being betrothed, Ayeka, but we're doing our best to keep him calm.  All we 
have to do is mention Tsunami showing up again and he stops.  It's funny.  We 
hope to see you soon.  Misaki sends hugs to everyone!

	There the letter ended.  The family sat around and watched TV for a bit, 
then took their baths, and went to sleep.

***

	Everything happened as normal the next day.  Tenchi and Balar went to do 
the fields and then to Katsuhito for lessons.  Ryoko and Ayeka had lessons with 
Washu for a while.  Both breakfast and lunch were wonderful to eat.

	The unnormal things started to happen after lunch.  Ayeka, Ryoko, Balar, 
and Tenchi went to the library to resume their teaching.  Washu was in adult 
form and up on a ladder, muttering to herself.

	"Washu?" Balar asked.

	Washu turned to look at him.  "Yes?"

	"Is the library...bigger?" he asked.

	Washu smiled at him.  "Ryoko and I got so many books yesterday that I had 
to expand the library again.  It's either make the room bigger and put the books 
where they actually are or manipulate space so that the room seems small, but 
when you start walking it's bigger than you think."  She turned back to shelving 
one book.  "I prefer having the library seem as big as it is.  Another of my 
preferences is to have the books line the room in their shelves not be stacked 
in columns."

	"Is there a special reason why you're in your adult form?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu pursed her lips.  "No.  Not really.  It's just that as an adult I 
have longer arms and a little more mobility.  There are some things I like to do 
manually, you know."

	"Did you want us to help?" Tenchi asked.  Washu shook her head.  "Then 
we'll just go and study." He concluded.

	"Nope."  Washu shook her head again.  "No studying today.  I have to think 
about where these books go, maybe expand the library more and that wouldn't be a 
good idea with anyone in here but me."

	"Then may I call my mother?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu nodded.  "Use the one in the house.  Ryoko, do you remember how?"

	Ryoko shrugged.  "Switch on the TV and hit the keypad, right?"  Washu 
nodded.  The two girls left.

	Balar chose a book from the library and walked out.  Washu turned back to 
the shelving.  Looking at a book on investing, she started down the ladder.  
"I'll have to go find him." She said.

	"Find who?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu jumped.  "Oh, you didn't leave with Balar.  That makes you twice as 
easy to find."  Washu rummaged in her pockets.  "It's not here?"  She snapped 
her fingers and an envelope appeared.  "Your grandmother asked me to give this 
to you in private."

	Tenchi took the envelope from her and read the contents.

	Tenchi, as a prince of Jurai, you are going to need money at some point in 
your life and we certainly have more than enough.  So I called the credit 
company that funds Ayeka's card and they sent one right over.  As far as I know, 
it doesn't have a limit.  Have fun!

	It was signed, your grandmother Funaho.

	Tenchi looked at the card.  Washu whistled.  "I've got one of those." She 
said.

	"What does Delinthium mean?" Tenchi asked.

	"It means that the limit on that could buy half the Juraian fleet.  I use 
mine for scientific stuff.  Engines, experimental materials, etc.  I used it to 
get Ryoko a credit card, though not one with that deep of pockets." Washu told 
him.

	"So how do I use it?" Tenchi asked.

	"When you get to the register, you give that to the clerk.  After you've 
picked up his eyeballs and put them back in, he'll scan the card and give you 
your purchases." Washu explained.  "Only a million people in the entire universe 
have one of those.  Congratulations."

	Washu climbed back up the ladder with a book while Tenchi stood there 
staring at the card.  He finally put it in his pocket.

	"Washu, can I talk to you for a minute?" he asked.

	"Tenchi, I'm really busy." Washu started.

	"It's about Ryoko." Tenchi said.

	Washu hopped off the ladder and floated to the ground.  "Anytime you want 
to talk, my door is open on that subject." She said grinning.

***

	Ryoko had gotten the TV turned on and Ayeka had dialed the number on the 
keypad.  The face had popped up, seen her, and ran.  He still hadn't come back 
and it had been five minutes.

	Suddenly, an officer came on the screen.  "Ryoko." He said stiffly.  "What 
are your intentions?"

	Ryoko sighed.  "My "intentions" are peaceful.  Ayeka here wants to talk to 
her mom."

	Ayeka waved.  "Hello, Lieutenant Rayfin.  Have you seen Lady Funaho 
around?  She told me to call."

	The Lieutenant saluted to her and ordered someone behind him to tell Lady 
Funaho her daughter wanted to speak with her.

	Lady Funaho appeared a few minutes later.  "Ayeka, how good it is to see 
you.  Are you well?  What's going on in the household?"

	Ayeka laughed.  "Mother, everything is fine.  How is everything on Jurai?"

	"Fine.  Oh, Ayeka you should have seen your father's face when Tsunami 
appeared as he was going past a fountain.  She said in no uncertain terms that 
"he was to leave Ayeka's betrothals alone."  She had chosen someone for you."  
Funaho looked to the left.  "Have you met him yet?"

	At Ayeka's dreamy-eyed stare, Funaho chuckled.  "It looks like you have.  
So tell me all about him."

	As Ayeka went into praising Balar, Ryoko crept off to the bathroom.  When 
Ayeka had to take a breath, Funaho asked, "Is Ryoko there with you?"

	"She was, Mother, but she seems to have disappeared for the moment."

	"When she comes back, tell her that I'd like to speak to her for a second.  
I understand that she and Tenchi have become," Funaho smiled, "acquainted."

	"Mother, could you please not tell Father about Balar?  He'll want to meet 
him and-"

	"Of course not!  Misaki I'll tell, but not your father.  He does become a 
little too formal with some things." Funaho said.  Ayeka tilted her head.  There 
was Ryoko now.

	"Excuse me, Mother."  Ayeka stepped out of the boundaries of the screen.  
"Ryoko, Lady Funaho wants to speak with you."

	"Huh?  Me?" Ryoko backed away.  

	"Oh, she's nothing to be afraid of.  You've met her before." Ayeka walked 
to the screen.  Ryoko reluctantly followed.

	Ryoko sat down and Ayeka patted her shoulder.  "Mother, I'm going to go 
and enjoy another of the gardens we've made."  Ryoko looked at Ayeka with eyes 
that said, "Don't leave me!"

	Ayeka chuckled on her way to the spaceship garden.

***

	Ryoko turned back to the television with wide eyes.  Funaho smiled gently.  
"So what is this about a new garden?" she asked.

	Ryoko started on the basic layout of it, while Funaho made the appropriate 
noises.  When Ryoko felt a little better and more encouraged, she told the funny 
story of the ship and the junkyard.

	Funaho laughed at the story.  "Would you take a picture of it for me?  I'd 
love to see it."  Ryoko nodded.  "I thought maybe in a few days your mother and 
you would like to come to Jurai and I'll show you around the market.  As long as 
I'm with you, there shouldn't be any trouble."

	Ryoko nodded.  "Because if someone comes up to me and tries to kill me and 
I have to defend myself, that could start-"

	"A small riot.  I'm trying to make room in my schedule right after the 
broadcast." Funaho explained.  "So what is this Balar really like?"

	Ryoko took a deep breath.  "Well, he's okay.  He's friendly and he's been 
watching the tapes with us so he'll understand Jurai better.  He really loves 
Ayeka.  He said once that he was afraid of the power of being royalty on Jurai, 
but if that was the price of having Ayeka, so be it."

	Funaho nodded slowly considering that.  "He wants Ayeka, not the power.  
Good for him."

	"And her," Ryoko said.

***

	Ayeka came back to the two ladies soon and wasn't surprised to see Ryoko 
entirely relaxed.  Her mother had that effect on people.

	Ryoko frowned.  "Funaho, why aren't you wanting Ayeka to come to Jurai?  
Why are you only inviting me?"

	Funaho sighed.  "Her father or one of the other nobles will try to recruit 
her for something.  It's easier to tell everyone she's on vacation on my 
homeworld for her curiosity and her education than to explain why she wants to 
come here and then go back."

	Ayeka nodded.  "Ryoko, you may need to be acquainted with the populace.  
After all, you may be the queen of Jurai one day.  Mother, do you know which one 
of us would have the prior claim?  Tenchi or I?"

	Funaho considered for a moment.  "Tenchi is the grandson of Yosho who is 
half Earthling.  But Tenchi is descended from the male side.  You're all 
Juraian, but of the female side.  Both of you could swing the balance marrying 
someone of Juraian lineage, but both are in love with other people."  Funaho 
shrugged.  "It's one for the nobles to sort out."  The conversation went on to 
what was happening around the palace.  

***

	"So Tenchi, what did you want to talk about that concerns my daughter?" 
Washu said bluntly.  Washu, back in child form, sat on a cushion, while Tenchi 
had said he preferred to stand.

	Tenchi licked his lips.  "Washu, Ryoko's father isn't exactly accessible."

	Washu considered that, rolling her eyes and tilting her head from side to 
side.  "No, the Mass isn't really able to talk to you."

	Tenchi tried to continue, steeling himself inside.  "I don't know why I'm 
asking you, because I'm going to do it anyway.  My mind is made up.  But it 
would be nice to have your blessing..."

	Washu blinked.  "Uh, Tenchi, if this has anything remotely to do with that 
missing sample that I said I needed..."

	"Huh?" Tenchi said.  Washu looked at him.  She looked uncomfortable.  

	"Tenchi, not to come right out and say it but, are you asking my 
permission to "play" with my daughter?"  Washu cleared her throat.

	The light finally came on in Tenchi's eyes.  "No!" he said forcefully.  "I 
wouldn't dishonor-"  A look of fear came over his face.  "Uh, Kagato didn't-?"

	"No!  He did not.  But other than that, I'm not telling you her sexual 
history."  Washu squashed the voice inside her head that said, "Or lack 
thereof."  

	"Oh," Tenchi went silent for a few seconds.  He shook himself out of it.  
Looking determined he began again.  "Since I cannot ask Ryoko's father, I must 
ask you."

	Washu sighed and looked longingly at the huge stacks of books all over the 
place.  "If you don't hurry up and ask me, Tenchi, I'm going to have to cancel 
your classes for tomorrow as well.  Just ask me.  Exactly what have I failed to 
do that you asked me to?"

	"Well, it's just that it's a sensitive topic." Tenchi shrugged.

	Washu sighed.  Tenchi looked at her again.  "I, Tenchi Masaki, Prince of 
the Juraian Empire, honorably ask for your permission to request Ryoko Hakubi's 
hand in marriage."

	Washu fell off her cushion.

	Tenchi swallowed and rushed to help her up.  Washu blinked her eyes from 
where she lay on the floor of the library.  "You what?" she asked, trying to get 
her breath into her lungs.

	"I, um, honorably ask-" Tenchi started again. 

	Washu waved aside his weak attempts at trying to speak.  "You are saying 
that you want to marry my daughter?" she whispered.  Tenchi nodded.  

	She got back on her cushion and looked into his eyes.  Her eyes said that 
she was confused and was still in shock.  "Is this an Earth custom?" she asked 
perplexed.  

	"You ask the parent out of respect." Tenchi told her.

	"Oh." Washu thought about this.  "So what am I supposed to do?"

	Tenchi said, "You're supposed to tell me yes or no."

	Washu watched Tenchi wring his hands.  "Ah.  I see.  Do you love my 
daughter?"

	Tenchi looked up with the swell of his love in his eyes.  "Yes."

	Washu gave him a soft smile.  "Then you have my blessing as a scientist, a 
former wife, a goddess, but most of all as a mother."

	Tenchi smiled.  "Then here's my plan.  Can you keep her busy while I-"

***

	Washu walked into the house and heard the buzz of talking from the 
upstairs TV screen.  She smiled and walked upstairs.  

	"Lady Funaho, so nice to see you again." Washu addressed the screen.  

	"Ah, Lady Washu, have you come to steal the girls away from me?" she 
teased.

	Washu grinned playing that she really hated taking the girls away from 
this vibrant lady.  Which she did.  "Sorry, Funaho, I need the girls for a 
couple hours.  Ryoko and I bought at least three thousand books yesterday.  If 
they aren't catalogued by tomorrow, then I'm going to have to move their class.  
And while there are places I could put the four of them," Washu grinned 
conspiratorially at Funaho, "there aren't many that I'd trust them alone."

	"Washu!" Ryoko shouted.  Ayeka blushed.

	"You see what I have to put up with?" Washu threw up her hands.  Funaho 
chuckled.  

	"With you looking after my girls, what have I to worry about?" Funaho said 
laughingly.  Washu bowed to her and the screen went blank.

	"Come on, girls.  There are many, many books to shelve."  Ryoko and Ayeka 
dutifully walked after her.  

***

	Tenchi had walked through one of Washu's portals to a jewelry store she 
recommended.  If he didn't find anything there, then he could walk around the 
mall.

	Looking at the sign in front that said "Trigger's", he felt the card 
reassuringly in his pocket and walked in.  

	The sales associates took one look at him and turned to more potential 
customers.  Tenchi didn't mind.  He was in the mood to look around and didn't 
need people fawning over him.  He looked at all sorts of jewelry, brooches, 
rings, bracelets, necklaces, and other trinkets.  In all colors of the rainbow, 
jewelry glistened at him.  

	But he did want to look around and while the stuff here was as beautiful 
as Washu had told him, he was looking for something specific.  Tenchi walked out 
of the store and into the other jewelry stores.  They all treated him the same.  
Everyone left him alone.

	Once Tenchi had walked through all the stores that sold jewelry, he 
sighed.  Nothing he had found was even fit to grace Ryoko's toes, much less be 
the ring on her hand that said to the world that she was his fianc‚e.  

	He saw Trigger's down from him.  Tenchi sighed.  He looked at his watch.  
Two hours.  His eyes bulged.  He had just spent two hours searching for a ring.  
I'll just have to start again.  He walked toward Trigger's.

***
	
	Tenchi walked inside and saw the beautiful things winking at him.  But the 
jewelry could not compete with Ryoko's heart.  What would be beautiful enough 
for her?

	Tenchi was staring at the ring case when someone tapped him on the 
shoulder.  He turned to find a man in a uniform there.  "Sir, the store has 
requested that you leave."

	Shock adorned his face.  The uniformed man gently took his arm and walked 
him out of the store, leaving him ten feet in front.  

	Tenchi pressed the button that would bring him home.  

***

	"Washu?  Could I speak to you for a moment?" Tenchi stuck his head into 
the library.

	Ayeka and Ryoko had been no help to Washu.  She had expected that and had 
supplied snacks and a couple of really good movies.  All she asked from them was 
company.  They had joyfully agreed after sneezing from all the dust on the 
books.

	Washu waved to the girls and hurried out of the room.  "Yes, Tenchi?  Did 
you want to show me-?"  Tenchi shook his head.  Washu almost missed the 
glistening of moisture in his eyes.  "What's wrong?" she said gently.

	"I looked in Trigger's just like you said.  I wasn't approached by anyone, 
so I left to look in the other stores.  When I didn't find anything there, I 
went back to Trigger's and they called security and made me leave the store." 
Tenchi gulped.

	Washu's eyes smoldered.  "Did you find anything there?" she asked.  Tenchi 
shook his head.  "Then let's fix this."  Washu walked off with Tenchi following 
behind her.

***

	When the two stepped out in front of Trigger's, they were two very 
different individuals.  Washu was in her adult form and in an evening gown slit 
up to her hip.  Tenchi was in a Juraian cut suit of the nobility at Washu's 
insistence.  "Look at it this way," she had said.  "You're not flaunting your 
status, you're actually understating it."

	Washu swept into the shop with Tenchi standing by her side.  A few of the 
assistants offered her greetings on the way by.  She nodded curtly to them.  
"I'd like to speak to the man who called Security a few minutes ago." She told 
one of them.  The person nodded and walked calmly off.

	While she was gone a couple sales associates tried to interest her in 
things or tried to get Tenchi to "buy something pretty for the lady".  

	The manager came out dressed in a very smart looking outfit.  "Yes, ma'am, 
may I help you?" he asked smoothly.

	"Did you call Security a few moments ago?" Washu asked bluntly.

	"Yes, I did.  There was a man in here who looked most unsavory.  Not the 
sort we want in Trigger's at all."  He smiled at her.  "That sort does not 
deserve to associate with you."

	Washu smiled at him predatorily.  "Oh," she purred.  "Then what is by my 
side?"

	The man looked at Tenchi, really looked at him for the first time he had 
walked through the door.  He went white.  

	"Now, listen to me.  I am Washu Hakubi.  If you check your records after I 
leave, you'll find that I've bought quite a substantial amount of jewelry from 
this store in the past for various functions.  I recommended this store to my 
friend, Tenchi Masaki.  If you check the news in the next couple days, you'll 
find that you just called Security on the Crown Prince of Jurai.  I am not 
interested in this store any longer, so you just lost an existing account that 
was a Delinthium credit card and the potential account that was also a 
Delinthium credit card."  Washu turned around on her heels and walked out of the 
store with Tenchi proudly on her arm.

	"How about we dress down," Washu snapped her fingers and their clothes 
were ordinary, but clean, "and find a nice jewelry store.  One that will talk to 
us like this is probably one I'd like to do business with."  She turned to 
Tenchi.  "There wasn't a single shop in here that talked to you?"  Tenchi shook 
his head.  She walked to a mall directory.  "Let's check before we leave."

	Washu's fingers walked down the multiple levels.  Tenchi nodded as all of 
the jewelry stores were eliminated.  Washu hit the jewelry store listing and 
made it highlight all the stores.  All of the stores were eliminated.

	Except one that was tucked back in a small alleyway that most people 
didn't go down.  Washu reviewed the stores that were there.  Low-cost stores all 
of them.  She hit the picture that would show her the front of the store.  

	A nice sign that said Joy's and one display window.  She pointed.  
"Tenchi, did you go in there?"

	He looked at the picture closely and said, "No.  I must have missed it."

***
	 
	Washu and Tenchi appeared outside the small store and Washu casually 
walked up to the display.  The few standard rings, bracelets, earrings, and 
necklaces festooned it.  Washu's expert eye calculated that they were pretty 
good for a display.  You put just enough in the display case to lure them in.

	Washu nodded and they both walked in.  An ordinarily dressed lady 
approached them with a smile on her face.  "Hello, how are you this evening?" 
she asked.  

	"I'm fine." Tenchi responded.  

	"We're looking for something specific, but can we look around first?" 
Washu asked politely.

	"Sure," the woman said.  "I'll be over there if you need me." She pointed 
to a counter that had a few pieces of equipment on it.

	Tenchi and Washu looked around for a few minutes while the woman sat at 
the counter.  Washu noticed that the jewelry was of very nice quality, 
beautiful, and just as good as Trigger's for its prettiness.  She winked at 
Tenchi and went to speak with the woman.

	Tenchi looked at the jewelry and had to admit that it was lovely.  There 
was a bracelet that he could see around Ayeka's hand that had a purple teardrop 
on it.  A gold torque would fit around Balar's neck that had a red ruby in it.  
An intricate earring that went around the outside of the ear would make Sasami 
laugh.  It had beautiful beaded feathers and was made with silver wire.  The 
jewelry in here was special.

***
	
	Washu stood with the young lady.  "So why are you parked back here if the 
jewelry is so nice?"

	"Because we're just starting, my sister and I.  Our family has been 
miners, gem specialists, and buyers since time began I think.  We funded this by 
a loan the bank gave us."  She sighed.  "I'm an equipment person, while my 
sister buys the gems and rings.  We might not be in business much longer.  A lot 
of people go to Trigger's first and don't even bother with the smaller stores."

	Washu snickered at her.  "Keep that in mind.  My friend there is looking 
for an engagement ring.  Do you have anything with an Alcyon stone in it?"

	The woman looked thoughtful.  "There were a few in the first things we 
bought for the store.  They're probably still here."  She got up and walked 
around the cases.  "Ah, here they are."  

	Washu glanced at them.  "Beautiful.  This is my daughter's birthstone.  
But I think he'd like to buy one of these later.  Tenchi's looking for something 
special."

	The woman's lips pursed.  "What kind of special?"

	"Long fingers, slender hand.  Exposed to extreme heat and cold.  This 
ring's going to have to be made to last." Washu told her.

	The woman slowly nodded.  "Let me go get something."

***

	When she came back, Washu had retrieved Tenchi and they huddled by the 
counter.  "By the way my name's Melanie.  Now this little beauty will stand up 
to anything you throw at her."  Melanie opened the box to reveal a ring to grace 
any woman's finger from royalty to beggar.

	The ring was set into a light gold metal.  The metal rose up to reveal a 
deep blue stone with two small white stone accents.  In the band were two small 
's' curves edging the ring curving up to the stone.  

	"This ring is guaranteed in space without a suit, heat up to a small sun, 
and in short made to last several lifetimes if not longer." Melanie finished up.

	Tenchi gazed at the ring.  This would suit his Ryoko.  "That one," he 
said.

	Melanie looked at him.  "Not to insult you, sir-"

	"Tenchi," he absently corrected her.

	"Tenchi, but this ring's pretty much worth as much as my salary for the 
next decade." She said wryly.

	Tenchi silently pulled out the Delinthium credit card.  "Washu, do you 
think that'll be enough?"

	Washu nodded.  "Yeah, you could buy enough for 50 Ryokos to have one on 
each finger and each toe."  

Melanie's eyes were about to pop out of her head.  "Will that be all?" she 
squeaked.

	Washu looked at her amused.  "Now Melanie, you were being nice and 
talkative before he pulled out the card."

	Tenchi cleared his throat.  "As a matter of fact, I would like a few more 
things."

***

	After Melanie had opened the case that had the earring he thought Sasami 
would like, the torque for Balar, and the bracelet for Ayeka, Tenchi noticed a 
deep green emerald necklace for Mihoshi that he wanted.

	While Washu was off admiring the fancy necklaces, Tenchi whispered that he 
wanted a crab.  Melanie thought for a moment and went to the back.  She came 
back with a small gold crab pin with ruby eyes.  Tenchi nodded and she grinned 
while putting it in a box.  

	Melanie gathered up Tenchi's purchases and placed them on the counter.  
She began to start toward the register when Washu said, "Ah, ah, ah!  I'm not 
ready yet."

	Washu had looked at one of the necklaces and wanted to see it out of the 
case, so Melanie went over and unlocked it.  Washu examined the necklace.  Its 
fine gold braid wrapped around the jewels to keep them secure but leaving the 
full face of the gems to be admired.  She nodded.  "This too."

	Melanie tallied up the earring, torque, ring, bracelet, necklace, and the 
pin.  When she reached for the necklace, Washu told her, "That's not on Tenchi's 
bill."  She slashed Tenchi's card through the credit machine and handed it back 
to him along with the bag full of jewelry.

	She totaled up the necklace of Washu's and looked at her.  Washu grinned 
and pulled out a card.  Melanie took it and looked distraught.  "I wish my 
sister was here.  She's never going to believe me!" 

	"Don't worry." Washu said as the card was put through the machine and 
handed to her again.  "He went to Trigger's and they called Security on him 
because he was dressed in his leisure clothes.  I came back and said that I 
wasn't going to do business with them anymore.  That's why I told you to keep 
that in mind.  Neither one of us will step foot in that store again.  We'll come 
here."

	Washu got a sly look on her face.  "I'd advise increasing your inventory."

	"Out of curiosity, why?" Melanie asked.

	Washu cleared her throat.  "Because I am Washu, the greatest scientific 
genius in the universe and I have to have jewelry every so often to impress 
someone.  Plus it's very nice to look at.  He," Washu pointed at Tenchi, "is the 
prince of Jurai.  Once his grandmothers hear how he was treated at Trigger's, 
they won't go there anymore, they'll come here.  Now you see why you might want 
to increase your inventory?" 

	Melanie nodded and Washu and Tenchi went out the door.

***

	When Washu came back into the library, Ryoko and Ayeka had left.  Looking 
at the clock, she assumed everyone was at dinner.

	Her assumptions were right.

***

	After dinner Tenchi ran up to his room while Washu invited everyone to see 
the library.  Mihoshi immediately was in awe over the comic books as was Sasami.  
Ryoko pointed out the books she had specifically chosen to Ayeka.  Balar started 
to browse the new technology books Washu had picked up.

	Tenchi came into the room just as everyone had chosen a book or books in 
some cases to read and settled down.  He cleared his throat.  "Um, everybody?"

	The family all looked at him politely.  "I have an announcement to make." 
He took a deep breath.  "I have decided to become the next emperor of Jurai."

	"What?" Ryoko said, but it was lost in the congratulations of the others.

	"So to celebrate," Tenchi held up the bag, "I bought presents today."  He 
rustled in the bag for the small box that he knew held the pin.  "Washu, this is 
for you."

	Washu took the small box and opened it.  Her eyes lightened up with 
pleasure.  "Thank you, Tenchi," she said as she fastened the small crab to her 
shirt.

	The next box was a large one.  "Balar, this is for you."  Tenchi walked to 
his friend.

	Balar took the box and opened it.  "It is finely crafted, but how does one 
wear it?" he asked.

	Ayeka took the box from him and lifted the torque out.  She snapped it 
around his neck where it hung handsomely.  Washu passed him a mirror that he 
looked into.  The way he arched his neck to make it flash said that he liked it 
very much.

	"Ayeka, this one is for you." Tenchi held out the box and Ayeka took it 
graciously.  

	"Oh!" she gasped as she saw the slender bracelet.  She slid it out of the 
box and onto her wrist.  "Thank you, Tenchi.  It is very lovely."

	"Sasami?" Tenchi turned around to find the young girl waiting for him.  
"Let me put this on you."  Tenchi lifted the earring from its tissue covered box 
and fitted it gently around her ear.  The delicate black feathers with blue 
sparkling beads hung around the little girl's ear.  She giggled and gave Tenchi 
a hug and then went to borrow the mirror from Balar.

	"Mihoshi?  This box is for you." Tenchi handed her the box which she 
promptly dropped.  "Don't worry, I don't think it's breakable, Mihoshi."

	Mihoshi opened the box and started to cry.  

	Tenchi then turned to his love.  Ryoko sat there with fearful eyes.  
Tenchi felt his heart go out to her.  She thinks that just because I've left her 
until last there's nothing for her.  He sat beside her and gave her the small 
ring box.  

	Ryoko opened it to reveal a sparkling deep blue ring.  "It's beautiful, 
Tenchi." She said and slipped it on her right hand's middle finger.

***

	Washu chuckled to herself.  She thought, "Oh, no, Ryoko.  That's meant to 
go on the other hand...."

	"Well," Washu clapped her hands together.  "I thought we were enjoying the 
new additions to the library."  The family laughed and went back to their books.

	Washu watched as Ryoko curled up with her book on Earth roses and Tenchi 
sat there looking at everyone.  "Hmmm..." she thought.

	Speaking to Ryoko's mind, she said, "Ryoko, I think Tenchi would like to 
go somewhere else.  He spoke fondly of your garden yesterday to me."

	Ryoko's mind flashed a "I'm busy" sign at her.

	"Ryoko...." Washu warned.

	She sighed.  "Tenchi, did you want to go up to the garden for a few 
minutes?"  He nodded.

***

	Ryoko sat in the swing and thought longingly about her new books.  Tenchi 
was walking around the garden for the third time.  He finally came over to sit 
by her.  "So, Tenchi, why didn't you ask me about becoming Emperor?" she finally 
bit off.

	Tenchi looked at her.  "I'll answer that question if you'll answer mine."

	"Sure," Ryoko said absently.

	Tenchi straightened from his sitting position, then bent one knee.  Ryoko 
idly wondered what is he doing?

	Tenchi breathed for a few seconds and then started.  "Ryoko Hakubi, 
daughter of Washu Hakubi-"

	"Yes, Tenchi, that is my name and my mother's name.  What are you doing?" 
she asked.

	"Ryoko, do me a favor and just sit there until I've asked my question." 
Tenchi asked.

	Ryoko was becoming cross and she sat there staring at him woodenly.

	Tenchi began again.  "Ryoko Hakubi, daughter of Washu Hakubi, do you love 
me?"

	"Yes, Tenchi, I do.  But what does that have to do with you becoming 
Emperor?" Ryoko asked.

	"I need to be useful, Ryoko.  Tell me to my face that you think I wouldn't 
make a good Emperor." Tenchi's eyes pleaded with her.

	"Your kind heart might get in the way sometimes, but it'd be a good judge 
of character.  You don't have the training but you could get it.  I don't 
understand.  Why would you want to trap yourself into being Emperor?" Ryoko 
asked.

	"I feel in my heart it is right." Tenchi replied.

	Ryoko's heart felt despair.  If Tenchi was Emperor that meant she'd never 
be able to be with him anymore.  She got up and started out of the room.

	She felt a hand on her wrist, holding her back.  "Tenchi, let go!" she 
struggled.

	"Not until I ask my last question." Tenchi said firmly.

	Ryoko looked at him, tears in her eyes.  "What is it?" she sobbed at him.

	Tenchi looked into her eyes, searching for something.  "Ryoko, will you 
marry me?" he asked softly.

	Ryoko's tears stopped.  She looked at him.  She opened her mouth and 
closed it.  She opened it again to say the words, "You're crazy."

	Tenchi's mouth shut with a clack!  "What?" he said weakly.

	"I'm the Dreaded Space Pirate Ryoko.  Do you know what you'd go through 
marrying me?  There'd be an uprising on Jurai against you!" She shouted. 

	"I don't care about that." Tenchi said.

	"You're just an innocent.  Do you know half the things I've done?  That's 
nothing compared to ruling an empire.  You're over your head, Tenchi.  Stick to 
being an Earthling.  It's nice, normal, and boring.  We'd be happier here." She 
said.

	"Who else would do it if I don't?" he said softly.  "Ayeka and Balar?"

	Ryoko ran from him and his ideas.

***

	She sat in a tree far from the house.  She sobbed with the strength of one 
who had been crying a long time.  

	"Ryoko?" Ayeka called up into the tree.  "Washu told me you were here.  
What's wrong?"  

	Ryoko phased down to one of the lower branches.  "Hi, Ayeka." She 
sniffled.

	Ayeka's face showed great concern.  What could make Ryoko cry so much?  
"What's wrong?" she asked again.

	"Tenchi." Ryoko said, looking away.

	"What's happened to him?" Ayeka asked.

	"Nothing's happened to him except that he's gone crazy.  Ayeka, how long 
do you think that innocent boy will last against Juraian nobles?" Ryoko laughed 
sarcastically.

	Ayeka considered the thought.  "I think with our family by his side, he'll 
be able to manage anything."

	Ryoko fell silent.  No crying, no stirring, nothing.  "So what made you 
cry?" Ayeka asked.

	Ryoko sighed.  Admitting defeat, she said, "He asked me to marry him."

	Ayeka smiled at her with joy.  "That's wonderful, Ryoko!"

	"No it isn't.  He'd go through so much with me as his wife.  The general 
public hates me.  I destroyed half their planet and now I'm marrying the heir to 
complete my destruction from within?" Ryoko laughed hysterically.

	"And so you're just going to run away from him, leaving him defenseless, 
my little Ryoko?" Washu's voice came from behind her.  

	"Yeah, and what about it?" Ryoko said sarcastically.

	"I am not going to go through the rest of my life," Washu stopped.  "The 
rest of eternity listening to our mind link echo with your loss.  Do you really 
think your life will be normal?  You were doomed from the beginning.  You're 
being given a chance to right the wrong you did on Jurai and a thousand other 
planets by serving the galaxy, Ryoko."

	Washu paused.  "But I don't want you to think about that right now.  I 
don't want you to think about nobly giving your life for the good of everyone.  
I don't want you to think about the nobility snubbing their noses at you or 
children being pulled from you in horror.  I want you to think about Tenchi.  
You're so in love with him you can't see straight.  That's what marriage is 
about.  Love and compromise.  If you don't want to be on Jurai, then don't be.  
Have him be in the palace in the daytime while you stay here and I'll hook up a 
portal to the palace for him to come home at dinnertime."

	Ryoko sat on the tree branch, pondering this.  "I do love him with all my 
heart." She thought.  Thinking back to the conversation she had with Balar when 
he showed up, she thought of what he had said.  He had said that he didn't want 
the throne, but he wanted Ayeka.  If the throne was the price he had to pay for 
Ayeka, then so be it.  Was she to be outdone by an ex-god?

	Besides, when had public opinion bothered her?  She was just as good as 
they were.  Daughter of a goddess, violently independent, and she had the love 
of Tenchi.  What could they do to her that would be worse than giving him up?

	Ryoko grinned.  "Ayeka, if I'm queen of Jurai, what kind of powers do I 
have?"

	Ayeka thought for a moment.  "Almost everything that the king has."

	"No, I mean as far as changing the planet." Ryoko interjected.

	"What kind of changes?" Ayeka asked.

	Ryoko grinned at her.  "A whole planet to garden.  I'd be as nutty as 
Kagato to pass that up."  Ayeka and Washu laughed at her.

	"So, you're going to find Tenchi, right?" Washu asked.  Ryoko nodded 
definitively.  

	"I've been researching Earth customs since Tenchi asked me for permission 
to ask you to marry him." Washu was interrupted by Ryoko.

	"You knew?!  You knew this and you didn't tell me?" Ryoko shouted.

	"Hey, a marriage proposal is a special thing.  I remember mine.  My 
boyfriend asked me to marry him and I leapt into his arms and smothered him with 
kisses." Washu smiled at the fond memory.  Then she sighed.  "My daughter 
obviously doesn't have her head screwed on just right."

	"Hey!" Ryoko objected.

	Washu continued.  "According to Earth principles, the ring you're wearing 
is the engagement ring and is supposed to go on the second finger from the 
left," Washu shook the finger she meant on her own hand, "on the left hand."  
Washu showed her daughter.

	Ryoko looked at the ring.  She shrugged and slipped it on the appropriate 
finger.

	"Now you can go and find him." Washu told her.  Ryoko phased off and Washu 
and Ayeka walked back to the house.

***

	Ryoko had looked the rest of the house over, called into the lab, checked 
the library, and looked around the house.  No Tenchi.  Of course, since that 
little episode with Tenchi telling her not to appear above his bed, she hadn't 
stepped foot or peeked into his room.

	She let her face go through the ceiling.  Ah, there he was!  On his 
bed...crying.  Her whole body floated down to the bed and hovered there.  
"Tenchi," she whispered.

	He turned his tear-streaked face toward her.  "Ryoko!" he said happily.  
She sank to lie beside him on the bed.  "You're right.  I'd never make a good 
emperor.  I-" Ryoko put a finger to his lips to make him stop chattering.

	"Tenchi, you will be good at whatever you decide to do.  You're kind, 
considerate, and tough when you need to be.  The nobles and the rest don't stand 
a chance."  Ryoko snuggled into his chest.  Tenchi kind of felt funny lying on 
his back with Ryoko's head pillowed on his chest, but reasoned that it was just 
a piece of furniture and really no different from cuddling on the couch.

	They laid there for a few minutes, Tenchi smoothing her hair.  Ryoko 
straightened and stretched when he took his hand away..  "Why don't you ask 
again?" she purred, turning her body around to look at him.

	"Ask what?" Tenchi asked.

	Ryoko looked at him with the expression that clearly said, "You silly 
goose."

	"Oh!" Tenchi remembered.  "Ryoko, will you marry me?"

	In answer, she held out her left hand for him to see.  

	Tenchi straightened and grasped her left hand, looking at the tiny gem 
winking at him.  He looked into her eyes, hoping that he was right.  "Ryoko, do 
you know what this means?" he asked.

	Ryoko nodded.  "Washu explained that when the ring is on this finger on 
this hand it means that I'm yours.  Do you want me to be yours?"

	Tenchi clasped her to him.  "More than anything else in the world."

	Ryoko backed away from him and kissed him thoroughly.  When Tenchi caught 
his breath, he asked her, "But aren't you worried about my becoming Emperor?"

	Ryoko grinned at him.  "Tenchi, a very wise woman told me that marriage is 
based on love and compromise.  The love part we've taken care of already.  For 
the compromise..." Ryoko tapped a finger against her cheek.  "I'll help you 
study to become emperor, protect you, love you, and stand by you as long as you 
do one little thing for me."

	Tenchi followed her eyes toward the door.  "What is it, Ryoko?"

	Looking slyly at him, she asked for a simple thing.  "Please, don't let me 
demolish too much of Jurai."  At his confused look, she laughed.  "Tenchi, 
Kagato made me destroy Jurai, right?"  Tenchi nodded.  "Well, I don't want to 
destroy Jurai again.  That's why I'm asking you to restrain me."

	Tenchi shook his head.  "Why would I need to restrain you?"

	"Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi." Ryoko sadly shook her head.  "A whole planet 
that I'll be Empress over and you expect me not to knock down buildings for my 
beloved gardens?  What's wrong with your brain, my darling?"

	Tenchi captured her chin with his hand.  "I like that."

	"Like what?" Ryoko asked, not struggling one bit.

	"Being called your darling."  Tenchi swiftly kissed her mouth, still 
holding her still.  "I like being yours."

	Ryoko's eyes sparked.  "Do you?" she said saucily.  "Well, then, My 
Tenchi.  I demand a kiss."

	Tenchi became bold and kissed her forcefully.

	Ryoko backed away after the kiss.  "Am I yours or are you mine?" she 
asked.

	Tenchi tilted his head to one side and looked at her lovingly.  "We're 
each others." 

*********************************************

This is the end.

Now put those clubs away!  You're not letting me finish.  Yes, and shake those 
looks out of your eyes or you'll make me forget something.
As I was saying, this is the end.  I decided that 15 chapters was enough for one 
story and anymore than 15, new readers probably wouldn't read it.  Or maybe they 
would, I don't know.
No, I don't respond well to threats, you in the first row.  I refuse to be 
strapped to my chair and forced to write.  You haven't even heard all of it yet.
There is a new beginning.
There!  Are you happy?  There will be another story, but it will not be under 
The Bet.  The next chapter will be under The Gamble.  This will also be ended in 
15 chapters.  The Gamble will have Ryoko and Tenchi's wedding, the return of 
Torimi (NOTE!  Torimi not Tokimi), and lots of other fun stuff I haven't even 
thought of yet.  If at the end of The Gamble there are enough reviews that 
people like the story, they want me to continue, etc., then I will consider 
writing another 15 chapters under another name.  
Bye!  Remember to read and review the chapters or I'll quit writing them.  
Actually, I won't as long as I get at least one....
