Disclaimer:

Tenchi Muyo is the property of Pioneer LDC and AIC, I do not own 
the characters that feature in this fanfic, for they belong to 
Pioneer LDC and AIC, in all their glory. Enjoy. Or else the cabbit 
gets it.

Beyond.

Tenchi faced off with Kagato, his light hawk sword poised, ready 
to strike. Around him the bodies of all his friends and family, 
Aeka, Ryoko, Katsuhito, even Sasami.
Tenchi felt his rage amass inside him, threatening to erupt from 
him despite his training.
Kagato merely smiled at the young boy.
"I may not be able to kill you, but you will have to live with the 
loss of your loved ones for the rest of your life."
He let out a triumphant laugh. Tenchi had beaten him once before, 
but now the victory was all his. There was indeed more than one 
way to skin a cat.
Tenchi glared at his foe, before raising his sword. To Kagato's 
surprise the sword's tip arced slowly towards Tenchi's own 
forehead, and thrust.

Tenchi awoke, shaking his head. 
'What a dream,' he thought to himself, righting himself. He looked 
around, expecting to see his room. But he didn't. He got up 
quickly and looked around. It didn't help much, the view was 
pretty much the same. Nothingness for as far as he could see. The 
sky, if that was what you could call it that was gray, and the 
floor was obscured from view by a thin layer of what appeared to 
be smoke or steam. Tenchi began to panic. 
"Hello?" he called out, almost in desperation. He didn't like 
being alone, especially in some strange and unfamiliar place.

'Maybe I'm still dreaming,' he pondered. He pinched himself and 
responded accordingly. 
'Well that's not it.'

A sense of dread overcame him. Perhaps he really was dead. Perhaps 
this was heaven.
He looked around. He didn't think much of it, if this really was 
heaven.
Suddenly inspiration struck him. His light hawk sword. Tenchi 
concentrated and summoned the weapon to him. 
Surely he couldn't be dead if he could summon the light hawk 
sword? The logic seemed fine, but he still couldn't ascertain 
where he was. He sighed and plunged the sword into the floor in 
desperation. It went in fairly easily. Too easily in fact. Tenchi 
knelt down and tried to inspect the floor more closely, but was 
foiled by the smoke. He proceeded to cut a hole in the floor, and 
felt the centre fall through. Not really having many other things 
to do, he stuck his head through the gap. 
What he saw confused him for two reasons. For one, he was now 
looking at his kitchen. For two, his head was coming out of the 
floor, which made him fell giddy. He carefully with much 
bewilderment climbed down through the hole and up into his 
kitchen. The hole sealed behind him as he emerged. He watched as 
Aeka came into the kitchen.
"Aeka!" Tenchi called, happy to be able to see someone.
Aeka ignored him. He tried to touch her, but something got in the 
way, almost as if she had a forcefield around her. He tried to 
make contact again, but to no avail. He sighed and unconsciously 
sat on the kitchen chair. 

'At least I can interact with something around here.'

He watched as Ryoko came in.
"Hello there princess. Seen Tenchi around anywhere?"
Aeka shook her head. 
"I suppose he's in the fields somewhere."
Ryoko smiled and sat down opposite to where Tenchi was sitting.
"Do you know what the greatest thing about Tenchi is Aeka?"
Aeka sighed, and shook her head.
"No, but I get the feeling you're going to tell me."
"He such a great kisser."
Tenchi would have fallen of his chair, if he could have moved it 
at all.
"Really, I, I would never have guessed."
"Oh I'm sure you would have." Ryoko beamed as she watched Aeka 
squirm a little, before a slightly guilty look overcame her.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't tease so. It's just that I've never been 
so happy."
"That's, good," replied Aeka sadly. 
Ryoko got up and to Tenchi's surprise put her arm around the 
princess.
"Look Aeka, I was really happy you decided to stay here after 
Tenchi and I got married. Seriously. I know we had our differences 
in the past, but that's behind us now."
"That's because you got Tenchi."
Ryoko fought down a smile, as she remembered the day purposed to 
her.
"I know, I know. We're thinking of going out to see a play or 
something tonight. Would you like to come? It's not a one on one 
thing, you can invite Kiyone or someone to come along as well."
Aeka thought for a few moments.
"I fear I must decline."
Ryoko shrugged.
"Whatever you say princess."

Tenchi was still on the floor, suffering from shock.
Married? To Ryoko? He never even realized that Ryoko liked him 
like that. He paused his situation analysis as his alter ego came 
in. Wearing nothing but his trousers. Glistening in sweat. 
Immediately Ryoko went over to embrace her husband, and kissed him 
with very little inhibition. The original Tenchi just sat and 
watched in a mix of amazement and horror at his double. He 
certainly wasn't built as well as that, and he could feel a 
nosebleed coming on with regards to what his doppelganger was 
doing.
The other Tenchi noticed Aeka and broke off the kiss prematurely. 
"I'm sorry Aeka, I shouldn't act such a way in front of others."
Aeka solemnly shook her head.
"No, that's alright Lord Tenchi, you carry on."
Tenchi came to the table and sat down, sighing heavily and mopping 
his brow.
He turned to Aeka.
"Ryoko and I were going to see some film or something in town this 
evening. We were wondering if you'd like to come? Mihoshi and 
Sasami are coming, I'd really appreciate it if you came to."
Aeka sighed. "Alright then."
Ryoko seemed to glare at the princess before smiling. 
"Glad to have you aboard."

The Tenchi at the table got up and stretched.
"I'd better hit the baths if I'm to be ready for tonight."
"I'll join you," whispered Ryoko, none too subtlety.
Both Tenchis blushed, and Aeka looked a little uncomfortable. 
"Please dear, not tonight." He gave her a kiss on the cheek and 
left the kitchen.
The original Tenchi sighed. Where the hell was he? He got up and 
decided to explore this strange world. By evening he was beginning 
to get a grasp of it. Apparently he had married Ryoko two years 
ago, but apart from that, everything was like it was in his world. 
Except for the way the Tenchi here behaved. It wasn't as if he was 
completely different, it was just that he lacked many of the 
inhibitions he felt, especially towards women, Ryoko in 
particular.
He had had enough of this world, and summoned his light hawk sword 
again. He plunged it into the floor, feeling a similar sort of 
resistance as he had felt before. He cut another hole and climbed 
through, only to re-emerge in the kitchen again. Before him at the 
table was Aeka and Ryoko. Chatting. No, happily chatting. Both 
girls were smiling and talking about something. He walked closer 
to hear the conversation.
"I really don't mind doing the washing Ryoko."
"No Aeka, I insist. Haven't be doing my fair share recently."
"Ok then, I'll do the vacuuming then."
"Agreed."
The two girls smiled at each other, before taking another sip of 
their tea.

Tenchi looked at the scene absolutely flabbergasted. Ryoko and 
Aeka being civil? Ryoko volunteering to do chores? Had the world 
gone mad?
He watched as the kitchen door slid open and Sasami came in. An 
older Sasami. Not quite Tsunami, but not exactly the little girl 
he knew. Almost as if she was her sister's age.
"Have either of you seen Tenchi today?" she asked.
Tenchi cringed, remembering the events that followed this line of 
questioning last time.
"I-" "He-" both girls started simultaneously.
They both laughed.
"You first."
"No, after you. I don't actually know!"
The three girls laughed again as Tenchi came into the kitchen.
Much to the first Tenchi's relief he was fully dressed. 
"Sorry I'm late," he declared, giving Sasami a little kiss on the 
cheek, making her blush.
"I don't know Sasami, you've been dating him for nearly a year and 
you still blush when he kisses you," commented Aeka.
"I'm shy!" defended Sasami.
"And I wouldn't have it any other way," said Tenchi, kissing her 
again, eliciting the same response.
"Stop that!" giggled Sasami, as she saw the two girls grinning at 
her.
"Red as anything!" laughed Aeka.
"What's she going to be like when he starts *really* kissing?" 
asked Ryoko in a mischievous voice.
Sasami complexion went dark red.
Tenchi laughed. "I'm going to get a quick bath before we go out. 
See you all later."
The three girls waved goodbye, before starting a conversation on 
cosmetics.

Tenchi stayed around for a few days, following his friends as they 
lived out this alternate reality. Tenchi, being a little slow on 
these matters finally came to the conclusion he was seeing his 
friends' idea of heaven. This one quite obviously Sasami's, and 
the previous one was most probably Ryoko's. He sighed as he 
watched his double put his arm around Sasami as they both sat 
beside the lake. He would have quite liked to live in this world. 
Everyone was nice to one another, there was no fighting, and 
Sasami seemed quite sweet in her more grown up form. But there 
again it was just a  *little* too perfect. As far as he could see 
there was no fighting or disagreements anywhere. Not on earth or 
anywhere else in the galaxy. And this Sasami was also unbeatable 
on the Playstation. Totally unbeatable. 
He reluctantly summoned his sword once more as the two drew each 
other closer. He thought it would be nice to give his counterpart 
some privacy as he moved into the newly formed hole.

He emerged into unfamiliar surroundings. Elegant surroundings. He 
looked around to see a red carpet, marble pillars and two thrones. 
And he was sitting on one of them.

'Aeka's heaven,' Tenchi whispered to himself.

Sure enough he walked up to the twin thrones to see himself on one 
and Aeka on the other. Before one of the thrones knelt a man.
"The Yorian Empire insists the territory is theirs sire."
"I do not care what the Yorian Empire says, those territories are 
Jurian, there are Jurian citizens on those planets, and I shall 
not yield them to either the Yorians, nor anyone else."
Tenchi looked mildly surprised; he had seen a lot of things over 
the past few days, but he never imagined he could be as 
*assertive* as that. At least not quite as cold. He looked over to 
Aeka, who was looking at his doppelganger with nothing short of 
awe.
"Sire I mean no disrespect, but I believe the Yorians are prepared 
to go to war for these territories."
Emperor Tenchi seemed to think for a while.
"I have little intention to go to war over something such as 
this," he muttered to himself.
"However," he said, raising his voice, "I will do so if my hand is 
forced. Send a message to the Premier of the Yorian senate that I 
will ensure the sovereignty of my state with militaristic means if 
necessary. If he is so desperate for lands, then I may be able to 
negotiate a settlement with him regarding the Tsugomani System, if 
he so desires. But make it clear that I shall not stand down."
The squire knelling before him nodded.
"I shall relay the message my Lord."
Tenchi nodded.
The regular Tenchi gave a quick sigh. Sometimes he wished he could 
have been as commanding. It may have come in useful during Aeka's 
and Ryoko's enumerate brawls. He saw Aeka lean over to her 
husband.
"I desire you, my Lord."
Tenchi cringed at the implication, as the Emperor simply smiled.
He gave a quick nod to a man standing by his throne. The man stood 
to attention, as everyone else followed suit. The emperor and the 
empress stood up and left the throne room. Tenchi had no intention 
of following them. He drew his sword again and departed from the 
palace.

For the next week or so, he traveled the various worlds that 
constituted his friends' idea of heaven. Mihoshi's was just 
bizarre, with various Tenchi's running around the place. Kiyone's 
saw her in a high placement in the Galaxy Police hierarchy, with 
ample time off to visit her friends on earth. And Washuu's was far 
too complex for him to understand.
All the time Tenchi had neither felt the need to sleep or to eat. 
One thing was for sure. He was 'dead'.

The sight of his friends heartened him, but he still felt the need 
to interact. To talk to somebody. Anybody.
His sword cut the floor to leave Ryo Ohki's world (don't ask) to 
see what bizarre new interpretation he would wind up in. Once 
again he entered the kitchen of his home. He paused when he saw 
the person at the sink. Achika. 
He ran up and tried to hug her. Mother. He hadn't seen her since 
the Kain incident. Again the strange forcefield that prevented 
direct interaction stopped him making contact, but still he didn't 
let go.
There was a familiar opening of a door.
"Tadaima!" 
That was his voice. He turned to see himself come into the 
kitchen. This Tenchi looked just as he did. Same clothes. Same 
build. He watched as Achika gave her son a hug, envious of his 
double. 
"How was school?" she asked.
"Alright. Nothing special happened. Just another typical day."
"Was Yumiko there?"
"Mu-um," Tenchi objected, going a little red.
Achika smiled. "Dad needs some help in the fields, and grandfather 
would also like a hand at the shrine."
"But I've got homework."
Achika smiled and wagged a wooden spoon at him.
"You always have homework. And you never do it."
Tenchi merely shook his shoulders and looked down at the floor.
"What's for dinner?"
"Don't try to change the subject you little terror."
"I'm not so little," retorted Tenchi, standing tall.
"Perhaps not, but they'll be no food for you if you don't get your 
chores done. Now get going."
Tenchi heaved a sigh and left the kitchen, leaving the original 
staring at his mother; she had changed very little over the years. 
She still had the same figure, and the smiling happy face, albeit 
a little more mature. 
Tenchi snapped. Seeing this, what his world should have been like, 
was too much for him. 
"Don't I get this?!" he cried out. "Don't I get to be happy? Why 
aren't I living this?" His legs gave way, and he fell to his 
knees.
"Why?" he whispered.
"Because you're different."
Tenchi gasped and looked around to find out the source of the 
voice. A blue haired figure entered the kitchen.
"Tsunami?"
The goddess nodded.
"What, what are you doing here?"
Tsunami looked around. "This is my domain, so to speak. I exist on 
an astral level, along with all of these dreams."
Tenchi got straight to the point.
"Why haven't I got one of these dreams? Why aren't I in heaven?"
"You should know by now you're different to these others Tenchi. 
You're special."
"I don't want to be special, I never wanted to be special."
"But you are. There's nothing you can do to change this."
"I don't want to spend the rest of my days watching everyone else 
live happily ever after. I don't want to be alone for the rest of 
eternity!"
"You're not alone. I'm here."
"But what about the others?"
"What about them? You want to be living the life of this Tenchi. 
The others don't figure in this reality."
"But I have my mother."
Tsunami sat at one of the Kitchen chairs.
"Do you know how long I've been alone Tenchi?"
Tenchi shook his head.
"Even if I told you it would make no difference, you have no 
concept of such a period of time."
Tenchi suddenly felt very ashamed. He had been alone for... He 
paused. How long had he been here? He voiced his question.
"From who's point of view? From mine, no time at all. From yours, 
a week. From theirs, an eternity."
"Eternity?"
"The time line of the lives of their reality does not change. They 
will never age further than they want to. Time has little meaning 
to them. Your mother will look like that for all eternity unless 
she wishes to age."
"Does she?"
"She wants to see you have children. So she will age. But not much 
further after that."
Tenchi half nodded, accurately reflecting his understanding.
Tsunami turned to face him.
"I want you here with me Tenchi."
Tenchi frowned. "Why?"
"Because I love you."
Tenchi pulled a face. "How is that possible? You're a goddess. I'm 
just-"
"You're just like me Tenchi. That's why you're here."
"You're trying to tell me I'm a god?"
"Not as such. But you are different."
"I still don't buy it. You *love* me?"
The goddess looked down at the table top.
"I was to be merged with Sasami. During that period we exchanged 
thoughts, memories, desires. You were one of them. You've seen 
Sasami's world."
Tenchi merely nodded.
"When she died, my connection was severed, but I still maintain 
part of her. Including the part of her that loved you."
"But that isn't you is it?"
"It is now. There is no way for me to remove these memories or 
desires. Nor do I want to. I have looked forward to this day 
Tenchi. To be with you. I have been lonely as well."
Tenchi watched as the kitchen shimmered into nothingness. He was 
back in the, where ever it was he had first arrived.
"Stay with me Tenchi," Tsunami persisted, holding her hand out 
him. 
"What choice do I have?" he asked, anger and frustration beginning 
to well in his voice.
"Stay here, watching my friends in their own little heavens, or 
spend my life with you?" He paused. "There is another 
alternative."
He summoned his sword and pointed the tip at his head.
"No, please!" cried out Tsunami.
He paused and looked at her. 
"Why? Scared I might go to my own heaven?"
Tsunami shook her head.
"You will cease to exist."
"I'm already dead."
"Only your body is dead. What is here is your soul. Kill that, and 
you are nothing."
"Then why is my soul here?!" he demanded.
"Because you are special. Your soul is unlike anyone else's. It's, 
for want of a better word, unique."
"That doesn't mean anything!" he cried, closing his eyes and 
bringing the sword closer to his forehead. 
Tsunami ran forward.
"Please, please Tenchi don't!"
"How can I trust you?"
"Have I ever lied to you?"
"You just want me here for you!
"I would be lying if I said I didn't, but I would also be lying if 
I said that if you finish what you are starting, you wouldn't 
die."
Tenchi lowered the sword and looked at her. There was a genuine 
look of concern and worry in her eyes. The sword fell from his 
grasp as he dropped to his knees.
"I just want to be happy," he whispered. "Is that too much to 
ask?"
"You will be happy," assured Tsunami, who was now kneeling in 
front on him. He looked up at her face, and her pink eyes. Just 
like Sasami's. But they lacked the sparkle of life and mischief 
that Sasami's eyes held so very often. The were deeper. And 
troubled. 
Tsunami took his hands in hers, and looked him in the eyes.
"I can't offer you what you want Tenchi, but I can try to make you 
happy. Won't you at least let me try?"
He sighed. As he had said before, he hadn't the greatest of 
choices.
He nodded slowly, the fight and frustration drained from his body. 
Tsunami smiled and hugged him hard. 'At least I can touch her', he 
thought to himself.
He suddenly had an anatomy related thought. He ashamedly pushed it 
to one side.
"What do we do for the rest of eternity?" he inquired.
"I have watched over my people since the dawn of time," replied 
Tsunami.
"That it?"
"I haven't had anything else to do," Tsunami said, in a rather 
matter-of-fact way.
"Not very exciting."
"But there are two of us now."
He looked at her, and was surprised to see that Sasami's sparkle 
had somehow appeared in her eyes.
"She is still a part of me," she reminded him.
"I get the feeling I'm not going to forget."
She smiled and pulled him up.
"Don't worry Tenchi, everything will be alright."
He allowed himself a smile. "I've got an eternity to find out."

Emperor Tenchi slowly rocked his daughter in his arms as he stood 
on the balcony of his palace. Somehow his empire seemed of little 
relevance when compared the small child he held before him. Behind 
him stood Aeka, smiling to herself as she watched him carefully 
cradle their daughter. Suddenly she spun around, certain there was 
someone else in the room watching them, but saw no one. In front 
of her stood Tenchi and Tsunami.
"She's lovely isn't she?"
Tenchi nodded. "I bet Aeka's really pleased. A daughter as well. I 
always assumed she would have preferred a daughter."
"Have you ever wanted children Tenchi?" Tsunami asked.
"I've never really thought about it."
Tsunami smiled. "There's no rush. We have all the time in the 
world."
Tenchi stared at her. "We can have children?"
"This is our world Tenchi. We can do whatever we want Tenchi. But 
let's not think of that just yet. I want to see how Sasami's son 
is doing."
With that the two presences vanished, leaving Aeka wondering how 
her world ever came to be so perfect.


Author's notes.

Shit. I REALLY should have been working on my biochemistry essay 
today. Bugger. Oh com' on. "The structure and function of 
cytochrome oxidase." Which would you have picked?
A variation of my concept of heaven. It always confused me. If a 
father died early in life, and his son died late, in heaven, the 
son would be older than his father. How weird would that be? I 
believe in heaven, although I don't quite believe it would as I 
have portrayed it in this fanfic. Might be nice though.

C&C to Daschimdt@hilarity.freeserve.co.uk 

Thanks for reading.

