
Bounty Hunter's Holiday, Pt. 2
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction	
By Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron-bigkwell@juno.com 

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki 
Kajishima, and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the series nor the 
characters, I just write the fiction.  Baron Kazamone is my creation.

This story is based on the OVA continuity, and is a continuation of "Bounty 
Hunter's Holiday, Pt. 1."  Any situation resembling any from the upcoming third 
OVA is purely coincedental.

***

'Should I tell her?' Nagi thought to her as she fumbled with the data crystal in 
her left hand.  She had stood at the dock for almost the entire day, her mind a 
jumbled array of random thoughts.  'I'm not even sure if Ryoko would help me.  
We've had some bad history together.  Should I tell her about how I got this 
data crystal.  Maybe--'  But then, her thoughts were interruped by her former 
enemy calling her name.

"HEY NAGI!  ARE YOU GOING TO STAND THERE ALL NIGHT?  DINNER'S ON!"  Ryoko stood 
in the doorway, gesturing the bounty hunter to get inside.

"Okay, keep you shirt on!" Nagi growled back.  Maybe dinner might put her into a 
more positive mood.  Brooding wasn't helping.

Unlike the morning's breakfast, dinner was along the lines of a typical Japanese 
meal, which included smoked fish and tempura fried shrimp, toasted nori sheets, 
and generous quanities of steamed rice -- all of which was expertly prepared by 
Sasami.  Everyone ate their share and offered the usual praises to Sasami, 
although Nagi had a little trouble handling the chopsticks -- an eating utensil 
she was totally unfamliar with.  Ryoko was more than helpful showing her former 
enemy how to use them in eating her meal.  Afterwards, she was eating her 
dinner, more or less, like a native.

"So how do you like dinner, Nagi?" Sasami asked.

"This is marvelous.  A lot better than what I'm used to normally." the bounty 
hunter said, taking a sip of tea to wash down the rice she had eaten.  "Usually, 
I'd find the nearest tavern and have what they offered -- which most of the time 
wasn't very good."

"Oh really?" Tenchi asked, a shrimp held on his chopsticks.  "How bad was it?"

"Let's just say me and the nearest comode would end up very good friends the 
next day."  Everyone suddered at the thought.

"Boy, I can understand that." Mihoshi said, her mouth full of rice.  Swallowing, 
then drinking tea, she continued, "At one time, the commisary at headquarters 
had this one cassarole.  It didn't look right to me, so I didn't order it. But 
Kiyone," the teal-haired detective's eye nearly popped out of their sockets as 
her partner continued, "she was so hungry after this case, she went ahead and 
ordered it, and the next day--" but before the blonde could continue, Kiyone 
clamped her hands over Mihoshi's mouth.

"I don't think anyone wants to hear about that episode, Mihoshi, so drop it." 
Kiyone said, unclamping her hands from Mihoshi's mouth.

"But Kiyone--"

"I SAID DROP IT!" Kiyone said, her words showing evidence of a threat.

"Okay." Mihoshi said dejectedly.

"Maybe you can tell me after dinner." a voice piped up.

"RYOKO!?!" everyone else yelled.

"Okay," the pirate sighed, "geez, I just wanted to hear what happened to 
Kiyone."

Washu was at the table that night, making up for missing the first two meals.  
She watched Nagi intently during dinner, noting the bounty hunter's expression.  
Other than the praise for Sasami's cooking, Nagi was silent during the meal.  
The childlike genius made a mental note about the bounty hunter's mood as she 
ate as well.  "Liittle Washu?" a wisened voice caught her attention.

"Yes, Lord Katsuhito." Washu answered.

"Ryoko had told me that you needed to see me in your lab later.  Is there 
anything you need?"

Washu eyed the Shinto priest and said, "Why yes.  There is a special project 
that I'm working on and I need your input about certain facts."

Katsuhito raised an eyebrow.  "Oh?  And what about your dimensional tuner that 
you're working on?"

"Still working on it.  It's just that this project came up and it is top 
priority right now.  So how about it, are you going to come in after dinner?"

Katsuhito smiled and said, "Yes, I think I might."  He turned to Tenchi and 
said, "Could you make sure that all my papers in the shirne office are in order 
before you turn in, Tenchi?"

Tenchi looked up and said, "Sure Grandpa.  I just have to get a flashlight 
before I go out."  

Katsuhito nodded and turned to those at the table as he rose.  "Now if you will 
all excuse me, I will go to the lab and talk to Washu for a bit."  With that, 
Washu also excused herself and both herself and the priest walked into the lab 
entrance.

Ryo-Ohki was also eating dinner.  Unlike this morning, she was in her animal 
form, eating carrots with Ken-Ohki.  After both finished their meal, Ryo-Ohki 
turned to Ryoko and said, "Meow, meow-meow meow?"

Ryoko looked at Ryo-Ohki and said, "Sure.  Sounds alright to me."

In turn, Ken-Ohki turned to Nagi and said, "Ciou, ciou-ciou ciou?"

Nagi raised an eyebrow and said, "Okay, but whatever for?"

"Ciou ciou."

"Oh.  Just talk.  Sure, go ahead."  And with that, the two cabbits hopped away 
from the table and out the door.

"I wonder where those two are going?" Sasami asked.

"Ryo-Ohki wanted to talk to Ken-Ohki about something.  Don't ask me what, I 
don't know." Ryoko answered.

After dinner, the dishes were gathered up and taken to the kitchen to be 
cleaned.  Even Ryoko helped out, a fact that surprised Ayeka.  "She's up to 
something." the princess muttered.  "That lazy pirate never does any work around 
the house."

"What about the time I cleaned the house, Ayeka?" Ryoko smugly answered back.  
"You remember, the day that burglar showed up?"

Ayeka struggled for a bit, then came back with, "Well, you haven't done much 
since then."  She then eyed Ryoko suspicously and growled, "This better not be 
an attempt to woo Tenchi, because it won't work."

"It's not." the pirate countered.  She then took Ayeka aside and whispered, "I'm 
going to try to find out what's bothering Nagi.  Better plan on going to bed 
early, Ayeka.  And take Sasami with you."

Ayeka raised an eyebrow and said, "Alright.  Everybody else is going to turn in 
early.  Both Mihoshi and Kiyone are going to bed early because they're going to 
the employment agency tomorrow."  

Ryoko nodded.  Althought Mihoshi and Kiyone were still employed with the Galaxy 
Police, they couldn't transfer the pay that they got into Earth currency.  So 
the two were forced to take part-time jobs so that they could pay Nobuyuki rent 
for their stay at the Masaki home.  The architect, however, said that they could 
stay rent-free, but they refused (at least Kiyone said that; Mihoshi couldn't 
care less.)  However, for some reason or another, (usually because of Mihoshi's 
blunders) the two kept getting fired from the jobs that they could land.  So 
they were forever trying to find new jobs, which was hard because of the sorry 
state of the Japanese ecomomy.

"Good." Ryoko said.  "Well, as soon as we get the table cleaned up, I can get 
set up for the party I got planed for Nagi."

"A party?" Ayeka questioned.

"Yeah." the pirate said.  "What better way to get to the truth than to celebrate 
and get real drunk."

"Really." Ayeka grumbled.  She was allready thinking about another sleepless 
night.

***

It was nine in the evening when everybody except Nagi and Ryoko had either gone 
to bed, or in Washu's case, gone to the lab.  Both cabbits were outside, still 
talking about whatever was on their minds.  Nagi was still kneeling at the 
dining room table, watching what this planet offered as a means of entertainment 
on the television on the wall.  After a while, Ryoko reappeared holding two 
bottles in her hands.  Ryoko was also wearing her blue and gold striped dress, 
with red belt and 'tail.'

Nagi watch the TV a while longer before getting up and streaching.  "I guess 
it's time to turn in." she yawned.  "See you in the morning."

"Not so fast, Nagi." Ryoko said, reaching out an arm and grasping her former 
enemy.  Nagi almost reached for her sword before she realized that it was a 
gentle grasp.  "We've got some celebrating to do." she said as she led Nagi to 
the couches in the living room.

"Celebrating?" Nagi said iritablby.  "Celebrating what?"

Ryoko thought for a moment, then replied, "Well, the first day without killing 
each other sounds nice."

"Are you making this up?  Look, Ryoko, I'm going to bed.  If you want something-
-"

"Oh, but I insist." Ryoko replied, blocking Nagi's way.  "You came here to have 
fun and by golly we're going to have fun."

"Okay, I'll play along." Nagi sighed, figuring Ryoko would get tired later on.  
"What do you have in mind?"  With that, Ryoko produced from behind her back a 
large, brown glass bottle with liquid inside it.  "What's that?" the bounty 
hunter asked.

 "It's called sake." Ryoko anwered.  "It's a drink that is made on these 
islands.  I've gotten very fond of it.  I thought that it would the perfect 
thing for our celebration."

Nagi smiled.  "That's sounds about right."  Ryoko then handed the bottle over to 
her, after which she turned to get the drinking impliments.  The bounty hunter's 
eyebrows rised slightly as she held it.  "Ryoko, why is this bottle -- warm?"

"Oh sake is much better warmed up.  You like it, trust me."  The pirate then 
handed Nagi a small porceline saucer, then took the sake bottle from Nagi and 
poured a portion into it.  Ryoko then poured herself a serving.  She then raised 
the saucer in front of Nagi.  "Well, here's to a long friendship."

"Okay," Nagi said, "to friendship."  Both women saluted each other with their 
drinks, then each took a sip.  Nagi's eyes went wide, and a small flush came 
over her cheeks.  "Wow!" she said.  "This is strong stuff."

"That's why I like it." Ryoko said.  "I love getting drunk and this is the best 
way to get there."

"Not much taste in it, though." Nagi commented.  "What's it made from?"

"Rice." the pirate answered.  "Some people call this a wine, but I seriously 
doubt it.  Wines are usually made from fruit, and are not as strong as this.  
So, what do you want to do now?"

Nagi sat herself down on the couch opposite of Ryoko, who sat down herself.  "I 
don't really know.  You got any ideas?"

Ryoko looked up, sipped her sake, then said, "How about talking about old times 
together?"

"Why do you want to talk about that?" the bounty hunter said.  "We were trying 
to kill each other in the past."

"Why not?" Ryoko shruged.  "Maybe we can find out what went wrong in the past.  
Or maybe try to learn from what happened."

"That sounds fair." Nagi said, then downed her sake before getting another 
drink.

***

Washu watched on her monitor as her daughter and Nagi proceded with their 
celebration.  Although she could simply listen in on Ryoko's mind, she thought 
that this was less intrusive that mental monitoring.  Hopefully, Ryoko would get 
to the root of the problem that is troubling Nagi, and find out about the 
mysterious data crystal she posseses.

"How are things going on Ryoko's end." a voice came from the shadows.

"They've just started, Lord Katsuhito." Washu answered.  "I guess Ryoko's got 
the right idea to get Nagi to open up.  Besides," the childlike scientist 
answered as she turned to Katsuhito's direction, "it might be just the thing to 
put aside their differences once and for all."

Katsuhito stepped out of the shadows.  However, this was not the elderly Shinto 
priest that the light shone on, but the youthful Juraian warrior/prince Yosho 
that had greeted Washu.  "That's nice.  I had a feeling those two would get 
along."  He then studied Washu's face, noting no change in it.  "You don't seem 
too surprised about seeing me in my true form."

"When you've lived for twenty thousand years like I have, there aren't too many 
things that can surprise you." Washu replied.  "Besides, I've sensed that 
Tsunami may have something to do about your appearence."

"Oh?" Katsuhito answered, raising an eyebrow.  "Do you and Tsunami share 
something in common?"

A distant look came over Washu, as if recalling a long forgotten memory.  "I 
can't really tell.  Ever since that little to-do with that idiot Clay, I've 
sensed that there was something different about me -- like there was something 
more to my existence.  I do know, however, that I believe that she is my 
sister."  Washu then waved off the thought like brushing off a fly.  "Well 
that's enough about me.  What did Lady Funaho have to say?"

"Strangly, Mother is in complete agreement with you, provided if there is proof 
about what you had theroized.  And she is relieved that Ken-Ohki had been found 
and is in good hands."

Washu smiled.  "I thought she'd be pleased."  She then turned back towards the 
monitor.  "I've got a feeling that pretty soon, we'll get the proof that Nagi 
needs."

Katsuhito walks beside Washu, also watching the monitor, "As do I, Washu."  He 
then turned to her and asked, "Do you have any spare space that I could use?  I 
don't really want to disturb the ladies if I go back to the shrine."

"I always keep spare cots on hand.  First door to the left.  I'll let you know 
if we got something." 

***

It was two in the morning when Tenchi left his bedroom to answer nature's call.  
He was mildly surprised that Ryoko was not hovering over his bed, watching over 
him.  He was wondering where she was when he heard drunken laughing downstairs.  
He recognized Ryoko's voice as one of them, and the new voice he figured was 
Nagi.  'How strange,' Tenchi thought, 'to think that yesterday they were trying 
to kill each other.  Sounds like they're enjoying themselves now.  I wonder how 
long this would last.  Hopefully forever, they had trouble in their lives.'  He 
was about to open the toilet door when it slid open, reveling Kiyone as she was 
stepping out.  "Oops." Tenchi blundered.  

"Oh, it's you, Tenchi." Kiyone said, equally surprised.  "For a minute, I 
thought I was going to run into Mihoshi.  She usually goes to the bathroom at 
this time of night, especially after guzzling a lot ot tea."  She then looked at 
Tenchi and asked, "So, those two downstairs keeping you awake."

"Oh no, just have to use the bathroom, that's all.  Are they keeping YOU awake, 
Kiyone?"

The teal-haired detective answered, "Not really.  I've allways been a light 
sleeper.  Been like that since Acadamy days.  Tenchi," Kiyone thought about what 
she said next, "you really surprised me yesterday.  I can understand why the 
rest of these girls think so highly of you, especially Ayeka and Ryoko.  How do 
you ever find the patience to put up with those two?"

"It's not easy, Kiyone." Tenchi answered.  "With all the damage those two cause, 
it's a wonder that they didn't drive me off sooner."  He glanced over the the 
room that Kiyone shared with Mihoshi.  "How is she sleeping?"

Kiyone quietly laughed, "Like a rock.  I'm so amazed at how easlily she can fall 
asleep.  It doesn't matter where, even when we're on-duty, or when there's so 
much noise that make a narcaleptic awake, she allways manages to nod off."  Her 
look suddenly got serious.  "Tenchi, that woman that helped out Nagi yesterday -
-" 

"You mean Tsunami?"

"Yes.  I noticed that there was something about the way she looked, almost like 
an older Sasami.  Why is that?"

"Oh that.  Sasami nearly got killed when Ryoko attacked Jurai seven hundred 
years ago.  Ryoko didn't even know that it happened.  Anyway, Tsunami used her 
powers to assimilate with Sasami.  They're more or less the same person, 
although Sasami believes that she is a copy of the original Sasami."

Kiyone's blue eyes went wide.  "Really.  And there still have their own minds?"

Tenchi scratched his head.  "Well, yes, at least until Sasami gets older."

"And then what?"

"I really don't know.  Washu still can't figure out why I can form Lighthawk 
wings."  Tenchi then looked into Kiyone's eyes, "Look, I wouldn't ask Sasami 
anything about what we've talked about.  She's worried about this enough for us 
to ask some needless questions."

"Don't worry, if she doesn't ask, I'll try not to talk about it."  Kiyone then 
slid the door to her and Mihoshi's room open.  "Well, see you at breakfast 
tommorow, Tenchi.  'Night."

"Yeah, good night." Tenchi said, smiling.  A new burst of laughter came from 
downstairs.  He wanted to listen to what was funny, but the pressure on his 
bladder told him otherwise.

***

"-- and then, you had the >hic< nerve to fly into that ice field!  Drove me 
>hic< nuts trying to find you!" Nagi slurred, her movements as unsteady as her 
speech.

"Hey, I had >urp< no choice." Ryoko's was also in the same condition, after the 
both of them had consumed one bottle of sake and now the two were working on the 
second bottle (Ryoko had bought three.)  "Besides, it was either that or >hic< 
try to skirt that black hole's >hic< event horizon.  C'mon, admit it, it was fun 
>hic< the way you chased me."

Nagi's face shows a small smile.  "I guess you're >urp< right.  Even though I 
was commited to seeing you dead, half the fun was >hic< trying to get you."  She 
then looks at Ryoko and says, "And I believe that it was fun for you trying to 
get away."

"It was practically the only fun I was ever allowed." Ryoko answered, a distant 
look covering her face.  "Well, now that we've gotten over trying to kill each 
other, looks like we're >hic-urp< going to have to find other ways to have fun."  
Then both girls erupted in laughter.  But then, Nagi gradually stopped laughing, 
starting to sob quietly, then suddenly began crying loudly.

Ryoko looked upon this new mood with some curiosity.  "Hey," she said, "It's not 
like that you have to go looking for fun right away.  We can allways go bar-
hopping later this week."

"It's not that." Nagi sobbed.  "Ryoko, I'm scared.  I don't know what to do."

"Scared?"  Ryoko realized that this might be the opportunity that she hoped 
would happen.  

"Yes.  I feel like the hand of Jurai is reaching out to -- to kill me.  I've 
attacked the royal family," she held out the data crystal, "and I think that 
this is the noose that will hang me."

"What is it?" Ryoko said, knowing full well that she allready knew what it might 
hold.

"It was how I found you." Nagi said, drying her tears.  "A member of Jurai's 
Holy Council had given me this data crystal, which gave the exact location of 
where you are, as well as a complete map of this planet."  The bounty hunter's 
face became sullen.  "He told me that there is nothing that will incriminate me, 
but he's told so many lies that I doubt that's true now."

"Who?  Who gave you this, Nagi."

"Baron Kazamone.  His son was killed when you attacked Jurai -- or so he 
claims."  Ryoko felt her blood grow cold at those words.  Nagi shook her head.  
"I just don't know what to do."

Ryoko looks over at Nagi, then takes her hand, the one with the crystal and 
says, "Well, why don't you give that to me and we'll see if Washu can help with 
this."  She takes the crystal gently from Nagi's hand.

"Do you think she can?  I mean after all--"

"Hey take it easy, we're good friends with the royal family -- well, at least 
with Funaho and Misaki, I don't really know about Azusa.  I certain that we can 
find something to get you off the hook."

Nagi face shows some relief.  "I hope so.  I was wracking my brain all day, 
trying to find out what to do."

"That's what friends are for." Ryoko said, struggling to get off the couch.  
"And I like to think that I can be your friend now.  You really should have come 
to us sooner."  She then turns around and finds Nagi passed out, her head on the 
armrest.  Smiling, Ryoko repositions Nagi's feet on the couch, covers her with 
her own cloak, then staggers off to the broom closet door.

***

The subspace teleporter transported Ryoko to the lab which Washu had monitored 
the events at the house.  The former pirate staggers to the childlike scientist, 
who was seated on her floating pillow.  Handing her the crystal, Ryoko says, 
"You got the name?"

"Indeed I have.  Nicely done, Little Ryoko." Washu says, knowing that Ryoko 
didn't like hearing that reference but did anyway.  "I must admit, she sure took 
a while before letting you know."

"Yeah >hic<, I guess maybe we can find out if we can help her."

"Don't worry, Ryoko," a new voice said, "you've given her the proof she needs, 
provided we can accertain the source of her information."  Behind her, Katsuhito 
strolls in, having resumed his aged appearance.  "So, it is Kazamone who had 
provided the information.  I'm not surprised."

"You know this guy?" Ryoko drawled, having found a floating pillow to lay down 
on.

"Unfortunatly, yes.  He was one of the greatest critics of my mother, and he 
caused my aunt Misaki no end of misery."

"Really?" Ryoko asked.  "Why's that?"

Katsuhito paused for a moment.  "He was of the opinion that my father should 
have not married my mother, because she was not born on Jurai.  He believed that 
only those of pure Juraian blood should rule, as were many at that time.  He was 
also closely associated with the Amaki clan, who hated my father's clan, the 
Masakis.  He had hoped that Father would choose his son to marry Ayeka, but was 
clearly disappointed when she and I were betrothed."

"Well, I feel kinda bad that I was the one who killed his son when Kagato had me 
attack Jurai.  That was why he gave that crystal to Nagi."

"That's strange." Katsuhito said, his left eyebrow raising slightly and 
scratching his chin.  "From what I remember, his son was nowhere near Jurai when 
you attacked."

"WHAT!?!"  Ryoko's bloodshot gold eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as she 
shot up from the cushion.

"That's true.  He was at Galaxy Police headquarters on a diplomatic mission when 
you attacked." Katsuhito answered. 

Washu looked upon the two and mulled over this new information.  "Hmmm -- from 
what I've heard, I've got a bad feeling that there is more to this than what we 
know.  Lord Katsuhito," she said to the priest, "do you think you can get Ayeka 
to come here in the morning.  She may have some information about Kazamone after 
you two had left."

"I will see to that right after breakfast tomorrow." Katsuhito said.

"Good." Washu said.  "Meanwhile, I'll examine this crystal to see if we can 
prove that it was this Kazamone character who accesed the information and not 
Nagi.  He's probably remove any obvious indicators of his identity from the 
information, so I'd better look deeper into the information itself.  Ryoko," she 
said, turning towards her daughter, "is there anything else that--" only to 
discover Ryoko passed out on the pillow.

"Hmmm -- looks like the evening's events finally caught up with her." Katsuhito 
observed.

"Looks that way." Washu added.  "Oh well, I might as well prepare some hangover 
remedy for both her and Nagi.  You know what a bear Ryoko is the morning after."

"Indeed.  I believe it would be prudent if you move Ryoko next to the bathroom, 
if you understand what I mean."

"That I do.  Besides, the crystal can wait until morning.  Best to attack the 
problem with a fresh head."  Washu then typed a few equations into her 
holographic laptop, afterwards two hyposprays appeared.  Taking the two in hand, 
she placed them on a counter.  "Well, we're ready for the morning, so it's best 
that we get some shuteye.  G'night, Lord Katsuhito." Washu said, retreating to 
her room.

"And good night to you, Little Washu." Katsuhito returned, covering Ryoko with a 
blanket before retiring himself.

***

The next morning --

"HURRY UP, MIHOSHI, OR THE AGENCY IS GOING TO CLOSE BEFORE WE GET THERE!!!" 
Kiyone yelled, a piece of toast clutched in one hand and a cup of coffee in the 
other.

"Right behind you, Kiyone -- OUCH!!!" Mihoshi howed, banging her shin on the low 
dining room table as she raced from the kitchen.

"You two are going to miss breakfast." Sasami called out.

"Sorry, Sasami, we don't have any time." Kiyone said.  "C'mon Mihoshi, let's go 
before we miss the bus."

"Okay, okay." Mihoshi said, limping behind her partner.  Soon both women had 
raced out the door.

Nagi meanwhile, clutched her head in pain as all this commotion was going on.  
Drinking this heavily had always given her such a hangover, but this was the 
first time she had a sake hangover, and it was twice as bad.  Her head hurt, her 
stomach twisted and churned, and everything she looked at only made those 
sensations even worse.  She was beginning to wonder if dying would give her 
relief.

It was at that moment that Washu had came out of the closet door, clutching a 
hypospray.  "Good, you're awake," she said in a low voice, "how are you feeling 
this morning?"

"I'll answer if you stop yelling." Nagi grumbled, pulling herself up.  She then 
jumped as Washu injected her with the hypospray.  "What was that!?!" she said 
defensivly.

"Oh don't worry, it's just a little something I've whipped up to handle 
hangovers.  I've had to give a lot of these to Ryoko.  Sasami," she called out 
to the kitchen, "I'm taking Nagi to the lab.  Why don't you bring breakfast in 
there after you're through?"

"Okay, Washu.  Oh, there's some coffee brewed in here.  I'll bring Nagi a cup."

"Thank you, Sasami." the greatest scientific genius in the universe called out.

"Excuse me, but what exactly is coffee?" Nagi asked.

"A commom beaverge, originally native to the Middle Easten region of this 
planet.  That remedy I gave you accually works better if you drink some coffee.  
Oh that reminds me."  Washu then turns to the kitchen, "Sasami, as long as you 
are getting Nagi some coffee, could you get Ryoko a cup.  You know how she likes 
hers."

"Okay, Washu.  Thanks for telling me."  A few seconds later, Sasami brings a 
small cart over to the couch.  On the cart was the breakfast, which consisted of 
muffins and fruit, with steaming pots of tea and coffee on top.  Sasami handed a 
cup to Nagi, who looked at the dark brown liquid doubtfully.  

Nagi took a sip, then made a strange face.  "Ugggh -- pretty bitter."

"You might want to add cream and sugar to that." Washu said, pointing to the 
small bowl and pitcher on the cart.  Nagi then takes a spoon from the cart, 
removes a portion of the small white crystals that it held, looked at them, then 
deposited the spoonfull into her cup.  She stirred the coffee around, took a 
sip, then nodded aprovingly.

"This is much better." Nagi said, taking another sip.

"Good.  We'll sit and wait here for Ayeka and Tenchi to get downstairs." Washu 
said.  "In the meantime, why don't you try the muffins Sasami baked?"  She 
pointed to said muffins on the cart.

"I'd rather wait until I get to the lab, as soon as everyone comes down."  No 
sooner that those words were said that Ayeka and later Tenchi walked down the 
stairs.  The princess yawned rather loudly.  "Anything wrong, Princess?" the 
bounty hunter asked.

"I'll tell you what's wrong," Ayeka said in an irritated tone, "it's that you 
and Ryoko were keeping me awake almost all night with you two laughing like a 
pair of drunken hyenas.  And then you suddenly started crying as though someone 
had taken away your toys.  It was only after the noise stopped that I was able 
to get to sleep."

"I'm sorry that we've disturbed you, Ayeka."  Nagi then turned to Sasami.  "Were 
you able to get to sleep yourself?"

"Now that's a silly question." Sasami answered.  "Of course.  I'm allways able 
to get to sleep no matter what happens."

Washu then clapped her hands at everyone.  "Allright people, let's gather 
ourselves up and head to the lab.  There is a lot that we've got to talk about -
- namely about Nagi's little problem."  And so, the group lined up at the closet 
door and walked inside.

***

The whole group found themselves in the first planet of Washu's lab, the 
arboritum.  Ryoko was allready there, looking absolutly miserable.  The 
bloodshot look in her eyes was still there, and her face looked like she was in 
pain.  Nagi sauntered up to Ryoko, with two coffee cup in her hand.  "My my, you 
look pretty chipper today, Ryoko."

"Oh shut up, Nagi." the cyan-haired pirate growled, her hangover obviously in 
full force.  She had allready received her dose of Washu's hangover remedy and 
eagerly accepted the coffee cup, which she downed in one gulp.  Nagi was quite 
impressed.  Coffee was not normally gulped -- especially since it was very fresh 
(and very hot) at the time.  

"It's amazing you didn't burn your throat swallowing your coffee like that." 
Nagi said, who sipped hers cautiously.

"That's just for the first cup." Ryoko groaned, accepting the refill (she drinks 
hers black -- no sugar) and sipping it this time.

"So, why are we all here, Little Washu?" Tenchi asked, taking a muffin and an 
orange from the cart, as well as a cup of tea.

"I wanted to fill you in what I've discovered about Nagi's problem so far." 
Washu said.  She then proceeds to tell the group what they had discovered the 
previous night.  Nagi had listened in, and what she heard had filled her with 
unbridled rage, especially the part that Kazamone's son was still alive.

"Of all the cheap, miserable, coniving -- when I get ahold of that bastard, he's 
going to wish that he was dead!" Nagi snarled, her blood-red eyes narrowed into 
slits.

"Hold on," Washu said, holding up her hands, "there's more we've got to talk 
about.  Now Ayeka, I want to know what exactly happened after Ryoko's attack.  
Was there anything about Kazamone that you want to add?"

"Well," Ayeka began, "a year after Yosho gone after Ryoko, Baron Kazamone 
aproached Father about an arangement of marriage between myself and his son.  Of 
course, Father was opposed to the idea, having faith that Yosho would return.  
And strangly enough, Kazamone's son was opposed to marrying me as well.  That 
didn't deter that bigot, though, as he continued to pester Father in having his 
son marry me.  It was one of the reasons that he allowed me and Sasami to find 
Yosho."

"Apparently, you don't like Kazamone as well." Washu observed.

"How can I like him?  He called Lady Funaho all sorts of dispairinging names, 
all because she was born on Earth.  And Mother would allways be crying because 
of that."

"Mother, however, took Kazamone's insults in stride." Katsuhito added.  "She 
allways believed that everyone, no matter wrong they were, were entitled to 
their own opinion."

"Indeed." Washu added.  "However, from what else I've dug up about the dear 
baron, there were others who dissagreed with him and made their displeasure 
known."  She called up a list and displayed it to her guests.  "About five 
hundred years after you left, Ayeka, the baron and his son had a major 
disagreement and parted company -- over the son's decision to marry the daughter 
of the Seniwa prefect.  Kazamone was one of the major critics of the Great 
Treaty between Seniwa and Jurai and still considers Seniwa an ememy of Jurai.  
And last year, the baron's wife asked that their marriage be dissolved and is 
now living with her son on the Seniwa homeworld."

"Apparently, Kazamone's prejudges have had a detrimental effect on his home 
life." Ayeka commented.

"Not to mention his political career." Washu said.  "His power base over the 
centuries had shrunken, not to mention there is hardly any members in the Holy 
Council who share in his views.  He may not be able to retain his seat the next 
time the Holy Council votes."

"But I don't understand one thing." Nagi said.  "What does this have to do with 
me attacking Ryoko?  As far as I can tell, this is light years beyond that."

Washu placed one finger on her chin.  "Well I have a therory -- suppose the 
baron found a way to remove the one heir to the Jurai throne and make it look 
like an accident.  By birthright, Lord Katsuhito, or Prince Yosho if you prefer, 
is first in line to the Jurai throne."

"However," Katsuhito interups, "I cannot leave this planet because my tree is 
trapped on this world, nor do I have the inclination to leave even if it 
wasn't."

"Exactly." Washu says.  "So logicaly, and I'm sorry to say this, Ayeka, Yosho's 
posision would be filled by the next male heir in line -- in that case, Tenchi." 
She points to him.  "Now Kazamone doesn't believe that part-Juraians should 
rule, so he has to find a way to get rid of Tenchi.  That's where you come in, 
Nagi.  He knows that Ryoko is here on Earth, so he hacks his way in the Supreme 
Council's database, steals the nessicary informantion, cleans the data of any 
incriminating identity codes, and gives this information to Nagi.  He must have 
figured that Tenchi would try to rescue Ryoko once Nagi got her hands on her, 
and in the insuing fight gets himself killed by her."  Washu folds her arms 
across her chest and smiles.  "Assasination by proxy.  And with no proof to 
clear her, Nagi would fall victim to either the Jurai military or the Galaxy 
Police.  He stay safe, and with Ayeka the only heir to Azusa's line, she becomes 
empress.  However, before she can take the throne, she must marry another member 
of royalty.  Kazamone still has strong ties to the Amaki clan, so I assume that 
he can still wrangle someone in that clan to marry her.  And that new empror can 
give the baron all the favors that he desires."

Everyone was silent for a while.  Nagi clenched her hands before she spoke.  
"You have found something to help me, haven't you?"

"Indeed I did." Washu said, smiling.  "You know, the one beauty of these data 
crystals is that you can place data anywhere -- even INSIDE the data you're 
sending.  That's why they're favored over magnetic media.  Sure Kazamone erased 
his identity code from the crystal, but that same code was also in the data he 
gave you.  The only way that he could possibly remove it completely was to erase 
the crystal totally.  But that little gem of information is not well known.  
When I looked into the data, I found his code all over the information."

Nagi breathed a heavy sigh.  "Thanks.  That's a whole load off my shoulders."

"Not so fast." Washu said.  "That's just proof that Kazamone gave you the data.  
What we really need is proof that it was Kazamone who told you to go after 
Ryoko.  If we had a copy of your conversation with him --"

Nagi's eyes went wide, as if remembering something.  "I should have thought of 
this before.  Hold on a minute."  She rummaged thru the pouch strapped on her 
belt for a minute.  "Ha!  There it is!"  She extracted her hand from the pouch, 
reveling another data crystal.  "I completely forgot about this crystal.  This 
is the conversation that I had with him, on this crystal."

"You weren't thinking about extorting anything from him?" Katsuhito asked 
warningly.

"Of course not.  I don't believe in blackmail.  If I don't get paid, I don't get 
paid.  However, if someone tries to screw with me, like what this baron tried to 
do with me, then I just copy the information to another crystal, leave it 
descreetly to the law, and erase the crystal.  Like the baron's copy, it's on 
parlamentary grade media.  I know where to get crystals like that -- very 
legally and very descreetly."

"Wait a minute." Tenchi added.  "Washu, you said that this all was so that Nagi 
could kill me.  Didn't the baron know about my lighthawk wings?"

"That's the thing:  He didn't."  Washu continued.  "In my conversation with Lady 
Funaho last year, I found out that only immediete members of the royal family 
know about your powers, Tenchi.  And the Supreme Council are the the only ones 
who know about where you and Ryoko live.  Remember, Kazamone's a member of the 
HOLY Council, and they are not privvy to that information."  Washu paced across 
the floor of the arboritum.  "There's still a lot of things that we have to plan 
for, before we net this jerk for what he's done."

"The baron will deny everything if we confront this to him directly." Ayeka 
observed.

Washu nodded.  "Right.  So we're going to have to find a way to get him to 
incriminate himself in a way that he can't deny it.  It's going to take me the 
better part of the week to get everything ready though."

"That's fine for you people," Nagi said, "but what am I going to do while you do 
all of this?"

"I'll tell you what you're going to do," Ryoko said, tossing Nagi a muffin and 
an orange, "you're going to have fun like you're susposed to do."  Nagi gave 
Ryoko a dirty look.  "Oh don't so doubtful.  You'll have a blast."

"Like last night." Nagi growled.  "You got me drunk just to find this out."

"That was different." Ryoko countered.  "You'll have fun, trust me."

Nagi's frown turned into a lopsided grin.  "Okay.  Just take it easy on the 
sake.  That remedy's helping, but I can't take another one of those hangovers."

"Okay people," Washu said, pushing everyone out, "I've got a lot of work to do, 
and you people are making way too much noise."

"I'm not that noisy." Katsuhito observed.

"And you," Washu pointed to the priest/prince, "haven't you got a shrine to tend 
to?  Out everyone, just leave me a few muffins, an apple and some tea and I'll 
be fine."  And with that, everyone filed out of the door that had appeared out 
of thin air.  As soon as everyone was clear, Washu sits herself down at her 
pillow and called up her laptop to begin planning.

"Meow."

"Huh?" Washu said.

"Ciou."

Washu looked down on the floor and saw both Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki sitting.  Ryo-
Ohki was in her cabbit form.

"Oh, it you two.  So Ryo-Ohki, you've talked to Ken-Ohki?"

"Meow-meow."

"Okay.  And what do you have to say, Ken-Ohki?"

"Ciou-ciou-ciou."

"Oh good.  It shouldn't take long to get everything together.  Just give me some 
time to get this little thing and we'll get to it.  Now you two just hop on out 
of here and let Mama get to work, okay?"

"Meow!"

"Ciou!"  And with that, both cabbits hop through the little cabbit door outside, 
while Washu gets to work.

***

Author's notes -- Well, another story done.  And we still have to get to the end 
of this story.  Not to mention what to do with the baron.  Just give me time and 
I'll get to the end of this story.

One more thing -- You can now access my TMFFA fics on my AOL website.  Just go 
to the URL listed below and click on the link below.  And don't worry, I still 
got my Juno e-mail address, which is where I submit my stories thru.  

So until part 3 ---LATER

bigkwell@juno.com

http://hometown.aol.com/bigkwell/myhomepage/profile.html

****

9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD - The real heroes

 

  



 

 





  



 



 

  
 

