Bounty Hunter's Holiday, Part 3
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron - bigkwell@juno.com
http://hometown.aol.com/bigkwell/myhomepage/profile.html

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters was created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki Kajishima 
and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the characters, nor the 
series.  I just write the fiction.  Baron Kazamone is my creation.

This is based on the OVA continuity, and is a continuation of "Bounty Hunter's 
Holiday, Pt. 2."  Any situation resembling that of the upcoming third OVA is 
purely coincidental.

***

"That's it, Sasami.  Watch them carefully and make sure they don't burn."  
Tenchi, Sasami, Ayeka and Washu were gathered around the small fire on the 
ground, with Tenchi and Sasami poking at the fire with small sticks.  Tenchi was 
showing Sasami how to roast sweet potatoes, which was something he had done 
since he was a kid.

"Watch yourself, Sasami.  You do not want to get burned yourself." Ayeka 
cautioned, a little bit nervous about her sister sitting so close to a fire.

"Don't worry about her, Ayeka," Washu reasured, "she's too good of a cook to be 
careless."  Washu welcomed this change of pace, after spending a complete day in 
her lab.  She had been buzy preparing to aid Nagi when she would eventually 
confront Baron Kazamone and thought that a little break from her routine would 
do her good.  "Besides," the childlike genius said, "I've never tried fire-
roasted sweet potatoes before."

"Well you're going to love them, Washu." Tenchi said.  "Everytime fall comes 
around, I always look forward to roasting sweet potatoes.  I'm sure you'll like 
them too, Ayeka." 

"Why yes, I'm certain that they will be delicious," the purple-haired princess 
said, "but tell me, Lord Tenchi, why did you choose this place to do it."  The 
four were gathered in front of the cave that Ryoko was imprisoned for seven 
hundred years.  "I mean, it doesn't seem to be a ideal place, particuarlly if 
Ryoko was watching you, if her story holds up water that is."

"I've always roasted potatoes here." Tenchi said.  "I've always liked this 
place, even though Grandpa always telling me to stay away."

"Yeah," Ryoko said, teleporting next to Tenchi, "so stop complaining."  The 
cyan-haired pirate then snuggled up to Tenchi, who did a very good impression of 
cringing.

"Oooo, just like you to be so blunt!" Ayeka snapped.  "Well it's about time you 
got here, since this gathering was after all your idea!  So anyway, when are we 
going to eat?  I like to get this over with."

"In a minute, Ayeka," Ryoko said soothingly, "we've got to wait for one more 
person."

"Someone else is coming?" Sasami asked.

"Yes, Ryoko?" Washu added.  "Who else is coming?"

Before Ryoko could answer, a very loud screaming was heard from behind the 
group.  "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING, RYOKO!!  PUT ME DOWN THIS INSTANT!!!"  
Soon, another Ryoko teleported over the group, carrying Nagi with her.  Soon the 
two settled down gently over the startled crowd (only the first Ryoko was not 
startled.)  The bounty hunter brushed her shoulder and started to the group.  
"Okay, now what the. . . "  Nagi's eyes went wide, then her head started darting 
back and forth between the two Ryokos.

"What took you so long?" the first Ryoko said to the second.

"Nagi was reading a book.  So I had to force the issue."  and with that, the two 
Ryokos merged into one.

Nagi (and everyone else except Ryoko) sweatdroped after seeing this.  "That was 
the first time I've ever seen her do THAT!" the bounty hunter said.  She then 
turned to her former rival.  "Alright, now what exactly have you got in mind, 
Ryoko.  I was buzy reading this book that I found."

"Well," Ryoko said, "I thought that you might want some sweet potatoes Tenchi's 
got roasting."

"What are those?" Nagi asked.

"Who cares?  Let's eat already." Ryoko said, looking at the fire.  And as if on 
cue, Tenchi raked out of the fire one after one potato, its skin carbonized from 
the fire, but otherwise entact.  Tenchi then grabbed one thoughtfully brought 
napkin and wrapped a good-sized potato, then handed it to Nagi.

"Here.  Be sure to peel it first, then eat it.  But be careful, it's hot." 
Tenchi cautioned.

Nagi then excepted the potato, studied it carefully, peeled the skin, then took 
a small bite from the yellow-orange flesh.  "It's delicious.  It's tastes just 
like k'anna root."

"K'anna root?" Tenchi questioned.  "What is that?"

"It's a vegetable native to my homeworld." Nagi said.  "It it easily cultivated, 
but the wild roots are prefered.  My mother used to take me up to the hill, 
where we would gather. . ."  However, before she could finish, Nagi started 
choking on her words, then she started sobbing.

"Is there anything wrong?" Sasami asked.

"Yes, you appear quite distressed." Ayeka added.  Ryoko looked upon this and 
cringed at what was to happen next.

"It's nothing." Nagi said, wiping her eyes.  "It's just that. . ." the bounty 
hunter sniffed briefly, "me and my mother were gathering k'anna roots the day 
our planet was attacked."

Ryoko's gut twisted as tears started streaming from her golden eyes.  "Look 
Nagi, I'm sorry about bringing you here.  I didn't know that something like this 
would. . ."

"It's alright." Nagi interrupted.  "Like Tsunami showed me, it wasn't your fault 
that Kagato used you to attack my world."  She then took another bite of her 
sweet potato and said, "Besides, it's nice to have a little taste of home every 
once in a while."  Nagi's attention then turned to the cave.  "So, what is so 
special about this place, Tenchi?  Looks like an old cave to me." 

Before Tenchi could answer, Sasami piped up.  "Oh that's the cave Ryoko was in 
before Tenchi freed her.  It was her home for seven hundred years."

"So that's where you were all this time." Nagi said, looking at Ryoko.  The 
cyan-haired pirate could only look sheepishly.  "So how come you didn't get out 
of there sooner?"

"I couldn't." Ryoko answered.  "Tenchi's grandfather had taken the gems that I 
had and placed them on the pommel of Tenchi-ken.  He then used the sword to keep 
me prisoner here for that time.  It took me the better part of that time to 
create a new gem, and during that time, I was able to project my astral self 
outside the cave.  It was here that I watched Tenchi grow up."

"Or so you say." Ayeka interruped.  "I for one find that idea proposturous.  
Maybe you were just halucanating while you laid in that cave as a dried-up 
mummy."

"ARE YOU CALLING ME A LIAR!?" Ryoko screamed, her hands crackling with energy.

Ayeka readied her defenses.  "Well you haven't offered any proof to back your 
claims."

Both Tenchi and Nagi got between the two, while Washu shielded Sasami.  "Alright 
you two," Tenchi said firmly, "calm down.  I don't want any fights here, got 
it?"

"She called me a liar, Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled.

"I did nothing of the sort." Ayeka added in your own defense.  "Please Miss 
Ryoko, listen to me.  I have no doubt that what you may have seen was true.  But 
listen to reason.  You were buried in that cave for over seven hundred years.  
Isn't it possible that the passage of years may have caused you to halucinate?"

Ryoko looked at Ayeka with destress in her eyes.  "But I DID see Tenchi grow up!  
I really did!"  She looked at Tenchi, hoping that he might support her.  But 
even she could see that he had doubts.

"Well, Ayeka does have a point." Tenchi said.  "You were in that cave for a very 
long time."

Ryoko was almost in tears.  "But it's true." she said sullenly.  "I remember the 
day that your grandmother had died.  It was a light snow, almost dusk.  You came 
stumbling in the dark, crying as you went.  You slipped on a rock before 
reaching the cave enterance, but didn't get up.  You just laid there, sobbing 
and calling out her name, while I came down and tried to comfort you."  Ryoko 
was almost breaking down, the tears in her eyes flowwing like a salty waterfall.  
"I knew that you wouldn't feel my hand, but I sat there, keeping you company 
until your grandfather came to take you home.  You >sob< had a small wound on 
your right knee, where you landed when you slipped.  Excuse me, everyone."  And 
with that, Ryoko ran away from the cave enterance.

It was a few seconds before Washu said, "You better keep an eye on those 
potatoes, Sasami."

"Oh." Sasami said, who was captivated with Ryoko's story.

"Poor girl." Ayeka said, almost sympathticly.  "I guess the truth of the matter 
hurt her more that I thought."

"She was right, Ayeka." Tenchi finally said.

"What?" the purple-haired princess said, her eyes wide.

"Everything Ryoko said was true.  She even described the knee I skinned when I 
fell.  I never told anyone about that day."  A look of surprise came over 
Ayeka's face as she digested this piece of information.  Tenchi them got up.  "I 
better go and appoligize to her."

"I'll find her." Nagi said, putting her hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  "You just 
make sure those potatoes are done."  She then set out on the same path Ryoko 
took in her departure.  She didn't go far.

Ryoko was standing by a clump of trees, sobbing openly near them.  Nagi walked 
up silently behind her.  "A little too proud to cry in front of others, are we 
Ryoko?"  Startled, Ryoko swung around, hands crackling with energy.  Then she 
saw Nagi and powered down, afterwhich she roughly wiped the tears from her eyes.  
"Still jumpy even though we've buried the hatchet." the bounty hunter remarked 
as she handed the cyan-haired pirate a hankerchef, which Ryoko accected in an 
all-too-fast way.

"Sorry about that," Ryoko said, "force of habit, y'know."  She blew her nose and 
continued.  "Nagi, why doesn't Tenchi always have to take Ayeka's side in these 
things?  I was hoping that that one day he would choose me over that damn 
princess, but I always seems to yell at me or take Ayeka's side in an augument."

"You tend to be a little bit on the wild side," Nagi answered, "but I guess 
being Kagato's toy puppet would bring out the rebel in you.  As for what 
happened a little while ago," she paused to take another bite of potato, then 
continued, "Tenchi confirmed what you said.  I think that princess believed you 
as well, if the look on her face says anything.  Look, Ryoko, I wouldn't lose 
hope.  In fact," the bounty hunter had a playful smirk on her face, "if Juraian 
marrage customs hold true, BOTH of you might end up marrying him."

"Now that has to be the silliest thing I ever heard." Ryoko replied, a playful 
glow returning to her golden eyes.  "Why don't we get back to the cave before 
Mihoshi and Kiyone end up eating all the potatoes.  I heard them coming up the 
path."

"You can hear that far?  No wonder I had a tough time sneaking up on you in the 
past."  Both of them walked up the path back to the cave.  "Ryoko," Nagi spoke 
up, "I was wondering, do you think we might explore that cave you were in?"

"Uh. . ." Ryoko started nervously, "I'd rather not."

"Oh come on, what can go wrong in there?"

"Look Nagi, I'd rather not go back in that cave again!  Now let's drop it!" 
Ryoko answered back rather tartly.

"What is wrong with you, Ryoko?" the bounty hunter countered, "you act as though 
you're afraid of the dark!"  But as she said that, she noticed that Ryoko's 
trembling had worsened.  "You ARE afraid of the dark, are you?" Nagi said, her 
eyes widening in realization.

Ryoko nodded almost shamefully and said, "Spending seven hundred years in that 
cave did it.  I've never liked the dark anyway, but spending seven centuries in 
that cave almost drove me insane.  In the cold and dark. . .  alone. . . 
powerless to do anything about it."  She then turned to Nagi and looked her 
straight in the eye.  "Please, Nagi, I don't want to ever go back to that place!  
I don't think I can hold myself together if I do!"

"Don't worry, we won't.  Now let's get back."

The two had returned to the cave entrance, and as Ryoko said, both Galaxy Police 
officers had indeed come up the path from the temple's long steps.  They didn't 
seem winded from the hike.

"You're both early." Tenchi said as he knelt next to Sasami at the fire.

"Don't tell me you got fired AGAIN?" Ayeka said.

"Well. . . no." Mihoshi began.  "We were on our way to work when we found the 
place boarded up.  Seems our new boss didn't have enough money to run business, 
so he had to close up."

"That's too bad." Sasami said.  "Does that mean that you and Kiyone have to find 
another job?"

"Well that's the good part." Kiyone said.  "After we found out that we lost that 
job, the people who fired us from the job before that asked us back.  We start 
work tomorrow."

"Yeah," Mihoshi said cheerfully, "they said that if they weren't despairate 
enough to get workers, they wouldn't have hired us on anyway."

Kiyone then clamped her hands on Mihoshi's mouth.  "YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO TELL 
THEM THAT, YOU BUBBLEBRAIN!!!" the teal-haired beauty yelled.

"Oops.  Sorry Kiyone. You know I don't like tell lies." Mihoshi cried.

"I know," Kiyone said, suddenly feeling guilty about yelling at her, "it's just 
that you don't practice decression about these things.  And sorry about yelling 
at you."

"That's okay.  I know you were just trying to help." Mihoshi said, once again 
her cheerful self.  "Hey Sasami, are those potatoes you guys roasting?"

"Sure." the blue-haired princess said, forking over two that had finished.  
"Here, but be careful.  They're really hot."  She handed Mihoshi a freshly-
roasted potato.

"Thank you, Sasami.  That's so nice of you. . .YEEEEEEOOWWWWW!!!!!"  Mihoshi's 
eyes went wide as she let go of the hot potato.  And almost as quickly, Tenchi 
grabbed it before it hit the ground.  He then got a few paper napkins and 
wrapped the potato with them.

"Here you go, Mihoshi." Tenchi said as Mihoshi excepted the potato.  "And make 
sure to remove the skin before you take a bite."

Ayeka was still troubled by her earlier remarks, and was wondering if she should 
talk to Ryoko about her conduct.  As she was pondering, she stepped backwards a 
step and was stopped by something solid behind her.  Since she did know that it 
was not the cave walls, as she was facing the cave at the time, the princess 
turned around startled.  As she did, she faced a large wooden cylinder with blue 
markings on its face.  Ayeka immedietly recognized it.  "Azaka." she gasped.  
"What are you doing here?"

"Princess," the guardian began, "there is something that I believe that should 
be said."

"We're terribly sorry we didn't come to your aid two days ago." Kamidake 
interuped, floating next to it's companion.  "Please accept our apoligies."

Ryoko looked up at this scene and rolled her eyes.  "Oh not again?" she groaned.  
"Those two pieces of lumber have been apologizing to Ayeka for the past two 
days!"  The pirate then turned to the guardians.  "C'mon, Ayeka already accepted 
your apoligies, isn't that enough?"

"I agree with Ryoko." Ayeka said to Azaka.  "There was nothing you two could 
have done to effect the outcome of those events."

"Neverthless," Azaka continued, "it was our duty to come to your aid.  Our 
inaction was unacceptable."

"My friends," Ayeka said, smiling and placing her hand on Azaka, "you have done 
more than what you're expected to do.  These things happen.  Now please, don't 
trouble yourselves further about this."

"Yes, your highness." the two guardians said and vanished.

"Those two seem to take a lot of things to extreams." Nagi observed, munching on 
her potato.

"That's just what they are." Ryoko said, taking a bite of hers.

***

Two days later. . . 

The days around the Masaki home were getting noticeable cooler in these fall 
days.  This didn't stop Nagi from indulging in a little fishing from the dock in 
front of the house.  She sat there crosslegged dangling her line from a long 
bamboo pole.  She had at her side a small bento box, which held a lunch that 
Sasami had kindly packed.

Presently, Ryoko teleported next to Nagi and looked at the activity.  "How's it 
going?" she asked.

"Not bad." the bounty hunter answered.  "A bit cool, but otherwise okay.  So, 
what are you doing here?  Aren't you susposted to be doing chores right now?"

"That's just what I want to know." Kiyone grumbled, walking up the dock.  
"Ryoko, you were susposed to be cleaning the upstairs windows, not sit here and 
gab with Nagi."

"Why are you asking me?  Why don't you ask Mihoshi if she would do it?" Ryoko 
countered, pointing at the blonde beauty, who was right now cleaning the patio 
windows, which were closed because of the coolness of the weather.

"You know how clumsy she is." the teal-haired detective said irratibly.  "I 
don't want her to bust up the house just by setting up the ladder.  Besides, 
you're able to levitate, that's why Sasami assigned you the upper windows."

"Oh that." Ryoko grumbled.  "Okay, I'll do the windows.  But why don't you ask 
Nagi if she would like to help."

A vein bulged in Kiyone's forehead, as she saw this as another dodge by the 
pirate.  "BECAUSE SHE IS A GUEST, AND IT'S WRONG TO ASK THE GUEST TO DO THE 
HOUSEWORK!!!" she yelled.

"Yeah." Nagi said in her defense.  "Besides, I'm providing part of the dinner 
tonight."  She lifted a submerged basket from the water and showed eight live 
trout inside it.

"Wow, that a good haul." Kiyone gasped.

Ryoko agreed.  "Yeah.  You must have had a lot of practice."

"Well that's what happens when you have to get your own food if you are working 
in the wilderness." Nagi shrugged.  "In my line of work, sometimes you have to 
go far from taverns and restaurants if you're tracking a criminal, so living off 
the land comes second nature."

The talk on the dock was interuped when Mihoshi's voice was heard:  "Okay 
Sasami, I'm done with the lower windows.  I'm going up to the temple now."  
Mihoshi had offered to clean the temple grounds, since Tenchi was at school at 
the time.

"Okay Mihoshi." Sasami called out, stepping out with a bento box in hand.  "Here 
you go.  I've packed a lunch for you."

"Oh thank you, Sasami." Mihoshi gushed.  "You know that it's a long walk up 
those stairs, so by the time I get down from there to eat my lunch here, it's 
time again to get back up to the temple to clean again."

"Uh. . . yeah." Sasami said, sweatdroping.  "Anyway, I've packed you're 
favorites in it."

"Oh goody." the blonde said, taking the bento box eagerly.

All three on the dock watched this activity, a good distraction from the 
discussion that they were previously engaged in.  Both Nagi and Kiyone were 
about to get back to their talk when both of them did a sudden double-take back 
at the two -- or rather PAST them.

Both Mihoshi and Sasami were standing in front of the freshly-cleaned windows, 
which were highly reflective because of it.  Mihoshi's reflection was clearly 
visible, but near Sasami, what was supposed to been her reflection was instead 
Tsunami.  The goddess was clearly visible, standing in front of the reflection 
of Mihoshi as if it were normal.  The blonde for her part did not react adversly 
to all this.  

Then all of a sudden, Tsunami noticed that a wide-eyed Nagi and Kiyone was 
watching her.  She turned her head, smiled and waved at the two.  Both bounty 
hunter and teal-haired detective returned the wave, although rather weakly at 
that.  Ryoko noticed this and waved herself.  Soon, Mihoshi took off towards the 
long steps up the hill that led to the Masaki Temple.

After what seemed to be an eternity, Nagi was able to find her voice.  "Did. . . 
did you see that?" she said to Ryoko and Kiyone.

Kiyone nodded weakly.  She remembered the conversation she had with Tenchi about 
Sasami and Tsunami's link on Nagi's first night.  She couldn't help but to think 
about the little princess' future.  "Ryoko," she finally said, "I'll give you 
about a half-hour, then you better be at those upper windows."  After that, she 
walked down the dock, resoving to herself to try to sort this out over a cup of 
tea.

Ryoko just stared at Kiyone as she left.  "What's gotten into her?" she asked.

"Ryoko," Nagi said in a rather loud voice, "did you see what the rest of us had 
saw?"

"Yeah." she answered.

"AND!?!" Nagi implored.

"And I think I better explain what happened."  Ryoko then related the story of 
what had happened to Sasami on Jurai over seven hundred years ago.  After it was 
done, Ryoko knelt down on the dock, a sullen look on her face.

"Remarkable." Nagi finally said.  "To think when that girl grows up, she will be 
one of the most powerful beings in this universe."  Then she turned to Ryoko.  
"What's the matter?  You don't look all that happy."

"I keep thinking," Ryoko whispered, "that if were able to be stronger to 
Kagato's mind control, Sasami would have been able to avoid this.  If she hadn't 
been in the abboritum when that ship hit the wall.  If. . ."

"Ryoko, stop it!" Nagi snapped, breaking Ryoko's funk.  "I've been playing that 
game for over fifteen hundred years, and I can tell you that it's not worth it.  
My parents might have survived, they might have died anyway, or I might have 
died along with them.  I just doesn't help.  What I have learned," she said, 
placing a hand on Ryoko's shoulder, "is that I'm no longer as alone as I was.  I 
have found some new friends, especially one who was once my enemy.  And that is 
what's important."

"Yeah." Ryoko echoed.  "Well, let's change the subject.  What did Washu tell you 
this morning?"

"She said that everything was set, and as soon as I'm ready, we should be able 
to confront Kazamone.  I'm surprised that it's gone all this smoothly.  I 
thought that we would have to go a couple of months before me and Ken-Ohki can 
get going.  Speaking of Ken-Ohki, do you know where he is?  I haven't been able 
to find him for the past five days."

"I really don't know." Ryoko answered.  "All I know is that he and Ryo-Ohki have 
been talking up a storm, but when I try to ask her what's going on, she just 
clams up like it was none of my business."

"Probably is." the bounty hunter said.  Then her attention was suddenly on her 
fishing pole, which was jerking back and forth.  "Hey, I've got another one!" 
she exclaims.

"Allright, bring 'em in!" Ryoko cheered.

It was during this activity that Ayeka, who was inside the house, had looked up 
from her needlework.  She still found this new relationship between former 
enimies refreshing, but she soon found herself annoyed about Ryoko neglecting 
her chores.  She had already accomplished what was assigned to her and wanted to 
let Ryoko know about her share.

"Here Ayeka, I brought you some tea." Sasami said, distracting her sister.

"Thank you, Sasami.  Tell me, isn't Ryoko susposed to be cleaning the upper 
windows?"

"Sure.  Look Ayeka, I'm just glad that they're talking nice to each other.  You 
really should try to do the same." Sasami sighed.

All of a sudden, a wicked gleam came over Ayeka's eyes.  She poured herself some 
tea, and for some reason, proceeded to drink the cup until it was empty.  Then 
she took a napkin, got herself up, and then walked over, put on some slippers, 
and went outside.

"Ayeka!  Where are you going?" Sasami asked.  When she heard nothing from her 
sister, she then got on her shoes and followed her.

Ayeka walked over to the dock just as Nagi was placing another trout in her 
basket.  She then stepped over to Ryoko and tapped her on her shoulder.

"Yeah?  What do you want, Princess?" the pirate asked warily.  

Ayeka said nothing, only beconing with her finger as if to ask Ryoko to follow 
her.  "Okay, I'll bite.  Let's go."  The two walk only a short distance away 
from Nagi, then Ayeka turned to face Ryoko.  The bounty hunter was mildly 
curious about this, so she turned from her fishing and watched the events.

"Look Ayeka, I'm in no mood for games.  What do you want?" Ryoko said 
impatiently.  Ayeka again said nothing, only smiling stupidly.  

Ryoko finally lost her patience, leaned in front of the purple-haired princess' 
face and yelled, "SPIT IT OUT!!!!"

>PPBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTT!!!!!<  

A spray of tea came spewing out of Ayeka's mouth and right into Ryoko's face.  
The pirate howled as the liquid drenched her and soaked her hair.

"AYEKA!!!" Sasami yelled, shocked at this behavior from her otherwise proper 
sister.  She knew for certain a fight was about to happen, so she stood ready to 
pull her sister apart.

"Ayeka. . . you. . . you. . . YOU. . ." Ryoko managed to stammer out, her eyes 
livid with rage, her body shaking violently.

Ayeka simply dabbed her mouth and replied, "Well you did say 'spit it out', 
Ryoko dear."  She then finished off with her distinctive cackling laugh.  

There was an audible crackling in the air as Ryoko charged up to let her have 
it.  But then, a new sound intruded upon the three, a loud sound of laughter.  
All turned to see Nagi, who for some reason was still holding her pole while 
laughing her head off.

At first annoyed at this behavior, Ryoko then powered down, let out a sigh and 
said, "I guess I owed you for those two tea showers I gave you, Ayeka.  Let's 
forget it, okay?"

"Accepted." Ayeka answered.  "And do not forget you obligations, Ryoko."  She 
then walked back into the house, all the while being scolded by Sasami.
 
"Look," Ryoko said to Nagi, "I'm going to have to get to those windows before 
Kiyone gets on my butt, too.  One of these times, you're going to have to show 
me how you do it."

"Sorry.  Can't tell you." Nagi said

"Hmmph.  Typical fisherman." Ryoko grumbled as she floated of to do her chores.

***

Of course, it was Nagi's final night at the Masaki home.  She cleaned the fish 
she caught and Sasami prepared it as part of a fabuous feast.  Even Nobuyuki 
came home from town, bringing his projects home so that he could join in an 
imprompu party that the clan had thrown.  

After the dishes were cleaned, the group gathered in the living room, where 
Washu had set up her version of the karaoke machines that were popular in Japan.  
This version allowed the lyrics from otherwise normal music CD's to be displayed 
on a monitor that she had put together.  There were also snacks and drinks 
availible.

Everyone had their turn on the machines.  Ryoko and Ayeka started, although it 
was evident that they both had tin ears.  Nagi even sung, althought her efforts 
were the same as Ryoko and Ayeka, but no one cared; they were having fun.  
Tenchi tried to sing himself, but thought it wise not to, since Ayeka and Ryoko 
tried to vie for his attention in a duet.

The best singers, however, were Mihoshi and Kiyone, since that they allways sung 
at the karaoke bars that they visited during their visit to Earth between duty 
shifts.  Mihoshi especially was a beautiful singer, singing a song titled 
"Sleeping Beauty On The Balcony."  Sasami even sung, finding a song called "Your 
Hiroshi", which everyone liked.

Strangly enough, Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki even joined in, although only Ryoko, Nagi 
and Washu, as well as Sasami to an extent, could understand what they were 
singing about.  Still, it was a very cute sight; two small cabbits singing a 
duet.

The party nearly got out of hand when Ryoko, who had drank WAY too much sake (as 
usual), tried to make a pass at Tenchi.  Ayeka, who was equally intoxicated, 
immedietly came to Tenchi's defense.  The two were about to come to blows, the 
only thing that stopped it was the fact that Ryoko had passed out on the floor 
before she could launch a energy blast at the princess.

Nagi, her previous experience with a sake hangover still fresh in her mind, kept 
her sake intake to a minimum.  She simply watch the proceedings, entered in some 
idle conversation, and for the most part, enjoyed herself.  

It was past midnight before the party broke up.  Everyone cleaned up, said their 
goodnights, the really drunk members were carried of to their beds (Ayeka had 
passed out on the stairs), and everyone went to bed.  

Early the next morning, Sasami was up early as usual, to prepare the morning 
breakfast.  Washu had administered hangover remedies to both Ryoko and Ayeka, 
and everyone slowly roused themselves up on an unusually chilly morning.  Nagi 
was up before everyone else, gotten a hot cup of tea, and had walked herself in 
front of the dock to watch the sun rise.  As she did, she fumbled with the data 
crystal that had given her so much worry seven days prior.  Sighing contentedly, 
she replaced the crystal in her pouch and and just stood and sipped her tea.

Soon, Ryoko had materielized behind her, a cup of coffee in her hand.  She was 
also cover in a heavy blanket, and was visibly shivering, and it was not from 
her hangover.  "Geez Nagi, why don't you get inside.  It's freezing out here!"

"It's not THAT cold, Ryoko.  I don't understand it; you're able to withstand the 
cold of space, and yet you complain about getting cold."

"Ask Mom about it.  All I know is planetside I can't stand the cold."  The 
pirate floated next to Nagi and stood on the frosted dock.  "So, you looking 
forward to getting this taken care of?"

Nagi stood silently for a minute before answering.  "I would be lying if I said 
that I wasn't nervous about the whole thing, but yes I am."  She then turned to 
Ryoko.  "Why don't you come with me after all this is through."

"Huh?" was Ryoko's articulate answer.

"As partners.  Think, Ryoko, we can be the greatest bounty hunter team this 
universe has ever seen.  No criminal could possibly get away from us.  We could 
make a killing, and I don't mean litterly."

Ryoko thought about this for a moment.  "A bounty hunter, eh?  Tempting, but 
that'll mean I'd have to leave Tenchi alone with Ayeka.  Thanks, Nagi, but I'd 
rather stay here.  I've got all the treasure that I need here on Earth."

"Didn't think you would accept, but I'd thought I'd try." Nagi said, smiling.  
She then turned back to the house.  "C'mon.  Let's see if we could get some 
breakfast before I leave."

Ryoko floated off the dock. "Okay.  But in the meantime, we better give Ayeka a 
little space.  When that princess gets a hangover, she can get downright 
annoying, with the throwing-up and all."

***

The day had warmed-up considerablely, and it was noon before the Masaki clan had 
gathered on the dock to see Nagi off.  The only ones not present were Mihoshi 
and Kiyone, who had to go on patrol.  There were many hugs and handshakes 
exchanged.

"So you understand everything?" Washu said to Nagi.

"Yes I do.  I'll be sure to let everyone know how it went."

"Good." Tenchi said.  "You're welcome to come back anytime you want to, Nagi."

"Thank you, Tenchi.  I'll keep that in mind."

"Uhhhhhhhhh.. . . ." groaned Ayeka, clutching her head in pain.  "When is that 
damned remedy going to take effect?"  

"Should have drunk the coffee." Ryoko smirked.

"Oh shut up." the princess grumbled.

"MAKE ME!!!" the pirate shouted in Ayeka's ear, causing her to flinch painfully.  
Everyone sweatdroped.

"Now now, little Ryoko," Washu scolded, "let's not make her feel worse than she 
is right now.  Don't worry, Ayeka, I'll give you a weak caffeen shot after this 
is over.  That should kick that remedy into gear."

"Thank you, Little Washu." Ayeka said, her head throbbing.

"Here you go, Nagi." Sasami said, handing the boundy hunter a bento box.  "I've 
made you a lunch for the trip."

"Thank you, Sasami."

"Meow meow." Ryo-Ohki, who was in her "little girl" form, said, holding another 
bento box out for Nagi.

"What's this?" Nagi asked.

"Oh that's for Ken-Ohki." Sasami said.  "It's some of Ryo-Ohki's homegrown 
carrots."

"Well I believe Ken-Ohki will greatly appreciate this little sacrifice that you 
made.  I'm certain when we come back here, you'll be growing more of the same."  
Then an odd look came over Nagi's features.  "By the way, where is he?  I can't 
leave without him."

"Don't worry, he'll be here soon." Washu said.  She then turned to Ryo-Ohki and 
said, "Why don't you go tell him to come out now?"

Ryo-Ohki meowed gleefully and ran to the front door.  Everyone turned to see 
what was going on, since the two were very secretive the past week.

The cabbit girl stood by the open door, beconning with her hands for someone to 
come outside.  Soon, a small, white-furred hand had grabbed the door, and very 
soon, a small boy had walked rather unsteadly out.  He had resembled Tenchi when 
he was little, the only difference was that his ears were longer, he was covered 
with white fur, and he had red eyes.

Everyone except Washu gasped in surprise at this sight, the childlike scientist 
smiling as she had her hands on her hips.  Nagi was so surprised that she almost 
dropped both bento boxes as she stared.  "K-K-KEN-OHKI??  I-I-IS THAT YOU??"

The white-furred boy looked up and said, "Chou chou."

"Not bad, don't you think?" Washu said, diverting everyones attention.  "Ryo-
Ohki had told me that she had felt bad that Ken-Ohki didn't have a humanoid form 
like she had.  So I asked her to talk to him about it.  When he agreed, all I 
had to do was to recreate the same conditions that led to Ryo-Ohki's upgrade, 
only THIS TIME I was in control with the masu.  After all, I did create him in 
the first place.  He's going to need a little help walking, but I'm sure he'll 
get used to it."

Nagi walked up to her cabbit friend and knelt down, smiling.  "Well I think you 
look absolutly charming, Ken-Ohki.  Can he still transform?"

"I've already tested him.  He still has all his modes, including an adult form.  
Ryo-Ohki's the same, so he shouldn't have any trouble."

"Well, I approve." Nagi said.  Ken-Ohki responded by giving the bounty hunter a 
big hug, which she had recipicated.  But as he set himself down, Ken-Ohki lost 
his balance and fell over backwards.  Before he hit, however, he change back 
into his animal form and rolled three times before stopping.   Everybody looked 
embarrased about seeing this, but Nagi shrugged and said, "We'll just have to 
work on your balance, that's all."

A few minutes later, Ken-Ohki changed into his spaceship form and hovered over 
the lake.  Nagi then walked away from the group and stood at the end of the 
dock.  "Well, I got to be going.  I'll let you all know how everything goes.  
And Ryoko. . ."  the pirate stared at Nagi.  "You take care of yourself.  And 
try not to wreck Tenchi's house."

"You too." Ryoko said, smiling.

"Come back soon." Tenchi said.

"Yes, do come back soon." Katsuhito said

"Good luck." Nobuyuki added.

"Goodbye Nagi," Ayeka said, "and may Tsunami watch over you."

Nagi looked briefly at Sasami and said, "I'm certain she would."

"Bye Nagi." Sasami said.

All were waving as Nagi was transported up to Ken-Ohki.  Soon, the white cabbit 
ship was soaring up in the air, the group on the ground still waving goodbye.  
Soon, Ken-Ohki had cleared Earth's atmosphere and was soaring into deep space.  

Nagi was sitting in the command chair when Ken-Ohki had alerted her to another 
ship coming alongside them.  It was a Galaxy Police vessel.  A signal was soon 
place to them, which they answered.

"Would you like to have an escort out of the system?" came Kiyone's answer as 
her face came into view on a holographic monitor.

"Indeed I would.  I'm glad you've decided to say goodbye also." the bounty 
hunter said.

"Well, it was not entirely my idea." Kiyone said as Mihoshi stepped into view.  
"However, it would be rude not to say goodbye."

"Take care, Nagi." Mihoshi said.

"You two take care of each other." Nagi said.

"We will." Kiyone said.

The two ships flew in tandom until they got past Pluto's orbit, afterwhich the 
GP vessel broke off and went in another direction.  Once they were alone, the 
Ken-Ohki crystal floated up to Nagi and said, "Chou-chou chou?"

"Yes, Ken-Ohki," Nagi said, "set course for Jurai."

***

AUTHOR'S NOTES -- Looks like were coming up on the homestretch.  This was a bit 
more difficult to craft, since that during the writing of this story, I had been 
a bit sidetracked with other projects that I have been working on.  I have 
recently posted my first MST's, as well as starting work on a completely 
original idea that came up with last Christmas, but as yet to get the details 
worked out.  

The story arc concludes with Nagi finally confronting Kazamone about his 
deceptions, and as promised, two other characters in the OVA universe make their 
appearance.  So until then. . . LATER!!!

***

9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES  




    


 

    

   


  

 
