Bounty Hunter's Holiday, Pt. 1
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction	
by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron - bigkwell@juno.com

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki 
Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the characters nor 
the series.  I just write the fiction.  Baron Kazamone is my creation.

This story is based on the OVA continuity, and is following the events of "No 
Need For Vengence".  Any event or situation resembling those of the upcoming 
third OVA series is purely coincidental,

***

It was a frosty day that had dawned over Okayama Prefecture.  The sun had broken 
over the hillside that had sheltered the Masaki residence and shrine and shone 
it's golden brillance in the valley below.  The sun reflected over the lake, 
still liquid, and danced like lively topazes over the surface.

Nagi, the most feared bounty hunter in the universe, had stepped outside the 
house, a cup of hot tea in her right hand.  She was careful about walking on the 
dock, as there was a fair coating of frost on the boards.  There, she stood on 
the dock, taking a sip of the tea as she watched the sun rise.  In her left 
hand, she clutched and fumbled with the data crystal that she had received from 
Baron Kazamone.  As she did, her mind raced back to the events that lead to this 
juncture. . .

ONE WEEK AGO. . .

"Wake up, Nobuyuki," Katsuhito called out to his slumbering son-in-law, "I 
believe the girls and Tenchi are home."  It was morning, and Nobuyuki laid out 
on the couch after drinking and talking with the priest the previous night.  It 
was all the two could do, to eleveate the worry Nobuyuki had after Tenchi had 
been captured by Nagi.  Now, as the sun broke over the hillside, his head was 
pounding as his hangover was in full force.  It was a good thing that he was 
going to call in sick, anyway.

"Oh thank goodness," Nobuyuki said as he joined Katsuhito at the dock, "I was 
getting a little worried about how long --AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"  The sight of two 
cabbit ships had greeted the two.  Ryo-Ohki was there of course, but behind her 
was the ship that had carried the bounty hunter who captured his son.  "OH 
NO!!!!   SHE'S BACK!!!!"

"Calm down." Katsuhito said.  "They're not firing at each other.  It must be 
that they settled their differences amically."  As if on cue, the group aboard 
Ryo-Ohki had teleported first--with two additional members that what had left.  
Both Sasami and Tenchi were amung them.  After they were down, Ryo-Ohki resumed 
her cabbit form.

Nobuyuki raced out to his son, hugging him tightly.  "TENCHI!!!  YOU'RE BACK!!!" 
he said, finally releasing him and slapping him hard on the back.

"Yeah, I'm allright." Tenchi said, rather embarrassed.  Then his nose wrinkled 
up.  "DAAD!?!  Have you been drinking?  You gotta go to work today!"

"Oh that.  Well, I was going to call in sick anyway and there was no use just 
sitting here worrying about--"

"Nevermind, Nobuyuki," Katsuhito said, interrupting, "It's nice to see that you 
are allright, Tenchi."  He then looked up at Ken-Ohki, still hovering in the 
air, "So tell me, are we having guests, my boy?"

"What?  Oh, that well--" Tenchi began but before he could stumble with a 
explanation, Ayeka interrupted.

"Why yes, Yosho.  Since Ryoko and Nagi had ended their conflict together, Lord 
Tenchi thought that it would be a good idea that Nagi would spend some time in 
our company, at least until she is ready to leave." She then looked over to 
Nobuyuki, "That is, if you approve."

"Well, I guess there wouldn't be any harm in her staying for a little while." 
Nobuyuki said.  "Still, there's that little matter about what happened last 
night we have to attend to."

"Don't worry," Ryoko added, joining the group, "she's been wanting to apologze 
anyway.  I'll let her know."  The pirate then turned to Ken-Ohki and yelled, 
"OKAY, NAGI, YOU CAN COME DOWN NOW."  As soon as she did, the bounty hunter 
materialized on the dock behind the group, afterwhich Ken-Ohki changed back into 
his cabbit form.

Nagi walked slowly, her eyes downcast as she passed the group and stood next to 
Tenchi. "Nagi," Tenchi then said, indicating to Katsuhito, "this is my 
grandfather, Katsuhito.  He is also known as Yosho Funaho Jurai."

"Yes," Nagi muttered, "Tenchi's told me about you."

"Likewise.  Welcome." the priest said.

Tenchi then motioned to his father, "And this is my father, Nobuyuki."

"Mr. Masaki," Nagi began in a low voice, "I deeply regret having caused so much 
harm to your family.  If there is anyway I can make up for what I did--"

"Don't worry." Nobuyuki interruped.  "As long as Tenchi is okay, then your 
apology is excepted.  And please, stay as long as you like."  He stepped closer 
to Nagi.  "And by the way--"

"Dad, that enough.  Sorry about that, Nagi, it seems that my father had a little 
too much to drink last night, and I want to avoid any misunderstandings, so if 
you'll excuse me, I'd better get my dad to bed."

"And I'll contact your office and let them know that you--er--picked up a bug 
last night and won't be coming in today." Katsuhito said.  "Tenchi, I've 
allready called your school and let them know that you won't be coming in today.  
Your teachers gave me your homework assignments for this weekend."

"Thanks, Grandpa. Well everyone, let's get inside." Tenchi called out to the 
group on the dock.

"I'll make breakfast." Sasami called out, darting out for the kitchen.

"I'll help you, Sasami." Mihoshi called out, following the little princess.

"Okay, Mihoshi.

"I'm heading back to my lab." Washu said.  "I'm long overdue on that dimensional 
tuner that I'm working on."

"I'm going to try to catch some sleep before breakfast." Kiyone yawned as she 
climbed upstairs.

"Yeah, me too." Tenchi said.

"Not so fast, Tenchi," Katsuhito sternly said.  "You've got some practice to 
do."

"Wha -- now Grandpa?" Tenchi whined.

"Yes.  You were caught flat-footed when Nagi captured you.  You really should be 
more prepared than that.  I'll see you at the practice field."

Tenchi slumped his shoulders and sighed, "Okay Grandpa.  I'll be there in a 
minute."  He then trudged inside the house to change into his training gi.

"Well, I for one shall follow Kiyone's example and get some rest before 
breakfast." Ayeka said, stiffling a yawn.  "Are you coming inside, Ryoko?"

"In a minute, Ayeka.  I just want to chew the fat with Nagi for a bit." Ryoko 
chirped, looking towards the bounty hunter, who had walked to the end of the 
dock and stared out over the lake.  She walked up to Nagi and stood next to her.  
"So," Ryoko began, "you had anything to eat yet?"

"No." Nagi said flatly.  "It's funny, having to see daybreak twice in one day."

"Not to mention a day later, if this international date line nonsense means 
anything." Ryoko added.  She looked over at Nagi and saw that she looked 
preoccupied, as if in thought.  "Something wrong?" she asked.

"I really don't want to talk about it right now, Ryoko.  Let's get inside and 
see if this Sasami is as good a cook as everybody says she is."

"Uh. . .yeah.  It shouldn't be too long." Ryoko said, then thought to herself, 
'What's wrong with her?  All the times I've known her, she'd always let you know 
what's on her mind.'

***

The breakfast that morning was inspired mostly by the group's recent adventures.  
Sasami had made a 'western' type of meal, which was omelets.  But these were not 
the 'sweet' omelets that were common in Japanese meals. Rather, these were the 
folded, stuffed omelets that graced the tables in the United States.  With 
Mihoshi's help, Sasami had chopped onions, bell peppers of different colors, 
some jalapeno peppers, and grated some imported Monterey Jack cheese, which was 
set on the table, buffet style.  There was also some leftover ham and cooked 
bacon from previous breakfasts which she had chopped for the offering.  She then 
got a small hotplate and some eggs, a mixing bowl and a whisk and proceeded to 
make omelets "to order."

This was a pleasant surprise to everyone and soon the group gathered around the 
table and proceeded to request their favorites.  Ayeka and Katsuhito prefered a 
simple ham and cheese combonation, while Ryoko went wild and requested 
everything, including the jalapenos.  Mihoshi chose ham, red and yellow peppers, 
while Kiyone prefered bacon and cheese.  Nobuyuki prefered ham, bacon and 
cheese.  Washu was in her lab, so she didn't make any orders.  Sasami knew she 
would ask if she wanted one later.

However, when it came time for Tenchi to choose what he wanted, there was nearly 
a fight between Ayeka and Ryoko about his choice of fixings.  "You should really 
avoid the peppers," Ayeka offered, "as well as the onions.  They'll likely upset 
your stomach."

"Baloney!" Ryoko scoffed.  "I heard that hot peppers can be good for you.  Here 
Tenchi, have some jalapenos."

"No way!!" Ayeka screamed.  "Ham and cheese is perfect for you."

"Oh yeah, leave it up to you to give him the bland stuff!" Ryoko bellowed.

Nagi was watching all this with some mild amusement. She had settled on a ham, 
cheese and green and red bell pepper omelet and was thourghly impressed.  But 
she was at the moment watching her former quarry and Ayeka bicker over what 
Tenchi should have on his omelet.

"Listen girls," Tenchi finally said, "I'll have the jalapenos.  But not because 
Ryoko wants me too."  He then turned to Ayeka, "Look, I know you're concerned, 
but I like jalapenos.  Really."

"But they sound so coarse.  I just don't want you to get sick, that's all."

"Well I'm glad you think of me so well, Ayeka."  He then turned to Ryoko, "Pull 
in the claws, Ryoko.  I don't want a fight.  Sasami, I'll take the jalapenos, as 
well as some onions, ham and cheese."

"Okay, Tenchi." Sasami answered.  She then turned to Nagi and asked, "How do you 
like your omelet, Nagi?"

"This is very delicous.  My thanks, Sasami." the bounty hunter answered.

Ryo-Ohki was in her "little girl" form as she munched on a bowl of carrots.  She 
was enjoying her meal when she looked over to Ken-Ohki, who was eating carrots 
himself.  She noticed that he was still in his animal form.  Suddenly, a sad 
frown graced her face.  She finished her carrot, excused herself, and walked 
over to the closet.  The door was not locked, but she tapped on it anyway.

Washu's face appeared on the window of the door.  "Yes, what is it?"

"Meeow, meow-wow?"

"Yes, Ryo-Ohki, you can come in."  Ryo-Ohki then opened the door and stepped 
inside.

Nagi looked at this scene with some curiousity.  "Pardon me for saying, but is 
Washu living in a closet?"

"That's where she's got the entrance to her lab, Nagi." Tenchi answered.  "If I 
were you, I'd stay away from there."

"Why that?"

"Let's just say that you don't want to become one of her test subjects."

Nagi casts the door a surprised look and shutters, a rare display on her part.  
"Well, I'll take that into consideration.  Now then," she get up from the table, 
"can anyone show be where I can get a bath?  I'm feeling a bit ripe right now."

"Oh I'll help you." Ryoko says, shoveling the last part of her omelet in her 
mouth.  She then teleports away from the table.  Very soon, she reappears next 
to Nagi, carrying a load of buckets, towels, soap and shampoo.  "Just follow me 
and we'll get cleaned up real quick."

***

About an hour later, the two were taking a long soak in the warm pool of the 
onsen.  To tell the truth, Ryoko was glad to take a bath in hot water.  The 
previous battle with Nagi had left her sore, dispite her healing powers.  Here, 
she had a chance to relax and unwind, and perhaps strike up a conversation with 
her former enemy. 

'This is nice,' the pirate thought, 'I only wish that I was able to get some 
sake before we came here.'  She then turned to Nagi and said, "Feel any better?"

"Much." Nagi replied, somewhat relaxed in the pool.  "So tell me, did Washu 
create this--what did you call it--onsen?"

"Naw, I did." Ryoko answered.

"You?  But how?"

"Mom says it's part of my design.  I can create anything I want by mearly 
rearranging some molecucle in the enviroment, provided that the plans for what I 
want exist."  Ryoko then went on, "There is an inn that Tenchi's great-aunt 
owns.  It's built near a natural hot-spring, which heats up the water.  It has 
an onsen like this one, only it's divided in a mens and womens onsen.  The 
women's is much bigger."

"Oh." the bounty hunter said.  "Any nice memories?"

"Well--me and Ayeka got into an argument, so I thought that I could summon up a 
monster and kick her ass with it.  But then that beast went bezerk and trashed 
the place.  Forgot that I needed two gems to control that critter.  Anyway, a 
week after that, I thought that it would be nice if this place had something 
like that.  So I found some plans and whipped this up." 

"So that's why you never used on in our fight.  By the way, how's the jaw."

Ryoko rubbed her chin and answered, "A little sore, but otherwise it's fine.  
Nagi, I was wondering, how did you find Ken-Ohki in the first place?  And how 
were you able to live as long as you did?  If I remember, your species only 
lives a few hundred years." 

Nagi looked up for a moment, then continued, "Well, about twelve hundred years 
ago, I ran into this alchemist on a planet outside the Jurai Empire--I forget 
the name--and he gave me this formula for an herbal cocktail that is supposed to 
extend one's lifespan every five hundred years.  You see, I saved him from this 
scumbag of a loan shark, and he gave me his formula out of gratitude."

"Really?" Ryoko said.  "Does it work?"

"Now that's a dumb question to ask," Nagi said in mock indignation, "how do you 
think I'm talking to you.  My last dose of that stuff was over ten years ago."

"I don't understand," Ryoko went on, "if it's that good, why don't you sell the 
stuff?  You would probabity be rich beyond anyone's dreams."

"Lots of reasons." Nagi said.  "For one, the ingredients needed for it are very 
hard or very expensive to obtain.  Also, the stuff has one unpleseant side 
effect.  As long as the stuff works, I won't be able to bear children.  Look, I 
know that I won't be a bounty hunter forever, but---"

"Nevermind." Ryoko said, sorry that she brought up the subject.

"As for Ken-Ohki, about a thousand years ago, I tracked down this smuggler that 
had specialized in selling rare wildlife from other planets, usually taken 
without permision."

"Uh-huh." Ryoko hummed.

"At the time, I had this real dump of a spacecraft, and I just barely gotten to 
this scumbag's planet when the heap's drive finally crapped out permanetly.  I 
figured that I get this jerk's craft once I've captured him.  It was when I was 
sneaking up to his home when I reached the pens where he kept the animals that 
he captured."  Nagi paused as she thought about it.  "It was horrible.  The 
cages were filthy, many of the animals were half-starved or dead.  I was so 
wrapped up in what I saw that I forgot about watching the door."

"He was sneaking up on you?" Ryoko said.  "Being THAT careless is not like you."

"Well that was the situation." the bounty hunter said.  "Anyway, like you said, 
he was sneaking up on me, armed with a disruptor.  It was then I heard a small 
voice in my head, warning me to look behind me.  Sure enough, he was about to 
blast me when I got the drop on him.  After restraining him and notifying the 
local constabulary, I looked around when I saw this one animal in a cage.  He 
looked healthy enough, so I figured that he was a recent capture.  I looked into 
his eyes when all of a sudden I got this brief, sharp headache.  After the pain 
passed, I could hear this voice talking to me.  I figured out that he must have 
bonded with me somehow.  Anyway, he told me his name and wondered if I could 
free him."

"Interesting." Ryoko said. "The same thing happened to me when Ryo-Ohki bonded 
with me while I was Kagato's slave."
"You don't say." Nagi answered.  "Well, I told him that he could come with me as 
soon as that I could find a ship to get off the rock that I was on.  It was 
after I got him out of the cage and into the open, he showed me that he could 
transform into a ship.  We been together since."

"Did you ever find out where that poacher was going to sell Ken-Ohki?"

"Yes.  There were some comm records that the guy had.  He was in contact with an 
offical of the Seniwa Empire."

"Seniwa?  They were at war with Jurai at that time, were they?"

"Yes, until the signing of the Great Treaty two hundred years later.  I figured 
that he was going to sell him to those guys, where I believe that they were 
going to vivisect him to find out how he transformed into a ship."  Nagi 
features went hard at that point.  "I made up my mind that I was going to 
protect Ken-Ohki from anyone that would harm him-- even if it would mean my 
life.  And if I can't, then I'll kill him personally so that no one will get his 
secret."

"That's the same way I feel about Ryo-Ohki." Ryoko said.  "Besides, they make a 
cute couple."  She then looked up to Nagi and asked, "So now that we've got that 
taken care of, is there anything wrong with you?  You seem a little out of--"  
But before she could finish, Nagi got herself out of the pool and headed for the 
towels.

"Look, I rather not talk about it now.  Maybe later we could--" But soon, both 
pirate and hunter turned as the doors of the onsen slid open.  A figure carrying 
buckets, mops, brushes and soap stumbles into the onsen, the head abvously 
obscured.

"I don't get it," Tenchi grumbles, not knowing that the onsen was being used at 
the time, "why does Grandpa have to make me clean this up?  It's a bother to 
drain and an even bigger bother just to fill it up.  I still have to get some 
sleep this--"

"Why Tenchi, it's nice of you to come, but we're not through yet." Ryoko purred.  
In a second, the load of buckets and mops Tenchi carried was dropped, and he 
stood there, eyes as big as saucers staring at the nude figures in the pool--
Nagi especially, since she was not covered-up at the time.

"Uh--" Tenchi managed to stammer out before running for the door, a small trail 
of blood dripping from his nose.  Nagi stood there, wide eyed as this scene was 
going on, while Ryoko was buzy laughing her head off in the pool.

"Pardon me," Nagi enquired as she was reaching for a towel and a robe, "but what 
was that all about?  And was Tenchi having a nosebleed?"

"I guess it was Grandpa's idea of a practical joke on Tenchi." Ryoko said, 
getting out of the pool herself.  "One of these days, he's going to have to 
learn to control that little problem of his, or else our first honeymoon is 
going to end up in the emergency room because of the blood loss."

"That is if you can beat Ayeka to the punch." the bounty hunter added, 
tightening her robe before exiting the onsen.  On the way out, she happened to 
see Tenchi crouched at the door, holding his nose.  Nagi had to chuckle as she 
left.  Tenchi just sat there, blushing.

Ryoko later stuck her head out and watched Nagi go.  Then she noticed Tenchi.  
"You know, that was very rude of you to run out like that.  We could have has 
some fun together after Nagi had left."

"Very funny, Ryoko." Tenchi grumbled while he excepted the washcloth that the 
pirate offered to clean off his nose.  "I noticed something at breakfast.  Nagi 
seemed to be a bit quiet, as if she were thinking of something."  He then look 
up to Ryoko and asked, "Were you able to find out why while you to were in 
there."

"I tried," Ryoko answered, "but she got up and left before I could get it out 
fully."  She watched as Nagi went into the house to dress.  "Y'know, I should 
ask Mom about it."

"You think Washu might be able to find out?"

"Don't know.  Wouldn't hurt to try."  With that, Ryoko vanished, leaving Tenchi 
to get up and clean the onsen.

***

Washu's lab wasn't exactly one laboratory, but five planets that were linked via 
subspace coridors to each others, the closest one with a coridor to the Masaki 
house thru the broom closet door.  This first one was more of a arboritum, a 
quiet place where the childlike scientist would work for hours on end on the 
calculations of her various experiments.  However, at this moment, she was 
talking to Ryo-Ohki, the two seated on hovering pillows while tree branches 
swayed in the breeze.

"Meow, meow-meow-meow.  Meow meow." Ryo-Ohki said, looking at her creator all 
the while.

"Well, I suppose that it could be done," Washu answered, "but have you ever 
asked Ken-Ohki about it?"

"Meow." Ryo-Ohki answered, shaking her head.

"Tell you what-- talk to him first.  If he likes it, then I'll see what I can 
do."  With that, Ryo-Ohki bounded off her pillow, meowed her thanks and headed 
out the door that had appeared out of thin air.

"Never thought about how he would feel about that." Washu mused as she turned 
around and summoned her holographic laptop.  "Well, back to work.  With all of 
these interruptions, I'll never get that dimentional tuner built."  But before 
she could get to number crunching, she heard the crab-shaped bell at her door 
ring, a sure sign that someone else had intruded upon her again.  Washu growled 
her frustration and snapped, "WHATEVER IT IS, CAN'T IT WAIT INTIL LATER, I'VE 
GOT WORK TO DO!!!"

"Geez, what's your problem?" Ryoko snapped back.  "Well anyway, this can't wait.  
I need to talk to you, Mom."

Washu sighed and turned to face her daughter.  "Well, for you I'll help.  I've 
noticed that you've been calling me 'Mom' without the usual sarcasm.  That's 
definatly a plus for you."  Still seated, the pink-haired genius placed her 
hands upon her hips and asked, "So, what can I do for you, Ryoko?"

"It's about Nagi." the pirate said.  "She's been acting weird ever since we've 
got home.  All she ever does is stand by the dock and look out.  She rarely 
talks to anyone, even Ken-Ohki, and it takes some doing to get her to come to 
breakfast."

"Oh.  Did I miss breakfast?"

"Yeah, Mom.  Sasami made omelets."

"Oh too bad.  Well, did you ask Nagi what was eating her?"

Ryoko sat upon a free pillow and continued.  "I did.  But before I could get out 
the question, she cut me off."

"Well, let's see what she's doing right now."  Washu then punched some commands 
on her laptop.  A screen appeared in mid-air, and it showed Nagi stand on the 
dock.  "Hmmm-- she does seem preoccupied with something."

"Yeah." Ryoko said.  "I wish I know what was bothering her."

"Same here--wait a minute."  Washu then punched a few more commands and soon, 
the picture zoomed in on Nagi's left hand.  She seemed to be fumbling with 
something in it.  "What do we have here?"

"What do you see?" Ryoko asked

"Maybe nothing," Washu quipped, tapping a few more commands, "or maybe 
everything that's wrong with her."  The view tightened around Nagi's hand.  
Soon, a clear view of what she had became visible.  Washu quickly froze the 
view.  "There!  That's it!"  Clutched in Nagi's hand was a round, clear object, 
three centimeters wide and one centimeter thick.  

"What is that?"

"A crystal data storage unit.  They're used quite frequently outside this 
planet.  However," Washu quickly analized the crystal's structure, "according to 
this, the crystal in her hand is of a very specialized type.  The latice 
structure of this crystal is very pure, suggesting that it is used mostly in 
parlamentary circles."

"Meaning?" Ryoko asked, one eyebrow raised.

"Meaning that someone in a governmental position had given Nagi that crystal."

"What government?"

Washu turned around.  "Well, remember those maps of Earth we found in Tenchi's 
bookbag?  The ones that Nagi put in?  They were too detailed to be made by 
anybody.  So, logic would state that it would have to be someone in the 
government of Jurai, since that this planet falls under its juristiction.  And 
it would have information about us, specifictcly."

"Someone in the royal family?" Ryoko said, agast  

"I doubt it." Washu dismissed.  "I don't know about Azusa, but Funaho and Misaki 
are very fond of Tenchi.  And I don't think that Azusa would be foolish enough 
to do anything to upset his wives.  So I believe it someone outside the royal 
family, maybe one of the Holy Council.  I've got my suspicions, but I'm going to 
need some comformation before I put together any theroies."

Ryoko stands quiet for a moment before speaking.  "I've think that I may have a 
way to get Nagi to tell me what's going on."

"Oh.  What have you got in mind, Little Ryoko?"

"Just something that I'm going to have to spend a couple thousand yen on."

Washu slapped her hand on her head.  "NOT MORE SAKE?!?"

"Afraid so.  Maybe two bottles worth."

Washu mearly slumped and shook her head.  "In that case, you might as well ask 
Katsuhito to come down here."

Ryoko frowned.  "Why him?"

Washu smiled and said, "He just might give me a few clues on who to look for.  
Now scoot, and get what you want done.  I'll work on things here."

"Okay."  Ryoko then turned around and left the lab through the door.  After she 
left, Washu then saved what she had worked on previously and began working on 
this new task.

"So it will take me a little longer to get that tuner made.  This is going to be 
fun."

***

Author's Note:  Okay, so this is going to take a while.  I didn't think that 
this was going to be a multi-parter but what the hay, it'll give me a chance to 
get the story put together more.  If you got any suggestions about any story 
twist, please send me a line and I'll think about it.

If there is anything about this story that you think that needs improvement, 
again drop me a line or better yet, do it through a MST.  Then maybe, I might 
see something that I can improve on.  Until then. LATER.

9/11/01

FDNY-NYPD- THE REAL HEROES



  







      

   


