This is my very first Fic, so please don't hate me too 
much, and try to cut me a little slack ok?
(I realize, and acknowledge the fact that all the 
characters in Tenchi Muyo are the property of Pioneer, 
however I state that the Character Orion Dragoon/Yugo is of 
my own make, and I also thought of the Niogira. So I'll 
thank you to ask my permission to use them in any other 
work than my own. ^_^) I would at this time like to beg 
pioneer not to sue me, I'm only 17, I have no job, and I 
wrote this thing cause I wanted to, I'm not getting paid 
for my work... Please Pioneer, don't sue me, Please I beg 
of you!!!!
	And hey, thanx for making such a cool series guys, 
Pioneer Rules!!!!!!!  I would also like to thank my Girl 
friend and comrade in my creative process Carly for 
contributing her thoughts, and opinions to make my story 
kick ass.  Well On with the Fic!!!!!


Tenchi Muyo:
Birth of the Dragon



	A wise man once said, "If we do not learn from our 
past we are doomed to repeat it."  He had no clue how right 
he was.  It all started 200,017 years ago, I was born by 
emaculant conception, My mother Funaho thought that I was 
her son by Azusa, and I had thought so too until I realized 
that my beliefs were totally different from those of my 
parents.  I was raised as a prince, but I trained myself as 
a soldier, I trained and fought with every soldier I could 
get to spar with me.  I grew stronger and wiser than even 
Lord Azusa himself; I was 17 when I left home.  From that 
point on I fought in every war, in every galaxy I came 
across, and I used a ship that was forbidden to be made on 
Juri.  After a few years I came across a planet called 
Earth I was 100,017 then, and far stronger than anyone 
before me, both physically and in Juri power.  I met my 
younger brother Yosho 700 years ago, I knew he was Juri and 
hid behind a false name.  I've been hiding myself away from 
everyone, until now..









	The Masaki House shook violently from an explosion.  
"Ryoko!  Stop fighting with Ayeka!"  "But I'm not fighting 
with her Tenchi, that wasn't me."  Ryoko had materialized 
in Tenchi's room and Ayeka knocked only moments later 
saying the same thing.  An exasperated Tenchi then asked, 
"well then who caused that explosion?"  They all looked 
outside to see smoke in the surrounding forest, and Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Washu, and Sasami running towards the edge of the 
forest, with Nobuyuki following close behind.

	Kiyone was the first on the scene and saw the huge 
blast mark, and the bodies of two men lying just outside 
the burnt ring.  One was completely decimated and the other 
was unconscious, but badly hurt.  The rest of the household 
was there shortly after taking in the scene, and Tenchi's 
grandfather, Katsuhito, recognized the body of the 
unconscious man.  "Quickly, let's get him inside the 
shrine, he'll need to be looked after."  Tenchi and his 
father Nobuyuki both carried the body to the shrine and 
laid it on the flag- stones.  "Do you know him grandpa?"  
"Yes, he is a very old friend."  "But, grandpa he looks 
like he's at most 18 years old."  To that Katsuhito 
laughed, "HAHAHAHAHA!  You should know by now Tenchi that 
looks are very deceiving."

	My dreams were growing more violent by the moment, I 
was re-living memories from wars that I had long ago wished 
to forget, and now I could feel my control slipping away.  
'Yugo! Get down. GAAAAAAAHHHHHH!'  'NOOOO!  Hirideshi, 
Mazakura!'.  "Gaah!"  I sat bolt upright with sweat poring 
down my face, panting.  The pain hit me like a sledgehammer 
and I was drained of any strength I had left in me, I lay 
back down on the floor mat still breathing heavily.  A few 
moments later a very beautiful blonde young lady walked in 
and gasped.  ".. Oh, I better get Katsuhito, I didn't know 
you were awake."  She giggled and turned to leave, I just 
spoke in a hoarse whisper.  "Hey, Mihoshi, help me get up 
would ya?"  "H-h-how did you know my name?"  "I know 
everyone's name, Katsuhito told me.  I can't move very 
well, would you help me stand?"  "Yeah but um, you might 
wanna put some pants on first."  I looked completely 
embarrassed, a huge sweat bead forming on my forehead, and 
I could feel the heat of my blushing on my face.  "Uh, 
thanks Mihoshi."  I quickly grabbed my pants from the 
floor, it took me a half-hour but I finally got my pants 
(or what was left of them) back on.  I sat up, but before I 
could try and stand there was a knock at my door.  "May I 
enter?"  "Of course Katsuhito, it is your shrine after all, 
besides I think I'll need some help standing."  "Hmm.  I 
wouldn't have expected you to be back to even minimal 
strength yet Orion."  "Yeah well you know us Dragoons, too 
stupid to know when to stay down right?"  I made a pitiful 
attempt at a laugh, and buckled over in pain.  "Ow, I guess 
I'm not in as good a shape as I thought."  I grunted as I 
got up with Katsuhito's help, he let me use him as a crutch 
so I could move around the shrine.

	I made it to the courtyard to find everyone standing 
there waiting, in what appeared to be earnest for the 
knowledge that I was ok.  "Hey everybody, thanks for 
looking after an idiot like me, sorry if I worried anyone."  
"Who are you, and what was that explosion?"  "Ah, you must 
be Kiyone, I've heard of your beauty and wit, but stories 
do you no justice.  I am Orion Dragoon; I live in these 
mountains.  The explosion was caused by me, I engaged in a 
battle with a man who wished to kill all of you, and as I'm 
sure you've seen, that man is no longer a threat."  A 
bewildered look ran across everyone's faces, "uh, I'm 
really sorry for causing you to worry, I'll try not to let 
it happen again, sometimes my power gets away from me. Heh 
heh, Ow." I winced in pain; I had hit that tree harder than 
I thought. (Damn him and his blaster!)

	Later that day I found myself wandering aimlessly 
around the shrine, when I noticed Tenchi working alone in 
the fields.  "Hey Tenchi, want some help?"  "Oh, hi Orion, 
no I couldn't ask you to." It was too late I had already 
found a hoe and started to work.  "I guess it was more of a 
statement than a request, huh Orion."  "Yup." The steady 
work was more relaxing than actually being hard labor, 
Tenchi and myself had finished working on the whole field 
by lunch- time.  "Wow, I didn't think we would be able to 
do so much work in so little time Orion."  "Well, something 
I've said for years is 'never doubt the power and ability 
of a dragon, if you do you are more of a fool than me.'"  
"But your not a dragon, you're a human like grandpa and 
me."  "Don't believe your eyes all of the time Tenchi, 
there are things in this universe that go beyond anyone's 
comprehension."  Tenchi noticed the far away look in his 
grandfather's friend's eyes, and noticed for the first time 
a hint of loss and sorrow.

	"Nobuyuki, thank you for inviting me to eat with you 
and your family.  I look forward to what we're going to 
have for lunch, I hear Sasami is a grand cook."  The little 
blue hared Jurian princess smiled and ran off to get the 
food with Tenchi and Ayeka in tow.  When Ryoko entered I 
just about ruined the table.  I jumped up shouting, "Ryoko! 
Why are you here?!"  The moment she recognized me she 
summoned her energy sword and prepared to fight.  "You!  
I'll kill you!"  I was getting ready to launch an energy 
blast straight at her head when, "What are you doing?!" 
"Huh? Sorry Tenchi, I'll take this outside, and finish 
her."  "You're not going to kill Ryoko, I won't let you."  
"What? Is she a friend now or something?  Katsuhito why 
didn't you tell me Ryoko had been freed, and was looked 
upon as a friend?"  "I knew it would upset you."  "My 
apologies Ryoko, I didn't know, please forgive me."  I 
bowed and sat back down.  An instant later, "Meeyah!"  
"What the?!  Oh how cute, a cabbit, I had one when I was 
very young."  I scratched the cabbit behind its left ear 
and got an immediate response, pure joy.  "Meeya, meeya!"  
"Hmm hmm hmm hmm, apparently all cabbits share a common 
pleasure point, mine loved the back of its ear scratched, 
and apparently she does too."  The cabbit scrambled out of 
my lap and retrieved one of its carrots from across the 
table and plopped down munching happily.

	After lunch I went back into the woods and found the 
old cave Katsuhito had sealed Ryoko in, I entered the cave 
and found the mystic Juri barrier completely decimated and 
entered Ryoko's tomb.  Here in her tomb I unleashed my 
shear fury, transforming once more into the beast I kept 
hidden within my soul, and throughout the hills and heavens 
the sound of my primal scream could be heard by all.  I 
heard Katsuhito enter the cave and I quieted my rage, and 
returned to the man he thought he knew so well.  "What was 
that Orion?"  "A remnant of a long forgotten past my 
friend, even here some things still haunt me." I let my 
voice trail off while a scanned the tomb.  "So Tenchi 
actually broke the seal did he, it's lucky for him that 
Ryoko likes him."  "Very true my friend, Ryoko actually 
loves him." "As does Ayeka I take it.  Yes Katsuhito I can 
see it in both of their eyes, it's easy when you know what 
to look for."  (Katsuhito I want so much to tell you that I 
am your brother, and that I know you are Yosho, but I 
can't. Not yet anyway.)  "Lets leave this place before you 
catch cold, You forgot to put on your shirt and have been 
walking around in one of my tunics all day.  I guess no one 
saw your scars, otherwise they would have asked questions."

	Katsuhito and I walked out of the cave and met with 
Tenchi five paces away, and in full battle gear.  "Well, 
it's nice to see that you've embraced your Jurian heritage 
Tenchi, but you do not need to fight here, all you heard 
was a voice from my past."  "Tenchi it's time for your 
training."  "Okay grandpa."  "Do you mind if I watch?  I 
might be able to help a little too."  As it happened I 
ended up sparring with Tenchi and teaching him how to keep 
a good stance while being attacked, and while attacking.  
"You see Tenchi, it's all about your balance, and how you 
can be defending while preparing your attack.  One step 
leads to another my friend."  "Yeah and I haven't been hit 
once, if I had been fighting grandpa I have a ton of lumps 
on my head by now."  Thwack!  I hit Tenchi on the head 
causing a single tear to fall down his cheek.  "You should 
never let your guard down when facing your opponent, sorry 
Tenchi, but I trained with Katsuhito too, hahaha, You 
should always tell an opponent when you yield, unless you 
defeat him."  "Ow!  I can't catch a break, woah!"  Crack!  
"You see you've learned from your mistake, well done, now. 
it's dinner- time, I'm starved."  I walked over and handed 
my boken to Katsuhito, bowed and began to walk away when I 
heard Katsuhito jump, I heard him swing the boken at my 
head, I side stepped and watched the wooden blade strike 
the flag stones effectively shattering the blade.  "You 
remember everything I showed you, I'm impressed, though 
when I found you, you already knew most of the Juri 
fighting style."  "Katsuhito, can we eat now, I'm hungry, 
and I can't wait to try what Sasami has cooked for dinner."

	After dinner I went back into the woods intent on 
finding my ship.  I crawled into the hatch that was 
carefully concealed by a stone camouflage hologram, as was 
the rest of my ship.  The FireDrake was now a stone statue 
guarding the lake in front of my home.  I retrieved some 
new pants and a new shirt, and walked into my home's cave 
entrance.  For some reason I had the song 'Beautiful' by 
the American band Creed stuck in my head and began singing.  
I didn't know that I had a fan though, until I heard a twig 
snap behind me, but I continued to walk as though nothing 
had happened, I took off my shirt to change and started 
talking to the person behind me.  "So you followed me did 
you, I'm surprised I didn't hear you before now, I suppose 
that must mean I've attracted the attention of a certain GP 
officer by the name of Kiyone."  "How the hell can you do 
that?  How did you know it was me?"  "Mihoshi would have 
made more noise than an elk in heat, Ryoko isn't very good 
at moving around quietly either, Ayeka's to stuck on Tenchi 
to even bother, and Sasami hasn't shown any interest in 
me."  Kiyone seemed quite flustered at this point, "b-but 
I-I-I don't really." "Know what's going through your mind?  
It's easy, I'm someone new, someone who's just as much a 
mystery as you."  "How could you know that I, well, you 
know."  "Was attracted to me?  I could see it in your eyes 
every time you looked at me, and every time I smiled and 
spoke to you you'd blush and look away.  You have nothing 
to be ashamed of Kiyone, I actually, uh, well, umm." I let 
my voice fade as I felt myself blushing horrendously.  
Kiyone finished my sentence for me as I had hers, "you mean 
to tell me that you like me too."  "Well yeah.  Ha ha ha ha 
you'd think that after 200,000 years this'd get easier."  
Kiyone let loose a laugh, a laugh I'd never heard before, 
it wasn't a nervous laugh, it wasn't a sardonic laugh, it 
was a very real very heart felt laugh.  "Wow, Kiyone, you 
have a wonderful laugh, it sounds like angel's music."

	Kiyone stopped laughing to blush at what Orion had 
just said to her, she never thought that she'd fall for a 
guy she didn't even know, but here she was talking to 
someone she didn't know but 'loved' very much.  "Why, Orion 
if I didn't know any better I'd say you were coming on to 
me."  She'd never even seen Tenchi blush this much before, 
but he regained some of his composure.  "Uh, and w-what if 
I was?"  "Well then I'd have to hug you," she couldn't 
believe she'd said that.  Orion smiled somewhat and stepped 
towards her, what he did next sent her blood boiling, and 
her heart soaring.  

	I don't know why I did what I did, but I did it and I 
was glad, I took Kiyone in my arms and just held her.  I 
then whispered into her ear, "not if I hug you first."  
Even I could not have anticipated what happened next.  
"Mmmmm." A kiss shared between two people can mean the 
difference between love and friendship, and believe me this 
was love.  "Where did that come from?"  "I'm so sorry I 
didn't meant to." "No, Kiyone, it's ok, I enjoyed that.  
You are a fantastic kisser, and I can't help but wonder if 
you'll consent to being my girl friend."  "Sure, I'll go 
out with you."  We shared another kiss, and walked back to 
the house.

	The next few weeks flew by; Kiyone was having the time 
of her life.  The happiness shared between Orion and Kiyone 
did not go unnoticed however (how could it? They always 
walked hand in hand, and were kissing each other every five 
seconds.)  Ryoko and Ayeka were happy to see that Kiyone 
had finally found someone that made her happy, but Sasami 
was showing some signs of jealousy, and Mihoshi was getting 
more and more frantic by the day.  "Oh, what if I get 
called away on patrol and Kiyone is with you?"  "Relax 
Mihoshi, I'm not going to take Kiyone away from doing what 
she loves."  "Yeah and besides I've already had Orion go 
with me a couple times, he's a great help."  Mihoshi 
started to cry, "you're trying to replace me?"  "No never!" 
We both shouted in unison to be heard over her wailing, and 
she abruptly stopped crying.  "Honest?"  "Mihoshi," I 
started, while sliding an arm around her shoulders and 
leading her to the house, "I could never 'replace' you.  
You and Kiyone go way too far back."  Mihoshi looked happy 
and I looked at Kiyone and rolled my eyes and sighed.

	"Phew, man I thought you had me there for a sec 
Tenchi, nice move.  You only made one mistake here, with 
your down strike."  I demonstrated the proper way to 
perform the combination attack with Yosho.  "You see?  You 
held your sword at the wrong angle that's why my block hurt 
your wrist."  "Oh, can I try that again, I think I got it 
now."  "Ok, let's see if you can do it right."  Tenchi 
initiated and performed the five-strike combo perfectly, 
and managed to cut open my shirt a little.  "OH! Sorry 
Orion."  "It's all right Tenchi nice shot; you've 
definitely come a long way."  "Yes indeed, I can't even cut 
Orion with that attack."

	Later that evening at dinner, Kiyone noticed the slash 
in my shirt, as did half of the others at the table.  "What 
happened to you?"  "Nothing Kiyone, I'm helping Tenchi 
train remember?  He's become remarkably stronger and 
faster, I dare say he's surpassed even Katsuhito."  Sasami 
looked heatedly at Tenchi, "*You* did that to him?"  "Calm 
yourself Sasami, he didn't mean to, and it's just as much 
my fault, I didn't block his strike fast enough."  I said 
soothingly, patting Sasami on the head.  "This is fantastic 
Sasami, tomorrow would you mind showing me how to cook it?"  
She brightened up considerably, "Sure!"  Ayeka began to eye 
Sasami and myself carefully, "Something wrong Ayeka?"  
"Huh?! No nothing at all, why do you ask?"  "You just seem 
concerned about something that's all," I replied smoothly.

	The next mourning I woke up just before dawn as usual, 
but didn't get up, Kiyone was fast asleep resting her head 
on my chest.  We'd fallen asleep together on the couch; I 
allowed myself a smile and just held her closer to me, she 
sighed and smiled contently.  It was exactly 8:00 a.m. and 
the house was becoming alive, Sasami came downstairs and 
went to the kitchen to get breakfast ready.  Tenchi came 
down last following behind Ayeka, Ryoko and Ryo-ohki came 
down from the rafters and Ryoko latched on to Tenchi.  
Kiyone was still asleep when everyone came down, and I 
asked everyone to stay as quiet as possible so she could 
sleep.  "Ok Orion." Whispered Tenchi and the others.  
"Thanks everybody, she should wake up in about. 3.2.1."  
"Huh?  Mmmm, oh my, what time is it?"  "Morning sleepyhead, 
it's about 8:30.  You where tired."  "I'm sorry, why didn't 
you get up, I know you hate to miss the sunrise and your 
morning workout."  "Well you just looked so peaceful I 
didn't have the heart to move lest I disturbed you."  She 
said, "Aww, thank you," and kissed me.

	After Breakfast I went out to excersise, but today I 
did something differently, I took my shirt off as I was 
walking away from the table.  I heard everyone gasp, and 
Kiyone grabbed my arm.  "What happened to you?  How did 
you.'gasp!'"  I had turned around to look at Kiyone and 
Sasami passed out, Washu's nose started bleeding, and Ryoko 
just stared open mouthed.  "Well I guess you all deserve to 
know, but I think I had better wait to tell everyone, I'll 
tell you about these scars at lunch.  Heh, I thought my 
hair would cover the ones on my back, I guess not."

	Sasami woke up just in time to see Orion's muscular 
frame once more before he turned and walked away from the 
table.  (Wow) she thought, (He's so cute)  "Sasami, snap 
out of it would ya?"  "Huh?  Oh sorry Ayeka.  Oh! I had 
better start making lunch!"  Sasami got up and ran into the 
kitchen leaving Tenchi to pick up the dishes.  (My god, 
what am I thinking, he's Kiyone's, and I shouldn't be 
thinking those things)  "If only I was older."  Meanwhile 
Washu was still in shock, "What a hunk of man. I've been in 
another dimension for way too long."  "Washu!" "Mother!"  
Kiyone and Ryoko both shouted at once.  "Huh? Oh! Did I say 
something?"  Sweat forming on her forehead Washu backed 
away into her lab.

	Later Tenchi was again at work in the fields, "Hey 
Tenchi, what's up?"  "Oh, hi Orion, I'm just working."  
"I'll help, somehow I get the feeling that I shouldn't go 
back to the house quite yet."  Tenchi started chuckling, 
"yeah you made quite an impression this morning, I'm just 
glad I don't have to face Kiyone when I get back, she 
looked mad when I left."  "Oh no, I didn't make that much 
of an impression did I?  I was surprised to see Sasami pass 
out. and Washu's nose start bleeding, but I didn't think 
that anyone except Kiyone liked me that much."  I hung my 
head knowing that inevitably I'd have to face the facts, I 
now have more than one admirer.
"Lets work slowly today, I wanna have a good excuse for 
showing up late to lunch."  "Yeah, right, I'm getting 
hungry and I've only got three rows left to finish.  Sorry 
Orion, maybe you should go for a walk or something I'll 
just say I haven't seen you since breakfast."  "No, that 
would worry Kiyone, hey Tenchi, I'm gonna go spar with 
Katsuhito, can I borrow the Tenchi-Ken?"  "What? Why?"  "So 
I can use my Tenchi-Ka, it's another Jurian master key, 
Yugo Masaki gave it to me a long time ago, and I'm feeling 
rusty."  "Oh, ok, just promise that you wont hurt grandpa 
ok?"  "It's not him getting hurt you should be afraid of, I 
have some information that's really gonna set him off.  Man 
I just hope he'll understand."

	Two energy blades clash at the Masaki shrine.  "Well 
Katsuhito, you've kept up, I thought you'd have forgotten 
some stuff in 700 years."  "Ha! Do you honestly think so 
little of me?"  "No my brother I do not."  Katsuhito 
abruptly stopped his attack.  "What?  What did you just 
say?"  "Katsuhito, or should I say Yosho, I have been 
hiding something from you."  "How do you know that name?!"  
"Yosho calm down, it's me, I'm Yugo."  "No! Yugo died in 
the Megami wars!  I even saw the report myself, lieutenant 
commander Orion. No it can't be."  "Yosho, I faked my 
death, I was so different from the rest of the Juri that I 
never wanted to return, and I created Orion Dragoon because 
of my ability, and conveniently hid behind my second form.  
I'm your brother Yosho, the lost Prince of Juri, the only 
person who can summon all 11 light hawk wings."  Yosho had 
tears in his eyes, "how could you, how could you not return 
to Juri, mother and father would have understood." "No 
Yosho, they would have exiled me.  I'll show you why."  I 
began to concentrate and unleashed my inner beast, 
everything that I had kept hidden burst forth in a wave of 
primal fury, it was hard to keep control but I did.  "You 
see Yosho, I have no father, I was emaculantly conceived 
and I was born with this ability."  I hung my head in 
sorrow and disgrace, "Yosho, I'm sorry I didn't tell you 
right away, but I was afraid that you'd reject me, as a 
friend, and your brother.  I understand your anger, and if 
you wish I will no longer disgrace your shrine with my 
presence."  I turned and began to walk away. "Yugo Masaki, 
enguarde!"  "As you wish Yosho! Hiya!"  I returned to my 
human form and engaged in a duel that would have made my 
gods proud.

	I returned home very late, just after dinner had been 
finished, and was greeted by a hug and kisses from Kiyone, 
and a hug from Sasami. "Sorry I'm late everybody, I hope 
you weren't worried."  My answer was a slap across the face 
and a punch in the stomach form Kiyone and Sasami.  "Ow!" I 
said rubbing my stomach as though Sasami's blow hurt more, 
and bringing a smile to both their lips.  "What the hell 
have you been doing with Katsuhito!?"  "Sparring, I have to 
bathe before I do anything else, and replace another 
shirt."  Holding up what was left of mine.  "Oh, Tenchi.  
Here's the Tenchi-ken."  "Thanks Orion."  I winced at 
hearing the name I had gone by for so long.  "What's wrong 
Orion?"  "Nothing Sasami, I'm just a little hungry, 
Katsuhito gave me a run for my money that's all."  I 
laughed and started walking towards the bathhouse, when 
Ryoko stopped me.  "You said you'd tell us about these," 
she traced my scars with a finger, "at lunch. Why didn't 
you show?"  "Heh heh, I heard about what happened after I 
had left the house this morning, I figured I'd let certain 
people cool down before I came back."  With that said 
Kiyone jumped on my back and said, "Hey! You think I'd go 
blowing things apart because I got mad at what Washu said?"  
"Well, no, but I've been feeling a lot of tension around 
here, I can't place it but I felt that I should stay out 
today.  Besides I still have to plan for this weekend."  
Kiyone slid off my back but kept her arms around my neck, I 
turned and picked her up by her waist and crossed my arms 
under her butt so that I would be looking up into her eyes.  
"You are strong, how about carrying me to the bath, I need 
one too."  Blushing I said, "Kiyone, there's kids about." 
And started chuckling.  In the hot spring I just relaxed 
and soaked letting the water's heat do it's magic on my 
aching body.  Kiyone was soaking next to me, and I slid an 
arm around her shoulders and pulled her closer to my side, 
and kissed her forehead.

	At my late dinner the others looked at me expectantly 
for me to tell them about my scars, even my brother 
Katsuhito came to hear me tell the story.  "Now keep in 
mind I don't want your pity, all this happened hundreds of 
years ago."  They all nodded and I began. "I got the scar 
over my left eye from my first fianc‚e, I uncovered her 
plot to murder me in order to gain my land and money, so I 
broke off the engagement.  She told her brother, and he 
came after me, he caught me when I was half-asleep.  
Fortunately I was faster than he thought and only got the 
tip of his blade."  I saw that Sasami was about to say 
something and held up my hand, "I already said, Sasami, I 
don't want pity, I'm only telling you this to satisfy your 
curiosity."  I turned so that they could see part of the 
scar on my back, and so that I was looking directly into 
Kiyone's eyes.  "I got these four from my second fianc‚e, I 
broke of the engagement because she loved only my political 
power, not me.  So to make a long story short, she suck the 
pet tiger I had bought her for her 23rd birthday on me.  I 
didn't have the heart to kill the beast so I jumped out of 
her bed room window, the tiger got me when I turned."  
Kiyone just patted my back and traced my third tattoo with 
her finger.  "And I got this beauty when I divorced my 
first wife, her father threw me off a cliff, and I hit a 
jagged outcropping of rock before I hit the water below."  
Mihoshi piped up and asked, "What about your tattoos?"  
"Huh?  Well believe it or not I only have four."  "What?!" 
was everyone's response.  "Yup, I was born with the one on 
my neck, and on the back of my right hand.  I got the 
others after fighting certain wars with down on their luck 
peoples."  Everyone looked dumbfounded, except Katsuhito 
who had already heard all of my stories, and Kiyone who 
just looked worried.  "Orion tell them how you fought 
alongside my brother in the Megami wars."  "You fought in 
the Megami wars?!"  "Actually I did, and I did it because 
of the cause, and the people fighting."  "Grandpa, you have 
a brother?"  "Had a brother I'm afraid Tenchi, Katsuhito's 
brother was severely wounded in battle, I still don't know 
if he made it," I lied.

	After I had eaten dinner, I went outside, out of sight 
of everyone, transformed, and leapt up onto the roof, 
landing with a light thud I changed back to human form and 
watched the stars.
"So, there you are Yugo."  The voice had come from behind 
me and I nearly fell off the roof when I heard it.  "Yikes!  
Huh?  S-Sa- Sasami?"  "Why no, I'm Tsunami, I've been 
wondering when I'd find you."  "Tsu-Tsunami!  No way! I 
never thought that you looked human, you're beautiful. 
Wait, what the hell am I saying?  I'm so sorry Kiyone, I 
didn't mean it." "Yes you did, I know what you're thinking 
and you thought it and meant it.  Thank you. I also know 
that Sasami likes you a great deal, that's how I found 
you."  "Hey Orion! You up there?"  "Kiyone. Yeah, I'll be 
down in a sec!"  I turned and jumped.  I landed and stood 
up only to look directly into Tsunami's face.  "AAHHH! 
Don't do that! You scared the hell outta me Tsunami."  "I'm 
sorry Yu-." "No!" I shouted quickly covering Tsunami's 
holographic mouth.  "Don't say that name, that person isn't 
me, you got the wrong guy!"  Tsunami regarded me for a 
moment, and nodded, I just started walking.  "Orion, wait 
up!"  I stopped and turned; Kiyone must have seen the 
torment in my eyes because she sprinted the rest of the 
way.  I collapsed to the ground, and started apologizing 
while on my hands and knees, "I'm sorry Kiyone, I'm so so 
sorry."  Tsunami walked over not making a sound; "there is 
much you are keeping hidden, I will return to you when you 
are ready to open up."

	After the image disappeared I slowly stood up, eyes 
focused on the ground, "I'm sorry Kiyone, for not telling 
you everything, and I'm sorry that I am unable to tell you 
still."  I started walking, "Orion, it's ok, I understand 
that everyone has their secrets." "But I already know all 
of yours, the only other man you loved, besides me, never 
returned to you.  That is the secret you keep hidden so 
deep within you that you talk about it in your sleep.  I've 
buried mine so deep that they haunt my every waking hour.  
My name is not Orion as I have told you, my name is Yugo. 
Yugo Masaki, the lost prince of Juri."  "What? That's not 
possible I did a report on Yugo Masaki at the academe, Yugo 
Masaki received his death wound while protecting the 
Dragon, Orion. no, it can't be true."  I couldn't meet her 
gaze; I turned my head and simply nodded.  "You faked your 
death?  But why?"  "My parents would never have understood 
what had happened to their son, that I was cursed from the 
time I was developing within the womb, they didn't 
understand what my markings were when I was born, and they 
could never understand who my real father is."  "I don't 
care if you are a run away prince, I love you just the same 
Orion, Yugo, or what ever you call yourself."  "From this 
point on I reclaim my name, my true name, I am Yugo 
Masaki."  I suddenly felt much better, like I could take on 
the world, no the universe.  I just did the next best 
thing, I told everyone exactly who I was.  "Guys, I've 
decided to let you in on a secret, my brother Katsuhito 
already knows, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, I am the lost prince 
of Juri, I am Yugo Masaki.  So far I have been the only 
Jurian to ever call forth all 10 light hawk wings."  "No, 
my elder stepbrother Yugo is dead, and you are only human.  
If your Katsuhito's brother. Then Katsuhito is." To prove 
who I was I summoned all 10 light hawk wings and changed 
into full battle gear, 15 seconds later I dropped the light 
hawk wings.  "I still have my secrets but none of you are 
ready for those to come to light yet.  Not even my dear 
Kiyone."  "Hey, your cloths look just like mine, is that 
the common battle wardrobe grandpa?"
"No Tenchi, this uniform is bestowed only upon the royal 
family.  Of which you are a direct descendant."

	Ayeka passed out this time and Sasami just threw her 
arms around my leg and started crying.  "Sasami, don't cry, 
everything is ok, it's my fault for not telling any of you 
right off who I was."  Just then I got a pain in my chest 
that felt like I had been run through with a red-hot sword, 
I staggered back and fell to my knees clutching at my 
heart.  I felt the intense heat of my rage filling my body.  
I felt my senses sharpening, and I ran out the back door 
changing back into my regular clothes; fortunately I was in 
the woods before the beast within me broke free in a 
volcanic wave of power, rage, and heat.  I just kept 
running forward toward what ever had triggered my 
transformation.  I broke into a clearing and saw what had 
done this to me.  "Kain!! How could you have escaped the 
hell lady Achika sent you too?!" I shouted in my altered 
voice, and drew out the Tenchi-ka letting its molten bronze 
blade glow in the darkness.  I heard Tenchi, and Ryoko 
shout in surprise at seeing two monsters facing each other, 
one carrying the Tenchi-ka that Yugo had brandished so many 
hours ago against his brother.  "Where's Yugo?"  "I'm right 
here Tenchi, you've discovered the one secret I wanted to 
keep hidden, this is my fight, I don't want any of you 
involved. Now run!"  "I sense there is Juri power here, I 
must destroy those possessing Juri Power."  I ran straight 
at Kain keeping my wings tucked back, my slash hit home and 
Kain howled in pain.  After that I let my rage take over, 
the beast within was totally unrestricted in it's attack on 
Kain, and the dark wanderer was all but destroyed in 
moments, save for a scrap of his 'body' writhing on the 
ground.  I was breathing heavily, not from what physical 
exertion I had used, but from trying to gain control over a 
raging beast that had finally been loosed upon an 
unsuspecting enemy.  "I. haven't. lost. control. ever.  
Not. Like. That."  I returned to my human form and 
collapsed on the grass.  "Yugo!"  I looked up to see a 
stunned Ryoko and Tenchi, and suddenly felt sick.

	When I woke up I was in Washu's lab, Kiyone had fallen 
asleep kneeling beside my table, and she had been crying.  
I sat up and felt a small hand against my forehead, "Ow. 
That hurts.  What happened how'd I get here?"  "Ryoko and 
Tenchi brought you in, you looked terrible." I woke Kiyone 
up, and she groaned in pain from kneeling.  "Kiyone are you 
ok?"  "Yeah, will you tell me what happened?"  "I fought 
the wanderer, Kain, I just hope I killed him.  I can't 
remember exactly how I won but when I came to I didn't see 
Kain anywhere."  "Tenchi said you changed after the battle, 
he said that you were a monster when you fought Kain.  What 
did he mean?"  "I guess I had better show you, I hope Ayeka 
and Sasami don't know about what happened."  Once more I 
changed into the dragon I was so feared as.  "In this form 
I am Orion Dragoon, I looked like this when I told the Juri 
that Yugo was dead, and I looked like this when I went to 
Juri to mourn for the loss the royal family had suffered."  
Kiyone took a step forward and caressed my cheek, looking 
into my eyes she smiled.  "No matter what form you take 
it's still you in those eyes, and that's all I care about."  
"I love you Kiyone, thank you for seeing through the beast 
to the man beneath."  I slowly changed back holding Kiyone 
in my arms, Washu just stood there looking at us.  "Well, 
Orion I want to perform some tests on you, will ya let me?"  
"Sorry little Washu, but no, I don't want tests performed 
on me, I know why I am the way I am."

	9 months have passed since my fight with Kain, and to 
my enjoyment I kept my alternate form hidden away from 
Ayeka, and Sasami, and as of late I've seen a look in 
Kiyone's eyes that goes beyond the simple explanation of 
love.  I had gotten a job in the city to pay for the 
celebration of our one-year anniversary.  I had to walk 
through a part of town that housed the city's homeless, and 
I always made a small contribution, but this time one of 
them grabbed my arm and said, "Shadows from the past will 
enter unto the light of the present."  I didn't know what 
he meant but I smiled and thanked him for the information 
anyway.  I met up with Nobuyuki, and asked if he had time 
to give me a lift home.  "Why of course Orion.  I'd be 
happy to help you get home."  "Thanks Nobuyuki, and call me 
Yugo, I don't know if you remember but I am your uncle."  
"I still like to call you Orion, I hope you don't mind."  
"Of course not Nobuyuki, Kiyone is the only other person 
who persists in calling me Orion, so I'll consider it an 
honor."  "Ah, very good.  You know I was wondering if you 
could help my Tenchi get one of the other girls to go out 
with him."  "Nobuyuki!  It's not proper for a knight to 
interfere in another man's personal life, and besides if he 
went out with one of the girls either Ryoko, and/or Ayeka 
would skin the poor girl alive. And further more, if he 
decided to be with Ayeka it would break Ryoko's heart, and 
vice versa."  "Well I can see his dilemma, I guess I'll 
have to find someone for everyone."  "Mihoshi and Sasami 
don't need to be diverted they have no physical interest in 
Tenchi, what we need is someone to attract Ryoko, I've seen 
how Tenchi looks at Ayeka, he likes her the most. what a 
problem.  Hmm."  I was still so preoccupied with the ring I 
had been crafting for Kiyone, that I didn't think of 
anything else for the next few days.

	"Oh! Damn it! Where did I put that dress he bought 
me?!"  Kiyone was busy sifting through her things, standing 
in her undergarments in her room.  "Eh-hem, looking for 
this my dear?"  "What?!  Oh you... actually I was."  (Man 
he looks good even with only his jeans on, hehe I wonder 
what he looks like without anything)  "Ten yen for your 
thoughts. Or should I just wing it?"  "Think your that good 
do you?"  "Why yes, let's see you were thinking of what I 
looked like with nothing on."  I said jokingly, but blushed 
when Kiyone turned completely red.  "Uh guess I hit home.  
Well here's your dress; I have to go get dressed myself.  I 
think you'll like what I have in store."  "Ok, can you tell 
me where we're going tonight?"  "Well I could. But it's top 
secret information, I'd have to kill you shortly 
afterwards."  My voice ringing heavily with humor, "I'll be 
back in five minutes to pick you up."  "Alright, see you in 
a few."  I walked out of the room and jogged out the back 
sliding door, once I got into the shadows I transformed and 
flew to my house in the near-by mountains.  "Man I gotta 
hurry."  I changed back, and got dressed.

	Five minutes passed and a motorcycle could be heard 
roaring up to the front of the house.  Tenchi answered the 
door, "Yes? Can I help you?"  "Don't act stupid Tenchi, I 
have to get Kiyone. Wow!"  I said taking off my helmet and 
letting my hair feather back into place, "Kiyone, you look. 
you." I just stood there stunned, and Tenchi's nose started 
bleeding.  It also didn't take me long to notice the chain 
around her neck, (but I can't see the pendant, oh! I know 
why) I had followed the silver chain and figured out where 
her pendant was.  "Man I hope I know what I'm doing." I 
muttered to myself, "Kiyone you look purely angelic, (thank 
the divine one for lending me the strength to annihilate 
the trials). S-sh-shall we go?"  "Of course, oh, I don't 
have a riding jacket."  "I know, that's why I'm going to 
give you mine."  I took off my jacket, and watched as 
Kiyone's jaw dropped, I was dressed in a button down white 
shirt, with a light-grey t-shirt tucked in underneath and 
black suit pants, and I had my long pony tail braided.  
Sasami came around to get Tenchi and saw me, I saw her 
knees about to give out so I ran over and caught her before 
she fell.  "Hey, Sasami, are you alright?"  "Huh? Yeah I 
guess so, you look great."  "Thanks little sister, where's 
Ayeka and the others?  I wanna say goodnight before Kiyone 
and I leave."  "I'll go get them."  Sasami ran off to get 
the others, I went over and knocked at Washu's door, "hey 
little Washu, are you in there?  C'mon out I'm about to 
leave and I wanna say good night."  "I'll be right there," 
was the response.
Ayeka was the first to show up and saw me putting my coat 
on Kiyone, "um excuse me, but I think her boyfriend would 
kill you for taking her out tonight. 'gasp!'"  "Oh c'mon 
Ayeka, is it that much of a surprise to you that I dressed 
like this tonight?"  Ryoko showed up next, "wow, never 
thought ya had it in ya, you look good.  So how about you 
and me tonight?" "Ryoko, you're embarrassing me."  Washu 
finally came out of her lab, "Please say you've come for 
me."  "Washu! Geez, if I get reactions like that from all 
of you I'll never say good night to you again when I go out 
with Kiyone."  I said in a mock angry tone, and looking 
somewhat indignant.  Katsuhito and Nobuyuki were the last 
to get hugs and good nights from Kiyone and me that night.

	"Orion, there's still an hour before the sun even 
sets."  "I know, I just want you to see something first."  
"Oh?  And what would that be?"  "Now you know I can't tell 
you, here's your helmet, I painted it with you in mind."  
The helmet was black with a white angel painted on it; mine 
was black with a crimson Dragon on it.  "It's beautiful." 
". Yeah, beautiful." Kiyone felt herself smiling, and 
leaned forward and kissed her boyfriend.  We got on my bike 
and rode off.  About fifteen minutes later I pulled my bike 
over on a bluff over looking the whole Masaki shrine.  
"Kiyone, will you stand over by the edge of the bluff?  And 
take your helmet off, I'll help with your jacket."  "What's 
this about?"  "It's all apart of what I wanted to show 
you."  Kiyone went and stood where Orion had asked, she 
turned her head to her right and a gentle breeze played on 
her hair pushing some of it across her profile.  She turned 
and saw Orion drawing on a pad of paper, it took him about 
five minutes but he had what he wanted and put the pad 
away.  "Perfect, you turned your head just the right way 
for the breeze to do exactly what I wanted, I can't wait 
for you to see the finished product."  "Can I see what you 
have so far?"  "Nope, I made it a rule long before you were 
born to never let anyone see my works until they were 
finished, 1. 2.3. Now."  "What?" "Look, look at the sunset, 
everything is perfect."  "I didn't have to see the sunset 
to know that," she said turning, "It's beautiful."  "Just 
like you," I said as I wrapped my arms around her and 
kissed the nape of her neck.  "Why do you have to be so 
good, mmm, that feels nice."  "Everything's just going so 
perfect, this is the best time I've ever had."

	Orion had watched the sunset with her and Kiyone was 
enjoying being held in his arms, she felt safe, secure, and 
most importantly; loved.  After the sunset she sat behind 
Orion on his motorcycle and held tight as he motored to 
where ever it was they were going.  In the city Orion 
pulled into the parking lot of the most expensive, and 
prestigious restaurant in the area.  "How could you." 
"Possibly afford this?  I've been working Kiyone, 
remember?"  "Yeah, but I." "Never thought I could afford to 
take you here?  Let me worry about it, this is my treat to 
you, for twelve months of purely fabulous love."  "You old 
softy."  "I'll take that as a compliment."  I smiled and 
walked in the front door with Kiyone right beside me.  "Can 
I help you sir?"  "Why, yes table for two, I have 
reservations.  Masaki, Yugo Masaki?"  "Oh, Yes of course, 
I'm sorry mister Masaki, I didn't recognize you."  "Don't 
worry, no one ever does, Hanzo, meet Kiyone, Kiyone this is 
Hanzo, I've known him for three months now."  "Wow you've 
been planning this for three months?"  "Yes, oh, Hanzo 
would you mind having a bottle of wine waiting for us at 
our table?  I believe we discussed the vintage this 
morning."  "Of course sir, this way please."  Soon after we 
had been seated two waiters served our dinners.  "Wait, we 
didn't even order." "I took the liberty of calling just 
before we left and ordered your favorite, I hope you don't 
mind, you had a look about you all mourning screaming for 
veil parmesan, where as I've been craving a steak for a few 
days."  "Am I so predictable that you know exactly what I'm 
thinking and wanting?  How'd you know Veil Parmesan was my 
favorite?"  "Well, you had four helpings when I made it for 
you."  We both had to laugh for that one.

	We had both finished our dinner and were talking about 
how our days went, and normal small talk, I found myself 
absently fingering the felt box in my pocket.  (Here goes 
nothing) "Kiyone, I have something I want to ask you." 
Beep!  Beep!  Beep!  "Shit!  Man the GP sure knows how to 
spoil a moment.  C'mon I'll act as your escort, I haven't 
flown the FireDrake in a while anyway."  "Why not ride with 
me?"  "I get the feeling that this isn't going to be 
standard SR."  Later Kiyone radioed me saying she was 
aboard the Yagami, and I said I'd be there in a few 
moments.  The Masaki home shook violently and an ear-
shattering whine could be heard.  "Wh-what's that?!  
Grandpa! What's making the house shake?"  "The FireDrake!  
Ha!  The Fire Drake rises once more!"  The 200,000-year-old 
engines of the FireDrake roared to life, and the 
universally feared ship launched itself at an inconceivable 
speed towards the outer atmosphere.  "Kiyone it's good to 
see your cruiser, but it is a little big don't you think?  
What the. No!  It can't be!  That's not possible!"  "What? 
What's wrong Orion?"  "Kiyone, I want you to call Lord 
Azusa! Tell him that the Niogira still live!  And are 
invading earth space, and then I want you to report to GP 
HQ that Orion Dragoon is currently engaging the Niogira 
Battle fleet solo!  Kiyone, I love you, and I don't want 
you to enter this battle!  If anything get our friends onto 
the Yagami and Ryo-Ohki and get the hell outta this 
system!"  "Yugo!  Don't fight alone! Yugo!"  I had the 
engines on the FireDrake maxed, I flew right at the first 
defensive line and fired volley after volley of laser fire 
across their outer hulls.  I never saw the strike fighters 
behind me.  Boom!  "Aah!  You're faster to react then you 
used to be. No matter, I'll wipe you out!"  Mine was the 
only fighter in the universe to transform into a mobile 
suit, and I used this to my advantage, I also had installed 
a special targeting system that pushed my senses beyond the 
limits.  Utilizing these two elements I devastated the 
front line and went after the rest of the fleet, I rocketed 
into their midst drawing their own fighters into the cross 
fire. "Man this is a full fleet, I'll have to use the 
buster cannon a lot this time around, what Infrared is 
picking up a ship the size of a small planet?  No way, I 
guess I should've asked for some help."  A few seconds 
later my scanners picked up the Yagami, the Ryo-ohki, and 
the Jurian ship Tsunami.  "Orion we're here to help, I know 
that you're going to be mad at me but we all agreed."  
"Alright fine, I'll let you handle the last few ships in 
this wave, I'm going after the others."  I broke 
communications before they could argue.  I fired my four-
barrel buster cannon and cleared out a perfectly straight 
path and saw as four huge volleys of laser fire devastated 
the rest of the final wave.  "Hey Orion, long time no see."  
"Nagi?!  Hey!  What have you been doing with yourself these 
days, now that the bounty on Ryoko's head been negated?"  
"What? Negated? When?"  "I'll tell you later.  Right now I 
have to take out the last cruiser, it's a huge one too, 
bigger than Kagato's and it looks like it might have more 
firepower."  Deet deet deet deet! "What in the. Oh Shit!"  
"What? Orion what is.? Dear god."  "Kiyone, Ryoko, Nagi, 
Tsunami target incoming missiles and fire at them, I'll fly 
towards Earth and take out the one that gets through with 
my energy saber, Nagi I want you and Ryoko to take on the 
last cruiser should I not make it."  "Orion! What do you 
mean not make it? You'll live or I'll kill you!"  "Alright 
Kiyone, alright, I'll return to you, I promise."  The 
FireDrake's engines again pushed their limits as he shot by 
the Yagami, Kiyone watched as he passed and then targeted 
the missiles that were beginning to show on her screen, and 
she held her breath as the Yagami and the other three ships 
fired at the four incoming projectiles.  Three flashes of 
light erupted in space, with more force than that of a 
star, and the fourth missile was speeding straight at the 
Drake.  In the last instant the Drake shot port side and 
the missile blew up right next to it.  "Kiyone, I can't 
find any trace of the FireDrake anywhere, I'm sorry."  
Kiyone knew that she had lost another love, but this one 
hurt more than the last.  "Try and hail the Drake," she 
said in a choked tone, the screen showed nothing but 
static, "let's tell the Juri, that Lieutenant commander 
Orion Dragoon died while protecting the crown princess 
Ayeka Juri Masaki. And make our report to HQ."  Crackle, 
fzzt, kssh!  "Kiy. can.re.I'm.periancing.cations failure.  
I repeat: I survived! I made it just for you Kiyone!"  She 
looked as though she were going to burst with joy, and her 
screen saw a dragon like ship burst through the light of 
the explosion, perform a barrel roll and rocket past the 
side of the Yagami heading straight at the last remaining 
member of the Niogira.  Then she watched as a huge energy 
beam hit the cruiser right in the nose, and wasted the 
central super structure and ultimately blew the two engine 
reactors destroying the rest of the ship.

	"Tenchi, I wonder if you would allow me to invite Nagi 
to stay at your home for the next few days?  I'll make sure 
she doesn't try to take Ryoko, I promise."  "Uh, ok Yugo, 
if you promise she won't hurt anyone."  "I promise.  Nagi, 
will you consent to those conditions?"  "Sure I have no 
reason to pursue any of your friends Orion, but why did he 
just call you Yugo?"  "I'll explain later Nagi, right now I 
have to board the Yagami and finish my dinner date with 
Kiyone.  Mihoshi will you board the Ryo-ohki?  Sasami, I 
would like you to board the Ken-ohki, just so you can keep 
Nagi company, why not try and teach Nagi that card game you 
showed me?"  "Ok, is that alright with you Nagi?"  "Uh, ok. 
Orion I'm gonna kill you for this."  "Can you wait to kill 
me until after I'm married?"  For the first time in 
centuries I heard Nagi laugh, and had to chuckle myself.  
"Hey Kiyone how about giving me an air lock to dock with?  
The FireDrake doesn't have any kind of teleportation, or 
auto pilot device."  "You got it Orion, it's good to hear 
your voice."  I allowed myself a smile, and slowed to match 
the Yagami's speed and an airlock extended from a starboard 
hatch.  He hit the umbilical perfectly and the airlock 
sealed and pressurized around the Drake's hatch which 
opened shortly there after allowing a battered and bleeding 
Yugo to step out and greet her.  Kiyone was in her GP 
uniform waiting for Yugo, she realized that he had used a 
hologram to cover up his injuries so he wouldn't worry 
anyone.  He had a soaked headband made from his light grey 
t-shirt, and his nice white button down shirt wadded up on 
an instrument panel.  "Hey, Kiyone you look really good in 
a uniform."  "Oh god your head, are you ok?  You want a new 
bandage?"  "Nope I'll just regenerate the fast way," I 
hopped out of the cockpit and transformed midair landing 
lightly on the airlock floor, "there, I'll be fine in 
seconds."  "Neat trick, you hungry?  I am."  "Ok, I'll cook 
for us, what would you like, just name it."

	"Mmmmm, this is fantastic, you learned this awful 
quick."  "Well, Sasami's a great teacher, she was right 
there on my shoulders the whole time."  "You cooked with 
Sasami on your shoulders?  I'm jealous, what else have you 
done with her?"  "Well when you were out once I bet Tenchi 
that I could do 10,000 pushups with 85 extra pounds on my 
back, Sasami said she weighed 87 so I changed the weight to 
suit her."  "You lost that bet didn't you.? Hmm, I'll bet 
Sasami was having the time of her life on your shoulders 
though."  "Actually I did 100,000 by mistake.  I felt so 
bad for Tenchi that I just called it a gentleman's bet."  
"I'll bet you can't do fifty with me on your shoulders."  
"Oh please Kiyone, your not heavy at all, I could do 50 
thousand with you on my shoulders, you weigh what 120 lbs. 
at most?"  "Ha!  Flattery will get you every where, earlier 
you wanted to ask me something?"  "Yeah, as a matter of 
fact I did," (Oh god here it goes) "Kiyone. will you marry 
me?"  I pulled out the black felt box I had made and opened 
it.  "Oh, Yugo it's beautiful, where did you ever find a 
ring like this?  Of course I'll marry you."  We kissed each 
other and I drank deeply of her sweet taste, as she did 
mine.  "I didn't find that ring in any store," I whispered, 
"I found it buried in my heart."  "I'm going to marry the 
only artist/soldier/poet/sweetheart in the universe, I must 
be really lucky."  "How did you know I was an artist?"  "I 
snuck a peek at your drawing of me and the other stuff in 
your sketch pad."  "I should have known. How did I become 
so lucky?  How did I win the heart of the most beautiful 
angel in the universe?  God Kiyone, you have no idea how 
I've dreamed of this moment." "Shhh, just kiss me you 
fool."  I kissed her again and pulled her closer to my 
kneeling body wrapping my arms around her waist.

	Kiyone's heart was fluttering as he kissed her again, 
and as he drew her closer she held onto his neck more 
tightly so that he couldn't break the kiss.  She realized 
too late that she was throwing off his balance and they 
fell backwards onto the floor still locked in the most 
passionate kiss of either of their lives.  She finally 
broke the kiss, and she panted for air in time with her 
lover.  "Wow, that felt very very right.  Kiyone have I 
ever told you how wonderful you are?"  "Many times, but I 
still can't believe I'm good enough for you." "Don't be 
silly!  If anything your too good for me, you may think 
your past dark, but I've heard most of what you hide," I 
said getting up, and picking Kiyone up as well "but I never 
want you to think your not worthy of me, you are the most 
important thing in the world to me.  You are my world, you 
are better than me, and you are worth ten of me."  For the 
first time she saw Yugo with a tear in his eye, and 
wondered what made him say what he did.  As she looked 
closer she saw the haunted look deep within his eyes, she 
saw the toll all of his fighting had taken on him, and knew 
what it had taken for him to hide his secrets.  "Orion." He 
winced, "what's wrong?  Why are you so tormented?" "I'll 
tell everyone everything back on earth, Kiyone can I call 
the Juri royal family, I have something to tell my parents. 
I want them to know that I'm ok, and want to invite them to 
our wedding."  "Sure, cheer up would ya?"  "Sorry, I know 
I'm spoiling the moment, heh, thanks for being here for me 
Kiyone, I hope to return the favor soon." He said with a 
smile and newly twinkling eyes.

	I had transformed to call my parents, when they 
answered Lord Azusa asked if Ayeka was all right.  "She's 
fine Lord Azusa, I have more news for you, I hope you'll 
forgive me for what I'm about to say. 100,028 years ago I 
called you and reported that Yugo Masaki was dead.  That he 
had died in the Megami wars while protecting me from the 
Niogira. 100,028 years ago I attended a funeral that you 
had for Yugo.  What I told you 100,028 years ago was a lie, 
your son Yugo Juri Masaki, Crown prince of Juri is alive 
and well."  I changed back to my human form, showing my 
parents their war torn and battle scarred son.  "And I am 
going to be married.  I believe that you already know my 
fianc‚e, Kiyone.  I would like to invite you to the 
wedding, and apologize for miss-leading you for 200,000 
years."  Azusa's face was straight and unfeeling, but his 
eyes watered, my mother Funaho was crying.  "Welcome back 
to us son, we're happy to see you again, I want to visit 
the earth and see you, I'll announce my journey to Tenchi."  
"Yes father, it's good to be back.  Mother I'm sorry, I 
love you both very much."  "We'll see you in two days time, 
good-bye son."  "May the Divine one see you safely through 
your journey, and may the divine tribunal forgive me for my 
sins."  I used my own personal salute and hung my head in a 
sorrowful bow.  "They took that well, you see I told you 
they'd understand."  "I guess I should have believed you 
Kiyone, heh, the funny thing is Yosho said the same thing."  
(I can't believe this is happening, I'm so happy I could 
burst, he proposed, and was forgiven by his parents!) 
^Kiyone-yoni I hope that you stay at my side for the rest 
of eternity ^  "What did you just call me?"  "I was just 
thinking that I want you to be at my side for eternity 
Kiyone-yoni."  "Yugo, how did you know to call me Kiyone-
yoni?"  "I fought in the Megami wars remember?  I've been 
wondering why you haven't called me Yugo, or Orion-yon yet. 
Did you think I didn't know megamian protocol?  Well one of 
two parts I guess, I heard the guys talking about when they 
had gotten married, and how their wives had changed their 
sleeping habits. I never paid much attention to the later, 
I figured they were just telling stories."  "You knew about 
the name change, about my culture?  How sweet, I've never 
met anyone who took the time to learn it."  "I love people, 
I welcome any knowledge of other races, and I took the 
opportunity to learn more about yours during the war.  Most 
of the guys were really overflowing with knowledge."  I 
held Kiyone closer to me and kissed her forehead.  "Yugo-
yon, I don't know what my life would be like if you hadn't 
literally burst into it."  "Kiyone-yoni, I'm surprised you 
remember exactly how we first met, I still dream about the 
first time I felt your presence. I love you, and I want you 
to share in my curse."  "What curse?  Why would you want me 
to be cursed?"  "Kiyone-yoni, you miss-understand, I call 
it a curse because up until now I've only dreamed of 
happiness like this, I'm immortal my being half-Divine 
Dragon has given me this gift, and in turn it has cursed 
me. I've had to stand by and watch everyone I've ever cared 
for claimed by death while I've lived on, sure I can be 
killed via the normal methods, gunshot wounds, beheading 
and stuff like that but I can't bleed to death, I can't be 
poisoned, and I can't be suffocated. I just want to know 
this happiness forever.  I'm sorry I shouldn't have asked, 
forget I said anything."

	"No Yugo-yon, I'm flattered, really.  I never expected 
to be propositioned to become immortal."  "I can make it 
happen, but I must become a dragon to do it, and. I have to 
bite you," I said very quietly.  "Hey, why do you have to 
bite me?  Is it something in your saliva or your teeth or 
something?"  "No, it's more like venom, it's produced 
involuntarily on my tongue when I taste blood, I have to 
taste your blood to make it work, I'm sorry I shouldn't 
have said anything, I could never hurt you." I let my voice 
trail.  "No but I could, look I have a small cut on my arm, 
maybe if you lick that you can produce the 'venom' as you 
call it."  "Are you sure you want me to do this?"  "Yes, I 
want to stay with you forever Yugo-yon.Mmph!"  I cut off 
her sentence with a strong passionate kiss that she didn't 
try to break but moved into, and I let myself transform 
successfully breaking the kiss.  I changed for love so 
there was no anger or hatred to control and I was satisfied 
to just hold her in my arms.  I licked her wound and tasted 
her blood, the taste was surprisingly sweet and I licked 
the wound again letting my gift pass to her through the 
wound she had received.  "Ah!  That feels good," she 
purred.  She held on to me more tightly as I changed back, 
"I have granted you immortality Kiyone-yoni, did I ever 
tell you your blood tastes a lot like sugar?"  "What? No, 
is that a good thing?"  "Yes, because it means that you 
really wanted to stay with me for eternity.  How exactly 
did you get cut anyway?"  I asked kissing her wound and 
wrapping what was left of my shirt around it.  "Shock waves 
from the missiles that you were scared shitless of, what 
kind of missiles where those anyway?"  "They're called 
Planet Killers, the name is self explanatory.  Never mind 
the missiles, does it still hurt at all?  If so I think a 
shower will cure all your ills."  I said chuckling and 
smiling slyly.  "Well, come to think of it, it does sting a 
little. maybe you should kiss me some more to take my mind 
off it."  "I'd be delighted to help ease your pain.  Ahop 
Jin sao Kiyone Ni shadda." "What does that mean?"  "I am 
here Kiyone my love. It's the divine language, spoken only 
by the Dragons, they have no word for wife I'm affraid."  
"How would I respond?"  "Ahop Jin Sato Yugo Ni saddo.  It 
means 'I am as well Yugo my husband.'"  "We're not married 
yet." "I know but it's nice to hear you say it."  "Ahop Jin 
Sato Yugo Ni saddo. I love you."  "As do I Kiyone-yoni, as 
do I."

	It was morning when Kiyone awoke in the arms of Yugo, 
everything that happened last night left her satisfied, and 
wanting more.  She felt Yugo stir behind her, "Yugo-yon, 
are you absolutely positive last night was your first time? 
I mean after 200,018 years I'd think that you would have 
done that before.  You were great."  "Mmm, your just saying 
that," I said kissing her lightly, "to make me feel better.  
You were amazing, never in my life did I get so tired out 
before.  It's an honor to wear your pendant, and I'm glad I 
fought off every urge I had till last night."  "Were you 
telling the truth, about what happens when a Dragon passes 
the trials?  I'm still hanging on the edge of disbelief."  
"What? About a dragon's sex drive?  Do you need a repeat 
performance to put your mind at ease or something?"  I said 
jovially, "If you can do that again I'm all for it, you do 
realize that you'll be performing nightly now don't you?"  
"Yup, and I'm more than happy to oblige."  Two hours later 
the Yagami reports it has reached its destination.  "Man, 
just in time.  We still have to shower and get dressed, not 
that I wouldn't mind showing up at the house wrapped in a 
sheet with you."  "You'll have to you don't have any cloths 
on board."  "I'll just throw my stuff into the quick wash 
while we're in the shower." I broke off my sentence to kiss 
Kiyone.  "Sounds like a plan, or I could lone you one of my 
uniforms, I think they'll fit you."  "That would prove 
interesting, but I have a uniform of my own in the 
FireDrake's cockpit."  "Oh really, Ah! Hey don't. Mmmph, 
mmmmm.  Ah! Where are you taking me now?"  "To the showers 
of course, we need to clean ourselves for the rest of the 
family, of which you are now a part of, and I think my 
parents are ahead of schedule."  "Why do you say that?"  
"Look out your porthole.  Try and keep you eyes in your 
skull, and your finger nails out of my shoulders, we aren't 
having sex so I can't divert my attention."  She looked and 
almost fell out of my arms in surprise.  "What?  They got 
here quick, can they see us?"  "I doubt it, c'mon let's 
shower, you need to relax."

	I got my uniform and changed into it, Kiyone almost 
hit the floor when I stepped into her bedroom, but I caught 
her and smiled.  "Hey did I ever tell you that you taste 
like a creamsicle?"  "No, should I be flattered, or 
surprised?"  "Your effecting both perfectly, you are 
beautiful, even in the morning with your hair messed up you 
look better than any super model, or famous singer out 
there."  We rode back to the Masaki home in the FireDrake; 
I landed across the lake from the house just behind the 
apple trees I had planted 7 months ago.  Lord Azusa, my 
mother Funaho, and my step mother_______ were waiting for 
me.  I didn't know about my stepmother's reputation for 
hugging the life out of people and was taken completely by 
surprise,  "Erk!  I. can't. breathe.  Gaaah!"  I was 
finally released from her Iron bear hug and gasped for air.  
"By the Divine dragon she has more strength than the entire 
Niogira military." I said still breathing heavily, I found 
my mother Funaho's hug no less weak.  "Mom.Mom!  I can't 
breath, ease up. I'm not going anywhere!  Fwah!"  Pant 
pant, "jeez when did you guys get so strong?  Dad, please 
say that your not going to hug me too, I don't think I'd 
survive."  "You look great in that uniform son," he said 
putting his hands on my shoulders, "now I think you owe 
your mother and I an explanation as to why you did what you 
did."  "I'll tell you, but I want to say everything to 
everyone at the shrine, might as well get it all out in the 
open at once."

	An hour later Tenchi and Ryoko where hauling Washu up 
to the shrine, Washu trying to fight them the whole way.  
"Hey let me go I have serious work to do I don't have time 
to go to the shrine for god knows what reason!"  "Yugo 
wants to tell us something."  "Huh? Well why didn't you say 
so."  Washu stopped fighting them and ended up dragging 
Tenchi and Ryoko up the last 20 feet of stairs.  "Good it 
seems that everyone is here, does anyone have anything to 
say before I begin, I really don't want to be interrupted, 
Washu your nose is bleeding."  *Sigh* (I'll never live this 
down I've dressed really classy two days in a row and Washu 
lets her hormones run ramped both times.)  "If you're all 
done little Washu I'll begin now."  "Yes Yugo, please tell 
us why you faked your death."  "Well." "That's because he 
thought you'd exile him because of his abilities, you saw 
his transformation last night."  "Thank you Kiyone-yoni, 
I'll start at the beginning.  You see Lord Azusa, you 
aren't my biological father, and I have no father in that 
sense and I was created by the will of the Divine Dragon.  
The Divine one placed my essence into my mother Funaho's 
womb, that's why I was born with these markings, the one on 
my neck means Dragoon, and the one on my hand is the Divine 
seal of knighthood.  I was born a dragon knight, and that's 
why I was always challenging the guards at the palace, and 
that's why I grew the Tenchi-Ka when I was fifteen."  I 
continued to tell my story for hours, I told them of all 
the horrors I had seen in battles, and of my scars, I told 
them everything.  From the beginning of my tale I could 
feel the presence of Tsunami in the surrounding bushes, it 
was only when I finished my story that she came out from 
the bushes, gliding quietly across the flagstones.  "It's 
good to see you again Tsunami," I said bowing.  "You have 
finally told everything to those around you, and now I can 
tell you how much I missed your presence at the castle, I 
remember when you used to come to my base and talk to me.  
You were so open and comfortable there, I was sad when one 
day you never came, and the days turned into weeks, the 
weeks to months, and the months to years.  Hundreds of 
years went by and I felt a presence similar to yours but 
when I looked I saw a battle hardened man standing and 
talking about those past hundreds of years and apologized 
for not saying goodbye to me.  That man was you, you came 
and confided in me once more, you had said good bye this 
time and called me the best friend you ever had.  Yugo 
return to Juri please, I want to hear you talk to me there 
one last time."  "Tsunami, I was planning on being married 
on that spot, you are still the best friend I ever had, and 
I remember everything I used to tell you.  I'll see you 
again tomorrow, I'm taking a much needed vacation to Juri, 
and I'm bringing Kiyone with me."

	"I'll see all of you there, father is my old room 
still in tact?  I'll just have to change a few things 
that's all, if it is."  "Your mother wouldn't let me give 
it to your brother so it's still there, I did give all your 
stuff to Yosho though, not that you'd care much now, and I 
put a new bed in it after I found out you were alive and 
engaged."  "Yeah sure, Mom probably made you do it."  
"You're damn right I did!  See how well my son knows his 
mother even after 200,000 years."  "I'll see you in a 
couple days, Tenchi take good care of my sisters, Nagi 
maybe I'll see you again someday good luck.  Now if you'll 
excuse me I have to get to Juri, I have an old friend 
waiting."




The End



I Think Not!
Stay tuned for the sequel Tenchi Fans

It'll be a gas!


	Preview of next episode: No need for Niogira!

Yugo:  "Next episode Tenchi and the gang find themselves in 
a whole heap of trouble as the Niogira once again rise from 
the darkness of space."
Kiyone:  "And what's this? Tenchi proposes? To who? I never 
would have guessed!"
Tenchi:  "Bad timing as well as a whole lot of laughs are 
just around the corner. Hey! Ryoko stop that!"
Ayeka:  "Leave Lord Tenchi alone you she demon! Aaah!"
Tenchi, Yugo, Kiyone, Sasami, and Washu: "Oro."
