OtakuNXS and affliates present...

Note: The following teaser contains material that may spoil the upcoming fic
for you, but if you have even a passing familarity with the series Tenchi
Muyo: Ryo-Ohki, that's highly unlikely... relax and have a carrot. Those of
you uniterested in being teased, promo'd, prologued, backscened or in fact
do not take kindly to any means of foreshadowing/advertising whatsoever are
best simply heading straight to the fic. BTW Although Pioneer and AIC own
most of these characters, the following versions of the characters are our
ideas alone, except for Seion. He's all mine! Ya here me?! MINE!
mine-mine-mine-mine-mine! Oh, and so is Tetsuya.

 EPISODE 0.5: BISHONEN MUYO: KEN-OHKI!: BEHIND THE SCENES

<ERROR>
<ERROR>
<ERROR>
<ERROR>
<ERROR>
<ERROR>

<Narrator> There is a place where demons dwell, venerable priestesses guard
agaist them, and their grand-daughters unleash said Demons. The place is
Japanese redneck, podunk mountain town.....

    THE BISHONEN MUYO PROJECT PRESENTS

<Young Girl> Grandma, what's down the hole? Past the locked gate... and the
booby traps... and the alarm that says 'protected by Viper, stand back'?

    A Mad, Bad, Bishonen Lad Production...

<Grandmother> A genocidal madman from outer space with delusions of sanity
and enough raw natural power to knock stars out of their orbit.

    Tenchi Muyo........like you've never seen it before.....

<Tenchi> It's a shame, I guess I'll never know who you really were. Heck, I
never even got your name.

    BISHONEN MUYO: KEN-OHKI!

<Kagato> Good night, Tenchi-hime... sweet dreams. I'll most likely kill you
in the morning.

    PART 1: The Concept......

The guy who came up with the Idea: SEION

<Seion> Well, one day in the chatroom, we were just discussing various
ideas for fan fiction. Just off hand, I said "what if Tenchi were a girl
and all the aliens that showed up were men?" Keener (Parrot King) and I
bounced the idea around for a good hour or so until we settled on our cast.

    PART 2: The Cast

Tomo Sakurai as TENCHI MASAKI
 The Heroine.....and she's cute too.

<Tenchi> Tenchi is just your average Japanese high school girl living with
her widowed mother Achika. Tenchi spends every summer with her grandmother
Aeka at the Misaki Shrine in the mountains of Okayama. Now, as you already
know from the legend, there is a cave near the shrine where a legendary
princess fought and imprisoned a powerful demon.

Ryutaro Okiayu as KAGATO
 The demon of the legend......

<Kagato> Imagine it, you're one of the most powerful beings in the universe,
crushing stars like some lunk headed oaf might crumple beer cans against
their forehead. Next thing you know, some figureless treehugger crams a plot
device down your throat, and there you are, taking the ultimate dirt nap...
bored out of your gord, plotting, fumming, schemeing. And then... along
comes this... this... GIRL!

Yumi Takada as AEKA
  Legendary Princess or Figureless Treehugger...?

<Aeka> Grrrrrr... hmmm? I'm on? I play the grandmother in this tale. She has
been filling her grandaughter's head with stories of demons, princesses,
mighty weapons, and things about being a woman ever since she was a child.
By this time, Tenchi has been training as a "shrine madien" for about 10
years - trainin that will help her out in her future encounters.

Masami Kikuchi as YOUSHO
 His Royal Highness.....

<Yousho> My character is very much the roguish prince of Jurai. He spends
his time building ships in bottles and carving rather.....erotic sculptures
of beautifull women. In fact, he has remade his Jurai Guardians into the
shape of young, nubile women. Though what he plans on doing with them, I
haven't the foggiest, I mean the splinters alone... yEesh... Still, he's got
a good idea what his role is in these sorts of affairs, and if dragons he
must slay and sleeping princesses he must kiss, he's all for it. If only he
could find the elusive damsel, it's quite distressing. Oh, and his mother
doesn't seem to like his pre-occupation with the opposite sex, but his
little brother on the other hand....

Mifuyu Hiiragi as Sagami
 His Royal Hentainess.....

<Sagami> (peeping in on Tenchi's dressing room) Oh yeah.....take it off
baby....... (turns to note camera) wha? No, no interview, no comment... and
oh my, no bra! SHAKE it don't break it... ACK! (WHAM, camera goes off to
static)

Sho Hayami as Tetsuya Kuramitsu
 Can you believe they gave him a badge and a gun?

<Tetsuya> I've been in the business for years, but this is my first time
acting. I was a stunt double for Zechs in Gundam Wing, Ken in the Street
Fighter Movie, Terry Bogart in the Fatal Fan Service..I mean, Fatal Fury
series, and Liquid Snake in Metal Gear Solid. So they tell me they have this
character that's gonna be doing alot of pratfalls and wanted me as the stunt
double. But the producers liked my performance so much they offered me the
part, so this is in a sense my first acting job.

Ai Orikasa as RYOKO
 a space pirate......

<Ryouko> That's it? I get pegged as the villian and all I get in this behind
the scenes is as much fanfare as a castaway on Gilligan's island? You guys
are lucky you're paying with sake'... and the contractual agreement of
lemony bliss with the male Tenchi... humph.

Yuri Amano as Achika
 Mommy dearest......

<Achika> As Tenchi's mother, I've got my work cut out for me. Somewhere
between the 14th century views of grandmother Aeka, and the 1970's porno
viewings of my dear sweet departed husband... is a good middle ground for my
daughter. She'll need a little guidence... until she finds her own way of
course.

( Scene from OAV #3)

<Achika> Keep that towel up dear, but stick them out as far as you can.

<Tenchi> What? <blush> What are you talking about.

<Achika> It's important when giving a preshow not to show too much, like a
movie trailor. No need to give away the whole story, just a few glimpses of
T&A and they should be hooked.

<Tenchi> MOTHER! And anyways, they're over there in the men's bath, it's
not like they'll be peeping or anything.

<Achika> Tenchi... Tenchi, Tenchi... we are here at the hot springs, and
there are young verile males over their... it'd be really rude for them NOT
to peek.

 Tetsuya Iwanaga as SEION MAKIBI

<Seion> Basically I play the part of a cop trying to kill his incompetent
partner. Having been a stuntman like my friend, I get hurt in nearly every
production I've been a  part of.

(A few scenes from his past work appears, such as a scene where Jacky Chan
kicks him in the groin, one where he is doing a stunt as Solid Snake's
double and he gets attacked by a dog, one from Gundam Wing where he's
Trowa's stand-in and blasted out of the Vayeate, and two from when he was
Kintaro Oe's stand in and he get's his head stomped in by Madame President
and where he's in "the bike race"... you can just barely make him out as he
dissappears over the mammoth cliff)

God, that stunt agent of ours seems like she's nuts sometimes. I don't know
why I put up with her...

(Mihoshi walks onscreen)

<Mihoshi> Seion! You aren't appearing in this story until the Tetsuya
Special! Now get over to the Tylor set! They need someone for Yuriko to slap
through a door and I said you'd do it!

<Seion> Anything for you, my dear. ^o^

...and of course... Ken-Ohki himself... as played by Tom Jones...
 Intergallactic Planet Smashing Rodent

<Ken-Ohki> Miyah... baby!

 PART 3: The Crew

Keener Barnes: Co-Creator, writer and director

<Parrot King> ...

... ahem...

Danish? I'm pretty sure somebody said there would be cheese danishi galore
here. I think it's in my contract, that with an agreement of lemony bliss
with a female Ryouko...

<Ryouko> HEY!

<Parrot King> ...ohhhh, ah, nevermind... Seion's idea was a good one, one
that I was perfectly willing to let him handle as I've got quite a few
projects on standbye as is. Then somewhere along the way, we discussed not a
simple gender flip, but actually slotting in Kagato and Yousho in the Ryouko
and Aeka roles. Instead of interpreting the girls as boys, we found boys to
play their roles... in their OWN fashion. And that's when it hit me...
Teenaged  Kagato. Six hours later, I had 44k of mismoshed crap, but it was
fun crap. And, after the prereaders took their pound of flesh, I think what
we have is a good story that the readers can enjoy. Honestly, the hardest
part is going to be stepping back and letting the other authors take their
turns.

 THE REST OF THE STAFF SO FAR

Cyraqs K`thardin: Creative Consultant, Writer and Director

War-ohki: Director of Pyrotechnics and H-doujin, Writer and Director

And now, we bring to you a truely Monumental moment in the history of TENCH
MUYO FAN FICTION. A Tale that's bigger than the Superbowl, the World Series,
The Olympics, and Woodstock! The first Episode of BISHONEN MUYO: KEN-OHKI!

(We don't wanna oversell it. Judge for yourself.)
