Disclaimer: I am just trying to be a writer, I don't own the characters or 
anything AIC/Pioneer owns them.  The characters are based on Tenchi Muyo from 
the first OVA.  Also, I haven't read all the fan fics, so I don't know if my 
story is original or not but I really apologize if I stole anyone's plot. 

So what's happened so far?:  Ayeka was attacked and had a near death experience.  
She has pointed to Ryoko as the one who did it.  Ryoko claims she has been 
framed, but no one believes her.  Tenchi doesn't know whether to hate her or 
believe her.  The only one who's on Ryoko's side is Washu right now.

"I'm not bulletproof.  I have feelings too"- A friend who said that.  For some 
reason, I found it interesting and wanted to share it with you all, even though 
you might not understand what the heck the guy is talking about. =)


Bitter-Sweet Revenge: Part 2
Chapter 3: A Good Heart and a Great Mind
By Ace Conners

	Sasami climbed the ladder up to the rafters.  Amazingly, she had managed 
to bring a tray up without spilling everything on it.  She could see Ryoko 
looking up at the sky.  Slowly and carefully, she carried the tray over to 
Ryoko.
Ryoko looked at her in surprise, but turned away.
	"Leave me alone."
	"But Ryoko, aren't we friends?"  Sasami asked, her face full of innocence.  
Ryoko wouldn't face the small girl.  "I brought you something to eat.  You 
haven't eaten in two days, you'll get sick, Ryoko."
	"Don't you hate me?  Don't you think I tried to hurt your sister? Like 
everyone else does?"  Ryoko finally asked.  Sasami fiddled with the laces of her 
dress for a moment trying to decide what to say.  Ryoko was a good friend of 
hers, but Ayeka was her sister.
	"I don't know."  Sasami replied softly.  "Even though you try to act 
tough, I know you're a really good person, Ryoko.  You wouldn't hurt Ayeka, even 
if she made you really mad.  But my sister doesn't lie."  Ryoko smiled slightly.  
"I'm not mad at you.  I just want everything to be like it was before.  I just 
want everyone to stop hating each other!"  Sasami's eyes were teary.
	"You're such a small girl."  Ryoko commented as she fianlly took a bowl of 
food just to please Sasami.  "But you have more heart than all of us put 
together.  Don't ever change, 'cause you are far better that the rest of us."  
Sasami smiled and blushed a bit.
	"Ayeka's doing well now.  Washu is really the greatest.  Ayeka was almost 
dead when she came into Washu's lab, but after a day, Ayeka is walking again, 
almost as good as new."  Sasami informed Ryoko.  The young princess looked at 
Ryoko to see the demon cringe a bit upon hearing Ayeka's name being said.

	Washu typed on the keyboard looking at the data in front of her.  
Everything seemed normal.  There was no disruption in the time and space 
continuum.  Nothing at all.    Nothing seemed suspicious except for a ship 
floating out near the earth.  It looked like one of the Galaxy Police's ships, 
but why would there be one just floating around Earth?  Washu linked her 
computer to the ship's.  It was cataloged as one of the GP's.  She couldn't get 
any other information from it.  Unsatisfied, Washu confronted the people in the 
ship.
Washu's image suddenly appeared on the ship's screen.
	"Hi!"  She greeted mischievously.  A man's face greeted Washu back.
	"I'm here under orders from the Emperor.  There's been a little trouble on 
Jurai.  The Emperor has assigned an extra GP ship to watch over the crowned 
princess, we didn't think Detective Mihoshi would be capable of protecting the 
Princess of Jurai."  The man answered an anticipated question, his face grim and 
serious. 
	"Oh is that so?"  Interrogated the red head. <Well, his story seems to 
flow smoothly> she reasoned.
	"May I ask who you are?" the man asked Washu.  She shook her head waved a 
finger at him.
	"It seems more appropriate for me to be asking you that.  Let me see some 
ID.  Or should I just hack into the GP headquarter to find out myself?"  He 
looked at her suspiciously and thought for a moment.
	"I'm first-class officer Kuro Isako."  He told her with a salute.  She 
raised an eyebrow.
	"I can show you my badge and papers of the emperor's order if you want."  
He suggested.
	"No, thank you.  Chao!"  And she was gone from the screen as quick as she 
had appeared.  The man frowned.  <Little brat.>  He thought.  <Whom does she 
think she is to meddle with me?>

	Washu looked at the information from the GP database she had hacked into.  
<I knew he was no GP.  Who does he think he is to meddle with the universe's 
greatest genius?   So you're not with the GP.  What are you up to? And who are 
you?>  
She typed some more, going through the criminal records.  <Let's see. Kuro 
Isako: 2nd class criminal, in prison for being an accomplice.  That's all they 
have on this guy?  Humph, that was a lot of information.>  She thought 
sarcastically.
	"The man on the ship looked like Kuro.  But the man spoke much more 
intelligent than that fool in this picture.  But of course, he can't be that 
smart if he can't make up a name and uses some name of a criminal."  She 
analyzed.  <If he was able to look like an identical clone, then he might be 
either one of two things, an identical twin, or...> "A shape shifter?...maybe"  
Washu said amusedly.  "Well, now that's something you don't see everyday.  
Hmm...Looks like it'll be harder to find this guy than I thought."  She said  to 
herself.  <I'm betting my money that this guy is up to something not good.  I 
have a feeling that he has something to do with the Ayeka incident.>
	Remembering what the man said about Jurai being under some kind of 
trouble, Washu did a quick investigation and checked out the news of Jurai.  
	Taking a sip of tea, Washu sat down thinking.  She called Mihoshi in.  
Mihoshi walked in trying to be careful not to ruin any of Washu's inventions, of 
course, being unsuccessful.
	"You asked for me,  Washu?"
	"I want to you find a man named Kuro Isako.  He's in the GP prison. I have 
a few questions I'd like you to ask him"  Washu told her.  Mihoshi gave an 
alarmed look.
	"You want me to go talk to a criminal?  What if he kills me?"  She asked.  
"It's too dangerous, Washu! I'm to young to die!"
	"Come on!"  Washu snapped at her.  "Aren't you supposed to be a Galaxy 
Police officer!?  You'll be surrounded by other police officers!  You'll be 
safe!  Don't you want to help Ayeka and Ryoko?  You're a first class detective!"
	"Help Ryoko? Yes...  You're right, Washu.  I am a Galaxy Police officer.  
Sworn to protect the innocent and deliver justice." Mihoshi said, gaining some 
bravery.  While Mihoshi sat there freaking out, Washu began briefing Mihoshi her 
mission.

	It was dinnertime and Sasami sat at the table with all the food set out.  
"Where is everyone?"  She asked Ryo-Ohki.  
	Nobuyuki called, saying he'd be working late tonight.  Washu was too busy 
with her inventions to eat.  But Sasami always made sure Washu ate enough to 
keep her health.  She'd bring food for Washu later.  "Where's Mihoshi?"  She 
wondered.  Usually, Mihoshi wouldn't miss her meals. .... And what about Ryoko?  
Sasami heaved a sigh.  
	"Myia?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.

	Lying on his bed, Tenchi stared up at the ceiling, his hands beneath his 
head.  He had done a lot of thinking within the last two days. There had been 
bloodshed in his house.  Not only that, but it was between two of the people who 
he had cared much about.  He had always thought Ayeka could have taken care of 
herself with her powers.  He had underestimated Ryoko, who had had much more 
experience.  <But Ryoko said she didn't do anything. She tried to talk to me, 
and I yelled at her.> he thought, frowning at himself, feeling guilty for 
thinking so bad about her.  <Don't you believe her?> A voice in his head nagged 
at him.  He gave a sigh.  Ryoko was so unpredictable sometimes, it was hard to 
tell what she was capable of.  <But she wouldn't hurt anyone close to me.  She's 
not like that, is she?> he reasoned with himself.  <I really don't know anything 
about her.  I don't know her at all.> He concluded, hating himself, feeling even 
more guilty.  She had lived with him for more than a year, and he had to admit, 
he still knew nothing.   After all they had been through, all their adventures.  
She had tried to open herself to him so many times and he had always avoided 
her.  Giving another burdened  sigh, his thoughts traveled back to Ayeka.  She 
was the gentle type of person.  Who was usually peaceful and quiet... unless 
Ryoko was around.  He could've slapped himself for letting the princess get 
hurt.  She was a guest in his house and he had allowed her to be injured.

	Washu was at her computer working on the ship problem when Ayeka entered 
the lab.
	"I wanted to thank you Washu, for helping me."  Ayeka acknowledged with a 
slight bow.  Washu eyed Ayeka.  "I understand your predicament.  It must be hard 
to either believe your daughter or I.  And you have helped me  a great deal, 
saving my life.  Saving your daughters'... enemy must be hard."  
	"Ryoko did not lie." Washu replied with a simple shrug.  "She didn't do 
anything to you."
	"Are you implying that I am lying?"  Ayeka asked, her voice rising, a bit 
offended.
	"No, I simply meant Ryoko wasn't the one who hurt you."  Washu corrected.  
"But from what I know, you were a bit over the line, insulting her before she 
supposedly tried to assainate you.  I think you owe her an apology more than she 
owes you."  Ayeka gave a bewildered look.  She hadn't actually thought of 
apologizing to that demon.  The one who put her through all this pain? 
	<I suppose I did start the fight.  But did I deserve this?>  Ayeka had 
thought about it for hours, re-running everything in her mind again and again.  
Thinking about all the horrible things she had said to Ryoko, and actually 
seeing her burst into real tears.  Ayeka suddenly felt incredible guilt and 
shame.  <Washu is correct as always.  I had acted far worse than Ryoko had.  I 
admit, I have stooped lower than she has. But did that justify what Ryoko did to 
me?>  Ayeka shook her head.  <No! I cannot apologize to that demon.  Perhaps if 
she hadn't tried to kill me.  But we are even now.  She has had her revenge on 
me.  I owe her no apology." Ayeka ignored anymore thoughts about apologizing to 
Ryoko.  She could not disregard her own honor and pride to apologize to her 
mortal enemy.  Ayeka turned to leave the lab.
	"Oh, by the way, I thought it would be important to tell you." Washu 
informed.  "You must be cautious and protect yourself, Ayeka.  Intergalatic news 
says that members from the Ryoal court are being targeted for assassination.  
Two have already been knocked off.  You must be careful and not let your guard 
down." Washu looked back at her computer, figuring it was better if she didn't 
tell Ayeka about the GP imposter.
	Ayeka exited the lab silently.  She went back to her bedroom where it was 
quiet and she could think about more important things.  What was happening on 
Jurai?  She worried about how her mother and father were doing.  Members of the 
court were being murdered?  Perhaps it was a good idea to be with her family 
during this time of trouble.  <Don't be silly.> She reasoned. <Mother and Father 
are perfectly capable of protecting themelves.>

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Bitter-Sweet Revenge: Part 2
Chapter 4: Decisions

	A few hours after Sasami left, Ryoko finally came down from the rafters.  
She was determined to finally confront Ayeka, to see what the princess was up 
to.

	The princess was sitting comfortably on the couch watching a soap opera 
with Washu, and Sasami when Ryoko suddenly phased in.
	"Ryoko! You've finally decided to come down there!  Come on! sit down and 
watch the show with us!"  Sasami greeted, all smiles.  She was happy to see her 
friend be able to move around again.  Washu on the other hand gave a concerned 
and worried look.  Ayeka ingnored the interruption and continued watching the 
show, pretending that Ryoko was not there.
	"I see you've recovered a lot."  Ryoko commented, her voice was solemn.  
Ayeka flinched a bit and nodded.
	"Yes, it is such a wonder that I have healed so incredibly quickly.  Washu 
is indeed the greatest.  In two days, I am almost completely back to normal."  
Ayeka answer cooly.
	"I don't know whether to think if that's a good thing or bad."  The pirate 
said in a sarcastic tone.  The princess frowned a bit and tried to keep her 
composure, trying to prevent another accident like last time.
	"Ryoko~! Come on! Let's just watch the show!" Sasmi shouted, feeling the 
tension.
	"Well?"  Ryoko asked Ayeka.  Ryoko's face was incredibly serious, and if 
looks could kill, Ayeka would have died hundreds of times already.
	"Well what?"  Replied Ayeka in a confused manner. <Is she expecting an 
apology?> Ayeka wondered <No, I have already said I would not.  Besides, it 
wasn't my fault anyway>
	"Don't play games with me!"  Ryoko finally burst.  "Of all the things! I 
can't believe you'd do such a thing!"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "I have no clue what you are talking about, Ryoko."
	"How dare you!  How could you tell Eveyone such a lie! How could you tell 
Tenchi that I pushed you!  You Bitch!  I didn't think you had it in you!  How 
could you?!"  Ryoko was practically screaming now.  Ayeka's eyes flashed to meet 
with Ryoko's.
	"I, the crowned princess of Jurai, tell such a lie?  How dare you blame me 
for your own faults!  After what you have done to me! You dare come and accuse 
me like this?!"  Her face began to flush red as the blood boiled inside her.  
"You tried to KILL me and then you say I'm lying?!  You've got to come up with a 
better way of covering up your mess than that.  You've disgraced yourself, 
Ryoko.  But afterall, you are just a low criminal."
	Sasami could feel the tension grow worse and knew it would be soon that it 
burst and all hell would break loose.  This time, they'd fight.  They'd actually 
fight, not just the regular bickering, this time, they'd try to kill each other.  
Sasami hid behind the couch with Washu.
	"Washu! Do something!  They're going to KILL each other."  she pleaded to 
the scientist.  Washu nodded and stood up from the couch.  Clearing her throat, 
she was about to speak, but Ryoko interuppted.
	"Stay out of this, Washu!"  Ryoko advised.  
	"Ryoko.  This is a bad idea.  Maybe you should talk it out."
	"I said stay out of this!  Now leave us alone or are you going to be on 
Ayeka's side?"
	"Yes, Miss Washu.  It would be safer if you stayed out of this."  Washu 
shook her head disappointedly.
	The girls turned their attention back to one another.
	"So, the slut it trying to get Tenchi with this stunt, huh?"  Ryoko 
questioned.  Ayeka glared.
	"I didn't do anything.  It is you, Ryoko, who have done wrong.  I told 
you: You'd go to far.  I told you, Tenchi would throw you back in the cave if 
you went to far.  and you did, now you'll suffer the consequences, demon!"  
Ayeka.
	"Enough talking!"  Ryoko screamed.  She formed a ball of energy in her 
hands and casted it at Ayeka.  Ayeka smirked as the ball disapated effortlessly 
as it hit her shield.  They began battling, creating a warzone.

	Hearing all the screaming, shouts, and explosions, Tenchi rushed out of 
his room to see what all the commotion was all about, and ran downstairs to see 
the two girls facing off with each other.
	"You ain't seen nothing yet!"  Ryoko warned, as she bounced back away 
Ayeka.  Ryoko let her sword disappear.  Her muscles tensed tightly as she 
gathered all her energy.  Her breath was ragged as sweat dripped down from her 
forhead.  She had recieved several injuries from the princess, but the princess 
had also been injured by her.  
	"Hey! You two stop it!"  Tenchi shouted.  He ran in and stood between 
them.  Ryoko paused and made a growling noise inside her throat.
	"Tenchi, get out of the way."  She advised him, but he shook his head and 
stood his place.  Ayeka took a step closer to Tenchi. Because she didn't have as 
much experince in fighting as Ryoko, she was slightly more injured and walked 
with a slight limp.
	"Tenchi, you have to do something.  I have told you.  She cannot be 
trusted.  She tried to kill me, now she's trying to kill me again!"  Ayeka 
begged.  There was silence.  Ryoko's face contorted with rage.
	"You lying --!"  She rushed at Ayeka.
	"No! Don't hurt my sister!!"  Sasami cried out.  The girl leapt from her 
hiding place behind the couch and over throwing her body in front of Ayeka just 
as Ryoko pushed Tenchi aside and was about to backhand the princess.  

	There was a sudden slience as they all stood in shock.  Sasami stumbled 
back but stood up.  Her hand touch the deep red mark of Ryoko's slap on her 
face.  It was a warm stinging sensation on her cheek as she bit back the urge to 
cry.  Ryoko was the most shocked.  She looked at her own hand in disbelief.  
Finally the silence broke when Tenchi came over to Sasami and Ayeka's side to 
see if they were all right.  Ashamed, Ryoko turned so that her back faced them.  
Tenchi .
	"Tenchi. Sasami.  I'm sorry."  She murmured.  They all look at her before 
she teleported away quickly.
	"Ryoko, wait." Tenchi started to go after her but was stopped when Ayeka 
held onto his arm.
	"I think the woman would rather be alone right now.  Besides, she is 
nothing but a trouble maker.  I-"  She paused and looked at Sasami.  "We need 
you right now."  Tenchi looked hesitant, but nodded.

	The rest of the evening, Tenchi and Sasami helped tend to the needs of 
Ayeka's new wounds.  Before he could get rest, he decided to talk to Ryoko, but 
Washu stopped him.
	"Let me handle this, Tenchi."  She suggested.  "Let me talk to her."  
Tenchi didn't know whether that was a good thing or not.
	"But I wouldn't feel right.  She was really hurt.  There's been a lot 
going on lately.  You remember the last time.  It made me feel really guilty.  I 
haven't really talked to her.  I scolded her.  Now this happens.  I have to go 
talk to Ryoko.  She needs somebody to be with her."  Tenchi explained.
	"You go get some rest.  Everything will be all right.  Don't worry.  
Afterall, I'm her mother." The scientist insisted.  She stopped him before he 
could make a protest.  There was no getting past Washu.  Tenchi gave a sigh of 
defeat and retreated to his room.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Bitter-Sweet Revenge: part 2
Chapter 5:  Awakening

	Tenchi had a restless slumber.  He was dreaming.  Remebering things almost 
impossible to remeber.  He remembered when the first time he felt a presence.  
It was warm, almost like a protective sheild, not letting anything harm him.  He 
was just a little baby with his mother.  Ever since he was a child, he had that 
aura of assurance surrounding him, especially strong when he was near the cave.  
When he was a child he couldn't see her, but he felt someone watching him.  But 
in this dream he finally did.  He saw her, Ryoko.  He saw her smile as he ran 
about in front of the cave chasing butterflies, or camp out roasting sweet 
potatoes.  And then he saw her sadness when he was crying on the stone steps of 
the cave.  She had tried to comfort him, practically crying along with him.  He 
had thought he had been all alone when he was a child, but Ryoko was there for 
him.  Why was all this coming to him? Why was he remembering all this now?
	He woke up with start, hundreds of thoughts running through his mind.  
Realizing how much Ryoko cared for him.  Now feeling guilty for even thinking of 
her as a moster trying to kill Ayeka.  When he woke up, he realized that it was 
Ryoko who had unconsciously put that auora around him.  She had wanted to be 
with him so badly, but all she could manage was that sheild of comfort.  He 
shivered even though it wasn't cold.  He couldn't feel the aoura any longer, or 
at least, it had grown weaker.  Something was wrong.  <I shouldn't have let 
Washu convince me to let her talk to Ryoko.  I should have talked to her 
myself.>  Tenchi crept out of his room and looked around the house for Ryoko.  
He wanted to talk to her.  There were things he needed to know, to understand.  
Ryoko wasn't anywhere inside, so he tried the rafters and there was nothing.  He 
began to panic.  What had happened to her?!  He ran everywhere looking for her, 
but she was no where.  He finally tried his last resource, he ran to the cave.
	When he was inside, his skin crawled.  It was dark, deathly silent, and 
cold.  The place reeked of loneliness, sadness, and despair.  It was no wonder 
that Ryoko hated it, especially after being trapped in it for five hundred 
years.  
	Washu was sitting outside when Tenchi came out from the cave.
	"You won't find her, Tenchi."  She told him.  She looked at him and half 
smiled, but it was a sad one.  He gave a confused look.  "She left, Tenchi.  
Ryoko's gone."

	Author's note: Why did Ryoko leave?  Will she come back? What will 
everyone's reaction to this be? Does this mean Ayeka will get Tenchi?  Well, 
sorry for the delay in the the story... like half a year delay huh? How's my 
writing? Any critiques? comments are always welcomed, actually, begged for.  Go 
ahead, tell me if my story sucks, that'll give me inspiration to improve it... 
of course make it a private reply, hehe.  Thanks to those who helped me in the 
first part of the story, and thanks for your comments!  And thanks for reading 
my story!!  And sorry for taking so long for this chapter!

Ace
September 1999
