Disclaimer: I am just trying to be a writer, I don't own the characters
or anything. AIC/Pioneer owns them.  Also, I haven't read all the fan fics,
so
I don't know if my story is original or not but I really apologize if I
stole anyone's plot.

                Sonnet 116
Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alterations finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
O no!  It is an ever-fixed mark
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come:
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom
        If this be error and upon me proved,
        I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
                        -William Shakespeare
(If you're really good at poems, you'll understand the meaning of
this and have the "awww, how sweet" effect)

Bitter-Sweet Revenge: Part1
Chapter 1: The Beginning of Many Surprises
        By Ace Conners

"My Tenchi will never do that to me!" She cried as a tear rolled down a
cheek. Ryoko felt a snap inside of her, the fire of rage.  Quicker than
lightning, Ryoko's hand grasped around Ayeka's throat and the princess felt
herself being lifted from the floor.
        "Let me go!"  the princess pleaded.
        "Shut up!"  screamed the demon, who was confused with mixed feelings
of fury and sadness. "I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!"
        "Are you truly a murderer?  After destroying so many of my people,
you
would kill just one more?" Ayeka managed to say as she began to gag.
Ayeka's body trembled, knowing she was at the mercy of Ryoko.  With Ryoko in
this state, fighting her would be foolish.  Somehow, Ryoko listened to Ayeka
through all the hate that burned within.  Ryoko flung Ayeka aside cursing.
With a blink of an eye, Ryoko had teleported out of the room.
        Standing in a wobbly manner, the princess began to panic as she
gasped for air.  She had never seen Ryoko break down and cry just because of
a few words! No..... they weren't just words, they were daggers that had
plunged into the pirate's heart.  Ryoko wasn't bulletproof, she had feelings
too!  What would Tenchi say if he found out what Ayeka had done to Ryoko?
Ayeka suddenly felt incredibly ashamed.  What kind of princess was she? She
had acted foolishly.  If she was unable to control herself, how would she
command so many Jurians?
        All at once, Ayeka felt a small burst of wind of someone who had
transported behind her.  She turned around to see the too familiar cyan hair
and flashing gold eyes. Ayeka was to surprised to react and at that moment
and stared back into the cat-like eyes.  Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain
running into her body as the person stabbed her through her gut.  She gave
out small cry as the person turned the blade around inside of her and
finally pulled out.  Ayeka felt herself being shoved through the window and
she gave out a scream as she fell from the second floor all the way down to
the ground.

        The sound of glass breaking and a scream brought Tenchi and the rest
of the group rushing to where Ayeka lay.  Tenchi gave a gasp of terror as
Ayeka came into view.  Ayeka lay on the shattered glass, a pool of blood
surround her.  She had hit the floor head first, leaving her almost
unconscious.  Tenchi held her in his arms as grandfather quickly examined
what had happened.  Sasami's face turned pale and she buried her face
against Mihoshi, trying not to cry.  Mihoshi, on the other hand, began
crying, mumbling something about a funeral.
        "Mihoshi, get Sasami out of here.  You two can't handle this."
Katsuhito ordered her.
        "Oh god! Ayeka! What happened??!!??" Tenchi asked, his face
grief-stricken as he gently picked her up.  Her blood began to flood over
his clothes in great quantities.
        "Quickly, Tenchi!" Katsuhito told him.  "We must get her to Washu's
lab."

        Unaware of anything that had happened, Ryoko was sitting
by the tree Funaho in deep thought.  Hearing all the cries and shouts, she
transported back to Tenchi's room, not wanting to be so near Ayeka, and
looked out.  Ayeka looked half-dead in Tenchi's arms, her Jurian clothes
doused in blood.  She looked around to see what could have happened in
Tenchi's room that had done this to Ayeka, but there was nothing out of the
ordinary. Tenchi looked up to see Ryoko looking back at them from his room
and he frowned in suspicion.  When she saw Tenchi's look, Ryoko had an
uneasy feeling and backed away from the window.  At that moment, Ayeka
slowly opened her eyes and murmured something to Tenchi.
        "What is it? What are you trying to say, Ayeka??" Tenchi asked.  She
finally managed to sputter, a bit of blood dribbling down her chin,
"Ryoko...Ryoko pushed me. She pushed me out the window...." and she fell
into unconsciousness.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Bitter-Sweet Revenge: Part1
Chapter 2: Believe?

        Tenchi stood beside Ayeka's side as she lay on the bed with a
machine
giving her artificial respiration.  <How could Ryoko do such a thing?>
Tenchi angrily thought to himself.
        At first, the scientist's eyes opened wide in surprise as everyone
rushed
into her lab with Tenchi carrying a very injured and bloody Ayeka. She was
even more surprised when Lord Katsuhito explained that everyone suspected of
Ryoko doing this to her, but she remain calm. Washu had worked for a couple
hours, mending Ayeka's wounds. She had just told everyone that the pipe had
nearly missed Ayeka's heart. The scientist had done all she could.  Washu
was the greatest scientist in the universe, but she wasn't God.  The rest
depended on Ayeka alone.  She was on the verge of surviving or dying. The
only way to tell if she would live was if she could survive for next 24
hours.  Everyone worried.  Was Ryoko really trying to kill Ayeka? What was
going to happen to Ryoko?  No one had seen her after Ayeka was rushed to
Washu's lab and no one went to look for her.  Not even Tenchi.

        Ryoko was walking somewhere in the woods with a bottle of sake in
one hand.
  No one had spoken to her and they had all given her a look of repulsion as
they passed by her while carrying Ayeka away.  It didn't take long for her
to figure it out.  They all thought she had pushed Ayeka through Tenchi's
window.  Ryoko had no defense besides her own words, but , of course, it
would be hard for anyone to believe her.  She had no proof, no alibi.
        How would she convince them it wasn't true? How could Ayeka tell
them that
lie?! Ayeka wouldn't throw her self out the window, she wasn't like that, so
who did? Everything was happening so quickly.
        She had to tell Tenchi the truth first.  She didn't care if everyone
else
hated her, but she needed Tenchi to believe her first of all.  If Tenchi
believed her, then everyone else would, and everything would be ok.

        Tenchi stayed beside Ayeka and held her hand.  "I'm sorry
this happened to you." He apologized to her unconscious body.
His head was full with so many thoughts at the same time.  What was he going
to have to do about Ryoko? This time she had gone too far.  Something had to
be done.
        Just then, Tenchi sensed Ryoko's presence as soon as she teleported
in.
Tenchi's back faced her as she walked to him softly.
        "Tenchi, I need to talk to you."  She told him.  Her hand touched
his
shoulder.  He cringed and shrugged it off.  Surprised, Ryoko backed away.
This was the first time Tenchi had shown deep hostility to her.
        "There's nothing to talk about, Ryoko.  I just need time to think."
        "You think I tried to kill her, don't you? But Tenchi! I wouldn't do
such a
thing to her!  You know I don't like Ayeka, but I don't hate her so much as
to try and kill her!" she cried out to him, grabbing onto his arm.  He
pulled it free and finally looked at her.  She saw him glare in
disappointment and frustration.
        "Ryoko, how could you say you didn't do it?  Look at her!" Tenchi
said,
pointing to Ayeka.   "Ayeka said you did.  Do you think she would just stab
herself and jump through the window?  And when I looked up, I saw you up
there. With what I saw and what Ayeka SAID, it's all the proof.  She is the
main witness.  She wouldn't lie about something like this.  If you didn't,
who did?!?"  He asked her.
        He turned back to Ayeka, holding her hand.  When Ryoko saw this, a
hard
lump forced it's way into her throat.  The pressure in her chest made it
hurt to breathe.  But she tried to take a deep breath and began talking
again.
        "Tenchi! Don't you know me by now?? Tenchi!" she pleaded.  "I would
never
do anything to hurt you!  I would never hurt her because I know it would
hurt you!"
        "Ryoko.... I need some time.  I just don't know what to do with
you."
        "Tenchi!! I didn't do it!! I can't explain it, but I didn't hurt
Ayeka!  I
didn't hurt her! I don't know who did, but it wasn't ME!"
        "Just leave me alone, ok?!" he lashed out.
        Ryoko's eye's widened in surprise.  She shook her head in disbelief.
Tenchi didn't believe her?  It was unbelievable.  Of all the people, it was
Tenchi who would have given her a little slack, but even he didn't believe
her.  Sadly, she faded out to give him space.
        After witnessing the drama, Washu stepped out in from within shadows
and
looked at Tenchi and then at the spot where Ryoko had disappeared, then
headed to where she knew Ryoko would be.

        Meanwhile, on the ship hovering above the Earth's
atmosphere, a mysterious man watched through his screen.  It had a close up
view of Tenchi's house. Surprisingly, he was able to see into
Washu's lab. He had seen Tenchi and Ryoko argue and he smiled
slyly.
        "Are we having fun yet, Ryoko? Just wait, Ryoko.  I have a
lot more surprises for you."

        Washu could hear crying up on the rafters and knew it was her
daughter.  It
was the only place where she let out her emotions.  It was her own private
place.  Ryoko was crying her heart out when she felt a hand touch her
shoulder in comfort.  She looked up to see her mother, Washu.  Ryoko turned
away and continued crying.  Washu could read Ryoko's "no one believes me"
thoughts.
        Using the mind-link, she re-ran what Ryoko had experienced and knew
the
truth.
        "I know you didn't do it, daughter.  I'm on your side.  Why don't
you tell
Tenchi what happened?"  Washu voiced to Ryoko's mind.
        Ryoko shook her head.  "It's no use.  You saw it yourself.  He
wouldn't
even give me a chance.  He doesn't even want to listen.  He doesn't care
about me.... he never did." she told Washu, dejectedly.
        Washu caressed her daughter's hair.  "I can talk to Tenchi. I'm the
greatest scientist in the universe.  I can prove anything." She suggested.
Ryoko looked at her mother for a moment, but shook her head again sadly.
        "No.  This is beyond just proving who tried to hurt Ayeka.  If
Tenchi
actually cared for me, he would have listened to me in the first place, but
you saw how he was.  He didn't even want to look at me! He hates me!..." and
she started crying over again.
        "Don't be senseless, you know he doesn't, Ryoko... he's just
confused.
There's so much he has going on in his mind.  Give him time.  He has to sort
everything out.  He'll realize what a fool he's been.  He'll know the truth
about who tried harming Ayeka.  The Truth will prevail." Washu comforted.
        Ryoko was heaving great sobs.  Washu took Ryoko into her arms,
letting her
daughter cry on her shoulder.  She caressed Ryoko's hair, trying to sooth
her.  "Ryoko, are you sure you don't want me to do anything? Not even a
little boost?"  Ryoko sniffled and very slightly smiled.
        "No.... He has to do this on his own.  If he loves me... or even
cares
about me, he should really know me, and know the truth. And Ayeka will tell
him the truth if she really is a person with honor."  Ryoko replied.  There
was a long silence as Washu sat beside Ryoko holding her hand to calm her.
        Ryoko shifted after a while.  "Thanks for being here with me...
mother."
She told Washu, who smiled.  They sat there on the roof looking at the stars
together, experiencing one of the very few moments when they were actually
in sync with each other's feelings and thoughts.

        It was late at night when Washu entered into her lab.  She left
Ryoko, who
had refused to come down from the rafters, asleep.  In the lab, it was
almost silent, save for the machines that were supporting Ayeka.  Tenchi
slept on a chair beside Ayeka.  She nodded in relief as she read Ayeka's
status report.  It was good news.
        Washu's mind was bustling with many thoughts and questions.  The
main
question that held in Washu's mind was about Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ryoko was not
the guilty one, who was it?  And why did it look like Ryoko?  Even Washu
knew that the princess would not injure herself or lie about this, so it was
someone who pushed her out... but who? Another clone?  Washu shook her head,
that card had already been played.  She went to her universal computer and
began her search for anything irregular that had happened since yesterday.

        In the morning, Tenchi woke up to see Ayeka still on the bed.  Washu
stood
beside him.
        "How is she?" he asked.
        Washu nodded, "She'll live."
        Tenchi gave out a sigh of relief.  They stayed there for a minute
thinking
their own thoughts.
        "You don't think Ryoko did this to Ayeka, do you?" Washu finally
asked.
        Tenchi frowned.  "I don't want to talk about it."
        "Do you?"
        "I said I don't want to talk about it."
        Washu looked at Tenchi, who avoided her stare.  Being uncomfortable
in the
position Washu was putting him in, he finally stated,
        "There's so much proof that she did.  I know you're just being a
protective
mother.  But there are so much evidence and they all lead to Ryoko.  So what
else can I say?  You're a scientist; you can put two and two together.  And
what do you get?  Wouldn't you say Ryoko did it?"
        Washu thought for a moment and gave a sigh.  "... Sometimes, you
don't need
facts and clues to prove anything.  Sometimes all you have to do is look
into your heart and what you believe, and you'll find the truth, Tenchi.  It
doesn't take a scientist to figure that out." And with that, the genius left
shaking her head, leaving Tenchi to think.  The quote hit him hard and he
sat on the chair thinking for minutes, till half an hour passed, then an
hour.  Suddenly, Ayeka stirred and her eyes fluttered open.
        "Lord Tenchi..." she called softly with a smile.  Surprised, Tenchi
broke
from his chain of thought.  He rushed out and called for everyone to come.
        After rushing back to the lab, he turned his attention back to her.
"How
are you feeling?"  She smiled and noticed his hand holding onto hers and
began to blush.
        "I'm a bit exhausted and a little pained, but I will live, Lord
Tenchi,"
She said lightly.
        "Ayeka, I was- ... We were all worried for you! We all thought we
were
going to lose you!" Tenchi told her.  Hearing Tenchi worrying so much about
her and his grip tightened on her hands made Ayeka's heart flutter with joy.
  <Tenchi really does care for me! >  She thought to herself, feeling
incredibly elated.
        Tenchi began re-telling her what had happen after she fell.  How she
bled
so much, how she almost died, the pipe going through her chest, but he
avoided saying much about Ryoko.  She listened widening her eyes once in a
while in uneasiness while he told her.
        "I want to thank you, Lord Tenchi, for being with me in my greatest
hour of
need." Ayeka said to him and he slightly blushed.  She looked up into his
eyes and it was almost as if a surge of electricity went through her.  His
brown eyes were kind and smiling at her, reinvigorating her and she felt
very much alive.
        To Ayeka's disappointment, their moment was interrupted when
everyone else
rushed into room.  Everyone was relieved to see Ayeka well and on the road
to recovery.  All through the night, Sasami was restless in bed, fearing the
loss of her sister.  All her life, Ayeka and Sasami had been the strong
support for each other.  Sasami was the most relieved to see her sister.
Almost bursting into tears, she ran to her sister and embraced her.

        So, what do you think? This was my first attempt to write a fan fic,
so
it's probably not one of the best things you've read, but hey, I'll get
better sooner or later.
Please e-mail me at AceConners@hotmail.com and give me some comments so I
can improve! Thanks for reading my story, I'll try to write the next
chapter.

Ace Conners