Disclaimer:  Tenchi Masaki and the Tenchi Universe belong to Pioneer.  As I
have pointed out several times, Ronin is my creation.  He was born from my
creative genius.  I am the creator.  I AM GOD!!!!  Hehehe.just kidding.
Enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 4: A Tale of Sorrow

    "Is he doing any better?
    "How should I know?  I'm a scientific genius, not a doctor, Kiyone."
    Nathan had suffered extreme physical strain in the violent attack he
unleashed.  Kiyone had taken him to Washu's lab to recuperate.
    The young officer looked down at the floor.  Come on, Nathan.Don't die
now.
    "Washu?  Can you let me know if Nathan wakes up?"
    "Sure thing." The short statured scientist cocked her head and looked at
Kiyone strangely.  "Might I ask why?  Could it be." A mischievous smile
played across Washu's lips.
    Kiyone's face turned a bright shade of red.  "Washu!  He saved our
lives!
 I'm just a little worried about him, that's all." She turned and stalked
out
of the lab.
    Washu grinned.  She walked over to Nathan, who was still unconscious.
"Hehehe..Nathan, you're a lucky guy."
    "Hey, Kiyone, how's he doing?" Tenchi asked.
    Kiyone sighed.  "He's still passed out.  Washu says he hasn't shown any
improvement yet."
    "Oh.Well, there's nothing we can do right now.  Why don't you get some
sleep?"
    "You're right, Tenchi.  I think I will."
    She slowly walked up the stairs to her room.  Her head was filled with a
million different thoughts.  She remembered the first time they met.He
seemed
like some cold-blooded killer back on the cargo ship.  But those eyes.they
were cold, yet there was something strangely alive in them.  It had felt
like
he could see into her soul.  And when he took off his mask, he took everyone
by surprise.  He was just a boy, for crying out loud!  Then at dinner.he
was
so calm, so well mannered.  Right after that, the fight with Forscythe.  He
fought with pure emotion.  And there was something about the way he spoke to
her.  Her part in the fight was vital, but he made sure she wasn't in
danger.
 Does he have feelings for me, like I d---.No.  I can't do this to myself.
He's just some strange travelling fighter, and when all this is over he'll
be
gone.  Why do I think like this?  Do I.love him?
    Kiyone got into bed.  She turned off the light and lay there, hands
folded behind her head.  She stared at the ceiling, thinking.  It seemed
like
forever she lay there, with a million thoughts racing inside her mind.  The
last thought in her head before she nodded off was the memory of her trying
to revive him.  It was just mouth to mouth.but maybe, just maybe, for a
brief
moment, it had actually been...a kiss.
    She woke up the next morning to the sound of thunder.  Rain pelted the
window outside.  A streak of lightning would periodically light up the sky.
It was a miserable day, and so it would have been for Kiyone if she hadn't
heard Washu talking to Tenchi outside her door.
    "He's back."
    "What?  Ronin's awake?"
    "Yep, and I must say he put up a considerable amount of resistance when
I
was running tests on him."
    Kiyone dashed to the door and swung it open.  She caught Tenchi
blindsided.  He went flying down the hall.  Kiyone ran over to Washu.
    "He's all right?  Did he say anything?"
    Washu grinned mischievously again.  "Oh, yeah, he was talkin' up a
storm.
 He kept saying, 'Oh, thou brilliant Washu, wherest layeth mine love, the
teal-tressed goddess Kiyone?'"  The squat supergenius laughed maniacally.
Her laughter was cut short when the 1st class detective lifted her by the
throat.
    "Take me to him."
    "Gheh.yes ma'am."
    Nathan was lying on the living room couch, a heavy blanket thrown over
him.  He had his arms behind his head, his eyes following Kiyone as she
entered.  Kiyone's eyes softened as she looked into his own.
    "Hey.how are you feeling?" she asked.
    Nathan sat up slowly.  With a slight groan, he replied, "I've been
better.  It's been a long time since I used the Phoenix Flare attack.  How
are you holding up?"
    "What do you mean?  I didn't get hurt at all, thanks to you."
    "I didn't mean that."
Kiyone could feel herself blushing as she realized his meaning.  Oh my god,
he knows.
"Listen, Nathan, I-"
"-Don't worry about it.  Mihoshi got off with minor bruises.  She'll be
fine.
 She's in the kitchen now."
Kiyone groaned and fell over.
It wasn't until the early afternoon that Nathan was ready to talk.  Last
night, he had promised to tell all, and now he was going to make good on his
word.  The occupants of the Masaki home all gathered in the living room.
They formed a semicircle around the couch.  As usual, Ryoko and Ayeka fought
for a spot next to Tenchi.  Sasami jumped up on the couch next to Ronin.
Kiyone felt a slight pang of jealousy, then scolded herself for the
ridiculousness of it.  Now I know how Ayeka and Ryoko feel, she thought.
"All right," Nathan began.  "You all want to hear my story, huh?  Let me
warn
you; once you hear what I have to say, your lives as you know them may never
be the same.  If you don't want to be involved, please leave now."  He
paused
to look around the room.  No one moved.  "Very well.I guess I'll begin at
the
beginning.
"Up until a couple of years ago, I was a baseline human.  I was just some
nerdy kid in a normal high school with a small degree of martial arts
training.  God, I loved the martial arts.  The fighting, the philosophy, the
way of life, everything.  But my old life was ruined on one fateful day."
He
swallowed and closed his eyes.
"What happened?" asked Tenchi.
Ronin looked up.  He stared directly into Tenchi's eyes and said, simply, "I
died."
"WHAAAT???"  Everyone was dumbfounded.
"That's impossible!" yelled Ryoko.  "A human can't just come back from the
dead!"
"Wait a minute." said Mihoshi.  "He can if he's a..a.a ZOMBIE!!"
Mihoshi screamed and ran out of the room.  Sasami gasped and started to back
away from Ronin.
Nathan shook his head.  "No, I'm not a zombie.  I was killed.defending
a.a
girl I loved."  His eyes turned slightly misty.  "Her name was Jenn Theodyn.
She was the most beautiful girl on the face of the planet, and she and I
were
so close, one would swear we were made for each other.  She was.attacked
by a
gang in an alley in New York City.  I stepped in and held them off while she
tried to escape.  But.there was a punk waiting around the corner for her
and
she was..she was.both of us were.."  Nathan cried out a held his head.
For
the first time since he arrived, tears began to streak down his face.
    "DAMN IT!" He screamed and lashed out an arm.  A chair nearby crumbled
under the impact of the telekinetic blast.  "I COULDN'T SAVE HER!"
Kiyone's heart sank.  My god, she thought.  Nathan lost the love of his
life.I can't hope to imagine what that's like. She walked over and put
her
hand on his shoulder.  "It's all right.you did the best you could." she
crooned, hoping to comfort him.
Nathan continued sobbing.  "I.I didn't have the power to.so I.I
had.to." He
lost control and fell into Kiyone.  She put her arms around him and spoke to
him softly.
"Nathan, it's in the past.I'm not saying you should forget, but.from
what
we've seen, you are our only link to whatever danger is coming.  Please,
Nathan, try to relax.  We need you now."
The tearful swordsman stifled another sob.  Slowly, he raised himself out of
Kiyone's embrace.  "You're.you're right." He said.  "You can't change the
past.  I'm the only one who can prepare you for what's ahead.  I'm.sorry,
everyone.  I've never spoken about that to anyone."
Sasami slid over and looped both arms around his right arm.  "It's okay,
Nathan.  You're part of the family now, so you can tell us anything."
Nathan looked down at the young princess, and did a rare thing.he smiled.
It
was the first time anyone in the group had seen him smile.  Kiyone couldn't
help but put on one of her own when she saw it.  He had a shy, almost cute
one-sided smirk
"Thank you, Sasami.  I'm not used to this kind of.well, kindness."
He took a deep breath.  "Well, then, on with the story, I guess."
"Well, as I was saying, I was biologically dead.  However, my spirit was
still intact.  That's when I came back."
"Wait a sec." Ryoko looked skeptical.  "How can a human just 'come back'?"
Ronin's gaze shifted to Ayeka.  "I trust you remember the battle in space
with the Souja?  The skirmish in which Ryu-oh's core was demolished?"
Ayeka nodded.
"Tenchi was in there when it exploded.  And yet he is alive and well.  Why?"
Tenchi looked at him in surprise.  "Tsunami awakened my power and revived
me.
 But.does that mean.you?
"Well, I wasn't revived by Tsunami, if that's what you mean.  The one who
revived me.well, that one's name takes many forms."
"You don't mean." Tenchi gasped.  "He who is called I Am, the Lord our
God,
the Almighty One, Kami?"
Ronin smirked again.  "Actually, I'm referring to one who was a goddess, but
no longer possesses memory of her life as one.  As a matter of fact, she is
sitting in this very room."  A hush fell over the assembled party.
"Who is it?" Washu asked.
This time, Ronin laughed out loud.  "I'll leave that to the imagination.
Anyway, this being revived me, as Tsunami did for Tenchi.  In addition, she
awakened the hidden potential lying within every human being.  After all,
normal humans use only 10% of their brains.  And if that wasn't enough, she
gave me this.the Phoenix Blade.  Like the Lighthawk Sword, it is a sacred
weapon of indescribable power.  Legend has it that only two people can use
the blade; myself, and the one whose destiny lies with mine."
Noticing the blank looks on the faces in his audience, he commented, "I'm
not
entirely sure what that means myself.  Well, in short, that is the story of
my origin.  The events I've been witness to in the past year, however, are
directly related to Forscythe and his master."
"His master?"  Ayeka blinked.  "Who is that?"
Ronin's face turned dead serious.  "His master, and my master for a time, is
the most powerful being in the universe with the possible exception of the
gods.  He is the Daemon King, a vile creature known as Kel'Doran."

TO BE CONTINUED.
