Disclaimer: Tenchi and the gang are property of Pioneer and AIC.  Ronin/Nathan 
Grant, Sarlone, Daranus, Kel'Doran, and the Damned Ones are all my creations.  
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank a few folks.  To my brother, Umaro, 
thanks for reading my fics.  To Aldrich Bautista, thanks for posting this saga, 
my two script-format fics, and my two MST's.  To Keiichi Masaki, thanks for not 
sending fanatics with torches to kill me after I used your term, "teal-tressed 
goddess", without permission in Chapter 4.  Thank you all and enjoy this latest 
installment of Blade of the Jimmu.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 11: Assassins in the Dark

	The trio of ships bound for Lorian was completely silent.  Everyone had 
retired to his or her own quarters to rest for the day ahead.  There was little 
sign of life, save one.  Washu, in her newly constructed sub-space lab aboard 
the Yagami, was running a diagnostic on the three ships.
	"Let's see, communications equipment, primary weapons, piloting controls, 
all this seems to check out.  Wait a minute, what's this?"
	Washu peered at the tiny blip of information that had just appeared 
onscreen.
	"Yagami's engine?  But-how can this be?"  Her eyes narrowed.  "I guess 
I'll just have to check this out myself."  She rose from her seat and proceeded 
out the door.
	The corridor was dimly lit, save a few emergency lights kept on for 
visibility.  It's quiet, Washu thought to herself.  Too quiet.
	She finally reached the engine room.  Opening the door, Washu's eyes bore 
an ominous sight.  Wires and cables lay everywhere.  Electronic odds and ends 
were strewn about the room.  The most noticeable factor, however, was the series 
of slashes on the engine itself.  Looking up at the ceiling, Washu spotted an 
opening in the ventilation shaft.  A quick look proved what Washu had assumed; 
whoever did this must have run when she arrived.
	"Looks like someone is trying to slow our progress.  I'd better contact 
the other ships and make sure nothing is wrong over there."

	"What?" Tenchi's disbelief was obvious.  "The engine was damaged?"
	"Yeah, but not beyond repair.  I think I interrupted the saboteur in the 
middle of his little party.  Is everything ok on Ryo-Ohki?"
	"I think so.  There's only one room, so I think we would notice if someone 
had snuck aboard."
	As Tenchi was talking, Washu's eye caught something. Ayeka and Ryoko lay 
sprawled on the floor, unmoving.  A shadowy form was slowly making its way from 
them to Tenchi.
	"TENCHI!" Washu cried.  "Behind you!"
	"Wha?"  Tenchi whipped around and activated his sword just in time.  A 
blade of red energy met his less than an inch from his face.  With a yell, 
Tenchi pushed up and forward, throwing his attacker off balance.  They exchanged 
several sword clashes.  Ducking a head-level swing, Tenchi dashed forward, 
slashing horizontally.  The blue blade sliced through the assailant's 
midsection.  After a moment of silence, the attacker's body split in two, and 
both halves fell to the ground.
	Washu breathed a sigh of relief.  "What is that thing?"
	Wiping the sweat from his brow, Tenchi deactivated his sword and walked 
over to the body.  He turned the upper half over with his foot, then stepped 
back in shock.
	"W-Washu, look!"  The attacker was ghastly in appearance.  Its still-open 
eyes blazed an eerie white.  Its fangs were ridged and a sickening shade of 
brownish-yellow.  Its rocky hide was a dark red.  There was no doubt.  It was 
one of the Damned Ones.  Worse yet, burned into its shoulder was a birdlike 
form-the emblem of the Phoenix Knight.  "Washu, do you think it's-?"
	Washu eyes narrowed.  "Daranus.  I should've known."
	"But wait, Washu!" Tenchi said suddenly.  "Do you think the one who 
trashed the engine on Yagami has another order to carry out?"
	The scientist gasped.  "Oh my god.  Tenchi, see if Ayeka and Ryoko are ok.  
If so, come over here as soon as you can!"
	"Right."
	Washu turned and ran to the sleeping quarters.  "Nathan, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Sasami, wake up!"  She went to each room in turn, making sure they were all up, 
then gathered them all in her lab.
	"Huh...what's going on?" Mihoshi asked with a yawn.
	"Guys, something bad is going on out there.  The engine's been trashed, 
and Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka were attacked."
	"What?" Kiyone asked in surprise.  "Are they all right?"
	"Yes, but if the engine room was just one objective...."
	"...then the assassin on this ship will be coming for us." Nathan 
finished.
	Sasami looked at Washu with frightened eyes.  "What are we gonna do?"
	Nathan stood up.  "We aren't going to do anything.  I will take care of 
the intruder."
	"Wait!" Kiyone said, standing as well.  "I'm going with you."
	The blue-haired swordsman hesitated a moment.  "Very well." He said at 
last.  He and Kiyone exited the subspace lab.
	"All right, Kiyone, keep sharp.  These Damned Ones are not to be taken 
lightly."
	"Right."  Kiyone drew her blaster.
	The two crept down the hallway.  "I know this pattern of sabotage.  I used 
it to infiltrate a luxury liner once." Nathan said quietly.
	"What's the pattern?" Kiyone asked.
	"First take out the engines to immobilize the ship.  Then take out any and 
all fighters on board to ensure minimal resistance.  After taking anything of 
value, you set the ship to self-destruct and escape to watch the fireworks."
	"Rather cruel tactic, if you ask me." Kiyone commented.
	Nathan winced.  "I know."
	"Nathan..." Kiyone looked at him sympathetically.
	Without warning, Nathan pulled the Phoenix Blade from its sheath and held 
it horizontally over his head.  The rear overhead strike from the Damned One was 
effectively stopped.  Quickly picking up on what was happening, Kiyone spun 
around and delivered a hook kick to the side of the daemon's skull.  The vile 
creature grunted in pain and slammed against the wall.
	"That," Nathan said with narrowed eyes, "was a cowardly gesture.  It's 
dishonorable to attack a superior downwind.  Didn't I teach you anything, 
Dar'Gol?"
	"Shut up!" the creature hissed.  Its voice was rough and growling.  It 
would be the most probable voice possessed by some sort of talking lizard.  "I'm 
a lieutenant now, and you're nothing but a spineless traitor!  GRAAAA!"  It 
lunged forward, blade outstretched.
	Nathan shifted his head slightly.  The thrust narrowly missed.  Then, with 
blinding speed, Nathan's free hand shot out.  A small flash of metal revealed he 
was holding a curved knife in it.  The tanto punctured the daemon's throat.  The 
business end of the steel weapon, which protruded from the back of Dar'Gol's 
neck, was covered in a thick, black liquid.
	"Y-you...bastard..." Dar'Gol choked out.  "I'll...kill...you..."
	"Who told you to do this?  Daranus?  Sarlone?  Tell me!"
	Dar'Gol snickered.  "All...is for the...glory of...Kel'Doran..." With a 
blood freezing death rattle, the daemon's body went limp.
	Kiyone stood there in disbelief.  "I knew it." She said at last.  "Daranus 
is playing both sides."
	Nathan sighed.  "My friend....no.  He couldn't have ordered something like 
this.  He and I are like brothers."
	"I wouldn't be so sure of that." Kiyone fired back.
	After a moment's hesitation, Nathan headed to the airlock.  He opened it 
just as Tenchi was transferring from Ryo-Ohki. 
	"Tenchi!" Nathan said, surprised.  "Are you and the girls alright?"
	Tenchi looked down.  "They were only knocked out, thank god.  I made sure 
they regained consciousness before coming here.  I guess you guys were attacked, 
too."
	"I'm afraid so.  I'm going to board the Night Edge to check on Daranus."
	Tenchi frowned.  "Nathan, I know you're not going to like this, but I 
think Daranus is the one who ordered this.  As the commander of that unit, he's 
the only one who could've gotten them to do this."
	The Phoenix Knight shook his head.  "I don't want to believe it, however 
likely it is.  However, Sarlone has a good amount of respect among his peers.  
That puts him in the number two slot for suspects."
	"That's right!" Kiyone said.  "From what Ayeka told me, he was really 
kissing up to you when you boarded the Night Edge...well, after he attacked you, 
that is.  It might've been an act to gain your trust."
	Tenchi entered the Yagami and closed the door of the airlock behind him.  
"Either way, this doesn't look good.  I think we should just contact the Night 
Edge.  You might walk right into a trap by boarding it."
	"I see your point." Nathan admitted.  "I'm beginning to regret obtaining 
their assistance.  However, we must stay with them so as not to arouse 
suspicion.  If whoever this traitor is feels his plan is endangered, there's no 
telling what the consequences will be."
	Tenchi frowned.  "So, we'll just have to be on guard until this whole 
thing is over."
	"I'm afraid so."
	"I see.  Um, Kiyone?" Tenchi asked.
	"Yes?"
	"I need to talk to Nathan.  In private."
	Kiyone nodded.  "Sure thing."  She leaned over and kissed Nathan on the 
cheek.  "Good night."
	Nathan blushed slightly.  "G'night."
	After Kiyone left, Tenchi turned to Nathan, surprised.  "You and Kiyone?"
	The blue-haired swordsman nodded, smiling broadly.  He then put on a 
serious expression and asked, "All right, what is it you want to talk about?"
	"Well," Tenchi began.  "The Light hawk Sword and Phoenix Blade are the 
same kind of weapon, right?  I mean, they're beams of energy that can turn into 
solid blades?"
	"That's right."
	"How is it that the Phoenix Blade is always in its solid form?  I don't 
even know how I got my sword to change in the first place."
	Nathan nodded.  "That's a good question.  I didn't know the answer until I 
fought Kel'Doran.  The blade was permanently altered from energy to solid during 
that battle."
	"Why?"
	"The power to summon the true form of our weapons comes at a time of great 
need.  When you fought Kagato, the power was unlocked.  You were also able to 
summon the Light hawk Wings when Dr. Clay's ship was destroyed.  This happened 
for one reason: Your spirit cried out for the power in a time of danger.  The 
spirit is a very powerful thing, and when you learn to hear its call, the power 
will come again.  During my battle with Kel'Doran, I managed to synchronize 
perfectly with my own fighting spirit.  That is why the Phoenix Blade is always 
in its most powerful form now.  However, Tenchi, even power such as mine has 
limits.  There is only one power that is truly boundless."
	Tenchi's eyes widened.  "You mean...?"
	"Yes.  The power of Jurai is limitless.  That is why Kel'Doran wants it so 
badly.  I will still tap into the Mana Stream to fight him.  It's a personal 
matter that I must see to.  However, chances are, I cannot defeat him.  There is 
only one power great enough to destroy the Daemon King-yours."
	Tenchi gulped.  "I-I'm supposed to beat him?  But, then, shouldn't I tap 
into the Mana Stream too?"
	Smiling, Nathan replied, "When you reach perfect balance with your 
warrior's spirit, you won't need to."
	The young Juraian nodded hesitantly.  "I understand.  I'll just have to 
take your word for it.  But, Nathan, I still have one more thing to ask you."
	"Yes?"
	"The way I understand it, if I can learn to control my power, you and I 
will be the only ones who can stand a chance against Kel'Doran.  I'm wondering, 
why did you bring everyone else along?"
	"Well, Ayeka is quite capable in the area of defensive power. Washu's 
scientific mind will be most important to our success.  Mihoshi seems to have 
incredible dumb luck, which, if I'm not mistaken, has saved you and your friends 
on more than one occasion.  Sasami possesses the power of Tsunami herself, and 
Kiyone is very resourceful, and has a remarkable sense of leadership."
	Tenchi counted to himself.  "...three, four, five-Hey, wait a minute.  
What about Ryoko?"
	Nathan smiled.  "Ryoko's power will grow exponentially.  She'll be about 
as powerful as I am now, if not stronger."
	Tenchi looked at Nathan in disbelief.  "How is that?"
	The blue-haired swordsman raised one hand.  The Tenchi-ken rose from the 
Juraian's belt, upside-down.  Nathan gestured to two glowing objects on the 
handle.  "You may have been reluctant to hand them over before in the past, but 
trust me, we need her to have these."
	After a long silence, Tenchi nodded.  "I understand.  How far are we from 
Lorian?"
	"Well, the Yagami's engine has been damaged.  If Washu can repair it 
within the next few hours, then we should reach Lorian in about six more.  I'd 
get some rest if I were you."  Nathan frowned.  "I'm going to have a chat with 
my 'friend'."

	"Daranus!"
	The commander of the Night Edge sat up in his chair, startled.  The call 
came from right outside his door.
	"Sir!" said the guard posted outside.  "Sir, you cannot enter.  The 
commander is asleep."  The guard was promptly silenced by a punch to the face.
	Nathan ripped the door of Daranus's quarters open.  The commander of the 
Night Edge sat up in his bed, obviously startled.  He reached for a large 
broadsword mounted on the wall, but stopped when he recognized his guest
	"Nate?  What the hell's going on?"
	The Phoenix Knight narrowed his eyes.  "I cannot allow you to interfere 
with the plan."
	"What in god's name are you talking about?"
	"Don't play dumb.  You know what's going on as well as I do.  If you value 
our friendship and/or your life, you won't attempt to betray me again."
	Daranus's eyes flashed angrily.  "What do you mean betray you?  You're the 
one who-!"  A shuriken implanted itself in the wall, less than a centimeter from 
his face.
	"I'm warning you now.  If you try to stop our advance any more, I will 
kill you."  Nathan abruptly spun around and left.
	Daranus sat there, shaking slightly.  "Don't do this, Nate." He said 
softly.  "They trust you..."

TO BE CONTINUED...
