Disclaimer:  Tenchi Masaki and the Tenchi crew are property of Pioneer.  
Nathan Grant and all things Ronin are spawned from the chaotic abyss 
that is the mind of Yamabushi.  Hehehe Hahahaha HAAHAAAHAAA 
BWAAAHAHAHAHAHA-(stagehand slaps writer)  (cough) Eh, sorry about that.  
Read on and enjoy.  Oh, and be sure to read the fan fiction written by 
my brother Umaro.  It's not bad, but it fails to match my evil 
genius.MWAHAHAHA-(slap)

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 9: Old Comrades

	".And this is the engine room.  Under my careful lead, only six 
workers were accidentally incinerated in the furnaces down here.  
That's a standard I'm pretty damn proud of."
	Ayeka felt a little uneasy.  "Um, exactly how did they, uh."
	"Get incinerated?  Oh, there was some kind of random fireball 
that tore out of the furnace.Well, a couple fireballs, 
actually.on.several occasions so anyway how do you like the ship?"
	"Well, it's certainly impressive, I'll give you that."  Ayeka 
forced a polite smile.  "Well, Nathan, I think we should check and see 
if Daranus is awake."
	"Oh." Nathan made a whining sound.  "Don't you want to see the 
mess hall?  There was once a bloody brawl that broke out between my 
troops.  It lasted for DAYS!  We actually decided to keep the 
bloodstains on the walls to commemorate the event!"
	Ayeka sweat-dropped.  No wonder he has trouble with Kiyone.  A 
mysterious warrior, a hopeless romantic, a respected general, and now a 
hyperactive child.  This man seems to have about four different 
personalities, each one completely romantically inept.  She smiled 
inwardly.
	Nathan raised an eyebrow.  He crossed his arms and cleared his 
throat deliberately.  Ayeka looked up questioningly.  Realizing her 
mistake, she blushed and tried to cover.  "I was only joking, Nathan.  
You know I know nothing about the problems you are having trying to 
convey your feelings to Kiyone.  No, Ryoko didn't tell me anything 
about it, honest."  She laughed nervously and sweat-dropped again.
	"I see."  The blue-haired swordsman replied.  "Anything else you 
don't have an opinion about?"
	Lowering her eyes to the floor, Ayeka let out a small sigh.  
"Let's head back to the captain's quarters.  We can talk on the way."
	"All right."  Ronin replied.  The two exited the engine room and 
began to walk down the corridor.  "We're walking, so start talking."
	Ayeka locked eyes with Nathan.  "Well, I normally wouldn't say 
this, but I truly believe you should.let's see, how did Ryoko phrase 
it..grow a pair."
	Nathan's mouth hung open in shock.
	"Well, I don't want to offend you or anything.  It's just that 
Ryoko and I think you should stop stalling and tell her."
	Nathan looked away.  "I'm trying, but whenever I'm about to say 
it, something happens."
	"Of course.  Just like something urgent interrupted you on the 
mountain."
	"Ok, that was uncalled for."
	"I'm sorry, Nathan, but we're trying to help you.  From what I 
understand, you've been leading a very difficult life.  Don't give up 
when you have a chance at real happiness."
	Nathan's eyes rolled.  "This happened last night, too.  I'm 
sensing a pattern here."
	"Well, it's your decision.  We can only assist you so much.  
There will be a point when you have to take the initiative, you know."
	An uncomfortable silence followed.  At last, the two came upon 
the captain's room.  The mage Sarlone was waiting at the door for them.  
He bowed graciously.
	"Lord Ronin, we've been expecting you.  The captain is inside."
	"Thank you, Sarlone."  Ronin answered.  He turned to Ayeka.  "Do 
you wish to come in?"
	Sarlone spoke up.  "Or, if you prefer, you may retire to the mess 
hall while Lord Ronin meets with Captain Daranus."
	Ayeka didn't even need to think about it.  She and Ronin walked 
in to see Daranus.
	Jurai's crown princess was shocked at the sight before her.  The 
man that sat at the table was dressed in battered red armor, complete 
with a ragged cape.  His face was covered with stubble, his dark brown 
hair was shoulder-length and tied into an attempt-ponytail, and there 
was a large, ugly scar on his right arm.  This relatively bear-like man 
stood up, extended his arms and charged straight at Nathan. 
	Ayeka let out a startled cry.  "Look out!"  She closed her eyes 
and put a force field around herself.  She paused a moment, waiting for 
the sounds of battle.  To her surprise, Ayeka heard laughing.  She 
opened her eyes and stood in astonishment.  The larger man had glomped 
onto Nathan.  Tears were streaming down his face as he laughed.  Nathan 
had an odd expression on.  He patted Daranus's back neutrally with one 
hand.  "Ok, Daranus, I'm all right, just let it all out buddy..ok ok 
get off me."
	Daranus composed himself and sat down at the table.  "I'm so 
sorry," he said in a growling voice.  "All of us thought you were dead.  
Please, Nathan, sit.  Let's catch up."  His eyes shifted to Ayeka.  
"Hello there.  Say, aren't you."
	Ayeka bowed her head.  "I am Princess Ayeka of the planet Jurai.  
It is an honor to meet a friend of Nathan's."
	The armored man laughed heartily.  "Nathan, you dog!  You snagged 
yourself a princess!"
"No, actually, I didn't.  She's helping m-."
"That'll get the whole crew laughin' like hell!  You know, back 
when you were captain, we used to make bets like that."
	"Like what?" Nathan asked, slightly embarrassed.
	"Whenever we went to loot a planet, me and the boys used to make 
bets on whether or not you'd actually get down with some of the female 
natives." He burst out laughing again.  "I always bet you wouldn't.  I 
gotta tell ya, those bets made me a rich man.  I mean, who'd have 
thought the most feared general in the damned army is a vir."
	"Gaah!"  Nathan shoved a hand over Daranus's mouth.  "That's 
enough of that!"  He glared at Ayeka, who was openly trying not to 
crack up.
	"Listen, Daranus," Nathan said.  "I didn't come here to shoot the 
breeze.  We need your help." 
	"Help?  With what?"
	Nathan proceeded to explain his plan to Daranus.  The bearish man 
stood up and slammed his hands down on the table.
	"You're out of your goddamn mind!" he yelled.  "Even you can't 
take out Kel'Doran!  What kind of firepower are you planning to use?"
	"I'm going to tap into the Mana Stream." 
	"WHAT?!?  You're tapping into the Stream?  That's more power than 
any of us can take!"
	"Quite frankly, I don't give a damn.  We have to stop Kel'Doran.  
He's going after the power of Jurai.  You and I both know what will 
happen if he gets it."
	Daranus's eyes widened.  "Jurai's power?  No way.  If he adds 
that to the power he's already got."
	".He'll become a living god." Nathan finished.  "Daranus, your 
division of troops would be invaluable to our mission.  Can I rely on 
you?"
	Daranus looked down at the table.  Shaking his head, he replied, 
"You know, Nate, if you hadn't saved my ass back on Lorian, I would 
never agree to this."
	"Is that a yes?"
	Looking up at his closest friend, Daranus grudgingly nodded and 
answered, "For you, General, anything.  My-your ship is having some 
trouble at the moment.  Our reactor is out of power.  Do you have 
anyone on that Yagami or Ryo-ohki that can fix things?"
	Ayeka's eyes widened.  Mouthing the word 'no', she glanced at 
Nathan.  To her horror, he was smiling.  "I know just the woman."  He 
said.
	Nathan rushed into the cockpit of the Yagami.  "Hey Washu!  We 
have a job for you!"  He stopped short when he saw it.  Kiyone walked 
over to Nathan and followed his gaze.  We found her about a half an 
hour ago.  It seems we have a bit of a stowaway."
	"Apparently." Nathan answered.  He locked eyes with the new 
passenger.  "What are you doing here?"
	Defiantly, the young princess replied, "You were wrong!  I'm not 
too young!  I can help too!  Please, let me come!"

TO BE CONTINUED.
	


