Disclaimer: As it has been said many times before, Tenchi Masaki, Ayeka,
Ryoko, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, Yosho, and the all-powerful
green-haired goddess Kiyone Makibi are property of Pioneer.  Ronin, the hero
of this story, is my creation.  Dat's right, yo.  He's mah bitch, mutha f-
(stagehand throws script at writer) Oh, sorry 'bout that.  Enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 5: The Daemon King

    "Kel'Doran?"
    "Yes.  Kel'Doran is the king of a vile race of creatures known as the
Damned Ones.  He is a monster of indescribable power.  Not only is he gifted
with unheard of destructive power, but he also possesses two mystic swords:
Pain and Insanity, the Blades of Chaos.  He has used these wicked blades to
eliminate countless lives on thousands of planets."
    Nathan looked down at the floor and shook his head.  "And I was one of
his top generals."
    The assembled party was stunned.  How could a hero like Ronin work for
the galaxy's greatest tyrant?
    Ayeka spoke first.  "Back on Jurai, there are myths of an evil demon who
used his blades to devour the souls of his victims.  Is there any truth to
this?
    "Yes.  The stories are true."
    Kiyone looked at Ronin with bewilderment in her eyes.  "But you were
supposedly brought back to life by a good goddess.  How did you end up
serving Kel'Doran?"
    The blue-haired warrior shifted his gaze to Kiyone.  "It was my darkest
hour.  He and his minions were on a mission of conquest.  They were little
more than pirates then.  I had joined up with them with the intent of
destroying him.  I rose through the ranks, never fully revealing my true
power.  My exceptional fighting talents impressed Kel'Doran, and he made me
a
general. I knew at that time I was powerful enough to kill him.  However, he
launched an assault on a planet called Lorian.  There, he found something
called a Mana Stream.  It is a pillar of energy, and the source of a deity's
power.  He tapped into the stream, using his blades to absorb the massive
force.  The act increased his power tenfold.  After that, he knew no one
could challenge him.  Even high-ranking soldiers like myself became
insignificant slaves.  He became like a living god of destruction.  He made
us kill entire populations of innocents.  Like a fool, I obeyed him.  I
should have just let him kill me."
    "NO!"  Sasami cried.  "Don't say that!  You didn't have a choice!"
    Nathan looked at Sasami with a sorrowful gaze.  "There is always a
choice.  I didn't make the right choice until about a month ago.  At a
meeting of his top fighters, he announced his plan to seize the power of
Jurai for himself.  I confronted him right then and there. I revealed my
true
intentions and challenged him to a fight to the death.  He accepted, but he
didn't fight with honor, of course.  While we were dueling, Forscythe and
Lich, another general, jumped in.  I was beaten to within an inch of my
life.
 Deciding I wasn't worth the effort of killing, Kel'Doran cast me out into
space.  When I assisted Kiyone and Mihoshi in defeating a group of space
pirates, I sensed something.  When I looked into their minds, I found
information about you, Tenchi, and your incredible power.  It was then that
I
realized he would come for you eventually."
    A gasp found its way across the audience.
    "So," said Ryoko.  "Do you think this Kel'Doran will come for Tenchi
himself?"
    "I doubt it.  Kel'Doran has a tendency to let his minions do the job for
him.  The best thing to do would be to find his headquarters and attack him
there."
    "No way!" exclaimed Tenchi.  "How are we supposed to beat this guy?
From
what you've told us, it's impossible to destroy him!"
    Nathan locked eyes with Tenchi.  "It will be extremely difficult, but
not
impossible.  If we know Kel'Doran's weaknesses and form a strategy based on
them, we can win."
    Kiyone's eyes lit up.  "And you know just what his weaknesses are, don't
you?"
    Nathan smiled confidently.  "Hehehe." He paused for a minute.  "I have
no
idea."
    Everyone groaned and dropped to the floor.
    "Wait a minute," said Washu.  "You said he let you go because you
weren't
worth the effort."
    Kiyone caught on immediately.  "That's right!  We can use his pride
against him!"
    Nathan looked up at the ceiling thoughtfully.  "True, but how?"

TO BE CONTINUED
