Disclaimer: Tenchi Masaki and the group I have labeled the "Tenchi crew" are
property of Pioneer.  I did not essentially coin the name "Tenchi crew".  I
do not claim ownership of it, so use it as you please.  However, Ronin,
Kel'Doran, Lich, Forscythe, Rath, and any new characters in this chapter are
creations of mine.  If you are seen using them, I will send my ogre friend
Gortog to club you and eat your bones.  Enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 8: The Night Edge

    Ronin rushed into the cockpit of the Yagami.  Washu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
were already waiting for him.  He headed to the front and turned to Washu.
    "Where is the ship?"
    "We're a few hundred miles away right now.  Give us a few minutes and we
can hook up with it."
    Nathan nodded.  "Ok.  You said something about its markings earlier?"
    Washu pointed to the display on her computer.  "Yep.  Here it is.
There's a large symbol on the dorsal surface.  It's just like the one on
that
guy Forscythe's ship."
    "What?!?  Let me see!"  Nathan looked at the screen.  The very sight of
the symbol made his blood run cold.  It was a image resembling a large
reptilian eye.  A red slit of a pupil on an eye of gold…the symbol of the
Damned Ones.
    "It's one of theirs, all right.  Did Kel'Doran sense that Forscythe had
failed?"
    Mihoshi took this opportunity to speak up.  "Oh, don't worry.  It might
just be a couple of daemons out on vacation."
    The occupants of the cockpit all sweat dropped.
    Ronin took another look at the display.  "Wait a minute…" His eyes
widened.  "Guys!  Look there!  There's another symbol on the side!"
    Kiyone moved closer and squinted.  She could just make out the design.
It was a flame colored symbol.  It looked like a bird of some kind.
    A broad smile covered Nathan's face.  "The Phoenix Emblem…That was my
symbol when I was Kel'Doran's right-hand man.  All the soldiers under my
command had that symbol branded into their shoulder.  And look under it!  I
can just make out the words…the Night Edge.  I know that ship!  I have to
board the vessel and see their commander immediately.  How far away are we
now?"
    Looking a bit confused, Washu replied, "We're about ten miles from it
now.  Heck, you can see it out the window now.  But…you know who's on that
ship?"
    "Without a doubt.  I recognize the aura now.  He's an old war partner of
mine.  His name is Daranus Artegian.  If I can enlist his help, he and his
battalion would be invaluable to our cause."
    "Wait a minute!" cried Kiyone.  "For all you know, this Daranus is still
working for Kel'Doran.  How do you know you can trust him?"
    "He owes me a big favor."
    "That'd better be one hell of a big favor!" Kiyone exclaimed.  "We're
talking about going up against a daemon king here!  Will he really join up
with us?"
    "Just trust me on this one."
    "You want to go this one alone, then?" Washu asked.
    "I don't think I should.  His crew might be slightly hostile if they
don't recognize me right off the bat."
    "Slightly?"
    "Well, to tell you the truth, they'll probably try to tear me apart.  I
need someone who can create fields of protection.  Washu, open a link with
Ryo-ohki.  I have to speak to Ayeka."

    "I see, Nathan.  So all I do is keep a shield around us?"
    "Yeah.  The Damned Ones are somewhat weak against holy powers like that
of Jurai's.  Think you can handle it?"
    "Most definitely."
    Ayeka closed her eyes. In a matter of seconds a translucent barrier
surrounded the two of them.  They began to walk down the dark corridor from
the airlock.
    "Um, this probably isn't the best time to bring this up," Ayeka began.
"But what if Daranus is against you?  When you left Kel'Doran's fortress,
you
were branded a traitor."
    "Yes, but Daranus and his men, kept under Kel'Doran's oppressive heel,
were told that I was dead.  When they see me alive, you'll see where their
loyalties lie."
    At that moment, Nathan tensed and spun around.  "Ayeka, watch out!"
    A blast of energy flew at the two of them.  It crashed into the shield,
tearing a hole in it.
    "Impossible!" Nathan said aloud.
    "I'm afraid it's all too possible, intruder." A stern voice replied.
The
man who stood before them wore a grey cloak.  His gloved hand was still
smoking from the blast.  "I am Sarlone, Captain Daranus's second-in-command.
My power is infinitely beyond your own.  Surrender now or be destroyed."
    "I believe you are the one who should surrender." Nathan replied.  "I am
Ronin, the Phoenix Knight, commander of the First Battalion of Lord
Kel'Doran."
    Sarlone scowled.  "You lie.  The Phoenix Knight died a traitor's death."
    "Then why do I have this?" Nathan shot back, drawing the Phoenix Blade.
    The cloaked man's eyes widened.  "That sword…it is…" He instantly
dropped to one knee, averting his eyes to the floor.  "Forgive me, Lord
Ronin.  I…everyone thought you were…I did not mean to speak of you in
such a
disdainful manner.  We are forever under Kel'Doran's vile control."
    "I know.  Your actions were understandable.  There is no transgression."
    Sarlone looked up at Nathan gratefully.  "Thank you, my lord.  Truly
this
is a blessing from the gods. You have returned to us."
    Ayeka was absolutely stunned.  First a travelling warrior, then a rogue
soldier, and now a worshipped commander.  There's always some event that
reveals more about his true self, she thought.
    "Sarlone, I would like to speak to Daranus as soon as possible."
    "Of course, Lord Ronin.  He is resting at the moment.  Shall I wake
him?"
    "No, you can let him rest.  Can my companion and I tour the ship until
he
wakes?"
    "Of course, sir.  Anything you wish.  By all rights, you are this ship's
commander now.  If you need anything at all, please don't hesitate to ask."
    "Thank you, Sarlone.  You are a credit to your rank."
    Sarlone stood up slowly, then bowed and walked with Nathan and Ayeka to
the end of the corridor.
    "I shall be in the training room if you require anything."
    "Thank you." Nathan replied.
    As the cloaked mage exited, Ayeka turned to Nathan.  "You never
mentioned
anything like this!"
    "Well, please don't tell anyone.  I despise being worshipped.  You do,
right?"
    Ayeka sweat-dropped.  "Oh, yes, I absolutely hate it when someone treats
me like royalty.  I find it so ridiculous……"  She trailed off.
    Nathan raised an eyebrow.  "Riiiiiight…." He said slowly.  Taking a
few
steps into another hallway, he turned back to Ayeka.  "Shall we?"

TO BE CONTINUED

