************
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters of the Tenchi Universe.  They
are all property of Pioneer.  I do, however, own the spiritual warrior
Ronin.
 Anyone who attempts to use him without my permission shall be eaten by my
pet dragon.  Thank you and enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 1: Mysterious Savior

12 a.m. Earth time- "Just my luck.  An emergency call in the middle of the
night…"
    Detective 1st class Kiyone Makibi sighed and slumped back in her chair.
She looked over at her partner, Mihoshi, who was sound asleep.  Kiyone was
still wallowing in self-pity when the Yagami's sensors picked up their
target.  It was a small cargo ship.
    Kiyone's instincts instantly kicked in, reviving her.  "Mihoshi!  Wake
up!  We're there!"
    Mihoshi shifted, mumbling something about five minutes.  This was
answered by a whack on the head that would constitute extreme assault
charges
on Earth.  Mihoshi slowly rose from her new position on the floor, rubbing
her head.  "Kiyone, what was that for" she inquired innocently.
    "It's the ship up ahead.  Remember, the distress call?"
    The blonde officer blinked and stared at her partner vacantly.
    Kiyone found her hand edging towards her blaster.  She stopped herself
and feigned composure.
    "Ok, Mihoshi.  Remember how I woke you up?  I said we had an emergency
…
you remember?  Good.  Now, this is that emergency.  That ship up ahead is
being attacked by space pirates.  We have to stop them."  She let the
information sink in.  A few minutes passed.
    Mihoshi abruptly stood up.  She gasped.  "We must stop those evil
criminals!  Metamorforce!!!"
    Kiyone's hand edged towards her blaster….

    "Bwahaha!!!"  The pig-like pirate sneered.  "Pretty good haul, eh boys?"
    A mixed reply of grunts and yells of enthusiasm came from his crew.
    "You won't get away with this!" cried the ship's pilot.  "We've already
sent a distress signal.  The Galaxy Police should be on their way here!"
    "Ha!" replied the captain.  "Why would the Galaxy Police be in this
remote sector?  Even if they are coming, we'll take 'em, right boys?"
    Another reply of grunts and cheers.
    "That's right!  We the crew of the Lumpy Foot, will not be beaten by a
feeble force such as the Galaxy Poli-!"  The captain's sentence was cut
short
when a small metal disc encircled him, binding him with wire.  "What the-!
Boys, they're here!"
    Kiyone tugged on the string of her yo-yo, yanking the pirate captain off
his feet and across the bridge.  She quickly pulled out her blaster and put
it to his head.  "All right, everyone!  Freeze!"
    She smiled inwardly.  A few jobs like this one and HQ would promote her
for sure.  Her internal smile faded when she saw Mihoshi.  "No, Mihoshi!  I
meant for THEM to freeze, not you!"
    One of the pirates took advantage of the brief confusion.  He lunged
forward, grabbing Mihoshi and putting a gun to her head.  "Ok, lady, drop
the
blaster or else!"
    Kiyone was stunned.  A second ago, she had been in complete control.
And
yet again, her partner managed to turn the situation completely around.  She
tried to think of her next move.
Maybe I should just let them…no.  She's my partner and my friend,
regardless
of her…vacancy.  This guy means business.  I guess I have no choice.  She
slowly crouched down and placed her sidearm on the deck.
"No, Kiyone!  Don't do it!" Mihoshi yelled.  "It'll be ok!  I saw this exact
thing on Space Police Policemen.  It was awesome.  You see, the red space
policemen was trapped by the boss of the Wargons, and…"
Everyone sweat-dropped as Mihoshi rambled on.
How could things be any worse? Kiyone wondered.  We're as good as dead.
Suddenly, something caught her eye.  Two bodies went flying into the room
from behind the pirates.  The entire crew gasped.  One pirate fainted.
Another soiled himself.
    "It's the lookouts!"
    "Lookit `em!  Both of `em are cut up good!"
"Who the hell is back there?  We cleared everyone out!"
    "C'mon!  You two, come with me!  We'll find whoever did this!"
    The pirate holding Mihoshi scowled.  "Who else is here?"
    Kiyone decided to bluff.  "Oh, it's just the backup I called for.  I
invited a couple of passing bounty hunters in on the action."  She smiled.
    "Damn.  You have a temporary reprieve, lady."  He turned to two buddies.
"Take `em somewhere till we get rid of those hunters."
    The two stood still.
    "What're you waiting for?  Go get `em."
    The two fell forward.  In their backs were small metal shurikens.
    Kiyone stood in amazement.  Where did they come from?  She scanned the
room. To her surprise, the assailant was on the ceiling!
    The pirate with Mihoshi followed her gaze.  "Whaaat?"  The figure
dropped
down from its vantage point.  It landed in front of Kiyone.
    This figure was humanoid, but any physical features were masked by his
garb.  It was dressed all in loose black clothing with a cape and black
mask.
 At its side was a red katana.  Kiyone saw a pair of eerie ice-blue eyes
behind the narrow eye slits of his mask.
    "Stand back."  His voice was soft, but strangely forceful.  The figure
spun around to face the remaining pirates.  He counted each of them with his
hands.  "Eight."  He drew his katana.
    The head pirate threw Mihoshi off to the side.  He and his cohorts
pulled
out an assortment of melee weapons.  "Better quit while you're still alive,
buddy.  Eight against one ain't exactly odds in your favor."
    "On the contrary.  These odds are staggeringly in my favor."
    The horde of pirates charged the masked figure.  Kiyone could not
believe
what she saw.  The man in black moved with blinding speed, seeming a black
mass darting through the crowd.  Occasionally a red line would tear through
a
pirate.  One by one, the attackers were silenced.  Only one pirate was left
standing at the end.
    "Please," he blubbered.  "Don't hurt me!"
    The fighter stared at him coldly.  "You want me to spare your life?  You
make your living preying on others.  You take pleasure in others' pain.  You
are a man of no honor.  For that, you deserve to die."  He leveled his blade
to the pirate's throat.
    "No!" shouted Kiyone.  She picked up her blaster and pointed it at the
man in black.  "I am Detective 1st Class Kiyone with the Galaxy Police.  I
will take it from here.  This pirate is hereby under police custody."
    "You must be joking."  The man turned slightly.  He raised his hand and
made a beckoning motion.  Without warning, the blaster was yanked from
Kiyone's grasp and landed in the man's hand.
    "How…how did you?"  Kiyone tried to regain composure.  "You are NOT to
kill that man, am I understood?  Failing to comply will result in your
arrest!"
    The man stared into Kiyone's eyes.  She found herself strangely
captivated by his gaze.  It felt as if he were looking directly into her
soul.
    After a long silence, he lowered his katana.  He sheathed it, and
dropped
the blaster on the floor.  "Very well.  Do as you wish."
    "Thank you."  Kiyone said.  She walked over to handcuff the pirate.
Then
something occurred to her.  She gasped.  "Mihoshi?  Where are you?"
    A muffled reply came from somewhere in the pile of pirate bodies.  The
fighter raised his hand.  The pile raised with his hand motion.  Mihoshi lay
facedown on the floor.  She stood up, eyes wide open in shock.  After a
minute, she burst into tears.  She dashed over to Kiyone and latched onto
her
with the strength of a professional sumo wrestler.  "Oh Kiyone I was so
scared that guy had a gun to my head and that weird guy dumped all those
pirates on me see I told you it would be ok oh KIYOOONEEEE!!!!"
    "All right, Mihoshi, calm down," Kiyone said in her most soothing tone.
"Everything's ok now.  Let's go report to HQ, then we can go home."
    Mihoshi sniffled, then nodded.
    Kiyone walked over to their mysterious savior.  "I guess we owe you our
lives.  May I ask your name?"
    "You may call me Ronin."
