Disclaimer:  Just to clarify, I had originally planned to make this chapter
entirely about the departure.  However, I thought I should reflect on the
whole slapping incident from chapter 6.  Neither one would be long enough
alone, so I just combined them.  Well, I hope you're enjoying the story.
Let
me warn you that from this point on, the series will take a slightly more
serious turn-well, most of the time.  Anyway, as always, Tenchi and the gang
are property of Pioneer, and Ronin is born from my brilliant mind.  Enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo!
Blade of the Jimmu
Chapter 7:
Part 1-Reflections
Part 2-Departure

Part I
Kiyone closed the door to her room and crawled into bed.  Noticing Mihoshi
was already asleep, she did so with utmost caution.  Once again, she found
her mind to be a jumble of thoughts and emotions, all focused on Nathan.
    She whispered quietly to herself.  "I can't believe I did that.Not
only
did I tell him how I felt, but I." A pang of guilt hit her.  "I hit him
when
he didn't reciprocate.  What the hell is wrong with me?  I'm acting like a
child.  I-I have to make it up to him.  Tomorrow, I'll just apologize and
hope he forgives me.  It's not much, but it's all I can really do."

    An hour had passed.  Nathan still stood there, on the mountaintop, one
hand on his face where she had struck him.
    "I can't believe I did that." He whispered to himself.  "She opened her
heart to me, and I just gave her the emotionless robot routine.  I'm getting
to be less like a ronin and more like a real samurai."  Finally, he broke
his
pose and levitated down to the base of the mountain.  Raising himself to the
roof, he sat down to meditate.
    "Oooooommm..oooooommmmm"  He continued until a single flash of
intuition
snapped him out of his trance.  He was not alone.
    "Hey, you mind if I sit here?" a voice said.
    Nathan looked over and shrugged.  "Suit yourself, Ryoko."
    The female pirate sat down next to him.  She appeared uncomfortable with
something.  It didn't take Nathan long to figure it out.
    "You heard us, didn't you?"
    Ryoko shook her head slightly.  "Not really.  I was just flying around
and I saw you two.  I heard a couple of words, but the, uh, slap was what
caught my attention."
    "I see.  Do you know what we were talking about?"
    She shook her head again.
    Nathan sighed.  "She told me she was in love with me."
    The look of disbelief on Ryoko's face was surprising even to Nathan.
"No
way!  She told you that?"
    "Yes.  She practically threw herself at my feet."
    "And what did you do to get her so pissed?"
    "Walked over her."
    "Ouch."
    "You don't know the half of it.  You see, I love her too."
    Ryoko slapped her forehead with one hand.  "Then why didn't you tell
her?"
    "I-I don't know.  I swore I would never love again after Jenn died.  It
would be betraying her memory if I fell in love with Kiyone."
    Ryoko groaned.  "You know, for the ultimate divine warrior, you are
really stupid, you know that?"
    Nathan looked up at her, a look of bewilderment across his face.  "What
do you mean by that?"
    "Do you honestly think Jenn would want you living the rest of your life
like this?"
    "Like what?"
    "Look at yourself.  Here you are, looking around Tenchi's age, and
you're
under the impression that your love life is over.  I know you miss Jenn, but
you can't live like a damn robot for the rest of your life."
    Nathan's eyes flashed threateningly.  "How would you know?  You have no
idea what it's like leading my life.  Let me ask you, have you ever lost
someone so beloved, that you would do anything to honor their memory?"
    "Does the name Kagato ring a bell?" Ryoko shot back.  "He blew up the
Ryu-oh's core with Tenchi inside.  If Tsunami hadn't come in, Tenchi would
be
dead.  When I saw nothing but a bloody headband in Ryu-oh's wreckage, how do
you think I felt?"
    "I know, but-I-!"  Nathan lowered his gaze.  "I'm sorry, Ryoko.  I
haven't felt love in a long time.  You must have been confused, too-when you
fell for Tenchi, I mean."
    "What?  I'm not in love with Tenchi!  Are you nuts?"
    The two fighters laughed, and Nathan felt his spirits lift for the first
time.
    "Thank you, Ryoko.  I haven't laughed like that in ages."
    "Hey, no problem, kid."  Ryoko punched him playfully in the shoulder.
"Just remember, the only way you can betray someone's memory is by living a
way they wouldn't have wanted you to live."  She paused for a minute,
looking
puzzled.  "Yeah, that makes sense." She said at last.  With a final wave,
Ryoko disappeared.
Part II
Morning came at last.  By ten a.m., everyone who would be fighting the
Damned
Ones was packed and ready.  Mihoshi and Washu boarded the Yagami, and Tenchi
and Ayeka went into Ryo-ohki.  Ryoko followed, but stayed back for a moment
to watch Nathan.  The two locked eyes for a moment.  Ryoko smiled assuringly
at Ronin.  She winked and glanced over at Kiyone briefly, then back at
Nathan.  The blue-haired fighter nodded quietly, and followed Kiyone into
the
Yagami.
    "Good luck, kid." Ryoko said quietly.  She turned and flew up into
Ryo-ohki.
    "Mind if I come in?"
    "Yes, I do, but I have a feeling you don't care."
    Nathan opened the door to Kiyone's quarters and stepped in.  The young
officer was facedown on her bed.  She followed Nathan with her eyes.
    The two spoke simultaneously.  "Kiyone," "Nathan".  They both turned
away, slightly embarrassed.  Nathan decided to employ a degree of chivalry.
"You go first, Kiyone."
    Kiyone lifted her head from her pillow and locked eyes with Nathan.
"I-I-this is a little hard for me.. Nathan, I'm in love with you.  I can't
deny that.  However, I know your attitude towards love.  I'm truly sorry for
what happened last night.  What I did was juvenile and out of character."
    Nathan smiled.  "Don't worry about it.  I should be thanking you for
slapping some sense into me."
    "What do you mean?"
    "What I mean is." Nathan was cut short when Washu's face appeared on
the
overhead monitor.
    "Hey, guys, we got a situation here.  Ryo-ohki spotted a broken-down
ship
less than 2 parsecs from our position.  According to the structural and
technical scans, the engine burned out about an hour ago.  Its markings
are.well, why don't you two get up here and take a look."
    "All right, Washu." Nathan replied.  He turned to Kiyone.  "We'll have
to
continue this later."
    "Right."  Kiyone got up and walked past Nathan to the bridge.  The
spiritual warrior sighed internally when she passed him.  "There's always
something to interrupt.  This is beginning to feel like a romantic comedy."
He followed Kiyone down the corridor.

TO BE CONTINUED.
