***

BGlanders presents…

Blankets

***

Another night, just like any other.  I can hear the sounds of the house from
outside my door; soft, muted voices casually talking, drifting through the
house and filling every corner.  The sound flows through the cracks in the
floor, trickles on the breeze that drifts through the house from room to
room.  The soft, almost chilly kind of breeze that only blows at night.  I
should probably get another blanket out of the hall closet, but if I get up
I fear the current of voices will cease, and the house will fall quiet
again.  I suppose it's not so cold that I'll freeze, and I can always get
another blanket later.  For now I think I'd like to lie here and listen.
For now I just want to sink into that sound and quietly drift away.

They were surprised to see me tonight.  They thought I had to work late
again, so they forgot to set a plate for me at dinner.  Sasami apologized
and made the ladies scoot over, but I politely declined.  The poor thing
looked like she was going to cry, so I asked her if I could just take a
plate to my room.  I told them I had a project to work on,  and that I would
be working on it all night.  I told them I was sorry.

Actually I just finished a project, a major one in fact.  I've spent the
last ten days working nearly non-stop on a new shopping complex for
downtown, pausing only to sleep and eat.  I have a little loft apartment
that's half a block from the office, but most times I just fall asleep at my
table.  For ten nights I slept at my table, and now my back is killing me.
My secretary forced me to go home every two or three days.  "Go get some
sleep," she said, or, "go home and take a break."  Break?  I can't take a
break, I don't have time for breaks.  The client doesn't have time for
breaks, therefore neither do I.  I went back to the apartment to shower, and
then I would sneak right back into the office and work for four or five more
hours before passing out.  The deadline doesn't take a break.  The public
doesn't take a break.  If I take a break, then my clients only see a
slacker.  They don't see professionalism.  I can't take a break, so I just
keep working.

Now I'm home.  I finished the project two days ahead of schedule.  The
clients always love it when you finish ahead of time.  Normally I project
our finish date two or three days past when we would be done just to make
the firm look good.  That policy makes us one of the top architectural firms
in the country, and the top dog never gets a break.  Gotta keep pushing that
envelope, gotta keep that dog from slipping.  If I fall, I lose the bone,
and then I have nothing.  My family has nothing.

There was a time when I would try to finish my work as fast as I could so I
could get home to my family.  There was a time when all I could dream of was
my family, and the future before us was what fired that dream.  My wife, my
son… for them I worked like a fiend.  For them I was willing to move
mountains.  There was nothing that I wouldn't do, nothing I couldn't do.
When I came through with the impossible her eyes would shine so bright, so
happily.  She knew why I would push myself, and she was always supportive of
my efforts.

Sorry hon, I've got to work late.  I'll be home soon, just wrap up my dinner
and put it in the microwave.

Sorry honey, the deadline is tomorrow, so I've got to stay overnight.  We'll
do something this weekend though, I promise.

I know what I said, but if I don't get this done this week, we'll lose our
account.  I promise you we'll take that vacation as soon as I finish this
job.

I love you.  I'll see you tonight.

I love you honey.  I won't be home until tomorrow.

I love you.  I'll be home as soon as I can.

We had so much time… I had so much time.  We could get by, we both knew we
could.  We were young, and these were our working years.  I wanted her to
have everything I could give her.  I wanted her to be comfortable.  I wanted
our family to be raised in a nice home, and to have nice things.  I wanted
things to be perfect.

I didn't even notice she was sick until I came home and found her passed out
on the kitchen floor.

I took three months off.  Work didn't mind, in fact they encouraged it.  "Go
home!  Take a break!  Don't let yourself get burned out…and make sure you
come back to us real soon!"  They let me have my vacation time so I could
care for my ailing wife.

Suddenly I was able to spend time with her again, in fact I saw her
constantly.  I saw her clutch the banister for support when she would go
down the stairs.  I saw her cough so hard that blood would trickle down her
chin.  I saw her get smaller and smaller, and the whole time there was
nothing I could do but hold her hand and tell her that everything would be
okay.  That's what you're supposed to do when there's nothing you can do.
You say everything will be okay, and the other person believes you because
they're in love with you and because you've always come through, you've
never let them down.  You say everything will be okay, therefore everything
will be okay.  It's as simple as that.

And then the doctors tell you there's nothing more that they can do for her.

And then you have to usher your son out of the room so you can say goodbye.

And then you look down and see her tiny hand struggling to wrap around
yours, and you hear her say she loves you.

And then you hear her tell you everything will be okay.

And then she closes her eyes, and you cry longer and harder than you've ever
cried in your entire life.

And then you have to look her father in the eye and tell him that his
daughter has gone to sleep and won't be waking up.

…

…And then you sit down and tell your son the single most horrible thing
he's ever heard in his entire life.

When she died, I didn't know what do.  Everything wasn't okay.  Everything
would never be okay.  How could it be?  She was gone, and we were alone.  I
couldn't understand it, in fact I refused to.  I didn't want to.  I wanted
to hate someone.  I wanted to take this whole mess and just stick it to one
person and say, "you!  You're the reason this happened!  This is all your
fault!"  I wanted to just smash every single thing in the house and scream
at the top of my lungs.  I wanted an answer to a question that only a child
should be asking, and I couldn't bring myself to answer no matter how many
times I tried.

Father thought I would turn to alcoholism, but surprisingly I really didn't
drink all that much.  Instead I just threw myself into my work like never
before.  Suddenly I was back from vacation and ready to hit the charts with
a fury the office had never seen.  "We thought you would be gone for three
months," they would say.  I told them I thought I would be gone for three
months, too.  I thought she would simply get better and then we would
finally take a vacation together, just the three of us.  I thought I would
finally get to spend some time with my family.

Instead, I spent five weeks refusing to believe my wife would die.

Three-week projects would be finished in six days.  A two-month contract was
completed in five weeks.  Our firm was quickly elevated to God status
because one of their employees had discovered that projects could be
finished in record time if he forewent sleeping and eating.  Oh, not going
home for weeks at a time also helped.  I was a monster, a machine with a
pencil in my hand.  I worked until my fingers blistered and bled, until my
eyes blurred shut.  I worked until my shirt would turn a light shade of
yellow, and my fingernails needed to be bitten off.  I worked like a mad
man.

I worked for an entire year before I finally stopped to take a breath.

I didn't really work for an entire year.  Once in awhile I would sneak home
to check on our son or to visit her grave.  Sometimes my back protested
enough for me to climb into our bed and try to ignore the empty space beside
me.  Sometimes my hunger drove me to sit at the dining room table with a
bowl of cereal and wonder why the chair across from me was always empty.
Sometimes…

Sometimes I remembered why I felt like I hadn't spent enough time with her,
and I just needed to get out of that goddamned office as fast as I could.

Time passes, as time tends to do.  The pain of her passing gradually
lessened to a dull numbness, and our son eventually grew into the man he is
today.  I completed our house, and now we have many nice things.  My family
lives under a good roof and has more than enough to get by.  We have
everything I promised her we would have, and because of that I miss her more
than ever.

At least now our house isn't empty.  When the girls fell to earth and into
our lives, it was like our world had suddenly exploded.  Suddenly our house
was alive again with noise and activity, and people constantly scurrying
about.  Suddenly our son has become a man, and a prince to boot!  I've heard
the girls talking about their adventures, and how he has saved their lives
time and again.  I hear Sasami and Ryoko and Aeka all lament about their
travels, and I hear the happiness in their voices.  I hear all this, and
sometimes it makes me cry even harder.

I am happy for my son.  He will never be lonely and will always have his
friends… his family to keep him safe.  He has an awful lot of
responsibility coming his way, but I think he can handle it.  He's always
been stronger than me when it comes to things like that.  He's got his
mother's steel inside him, and that will stay with him for the rest of his
life.  He has a family now, and a huge one at that.  He will never be lonely
or left alone.  He will never know what it's like to live in a quiet house
and lie awake at night reminiscing about happier times.  I am happy for my
son, and because of that I cry.

I cry because I know that he finally has what he's always wanted in life…
what he's always needed.  He has a family.  He has people who will always be
there and who will always love him, no matter what.  He has people he can
depend upon.

I cry because these things, these simple, trivial things were too much for
me to provide.

I should have been there.  I should have said to Hell with work and spent
more time with her… with both of them.  I should have taken more walks and
seen more sunrises and done more cuddling and gotten more blankets out of
the closet when we were cold.  I should have piled so many on top of us that
we would be forced to snuggle for the rest of our lives.  I should have
taken more picnics and played more catch and slept in more Sundays and…

I should have been a husband.

I should have been a goddamned father.

…

I came home early tonight.  I didn't even think about the fact that everyone
would be awake and home.  I didn't think about how bright and noisy and
how… comfortable everything would be.  I walked in the door, got my plate
of food, thanked Sasami and ran to my room as fast as I could.  I couldn't
face my son now that he has what I couldn't give him.

I know he doesn't blame me.  I know he doesn't have a resentful bone in his
body.  I know that right now he's happier than he has ever been in his
entire life.  I know that in a heartbeat he would let me join them… that
all of them would let me join them.  I know they see me, as well as each
other, as family.  I know this, but I still hide.  I hide because somewhere
in the back of my mind a little voice says I don't deserve a family.  I let
one slip away already, and I shouldn't be so greedy.  It's just a stupid,
tiny little voice… but sometimes I swear it can get so loud I could
scream.

Maybe someday I'll be strong enough to accept that things are the way they
are, and that the past can't be changed.  Maybe someday I'll finally let
them love me without feeling guilty.

The sounds downstairs continue to trickle throughout the house, washing over
me as I lie under my sheets.  Soon they'll get tired and go off to bed, one
by one.  Soon the soft murmurs will end, and our house will be quiet once
again.  Only then will I get up and fetch the extra blankets from the
closet.  Only when there are no more sounds left to hear.

I wish you could have heard them, Achika.

***

For Sivus, and all the times he would be there with an encouraging word.

***

Hey, I'm hosting a national Anime convention this November!  C-Kon 2002 will
be held November 15th-17th at the Indianapolis Marriott East in
Indianapolis, Indiana.  For more, check out www.Ckon2002.com.  Details are
being posted as information pours in.  It's gonna rock, folks.

A special thank you to Kawaiikune, Rowsdower and Evil Asian Genius for
looking this story over beforehand.

Tenchi & Co. belong to AIC, TV Tokyo and Pioneer

All C&C should head towards BGlanders@aol.com