Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)
******************************************************************************

The group ran to Makido's ship "Zyklon" as fast as they could in hopes of
catching up to Jynx. Mihoshi still horrified by Makido's death ran but was
almost totally phased out. Her eyes were glazed over and all she could think

of is how she killed Makido. She watched his body burn and the blood flow
from his back. The images replayed over and over in her head. How could she
have done such a thing? All he wanted to do was see. To be more normal. She
took his dream as well as his life. About half way to the ship she couldn't
go any further and dropped to her knees sobbing into her hands. It was
overwhelming. When Kiyone realized that Mihoshi was sitting in the hall like

a little child with a skinned knee. Kiyone had no idea what to do. Should
she
leave her friend and partner to consul herself or go to her and give her a
shoulder to cry on? She stopped and stared at her. Sasami walked to Kiyone
slowly and tugged her shirt a littl! ! e to get her attention.

"Kiyone...you should go talk to Mihoshi."

"Yeah, I think your right."

Kiyone walked slowly to Mihoshi and kneeled in front of her and grabbed her
shoulders.

"Mihoshi.....are you alright?"

"Kiyone......I killed Makido!"

"Mihoshi, you did what you had to do. He would of killed us if you didn't
kill him. Beside he sad that you did the right thing."

"Yeah? Yeah he did."

"C'mon Mihoshi....if you want to sit this fight out we understand."

"No, no. You c-can count on me Kiyone."

Kiyone smiled and helped Mihoshi to her feet. They joined their friends at
the Zyklon and got ready to go.

"Hey, are we sure this'll work?"

"No Ryoko we don't but we don't have much choice."

The ship roared and sped off as fast as it could, tracking Jynx it started
to
fly straight for the ship graveyard. As they entered no problems occurred.
The engines started to grind a little but that as just a speed shift. As
soon
as Zyklon was half was out of the graveyard it kicked up the boosters by it
self and it's speed was twice of Yugami's and at least four times faster
than
Ryo-ohki. An image appeared in front of them and Jynx stood in his ship with

his head to the ground.

"Makido, nice to see your alright. I know you didn't want to kill Mihoshi or

even hurt her but.... what? Where's Makido? How did you get in his ship?!"

Ryoko walked towards the screen with a smile on her face.

"Well Jynx, we killed him. Your little friend's dead. And he gave us the
ship
and your location."

"What?"

"His body burned and all we did was laugh."

"Impossible, his jacket is fireproof.  He can't burn.....wait, of course.
That bastard! You got lucky he sent a machine after you!"

"What? A machine?"

A cold hand fell on Mihoshi's shoulder. She let out a scream and turned
sharply and fainted.

"Woah. Mihoshi, wake up."

Kiyone quickly drew her gun and aimed straight for Makido's head.

"Freeze! Let her go!"

"She'll fall."

Makido laid Mihoshi on her back gently on the floor and raised his hands.

"Wanna give you an explanation?"

"Fine."

"I built the robot a long time ago just incase a situation like this ever
came up. I programmed it to lose but still put up a fight."

"And the gun?"

"That's mine, thank you."

"The gun design is just found in my family. How'd you get it?"

"Guess?"

"We're not related."

Makido smiled and mouthed the word sister and Kiyone started to stumble
backwards.

"Wait a second. Why aren't you wearing your sunglasses?"

"Because......I can see now."

Ayeka didn't believe a word he was saying. She thought I was magic that kept

him alive and that he was never blind. She thought he was lying through his
teeth and was just trying to trick them. She sprung forward with her
naginata
and stopped it right before it hit his throat.

"Your lying! You'll kill us first time we turn our backs."

"...........Do you plan on doing anything in particular with that weapon?"

"Ayeka don't."

"No, go ahead, cut my head off. Go for it."

Makido showed no fear as the blade trembled at his neck.

"Ayeka......don't!"

"Sasami, be quiet. We can't trust him."

"Yes we can."

Ayeka eased the naginata a little then pulled back for a power swing. The
blade seemed to cut the air in two then sunk into Makido's neck. Ayeka
wiggled the spear like weapon a little in an attempt to free it. Blood
covered the blade and Makido acted as if nothing happened. Ayeka loked in
his
eyes and froze in terror.

".......Wanna try again?"

Ayeka screamed and ran to Tenchi as Makido ripped the blade from his neck.

"Nice......"

"Makido.........."

"Mihoshi......"

Makido walked over to the emotionally distraught officer and stood a few
feet
from her with doubt and sorrow in his eyes. A sign of fear was heard in his
voice as he slowly and quietly spoke to her.

"......we're..we're never going to be together are we?"

".....no."

Neither one was happy with her answer but they both knew that it was the
right answer. Not wanting to bear the pain anymore Makido turned to Kiyone
and Tenchi.

"Listen, Jynx is going to the galactic police academy next. I know he think
if he gets rid of the next few generations of officers he'll job will be a
lot easier. He's probably right."

Kiyone turned back to the controls but they wouldn't budge.

"Hey! What's wrong with your ship?"

"What time is it? From 11 p.m. Earth time to 5 a.m. Earth time the ship is
shut down. Use the pad to set coordinates for Earth and it'll fly there but
weapons still have to be manually operated."

"Why?"

"Why what? Weapons aren't sensitive to movement. If they we're it'd shoot
any
ship that passed. It shuts down so I can sleep. Don't worry about it. Go to
sleep and the ship will take care of the rest."

".....................I-I don't know. Ugh, I might as well. Ok everybody I
think Makido is right. A little rest will do us good."

"There are 3 extra rooms down the main hall. If anything happens I'll take
care of it ok."

Everyone reluctantly retired to their rooms. Kiyone and Mihoshi shared the
room closest to the ship's controls, Sasami and Ayeka took the room across
from Makido and Ryoko tried to share a room with Tenchi but she took
Makido's
and he slept on a bench on the bridge. Early in the morning Sasami and Ryoko

were awoken by the faint sound of carving, the breaking of bones, the
spilling of blood and a soft, insane laughter. The first thing they did was
of course make sure Tenchi was alright. Then they checked of Kiyone and
Mihoshi and no one was hurt at all and they all seemed to be sleeping quite
comfortably. When they realized that Ayeka wasn't there Sasami became
concerned so they went to the bridge to see Makido on the bench with Ayeka
on
her knees at the side of the bench feverishly working her hands. Ryoko had
to
hold her laughter. The thought of Ayeka preforming sexual acts on a man who
wasn't Tenchi was to much. What with a! ! ll her talks and speeches of her
undying love and all. Sasami was again the first to say something.

"Ayeka...what are you doing?"

The next thing they knew a knife dropped to the floor. When Ayeka turned
around her hands and shirt were drenched in blood. Ryoko and Sasami's eyes
filled with disgust and fear. Sasami almost started to vomit.

"It's not-Sasami....."

"Oh my god!"

Sasami ran to Tenchi's room for protection but Ryoko just stood there
staring
at Ayeka's hands.

"Ayeka...you got some problems."

"No, he would have killed us first! I just saved us all. We couldn't trust
him."

Tenchi walked in the bridge with Sasami clutching his waist form behind
hiding form Ayeka.

"Aahhhh Ayeka what are you doing?"

"Tenchi! I-I can explain."

Tenchi's scream woke up Kiyone but of course not Mihoshi. Her reaction was
the same as everyone else's. After a little bit of confusion Ayeka was put
on
the spot. Then a faint voice was heard.

"Huh? Why is everyone on the bridge, get some sleep will ya?"

Makido started to sit up and saw the blood form his stomach, neck and chest
that was now covering the floor around him and the bench.

"You know this is so gonna stain my sheets. G back to sleep. Or at least let

me sleep."

They were amazed to say the least. He acted as if nothing at all happened.
The blood from Ayeka's hands and shirt was dripping on the cold floor
slowly.
Their was a cold silence. Everyone then went to sleep except for Tenchi,
Sasami and Ayeka. Tenchi let Sasami stay with him, what with the
circumstances and all but neither could get over what just happened. Neither

could understand how or why Ayeka was acting so brutal. Ayeka took a quick
bath to try to wash the red liquid off her hands and arms. Makido was right.

It wasn't easy to get off. She laid in her bed afraid to go to sleep. Afraid

of what would happen when she woke up. Eventually everyone did fall back to
sleep. The next morning everyone except Ayeka and Makido went to the mess
hall for a quick bite to eat. Ayeka was still in her room but Makido was
going through boxes in his room. He pulled a first aid kit out of one of the

boxes. He cleaned up a little blood from h! ! is body and sewed himself up.
He
took a quick bath and changed for a new day. When he joined everyone else
there was another cold silence. No one knew how to think or speak about/to
him and Ayeka anymore.

"Um, Makido. I'm really sorry for what Ayeka did last night. Please don't
think all of our people are like that."

"Hey, don't sweat the small stuff and don't worry I've been to Jurai a few
times. I know hoe the people are."

Mihoshi became wide eyed. She was asleep when everything happened so she
didn't know what happened.

"What? What did Ayeka do? Something bad?"

"She stained my sheets. That's all."

No one said anything else. They knew he didn't want to concern Mihoshi with
what happened. Makido, Mihoshi and Kiyone went to the bridge and started the

ship up. Kiyone leaned over to Makido and whispered into his ear.

"I don't get it, why didn't you tell her?"

"She'd too much like a child. Sometimes I think Sasami is more adult. I
don't
think she'd be able to understand what happened. Be that as it may I know
she
wouldn't really understand why or a lot of things for that matter, but..I
still love her."

"You know about me and Jynx don't you?"

"Yes but I didn't want to make any mention of it."

".....thanks."

The ship wasted no time on finding Jynx's ship. The "Zyklon" soon landed
next
to Jynx's "Scarecrow" and the group filed out to confront Jynx......

-The End
