Subject: DO NOT ADD TEXT BETWEEN STARS. THATS FIC INFO
Date: Tue, 19 Dec 2000 16:23:07 EST
From: Neoburnr@aol.com
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)
******************************************************************************

>A quick note form F.T.W.<
What up sons of fucking bitches? Now I know I've used words like daisho and
stuff like that before and no one knows what that means. Well, a daisho is
sword set of a katana and a wakazashi. I plan on using a lot of old school
terms later so if you don't know what they mean go to www.swords.com and
visit the terms section and look ‘em up. Oh and I hope I don't offend
anyone
with this story, not like I really care or anything as a matter of fact, I
don't give a fuck!

The day began like most every day in Tokyo for Tenchi. Does the usual
"wake-up" stuff and then Sakuya come's over and they go off to school.
Arriving at school was the same, classes were the same. Lunch was the same.
Everything was going as usual. At their class after lunch a new student
arrived. He was tall and seemed to be of average build. He wore the usual
school clothes but carried a short cane and donned a long black jacket and a

backpack. He walked over to the teacher and handed him a note. The teacher
and student talked a little and he took his seat. Out of his backpack he
pulled out a small piece of cardboard and a piece of paper. He turned the
piece of paper over and laid it on the cardboard. He pulled out a small
stick
like devise and started to tap the paper as the teacher spoke. Even though
he
wasn't a genius Tenchi knew that the new student was obviously blind and
also
had a slight limp. At the end of school much to Tenchi's surprise Sakuya
didn't meet him to walk home but instead walked with the new student. Tenchi

went over to join her when he saw her. From a little bit away he could hear
in on their conversation.

"How's your leg?"

"Well, it's been doing better."

"Oh, it must have been so much fun to travel so much."

"It was alright, I'd rather be here but it was alright."

Tenchi joined up with Sakuya as they were turning a corner. For being blind
he turned the corner and walked the street like he could see.

"Uh, hi Sakuya."

"Oh Tenchi hi. This is Makido."

"Hi Makido. I'm Tenchi."

"Hello. How are you?"

"Fine. And yourself?"

"I'm doing alright."

"Mikado is it alright if I show Tenchi your drawings?"

"Sure."

Makido reached into his bag and drew out a small sketch book and handed it
to
Sakuya. As he reached into his bag Tenchi saw he had a rather large gun
under
his jacket. Sakuya took the book and started to flip pages and show Tenchi
drawings.

"See Tenchi."

She moved close to Tenchi and started to speak very softly.

"He can't see but he still drew these."

She flipped to a picture of her face. It was very good and almost exact.

"Wow, How'd he do that?"

"He touched my face and felt out the curves or something and just drew it.
It's good isn't it?"

"Um, Makido if you don't mind what happened to you? I mean like were you
born
blind and limping?"

"Nope, well I was born blind and I was shot in the leg."

"Is that why you carry that gun?"

Sakuya looked at Tenchi with a cold look in her eyes and then looked back
for
Makido's reaction. Makido just patted his coat where the gun was held.

"No, I just keep it. No real reason."

"Can you use it?"

"Of course. I don't like too so a keep a sword with me."

He look his cane in both hands and pulled the handle up and connected to
that
was a katana sword.

"Your not some kind of thug are you?"

Sakuya was starting to get angry at Tenchi but Makido just laughed.

"No, actually I'm not a violent person but some people think they can mug me

or trick me or something because I can't see."

"Well it would make sense."

"Yeah but my hearing has become so acute that I don't need my eyes. I can
tell there people are who's who all sorts of things. Well this is my place.
See you both later."

"Bye Makido. Nice meeting you."

"Oh you too Tenchi."

"Makido wait."

Sakuya started to join Makido up the stairs.

"I'm sorry Makido but Tenchi's usually real nice."

"No problem. Not like anything he said offended me or anything."

Sakuya hugged him and went back to Tenchi and started to walk back to their
homes. In Makido's home however he collapsed as soon as he entered his bed
room.  The rest of the day drew to a close and Makido was still unconscious
on the floor. As it became night a young man knocked on his door and when he

realized that the door was not only unlocked but open just a bit he busted
in
to find Makido. He was quickly rushed to a hospital and almost a full day
passed since he woke up. When he did he heard the sounds of someone writing.

He thought that he most have fallen asleep in school and dreamt everything
after. A soft voice called out to him.

"Hello? Are you alright?"

"Where am I? I don't recognize your voice."

"Well, for starters I'm doctor Johnson but you can just call me Echo."

"Why? Am I in a hospital?"

"Because I don't like formalities and yes you are. You were found knocked
out
in your apartment."

"Who brought me here?"

"A young man, I think his name was Jeremy."

"Jeremy? Jurai?"

"I'm not sure. You did have some visitors. A lot of kids I think form the
high school."

"Yeah their some classmates who haven't seen me in a awhile."

"Ok, well I have some good news and some bad news."

"Well let's get the bad news out of the way."

"Your eyes are horribly damaged and you won't be able to see again and it
seems that your very sick."

"Heh, well I know I'm blind. I was born that way. What's the good news?"

"We found a piece of metal in your leg during x-rays. It was a rather large
bullet but we pulled it out. You may limp for a week or so but after that
you'll be fine."

"Ok, well so far you haven't told me anything new. I was born blind, I knew
about the bullet for almost 3 years and that it could be removed. I do limp
because of it but it doesn't bother me. I know I'm sick but....I don't know
why or with what."

"Well to be honest it's pretty bad. It's lead poisoning and that's what may
have caused you to pass out. If you got here a few hours later you'd be
dead.
It's curable but it I don't think it will interfere with your life anymore."

"Wait, what time is it?"

"About 9 why?"

"Oh man, how soon can I get outta here?"

"As soon as you get dressed and sign a few forms."

"Ok, I'm blind I can't sign forms."

"Well we can have someone fill them out for you."

"Ok great. What's the bill?"

"100 yen. Look why are in such a hurry?"

"I'm supposed to meet some people at 9:30"

"You do know that you've been out for almost a day right?"

"Ugh, no."

"Listen you have a visitor."

"Hey Makido. When you leaving?"

"Yoshida. As soon as I fill a few forms out."

"Cool. You ready? I'll give you a lift back to your place."

"Yeah thanks."

Makido and Yoshida went out and got the forms and everything done so Makido
could leave and got in Yoshida's car.

"Actually, where are we like what part of town?"

"The shinny street."

"Alright, know what can you drop me off here?"

"Yeah sure. Why?"

"Been in bed for a whole day right? Need to get out and see the town."

"Alright. Mind if I hang out with ya?"

"Sure."

Makido and Yoshida walked around the town not doing anything really. Not
checking any places out, just walking. Eventually They "bumped" into Tenchi
and Sakuya.

"Hi Makido, hi Yoshida."

"Hi Tenchi."

"Hey."

Yoshida and Makido started on their way when Makido felt a hard tug on his
arm. He first reaction was grabbing his gun out of his coat and pointing at
the breathing sound of the person who tugged at him.

"Makido calm down! Everyone was so worried when they heard you were knocked
out on your first day back."

"So I heard."

"Are you alright?"

"Yeah I'm fine."

"What happened anyway?"

"Doctor says lead poisoning from my leg. They pulled out the bullet and said

I'll lose my limp a week."

"Wow that's great."

"So what are you 2 doing?"

"Just walking around the town. How ‘bout you?"

"Same, had to do something after being out cold for a day right."

"Wanna walk with us?"

"Doesn't bother me, but it's really up to Yoshida."

"Fine with me."

The 4 teens walked around the street talking and laughing for a what seemed
like only a few seconds but was actually a few hours. Eventually they walked

into the town midway. It seemed like the booths of game went on forever,
like
an all year round carnival.

"Hey Makido, a shooting range! Wanna give it a go? I picked up some skills
since you've been gone."

"Is that a challenge?"

"You bet."

"Alright!"

They all went to the range and set up for the game. The game started and the

guns went blazing. Of course Makido won and of course Tenchi was stunned but

in a good way.

"Hu, that's what I'm talkin' about. Man it's been so long since I've drawn a

gun. Almost how natural it felt."

"Hey Makido have you ever tried to join the galactic police. With skills
like
that your sure to climb up the ranks fast."

"Yeah, I've tried but they always say I'm dangerous with a gun and they
can't
trust me not to shot an officer instead of a crook since I can't see ‘em."

"Well if it helps I have some friends in the police. Ranked high too. They
could probably put in a good word for you if they saw you shoot."

"No thanks. I don't think I know you well enough to be asking for favors."

"Um..OK but you change your mind let me know."

"Ok."

"Hey Tenchi it's gettin' kinda late. I'm gonna head home. Will you walk me
there?"

"Sure. See you guys later."

"See ya."

"Yeah see ya."

The next day was Saturday and school was out. Makido usually spent his days
off school at a gun range or watching a Shinai Tournament but he decided to
just find a patch of grass in the park and just lay around all day. The warm

sun was nice and he almost fell asleep.

"Hey Makido. Wake up."

"Huh? Jeremy?!"

Makido quickly jumped up and drew his sword.

"What do'ya want Jeremy?"

"I wanna talk to ya. Put your sword away I have no beef with you anymore.
However I do have a business proposition for you........."

The day ended and came like it always came and Makido for an entire day and
night laid in the grass thinking about what Jynx said to him. Should he?
Could he? The questions raced in his mind like a spiders web entangling him
in the words spoken to him. Almost a week went by and he didn't go to
school.
He just went home or to the park. Was it worth it? He could die. However his

greatest dream could also be fulfilled. Yes, he'd go through it. It didn't
feel right for some reason but he had a month to put feelings aside. It was
Saturday again and he was becoming very nervous. He took a short walk to the

midway to hit the shooting range and of course smoked that bitch.

"Wow! Your good."

"Um, thank you."

"Are you blind?"

"Yup."

"Mihoshi! Don't be so rude! This is our last day off, try not to embarace
me!
Oh, sorry about that."

"No problem."

Makido continued to load his gun and shoot down the targets with the same
accuracy that he's always had.

"Um, excuse me did you say you were blind?"

"Yes."

"Like totally blind or legally blind."

"Totally."

"Wow that is good. My name is Kiyone and this is Mihoshi."

"Nice to meet you both. I'm Makido."

"Kiyone! Mihoshi! How are you?"

"Hi Tenchi. Were fine just watching this guy shoot."

"Oh Hi Makido."

"Hello."

"Um, these are the friends I was telling you about."

"The officers? Alright."

"So you've seen him shoot? Tell me Kiyone isn't he a natural for the
galactic
police?"

"I'd say so."

"Don't waste your breath, I'm leaving again in a month. To be honest the
odds
of my coming back are slim to nil."

"Why? Where are you going?"

"Jurai. Got a job."

"What kind of job?"

"Bodyguard."

"Kiyone look at what I won!"

Mihoshi came running up to Kiyone to show her a plush Cabbit doll and in the

process almost plowed Makido. While he was shooting she almost totally
tackled him. He swung his arm down unto the gun barrel and still hit the
target.

"Uh..sorry."

"It's alright."

"Wow you hit the target."

"Always do. Would any of you have the time?"

"2:10"

"Thanks, guess I'll be seein' ya ‘round. Later."

Like always he passed through the crowd just like a seeing man would, he
went
back to the park and found a patch of grass again and laid back down.
Wrapped
as usual in curiosity Mihoshi followed him to the park. When she found him
she was almost taken away be the way he did things.

"Yes?"

"Do you mind if I sit here?"

"Feel free."

"Hey how do you walk around and stuff?"

"I hear everything so I know where people are. Only problem I got is when I
have to turn corners."

"Oh, were you born blind?"

"Yes, I was born blind, wish I wasn't but I was."

"I'm sorry. Hey you wanna come with me and Kiyone?"

"Um, no thanks, I'm kinda partial to just lying in the grass and falling
asleep."

"Yeah, I know. Yaaahhhhh"

Mihoshi began to get a little sleepy. Ok really sleepy.

"Is it Ok if I lay down?"

She didn't seem to notice that Makido had fallen asleep. Instead of falling
asleep she just sat there staring at him. No real reason she just did. There

was something about him that made him stick in her mind. She shifted a
little
and fell asleep next to him in the grass. A few hours passed and Kiyone and
Tenchi were walking around trying to find Mihoshi.  Being so much like a
little child she did tend to wonder off and get lost. When they did come
across her they found her of course passed out on the patch of grass with
her
arm draped over Makido. They were both still asleep so Tenchi and Kiyone
left
them alone. When they woke up Mihoshi was naturally hungry.

"Oh, I'm starving?"

"Wanna get something to eat?"

Mihoshi hadn't even noticed Makido woke up.

"Yeah!"

"Ok, I know a nice little bistro right around
