I don't own Tenchi Muyo, any of the characters or any of Washu's crazy 
inventions for that matter. I'm not exactly sure who owns them but I know 
that it's distributed in the U.S. by Pioneer. This fanfic is written without 
the consent of aforementioned owners and yadda yadda yadda.

Note: Despite the appearance of Kiyone and the Ultra Energy Matter this fic 
is not based on the Mihoshi Special. Nor is it based on Tenchi Universe. 
Rather, think of it as a twisted version of the OVAs.



Black Ops Assassin Mihoshi

Part Two: Kiyone


Within the Galaxy Police's Seventh Head Quarter's main hangar Kiyone was 
checking Yagami's exterior hull plating for the departure final pre-check 
when a familiar voice spoke up from behind her.

"Hiya, Kiyone! What's up?"

Kiyone spun around to face someone she hadn't seen in years. "Mihoshi!" she 
blurted out, almost too shocked for words.

Mihoshi grinned at her ex-partner and offered a small wave. "Long time no 
see, huh, Kiyone?" The blonde looked the Yagami over. "Nice ship you have 
here."

"What are you *doing* here!?" Kiyone demanded.

"Why, I just wanted to see you of course," Mihoshi answered with a huge 
smile plastered across her face. "You're really looking good, Kiyone."

Kiyone was about spit out a nasty retort when Mihoshi threw her arms around 
the teal haired Detective First Class.

"Kiyone, I really missed you!" The blonde bombshell nuzzled Kiyone's cheek 
with her own.

It took a heroic effort on Kiyone's part but she finally managed to pry 
herself out of Mihoshi's grip. "We need to talk. Inside the ship." The dark 
haired detective pointed at Yagami's entry ramp.

"If you say so." Mihoshi looked at Kiyone doubtfully but followed her meekly 
into the Yagami.

Once inside the airlock Kiyone waited until the hatch closed and then 
rounded on Mihoshi. "Okay, you better have one HELL of a good reason to be 
here, Mihoshi!"

"What do you mean? I already told you that I just wanted..."

"This ship is secure so you can drop the dumb blonde act," Kiyone said 
tersely.

The confused and hurt look on Mihoshi's face was quickly replaced by a more 
unreadable expression. "I see, so much for the warm welcome."

"Why are you here?" Kiyone asked, the threat was clear that Mihoshi had 
better have a good answer. "You're supposed to be on Earth right now seeing 
to the safety of Jurai."

Inwardly Mihoshi rejoiced. She had been right about Kiyone after all. {How 
very stupid, Grandfather. Using Kiyone of all people to do your dirty work.}

"Unfortunately, plans have changed," Mihoshi told her ex-partner.

"Changed?" Kiyone asked. "How have they changed?"

"I think I'll let the Marshal answer that," Mihoshi answered as she pulled a 
data disk from a jacket pocket. "This will answer all your questions."

Kiyone grabbed the disk from Mihoshi and stalked into the Yagami's small 
bridge where she inserted the disk into the main terminal's reader.

"The code you'll need is..."

"I know what it is!" Kiyone snapped as her fingers flew across the keyboard.

"But, how can you know?" Mihoshi asked. "That's supposed to be..."

"No Black Operative would last very long if he or she only knew what they 
were supposed to know," Kiyone replied. "Do I look like a fool to you?"

"No, of course not," Mihoshi said. The blonde assassin looked down at the 
floor. "I'm sorry, Kiyone."

Kiyone turned and looked at Mihoshi. "Look, it's no big de.... ARGH! There 
you go again, stop it!"

"Huh?"

"Stop with the innocent ditz act!" the teal haired Galaxy Police assassin 
demanded. "If you think that the dumb blonde act is a great cover for being 
an assassin then that's fine by me. But DON'T use the act on me!"

Kiyone turned back to the terminal and entered a few more keystrokes.

The screen above the terminal came to life. The Marshal's face looked out at 
the two Black Ops assassins.

"Ah, Kiyone. I'm sure you're wondering why the mission profile has suddenly 
changed. Unfortunately our employer has gotten very nervous about the 
success of the mission. On top of that he has made it clear that the primary 
and secondary targets are to be terminated simultaneously. As this presents 
a serious complication in our plans it is neccesary for you two to work 
together.

I don't like this, as I'm sure that you don't either. I would have much 
rather kept you as an emergency back-up. However, this is the hand we've 
been dealt, one does not argue with our employer. Not if one wished to keep 
his or her good health. In any event, I'm sure that you can work together to 
bring this operation to a successful conclusion.

Also, even though it goes without saying, the safety of our employer's 
children are of the highest priority. I wouldn't have insulted you by 
mentioning it but our employer was insistent.

Good luck, Kiyone."

The screen went blank.

"That's great," Kiyone grumbled. "He didn't even bother to come up with a 
plan for us. Just tosses it in our lap and says, "Here you go." How 
thoughtful."

Mihoshi favored Kiyone with a look of contempt. "If you can't even figure 
out how to do a simple assassination then you are certainly in the wrong 
branch of the Galaxy Police."

"What's simple about this!?" Kiyone snapped. "We're supposed to assassinate 
a prince of Jurai as well as the galaxy's most dangerous space pirate and 
the universe's foremost scientific genius while making sure that the other 
three members of the Royal Family come to no harm. And if we fail then you 
can expect to earn the wrath of Asuza. Simple indeed!"

"Ok, maybe not simple but it's doable," Mihoshi said. "And there are the two 
of us to do it which is a big advantage."

"So, you have a plan then?" Kiyone asked.

"As a matter of fact, I do," Mihoshi replied.




Mihoshi sat on the bridge of Yukinojo as she watched the stars slip by.

"Ok, I slaved the Yagami to Yukinojo's controls," came Kiyone's voice over 
the comm. "I'll transport over now."

A moment later Kiyone appeared on the bridge with her control cube in hand.

"So, let's go over this ingenius plan of yours, Mihoshi," Kiyone said.

"Of course," the blonde replied. "It's very straight forward. When we reach 
the Earth we'll take Yukinojo's shuttle down to the Masaki house. Using a 
bit of subterfuge you'll bring Prince Yosho, Princess Ayeka and Princess 
Sasami back to Yukinojo and I'll stay behind to assassinate Tenchi, Washu 
and Ryoko."

"Subterfuge?"

"Yes, we'll tell them that..." Mihoshi trailed off as she thought about how 
they would pry the three from the rest of the group. "Ah! We'll tell them 
that they need to be inoculated from ... damn! Washu would see through that 
in a second."

Kiyone gave Mihoshi a look that very plainly said, "I thought *you* were 
supposed to be a genius."

"Ah, I got it! We'll say that Asuza has a message for the three of them and 
that they need to board Yukinojo to talk to him." Mihoshi stuck her tongue 
out at Kiyone.

"And if they insist on doing it groundside?" Kiyone asked. "Doesn't Washu 
have a lab that could easily do the trick?"

"We'll tell them that the King insisted it was for their eyes only and that 
they talk to him on Yukinojo," Mihoshi replied.

"Well...."

"If you have a better idea then let's hear it," the blonde bombshell said.

"Do you really think it will work?" Kiyone asked.

"Sure, I've been living with them for a while and they trust me," Mihoshi 
answered. "Besides, do I look like assassin to you?"

"Okay, now how do you plan on taking out all three targets at once?" Kiyone 
asked her partner in crime.

"Ah, that's the easy part," Mihoshi said.

"Easy?"

"Yup, ever heard of something called Ultra Energy Matter?" the blonde asked.

"Yeah, I remember something about large quantities of the stuff was stolen a 
few years back," Kiyone said. "I believe the case was never solved. What 
about it?"

"The case was never solved because the Marshal didn't want it to be solved," 
Mihoshi said. "Besides, it would have looked bad for the Galaxy Police to 
get caught stealing the stuff."

"The Galaxy Police?" Kiyone said, almost choking.

"Sure, we needed to obtain a large quantity of the stuff without it being on 
the books," Mihoshi said with a smile. "It wasn't too hard to work a deal 
with some of the more notorious space pirates. We supplied them with the 
info they needed to hit the Ultra Energy transports and in return they split 
the Ultra Energy Matter with us fifty fifty."

"You let something as dangerous as Ultra Energy Matter just fall into the 
hands of space pirates!?" Kiyone asked, outraged.

"Of course not," Mihoshi said with a laugh. "We double crossed them."

"I probably don't need to ask what..."

"Dead men tell no tales," Mihoshi agreed cheerfully.

"What exactly did the Black Ops need a massive supply of Ultra Energy Matter 
for anyways?" Kiyone asked.

"Well, several years ago the Jurai military was nervous about one it's 
rivals that was going through a massive military build-up on the Juraian 
border," Mihoshi explained. "So, a few Black Operators started to stockpile 
Ultra Energy..."

"Are you saying that Starbase Prospero's destruction was actually a Black 
Operation?" Kiyone demanded. "I don't believe it, the reports clearly 
indicate that the starbase's energy core breached, destroyed the starbase 
and showered half the fleet with deadly radiation."

"You can choose to believe whatever you prefer to believe," Mihoshi said.

"This is all very interesting but I don't see how it...." Kiyone trailed 
off. "Oh! I see. You have a quantity of Ultra Energy Matter and you intend 
to use it on this assignment."

"Smart girl," Mihoshi said. "While you take the three royals up to Yukinojo 
I'll be dirtside using  the Ultra Energy Matter to take out the three 
targets."

"How exactly are you going to do that?" Kiyone asked.

"Setting up an Ultra Energy Matter bomb isn't that difficult," Mihoshi said. 
"I've done it before. The real trick is making sure that I transport out of 
the blast area just before it goes off. I have to time it just right because 
Washu will most likely detect the bomb quickly. Meaning that when I get down 
there I'll have a limited opportunity to detonate the bomb."

Kiyone mulled the problem over in her mind. "We'll be taking the shuttle 
down, correct?"

"Yes, I usually park the main body of the ship in orbit around one of the 
gas giants and use the shuttle to make Earthfall."

"So the bomb will be on the shuttle," Kiyone mused. "Do you think the bomb 
could be detected on the shuttle?"

"Probably not," Mihoshi said. "The shuttle *is* shielded after all. Hmmm... 
I see what you're getting at. I should leave the bomb onboard the shuttle 
until the very last second before you take
off with Prince Yosho and the two Princesses."

"That still leaves a lot to chance though," Kiyone said.

Leaving things to chance was NOT the way the Black Ops operated.

"We'll just have to make sure that Washu, Ryoko and Tenchi are in Washu's 
lab where they'll be out of the way when we make planetfall," Mihoshi said. 
The blonde gave her partner in crime an evil grin. "And I think I know how 
to do just that."




"You really are quite devious," Kiyone chuckled in admiration as Mihoshi 
poured herself more sake and leaned back in the couch in what passed for a 
rec room on Yukinojo.

"That I am," Mihoshi said with pride. She held the bottle out to Kiyone. 
"Sake?"

"Umm...." Kiyone looked at the bottle.

"Oh, have some," Mihoshi urged. "It won't kill you." So saying, Mihoshi 
downed the contents of her glass in one go. "See?"

"What's it taste like?" Kiyone asked.

"Awful," Mihoshi said. "But taste is hardly the point of drinking sake."

"Then why..."

"To make your cheeks nice and rosy like mine," Mihoshi said, cutting 
Kiyone's question off.

Indeed, upon inspecting Mihoshi's face it was plain to see that the blonde 
was developing a healthy blush.

Kiyone tried a small sip. She spent the next minute hacking, her hand to her 
throat.

"Not much of a drinker huh?" Mihoshi asked with a chuckle. "Don't worry, 
you'll get the hang of it soon enough."

"Where'd you get this?" Kiyone asked as she contemplated taking another 
swig.

"It's native to Japan, which is where I've been staying during my time on 
Earth," the blonde assassin said. "That is some quality sake there. I 
actually stole that from Tenchi's father. He still blames Ryoko." She 
giggled at the thought.

Thge two of them sat in silence for a few minutes as Kiyone cautiously 
sipped some sake.

"So, Kiyone, any boyfriends since we last saw each other?" Mihoshi asked.

"A couple," Kiyone admitted. "You?"

"You have to be kidding," Mihoshi chuckled. "No guy in the Galaxy Police 
wanted to even come close to me. Not with my career looking like it was 
going down the toilet."

"I find that hard to believe," Kiyone told the blonde. "You might not have 
known it but back when we were partners all the guys in our section were 
always drooling over you."

Mihoshi shot the teal haired woman a look. "Give me a break."

"No, it's true," Kiyone insisted. "They were always asking me to set you up 
with them. I could never understand why anyone, much less the entire male 
population of the section, would want to date such a bimbo."

"Thanks," Mihoshi said drily.

"Of course you weren't a bimbo at all but I had no way of knowing that at 
the time," Kiyone said. "Mihoshi, can I ask you something?"

"Sure, I don't promise to answer but ask away," the blonde woman said.

"Do you ever miss the old days of us being partners?"

Mihoshi put a well tanned hand on one of Kiyone's pale hands. "Sometimes I 
do. There are times when I miss it very much."






"....and then I tol' him, "Why you lil bashturd, I'm gonna charge you by th' 
hour!" Really 'Hoshi he was a prick," Kiyone told the blonde as she slammed 
the bottle of sake onto the table.

"That's what you get for dating your Section Leader," Mihoshi replied. 
"Never mix business with pleasure."

"Some pleasure!" Kiyone grumbled. "An' anyway, I only went on a date with 
him th' one time. Th' jackass kept on talking on his phone th' whole time we 
were out. An' I *did* charge him by th' hour for our date, too."

"Did he pay?" Mihoshi asked.

"He sure nuff did," Kiyone said proudly. "An' in more ways than one."

The sound of Mihoshi's laughter was one of the most pleasant sounds that 
Kiyone heard since....well, since they had last been partners.






Mihoshi looked at the gently snoring Kiyone who was sprawled out on the 
couch.

"Looks like someone can't handle her booze," Mihoshi said as she stood up 
and stretched. "Well, it's time for this assassin to hit the sack."

Mihoshi walked over to the room's small closet and retreived a blanket and 
pillow. She then set about trying make Kiyone as comfortable as possible on 
the rec room's couch.

Kiyone seemed to partially wake up as Mihoshi stuffed the pillow under the 
teal haired woman's head.

" 'Hoshi?"

Mihoshi smiled as she tucked the blanket around Kiyone. "Go back to sleep."

Kiyone complied without complaint and her head sank back into the pillow.

Mihoshi  crouched next to the sleeping woman and gently brushed Kiyone's 
hair back off of her forehead. "We really did have some good times back 
then, didn't we, Kiyone?"

The blonde stood up and gazed down at the sleeping form. {I wonder what we 
would have thought back then if we could have seen the future and what it 
had in store for us. I wish things didn't have to be this way but...  I'm 
sorry, Kiyone.}

Then Mihoshi turned and made her way to her cabin. The next few days 
promised to be the most difficult and dangerous ones of her life and she was 
going to need all the rest she could get.

She stopped to turn out the light in the rec room, leaving Kiyone in 
complete darkness.





Note: I'm sure that we all  have run across those fics where the two Galaxy 
Police detectives are buzzing around the galaxy in the Yagami and suddenly 
the fic turns into a Miho-Kiyo lemon.

I could never really understand it because there is almost nothing in Tenchi 
Universe that indicates that the two have a relationship anything like that. 
At all.

However, as I was writing this my mind kept coming up with lemon scenes for 
this chapter which I had to resist. Whatever it is that causes people to 
write Miho-Kiyo lemons is some strong Mojo-Jojo. Obviously there are a lot 
of fanfic writers who can't resist the dark Mojo of Miho-Kiyo.

But thankfully I can.


