The blue wolf: Chapter one: Morning dew


    Tenchi was awoken by the bright light coming in through his window.  He
could tell it was going to be a easy day for plowing the fields.  He got out
of his bed and went into the bathroom. He was careful not to disturb the
early morning peace.
He went in the bathroom and did what he did every morning.  He left the
bathroom  and,of course, Sasami was already up cooking breakfast.

    Tenchi went downstairs and came into the kitchen.
"Good morning Sasami" Tenchi said
Sasami smiled as she ran rapidly around cooking and said "good morning
Tenchi!"
Tenchi then exited the kitchen , went into the living room, and took a seat
on the couch.  He turned on the TV and just flipped around.
Ryoko had waken up and took a cup of coffee from the kitchen.
She came into the living room and took a seat beside Tenchi, but did not
harass him.
"morning" she said.
"morning" Tenchi replied.
There was a few minutes of silence.Tenchi broke it
" You're a little placid this morning"
"This coffee tastes like shit"

    With that she took up the rest of the couch by lying down.Tenchi left
the couch and went onto the porch.
As the morning progresses everyone went about their morning routines, but
Ryoko and Washu seemed a bit off.
Around lunch tenchi left to go train with Yosho.After being made a fool of
for the 6th time that day,
 tenchi left and started home, but Ryoko was in one of her flirtatious moods
so she thought it funny to chases
tenchi around the lake about 3 times. Eventually she became bored and went
in
for the kill.She eventually left, bored with Tenchi's Resistance.

Sasami came out and Yelled for tenchi.
"TENCHI!!!!!!DINER!!!!"

    Tenchi went home and changed for diner. He went downstairs and smelled
Sasamis signature cooking.

"This looks great Sasami"  Sasami blushed
"thanks Tenchi!"
"I saved you a seat Tenchi"  Ryoko said in a Seductive tone
"Do not be silly, Tenchi wouldn't associate with a demon of your such
Ryoko."  Ayeka said
"You two stop" Tenchi said
"Yeah you two, we all know Tenchi is sitting next to me" Washu said
"Right" said Tenchi sarcastically
"Hey Tenchi, I need some samples, so could you stop by the lab after diner"
Washu said smirking
"Is it safe Washu?Honestly." Tenchi said
"What you think I'd be able to endanger you Tenchi?" Washu said
sarcastically
"Do you want me to honestly answer?" Tenchi replied

    Sasami then served Dinner.

"Sasami, you've really outdone yourself this time, this is great!" Tenchi
said
"I agree with Tenchi Sasami." Ryoko said
"How can you tell Ryoko" Ayeka said
"I'm not sure whats flatter Ayeka, your insults or your chest." Ryoko said
"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"Ayeka responded
"Ok that's enough" Tenchi said

    Diner proceeded as normal, with it ending in an argument.Tenchi left and
went to the lab, as he told Washu he would do.
Tenchi went into the lab.

"Washu?" Tenchi said nervously
No reply

    Tenchi began to slowly walk back to the door.  Next thing Tenchi knew
he was tied up and was gassed.
When he woke up, he was on the table he had not to fond memories of.
Next to the table was another table with
who knows what kind of tools on the table.  Washu came out wearing the
feared"nurse Washu"
uniform.Tenchi tried to break free with all the power he had but the attempt
was futile.
Washu had a huge smile on her face, and, she came so close
Tenchi could feel Washu's breath.
    Washu then proceeded to do who knows what to Tenchi.
Tenchi yelled to the stimulus of the pain to most of the probes.
The others were feelings of joy. In either way, Washu got the samples she
wanted.

"ok Tenchi, your free to go, unless you want to go another round."
" WASHU!!!!"
"Ok, ok."

    Tenchi gathered up his clothes, ran to the hallway to her dimension,
and put on his clothes slowly to avoid soreness. Once he did this, he
proceded up the stairs.After this incident, he wanted to call it a night,
but, he knew he would have to get upstairs unnoticed.  He made a run for it.
He couldn't believe it. He made a clean sweep, first time in four months!
Little did Tenchi know  Ryoko waited quietly in his closet.

    Tenchi was in his room without even considering or thinking of this
fact.
Once he was in, he was in he breathed a sigh of relief. It was all in vain.
Ryoko
pounced on Tenchi like he was her live prey.

"Hi Tenchi."Ryoko said after she wrestled Tenchi to the ground.
"RYOKO GET OFF OF ME!" Tenchi yelled.
"Please, tenchi,you're being a prude." Ryoko said seductively.

    Ryoko began ripping tenchi's clothes off when Ayeka burst through the
door.
Logs began to appear out of nowhere.

"TAKE YOUR HAND OFF LORD TENCHI!"  Ayeka screeched
"AND JUST HOW ARE YOU GONNA MAKE ME?!" Ryoko growled in return.
Ryoko formed an energy sword and lunged At Ayeka, only to find an energy
shield
protecting her.  Ayeka let out a shrill laugh.  The logs shocked Ryoko, who
screamed.

"Face it Ryoko, im the superior fighter"
"DON'T TAKE ME FOR A WEAKLING AYEKA!!!"

    Ryoko let out an energy blast that went through Ayeka's shield,
and in the process blew a hole in the drywall of Tenchi's room.
  After the battle was broken up,
Tenchi went to sleep in his room, upset about the drywall.
He knew he would be the one to fix it in the morning.
Lying in bed,  he looked at the waning moon for a time.
He then saw something very unusual.
The moon suddenly became full, but looked like a harvest moon.
It was full red, became brighter;  this went on for several minutes.
Very quickly, the spectecale peaked and disappeared like lightning.
Tenchi felt dizzy for a second then laid back down.

"What was that?"  Tenchi said.
"What was what Tenchi?"  Ryoko said from under the covers.
"That... RYOKO!!!" Tenchi yelled.Ryoko chuckled seductively.
"Come on Ryoko" Tenchi said.
"ok" Ryoko replied. She faded out.

Unusual Tenchi thought.  She usually doesn't give up without a fight.
With that, tenchi laid back down to sleep.

    When Tenchi awoke the next morning, it  was a rainy day.  It was cool
and wet out.
He was glad because this meant no work in the fields today.
He went downstairs to find the usual morning events.
Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting of course.

"TENCHI, we have a problem."Sasami said
"What is that Sasami." tenchi said
"The power went out last night and caused the fridge to warm up"
"That's strange, they're wasn't a storm last night."

    The group had to eat rice cakes for breakfast.  Around noon the storm
got worse,and the power went out.

"WHATS GOING ON?" Ryoko yelled.
"Settle down, Ryoko, its just a power outage" Tenchi said.

    Just then, the entire house lit up with light.  They were surprised by a
shockwave and everyone's hair went up thanks to energy in the air.

when it was over, everyone, including Washu went outside to find that
one of the mountains was completely obliterated.  In its place was a
crater about fifty feet deep and with a diameter of about 500 feet.

"What was that?" Sasami asked dumbfoundedly.
"I don't know, but chances are its at the bottom of this creater" Yosho
said.

They went to the bottom of the crater to find, of all things, a man that
appeared
to be about nineteen.  He was terrible condition, he was covered with cuts,
clothes tattered
and was unconscious.

"According to my readings, that impact should have made his atoms half-life
be one trillionth of
a second" Washu said.
"What?" Ryoko said
"It means he shouldn't even be space dust" Washu said.
"Is he a god or something of that nature?" Ayeka said.
"I don't know, but we need to get him to my lab or he'll die" Washu said.

Tenchi And his grandfather carried the man into Washu's lab.  Washu
Laid him on a table, brought up her holotop, and read his vital signs.

"He's pretty beat up, bit he'll make it" Washu said.
"are you sure? by the way his pulse feels, he looks like he could
die any second." Tenchi replied.
"Well, by earths medical standards he as good as dead,but that's earth, this
is me"Washu said

Washu connected tubes into his arms with iv's.  Once that was commenced,
Washu told everyone to leave it up to her.  Once everyone left, Ryoko snuck
back into Washu's room.

"There is no way in hell I could survive that, so how did this unlucky
bastard do it?" Ryoko said
"You're guess is as good as mine, but my computer says that that blast was
absorbed by him,
and that blast was powerful enough to blow up this galaxy and five of the
surrounding ones."Washu replied
with confusion in her voice.

    A few days passed, and everything went nearly back to normal. Sometimes
Washu checked in to
report on their guest.

"He's ok now, we just have to wait for him to come out of comatose." Washu
said
"What are we going to do once he comes out? We don't know how he will react
to us." Ayeka said.
"We'll just have to find out, and I can always restrain him"Washu replied
"let's go see how he is." Tenchi said

They walked down the stairs.  Something strange occurred for Washu's lab.
The
lights flickered on
and off.  Everyone rushed downstairs to find the room heavy with
electricity.  So heavy that they were being slightly shocked.
On the bed the patient was sleeping in was their patient,electricity
crackling around him,
His body in a anora of red light.  He woke up and the aurora died down.  He
sat up in bed
completely confused.  They walked up to him.

"need some clothes?"Washu said
"Yes please." The man said
"First things first,everyone out."Washu replied

As soon as everyone left, Washu gave him a t-shirt and sweat pants.He put
them on.

"Thank you for saving me m'am."
"please, call me Little Washu" Washu said.
"ok, Little Washu" The Man said
Where are you from?"Washu said
"I'm a nomad Little Washu"  He said
"Really? everyone has a home." Washu said
"I can see you prefer your own dimention." He said
"How could you tell we were in anothe dimention?"  Washu questioned.
"My lil secret"  He said

    Washu smerked and her holotop apperared.  She pressed a series on
buttons and he was all the sudden on
a operating table, Chained down.

"Am I going to have to find out by myself?"Washu said.

He easily broke free of the chains.

"Nope, but i'll tell ya"
"First, what is your name?" Washu said.
"Temuchin"He said
"Were you from?" Washu replied
" A planet that was long before you."  Temuchin replied.
"Try me" Washu replied
"Archangolia"  Temuchin replied
"You got me there"  Washu said.
"Told you" Temuchin said.

    He and Washu went upstairs to find everyone in the living room.

    All The copyright stuff is below.  I hope you enjoyed the story, they're
will be mor to come

I do not own tenchi or any of the characters other than Temuchin.  Tenchi
muyo is a copyright of Pioneer
