Disclaimer- I do not own any of the original characters, events, or places in 
the world of Tenchi Muyo! OVA. These things are all the property of AIC and 
Pioneer. The only things I have the right to call my own are my original 
characters places, and events from my last story. 

Notes and Acknowledgements: Well, here I go again. This is going to be the first 
of three short stories detailing events following Will of the Goddesses. First, 
let me thank GenSao for putting my first story in his archive. Second, let me 
thank all those who have told me how much they enjoyed the first story. 

Now with the announcement of the 3rd OVA, I almost did not want to continue this 
timeline. I'm a purest and a lover of continuity, and I like to keep things as 
true as possible to the original story line. But then I remembered that this is 
the Tenchiverse. 

Multiple continualities mean nothing. 

So I am going to take a chance. It has already been said that by the end of 
chapter 1 of the new OVA episodes, Tenchi will have made his choice among the 
girls. Going on what one of the original directors, Mr. Kajishima, has said, 
Tenchi made the choice a long time ago. From my point of view it was Ryoko all 
along, so I will keep with my pairing of those two. 

Well, enough with my ranting and babbling. Enjoy the show.

_____ 


Bonded Through Love


	Tenchi loosed a sigh of relief as he placed the last box in the trunk of 
the van. He quickly shut the trunk and walked back into the apartment building 
behind him. He stopped at the front door as a dark haired female student was 
coming out. She was cute and flashed Tenchi a smile as she passed him. Tenchi 
responded with a nervous smile of his own, and thanked anyone who was listening 
that Ryoko and the rest of the family had already left. He bolted inside and 
scaled the stairs up to his now empty apartment.

	Only a little out of breath, Tenchi reached the fifth floor of the 
building. He walked five doors down the narrow hallway and went into the room 
marked 5E. Once inside, the dark haired young man made one last check around the 
apartment he had been living in for the past two years. It was just like the 
rest of the student apartments in the building with a small bedroom, bathroom, 
and a kitchen/dining room. Of course Tenchi had never really cared about the 
size because of his ability to go home whenever he wished using his Light Hawk 
Wings. Yet even when he spent more time in the apartment than in the Masaki 
home, that never stopped Ryoko from using the same trick and popping in on him. 
That alone had made living in Tokyo easier. 

	Tenchi grabbed his red jacket off of a kitchen chair and made his way to 
the door. He stepped back into the hall and locked the door for the last time. 
Since he had graduated this morning, there was no longer any reason for him to 
continue living here. Tenchi began whistling as he strolled down the stairs to 
the lobby. He dropped the apartment key in a drop box and went out to the van. 
Just as he opened the driver's side, one of his classmates from the building 
called out to him.

	"Hey, Masaki!" Tenchi lifted his head and spotted a guy wearing a pair of 
gray shorts and a yellow T-shirt. He was just a little shorter than Tenchi with 
shaggy brown hair and green eyes. 

	Tenchi waved to him. "What was his name?" he wondered quietly.

	The guy ran over and stopped a couple of feet from the van. "Where ya 
going, Tenchi? You're not sticking around for the party tonight?"

	"Party, huh?" said Tenchi. "Where's it going to be?" What was this guy's 
name?

	"The whole senior class pooled their money and rented out an entire club!" 
he said with large smile. "I just wanted to see if you and that hot girlfriend 
of yours were going to show up tonight?"

	Tenchi took a quick moment to remember the last time he had taken Ryoko to 
a party. It had been earlier in the year just before Christmas. The party had 
been at some other student's house just outside the city. It was a typical party 
with tons kids doing everything that their parents had always told them not to. 
Ryoko, as usual, had made quick friends with the guy handing out the beers. The 
couple had enjoyed themselves for most of the evening, and everything had been 
pretty normal until around two in the morning. 

	Some of the drunker guys at the party had decided to hit on Ryoko while 
Tenchi had been in the bathroom. That might not have been too much of a problem 
if they hadn't tried to cop a feel. Needless to say, those guys had been in 
traction for the next several weeks. Tenchi inwardly shuddered at what might 
happen if he took Ryoko to a party like the one happening tonight.

	"Nah," answered Tenchi. "I gotta head home. There's a family thing going 
on that I have to attend." Attend? Hell, he was part of the main event.

	The guy shrugged. "Too bad, Tenchi. Well, maybe I'll see you around some 
time. Later." The cute girl from before passed by, and the nameless guy quickly 
ran to her side.

	Tenchi couldn't help but smile. Without wasting anymore time, he got into 
the van, started the engine, and headed home. Tenchi took a look at his watch. 
It was only one in the afternoon, and the ride back to Okayama was going to be a 
few hours. He'd get back just after dinnertime. Tenchi hoped that Sasami 
wouldn't be too angry at his being late. 

	"She'll probably cut me a little slack," he said with a smile. "I am 
getting married in two days after all."

_____ 

	Ryoko sat on the couch in the living room watching TV. Actually, her eyes 
were looking at the television, but her mind was wandering. She sighed, crossed 
her legs, and rested her head on her right hand. The black tail of her blue and 
gold dress wormed its way free and started to sway. It had only been a couple of 
hours since the pirate had left Tenchi back in Tokyo, but she already missed 
him. She briefly toyed around with the idea of opening a portal back to his 
apartment, but scratched that idea almost immediately. While Tenchi had closed 
off his end of their link, she could still feel him slowly making his way 
towards her location.

	The cyan haired beauty was suddenly torn from her thoughts. "Mommy?" came 
a child's voice from the direction of the kitchen. 

	Thoughts of Tenchi were pushed aside when she turned towards the voice. 
"I'm in the living room, sweetie." She smiled at the sound of small feet 
running.

	Mayuka Masaki came tearing into the living room from the kitchen and made 
a B line for the couch. Her ear length bluish black hair was pulled back into a 
small ponytail that bounced as she ran. Tenchi's daughter still wore the white 
dress with small red flowers all over it that she had put on for Tenchi's 
graduation earlier that day. Her brown eyes were filled with life to go along 
with her bright smile at the sight of the woman she had come to see as her 
mother. The three year old girl jumped on to the couch and into the waiting arms 
of Ryoko. The two of them hugged each other tightly for a moment, and then 
Mayuka settled into Ryoko's lap.

	"Where's Daddy?" asked the little girl after a second. "Why didn't he come 
through the red circle with us?"

	Ryoko wrapped her arms around the child and rocked her gently. "Well, you 
remember what I told you is going to happen this weekend, right?" 
	
	"Uh huh," replied Mayuka. "You and Daddy gonna go up the hill with Granpa 
and get ma...ma..." 

	"Married," finished Ryoko. "Yes. You see Daddy wants to use the drive back 
home to think without being distracted. He'll be back in a few hours. If you 
want, we can go outside after dinner and wait for him together."

	Mayuka turned around smiling. "Yeah!" 

	Both their heads lifted at the sound of someone coming down the stairs. 
Sasami Masaki, as she was being called now, came down the stairs and into the 
living room. The fifteen year old girl wore a pair of blue jeans, a white long 
sleeved blouse, and a black vest. Her once long, blue hair now only fell to her 
shoulders. Small freckles still dotted her nose between her two pink eyes. The 
teenager had grown over a foot and had also begun to develop certain womanly 
attributes in the past couple of years. Ryoko had to admit that Sasami was 
growing up right before their eyes. 

	"I'm leaving now, Ryoko," she said cheerfully. "I've prepped most of 
dinner so all you have to do toss the salad, marinate the fish before broiling 
it, and steam the rice. Are you okay with that?"

	Ryoko huffed and rolled her eyes. "Of course I am. I'm not as bad as I 
used to be, Sasami. Granted I can't really make a meal, but I can cook it if 
it's all set up." She lifted Mayuka off her lap and on to the couch before 
rising. "Where are you going tonight?"

	"Just to the movies with some friends from school," replied Sasami in an 
offhand manner. When the young princess had turned fourteen, it had been a 
universal decision by the entire household that she start attending highschool. 
After a little tutoring from Washu, Sasami was ready to become a regular Earth 
student.

	Ryoko vanished and reappeared right next to Sasami. The pirate put her 
right arm around the teenager's shoulders. "Just some friends, huh?" A thin 
smile spread across her face. "Are there going to be any boys there?" she asked 
in a suggestive tone.

	Sasami started to blush. "M...maybe." She quickly disengaged herself from 
Ryoko and walked to the front door. "I'm meeting everyone at the bottom of the 
steps, so I'd better get going."

	"K," said Ryoko with a knowing smile. "Don't stay out too late, though. 
Remember, her royal pain in my ass is arriving tomorrow, and I don't need 
another lecture about doing an 'improper job' of watching over you."

	Sasami smiled as she put her shoes on. "Oh, don't act like you're not 
looking forward to seeing sister, Ryoko." She picked up a small yellow and black 
purse and opened the door. "Bye." 

	Ryoko watched the door slide closed and walked back to Mayuka with a 
satisfied smile on her face. The little one had gotten a hold of the TV remote 
and was busily surfing through the one thousand channels Washu's antenna could 
pick up. Ryoko gently took the remote out of her tiny hands, turned off the TV, 
and picked Mayuka up in her arms. 

	"Come on, sweetie. Let's go see Grandma Washu."

_____ 

	The greatest scientific genius in the universe and former goddess Washu 
stood tall and triumphantly in front of her latest creations. She straightened 
her green lab dress and folded her arms under her ample breasts. Suddenly Washu 
dolls A and B appeared on her shoulders.

	"You've done it again, Washu!" cheered A.

	"You've defied the laws of the universe, Washu!" added B.

	The tall scientist smiled broadly just before throwing her head back and 
cackling. "I am such a genius!"

	"Wa-shu! Wa-shu! Wa-shu!" cheered the dolls just before disappearing back 
into her mane of spiky red hair. 

	Washu unfolded her arms and traced her index finger across one of her 
newest creations. "Oh yes. You three will be a lot of fun tomorrow night."

	A flashing view screen suddenly appeared next to her head. Washu waved her 
right hand and a door closed around her newest toys. She turned and looked at 
the new screen. "Hmm. Someone's entered level one." Of the five planets that 
made up her lab, the rest of the collective Masaki family, with the exception of 
Mihoshi, could only gain access to one.

	"Better go and see who's there," she told herself. Washu wiggled her left 
pinky, and a door appeared. 

	She opened and stepped through the door into level one. The door closed 
silently behind her, and Washu started scanning the area to see who her visitor 
was. A mental ping instantly alerted her to Ryoko's presence. Washu clasped her 
hands behind her back and strolled over to the railing overlooking the promenade 
and garden portion of this level. Walking among the flowers was her daughter 
with Mayuka in her arms.

	"Hello there, my little ones," she called down. "What brings you down to 
my little cave?"

	Ryoko looked up and gave her a half smile. "Hey, mom. I just wanted to let 
you know that Sasami's gone out for the evening, and that I'm in charge of 
dinner."

	Washu grimaced slightly. "You are?"

	Ryoko's physical scowl matched the mental one she gave the genius. "I'm 
not making it from scratch. Sasami already did most of the work. I just have to 
cook it." She raised a cyan eyebrow. "So should I expect you for dinner?"

	"Well in that case, sure," replied Washu. "You can see yourselves out." 
Another door appeared behind her, and Washu walked through it without saying 
another word.

_____ 

	Ryoko and Mayuka walked out of the lab and back into the living room. The 
pirate snatched a glance at the clock over the TV. Three o'clock. It was still a 
little too early to start dinner, and Tenchi probably wouldn't be home for a few 
more hours, yet. She placed Mayuka back on the floor and took her hand. "Come 
on, sweetie. Let's go outside and find Ryo-ohki."

	Using her link with the cabbit, Ryoko easily found her sleeping on the 
back porch. Mayuka broke away immediately and ran to the sleeping cabbit. Ryo-
ohki was a bit shocked at first, but when she saw it was just Mayuka the furry 
little creature was soon running in circles with the laughing little girl. Ryoko 
phased through the sliding door and sat down on the porch to watch the two play.

	The cyan haired beauty kept her eyes on Mayuka and Ryo-ohki, but her mind 
started to wander as it had earlier. There was a small tingle in the back of her 
mind for a brief moment, and then Tenchi was with her. "Hello there," he greeted 
in her mind. His love came across the link loud a clear.

	"Hey, lover," she replied in kind with both greeting and emotion. "Where 
are you?"

	"I'm still a few hours away," he said. "I just wanted to say hello, and 
that I love you."

	Ryoko felt herself start to blush. She could feel Tenchi smiling. "I love 
you, too, my Tenchi. Are you going to keep the link open until you get here?" 
she asked hopefully.

	He hesitated for a second. "I'm sorry, Ryoko, but there are still a couple 
of things I need to think about. I really am sorry, but these are just some 
things that I need to go over by myself. Do you understand?"

	She understood. Through their link, Ryoko knew that he was being 
completely honest with her. "Yeah, I guess," she responded with disappointment. 

	Tenchi obviously felt her disappointment because he sent a wave of 
reassuring feelings her way. "I'll be home soon. I love you." Then he was gone.

	It took a moment for Ryoko to adjust to not having Tenchi with her. 
Desperately trying to keep her emotions in check, Ryoko focused her attentions 
as best she could on Mayuka and Ryo-ohki. Try as she might, though, Ryoko could 
not shake one of the feelings she had gotten from Tenchi. He was worried about 
something. That alone did not really bother the pirate. It was the fact that 
Tenchi didn't want to confide in her that made Ryoko slightly nervous. 

	"Ah, I'm just being silly," she told herself. She knew Tenchi wasn't 
hiding anything from her. He just didn't feel like talking about something. 
Suddenly Ryoko had an idea. "Looks like I'll just have to work a little harder 
to get my little prince to open up to me." Ryoko smiled devilishly as she 
twisted a strand of cyan hair around her right finger.

_____ 

	Tenchi found himself frowning seconds after he closed off his end of the 
link. It hurt him not to be able to talk to Ryoko about things that were 
troubling him, but the Juraian prince wanted to work it out in his mind before 
bringing it up to her. After all, what he was thinking about always tended to be 
a sore subject with women. 

	He loved Ryoko with all his heart and wanted to spend the rest of his life 
with her, but that was what scared him. He wasn't scared to be with Ryoko. 
Tenchi was worried about *being* able to be with Ryoko forever. As the time of 
their wedding drew ever closer, he was plagued with thoughts of his own lifespan 
compared to hers. Tenchi knew that Ryoko was vastly older than she looked. Of 
course he was not bothered by that at all.

	As their marriage progressed, would he grow older while she remained young 
and beautiful? That thought alone scared him to the bone. In fact it was down 
right painful to think about. Just to think that he would not be able to spend 
forever in her arms nearly brought tears to Tenchi's eyes. It was this thing 
alone that was bothering Tenchi. 
	
	Other than that, Tenchi did not have a care in the world. Despite his one 
worry, he was about to marry a beautiful woman he loved dearly. He had just 
graduated college with honors and was about to officially become co-caretaker of 
the Masaki Shrine with his grandfather. Yes, there was not a lot of money to be 
had for being a priest at a small shrine, but Tenchi had no financial worries. 

	Thanks to Ukarit's never ending desire to look for new deals in all 
avenues, Tenchi and his family were financially set for life. Just after the 
war, the pink skinned gangster had actually set up several legitimate 
businesses. One of which just happened to involve Earth as a storage house of 
sorts for passing trade caravans. Since Tenchi was the only official resident of 
Earth Ukarit knew, the gangster had made him an official partner in The U&T Dark 
Side Storage Company. With the help of Washu, they had built an undetectable 
base on the dark side of the moon. 

	Well, needless to say Tenchi got half of all the revenue earned by U&T. 
These funds were all converted to precious metals and jewels that were then 
exchanged for Earth currency. At the age of twenty two, Tenchi Masaki was 
already a very wealthy man. It was thoughts like this that enabled Tenchi to 
find some sense of peace for the remainder of his ride home. As he drove the van 
up the hill to the house, Tenchi decided to keep the link closed in an attempt 
to surprise Ryoko. 

	It was dark already as he pulled up to the driveway in front of the dock. 
Azaka and Kamidake greeted him as he drove through the front gate. Tenchi could 
see all the lights on in the house, but there was nobody out front. He couldn't 
help but smile as he turned off the van's engine and walked across the dock to 
his home. Even with his end of the link closed off, Tenchi still felt a small 
tingling in the back of his mind just before Ryoko shimmered into view on the 
front porch.

	She wore her old pink dress that she used whenever she decided to do 
housework. Her hands were folded in front of her, and she was smiling at him 
warmly. "Hey," was all she said.

	Tenchi continued to walk slowly towards her without saying a word. He 
stepped up on to the porch and wrapped his arms around her waist. He looked down 
into her beautiful golden eyes and reopened his end of their link. As their 
emotions mingled into one, Tenchi briefly remembered how when Ryoko had first 
arrived five years ago he was barely as tall as she was. She smiled and looked 
back up at him lovingly. 

	Unable to resist any longer, Tenchi leaned his head forward and kissed her 
tenderly on the lips. Her own arms were now wrapped around his neck, and her 
hands were playing with his small ponytail. The kiss ended, and Tenchi pulled 
his head back. "Hello," he said finally. "Where's Mayuka? I thought for sure 
that she'd be out here with you."

	"I just put her to bed a few minutes ago," explained Ryoko. "She begged me 
to let her stay, but with her yawning after every word I wasn't going to."

	Tenchi held her closer and smiled. "You're a strict one aren't you, my 
soon to be wife."

	Her eyes twinkled with mischief. "I'll be as strict as the situation calls 
for." She leaned close to his left ear. "My soon to be husband," she finished 
with a lust filled whisper. 

	Even though Tenchi was used to Ryoko speaking like this, Tenchi was still 
Tenchi. Just a little embarrassed, he chuckled lightly as they walked back into 
the house together. With Ryoko's warm body so close to his, Tenchi suddenly 
realized that it had been almost two weeks since the last time they had made 
love. With his hectic schedule of finals and the preparations for graduation, 
there had not really been much time for anything else. And now that he was back 
home with her in his arms, his hormones started to rage inside him. 

	They were halfway to the kitchen when Tenchi stopped, turned Ryoko to face 
him, and kissed her passionately on the lips. Taken completely by surprise, 
Ryoko melted into his arms as the kiss deepened. They parted seconds later both 
of them very out of breath. Ryoko's face was quite flushed, but there was a fire 
behind her golden eyes.

	"Wow," she said between breaths. "Where did that come from?" Her fangs 
gleamed as she smiled. "And where can I get some more?"

	"I just remembered that we haven't had a lot of time to be together in the 
past couple of weeks, and I want to do something about it," he said. He kissed 
her again and then walked to the kitchen. "But I think I'll get something to eat 
first."

	Ryoko teleported to his side and punched him in the shoulder. "You little 
tease." She raised her right hand to her forehead, and her voice went up in 
pitch. "Leading a poor, innocent young woman like myself along. Then after 
you've had your dirty, little pleasures you discard me." She pretended to waver 
on her feet. "Oh, I feel faint!" The pirate fell backwards and hovered several 
feet off the floor.

	   Tenchi stood in the doorway of the kitchen clapping and smiling. 
"Bravo." He continued clapping all the way into the kitchen. He followed the 
scent of dinner over to the oven.

	Ryoko appeared next to him with her arms folded. "Look at you. A girl 
faints, and all you think about is your stomach." By now Tenchi had a taken the 
left over rice and fish from dinner and put them on the counter, where he was 
already eating. He gave his beloved a food filled smile and shrugged.

	The cyan haired beauty smiled back and shook her head. She reached out and 
ruffled the top of his hair. "You are just too cute to get mad at."

	Tenchi swallowed his food. "Where's Sasami?"

	Ryoko levitated into the air in a lotus position. "Oh, she just went to 
the movies with some friends." The two of them stopped speaking at the sound of 
the front door opening and closing. Tenchi and Ryoko looked towards the living 
room then at each other. Not another second passed before they were both moving.

	The couple entered the living room just in time to see Sasami throw off 
her shoes, and start running up the stairs. "Hey, Sasami," called Tenchi.

	The blue haired teenager stopped suddenly and jerked her head towards the 
sound of Tenchi's voice. "Huh? Oh, hi, Tenchi."

	"Did you have a good time, Sasami?" asked Ryoko with a thin smile. 

	Tenchi wasn't sure, but he swore that Sasami blushed. "Uh...yeah. I'm...uh 
kinda tired, so I'm gonna go to the onsen and then turn in early. I'll see you 
guys in the morning." The princess quickly ran up the stairs and disappeared.

	"That was odd," commented Tenchi. "Was she blushing?"

	Ryoko shrugged, but her smile remained. "I didn't notice anything." She 
took him by the arm and lead them back into the kitchen. "Let's finish stuffing 
your mouth so that we can hurry up and get to desert."

_____

	Somewhere in space, two Juraian tree ships were silently heading towards 
their destination. Neither of the ships were of military nature. One was the 
royal ship Ryo-oh, and the second was a ship of similar design intended as a 
wedding gift for Tenchi and Ryoko. Inside the residential portion of Ryo-oh, the 
Empress Ayeka Jurai was sitting in her quarters combing her hair. Over the past 
two years she had let it grow back to its original length. She no longer wore it 
in two ponytails, but the Empress usually wore it loose. Wearing a blue and 
green silk kimono, the ruler of the Juraian Empire was preparing to go to bed.

	Ayeka paused in her brushing when someone knocked on her door. "Enter," 
she called over her shoulder.

	She saw the door slide open in the mirror, and Shoytal walked inside. He 
stopped just inside and bowed his head. "Good evening, your Majesty. I just 
wanted to inform you that we are ten standard hours from Earth."

	Ayeka placed her brush on the dresser. She turned around to glare at the 
knight captain. "We're in private, Shoytal. You should know better by now."

	He seemed to relax slightly under her gaze. "I...I'm sorry, Ayeka. It's a 
hard habit to break. Years of training on how to speak to the Royal family are 
difficult to go against."
	
	She gave him a half smile. "Well, you will have to learn to go against 
that training. I may be the Empress, but I am also your friend. If there is one 
thing I have learned over the past few years is that friends do not use titles 
when in the company of one another." Ayeka looked back to the mirror and 
finished preparing her hair for bed. "Is there anything else you wished to 
discuss?"

	Shoytal's reflection took a few more steps into the room. "Well, I was 
just wondering about something." Ayeka could see him searching for the right 
words. "Are you okay with the upcoming events?"

	The Empress ceased stuffing her hair into its nightcap. "I assume you are 
referring to Lord Tenchi's wedding." He nodded silently. Ayeka tied the top of 
the cap before continuing. "Of course I'm fine with the wedding. I'm happy for 
Lord Tenchi and Ryoko."

	Shoytal raised an eyebrow. "Really?"

	Ayeka rose from her seat and turned to him. "Don't you give me that look," 
she said sternly. "My feelings for Lord Tenchi are not like that anymore. I care 
a great deal for him, but it is in a family way, only."

	"But, there is something bothering you," stated the knight captain.

	"You can tell?" she asked sheepishly. 

	Shoytal nodded. "When you spend all your time with a person, one tends to 
learn to pick up certain things."

	Ayeka chuckled at his serious tone. "You sound like a book, Shoytal." It 
took a moment, but Ayeka regained her composure and nodded. "You are right, 
though. There is one thing bothering me." She walked over to her bed and sat 
down. "I feel like I'm drifting away from my family. Ever since the end of the 
war, I have been running all over the Empire repairing the damage done by 
Ziasha. I did not want to leave Sasami all alone at the palace on Jurai, so I 
allowed her to remain on Earth. I knew that was what she really wanted, anyway. 
Despite that, I still miss my sister."

	She folded her hands in her lap, letting her out defenses fall away. She 
only did this around three people, and Shoytal was one of them. "My brother 
remains on Earth of his own choosing. I miss him. Lord Tenchi remains on Earth 
because that is his home. I miss him as well." A crooked smile appeared on her 
face. "Ryoko remains on Earth because of Tenchi and Mayuka. I hate to admit it, 
but I miss that loud mouthed tramp, too. And even though she would not admit it 
herself, Washu remains on Earth because that is where her family is." The smile 
faded. "Where my family is."

	A sigh escaped her lips as Ayeka's eyes dropped to the floor. "I am more 
in control of my life than ever, yet I suddenly feel as though that control is 
slipping away. Most of the important people in my life are together, while I am 
forced to be apart from them." She looked back up and smiled at Shoytal. "You 
are my only close friend with me right now, Shoytal. I want you to know how 
grateful I am."

	The dark haired Juraian's lavender eyes went wide and there was the 
faintest sign of a blush. Shoytal cleared his throat and started to move towards 
the door. "I...should be going, now. Gerin's the only one on the bridge, and 
after the six ship pile up at Setra IV we all know that's not a good idea." He 
made a couple more head bows and left.

	Ayeka sighed and laid back on her bed. "Men," she huffed. "They never get 
the deeper meanings."

_____ 

	"Hey, Serge. I put that file you asked for in your box."

	"Thanks," Kiyone told the officer in front of her desk. "I'll take a look 
at it and get back to you after the weekend." The man nodded and walked away.

	Kiyone returned to what she was reading with a smile on her face. Shortly 
after the war had ended, she and Mihoshi had decided to move out of the Masaki 
house. She had wanted to give Tenchi and Ryoko more room considering the then 
change in their relationship. The teal haired GP had felt that she and Mihoshi 
would just be in the way if they continued to live in the house. So, with a 
little help from Noboyuki they had found a decent apartment in Okayama. For 
several months the two women had scrambled about trying to juggle being GP's and 
holding down Earth jobs to pay for their apartment. Unfortunately, Mihoshi 
usually got them fired from every job after two days.

	Needless to say, Kiyone had been on the verge of giving up and asking 
Noboyuki if they could move back in. Then she had realized what the perfect 
Earth job would be. After only three months at the academy, Kiyone had become a 
member of the Okayama police force. Rising quickly through the ranks, Kiyone was 
now the sergeant in charge of patrol officers. It was a desk job, but Kiyone 
didn't mind at all. After all, she still had her own patrolling duties in space, 
and that usually provided all the excitement she wanted. Kiyone had finally 
found a level ground between being a Galaxy Police officer and living on Earth.

	Stay with what you know how to do.

	And due to certain circumstances, both her schedules fit perfectly 
together, now. It was too bad that those same circumstances made her want to hit 
her head against the wall. 

	"Sergeant Makibi," called someone from behind. "The Lieutenant wants to 
see you."

	Grinding her teeth, Kiyone slowly got to her feet. She smoothed out her 
blue uniform and stalked to the back of the large room. Other officers saw the 
look in her eyes and made frantic attempts to stay out of her way. She stopped 
in front of a glass door and took a deep breath before opening it. The teal 
haired GP tensed herself and walked in to face the only problem with her job on 
Earth.

	"Hi, Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried cheerfully from behind her desk. "Come on in!"

	"You wanted to see me, Lieutenant?" she asked through clenched teeth while 
closing the door. Through some piece of dumb luck Mihoshi had risen even faster 
through the ranks and had become Kiyone's superior officer. Of course, this 
allowed them to virtually make their own schedules, but Kiyone was never certain 
it was worth having Mihoshi for a boss. 

	The bubble head behind the desk smiled back gleefully and waved a hand. 
"Oh yeah." She got up and walked around the desk. She wore a dark navy pants 
suit with a white blouse and her badge hanging precariously from her belt. "I 
couldn't remember what we were supposed to bring to the bachelorette party 
tomorrow night?"

	Kiyone slapped herself in the forehead and groaned. "Is that all? You mean 
to tell me that you had me stop what I was doing just to ask what we're bringing 
to Ryoko's bachelorette party tomorrow night?"

	Mihoshi was now biting the tip of her right index finger. "Uh, yeah."

	"AAARRRGGGHHH!!!" cried Kiyone with fists raised towards the sky. Without 
another word, she spun around and stormed out of Mihoshi's office.

	"Does that mean you don't know?" Mihoshi called after her.

_____ 

	It was now that indistinguishable time of night when one was not sure what 
to call the day. Was it yesterday or tomorrow? Like many trivial things in life, 
Ryoko didn't give a damn what day it was. All that mattered to the cyan haired 
beauty was that she was with Tenchi. The full moon shed a pearly light through 
the window above the niche that Tenchi's old bed used to occupy. Now the 
headboard of a much larger bed was set inside that space. That had not been the 
only change to the room. Between Noboyuki and Washu, the room that had once 
belonged just to Tenchi had been enlarged to double the size with expanding the 
third floor of the Masaki home. When asked about this feat, Washu would simply 
answer that she "tweaked" space time inside of the room. Everyone knew better 
not to ask again after that.

	So it was that with more living space in the room, Ryoko had moved in and 
dubbed the room "theirs" instead of just Tenchi's. Along with her came a larger 
bed, a red couch, and a sturdy oak coffee table to go along with what had always 
been in the room. As the moon's pearly light covered the entire room, Ryoko 
allowed herself a small smile. She was sitting up against the bed's headboard in 
just one of Tenchi's old T-shirts. A shirtless Tenchi was asleep with his head 
resting on her lap. 

	Ryoko looked down while gently petting the side of his head. She and 
Tenchi had gone to bed hours ago, but she was not tired at all. So, the pirate 
had decided to partake of her old pastime of watching her beloved sleep. 
Thoughts of the next two days were running in circles through her mind. In about 
two day's time, she would actually be Mrs. Tenchi Masaki. That thought alone 
made her heart start to beat faster. Ryoko remembered that once long ago she had 
wondered what it would be like if Tenchi loved her. When that dream had really 
come true, the cyan haired beauty hadn't believed that it could get any better.

	Then Tenchi had asked her to marry him, and Ryoko got her first glimpse of 
what her life with Tenchi was going to truly be like. He loved her so much, that 
he wanted to spend the rest of his life with just *her*. He wanted to be with 
*her* forever. That one thought suddenly caused a reaction through their link. 
Curious, Ryoko carefully looked past the various subconscious thoughts in 
Tenchi's mind while he slept until she found what had caught her attention. 

	A sad and nervous aura surrounded one subconscious thought in particular. 
Ryoko knew that she shouldn't look, but her curious nature overcame the 
wariness. The pirate started to frown as a series of images crossed her mind's 
eye. At first they seemed normal. There were just pictures of Tenchi and herself 
living life. One thing made them seem odd, though. As time progressed, Tenchi 
continued to age, while she remained young and beautiful. Eventually, Tenchi was 
gone and only she remained. The word "forever" whispered in her mind.

	It all suddenly made sense to Ryoko. This was what Tenchi was keeping from 
her. He was afraid that he would grow old, while she remained youthful. Ryoko 
had stopped petting him, now. She leaned down and kissed him on the cheek.

	"You poor thing," she whispered. "Don't worry, my love. I won't let a 
stupid thing like time separate us. I promise." She vanished for a brief second 
and reappeared horizontal before Tenchi's head even had a chance to move. The 
prince's head was now resting on her chest and cradled in her arms. "Nothing 
will ever keep us apart."

_____ 

	Saturday morning was filled with a certain air of excitement. The wedding 
was going to happen in just a little over twenty four hours. When Ryoko and 
Tenchi came down for breakfast, they found most of the house already there. 
Noboyuki was at the table reading a newspaper and drinking a cup of coffee. For 
once the man was dressed casual wear. His normal work clothes had been replaced 
with a white T-shirt with a red and yellow Hawaiian shirt over it and a pair of 
shorts. Next to him was Katsuhito in his normal robes and Mayuka in his lap. 
Washu was also there busily stuffing her face. The genius was also wearing 
normal clothes. Ryoko's eyes bulged when she recognized her jeans and red tank 
top.

	The pirate stormed over to her mother. "Those are my clothes!" she cried.

	Washu looked up and smiled sweetly. "Haven't you ever heard of sharing? 
Besides," she said with a gesture at Ryoko's light green kimono, "you weren't 
using them."

	Ryoko's face actually flushed several shades of red. She huffed once at 
her mother and teleported next to Tenchi, who was already sitting at the table. 
Sasami, wearing an apron over a traditional white, blue, and pink Juraian 
kimono, quickly served the couple breakfast. She muttered greetings before 
running back to the stove.

	"What's up with her?" asked Ryoko.

	"She's just a little nervous about Ayeka coming today," informed 
Katsuhito. "She hasn't seen her in almost a year, and she is worried that Ayeka 
will not approve of how she is turning out."

	"Am not!" snapped Sasami over her shoulder.

	"See," muttered the old man with a small smile.

	"Teenagers," said Washu almost wistfully. "To be young and in love..."

	Her words were cut off by the clattering of dropped pots. The whole room 
stopped and looked over at Sasami. Washu cackled and resumed eating. Ryoko was 
about to launch into a series of embarrassing questions, but a warning thought 
from Tenchi stopped her. "We don't want to embarrass her any further," he 
mentally told her.

	"Awe, come on, Tenchi," begged Ryoko. "I just wanna tease her a bit. 
Besides, I think turn about is fair play in this case. She used to play tone of 
tricks on Ayeka and me back in the day. I only want a little bit of justice."

	"Fine," he relented. "Just wait until I'm out of the room. It just doesn't 
seem nice to me. Besides, I don't think I really want to know...yet."

	"Oh, my sweet boy," purred Ryoko mentally. "Always wanting to do the right 
thing." She smiled mischievously at him. "I'll break you of that yet." She 
created a mental image of her hand over her heart. "I promise not to say 
anything until later when you are not around."

	"So do I," added Washu.

	Both Ryoko and Tenchi's heads snapped up to stare at Washu. "Washu!" they 
both shouted at once.

	She looked at them innocently. "What? Can't a mother eavesdrop?"

	"We gotta learn to change our frequency," muttered Ryoko to Tenchi. He 
nodded while keeping his eyes on Washu. 

	"So, uh, dad," said Tenchi in an attempt to change the subject. "Why 
aren't you dressed for work?"

	"I worked overtime last night so that I could take today off," he said 
with a big smile. "I wouldn't miss my only son's bachelor party for anything!"

	"Bachelor party?" questioned Ryoko with a raised eyebrow.

	"Yeah," began Noboyuki. "We've had it...," the table shook for a second as 
someone kicked him. "Owe!"

	Katsuhito cleared his throat. "It is best to sometimes not speak when 
spoken too, Noboyuki."

	Before anyone could comment further, Washu's laptop popped up next to her. 
The genius turned her head slightly to take a look. "Two ships just appeared 
near the U&T complex on the moon." She looked at the screen for another second. 
"Both are Juraian in make." 

	There was another clattering of dishes. Everyone looked over at the sink, 
but all they saw was Sasami's apron floating to the ground where she had just 
been. The rest of the family rose from the table and followed after the sound of 
the front door slamming shut. They found Sasami outside staring up at the sky. 
Soon two black dots appeared in the sky and grew steadily larger as they 
descended. Eventually, a pair of Juraian tree ships were hovering over the lake. 
There was a pair of flashes as the crews of both ships transported ten feet from 
the gathered group. 

	Ayeka stood in front of her Royal guard in all her Imperial glory. Her 
white outer robe trimmed in green trailed at least three feet behind her. 
Beneath it was a red blue and green inner robe with a gold and silver 
breastplate over it. The Empress wore no other jewelry except her circlet made 
from Ryo-oh. Her hair was gathered back into one long ponytail that fell past 
her waist. 

	She tilted her head forward slightly to them. "Hello, everyone," she said 
warmly. "I am glad to see that you are all doing well."

	The Empress turned her head to the left and spotted Sasami. The two 
sisters stared at each other for a moment. Finally, Ayeka opened her arms 
towards Sasami. With blinding speed, the younger princess ran and embraced her 
sister. Both of them were laughing joyously. The laughter brought smiles to all 
gathered there. Even Ryoko allowed herself a small smile for Ayeka. 

	Ayeka rested her hands on Sasami's shoulders and pushed her to arm's 
length. "Let me look at you, Sasami." The blue haired princess was almost eye 
level with her. "My you have grown so much."

	"Yeah, and she's fillin' out nicely, too," added Ryoko.

	Ayeka shot the pirate an icy stare. "*Thank* you, Ryoko. I didn't notice 
that," she growled. The Empress swallowed and regained her composure. A smile 
spread across her face. "You are looking well, Ryoko."

	"Thanks, princess," she purred. "How's the scar? Itch much?"

	Ayeka had stepped away from Sasami by now. "It's fine, Ryoko. It wanted me 
to give you its twin, but I decided to wait to give you that for your birthday." 
She was smiling broadly. "And that's Empress, my dear."

	Ryoko was also sporting a smile equal in size and mirth. She was just 
about to loose another shot at Ayeka when Washu interrupted. "Okay, people. I 
know that we're all being nostalgic here, but let's get those ships into the 
hanger in my lab." She pointed to all the men on the lawn. "You boys are all 
conscripted to helping. Les go!" She waved a hand, and they all disappeared. 

	Sasami, all smiles, picked up Mayuka and turned to Ryoko and Ayeka. "I'm 
going to get you something to eat, sister. I'm sure you're starving after the 
long trip." She scurried off talking happily to Mayuka.

	Soon only the two formal rivals were left on the lawn. Ayeka stood with 
her hands folded in front of her, and Ryoko watched the Empress with hands on 
her hips. After another moment, they both looked from side to side. Next, each 
one slowly took several steps towards the other. At last the two women were only 
feet apart. They each took one more glance around the lawn before embracing. The 
once rivals turned friends held the embrace for another thirty seconds before 
breaking it and looking around to make sure they were still alone. 

	Minutes later the two of them were walking down along the shore of the 
lake. "So how do you feel?" asked Ayeka.

	"The truth?" The Empress nodded. "Kinda nervous." She giggled like a small 
child. "I hate to say it, but I'm feeling all girlish and giddy. It's that same 
kind of nervous feeling I had right before I made love with Tenchi the first 
time. You know the feeling, right?" She looked over at Ayeka, who was avoiding 
her gaze. "Well?"

	"I can't quite...relate to that comparison," she said quietly.

	"You don't mean cause of Tenchi?" asked Ryoko. Perhaps it had not been a 
good idea to bring up Tenchi and sex.

	Ayeka shook he head. "N...no. That no longer bothers me. I...mean that I 
cannot relate to that comparison in general." She was blushing now.

	Ryoko's eyes went wide. "You mean to tell me that over the past two years 
tall, dark, and military back there hasn't made a single move!?"

	Ayeka's eyes bulged at that statement. "I have no idea what you are 
talking about!"

	"Humph," spat Ryoko. She crossed her arms and glared at Ayeka. "Give me a 
break, princess. The sexual tension back there was so thick I couldn't cut it 
with my sword." She summoned her energy sword to emphasize the point and waved 
it under Ayeka's nose.

	The Empress crossed her own arms and turned her head away. "What do you 
know? I didn't even talk to Shoytal back there."

	Ryoko banished her sword and smiled. "Body language, babe. You stood as 
far from him as possible, and he went all stiff whenever it looked like you'd 
come near 'em. That and the first name thing." She cackled lightly.

	Ayeka's lack of response spurred her on even more. The pirate quickly 
wrapped her arms around Ayeka and raised her voice in imitation. "Oh, my brave, 
strong captain of the guards! I'm so lonely! Please come to my bed and protect 
me!" She started swaying back and forth.

	"Ooooooooooo!" growled the Empress. "Get off of me, you lecherous tramp!" 
she screamed while trying to break free. 

	The Juraian ruler finally freed herself from the pirate's strong arms. 
Circlet glowing brightly, Ayeka was surrounded by blue fire. She raised her hand 
and fired a bolt of Jurai power at Ryoko. Laughing hysterically, Ryoko 
teleported away. She was wearing her red and black battle suit when she 
reappeared. Another barrage of power blasts screamed towards her. Ryoko hooted 
with glee, dodged the attack, and charged Ayeka with an energy sword in hand.

_____ 

	Everyone was just walking into the living room from Washu's lab when they 
heard an explosion in the distance. Shoytal suddenly looked around wildly. 
"Where is her Majesty?" he cried.

	"Oh, just calm down you big lug," ordered Washu as she entered the room. 
"She and Ryoko haven't seen each other in almost a year. They're just playing."

	"That's one game I wouldn't want to play," commented Gerin as he took off 
his boots and plopped down on the couch.

	"What do you think you're doing?" asked Verka. The large knight walked 
over and loomed over his lounging companion.

	"Relaxing," replied the red headed knight. "What's it look like?"

	"Her Majesty is not staying with us on Ryo-oh, Gerin," stated Mastir. "We 
have to carry her luggage up to her room."

	"There are fifty pieces!" cried Gerin.

	"Then we'd better get started," mumbled Nunar as he walked back into 
Washu's lab. Verka and Mastir followed with a whining Gerin between them.

	Tenchi watched all of it with a smile. "Well, I think I'll go get cleaned 
up."

	He had just started for the stairs when Katsuhito stopped him. "Wait, 
Tenchi," he ordered. Tenchi knew all too well what that tone of voice meant.

	"Yes, Grandpa?" he asked. He turned around slowly to face the old man.

	"We still have to practice today." Tenchi was about to protest, but 
Katsuhito wasn't going to hear it. "Marriage is no excuse to be lax, boy."

	Defeated, Tenchi lowered his head with a sigh. "Yes, sir. I'll go get 
changed and meet you at the shrine."

	"I think I will go and check on her Majesty," said Shoytal. 

	Katsuhito shook his head. "No. I wish to see the skill of the man who 
protects my sister day in and day out. You will be Tenchi's sparring partner 
today." 

	Shoytal was about to protest, but the look in the old man's eyes were not 
to be misunderstood. Tenchi had to hold in laughter when the knight captain 
submitted. "Yes, my lord," he said with a bowed head.

	Less that fifteen minutes later a small crowd had gathered at the Masaki 
Shrine. Sasami, now in jeans and white tank top, sat on the steps with Mayuka in 
her lap. Noboyuki sat next to her making faces at Mayuka, who was laughing in 
response. Somehow Verka, Nunar, and Mastir had snuck away from luggage duty, 
leaving it all to Gerin. Tenchi, in his old training gi, stood across from 
Shoytal in a sleeveless white shirt and baggy pants. Katsuhito stood between 
them with wooden weapons in both hands.

	He tossed Tenchi a bocken and Shoytal a bo. "I believe this bo will 
simulate a double bladed sword adequately, Captain."

	"It will do fine, Lord Yosho." He bowed his head. "Thank you."

	Both fighters took their stances and waited. Seconds passed like hours 
while they stared each other down. "CCCCCCUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT!!!!!" shouted 
Katsuhito suddenly.

	Tenchi and Shoytal moved at the same time. Having both been trained in the 
same techniques, Tenchi soon found himself predicting his opponents attacks. 
Unfortunately, the door swang both ways. Shoytal was parrying every one of his 
own attacks. The match continued this way for at least ten minutes. Neither of 
the fighters seemed to be tiring at all. 

	Shoytal parried a low thrust, and one end of his bo came up at Tenchi's 
head. Tenchi shimmied to his left to avoid the blow, but then the other end of 
the bo was going for his midsection. The prince altered the grip on his bocken 
and allowed the force of the blow to push him back. Shoytal followed up by 
twirling the weapon in front of him, which forced Tenchi to back off even more. 

	Tenchi reversed the grip on his weapon so that the tip was pointing down. 
He parried the next two attacks without any attempt at a counter. Shoytal came 
at him again, this time starting from the left. Tenchi dodged the first swipe 
and readied himself to meet the second. He made a clean parry of the second 
attack, pushed up, and ducked under the bo while reverting to a standard grip on 
his bocken. The weapon's wooden blade rolled around the bo until Tenchi was 
standing beside Shoytal. In one swift motion, Tenchi slapped both of Shoytal's 
hands, forcing him to drop the bo, and then placed the bocken's edge at the 
knight captain's throat.

	"Enough," ordered Katsuhito. 
	
	Tenchi lowered his bocken and stepped away from Shoytal. The knight 
captain retrieved the bo and bowed to Tenchi. "Your skill with the blade is 
excellent, Lord Tenchi. It was an honor to fight with you."

	"Uh, gee thanks, Shoytal," replied Tenchi with a nervous smile. "And just 
call me Tenchi, remember."

	Shoytal raised himself back up and smiled back. "Of course, Tenchi. I'm 
sure her Majesty can tell you that I have a problem with adding on titles when 
among friends."

	Before Tenchi could respond there was a thundering noise from above. 
Everyone gathered at the shrine looked up to see the oval shaped, green hulled 
ship known as the Loaded Dice. The air shimmered in front of Tenchi, and Ukarit 
appeared wearing a very bright blue business suit. The pink skinned gangster 
gave them all a large, green toothed smile.

	"That fight wasn't really pay per view quality, but it was still a crowd 
drawer," he bellowed. Tenchi walked over, and the two clasped hands. "So, my 
boy, how are your last days as a free man?"

	"Busy," he replied. "How was the trip here?"

	They stopped shaking hands, and Ukarit raised a finger indicating pause. 
He raised a communicator to his mouth. "Somar! I'm sure Red knows that we're 
here, so go ahead and park the Dice in the hanger."

	"Gotcha, boss," came Somar's voice over the communicator.

	Tenchi watched as a portal appeared in front of the Loaded Dice, and the 
ship flew in. "You know, I don't think that Washu would appreciate being called 
'Red'."

	Ukarit kept his smile as he put an arm around Tenchi's shoulders. "All 
women love nickname's, Tenchi."

	"Well, I usually leave that kind of stuff to Ryoko," admitted the prince. 
"She's a bit more creative when it comes to that kind of stuff."

	"I bet," said the gangster with a snicker. "I've heard her mention a 
certain thing called 'happy time' on occasion." Tenchi turned redder than an 
apple. This caused Ukarit to burst out laughing.

	With Ukarit's arrival, Katsuhito had officially canceled the rest of the 
training session. Everyone was now heading back down the steps to the house. 
Tenchi and Ukarit hung back a little bit talking quietly.

	"Did you get it?" asked Tenchi.

	Ukarit reached into his pocket and produced a red, velvet ring box. "I had 
to go nearly all the way back to the Rim in order to find the best ring smith 
for this job." He handed the box to Tenchi.

	"Thanks, Ukarit," he said. "I just had no time, and even if I did I 
wouldn't have been able to get out of here alone."

	The gangster waved his hand. "Don't mention it, kid. There ain't nothing I 
wouldn't do for my favorite partner."

	Tenchi opened the box and looked down at his wedding ring for Ryoko. Since 
he had only been able to give her a simple gold band as an engagement ring, he 
had wanted to go all out for the actual wedding ring. It was a solid gold band 
with a perfectly cut diamond just slightly smaller than his thumbnail. 
Surrounding the diamond, in a triangle pattern, were three rubies cut to look 
just like Ryoko's gems. Tenchi smiled as he gazed at the ring. Ryoko was going 
to love it.

	When they finally got back to the house, Tenchi quickly found himself a 
towel and started for the onsen. "Hey, Tenchi! Where ya going?" called Ukarit.

	"I'm gonna go take a bath, and then we can get something to eat."

	The pink man made a hurrying gesture at Tenchi. "Well hurry up then! We 
gotta get your party started!"

	Tenchi tilted his head slightly. "But it's only around noon, Ukarit."

	"So?" he answered with a shrug. "We've got a lot of bar hopping and strip 
clubs to go to!"

	Tenchi decided not to say anything else and just resumed heading for the 
onsen. Maybe it was his old survival instincts kicking in, but he suddenly had a 
very bad feeling about the rest of the day.

_____ 

	Tenchi was walking down the dock path to the front of the house. Suddenly 
the house shook slightly causing several female cries of anger followed by a 
high pitched wail.

	"I guess Kiyone and Mihoshi are here," he said to himself. 

	He opened the front door, took off his sandals, and started up the stairs 
when something started to pull on the back of his gi. Tenchi turned and looked 
down to see Mayuka standing there with a smile on her face.

	"Hello, my little jewel," he greeted her. He put down his towel and sat on 
the stairs. Mayuka wrapped her little arms around his neck in a hug, which he 
returned. "And what did I do to deserve such a great hug?" 

	The child giggled. "Cause I love my Daddy." She let go of him and pulled a 
note from the pocket of her yellow dress. "Mommy wanted me to give this to you."

	"Thank you, honey." He kissed her on the cheek. "Now go and play, and I'll 
see you again before I go out." She nodded happily and ran back to the kitchen. 

	Just before the child reached the kitchen there was a loud crash followed 
by a scream belonging to Kiyone. "Mihoshi! You dropped that on my foot!"

	"Sorry," whined the blond ditz. "Let me clean it up and help you, 
Kiyoneeeeeee..." There was another crash as Mihoshi undoubtedly hit the ground 
and probably everyone else in the kitchen.

	"Oh no!" cried Sasami. "My carrot cake!"

	"MEOW!" wailed Ryo-ohki.

	"Can't you do anything without causing a mess, Mihoshi?" scolded Ayeka. 
"No, Mayuka! Don't play in what's left of the cake!"

	Tenchi smiled and shook his head as he resumed going upstairs. "Some 
things never change," he mumbled.
	
	He reached his room and dropped his towel in the hamper. He looked at the 
note in his hand and walked out to the balcony. He found Ryoko sitting on the 
railing looking out at the lake. She was wearing a pair of loose, white pants, a 
white V top with purple sleeves, and a black waistband. He came up behind her 
and put his arms around her torso. He leaned around and kissed her right cheek. 
"You summoned me?"

	"I just wanted to see you once more before the boys dragged you away to be 
defiled in the name of all macho kind," she replied with a hint of sarcasm at 
the end.

	"Hey, I happen to know that the girls have planned something just as 
degrading for you tonight," he countered in defense. "Just to be on the safe 
side, I think we should close off the link for just tonight."

	She nodded. "I guess you're right. No need for me to feel guilty about 
licking whip cream off of a stripper's chest." Ryoko cried out with laughter as 
Tenchi's hands started tickling her for that comment.

	Soon they were both trying to tickle each other in a comical wrestling 
match. It wasn't long before they were rolling around on the balcony floor. 
Finally, Tenchi ended up with Ryoko under him. He pushed himself up slightly to 
look down at her. Her cyan hair was spread out behind her like a small pool of 
tropical water. Those golden feline eyes looked back at him with nothing but 
love.
	
	"You are so beautiful," he whispered. 

	Ryoko responded by grabbing the back of his head and pulling the prince 
down into a very passionate kiss. Things might have progressed to the next 
logical stage if not for one thing.

	"Hey, Tenchi!" bellowed Ukarit from downstairs. "When you two are finished 
with 'happy time' get your ass down here! We've got a schedule to keep!"

	Tenchi pulled his head up and gave Ryoko a look. "You really have to learn 
to watch what you say around him."

	The pirate looked back innocently. "I have no idea what you're talking 
about, my dear," she stated in a serious voice. She gave him another quick kiss 
and phased through the floor. "I'll see you tomorrow at the Shrine, lover," 
echoed her voice in his mind just before she closed off her end of the link.

	Tenchi pushed himself to his feet and walked back inside. He quickly 
dressed himself in a pair of tan slacks and buttoned on a green colored shirt. 
He grabbed the black jacket Ryoko had gotten him during their romp through the 
Rim systems and went downstairs. He only had enough time to hug Mayuka goodbye 
before he was immediately ushered outside by Ukarit. The gangster had borrowed a 
human body suit from Washu giving him the appearance of a bald man with a black 
goatee. 

	The prince was forcibly crammed into the already full van. The door was 
slammed shut, and Tenchi took a moment to look around. His father was in the 
driver's seat, and Ukarit was just getting into the passenger's chair. Shoytal, 
Verka, Gerin, Mastir, Nunar, Somar, and the Twins were all somehow stuffed in 
the back seats. They had all been provided with either jeans or slacks and 
shirts so that they could blend in while in town. 

	"All right, Noboyuki!" cheered Ukarit. "Let's get this buggy moving!"

	"I really think that at least one of us should stay behind to watch over 
her Majesty," suggested Shoytal.

	"Ah loosen up, Cap'n!" said Ukarit. "Cause tonight, we are gonna party!" 
Tenchi allowed himself one sigh before resigning himself to his fate for the 
evening. He shut off his end of the link and readied his entire being for the 
defiling of his life.

_____ 

	When one begins drinking time tends to pass quickly. Four of the five 
women sprawled out in various places in the living room were well on their way 
to being totally sloshed. Sasami was the only one sober. Ryoko grabbed another 
bottle of sake and leaned close to the teenager.

	"Come on, kiddo. Have a sip." She waved the bottle under Sasami's nose.

	Ayeka reached over the coffee table and grabbed the bottle from Ryoko. 
"She most certainly will not, Ryoko!" The Juraian Empress began pouring herself 
another glass. "I still say she should not even be here. She should have gone up 
to the Shrine with my brother and Mayuka." She downed the glass in one gulp and 
straightened her purple and white kimono.

	"Oh, give it a rest, princess," snapped Ryoko. "There's going to be a lot 
of girl talk going on here, and Sasami has to learn about this kind of stuff 
sooner or later." She grinned at the younger princess. "Especially since she has 
a boyfriend."

	Ayeka spit out the sake in her mouth. "What?"

	"Vou havefh a voyfrien?" asked Mihoshi through a mouthful of cake. Cake 
crumbs fell out of her mouth and landed all over her slacks and white blouse.

	"Is he cute, Sasami?" asked Kiyone. The GP started to smooth out her jeans 
and gray sweater as if it were her boyfriend. 

	"He must be," concluded Ryoko. "Check out how red she's getting." Both 
Ryoko and Kiyone burst out laughing.

	Sasami lowered her very red face slightly. "He's not my boyfriend," she 
muttered. "He only kissed me once," she admitted in a quiet voice.

	Ayeka started choking on air. "H...h...he kissed you!" The Empress turned 
her fiery gaze at the still laughing Ryoko. "This is all your fault! You should 
be watching over her more closely!"

	Ryoko took a deep breath to steady herself before meeting Ayeka's gaze. 
"Oh, you're just jealous, girly girl, because Mr. Knight hasn't put the moves on 
you yet."

	Rage intensified by alcohol, Ayeka leapt at Ryoko. The pirate vanished, 
and the purple haired woman landed on the couch. "Ha ha! Too slow, Ayeka!"

	"Will you two please stop," begged Sasami. "It's not really that big a 
deal."

	"I will not have some ruffian deflowering you, Sasami!" proclaimed Ayeka. 
She was perched on the edge of the couch with one arm raised in the air.

	"You won't let him...'deflower' her?" cackled Ryoko. She was laughing so 
hard that she started spinning end over end through the air.

	"Why don't I go and see what's keeping Washu and her surprise," said a now 
recovered Kiyone. The GP got up and walked over to the closet door.

	"And I'll go and get the presents!" added Mihoshi.

	Hearing the words "surprise" and "presents" Ryoko immediately stopped 
laughing and teleported back to one of the chairs. Maybe it was the sake taking 
affect, but Ryoko was suddenly filled with a sense of excitement.

____ 

	Strip clubs. Tenchi had always been curious what it was really like inside 
one, but he had never really cared enough either to actually go to one. This 
time, however, the prince figured he was going to get the full experience 
whether he cared or not. Between Noboyuki and Ukarit, the group of men had 
finally found a club that fit the requirements for the party. Tenchi had been 
ushered inside so fast, that he hadn't even had enough time to see the name of 
the place. The group had been there for a couple of hours now, and it was 
definitely showing. 

	Noboyuki, Ukarit, and Verka were already very plastered. Tenchi couldn't 
tell with the Twins, but Somar was also showing signs of intoxication. Gerin and 
Mastir had been more interested in the dancing ladies that the liquor, for now. 
He knew that Nunar had partaken of a few brews, but the short, silent knight 
didn't show it at all. Tenchi and Shoytal were the only ones not anywhere's near 
drunk. At this point, Tenchi found himself sitting between Gerin and Mastir 
watching a large breasted brunette dancing around a pole, while Gerin commented 
on how limber she was.

	"I once knew a girl, who could twist herself in three different 
directions," said the red headed knight.

	"If I remember correctly, Gerin," interrupted Mastir. "The truth was she 
could twist you in three different directions."

	Gerin shrugged. "Almost the same thing."

	Ukarit's laughter reached them from the bar. "So then Tenchi comes into 
the bar, and Ryoko sticks him right in front of our blasters!" Noboyuki and 
Verka burst into fits of laughter.

	Tenchi excused himself from watching the stripper and walked over to the 
bar. "What's so funny?" he asked the three men.

	Noboyuki staggered to his feet and threw his arm around Tenchi. "Do not, 
wurrrry, my shun. We were jush tellink shum shtoriesh."

	"Yes, Lord Tenchi," added Verka. "It seems you have had a most amusing 
life over the past few years." The large knight grabbed a pitcher of beer and 
began chugging it.

	The other three watched in amazement until all the beer was gone. "Now 
that was impressive!" exclaimed Ukarit. He turned to Tenchi and smiled 
drunkenly. "Okay, Tenchi. It's time for you to experience something loved by all 
men across the universe. The Lap Dance!"

	Ukarit waved over a busty blond in a leather bikini. He pushed Tenchi into 
a chair smiling the whole while. "Now just sit back and enjoy, my boy!"

	The blond stripper smiled seductively at Tenchi and started to dance 
towards him. Tenchi swallowed and thanked god that Ryoko wasn't there. The 
stripper was just nearing him, when a meaty hand grabbed her by the arm and 
pulled her away. Tenchi followed the action to a large, muscular man in jeans 
and a brown leather vest. His head sported a black crew cut, and he had piercing 
brown eyes. "This chick is dancing for me, punk!" he snapped at Tenchi.

	Ukarit calmly, if only a little unsteady, walked over to the large man. 
"Now there's no need to be so rude, my muscular friend." He gestured over to 
Tenchi. "This is my friend's last night as a single man, and we're just showing 
him a good time. Now, why don't I buy you a drink until the lady is finished 
dancing for him?"

	The brute threw the girl to the side pushed Ukarit away. "You mean to tell 
me that someone is actually marrying this little punk?" he snarled with a meaty 
finger pointed at Tenchi.

	Shoytal was suddenly there. The knight captain was tall, and this man 
glowered down at him. "No one speaks about Lord Tenchi like that."

	Tenchi was up now. He quickly put himself between Shoytal and the 
troublemaker. The prince rested his right hand on Shoytal's left shoulder. "Take 
it easy, Shoytal. Let's just let it go and leave." The knight captain 
reluctantly started to step back.

	"That's right, ya little prick," barked the ruffian. "Tell your boyfriend 
to back off, and then go running back to whatever skank's gonna marry you."

	Tenchi stopped and turned to face the large brute. The guy was at least a 
foot taller. "What did you say?"

	He poked Tenchi in the chest. "You heard me, pipsqueak. Go home to that 
sloppy whore. That's probably the only way you'd ever get a woman is to pay for 
it!" He started laughing, as did several men behind him. 

	Now, Tenchi was normally a very laid back fellow. In all of his years, he 
had always thought of himself as sensible and not quick to temper. He had always 
prided himself on being able to work through any problem without having to 
resort to violence. 

	This was not going to be one of those times.

	For just a brief moment three green triangles appeared on Tenchi's 
forehead as he brought his right hand back to punch. The large man stopped 
laughing just in time to see Tenchi's fist connect with his nose. Fueled by the 
power of his Light Hawk Wings, Tenchi's punch sent the ruffian flying across the 
bar. And so it was that Tenchi started the bar fight.

_____ 

	"So what's this supposed to do?" asked Ryoko as she held up a bottle 
filled with green liquid.

	"I picked it up on my way back from the new HQ," answered Kiyone. "It's 
some sort of massage oil that acts as a stimulant too." 

	"Oh really?" purred Ryoko while looking it over. "Gonna have to try this 
out." She placed the bottle down next to the rest of the presents. There was a 
piece of white lingerie made of Juraian silk from Ayeka, some incense candles 
from Sasami, and something she suspected was a sex toy from Mihoshi. Part of 
Ryoko was curious about that last present, but the rest of her really didn't 
want to know.

	Ryoko looked around until she spotted Washu, still wearing her clothes, 
sitting on the couch. "Okay, mom. Your turn."

	Washu flashed them all a smile only a mad scientist would love. "My 
present for the evening is of the entertainment genre."

	"Porn?" asked Ryoko with a straight face.

	"I certainly hope not!" squeaked Ayeka.

	"Better!" said Washu after a second. She snapped her fingers and a metal 
controller appeared in her right hand. She punched some of its buttons. "Behold! 
My Stripomen Five Thousands!"

	The door to her lab flew open, and three very tan, very muscular, and very 
large men wearing only bikini briefs walked into the living room. Erotic music 
filled the air to go along with the new arrivals. Ayeka's hand shot out to cover 
Sasami's eyes, but the younger princess easily dodged the attempt. Mihoshi was 
blushing and giggling uncontrollably, and Kiyone was actually hooting at them. 
Ryoko swallowed as she watched one of them walk over to her and start dancing.

	"Wow, mom," breathed Ryoko. "They're...very life like." She looked over 
the one dancing in front of her. "In all aspects." It wasn't long before all the 
women in the room, including a very hesitant Ayeka, were dancing with the 
Stripomen. Things might have staid that way if not for one thing and one thing 
only. 

	The Mihoshi factor. 

	The ditz was dancing with one of the Stripomen, when she accidentally 
stepped on Kiyone's foot. The teal haired woman threw her arms back in surprise 
nailing Mihoshi right in the face. Mihoshi then stumbled backwards into one of 
the other Stripomen who was dancing with Washu. The fake man lost his balance 
and fell on top of the surprised genius. As Washu tumbled downward, the remote 
control for the Stripomen flew from her hands.

	"The remote!" she cried out.

	""I got it!" shouted Mihoshi. The blond GP dove over the couch in an 
attempt to catch it. She might have actually done it if her left foot hadn't 
gotten caught on the arm of the couch. 

	The remote bounced off of the couch, high into the air, and landed hard on 
the edge of the coffee table. There was a small explosion after the remote 
shattered into pieces. All eyes turned to Mihoshi.

	She smiled weakly at them. "Ooopps. Sorry."

	Suddenly, Ayeka screamed as one of the Stripomen grabbed her rear. "Hey, 
hot mama! How 'bout some sugar for daddy?" said the Stripoman.

	Ryoko turned around just as the one she had been dancing with reached for 
her chest. A solid punch sent it flying across the room. "What the hell just 
happened?" 

	Somehow, Washu scrambled away from the Stripoman on top of her and ran to 
her daughter's side. "Well, these things have other settings besides dance." 
Ryoko glared at her, and the genius smiled weakly. "When Mihoshi broke the 
remote, I think she got them stuck on..."

	"Horny?" finished Kiyone. She slapped one of them away and ran over to 
Ryoko and Washu. By now all the women were gathered together. "So what should we 
do?"

	A red ball of energy appeared in Ryoko's right hand. "Recycle 'em." The 
three Stripomen were now advancing on them shouting crude suggestions.

	"I wouldn't do that, Ryoko," warned Washu. "There kinda running 
ongemenergy," she finished quickly.

	"Did you just say these three horny robots are running on gem energy?" 
screamed Ayeka. 

	Washu nodded. "Which means if they go boom, so does everything for a 
hundred miles."

	Ryoko let the energy in her hands dissipate. The Stripomen were getting 
closer. "So what do we do then?"

	Washu looked them all in the eyes and suddenly bolted for the door. "RUN!"

	The next several minutes consisted of the Stripomen chasing all the women 
around the house while asking them in various ways for sexual favors. It took 
several trips, but Ryoko was finally able to teleport everyone outside down to 
the lake shore. The Stripomen's desperate cries for sex could be heard in the 
distance.

	Ryoko crossed her arms and dropped down to the ground. "Well isn't this 
just great."

_____ 

	Tenchi grimaced as he watched the cell door slam shut. "Well isn't this 
just great," he muttered.

	He turned around and walked over to the bench where Ukarit, Mastir, and 
Shoytal were sitting. The group was split up between three cells. Tenchi sighed 
and rubbed his jaw as he sat down. The others were all sporting various bruises 
and cuts from the fight.

	"Did you reach anyone?" asked Ukarit.

	Tenchi shook his head. "Nope. There was no answer at the house. When it's 
your turn try calling Kiyone's pager. She works here and might be able to help 
us out."

_____ 

	"Okay. What do we do?" asked Ryoko.

	"Well, we could try and run them down," suggested Washu.

	"How do we do that, Washu?" asked Sasami. Washu gave her a half smile 
causing the teenager to blush.

	"I...don't think so, Washu," said Kiyone. "I like my men real."

	"Don't even suggest that, Miss Washu," growled Ayeka.

	Washu shrugged. "Well, the next best thing is to lure them into my lab. 
Once in there I can probably take care of them easily."

	"K," agreed Ryoko. "But how do we get them in there?"

	"Someone will have to be bait," Washu stated with a knowing smile at her 
daughter.

	Ryoko started shaking her head. "Oh no! Why me? I'm getting married 
tomorrow, and you want me to go and be bait for three sex crazed robots?"

	"Oh it shouldn't be too hard for you, darling," commented Ayeka. "After 
all, you do think alike."

	"Shove it, Ayeka," growled Ryoko through clenched teeth.

	"You are the fastest, my dear," admitted Washu. "Plus, since you have no 
problem being naked it'll be easier for you to get their attentions."

	Steam was literally rising off of Ryoko's body. "Fine," she relented. 
"I'll distract the sexbots while you open up the lab."

	The group carefully made their way back to the house. The three Stripomen 
were wandering around the back yard calling out for the ladies. Ryoko phased out 
of her clothes and started floating towards them. The pirate suddenly realized 
that she didn't enjoy walking around in the nude for all to see as much as she 
had used to. In fact, she suddenly felt very ashamed. "Dammit," she mumbled. 
"I'm maturing."

	It didn't take long for the Stripomen to spot her. Ryoko lead the three 
sex crazed creations on a merry chase around the yard while the others snuck 
inside the house. She received a mental ping that Washu was ready. Phasing 
through the back doors, Ryoko flew right to the lab entrance and stopped. The 
three Stripomen were running right for her like runaway trains. The pirate 
teleported away at the last second, and the Stripomen continued into the lab. 
The door slammed shut, and Ryoko phased back into her clothes.

	"Phew," she sighed. "That's the last party I let you guys throw me."

_____ 

	The door disappeared, and Washu stood facing her three creations. There 
was a flash around her, and the genius was wearing a nurse's uniform.

	"Okay, boys," she purred lustfully. "Let's see if you three can out last 
that pink bunny."

_____ 

	Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi spent the next hour cleaning up 
the messes made by the Stripomen. "Has anyone seen my pager?" asked Kiyone. 

	"Here, Kiyone," said Sasami. The teenager pulled the small green object 
from her pocket. "I found it under the couch."

	"Thanks, Sasami." She took it and checked the screen. "Hmm, the station 
called. Mind if I use the phone, Ryoko?"

	 "Go ahead," she called over her shoulder. Kiyone walked off as Ryoko 
finished putting away her presents. The door to Washu's lab opened and closed. 
She turned to look and smiled knowingly at her mother. "Shame on you," she 
teased.

	Washu was wearing her green lab dress and a *very* satisfied smile. "I 
really am a genius," she commented. 

	A thought suddenly crossed Ryoko's mind. She looked around to see if she 
and Washu were alone. Kiyone was in the hall on the phone, and the other three 
were in the kitchen cleaning up. "Washu? Can I talk to you about something 
important?"

	Washu picked up on the serious feeling coming from Ryoko. "Of course, my 
little one." She sat down on the couch and patted the space next to her. "Sit 
down and tell mom all about it."

	Ryoko walked over and sat down. "Well," she began. "It's about me and 
Tenchi." Washu raised an eyebrow. "Not that," snapped Ryoko. "You see, the other 
day I realized something was bothering Tenchi, and last night he let it slip 
through his subconscious across our link." Ryoko hesitated for a moment.

	"What is it?" prompted Washu.

	"Tenchi's afraid he's going to grow old while I stay young." She looked at 
her mother with near tears in her eyes. "Is there anything you can do about 
this?" Ryoko was taken back as Washu started to chuckle. "This isn't funny, 
Washu!"

	"I'm not laughing because it is funny, my Little Ryoko," confessed the 
genius. "I was just amused at how long it took one of you to ask me about this." 
Ryoko was surprised as Washu put an arm around her. "Ryoko, how long do you 
think you will live?"

	She shrugged. "I dunno."

	Washu pointed to all of Ryoko's gems. "These hold my power as a goddess. 
That power runs through your very being, and, therefore, it is a part of you. 
Tenchi has a similar power. He has a part of Tsunami's goddess power running 
through him as well."

	Ryoko shook her head. "I don't understand. What do you mean?"

	Washu smiled warmly at her daughter. "I hate to break it to you, but as 
long as neither of you gets killed by conventional means...," she paused and 
leaned closer. "You two will live forever."

	Ryoko's golden eyes went wide. "Are you serious?"

	Washu nodded. "Tenchi's Jurai power had already extended his lifespan, but 
thanks to that little bit of divine energy you two have from Tsunami and myself 
you're immortal."
	
	Joy filled Ryoko from head to toe. She threw her arms around her mother 
and gave her a bone crushing hug. "You don't know how happy this makes me!" A 
small choking noise from Washu was the only response. Ryoko released her 
immediately and apologized.

	The cyan haired beauty's revelry was suddenly broken by a shout from the 
hall. "What!?" cried Kiyone. "Stupid idiots!" She slammed the phone down and 
walked back into the living room. "Washu, can I talk to you for a minute?"

_____ 

	"Tenchi Masaki?" called an officer.

	Tenchi got up and walked to the cell door. "That's me."

	The policeman unlocked the door and slid it open. "Bail's been paid. You 
and your friends are free to go."
	
	One by one, Tenchi and his friends all left the cellblock of the Okayama 
police station. He was the first to spot Kiyone and Washu standing at the 
processing station. Kiyone did not look happy at all, and Washu's face was 
unreadable. The teal haired woman smacked each man in the back of the head as 
they passed her. Tenchi was surprised to see that it was already morning. Once 
outside, he saw the family van and Kiyone's car. 

	"Tenchi will take me back in Kiyone's car," Washu told them all. 
"Kiyone'll drive the lot of you back in the van." The tone of her voice did not 
allow for any arguments.

	Tenchi quietly got into Kiyone's black car and started the engine. Washu 
seated herself in the passenger's seat, and they were off. There was silence for 
the first few minutes of the drive. Finally, Tenchi spoke. "Does Ryoko know?" 
Washu nodded. "I'm a dead man."

	"Pretty much," agreed Washu. "I'm not gonna lie to you, Tenchi. She's 
pissed. This isn't really the kinda news she expected to get on the day of her 
wedding."

	"What should I do?" he asked her.

	"I can't tell you that, Tenchi," she answered without looking at him. "You 
kids are all grown up now, and you have to figure these things out for 
yourselves."

	"What about the the strip club?" asked Tenchi. "We were told they were 
going to press charges."

	"That I did help you guys with," answered Washu. "I've helped the strip 
club owner to forget about last night's events. Also, any records from the 
police station have been erased." She gave him one of her genius smiles. "We 
can't have illegal aliens with criminal records, now can we?"

	The rest of the trip home was done in silence. When they passed Azaka and 
Kamidake, Tenchi felt a pit growing inside his stomach. He stopped and got out 
of the car just as the van pulled up behind him. Ukarit was the first one out. 
He had discarded his human skin and was pink once more. 
	
	The gangster gave Tenchi a swift pat on the back. "Time to face the music, 
kid. I'm gonna go an call in the caterers from the moon base. Good luck." He 
gave Tenchi one more pat and walked off.

	The rest of the men walked down the dock towards a frowning Ayeka. She 
ignored Tenchi all together. Any look or lecture she gave him would have been 
nothing compared to what most likely awaited the prince. Tenchi looked past 
Ayeka at the house. His eyes immediately went to the third floor balcony and 
Ryoko watching from it. It was only a couple more minutes before Tenchi was 
standing in the door way to his and Ryoko's room. The door to the balcony was 
open, and Ryoko was directly ahead of him.

	"Ryoko?" he said carefully. She didn't turn around. He stepped on to the 
balcony. "I can explain," he told her.

	Tenchi stopped just a couple of feet away. "Ryoko?" This time she slowly 
turned around to face him. He gave her a small smile and received a punch to the 
face in response. The prince was out cold before he even hit the ground.

_____ 

	The right side of his face was throbbing. That was the first thing Tenchi 
noticed after he regained consciousness. The next thing he noticed was the soft 
cushion under him, and then there was something softer under his head. Finally, 
he noticed delicate fingers gently caressing the left side of his face. One eye 
at a time, Tenchi brought himself back to the waking world. The first thing he 
saw was Ryoko smiling down at him.

	"You hit me," he whispered. "Hard."

	"Well you deserved it, my precious one," she replied sweetly. "Going off 
and getting arrested without me, and on the day of our wedding. You naughty 
little man."

	"What ever happened to always keeping me safe from harm?" he asked.
	
	"You are safe, my Tenchi," she told him. "That was just a love tap. I was 
really worried when I found out you were in jail, and you know how I get when 
I'm worried." She tweaked his nose. "We're going to be together for a long time, 
pal, so you're just gonna have to get used to it."

	Ryoko's words sparked Tenchi's one fear about their marriage. "Ryoko? 
There's something I need to talk to you about."

	Her smile never wavered. "It's okay, Tenchi. I already know."

	Tenchi pulled himself up to a sitting position with a surprised look on 
his face. "You do? How?"

	The pirate reached out and placed her right index finger over his lips. 
"Your thoughts tend to stray across the link while you sleep." She removed her 
finger and took his hands. "Why didn't you say something sooner?"

	Tenchi gripped her hands tightly. "I was afraid," he admitted. "I'm still 
afraid. I don't want to lose you."

	"Oh you sweet sweet man." Ryoko quickly cupped his face and kissed him 
fiercely. The right side of Tenchi's face flashed with pain, but he ignored it 
and focused on returning the kiss.

	"So now what?" asked Tenchi after the kiss ended. "We still have the 
problem of my aging."

	"Don't worry about it, Tenchi," she told him. "It's all taken care of."

	Tenchi suddenly saw a series of images and emotions come across their 
link. It only took a few seconds for him to understand all that Washu had 
explained to Ryoko the night before. The prince realized he was hugging his 
bride to be very tightly, now. He moved so that her eyes were level with his 
own.

	"Let's go get married," he told her warmly.

_____ 

	It was only an hour until the ceremony. Ryoko was sitting in a green 
kimono in front of her dresser mirror attempting to put on a little bit of 
makeup. The pirate normally didn't bother with the stuff, but today was special 
so she figured a little bit of red lipstick would be all right. The only problem 
was her hands wouldn't stop shaking long enough to put it on. The knock at the 
door was a grateful excuse to put the lipstick brush down.

	"It's open," she called out.

	The door slid open to reveal Ayeka standing in the door. The Empress was 
dressed in her royal attire from head to toe. "May I come in?" Ryoko nodded, and 
the other woman entered. "How are you doing?" she asked with a smile.

	Ryoko chuckled. "Fine, except that I can't quite get my hands to stop 
shaking long enough to put this damned lipstick on." 

	Ayeka pulled up a stool and sat down in front of Ryoko. "Here, let me do 
it." Ryoko hesitated for a moment. "I promise no clown lips this time," she said 
after a sigh. 

	"Better not," threatened Ryoko as she handed over the brush.

	The two of them sat there in silence while Ayeka applied the lipstick. 
After a minute or so the task was done. "There," said Ayeka happily. "Not as 
beautiful as me, but a good start."

	"Ha ha," replied Ryoko. She got up and walked over to the closet. She 
opened it up and took out a white wedding kimono and hung it up on the door. 
"Well, this is it."

	Ayeka rose and folded her arms. "I cannot believe that after today you 
will be a member of the Royal family," she said with a smirk. "Tsunami help us 
all."

	"Face it, princess," the pirate gloated. "We're gonna be family." When 
there was no retort, Ryoko turned around to see the Empress with a saddened look 
on her face. "What's the matter?"

	"Family," Ayeka said wistfully. "That's my problem." She looked up at 
Ryoko with true grief in her eyes. "You, Tenchi, Sasami, Mayuka, and my brother 
all get to be a family while my station once again forces me away from those I 
care about." She sighed and sat back down on the stool. "I'm all alone again, 
Ryoko."

	Seeing her friend in need of help, Ryoko set aside all her prepared barbs 
and walked over. She knelt down and looked Ayeka in the eyes. "What about Mr. 
Military?"

	Ayeka turned her head away. "I do not know what you are talking about."

	"Stow the act, princess," ordered Ryoko. "I know you better than that. I 
can see you're interested in him. Why not do something about it?"

	Ayeka's head drooped. "I...can't. I am not really sure how. I have been 
taught all my life to hold my emotions in check and to never let them take 
control." She made a small laugh. "The only man I could ever really open up to 
was Tenchi."

	"You're the one in charge now, right?" asked Ryoko. "Since you are the one 
making the rules, just go up and give the big stud a wet one right on his lips." 
The pirate smirked and raised an eyebrow. "Who's gonna stop you?"

	"I cannot do something like that, Ryoko," replied the Empress in a quiet 
voice. "It is just not proper."

	"To hell with being proper," stated Ryoko. "If you like the guy just tell 
him. Are you afraid he doesn't feel the same?"

	Ayeka absently traced the scar running down the left side of her face. 
"No. I know he has some feelings for me." She paused for a moment. "He...he 
tried to kiss me once."

	"What?" gasped Ryoko. "What happened?"

	"I stopped him and said I loved another," continued Ayeka. Ryoko loosed an 
exasperated grunt and punched Ayeka in the arm. "Well I did at the time," she 
said in defense. "This was during the war before Lord Tenchi had made his 
choice."

	"All right, but that was two years ago, Ayeka," admonished Ryoko. "There's 
nothing holding you back except stupid pride." She stood up and placed both 
hands on her hips. "Sometimes you just gotta put everything on the line and go 
for it." She grabbed Ayeka by the arms and steered her towards the door. "No get 
outta her cause I have to change."

_____ 

	"Okay just set the chairs up around here," Washu told one of the caterers. 
The former goddess and soon to be mother in law was wearing a red and black 
swirl patterned dress that ran to her knees with her mane of spiky red hair 
flowing free in all its natural glory. 

	The caterers finished setting up rows of chairs around the Shrine proper 
just as the wedding guests started to arrive. The former Juraian Queens Misaki 
and Funaho appeared at the top of the stairs with a Azusa in a hover chair 
between them. The former Emperor sat in the chair with a far off look in his 
vacant eyes. He had awakened from his coma years ago, but there just hadn't been 
any life behind his eyes since. As Washu watched the three of them continue 
forward, followed by at least two dozen Juraian nobles, she got a distinct 
feeling in her mind that there was something...wrong. Washu quickly cleared away 
such thoughts just before Misaki latched on to her with a bone crushing hug 
spewing things about becoming a grandma and mother in law. Washu was quick to 
point out Tenchi standing near the Shrine, which caused to blue haired woman to 
dash off in that direction.

	Washu greeted Funaho and Azusa, although the latter didn't move at all. 
Next to arrive was Admiral Judroa accompanied by his aides. The genius and the 
Admiral greeted each other with bows. A smile spread across Washu's face as 
Tristu and his small delegation crested the steps. She greeted her old friend 
with a hug, and he returned the greeting by grabbing her ass. Washu slapped him, 
not hard, in the direction of his seat. Finally, Kiyone and Mihoshi, in dress 
uniforms, lead a delegation of new Galaxy Police senior officers into the Shrine 
proper.

	The red haired scientist gave the scene a once over and nodded with 
satisfaction. Tenchi in his formal kimono was standing in front of the Shrine 
with Katsuhito. The rest of immediate family and close friends were sitting in 
the front rows. Sasami was next to her mother, who was gushing over her little 
girl growing up, wearing her own set of formal Juraian robes. Ukarit and his 
boys were dressed in Earth style tuxedos and standing by off to the side. Four 
of Ayeka's Royal guard were in full ceremonial armor and flanking the spots 
where Tenchi and Ryoko would be standing. Noboyuki, in his own tuxedo, was 
wandering around the proper with his video camera constantly blubbering about 
how proud of Tenchi he was.

	"Now, the only thing we're missing is the bride," muttered Washu to 
herself.

_____ 

	Ayeka was standing in at the front door of the Masaki home tapping her 
right foot impatiently. "Ryoko!" she shouted into the house. "It's time! Hurry 
up, you lazy bum!"

	"I'll be down in a minute!" came the pirate's voice from somewhere inside. 
"Just keep your panties on!"

	Ayeka huffed and walked into the front yard. Just then she noticed Shoytal 
walking across the bridge in his ceremonial armor. He stopped before her and 
bowed his head slightly. "I wanted to inform her Majesty that your parents have 
arrived, and that they are with the rest of the guests at the Shrine."

	"Thank you, Shoytal." The conversation with Ryoko earlier quickly replayed 
in her mind. "Shoytal..." she started to say.

	"Yes, Ayeka?" he asked.

	The words were there in her mind, but they just wouldn't come out of her 
mouth. "Just go up and give the big stud a wet one right on his lips," Ryoko's 
words echoed in her thoughts.
	
	Throwing caution to the wind, Ayeka took two very shaky steps towards 
Shoytal, reached up with her hands, grabbed his head, and pulled him into a 
kiss. The kiss lasted for a few moments, and all the while Ayeka's heart was 
beating a mile a minute. It ended, and she released a very surprised and dazed 
Shoytal. A satisfied smile crept on to the Empress' face.

	She hiked up her robes and strode past the still dazed Shoytal. "Come 
along, Captain. We have a wedding to attend."

	"Yes, Ma'am," was all he managed.

_____ 

	Tenchi felt as though his heart was going to burst out of his chest. 
Everyone was either seated or standing off to the sides awaiting the arrival of 
Ryoko. Ayeka and a rather dazed looking Shoytal had arrived moments before 
saying she was just behind them. Washu, who was standing at the top of the 
steps, suddenly turned her head towards the Shrine and nodded. Sasami got up 
from her seat and hurried to the back of the aisle. She leaned down behind the 
back chairs and whispered something. Tenchi could not help but smile as Mayuka 
and toddler Ryo-ohki, both in little white dresses, walked down the aisle 
throwing cherry blossoms everywhere.

	The two of them stopped when they reached Tenchi. Sasami returned to her 
seat with Mayuka in her lap, and Ryo-ohki climbed into Misaki's waiting arms and 
lap. There was a familiar tingling sensation in the back of Tenchi's mind, and 
Ryoko appeared next to Washu at the top of the steps. Tenchi watched with 
unparalleled joy as his beloved walked towards him holding a bouquet of assorted 
flowers. She wore a beautiful white kimono with the hood pulled over her head. 
Tenchi could feel Ryoko's excitement long before he saw it in her golden eyes. 
She stopped right in front of his grandfather and turned to face Tenchi. Ryoko 
winked once at him.

	The two lovers stood facing each other while Katsuhito preformed the 
better part of the ceremony. "And now the bride and groom wish to speak their 
own vows," proclaimed the old man to all those gathered.

	Tenchi cleared his throat and began. "Ryoko, you are the love of my life. 
You are the one who gives me the courage to face life and all its challenges. 
When I was young, you were the one who played with me, watched over me, 
comforted me, and loved me in silence. And although I did not know it was you, 
my heart did. Now that which you have guarded all these years belongs to you and 
you alone. Ryoko, my heart is yours. Now and forever."

	Tears were streaming down Ryoko's face, but her smile told all gathered 
that they were tears of happiness. Without bothering to wipe them away, Ryoko 
began speaking. "Tenchi, you saved me. When I say that I don't just mean all 
those times in battle. You saved my soul from falling into darkness. When you 
first saw me, you didn't see the pirate or the demon. You saw me. From that 
moment on I knew that I loved you. I will never love another as I do you. You 
have given me your heart, and in return I only ask that you continue to keep 
mine safe just as you always have. Now and forever."

	"Please exchange your rings." Tenchi gently took Ryoko's hand and placed 
the diamond and ruby ring on her left ring finger. Ryoko slid a simple gold band 
on to Tenchi's left ring finger.

	Katsuhito raised his hands above Tenchi and Ryoko. "Unless there are any 
objections, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." The 
couple had already started kissing at the word "I". Cheers erupted from all 
those gathered. 

	Tenchi and Ryoko continued to kiss. A bond that had been created over 
twenty years ago had just been solidified. These two had gone through and 
survived all the challenges set before them. 

	They had bonded through friendship, hardships, and destiney. But most of 
all, these two souls were bonded through love. 

	


...Fin


More notes- all righty then. I hope you have enjoyed this little fic o mine. I 
also hope that I have lived up to any standards I set for myself with the last 
story. Once again thanks to all those who have told me how much they enjoy this 
series. 

Just to clear up a couple of possible questions. I know I made Tenchi taller. I 
did this using some evidence I have seen. Since I own most of the Tenchi stuff 
on DVD, I watch it a hell of a lot. Yes, in OVA 1 and 2 he is not taller than 
Ryoko. But in MNE, he is slightly taller than she is. Another bit of evidence 
comes from Tenchi Forever (I know I'm crossing over the continuality line, but 
let me explain). We see there that he will get taller as he grows older. I know 
those are different universes, but Tenchi is still genetically Tenchi in both. 
He is a 1/8 Juraian in OVA and 1/4 in Universe. Therefore, I am guessing that 
the genetics are the same either way. These are the reasons why I make him 
taller, that and the fact that male puberty can last as long as 22 or 23.

Look for my next story "Bundles of Joy" probably some time next month. I think  
you can guess what that one will be about.

Later

Roas Atrades
	

	 

	   

	
