Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or TM related characters. All I get out of 
writing these stories is the fulfillment of my demented fantasies. And I don't 
own the ending dialogue, it's the property of the creators of Parasite Eve2. I 
don't get fame, money, pride or power, so don't sue! Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* * *~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


    The Fourth Book Of

~ Heartstrings ~

 

* Book D ~ Chapter IV ~ Valley Of The Shadow *

 

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Ryoko sat dazed and silent on her couch. 'Dead!' She thought. 'It can't be true, 
can it? Surely, I would have felt something. Or maybe....maybe it is
true, and I just didn't know because I'm not wearing my last gem. And I haven't 
been wearing it for the past five years.'

 

Kiyone and Nagi watched her shake her head and then squeeze her eyes shut. Then 
her lip began quivering as a few tears formed in her eyes.

 

"Ryoko."

 

Ikera had sat down beside her and placed her hand on her arm. Ryoko lifted her 
head and fought back the other tears.

 

Kiyone looked away, afraid that her own barrier on her emotions would break 
down. She didn't need to be connected to Ryoko to know the kind
of pain she was feeling at the moment.

 

From somewhere behind Kiyone and Nagi, a quick and steady beep pulsed through 
the uncomfortable silence. Nagi moved out of the screen's
view and the beeping stopped.

 

Kiyone grimaced as her mind thought back to the night Washu had disappeared. It 
had been terrible, in the least to say, and the time and
frustration that had weighed heavily on her heart was beginning to get the 
better of her.

 

"Ryoko." Kiyone whispered. "Would you have any idea at all on how we can at 
least get a lead or a clue on to where Washu may be?"

 

Ryoko's long blue hair swayed back and forth as she shook her head no. She drew 
her eyes upward to see the GP officer frowning. She hung her
head and sighed.

 

"There may be a way though. I didn't notice that Washu had been taken off of 
Earth, because when I arrived here, I put my gem away. I thought it
best if I didn't have it on me. So for the past five years, it's been collecting 
dust in my jewelry box. I may be able to pick something up with it."
Ryoko stated.

 

Kiyone's face brightened a bit as she nodded. "It's worth a shot."

 

Kiyone was about to say more when Nagi called out to her, a bit of distress and 
urgency was evident in her voice. Kiyone got up and moved
beside Nagi to see what had troubled the bounty hunter so much.

 

When she returned to the vid-screen, her face had drained of color, and her eyes 
seemed to be staring off into the distance.

 

"What's wrong?" Ryoko asked worriedly.

 

Kiyone adverted her gaze from Ryoko's worry etched face. "The Galaxy Police just 
received an anomonous stress signal. They couldn't trace it,
but, apparently whoever sent it knows what's going on."

 

A glint of hope lingered in Ryoko's golden eyes. "And?!"

 

"Well, it says that they know who was behind the Alpha-Centauri massacres. But, 
most importantly, the message said that they were trying to
reach Princess Ayeka and anyone who was associated with her on Earth."

 

Ryoko cocked her. "So, would that mean, us?"

 

Kiyone arched an eyebrow. "I guess. GPHQ picked it up and because Mihoshi and I 
are the patrol team for Earth, they sent it to us. They think it
may also have something to do with Washu's disappearance and death."

 

"Don't say that. She can't be dead." Ryoko corrected her harshly.

 

Kiyone didn't even argue her point. "But, they recently received another message 
saying that if they felt like they could stop any more innocent
deaths, then we should head to Jurai right away. That's where this sick and 
twisted bastard is striking next. What do you say?"

 

"I believe it. We should go." Ryoko answered quickly.

 

"I don't know Ryoko. Are you sure?" Kiyone asked flatly.

 

"If Ryoko says that she believes the messages, then you should have faith in 
her. What kind of friend questions another friends opinion?" Ikera
asked dryly.

 

Kiyone looked the teenager and then back to Ryoko. "You are right. We have 
always relied on Ryoko's gut feelings to get us through. When do
you want to leave?"

 

Ryoko looked at Ikera. "It'll take you at least a day and a night to get back to 
Earth so that you can retrieve the others. And I can't go just yet. I can't
leave Ikera alone. Her mother will be back tomorrow. Why don't I just meet you 
on Jurai?"

 

Kiyone scratched her head. "But it'll take us at least two days to arrive on 
Jurai. Where's Washu when you need her? Yagami can't make the trip in
under a day, so you'd be by yourself for another day at the most. And that, I 
don't think is a good idea. Jurai hates you. You wouldn't stand a
chance."

 

"I can get you to Jurai in a day and half easily. A day if things go smoothly." 
Nagi spoke up from behind the GP officer.

 

"That's right. Ken-Ohki is twice as fast as the Yagami or Ryo-oh. And he's 
definitely got a three-day lead on the Yukinojo. The only other ship
possible to get there faster, would be Tsunami. But, I don't think it wise to 
bring Sasami into this. She's still just a kid." Ryoko commented.

 

Kiyone nodded. "Alright then. If you really don't mind Nagi, about taking us to 
Jurai, then let's do it."

 

"Right on. Let's kick some demented ASS!" A young voice quipped.

 

Ryoko, Nagi and Kiyone all turned to see Ikera standing on the couch, a balled 
fist high in the air.

 

"You're not going anywhere. Now get the hell off the couch." Ryoko told her.

 

Ikera crossed her arms and dropped indian style to the couch as she muttered, 
"Damn!"

 

Ryoko giggled and turned back to Kiyone. She shrugged. "Kids."

 

******

 

Meiru sat up groggily. She rubbed her eyes and crawled out of bed. She couldn't 
remember anything except that Anemone had passed out in the
training center. And that she also sent another message out informing whomever 
was receiving them of their future plans.

 

She quickly showered and dressed and headed for the mess hall. As she was about 
to enter the mess hall, a noise echoed off the walls to her ears.
Allowing her curious side get the better of her, Meiru went to investigate the 
sound.

 

Following the faint noises, Meiru soon found herself at the training center. She 
looked through the control bay of the room and down into the
arena. There, hunched over with swords in their hands, were Taris and Anemone. 
Lynx stood a few feet behind Anemone, his sword at his side.

 

Meiru quickly pressed the intercom button and yelled into the transceiver. 

 

"What in the hell do you think you two are doing? You know she's too weak to be 
training right now. Are you trying to kill before she's through
with the missions?" Her voice was high and demanding.

 

Taris turned to face her though the glass window. "We land in Jurai in three 
days. I want her ready before we get there. If she can take out the
emperor and his wives, then we can be on our merry way once she's taken care of 
the guards and the rest of the planet."

 

Lynx nodded defiantly. Anemone just glared off into space. Meiru gave them a 
disgusted look.

 

"Whatever. I'm going back to my ship now. Do what you want."

 

Taris frowned. "Oh, Commander? Just let me clear something up first. If you slip 
up on this next mission, I'll mail your ass back to the GPHQ.
Just keep trying my patience, and I may send more back than that. Understand?"

 

Meiru forced herself to salute him and replied, "Understood, Sir."

 

"Good. Since you are going back to the Kuroshio, perhaps you can get those 
reports I requested a week ago on my desk, revised, stamped and
approved. Now, if you can't handle that, then I'll find someone else capable of 
such a minuscule task. How does that sound to you, Commander?"
Taris inquired.

 

Meiru sighed. "Sounds like a good plan to me Sir. I'll start on the reports 
right away."

 

Taris nodded with a big grin. "Wonderful. And make sure they are on my desk in 
two hours. All of them."

 

"Yes sir." Meiru mumbled and started for the exit. 

 

"Oh, and Commander. Don't screw around with me." Taris seethed.

 

Meiru ignored him and slipped out of the room quietly. She ran all the way to 
the docking bay of the Gegenschein and used the teleporter pod to
materialize her on board the Kuroshio. With tears sliding down her cheeks, she 
retreated to her office and began to pull up the files Taris
requested.

 

******

 

Ryoko paced the living room nervously. She kept glancing at the clock on the 
wall every five minutes. Ryo-Ohki had scolded her by saying that if
she kept watching the time, then the hours would drag by instead of flying. 
Ryoko mentally swore and sat down heavily on the big white couch.

 

Ryo-Ohki sensed her mistress's distress and tried to reassure her that 
everything would be okay. Ryoko nodded and once again glanced at the big
wall clock.

 

"I can't believe I agreed to this." She muttered as she began channel surfing. 
She finally stopped on the evening news report and tried to pay
attention to the tops stories and what not that came across the channel.

 

'Galaxy Police and GSFA officials have been unable to determine the motives 
behind the massacre that occurred early this morning on
Eridanus. Hundreds of men, women and children were slain and many of the 
businesses and homes were burned or demolished. Reports
have stated that no clues were found for a lead as of yet. The few survivors 
described the attackers to GP officials and have identified one
of them to be the same woman who was responsible for the attack and destruction 
of Alpha-Centauri earlier this week. The descriptions of
the others are as followed. Two males- one early to mid-twenties, black eyes and 
cobalt hair- the other male appeared to be in his early
thirties with light brown hair and dark colored eyes that survivors claim to 
resemble bloodstained gold. Also seen was another young
woman around her early twenties, amethyst eyes and blonde hair. The few details 
given are based on possible identities on a trial by fire
standard.

 GSFA officials are checking surrounding systems and colonies for information or 
leads on the group that is behind these chains of events.
If you have any information on the person or persons responsible pertaining to 
either of these incidents, we urge you to contact the police
immediately.'

 

Ryoko hit the power button on the remote, and the television screen went black. 
She looked around at Ryo-Ohki who sat quietly beside her, her
eyes transfixed on the blank t.v. screen. Ryoko cut her eyes up to the clock. 
She stood up and crossed the room to the large window overlooking a
lake.

 

Ryoko placed her palms and forehead against the cool glass. Her feline eyes 
skimmed the horizon and the many people passing through the small
city district. The sun was beginning to set, giving the already dark blue-sky 
hues of purple, orange, pink and gold to merge with.

 

Shifting her weight slightly, Ryoko stared out across the adjacent buildings. 
Their windows reflected the evening sun into Ryoko's direction and
into her living room. Dusk was setting in and she knew that the time had come. 
Stepping back away from the glass, she walked over to an
armchair.

 

She picked up a small bag and slung it over her shoulder. Reaching over to the 
side table, she swiped a beige and black ball cap and slid it down
over the top of her head. She turned around to see the cabbit still staring at 
the black television screen. Ryoko frowned with worry.

 

"Ryo-Ohki? It's time to go." She told her calmly.

 

The small animal looked up and nodded. She bounded off the couch and into her 
mistress' waiting arms. Ryoko took another glance around the
small apartment and sighed. 

 

Everything had been turned off, a timer had been set to turn a lamp on at dark 
and off by dawn and the neighbor's had claimed it to be an honor to
pick up her mail while she was gone.

 

Finally, Ryoko shut the locked door behind her and hurried down the hall to the 
elevator. Once the elevator stopped in the lobby, she wasted no
time in getting to the docking bay. On her way, many people waved to her or 
greeted her warmly. Some even offered her a ride.

 

"Korso wasn't kidding when he told me that everyone and his brother on this 
planet knew who I was. Or that they looked up to me as some kind of
hero. Which, I still don't understand why." Ryoko told herself.

 

From deep in her mind across her link with Ryo-Ohki she heard, 'Just lucky, I 
guess.'

 

Ryoko looked down to see the cabbit smiling at her. "Oh, yeah. Easy for you to 
say. You aren't the one who supposedly has a fountain statue
designed to look like you in the middle of the square, greeting people as they 
pass by City Hall or the shopping mall."

 

Ryo-Ohki 'miyaed' and turned her nose up.

 

Ryoko chuckled. "What a temper. If Sasami ever heard you using words like that, 
she'd ground you from carrots for a whole month."

 

Ryo-Ohki's eyes watered and gave a pitiful 'miya.' 

 

"I agree, Ryo-Ohki. But this isn't the time to be thinking about visiting Earth 
for summer vacation. If you've forgotten, we're in the middle of a
very serious and, might I add dangerous situation here. We'll talk about it 
later, okay?" Ryoko asked the small brown animal resting in her arms.

 

Ryo-Ohki nodded and snuggled down into Ryoko's chest.

 

Ryoko passed City Hall and stole a quick glance at the statue in the middle of 
the pond embedded into the walkway of the Square. She shook her
head and moved on. Soon, she came to the small ship station and ran inside. She 
waved to a woman behind the counter and entered the docking
bay.

 

Captain Korso was talking to an elderly woman, his gaze watching the entrance to 
the loading docks. The woman's back was facing Ryoko as she
came into sight. Korso looked over the woman's shoulder and frowned. The woman 
turned to see what the guard was frowning at and smiled.

 

Ryoko narrowed her eyes in suspicion as she identified the woman to be Faun. She 
was surprised that the regent was there, and no doubt, waiting
for her. Ryoko sidled up next to Faun and took a deep breath.

 

"Ryoko. We have a dock all ready for you." Korso stated.

 

Ryoko thanked him and cut her eyes to Faun.

 

"The past weeks events are quite disturbing. But what Korso has told me, is even 
disturbing. Are you really planning on going to Jurai?" Faun
asked her sadly, her soft brown eyes glazing over.

 

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "Yes. I am. I may have attacked Jurai hundreds of years 
ago and the people there may hate me, but I can't let what
happened on Alpha-Centauri, happen to Jurai. I won't allow whoever is behind 
this, to sit back and destroy the Empire on that planet. I can't and
won't."

 

Faun nodded slowly. "You are a great and loyal person and friend, Ryoko. Your 
friends are very lucky to know you and to be able to have your
trust. As much as my people and I wish you wouldn't go, we know that what must 
be done, must be done. There is no other way around it."

 

Ryoko placed her hand on Faun's arm. "Things will be okay. I promise. If I can 
stop the murders and destruction of Jurai, then I'll be stopping the
sicko from doing the same thing to Winblum. We are next on their list after they 
finish with Jurai. Allow me the chance to really protect this
planet."

 

Faun's hand fluttered to her mouth as she gasped. "Are you positive?"

 

Ryoko looked away giving Faun her answer. "Unfortunately. The people, who found 
me, also received a message giving us the information that
Jurai was to be attacked next. And after Jurai, us. They have to be stopped. And 
my friends and I are going to do our best to stop them. Just wait
and see."

 

Faun nodded approvingly. Finally Korso called Ryoko's attention.

 

"Your dock is ready. It'll take just under a day to reach Jurai. If you're 
lucky, you may make it in about 20 hours because reports are saying that
there is a vortex in the vicinity between us and Jurai tonight and tomorrow. You 
ever hear of the Extragalactic Nebula?" Korso quizzed her.

 

Ryoko thought for a moment. "Yeah, I have. The most dangerous nebula the Jurain 
system has. Said to be located somewhere in the Milky Way,
right?"

 

Korso nodded. "It's there. The vortex, I mean. Find the Extragalactic Nebula and 
you'll find the smaller diffuse nebulae. The combining of the
vortex and the diffuse nebulae has created a wind tunnel. If you're careful, you 
can catch that wind tunnel. It'll take you just outside of Jurai's
atmosphere."

 

Ryoko absorbed the information and nodded. "So, if I just catch this galaxy 
vacuum, it'll take me straight to Jurai's atmosphere? No stops, strings
or catches?" She asked curiously knowing that there'd be a catch.

 

"Well, the vortex will only be open for about four hours. It'll take you at 
least one and a half to two hours just to find the Extragalactic Nebula.
Once you do, you'll have a very short window to enter it and make it out. If 
you're lucky, the opening to the nebula will be easy to find. If not-"
Korso paused.

 

He turned around and pulled something from a small cabinet under a control 
panel. He handed a small plastic tube and a satchel to Ryoko.

 

"Use these just for precaution." He pointed to the tube. "This is a Star Finder 
or a map if you prefer, and this," He then pointed to the satchel.
"Contains a Nautical Almanac, an astrolabe and a chronometer. If you use this 
stuff, you shouldn't have a problem finding the Nebula."

 

"Thank you, Armon. I appreciate the help, information and concern." Ryoko 
replied tiredly.

 

She turned to Faun and bowed. "I really must be going. I agreed to meet my 
friends on Jurai. They had to return to Earth to collect the others who
will be helping me. Thank you for all your help, Faun. I'll be back as quickly 
as I can. Just one favor, please?" Ryoko asked sheepishly.

 

"Anything. All you have to do is ask." Faun told her truthfully.

 

"Make sure that the academy finds a worthy substitute for my class while I'm 
away, and for God's sake, make sure they take the exam at the end of
the week." Ryoko teased as she moved back.

 

Faun smiled as she chuckled. "Don't worry, Ryoko. I'll make sure Miko puts a 
great professor at the head of your class who will make sure the
students take the exam and pass. You should be going now. I wish you the best of 
luck and a safe return."

 

Korso agreed. He led Ryoko to the docking pod he had reserved for her. She 
thanked them both again and tossed Ryo-Ohki into the air. The
cabbit gave a great 'miya' of joy for the feeling of her ship form. Ryoko turned 
to face her two friends and waved.

 

Ryo-Ohki began to beam Ryoko up when she heard Korso yell, "GOD SPEED, RYOKO!"

 

Ryoko smiled as she entered the ship. She watched the bay doors open behind her 
and Ryo-Ohki. As soon as they had opened far enough for
Ryo-Ohki to slip through, Ryoko gunned the ships' engines wide open and flew the 
tiny starcruiser out of the docking bay. 

 

Korso and Faun stood with amazement at the power of the small ship and watched 
as Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki disappeared from their viewing point at
the observation window inside the control room. A distant 'miya' from Ryo-Ohki 
echoed through the stars assuring Korso and Faun that they'd
return.

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Two ~

 

Meiru uttered a strangled cry and chucked a book across the room at the small 
television in the corner of her office. The book struck right where
she wanted it and the television turned off. And teetered. Until it finally fell 
off the tiny table on which it sat. It landed with a loud 'crash' and
shattered.

 

Meiru made another strangled sound and dropped her head heavily onto the table 
with a thud. She winced and muttered, "Ow." 

 

Her mind filtered back to the broken television. She closed her eyes and sighed. 
"Shit." She grumbled as she remembered exactly why she had
thrown the book at the damned television. She sat back and entwined her fingers 
together behind her head.

 

"Commander Star?! Is everything all right? Are you okay?"

 

Meiru stared at the door as it opened. A young girl probably no more than 15 
stuck her head inside the office. She saw the remains of the
television on the floor and frowned. She grinned and shifted her gaze to the 
Commander.

 

"What happen? Did that bitch, Sakuya, on Survivor win? Or did they barbecue her 
over an open fire like a pig?" The girl asked jokingly.

 

Meiru glanced at her, a smile creeping to her lips. "Everything is fine, Ensign 
Noshida. I've just had a bad day is all. Thank you for your concern."

 

Ensign Noshida wrinkled her nose. "Please. Just call me Rika."

 

Meiru eyed the girl but finally assented to her request.

 

"Can I get you anything, Commander? Tea? Coffee? Rice crackers? Soup? A quick 
tumble in the bed?" Rika asked sarcastically.

 

Meiru's head jerked up. "No. No. No. No. Maybe. Possibly. Definitely."

 

Rika's jaw dropped. "You serious?" She asked loudly.

 

Meiru giggled. "Thanks for the offer, and I mean no offense, but you're not my 
type. Sorry."

 

Rika looked confused at Meiru's disapproval. Finally it dawned on her, why she 
had told her that. "That's not what I meant and you know it."

 

Meiru shrugged. "Sometimes it doesn't matter in how you meant it, as it does in 
how you put it." 

 

Rika hung her head. "I was referring more along the lines of, if I could find 
you some guy to have that quick tumble with. Not me! Just how
sadistic are you, anyway?" Rika inquired with a shrill voice.

 

"Find me a guy and you can ask him all you want, when I'm done with him, of 
course." Meiru stated in a firm and steady voice.

 

Rika paled. "Are you being serious this time?"

 

Meiru sighed and shook her head. "No. I don't think I'll ever be serious in a 
subject like that. Thanks for the laugh, though. I really needed it."

 

Rika nodded. "Anytime, Commander."

 

Rika started to close the door when Meiru called her name.

 

"Uh, Rika? Could you, please patch in a call to Admiral Taris and tell him that 
I wish to speak with him about something important? If he asks,
then yes it's imperative." 

 

Rika nodded. "Should I just forward the call to your office or do you just want 
me to tell him and have you wait for him on his ship?"

 

Meiru scrunched her brow together. "Just tell him that I'll be waiting in his 
office for him."

 

"Okay then. Try not to break your sense of humor, next time you get angry. 
Instead, slap yourself and recite, 'I'm a very naughty girl' ten times.
And if that still doesn't work, call me and I'll slap yourself for ya!" Rika 
chimed.

 

Meiru scowled. "Ha. Ha. Very funny, Rika."

 

Rika nodded. "Yeah. I thought so." Rika giggled and closed the door.

 

Meiru smirked and leaned back into her chair. She felt a lot better now, but 
knowing that she had to tell Taris what she saw on the television made
her cringe. She had, had a bad feeling about Taris' plans from the get go, but 
now the growing feeling of anxiety in the pit of stomach was worse.

 

She pushed her chair away from the desk and stood up. She stretched her arms and 
back and then headed for the teleporter pod in the docking bay.
When she got there, she saw Taris, Lynx and Anemone step away from the platform. 
Taris was frowning, Lynx had no expression at all and
Anemone...

 

Meiru didn't want to think about her right now even though the smile the woman 
wore chilled her every bone.

 

"Aw, Commander Star. You had something very imperative you needed to discuss 
with me, I believe." Taris commented curtly.

 

Meiru sneered. "As a matter of fact I did. I was just coming to see you. But, 
since you're here, there really is no point. Perhaps we should talk in
the briefing room."

 

She led them down a hallway that was dimly lit. She rounded a corner and opened 
a door. She ushered her three guests inside and followed them.
Once she sat down, she began to tell Taris what she had seen.

 

"I mean it Taris. This is serious. There were witnesses. Survivors. The GP and 
GSFA have full descriptions and sketches of us. I saw them on the
news. I think we may have been a little too careless. Attacking that planet for 
one thing. It wasn't on your list of 'To Do' things." Meiru argued.

 

Taris stifled a yawn and leaned forward. It was then that Meiru noticed the hawk 
sitting on his shoulder. 

 

'Odd.' She thought as she gave it a once over. 'I haven't seen that bird before. 
Has he always been there? Or is he a recent addition to Taris' wild
and wacky world of Sadism?'

 

The hawk cocked his head and turned his beady eyes on her. Meiru quickly 
adverted her gaze from the bird to her lap. Every so often she'd glance
up to see that the bird was still watching her intently. His little black eyes 
studying her every move.

 

Finally Taris looked at her. "Commander. I trust that you can take care of 
things should they get out of hand tomorrow? If things...do begin to get
bad, I want you to take your fleet and stall them while Anemone and I nab one of 
the Jurain trees to study for future analysis."

 

Meiru gasped quietly to herself. She had heard Taris loud and clear and though 
they both spoke English, they were communicating in a different
language. Basically, he had just told her that if a fight broke out, she was to 
take her men and have them killed in battle with the Jurains while....

 

She closed her eyes. 'I'm suppose to sacrifice my men, and myself so that he and 
'Anemone' can steal a stupid tree? Can he even do that? How is it
possible for someone who grew up with a childhood like his, to end up so cold 
and heartless, countless years later.' Meiru thought sadly.

 

"Commander? Commander Star? Are you paying attention?" Taris asked.

 

Meiru jerked back. "Huh? What? I'm sorry, my mind just isn't with the program 
today. There's just so much going on that I can't think straight."

 

Taris narrowed his black eyes. "Yes. We can obviously see that. Just make sure 
your head is screwed on right and tight for tomorrow's main event.
I don't want this ruined because someone's mind was spacing out way more than 
usual. Now, if you'll excuse me, Commander. We've training to
do."

 

He and Lynx stood up and headed for the door. Anemone lingered a bit longer on 
the couch, her small black eyes covering every inch of Meiru's
face as if they were trying to find some deep dark secret. Meiru blinked first 
causing Anemone to loose her concentration.

 

"Anemone? Are you coming?" Taris asked gently. The woman gave a single nod, her 
red on black hair rambling across her shoulders. She stood up
and fanned out her outfit. Stepping over to where Taris and Lynx waited, she 
turned and gazed at Meiru a final time before disappearing.

 

Meiru rose to her own feet and crossed to the window on the far side of the 
briefing room. She leaned against it sideways and stared out at the
stars. The discussion with Taris had not gone well, and the feeling growing in 
Meiru's stomach began to spread to her nerves and mind.

 

She screwed her eyes shut and let out a long sigh. Cracking her eyelids a 
little, she looked over at the blue and white command ship. A mock
sneer appeared on her face as she watched the ship with renewed hatred.

 

"Damn you Taris." She muttered, as she straightened out and left the room.

 

******

 

Ryoko eased Ryo-Ohki along, her face crammed into the Starmap. Because Ryo-Ohki 
had traveled this same route dozens of times before,
Ryoko allowed her to fly on her own. Now, she was looking to see exactly where 
the Extragalactic Nebula was.

 

"MIYA!"

 

Ryoko looked up to see a small cluster of star in front of Ryo-Ohki.

 

"Is that it?" She asked the ship hopefully.

 

A small crystal appeared beside Ryoko with Ryo-Ohki's face on its surface.

 

"Miya."

 

Ryoko nodded. "Good work, Ryo-Ohki. It's a good thing you found it because we 
have exactly..." She paused and glanced at her watch.

 

"Gahh, Two hours and forty minutes left before the damn things closes. Ryo-Ohki, 
let's go." Ryoko commanded as she sat down in the pilot's
chair.

 

Ryo-Ohki sped forward with vigor and into the small cluster of stars. To Ryoko's 
surprise, the cluster became bigger and bigger until it looked as
if it could practically swallow the ship 'Tsunami' whole. Ryoko let out a low 
whistle at the irony of it all.

 

Ryo-Ohki flew into the middle of the cluster and emerged into what appeared to 
be a black passageway. Purple, blue, and green lights traveled
horizontally through the black walls of the tunnel. 

 

"Wow. I didn't expect this. Who knew that a vortex could be so...so..."

 

"Miya."

 

"Yeah. Beautiful. Wish I had a camera right about now." Ryoko pouted.

 

"Miya...." 

 

Ryoko stared at the crystal face of the cabbit.

 

"What do you mean you broke my camera?! How?" Ryoko asked flatly as she jumped 
to her feet. "That was a two hundred dollar camera!"

 

"Miya."

 

Ryoko put a hand to her forehead. "No. It's okay. I'm not mad. Just tell me if 
you break something next time okay?"

 

Ryo-Ohki gave her an apologetic 'Miya' and frowned.

 

Ryoko sat back down and continued to watch the different colored lights swirl 
around the ship. Her mind was elsewhere when Ryo-Ohki called
her name in a hushed whisper.

 

"Miya...."

 

Ryoko looked up. "Hmmm? What was that?"

 

"MIYA!"

 

Ryoko cheered up. "Really? Where?" She got up and raced away from the bridge. 
Moments later, she returned with a small camera the size of a
baseball. A smile was etched into her lips as she walked to the window in Ryo-
Ohki's hull.

 

"Good ole, Mihoshi. Always trusted to bring something useless during a battle. 
But always one to leave it lying around for when it's needed.
Remind me to give her a great big hug for this. Okay?" Ryoko chirped happily.

 

She pulled the camera to her face and snapped the shutter. She advanced the film 
and was about to take another picture when Ryo-Ohki sent an
awkward thought to her.

 

"You're right. Mihoshi may take it as a sign to hang out with me more or bug the 
hell out of me like she does Kiyone. Sometimes, I wonder about
those two, ya know." Ryoko answered her.

 

Her link went quiet and Ryoko turned back to taking pictures of the vortex. She 
had just snapped her last picture on the 36-exposure film when
something sent a hard jolt through the small ship.

 

Ryoko landed hard on her side against the railing that led from the bridge to 
the engine room below. She yelped in pain from the force of the
contact and slumped to her knees. 

 

"Ryo-Ohki?! What was that?" She asked worriedly.

 

"MIYA!!"

 

Ryoko's eyes went wide with fear. "IT'S WHAT?!?" 

 

"MIYA!"

 

"SHIT! RYO-OHKI, FULL POWER TO ALL MAIN ENGINES."

 

Ryo-Ohki complied and Ryoko felt them lurch forward. She scrambled to her feet 
and raced to the controls. She pulled the chronometer from
the satchel Korso had given her and studied it. She furrowed her brow in 
confusment and then looked at her watch.

 

And nearly passed out.

 

There on the black face of her watch, was the hour hand, the minute hand and the 
second hand....in the same position they had been in when
Ryo-Ohki had entered the vortex. 

 

The watch was dead. 

 

When she read her watch, it said they had two hours and forty minutes to clear 
the vortex. But the chronometer was showing that they had less
than 10 minutes to clear it. Or be sucked up like the little dust bunnies in the 
wake of a very pissed vacuum cleaner.

 

"Oh boy. We have gotten ourselves into quite a predicament here, haven't we Ryo-
Ohki?" Ryoko asked nervously.

 

Through their link Ryoko heard, 'WE? I don't remember agreeing to go flying like 
a bat out of hell into a vortex in the first place.'

 

Ryoko grimaced. "Hey! Calm down alright. Jumping down my throat isn't going to 
save our asses, ya know!"

 

'Duh! Did you figure that out all by yourself. Or did your widdle chrono thing-
a-ma-bob tell you that you got yourself into some deep shit this
time.'

 

Ryoko narrowed her golden eyes. "Can it, would ya? I'm trying to think here." 

 

'Oh. There's an idea. Perhaps if you thought a little more about the other 
people around you and how your decision, alone, may affect them, then,
and only then, will I can IT!' Ryo-Ohki retorted.

 

Ryoko took the controls and pushed Ryo-Ohki to the max. The light and calming 
colors the vortex had occupied moments before had faded away
to be replaced with an angry red and orange hue. Ryoko felt panic set in on her 
nerves as Ryo-Ohki zoomed through the tunnel.

 

Suddenly, an alarm went off and pulled up a screen to show the back end of Ryo-
Ohki. The red and orange color in the walls of the vortex had
turned black. 

 

The tunnel was rapidly closing and nipping at Ryo-Ohki's tail. Ryoko pushed the 
engines to max power and then some. Ryo-Ohki cried out in pain
and rebellion.

 

'What in Tokimi's hell are you trying to do? Fry my systems or my brains. Keep 
that up and you may cause a blackout or a power failure.'
Ryo-Ohki lashed out at the woman.

 

Something snapped inside Ryoko's mind. "Ryo-Ohki. Bring up your power status and 
engine maps."

 

Ryo-Ohki scowled. 'You could ask nicely. You'd find that a lot more people are 
willing to bend to your requests that way.'

 

"Well, I'm not requesting. I'm demanding. Do it now or we may both die!"

 

Ryo-Ohki gave in and displayed the map and status sheet on two different screens 
above the control panel. Ryoko poked a spot on the map and
then traced a line with her finger to another spot on the map. Keeping her 
finger on her mark, she glanced at the power status screen.

 

Ryoko bit her bottom lip. The idea she had may work. But if it did, it would be 
by a long shot. 'A really, really long shot!' She thought. She moved
her finger and yet again traced another path to a small symbol that represented 
electric current. Ryoko tapped that spot and whispered,

 

"Not yet. Wait just a little while longer."

 

She turned to see the crystal with the cabbit's face on it glaring daggers at 
her. 

 

"Stop that Ryo-Ohki. You're making me go nuts staring at me like that." Ryoko 
told her curtly.

 

'Why you! I'll show you going nuts. How's this for nuts, huh?' Ryo-Ohki asked as 
she opened a subpocket from somewhere. Ryoko looked up in
time to see hundreds of thousands little brown specs fall down on her. A small 
mound piled up where she had once been standing.

 

Ryoko's mane of blue hair broke the surface of brown. She poked her head up and 
looked around her. Thousands of nuts littered the floor and her.

 

"BRAZIL NUTS?!?! How'd you....what's with.... where'd you....?" Ryoko stopped 
the questions before she finished asking them. A smug expression
appeared on her face as she realized where Ryo-Ohki had gotten the nuts.

 

"Ohhh! That's clever, Ryo-Ohki. Real rich. And just how long have you been 
hoarding these little brown.... edible cockroaches? Huh?" Ryoko
questioned the ship.

 

'Hoarding? Hardly. I call it receive and deception. Senile old hag down the 
hall....you remember her don't you, Ryoko?' Ryo-Ohki taunted.

 

Ryoko grumbled something under her breath.

 

'Ah. Do thy ears deceive me? You do remember her. The walking bag of wrinkles. 
You know the one that used to pinch your cheeks and exclaim
'You are just such a DOLL!' Ryo-Ohki laughed hysterically.

 

"Thank you nut hoarder. I don't really see where this is going. Old Mrs. Quinn 
was a nice woman. It's a shame she had to move." Ryoko mumbled.

 

'NICE?!? That's not what you were saying when she brought you that pregnancy 
test and the condoms the night Traven crashed in the guest room,
now was it?' Ryo-Ohki challenged.

 

'Or what about when she reprimanded you for wearing that navy blue outfit 
because the skirt didn't go past your knees, or the time she claimed
that you were obviously sneaking around with the 'paying men' at night because 
you'd stay after school hours to plan the next days lessons or....'

 

"OKAY! I GET THE POINT. JEEZ!" Ryoko shouted loudly.

 

'Sure you do. Nice old woman my ass. She was nothing but trouble. Just like 
you.' Ryo-Ohki added after her debate.

 

Ryoko ignored her and pulled her body from the pile of Brazil nuts. "Oh yeah?!" 
The ex-pirate asked dryly.

 

'YEAH!' Ryo-Ohki replied.

 

Ryoko smirked. "Well, you wanna know why she was always giving you these damned 
nuts? Huh? It's because Brazil nuts are said to make you
feel happy. She thought you were always sad because you ignored her. Little did 
she know, that something crawled up your ass and died!"

 

Ryo-Ohki frowned viciously. 'Why don't you say that to my face, demon slut!'

 

Ryoko growled and her eyes narrowed. "Oh, believe me...I will, Rump Kisser."

 

Ryo-Ohki stared at her. 'Hey- that's not fair. That little boy made me believe 
that he was going to give me a kiss on the forehead. Little pervert. I
still don't know why he had a naked chibi doll with him anyway.'

 

Ryoko was laughing hard, her sides aching from the pressure. "Hoohoo, that 
was..ha...hilarious. Heehee, really. If only you could have seen your
face!"

 

Ryo-Ohki stuck her tongue out at her. Ryoko sat up and mimicked her. Ryo-Ohki 
stuck her tongue out farther and narrowed her eyes.
'THBPBPTHPT'

 

Ryoko stood up and shoved her face directly into Ryo-Ohki's and stuck her tongue 
out as far as it could go. "TTHBPBPTHHPT- to you too."

 

Ryo-Ohki was about to make a counter strike when she suddenly lurched forward 
for the second time. Ryoko looked out the window to see that
during their childish ranting, they had managed to escape the 'Cyclonic' vortex 
of doom. Ryoko saw a planet about 100 yards away and grinned.

 

"Jurai. Wow. We got closer than I expected. Let's go ahead and dock Ryo-Ohki. 
Somewhere inconspicuous would be nice." Ryoko implied.

 

Ryo-Ohki landed kind of roughly knocking Ryoko down. Ryoko rolled into a wall. 
She felt something give way underneath her and she tumbled to
the ground below. Ryo-Ohki quickly changed into her humanoid form and knelt 
beside her mistress. Ryoko sat up, a grin plastered to her face.

 

"I just realized something. Jurai's still here, intact. That means that our 
enemy hasn't arrived yet. Alright. We reached Jurai in one piece." Ryoko
shrieked as she and Ryo-Ohki embraced each other and jumped around singing, "WE 
MADE IT TO JURAI!" and "MEOW, MEOW, MEOW!"

 

Little did they know that Ryo-Ohki hadn't landed in a remote place at all but 
rather in the middle of one the busiest cities Jurai had. Ryoko looked
around to see that Ryo-Ohki had made a fool out of her.

 

Ryoko pulled back and glared at Ryo-Ohki. "YOU LITTLE BRAT!" She lunged for Ryo-
Ohki and soon both girls were rolling around on the
ground in front of a lot people yelling things like....

 

"YOU JUST THINK YOU'RE SO SMART, DON'T YA? WELL, THIS SHOWS JUST HOW DUMB YOU 
ARE!" Ryoko shouted dryly.

 

'COMPARED TO YOU, RYOKO- I'M EINSTIEN!' Ryo-Ohki shot back.

 

Ryoko growled. "RIGHT? DON'T YOU MEAN IGOR, THE MANIAC. HEY!"

 

'YOU MY FRIEND, JUST MADE A BIG MISTAKE!' Ryo-Ohki stated.

 

"HA! ME MAKE A MISTAKE? THE DAY YOU STOP LOVING CARROTS IS THE DAY THAT I WILL 
MAKE A MISTAKE. OR BETTER YET,
WHEN HELL FREEZES OVER!" Ryoko shouted tiredly.

 

'WELL, THEN WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO TO HELL AND SEE IF YOUR TIGHT ASS ATTITUDE CAN 
FREEZE IT OVER. NOW, LEGGO
MY LEG!' Ryo-Ohki seethed.

 

"OW! MAKE ME. WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO STICK YOUR NOSE IN A RUBBER HOSE! YOU 
WALKING FLEA CONDO!" Ryoko yelled.

 

Ryo-Ohki sneered at her. 'I'D SAY, IT TAKES ONE TO KNOW ONE, BOZO! WHY DON'T YOU 
GO PLAY IN THE FOOD PROCESSOR!'

 

Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki continued to attract many people to watch their quarrel. 
Ryoko suddenly felt eyes on her and stopped rolling around on the
ground. She couldn't help but laugh at the irony of it as she and Ryo-Ohki 
started calming down. Ryo-Ohki looked up.

 

'Eeep! How long have they been standing there?' She asked Ryoko.

 

"Since we landed here. Come on, get up before they call the looney bin on us." 
Ryoko told her as she rose to her feet. 

 

Ryo-Ohki gradually stood up and looked around. Ryoko scratched the back of her 
head and started laughing nervously. She gripped Ryo-Ohki's
hand with her right and laughed some more.

 

"He-heh-Um, right. Heh-hello." Ryoko started to greet them in the best way she 
could.

 

Without warning someone a ways off screamed. "IT'S RYOKO! RUN FOR THE HILLS!"

 

A bunch of people ran off screaming in fear, while others just stared at her. 
From somewhere else in the crowd, she heard a man shout, "LET'S
GET HER!" followed by, "YEAH! GET HER!" and, "KICK HER ASS!"

 

Ryoko gripped Ryo-Ohki's hand tighter. "Right. Heheh- I'm soor-reee!" She sang 
as she turned tail and ran, a stumbling Ryo-Ohki right behind her
along with a bunch of 'Piss-pore attitude' Jurains screaming like banshees.

 

******

 

Meiru struggled to sit up in her bed. With her blanket clutched tightly to her 
chest, she forced herself up in a sitting position. Her powder blue
and pastel lavender tank top was drenched with sweat as was her brow and neck. 
It took her a few minutes to calm down and get her breathing back
in order.

 

"What the hell was what?" She asked herself, her voice weak and raspy.

 

All she could remember was that she was in a dead sleep. Her dream world, not 
the ever so happy fairytale like vision she would have hoped for,
was tainted a dark crimson red. It was everywhere. It made up the sky, the 
ground, the water, the plants, animals and people.

 

Everything was colored red. And not just the red you'd find in a box of 
Crayola's either. It was the kind of red that could only be found if and when
it flowed from a human body. The red that could only be properly dubbed, as 
blood. And Meiru's entire vision was surrounded in blood.

 

She screwed her eyes shut and then slowly opened them. Small dots of red flashed 
before her eyes and swarmed all around the room as if they
could say, 'Look. We're here. We will always be here.'

 

Or,  'And no matter where you go or what you try to do to make us go away, 
always remember that we are like the stars. We hide during the day,
and visit you each night until the coming of the dawn. We will never be far from 
you, but always close beside.'

 

Meiru groaned. Her clock was reading <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = 
"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />2:48 am. She still had 2 hours
and 12 minutes to go before she would have to 'rise and shine.' And that thought 
alone made her unhappy. Why couldn't she have a decent night's
sleep like she used to have back before Taris reclaimed his ships and soldiers.

 

And then it had gotten worse when Anemone had joined the Admiral's fleet. She 
was more of a weapon or a tool, than a soldier, and Taris made
good to mention that, at every chance he had. It made Meiru sick to see the way 
he treated the woman, but even more so on how Anemone put up
with it.

 

'I would have put the bastards lights out years ago when he started trying to 
mold me into some kind of emotionless, anger craved, human killing
machine. No way in hell would I let him do that to me. But, she was alone and 
weak. He broke down her defenses and then ruined her life.'

 

She shook her head. In doing so, she slightly winced as a small tingle of pain 
traveled up her side to her shoulder and neck. Meiru swallowed deep
breaths until the pain subsided. That was what had woken her up in the first 
place. The pain from her injured ribs had become unbearable even in
sleep.

 

She gradually slid a hand from the resting spot on her chest to her right side 
and applied a little pressure to the sore area. Small flicks of pain
reprimanded her actions and then quickly started to fade away. Meiru slowly 
lowered herself back onto her pillow, one hand holding her blanket. 

 

The other hand, her side.

 

She felt her eyelids begin to get heavy and gave in to the urge of closing them. 
The red was no longer in the darkness of her mind, but more in the
depths of her conscious. It was faint, but it was there. She could tell. And 
somewhere in the back of her mind, a nagging voice kept warning her.

 

'Don't look into the face of the bull, Meiru. Are you stupid?! You can't keep 
this act up forever. Sooner or later, you're going to slip up, and they'll
find out. And then you won't be of any help to yourself, Anemone or the innocent 
people you are helping to murder. Just forget about your guilt,
and move on.'

 

Meiru shook her head absently. That was the last thing she was going to do. She 
wasn't going to give in to her guilt.  Even though she knew that the
blood of many lives had already stained her once clean hands.

 

******

 

Taris shifted uneasily in his chair. He took a quick glance at his clock and 
read 2:48 am from the screen. In his hand were a bunch of papers, in his
mind were a lot of questions and in his bed was the form of Anemone. He looked 
at her and frowned. She was his weapon, but she was her own
person.

 

She sometimes made it clear that she wanted nothing to do with him, and yet, she 
never questioned his orders. Just followed them out. She was a
loyal servant in deed, and Taris knew that he'd hate to have to kill her in the 
end. But, she was human. She would talk. And she'd most likely tell his
secrets.

 

Though trusted completely to execute her missions without failure, Taris just 
couldn't keep the sinking feeling of distrust pulling on his heart and
mind. He shook his head and turned back to his papers. In two days they'd be 
arriving on Jurai. Taris smiled.

 

"And then only one more act remains after our performance on Jurai, and oh I'm 
so looking forward to it." Taris whispered to himself. His
thoughts traveled to the planet in which they would take care of after Jurai 
had, had their turn. Colony JS6. Winblum.

 

 The planet that caused him so much misery. The planet that caused him to fail 
at everything he had strived to become. The planet that had pleaded
with Jurai's court to add 100 years to his sentence for the many deaths of 
innocent people on their planet when Taris returned fire on the GSFA.

 

They had gotten their wish, and Taris felt that now it was his turn to get his.

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Three ~

 

Ryoko put Ryo-Ohki down and dropped to her knees, her breath short and wheezy. 
She sat still for a few minutes to allow her lungs to regain their
normal capacity without the feeling of their splitting like an atom bomb.

 

"Whew. That was a close one, wouldn't you say, Ryo-Ohki?" Ryoko asked.

 

Silence. 

 

"Ryo-Ohki?" Ryoko called her again.

 

Ryo-Ohki's child form sat crouched on the ground overlooking a cliff. Ryoko 
crawled over to her and peered down over the drop-off. A low
whistled escaped her as she stared in disbelief.

 

'What is this place, Ryoko? I've never seen or heard of it before.' Ryo-Ohki 
told her quietly.

 

Ryoko shrugged. "If my memory serves correct, this is the Acropolis of Jurai's 
empire. And that would mean that, that temple over there is the
Erechtheum. That's where the emperor and his wives perform marriages, deaths, 
certain rituals and whatnot. I heard it's suppose to be blessed."

 

Ryo-Ohki looked at her. 'Blessed?'

 

"Yeah. You know, by Tsunami and the other guardians who protected Jurai. 
Apparently, this is the resting-place for quite a few of the soldiers who
have died in battle. You wanna go take a look?" She asked curiously.

 

Ryo-Ohki hesitated. 'They'll recognize us. And if we get caught, we're done 
for.'

 

Ryoko arched an eyebrow. "Well, I don't know about you, but I have a way to 
bypass the guards and any suspicion."

 

Ryo-Ohki sighed. 'Fine. You leave me no choice.'

 

Ryoko watched as Ryo-Ohki once again morphed into her adult body. Ryo-Ohki 
looked herself over and smiled.

 

"Now this is more like it. I guess with my looks, that the guards won't even 
give a second thought to you, so of course you could get in without
any unwanted suspicion." Ryo-Ohki commented teasingly.

 

"Shutup. Let's just go, okay. We don't have all day to be waiting on your 
hormones to quit playing 'duck-duck-Goose' with your body. Come on."
Ryoko grumbled as she led the way down the small mountain path and up to the 
walkway of the large temple.

 

Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki cautiously looked around the small yard and then ventured 
inside the ancient building. Ryo-Ohki was observing a fountain
and some paintings while Ryoko was trying to make out the symbols on a far wall. 
Neither noticed the old man behind them.

 

"Good evening, ladies. Is there something I can help you with?"

 

Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki jumped back. Ryoko skimmed the old man. He was dressed in 
Jurain uniform, his long gray hair was swept back into a
ponytail and hung above the small of his back. His eyes were small and kind and 
glittered when the light caught the two violet irises.

 

"Actually, we were just looking. We've heard quite a deal about this place from 
a fellow Jurain and thought that we'd check it out." Ryoko replied.

 

The old priest nodded and turned away from the two. Ryoko watched as he busied 
himself with the changing of the water in a small fountain near
the entrance of the temple. She took a deep breath and sidled up next to him.

 

"Excuse me? I was wondering, because I'm actually just visiting Jurai with some 
friends and don't exactly understand your language quite yet, I
was hoping you could tell me what those markings on the wall say. That is if it 
is okay, and all." Ryoko asked him politely.

 

The man nodded and took her arm. He led her back to the wall and ran a hand 
across the symbols. Ryoko's eyes widened as little squiggly lines
adorned in the colors of the rainbow began to play about her head. Ryo-Ohki 
stopped what she was doing and watched them.

 

"It is an old saying. More or less a warning to those who are humble and 
prideful. Here, read it for yourself." He told them.

 

Ryoko was about to point out to him once again that she couldn't read Jurain 
dialect when she looked up to see that she could understand the
symbols.

 

"....for though hast been

As one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing,

A man that Fortine's buffets and rewards

Hast ta`en with equal thanks."

 

Ryoko crinkled her nose. She wasn't exactly sure what it meant, but she wasn't 
about to let the guy know just how dense she was by asking him to
interpret the meaning of the warning to her. Instead she nodded and thanked him.

 

She watched him go back to work on cleansing the water in the small fountain. 
Smiling to herself, she placed her fingers over the symbols in the
same manner the priest had. She pulled her hand from her left to right slowly. 
Ryoko held in her surprise when she saw the lights appear.

 

Ryo-Ohki had lost interest and had wondered out of the temple to the outside 
garden. Ryoko, eager to catch up with her friend, reluctantly
dropped her hand, but not before signing her name in the lights as they followed 
every movement her fingers made.

 

From the corner of his eye, the priest watched her summon the lights. He saw her 
drop her hand and run out of the ancient ruin. He glanced at the
lights to see that they barely lingered in the air spelling out 'Ryoko.'

 

******

 

Meiru fidgeted nervously. She glanced around her and sighed. The two days it 
took for them to make Jurai's system had passed by quickly and she
soon found herself sitting in the pilot chair of the Kuroshio guarding the front 
entrance of Jurai's docking bay.

 

Taris and Lynx had snuck in undetected to scope things out. Anemone had remained 
behind resting up in Taris's room. She had been instructed to
stay in bed to regain her strength from all the training Taris had bombarded her 
with after her little fainting accident a week ago in the training
arena.

 

Meiru drummed her fingers on the control panel. She had gotten bored waiting for 
the two makeshift scouts to return and had forced herself to
keep from sleeping or playing games on the small computer imputed into the 
console of the ship. 

 

Finally, a screen beeped and an image blipped onto the vid-window. Meiru saw 
Lynx and Taris board the Gegenschein quickly. 'Had they been
caught?' She questioned herself as she saw them scamper into the hull of the 
ship. Moments later, Taris' face appeared on her screen.

 

"You mine as well catch up on something entertaining for the next 9 hours, 
Commander. It's going to be a long night." Taris told her cooly.

 

"Admiral, sir? Why is that you have given those orders? I thought you were 
suppose to send Anemone in so that she can destroy another piece of
history." Meiru challenged him. 

 

Taris frowned. "Because it's best that we wait until tonight to do this. The 
place is swarmed with guards during the day. If we wait until nightfall,
then most of the guards are asleep instead of roaming the halls. I'll have 
Anemone take them all out with one hit and then we'll deal with those
awake."

 

Meiru shifted her gaze past him and narrowed her eyes. Taris turned to see 
Anemone standing there with a sheet wrapped around her body.

 

"Master Taris? Has something happened that has interfered with our plans?" 
Anemone asked innocently.

 

Taris shook his head no. "Not really, Anemone. It's just a lot more crowded than 
I had expected. I sent Eblis to stand watch over the palace until
tonight. That's when we'll attack. After we take care of the guards, you and I 
will retrieve the tree and then I'll let you have your fun."

 

Anemone nodded, a wide grin on her face.

 

Meiru felt like puking at the sight. Had Taris convinced Anemone to sleep with 
him? For Anemone's sake, she had hoped the answer was no. But,
with two people so wrapped up into themselves it was hard to tell. Meiru watched 
Taris leave the room with Anemone still standing by the screen.

 

She saw Anemone's grin turn up into a wicked smile. Before Meiru had time to 
react, Anemone vanished from the room. The white bed sheet that
had served as a cover up for the woman fluttered to the ground limply.

Meiru's eyes narrowed with sadness as she let her tears run loose.

 

******

 

Two shadowed figures hovered in a dark and grungy alleyway. They sat watching 
people pass by, their eyes scouring the many faces.

 

"How bout that one?" A whimsical voice asked quietly.

 

The taller of the two glanced up, his eyes sweeping onto the item his friend had 
pointed out. "No. With the way she walks, I'd say that she's already
sleeping around."

 

The younger man nodded. "Yeah. You're probably right."

 

Minutes passed by and the older man slowly allowed his eyes to close and welcome 
the rest they had been begging for. The younger man kept his
eyes focused on the tons of walking prey in the streets of the small town. 
Something caught his eye and he leaned forward for a better look.

 

He poked the other man in the ribs and rasped, "Ain't that Princess Ayeka?"

 

The older figure squinted in the direction his partner was pointing. His eyes 
located a young looking woman in regal clothing, long violet hair and
ruby red eyes. 

 

"Sure as hell is. Wonder what she's doing out at a time like this." The older 
man questioned into the darkness.

 

"Hey, bro? You think we can take her?"

 

The older man grinned. "I don't see why not. Shouldn't be too much trouble. Come 
on."

 

The older man led the younger out onto the streets and they picked up pace 
behind her. Something from the corner of Ayeka's peripheral vision
made her stop. She looked into a store window and frowned. As she turned to 
leave, the older man made a quick grab and clamped a hand over her
mouth.

 

He drug her around the store into the darkness of an alley. Ayeka felt herself 
being thrown against the wall forcefully. Her chest and back hurt
from the impact and her lungs were beginning to constrict from the blockage of 
air. She fought to free herself but had no success.

 

Finally something hard came in contact with her head and everything went black.

 

****** 

 

Ryoko stood with her elbows crossed and her foot impatiently tapping the 
concrete sidewalk. A green light flashed overhead and she and
Ryo-Ohki crossed the street. Ryoko pulled her beige and black ball cap further 
over her face and hair as she noticed some people staring at her.

 

Ryo-Ohki had stopped in front of a store window and was peering inside. A half a 
dozen plastic bodies lined the storefront in a certain pattern. On
each body was a bathing suit. Ryo-Ohki eyed a blue and black bikini top with a 
matching bottom. The sides of the bottoms had tie strings, as did
the top.

 

Ryoko stuck her face next to Ryo-Ohki's and glanced into the store.

 

"Boy, is that skimpy or what?" Ryoko asked seriously.

 

"As if there was never a time in your life that you wore something as revealing 
as that. You're such an igit." Ryo-Ohki sighed. 

 

She expected for Ryoko to challenge her but when Ryoko made no start for a 
returned comment, Ryo-Ohki turned to check on her. She was
standing by the side of the building, one hand resting on the brick wall and her 
body leaning slightly forward. Ryo-Ohki stood beside her and
cocked her head.

 

She could faintly hear voices and strained to hear what was being said.

 

Ryoko's ears perked up when she heard the sounds of a struggle in the darkness. 
A distant voice whispered harshly, "What happens if her friends
come looking for her? I mean, she is the emperor's daughter, right?"

 

Ryoko's eyes shot open as she rasped, "Shit. Ryo-Ohki, come on."

 

Ryoko raced down the dark alley leaving a somewhat confused Ryo-Ohki behind on 
the crowded streets.

 

Ryoko skimmed the dark surroundings until she finally found what she had been 
looking for. She saw two figures holding someone against the
wall. The person struggled to get free but couldn't. Ryoko watched as the taller 
figure landed a hard blow to the side of the person's head.

 

Even in the darkness, Ryoko could tell that the person against the wall was none 
other than, Ayeka. The elder princess dropped to her knees and
grunted. The two figures moved closer to her when a flash of red landed between 
them and the fallen princess.

 

They looked back to see another figure standing there, a light saber in hand.

 

Ryoko sauntered to them and smiled. "Well, well, well. What have we here? A 
couple of schoolboys beating up a poor defenseless woman. For
shame on you two. Don't you know that you're only suppose to beat up the ones 
who can defend themselves?"

 

"Like who? You? Hey, sweetcheeks- why don't you come on over here and show me 
exactly what a non-defenseless woman looks like." The older
man daunted.

 

Ryoko smirked. "Don't mind if I do..." She trailed off as she disappeared and 
re-materialized in front of the older man. Her fist connected with his
jaw and he slumped to the ground.

 

She spat on him and growled, "Punk." She turned towards the younger man and 
grinned. The young man turned and made a move to flee the scene
when Ryoko grasped the back of his shirt.

 

"And where do you think you're going, Mr. Chicken? You weren't trying to run 
away from your crimes now, were you?" Ryoko asked sweetly.

 

"N...no. Just put me down. I didn't do anything. Hey! Leggo my shirt, bitch." 
The man grumbled harshly.

 

Ryoko giggled. "That's Mrs. Bitch to you, baldy. Now take a hike and if I ever 
catch you or your little prick friend trying this stunt again, you won't
be so lucky next time. Now scram."

 

Ryoko tossed him into the wall. The man sat dazed for a few seconds and then got 
up. He ran out of the alley as fast as he could. Ryoko started
laughing at the man for she had just realized that he had peed on himself.

 

A low moan came from behind her causing her to spin around. Ayeka lay motionless 
on the filthy ground, an angry purple bruise beginning to
show on the side of her head.

 

'Wonder why she hadn't fought back and knocked those two silly. Hope she's not 
sick.' Ryoko cringed at the thought.

 

Swallowing her pride, she scooped the comatose princess up in her arms and 
headed in the direction of the palace.

 

******

 

Sasami's eyes scanned over anything and everything they possibly could. The 17-
year-old princess hadn't seen the Jenzo district in a long time
and was surprised at all the changes that had occurred over the past five years.

 

"Hey, Ayeka...was that water fountain in the garden always there? I don't think 
I remember seeing it before." Sasami asked lightly.

 

Sasami wrinkled her nose. "Ayeka?"

 

The young princess turned around to see that her sister was nowhere to be seen.

 

"KIYONE? Ayeka's missing!" Sasami stated worriedly. 

 

Kiyone turned around to see that the young woman was indeed right.

 

"She was behind me when we passed the jewelry shop. After that, I don't know." 
Sasami explained wildly.

 

"Just calm down, Sasami. We'll find her, you'll see." Mihoshi assured her.

 

The princess fought back tears and nodded. She had never really been separated 
from Ayeka before. They had a close relationship with each other.
Closer than what it had been before five years ago anyway.

 

Kiyone skimmed the shops and the streets to her dismay. Ayeka was no where to be 
seen. A tall shadow covered Kiyone but she paid no attention.

 

"Hey! Detective? I do believe you lost something that belongs to, well, not 
really to you, but to Jurai. What do you think Azusa would do if he
were to find out that you lost his daughter?" A soft voice asked tauntingly.

 

The GP officer spun around, her blaster gripped firmly in her hands. A few feet 
away stood a figure covered by shadows. Strands of hair swayed
across her face and behind her back from underneath a ball cap. She was tall and 
obviously strong for in her hands was Ayeka.

 

"AYEKA?!"

 

Kiyone took a step forward. "Okay, stop right there. Put the princess down 
slowly and easily and put your hands in the air."

 

The figure chuckled. "That'll be the day. Perhaps, I should just take sleeping 
beauty to the palace. Hmmm?" 

 

Kiyone gripped her gun tighter. "I said put her down, scumbag."

 

In the darkness, Kiyone saw the person flinch. Realization dawned on her as she 
immediately regretted saying those words.

 

"I was only trying to help. You should keep a closer eye on her. Azusa won't be 
happy if she disappears for good."

 

The figure set Ayeka down gently. They stood back and stepped away from the 
unconscious princess.

 

"I assume that you know where to find me. So, don't take to long. Okay?"

 

The figure commented as she turned and ran back down the alley. Sasami ran to 
her sister and picked her head up. Kiyone stared into the darkness.

 

'I'm so sorry, Ryoko. I didn't know it was you.' Kiyone sighed.

 

She knelt beside Ayeka and picked her up. Once Sasami had calmed down, Kiyone 
once again led the others in the direction of the palace.

 

******

 

Ryoko sat with her back against the wall of the small gate outside of the 
palace. Nearby, the rippling of a fountain could be heard. A light breeze
picked up and Ryoko hugged her knees to her chest. Feeling tired and unrested, 
she closed her eyes and listened to the churning water.

 

Nearly 10 minutes later, Ryoko's ears detected footsteps. 'They're here.' She 
thought. A funny feeling came over her and she frowned. She was
nervous. She had never been nervous before in her life and now, for some reason 
she was overcome with a new feeling of anxiety and butterflies.

 

She saw a few figures approach the gate and then a few more behind the first. 
Ryoko stood up but stayed against the wall and out of sight.

 

Kiyone looked around and rubbed her chin. "Hmmm. She's suppose to be here by 
now." She muttered.

 

From behind her Mihoshi chirped, "Oh. Are you meeting someone here Kiyone?"

 

Kiyone sighed heavily. "Just shut up Mihoshi. I'm not in the mood for your 
stupidity tonight."

 

"I don't see how you ever were. Personally, I myself would have used her for 
fish bait by now." A figure stepped from behind the shadows with
another figure close behind the first.

 

Kiyone quirked an eyebrow. 'I thought she'd be alone.' She pondered.

 

The woman stepped into the light and faced the people in front of her.

 

Sasami studied her closely. Her hair was blue with darker blue highlights. And 
in the light, her small eyes looked brown. A beige and black ball
cap with the words, 'Winblum Comets' sat upon her head. She was fairly tall with 
a slim body and a lot of curves.

 

She wore a pair of white denim jeans with a black tank top and a purple 
windbreaker. Needless to say, Sasami found the woman to be very
beautiful and somehow familiar.

 

"I guess this means no 'welcome back's or long time no sees', huh?" The woman 
asked sarcastically.

 

Kiyone stepped forward. "Probably. If you, well, you know..."

 

The woman smirked. "Yeah. But you know me. Keep 'em on their toes, Akima." The 
woman gave a nervous laugh at Kiyone's face.

 

"That's what the other Academy professors called me because I had a tendency to 
keep my students on the edges of their seats." She explained.

 

Kiyone nodded. "Oh. So, do you still want to go by Akima or the latter?"

 

The woman though a moment. "I've been known as Akima for a long time. But, I'll 
always be just plain....Ryoko."

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Four ~

 

The first person to tackle Ryoko was Mihoshi. The blonde came running to speed 
and ran full force into the ex-pirate's arms.

 

"Oh. Ryoko, I'm so glad you're coming home! I've missed you so much. The house 
has been so quiet without you and with Washu dead, we never
have any funny anymore." The ditz blurted.

 

Ryoko cringed at the woman's rant. Kiyone's eye twitched as she pulled Mihoshi 
away from the silent woman.

 

Tenchi and Sasami both hugged her tightly, glad to see that she was all right. 
Sasami lingered behind and looked up at her long time friend. Her
pink eyes narrowed and she tucked a strand of loose blue hair behind her 
shoulder.

 

Ryoko had to admit that Sasami had changed the most out of all them. Her eyes no 
longer held the innocent look they once had. Instead, Ryoko
could see hints of anger, hatred and depression hiding deep within their color. 
Her hair had been cut to the small of her back and hung freely in
the breeze.

 

Ryoko thought Sasami had turned into a beautiful young lady, and since the 
princess wasn't wearing her hair in typical Jurain fashion, Ryoko had
to add to that statement all the more. Sasami turned her back to the others and 
stared past Ryoko at the fountain, her arms crossed tightly.

 

Ayeka had slowly come to and had nearly passed out from the shock of being told 
that the woman who had saved her was indeed the woman
before her eyes. And the complete shock of it all was that, that woman happened 
to be Ryoko. Ayeka's ruby eyes filled with tears.

 

Of course she was glad to see that Ryoko was absolutely fine and not keeling 
over all the time like she used to do when she drank to much sake.
Ayeka forced herself to smile. For five years she had lived a semi-quiet life. 
Naturally, she missed the little squabbles, without Ryoko around.

 

But, Ryoko had actually stopped fighting since before she left. So, Ayeka had 
just accepted that she was no longer a rival in the claiming of
Tenchi's heart. However, Tenchi hadn't chosen, or said a word about it. Ayeka 
began to wonder if the woman knew this from the get-go.

 

The elder princess thought for sure, that once Ryoko had left, that Tenchi's 
heart would be good as hers. But, every time she tried to get close to
him, he backed away. Ayeka sighed. Of course Ryoko knew that Tenchi was never 
going to choose. Ever. So, she set out for a new life. 

 

Ayeka brushed a tear from her eye and gingerly stepped forward and gave a Ryoko 
a hug. She released the taller woman and stepped back. Ryoko
had grown at least two inches since she had left, and her was no longer spiky, 
or the silvery blue color the princess once knew it had been.

 

Instead, her hair was long and ended just below her hips. It was a darker shade 
of blue, slightly lighter than Sasami's and the cobalt blue highlights
made it look better all the more. But, her eyes were the same. The same feline 
shape, and that golden yellow color.

 

Ayeka bowed to her and whispered, "Thank you, for saving me Ryoko."

 

Ryoko smiled and put a hand on the princess' shoulder. "Don't mention it."

 

"It will be good to have you back with us, demon woman." Ayeka smiled.

 

A quick frown made its way to Ryoko's face, but disappeared just as quick as it 
had come. Instead of agreeing she just winked.

 

Ayeka went and stood next to Tenchi. Sasami adjusted her head and cut her 
intimidating gaze in Ryoko's direction.

 

"You have no intention on coming back, do you?" The young woman asked brashly.

 

Ryoko saw the others cringe. 

 

"Is it true, Ryoko?" Tenchi questioned sadly.

 

Ryoko took a deep breath. "I'm afraid so, Tenchi. I...I can't just leave my life 
I lead now behind. I'm a teacher now. My students look up to me. I
can't just abandon them. I'm sorry. But, Sasami's right."

 

"Then, I guess we will still have to learn to say good-bye."

 

Ryoko quickly spun around. From the shadows came four figures. One she could 
tell was Ryo-Ohki in her adult form. The other three, she wasn't
sure about. But, the voice was familiar and as they got closer, Ryoko shuddered 
with saddened nostalgic.

 

"Katsu..." Ryoko let the sentence roll. The man was not Katsuhito. Instead, 
there stood Azaka and Kamidake in their human bodies, and behind
them was...

 

"Yosho....We all must learn to say goodbye. It's just a way of life." Ryoko 
answered.

 

The prince nodded. He stood face to face with her and tried to smile but found 
he could not. His violet eyes were narrowed slits of pain and
sadness. Yosho instantly wrapped the woman in a loving embrace. Ryoko stood 
still, her arms dangling at her sides and her eyes wide with shock.

 

"It's good to see you again, Ryoko." He whispered into her ear. 

 

Tiny tears began to well up in her eyes as she relented and wrapped her arms 
around him. She buried her face into his neck and cried.

 

"I'm so lost, aren't I Yosho?" She asked wearily.

 

The prince shook his head no. "Not at all. We all loose our way sometime or 
another. All we have to do is search our hearts for the answers. But,
no one stays lost forever, Re. That's a guaranteed promise."

 

Ryoko nodded her head the best she could. She clung to Yosho as if he were her 
last thread of hope. 

 

"Ryoko?" Kiyone's voice floated to her ears.

 

Ryoko wriggled free from the embrace and looked at the officer. She was 
surprised to see that in her self-pity, she had missed the reunion of
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki. But, all seemed happy. Except for Nagi. She had a scowl on 
her face that could kill any man who boasted of their high ego.

 

"Yes?" Ryoko answered coolly, all traces of her small breakdown erased.

 

Kiyone shifted her gaze to the palace. "I think it's time to go. We really need 
to check on the Emperor and the Queens."

 

"Oh. All three are fine, Kiyone. I've kept a constant vigil on them for the past 
three days. No problems as of yet. But, we should still go tell them
that we are here." Ryoko pointed out.

 

The others nodded and soon Ryoko found herself being led into the palace by 
Yosho. Azaka and Kamidake strode behind them and it was only
then that Ryoko noticed the large bird perched upon Kamidake's shoulder. She 
took a quick glance at him and then turned around.

 

The bird noticed her looking at him and watched her closely. He cocked his head 
and kept his tiny eyes trained on her.

 

"Talon, is something the matter?" Kamidake asked him.

 

"No. Nothing is wrong Kamidake. I was just wondering." Talon replied.

 

Kamidake and Azaka shrugged.

 

They heard a booming voice and then the high squeals of Misaki. And then finally 
Ayeka's own cry of, "Uh-hahn, my mommy!"

 

Misaki looked at Sasami who just glowered back at her.

 

"Sasami?" Misaki asked with a raised eyebrow.

 

"Mother. Father. Aunt Funaho." Sasami replied with disdain.

 

Misaki wasn't happy one bit and started for the young girl when Ryoko stepped 
between the two. Misaki looked up and cocked her head.

 

"Oh. Aren't you just such a doll!" Misaki cried out as she latched onto Ryoko. 

 

From behind her, Ryoko heard Ryo-Ohki laughing at the banter of Misaki. Ryoko 
growled and pried the Queens arms away from her mid-section.

 

"Hey! Leggo. Knock it off Misaki. Come on, leggo I said." Ryoko uttered.

 

Misaki stepped back. "Well, you know me but I'm afraid I didn't quite catch your 
name."

 

Ryoko crossed her arms. "Then there is a God afterall." She muttered.

 

Funaho moved up beside Ryoko and gave her a friendly hug.

 

"It's good to see such familiar faces again. How have you been, Ryoko? The last 
I had heard of you, you had moved from Earth." Funaho stated
sweetly.

 

Ryoko saw over the woman's shoulder the anger filled eyes of Azusa as he placed 
himself between the two queens and Ryoko herself. Azusa
pulled his sword from his hilt and pointed it at the ex-pirate.

 

"Ryoko. As by law, you are not suppose to be here. But because you have broken 
the law, I'm afraid I have to arrest you." Azusa seethed.

 

Ryoko stepped back but felt herself stop. She looked up to see Yosho standing 
beside her, and arm around her back, the other holding her right
hand.

 

"Yosho! What are you doing? Move away at once." Azusa ordered sternly.

 

Yosho glanced down at his father. "Do not be intimidated. We have to stand 
against him, Ryoko. Are you with me?"

 

Ryoko nodded and gripped Yosho's hand tightly. She and Yosho stood side by side 
and glared at Azusa.

 

"Yosho. I'm warning you." Azusa scolded.

 

"And I am warning you, father. You have no right to threaten Ryoko and I don't 
like the way you treat her. As long as I'm around, she will be left
alone. Or those who dare to threaten or harm her, will meet harm themselves." 
Yosho retorted.

 

Azusa looked bewildered. Ryoko looked at the Emperor sadly.

 

"Lord Azusa. I mean no harm to you or your people. In fact, I'm only here to 
save your planet. I'm sure that you have heard of the deaths and
destruction of Alpha-Centauri and Eridanus. Jurai is next on the list. And 
then...the colony I currently reside on. I only wish to be of service to
you." 

 

Azusa looked her up and down and then turned towards Ayeka and Sasami. 

 

"Ryoko is correct father. Jurai is in grave danger. And, if you don't believe 
her, then maybe you should know that she has saved my life already
tonight. And for the past three nights, has watched over you, mother and Auntie 
Funaho. Please give her a chance. Trust her for once." Ayeka
pleaded.

 

Reluctantly, Azusa nodded. He gestured for them to head to the meeting room 
where they could discuss Jurai's situation privately. Funaho and
Misaki caught a look from Yosho that was directed at Ryoko. Funaho smiled and 
followed her husband, as did Misaki.

 

Ryoko soon found herself sitting beside the prince going over evacuation plans, 
defense ideas and answers.

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Five ~

 

"Is everything ready, Vice-Admiral?" Taris asked anxiously.

 

Lynx saluted. "SIR. Everything is in working order and a go. Troops are standing 
by. The Kuroshio is in position as are Commander Star's men.
Everything is in order and awaiting your signal."

 

Taris nodded. "Good. Then, let Act 3 commence."

 

Lynx nodded and turned to face his men. "We have a go for Operation Payback. 
Soldiers, salute and move out!"

 

"SIR! YES SIR!"

 

Taris watched the hundred or more soldiers descend into the docking bay and soon 
small battles here and there broke out. 

 

Applied weight to his shoulder made him look up. "Aw, Eblis. Tell me good news."

 

"Master Taris. All seems to be going as planned. The emperor had a few guests 
though. But, they are nothing to worry about sir. Easily remedied,
if you catch my drift." Eblis announced.

 

Taris grinned. "My, my. Aren't you the devilish one tonight." 

 

He shifted his body and stared into the shadows.

 

"Anemone. Our audience requires your presence. Come. Let's give them a 
performance they will never forget." Taris spoke low and menacing.

 

The woman stepped from the shadows. "Yes, my Lord."

 

He ran his eyes over her body and nodded. Her red highlighted black hair was 
drawn back into a high ponytail that rested on top of her crown. Her
eyelids were painted black to match her small black eyes. Her lips were a light 
red that resembled her highlights.

 

The outfit alone made Taris want to drool. He smiled slyly. The open front black 
dress billowed out onto the floor, the toes of her red heels
poking out. A slit went up both sides allowing the ability to move quickly. The 
v-neck allowed a generous view of her chest when she walked.

 

And right there in the middle of her forehead was the faded outline of the 
double stared flower. The symbol of the Windflower, the Anemone.
The Greek goddess Athena's name for the rebirth of a man she once loved. 

 

Taris found the name suitable for her and she never voiced any arguments. He 
held out his hand and she took it gratefully. 

 

"Let our roles, begin." Taris rasped as he and Anemone disappeared from the 
bridge of the ship.

 

Anemone looked around her. She stood outside the docking bay, a long corridor 
stretching both left and right. Taris regarded the paths and finally
decided to split up. Anemone agreed and was soon flying down the hallway when 
she came across a couple of guards rushing into battle.

 

Anemone pulled out her black energy sword and charged the small group of 
soldiers. Screams filtered through one ear and out the other as one by
one she dropped them like flies. Blood speckled the once white floors and walls. 
Anemone reached up and wiped a spot of blood from her cheek.

 

She continued down the hall until she came to a set of doors. Anemone drifted to 
her feet and sauntered up to the door. Placing a hand on the
wooden frame she closed her eyes and concentrated.

 

"Not here. It must be in another room. But, where." She muttered.

 

"FREEZE!" 

 

Anemone spun around to see a woman with teal hair and cerulean eyes standing 
there with a blaster in her hand. Another woman with blonde hair
and blue eyes was beside her, her hands also on a blaster.

 

Anemone smirked. "Well, well. If it isn't the Galaxy Police. You are no match 
for me, weaklings. Your attempts to defeat me are futile."

 

"Yeah. Well we'll just see about that, bitch." Kiyone grinned and fired.

 

The plasma bolt whizzed through the air towards Anemone. The woman smirked and 
allowed the plasma bolt to strike her. She never even
flinched. Instead, the plasma bolt evaporated.

 

Kiyone and Mihoshi dropped their jaws.

 

"Oh shit! RUN MIHOSHI!" Kiyone shouted as she took off down the hall with the 
blonde on her heels. 

 

Kiyone heard a whirring noise and glanced back to see something red and white 
barreling at them. Kiyone never had a chance to round the corner
when the light landed in front of her and exploded. Kiyone felt herself being 
flung back and landing against something hard.

 

Mihoshi lay face down on the floor, blood trickling from the back of her head.

 

"God! Mihoshi?" She shook her partner when a sinister laugh sounded off the 
walls.

 

Anemone stepped through the dust and stood before the fallen officers.

 

"It seems that you can't play with the big dogs. And you know what they say 
about that don't you? If you can't run with the big dogs, then stay on the
porch." Anemone smirked viciously.

 

Without warning, Kiyone opened fire on her with her blaster. Anemone just 
laughed at her effortless attempts. Kiyone squeezed the trigger again.
Her heart sunk when she heard the faint 'whir' fade away as the gun died.

 

Kiyone swore under her breath and tossed the gun aside. She rose to her feet and 
rushed Anemone head on. Anemone dematerialized at the last
minute and delivered a swift kick to Kiyone's left thigh. Kiyone screamed from 
the ripping sensation that emanated in her leg.

 

Anemone watched the officer drop to her knees, one hand holding her up and the 
other clutching her thigh. Anemone hit her where it count. Her
leg would be out of commission for at least a day until her muscles relaxed. 
Kiyone glanced over her shoulder and shut her eyes.

 

She waited for Anemone to bring her sword down upon her head but instead was 
greeted with a terrifying screech. Kiyone opened her eyes to see
Mihoshi standing there, a blaster in hand. Anemone was gripping her left 
shoulder tightly as blood oozed between her fingers.

 

Anemone cursed and stretched out her other hand to fire a counterattack on the 
blonde when a shout echoed off the walls from down the hall.
Anemone heard the distinct fissures of a plasma blast and vanished just as it 
whizzed through her transparent figure.

 

Kiyone saw Ryoko, Ayeka and Tenchi running down the hall. Tenchi and Ayeka were 
all decked out in their battle suits while Ryoko opted for her
tank top and jeans. An energy sword occupied her hand, it's blade glowing a 
light red orange. Ryoko flew towards the woman in a hurry.

 

She was about to strike when the woman dodged the attack and landed a punch to 
Ryoko's back. Ryoko gasped and fell to her hands and knees
trying to breathe. Tenchi ignited Tenchi-ken and stood over Ryoko while Ayeka 
checked to make sure Kiyone and Mihoshi were all right.

 

Tenchi glared at the woman angrily. "Who are you? And what purpose do you have 
here?" He asked in a threatening tone.

 

The woman chuckled and floated in the air. She wiped black tresses over her 
shoulder and smiled. 

 

"I'm known as 'Windflower.' But you may address me as Anemone, sweet prince."

 

Tenchi locked his elbows incase this 'Anemone' decided to attack. 

 

"Great. This here is Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi. Of course you know Tenchi. I'm 
known as the Space Pirate Ryoko. Now that we have established
each 'athers' name....what the hell are you doing here?" Ryoko commented.

 

Tenchi noticed a flicker of green pass over the woman's black eyes at the 
mention of Ryoko's name. 'Strange.' He thought. 'Maybe she knows
Ryoko from when she was under Kagato's control.'

 

"I'm here on behalf of my Master. Lord Taris. He requests the revenge of this 
puny planet along with the blood of the Jurain house and the Space
tree Tsunami. If you stand in our way, boy, I will personally tear you limb from 
limb. Nobody gets in our way and lives to tell about it." Anemone
seethed.

 

Ryoko ignited her sword. "Well, today's the day we prove you wrong, master's 
pet. You're going down, Anemone. You and your godforsaken
master."

 

"Is that a threat, little Ryoko?" Anemone asked curtly.

 

Ryoko stopped. She stared at the woman before her.

 

"Ryoko? What is it?" Tenchi asked worriedly.

 

Ryoko shook her head and the feeling passed. "Nothing. And no, it wasn't a 
threat. It was a promise. And I always keep my promises."

 

"Yes you do. That's one thing you're good at it, Ryoko." Mihoshi chimed.

 

Anemone quirked an eyebrow at the blonde. "What an imbecile. I see though, that 
with her, you have no chance in taking us down. Unless, you
take her out first. Do not stand in our way, or you will pay the price for doing 
so." 

 

Anemone charged up a small blast in her open hands. "Here is a warning shot." 
She scowled. Grinning, she drew back to release the ball and
suddenly stopped mid swing. She lowered her hand and wheezed. Ryoko saw the 
energy blast fade away as Anemone clutched the left side of her
chest.

 

Her discomfort passed just as quickly as it had come and Anemone re-powered her 
attack. She released it but cursed when Ryoko dodged it.
Ryoko smiled and watched her, her eyes glowing with confusion. 

 

"Remember my warnings." Anemone laughed as she slowly faded away.

 

"Come back and fight, coward." Ryoko screamed as she drew her sword across the 
transparent figure of Anemone. To her surprise, the blade cut
through Anemone's form leaving a small gash across her neck and chest.

 

Anemone frowned. She narrowed her eyes and stated, "For your own good, 
Ryoko...stay out of this battle. This is my last warning and offer. If you
fight, there is no guarantee, for your safety. It will be beyond my power, 
little one."

 

Anemone's figure completely disappeared. The only proof that she had been there 
were the tiny specs of blood that stained Ryoko's jeans and the
concrete floor beneath her feet.

 

Ryoko's sword fizzled and died down. She balled her hands into fists, her nails 
digging deep into her palms. She took a deep breath and let it out in
the form of a word. 

 

"Anemone." Ryoko sighed and landed firmly on the floor. Her eyes dull and 
confused.

 

"Ryoko? Are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost or something."

 

Ryoko turned to Ayeka. "I think...I think I may have, Ayeka. I think I have."

 

Ryoko faded away leaving a puzzled princess, prince and GP officer in her wake. 
Mihoshi was still trying to figure out how Anemone was so
strong.

 

******

 

Anemone teleported to the front line of soldiers that were steadily making their 
way into the palace. Bodies of friend and foe alike were
scattered on the ground. Anemone shuddered as the smell of blood, dirt and sweat 
filled her nostrils and the air. 

 

Someone tapped her on the shoulder causing her to spin around quickly to see a 
Jurain soldier standing there, a bloodied hand pressed firmly to
his stomach. His eyes bore into hers as he pleaded with her to help him.

 

Anemone moved back, puzzlement etched on her face. The man was pale and his 
breath scraggly. Anemone sighed. And did the only thing she
could do. She ran her sword through the guy's heart. The man gasped as the blade 
slid into his flesh. Anemone watched him slide from the blade to
the ground.

 

She had helped him. But in the way she had been taught to. Even her fellow 
comrade was to receive the same fate if they were to ask her for help.
It was the way Taris had trained her. And she couldn't escape it. What she had 
to do was inevitable. She heard a scream and then footsteps.

 

An angry middle-aged man ran to the side of the now dead soldier. The older 
guard glared at her.

 

"You sick, twisted bitch. That was my only son you just killed. It's inhumane to 
slay a person when they have surrendered or are hurt. He asked
you to help him. He wasn't going to fight you. What kind of person would do 
that?"

 

Anemone clutched her sword tighter. She couldn't stand the whining of the 
soldier and letting her anger get the better of her, brought her sword
down upon him. His chest bursting open and spilling blood everywhere.

 

He slumped beside his son, now able to join him in hell. Anemone walked away 
from the sickening sight. The battlefield was practically empty
and abandoned. Anemone held onto her sword and wandered the bare area.

 

Something from the corner of her eye caught her attention. A young woman with 
blonde hair was darting across the field. Anemone held her
sword out in front of her in a defensive stance. The woman slowed down and 
called out to her.

 

"Anemone?!? Where are Taris and Lynx?"

 

Anemone extinguished her sword. "I do not know, Commander."

 

Meiru tilted her head and gasped. "You're wounded! Let me see."

 

Anemone jerked back but Meiru held on with a strong grip. She inspected the gash 
on Anemone's neck and chest and sighed with relief.

 

"This one isn't so bad. But the bullet in your arm has to come out. Come back to 
the Kuroshio so that the doctor can look at it. Please, Anemone."

 

"No. My post is here. On the battlefield, not in some med lab on a ship. Let go 
of me." Anemone snatched her arm back to Meiru's surprise.

 

Meiru watched the woman storm off in the direction of the palace entrance.

 

"Anemone! Wait!" Meiru shouted as she ran after her.

 

Anemone eyed her suspiciously. "Where are you going?" She asked rudely.

 

Meiru smirked. "With you of course. I consider it my prime directive to protect 
you. It's part of my duty as a Commander. You know, to look out
for the well being of my men and comrades. That okay with you?"

 

"Do whatever you want. But I won't be the one responsible for your death."

 

Meiru nodded as she and Anemone walked into the palace hall.

 

******

 

Kiyone winced, her body jerking sideways.

 

"Hold still, would ya?" Ryoko muttered with frustration.

 

She finished wrapping a bandage around the officer's wrist and pinned it off. 
Kiyone absently rubbed her left thigh trying to ease her muscles up. 

 

"You really took a hard kick there, didn't you. I thought that only agents of 
the GP or a soldier of Jurai would know about that defense move. It's
strange, but, I feel like I know that woman." Ryoko stated simply.

 

"You and me both." Tenchi responded. "Don't know why, but I do."

 

Ryoko stood up and crossed the room. Mihoshi sat on the floor with ice wrapped 
in a towel pressed against the back of her head. Ryoko pulled a
chair up behind her and sat down.

 

"Here, let me see." She instructed soothingly.

 

Mihoshi withdrew the makeshift icepack to expose a nasty gash at the base of her 
skull. Ryoko grimaced at how much blood there was. It had
dried in her blonde hair, on her neck and has soaked the collar of her shirt. 
Ryoko shook her head grimly.

 

She separated the blonde's hair until she found the wound. Ryoko examined it and 
finally let the woman's hair fall back to her shoulders.

 

"Well? How bad is it?" Ayeka asked from her spot on a nearby couch.

 

"Not good, but not life threatening either. Mihoshi, that gash needs to be 
sutured." Ryoko tried to explain but was cut off by the woman.

 

"What's sutured? Is that some kind of herb, like sugar?" Mihoshi quizzed.

 

Ryoko chuckled. "No silly. It means, that it's going to take a couple of 
stitches to close the gash. Possibly three or four to make sure it will grow
back together without leaving a big scar."

 

"It may have to wait. The doctors are busy taking care of the mortally wounded. 
And we aren't allowed out of the room until things settle down."

 

Ryoko listened to Azusa's debate.

 

"Perhaps." Ryoko suggested. "But, if Mihoshi doesn't mind about an inch or two 
of her scalp shaved, I can close that up in a jiffy."

 

"YOU?!" Ayeka questioned with disbelief.

 

Ryoko nodded. "Yes. It just so happens that one of my good friends at the 
academy I teach at is a doctor on the side. He taught me how to do the
little things like cleaning wounds, setting bones, making slings or bandages to 
wrap injuries in and of course, how to stitch gashes like these."

 

Tenchi frowned. "I don't know Ryoko. It seems...." 

 

"I trust you, Ryoko. And I don't mind at all. So, feel free to sew away." 
Mihoshi's agreement cut Tenchi off.

 

Ryoko nodded. "Okay then. This may hurt a little bit."

 

Mihoshi gave a slight nod and sat very still as Ryoko made an energy blade and 
carefully began to cut a two-inch rectangle around the gash. Soon
Mihoshi was jumping a bit and gripping the rug on which she sat as Ryoko 
threaded a needle through her skin.

 

Ten minutes later, Ryoko tied the thread off and fixed the blonde's hair back 
into its ponytail.

 

"There, all done. How do you feel?" Ryoko asked the blonde with sympathy.

 

"A little dizzy, but okay."

 

Ryoko helped Mihoshi into the chair and crossed to the couch where Yosho and 
Sasami sat.

 

"I'm impressed Ryoko. In five years, you learned how to be more of a use to us 
than just by fighting." Nagi quipped from her place against the
wall.

 

Ryoko ignored her. As soon as she sat down, she felt tired and weak. And 
something about their enemy kept pestering her thoughts. Ryoko closed
her eyelids and leaned her head back against the couch until she could feel 
Yosho's shoulder by the side of her face.

 

Yosho slid an arm around her and shifted his position to make Ryoko more 
comfortable. Azusa and Misaki raised eyebrows at the gesture and
Funaho just smiled brightly.

 

Ryoko had just nodded off when there was a loud explosion from outside the room. 
Her head snapped up quickly and an energy sword formed in
her hand. She and Yosho rose to their feet and advanced to the door along with 
Tenchi, Ayeka and Nagi.

 

Nagi cracked the door and peered outside. "There are two women in the hallway. 
It seems that they have blown a hole into the room adjacent from
us." 

 

"I think that perhaps we should teach them a little lesson in destroying another 
person's property. Don't you?" Ryoko teased.

 

From his spot in a chair Azusa muttered, "That's not how you felt 700 years 
ago."

 

Yosho glared at him with narrowed violet eyes. "Father!"

 

Azusa jumped and sat back. "What?"

 

Yosho rolled his eyes and added, "I think that's a good idea."

 

Ryoko nodded. "Okay, so Nagi, Tenchi and I will go check things out then."

 

"I'm coming to." Ayeka huffed, her arms crossed.

 

"I don't think so princess. We can't risk any more casualties. Already, we're 
down two members. We can't lose more. And that means you. So, you
stay put." Ryoko ordered her.

 

"I agree, Ayeka. Someone has to stay here to protect the others." Tenchi replied 
worriedly.

 

"Well, she may have to stay. But, I'm going." Yosho implied. He pointed at 
Ryoko. "Someone has to protect you and make sure that you don't get
into trouble."

 

Ryoko frowned. "I appreciate your concern. But, I don't need any protection. You 
should stay and guard your family, Yosho. I'll be okay."

 

Yosho shook his head no. "I don't care. I'm still going, whether you like it or 
not." He pushed past them and slipped out the door.

 

"Damn." Ryoko rasped as she went after him. Nagi and Tenchi shrugged and 
followed suit. Ayeka turned to see a frowning Azusa and a confused
Misaki. Funaho however, held the happiness of an expecting mother.

 

******

 

"What exactly are we looking for?" Meiru griped as she shifted through file 
cabinets and desk drawers.

 

"Records. Information for now." Anemone replied.

 

Meiru tilted her head. "Information for what?"

 

Anemone frowned. "You'll know when we cross that road. For now, just search. If 
you find anything, let me know."

 

Meiru rolled her eyes. "Whatever."

 

She went to opening drawers and shuffling through papers. She was running her 
eyes a paragraph of information when she heard a light creak.
Meiru spun on her heel and glanced at the door. Anemone must not have heard it 
because she was still rummaging through a desk.

 

'Must have been my imagination.' Meiru chided herself as she went back to the 
paper.

 

A slight hissing sound made Meiru freeze in her tracks. A small amount of 
pressure and heat was pressed against her neck. Anemone had turned
and was glaring at something Meiru couldn't see.

 

"Turn around slowly." 

 

Meiru heard the stern voice of a man and carefully spun to face him. Her purple 
eyes lifted up to see a young man with an energy sword standing
close in front of her. She held her hands up and sighed.

 

From the corner of her eyes she saw a slight movement of black and red. Anemone 
was going to make a run for it. Suddenly, something blue
stepped in the woman's path. 

 

"Going somewhere, Anemone?"

 

Meiru saw a woman with long blue hair and feral yellow eyes holding a red blade 
at Anemone's chest. Behind them was a young man with black
hair and brown eyes. He held a blue sword with a wooden hilt and was dressed in 
Jurain form. To his side was a muscular body of a woman.

 

Meiru knew instantly who the body belonged to and apparently the woman 
recognized her as well.

 

"Well, I see we meet again, Commander Star. Digging deep into trouble this time 
aren't you?" Nagi asked conceidingly.

 

Meiru sneered at her. "Like you would know, Nagi. What are you doing on Jurai 
anyway? I thought you hated this place."

 

Nagi shrugged. "I'm just helping out a friend."

 

The woman blocking Anemone smirked and glanced over her shoulder at the bounty 
hunter. "Glad to see that I'm considered your friend now,
Nagi."

 

Nagi ignored her. "Besides, I owe a certain young princess a favor. This happens 
to be it."

 

Meiru looked optimistic. She was about to ask the man holding a sword to her 
throat if he'd back off just a bit when a sudden flash of black and
red and a slight yelp drew the attention of everyone in the room.

 

"RYOKO!" The young man in front of Meiru ran to the woman who had stopped 
Anemone. Meiru just watched with confusement.

 

The woman was hunched over on all fours coughing. She was breathing hard and 
Meiru could hear slight whimpers coming from her. The man
knelt beside the woman and brushed her bangs from her damp face.

 

"Don't...let her....get away." The woman rasped nodding to the door that Anemone 
had bolted out of. 

 

Nagi and the other young man had already disappeared. No doubt chasing after 
their suspect. Meiru pondered on whether or not she should leave
and follow Anemone or stay behind since she really wanted nothing to do with 
this war any longer. Her good judgement won out.

 

She walked briskly to the man and crouched beside him. She eased Ryoko back onto 
her knees and pulled the woman's chin up to see her neck.

 

A red lump was forming on the underside of Ryoko's neck and a small tear had 
been made in the woman's tank top on the left side of her chest.
Meiru shook her head slowly and sat back.

 

"She got you good, didn't she?" She mumbled. The man watched her closely. Meiru 
stood up. 

 

"I'd get that checked if I were you. If she hit you as hard as I think she did, 
then you may have a broken clavicle. If it's not set, then you're going to
experiencing hell on Earth." Meiru instructed.

 

The woman rose to her feet and grinned. "Thanks for the warning. But, I won't 
need any help. Especially from the enemy."

 

Meiru saw anger rise in both their eyes. "Notice I didn't run away like Anemone 
did. That's because I'm against this battle in the first place. I'm
only here because I'm trying to stop Anemone. She doesn't belong here."

 

The man and woman exchanged glances. "Then, why were you trashing Jurai's 
defenses? And what were you looking for in here?" The young man
questioned.

 

"And exactly who are you?" The woman added.

 

Meiru walked to the door. "My name's Meiru. Commander Meiru Star, currently the 
leader of the Kuroshio. But, if the Admiral keeps this
charade up long enough, none of our ranks will matter."

 

She started for the door and was knocked back by an explosion down the hall. The 
man and woman pushed past her and into the hallway. 

 

"Hey- wait for me!" Meiru shouted as she ran after them. When she caught up to 
them, she saw dust and rubble everywhere. The man was cradling
the younger man's head in his lap and the woman was helping Nagi into a sitting 
position. A low moan caught Meiru's attention and she drew near
it.

 

Black and red tresses spilled out from underneath a marble column.

 

"Oh my god. Anemone!" Meiru dropped to her knees and checked on the woman. She 
was till breathing, but it was shallow and ragged.

 

Meiru tried to move the pillar but didn't have any progress. She tried again and 
this time it budged!

 

She looked up to see Nagi and the other woman lifting the large chunk of rock. 
Meiru was finally able to slide Anemone out from under the mess.

 

"Anemone? Can you hear me? Open your eyes?" Meiru pleaded. 

 

Small black eyes fluttered and Meiru gave a cry of joy. Anemone turned her head 
left and right until her gaze fell on Ryoko. Taking a deep breath
she grumbled something incoherent.

 

"What?" Meiru asked.

 

"Behind you, Litt...." Anemone's voice staggered off.

 

A laugh echoed through the destroyed corridor.

 

"So, I see that my trustworthy Commander has been the one betraying me. And to 
think...I had that lowlife Ensign Segawa murdered because I
thought he was the perpetrator. My was I ever wrong."

 

Meiru jumped to her feet and pulled the sword from her side.

 

"Damn you Taris. How could you? You wanted nothing more than to see your own men 
writhe in pain. But, how would you like it, huh? What
you've done to this woman was inconceivable. You're no better than the devil 
himself. I think it's time to go back to hell, TARIS!"

 

Meiru rushed forth and swung her sword. Taris' eyes narrowed as she hit a force 
field and bounced back with a yelp of surprise and pain.

 

Taris turned his gaze to Anemone. "Now, my dear Anemone. Show Commander Star and 
her flunkies what you can do. Make sure that you make
them comfortable as they are trembling on their knees begging for mercy. 
Remember how you were taught to help the wounded."

 

Anemone grabbed her head and screamed. She hovered off the floor and into the 
air above Ryoko and Nagi. Anemone blinked several times as if
something was in her eye. Ryoko once again saw the green flash deep within the 
black and shuddered.

 

The woman frowned and ignited a sword. She held it in Ryoko and Meiru's 
direction. Anemone took a deep breath and sighed. Meiru clambered to
her feet and raced beside Ryoko.

 

"Anemone? Don't do this. Remember your family, your friends. They all care for 
you. Don't ruin everything I've tried to do to reunite you with
them. You can't let Taris win. Fight it, please." Meiru begged, her voice shaky.

 

Anemone shook her head no. "I must obey my Master. Lord Taris wishes to see the 
blood of those that hurt and humiliated him. And the blood of
those who oppose him and stand in his way."

 

Anemone pulled her sword high into the air and froze.

 

It was then that Ryoko and Meiru noticed the tears streaming from her small 
black eyes.

 

"Forgive me, little one. I never wished to cause you so much pain. Only, 
happiness." Anemone whispered.

 

Meiru tilted her head. 'Was she talking to me?' She wondered.

 

Taris' laugh reverberated off the walls. The high insane pitch of his chuckle 
mixed with the terror filled scream let loose by Anemone as she
attacked.

 

******

 

Yosho helped Tenchi to his feet. He saw Ryoko, Nagi and the woman known as Meiru 
standing before Anemone. Behind them was a man with
long cobalt hair and black eyes. 

 

Tenchi focused his vision and listened carefully.

 

Yosho heard the man order Anemone to kill them. He saw her black and red blade 
rise up and pause. And the frightened words she spoke, "Forgive
me, little one. I never wished to cause you so much pain. Only, happiness."

 

Her sword came down as she screamed loudly. 

 

Yosho tried to move forward but was frozen in place. The sound of energy on 
energy was heard and Yosho looked up instantly.

 

There stood Ryoko, blade in hand facing off with Anemone. 

 

The man in the air laughed and soon cursed as Nagi and Meiru double-teamed him. 
Yosho glanced at Tenchi who nodded and soon they too had
joined the perilous battle.

 

Nagi and Meiru were losing and soon began to gain ground as Tenchi stepped in to 
help. Yosho had snuck behind Anemone and brought his sword
down upon her back.

 

Ryoko cried out to him urging him to stop. But he did not hear her shout until 
she screamed. Yosho looked terror stricken to see Ryoko standing
before Anemone, his blade embedded into her stomach.

 

"Ryoko!" He caught her as she landed in his arms.

 

The other fight pretty much stopped as she fell limp.

 

Tenchi saw Taris disappear but was to worried for Ryoko's well being to care. 
Anemone's blade fizzled as she saw the woman she had tried to kill,
lay dying after taking a hit intended for her.

 

"Ryoko, why?" Yosho asked her shakily.

 

Ryoko smiled. "Look at her Yosho. Meiru said she didn't belong here. She's being 
controlled just like I was. I was bad once and yet you let me
live even though I attacked you and your family. Does that make her any less 
degrading than myself? We're the same, she and I."

 

Yosho nodded. "I understand. But.Ryoko. You shouldn't have shielded her with 
your body."

 

Anemone frowned. She started to kneel down when she hissed and clutched at her 
head again.

 

"NO! Leave me ALONE!" Anemone cried and soon vanished.

 

Ryoko turned over and rose to her feet.

 

"We have to help her, you guys. Please." Ryoko asked as she limped away.

 

They all nodded and headed after her.

 

When Ryoko arrived outside, she saw Anemone floating feet above the many dead 
bodies strewn across Jurai's land. 

 

She laughed evilly and swooped down on Ryoko who brought her sword up just in 
time to deflect Anemone's onslaught. Ryoko flew back and
locked her knees up to keep from being knocked over.

 

Anemone allowed a green aura to engulf her body in a sea of energy. Something 
began to glow near the woman's and forehead. Ryoko gasped as a
surge of power rocked through her body knocking her to her butt. The surge faded 
along with Ryoko's strength.

 

She shot a glance at Anemone to see something red glowing in the middle of her 
forehead and on her wrists. 

 

Ryoko gasped. Tears sprang to her eyes and she began to shake her head violently 
muttering, "No. It can't be. It just isn't possible. Why?"

 

Anemone opened her eyes and stared at Ryoko's still form. With one quick dive, 
she could finish the ex-pirate off right there, but something
inside her told her it was wrong. Anemone felt Taris's mind push her to complete 
her mission. Anemone swept down and raised her sword.

 

"Ryoko! Look out."

 

Ryoko's head snapped up allowing her enough time to dodge the attack.

 

She leapt up and chased Anemone before firing a few blasts that diverted 
Anemone's attention from her flying. Anemone turned and held her
sword up to protect herself. Ryoko stopped a few feet before reaching her and 
stared down at her. 

 

Ryoko's body trembled as she eased her way to Anemone's side.

 

"Anemone. I'm not going to hurt you. You can stop this. You don't have to fight 
under his control. You're stronger than this. I know you are.
Please, just hear me out. I need you. You can't do this to me." Ryoko told her 
sadly.

 

Tears dripped from her face as she fought the image of the woman in her vision.

 

Yosho and the others watched with growing intensity, as did Taris.

 

Anemone shuddered and then without warning, launched herself at Ryoko.

 

Ryoko felt a searing pain flare up through her shoulder as she wrapped her arms 
around Anemone. Anemone fought and struggled but Ryoko
refused to release her.

 

"What's she doing?" Tenchi asked wildly.

 

Ryoko's bottom lip quivered as she stared Anemone in the eyes. Her cold and 
hating black eyes. The warm love they once held, was gone.

 

"Please. Come back to me." Ryoko whispered.

 

Anemone screamed due to her frustration and fought even more.

 

Ryoko felt her anger for the man who had done this to her build up inside her. 
Finally, she couldn't take it anymore and slapped Anemone.

 

Ryoko dug her nails into her palm as she shouted through her tears, "Why won't 
you snap out of it? Please. Fight him. Make him listen to you.
Don't fear him, for God's sake don't fear him."

 

Anemone stuttered but soon pushed passed Ryoko and fled to Taris's side.

 

"You see small angel, Anemone is mine to do with as I please. She is my puppet, 
my tool, my way to revenge. She lost her freedom years ago
when she ruined my life and reputation and now she pays for it, with her life."

 

Taris announced as he sent a bolt of crackling blue energy in Anemone's 
direction. Anemone took the hit full force and skidded back a few feet. 

 

Taris smiled smugly until he felt something sharp slash across his arm. He 
turned to see Ryoko standing there, palm outstretched and frowning.

 

"I see you wish to die as well." Taris insisted.

 

Ryoko narrowed her eyes. "Not as much as you, pal. But, I'm warning you, I don't 
like it when people screw around with my family. And when they
go as far as to corrupt my own mother that's when I get pissed. You leave her 
alone, do you hear me?" 

 

Ryoko launched an all out attack on Taris but each blast was deflected. Taris 
cut his eyes over to Anemone. He fired a random blast that struck
Ryoko in the leg causing her to topple back some.

 

"So, I see that you are not the last of your kind, Washu."

 

Tenchi, Yosho and Nagi gasped. Taris' secret had been revealed. Anemone was 
indeed, Washu.

 

Taris powered up a good-sized blast and flung it in Anemone's direction.

 

Ryoko screamed and dove towards the woman knocking her out of the blasts way. 
She hit the ground and slid a few feet before stopping.

 

She sat up groggily and looked around. Nearby, Anemone lay on her side, her back 
to Ryoko.

 

"MOM?!?" Ryoko rushed to her side and turned her over.

 

Washu's eyes fluttered open revealing the deep emerald green of her irises.

 

"Little Ryoko?" She asked meekly, her voice straining to remain steady.

 

Ryoko buried her face into her mother's hair. "I thought I had lost you."

 

Washu shifted painfully. "You'll never loose me, Lit....AHHH!" She screamed as 
her body racked with convulsions.

 

"Mother? No, what's wrong? What's happening to you?" Ryoko asked frantically.

 

Washu shuddered and then quieted down. She was barely breathing and every once 
in a while her body twitched.

 

A hissing sound made her ears perk up just as Taris released another large blast 
of energy. Ryoko hugged Washu and closed her eyes tightly.

She waited for the impact and soon felt the heat all around her. She heard a low 
cry of pain and then a thud.

 

She looked up to see Meiru crouching on her knees protectively.

 

"Meiru? Why?" She questioned uncertainly.

 

"Because I promised her that I'd get her out. She gave this locket to me and 
told me to find my light and that I should find the one that shines
brightly in her eyes. I know realize that, she was talking about you. She needs 
you and what Taris has done to her is wrong. Stop him for me. For
her. For us."

 

Meiru smiled and fell lifelessly to the ground.

 

Ryoko cradled her head and shook her lightly. "Meiru! Meiru? Wake up."

 

From her side she saw Taris approaching her. She ignited her sword and stood up. 
Taris laughed at the scene before his eyes.

 

"Nothing more need be said. Ding dong, the bitch is dead." Taris sang.

 

Ryoko's eyes glowed with anger as she teleported from sight and reappeared 
behind him. With one fluid motion she had taken his leg from under
him making him drop to his hands. His chin hit the ground splitting it open.

 

Taris cursed and turned his head to see Ryoko raising her sword.

 

"Go ahead, kill me. Just like your slut of a mother did. She ruined my life, and 
she deserved to pay. And pay she did, in full with her life and
breath. And now, you'll be joining her. Just like a lost puppy, you'll follow 
little mommy to the grave." Taris rasped happily.

 

"Nobody and I mean NOBODY mocks my mother and gets away with it. Not even 
deadbeats like you. Say your prayers, Taris. And pray that the
devil goes easy on your soul." Ryoko brought her sword down.

 

A shout behind her tried to get her to stop, but this time, Taris had gone to 
far. He murdered his parents, innocent people, Meiru. And used her
mother like a marionette. He may have killed her as well and when Ryoko thought 
about it, the more she found that this man didn't deserve a
second chance.

 

Her blade seared through his neck with a hissing sound. His head lolled back and 
rolled to the side until it stopped, his cobalt hair splaying around
his bloody face. Someone behind her gasped and she heard the sound of someone 
throwing up. Ryoko just didn't care.

 

"That's for making my mother look like a fool." Ryoko growled. She spit on his 
face heavily. "And that's for making her kill against her will, you
bastard."

 

Ryoko shuffled her feet and dropped to her knees. She picked Washu's head up and 
placed it in her lap. She ran a smooth finger across Washu's
face and began to cry. Washu was barely alive, and deep in Ryoko's heart, she 
knew that her mother wouldn't be able to hold onto life much
longer.

_________________________________________________________

 

( End Of Book D ~ Chapter IV ~ Valley Of The Shadow )

 

 

Gentle days free from pain...automated injections of comfort. So happy was I. So 
useful. It's not my
fault. I'm helping everybody. I don't want to disappear......... ..to die.

                                                Parasite Eve Two 

 

Author's Note: This was an exceptionally fun chapter to write. Lots of 
mysteries, revealed secrets, cut
downs.gotta luv it. 

 Acropolis of course it the high point of the city or the citadel. And Erectheum 
is a temple of high importance to
the Greeks. 

Hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please read and review, flame, suggest or 
whatever! Thanks!
