Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or TM related characters. All I get out of 
writing these stories is the fulfillment of my demented fantasies. Nor do I own 
any part
of 'Rose Madder' by Stephen King. I don't get fame, money, pride or power, so 
don't sue! Thanks...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* * *~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


The Second Book Of

~ Heartstrings ~

 

* Book B ~ Chapter II ~ On Her Own * 

 

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Tenchi tossed and turned with his thoughts on Ryoko. Finally giving in, he sat 
upright in his bed and stared out the window. There wasn't anything
he or any of the others could do about Ryoko's sudden leave.

 

Ayeka and Tenchi had gone and confronted Katsuhito no later than an hour after 
Ryoko left. Ayeka had calmed down and stormed off to the shrine
with Tenchi on her heels. Mihoshi and Kiyone stayed behind to console Sasami. 

 

Tenchi rose to his feet and leaned his forehead against the cold windowpane. The 
small dispute between his grandfather and Ayeka weighed
heavily on his mind. It was, easy to say, an argument he wouldn't forget anytime 
soon.

 

* Flashback *

 

"Now Ayeka- calm down. We don't have to rush to the shrine. Grandpa's not going 
anywhere. Now, just wait a minute, would ya?" Tenchi cried.

 

Ayeka had run from the house and up the mountain path to the shrine. She made a 
sound of frustration as she continued up the path. 

 

"No. I will not calm down or wait. Yosho had no right to hide this from me."

 

Tenchi sighed and followed her. When they reached the shrine, they found 
Katsuhito, in the form of Yosho, standing outside of the small hut.
Tears reflected the moonlight in his violet eyes. 

 

"YOSHO!" Ayeka ran to him, anger in her voice.

 

The prince faced her just in time to see something come crashing into his face. 
A stinging 'slap' resonated off the young man's face as Ayeka's
hand backhanded him with vicious hatred. Yosho never flinched.

 

"How could you? How could you just stand by and allow me to believe that you 
loved me and were going to marry me when I grew up? When
instead, you were running around with that demon?" Ayeka asked, her voice cold.

 

"Sister, please understand. It wasn't because I didn't love you. You are my 
sister, my blood. I can not bring myself to marry into blood like I was
suppose to. I'm sorry. But, I can't change what's in the past. I can't change 
the way I felt or feel now for her, Ayeka. I can't. And won't." Yosho
replied.

 

Ayeka crumpled to her knees. "I loved you. I searched for you and was 
heartbroken when I heard you had married. Seems that I lost your heart to
that uncouth space whore. But why? And how? How could you love her?"

 

Tenchi crouched beside her and stared up at Yosho. "I disagree. If you loved 
Ryoko, that was your business. But I do find it wrong that you led
Ayeka on to believe your heart would one day belong to her. Out of respect and 
love, you should have said something." Tenchi responded slowly.

 

Yosho knelt beside his sister and grandson. "You are right. I am sorry, Ayeka. 
But, I was afraid you would go to father about my relationship with
Ryoko. He would have killed her and more and likely disowned me. I just hope you 
can forgive me, but more importantly, forgive Ryoko."

 

Ayeka frowned. Yosho lifted her chin so her eyes could meet his. "Please don't 
hate her. She doesn't hate you. If you feel anything, it should be
the closeness of sisters through the bond of friendship. We both agreed to keep 
the 'us' a secret. But, she told you anyway, because she cares for
you."

 

Ayeka shed a few more tears before nodding. "I suppose you have a point. You 
never said a word about it to me or anyone else. And you were
closer to me than she was. But, Ryoko showed true family love by revealing the 
secret you had remained silent about for so long." Ayeka hung her
head.

 

Tenchi nodded in agreement. "Yes. And that alone should show you that she didn't 
tell you to rub it in or make you jealous. She told you because
she loves you as a sister and felt that, because Yosho was rightfully yours, you 
deserved the chance to know." Tenchi assured her.

 

Yosho sighed. "Tenchi is right. Ryoko came to me before she left. She told me 
that she left a letter explaining everything. Including our past
together. She said you had the right to know and to not be kept in the dark. She 
wanted me to tell you that, she's sorry and she hopes you forgive
her."

 

Ayeka stood up. "Of course. She's family. I may have lost you to her, but that 
doesn't mean I will sacrifice my friendship with because of my petty
jealousy. If you loved her, then, that is all that matters, brother. I'm sorry 
to have slapped you. Goodnight." Ayeka quickly ran back to the house.

 

Tenchi observed the young prince for a little while longer. "You should go get 
some sleep now, Tenchi. You and the others have had a long night."

 

"I know. But, I can't sleep just yet. Neither can you, huh?" Tenchi asked.

 

Tenchi heard a loud and depressing sigh from the young man. Yosho faced him, 
tears lining his bottom eyelids.

 

"She was the first person to love me for who I was. Not for my heritage. She 
didn't care about the money, or that I was a prince. She only cared
about my heart and the love I had for her. Nothing else mattered to her." 

 

Tenchi wanted to console the man but found he couldn't. It was strange to see 
the man cry, but he felt like crying himself. Many times he had
pushed Ryoko away from him, and now he regretted it. Yosho had once held her 
close to his heart and then let her go. Tenchi had made the same
mistake.

 

'But I am not as sorry about it as he is.' Tenchi thought to himself. 'Grandpa 
knew what it was like to hold her, love her, and be with her. I did not.' 

 

He turned his glance to Yosho. "Perhaps, it was for the best. I mean, me not 
choosing her or Ayeka. It's evident that you still care for her. Did you
ever say anything to her?"

 

Yosho's shoulders slumped forward. "No. Not since I sealed her in the cave. We 
both agreed to not say anything or to expose hints that we once
had a relationship. Instead, she went to you in hopes that you could fill the 
place I had left as an empty void. But, even with you, she couldn't
forget."

 

Tenchi nodded in acknowledgment. "I know. But, I'm sorry to say I don't have any 
feelings of that kind of love for her. Nor do I have any feelings
like that towards the other girls. And now that I think about, Ryoko had 
belonged to you since before I released her. I just thought I should tell
you."

 

Tenchi left quietly while Yosho contemplated his grandson's advice. He turned 
his gaze to the stars hoping for answers. And wishing for hope that
Ryoko would realize the truth before it was too late.

 

* End Flashback *

 

Tenchi shook his head deftly. Though he didn't harbor any intimate feelings for 
Ryoko, he silently prayed that she'd come back to them. Or, at
least come back to Yosho. Tenchi may have been stunned at the revealing news, 
but even Yosho and Ryoko deserved to be happy.

 

******

 

Taris shifted his position in the chair at the head of the briefing room table. 
His black eyes darted back and forth between his many subordinates.
He let his eyes come to rest on a young man with golden brown hair. Taris 
allowed a grin to furl upon his lips. 

 

The young man took a seat next to Taris. He leafed through some papers and then 
turned his gaze to Taris. The man's eyes reflected the color of
bloodstained gold. Their fiery amber hue made the man feared even though he was 
a kind soul of a guy. Taris looked him up and down.

 

"Vice-Admiral Lynx. Any reports on our target?" Taris questioned him.

 

The man dubbed as 'Lynx' turned his bloodgold eyes to the older man.

 

"Yes, Admiral. Our scanners have picked up a signature trace resembling that of 
Lt. General Hakubi. However, the energy fissures of the target
are alot lower than those fissures that were picked up 3000 years ago. Either 
Lt. General Hakubi has aged, or it's just a fake signature." Lynx
reported.

 

Taris drummed his fingers on the table. "Well, this is a nice turn of events. 
How much longer before contact with Colony LQ4?"

 

Lynx turned his left wrist up and tapped a small bracelet dangling from his arm. 
A small transparent sphere hovered above the wristband.
"According to the ships chronometer, we should arrive in Colony LQ4- Jibyra, in 
exactly 10 minutes, Admiral." Lynx informed him and then
deactivated the watch.

 

"Very well. We'll stop at Jibyra until exactly 20 minutes before the GPHQ's 
patrol ships re-enter Earth's atmosphere. Inform the Kuroshio that
they are to report to Colony LV1- Leera, immediately. From there they await the 
20 minute rest-over and then rendevezous at Earth's orbit."

 

Lynx saluted and then turned to another officer. "Segawa!"

 

A young boy that appeared to be in his late teens stood up. "SIR?"

 

Lynx gave him a once over and then nodded. "Contact the Kuroshio at once. Talk 
with whoever is in charge on that cruiser and relay the Admirals
instructions. Report on deck as soon as you're done."

 

Segawa saluted Lynx and then ran from the room. The other officers filed out to 
the bridge and control rooms leaving Lynx alone with Taris.
Lynx turned to Taris and then sat down. He opened a folder hidden underneath the 
many sheets of paper in his hand and pulled something from its
sleeve.

 

He flipped back a page stapled to a few more pages. He closed the report and 
then handed it to Taris uneasily. 

 

"Here's the information we were able to scrounge up about that ship fleeing from 
Earth's atmosphere. There isn't much to go by and I don't see
any real threat coming from that one particular person. The ship however, is a 
match to the 'Ghost Crab.' A 100% perfect match. "

 

Taris jerked backwards. "The 'Ghost Crab?' Are you sure?"

 

Lynx sighed. "Yeah. The structure, the genetics, the abilities. They are the 
same. We got a close up of the ship. Here's the image our satellites
took."

 

Lynx handed Taris a photo. The Admiral studied it for a few seconds before 
resting his head in his hand. "It looks the same alright. What are the
possibilities of capturing this ship and interrogating the pilot?" Taris asked.

 

"Not good, Taris. The ship is long gone. It was headed for the outskirts of 
Jurai. We can't chase it there unless you want to fight against Jurai's
forces. If they capture you, you're done for man. Besides, it's not Agent 3540's 
vessel. We should just step off, you know?" Lynx urged the older
man.

 

Taris dropped the stapled papers onto the table. "Any chance to track it down 
for future investigation?"

 

Lynx shook his head no. "It was moving to fast. We couldn't put the tracer beam 
on it because it was too unsteady. It may just be a coincidence
that this particular ship looks like the one that destroyed the 'Cantaurus.' And 
if it weren't, then surely the ship would have recognized us. Right?"

 

Taris relaxed and balanced the chair on its hind legs. "You do have a point 
there, Lynx. Fine. We scrub the suggestion of going after that ship and
focus on the task at hand. Once this mission is over, I want to try and find 
that ship. It may come in handy against out dear Lt. General."

 

Taris grinned and put the chair on all fours. Before he had a chance to rise to 
his feet, a young officer burst through the door. His long blue bangs
hung in his brown eyes. Lynx jumped to his feet and summoned the young man.

 

"Ensign Segawa! What the hell do you think you're doing bursting through here 
without permission?" Lynx's voice held a steely tone to it.

 

"SIR! Please forgive my intrusion. But the jackass in charge of the Kuroshio 
refuses to follow the Admiral's orders, SIR!" He replied angrily.

 

Lynx made a fist. "Damn! Get them on vid-window 1 now."

 

Segawa nodded, saluted the two superiors and then vanished from the room. 
Moments later a vid screen popped into view. The black screen
turned on, and Lynx found a technician infront of the control panel. Lynx was 
about to call the man to attention when Taris stopped him. Lynx just
nodded.

 

Taris cleared his throat causing the young tech to look up hurriedly. The tech 
saluted and frowned. "Good day, SIR! What can I do for you?" The
tech asked sheepishly.

 

"Tell me...who is in charge of that fleet there?" Taris inquired.

 

The tech paled and then looked around. He turned his eyes back to the screen. 
"That would be Commander Star, SIR!"

 

Taris nodded approvingly. "Would you please fetch, Commander Star. This is 
important."

 

The tech agreed and scurried off the screen. He soon returned alone. "Admiral, 
Commander Star is on the way."

 

Taris thanked the young tech and turned his back to the vid-window. Lynx finally 
tapped his shoulder to inform him that the Commander had
arrived. Taris faced the screen, a smug grin on his face.

 

His eyes met the deep purple eyes of a young woman. She pushed strands of loose 
honey-blonde hair out of her face and glanced up. She snapped
to attention and saluted Taris.

 

"SIR! Commander Meiru Star reporting for duty." The woman frowned during her 
salute. Taris did the same. 

 

"So, the Commander is a woman. I'm glad to see that our flanks aren't male 
recruited only." Taris teased. The commander narrowed her purple
eyes.

 

"SIR! I mean no offense, SIR, but I really must get back to work." The commander 
scowled.

 

Taris shrugged. "All in due time, Commander Star. I sent an officer to give 
information relays to your ship on the current situation. However, he
reported back saying that you refused to follow orders."

 

Commander Star took a deep breath but remained unnerved. Taris continued his 
reprimand. "Now, Commander Star, I understand that you are
a...busy woman. But either you stay in line and follow orders or pack your ass 
up and go home to your mommy. Got it?" Taris inquired sternly. 

 

Commander Star never blinked. She drew her hand to her forehead. "Understood, 
Sir."

 

Taris quirked an eyebrow. "Come again? I didn't quite hear you over your 
childish whining."

 

Commander Star sneered at him. "SIR, YES SIR!"

 

"Good. Not get back to your post and fall in line. If you didn't quite catch the 
orders the first time around, you are to head to Colony- LV1, Leera.
You stop there and at precisely 20 minutes before the GPHQ's patrol cruiser re-
enters Earth's atmosphere, you are to meet up with us near
Earth's orbit."

 

Commander Star nodded. "Understood, SIR!" Her voice dripped with malice. She 
closed off the vid-link leaving a blank screen for Taris.

 

Taris cast a glance to Lynx. "This Commander Star...where'd you find her?"

 

Lynx shrugged. "Apparently, Meiru Star finished top in her class at the pre-post 
tryouts. And she ranked second 2 in her academy session. She
was referred to me by the director of GPHQ." Lynx mumbled.

 

"GPHQ huh? What happen, she get kicked out for not following orders?"

 

Lynx chuckled. "Not on your life. Meiru Star quit the GP because she was demoted 
when the Marshall's granddaughter, First Detective
Kuramitsu, ranked as the top Detective of all the GP. Evidently, Detective 
Kuramitsu drove Commander Star up the wall so she resigned. That's
the story."

 

Taris laced his hands behind his head. "What a good excuse." He replied 
sarcastically. "But on the contrary...she's spunky." He turned to Lynx. "I
like her. At least she's not afraid of me, and she never flinched. Not bad.... 
for a woman."

 

Lynx just rolled his eyes causing the Admiral to laugh.

 

******

 

Ryoko lowered Ryo-Ohki into the atmosphere of a small colony on the outskirts of 
Jurai. She had visited this place once before and found it to
be to her liking. She instructed Ryo-Ohki to land when someone hailed her on her 
communications system.

 

Ryoko opened the screen to see a guard frowning at her. She sighed.

 

"Unmarked ship, please state your request?" The guard asked dryly. 

 

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "Permission to dock." She answered slowly.

 

Ryoko watched the guard eye her. She pursed her lips together and prayed that 
they'd grant her the permission needed to enter their docking bay.
As the seconds passed, she observed the man. He wore a blue and white Jurain 
outfit much like the palace guards she had seen on Azusa's space
ship.

 

Finally, the guard turned his attention back to Ryoko. "Permission denied. 
Unlicensed ships are not permitted to dock in the bay. Please leave this
area at once."

 

Ryoko swore under her breath. "Wait. Please grant permission to license my 
ship." She blurted out to the guard.

 

He stared at her before blinking. "A referred license only allows a ship to dock 
a day. It's a temporary pass that can only be approved through the
council. However, referred licenses were revoked two years ago."

 

Ryoko tilted her head. "Revoked? I'm not interested in a referred license. 
Please allow permission to license properly for citizenship."

 

The guard smiled. "In order to obtain an encumbrance license, you must appear 
before the regent and the cabinet. If the regent oversees that you
are true to word of your honor, they'll permit the license for citizenship. 
We'll just need you to fill out some registration forms and go from
there."

 

Ryoko thought it over. Ryo-Ohki assured her that the choice was hers alone and 
that whatever she decided, Ryo-Ohki would back her up all the
way. Ryoko thanked her and then turned her golden eyes to the guard.

 

"Very well. Where do I dock?"

 

The guard nodded and showed her a docking pod nearby. Ryoko landed Ryo-Ohki and 
soon teleported to the cargo bay where the guard had been
waiting. He greeted her kindly and handed her a form and a pen. 

 

"Read through this. Sign it and then turned it back in to me. I've already 
contacted the regent's office to inform them of your arrival. My men and I
will survey your ship, give it a class number and then register it."

 

Ryoko made a face. "Before you do, there's something I should tell you about my 
ship. But, it'd be better if I could show you instead."

 

The guard nodded in agreement and Ryoko led him to the pod Ryo-Ohki had landed 
in. She looked up at her ship and gave a slight nod. Suddenly
the ship reverted from its form and shrank in size. The guard and his men 
watched with puzzlement. Finally, all that was left, was a little furry
animal.

 

Ryo-Ohki scampered up into Ryoko's arms. "My ship can transform to this state. 
She usually keeps this form and only reverts to her ship
structure when needed. Will she still have to be registered as a 'ship'?" She 
asked.

 

The guard's eyes were wide like dinner plates. "A cabbit? The only cabbit I know 
of in this system is that of the ruthless bounty hunter, Nagi. You
didn't... you know?" He pointed to Ryo-Ohki.

 

Ryoko stepped back. "Of course not. Although Nagi and I are enemies, this 
cabbit's been with me since childhood. If I'm still required to register
her then I will. It's not a problem." Ryoko stated matter of factly.

 

"I'm afraid she'll still have to be licensed and filed with a class number. 
Since it's a cabbit, no inspection is needed. I just need you to fill those out
and I'll have someone escort you to City Hall where your request for citizenship 
will be evaluated by the regent. Any questions?"

 

Ryoko racked her brain before shaking her head no. Satisfied that she 
understood, the guard went back to the control room as Ryoko filled out
the required registration to apply for an encumbrance license.

 

Ryoko finished the forms and went to find the guard she spoke to earlier. Once 
she found him and handed him the papers, he shook her hand. 

 

"Welcome to Colony JS6. Population- 3,024. You included. You may not have your 
license yet, but, I haven't seen the regent turn away a
potential citizen for the past 13 years. By the way, I'm Captain Armon Korso. 
And it's a pleasure to meet you, Miss. Murasaki. Hope you enjoy
our planet."

 

Ryoko smirked. "I'm sure I will. Thank you."

 

The guard bowed and stared her in the eye. "I'll have one of my men show the way 
to City Hall. It'll just take a minute."

 

Ryoko nodded and watched him wander off. Minutes later, a man in his mid 
twenties approached her. 

 

"Miss. Murasaki, I presume?" He questioned flawlessly.

 

"Yes. That's me. Can I help you?" Ryoko asked uneasily.

 

The man bowed. "I'm Hideki Utamaro. Captain Korso asked me to escort ya to the 
City Hall. Do you have any luggage?"

 

Ryoko shook her head. "No. I travel light. Please, lead the way Mr. Hideki."

 

The guard waved a hand before him and walked off, with Ryoko close behind. 
Hideki led her out of the docking bay and into the semi-large city.
Ryoko shielded her eyes from the bright sun and kept up her pace with the young 
guard. He finally stopped about three blocks from the docking
bay.

 

"Wellp, here she is. Grandeur City Hall. All you have to do is go to the front 
desk and state your business. Captain says that they know you're'a
comin' and that they are expecting ya. Well, good luck Ma'am." Hideki turned and 
sauntered away. Ryoko glanced at the tall building and then
walked inside.

 

The rooms were large and spacious. Ryoko marveled in its plain beauty and 
smiled. She made her way to the front desk and told the secretary who
she was. The woman offered her a handshake and then led her to the commencement 
room. Before entering, the woman stopped her.

 

"Armon asked me to give you a few pointers. First, the regent's name is Faun 
Kamakura. Second, be precise and faultless. Third, do not fidget.
And last but not least, show interest in any of the regent's mindless stories. 
That's about it. Questions?" The woman asked sweetly.

 

Ryoko shook her head no. The woman waved her hand motioning for her to step 
inside the commencement room. Ryoko did as she was told. She
gulped and looked around. 

 

"Ah, welcome. Welcome. Please, come to the front child." 

 

Ryoko spun around to see an elderly woman perched in a seat high above the 
floor. She took her time and sauntered to the small throne. When
she came before the woman, Ryoko smiled. The woman's soft brown eyes reminded 
her of Tenchi.

 

The woman offered Ryoko a returned smile and stood up. "I assume that you are 
the newcomer requesting citizenship?" The woman asked.

 

Ryoko clasped her hands together nervously. "Yes, ma'am."

 

The woman nodded. " No need to be so formal, dear. Please, call me Faun."

 

Ryoko's eyes shot up and gazed at the woman. "You are the regent?"

 

Faun chuckled. "Yes. Were you expecting some overgrown male?"

 

Ryoko traced the tip of her shoe on the carpeted floor.

 

"I see. That's quite all right, Miss. Murasaki. Most people think that the 
regent is a man. But I assure you, I'm just as female as you are." Faun
teased.

 

Ryoko smirked. "So I noticed."

 

Faun sat down in her chair. "Let's see. Korso's report says you wish to license 
for encumbrance with our planet. Very well. I've read over the
forms you filled out and signed and am very pleased. Now, tell me Miss. 
Murasaki, what brings you to our humble little rock?"

 

Ryoko twiddled her fingers. "Well, you see...I've visited this place before they 
revoked the referred licenses. I fell in love with your planet
instantly. But, things came up and I had to relocate to Earth. I've lived there 
for the past few years and tired of it, actually. I see this move as a new
beginning for me."

 

Faun raised an eyebrow. "In all my years, that is the best answer anyone has 
ever given to me for that particular question. Like I said, I was
impressed and pleased with the few bits of information on this registration 
form. You are qualified for a citizenship as most people are,
however...." Faun paused.

 

Ryoko held her breath. The regent just put a 'but' into the sentence and she 
knew she would be turned away.

 

Faun noticed Ryoko's uneasiness and continued. "What are you planning on doing 
for an occupation? This is a new beginning for you and you
must have an occupation in mind to have chosen us? Mind telling?"

 

Ryoko sighed. "I've always heard that this system had some of the best academies 
around. Earth's technology and academics were not on my
scale. They are poorly designed and taught. I do happen to know that the academy 
on your planet, is one of the top 5 universities to ever be built."

 

"You seem to know alot about our history, Miss. Murasaki. So, are you telling me 
that you are a teacher? And if so, for what major?" Faun
questioned.

 

Ryoko pondered for a moment trying to remember the exact number of her degree. 
"In a sense, I'm a teacher. I just graduated third in my class
from the University of Astro-Arts. Stars are kind of my thing."

 

Faun quirked an eyebrow out of interest. "Really? It just so happens that there 
is a new planetarium at the academy, and the last I heard they were
in dire need of astronomy professors. I'd say that you are a blessing in 
disguise."

 

Ryoko laughed nervously. "That's good to know."

 

Faun chuckled. "You remind me of myself when I first came here. I was more 
nervous than a human nervous system. And despite of what they tell
you, I am a kind and generous woman. I like your attitude Miss. Murasaki. The 
world could use a few young woman like yourself."

 

Ryoko smiled at the old woman. "Does that mean....?" She trailed off.

 

Faun gave an approving nod. "Welcome to Winblum, Miss. Murasaki. I'll have Miko 
show you to the academy. And I'll even put in a good word for
you with the Directors in the Astronomy Building. Go on now. Wait by the West 
Fountain outside, and your guide will be with you shortly."

 

Ryoko thanked her by bowing. "Thank you, Mrs. Kamakura."

 

"No, thank you, Miss. Murasaki. Run along now." Faun instructed.

 

Ryoko nodded and turned to exit the room when Faun called out to her, "Oh, and 
Miss. Murasaki....Welcome Home."

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Two ~

 

Sasami sighed. It was a hot summer day and she wanted to go swimming. But she 
wasn't allowed to go into the lake unsupervised. The young
princess turned her gaze to the shimmering waters that rested behind Funaho.

 

"Ryoko...I wish you were still here. It's lonely and boring without you."

 

"Tell me about it." A soft depressed voice replied.

 

Sasami spun around to see Washu standing there, bathing suit on and towel in 
hand. The scientist watched the princess and then smiled. 

 

"If you hurry and change, I'll take you swimming Sasami." Washu offered.

 

The girl's face lit up like a candle. "Really? Okay, then just let me go 
change."

 

Washu giggled as the young princess raced inside. She soon returned wearing her 
favorite yellow and pink bathing suit. She had a dark blue towel
in one hand and a bottle of sunscreen in the other. Sasami ran past Washu and 
then looked over her shoulder.

 

"Last one there is a rotten egg." Sasami shouted happily.

 

Washu rolled her eyes and waltzed to the lake. When she got there, Sasami had 
just finished bathing in sunscreen and tossed the bottle onto her
towel. She frowned at Washu.

 

"What happened? You didn't even race me. Does that mean you like rotten eggs?" 
Sasami asked innocently.

 

Washu giggled. "You ever hear the saying, first is worst and second is best?"

 

Sasami's eyes went wide. She hung her head. "Man! That's not fair. I didn't know 
that, that saying even existed."

 

Washu dropped her towel from laughing so hard and bent to retrieve it. When she 
stood back up, Sasami gasped to see her in her adult form. 

 

"You never cease to amaze me with your ability to do that, Washu. I think your 
adult form is beautiful. Why don't stay like that more often?"

 

Washu wrinkled her nose. "Habit, I guess. Sorry. It's just that, this version of 
me isn't needed, and you all seem to be comfortable with my child
form, so I thought- why bother."

 

Sasami blinked a few times. "I think it's needed. Like now. You probably feel 
safer in your adult form with me swimming because, should
something happen to me, your adult form is more reliable. Right?"

 

Washu shrugged. "Something like that."

 

Sasami nodded. She ventured to the edge of the lake and dipped her toes in. She 
shuddered with delight as she submersed herself up to her knees.
She glanced at Washu and shouted, "The water's great. Come on in."

 

Washu shook her head no. "That's quite alright. I think I'll just lay here and 
soak up some rays. Be careful."

 

Washu spread her towel out on the grass. She pulled some shades down over her 
eyes and then laid on her back over the towel. Seconds later,
something tickled her nose. Washu pulled the shades down a bit to see Talon 
resting beside her. Talon turned his head and looked at her.

 

"She's so innocent and carefree. She reminds me of Lady Re when she was her 
age." Talon implied lightly. 

 

Washu sat up on her elbows and watched Sasami playing in the water. "Yeah. She 
does, doesn't she?" She questioned sadly.

 

Talon noted the woman's sadness and turned away from her. "Lady Washu? How long 
has Lady Re been dead? If you don't mind my asking."

 

She stared at him. "About 2,000 years now, I suppose. It's been a long time, 
Talon. A real long time. But, I can still remember it like it happened
yesterday."

 

Washu looked up, her mind reeling back into the past.

 

* Flashback *

 

"Lady Washu? Those scans you copied are finished downloading. Should I retrace 
them?"

 

A young woman with long pink hair spun around in an office chair. A large white 
bird with various black markings stood perched next to a nearby
computer.

 

"Not just yet, Talon. I have to synchronize the files to the databanks before I 
start tracing them. But thanks for the offer. Shrimp?" Washu held a
small boiled shrimp up in her fingers. Talon swept across the room and landed on 
her shoulder. He took the shrimp and swallowed it.

 

Washu turned back to her keyboard. Talon cocked his head and then began to 
fidget. The woman looked at him from the corner of her eye.
"What's the matter, Talon?" She asked worriedly.

 

Talon made a low menacing screech. "He's coming. You must hurry, Lady Washu and 
leave this place. I will buy you some time."

 

Washu quirked an eyebrow. "Who's coming?" She questioned him.

 

"Him! And he's armed. Please, you must hide. Find Lady Re and run. You aren't 
safe here with him." Talon jumped from her shoulders as Washu
rose to her feet. She knew who 'HIM' was to Talon. Washu didn't know why, but 
she began to tremble. 

 

She heard the footsteps descending the basement stairs. The knob juggled and 
someone on the other side of the door cursed. Washu shuddered.
Glancing around to her computer, she entered in a few codes. She stepped behind 
Talon and grabbed him by the back.

 

"What are you doing?!" Talon shouted. 

 

Washu ignored him as she frowned. "Please forgive me, my friend. But, it is the 
only way I know of to keep you safe."

 

Washu tossed the falcon into a tank and watched it shrink to the size of a 
golfball. She grabbed the orb and shoved it into her pocket as the door
busted off its hinges. A figure stood in the darkness.

 

"Washu. How many times have I told you to leave the door unlocked? This is my 
lab, not yours. Why do you keep screwing things up?" A man
growled. 

 

Washu backed up into the wall. The figure stepped into the light. His white hair 
and yellow eyes glowing behind his small spectacles. Washu saw
an opening and ran past the man and up the stairs into the house. She heard an 
angry cry of frustration resonate from the man.

 

Washu faintly heard footsteps and then, "DAMN IT!" A loud thud followed the 
curse and the footsteps stopped stomping up the stairs. Washu
sighed with relief and fled up to the second story of her house. She entered her 
bedroom and ran to the closet.

 

Yanking out a suitcase, Washu frantically began to throw things into it. She'd 
pack her and Re's things, find her child and then high-tail it out of
there with a one way ticket to the planet Ceres. She thought she'd have a lead 
on the man and quickly finished her packing.

 

Washu finally snapped the suitcase closed and gripped the handle, her hand 
closing around the bedsheets along with the wooden handle. As she
turned to leave, something singed the back of her neck. Her free hand traced the 
hairline on the nape of neck until she felt something warm on her
fingertips.

 

Washu pulled her hand around to see tiny drops of blood. Laughter from behind 
her caused her to spin on the ball of foot towards the door. She
froze in her tracks. The young man stood in the doorway, an evil grin plastered 
on his face.

 

"And where to you think you're going?" He asked dryly.

 

Washu remained silent. The man had a cut above his eyebrow and the blood 
trickled down the side of his forehead. She cringed at the sight of it.
The man took a step towards her and Washu stepped back. 

 

"Don't come any closer! I'm warning you." Washu threatened firmly.

 

The man laughed. "There isn't anything you can do to stop me Washu. There isn't 
anything, anyone can do to stop me. Once I'm through with you,
I'll take care of our child...."

 

Washu cut him off. "My child! You leave Re out of this, you bastard. I swear if 
you lay a hand on her, I'll kill you. I swear I will if it's the last thing
I do."

 

The man shook his head and 'tsk-tsked' the woman harshly. He suddenly appeared 
before her. Washu didn't have time to react as his hand came in
contact with her face. She staggered but caught her balance. Anger flashed in 
her green eyes and she drew her arm back.

 

As the man pulled bangs away from his face, Washu let him hold one. He stumbled 
backwards, his eyes wide and angry. "You BITCH! No one
raises their hand to me." 

 

The man rushed Washu head on. The force from his impact knocked her back onto 
the bed. She yelped from the stinging pressure in her chest and
tried to get up but found she couldn't. She looked up to see her assailant 
holding her down.

 

Washu struggled against his weight, kicking and screaming. "GET OFF OF ME!"

 

The man slapped her hard, his academy ring scratching her face. Blood began to 
seep up through the tiny cut, staining Washu's cheek. The man
reached up to her neck and grinned. Narrowing his eyes, he ripped her shirt off. 
Washu started squirming trying to free herself from his grasp.

 

Frustration crept into the man's eyes and he backhanded Washu a couple times. 
Finally, with tears brimming in her eyes, Washu stopped
struggling. Just as her attacker relaxed a bit, she twisted sideways causing his 
grip to loosen. She drug herself out from under him and jumped to
her feet.

 

Washu tried to make a run for it but instead fell face first to the floor as 
burning pain ripped through her right thigh. She screamed, her body
writhing in pain. The man quickly covered her mouth with his hand and finished 
his task. 

 

Crying, Washu closed her eyes hoping that her daughter, Re, would sense 
something was wrong and stay away from the house. She knew that,
should he get a hold of her, he'd do the same thing to her or worse. He may even 
kill her. 

 

Washu choked back as many sobs as she could as she prayed to God that he would 
protect Re. She winced as the pressure on her chest and
abdomen began to get heavier. Fear glazed her green eyes as the man's hand slid 
from her face to her bare stomach.

 

She shuddered and screwed her eyes shut as the man advanced on her. Washu's back 
arched as her scream echoed off the walls. 

 

* End Flashback *

 

Washu jerked back into reality, tears sliding down her cheeks. Her body trembled 
and she hugged her knees to her chest. That had been the worst
day of her life. After her so-called 'lover' had, had his way with her, he 
pulled a gun from his coat and shot her.

 

Washu shook the memories from her mind and focused tear blurred eyes on her 
surroundings. She sat beside Funaho, the Jurain tree, watching
Sasami play in the lake. Only, when Washu turned to check on the young princess, 
did she realize that she was missing.

 

Washu pushed herself to her feet and looked around her frantically. "SASAMI?! 
Where are YOU?" Washu called but got no answer. 

 

Washu ran to the edge of the lake and peered in the water. Still, there was no 
sign of the princess. Washu bit her lower lip. "Well, she's not
floating in the lake, so I guess that, that's a good sign." She muttered.

 

Washu was about to run to the house and report the young girl missing to the 
others when she heard light humming coming from the woods. The
scientist took off in the direction of the noise and stumbled upon the small 
girl. Washu ran to her and dropped to her knees, her arms hugging the
girl tightly.

 

"Sasami! Don't you ever do that to me again. You scared me half to death. Why 
didn't you tell me you were done swimming?" Washu chastised.

 

Sasami looked at her with confused filled eyes. "But, Washu. I did tell you. I 
told you that I was going to go pick some flowers for the table and
you nodded. Are you all right? You're crying."

 

Washu wiped at her face with the back of her arm. "I'm fine. I'm sorry, I guess 
I wasn't paying attention." She glanced over Sasami's shoulders. 

 

"Painted Daisies?" Washu asked sweetly.

 

Sasami nodded. "Yep. Ryoko's favorites beside the cherry blossoms."

 

Washu flinched. The young girl hung her head apologetically. "I'm sorry Washu. 
It's just that, Ryoko used to be the one to take me swimming
because everyone else was always too busy or not around. She and I used to pick 
these all the time." Sasami whispered softly.

 

She turned her pink eyes to the older woman, the tears forming in the corners of 
her irises. "I miss her, Washu. I really do."

 

Washu embraced the girl again and stroked her hair. "I know sweetie. I miss her 
too. But, we have to have faith in her that she knows what she's
doing."

 

Sasami sniffled and hugged Washu back. Talon sat by and watched with renewed 
confusion. Exactly, who was this Ryoko, really? And why did she
leave? And more importantly, on Talon's list, was why in God's creation did she 
reflect the image of a certain young girl he used to protect in his
past.

 

******

Ryoko leaned against a fountain with her arms crossed. She had been waiting for 
nearly half an hour for someone named Miko to show her to the
academy. The sun's rays drenched her skin in warmth and Ryoko had the inkling to 
go swimming.

 

She put her gaze on the ground. On days like these, she had always taken Sasami 
swimming. The young princess loved it when they went to the
lake. And Ryoko couldn't keep the happiness the girl had felt from radiating 
from herself. Ryoko shed a tear at the memory of Sasami's joy.

 

"Miss. Murasaki? I am so sorry for being late. Traffic is a bitch during the 
summer solstice. Just keep that in mind and you'll never be late for an
appointment. Unlike some of us." A middle aged woman trotted up to her. The 
woman paused to catch her breath and then stood up.

 

She tucked strands of dark blue hair behind an ear and smiled at Ryoko. The 
woman's garnet colored eyes reminded Ryoko of a type of flower,
the name of which she couldn't remember. The woman wrinkled her nose and 
squinted against the bright sun. 

 

"All right. Let's get you to the Academy, shall we?" She asked airily.

 

Ryoko made a gesture close to a nod and followed the woman down the street. The 
woman, who introduced herself as Miko, talked the entire trip
to the school. Ryoko listened intently and nodded her head every now and then to 
give Miko the impression that she was actually paying attention
to her.

 

Finally, Miko tapped her shoulder and pointed up. Ryoko followed her direction 
and shifted her eyes skyward. She mouthed 'wow' as her eyes
swept across the academy building. It was at least four stories high, marble 
structured with numerous windows and every bit as large as Jurai's
palace.

 

Miko snickered. "Large, huh?" She questioned jokingly.

 

"I'd say. Not even the Science Academy on Jurai is this big, and face it, that 
place is gigantic." Ryoko responded breathlessly.

 

Miko tilted her head and asked, "You been to the Academy on Jurai?"

 

Ryoko focused on the question. "Huh? What? Oh, no. I earned my P.H. D. on Earth. 
In a university near Tokyo."

 

"That's stellar. Come on. I'll show you around, introduce you to a few friends 
of mine and then we'll get you registered with the board of
directors. How's that sound for a game plan?" Miko inquired as she drug Ryoko 
inside the huge building.

 

Ryoko nodded and chimed eagerly, "Sounds good to me. Say, you teach here too?"

 

Miko giggled. "Not exactly. I'm a council member on the board of education. I 
and a few others go over r‚sum‚'s and forms and decide on who to
elect to teach in what section or class. But, Faun told me lots about you and 
that she was impressed with you. That just means that you get my
vote."

 

Ryoko stuck her tongue out at Miko causing her to laugh. "I appreciate that, 
Miko. How long does it take for the board to decide?"

 

Miko looked at her from over her shoulder. "Bout an hour. Give or take."

 

"That soon? Now, that's what I call express service." Ryoko teased.

 

Miko agreed and shoved Ryoko down a corridor with dim lights. They soon stopped 
in front of a set of double metal doors. Miko raised a finger
to her lips. "I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere."

 

Ryoko shrugged and leaned against the wall. She soon became restless and 
wondered around a bit. She came across a painting hung on the wall of
the corridor and studied it. 

 

One side held four different colored horses. A man with a bow and a crown sat 
upon a white horse. And yet another man sat on a fiery red horse
with a great sword. The third, a black horse, his rider holding a pair of 
scales. And the fourth a pale horse. And the name given to he who sat there
was, Death.

 

On the other side under an altar were the many souls of those who had been slain 
for the word of God in white robes. In the background was a sun
black as a sackcloth of hair and the moon red like blood. The ground was busted 
up from an earthquake and the stars fell to the broken ground of
the Earth.

 

High above the horses and altar, were four angels standing in the four corners 
of Earth and holding the four winds of the Earth. Another angel was
floating in the middle of the painting, a seal of God on his forehead. And 
beneath him seven angels with trumpets. And above him was a throne in
which sat God. 

 

Ryoko drew her eyes to a nameplate underneath the painting entitling it 'The 
Wrath of The Lamb.' She placed a finger upon the nameplate and
closed her eyes. This was what her past had been like. A living hell on Earth.

 

"Magnificent painting, isn't it?" A voice chimed from behind her.

 

Ryoko spun around to see a young man in a white coat between 20 or 25 standing 
there, a folder clutched in his left hand. He had a head full of
short jet-black hair. A pair of reading glasses rested on the bridge of his nose 
and behind the frames were a pair of bluish-violet eyes that
twinkled.

 

Ryoko remained silent. Turning her eyes back to the painting, she opened her 
mouth to talk. "Yes. I've never seen a painting quite like this before.
It's very intriguing." 

 

The young man nodded. "I know. It's a painting down on a book of the New 
Testament. The artist really captured the disasters with lifelike stature.
It's hard to believe that the Earth and universe will look like this one day."

 

Ryoko raised an eyebrow and 'hmmed' to herself. "I'd imagine, that life would be 
tough through and after this. It seems harsh if you ask me."

 

The man chuckled. "Perhaps. But, it's a prophecy. More or less a promise on 
God's part. Some people see it as a threat and it could be. You never
really know until it happens."

 

Ryoko smirked softly. Her golden eyes resting on the angels. All her attention 
was focused on the angel in the middle with a smudge of a cross
on his forehead that she completely zoned out. Finally, someone tapped on her 
shoulder drawing her back to the real world.

 

"You must be new here because I haven't seen you around before. The names 
Taylor. Traven Taylor, to be precise." He extended his hand. Ryoko
stared at his hand and then to him and then back to his hand. Traven stifled his 
laughter and took her hand in his and shook it.

 

"Normally, one would say 'pleased to meet you' or possibly introduce themselves. 
It's only natural." Traven teased with a grin.

 

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Not always. At least not where I come from. But it is a 
pleasure to meet Mr. Taylor."

 

Traven wagged a finger to his side. "Uh-uhn. No Mr.- definitely not, never have 
been and hopefully never will be. Just Traven is fine."

 

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "Very well then, Traven. It's a pleasure to meet you." 
She emphasized his name in her greeting.

 

Traven shook his head. "I know we've already done this, but, let's try this 
again, shall we? My name is Traven Taylor. I am pleased to meet 'you'...."
Traven let the sentence roll hoping Ryoko would catch on.

 

"And you're right. We have already done this. What do you take me for, a fool?" 
Ryoko questioned jokingly.

 

Traven sighed his defeat. "Nevermind,  Madame Nameless."

 

"Hey! Who do you thi-" Ryoko started her argument but was cut off by a loud 
shriek.

 

Miko ran down the hall, concern on her face. "There you are. I thought I said to 
stay put. It's not safe wondering around this large building alone.
Especially if you haven't clue as to where you are." Miko chided.

 

Traven cleared his throat. "Good day, Director Shoda."

 

Miko glared at him. "Doctor Taylor."

 

Traven bowed. "I do believe I will take my leave. Have a good afternoon, 
ladies." With that, he disappeared down the hallway. Ryoko watched him
go.

 

Miko waved a hand before her and ushered Ryoko down the hall. 

 

"Now all we gotta do is sign you in. We're not even going to vote this time 
because we're still in desperate need of astronomy professors such as
yourself. Come on, come on. It'll only take a few minutes." Miko coaxed.

 

Ryoko soon found herself before a large desk of a secretary. The woman looked 
up, greeted the two and handed Ryoko a few papers. She took the
time to fill them all out and then gave them back to Miko. Miko had them filed 
away and then whispered something to the secretary.

 

The woman nodded and left the desk for a few moments. When she returned, she 
handed a big brown box to Miko and offered Ryoko a smile.
Miko set the box on the desktop and opened it. Folding back a layer of tissue 
paper, she withdrew a white thigh length coat.

 

She handed it to Ryoko. "Try this on." She instructed. Ryoko slid it on and put 
her arms to her sides. "Perfect!" Miko squealed. She took the coat
back and replaced it in the box. She handed the box back to the secretary. 

 

"Arica, I assume you know where to send it?" Miko questioned.

 

Arica frowned. "Of course. Why wouldn't I?"

 

Miko shrugged and took Ryoko's hand. She led them back down the hallway that had 
just taken to reach the front desk. Ryoko once again found
herself before the double metal doors. Miko placed a finger to her lips and 
whispered, "Shh. We have to be quiet."

 

Ryoko nodded. Miko took her arm and led her through the doors. The room was 
pitch black except for a projection above their heads on the
ceiling. Stars, comets, planets and nebulas stretched across the black vastness 
of the room. An old man stood in the middle of the room on a
platform teaching.

 

Miko led Ryoko to a chair and sat down. Ryoko tilted her head back to see the 
stars on the roof. Miko leaned over and whispered into her ear,
"Welcome to Winblum Academy's Planetarium. After Professor Brea's lecture, he's 
going to introduce you to his class. This is so exciting."

 

Ryoko sunk in her chair. She soon lost herself in the projected world of stars 
and planets within the walls of the large planetarium.

 

******

High above Earth's atmosphere a large white and blue ship hovered stealthily. 
Taris observed the screen on the bridge of his ship, The
'Gegenschein.' Beside it, the little black cruiser 'The Kuroshio' floated 
silently. Travis stared out the window of the bridge and grinned.

 

Travis had been told that their plans would have to be put on hold for a few 
days because the GP was getting suspicious. Travis was angered with
the news but relented nonetheless. It wouldn't do a bit of could to be taken 
back into custody so soon after having been released.

 

So, they had pulled back and laid low on a nearby planet known as Astra. Travis 
diligently made future plans for his mission. This way, should
something happen, he'd have a backup route to chose from. Or in his case, a few 
backup routes in the selection. Now, he stared hungrily at the
Earth.

 

"Soon, Lt. General Hakubi, we shall meet again. And this time, it will be death 
to us part. You just watch and see. The first act of our play has only
just begun."

 

******

 

Night had fallen on the Masaki house quickly. The once boisterous household had 
now fallen a quiet victim to the silence. A week had passed
since Ryoko's departure and the rest of the members were trying hard to mask 
their sadness.

 

Mihoshi cracked jokes, to which only half were laughed at. Even her usual 
clumsiness and banter didn't arouse much amusement. Tenchi trained
more and more everyday and spent most of his free time either in the fields or 
the cave. Ayeka stuck to the house helping Sasami with the chores.

 

Occasionally, she'd go to the shrine to visit Katsuhito or spend some time alone 
by Funaho. Sasami busied herself with cooking and cleaning like
she normally did. Kiyone seemed to be the one who held the others together. When 
she and Mihoshi weren't patrolling, she was entertaining.

 

And Washu basically stuck to her lab. But two days after Ryoko left, on the 
afternoon Washu had spent with Sasami, she realized that she wasting
time for a stupid reason. Though her mind was always on Ryoko one way or 
another, Washu also found the time to spend with the other members.

 

Nobuyuki was the least effected seeing as he never spent much time with any of 
the girls unless it was to watch them bathe. Katsuhito of course,
took a direct hit to his heart over Ryoko's decision. He meditated and prayed 
every day and tended to the shrine, but his thoughts were always on
Ryoko.

 

Tenchi had just finished putting the vegetables away in the shed and headed in 
to clean up before dinner when Katsuhito had called out to him.
Tenchi met his grandfather near Funaho and was surprised to see tears in the old 
man's violet eyes.

 

"Grandpa- what's wrong?" He asked worriedly.

 

Katsuhito hung his head. "Even wise old men cry over broken hearts, Tenchi."

 

Tenchi nodded. "You still have feelings for her, don't you?"

 

"Somewhere deep in my heart, yes. But, the promise we made 700 years ago, to 
move on with our lives, will keep us apart. Ryoko is not one to go
back on her promises." The old priest replied wearily.

 

Tenchi scratched his chin. "Yet, she broke the promise to keep your relationship 
a secret the night she left. Does that not count as breaking a
promise every now and then?"

 

Katsuhito smiled. "She did break the promise. But with good logical reasoning. 
Tenchi, things don't always work out the way you want them too.
It's just a lesson in life and one you have to stand up and take like a man. 
Should you sit and sleep through it, then you will never understand."

 

Tenchi shifted his weight and turned his brown eyes to the passing clouds. The 
sky was beginning to darken and the clouds were slowly turning
gray. The signs of an approaching storm were evident in the heavens. Tenchi 
strained his ears to hear thunder rolling off in the distance.

 

"I get what you're saying grandpa. Life's lessons aren't easy to come by, but, 
when they do roll around and you accept them, then you learn
something new about life. Every mistake, choice, and day is a lesson in life. 
And among them is the lesson of learning to forgive and forget and
remembering to love."

 

Tenchi's statement struck home in Katsuhito's mind. All promises lead to a new 
choice. A new chance at another section of life. Why hadn't he
seen it before? Ryoko's breaking of a very secret promise made a new branch in 
which Katsuhito could take to get around the other past
promises.

 

Katsuhito smiled. "Though young in years, you are wise at heart. Thank you 
Tenchi. You have opened up a new plan for me. And hopefully, it's one
that will nullify all past regrets and promises."

 

Tenchi offered a slight nod and a smile. "You're welcome. Don't stay out to 
long. It looks like it's going to get pretty nasty. Maybe you should
stay in the house tonight. You can join in on the 'family' fun. Kiyone's managed 
to get everyone but Washu to agree to play Trivial Pursuit. You
wanna...?"

 

Tenchi let his offer roll as Katsuhito quickly agreed. "Sure. It's been a long 
time since we've played a game together as a family. Even if we're
partially together, we're still a family. Come on Tenchi. Race you back to the 
house."

 

Tenchi chuckled and took off after his grandfather across the fields to the 
house. As they came closer to the small residence, Tenchi could smell
the dinner Sasami was preparing for that night. Something special was all that 
he knew for Sasami had wanted to keep it a secret.

 

She had her good days and then her bad days, but ever since she had started 
hanging around alot more with Washu, she had come out of her
depression. It seemed like Sasami had the same affect on the scientist because 
now, Washu rarely went back to her lab for anything.

 

And if she did, then it was only to check up on the news of the surrounding 
galaxies. She had even opted for sleeping in the house and therefore
claimed Ryoko's room as her own. Some nights, Tenchi would wake up to the sound 
of crying and he instantly knew it was Washu for her room
was next to his.

 

And other nights, it would be Sasami. And where as the young princess had once 
come to him for comfort, she now began to go to Washu. Tenchi
wasn't surprised because once Ryoko had given up the rafters for the room, 
Sasami had made weekly trips to her room during the night.

 

But what did surprise Tenchi the most was that after about a year of Ryoko's 
comforting to the young girl, Sasami's nightmares had stopped all
together. Washu said she couldn't explain it, but Tenchi had the feeling that 
the woman knew the cause behind it and just decided to keep quite.

 

Tenchi himself often believed that the fact that Ryoko had matured and that her 
spirit allowed her to be more soothing than before. Basically,
Tenchi had come up with the answer that Ryoko's feelings towards Sasami were 
along the maternal lines. And more often than not, she showed it.
And freely.

 

Ayeka had been slightly upset of the turn in events but even she knew that she 
could never comfort Sasami the way Ryoko did. So, she had bit the
bullet and urged her sister to keep doing whatever she was doing that had 
relieved her of her nightmares.

 

But, now that Ryoko was gone, Sasami had turned to Washu. Tenchi and the others 
knew of Washu's past. Of her husband, her son and her reason
for staying a child. But, there was also another piece of the puzzle that Tenchi 
couldn't quite figure out. And he hoped that in due time, it'd reveal
itself.

 

Tenchi helped Sasami set the table and then called everyone for dinner. Washu 
was the last to show up with a tired expression on her face and
dragging feet. Tenchi surpressed his laughter when the thought that maybe her 
age was catching up to her came to his mind.

 

Though convinced to keep her alter ego as an adult, Washu still acted the child 
scientist she had been known as for the past three years. But, she
was slowly turning around with Sasami's help. The woman sat down and looked 
around to see many faces watching her.

 

She picked up her chopsticks and held them tightly in her hand. Lightning lit 
the dining room up as she sat back and surveyed the food on the
table. 

 

"This all looks really good, Sasami. But, I'm afraid that I don't have much of 
an appetite tonight." Washu apologized sincerely.

 

Ayeka stared at her and muttered under her breath, "So what else is new?"

 

Sasami nodded. "That's okay, Washu. I understand. I could make you some soup if 
you like? Cherry blossom soup, perhaps?" 

 

Washu declined politely and set her chopsticks beside her bowl. She excused 
herself from the table and retreated back into the living room.
Tenchi crawled over to the door and peered around the doorjamb to see her curled 
up with a blanket on the couch in front of the new picture
window.

 

He turned his attention back to the others and shrugged. "Maybe she's really 
sick this time." He suggested.

 

"Tenchi! How rude. Washu doesn't feign sickness just to get out of eating. I'm 
really starting to get worried about her. For the past day or two
she's been completely out of it. I woke up last night and came downstairs to get 
a drink of water. I saw Washu curled up on the couch crying."
Sasami added.

 

Tenchi narrowed his eyes. "Hopefully it's just a phase. Maybe in a few days 
she'll be back to her normal self."

 

Sasami hung her head. "I certainly hope so. I hate seeing her like this. This 
was how Ryoko always was before she changed. It's scary how they are
so alike, you know?"

 

Tenchi nodded. "I know Sasami. I know. Eat up now or else your beautiful dinner 
will get cold."

 

Sasami cheered up and joined the others as they helped themselves to the food 
the young princess had prepared for them.

 

Washu closed her eyes. She had heard them talking about her and it wasn't the 
first time. But, each time it was the same thing. They were worried
about her. It didn't exactly matter though because Washu was a grown woman 
afterall and could take care of herself. Or so she thought.

 

She shook her head trying to clear her train of thought. She glanced down in her 
lap where a hardback book rested in her hands. Washu had
discovered the book in the closet of Ryoko's old room. She ran a finger over the 
title. 'Rose Madder'...suitable name for the book, she thought
dryly.

 

She opened to her saved page and picked up where she had left off.

 

~ She began to drift again, and now she supposed she must be dreaming about the 
picnic she and Bill were going on the day after
tomorrow. Someone else was picnicking nearby, someone with a baby. She could 
hear it crying, very faintly. Then, louder, came a rumble of
thunder.

Like in my picture, she thought. I'll tell him about my picture while we eat. 

I forgot to tell him today, because there was so many other things to talk 
about, but...

 The thunder rolled again, closer and sharper. This time the sound filled her 
with dismay. Rain would spoil their picnic, rain would wash
out the Daughters and Sisters picnic at Ettinger's Pier, rain might cause the 
concert to be cancelled.

 Don't worry, Rosie, the thunder's only in the picture, and this is all a dream. 
But how could it be dream? How could she still feel the pillow
and the light blanket covering her? How come she could still hear the traffic 
outside her window? Crickets sang and hummed:
reep-reep-reep-reep. And the baby cried. 

The inside of her eyelids suddenly flashed purple, as if with lightning, and the 
thunder rolled again, closer than ever.

Rosie sat up in bed. There was no thunder. There was no lightning. She could 
still hear crickets, yes, but that might just have been her ears
playing tricks on her. Still, faintly, she could hear crickets. Even with the 
windows closed? Are you sure Rosie? She thought to herself. Sure
she was.

Rosie's head slipped over to the side. Thunder rumbled. The crickets hummed, 
louder than ever, and now one of them began to hop across
the floor toward the bed, but Rosie didn't notice. This time the string 
tethering her mind to her body had broken, and she floated away into
darkness.

A flash of lightning lit up the room and there was another rumble of thunder- no 
it was a roar of thun-'

 

Bright purple-white flashed into the living room causing Washu to jump. She 
could hear the distinct growl of the thunder outside the window. She
marked her page and closed the book. She rubbed her eyes and sat up on her 
knees. Even in her adult form, she was agile.

 

Another flash of purple lighting flickered outside and Washu draped her arms 
onto the back of the couch and laid her head on top of them. Her
eyes fluttered a bit and then snapped back open as purple light filled them. She 
lifted her head slowly and gazed out the rain-drenched window.

 

There in the shadow of the lightning stood a figure. 'A person?' Washu thought 
as she squinted her eyes to see better. Thunder rolled off the tail
of the lightning vibrating the house. Washu sat back. Her eyes had started 
playing tricks on her just as Rosie's ear had been deceiving herself.

 

Washu cast her emerald eyes to the windowpane. Only this time, when the 
lightning displayed itself, she clearly saw a person. And they were
staring right at her. Washu moved to leave the couch when a loud roar of thunder 
met her ears. And then a deafening 'crash.'

 

Washu felt something grab her and she screamed. Shattered glass and splintered 
wood lay scattered about the living room. From the corner of her
eye, she saw Tenchi and the others rush into the room just in time to see whom 
ever had grabbed Washu, disappear into the dark night.

_________________________________________________________

 

(End of Book B - Chapter 2 - On Her Own)

 

Author's Note: First off, a few things....for those interested, the name 
Kuroshio means 'Black Current'. It's the given name for the Japanese
Current in the Sea of Japan.

 Second...there is such a thing as Cherry Blossom Soup. It's a delicacy in Japan 
consisting of Cherry blossom petals, salt and water. 

 Third, if you're interested in the meaning behind Gengenschein, have comments, 
suggestions, etc. - please email me and I'll get back to A.S.A.P!
All flames and reviews welcomed and replied too. Thanks!

