The Book Of Nightmares

Tenchi Muyo is copyright of Pioneer and The Nightmare Before 
Christmas is copyright of Tim Burton so please don't sue.  If I 
forgot something I'm sorry, but I don't wanna be sued.  Thanks.




	One Halloween night on a full moon at the Masaki house, 
Tenchi was sitting alone on the couch of the living room waiting 
for trick or treaters.  He was alone in the house except for his 
father Noboyuki, and Ryoko.  They had both been drinking and 
decided to watch a movie and sing along with the songs.  Washu had 
gone to a Science meeting and would be back soon.  Ayeka and 
Sasami had gone to see a play of "The Nightmare Before Christmas".  
Mihoshi and Kiyone had been called to patrol the streets for 
crime, and no one knew, or really cared where Yosho was.  Pretty 
soon the doorbell rang and Tenchi grabbed a bowl of candy and 
opened the door.
 "Trick or Treat!" said three little kids.
 "Great costumes," Tenchi said as he gave the kids candy.  The 
kids giggled and ran down the stairs of Tenchi's house.
	Tenchi closed the door and put the bowl of candy on a table.  
He wandered back to the couch and noticed an old book on the 
floor.  He picked it up and wiped the dust off of the cover.  He 
then read the title which was marked in 17th century golden 
letters.
 "Vampirism?" he said aloud, "Oh well, I may as well read it.  I 
have nothing else to do."  So he opened it and began to read.  He 
was shocked by the horribly graphic drawings of vampires and their 
victims.  As he was reading Noboyuki walked in.  Tenchi looked up 
and saw his father dressed in an old fashioned black suit with a 
frilly white shirt underneath and a long black cape with a with 
red satin lining.
 "Dad!  You got all dressed up!" Tenchi said, rather bewildered.
 "Whatever do you mean?" Noboyuki said with a sly smile.
 "Is something wrong Dad?  I mean that has to a be a costume," 
Tenchi said.
 "Oh, but it is not," Noboyuki said, "'Tis our everyday dress."  
He moved aside and revealed Ryoko, who was dressed in an old 
fashioned black velvet gown.  Her hair was curly and she was pale 
except for her red lips. 
 "R...R...Ryoko!  What's going on?" Tenchi said startled.
 "Nothing my dear," Ryoko said.  She walked over to to Tenchi and 
sat by him on the couch.  That was when Tenchi noticed two small 
holes in Ryoko's neck.  Tenchi jumped up and looked from Ryoko to 
his dad.
	Noboyuki smiled and exposed two blood-stained fangs.  Ryoko 
came behind Tenchi and exposed two glistening white fangs.
 "It is her turn to feed Tenchi," Noboyuki said.
 "Now this won't hurt much," Ryoko said into Tenchi's ear.  She 
then bit deep into Tenchi's neck.  He screamed but to no avail.  
Noboyuki smiled and watched as his son fell lifeless to the floor.
------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
	Washu was returning home sooner than she expected.  As she 
walked up the stairs to the house, she saw some little kids going 
down, talking and giggling about what they had gotten for a treat.  
Washu smiled and opened the door to the house.  She looked around 
but saw no one.
 "Tenchi?  Tenchi where are you?  Ryoko?  Noboyuki?  Is anyone 
here?" she called.
 "I am here mother," Ryoko said, walking from the shadows.  Washu 
looked at her daughter and noticed something was wrong.
 "Ryoko, what's the matter with you?  Your hair and clothes are 
different, and you're so pale."
"I am fine mother," Ryoko answered.
"You never call me mother, Ryoko," Washu said.  Just then, two 
male hands came from behind Washu and caressed her body from her 
neck to her waist, where the grip then tightened and pulled her 
back against something or rather someone.
 "Ahh!  What's happening?!" Washu yelled.  Noboyuki stepped out 
and beside Ryoko.
 "You don't expect my son to go hungry do you?" Noboyuki said.  
Washu looked up and a little behind her to see Tenchi smiling down 
at her with two large white fangs.  Washu panicked but couldn't 
move.
 "It only hurts for a little while," Tenchi said evilly.  He then 
brushed the pink hair away from Washu's neck and bit deep into it.  
Washu let out a horrible scream but she could not be saved.
------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
	Ayeka and Sasami were now returning from the play and they 
were talking about it as they walked up the stairs to the Masaki 
house.
 "I'm glad you liked it Sasami, it was very nice to spend time 
together," Ayeka said.
 "Yeah?  Well thanks for taking me Ayeka!  I had a great...." 
Sasami started.  She was cut off by a piercing scream.
 "What's that Ayeka?!" Sasami asked obviously scared.
 "Why, it sounded like Miss Washu's voice!" Ayeka answered.
 "How can you tell, Ayeka?" asked Sasami.
 "Just hurry up!" Ayeka said and ran up the stairs to the house.
	Noboyuki and Ryoko were looking down when Ayeka and Sasami 
flung the door open and Tenchi was on his knees bending over 
something.  They all three looked up at Ayeka and Sasami and Ayeka 
got a clear view of what they were looking at: Washu.  "Call 
Mihoshi and Kiyone, Sasami," Ayeka whispered.  Sasami snuck behind 
the couch and grabbed the phone.  Ayeka looked at Tenchi and the 
others.
 "What have you done to her?!" Ayeka demanded.
 "Hold on, I have not gotten a chance yet to finish," Tenchi said.  
He held up his left hand and on his index finger was a large 
golden ring up around the tip.  On the end of the ring was a sharp 
point in which he used to cut his other wrist.  Tenchi held his 
bleeding wrist over Washu's mouth and pulled it away when he 
thought she had had enough.  Washu then started breathing, or more 
like hyperventalating.  Her chest heaved up and down and her 
outfit began to change into a black gown similar to Ryoko's.  Her 
hair curled up and her pale white lips turned blood red.  Her 
green eyes shot open and she looked up and around.  All this time, 
Ayeka watched in horror.
 "How do you feel, Washu?" Tenchi asked.
 "Weak and hungry," she answered.  Tenchi pointed to Ayeka.
 "There is your first victim," Tenchi said.  Ayeka tried to back 
out of the door, but Ryoko had teleported over there and was 
blocking her.
 "Where do you think you are going, hmm?" Ryoko asked evilly.  She 
then pushed Ayeka to the floor so it was easier for Washu to bite 
her.  Sasami made not a sound while Washu sucked Ayeka's blood and 
then turned Ayeka into a vampire such as Tenchi had done with her 
minutes earlier.
 "I want blood," Ayeka said as she slowly got to her feet.  Sasami 
leaned against the couch trying her best to remain hidden.
 "I know I saw Sasami come in with Ayeka," Noboyuki said, "I 
suggest you all look for her."
 "Yes master," was the answer from everyone.  They searched around 
and Sasami started to wonder if she could escape through the door.
 'If I was quick, no one would see me,' she thought.  She started 
to crawl towards the door but was spotted by Ryoko.  Sasami 
quickly got to her feet and tried to run, but Ryoko grabbed her 
and pushed her towards Ayeka.
 "Ayeka no!  Please don't do this Ayeka!" Sasami pleaded.  Ayeka 
seemed not to hear her as she bit into her sister's neck.
------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
	Aboard the Yagami, Mihoshi and Kiyone rushed toward Tenchi's 
house.  They had just received a call from Sasami that everyone 
seemed odd and that a scream was heard outside.  Pretty soon they 
were at the Masaki house.
 "Now  just land easy Mihoshi," Kiyone said.  To her surprise, 
Mihoshi landed perfectly.
 "Like that Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked.
 "Uh, yeah, just like that.  Now, I'll go in first, after a few 
minutes if you don't hear from me that something is wrong, come 
inside ok?" Kiyone asked her ditzy partner.
 "Ok, I think I got it!" Mihoshi said happily.  Kiyone 
sweatdropped as she got off the Yagami.  She walked into the house 
with her Galaxy Police gun ready to fire.  She looked around and 
saw no one. 
 "Hello?  Sasami?  Anyone?" Kiyone said somewhat softly.  Sasami 
ran out into the living room from the kitchen.  She looked 
different.  She had a long black dress on and curly hair. 
 "Thank you for coming Kiyone," Sasami said as she jumped up on a 
table to match Kiyone's height.  Kiyone noticed Sasami looking at 
her oddly.
 "Uh sure Sasami, now what's wrong?" Kiyone asked.
 "Nothing with me, but I think you may be in a bit of trouble," 
Sasami smirked.  Kiyone didn't have time to answer that because 
Sasami had bitten into Kiyone's neck hard.  As Kiyone fell to the 
floor Sasami said:
 "Now you don't expect a child to go hungry do you?"  With that 
she smiled and laughed evilly.
	Outside in the Yagami, Mihoshi had lost track of time and was 
playing with her little space cube.  Suddenly Yukinojo popped 
down.
 "Mihoshi...Mihoshi!" he said.  Mihoshi snapped to attention.
 "Yes?!  Yes?!  Oh, it's you Yukinojo," Mihoshi said.
 "Yes it is!  Have you forgotten what you are supposed to do?"  
Mihoshi looked blank so he continued, "After a few minutes you 
were supposed to go in after Kiyone, remember?"
 "Uhhhh....oh yeah!  I forgot!  I'll go now!" Mihoshi said."  
 "You do that Mihoshi," Yukinojo said a little disgusted.  Mihoshi 
jumped out of the Yagami and ran inside the house.
 "Kiyone!  Kiyone!  Where'd ya go Kiyone?!" Mihoshi yelled.  
Mihoshi looked around.  She started to get scared and cried.  
Everyone stepped out of the shadows and surrounded Mihoshi.  
Mihoshi looked up and smiled.
 "I thought I was all alone!  I'm so glad to...ahhh!" screamed 
Mihoshi as Kiyone bit her neck.  All the others began to laugh.
 "Kiyone?!  What are you doing?!  That hurts!" Mihoshi screamed.  
Kiyone just kept sucking the blonde's blood.
	Everyone now had been turned into vampires.  Noboyuki thought 
this a good time to say something.
 "I must say this now, before the sun rises and it is too late.  
We cannot stay here, we must move.  The castle outside of town 
would suit us well.  I suggest we leave immediately," he said.  
Everyone agreed to this and they quickly left and headed towards 
the castle.  As they walked, no one noticed the old man walk past 
them and into the Masaki house.
 'Just as I feared,' Yosho thought to himself, 'I cannot stop them 
tonight, I will have to wait until the next Halloween that has a 
full moon.'
------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
	The family of vampires lived in the castle for many years, 
feeding on innocent people by night, and sleeping in coffins to 
escape the sun by day.  One night many years later there was a 
full moon.  That night happened to be Halloween.  Everyone had 
returned from "supper" as they liked to call it and were getting 
sleepy.  A couple decided to sleep now, but the others stayed 
awake.  It was on this night that Yosho had waited and planned for 
for many years.  Finally, he would be able to rid everyone of 
these horrible vampires.  At midnight he and a band of men headed 
towards the castle.  The arrived a 1:00 am and entered quite 
easily.  They had spread out, but it was Yosho that would do most 
of the work.  First his "henchmen" had gone downstairs and found a 
row of coffins.  Only two vampires were inside.  The henchmen 
started a great fire and burned the coffins containing Ayeka and 
Mihoshi.  Their screams could be heard throughout the castle as 
they were burned.  Yosho had gone upstairs.  He saw Sasami, Washu, 
and Kiyone on the balcony and grabbed each of them with some help 
of one henchman that had followed.  They threw the three vampire 
girls in a tower.  Yosho planned to deal with them later, but he 
noticed the tower had no real roof.  There were bars over it so no 
one could get in or out, but the sky and moon was in full view.  
Yosho decided that the sun would take care of them.  Yosho then 
spun around after hearing a  scream.  He saw Ryoko had killed the 
henchman and was expecting to do the same to him.  Ryoko 
teleported behind Yosho, but he drove a wooden stake through 
Ryoko's heart, destroying her.  He stepped over Ryoko's body and 
opened a door to a room.
	At this time Tenchi was running frantically throughout the 
castle.  All the henchmen were dead, but where was Yosho?  He ran 
upstairs and saw Ryoko's body on the ground.
 'That makes three,' Tenchi thought.  He did not know about 
Sasami, Washu, and Kiyone and what their fate held for them.  
Tenchi opened a door and saw his father lying on the bed; his 
throat cut and a stake through his heart.  Tenchi backed out of 
the room and turned around to see Yosho standing there smiling.
 "Er, what do you want?" Tenchi growled.
 "You know that I can't let you continue like this don't you?" 
Yosho said holding a sword up.  He took a swing at Tenchi but 
Tenchi backflipped over his head.  Yosho smiled and said:
 "You are fast, but do you know that it is near dawn?"
 "Why does that matter as long as I am inside the castle I am safe 
from it," Tenchi replied.
 "Yes maybe, but Sasami, Washu and Kiyone aren't safe," Yosho said 
and smiled as he pointed at the tower.
 "They are inside?!" Tenchi said in panic.  Tenchi tried to open 
the door but he could not;  Yosho had the key.
	Inside the tower, the three vampire girls were huddled 
together, hiding as best they could from the sun.  The sun had 
begun to rise and they were hiding in the shadowy part.  The sun 
rose steadily though and soon enough the sun was upon them.  The 
screamed in pain as they were turned to stone, never to move 
again.
	Tenchi could hear this and got very angry.  He tried to bite 
Yosho, but Yosho was quick and shoved his sword through Tenchi's 
back and through his heart.  Yosho twisted the sword around and 
ripped it out of Tenchi's body.  
 "So sorry it had to come to this, but it was for the good of the 
world," Yosho said as he walked away to go home.
------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
	Ryo-ohki awoke with a start.  She looked around and meowed 
for someone to come to her.  She could not see anyone.  She ran 
around and into Washu's lab.  She sighed with relief when she saw 
everyone gathered in Washu's lab.  It had been a dream.  Only a 
dream!  Ryo-ohki walked over to everyone and listened to their 
talk.  It seems they all had plans for Halloween.  Noboyuki and 
Ryoko were going to stay home and watch movies because they were 
obviously drunk.  Washu had a meeting about Science.  Ayeka and 
Sasami wanted to go see a play about "The Nightmare Before 
Christmas". Mihoshi and Kiyone were to patrol the streets looking 
for crime and Tenchi was going to tend to the trick or treaters.  
No one knew where Yosho was, but they really didn't care.  Ryo-
ohki was started to freak out when she heard all this, but no one 
noticed and they all went their separate ways.  After Tenchi had 
given out candy to the first trick or treaters he found a book 
labeled "Vampirism" on the floor.  He opened it and began to read.

The end?
