Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or TM related characters. All I get out of 
writing these stories is the fulfillment of my demented fantasies. I don't get 
fame,
money, pride or power, so don't sue! Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* * *~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  The First Book Of

~ Heartstrings ~

 

~* ~* ~*

 

From what we get we can make a living, what we give, however, makes a life.

 

* Book  A ~ Chapter I ~ Desiderata *

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Ryoko rolled onto her side with the silk white sheets entangling around her 
waist. Squinting against the glare from the morning sun, she sat up.
Her wild mane of sliver blue hair was sticking up in places and matted down in 
others. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and yawned.

 

From outside her window a blue jay greeted her. Ryoko groaned and fell back onto 
her pillow. A soft thud greeted her fall. It was a warm summer
morning and Ryoko had wanted to enjoy sunbathing in the sun's rays, but she just 
couldn't help but feel depleted and disturbed by the beautiful
dawn.

 

"Why me? Why!" She whined to herself as she closed her eyes. 

 

A few minutes ticked by and Ryoko was slowly drifting back into unconsciousness. 
Just as she felt sleep beckoning to her, a loud rapping came
on the door. 

 

"Ryoko! Are you awake yet? Come on, get up!"

 

Ryoko's eyes shot open and she glanced at her alarm clock. 8:45- perfect timing 
for the young princess to give a wake up call for breakfast.
Ryoko groaned again and shot a glance at her door.

 

"I'm coming. I'll be down in a few minutes, Sasami. Go ahead and start without 
me." Ryoko replied loudly.

 

There was silence and then... "But, Ryoko....are you sure?"

 

Ryoko nodded. "Yeah. I want to take a quick shower first. Don't worry."

 

"Okay. I'll make sure to save enough for you then." Sasami's cheerful voice 
added. Ryoko listened for the footsteps. Once they had faded away,
Ryoko fell back spread eagle onto her bed. Her eyelids became heavy and she 
started to nod back off when there was more knocking on the door.

 

"RYOKO! We don't hear the water running. You better not be sleeping again." 

 

Ryoko jumped up and phased to her dresser. She hadn't expected Ayeka to come 
check on her and make sure she was indeed showering instead of
sleeping. Ryoko yanked open a drawer and pulled some clothes out of it just as 
the elder princess opened the door.

 

Ryoko growled. "Hey! Don't you know how to wait until someone says 'Come In' or 
are you to shallow to respect another person's privacy?"

 

Ayeka stood there, a scowl on her face. "Like you have room to talk."

 

Ryoko frowned. She didn't want to start a fight with the princess. Mainly, 
because she realized their fights were futile and needless to say,
stressful. Ryoko wrinkled her nose. She took a deep breath and turned back to 
her dresser. She looked at Ayeka through the mirror and smiled.

 

"What are you smiling at, demon woman?" Ayeka asked curtly.

 

Ryoko shrugged. "If you could see what I'm looking at, you'd be smiling too."

 

Ayeka turned beet red. "Why, why, you insolent little lemming."

 

Ryoko nodded. "Lemmings are cute. But, I prefer ferrets." Ryoko chuckled as 
Ayeka's face reddened with anger. Ryoko slung a shirt over her
shoulder and started for the bathroom. She glanced at Ayeka quickly. "Now, if 
you would as so kind as to, let's see" Ryoko paused with a wide grin
on her face.

 

"GET OUT OF MY ROOM!" She shouted.

 

The force and brashness in her voice made Ayeka stumble backwards. The princess 
stole one glance at the demon woman and raced out of the
room. Ryoko shook her head and stepped into the bathroom. Quickly adjusting the 
water to the right temperature, she showered.

 

******

 

Sasami was giggling as Ayeka came sprinting down the stairs. The older princess 
shook invisible dust from her kimono and entered the dining
area. Many curious and 'told you so' looks turned their attention to her. Ayeka 
cleared her throat and sat down beside Tenchi.

 

"So, how did it go?" Washu inquired with hysteria.

 

Ayeka frowned and turned her nose up. "You should know."

 

Sasami sighed. "You had it coming, Ayeka. We said it was a bad idea to go berate 
Ryoko for adding a few extra winks."

 

"Thanks for the advice, Ms. Know-it-All." Ayeka grumbled. 

 

"Hey, come on Ayeka. Go easy on the poor kid. After all, she did try to warn 
you." Washu replied as she fished a sausage from her plate. 

 

Ayeka shuddered at the scold. "Whatever." She stated, her royal attitude getting 
the best of her.

 

Sasami and Tenchi began to clear the dishes from the table when Ryoko came into 
the room. Her silver blue hair was wet and hung to her waist
and her pale face sported a few drops of water here and there.

 

"Morning all." Ryoko chimed.

 

Ayeka narrowed her eyes. "You can't even dress properly. You should be ashamed 
of yourself, Ryoko. The disgrace of it is...is uncalled for."

 

Ryoko snickered and glided over to the table giving a full view of her attire, 
which consisted of a black lace tank top, short grayish silk boxers and
a white silk robe that billowed around her shoulders. Ayeka rolled her eyes. 
Ryoko wiped the smile from her face and sat down in an empty chair.

 

Tenchi stood up and looked around. "Thanks for a peaceful morning. I've got to 
be going now. Ah, Sasami...I won't be in for lunch." 

 

Ryoko's eyes glittered. "Major training session with the old man? Must be 
torture." Ayeka once again rolled her eyes. Washu stole a glance at the
cyan haired woman and smirked. Ryoko's golden eyes swept to the side, causing 
Washu to look away immediately.

 

Even the greatest scientific genius knew what the consequences were for staring 
at the ex-space pirate. Washu concentrated on Tenchi. The
young man scratched the back of his head. "Yeah. I guess you can say it's 
something like that. I'd love to stay and chat, but I gotta run. Bye!"

 

Tenchi turned on the ball of his foot and ran from the room.

 

 Ryoko sighed. "Boys and their toys. I swear. I'm beginning to worry about that 
senile old coot.ya know with him constantly playing with swords
and all. If you catch my drift."

 

Washu stifled her laughter. Ayeka was fuming. "Miss Ryoko! How dare you assume 
such lewd accusations about my brother. He's a gentleman
and a royal member of Jurai. One of royalty, never thinks that way." The 
princess protested as she sat back. Ryoko just chuckled.

 

"Well, think about it, princess. Katsuhito, mind you- a wise guy- is old 
considering his life span. He's lonely, he could always have Washu here-"
Ryoko pointed her thumb at the petite scientist. Washu interjected. "Hey-"

 

"Anyway..." Ryoko ignored the woman's cries of argument. "He's old. Lonely. He 
stays cooped up in that shrine of his coming out only at night.
Which seems to me strange indeed. But what's even worse, is what he's teaching 
poor Tenchi." Ryoko added whimsically.

 

Ayeka again cut her off. "Are you insinuating that Lord Tenchi is involved with 
lecherous and sadistic acts with himself?!"

 

Washu was doubled over in laughter, her green eyes glancing at Ryoko every so 
often. Ayeka had a hand over Sasami's ears trying to keep the
poor dear from hearing any of Ryoko's unsanitary babble. Ryoko looked at the 
older princess and shrugged.

 

"He hasn't chosen yet, now has he? He's been putting it off for, oh, I'd say 
about three years now. Correct? Doesn't it make you the slightest bit
curious, princess?" Ryoko questioned, the teasing in her voice.

 

Ayeka blushed. "Not at all, you sex crazed lunatic."

 

Ryoko tilted her head and let it roll to the side. "Oh, well. I tried to warn 
ya."

 

Washu calmed herself and took another glance at Ryoko.

 

"And would you stop doing THAT!" Ryoko shouted.

 

Washu jumped. "Jeez, I'm sorry." Washu waved her hands defensively.

 

Ryoko groaned. She reached across the table and pulled a sausage link from a 
platter. Ryoko glanced around to see that all the plates had been
picked up already. She reached in front of Washu and drug the scientists plate 
across the table until it rested in her arm reach.

 

Washu scowled. " Hey! That's my plate, demon roach."

 

Ryoko grinned. "Well, what do ya know. Washu's got a sense of REAL humor after 
all."

 

Ryoko picked the bottle of syrup up and poured some onto the plate. She picked 
her sausage up and dipped it into the sweet goo. Ayeka watched
with disgust. Ryoko saw the opportunity to freak the princess out and set the 
half eaten sausage back onto the plate.

 

"Ugh, sausage and syrup. You've got to be kidding me." Ayeka cringed.

 

Ryoko opened her mouth to expose tiny bits of sausage and saliva. Ayeka shrieked 
and looked away. 

 

"That's cool." Sasami stated with enthusiasm. 

 

"No it's gross and vile." Ayeka reprimanded her sister and Ryoko. 

 

Washu leaned over and snatched the other half of Ryoko's sausage while Ryoko was 
grossing the princess out. Washu had a grin on her face. 

 

"Aw, but it's only sausage Ayeka." Washu replied. She opened her mouth wide as 
Ayeka looked in her direction. "More or less, Seafood." The
scientist said through the full mouth. Ayeka shuddered and rose to her feet.

 

"I swear Miss. Washu. You are no better than that half sane ticking bomb of a 
child herself. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some things to do."

 

Ryoko cut her eyes to Washu. Washu swallowed the last bit of sausage and smiled. 
Ryoko shook her head and directed her attention to Washu.

 

"Although that was MY sausage... I'd have to admit. That was a good 
one....Washu." 

 

Washu frowned, then shrugged. "Something I picked up from a half sane ticking 
bomb of a child." 

 

Sasami and Ryoko rolled their eyes. "Sure, if you say so." Ryoko chuckled.

 

Washu tilted her head. "Hey, you really believe your suggestions about Katsuhito 
and Tenchi? You know, with the swords and all?"

 

Ryoko gulped and nodded her head in Sasami's direction. Washu mouthed 'Oh' and 
stood up. She thanked Sasami for breakfast and left the dining
area. Ryoko rocked the chair back onto the back legs and stretched out her arms 
above her head. She thanked Sasami as well, and left the room.

 

Sasami just watched them go, a stunned look covering her features.

 

******

 

Tenchi pulled a sleeved arm across his brow, wiping away the sweat and dust from 
his workout. "Break's over Tenchi. In real battle, they allow no
resting periods." Katsuhito's voice broke the silence in which Tenchi was 
relishing.

 

"Yes, grandpa."

 

Tenchi took a battle stance, his bokken held high in the air. "Ready?" He asked 
the older man. The priest just nodded. He barely had time to dodge
a forward attack from Tenchi as he gave the starting gesture.

 

Katsuhito spun on his toes, his bokken bouncing off of Tenchi's. "Good block. 
But see if you can evade this." Katsuhito faked to the right and then
spun to the left. Tenchi's bokken followed his grandfather to the right but was 
too slow to retrace the old man back to the starting point.

 

Tenchi frowned. He ducked and shifted the heavy wood sword from one hand to 
another and brought the blade up to meet Katsuhito only to see
Katsuhito jump. The old man landed hard on his feet, trapping Tenchi's bokken 
underneath his sandled foot.

 

Tenchi grumbled in frustration as he crab walked backward, Katsuhito's foot 
barely missing his chest. Tenchi sighed in relief and rolled to the
side as Katsuhito bared his bokken upon the young man. Tenchi fumbled for his 
sword and quickly got to his feet. "Good evasion, Tenchi."

 

Tenchi nodded in acknowledgment. He side stepped and charged his grandfather 
with forceful vigor. Katsuhito grinned and laid his bokken beside
him armlength. Tenchi eyed him but kept charging. At the last moment, Tenchi's 
eyes went wide as he barrel rolled forward onto his face.

 

After the dust settled, Katsuhito chuckled. Tenchi was sprawled out, his arms 
flailed out by his head and his dusty butt sticking in the air like a
monument. Tenchi opened his eyes and blinked.

 

"Ouch." He mumbled as Katsuhito stared at his grandson in all his glory.

 

Tenchi finally rolled over on his back and watched the clouds pass by. 'What 
happened?' He thought as he ran the mishap through his mind.

 

Soon, a figure overshadowed him. "Tenchi. I thought you had been taught to tie 
your shoes or else you'll trip and fall on the laces." Katsuhito
proclaimed.

 

Tenchi stared at him. "Huh?" The young man sat up and let his eyes travel to his 
feet. There, hanging from his left sneaker, was a dirty shoe lace.
Tenchi swore under his breath so his grandfather wouldn't hear him and bent over 
to tie his back stabbing lace. Katsuhito chuckled all the while.

 

Tenchi tied the lace in a double knot and pushed himself to his feet. He brushed 
the dust from his shirt and pants and then retrieved his bokken.
He shaded his eyes with his free hand and looked up.

 

"Again?" He asked the old priest shyly.

 

Katsuhito rubbed his chin in thought before heading for the shrine. "No. I do 
believe your training for today is over. About time for you to tend to
the fields, is it not?"

 

Tenchi nodded. He handed the wooden sword to Katsuhito and started for the 
fields. "Oh, and Tenchi?"

 

Tenchi stopped and glanced over his shoulder. "Yes?"

 

Katsuhito pressed his comment on. "I do think that there is something special 
you are suppose to tell someone today, am I right?"

 

Tenchi quirked an eyebrow. 'Am I forgetting something? Surely, he doesn't think 
I'm going to choose today.' Tenchi chuckled. 'Or ever.' He
thought.

 

Katsuhito frowned. Certainly Tenchi remembered this day well. Who couldn't. He 
only waited seventeen years for the day to come and now he
had forgotten it. Katsuhito was somewhat disappointed.

 

Tenchi threw up his arms. "I don't recall this certain 'special something' 
grandpa. Is it extremely important, and dangerous to my health if I don't
remember what today is?"

 

Katsuhito turned his back to the young man. "Let's put it this way, Tenchi. 
Should she remember, you'll be in hot water. Think back to three years
ago, when a certain young boy disobeyed his grandfather and the consequences 
that followed afterwards. Good day, Tenchi."

 

Katsuhito sauntered to the shrine again when Tenchi suddenly let an agonized and 
frustrated shout. 

 

"Oh man. How could I have forgotten. If I don't tell her something, she'll 
barbecue me like chicken. Thanks grandpa. See you later."

 

Katsuhito laughed. He put the bokkens away and fished something from around his 
neck. His wrinkled, old fingers traced the cold smoothness of
a red ruby welded onto a chain. 

 

'Ryoko. Last year for my birthday, you gave me this present. I was, needless to 
say, shocked that you would willingly give up one of your gems.
And to me, nonetheless. The young fool who, all those years ago, fell in love 
with you. But, things cannot change. Only, give us a better
perspective.'

 

Katsuhito sighed. It was true, though he'd never admit to it openly for Ryoko's 
sake and as for Ayeka's. He and Ryoko- times were good back then.
When Jurai wasn't after her, trying to claim her head as a trophy. Katsuhito 
mourned for her when she had become, the space pirate.

 

He had wanted to show her all of Jurai, show her it's beauty and worth. But, a 
day came when Ryoko, late for a date, just vanished along with her
parents. 2,000 years later, she showed up pillaging the planet. She attacked the 
palace, the family members, he himself - Prince Yosho.

 

Yosho had sworn to go after her, and find out why she did what she had done. It 
was then he had heard his father give the order to execute Ryoko
no matter what the cost. Yosho was heartbroken and immediately went after her. 
She led him to Earth, where they fought a grueling battle.

 

He hadn't wanted to hurt her- but something wasn't right. He could see it in her 
eyes and the way she stared at him with that vacant look. She was
no longer the sweet woman he had known and come to love. The only daughter of a 
renown doctor and agent of the GSFA, had turned rebellious
and sour.

 

Katsuhito shook the thoughts from his mind. He had defeated her, but with 
heartfelt and gut wrenching cost. To keep her safe and out of the hands
of his father, he entrapped her in a cave. There she slept for hundreds of 
years. 

 

Yosho had sworn to never love another woman. But, Ryoko's spirit had come to him 
and begged him to move on with his life. Yosho had fought
an enraging battle of feelings, and lost. He agreed to Ryoko's pleas, and soon 
married. But, he never forgot his first true love....

 

"Ryoko." Katsuhito whispered her name to himself.

 

The old priest sighed. He had hoped that Tenchi would win her affections. And so 
far, so good. But, the problem wasn't Ayeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone
or Washu. It was Tenchi. He couldn't make up his mind. And they all were 
suffering from his indecisiveness.

 

But, Katsuhito had noticed a change in Ryoko. She was alot more calm around 
Ayeka, and kept her peace more often than not. And it pleased him
to see her making such progress, and in such little time. But the most shock 
came when she gave him one of her gems.

 

She had told him that she didn't need it anymore. There was no use for it in her 
life, just as she was of no use for him. She agreed times had
changed, and that she too would move on in her life, just as he had done. 
Katsuhito, saddened by her final decision, just hugged her and told her it
was okay.

 

'It was all I could do to keep my past feelings from resurfacing. I trust her, 
just as I trusted her then. And my trust will never waiver.' Katsuhito
told himself as he tucked the chain back into his shirt. He did however, ask her 
what she did with the other two gems.

 

Ryoko just smiled and squeezed his hand gently. One, she had sent to a person 
from her past. The other who had loved her more than life itself.
Katsuhito knew she was talking about her parent, the one who had been there for 
her, before Ryoko's breakdown. 

 

And the other, the least powerful of them all, she kept hidden at the base of 
her wrist. She claimed it was a memento, to live her life by and to
remind her that, no matter how bad her past had been- her life now, was good. 
And that it was as good as it would get, unless she sought otherwise.

 

Katsuhito couldn't agree more. He studied the field one last time, and then 
quietly entered his shrine to meditate.

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Two ~

 

She built up her courage and knocked softly on the door with a steady 'rap-rap' 
and waited for an answer. "It's open." A soft voice chimed on the
other side of the door.

 

Ryoko swallowed her pride and opened the door. Stepping inside, she was 
surprised to find the room well lit and to her liking. It was normally
dark in here with the occasional blinking lights and beeps from a machine or 
two.

 

Washu's lab, was definitely one of the world's scariest places and Ryoko had 
often thought the desolate lab would come in first place for that sort
of thing. She shook her head and ventured into the lab, her sights set on the 
scientist who more or less, could help you out of a tight jam.

 

Washu was lounged out on a lawn chair in a virtual garden, a synthetic sun 
beating down on her with warmth. Washu reached up and hooked a
finger on the rim of her sunglasses and tilted them down a bit.

 

She adjusted her position on the chair and stared at Ryoko. "Oh, Ryoko. It's 
you. To what do I owe this pleasure, hmmm? You decided to take me
up on my offer?" 

 

Ryoko growled at her and narrowed her golden catlike eyes. "No."

 

Washu shrugged and pushed her shades back up over her eyes. "That's too bad. 
We'd make a great team, you and I. And I do think it would help
Tenchi with his fear of girls and convince him to make up his mind."

 

Ryoko crossed her arms. "Listen here, I don't care if Tenchi never chooses me, 
as long as he's happy. And because I know the aftermath that
something like this can cause, I will not help you collect any samples from him 
by hypnotizing to make him think he loves me...." Ryoko paused.

 

"I want to be able to know that his love is real and not forced without his 
permission or knowledge. Got it?" The pirate added deftly.

 

Washu laced her arms behind her head, Ryoko's complaint falling on deaf ears. 
Ryoko glared at the small woman. "Did you hear me, Washu? I
won't help you so you can just forget it. And if you don't want the chance to 
proclaim yourself as the world's greatest something, then never
mind."

 

Ryoko started to storm out of the lab when Washu called out to her. 

 

"Ryoko. Wait."

 

Ryoko stopped but didn't turn around. Washu stood up and pulled a short sleeved 
blue button up shirt over her white swimsuit. She pushed the
shades up on her head and watched Ryoko.

 

"What exactly did you want to ask me to help you with?"

 

Ryoko stepped back, a look of confusement on her face. "Help?" She repeated 
Washu's words. Washu nodded and glared at the younger girl.
Ryoko placed her hands on her hips and stared the woman down. Ryoko let the 
anger pass and then smiled at the small scientist. Washu gasped.

 

Was this really Ryoko, the ex space pirate who had always tortured people. The 
one who destroyed a part of Jurai, the one constantly bickering
with Ayeka, picking on Mihoshi and neglecting her. The one who, if didn't get 
the correct answer to a problem the first time, took her anger out
on Washu. 

 

Washu was stunned speechless. Ryoko had smiled, instead of grabbing her, shaking 
her, slapping her or just putting her down, she smiled. Now
Washu was really confused and concerned for the girl. Ryoko hung her head, she 
knew what the scientist was thinking, it was only natural.

 

"Wha...what did you...did you want?" Washu stuttered.

 

"I came to ask you a simple little question. If it isn't too much of a hassle."

 

Washu shook her head no. "No, not at all. I can answer all the questions you 
want."

 

Ryoko frowned. "No. Just one this time. I just can't, ask all of them from you. 
Not yet, sorry."

 

Washu nodded. "So, what was it that you wanted to ask me?"

 

Ryoko crossed her arms behind her head and walked towards a machine in a far 
corner. "I want to learn how to teach. But, in order to do so, I have
to have a degree. I was hoping you would have some suggestions."

 

"YOU want to learn to TEACH? Since when? And for how long?" 

 

Ryoko shuffled around the lab. "Dunno. The past few years, I guess." Ryoko 
stopped and glanced at something hanging from a nearby corner.
Ryoko moved closer to it to examine whatever it was. It was shiny and small, and 
hung to a black jacket that rested on a hook.

 

Ryoko took the object in her hand and gave it a once over. The thought of why 
Washu had it, and hadn't eighty-sixed something so stupid was
beyond Ryoko's mental pondering. She fanned the jacket out to expose a gold and 
blue embroidered gun and badge with the symbols 'GSFA' on it.

 

Ryoko wondered about the jacket but couldn't come up with a name to match the 
abbreviations. She dropped the sleeve of the jacket and faced
Washu. The small woman was just staring off into space, her green eyes blank and 
emotionless. 

 

"You want to learn to teach?" Washu repeated for a second time.

 

Ryoko nodded. "Yeah. That's what I said I wanted to do." Ryoko took a deep 
breath as Washu repeated her words again. She began to wonder if
Washu had a few bats loose in her belfry, but then figured it wasn't her 
problem. If Washu wanted to act dumb, then she'd let her, by all means.

 

Washu finally snapped back to reality. "Well, if you wanted to teach, then  why 
didn't you say something sooner? I can pull a few strings and
extract some files and make you a degree. Easy as pie. Just give me an hour to 
hack through the codes and design your resume and degree
certificate."

 

Ryoko watched her as Washu sat on her cushion, the holo-computer appearing under 
her hands. The pirate's mind blanked out as she thought
'How does she do that?' She took a few steps and peered over Washu's shoulder. 

 

"So, I should check back with you, oh say about 3 o' clock?" Ryoko asked.

 

Washu gave a quick nod and finished typing. Ryoko slipped back to the door 
quietly. Before turning the knob to close the door, she smiled again. 

 

"Thanks....Washu." She stated sadly, and closed the door.

 

******

 

Sasami, Ayeka and Ryoko were scattered about the living room, their eyes glued 
to the television. Ayeka sat on the far couch, her attention span
allowing her to focus on the movie, and the movie alone. Sasami leaned against 
Ryoko's side on the floor, her eyes growing wide.

 

Ryoko was lying sideways on her stomach, her head resting on her arms, her eyes 
watching the actors on the t.v. screen. She glanced at Sasami
who was using her as a pillow and grinned. Ryoko allowed her eyes to close and 
her ears to listen to the voices of the actors.

 

Before she knew it, she was fast asleep, dreaming the afternoon away. But not 
all her dreams were pleasant ones.

 

~ Dream ~

 

Ryoko stood dressed in a light purple and green kimono. The wind whipped through 
her hair, her bangs shifting from the breeze. Ryoko smiled
and pushed a wayward strand of cyan hair behind an ear. Soft gray clouds had 
formed in the horizon and off in the distance, thunder could be
heard.

 

Ryoko sighed and wished that Yosho would hurry. She had been waiting for ten 
minutes and she didn't really feel like being drenched while
waiting for the slow prince to arrive. Turning her mind elsewhere, Ryoko took 
early refuge under a large tree.

 

From somewhere in the breeze, a voice whispered to her. Ryoko glanced at the 
tree. Carefully, she placed a hand on the tree's trunk and closed
her eyes. She nodded every now and then and then opened her golden eyes. "Yes, 
my friend. I know that should we get caught, he'd be punished."

 

Ryoko spoke gently to the tree and was answered with tiny lights dancing from 
the leaves. "Of course. If it were to happen, I'd rescue him. I'd
never let harm come to him, I promise." Ryoko whispered into the wind.

 

Strong arms grabbed her from behind in a hug. Ryoko gasped. When she turned, she 
saw Yosho standing there. She swatted at him playfully and
laughed. Yosho eased his grip and looked at the tree. "The same goes for me too, 
Ryoko. Should harm come to you, I'd rescue you with my life."

 

Ryoko' frowned with slit eyes. "But...you are the prince. What harm could ever 
come to myself that, THEY, would allow you to come to me?"

 

Yosho shrugged. "Who says they'd have to know?" 

 

Ryoko's eyes twinkled. She placed a hand on the man's face and kissed him. "You 
are quite the rebellious and brave one, aren't you?"

 

Yosho nodded. "And what of you? How would your 'parents' take this should they 
find out you were sneaking around with the prince?"

 

Ryoko smirked. "Who knows or cares. They wouldn't. They never care, Yosho. Never 
have. Neither of them."

 

Yosho took Ryoko's hands in his. "Of course they do. They both love you for who 
you are. And so do I. Now tell me, do you really think they hate
you like you say they do?" Yosho's question struck home.

 

Ryoko jerked back. "Perhaps. My....my father beats my mother sometimes."

 

Yosho cut her off and grabbed her shoulders with force. "Does he beat on you? 
Ryoko? Does your father beat you?" Yosho asked harshly.

 

Tears made their way to Ryoko's eyes. "Sometimes. If I'm lucky, he does." 

 

Yosho's face hardened. "Why don't you press charges? Or your mother? You two 
could leave him and be rid of him, Ryoko. Just ask."

 

"I can't do that!" Ryoko shouted, fear flooding her voice. "I can't. He'll kill 
her, kill me. You never know what he'll do, Yosho. He's too smart to be
caught off guard, he's a scientist. A professor, and a damn good one at that. I 
will not place my mother's life in danger out of my fear. I just can't."

 

Ryoko stole one last glance at him and turned from him. She took off across the 
open field with Yosho close behind her. Something pattered
Yosho's face and shoulders. He looked up to see the rain pouring down on him and 
his love. He picked up his pace and caught up with Ryoko.

 

He grabbed her arm and pulled her back to him. Ryoko stumbled into his waiting 
arms and hugged him. She looked up at him, rain dripping from
her bangs and chin. Yosho shook his head and kissed her again. They spent the 
rest of the day chasing each other in the rain soaked fields.

 

Ryoko's happy memory faded away into darkness. She and Yosho had promised to 
meet at Wicken Fen. The lake and resort outside of Jurai's
palace. But, when Ryoko had returned home that night, it had never occurred to 
her that, that day may have been the last time she saw her prince.

 

Ryoko had run home, her face flushed with joy and her heart on fire. She 
unlocked her front door and tossed her key on the counter. She peeled
her jacket off and hung it on the back of a chair in the kitchen to dry. Ryoko 
started for the stairs when a menacing voice startled her.

 

"I've told you to never leave your jacket lying around, haven't I, Ryoko?"

 

Ryoko turned to see two red eyes peering at her from the shadows. Ryoko faltered 
and stepped back. "Answer me, Ryoko." A strong male voice
lashed out. Ryoko balled her hands up. 

 

"But, father...I was just let-" 

 

"Don't mock me, girl. I have told you numerous times to not leave your things 
lying around the house and each time you do it anyway. I'm tired of
playing these games with you Ryoko. I knew this would happen sooner or later." A 
young man appeared from the shadows of the kitchen.

 

Ryoko stepped back. Blood trickled from his nose and a cut above his eyebrow. 
"What happened to you?" Ryoko asked, her fear returning. The
man snorted. 

 

"Your pitiful excuse for a mother, that's what. I was so tired of her 
complaining about her miserable problems. I had to teach her a lesson. Just
like I'm going to teach you. I told that woman to be more firm with you, but she 
just danced around the bush. Which is fine with me."

 

The man advanced on Ryoko as she turned and ran upstairs. Ryoko let out a scream 
as she felt her feet pulled from under her. She landed on the
stairs with a loud thud. Something warm and salty made its way to her mouth. 
Ryoko spit the liquid out onto the floor. 

 

Bright red spots splattered the white carpet. Ryoko reached up and gingerly 
touched her lip. She let her finger slid to her top gum above her front
teeth. Pain shot through her as she pulled her hand back. Blood covered her 
fingertips. Ryoko yelped as her father tightened his grip on her.

 

With one swift move, Ryoko kicked her leg and landed a hit on the man's neck. 
The pressure loosened and Ryoko jumped up. Cupping a hand over
her mouth to keep any more blood from getting on the carpet, Ryoko ran. She came 
to a door at the end of the hallway and hid inside.

 

Something inside caught Ryoko's attention. Tears brimmed in her eyes. The prone 
figure of her mother lay motionless on the floor, her body
entangled in the sheets. Ryoko crawled over to her and turned her mother onto 
her back. Her mother's eyes were closed and she wasn't breathing.

 

"Wake up." Ryoko pleaded to her. "Please, mother, wake up."

 

A bright crimson spot was forming on the sheet surrounding her mother's chest. 
Ryoko pulled the sheet back to see a blood seeping hole about
the size of a dime in the woman's chest. She had been shot. And her father had 
been the one to commit the act.

 

Ryoko was too busy crying into her mother's lifeless body to hear the wooden 
door being splintered by a blade. Her father quickly and quietly
ducked into the room and yanked Ryoko off the floor by her neck. Ryoko gagged 
and began idly kicking her feet but to no prevail.

 

Her father laughed and squeezed harder causing Ryoko to lose consciousness. The 
last thing she remembered was his red eyes and the distant
scream of her fading voice. And then as if someone stomped on her with a boot, 
Ryoko crashed into the darkness.

 

She tried to scream but nothing came out. A distant voice called her name, 
laughed at her and beat her. But, repeatedly, her name kept being called
as if she was being beckoned as some sort of dog.

 

"Ryoko."

 

Ryoko ignored it, afraid of what would happen should she awaken.

 

"Ryoko!"

 

Ryoko grimaced as something grasped her shoulders. Ryoko fought back.

 

"No! Leave....Me......ALONE!" 

 

Ryoko continued to fight only to lose the struggle. Finally, something hard made 
contact with her face as a voice shouted her name.

 

"RYOKO!"

 

Ryoko's eyes snapped open to see two green irises staring down at her. Ryoko 
looked around her. Sasami and Ayeka sat huddled together on the
couch. Washu was leaning over her, concern etched in her face. 

 

"What's going on?" Ryoko questioned dryly.

 

"We're wondering the same thing. Nightmares, perhaps. Or were you just killing 
Ayeka and getting rid of the evidence?" Washu asked teasingly.

 

"Mu..mmu...mmmu-Miss. Washu. How could you think that?"

 

Washu stared at Ayeka with malice. She pointed to Ryoko.

 

"Why not. She does. Don't you, Ryoko?" Washu inquired.

 

Ryoko pushed Washu away and sat up. She ran a hand down her face and to her top 
gum. Nothing. No cuts, no blood. Just ghost pains. Ryoko saw
three pairs of eyes on her and rolled her own.

 

"Absolutely not. That's not what I was dreaming about. Sorry."

 

Ryoko rose to her feet. Washu followed her. Ryoko started for the stairs and her 
room and once again Washu followed her. Ryoko spun around
and latched onto Washu's shirt.

 

"Alright pipsqueak. Why are ya following me? Can't you see I wanna be alone?" 
Ryoko questioned angrily.

 

"Uh, yeah. But I came to get you becasue that 'form' you requested is done. Now 
could please put me down." Washu rasped.

 

Ryoko lowered the tiny scientist but kept a grip on her. "They're done! Well, 
alright then...let's go." 

 

Ryoko let her hand slide from Washu's shirt to her hand. Washu felt the 
unmistakable fissures of Ryoko's teleportation and began to protest but
before she could form the words, she found herself in the lab. Ryoko released 
her and walked to the computer. 

 

"This it?" She asked. Ryoko asked while nodding to a form displayed on the 
screen of the computer.

 

"Yes. Just let me print them out for you, okay?" Washu complained.

 

Ryoko shrugged. "Whatever. Just take your time."

 

Washu eyed the woman and shook her head. "Sure. No problem."

 

Ryoko soon found herself staring at the black jacket on the hook in the corner 
of the lab. She re-examined the pin on the front pocket to see the
name 'Hakubi and 3540' inscribed on the front under the initials GSFA. Finally, 
Ryoko let her curiosity get the better of her.

 

She pulled at the sleeve of the jacket and glanced over her shoulder. 

 

"Hey, Washu? What's with this jacket? Is it yours?" 

 

Washu turned on her cushion. Her face paled a bit but she smiled. "You could say 
that. So, it's a jacket....big deal." Washu made circular motions
with her finger in the air as she said 'Whoopee.' 

 

Ryoko raised an eyebrow. She could have sworn she saw some sadness in Washu's 
eyes when asked about the old jacket. Ryoko decided to press
the case further.

 

"So, uh...what's GSFA stand for, anyway?" Ryoko questioned softly.

 

Washu sighed. "It's the abbreviations for 'Galactic Space Forces Agency.' Why?" 
Washu snapped at her in agitation.

 

"Dunno. Just interested, is all. You don't have to get all protective."

 

Washu sighed again. "You're right. I'm sorry. Well, here they are."

 

Ryoko slammed a fist into her open palm. "Great. Thanks alot."

 

Ryoko floated over to Washu and took the forms. "These look like the real 
things. I really appreciate it, Washu. Alot."

 

Washu's smile faded but soon returned. "You're welcome. Enjoy teaching! Now get 
out of here before I turn you into a kappa or a water sprite."

 

Ryoko chuckled. "Yeah right. Save the jokes for those who believe you'll do it. 
See you later, Washu."

 

With that, Ryoko vanished leaving Washu all alone. Before Washu had a chance to 
stand up, Ryoko reappeared in the lab. 

 

"Oh and hey. You may want to ditch that jacket. It's kind of ratty and old, you 
know. And besides, if it doesn't belong to you, then why do you have
it?" Ryoko asked, her head tilting to the side.

 

Washu frowned and fought back tears. "It was...my husbands."  She lied quickly.

 

Washu hated lying, especially to friends and those who were close enough to be 
considered family. But, the truth wasn't worth the pain of it all.

 

"Oh. Sorry. Forget I said anything." Ryoko apologized and disappeared.

 

Washu rose to her feet slowly and shuffled to the jacket. She pulled it from the 
hook and slid her arms into the sleeves. She adjusted it and then
reached up above her head. When she withdrew her hand, she held a slim barreled 
blaster. In the butt of the gun was 'Hakubi and 3540.' Washu
smiled.

 

"It's been a long time since I've held this." Washu whispered weakly.

 

"Yes. And it's been a long time since you even gave a thought to us."

 

A soft human voice drifted from beside Washu. The scientist turned to see a 
floating orb of metal and green light. "Talon." Washu spoke to the
orb. 

 

"Washu." The orb shifted into a form of a white 'Gyrfalcon.' Washu extended her 
arm and the falcon landed steadily on her forearm.

 

"How are you old friend?" Washu questioned soothingly as she rubbed the bird's 
neck. 

 

"Stiff from being crammed into that orb. But okay and alive."

 

Washu nodded. "It was a safety precaution. It kept you safe and hidden from him, 
didn't it?"

 

"Yes Washu. But, if only you could have used that knowledge to save you and your 
child from his manipulation. By the way.Where is Re?"

 

The falcon glanced around and then studied Washu's face. Tears dripped down her 
chin. Talon cocked his head. 

 

"Re, is no longer with us, Talon. She died, all those years ago under his 
command. He killed her, and her spirit. She on longer exists. I've tried
reaching her soul, but it's futile." Washu replied tiredly.

 

Talon bobbed his head in apology. "I'm sorry, Washu. If only- if only there was 
something I could have done." Talon started but paused.

 

"Don't be silly Talon. He would have killed you, too."

 

The falcon glanced at her and then into a mirror Washu had materialized before 
her. "You've changed, Washu. But, this way, you are still 'Agent
3540 - Washu Hakubi.' And nothing will ever change that."

 

Washu nodded. "I know. But, I'm no longer an agent among the Galactic Forces, 
Talon. I'm dead to them, as are you. It's better this way, old friend.
Trust me. You will like it here, and you'll never have to go back into the 
safety orb again. I promise." Washu answered sweetly.

 

Talon sidestepped to Washu's shoulder and perched there. Washu then returned to 
her computer and began typing away on the keyboard.

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Three ~

 

Tenchi unboarded the bus hurriedly and began his long trip to the house. In his 
hands he clutched a metallic blue wrapped object with a card that
had a name written on it. Tenchi quickly raced up the steps. 

 

Along the way, he thought of how all the girls came together. It was a strange 
and wonderful phenomenon indeed. Tenchi, though sometimes shy
around the girls, knew he wouldn't trade the friendship, fights or family 
bonding they had formed along the way to revert back to his normal life.

 

It just wouldn't work. He'd be lonely, and the house would be too quiet. For 
three years he had lived in constant fear of the battles, the heated
arguments and the scrutiny of the Juarian emperor, <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 
ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />Azusa. Ayeka and
Sasami's father, was of course just another hurdle, as Ryoko put it.

 

Tenchi couldn't agree more. Though his great-great grandson, Azusa harbored some 
hatred for Tenchi and no matter how much Ayeka coaxed him
that her father like him, Tenchi found himself wondering about it more and more. 
What would Azusa do should Tenchi pick Ayeka?

 

Tenchi cleared his mind. He didn't want to think about it, not now. Besides, 
Ayeka was his great aunt, and Tenchi felt awkward having feelings for
someone related by blood. So, he had opted to be safe and not choose until his 
heart and mind had come to a mutual agreement on one girl.  

 

Tenchi crested the stairs and looked around. No one was in sight. Usually, Ryoko 
would have pounced on him by now, but these past three years
had really changed her. She no longer argued with Ayeka or tried to seduce him. 
For that, Tenchi was relieved. 

 

No more petty fights, accidental holes or blowups and no more groping or 
seductions. Tenchi sighed with relief as he stepped inside the house.

Ayeka and Sasami sat dazed on the couch, both staring off into space. Washu and 
Ryoko were no where to be seen.

 

And Mihoshi and Kiyone were out patrolling the Sol System. It was nothing but 
peace and quiet until a tiny 'miya' and the soft pawing on his leg
caught his attention. Tenchi glanced down to see Ryo-Ohki sitting by his feet. 
Tenchi leaned down and scratched the cabbit behind the ears.

 

Suddenly, the slow hissing of something phasing landed beside Tenchi. Tenchi 
braced himself for the incoming attack, but none ever came.
Instead, he saw Ryoko standing there watching him. 

 

"Hi, Tenchi. Whatcha doing?" Ryoko asked calmly.

 

Tenchi began to laugh nervously. "Uh, aw, well, nothing really."

 

"Oh. Okay then. Say, if you get the chance, slap Ayeka back into reality for me, 
kay?" Ryoko smiled and bent down to Ryo-Ohki. "Come on cabbit,
we've gotta talk. Tell Tenchi bye."

 

Ryo-Ohki waved and gave a pitiful 'miya' as she and Ryoko disappeared. As soon 
as they left, Ayeka blinked a few times. Her eyes soon landed on
Tenchi and his gift. 

 

"Oh, Lord Tenchi. You're home early." Ayeka wheedled.

 

She pointed to the package. "What do you have there?"

 

Tenchi looked down. "What? This old thing. Nothing, Ayeka. Nothing."

 

Tenchi protested but Ayeka wasn't convinced. Tenchi cringed. "Oh, alright. Don't 
get upset or assume the wrong thing. But, it's for Ryoko."

 

Ayeka's face fell. "Ayeka, I said don't get upset or assume anything. I got it 
because today was the day I released her from the cave. It's sorda a
remembrance gift, ya know." Tenchi explained.

 

Ayeka's eyes perked up. "Oh my. Is that today, Lord Tenchi? It seems like 
yesterday that Sasami and I landed here on Earth while searching for
Yosho. It's crazy, these things and yet a blessing in disguise. Excuse me, 
please."

 

Ayeka promptly left the room leaving a still sleeping Sasami on the couch. 
Tenchi pulled a blanket from the couch and draped it over the young
girl. Smiling, he went upstairs to hide the present he had bought for Ryoko.

 

******

 

Later that night at dinner, Tenchi couldn't stop smiling. Ryoko and the others 
knew he was hiding something, but didn't dare comment about his
smug attitude. Finally, Sasami spoke up. 

 

"Tenchi? What are you so happy for?" The princess questioned cheerfully.

 

Tenchi shook his head. "Nothing much. Say, has anyone seen Washu?"

 

Tenchi began to get up from the table when a voice stopped him.

 

"Don't get up, Tenchi. I'm here. Late, but here." Washu responded.

 

Washu sat down. "Miss. Washu?! WHAT is THAT THING?"

 

Ayeka asked loudly pointing to Washu's shoulder. Washu looked up.

 

"Huh? Who, you mean this 'thing.' Well, this is a very old friend of mine. 
Everyone meet Talon." The falcon cocked his head at the others.

 

"Talon, now be a gentleman. What do we say?" Washu asked.

 

Talon gave a small shake of his furry head. "Pleased to meet you all."

 

Tenchi fell over as did Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi. Ryoko stared at the bird 
while Sasami was trying to piece the puzzle together.

 

Talon's black eyes were centered on Ryoko as Ryoko's golden yellow eyes were 
focused on him. She seemed familiar to Talon, though he
couldn't say why and Ryoko had the same train of thoughts.

 

Sasami shrugged. "I think he's a lovely bird, Washu. Wouldn't you say, Ryoko?"

 

Ryoko cut her eyes to Sasami. "What? Oh, yeah sure. Marvelous. Um, can I be 
excused, please." Ryoko had her eyes set on Washu with her
question.

 

Washu gave a slight nod with Sasami's cheerful, "Yes you may." 

 

Ryoko stood up, cast one last glance at Washu and Talon and disappeared.

 

"Washu? That girl was familiar. She holds the image of Lady Re. How is that 
possible?" Talon asked the scientist.

 

"You are wrong, Talon. She has not one quality of my Re. Ryoko is brash, 
sometimes insensitive and uncaring and yet, just the opposite. Re, of
course didn't have a mean bone in her body, let alone, darkness in her heart."

 

Washu told him in a hushed whisper. Minutes later, Tenchi and the others sat up 
and forced themselves to adjust to the talking bird. Afterall,
Ryoko was able to talk to Ryo-Ohki. So it wasn't like it was impossible for the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe to accomplish.

 

Tenchi looked around. "Where did Ryoko go?"

 

"She just asked to be excused." Sasami replied worriedly.

 

"And I wanted to give her, her gift. Guess it'll have to wait."

 

"What's going to have to wait, Tenchi?"

 

Tenchi looked up to see Ryoko appear in her seat. She cocked her head at him and 
curled her lips into a half smile.

 

Tenchi shook his head. "Nothing now. Uh, look Ryoko. Do you know what today is?"

 

Ryoko crossed her arms and sat back in thought. "Nope. Not really. Why don't you 
enlighten me, my dear Tenchi."

 

Ayeka rolled her eyes. Tenchi remained quiet. He shifted his weight and then 
pulled out a box. He handed it to a stunned Ryoko. "Huh? What's this
for? It's not my birthday, Christmas or god fearing, mother's day."

 

Ayeka groaned. "I would certainly hope not, for your sake demon woman and 
Tenchi's."

 

Ryoko grinned and opened the gift. Once the paper had been torn off, Ryoko found 
a plain white box. She opened the box and slid something
from its confines. Ryoko gasped. A cherry stained wood box fell into her hands. 
She opened the lid and smiled, tears beginning to form in her
eyes.

 

A soft melody began to play when she opened the box up. On the underside of the 
lid was a photo of Tenchi and Ryoko. It had been taken last year
at Tenchi's graduation. Ryoko looked happy and Tenchi couldn't hide the joy from 
his face in the picture as Ryoko hugged him.

 

"What's the tune it's playing, Tenchi?" Kiyone questioned suddenly.

 

Tenchi's smile widened. "It's called 'Days with Ryoko.' I had a friend compose 
it to suit your mood. I thought you'd like it because it's kind of
homey and melancholic at the same time."

 

"I love it, Tenchi. Thank you." Ryoko replied as she brushed away tears.

 

"Here, Ryoko. This is from me." Ayeka shoved a small package in Ryoko's hand.

 

Ryoko stared at it with bewilderment. "Thank you Ayeka. But you didn't-"

 

"Yes. I did. You are my friend, even if we get on each other's nerves quite a 
bit. I value your friendship more so than you think. Open it." Ayeka
urged.

 

Ryoko tore away the wrapping from the small box. A small black jewelry box was 
revealed inside. Ryoko opened it to find a gold chain with a
sapphire attached to the middle of a charm that read 'Best Friend' in Kanji.

 

"Oh, Ayeka. It's beautiful. Thank you." Ryoko thanked her and put it on.

 

"It matches mine, except, I have a ruby on my charm." Ayeka added.

 

She pulled a chain from under her kimono and showed it to Ryoko. Ryoko thanked 
them both again and then stared at Tenchi. Quickly, like a
shadow, a frown crept to her lips.

 

"What's the occasion? Let me guess. You chose Ayeka and that's why both of you 
got me gifts, right? To butter me up and make my downfall a lot
softer?" Ryoko questioned, her teeth grinding, and her voice calm.

 

Tenchi looked taken aback. "No. Ryoko, today is the anniversary of the day I 
released you from the cave. Remember three years ago when you
chased me and destroyed my school?"

 

Ryoko gasped and then giggled. "How could I forget. But you two really shouldn't 
have. And I mean that. But, thank you. Tenchi. Ayeka." Ryoko
turned to face Washu and Sasami. "Dinner was delicious as usual. If you don't 
mind, I'm going to retire early tonight. Night, all."

 

With that, Ryoko disappeared from the table. Ryo-Ohki was close behind.

 

******

 

Tenchi was in a deep sleep when a loud noise jolted him from his dreams. He 
listened carefully as he heard another cry.

 

"MIYA!"

 

Tenchi raced to his window and threw back the curtains. In the distance he could 
see the moon reflecting off a shiny object. And that object just
happened to be Ryo-Ohki. Tenchi ran from his room and down the hallway. He flung 
open a door to a room to find it empty. Tenchi panicked. 

 

He spun around and ran smack dab into Ayeka and Kiyone. "Tenchi? What's the 
matter? And what was that noise?" Ayeka asked uneasily.

 

"That noise was Ryo-Ohki...and Ryoko is gone." Tenchi answered.

 

With the two girls on his heels, they sprinted downstairs where they found Washu 
huddled on the couch, sobbing. Moments later, Sasami and
Mihoshi came down to ask what all the noise was from. Tenchi was comforting 
Washu as Ayeka stood staring out the window.

 

"What happened?" Sasami asked, her voice cracking. 

 

"Yeah. And where's Ryoko?" Mihoshi questioned dumbly.

 

Kiyone smacked Mihoshi hard and glared at her. "You nitwit. Ryoko's gone. She 
and Ryo-Ohki left. Do you even understand what I'm saying?"

 

Mihoshi stopped crying. "Shouldn't we go after her? I mean, what if someone 
attacks her, Kiyone? Like the Galaxy Police or Jurai?"

 

Kiyone shook her head. "It won't do any good. Ryoko won't listen to us."

 

Tenchi watched in silence. "There's got to be something we can do."

 

Washu sat up then. "No. There isn't anything you or anyone can do that will make 
Ryoko change her mind. She's just looking for space, and you
can't change the way she is Tenchi. She left this for you, though."

 

Wahu handed Tenchi an envelope and rose to her feet. "I'm going to my lab. I 
need...some time alone." And Washu disappeared.

 

"What's it say, Tenchi?" Sasami asked, tears running down her face.

 

Ayeka and Kiyone nodded as Mihoshi sniffled. Tenchi opened the light blue 
envelope and pulled a piece of paper from it. He unfolded it and
began reading aloud to the others, he himself on the verge of tears.

 

Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi-

 

 My friends. I know this seems rash and rather quick, but it had to be done. I 
am sorry to leave all of your smiling and caring faces behind.
But, I must continue my life, no matter where my road takes me. Please 
understand my side of the story...and remember that you are all with
me!

Always and forever. 

 

 Tenchi- I'll never forget your kind and caring eyes. And the way you laugh when 
it's genuine. Ayeka- We've had our ups and downs but hey,
what best friend's haven't? I know that together, we'll see things through and 
I'll carry this token of your friendship with me everywhere to
remind me of my home and family on Earth. Thank you.

 Sasami- though a child in physical form, you are truly the eldest of us all. 
Excluding Washu and Yosho. You all are on the same level. You
are a smart, mature and intelligent girl. Always remember who you are and never 
lose touch with your spirit. Kiyone- Times were tough for
us in the beginning. I know it was hard for you to allow yourself to be in the 
company of (at one point) a most wanted criminal. But, we've
thrown away our differences and become good friends. I appreciate the chance you 
gave me to prove my worth. Thanks, and keep up the
good work. Mihoshi- now there's a challenge. You are a very special person and 
the things you do, no other person could possibly handle.
Literally. We don't quite know what you're good at except for peacemaker and 
tear mender. When times were down and we were at each
other's throats, you managed to pull us together with one of you half-baked 
jokes or complaints. Thanks for all the good times we shared as
a family. All of you.

 Ayeka- The time has come for you to know the truth about a part of my past. It 
will be disturbing to you and he won't like the fact that I've
told... but I can't keep living in the shadow of our past promises. I just 
can't.

  Seven hundred years ago, on a planet called Jurai, there was a prince named 
Yosho. This prince was valiant, handsome and loyal to his
family, friends and empire. And along side this prince, was a young woman who 
loved that prince more than life itself. The prince returned
the woman's feelings and soon they had fallen in love. The prince and the young 
woman had vowed to keep their relationship a secret for
fear of what the Emperor would do should he find out that his son was in love 
with a commoner. A peasant girl. It didn't matter what their
feelings for each other were. They had to live and love in secrecy. One day the 
woman snapped and disappeared. A couple thousand years
later, she attacked Jurai and the royal family. Prince Yosho, was too stunned to 
see his love once again, let alone raise a hand against him
and his family. He fought and promised to free the woman of her current 
situation. Finally, Prince Yosho chased his loved one away from
Jurai and to Earth, where, against his heart and better judgement, he defeated 
her. But too afraid to take her back to Jurai for the fear of
her being executed by his father, the prince sealed his beloved in a cave. 
There, he kept her safe for hundreds of years in hopes that she
would return to him, the woman he had once loved and remembered. Time after 
time, the woman's spirit begged the prince to move on in his
life for the woman knew she'd never be free of the evil again. Reluctantly, the 
prince gave in and soon married. Years later, he had a
daughter, who in return had a son. The prince, though still mourning over the 
loss of his first true love, manifested a spark in his grandson
to release the woman in the cave so that she may be free. And so that she may be 
able to love the prince as she had before. But when the
time came for the grandson of the prince to release the woman, she refused. She 
wouldn't come out unless the prince agreed to forget her
all together. For what they had, had fizzled and died along with the woman's 
spirit. The prince waited ten more years before his once
forgotten love was finally released from the imprisonment he had concealed her 
in. Once free, the woman cherished the breeze in her face
and the chance to live once again. Along the way, she met some wonderful and 
unforgettable friends, but no matter how hard she tries, she
can never forget the prince. And that is why, the woman must continue to move on 
with her life.....

 

Ayeka was crying. Tenchi was shocked . Kiyone and Sasami were stunned at the 
revelation but accepted it and Mihoshi was trying to figure out
what the story had been about.

 

"Ayeka...I'm so sorry." Tenchi tried comforting her.

 

"So, it was Ryoko all along. Yosho did not go after her because she attacked 
Jurai, he went after her because....because he LOVED her." Ayeka
wept.

 

Tenchi slid an arm around the princess and calmed her down. Ayeka cried herself 
to sleep in Tenchi's arms that night.

___________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Washu sat on her cushion. Her eyes a vacant stare and her stare blank. She had 
heard every word of Ryoko's letter to Tenchi and the others. But,
Ryoko hadn't said a word about the scientist. She heard the story, the secret 
love of Ryoko and Yosho, and cried herself. She had never known
about them.

 

Suddenly, a screen popped up on her holo-computer. A familiar face appeared on a 
vid-window in the corner of the screen. 

 

"Washu?"

 

Washu looked up. She scrambled to her feet and leaned her hands against the 
giant screen.

 

"Ryoko?! Where are you? Why did you leave so suddenly? And what is the meaning 
of all this?" Washu asked, her voice tired and irate.

 

"Calm down. I can't keep living like that. I need my own life. To set my own 
pace, dreams and goals. I need to except that what happened to me all
those years ago was reality. And not some nightmare. Please understand. I want 
to be able to be my own person, not the shadow of another."
Ryoko replied.

 

Washu nodded. "I understand. But, even with my machines, you and Katsuhito were 
able to hide your past feelings. Why didn't you ever tell us?"

 

Ryoko sighed. "I didn't say anything back then because..." Ryoko trailed off.

 

Ryoko stared Washu in the eyes. "Washu- I'm going to tell you something that 
I've never told anyone before. No one but Yosho, but that was so
long ago when I told him the truth. You see..." Ryoko paused. She couldn't do 
it.

 

"Go on. I'm listening." Washu urged Ryoko to continue.

 

"Back before I came here to Earth, I was happy. With one exception. My father. 
He was constantly beating my mother up and every once in a
while, he'd vent his anger out on me. More often than not, I'd come out in worse 
shape than a dog that been run over. He didn't care, he never
stopped. But, my mother...was strong. She'd take it without flinching. And I 
can't remember just how many times my father would grab me and lay
into me, that she'd step in and fight him. There were many times, though. Many, 
many times. She never admitted to being afraid of him and why
we stayed with him, was beyond me. One night, I came home and all the lights 
were off. I didn't give a second thought to it, until, my father
attacked me viciously. I was able to escape and buy myself about three minutes. 
So, I ran. When I reached the second story of my house, I hid
inside a bedroom. My parents, to be exact. Do you know what I saw, Washu?" Ryoko 
stopped, the tears coming freely. 

 

"I saw my mother, tangled in the bed sheets. Once white with a crisp new smell 
and feel, had turned crimson red and reeked of blood. My
mother's blood. My father had shot her, and killed her. No one could live from a 
bullet hole in the heart and at point blank range. No one. Not
even my hero, my mother. I thought she'd live a long time. But, she was human 
after all. My father, captured me and tortured me and made me
commit crimes against my will. Yosho came after me when no one else would or 
could. Not my mother- she's dead. My father- good riddens.
Yosho-..... You know something else Washu. My mother told me something one time 
after my father beat her so bad that and I had snuck her into
the hospital - with mind you- Yosho's help. But she told me in the quietest hour 
of the dawn something that changed my life forever. She told me,
'Ryoko, you can't let your fears keep you from dancing on the moon.' She was 
never afraid of that murderous backstabbing bastard, and yet, she
never danced on the moon either. Her dreams went with her when she died. Yosho 
was the only one who listened and I loved him so much, I
vowed to never put his life in danger. So I kissed and never told. Nothing more, 
nothing less. This is something I've been meaning to do for a long
time. Good-bye, Washu. Please.....please forgive me. I never meant to hurt you."

 

Ryoko's image blinked off screen leaving a shaken and crying Washu behind in her 
empty lab. 'Her mother had died that night? Yosho was the
only one who cared? This is something she has to do? I don't understand.'

 

Washu's mind was a confused pool of mindless thoughts. She cried more than she 
had ever cried before. And it hurt, and yet it was a great feeling.
Every bit of anger, confusement, betrayal and neglect had ceased to exist in her 
mind and heart. But she would be strong, and she would carry on. 

 

******


Ryoko settled back into the pilot's chair of her ship. A small black crystal 
surfaced the floor and hovered before Ryoko. Two yellow eyes stared
at her. A pitiful cry came from the crystal drawing her attention.

 

"Yes, I know. But this is what I want Ryo-Ohki. Once we're there, and I'm 
settled, you may go back to her. Sasami will be lonely without you."

 

Ryo-Ohki 'miyaed' sadly. ' Why didn't you tell her, Ryoko? '

 

Ryoko glanced at the crystal. "I just couldn't. It wouldn't have mattered."

 

' Yes, it would have and it does. They care, she cares- he still cares. How do 
you think this will affect him? And her of all people? Ryoko why
didn't you?' Ryo-Ohki asked her mentally.

 

Ryoko narrowed her eyes. "Because she has obviously forgotten those times. And I 
should do the same, Ryo-Ohki. I shouldn't remember them."

 

Ryo-Ohki's face vanished as the crystal sunk back into the floor. Ryoko focused 
on the course they were traveling and sat back for the long
journey. 

 

' I still think you should have said something to her, Ryoko. Did it ever occur 
to you that maybe she was playing dumb so that she wouldn't hurt
you or scare you? And I'm staying with you, until the bitter end. Enough said. '

 

Ryo-Ohki's voice echoed through Ryoko's mind. ' Occur to you she was playing 
dumb, so as not to hurt you? Could it have been possible? ' Ryoko
thought the advice over. She shook her head.

 

"No. It wasn't possible or a ploy." Ryoko muttered under her breath.

 

She looked out at the stars. For so long they had been her only companion along 
with Ryo-Ohki. But unlike with the cabbit, Ryoko felt a strange
sense of security when she flew among the vast plain of stars. Sort of like a 
security blanket a child would carry around.

 

Ryoko smiled. Reaching to her side, she withdrew something from a small cabinet 
in Ryo-Ohki's deck. Ryoko bunched the object up in her arms
and clutched it tightly to her chest. Her baby blanket. She had managed to 
rescue it unscathed and in good condition.

 

Ryoko held it away from her face. It smelled of dust, age and secrets- and the 
once pale purples, blues, greens, and yellows had faded to an almost
almond color. 

 

"This thing could use a good washing or two." Ryoko mumbled.

 

She clutched the blankie to her again and soon fell asleep peacefully.

 

******

 

Two black pupils stared into nothingness. They squinted, then blinked and then 
narrowed with boredom. How traveling through space made him
sick.

The two eyes closed as their owner sighed. Reopening his black eyes, he stared 
at his reflection in the ship's window.

 

His long cobalt hair was tied back into a high ponytail at the top of his head. 
His body was muscular - his shoulder's broad. He frowned. He was so
close and yet so far away. But soon. Soon he would have the revenge he had so 
sweetly craved, for the past 3000 years.

 

Yes. Revenge was just the beginning. And when he had her head impaled on the 
flagpost of his ship, then victory would be his. How he had waited
for this moment for as long as he could remember. He could taste the blood, of 
his defeated prize, in the deepest section of his mouth and throat.

 

Something landed beside him on his shoulder. The man stared at the object 
through the window. A 'Merlin Hawk' was perched upon his left
shoulder, staring back at the man through the glass. The man raised a hand and 
rubbed the hawk's back.

 

"Eblis. What's the news?" The man questioned, his voice soft and strong.

 

Eblis watched his master with slit yellow eyes. "A figure with extraordinary 
powers has exited Earth's atmosphere"

 

The man narrowed his eyes and his head whipped around to face Eblis.

"Such bad news? Tell me what I want to hear, Eblis."

 

Eblis nodded. "It's not the one we seek, Master Taris. The energy signature is 
quite high and equal, but it is not the same. It's not her."

 

Taris nodded. "Good to hear. How much longer before we intercept the territory 
of the Sol System?"

 

Eblis cocked his head. "Approximately, 1 hour-22 minutes and 15.09 seconds. 
Should we jump hyperspace, our limit goes down to 35 minutes
and 6.5 seconds. But should you choose to jump, GP officials will most likely 
spot us. There are two stationed in the Sol System."

 

Taris rubbed his chin in thought. "Hmm...GP officers in the Sol System. Quite 
unusual, wouldn't you say?"

 

"Quite. But, rumor has it they are stationed there for protection of the First 
Crowned Princess Ayeka and Second Crowned Princess Sasami. The
princesses are obviously vacationing." Eblis explained smoothly.

 

Taris nodded. "Ahh, so that's why GP has this marked as their territory. Very 
well. Contact control center, and have them jump ahead by 3.1 light
years. We should be able to bypass any surveillance from GPHQ this way."

 

Eblis agreed and soon disappeared. Taris returned to his reflection and grinned 
maliciously. "Like I said....revenge is only the beginning. I'm
coming for you, Lieutenant General Hakubi. And you will pay, dearly."

___________________________________________________________

 

(End of Book A - Chapter One ~ Desiderata)

 

Author's Note: I guess all I can say is, please read and review. Flames are 
welcomed and will be replied too. If you have any suggestions or
trouble understanding something, please let me know. I will try my best to 
enlighten all those who are confused! Thanks =)

 



