Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or TM related characters. All I get out of 
writing these stories is the fulfillment of my demented fantasies. I also have 
no patent rights to the song 'Nothing Else Matters.' It is sole property of 
Metallica. I don't get fame, money, pride or power, so don't sue! Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* * *~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

    The Fifth Book Of

~ Heartstrings ~

 

* Book E~ Chapter V~ Learning To Forget *

 

Nothing Else Matters

 

So close no matter how far

Couldn't be much more from the heart

Forever trusting who we are

And nothing else matters.

 

Never opened myself this way

Life is ours, we live it our way

All these words I just don't say

And nothing else matters.

 

Trust I seek and I find in you

Every day for us is something new

Open mind for a different view

And nothing else matters

 

-Never cared for what they do.

-Never cared for what they know.

-But I know.

 

Trust I seek and I find in you

Every day for us is something new

Open mind for a different view

And nothing else matters.

 

-Never cared for what they say.

-Never cared for games they play.

-Never cared what they do.

-Never cared for what they know.

-And I know.

 

So close no matter how far

Couldn't be much more from the heart

Forever trusting who we are

No nothing else matters.

*********************************************************

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Ryoko stared out the window at the stars. She squinted into the darkness through 
the glass and frowned.

 

'The stars aren't glowing as brightly as they used to. They seem so desolate.'

 

She closed her eyes and leaned against the cold glass. Tears made their way down 
her pale face. 'Why do things always have to end like this?'

 

Her mind kept replaying the past three hours to her and no matter how she tried, 
she couldn't forget about them. As if nothing else mattered,
except for the past. She was still able to see the blood and the bodies. And the 
lifeless figures of her mother and Meiru.

 

* Flashback *

 

"Meiru hold on." Nagi had levitated the woman's head and was urging her to 
fight. 

 

Meiru weakly opened her eyes, her purple irises glossed with tears. Blood seeped 
through Nagi's hands as she applied pressure to the injured
woman's wounds. Meiru feebly smiled and dropped something red into Nagi's free 
hand.

 

"Watch over them, Nagi. As your responsibility as a GSFA officer and a bounty 
hunter. Protect........them." Her hand fell to her side. Her head
rolled to one side as she sighed her last breath with a weak smile on her face.

 

Nagi clutched the object Meiru had given her in her blood-covered hand.

 

"I promise, Meiru. I'll watch over them and protect them. As my duty, I will 
keep your promise and obey my sense of sensibility. Rest now, dear
friend. Your job here is down." Nagi whispered as a tear slid down her cheek.

 

Ryoko looked at Nagi and shook her head. From the look on the bounty hunter's 
face, Ryoko had confirmed her suspicions. They had lost Meiru.

 

The one who was on the enemy's team. The one who stood against Taris on the 
basis that what he had done to Washu was wrong. The one who
argued her case in Washu's defense about Taris' revenge. The one who sent 
messages to the GP relaying information on her liege.

 

Ryoko wiped away a tear. "The one who saved....us."

 

Nagi carefully lifted Meiru's body and walked off. That was the last that Ryoko 
had seen of her. Now, as she pleaded through the link with her
mother to wake up, Ryoko was beginning to feel that Washu would never wake up. 
Someone dropped down beside her.

 

"Sasami!" Ryoko asked, shock and fear on her face.

 

The princess looked at her and then at Washu. She slowly shook her head silently 
answering Ryoko's quiet questions.

 

"I'm sorry, Ryoko. There's nothing I can do for her now."

 

Ryoko looked down. Someone placed a hand on her shoulder causing her to jump. 
Yosho knelt beside her and wrapped his arms around her.

 

"We should get her some help right away." Yosho suggested as he gently picked 
Washu up in his arms. Ryoko followed behind him as the young
princess walked next to her trying to comfort her feeling of regret and sadness.

 

* End Flashback *

 

Ryoko opened her eyes and gazed once again at the stars. So much had happened in 
the past three hours, that she felt time had literally stopped.
But, watching the stars and her watch, she knew it wasn't possible. A flash of 
white drew her gaze and she spun around to see a young man standing
there.

 

Ryoko gave him a pitiful and yet, hopeful look.

 

The man shook his head dilatorily. "Ryoko."

 

"Traven? Is she....is she...." Ryoko couldn't form the words as she began to 
cry.

 

Traven put an arm around her shoulder. "Not yet. She's in ICU at the moment. 
She's still breathing, but barely, so that's a good sign."

 

Ryoko forced herself to nod. "What's wrong with her? Earlier, before she passed 
out, I saw her having difficulty breathing and she was holding her
chest as if her heart were going to burst out of it at any minute."

 

Traven tightened his grip on her. "Perhaps, we should discuss this somewhere 
else. You know, a little bit more privately."

 

Ryoko nodded and felt herself being led into another room.

 

"Ryoko?"

 

Ryoko turned her head and saw Yosho watching her uncomfortably. He shifted his 
violet eyes to Traven who just nodded. Traven released
Ryoko's shoulders and waited for her and Yosho.

 

Yosho took her hand and coaxed her into the small room.

 

"Please, Prince Yosho. Ryoko. Have a seat." Traven insisted.

 

Ryoko felt herself being eased into a chair.

 

"Ryoko, your mother has a weak heart. She..." Traven began to explain.

 

Ryoko interrupted him. "What do you mean a weak heart? As in, she needs a 
transplant?"

 

"No. Not quite. She has what's known as Mitral Stenosis. It's where the flaps of 
the mitral valve stick together, narrowing the valve opening. It
keeps the heart from receiving enough blood due to a defective heart valve. It 
can be corrected, though. It just takes time." Traven stated quietly.

 

"How can it be corrected?" Yosho's voice asked.

 

Traven nodded. "By surgery, of course. We'll just go in, separate the leaflets 
of the valve so that it stays open longer than what it has been. Or, if
the leaflets can't be sewn up, then we'll insert an artificial valve, or a 
caged-ball valve to act as the valve's leaflets. The latter idea, is more
sufficient."

 

Ryoko moved her head in a nod. 

 

"We just need you to sign the release forms and we'll get started." Traven 
chirped as he handed her a clipboard.

 

Ryoko stared at the clipboard and pen before signing her name to the bottom of 
the forms. "How long will it take?"

 

Traven tilted his head. "All depends on how bad the valve is and whether or not 
we have to substitute the real thing for an artificial one. It's all a
matter of time. But, we'll keep you posted."

 

Ryoko felt Yosho grip her hand and she nodded. Traven left the room as soon as 
he handed the clipboard back to him and hurried down the hall to
have Washu prepped for surgery.

 

"This friend of yours. Traven? He's a nice fellow." Yosho commented.

 

"Yes. He is. He's a really good friend of mine and I trust him with my mother's 
life more than I trust myself." Ryoko answered dryly.

 

Yosho 'hmmed.' "I trust you. And you should believe in yourself, Re."

 

"I can't. How can I trust in myself when I don't even believe in who I am."

 

Yosho squeezed her hand. "You will. Eventually."

 

Ryoko stood up and walked into the hallway where the others were waiting. She 
sat down in a chair a few rows away from her family. Yosho
watched her and then sat down beside his mother.

 

"Yosho? What's the news?" Funaho asked quickly.

 

He sighed. "Washu's heart is weak and defective. The doctor says that she has 
Mitral Stenosis. One of her heart valves isn't working correctly and
they're going in to try and either fix it or replace the valve. Hopefully, 
they'll succeed in the repairs."

 

Funaho agreed silently. <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-
microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />Azusa stared at his son with disdain.

 

"Yosho? What exactly are your intentions with Ryoko?" Azusa asked firmly.

 

Yosho's head came up. "What do you mean?"

 

"I mean, you came here to Jurai and stood up for her. You wouldn't let her go 
out alone and now you're giving her support. She is Jurai's worst and
most feared criminal. And you have the ordacity to mingle with her."

 

Yosho's eyes flashed with pure unadulterated hate. "Was. She WAS Jurai's 
attacker, and she may still be feared today. But it is you who have
struck that fear into their minds and hearts. Ryoko is a kind woman. She would 
never hurt someone unintentionally, unless they attacked her or
her family."

 

Azusa crossed his arms and 'hmphed.' 

Yosho pressed his debate farther. "She protected you. Mother. Jurai. And your 
blind followers father. You haven't even thanked her for her help.
She saved Ayeka and Sasami looks up to her. Her mother is lying in there dying 
and all you can think about is why I show her compassion and
support?"

 

"In a way. Ryoko has never once thanked us for allowing the statute of 
limitations to apply to her." Azusa tried to challenge back.

 

"No." Yosho stood up quickly and angrily. "She's grateful. But you wouldn't know 
because you feel hatred for her. Well, let me tell you something
father. I don't hate her. I never have."

 

"Then why did you request to chase her down when she attacked Jurai? You fought 
her and won, now don't tell me you didn't hate her." Azusa
cried.

 

Yosho smirked. "I went after her, because, I loved her. And I still do. She's 
all I think about during my day."

 

Azusa cut him off. "You mean to tell me that you love that creature?!"

 

"She's not a creature. Or a monster. You are. I've loved Ryoko since before I 
chased her to Earth. She and I used to meet every chance we could
outside the palace walls. We spent the whole day together when we could. I may 
have been betrothed to Ayeka, but my love was for Ryoko."
Yosho said.

 

Azusa dropped into his seat. He was about to argue more when Funaho glared at 
him.

 

"Yosho no longer lives under the Jurain house rules. He is free to choose 
whomever he sees fit. And if you think you can disown him because of
his love for Ryoko, then you mine as well disown me too. I knew of our son's 
relationship with her, and I was happy. And I still am." Funaho
stated.

 

Azusa stared at her. "You too?" He asked Misaki suspiciously.

 

Misaki twiddled her thumbs and remained silent.

 

"I don't believe this." Azusa whined.

 

Yosho nodded. "You don't have to believe it, father. Just accept the truth and 
go on about your life. You can't change the way I feel about her. I'm
sorry."

 

Yosho turned and walked towards Ryoko. Azusa and Funaho watched as he knelt to 
his knees and embraced a trembling Ryoko.

 

Azusa sighed and said not another word about it.

 

******

 

Ryoko felt stiff and tired as her eyes fluttered open. She sat huddled in a 
chair in the waiting room with Yosho allowing her to use his chest as a
pillow. She smiled.

 

'Good ole Yosho. He hasn't changed a bit.' Ryoko told herself.

 

Ryoko carefully slide from his embrace and wandered the hallway. She finally 
came to the nurses' station and leaned against the counter.

 

"Excuse me? Can you tell me whether or not Dr. Taylor has finished the surgery 
on Washu Hakubi?" Ryoko asked innocently.

 

The woman looked up some files on a nearby chart and nodded. "Dr. Taylor ended 
the surgery around 3 this morning. He wasn't able to save the
valve and he wanted me to let you know that there's a slight possibility, that 
Mrs. Hakubi's body will reject the artificial valve implanted into her
chest cavity."

 

Ryoko nodded deftly. "Is there anyway I can see her?"

 

The woman flipped a page and grinned. "Of course. If you are Ms. Hakubi, then 
you're the only one who hasn't visited her yet. Dr. Taylor says to
show you to her room when you woke up."

 

The woman got up and replaced the folder in a tray. "I'll show ya the way."

 

She followed the woman to the ICU room in which Washu was resting in. Ryoko 
poked her head in the door and looked around. 

 

The walls, sheets and curtains were a bright white. In the middle of the room 
was a single hospital bed. Underneath the covers, connected to many
machines, was Washu. 

 

Ryoko saw an IV inserted in Washu's arm, a tube connected to her nose and mouth 
and another machine that appeared to be attached to her under
her gown. Ryoko forced herself to walk into the room.

 

She pulled up a chair and sat down. Washu's breathing was shallow and she 
wheezed every now and then. Her face was ashen and Ryoko could
barely tell which was her skin or the sheets. 

 

Ryoko gripped her mother's hand tightly and laid her head on Washu's stomach. 
Her vision blurred as she felt warm tears resurfacing.

 

'Please, mom. Wake up. You can make it through this. Don't leave me just yet. 
Please.' Ryoko sent the message to Washu through their link.

 

She had hoped that she would somehow spark Washu's brain activity and get an 
answer, but nothing happened. She looked at the floor and allowed
her tears to pour down her face.

 

"Ryoko?" 

 

Ryoko looked up to see Funaho standing in the doorway. She quickly wiped the 
tears from her face and sat up.

 

"Lady Funaho. I didn't know there was anyone else coming up to see her. I can 
come back later if you'd like." Ryoko offered weakly.

 

Funaho crouched next to her chair. Pushing the woman's blue bangs from her face, 
she smiled and replied, "No. You should visit with her. I
actually came up for you. If you need someone to talk to, I'll be more than 
happy to listen."

 

Ryoko forced herself to smile. "Thank you, Funaho. I appreciate it."

 

"Anytime. And about last night, don't let what Azusa said get to you. He's a 
grump sometimes, but, he really is a kind man underneath that
exterior."

 

Ryoko smirked. "I know. I am grateful that Jurai allowed the statute of 
limitations to apply to me on my behalf. The freedom I have found is well
worth the 700 years of imprisonment. I owe you and Emperor Azusa that much."

 

Funaho shook her head. "No. You owe that much to Yosho. He went after you 
because Azusa gave the orders to track you down and apprehend you
so that you could be put on trial for your actions. Yosho lied to him about his 
reason of finding you. He's the one you should be grateful to."

 

"I suppose you're right, Lady Funaho. But, even after all the hell your husband 
put me through, I don't harbor any hatred for him or your people. I
was glad to help you out in your time of need. If only, Jurai could see that." 
Ryoko whispered as she hid her face.

 

Funaho put a hand on Ryoko's knees. "They will. On my honor, Jurai will know of 
the courage and risk that the Ex-Space Pirate Ryoko sacrificed
to protect our empire and our people."

 

Ryoko nodded. "Then, maybe the world won't be so quick to judge me and who I am. 
For they don't know me, but, I wish they did. Thank you."

 

Funaho gave her a small hug and left the room. Outside the door stood Azusa and 
Misaki. Funaho smiled at her husband and sister.

 

"See Azusa? I told you that Ryoko's intentions for helping Jurai were solely for 
the purpose of not being feared any more. And I do intend on
telling Jurai of her bravery and sacrifice. She risked her life to protect a 
whole planet that loathes the very thought of her existence. They will
know the truth." 

 

Azusa sighed but nodded. 

 

Funaho and Misaki started back for the waiting room while Azusa stood still.

 

"Azusa? Are you coming?" Misaki asked, her eyebrow raised in suspicion.

 

"You two go ahead. There's something I have to do first. I'll be there shortly." 
Azusa insisted.

 

He watched them descend down the hallway and then entered Washu's room.

 

Ryoko held her mother's hand in both of hers and was crying.

 

Azusa felt sorry for her and decided that he would make amends for his 
stubbornness.

 

Azusa pulled up a chair by Washu's bedside and wrapped an arm around Ryoko's 
trembling shoulders.

 

Ryoko jerked back afraid of what Azusa was planning to do.

 

Azusa tightened his grip gently. "There, there Ryoko. Dry your tears. How do you 
think Washu would feel if she saw you crying for her instead of
being the strong woman that you are?"

 

Ryoko froze. She turned her golden eyes to the emperor. "I don't know. And right 
now, I don't care. If I lose her, then I'll have no one else in this
world. She is the only family I have."

 

"Wrong Ryoko. You have us. Me, Funaho, Misaki, Ayeka and Sasami. And of course 
Yosho. And you shouldn't forget the others you lived with for
the past 8 years. They are your family too." Azusa corrected her sweetly.

 

Ryoko shook her head. "No. I can not call them family. I have not been there 
like family. The past five years, I wasn't there for them or with them.
Only the first three years after I was released had I been there with them. Back 
then, they were an extended family. But, Washu is my only real
family."

 

Azusa thought that over. "On the contrary, Ryoko. The royal house of Jurai, me, 
the queens, Yosho and the girls, they are your family. And we're
family connected through Sasami. She is my daughter, but she is also Tsunami, 
your mother's sister and your aunt. We are all connected by her."

 

Ryoko sighed. She knew he was right. But, still. "Washu was the only one there 
for me. When I was down or all the odds were against me, she was
there. She's my mother. And, through it all, she stood by me when no one else 
would because I was a monster."

 

Azusa cursed himself for ever appointing her as such a foul creature. For know, 
he saw what she really was. A lost and scared child pleading to be
remembered as someone innocent and good. She was alone, according to her 
standards, and all she wanted right now was the comfort of her
mother.

 

Azusa held back his tears. The tears she had cried for so many years. He moved 
his chair back and rose to his feet. Ryoko thought he was going to
leave but suddenly she gasped as she felt strong arms constrict around her 
midsection.

 

"Ryoko. I never meant to cause you so much pain and heartache. I know I was 
wrong for exiling you and for making my people believe that you
were a cold, heartless monster who killed for sport. They were all assumptions 
and you know what they say when you assume things, right?"
Azusa asked.

 

Ryoko shook her head, her body rigid from the shock of the hug. "No, I'm afraid 
I don't Emperor Azusa. What do they say about the word assume."

 

Azusa let her go and looked at her. She had a serious and yet stunned expression 
on her face as she waited for him to explain.

 

"If you assume, the you make an ass out of you and me." Azusa replied.

 

Ryoko felt the tears subside as she began to laugh. "That was a good one. Thanks 
Azusa. Your apology meant a lot to me. And you're right. I
shouldn't be the one crying, instead I should be the pillar of the whole 
situation. My mother made me to be strong, and I should show my
strength."

 

"No Ryoko. Your mother made you to be who ever you wanted to be. If your 
emotions are strong, then you'll be looked up to. But if your
emotions are weak, then you will comforted. She didn't make you to be a certain 
emotion. Like all children, your life consists of all types of
feelings." Azusa corrected.

 

Ryoko nodded slightly. "Yes. I think you're right. I am who I am, and who I am 
is who I am and who I wish to always be." She looked up at Azusa.
"The one who survived."

 

Azusa agreed with a big smile. He assured her that Washu would most likely be 
okay and that she should get some rest, but when Ryoko refused,
he relented. He said he'd check back in on her and that if she needed anything, 
to let him know.

 

Ryoko watched the man leave quietly and thanked Tsunami for allowing the events 
to go so smoothly. She had earned the forgiveness of Azusa
and in return had told him that she had always forgiven him since before her 
time of imprisonment. 

 

When he asked how she was able to forgive him, especially when he instituted so 
much hatred and fear in his empire of her, she simply smiled at
him and stated, "Because it's my nature. From my mother's heart came love and 
forgiveness. It's just......who I am."

 

Azusa had left shortly after that and now Ryoko was alone with her mother and 
her thoughts once again.

 

******

 

It was late by the time Ryoko had emerged from her mother's room in ICU. The sun 
had already set and the stars were out, but once again, she
thought they looked kind of dim. Like they were burning out and dying.

 

Ryoko saw the familiar back of one of her 'family' members. Though facing away 
from her, as the person was concentrated on the stars, she could
still tell who it was. She held her breath and tiptoed behind them. 

 

She wrapped her arms around the person's waist and leaned her head against their 
back. Snuggling closely to them she could smell the familiar
scent of Patchouli. Ryoko felt movement under her weight and stepped back.

 

A disappointed sigh came from the person as she let them go. Ryoko looked up to 
see violet eyes peering at her. The person opened their arms
just a bit and Ryoko went to them. She clasped her hands together behind the 
person's back and buried her face in their chest.

 

Strong arms held her tightly and the person rested their head atop of her's. 
Ryoko felt safe and warm in those arms now just like she had almost
800 years ago.

 

"Ryoko...."

 

Ryoko shifted her body some and looked up. She placed a finger on the person's 
lips and smiled. "Shh. I just want to remember us this way. We
can forget about our problems for now and just live in the moment of being 
together again. Things don't always work out the way we want them
to."

 

Yosho blinked a few times as she laid her head back down on his chest. 'I wonder 
what she meant by remembering us this way. And what did she
mean when she said things don't always work out the way we want them to?'

He pondered to himself as he held Ryoko.

 

He closed his eyes and nestled his head on her hers. He could smell the 
fragrance of Hawaiian ginger. It had been Ryoko's favorite before Kagato
had captured her, and Yosho couldn't help but remember their past together. 

 

"Yosho? Do you sometimes wish that you could go back in time and change things? 
I mean like, if you knew something awful was going to
happen, would you try to prevent it even if it meant that the path you live now 
may change or be lost forever?" Ryoko asked curiously.

 

Yosho was silent a few minutes before answering her. "No. The paths we have 
taken were out there for a reason, Ryoko. If we change our past, our
future changes to. If possible, I'd go back to the time we had on Jurai, but I 
would warn you and your mother about Kagato."

 

Ryoko listened carefully to his explanation. "I'd tell you that something bad 
was going to happen, but, if I were to stop Kagato from harming you
and Washu and if I could prevent him from taking control of you, then we may not 
be where we are today." Yosho answered simply.

 

"I wouldn't have met Tenchi." Ryoko pointed out.

 

Yosho frowned.

 

"And I wouldn't have met Ayeka, Sasami or Kiyone and Mihoshi. And, I may have 
never found out that my mother was still alive. Or that, I was
seen as a monster. I would have just been plain old Ryoko. No life, no adventure 
or fun." Ryoko paused and smiled at him.

 

"I don't think I could have lived like that. A normal everyday life. But, I've 
grown up and have changed. Now, I'd give anything to have an ordinary
life. Just me and my plainness. I'd have been happy settling down and having 
kids. Somewhat like Achika, I guess. But, had things not happened
like they did..."

 

Yosho tilted his head and waited for her to finish her story.

 

"Then you would have never married and settled down for an ordinary life. Achika 
would have never been born and she and Nobuyuki would have
never met. And if they had never met, then Tenchi wouldn't have been born. And 
without him in this life, we would have never met and become a
family."

 

Yosho couldn't agree more. "But, Ryoko. You still suffered so much under Kagato. 
Don't you wish that you could have at least avoided him?"

 

"Nope. Because if I did, then I wouldn't have such a wonderful family to keep me 
in line or to be there for me when I need them. I wouldn't trade
all the pain I went through for a pain free life. I fought hard to get where I'm 
at today, Yosho. And I'm thankful for that hardship everyday." Ryoko
added.

 

Yosho nodded. "Very well then. I can see your point and where you're headed with 
this. And....I don't wish for you to go."

 

Ryoko sighed heavily. "But, I have to. I have a responsibility. I can't just run 
out on it. It's a duty I have been obligated to finish. I can't forget about
it."

 

"You could. They would understand." Yosho argued back.

 

Ryoko turned from him. "NO! It's where I belong now. I started something, and 
for once I'm going to finish it. I'm sorry, but I just have to do this."

 

Yosho grabbed her arm. "You belong here, with us. We are your family, not them. 
Please Ryoko, let's just think about this. Just because you don't
finish something doesn't mean that people are going to degrade your character."

 

Ryoko jerked her arm from Yosho's hand. "But they will. I have nothing more 
keeping me tied to Earth. I have to forget about that time and place,
Yosho. Can't you see, my past is what's holding me back and keeping me from 
being with the things I love. I just want to forget about the past."

 

Ryoko paused and took a deep breath. "I want the past to forget me. I want to be 
my own person, not some shadow of what was. As long as I stay
around with my past, my spirit will never be free. I want a future. The normal 
life, not the fast lane. It's not me anymore. And the past can't offer
me that."

 

Ryoko looked at him. Tears were forcing their way to the surface but he was 
fighting the urge to let them go. She walked up to him and put a hand
on his cheek and wiped a thumb under his left eye.

 

"You should let all of the past go. We've had this conversation before. If you 
don't let the past go, then you can't move on in your life. Maybe, if
you cried a little more often......then your past will be easier to let go of. 
Let it all go, Yosho. Let me go. Just, don't think about it. Think of the
future to come."

 

She dropped her hand and spun around. She left Yosho alone in the hallway, tears 
dripping down his face.

 

Ryoko got around the corner before sinking to the ground. She hugged her knees 
closely to her and cried out all of her anger, frustration and
agony.

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Two ~

 

Ryoko looked back at the waiting room. It was early in the morning and everyone 
was asleep. She had waited by Washu's bedside a whole month
and still no reaction was indicated that her mother was even alive. Now, she 
allowed her gaze to travel over each member of her family.

 

Azusa, Funaho and Misaki were huddled together in a corner. Ayeka was using 
Tenchi's shoulder as a headrest. Sasami was curled up into a chair
across from her sister. Kiyone and Mihoshi both sat side by side, their heads 
leaning back against the wall. And Yosho, was no where to be seen.

 

Ryoko thought that he was probably off somewhere staring at the stars. Something 
she used to do for comfort during her days under Kagato.
'Maybe observing the stars helps him to. If so, then may they keep shining ever 
so brightly.' Ryoko whispered in her mind.

 

A tear made it's way down her chin and she reached up and swiped at it. It hurt 
her to leave like this, yet again. No one knew of her plans and she
had hoped it remain that way. 

 

Washu wasn't getting any better and try as she might, Ryoko found it harder and 
harder to visit her each day. For the past month, her visits had
dwindled down to about five minutes a day instead of the hours on end she used 
to spend next to her mother's bedside. Ryoko just couldn't take it
anymore.

 

And she hated to see her mother suffering so much. The same feeling a mother had 
when her child lay ill. And, she knew that Washu was hurting.
She could feel the pain and frustration sometimes across the link, especially 
when Washu was having one of her spasmatic attacks.

 

Ryoko couldn't keep her strong facade up any longer and she prayed for her sake 
as well as her mother's, that the choice she had made was right.
Ryoko walked out of the hospital into the docking bay. A shuttle had docked and 
was boarding passengers into its hold.

 

Ryoko's mind wandered for a bit before she boarded the shuttle. 'I wonder if my 
decision was right? And will mom hold a grudge to me for
making it. I just don't want to see her suffer any more that what she has been. 
She doesn't deserve it.' She thought worriedly.

 

She stepped into the shuttle and found a seat. Gazing out the window she closed 
her eyes. "Please, assure me that I made the right choice."

 

Her choice was of course to leave Jurai. But, she had been gone for a month, and 
she hadn't expected it to be so long. It wasn't until a telegram
arrived from Faun, that Ryoko realized how long her absent state had been. And 
she knew that she had to go back. It was her duty as a professor
and a person.

 

Ryoko opened her eyes. A month for any positive reactions from Washu was long 
enough. And she knew that her mother was never going to wake
up from her coma. It was just a feeling she had, had for a while now.

 

Her mind had been made up the day Faun's message arrived. Why keep putting Washu 
through so much pain and suffering? Why keep the family
waiting like they were for any good news? Why, even sit around watching your 
mother's life go down the drain, a drip of blood at a time?

 

Ryoko couldn't answer these questions and finally had decided to give in. She 
would ease her mother's suffering once and for all, and since she
was the only liable one there to sign any release forms or specific papers, she 
knew that no one could change the outcome of what was to come.

 

Before she left, Ryoko had signed the DNR papers requesting that should Washu 
stop breathing, they were not to try and resuscitate her. She
wanted her point of not making Washu suffer, to be made clearly. 

 

Ryoko hung her head. 'My choice was right. Better to let her go with peace than 
to have her go suffering.'

 

She felt the shuttle lurch forward and soon she was gazing at the stars as they 
passed by. She was heading to a nearby colony where Captain Korso
would personally meet her and take her back to Winblum, where she belonged.

 

Ryoko felt queasy for most of the trip, but she knew that it had something to do 
with her final decision. Oh, she knew that the others would blow
gaskets when they found out what she did, but she didn't care what they thought. 
She wanted Washu to be comfortable. Right then, nothing else
mattered.

 

******

 

"SHE DID WHAT?!?" Azusa shouted.

 

Traven stood there holding a sheet of paper and a form.

 

"The nurse said that she asked for the DNR papers about 2 this morning. Ryoko 
signed them, left a note and then left. She was seen boarding the
early shuttle for workers and guests. There's nothing I can do. I have to, by 
law, obey the DNR forms and honor her request. I'm sorry." Traven
replied.

 

"How could she do this? I thought she wanted more than anything to have Washu 
back." Tenchi stated absently.

 

"She did, Tenchi. But, seeing Washu suffer so much, it was hurting her to know 
that her mother was dying like that. If Washu's heart doesn't kick
in an accept the valve or the new medication we gave her, I have no other choice 
but to....solve her problem easily." Traven answered calmly.

 

Sasami glared at him. "You mean to pull her plug? Are you sure it was Ryoko that 
left that note? Surely she wouldn't request that you take Washu
off of life support."

 

"But she did. See for yourself. Both papers are signed with her signature and 
they match the signature here on the release forms she signed for
the surgery. In the past five years that I've known Ryoko, I've come to learn 
that she hates to see people suffer or to be in pain." Traven assured
them.

 

"You are right. Ryoko would give her left leg to make Washu's pain and problems 
go away, but, then she'd have to put up with the agony of
knowing that, that gave her mother the impression that she saw Washu as being 
weak. This way, Ryoko can ease her pain in her own suffering."
Yosho commented.

 

Funaho nodded her agreement. "Does anyone know where Ryoko went to?"

 

Kiyone looked at her feet while the others shook their heads no.

 

"Kiyone? You and Nagi were the ones who found her. Where was she located at?" 
Tenchi asked patiently.

 

"I can't say Tenchi. Knowing Ryoko, she's probably already relocated so that we 
can't find her. I'm sorry, but I can't help you." Kiyone apologized.

 

Yosho glanced at Traven. "You live in the same place Ryoko does. Where is she?"

 

"Prince Yosho, Ryoko's my best friend. I will not betray her privacy even if her 
mother's life depends on it. Even if you do find her, she won't
change her mind. Our only hope now, is that Washu's heart accepts the 
replacement valve. All we can do is wait." Traven stated coolly.

 

"Yeah. Three hours until your rounds are to be made. You're killing an innocent 
victim right along with Ryoko. You should be ashamed of
yourself." Sasami scolded him angrily. She turned around and stormed off.

 

Tenchi and the others watched her go.

 

"She really seems bent on this turn of events." Traven mentioned idly.

 

"That's because Washu was the one there for her when Ryoko left her behind. 
Sasami looked up to Ryoko, but then, Ryoko up and left and so she
started turning to Washu for support and distraction." Tenchi told him.

 

Traven nodded. "I see. Poor kid. But, still, there isn't anything I can do."

 

With that Traven turned around and left.

 

Azusa cut his gaze to his son. "Yosho? What were you and Ryoko arguing about the 
day Washu had her surgery?"

 

Yosho stiffened. "Nothing."

 

Funaho gave him a disgusted look. "Nothing huh? Then that would explain why I 
found Ryoko crying in the hallway that night, right?"

 

Yosho looked surprised. "Crying? She did not leave me that night crying. She 
left as if she had her mind made up. Nothing more."

 

"Well, she was crying her eyes out. When I asked her what was wrong, she got up 
and ran. Yosho, that girl had a scared look in her eyes. Now,
what happened?" Funaho asked again sternly.

 

Yosho sighed. "She came to me that night, she seemed in high spirits. She told 
me that she wanted to remember us the way we were. I asked her
about it and she mentioned that things don't always happen in the way we want 
them too. Then she asked me, if I would change any part of my
past."

 

"Your past?" Misaki questioned with confusment.

 

"Yes. Ryoko and I were together many times before Kagato's insanity drove him to 
use her as a puppet. We were very happy, she and I. I told her
that I'd warn her about Kagato and that I'd try and stop him from winning. But, 
she said that she wouldn't because if she did, then things wouldn't be
as they are now."

 

"So, basically, she said that she wouldn't have the life she has now were you to 
go back and fight Kagato for her freedom?" Kiyone inquired.

 

Yosho nodded. "Yes. She said that I would have never married, Achika would have 
never been born or married and hence, Tenchi would fail to
exist. And if Tenchi didn't exist, then none of you would be together now. She 
said that her life on Jurai would be dull and she wasn't looking for a
life like that."

 

"She didn't want to settle down, did she?" Tenchi asked his grandfather. "That's 
why she convinced you to move on with you life. To forget about
her. She wasn't ready for a normal life yet."

 

"Right. She wasn't ready. But, she told me that night, that, that is what she 
wanted more than anything. An ordinary life. She was blind before, but
now she could see what she desired. However, she says that her life was where 
she was at now, and that I was to let go of the past because it won't
change."

 

Yosho paused and looked at them. It seemed that even Mihoshi understood.

"She asked once again to forget about her, and that I should just let her go for 
good. That, my life is more important than her problems."

 

"And you're going to just let her walk away?" Azusa asked furiously.

 

Yosho and the others were shocked at his words. Azusa had hated Ryoko. Before. 
So what had changed him now.

 

"Father. I'm afraid hat there is nothing I can do to make Ryoko change her mind 
about the way I feel about her. Nor will she listen to her own
feelings. She says that she has a duty to fulfill and we are not listed under 
the required, 'people to know' list to finish what she started." Yosho
retorted.

 

Azusa gave him a gruff look. "Fine. But, don't come crying to us when you 
realize that your happiness has just walked out on you even though you
had a chance to retrieve it." Azusa left the small group hurriedly.

 

"Maybe he is right." Yosho muttered.

 

"No. In a situation like this, no one is ever right. All you can do is follow 
your heart." Mihoshi babbled clearly.

 

"Mihoshi's right. You just have to............" Kiyone blinked and then stared 
at her partner. "Did you guys just hear what I heard?"

 

"Oh! What did you hear Kiyone? Was it an ice-cream truck? I've been craving some 
ice-cream for the past week." Mihoshi commented.

 

Kiyone's face fell. "Nope. I was wrong."

 

Mihoshi had run down the hall searching for the 'ice-cream truck' but without 
any luck. Kiyone muttered something and ran after the air-headed
blonde.

 

"Brother, I think Mihoshi was right. Just listen to you heart. And knowing 
Ryoko, she's probably listening to hers right now as well." Ayeka
assured.

 

Yosho smiled at her. He walked to the window and stared out at the stars. 
"You're probably right, Ayeka. You're probably right."

 

******

 

Ryoko stepped off the shuttle and looked around. The sun was just beginning to 
light up the docking bay as she settled herself at a table inside a
small cafe. Many travelers had sat down and ordered breakfast or coffee while 
they waited for the next shuttle to arrive.

 

Ryoko ordered a cup of hot chocolate and sat back down at her table. Her eyes 
were busy scanning the many faces, that, she didn't realize that
someone had sat down beside her in the next chair. She heard a rustling of 
papers and looked up. A middle aged man sat there reading a newspaper
at her table.

 

Ryoko was about to get up when the newspaper lowered and a sing songy voice 
asked, "You ready, or does your death grip on that mug have first
dibs on your attention?"

 

Ryoko stared at the man and smiled. "Actually, my fingers are about to have a 
death grip on your throat if you keep that up."

 

The man stood up and folded his newspaper. "Is that so?"

 

Ryoko nodded. "Absolutely. I don't like it when scumbags like you think you can 
score a date with someone of my class."

 

The man smirked. "I never remember stooping as low as to score a date with 
someone in a mental retardation classification. Sorry, doll."

 

Ryoko reached over and playfully punched him. "Why you little...!"

 

The man grabbed her hand and kissed it. "It's good to see you again, Lady Ryoko. 
Now, you're shuttle awaits."

 

Ryoko giggled as she followed the man out to the docking bay.

 

"So, was Faun really that mad, Armon?" Ryoko asked with concern.

 

Armon Korso looked at her. "Faun? Mad? Like a hippo with a hernia. Nah. She was 
just worried that something had happened to you. Then she saw
the bulletin that the Empress Funaho posted all over the universe telling 
everyone of your courageous deed in saving Jurai. She also mentioned
Washu."

 

Korso saw her flinch slightly. "So, is the universe's greatest scientific genius 
really your mother?"

 

Ryoko remained silent. After a few seconds of being deep in thought, she 
answered, "Was. And yes."

 

"Was?" Korso repeated.

 

"Yes, was. She hasn't gotten any better. She's still in the coma she slipped 
into last month. I requested that Traven turn her life support off. I don't
want to see her suffer any more." Ryoko replied meekly.

 

"You want her to go peacefully, then?" Korso quizzed.

 

Ryoko nodded. "Yeah. Do you think me wicked, for doing such a thing?"

 

"No. It is out of love for her that you are taking her off life support. Not 
wickedness or the chance to see her grovel in pain like she is. It's a
satisfactory decision. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise." Korso ensured.

 

"Thanks Armon. You may be the only who agrees with me on that."

 

Korso nodded. "No problem. Now, what do you say we go home? Everyone is anxious 
to see you again."

 

Ryoko agreed and climbed aboard his shuttle. Seconds later, they were on their 
way to Winblum. When they got there, Ryoko noticed a few
guards standing at the entrance of the docking bay. She stole a glance at Korso 
and noted that he was smiling a bit.

 

When Ryoko and Korso landed, the guards quickly surrounded the ship.

 

"What are they doing? What's going on?" Ryoko asked, her tone perplexed.

 

"Don't rightly know, Ryoko. Come on. We should probably find out though." Korso 
suggested as he led her off the cruiser.

 

As she stepped down onto the ground, she heard someone yell, "HORRAY!" And as if 
someone split a dam, people came rushing forth to greet
her.

 

Ryoko tried to get away from the crowd but found that there was no where to run, 
so she stood there and endured the welcoming party.

 

Finally, Faun approached her. "Welcome home, hero."

 

Ryoko smirked. "If this is for returning, I know a certain regent who will be 
peeling dead skin off from a power burn."

 

Faun nodded. "Then I look forward to it, Ryoko. Come. Someone awaits you."

 

Faun led her through the noisy crowd into the streets. More people lined the 
sidewalks and waved at her but her eyes were locked on something
else. More or less, someone else. Ryoko felt her knees go weak but forced 
herself to continue.

 

Faun led her and the mystery person up the stairs of the city hall and into her 
office.

 

"Please, sit down. Both of you." Faun insisted.

 

Ryoko sat down heavily and watched the other person do the same.

 

"It has been brought to my attention, Ryoko, that your mother was mortally 
wounded in the battle with the enemy." Faun stated airily.

 

"My mother was the enemy, Faun. She was the one who destroyed Alpha-Centauri and 
Eridanus. She caused so much havoc and in the end, she
paid for it. I don't really care to discuss the events, so please, just drop the 
subject." Ryoko pleaded weakly.

 

"But your mother was not at fault, Ryoko. It was the same situation as when 
Kagato controlled you. Taris was manipulating her, can't you see that?
She was never really the enemy." The person beside her shouted curtly.

 

Ryoko turned to the person and sneered at them. "Says you. You walked away. You 
didn't even care that Washu lay dying in my arms. You left.
Just like you did all those years ago, when my mother needed help. You abandoned 
her. How could you have the guts to show your face again?"

 

The person rose to their feet. "Because it's my duty. I promised I'd protect you 
and Washu. But, there was something I had to take care of first.
And besides, this belongs to your mother. But, I think you deserve to have it."

 

The figure dropped something in her lap. Ryoko picked it up and examined it. It 
was a small heart hanging on a rusty chain. The charm was a
rusty-red color and was chipping. Ryoko cocked her head at it and then stared at 
the person. 

 

"What is this?" Ryoko asked, a look of profound shock on her face.

 

The person knelt down and gazed at Ryoko with their red eyes.

 

"The locket that Washu gave to....Meiru. She asked Meiru to find you, although, 
Washu never specifically stated your name. Meiru gave that to me
before she died and asked me to return it. I have. It needs to be cleaned, of 
course. If you soak it in warm water and soap, the blood will come
off."

 

"Blood?!" Ryoko screeched.

 

"Yes. Blood. Her blood. You should consider it a sacrifice, Ryoko. Meiru died 
for you and Washu. Her heroic death was just a starting point. Her
name is inscribed in that locket forever, because she shed her blood on it's 
gold. Always, remember the one who turned sides and died for you."

 

The figure started for the door when Ryoko called out to them.

 

"Wait. If you promised you would protect my mother and me, then where are you 
going? My mother is dead. I am not. I wish for you to stay here.
You can enjoy the beauty this place has to offer. I know that you have no other 
place to go. Don't walk out on it now, not with the promise of so
much."

 

Ryoko paused as the figure turned to her.

 

"Please, Nagi. Your life as a bounty hunter has come to its end. You can't be a 
protector and a hunter at the same time. You have to make a choice.
And I am asking you, for all the help that you have given my family and I, to 
stay. You'll be welcomed here. And....this is where you belong. With
friends."

 

Nagi glared at her. "I can't Ryoko. I may have promised Meiru to watch over you, 
but I don't have to be here to do that. I'll always have my eye on
you. So, don't do anything I wouldn't do."

 

"I didn't run away." Ryoko blurted out.

 

Nagi froze in her tracks. "Yes, you did. You ran away from your family and 
friends. You turned your back on them, and on your mother. So, don't
tell me that you didn't runaway, dammit. Because, you've been running all your 
life. You have always been running, Ryoko. You still are and
always will."

 

Nagi quickly left the room and Ryoko sat back down, shock written on her face.

 

"She's right. I betrayed my mother, my friends. Myself. How could I have been so 
blind?" Ryoko wept shyly.

 

Faun embraced her and tried to calm her down. "No, child. You may have run from 
your past, but it's behind you now. You have your future to
look forward to. You should be happy, that at least you could have a future. 
Some aren't so fortunate. And many don't live long."

 

"Like my mother. I never really gave her a chance. I killed her before she could 
prove to me that she still had a future to live. I just don't believe
that I didn't see it before it was to late." Ryoko mumbled.

 

Faun hugged her tightly.

 

Ryoko eased from her grip and stood. "Faun, I thank you for the welcoming 
committee, but, right now, I just want to be left alone. I'm going
home. Please tell Miko that I'll be in class on Monday."

 

Ryoko walked from the room with her head down and heart in her stomach.

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Three ~

 

Ryoko rolled over and groaned. The sun crept through her drawn shades onto her 
face. She turned and placed the pillow over her head. Minutes
later, a steady rooster crow brought her straight into a sitting position.

 

"Damn alarm clock." She grumbled as she fumbled for the off switch. Not being 
able to find the button, Ryoko picked it up and smashed it on top
of her nightstand. Pieces of red plastic and glass lined the surface and the 
floor. Ryoko threw her covers back and sat with her legs dangling over
the edge.

 

Finally forcing herself to get up, she showered and got dressed. Yawning 
uncontrollably, she shuffled to the kitchen and fixed a cup of tea. She
managed to sit down safely and hit the power button of the remote to turn on the 
small television on the kitchen counter.

 

She flipped through the channels until she found the morning news. Ryoko cradled 
her chin in her hand and watched the news reports. She sighed.
It was the same old things they reported yesterday morning.

 

'Suspects in robbery of a bank on Ceres were caught and charged.'

'The Ambassador of Leera announced his retirement.'

'The Nadab Stock Market went up 25.3%'

'And storms on nearby colony Ithamar totaled up to 1.6 Billion dollars in 
damage.'

 

Ryoko yawned and turned the television off. She put her cup in the sink and went 
to fix her hair. She stared at her reflection in the bathroom
mirror and ran her past events through her head.

 

'It's been a year since mom died. I haven't heard from Tenchi or the others, so 
they must have given up on finding me. Nagi has kept an eye on me,
but she stays away from Winblum. I heard Meiru had been buried on her home 
planet, Vintrel, which ironically happens to be Nagi's home planet
as well.'

 

Ryoko smirked. 'How would of thought that Meiru and Nagi had been childhood 
friends? I certainly didn't have a clue. But, Meiru's resting
peacefully, where she belongs.'

 

Ryoko ran a brush through her waist length hair. 'I am somewhat still the same. 
My hair is no longer cyan, but a medium blue with darker blue
highlights. I wanted a change. My eyes are still the same feral gold. But, 
lighter. My eyes hold all my emotions, and have since dulled quite a bit.'

 

'I've grown an inch. Willpower I assume was behind that one. I put on a pound a 
two, but it's nothing horrible. I'm still in the apartment I've dwelled
in for the past six years. Just, with new neighbors. I heard old Mrs. Quinn 
finally keeled over and passed on. Her funeral was nice. It rained,
though.'

 

'As for my teaching career...I'm having the time of my life. I've become the 
Dean of the Astronomy Department. Lani was fired after she got into
a fight with Miko and some other head-hancho member. Grey, I believe his name 
was. Anyway, I lead that department while I still teach on the
side.'

 

Ryoko tied her hair back into a loose ponytail that hung down her back. 'Of 
course, most of my students have graduated. And new faces have
re-entered my life. Very little has changed on the outside of my character. The 
statue of me in the square was modified. Now you can tell that it's
a statue of myself.'

 

'Some new businesses have gone up, while some have come down. They took my 
favorite cafe out a few months back and now a beauty parlor is in
its place. Faun has retired as regent. That was a sad day for all, but many 
rejoiced.'

 

'Her great-granddaughter, the former Captain of the Police Unit, AuLaura Danyon, 
has ascended as the regent now. Things are under way with
overseeing production, but, it's still sad to be walking down the street and see 
Faun perched on a park bench feeding the birds.'

 

'Traven never came back. Rumor has it that he got offered a job on Jurai as a 
doctor in the hospital Washu died in. But there has also been word
that he was recently married and that he settled down with a wealthy girl. Yuri 
won her case against her ex-husband to custody rights for Ikera.'

 

Ryoko paused and put her makeup on. 'Ikera turned 18, and she's happy that she 
won't have to be pulled between her mother and father anymore.
The guy she's been dating for the past year finally asked her to marry him. She 
accepted. They get married next summer and I can't wait.'

 

'Miko has slowed down a bit. I think her age is getting to her. But, she can 
still haul ass when she's late for her soaps. I never really heard much on
Kari except that she was never accused of purposely killing her father the night 
he murdered her mother. I think she's living somewhere on
Jybera. I'm not sure.'

 

'And of course, Winblum has prospered greatly. Armon Korso, the big lug, is 
still the Chief of Guards at the docking bay. They haven't quite
gotten back to offering referred licenses to visitors, but it seems the few the 
better. I guess my life can't get any better than this and I'm happy
where I am.'

 

Ryoko turned the bathroom light off and stood before her full-length mirror in 
the corner of her room. She ran a slim hand over the white short
sleeved button up shirt and down the short black skirt. Satisfied with her 
appearance, she grabbed the black jacket off a chair and her purse and ran
out the door.

 

As she waved down a taxi she finished her thoughts. 'Yes. I'm perfectly happy 
here on this small planet. I'm a Dean and a professor, just like you
mom and I'm making a great living and I enjoy what I do. In fact, I'm giving a 
lecture in an hour in the planetarium on Halley's Comet.'

 

'It'll be so much fun, for them and myself as well. I love teasing the boys I 
have in my class with something they'll never have. Me. And you know
that I get it all from you, mom. But, I know you'll be watching me from up 
there. You'll hold your hands over your heart and say, 'That's my Little
Ryoko!'

 

Ryoko stepped out of the cab, paid the driver and walked up the steps to the 
front of the Academy. Today was going to be a glorious day, she
could just feel it. She'd give her two-hour lecture, have the hour lunch with 
Yuri and Ikera, and then conduct the second two-hour lecture
afterwards.

 

Ryoko slipped into her office and put her purse down on the desk. She sat down 
in the big chair and pulled open a file. She read the name off the
front of the paper and smiled. 'Akima Murasaki.' When she had returned, everyone 
knew her as Ryoko. So, she stopped going by Akima.

 

Ryoko tore the folder in two and tossed it into the trashcan. She leaned back 
and sighed, "Another year under the belt. I've had 313 pretty goods
so far. The Mondays sucked." 

 

A giggle came from the doorway. She looked up to see Ikera and Yuri laughing at 
her. Ryoko quirked an eyebrow and shook her head.

 

"What's up you two?" Ryoko asked cheerfully.

 

Yuri sat down in the chair on the other side of Ryoko's desk, and Ikera perched 
herself on her mother's knee.

 

"Nothing much. Just wondering if you were still on for tomorrow night. You know, 
the concert?" Ikera pointed out.

 

Ryoko grimaced. "Right, the Limp Bizcuit concert. I'm still looking forward to 
it, Ikera. Don't worry. If all things go well, I'll pick you up
tomorrow night at 6:30 sharp. Promise."

 

Ikera nodded happily. "Great, thanks. Well, class is about to start so I guess I 
better get going. Oh, and professor Hakubi? I'm looking forward to
your lecture on Halley's comet today after lunch. I can't wait." 

 

Ryoko could tell she was being sarcastic but nodded all the same. Ikera bounded 
out of the room and down the hall. Ryoko and Yuri stood up and
stared at each other. 

 

"So, how was your date last night?" Yuri finally asked.

 

Ryoko stuffed a folder into the briefcase that sat open on her desk. She closed 
the lid and snapped it shut. "I didn't go." She replied.

 

Yuri stared at her. "YOU DIDN'T?"

 

"No. I just couldn't. Past memories I guess, they held me back. Sorry." Ryoko 
apologized.

 

Yuri shook her hand back and forth. "Don't worry about it. Grey didn't seem too 
upset that you skipped out on the blind date thing. He doesn't
exactly know it was you, right?"

 

"Wrong. I called him and told I had to cancel. I didn't explain why, but he said 
he understood. He said that he had the same idea of calling me and
canceling, but because he didn't know who I was, he couldn't." Ryoko added 
nonchalantly.

 

Yuri sighed. "Oh. So, you're not interested him, then?" 

 

"Define interested? He's a good guy, and his looks are okay. He's smart and he 
appears to be funny. So, what's interested to you?" Ryoko asked.

 

"Well, do you like him, like him. In that sort of way?" Yuri tried again.

 

Ryoko started giggling. "He's all yours."

 

Yuri's face lit up. "Really? Thanks. I guess I'll see you at lunch. Bye!"

 

Ryoko watched her friend shuffle out of her office and to her class. She smirked 
and picked up her things.

 

"Time to tease the boys. Ah, the highlight of my days." Ryoko sang to herself as 
she headed for the planetarium.

 

******

 

The two hour lecture went as expected. And just as she had expected, many of the 
young men got nosebleeds. And oh, were they so cute when
they blushed and stuttered when asked to answer a question.

 

Ryoko sat down at a table and looked around. Everything seemed in place and 
nothing out of the ordinary was happening. But, still, Ryoko
couldn't shake the feeling that something big was going to happen later on.

 

Yuri and Ikera soon made their way to the table and sat down across from Ryoko. 
She greeted them cheerfully and picked up a bottle of water.

 

"Hey-Professor Hakubi?"

 

Ryoko looked up to see a young man with black hair and gentle green eyes 
standing at the end of the small table.

 

"I loved your lecture on the comets. Was it true that people actually thought 
the comet was going to destroy the Earth?" He asked genuinely.

 

Ryoko put her water down. "As a matter of fact they did. People considered 
comets deathly threats to their culture and lives. However, Edmond
Halley relinquished their fears when he proved that comets don't fall anywhere. 
But more or less travel a path around the planets."

 

The boy nodded. "It must have been hard for them when they were proved wrong, 
huh?"

 

"Perhaps. But everyone makes mistakes." Ryoko answered quickly.

 

The boy quirked an eye and then walked off.

 

"I take it that your lecture went well?" Yuri questioned.

 

Ryoko smiled. "Quite. I sent out about 12 boys with nosebleeds in the first 
half-hour. It just gets better and better." Ryoko sighed. "However, he
was one of the few that got away without torture."

 

Yuri and Ikera laughed at her. Ryoko shrugged and finished her water. Soon she 
and Ikera were headed for the planetarium. Ikera took a seat in the
front row and before long students began to pile in to the seats. She watched 
them all with wonderment. Everyone loved Ryoko's lectures, oddly
enough.

 

Ikera settled into her chair as the doors closed and some of the major lights 
dimmed leaving only a small bit of coloration on Ryoko as she began
her lecture. Ikera watched with growing curiosity.

 

Ryoko pulled a laser pointer from the front pocket of her white lab coat. On the 
front it had 'Prof. Ryoko Hakubi' in bold gold letters trimmed in
blue. In some places there were faint stars and moons depicting that she 
belonged to the Astronomy Department. Ryoko smiled and began to
speak.

 

"Good afternoon. I'm Professor Hakubi and this is Halley's Comet, 101. Today 
we're going to go beyond the beliefs of astronomers and Mr.
Halley himself. We'll learn of the comet that was discovered by Edmond Halley 
and the other numerous comets discovered years later." Ryoko
stated firmly.

 

"Okay, let's begin. First off, Edmond Halley, was an English astronomer who was 
born in London in 1656. He discovered the comet we now know
today as 'Halley's Comet.' Before Halley's investigations, many people believed 
that comets appeared by chance and traveled in no set path."

 

"But Halley believed that comets belonged to the solar system and took definite 
paths around the sun at regular intervals. Some of his studies
included the paths taken by comets discovered in 1456, 1531, and 1607. They were 
also proven to have the same path as the comet of 1682."

 

"It was decided that the same comet of 1682 made all these paths and he 
correctly predicted that it would reappear again in 1759 and regularly
thereafter. Records show that Halley's comet dates back to 240 B.C. and it 
appears every 76 to 79 years."

 

Ryoko paused and pointed the red laser beam to the sidewall behind her. 

 

"As you can see, this is the path taken by Halley's comet. It was seen in 1910 
only 55 million miles from the sun. In 1909, it was photographed at
300 million miles from the sun. In May of 1910, the comets head was as brilliant 
as the two brightest stars."

 

"Its great tail stretched about two-thirds the distance from the horizon to 
directly overhead. Halley's comet went as close to Earth as 14 million
miles on May 20, of 1910. On the next day, the Earth is believed to have passed 
through the comet's tail."

 

Ryoko hit a button on the podium and the screen changed screen. She re-pointed 
at a new picture.

 

"This is a photograph of Halley's comet. And this is the orbit of the comet. As 
you can see, the tail always points away from the sun while orbiting
on its ellipse. Halley's comet is probably the best known comet to be 
discovered."

 

Ikera listened to Ryoko's lecture and before she knew it, she had only 20 
minutes left to go. Ryoko made her lectures so interesting and every
time a boy had to be excused, the entire class laughed. Ikera found in insane at 
how Ryoko was able to make every guy oogle.

 

Except the one from lunch today. Ikera shrugged it off and sank into her chair. 
A small flash of light came from the back of the room and Ikera
turned around slightly. She saw the shadow of a person move to the back and sit 
down.

 

Ryoko noticed it too, only she saw more than just a couple. She counted eight 
figures entering during the last 20 minutes of her lecture. She
wasn't in the least bit to say happy because they were late and she would make 
sure that they would know of her disappointment.

 

Ryoko turned her attention back to the projection screen. 

 

"Scientists believe that the nucleus of a comet consisted of tiny solid 
particles held together loosely by gravitation. But yet, the nucleus most
likely consists of frozen gases and water mixed with dust particles."

 

A student in the front raised his hand.

 

"Yes, you have a question on all of this?" Ryoko asked eagerly.

 

"Professor Hakubi, I thought astronomers today claimed that the nucleus 
resembled a dirty snowball that was formed in the cold, distant regions
of the solar system?"

 

Ryoko nodded as the boy sat down. "Yes, they did. And they probably still see it 
as that today. However, it has been proven that they are not loose
particles but gases frozen together in space. Now, who can tell me what kinds of 
gases are used to make the nucleus of a comet?"

 

A girl rose to her feet in the back. "Professor, I do believe the four gases 
discovered in the nucleus would be ammonia, carbon dioxide, carbon
monoxide and methane. The gases and water make up 70 to 80 % of the mass of a 
comet."

 

"Very good." Ryoko stated proudly. "The remaining 20 to 30% may resemble 
meteoric particles. Which consists of fine grains and larger chunks
of minerals and rocky material."

 

Ryoko switched the screen once again.

 

"As a comet approaches the sun, the outer layers of the icy nucleus begin to 
evaporate. This evaporation releases dust and gases which form the
what around the nucleus?" Ryoko pointed a student in the back.

 

"The evaporated gases and dust form the coma around the nucleus, Professor."

 

"Excellent. Who knows the diameter of the coma?" Ryoko inquired.

 

A young girl in the front stood up. "The coma usually is as large as 1 million 
miles or 1.6 million kilometers. The coma also makes up the comets
head."

 

Ryoko nodded. "Yes, it does. Can you imagine being in the center of, let's say, 
an ocean and its diameter was a million miles wide? I'd say that you
had either be an Olympic swimmer or you best have a row boat."

 

Most of the students laughed. Ryoko leaned against the podium and switched off 
the projection screen. A pattern of stars and planets formed over
head.

 

"Space, can be quite an adventure if you go out an explore it. Each and every 
one of you have the potential to be a great Astronomer, Astronaut, or
a Scientist. But, to do so, you must first learn of the ways and the demands of 
space." Ryoko spoke seriously.

 

She leaned back and switched on the overhead lights.

 

"I want you all to remember that as you go back to your dorms or homes tonight. 
And I want you to think about it as you're reading chapters 7
through 9 as well."  Ryoko instructed.

 

Groans came from all corners of the room.

 

"Now, now. Do you think Edmond Halley or Sir Isaac Newton complained about a 
little homework assignment?" Ryoko asked devishly.

 

From in the back of the room someone shouted, "No. Because back then school and 
homework were optional. And easy!"

 

Ryoko sighed. "Or so one would think Mr. Mathis. Read the assignment. Your final 
exam will be on your reading assignment and on what you
have learned today. If you didn't pay attention, then I'll see you next 
semester."

 

Students filed out of the planetarium and into the hallways. The day was finally 
over and Ryoko was glad that she could go home. Someone
stepped onto the platform beside her.

 

"That was a great session, Ryoko. Thanks for letting me sit in on it." Ikera 
chirped. 

 

"Don't mention it. Anything to get you out of the final exam in math class until 
tomorrow, right?" Ryoko teased.

 

"WHAT?! You mean I still have to take cranky ol`e Mrs. Hester's test? Shit. Why 
didn't you say something earlier, huh? I would have spent the
whole lecture studying." Ikera fumed.

 

"Nope. In my class, no student studies for another teacher's exams. You know 
that, Ikera. My students are the best in this academy. Why? Because
if they didn't read the assignment or do their homework that night, they do it 
during lunch. And they don't sleep in my class either. That's why." 

 

Ikera sighed at the reprimand. 

 

"I know your students are the best. Every year they graduate top of their class 
with honors. You don't have to rub it in." Ikera whined.

 

Ryoko shook her head as she closed her briefcase. "Would you like some cheese to 
go with that wine?"

 

From behind her, Ryoko heard the cheerful question. "Cheese?"

 

Ryoko chuckled. She stood up and turned the ceiling projection off. Someone off 
stage cleared their throat. 

 

"Um, excuse me. Professor Hakubi?"

 

Ryoko spun around and stared at the person who addressed her. She dropped her 
briefcase and gasped.

 

Ikera cocked her head behind her and quirked an eyebrow. 

 

Ryoko felt her knees go weak as she tried to speak.

 

"H...how? Wh...why?" Ryoko could only stutter.

 

She felt the room start to spin and she placed a hand to her forehead. She 
closed her eyes and reopened them slowly, but the figure was still
standing there.

 

"Hello again, Ryoko."

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Four ~

 

Ryoko's jaw dropped. Silence hung heavily in the air as she backed against the 
wall.

 

"It's not possible. How'd you find me, yet again?" Ryoko finally asked.

 

Yosho stepped forward. "It wasn't easy, believe me. But, I was able to track you 
down with Ryo-Ohki's help."

 

Ryoko noticed the cabbit on his shoulder and glared at her. "Damn traitor."

 

Ikera giggled. 

 

"Hey- shutup! This isn't funny, Ikera. I didn't want to be found." Ryoko 
grumbled miserably.

 

"So, I noticed. Why did you run from me, Re?" Yosho walked up on the stage and 
smiled at her.

 

He faced Ikera and nodded. Ikera nodded back. 

 

"Hey, aren't you that Prince from Jurai?" She asked curtly.

 

"Ikera, not now." Ryoko interceded.

 

Ikera crossed her arms and pouted. "But, Ryoko. He's a Jurain. He doesn't belong 
here."

 

"I said not now, Ikera!" Ryoko said through clenched teeth.

 

Ikera noticed her hostility and backed off.

 

"So, I see that you have retreated to a place that does not except Jurain 
nobility with open arms, Ryoko."

 

She hung her head and sighed. "Please, Yosho, just go home. I want to be left 
alone." Ryoko whispered.

 

"Right now. Being left alone is the last thing you need." Yosho whispered.

 

"Ryoko?" Ikera spoke softly.

 

Ryoko didn't hear her as her vision was concentrated on Yosho.  She kept her 
golden eyes trained on the man standing before her.

 

"Don't I at least get a hug?" Yosho asked jokingly.

 

Ryoko frowned at him. "Why should I do something like that? How do I know that 
you won't knock me out and drag back to them?"

 

Yosho chuckled. "Because you know as well as I do, that I would never do 
something like that. Well, unless it was very imperative, but still."

 

Ryoko sighed. "You're probably right. But, I still don't know."

 

Yosho chuckled again and Ryoko saw his eyes light up a bit.

 

"Ryoko, can't I even treat you to some tea or something?" Yosho asked.

 

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Actually, I was just on my way out. Maybe some other 
time."

 

Yosho's eyes dimmed and his smile faded. Ryoko started walking off the stage 
with Ikera in front of her. Ryoko stopped and took a deep breath. 

 

"Look, Yosho. I'm not trying to avoid you...well, not really anyway. But, what 
I'm trying to say is if you want, and it's entirely up to you, but I'd be
honored if you wanted to stay for dinner tonight. You know, at my place." 
Ryoko's voice was barely audible as she offered Yosho the option.

 

Yosho stared at her. He raised an eyebrow and nodded.

 

Ryoko's lips curved into a smile. "So, is that a yes, or a hell no?"

 

Yosho grinned slyly. "Since when have I ever declined such an offer from a 
pretty woman?"

 

Ryoko groaned. "Now, would be a start. Come on, old man. Let's go."

 

Yosho laughed and followed her out of the building.

 

Ryoko stopped at the front doors and waved goodbye to Ikera. Yosho noticed the 
girl was hesitant and he could just make out the question she
whispered in Ryoko's ear.

 

"Are you sure you can trust him, Ryoko?"

 

Ryoko cast a glance back at Yosho and then to Ikera. She nodded and stated, 
"He's harmless, Ikera. Besides, Prince Yosho and I go way back. It'll
be okay, really."

 

Ikera relented and finally agreed. She turned and waved and continued down the 
hallway to her mother's office.

 

Ryoko led Yosho outside to the front steps of the Academy. She pointed to the 
right and started in that direction. Yosho shrugged and followed
her down the street, his eyes watching her every move.

 

******

 

Ryoko stopped in front of a tall building and waited for Yosho to catch up.

 

"Your old man disguise getting the better of you?" Ryoko teased.

 

"No. I was just admiring the view." Yosho's replied. His eyes twinkling with his 
own teasing.

 

Ryoko blushed and turned around. "Very funny. Come on."

 

He nodded and picked up pace beside her. When they entered the lobby, Yosho was 
in the least, impressed with the place.

 

It was clean, roomy and from the decorations, Yosho could tell quite expensive. 
He was so caught up in the beauty of just the lobby that he hadn't
realized that Ryoko had gotten on the elevator.

 

Something moving back and forth rapidly caught his attention and he saw Ryoko 
waving to him to gesture him to get on. He quickly stepped into
the elevator and Ryoko scowled at him.

 

"I see that your attention span is still small." Ryoko chided.

 

"Perhaps. But, I was very interested in the design of that room." Yosho replied 
haughtily.

 

Ryoko crossed her arms and leaned against the railing on the side.

 

After a few seconds of silence, the doors slid open and Ryoko ushered Yosho down 
the hall to her apartment. Once inside, Ryoko tossed her
purse and briefcase down on the couch.

 

"Make yourself comfortable. Just let me change out of this and I'll get dinner 
started." Ryoko informed as she disappeared around the corner.

 

Yosho sat down on the couch beside Ryoko's briefcase and looked around. Ryo-Ohki 
had gotten up and was staring out the balcony doors. She
miyaed and pawed at the glass. Yosho watched her and finally crossed the room to 
the door.

 

"What is it, hmm?" He asked the small cabbit.

 

He opened the door and watched Ryo-Ohki push past the small opening. Yosho 
followed her out onto the balcony and leaned against the railing.

 

The sun was setting and Yosho could see the glowing hues of purple, orange and 
pink outlining the horizon. Ryo-Ohki hopped onto the railing and
watched the sunset with the young prince.

 

Ryoko finished buttoning her jeans as she walked into the living room. A slight 
breeze filtered through the air causing her to shiver lightly. She
glanced at the balcony to see Yosho and Ryo-Ohki both watching the setting sun. 
Ryoko shook her head and stepped outside.

 

She closed the glass doors quietly and sidled up next to the oblivious prince.

 

"Beautiful, isn't it?" She asked tenderly.

 

Yosho didn't turn around but murmured, "Sure is. It reminds me of someone."

 

Ryoko felt her face flush as she leaned on elbows against the cool metal 
railing.

 

"Yosho? Why are you here? I know you had a reason for finding me. What is it?" 
Ryoko questioned seriously.

 

Yosho lowered his gaze to the street below. "Just because. Do I really need a 
reason to find you?"

 

"Yes. For an entire year, you lived your life as Katsuhito Masaki without me. 
Now, all of a sudden you appear, and lie about being here. Your 'just
because' excuse isn't good enough. I want to know what compelled you to chase me 
down after all this time." Ryoko seethed bitterly.

 

Yosho turned around and looked at her. "Because, I missed you, Re. And, because, 
I've come to ask you to come back to Earth with me."

 

Ryoko paled. "No." She answered quickly and angrily. "I mean, no thank you. This 
is my home now, Yosho. It represents who I am, and what I'm
good for. Please understand this. I won't leave, I won't....run away."

 

Yosho tilted his head. "You won't be running away, Re. You'll be with family, 
loved ones and friends. Please, things aren't the same without you."

 

Ryoko clenched her fists together. "I don't care. Nothing you can say or do will 
make me change my mind. I'm sorry."

 

Yosho's eyes narrowed. "Nothing?" He asked hopefully.

 

Ryoko looked him in the eye and then hung her head. "Nothing." She repeated.

 

Yosho grabbed her shoulders tightly and pulled her to him. Ryoko blinked in 
confusment and tried to pull away. Yosho tightened his grip gently
and dipped his head.

 

Ryoko gasped as she felt him press his lips to hers. For a moment, she allowed 
herself to kiss him back but reality sunk into her mind. She
brought her hand up and slapped him full force on the face.

 

Yosho released her but never raised his hand to the welling mark on his cheek.

 

"I don't know what you're trying to do, but it won't work. I can't believe you, 
Yosho...I never thought that you'd be the one to pull a stunt like that."
Ryoko cried, her voice cracking.

 

"Me? I never thought that you'd be the one to choose death for a loved one, or 
that you would run away from it all because you hurt. Did you ever
consider what Washu was feeling? No, all you wanted was for her to stop 
suffering because you were the one feeling the pain." Yosho argued
back.

 

Ryoko opened her mouth but closed it. She turned away from him, tears brimming 
in her eyes. It had been a long time since she had cried, and as
her tears formed, she knew they were making up for lost time.

 

Yosho could hear her sobbing and see her shoulders trembling. He never meant to 
upset her, not like this anyhow. He watched the last rays of the
sun dip behind the horizon, and sighed.

 

He shook his head in a disappointed manner and then turned his violet eyes to 
the back of the sobbing Ryoko.

 

Yosho wrapped his arms around Ryoko and nested his chin on her left shoulder.

 

"Re, I'm sorry. Really, I am. I didn't mean to lose my temper or to make you 
cry. The last thing I want you to do is cry on my account. I never want
to see you hurt or in pain, please believe me." Yosho whispered apologetically. 

 

Ryoko leaned into his embrace and brushed her arm across her face. 

 

"Do you know how hard it was for me to force myself to sign those papers, Yosho? 
I didn't want to lose my mother, but I knew deep in my heart,
that I was going to lose her in one way or another. I've berated myself for 
doing so, ever since because it made me feel like a murderer again."
Ryoko cried.

 

Yosho loosened his grip and moved around in front of her. He placed his hands on 
both sides of her face and looked her in the eye.

 

"You're not a murderer, Ryoko. No one thinks that, and no one will. They 
understand that you were just trying to save Washu the pain, but still...it
doesn't make you a murderer. We still love you. And I know that Washu still 
loves you deeply, too. We could never hate you, Re. Never." Yosho
added.

 

Her bottom lip puckered as she cried harder. Yosho hugged her and felt Ryoko's 
arms circle his waist.

 

"What am I going to do? I've made a mistake, Yosho. And it's too late to correct 
it. How could I have been so quick to judge that if Washu were
awake, that she'd want me to do the same thing? It was wrong, and believe me, 
I've felt guilty for doing it ever since. I can never forget." Ryoko
sobbed.

 

Yosho sighed and ran a hand through her long hair. "Time will heal your pain, 
Re. It always does. You have to stop blaming yourself for what
happened to Washu and move on with your life. Enjoy the time you have alive, 
with friends and family. It's what she'd want you to do."

 

Ryoko nodded the best she could and clung to Yosho for support.

 

It seemed like hours had passed when Yosho finally felt Ryoko's grip on him 
loosen. He felt her go limp and looked down to see that she cried
herself to sleep. He gently picked her up and went inside. He was exhausted from 
his trip there, but he knew Ryoko was even more tired from her
ordeal.

 

He carefully laid her in her bed and covered her up. He picked Ryo-Ohki up and 
dropped her onto the pillow beside Ryoko's head.

 

"Make sure she doesn't wake up until morning. I'm counting on you, Ryo-Ohki. 
Don't let me down." Yosho whispered to the cabbit.

 

Ryo-Ohki nodded and settled down in Ryoko's hair. Yosho smiled and closed the 
bedroom door behind him.

 

******

 

Ryoko's eyes fluttered and closed immediately. She put her hand on her forehead 
and groaned.

 

"What a headache. And the worst dream, ever." She mumbled as she turned over.

 

Something rustled in the sheets beside her and Ryoko opened her eyes again to 
see brown fur. She sat up quickly and picked the brown fuzz up.

 

"Ryo...Ryo-Ohki?" Ryoko asked bewildered.

 

The cabbit's yellow eyes opened and blinked at her. 

 

Ryoko dropped the cabbit down onto the bed and stood up. She ducked underneath 
the fan and walked to the edge of the bed. Sitting down, she
noticed that she had never changed for bed last night.

 

'Strange.' She thought as she rose to her feet on the carpeted floor.

 

A familiar smell wafted through the air to her nose as she opened the bedroom 
door. She could hear the voices of the news reporters on the
television in the kitchen and poked her head around the corner to peer into the 
living room. 

 

Her eyes softened as a smile unnoticeably crept to her lips. She tiptoed into 
the kitchen and stood in the doorway.

 

Yosho was pulling something from the oven while his eyes were focused on the 
small television. Ryoko chuckled to herself as she snuck behind
the young man. 

 

"You're just in time, Re. Here, have a cinnamon roll." Yosho's cheery voice made 
her jump as he suddenly spun around and threw something in her
direction.

 

Ryoko's reflexes kicked in and something gooey landed in her open palm. She made 
a face as she regarded the icing left on her hand.

 

"Yechh. Why'd you go and do a thing like that for?" She whined.

 

Yosho shrugged. "Next time, you won't sneak up on someone, will you?"

 

Ryoko rolled her eyes and shuffled to the sink. She washed the icing from her 
hand and then sat down at the table.

 

"Yosho, exactly...what happened last night?" Ryoko asked uncertainly.

 

She never saw the gleam in his violet eyes as he smiled and began to explain his 
side of the story.

 

"Well, for starters, we had dinner. And then we somewhat watched a movie, but 
for most of the night...we made love." Yosho lied.

 

Ryoko dropped her cinnamon roll and gawked at him. "WHAT?! Surely you made a 
mistake, right? I mean, certainly I'd remember if I banged you
last night, wouldn't I?"

 

Yosho dropped into the seat and started laughing. Ryoko's worried expression 
fell as she realized she had been tricked.

 

"Hey!- god, you're such a liar! When are you going to grow up?!" Ryoko shouted 
angrily.

 

Yosho sat up and wiped his eyes. "You're right, Re. If we had done that last 
night, you'd remember. Trust me, you would."

 

Ryoko saw a twinkle in his eye and smiled. "Yeah, whatever. I'd have a hard time 
deciphering whether I slept with you or went to a boring
computer party."

 

Yosho stopped laughing and stared at her. "Now, that wasn't nice."

 

Ryoko crossed her arms and frowned at him. "Neither is lying. But, of course, 
that didn't stop you. Now did it?"

 

Yosho ignored her and picked up one of the cinnamon rolls of the pan. "No, 
really though. We argued, you cried, and then you eventually cried
yourself to sleep. I put you to bed and slept in the other room."

 

Ryoko nodded. "That was kind of you. Thanks."

 

Yosho cocked his head. "Sure. Look, I've got to be going soon. I should have 
already left but, I wanted to make sure you were going to be alright
first."

 

"I'm fine. You didn't have to stay, you know." She stated dryly.

 

A sad shadow passed over Yosho's feature at her words but he let it slide.

 

"Yeah, I know. A tough chick like you never cries her heart out. So of course 
she'd be fine. I've got to go. I promised Ayeka I'd be back in time for
tonight's event." Yosho added as he stood up.

 

He picked Ryo-Ohki up and headed for the door.

 

"I guess, this is goodbye, Ryoko. Take care of yourself, and good luck. With 
your new life, I mean. Uh,...bye." Yosho quickly retreated out the
door before Ryoko could stop him.

 

She ran to the balcony and saw him heading for the docking bay. Something wet 
and warm slid down her cheek as she saw him run off.

 

"Yosho...I'm sorry. I'm such a fool. How could you believe me?"

 

Ryoko dropped to the floor and hugged her knees. Her whole life had practically 
been a lie. And all she did was add to it. Sure, there were times
when she was happy here, but, for the most part, she was lonely. 

 

She hadn't even felt this lonely under her years as Kagatos' puppet. Most likely 
because, back then, she didn't have friends or family. Kagato made
sure that she knew that he was the only friend or family she had. But, she was 
free now. She had friends, and the family she had longed for.

 

And she had given them up. And for what? A non-existent dream. Something that 
wasn't a reality. She had yet again failed. She had run away from
who she really was. Her true self, she had left behind. 

 

'Nagi was right. I've been running my entire life, and, and....I'm still running 
today.' Ryoko thought unhappily.

 

'Then do something about it, dammit! Don't just sit here and kick yourself over 
it. Go after him!' 

 

Ryoko looked up. She was alone, and yet, she heard another voice telling her to 
fix her problem. She shakily stood up and ran to her room. That
voice was right and Ryoko was going to listen to her heart on this one.

 

She pulled a suitcase from her closet and began to throw some things into it. 
Minutes later, she grabbed her purse, the suitcase and a photo from
the shelf in the living room and ran out the door. She dropped an envelope off 
at the front desk with that month's rent and rushed outside and down
the steps.

 

She caught a taxi to the docking bay and forced herself to go through with her 
plan. Armon Korso was at the control panel giving a passenger
shuttle the O.K. to dock when Ryoko ran up to him.

 

"Armon!"

 

Korso turned to see Ryoko out of breath and very pale.

 

"Ryoko?! What's wrong? Is everything okay?" Korso asked with concern.

 

Ryoko waved her hand to show she was okay. "I'm fine. The ship that left about 
20 minutes ago, Ryo-Ohki? Do you have a shuttle that can catch up
to her or at least reach Earth before nightfall?"

 

Korso shook his head. "No. I'm afraid we don't. Prince Yosho had Ryo-Ohki 
gunned. I'm sorry."

 

"Damn. Do you know of anyone who can help me?" Ryoko questioned.

 

Korso rubbed his chin. "Well, there is one person I can think of off the top of 
my head."

 

"Really! Who?" 

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Five ~

 

Ryoko frowned and crossed her arms as she watched the stars zoom by from the 
window of the speeding ship.

 

She had managed to get a ride, but it wasn't what she was expecting, that was 
for sure.

 

"You know, if you keep frowning like that then you'll get wrinkles."

 

Ryoko glared at the pilot and stuck her tongue out at the figure.

 

"Just shut-up and fly." Ryoko instructed harshly.

 

"Temper, temper. Careful, Ryoko. We wouldn't want you to be stranded in the 
middle of nowhere out here in space, now would we?" The person
asked quickly.

 

Ryoko smirked. "Face it Nagi. We both know that you wouldn't do something like 
that no matter how cold and heartless you may be."

 

Nagi chuckled. "You're right. But, I'm always open to try anything new."

 

Ryoko shook her head. 'I can't believe Armon suggested I hitch a ride with Nagi. 
But, still, Ken-Ohki is the only ship I know of besides Ryo-Ohki
and Tsunami that can make Earth by nightfall.'

 

She continued watching the stars as they passed by quickly. Already two hours 
had passed and Nagi and Ryoko pretty much kept to themselves.
The silence was practically driving Ryoko up the wall, but she wasn't going to 
let Nagi know of that particular weakness in her.

 

Nagi kept glancing at Ryoko every now and then to make sure she wasn't trying 
anything stupid. The silence was getting to her as well, but, just
like Ryoko, her pride kept her from doing anything about it. But, unlike Ryoko, 
Nagi didn't have so much crap on her mind at the time either.

 

She finally gave in and walked over to Ryoko.

 

"Hey- pirate? How about a card game or something. It'll make the trip go by a 
lot faster." Nagi suggested as she shuffled a deck of cards in her
hands.

 

Ryoko eyed the cards and then Nagi. "Mine as well. What are we playing?"

 

Ken-Ohki materialized a table and two chairs along with the crystal that held 
his image on it.

 

Ryoko sat down and watched Nagi follow suit. 

 

"How about...Gin Rummy?" Nagi questioned.

 

Ryoko shrugged. "Sounds good to me. Deal the cards, oh sinister fiend."

 

Nagi cracked a smile as she dealt the cards out. Ryoko picked all 7 of her cards 
up and frowned. Nagi caught the frown and grinned. This would be
an easy game.

 

Five minutes later, Ryoko was knocking on the table and announcing, "GIN!"

 

Nagi dropped her head on the table and tossed the cards down. Ryoko shuffled 
them and then distributed Nagi 7 and then 7 to herself. Another 10
minutes passed before Ryoko knocked again.

 

Nagi growled in frustration but opted for another round. 

 

Three rounds later, Nagi noticed Ryoko rubbing her eyes every few minutes. 
Finally Ryoko called a 'time-out' and got up. Nagi watched her walk
to her suitcase and fiddle around with the front pocket.

 

She returned momentarily and Nagi stared in shock at her. Ryoko frowned and sat 
down. She sat down and growled at the bounty hunter, "If you
say anything, you're dead meat, Nagi. I mean it."

 

Nagi choked back her laughter and picked her cards up. Her red eyes kept 
scanning Ryoko's golden orbs.

 

Ryoko's golden orbs....that hid behind a pair of glasses.

 

Nagi's curiosity got the better of her as she asked Ryoko about the frames.

 

"So, Ryoko. What happened to your eyes? I thought that you had perfect vision?" 
Nagi questioned sweetly.

 

Ryoko sighed. "It's not that I don't have perfect vision, Nagi. I do. It's just, 
well, after so many years of staring at a computer, a person's eyes has a
tendency to blur. Besides, they're reading glasses. I don't have to wear them 
all the time. Usually at night if I'm reading or something."

 

Nagi nodded. "Oh. That's quite understandable. Well, guess what?"

 

Ryoko looked up and tilted her head, the silver frames of her reading glasses 
twinkling from the lights. "What?"

 

Nagi knocked. "GIN."

 

Ryoko moaned and put her cards down on the table. Nagi shuffled them and then 
passed them out. Ryoko grinned and thought that she'd be well on
her way winning this round when Nagi knocked again.

 

"Gin." She stated calmly.

 

Ryoko cursed under her breath and shuffled the cards. Two and a half-hours 
later, Nagi had won her 34th game to Ryoko's three.

 

After another round, Nagi couldn't take it anymore. She doubled over laughing as 
Ryoko just stared at her as if the bounty hunter were going
insane. Finally, Nagi calmed herself down and turned narrow red eyes to the 
pirate. "I love your glasses Ryoko."

 

Ryoko cocked her head. "What's that suppose to mean?"

 

"It's just that.woo-hoo." Nagi's fist hit the table with laughter. "I can see 
your hand in their reflection. Hee-hee..this is so great!"

 

Ryoko stared at her with shock and disdain. "Why you cheating little monkey."

 

"Wait, wait..you have no room to talk, Grasshopper!" Nagi sang in a wise tone.

 

Growling with frustration and forcing herself not to laugh, Ryoko pulled the 
frames off and stated, "Okay. No more glasses or cheating. Now deal
the damn cards."

 

Nagi picked the cards up and shuffled them. Ryoko kept a straight face this time 
and carefully selected which cards and suits to stick with and
which ones to discard. The game was going back and forth for about 20 minutes 
when Ryoko's luck finally picked up.

 

She only had to get rid of one more card and then the game would be hers. Nagi 
picked a card up and 'hmmed.' Ryoko smiled and nodded her head
back and forth happily. 

 

"Hey, uh, Ryoko?" Nagi asked out of the blue.

 

"Yessss?" Ryoko replied cheerfully.

 

"GIN!"

 

******

 

Yosho sat down on the front porch of the Masaki house. He had so had his heart 
set on bringing Ryoko back with him, but his plan had
undoubtedly failed. Inside he could hear singing and clapping.

 

Yosho looked back through the door to see Tenchi and the others sitting around 
Ayeka and a cake. In Ayeka's lap was a bouncing little girl. A
smile was on her face as Ayeka leaned over and blew the candles on the cake out.

 

Yosho, in spite of himself, couldn't help but laugh at his niece. In the year 
that Ryoko had left, again, Ayeka had married Traven. Their father,
strangely enough, had approved of him, which made Ayeka and Traven both happy. 
Not long after their marriage, Ayeka announced that she was
pregnant.

 

Now a year later, they were celebrating little Aina's first birthday. Yosho was 
happy that his sister had finally found the happiness she had been
looking for in him. And Traven seemed to get along well with everyone, even 
Azusa. Yosho sighed. Life had seemed to go down hill since Taris'
attack.

 

But, even Yosho had to admit that at times, things were looking up. 

 

Tenchi had opened up a graphic designing shop with Nobuyuki's help and was 
prospering. Nobuyuki still had his art firm, but was considering
selling because his age was getting to him. Mihoshi had retired from the Galaxy 
Police when she was offered a modeling job.

 

Kiyone had stuck with the GP and was promoted to Chief Petty Officer of the 
Headquarters. And of course, Sasami had turned 18, but she forced
the family members to promise not to throw her a party. Yosho knew that Sasami 
had changed from the young girl she once was.

 

Sasami had grown and tired of her everyday life on Earth. She may have been 
bored there, but she never went back to Jurai. She had grown cold
and harsh. She ignored everyone half the time and the other half, she wasn't 
even around to ignore someone. She eventually developed
melancholia.

 

She had definitely lost her innocence after Ryoko left and then after Washu 
disappeared, she spiraled downward in self-pity and darkness. Sasami
frowned a lot and never felt like doing things with the family, but when Aina 
was born, she seemed to come out of her depression some.  

 

Yosho prayed every day that his younger sister would overcome her manic-
depression and realize that she was wasting her life. But, she was
getting better. She started hanging around with Aina and Tenchi more, and it was 
clear to see that Tenchi and Sasami were steadily getting closer.

 

And of course, himself. He came down from the shrine more often and when the 
shrine was closed, he adapted for his younger form. Being in the
body of the prince again allowed him to remember all the good times he had 
before Kagato, before, Taris, and before Ryoko left.

 

Yosho sighed again and sat back. He gazed up at the stars and noticed one 
particular star twinkled more than the others. Yosho smiled as the
twinkling made him think that it was Ryoko on her planet winking at him.

 

He closed his eyes and felt the cool summer breeze encircle him. He heard the 
crickets singing their lullabies, the owls announcing their nightly
games and the steady rustle of leaves.

 

A blast of cold air hit Yosho in the face causing him to open his eyes. He stood 
up and stared at the night sky as a large ship landed by Funaho.
Tenchi and the others had come outside to see what all the noise was from and 
just watched the ship set down on the ground.

 

Ryo-Ohki 'miyaed' happily as she bounded out to the ship. Yosho saw the ship 
transform and then drop onto a figure's shoulder.

 

"Oh. It's Ken-Ohki. I wonder what he and Nagi are doing here." Tenchi stated 
with genuine puzzlement.

 

"I don't know, but maybe we should find out." Ayeka suggested from behind the 
group.

 

Sasami squinted into the darkness and frowned. "Well, for whatever the reason 
she's here for, she brought a friend." The young princess sneered.

 

Yosho nodded in agreement. "It seems she has, Sasami. Why don't the lot of you 
wait here and I'll find out what brought Nagi this way."

 

The others murmured their answers and Yosho set out across the yard to where 
Nagi and her guest stood. As he got closer, her could smell the
faint scent of Hawaiian ginger in the air and his stomach knotted up with fear.

He hadn't even made it half away cross the yard when someone ran to him.

 

"YOSHO!"

 

Yosho stopped in his tracks. He knew that voice like he knew his own name. From 
the reflection of the moon, he could see tears streaming down
he person's face. Yosho held his arms out as the figure flung themselves in his 
embrace.

 

Yosho held them tightly and spun around so fast that the person in his arms feet 
left the ground.

 

Tenchi could hear his grandfather and the mystery person laughing. He saw them 
hug each other and then watched as Yosho picked the person up
and spun around. In the moonlight, Tenchi saw the person lowered to where their 
face was close to Yosho's.

 

Yosho smiled at the person as they leaned down and kissed him. 

 

"Yosho, I was such a fool. I'm sorry for the way I acted."

 

Yosho stroked the person's hair. "You're not a fool, Ryoko. You were just 
confused and upset about what happened to Washu. I understand."

 

Ryoko looked up at him and smiled. Yosho hadn't seen that smile in ages. It was 
her special smile, the smile she gave you when she was truly
happy. He felt honored to see it again, for he knew that not even Tenchi ever 
saw that smile. Ryoko often told Yosho, that it was his smile he saw
on her face.

 

Now, Yosho knew that it was the truth. He brushed a wisp of Ryoko's hair back 
and kissed her gently. 

 

"I'm glad you came back. I was beginning to wonder whether I should move back to 
Winblum to keep an eye on you." Yosho whispered teasingly.

 

Ryoko giggled. "I would have been happy, knowing that I was wrong."

 

"What do you mean?" He asked worriedly.

 

Ryoko sighed. "I thought that if I left Earth, that our past would stay behind 
with you. But, it went with me instead. I tried to forget about you,
because I thought you were better off without me. It was my past that kept me 
hanging on, and remembering where I truly belonged."

 

"And, where might that be?" Yosho quizzed curiously.

 

She buried her face in his chest. "Where ever you are. In your arms, is where I 
desire to be and always promise to stay."

 

Yosho felt the past memory, of the time he had told her the same thing so long 
ago, returning. He smiled and ran a hand through her silky blue
hair.

 

"And in each other's arms, is where we'll always be. Close to you, close to me. 
Ryoko, I know it's been a long time, but I still love you. I could
never forget about you, even though you asked me too. Every time I closed my 
eyes, I saw you. Every time I laughed, I thought of you." Yosho
told her.

 

Ryoko eyed him. "And every time you showered, you pictured me?"

 

Yosho chuckled. "That's my deep, dark secret for me to know and you to find 
out."

 

Ryoko tapped him on the nose. "Don't forget, I already know every secret about 
you....and then some."

 

"I know. How could I forget." Yosho countered.

 

She shrugged. She stepped out of Yosho's embrace and turned around to face 
Funaho. Nagi had somehow slipped by them to the house without
disturbing them. Ryoko hugged herself tightly.

 

"Yosho, do you really forgive me?" Ryoko asked in a shaky voice.

 

Yosho laid a hand on her shoulder. "Do you think it possible for us to pick up 
where we left off?"

 

Ryoko looked up. She knew the answer to this one. But, the real question was, 
would it feel right? Would it still be the same? Could she learn to
forget?  Ryoko smiled to herself. 

 

"Truthfully, I don't think we can pick up right, where we left off at it." She 
replied.

 

Yosho cringed. He had been hoping for another answer.

 

Ryoko faced him and cupped his face in her hand. "But, I do think it would be 
possible to start back at the beginning. We have both changed, we
aren't the same people we were back then, so it would be different. And I think, 
that with some time, we could be happy, like we once were."

 

Yosho closed his eyes. His heart fluttered. She was willing to give it another 
chance, and he was too. He opened his eyes to see her smiling at
him.

 

"I think so too, Re. Now, that you have been able to answer the questions in 
your heart, you are able to see that I do forgive you." Yosho whispered
in her ear. 

 

He turned her around to face him and took both her hands in his. "Ryoko, 
whatever problem you had in your past has made you who you are today.
A bright, successful and beautiful woman. And the woman....I love."

 

Ryoko stared at him, tears glistening in her eyes. "Yosho."

 

Yosho kissed her tenderly and then pulled back. "I just wanted you to know, how 
much I love you."

 

Ryoko nodded. A breeze rustled the leaves of Funaho and caressed gently around 
the two lovers. Ryoko shivered a bit from the cool night air and
felt Yosho's strong arms surround her lovingly.

 

"Come on. There's something I want to show you." Yosho coaxed as he led her to 
the house, his hand grasping hers tightly.

 

******

 

Tenchi waited patiently as Yosho made his way back to the house with the person 
Nagi had brought along. When they got close enough, the
person waved happily to the people standing on the porch.

 

Tenchi's eyes adjusted to the darkness and as Yosho and the shadow came into the 
light, Tenchi gasped.

 

"Ryo...Ryoko?" Tenchi stuttered.

 

She smiled and nodded. Tenchi jumped off the porch and rushed to the woman. He 
caught Ryoko up in a hug and backed away. 

 

"Where'd you go? How have you been?" Tenchi asked at once.

 

"Slow down, boy. I went back home. To Winblum. And I've been good. Lonely, but 
good. And you?" Ryoko replied slowly.

 

Tenchi shrugged. "Pretty much the same as you."

 

"Yeah. It's been quite dull without you, Ryoko."

 

Ryoko looked around Tenchi to see Kiyone, Mihoshi and Nobuyuki.

 

She waved to them and stepped around Tenchi. She jogged up the steps and gave 
Kiyone and Mihoshi a hug. She stopped at Nobuyuki and grinned.

 

"Aww, what the hell. How you been Nobuyuki?" Ryoko asked as she embraced him.

 

"Quite well. I see that times been good to you, Ryoko. My, you've changed." 
Nobuyuki mentioned.

 

Ryoko looked down. "Not really. I'm still me, inside."

 

"Of course you are. You'll always be the demon slut who saved Jurai." Ayeka's 
voice floated to her.

 

Ryoko stuck her tongue out. "And you'll always be the old hag with a...KID?!?" 
Ryoko's retort was cut short when she saw the girl in Ayeka's arms.

 

The elder princess nodded. Ryoko smiled broadly. Ryoko squealed and took the 
girl from the princess' grasp.

 

"Oh, she's so cute. And she looks just like you, Ayeka. Look at this hair, and 
those eyes. And....hey- whose nose is this? It certainly isn't yours. It's
not long like Pinocchio's!" Ryoko exclaimed teasingly.

 

"It's mine."

 

Ryoko glanced up to see Traven. Her eyes got wide.

 

"How ya been Ryoko?" Traven asked casually.

 

Ryoko looked between the baby, Ayeka and Traven. She pointed a finger and waved 
it back and forth between the two parents. "You mean, you
two...her? Oh, this is rich. Traven, you scoundrel. I didn't think you had it in 
you. I heard you had settled down, but I didn't know it was with Ayeka."

 

Traven nodded. "Yep. A year next month. You'll be here, won't you?"

 

Ryoko brought the baby close to her face and kissed her forehead. "What do you 
think?"

 

Ayeka hugged her instantly. "Oh, I'm so happy that you've decided to come back, 
Ryoko. Now, Aina can have her godmother watching over her all
the time."

 

"Godmother? ME?! Back up there, princess. I can't even watch over my 
own....mother. Let alone myself. I don't think it would work out." Ryoko
mumbled softly.

 

"I think it would, Re." Yosho assured her from her side. He took his niece and 
tickled her.

 

Ryoko smiled at him. She was about to tell Ayeka that she'd be honored to be 
Aina's godmother when a noise from the living room stopped her.

 

Ryoko heard a gasp and then the shattering of glass, and the unmistakable 
muttering of, "No. It can't be." 

 

Ryoko peered through the glass door around Ayeka and gasped herself. She felt 
her knees go weak and had to be supported by Ayeka. Ryoko's
golden eyes filled with tears as she gazed at the person who was gazing at her. 

 

Ryoko forced herself to look at the woman. Her eyes were dull and saddened, her 
hair was long and unruly and her face was pale and ashen.
Ryoko shook her head in disbelief.

 

"How? I thought....I thought.." Ryoko couldn't finish as she choked back tears.

 

She wriggled free from Ayeka's grasp and slipped through the door. The woman had 
tears of her own streaming down her face, as she stared at
Ryoko.

 

"Ryoko?" The woman's voice was soft and trembling.

 

Ryoko narrowed her eyes and nodded. The woman let out a cry and quickly wrapped 
Ryoko in her arms.

 

"Ryoko."

 

Ryoko clung to the woman and let her tears flow freely. She dropped to her 
knees, and the woman sunk to the floor with her. "Mother."

 

Washu held her tightly as if she were afraid to let go. Being able to hold Ryoko 
again filled her with fear. Would her daughter leave again? From
the tears Ryoko was crying and the way Ryoko had reacted to seeing her again, 
Washu didn't think she'd leave. But, she could never tell with
Ryoko.

 

After what seemed like hours, Ryoko finally pulled back. Her tears had dried and 
left streaks down her cheeks. She gazed at Washu and cringed.
Washu frowned at her daughter's shudder.

 

"Mom....I thought that you had...that...that..."

 

"I had died?" Washu finished for her, the pain evident in her voice.

 

Ryoko nodded slowly. Washu ran her thumb across Ryoko's tear dried face. 

 

"Ryoko, as much as I wish I didn't have to say it, I know that you deserve the 
truth. I was dying. And I was in immense pain, that much I could
remember. But, I don't remember much after that, or before. I truly thought, 
that I was going to die, and I was afraid, because I didn't want to leave
you."

 

Ryoko listened intently and sat back. "So, how were you able to make it?"

 

Traven knelt beside them. He glanced over at Washu and shook his head. Ryoko saw 
her mother flinch but kept quiet. Traven helped Washu to the
couch and the woman sat down heavily. Ryoko could hear her wheezing and knew 
right away, that Washu wasn't any better. Only...alive.

 

Ryoko crawled over the couch and sat down. "Traven? What's wrong with her?"

 

Traven sighed and sat in a chair. "Ryoko, that morning you left, I had all 
intentions, to carry out your wishes much to the dismay and refusal of
your family. But, as I was about to disconnect the machine, Washu suddenly woke 
up. She couldn't remember where she was."

 

Ryoko wrinkled her nose in confusment. Traven continued. 

"Much less know who she was. She hadn't a clue. But, she knew the name Meiru. 
None of us know who that is or if she even exists, but all Washu
could remember was that name. And of course, you. After about a week, she was 
still having difficulty with the artificial valve."

 

Ryoko felt her heart and hopes sink.

 

"She's already undergone three surgical procedures since the day she woke up and 
she has a forth scheduled in two weeks. We're hoping this last
shot will do the trick, if not, then there's nothing more we can do. Washu has 
since regained most of her memory with Tsunami's help, of course."

 

Ryoko felt a little relieved that her mother at least remembered things. She 
squeezed Washu's hand and offered her a supportive smile that her
mother returned eagerly.

 

"Ryoko, if this doesn't work, then Washu may never get better. She knows this 
and has accepted it. It would help though, if you were around for
her recovery. And it seems that her being with you, helps lift her spirits." 
Traven explained.

 

Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed. "Don't worry, Traven. I'm sticking around. I 
never even heard that she was still alive. None of you ever tried
contacting me. But, you don't have to worry anymore."

 

Traven nodded. "That's good. Because, Washu can be a real handful sometimes with 
those crazy experiments of hers."

 

Ryoko shot a look at Washu who just shrugged. "Hey- I gotta keep myself 
entertained somehow. Tenchi won't even come into my lab anymore so
I never finished retrieving that sample." Washu stated innocently.

 

Ryoko chuckled and hugged her mother. 'It's good to be home.' She thought.

 

'Yes. It's good to have you home again, Little Ryoko. I haven't seen you in six 
years. Where have you been? You've had me worried sick about you
, ya know? Do you know what kind of agony I went through after you left?' Washu 
chastised her mentally.

 

Ryoko laughed harder and sat back. "Oh yeah. It's so good to be home."

_________________________________________________________

 

( End of Book E ~ Chapter V ~ Learning To Forget )

 

 

A/N: 'Kay.end chapter. Yeah! This was the last.. Pointer- Just for the record, 
DNR is sort for Do Not Resuscitate! Ewww, medical talk!

 As far as the idea, well..I have demented thoughts. Hope this shed light on 
some things and I hope that you enjoyed it. It was quite fun writing
the little argument between Nagi and Ryoko, and there is some truth in that. The 
idea of Nagi's cheating joke comes from real experience. I was
royally pissed b/c I had just gotten glasses, so my younger brother engaged me 
in a game of cards. Well, after he won five or six times, he finally
revealed to me that he had been looking at my cards through the reflection of my 
glasses. That little NERD!

 So, there is some reality in my fiction..

But I hope you like it, and any and all reviews are welcome, including flames 
which will be used to roast my nephew's marshmallows and replied
to..so be WARNED! (Hee-hee, hoo-hoo, tee-hee..Booyaka!) Also, if I get enough 
good reviews, I have the beginning chapter of a sequel. But
it depends on whether enough readers enjoyed this story, so please let me know 
what you thought! Thanks!

 

Author
