Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or TM related characters. All I get out of 
writing these stories is the fulfillment of my demented fantasies. I don't get 
fame,
money, pride or power, so don't sue! Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* * *~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


     The Third Book Of

~ Heartstrings ~ 

 

   * Book C ~ Chapter III ~ Blood & Wine  * 

    

   A/N: I know it seems sudden but this chapter takes place 5 years after 
Ryoko's departure. Why you ask?
   Well, one because nothing happened between now and then. Two, it's just the 
way the ball bounces. ^_^
   Thanks!

 

~ Sub-Chapter One ~

 

Professor Akima stood tentatively at the head of her class. Students filed in 
and she patiently waited for them to take their seats before calling
them to attention. It was the beginning of a new school semester. New and fresh 
faces. New students. New teachers. She shook her head.

 

Already five years had passed since she came to Winblum and started teaching. 
The past five years had been good to her, she had to admit though,
she was still older than the most of the fifth and six generations which sat in 
her class at the very moment.

 

She ran a hand though her long, silky blue hair. Something else that had changed 
with time. She did rather like it and had even dared to go as far as
putting dark blue streaks through out her tresses. As she combed her bangs with 
her fingertips, the bell rang.

 

She shifted her eyes to the class and clapped her hands a few times. The class 
turned their eyes to their teacher. She nodded in thanks and then
closed the door to her room. "Good morning! And welcome for those of you who are 
new this semester or to this school."

 

About a dozen students returned her greetings with enthusiasm. Akima sighed and 
faced her blackboard. Picking up a piece of new chalk, she
wrote her name on the black slate. As she was busy writing her name, a high 
pitched whistle screeched through the silent air.

 

And then the words, "Woo-hoo. Shake that ass, baby! Let's get it ON!"

 

The class erupted into fits of laughter. Akima put her chalk down and turned to 
face the class. Many students stopped laughing while others
snickered. Akima once again ran slender fingers through her straight blue locks. 
She leaned against the podium, her chest barely sticking out
farther than her hips.

 

A few more whistles echoed off the walls causing Akima to giggle. "Please. I'm 
very flattered. And Mr. Yamashiro? For shame. I thought for sure
that you would have learned last year that I don't 'get it on' with little women 
such as yourself." Akima retorted teasingly.

 

The class 'ohhed' at her words and listened carefully. Akima shifted her 
position showing a little more curves from her students sitting point of
view. "And unless you plan on bringing some tweezers and a magnifying glass, I 
suggest you leave your 'little friend' where he belongs."

 

The class laughed once again. From a few seats came, "Oh man that was cold!" and 
"Dog, you got dissed BIG TIME!" but the one that ranked
highest on Akima's list was, "Looks like the only girl you'll ever get down with 
is the neighbor's dog, Ken!"

 

Akima bit her lip to keep the laughter in. "Say, Mr. Yamashiro? I have a nice, 
big, comfy desk for you right here in the front. Perhaps, you'd like to
join me at the front of the class? NOW." Akima instructed firmly.

 

A young man with brown hair and blue eyes made his way down to the front. Akima 
pointed to a desk right in the middle of the room. She shook
her head at him as he sat down and was glad to see he harbored no anger towards 
her. He gave her a goofy grin and chuckled, his head swaying side
to side.

 

"Okay people. >From now on, this classroom is the place you WILL REPORT TO EVERY 
MORNING." Akima emphasized the last few words.
"You will be in this room and in your seats by the third bell. Should you miss 
the warning bells and not make class on time, then it's not my
problem."

 

Alot of kids groaned. Akima pressed on. "I will however, allow you a buffer. But 
it solely relies on how well you conduct your behavior in my
class and on how well you exert yourself." Akima saw a glint in Mr. Yamashiro's 
blue eyes. "And no, not that kind of exertion, Ken. Save that for
your rainy days."

 

The class snickered. Akima cleared her throat and there was once again silence. 
"Now, should you abuse the fact of my generosity, then you will
be required to take that long walk to the Dean's Office just like all the other 
tardy students. Am I understood?" Akima questioned sternly.

 

Many nods answered while many moans and yes's filtered through the air. 
"Alright. Each of you will have this class every day for second period
until the end of this semester. I expect you to be well behaved and respectful. 
In return, I will respect you in every aspect." She paused and looked
around.

 

"Now given the chance, I think you will find this class to be very entertaining 
and interesting and possibly one of the best classes you'll have all
semester. Just ask Mr. Yamashiro. This is his third year running although he 
should be elsewhere. Am I correct, Mr. Yamashiro?"

 

Ken Yamashiro stared her down. "What other reason would I have to take your 
class, professor? It is without a doubt, the most delightful I've
come across so far." The man's reply made Akima blush slightly.

 

"Thank you. Okay, the bottom line is, if you show promise in your studies, then 
you will find that I am very lineat. However, if you take advantage
of that kindness and just blow me off, I will make the rest of your semester a 
living hell. And that goes for all of you even if only one of you was
at fault."

 

Akima crossed the platform to her desk. "You will address me as Professor or 
ma'am. I don't want any of that pansy-wansy crap of being polite or
formal. I will address you by name or however you wish to be addressed. For 
example, Ken, most likely will be addressed as 'Playboy'. Give or
take."

 

Ken turned beet red and slumped in his chair. "And there will be NO SLEEPING in 
this class at all. If you have enough sense to go out and party
late at night, then note that you best stay home because if I catch you sleeping 
in my class I'll chew you up and spit you out. Just ask Ken, here."

 

Akima reached into a middle drawer of her desk and pulled something from its 
confines. She set a thick folder on the desktop. She sat back on
her desk and crossed her legs, the short black skirt showing off her muscular 
thighs. "Well, enough said on the rules and regulations. Now onto,
let's see...."

 

Akima shuffled through the folder. "Oh yes. As most of you know, holo-terminals 
were finally installed in the desks. Alot of your text reading
will come from the terminals, but in my class you will still carry, read and 
study from textbooks. And there will be no debates on that subject."

 

From somewhere in the back, a hand rose up from the sea of student heads. Akima 
spotted a young girl with long blonde hair and piercing green
eyes. 

 

"Questions already? I haven't gotten to the misunderstanding parts yet." Akima 
teased. The girl's hand went right back down. Akima smirked. 

 

"Please, ask your question?" Akima urged her. 

 

The girl slowly stood up. She looked nervous and Akima could tell that the girl 
was trembling with fear. Out of respect for the girl and how she'd
be viewed by the others, Akima kept her mouth shut.

 

"Professor, please forgive my incompetence, but aren't the text books required 
for this class way past their due dates? I mean, the books are old
and ancient, so are we still going to be learning of some of the more modern 
Astro Arts of today's universe?"

 

Akima rested her chin in her hand. The girl noticed the silence she received and 
started to sit back down. Akima stopped her. "NO, no. Don't sit
back down yet. First off before I answer, why don't you tell me who you are?" 
Akima asked sweetly. 

 

The girl chewed on her lower lip. "Uh, my name is Kari Natsu."

 

Akima smiled, her eyes twinkling. "Well, Miss. Natsu you are indeed correct. The 
old books the stuck-up lugs have kept around could be used as a
fire starter. But, I find that the books are a lot better tool at teaching than 
the terminals. However, some of the newer lessons will be taken from
them."

 

Kari wrinkled her nose. "Does that answer your question...?" Akima asked calmly. 
Kari nodded. "Yes ma'am. Thank you." 

 

Akima watched the girl sit down. "If it makes you any happier, Kari, most of our 
studies will be from the terminals. Anything discovered or
invented from the past 100 years, that is. Anything that goes beyond that will 
be taken from the books."

 

Kari gave a quick nod. Akima rose to her feet. A large smile spread across her 
face as her soft voice rang out, "Okay, now that, that is out of the
way...I'd like to welcome you all to Astrophysics 101."

 

******

 

Somewhere on the outskirts of the Sol System docked at drifter colony Nadir was 
a fairly good-sized blue and white star ship hovering in the bay.
A small black cruiser was docked beside it. 

 

Four figures stood in the bay pods having a discussion.

 

"Commander, you're sure she's ready?"

 

A young woman saluted her superior with pride. "SIR! Yes, SIR! She has been 
prepped for battle and debriefed on her future mission."

 

A tall man nodded approvingly. "Good. Good. How are her fighting abilities? And 
her evasive maneuvers?"

 

The woman wrinkled her brow in concentration. She frowned. "SIR, her fighting 
abilities are ranged at about 154% of the 200 on the power scale.
Her evasive maneuvers have ranked at about 97.2% out of 100. Other than those 
two minor defaults, she's up to par."

 

The man frowned to himself. "Only about 154 % you say?" He 'tsk-tsked' and then 
smiled. "That just won't do. Rehabilitate her inner strength and
then put her back in the training stasis until she reaches exactly 200%."

 

The commander staggered. "200%? But, sir..."

 

The man cut her off abruptly. "Don't question me commander. I want her put back 
under the training stasis until she reached the maximum level
capacity. Am I understood?"

 

The commander faltered. "Understood, sir. But...."

 

"Just do it. I'm in the right mind to cut you loose from the mission."

 

The commander nodded but she was determined to not have the bloodshed off an 
innocent victim on her hands. She took a deep breath and blurted
out her warning in one long sentence. "SIR, if-you-raise-her-to-the-maximum-
capacity, she'll die!"

 

The man blinked and looked at her. "Why didn't you say something before hand 
commander? Very well, train her right under 199%. If she can't go
that far, report back to me and give me the results. Proceed."

 

The commander growled and rolled her eyes. She turned around and stomped off, 
muttering things like, "Stupid bastard." and "Messed up old fool
gets on my nerves." under her breath all the way back to her ship.

 

The man laughed and boarded his ship. The upcoming act of his play was soon to 
come.

 

******

 

Akima put her pen down on the desk and picked up a small sphere. "Say that this 
is what they call a red shift. Red shifts are wavelengths of light
measured by an observer at its source. A blue shift is the displacement towards 
blue or the short wavelength at the end of the spectrum. So what is
the red-shift?"

 

A few students raised their hands. Akima called on a boy near the middle of the 
class. "The red-shift, apart from being the wavelength is also light
said to be red-shifted- that is, shifted toward the red or long wavelength at 
the end of the spectrum."

 

Akima nodded. "Very good. Seems that yesterday's reading assignment went well. 
Next, you all should know what a quasar is, but in case you have
forgotten they are luminous, star like objects with sources of radio waves. Now, 
who can tell me the diameter of a quasar?" 

 

Akima pointed to a girl in the front left with a long ponytail and brown eyes. 
"The diameter of a quasar is approximately 100 light minutes
across."

 

The girl sat down at Akima's nod. "So, we know that quasars are 100 light 
minutes across. Now, if quasar red shifts obey the same red-shift
distance law, as do the galaxies, then their distances can be immediately 
calculated. What is the correct term for the distances and the calculation
of them?"

 

Akima skimmed the room. Finally, her eyes came to rest on someone in the front. 
"Aw, Ken. Would you be so kind as to answer those two
questions?"

 

Ken Yamashiro stood up nervously. "Uh, let's see. The term for the distance of a 
quasar red-shift would be...cosmological distances." Ken paused
for confirmation. 

 

Akima smiled. "Good. And the calculation for the distances? What is it?"

 

Ken took a deep breath. "The calculation for the cosmological distances would 
be...oh, Mcc/GR=z." Ken finished confidently.

 

Akima frowned. "You obviously weren't paying attention to last night's reading 
assignment, were you Ken? If you had, then that would have been a
one shot answer for you. Kari? Please state the calculation that Mr. Yamashiro 
missed."

 

Kari stood up and tucked strands of blonde hair behind her ears. Her green eyes 
zoomed in on Ken and then to Akima. "The correct calculation of
a cosmological distance would be z=GM/Rcc, where as G is gravitational 
constant."

 

"Excellent. Since you know the calculation of a quasar, perhaps you can 
enlighten the rest of the class on what the distance of them is in the form
of velocity?" Akima grinned. It was possible that Kari would know the answer, 
but most beginning students did not. And there were alot of
beginners.

 

Kari noticed Ken turn around and grin at her. He was of course, ill tempered 
that she, a new student in the academy and to Professor Akima's
class had shown him up. Especially considering that this was in fact Ken's third 
year straight, under Akima's watchful eye and tutelage.

 

Kari returned a mocked grin to the boy and offered Akima a calm and triumphant 
expression. "According to reports, a few quasars in the 1980's
and 1990's were discovered with a z, or distance more than 4.5, which is the 
most distant to be discovered so far." Kari paused.

 

Ken still had a smug grin on his face in the assumption that she didn't know all 
of the answer. Kari shook her head and continued causing Ken's
face to pale.

 

"A z of more than 4 means spectral lines shift to wavelengths more than 4 times 
greater than normal, implying that the objects are moving away
from Earth at 93 percent of velocity of light or higher." Kari explained.

 

Akima smirked. 'What did you know. The newbie knew the answer afterall.' 

 

"I am very impressed, Kari. Not many students know the answer to that. Let alone 
new students. Good job, you can return to your seat now. Now,
who here can tell me the two different kinds of red-shifts?" Akima asked.

 

A young man raised his hand and stood up. "The first of the two red-shifts would 
be the results of the line of sight relative motion- which also
functions as the main directive for the Doppler Effect. The second shift is the 
results from a presence of a gravitational field."

 

Akima thanked him and he sat down. 

 

"The underlined section of the two red-shifts would be that the theory of 
general relativity on the spectrum of light came from a source which
also holds the equation z=GM/Rcc." Akima explained the theory effortlessly.

 

"That's pretty much all the questions for the quasars and red-shifts. 
Yesterday's work also included the 'Hubble Constant', gamma rays and cosmic
rays." Akima started on the other subject at hand.

 

"I am assuming that you all read the chapter on the Cosmology Features. If not, 
then I want those of you who skipped out on the assignment to
read it now. And believe me, I can tell if you read the chapter or not so 
please, spare yourself the humiliation and read the chapter now." Akima
added.

 

She looked around. A few students here and there pulled out their books. Akima 
took a seat back on the top of her desk. "Alrighty then, who can
tell me the theory for the 'Hubble Constant' and then explain the equation of 
it?"

 

Finally, a girl stood up and answered. "The theory of the Hubble Constant is 
V=HOd where as HO is constant proportionality- or Hubble's
Constant, which is currently estimated to be 55 plus or minus 7 giving the 
formula of km/sec/megaparsec, where as d is the distance of the
object."

 

"Very good. You can return to your seat. Now who here can explain how gamma rays 
are produced?" Akima questioned the many students.

 

She called a student in the back who was in the middle of a 'must be important' 
conversation with the girl next to her. The girl stood up and glared
at Akima. 

 

Sighing heavily, the girl answered. "Gamma rays are produced when high-energy 
charged particles collide."

 

Akima nodded approvingly. She called the other girl conversing during class to 
explain how cosmic rays were made.

 

"Just like with gamma rays, they are produced in the colliding of nuclei of 
atoms in the atmosphere." The girl chimed calmly.

 

"Thank you. Okay, it seems that our time is up. You all did exceptionally well 
on this past week's unit lesson. Now, I know it seems a bit much, but
I want you to read chapters 3-5 tonight. Take down the vocabulary words and 
research them. I do not allow simple definitions." 

 

A loud groan came from most of the student body. Akima cleared her throat. 
"Enough of that. I want at least a four-line meaning for each and
every word. Please do your best to memorize them because there will be a test on 
them day after tomorrow. And no, it will not be graded on the
curb."

 

A few chuckles escaped some of the students at Akima's statement. "Okay. Class 
dismissed. Go on, get out of here. And remember to study for
the test on Friday!" Akima called as the students milled out of the classroom.

 

Akima rubbed her temples. "This is going to be a long semester."

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Two ~

 

Akima closed the door to her class and locked it. She'd have the two hour break 
which consisted of a third period class combined with an hour
lunch, to annoyingly, grade last week's pop quiz. She rotated her neck until she 
heard a 'pop' and then continued down the hallway.

 

"HEY- AKI!"

 

Akima spun around to see a young man coming towards her. A middle-aged woman 
accompanied by a female teenager followed him. She gave
him a smile and shook her head. Akima shifted her weight to a more comfortable 
standing position. The man and the two women wove their way
to her.

 

Once they had managed to get through the sea of students, Akima greeted them 
cheerfully. "Hey, Traven. Yuri." 

 

She turned her small eyes to the girl. "And how are you today, Miss. Ikera?"

 

The girl grinned. "Very well, indeed. Today has got to be the best day of my 
life. Well, besides the day I got my driving permit, but that's beside
the point. Guess who finally asked me out today?!" Ikera squealed happily.

 

Akima's eyes got large. "You're kidding? Really? It's about time. Some of the 
guys in this place are just plain retarded. And just to plain stupid if
they can't see what they got right under their noses. Congratulations! You have 
finally mastered your number one goal you've had since the 3rd
grade."

 

Traven made a disapproving noise. Akima turned to him. "Aki, not all guys are 
retarded or stupid. They just are somewhat, blind. Not that I'm one
of those guys. Believe I know beauty when I see it."

 

Akima rolled her eyes. "Then, I don't why the hell you're staring at me like 
for, because it certainly ain't the beauty bit you just pulled."

 

Yuri and Ikera laughed. "Say, Ikera? Would you mind waiting in my office? I'll 
only be a few minutes. There's something I have to talk to Aki,
about."

 

Ikera glanced around and slumped forward. "Yes, mother. Hey, Akima- good luck!" 
Ikera offered as she ran down the hallway.

 

"Kids!" Yuri muttered. She turned to Akima. "Aki, I was wondering...would it be 
possible if Ikera stayed with you next week? There's something I
have to take care of, and I don't really want to drag her along. Besides, she 
has that science project coming up and she may just refuse to miss it."

 

Akima frowned. "Him again?"

 

Yuri nodded. Traven placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Hey, cheer up. 
Things will turn out okay. Just don't let him get you down. Make
him think that you're living it up without him. Make him jealous and envious."

 

Yuri sighed. "Yeah- right. It will never work. I haven't said anything to Ikera 
about it, but, he's filed an appeal with Jurai's court on the terms of
parental rights. He fed the Jurain's some crap about me being an unfit mother 
and that Ikera rightfully belongs with him."

 

Akima made a face. "Which, we all know isn't true. Ikera's 17, doesn't she have 
a say in whether or not where she want's to stay? I mean, surely
she's old enough to be trusted on in her own decisions. Right?"

 

Yuri shook her head no. "Afraid not. The legal age is 18. Until her 18th 
birthday, she's still considered a child and no matter what her testimony,
they'll wave it off as indecisiveness. I just hope that I can show them how much 
of a jerk he is and that placing Ikera with him is wrong."

 

Akima agreed. "Me too. And don't worry. Ikera can stay with me for as long as 
she needs too. When should I expect her?"

 

Yuri offered her a smile. "Next Tuesday, I would believe. I leave Monday night, 
after my Psychology Lecture. I really do appreciate this, Aki.
Really I do." Yuri hugged her in a friendly fashion.

 

From somewhere down the hall, Akima's acute sense of hearing picked up a quarrel 
between two people. One female, one male. She just
presumed that it was a lover's spat until she was able to recognize the man's 
voice. Akima pulled away from Yuri quickly.

 

"It's no problem. Please excuse me, there's something I've got to do. Or more 
and likely stop something. I'll see you two at the office. Bye."

 

Akima waved and started down the hall when Traven called out to her. "Fight the 
good fight, precious!"

 

Akima rounded the corner to see a young girl with blonde hair being held against 
the lockers. Her eyes were closed as the young man forced her
back. The man was yelling at her harshly, his free hand clenched into a fist.

 

"I don't know who the HELL you think you are showing me up like that. No one 
mocks me, not even the newbie's. And I especially hate it when
some bitch like you, shows up and make me look like a fool." The man gripped.

 

The girl opened an eye. "You didn't need my help on that account, asshole. Now, 
let me go."

 

The man growled and raised his fist. He drew his arm behind him and let it 
spring towards the girl's face. The girl shut her eyes and awaited the
blow.

 

Akima had, had enough. She knew exactly who the two squabblers were and the 
young man was slowly beginning to get on her nerves. She saw
him raise his fist and slingshot it forth to the girl's head. Akima quickly 
intercepted him.

 

The man's fist came to a dead halt and pain shot up through his wrist to his 
elbow and then his shoulder. Something dug into his forearm making
him wince in pain. When he looked up, Akima stood there, hand grasped firmly on 
his arm, her nails digging into his skin.

 

Akima applied a little pressure causing the boy to turn slightly. She stepped up 
behind him, the anger growing on her face. The man cowered
before her as a flash of red crossed her eyes. Her grip tightened on his arm.

 

"Just what the hell do you think you're doing?" She seethed dryly.

 

The man tried to shrug. The girl just huddled against the lockers.

 

Akima's voice dripped with malice as she spoke. "Well, it certainly doesn't look 
like nothing to me, Ken. Just because your sorry ass was too lazy
to read a simple book, gives you no right to threaten another student. 
Especially, one who happens to be smarter than you. Am I right?"

 

Ken nodded quickly, the pain flaring at his movements. 

 

"I've had just about enough of you little stunts. For the past three years I've 
had to put up with you. Not anymore. Come on. We're taking a trip to
the Dean's Office. Don't take it personally, but one way or another, you're 
coming out of my class. Now, let's go." Akima led him down the
hallway. 

 

Before she got to far, she turned back to the girl and frowned. A tiny scratch 
had found it's way to the right side of her neck and was slowly
beginning to bleed. 

 

"Ken. Call your toadies off and tell them to go to class." Akima instructed.

 

Ken nodded and said, "Come on out, you guys."

 

Three figures came from behind the lockers and water fountain. Ken had obviously 
planned a little surprise for his victim should she try to run.
Akima sighed in frustration and stared the three boys down.

 

"Boys? I do believe that there will be no 'Stoner-Bashing' today. Either direct 
your sorry carcasses to class or you're welcome to follow us to the
Dean's Office. What'll it be?" She asked curtly.

 

All three murmured and took off down the hall. "Seems to me, Ken, that they just 
left you high and dry. Apparently, they've ripped the friend out
of friendship and now your ship's going down alone, baby. Let's go."

 

Akima once again turned her eyes to the girl and sighed. "Kari? I think you 
should come with us. Come on."

 

Kari began shaking but complied. She took up pace next to the woman, her body 
still trembling. Akima noticed that Kari was a little shooken up
and wrapped an arm around the girl's shoulders. Kari seemed to relax as she 
followed the professor down the hall to the Dean's Office. 

 

******

 

Taris studied his reflection in the mirror. Things were going good for him. 
Already, the second act of his story had begun. He chuckled in spite of
himself and turned to leave the room when a knock came on the door.

 

Taris slid on a long black coat and looked in the mirror one last time. He 
opened the door to find Lynx impatiently tapping his foot on the floor.

 

"Geez, Taris. Why do you take so long? It's only a preliminary run, you know a 
pre-mission play to show off some of the moves your experiment
has learned. Come on." Lynx complained as he drug Taris to the training center 
of the 'Gegenschein.'

 

Taris soon found his seat among the many chairs in the observatory of the 
training room. In the middle of the observatory was a young woman.
Her red and black hair streamed down her shoulders in a long ponytail that 
touched the floor. Her small eyes were black as night and twinkled
mysteriously.

 

Taris was most impressed with the finishing touches of his new 'toy.' It had 
taken some time to train her in the way of his family techniques, but it
had been pulled off and successful. The woman cut her eyes to Taris without 
moving her head. She grinned, evilly.

 

Taris felt chills go down his spine at her look. She casually tilted her head 
sideways giving off a faint outline of a symbol that resembled fading
black stars with a stem. Taris noticed that it was the symbol of the 
'Windflower.'

 

Her grin became broader as he studied the symbol on her forehead. The symbol 
that had been the logo for the Cantaurus, was now on her. It was
fitting, his ultimate weapon, the human form of his first ship in glorious 
stature. Taris rose to his feet and watched her.

* * *

His mind floated back 3000 years. A younger Taris sat in the pilot's chair on 
the bridge. He had just been accepted into the GSFA as Brigadier
General. Now he sat in his starcruiser, 'The Cantaurus', that identified him as 
a part of the Royal Family from Alpha Centauri.

 

Taris wriggled in his seat as he awaited the mission briefing from his superior, 
Major Nathan Adonis. Finally, the Major's face appeared on his
screen. Taris saw a young woman stalk behind the window and watched her. The Lt. 
General and head leader of the operation, Mrs. Hakubi.

 

Taris thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world but she was strict. 
Taris smiled as he listened to the briefing of the mission at hand.
Soon enough, he was pulling the 'Cantaurus' from the docking bay and following 
Lt. General Hakubi's ship, the 'Ghost Crab' into his first battle.

* * *

Taris frowned. He turned to Lynx and nodded. Lynx gave the orders for the 
training survey to begin. Taris faced the woman in the middle of the
arena. He had just thought of the perfect code name for his little pet.

 

A young man clad in a battle suit wielding a glave, entered the training room. 
He pointed his weapon at the woman and charged her without
warning. The woman's eyes narrowed as she retreated to the air, flipping over 
her opponent. Her wild hair fluttered as she landed on her feet and
proceeded to fight.

 

Taris watched her move lithely around the arena, her opponent hadn't even 
touched her and he himself seemed to be tiring rapidly. Taris flinched
as she landed a blow square on the man's jaw. She spun at the last moment 
catching the side of his head in a roundhouse kick.

 

A sickening 'crack' echoed off the steel walls from the force of her kick. The 
man dropped to his knees, a dazed look on his face. Taris watched
with growing anticipation as the woman formed a black and red energy sword in 
her right hand. She raised it high above him and brought the blade
down.

 

Suddenly something caught Taris' eye from the far side of the arena. He focused 
his eyes to see a woman with shoulder length honey-blonde hair
come streaking to the middle of the arena. Her deep purple eyes glowed with 
determination as she stopped the woman's attack on her opponent.

 

Taris stared in shock as realized the new figure in the arena was Commander 
Meiru Star. Meiru extracted her sword and blocked the other's
onslaught. The woman stepped back and sneered at the commander. 

 

"How dare you defy me. Do you think you can best me, little one?"

 

Meiru shuddered at how calm and bitter the woman's voice was. She locked her 
purple eyes onto the tiny black pupils of her opponent. 

 

"You were to display your abilities, not take an innocent life in a practice 
fight." Meiru challenged back.

 

The other woman nodded. "Very well then, child. We shall see how well you do, 
and this way, you can show your master how weak you really are."

 

Meiru stepped back as the woman swung her sword violently in her direction. She 
blocked it in time and felt herself sliding back from the
woman's force. 

 

"You aren't suppose to fight me. I AM your superior and I demand that you drop 
your weapon immediately." Meiru rasped breathlessly.

 

The woman smirked. "Such big talk from such a little fish. You balance yourself 
between good and evil, which side are you leaning on? Perhaps,
his side. For what he has done to me, makes you rejoice. Tell me, if this is 
wrong, is that which your master has done, right?"

 

Meiru gasped and stumbled back landing on her backside. She looked up with fear 
glazed eyes at the woman. She was right. If killing an innocent
was wrong, was what Taris had done to this woman, right? She shook her head no. 

 

"No. It's not right. Things like this are never right. It is wrong of him to use 
you as a weapon. You can stop this, you don't have to fight." Meiru
explained hopefully.

 

The woman just laughed as she advanced on Meiru, her energy sword glowing with 
hatred. "You are wrong, little fish. Your master will not allow
me to be free. His bidding is at my will and I, am at his disposal. Can you not 
understand the concept of it all?"

 

Meiru cringed on the floor of the arena. For some reason, the woman stopped her 
advances and cast a glance to Meiru. She could have sworn she
saw a forlorn look on the woman's face as they flashed an emerald green.

 

When she spoke, there was fear in her voice instead of malice. "Stand up for 
what is wrong, and give a helping hand for what is right. Do not
follow in his shadows, make your own light, Meiru."

 

Meiru was shocked to hear such words from the woman who had tried to kill her. 
The woman tossed something to her and stood back. She waited
until Meiru had picked the object up before she let a piercing battle cry. 
Without warning, the woman restarted her attack on poor commander.

 

Meiru had a few scratches and bruises and it was possible she had some bruised 
or busted ribs. She had managed to dodge all of the woman's
attacks, but every so often one would slip through her defenses. In due time, 
Meiru was hunched over on the floor, clutching her chest.

 

She gasped for air as she sat helpless in the middle of the arena. She looked up 
in time to see the woman's sword heading straight for her heart.
Meiru never flinched or blinked. It wasn't until something stopped the woman's 
sword that she moved. She focused her eyes on someone before
her.

 

Taris stood with his sword in hand protecting Meiru. The other woman had reared 
back in the fear of her master. She cringed slightly as he glared
at her. 

 

"There is no killing in the training arena, my dear Anemone. Please save your 
energy and rage for the real task at hand. You are dismissed." Taris
told her bluntly. He turned to the now out cold Meiru and picked her up. 
Glancing over his shoulder he nodded to the man on the ground and then
to Anemone.

 

Anemone sighed and scooped the man up in her arms. She was a machine to kill, 
not a packhorse. But she didn't dare speak out against her master
and therefore, kept her tongue in check as she followed him to the sick bay.

 

Taris licked his lips. This was going better than he had hoped. His new warrior 
was perfect. She had brawn, beauty, brains and guts. All the mixings
for the most perfect fighter, rolled into one voluptuous woman. Taris smiled. 
Yes, the third act was starting with his, Anemone, as the opening
huntress.

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Three ~

 

Akima tapped her fingernails lightly on her desk. She shifted her eyes up 
without moving her head and looked over her class. Silence filled the
room with the exceptional scraping of pencils and pens on paper and the 
occasional rubbing of an eraser.

 

From the corner of her eye, she saw Kari fidgeting. Kari never fidgeted during a 
test or even a lecture. Akima wondered if perhaps, she was sick.
Kari's green eyes swept upwards to see Akima staring at her. Kari gave a silent 
and nervous laugh and went back to her test.

 

Akima shrugged her shoulders and went back to grading her first period classes 
essays on Bode's Law. About an hour later, she glanced at her
watch and stood up. 

 

"Okay, time's up. Please pass your papers to the front."

 

A young man still scribbled on his test paper. Akima sighed and waltzed to his 
desk. She reached down and took the paper from the desk.

 

"Usually when one says time is up Mr. Otomo, it means to stop writing, place 
your pencil on the desk and pass your paper to the person in front
of you. Let's try to keep it that way, shall we?" Akima asked jokingly.

 

"Yes professor."

 

Akima nodded. She started back to her desk when turned back to him. "By the way, 
I saw your mural in the teacher's office. And it's very nice.
Keep up the good work."

 

The student thanked her and tilted his head back. Akima collected the stacks of 
papers and dropped them on her desk. Facing her class she smiled.

 

"Now, I know that this is only the second week in this semester, but you all 
have shown great potential in your studies. And in return for your hard
work, I have arranged a special session in the planetarium. A party, if you 
will. Just as long as we keep the noise to a minimum." She exclaimed.

 

All the students whooped and cheered. Akima shook her head. 

 

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is not going to cut it. You will have to promise to be 
on good behavior and not be so rowdy. I know how you college
kids can get and if we weren't in school, I'd join in the fun. Believe me I 
would. Okay, but first and foremost, for God's sake and my sanity, no
SEX OR ALCOHOL!"

 

A few groaned in complaint but agreed. Akima sat down. "Okay, since that's 
settled, I want you all to take out a sheet of paper. Notebook paper
preferably. Pair off into six groups of five. Sit wherever you like, except in 
another person's lap! Do that now, please."

 

Students got up and scrambled around the room, chairs were turned around 
backwards and students sat on top of the desks. Akima looked up to
see that Kari was still sitting in her seat, a blank stare on her face. She 
noted the girl's blanked state and turned to the others.

 

"Okay. I'm going to give each of you a posterboard and I want you to draw a 
design on it. You must all work together, and share the
responsibilities of the job. What you are doing is designing a new mural for the 
auditorium of our Astrology department to go on the ceiling."
Akima paused to breathe.

 

"You are to design something that has to with our department. Stars, planets, 
nebulas, galaxies- heck even aliens if it's what you want. You can use
your books and the terminals. But, I want you to keep it original. It's very 
imperative that you make your own design. You may begin."

 

Akima strode over to Kari and knelt down by her desk.

 

"Kari? Is something the matter?" She asked her worriedly.

 

Kari blinked. "No, Professor. Everything is fine."

 

Akima quirked an eyebrow at the girl. "Somehow, I get the feeling that you're 
lying to me. It's not a habit I favor on any standard, but, if you feel
that talking about it won't help, then I won't press the case anymore."

 

Kari took a deep breath. Akima placed a hand on Kari's shoulder. "Why don't you 
go find a group and get to work. Okay?"

 

"Okay." Kari replied mutely. She stood up and went to a group. They gladly moved 
over and let her join them so that she could help with the
designs.

 

Half an hour later, the bell rang. Some students complained about having to 
leave while others raced from the room. Akima stopped the students
before they were able to escape. "Just remember, the hour you have for lunch, 
you report to the planetarium instead. You're free to go."

 

Soon, Akima found herself alone in her class. She gathered her long blue hair in 
her hand and tied it back with a black ribbon. She straightened her
desk and grabbed her briefcase and the folder of test papers from its surface 
and quickly left the room. Akima hurried down the hall to her office.

 

As she rounded the corner she ran into someone. Akima skidded back and caught 
herself on the wall. She looked up see a woman about her age
scowling at her. Her silky black hair hung in her face and her ruby red eyes 
glowed. Akima cringed and apologized to her.

 

"Akima! Can't you watch where you're going? Sheesh, it's a good thing I have 
insurance. With you around I may need it." Someone accused as they
bent to pick up scattered papers on the floor.

 

Akima forced herself to laugh. "Uh, look- Lani, I'm really sorry about that. I'm 
in a hurry. Here." She handed Lani her stack of papers.

 

"So what else is new? You know, Akima- you best be glad that the Director's of 
the Board have high favors of you, because if it was just me, I'd
have fired you by now." Lani snapped as she snatched her papers from Akima and 
stormed down the hall to the Teacher's Lounge.

 

"What a bitch!" Akima muttered as she continued to her office. "That woman 
irritates me to no end. Ugh!"

 

Laughter from behind her made her jump. Traven scolded her playfully, mischief 
glimmering in his violet blue eyes.

 

"Shut the hell up, Traven. It's not funny." Akima retorted as she smacked him 
softly.

 

Traven calmed down but still chuckled. "I know. But the look on your face, that 
frown was worth all the misery in the world. Besides, no one gives
a flying rat's ass about Lani. She's always been like that, I guess. Probably 
why she's still not married. No man wants to be married to something
like that."

 

Akima giggled. "Probably. So hey, you got the free lunch period, don't you?"

 

Traven nodded. "Mmm-hmm. Why?"

 

Akima gave him a look. "Because, my class is having a party in the planetarium 
during lunch. You can join us if you'd like. I thought I'd grab Ikera
and let her come. It's only polite to ask you."

 

Akima ran an index finger across his chest. She winked at him and went inside 
her office. Traven followed and closed the door. 

 

"Sounds interesting. Maybe I'll take you up on that offer. Lunch you said?"

 

Akima confirmed the time of the party when she gave him a funny look. Traven 
smirked.

 

"I get the point." He added as he sat in a chair.

 

Akima sighed and pulled some papers from her briefcase. Traven took a few of 
them and looked over the pages. 

 

"Want some help with these?" He asked sincerely.

 

Akima gave him a tired look. "If you don't mind. I could really use it."

 

She handed him a pen and the answer key. He started scrolling through the tests 
as Akima began grading her own papers. Traven was half way done
when there was a knock on the door. 

 

Traven got up and opened it. 

 

"Oh. Excuse me. I was looking for Professor Murasaki."

 

Akima lifted her head to see the visitor. Concern flashed in her eyes as she saw 
that it was Kari standing there. Akima stood up and watched her.

 

"Kari? Something the matter?" She questioned softly.

 

Kari gave Traven a nervous glance and then stared at Akima. Kari's green eyes 
pleaded with her, her expression weary. Akima caught on and
looked at Traven.

 

"Traven. Would you mind...?" Akima started. 

 

Traven stopped her. "No problem. I guess I'll see you at the planetarium. I'll 
inform Ikera about it. So I guess, I'll be going now. Bye."

 

Traven quickly left. Akima gazed at Kari from across her desk to see that Kari's 
lip had begun to quiver. 

 

"I know this isn't your business hours, and I didn't mean to interrupt 
anything." Kari apologized.

 

Akima shook her head. "Don't worry about it. My office is always open, as long 
as I'm in here. What's on your mind?" 

 

Akima pointed to a chair. Kari sat down and began to sob. Akima crouched beside 
her and tried to comfort her. Before Akima knew it, Kari had
thrown her arms around her neck and was crying uncontrollably.

 

******

 

Taris held his breath and then sighed in relief. As soon as he let his guard 
down, the sneeze that had threatened to be released earlier escaped.
Taris wiped his nose and looked up to see if he had disturbed the sleeping 
figure.

 

Satisfied that she was still asleep, Taris sat back and relaxed. His eyelids 
began to get heavy when he heard movement on the other side if the
room. 

Taris lifted his gaze to see to dull purple eyes staring at him. Taris smiled 
and crossed to the bed. 

 

"How are you feeling?" He asked the person.

 

Taris watched her raise a hand to her head and wince. She immediately gripped 
her rib cage and sucked in a breath.

 

Taris knelt down and pressed a hand on the left side of her rib cage. 

 

The figure whimpered and tried to pull away from him.

 

"Meiru, if you don't stop struggling then you're going to make it worse." He 
scolded her.

 

Meiru scowled but stopped moving. She kindly pried his hand away from her ribs 
and sat back. "What happened? And where exactly, am I?"

 

Taris snickered. "Obviously, you don't remember fighting Anemone. But, that's 
natural. You had quite a bad report from the doctor. A few bruised
ribs, one of course is cracked, a greenstick fracture in your acromion, which is 
this." He pointed to a swollen area at the end of her shoulder.

 

"That's probably why it hurts like hell." Meiru grumbled and looked down.

 

She quickly drug the covers up around her when she noticed she didn't have a 
shirt on. Instead, she had a bandage wrapped around her chest and
ribs. Taris shook his head slowly.

 

"Anyway, you'll have to stay in bed for a few days. Your shoulder will be giving 
you the most trouble out of your injuries. But, the doc says you'll
be good as new in no time." Taris replied tenderly.

 

He stood up and pulled something from the table. He handed her a glass and sat 
down on the edge of the bed. Meiru stared at the red liquid inside
the goblet and cast an accusing glance at him. Taris ignored her and sipped the 
beverage from his own glass.

 

"You didn't happen to poison this, did you?" Meiru asked seriously.

 

Taris chuckled. "Of course not. Why would I want to do something like that?"

 

Meiru shrugged causing pain to crawl up through her shoulder to her neck. Taris 
reached out and brushed her bangs from her face.

 

"What you did out there, for that soldier, was brave. But, why did you risk your 
life for someone on a lower rank than yourself?" He asked firmly.

 

Meiru rolled her eyes. "Because he was a comrade, even if I was his superior. I 
don't leave my men behind, nor do I let them die for some... stupid
practice fight that turns out to be a mere show for pleasure."

 

Taris nodded in acknowledgment. He stood up and walked to the window of his 
room. Staring out at the stars, he asked, "Exactly, what was it that
you discussed with Anemone during her fit of rage?"

 

Meiru's head snapped up. "What?!"

 

Taris watched her reflection. She had set aside the glass and was clutching the 
blue blanket tightly in her fists.

 

"I want to know what you, and Anemone, were talking about. She did abruptly stop 
during her charge, said something to you and then went back to
her rampage. What did she, tell you?" He asked again with a stern tone.

 

Meiru sighed. "That, it was wrong. I ordered her to stop the fight, but she said 
she would only listen to her master. Which happens to be you. I told
her that killing an innocent makes her a murderer. And she asked me, that if the 
fighting and killing like that were wrong, if it made what you did
to her, right."

 

Taris tipped his glass sideways. "Kinky. I'd have to say, Anemone has the brains 
that would put even the goddess Tsunami to shame."

 

Meiru snorted. "Whatever. Look, she's right. What you did to her... brainwashing 
her like that, goes against everything you use to stand for."

 

Taris turned to face her, a look of bewilderment on his face. "I don't know what 
you're talking about." He lied airily.

 

"Don't play dumb with me, Taris. I'm not some dumbass blonde. I know all about 
you, Brigadier General Kominski. You used to be an agent for
GSFA, until you were caught giving leadway to the criminals. You were smuggling 
them out of jail. What kind of Officer were you anyway?!"
Meiru shouted.

 

"Oh yes. I remember the day they reported that a young General of their precinct 
was taken into custody by his own commanding officer. What
happened? You were the sole heir to the throne of Alpha Centauri. You had 
everything. And you blew it by screwing around with the system." She
added hastily.

 

Taris grimaced at her words. They were true, and Taris knew that the truth hurt.

 

"Taris, why you would put your career and nobility on the line of fire for some 
friend who was accused of first degree murder is beyond me. That
guy was a killer, and you were going to set him free. When they realized what 
you were up to, they tried arresting you too, but you fought back.
Why?"

 

Meiru's question lingered in the silence. Finally, Taris answered her. 

 

"Because I wasn't about to go down without a fight. I fought to the bitter end 
because I wasn't the one at fault, Meiru. My 'commanding officer', Lt.
General Hakubi was the one to blame. She fired on me first when she had no right 
to. The GSFA didn't care though that she too was at fault."

 

Meiru closed her eyes. "You're wrong Taris. You did something wrong, something 
that went against the code of any Protection Officer. You
assisted the criminal. Lt. General Hakubi did what she had to without being 
arrested herself for aiding you while being apprehended. She arrested
you."

 

Meiru paused and looked out the window. "Just because you committed a crime as 
big as the suspect you were arresting did, didn't mean you had
to have revenge on the one who not only ruined you, but helped you."

 

Taris looked at her. "Helped me? In what way did that conniving little bitch 
help me? Huh?"

 

Meiru sighed. "She made out the report, didn't she?"

 

Taris nodded deftly.

 

"Taris, did you ever read Agent Hakubi's report? She has in there that you had 
claimed to not be feeling well before going up to arrest the
criminal. She clearly stated that she was at fault for ordering you to go up 
anyway. She also wrote down that your ship malfunctioned during your
apprehension."

 

Taris spun around and just stared at her with wide eyes. "Maybe so, but the 
court used those allegations against me. Somehow I think that Agent
Hakubi put those there because she knew the court would see it in her defense. 
If I was sick, I'd have stayed home. If my ship malfunctioned, I'd
have ejected."

 

Taris squeezed his glass and then released the pressure. "They could have gone 
either way, but because my friend claimed that he knew me and
that I had promised to help spring him, they busted me as well."

 

Meiru looked away from. "But, she did try to help you. Didn't she?" 

 

"No." Taris whispered. "Agent Hakubi had the authority to call for a house 
arrest on my part until a trial by fire could be conducted. The court
suggested it, but it was declined because of Agent Hakubi's notes in the file. 
She so screwed me up. My parents disowned me after that."

 

Meiru nodded. "Your family I can understand. But, I don't get why you're trying 
to do this to her. And now if you're caught by the GP, you'll be
arrested again for assault and kidnap. Taris, please. You gotta let her go."

 

Taris threw his wineglass against the wall. "Like hell I will, Meiru. Besides, I 
won't be the one caught in action when the GP come around anyway.
She will be the one at the scene of the crime. She will be the one who is 
arrested, and regarded as being dangerous. She'll be put away for a long
time...."

 

Taris trailed off as he smiled. "And when they put her away for not only 
destroying the planets Alpha-Centauri and Winblum, but she'll most likely
be executed for destroying Juari and murdering thousands of innocent people 
along with the emperor and his wives. Then, my revenge will be
complete."

 

Meiru shuddered. She knew she had to do something to stop him, but what. She saw 
her jacket on the nearby nightstand and snatched it up. She
reached into a side pocket and found the object in which Anemone had thrown to 
her during their battle.

 

Meiru pulled the small locket from the pocket and opened it carefully. Inside 
was a picture of a young woman surrounded by different faces. She
immediately recognized the Princesses Ayeka and Sasami and knew exactly where to 
go to for help.

 

******

 

Akima set the phone down into the cradle and looked at the forlorn girl from 
across the room. Kari's eyes were red-rimmed and bloodshot, her
tears had long since ceased and now left salt trails down her cheeks. Her hands 
wrung a slip of cloth tightly like an old fashioned washer.

 

Akima fought back the tears and tried to imagine the pain this girl was going 
through. She drug a hand down her face to rub her eyes and then
rested her chin in her hand. Her mind began to play back the events that had 
just taken place.

 

* Flashback *

 

"Kari? Are you okay? What's wrong?" Akima asked the same questions over and over 
again hoping the girl would respond. Finally, Kari let her go
and stared into her lap. 

 

"Miss. Murasaki- I've done something terrible. I don't know what happened, or 
why I did what I did. But, I'm so scared. I thought I was scared
before, but now I'm petrified. I don't know what's going to happen to me." Kari 
hung her head in her hands and started crying again.

 

"Kari- you have to tell me what happened so that I can help you. Please. Tell me 
what the problem is." Akima pleaded with her student, she herself
on the verge of tears.

 

Kari shook her head. "If I tell, then they'll take me away. They'll lock me 
up... again. And I won't be able to handle it. I just know that it they lock
me up again I'll snap. Please, don't let them take me away."

 

Akima took a deep breath. She gripped Kari's shoulders and gave her a slight 
shake. 

 

"Kari! Dammit, tell me what happened. I won't let them take you away without 
knowing why they'd take you away and lock you up in the first
place. Just take a deep breath and tell me everything from the beginning. We'll 
find a way around this, I promise." Akima begged her gingerly.

 

Kari sniffled. "I was orphaned at the age of three. I've been through at least 
20 different foster homes and adopted twice. Both times I was
rejected. The third family that adopted me kept me. But only for the money. My 
adopted father has been beating me since I was six. That started
13 years ago." 

 

Akima sat back stunned. Kari reminded her so much of herself when she was her 
age. Her father beating her. And her mother. And then being
controlled by him. She hated him for what he had done to her and her mother. 
Beat her, killed her mother, and used her as a puppet. And so much
more and worse.

 

Kari stared at Akima and frowned. "And, he...he came home last night drunk as he 
has never been drunk before. He and my mother started arguing.
My mother fought him like she always does. But, this time- he went over the 
edge. He stabbed her to death right in front of me. And then
he...he...."

 

Kari was shaking badly and Akima tried calming her down but to no avail. 

 

"He tried to attack me but I was able to get away. I found his handgun in the 
closet and when he rushed at me with the knife...." Kari trailed off
again. "I shot him. I fired every round that the gun would allow me. I don't 
know why, but I just fired. I squeezed the trigger and shot him six
times."

 

At that point, Kari completely broke down. Akima stroked her hair and whispered 
soothing advice to her.

 

"Kari, you shot your father out of self defense. They can't lock you up for 
that. At least not in jail. And as far as you being taken away, you are old
enough to be on your own. You no longer have to live under someone. You can be 
your own person, now." Akima reassured her.

 

"No. They will still lock me, Miss. Murasaki. I just know they will. I'd rather 
take my own life than to be locked up in that hellhole one more
time."

 

Akima shuddered at how much they were alike. She pushed Kari back and wiped the 
limp bangs from the girl's face.

 

"Kari, let me tell you something. When I was your age, my father beat me and 
mother as well. More my mother than me because she stepped in
for me. One night, I came home and he attacked me. I too, managed to get away. 
But I didn't get very far." Akima looked down and then back to
Kari.

 

"I ran and hid in my mother's room. When I got there, I found my mother 
entangled in the bed sheets. She had been shot at point blank rage in the
chest. She had a deep gash on her thigh from a knife and she was covered in 
bruises and blood. My father, caught me and tortured me." Akima
sobbed.

 

Kari listened intently. "I'm, different than you, Kari. My father was able to 
control me, and manipulate my body. I destroyed so many planets, and
murdered so many innocent, men, women, and children. Until finally, someone from 
my past helped me. Helped me to escape my father."

 

Kari tilted her head. "You were lucky. You did not have to free yourself."

 

Akima looked taken aback. "Maybe not. But, it was hard nonetheless. I lived for 
many years as a puppet for my father until I was set free. I've been
free from his torture for about 8 years now. But, I will never be free from the 
nightmares and my past memories. I have to learn to live with them
instead."

 

Akima grasped Kari's hands. "Kari, you have to go to the police about this. If 
you don't and someone finds out about what happened, then they will
lock you up because they'll see it as homicide. If you don't report it, they'll 
arrest you for murder. Please. They will believe that you did it in self
defense."

 

Kari hesitated for a moment as she thought about it. "Alright. But, you promised 
that they wouldn't take me away. What happens if they do?"

 

Akima hung her shoulder forward. "They may take you to the courthouse to file a 
report. But, I don't think they'll lock you for a self-defense case.
They may even put you under house arrest until they have all the evidence they 
need to prove your innocence. If that happens, you'll stay with me.
Okay?"

 

Kari nodded. Akima smiled sadly and stood up. 

 

"So, you agree that we should call the police?" Akima asked.

 

Kari gave her answer with a slight nod.

 

"Alright then. Do you want to do it, or should I?"

 

Kari turned fear filled emerald eyes to Akima. "I don't think I'd be able to 
bring myself to tell them. Not right now, anyway."

 

Akima nodded proudly, sat down at her desk and picked up the phone.

 

* End Flashback *

 

'And here we are. Waiting for the police to arrive. I wonder how she'll take it 
should they want to place her under supervision at the jailhouse?'
Akima asked herself for what seemed like the hundredth time.

 

Kari sat so still, that Akima had actually thought the girls fear had petrified 
her for good. But little motions like her eye blinking or her finger
twitching proved her wrong. It seemed like hours had gone by when in actuality, 
only half an hour had passed. Finally, the long awaited knock
came on the door.

_________________________________________________________ 

 

~ Sub-Chapter Four ~

 

Anemone crossed the field slowly. Her prey cowering like a baby. She laughed her 
spine-chilling laugh as she extended her sword and brought it
down upon the young woman. Her head had been sliced off and rolled beside the 
body. Blood dripped from her neck and pooled around her body. 

 

Anemone smiled. The woman would scream no more for her mouth was frozen in a 
wide 'O' of terror. Her blue eyes stared up at the sky
lifelessly. Moments later, one of the woman's eyes began to droop shut until it 
looked as if she were winking. Anemone smirked and suddenly
vanished.

 

She reappeared on the bridge of the Gegenschein with a look of satisfaction on 
her face. Blood stained her hand and her blue outfit. Red spots
speckled her neck and face. And her shoes had left blood footprints.

 

Taris entered the bridge with a smug grin plastered on his lips and a limping 
Meiru following close behind. Lynx gave the report to Taris and
confirmed that Anemone had finished her mission without a single slip up. 

 

She had executed a perfect assassination on King Arcturus and then successfully 
took Queen Scylla out of the equation as well. Taris nodded
happily and then crossed to the vid-screen displaying the planet Alpha-Centauri. 
His own weapon had destroyed his home planet.

 

Meiru fought back the tears as she thought of the millions of people who had 
just lost their lives at the hand of their once denounced prince. His
people, his home, his parents. All slain by him, but through Anemone. She 
shifted her weight as Taris congratulated his killing machine.

 

Meiru feigned dizziness and told Lynx that if Taris were to ask, that she'd be 
in her room, sleeping. She quickly went down the hall to the spare
room Taris had set up for her. Looking around to see if she was alone, she 
entered the room and pulled out a small device.

 

She activated the small gadget and soon found herself in the control room of the 
Kuroshio. Meiru sighed with relief to know that the
teleportation sphere worked perfectly. She hobbled over to the Comm. system and 
turned it own. A few lights blinked and a few stray radio
signals blared in her ears.

 

Meiru waited for the screen to blink to life before entering some codes on the 
entry pad. She waited and hoped that she had put in the right codes
for if she didn't then she'd be discovered and who knew what Taris did to those 
who betrayed him. Meiru silently prayed that her signal would be
heard.

 

******

 

Taris grinned his excitement as he and Anemone went over the details for her 
next mission. He kept glancing at the vid-window that showed the
palace of his father and mother burning to the ground. A few people, barely 
alive, ran away screaming as their empire went up in flames.

 

He couldn't hold his joy in any longer and spun around to see that Meiru had 
disappeared. Taris narrowed his eyes.

 

"Lynx? Where did Commander Star go to?"

 

Lynx snapped to attention and stared at him. "She said that she started to feel 
dizzy and to tell you that she retired to her room."

 

Taris frowned. "How long has she been gone?"

 

Lynx checked his watch and shrugged. "I'd say about 25 minutes ago. Why?"

 

Taris growled. "If she was feeling lightheaded, perhaps someone should go check 
on her." He quickly added, "To make sure she's alright, of
course."

 

Lynx noted the tone switch in the Admiral's voice and quickly left to check on 
the commander. Anemone watched him go and sneered. 

 

"Why do you let him get away with looking at you like that? You are the Admiral 
and his superior, are you not?" Anemone questioned dryly.

 

Taris slid his eyes to her and smiled. "Because he is a trustworthy soldier. And 
he has been with me from the start of all this. Now, Commander
Star is another story. Quite the rebellious one she is and that's why I like 
her. She's not afraid to speak her mind, and yet she'll follow me like a
blind puppy."

 

Anemone grinned. From the corner of her eye she saw the movement of something 
golden-blonde surrounded by a blue and white outline.

 

{Commander Meiru Star...he who desires you, will lead you to trouble should you 
come calling for it. And believe me, if you do, then I'll make
sure you get trouble, as you have never had it before.} Anemone whispered to 
herself as someone fled from their hiding spot in the corner and
vanished.

 

Anemone smiled to herself. {Like he said. They'll follow behind like little 
blind puppies. And that's just what I plan on making them do.}

 

Taris turned his attention to Anemone and wrinkled his brow. He waved a hand 
before her causing her to look up quickly. Her red streaked, black
hair flowed over her shoulders and cascaded around her face and down her back.

 

The faded outline of a stemmed black star seemed to twinkle as if it were real. 
Taris found himself staring into her narrow black eyes. Past the
blackness of her pupils, a small hint of green could just barely be made out in 
the light's that illuminated the bridge. 

 

 

Anemone stepped away from Taris and winked at him. She wrinkled her nose and 
turned to the view screen.

 

"My Lord. What do you desire me to do now? Pillage colony JS6 or Jurai?"

 

He ran his eyes over her. "Perhaps, Jurai. Since they are the ones who refused 
to appeal the case of my innocence. Come Anemone, we have lots
to do before we reach Jurai." Taris offered her his hand.

 

Anemone took it and followed him from the bridge of the ship to the briefing 
room. When they got there, they found Lynx trying to console a
sobbing Meiru. Taris dropped Anemone's hand and knelt beside the woman on the 
floor.

 

"Meiru? What's wrong? Are you alright?" He asked with concern.

 

Meiru glared him, the anger playing in her purple eyes. "I'm fine."

 

Taris cringed at her vile tone but never moved. "Perhaps, you should rest a 
while? Or at least take something for the pain."

 

Anemone grinned. There would never be any medicine to cure the pain Meiru was 
feeling at the moment. So many people suffered from it, it was
more or less, a growing pain. 

 

Meiru glared daggers at Anemone and then hurriedly averted her gaze away from 
the wicked woman. Anemone sat down in a seat across from
Meiru and watched her with beady black eyes. Taris finally stood up and took a 
seat at the end of the table. Pulling up a map, he began to explain
the next mission.

 

******

 

Akima sat on the couch with her legs tucked underneath her. A mug of hot 
chocolate rested in her hands. Her eyes were focused on her big
screen as the evening news came on. >From the other room, she could her Ikera 
cheering herself on as she played a video game.

 

Akima sat back and tried to block out the many 'yes's- no's- alright's- and damn 
it's' that Ikera was slinging at the computer opponent on the
television.

 

Her eyes trained in on the news reporter in front of her.

 

"Tonight on WLNN -Evening News Report we'll show the latest Weather reports, 
Sports Scores, and Stock and <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns
= "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />Bond Points. And here is Dieter 
Sykes with this evening's main story. Deirdre.

 'Thank you Deus. Tonight we bring you the sad news of Winblum's ally and 
neighboring planet, Alpha-Centauri. As you can see,
Alpha-Centauri was literally demolished this afternoon by what survivors call a 
Demon. Though still uncertain at this point as to what did
this kind of destruction, it's not hard to say that whoever was behind it, is 
indeed powerful. As you can see, the palace was burned
completely down and the many businesses and homes were destroyed as well. GP and 
GSFA officials have already announced the death's
of King Arcturus and his wife, Queen Scylla. Both beheaded with what appears to 
be a very sharp and heated sword. 

 Reports have also said that the few survivors, who made it out alive, have 
described at least one person behind the act. Officials are
looking for a woman, in her mid-twenties to mid-thirties, with long black hair 
and red highlights, that may have been spotted in the vicinity
of Jurai's outskirts." 

 

The newswoman held up a police drawing of a young looking woman with small dark 
eyes and long hair. On her forehead was a faint sketch of a
star with a long tail coming from one of its points.

 

Akima felt that she had seen that woman before somewhere but she couldn't 
remember exactly where. They showed a few video clips of the still
burning palace and the pillaged homes and numerous buildings. 

 

"If you have any clues or information on the suspect, please call 1-999-324-GSFA 
or 1-888-607-GPHQ. And now back to you Deus."

 "Thank you, Deirdre. Wow. I know there are many people who are shocked by this 
turn of events. The last time a planet came out that
mangled was when Space Pirate Ryoko came through Jurai's system nearly 700 years 
ago. In other news...."

 

Akima cringed. Yes, it had been more than 700 years ago that Jurai had been 
attacked. But, certainly, not that much damage had been dealt. Or had
it.

 

She shook her head and noticed that it had grown dark outside. She got up and 
padded to the kitchen with her coffee mug. Minutes later she stuck
her head out of the kitchen and shouted, "Hey, Ikera? If you want to eat dinner, 
I suggest you get your ass in gear."

 

Ikera skidded into the kitchen on socked feet and slid smack dab into the pantry 
door. "Ouch." She muttered as she slid to the floor. 

 

Akima sighed and stepped over her. "Just make sure you regain consciousness 
before it gets cold. Kay?"

 

Ikera pushed herself up from the floor and slid into a chair. She looked at the 
plate in front of her and wrinkled her nose. "What's this?" She asked
loudly.

 

Akima raised an eyebrow at the girl. "Pizza on a bagel. Eat."

 

Ikera picked a bagel up and watched the cheese slid off the sides onto the 
plate. Closing her eyes, she took a big bite, chewed, and then finally
swallowed. Akima stared at her, her thoughts wondering if Ikera had finally 
snapped upstairs.

 

Ikera dropped the bagel and grabbed her throat. She gagged, coughed and shook. 
Finally, she fell out of the chair onto her back and convulsed a
few times. Akima sat with an elbow on the table, her head in her hand and her 
fingers drumming the wooden surface. Her eyes were narrow slits
as she frowned.

 

Ikera opened her right eye and looked up. Then she opened her other eye. Akima 
glanced down just in time to see the girl's eyes flutter shut.

 

"Get up off the floor. You don't have to eat if you don't want to."

 

Ikera sighed. She sat up and then slowly rose to her feet. "I didn't say I 
didn't like it. I was just practicing."

 

Akima rolled her eyes. "Whatever." 

 

Something brown came scurrying into the kitchen and ran up to Akima. It meowed 
and looked up with pitiful eyes. Akima blinked and watched the
cat. "And what do you want, Little Ryo-Ohki?"

 

The cat meowed again and Akima's eyes got large.

 

She forced a smile and then stood. "Be right back. Forget to feed her."

 

She picked the cat up and left the kitchen. Once they were in the vicinity of 
Akima's room, she looked at the cat.

 

"Please tell me you are joking?"

 

Ryo-Ohki shook her head no.

 

"And you're sure it's her?"

 

Ryo-Ohki nodded.

 

"Fine. I'll contact Korso. Go eat."

 

Ryo-Ohki gave a sharp 'miya' and leapt off the bed and out the room. 

 

Akima hurried to the living room, where she picked up the phone. 

 

Ikera watched from the doorway of the kitchen, half a bagel hung from the corner 
of her mouth and in her hands she held Ryo-Ohki. 

 

Akima called the docking bay and asked for Captain Korso. She glanced at Ikera 
and made a face. Her expression soon dropped as she looked
ahead and out the window.

 

"Captain Korso? This is Akima Murasaki."

 

"Yes. I'm doing good and you?- Great. Hey, listen, I think we may have some 
trouble coming our way.- No. It doesn't have anything to do with
what happened on Alpha-Centauri.- Yes. It's very disturbing.- Actually, I do 
believe our little friend, Nagi will be paying us a visit in about 10
minutes."

 

Akima paused and began twisting the phone cord around her index finger. She 
nodded a few times and then pursed her lips together. "Right.- Okay
but how...?- Oh, I see.- No, no. That's fine. If it keeps her from finding out, 
then by all means, be my guest.- Yes. She can be a pain in the ass."

 

Ikera cocked her head and drifted into the living room and plopped down on the 
couch. Akima watched her carefully. She sighed and looked away.
"Yes. It's true. But how did you know?- From my ship. I knew you knew of Nagi's 
but- actually, yeah I have. Why?- A monument?- I had no idea."

 

Akima dropped to the floor in a sitting position. "No. None what so ever.- I 
really did that?- But, I don't understand, why me?- So, while I was, um,
on Jurai, causing trouble, that bought the regent time to declare Winblum's 
independence?- Amazing. It looks nothing like me though...."

 

Ikera scrunched her brow together and tried to piece together Akima's 
conversation. Akima looked like she was on the verge of tears as she sat
fidgeting with the black phone cord. 

 

"It's an honor to be viewed that way, really, but...-I know, it's just that, no 
one has ever done something like that for me before.- I understand
Winblum is different than Earth.-No, not really.-NOW?! But, it's to soon!- 
Right.-Thank you and remember, Nagi isn't a fool.- Good luck to you
too.-Bye."

 

Akima hung the phone up and sat there dazed. She noticed Ikera's hazel eyes 
locked her form. She smiled weakly and turned hurt filled eyes to the
young girl on the couch. Ryo-Ohki was cuddled in her lap, purring out of the 
happiness she found as Ikera scratched her chin.

 

Ikera never took her eyes off of Akima. "What? Do I have sauce on my face?" The 
girl asked, her hand wiping her mouth.

 

Akima shook her head. "You've known all along, haven't you?"

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Five ~

 

 

"Admiral, Sir? You got a minute?"

 

Taris looked over his shoulder to see Lynx's right-hand man.

 

"What is it Ensign Segawa?" Taris questioned with irritation.

 

He had been trying to map out back up plans for his next mission, but every time 
he thought he'd have piece and quiet, someone would interrupt
him.

 

"SIR! Vice-Admiral Lynx, wishes to see you in the training center, SIR!" 

 

Taris pushed his chair back and got up. "Very well. Carry on with whatever you 
were doing, Ensign."

 

"Thank you SIR!" Segawa saluted and left the room.

 

Taris grumbled the whole walk to the training arena but stopped when he saw 
Anemone, clad in her blue battle outfit, sparring against a
holographic opponent.

 

Lynx and Commander Star stood side by side, discussing Anemone's techniques and 
what they could do to make them stronger, more accurate, or
not so defensive.

 

Taris cleared his throat. Lynx and Meiru spun around and saluted.

 

"SIR!" They greeted together.

 

"Lynx. Commander Star. Segawa said that you wished to see me. Please make it 
quick, I'm in the middle of the backup plans."

 

Meiru shot him a look. "If you don't just shutup and listen, then you won't need 
those backup plans, Admiral." She muttered sharply.

 

"Commander! Uh-uhn, bad." Lynx chided with a hint of sarcasm.

 

"No, no. Quite all right. Tell me, Commander Star- what did that little outburst 
mean, exactly?" Taris questioned authoritatively.

 

Meiru crossed her arms and sat down on a nearby stool. "Take a look at this." 
She picked a holo-pad up from the control panel and tossed it to
him.

 

Taris caught it and skimmed over it. "So? What about it?"

 

Lynx sighed and nodded. Meiru picked up an identical pad and tossed it to Taris 
as well. He studied it but still didn't have a clue.

 

"Admiral. The first holo-pad I gave you was all of Anemone's ability, technique 
and evasive maneuver percentages before she attacked
Alpha-Centauri. The second one, is the percentage scans of her now. She can't 
keep doing this." Meiru explained.

 

Taris looked the holo-pads over again and paled. "You're telling me that, she is 
losing her abilities after every battle?"

 

Meiru groaned. "No."

 

Taris looked relieved.

 

"We're telling you that she's losing little by little in everything. Abilities, 
maneuvers, technique, strength, intellect.... life. The more she fights, or
trains she loses energy. The energy she possessed before you got a hold of her 
was very high. But, the energy she has now, has weakened her."
Meiru told him.

 

Taris didn't look so good. "So, each time she trains, or uses her power, she 
dies a little each time. That's not good. Not good all."

 

"We know. But, a study has shown that the more she trains, then her life force 
goes back up by a little bit. But each time she uses her energy, she
loses about 10%, plus what she built up during training. So if she trained 
enough where her force was, say up 20%, she'd go down 30% in the
end."

 

Meiru nodded sadly at Lynx's explanation. The only thing on her mind right now 
was trying to find some way to keep Anemone alive until help
could get there. She wasn't sure if her signal had even been picked up. But she 
hoped against hope it did, because what Taris was doing to
Anemone was wrong.

 

Taris noticed Meiru's sudden silence and narrowed his eyes. "What are you 
thinking about, Commander?"

 

Meiru brought her head up quickly. "Of some way to keep Anemone alive until we 
can figure out a way to solve this problem."

 

Taris let it slide for a good excuse. "Very well then. See to it that she trains 
without using any of her energy. Can't have her dying until after she
destroys Jurai and Winblum. Now, I must get back to work. Good day."

 

Meiru watched him leave. "Heartless bastard. All this time, he's just using her. 
And then, once he's had his fun, he's going to off her. Just like
that."

 

Lynx rolled his eyes. "That was his original plan to begin with. Manipulate her 
into destroying the three planets that caused his downfall, and then
off her as well. You act as if you didn't know that."

 

Meiru faltered. "I didn't. That backstabbing son of a bitch. How can he do this 
to her? If he succeeds in having her completely dismantle Jurai and
Winblum, and have her at the scene of the crime so that she's taken into 
custody, why would killing her matter so much?"

 

Lynx studied her face. "You really had no clue, did you?"

 

Meiru hung her head and sighed. "No. I can't believe I let myself get dragged 
into this. This is nothing but a game to him, isn't it? I mean, why is he
even going to an extent such as this in the first place?"

 

Lynx slid his hand onto her arm. "Meiru. I'll be the first person to admit that 
his plan is way off the topic. However, when his whole life
plummeted like it did, he lost it. He thinks that by getting back at all of 
those who turned their back on him, it will ease his pain. But it won't. It
never will."

 

Meiru knew that better than anyone. She glanced at Lynx and allowed a tear to 
make it's way down her face. "I know it'll never make things right.
But, he doesn't know that. Maybe you can talk some sense into him. You know, 
convince him that this is all wrong and that he should just walk
away."

 

"Can't. Taris never changes his mind once it's sets on doing something. He's as 
stubborn as a mule and as dense as a brick wall. All we can do is
assist him and hope he goes easy on Anemone when the time comes for him to kill 
her. That's all we can do." Lynx commented as he got back to
work.

 

Meiru stood up and turned to watch Anemone train with a regular steel blade. 
Sighing, Meiru left the training center with a heavy heart.

 

******

 

"You've known all along, haven't you?" Akima asked, her voice quivering.

 

Ikera made a face. "I don't know what you're talking about."

 

Akima scowled at her. "Ryo-Ohki."

 

The small cat bounded out of Ikera's lap and over to her. Ikera watched with 
curiosity as Ryo-Ohki morphed from a cat back to an animal that
resembled half cat and half rabbit.

 

"Wow. What was that?" Ikera questioned.

 

Akima picked Ryo-Ohki up. "This is Ryo-Ohki. My cabbit. She's not a cat, that 
was only a disguise. But, you do know, don't you?"

 

Ikera sat back into the couch. "Yes. Everyone knows...Akima. You didn't have to 
hide your identity from us. For as long as I can remember, this
planet has always looked up to you. To them, you're a hero. Just because you 
were controlled and forced to destroy things, doesn't make you a bad
person."

 

Akima struggled to keep her thoughts together. "So, it's true then. Jurai was 
going to reclaim Winblum as their own and there was a big conflict,
right?"

 

Ikera 'mmm-hmmed' and leaned forward on her elbows. 

 

"So, when I attacked Jurai, it caused a time delay in the reclaiming this colony 
into their system. And because there was the time delay, the regent
at that time was able to declare Winblum's independence. So by the time Jurai 
reinstated their claim to us, we were already free of their
democracy."

 

"That sounded about right." Ikera chimed.

 

******

 

Captain Armon Korso frowned. Ken-Ohki had sped into the colony's atmosphere and 
had refused to answer their Comm. system when hailed.

 

Korso tried again and this time, it was answered.

 

"You're ship is an unauthorized vessel. Please leave this area at once."

 

Korso jumped when Nagi's face appeared on the vid-window. 

 

"Aw, Captain Korso. Surely you know who I am, don't you?" Nagi asked.

 

Korso narrowed his eyes. "I know who you are, Nagi. But either way, Ken-Ohki 
isn't a registered starship. I know that you know that Winblum had
become a pre-licensed colony only. You also know that the referred licenses were 
revoked 7 years ago. What business do you have with us
anyway?"

 

Nagi chuckled. "Now you know I'm a bounty hunter. The last I heard, a bounty 
hunter's ship is legal even when not licensed or registered. And you
know as well as I do that, a bounty hunter is to never state their business 
unless we are to kill the one we told our business to."

 

Korso looked bemused. "Perhaps. But you still can't dock Nagi. I'm sorry."

 

Nagi shrugged. "Since I see that there is no way you'll let me dock, Captain, I 
mine as well explain the reason for my visit. I'm looking for this
woman. Have you seen her?"

 

Nagi displayed a picture of a young girl about 12 years old. She had vibrant 
pink hair and deep emerald green eyes. She held up both hands in the
peace sign and was smiling broadly.

 

"Isn't that the renown Scientist, uh, Dr. Hashu Wabuki? Or whatever her name 
is." Korso asked flatly.

 

Nagi made a face and rolled her eyes. "No, you dimwit. It's Professor Washu 
Hakubi. She's been missing for the past five years and her family
hired me to try and find her." 

 

Korso didn't look impressed. "Well, I haven't seen her or anyone who looks like 
her in this area. Did they file a report with the GP?"

 

Nagi nodded. "Two GP officers, First Class Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi lived 
in the same house with Washu. They investigated but found no
leads as to what happened. All they know is that someone took her from the 
house. "

 

"So, if she's been missing for five years and someone took her from inside the 
house, do you think she'd still be alive?" Korso asked curtly.

 

"With Washu, yes. She has to be because it's been proved that it's not a ransom 
job, because they haven't seen hide nor hair of a single ransom
letter and no phone calls have been placed. She just vanished into thin air. 
But, it seems I'm getting nowhere fast."

 

Korso nodded. "Believe me Nagi. Had she been here, we would have noticed. No 
ships that are unlicensed are permitted to dock. And unless the
girl was locked up in the ship, if it were permitted to dock, then I haven't 
seen her or anyone close to looking like her. Sorry."

 

"That's quite alright, Captain. Since we're on the subject, you wouldn't have 
happened to have seen this person, have you?" Nagi pulled another
picture out of a woman with short, spiked silver hair and golden catlike eyes.

 

"The space pirate Ryoko?! No, I don't think so. She wouldn't even have a chance 
to request permission to dock, let alone enter our atmosphere. A
woman with the likes of her doesn't belong here, Nagi. You know that. Please, at 
least give us some credit that we don't let murderers dock here."

 

Nagi sighed. "Guess you're right. Thanks for your time, Captain Korso."

 

Nagi cut her vid-window off and directed Ken-Ohki out of Winblum's atmosphere. 

 

Korso called Akima and relayed that Nagi bought the story and that she shouldn't 
have a reason to come looking for her in the colony anymore.
Akima thanked him and hung up. Korso looked back to the vid-screen. 

 

"The little girl did look familiar though. I wonder why?"

_________________________________________________________

 

~ Sub-Chapter Six ~

 

 

Meiru was jolted out of bed by a loud banging on her door. 

 

"Commander Star? Commander, are you awake?"

 

Meiru eased herself out of bed and limped to the door. She squinted against the 
corridor lights to see Segawa standing there nervously.

 

"What in the hell do you want Segawa?" Meiru growled.

 

"Commander, Admiral Taris and Vice-Admiral Lynx wants your ass to report to the 
sick bay at once. And that you are not to make them wait."

 

Segawa saluted her and ran off.

 

"Damn it." Meiru looked back into her room at a clock. "What the hell could be 
so important at 4:15 in the morning?" 

 

Meiru grabbed her robe and threw it on. Yawning, she made her way to the sick 
bay. When she arrived, she found guards on post and a nurse or
two standing outside the med room. Meiru rubbed the sleep from her purple eyes 
and entered the sick bay.

 

Her heart felt as if it had dropped into the pit of her stomach and her legs 
began to wobble. There on one of the bio-beds, was Anemone.

 

Her face was ashen and her breathing labored. Her black hair clung to her sweat-
drenched forehead. Meiru ambled to the bed and dropped to her
knees. Taris and Lynx stood nearby discussing Anemone's health charts. A doctor, 
who appeared to be in his mid-fifties, was also talking over the
charts.

 

Meiru gingerly brushed Anemone's bangs back off her face and asked, "What in 
God's name happened to her?"

 

Taris glanced over to the woman crouching beside Anemone's bedside. But Lynx was 
the one who spoke up. 

 

"We're not quite sure. She was discovered about an hour ago in the training 
arena. She had passed out cold for some reason or another. The only
thing we can figure out, is that according to the EKG we did on her, her heart 
is weakening. It's possible that she's stressed out, but it's hard to say
for sure."

 

Meiru shook her head with disbelief. She stood up and glared at Taris.

 

"How can you be so heartless and cruel? We told you she was unstable and you 
didn't care. Now what's going to happen if she dies and you aren't
able to get the revenge you wanted? Do you even care whether you murder her or 
not?" She screamed her face pale and expressionless.

 

Taris smirked. "What do you think, Commander Star? Do you really think I give a 
flying fuck about her? No. Why? Because this is what she
deserves. A miserable death and an even more miserable afterlife. Her illness 
isn't my concern, Commander, and it sure as hell better not be
yours."

 

Meiru sneered at him. "You make me sick." She turned and stormed out of the 
room.

 

She watched as an hour later, Taris and Lynx filed out of the room and called 
the guards off their posts. Meiru noticed the doctor had stayed
behind. Getting up her courage, she went back into the med room. The doctor sat 
in a chair going over some papers in a folder. 

 

He looked up and greeted her warmly. Meiru nodded in return and knelt beside 
Anemone's bed. After a few minutes of silence she spoke up.

 

"Is she going to be okay? Do you know what's wrong with her?"

 

The doctor sensed her concern and closed the folder. 

 

"Her chances of recovery are about 67% as of right now. And so far, we can't 
seem to fit a specific illness with her symptoms. Her pain can be
eased, but your Admiral refuses for us to help her. If she wakes up, then that's 
a good sign. We can only hope and wait."

 

Meiru's vision blurred as she turned around to face the bed. She reached up 
around her neck and unclasped the locket Anemone had tossed to her
during their first fight. She opened the locket and smiled. 

 

' This must be your family, huh? The boy, and the other girls in this picture. 
The youngest one is Sasami, and she seems to be taken with you and
that other woman beside you. You can tell Ayeka despises the two of you. You and 
that woman. And the two GP officers, do you really consider
them family? ' 

 

Meiru cleared her thoughts. ' The one woman beside you. She holds so much of 
your shadow. Let her fly. What is the relation between you two? I
sense that things aren't exactly good between you and her and you and the 
others. All but Sasami and....Mihoshi. Who are you? Who were you? '

 

Meiru placed the locket in Anemone's hand and closed her fingers around the 
chain and charm. "Fight this. You have to fight it so that you can
prove Taris wrong. Please."

 

Meiru stayed beside Anemone's bed through the night. Sometime after she had 
drifted off, movement from under her head aroused her from
sleep. She picked her head up to see Anemone's black eyes fluttering. The doctor 
stood by smiling. 

 

"She's in the clear for now. Not cured, but better. For the time being. I'd 
suggest you find some way to get her out of here and get her some help."

 

Meiru nodded and squeezed Anemone's hand.

 

"Anemone? Can you hear me?" She asked diligently.

 

The woman turned to face her, the same green flashing across her black eyes as 
the woman fought to become her true self. Anemone frowned. 

 

"We each have to make our own light. She has her own, Meiru. Do you?"

 

Anemone's voice was barely audible as she whispered into Meiru's ear.

 

"Who? Who has their own light already, Anemone?" Meiru asked curiously.

 

Anemone dropped the open locket and fell asleep. Meiru picked the necklace up 
and studied it. 

 

"Could she have been talking about Sasami?" Meiru wondered as she left the med 
room later on.

 

She was shuffling through the hallway when it came to her. The woman in the 
picture. The one she claimed lived in Anemone's shadow. She was
the one who Anemone said had their own light. Was Anemone telling Meiru to find 
this woman because she could help fight against Taris.

 

Meiru knew it would be a long shot, but it was worth trying.

 

******

 

Something tickled Akima's nose as she slept. She swiped at whatever it was and 
turned over. A little while, the tickling was back. She pulled the
covers up over her head and groaned.

 

"Ikera...if you don't leave me the hell alone, I'm going to fry your ass."

 

Giggling resonated from outside of the blanket dome. Two hands reached over and 
pulled the blankets away from their sleeping cargo.

 

"IKERA!"

 

Akima turned and grabbed the girl by the midsection. Ikera was thrown to the bed 
as Akima began to give her a red-belly. Ikera struggled against
Akima's strength but couldn't budge. After a few breathless screams, Akima let 
the girl go. Ikera punched the woman playfully and lied down
beside her.

 

"Hey Akima?"

 

Akima rolled onto her back and laced her hands behind her head. "Yeah?"

 

Ikera cut her hazel eyes over at the woman's feline orbs.

 

"Do you think my mother will win the court case against my father?"

 

Akima quirked an eyebrow. "I'm sure she will. You just gotta have faith in her 
that she'll come through for you."

 

Ikera heard a tone of sadness and regret in Akima's voice.

 

"Mind if I ask you a personal question?" Ikera inquired.

 

Akima shifted her body and bent her knees up to the ceiling.

 

"Depends. Why don't you ask me first and if I think it's not too personal, I'll 
answer it." Akima replied subtly.

 

"You never.... talk about your past. And you have never once mentioned anything 
about your mother. I was wondering why?" Ikera stated simply.

 

Akima sighed. "My past is full of bad memories, Ikera. You know who I really am, 
and therefore you should also know of the things I've done.
These things haunt me every now and then and I just can't seem to forget about 
them or shake myself from their torture."

 

Ikera pursed her lips together. "Oh."

 

Akima stared up at her ceiling fan and followed the blades in its short circles. 

 

"And what's your other reason?" Ikera asked out of the blue.

 

"What?" Akima quizzed her with confusment.

 

"I asked what your other reason was. You only told me about why you never talk 
about your past. Does the same answer apply to your mother as
well?"

 

Akima sat upright, pain rising in her eyes.

 

"My mother...I don't really know. I didn't know her that well. And when I was 
controlled by the man I called father, I never saw her again. He was
her lab assistant, and they created me as an experiment. She was my biological 
mother. He just a manipulative jerk."

 

Akima hugged her to knees to her chest. "He used to beat her, all the time. And 
sometimes, he'd beat me. If I was lucky. I had often wondered what
would happen should he beat one of us to hard to where we died. One night he 
attacked me. The night he took control over me and turned me into
a killer."

 

Akima slid her hurt filled eyes to her young friend. "My mother hadn't been so 
lucky that night. He had beat her, defiled her and then shot her. I
don't really remember much from the following 2000 years I was used as his 
puppet. And I didn't remember her. I should have.... for her sake."

 

Ikera closed her eyes. "I'm sorry, Akima. I didn't mean to bring up such a 
touchy subject."

 

"It's alright. I think that if I had remembered her, when I was set free and 
found out that she was still alive in my father's ship, I honestly think I'd
have had a better relationship with her than just a passing glimpse or thought. 
She has helped me out a lot though. She got me here and into the
academy."

 

Ikera was confused now. "What do you mean?"

 

Akima chuckled. "I mean, she pulled some strings and got me my P.H.D and the 
forms I needed to become a teacher. And that's what I have done.
Used her gift of intelligence and become a teacher, just like she had been 
before our mishap."

 

"Do you still talk to her?"

 

Akima blinked. She shook her head slowly. "Uh-uhn. I haven't even contacted her 
or my family on Earth since I've been here. I kind of wanted to
forget about that part of my life, because it's filled with nothing but 
heartache. Some laughs every so often, but mostly pain that isn't curable by
medicine."

 

Ikera sighed her understanding. "Some guy broke your heart, didn't they?"

 

Akima stared at her. "Not exactly. We both agreed to move on with our lives 
because, I was imprisoned inside a cave for 700 years. I wasn't about
to make him wait that long. But, because I loved him, I learned to say good-bye. 
To set him...free."

 

Ikera nodded. She was about to ask another question when the phone rang. Akima 
glanced at her clock and frowned. 

 

"Its noon, already? Why didn't you wake me sooner?" Akima asked as she ran to 
get the phone.

 

From her bedroom she heard Ikera shout, "How could I have woken you up if I was 
still asleep myself?"

 

Akima giggled and picked up the phone.

 

The vid-screen blinked on notifying Akima that whoever was on the other end of 
the line had a vid-window capatible phone line.

 

"Hello? Murasaki residence."

 

A noise drew Akima's eyes off the screen. She turned to see Ikera and Ryo-Ohki 
standing in the hallway watching her. She rolled her eyes and
started to turn back to the screen when she heard a voice.

 

"Oh. I'm sorry. I must have gotten the wrong num-...." 

 

The person trailed off and Akima spun around to see if they were still on the 
line. When she did face the screen, her eyes came face to face with a
pair of cerulean orbs. Akima gasped and dropped onto the couch, her mouth 
hanging open.

 

The person on the other had the same reaction except that they were calling from 
a space cruiser. Her jaw dropped, and her eyes blinked rapidly
trying to convince herself what she was seeing.

 

Akima could hear the static from the cruiser's engines and frowned. She knew the 
person and the ship. The other woman leaned back into her
chair of her ship.

 

Akima sighed. It was without a doubt, the 'Yagami.'

 

Ikera startled Akima by touching her shoulder.

 

"Akima?" Ikera called her name.

 

Akima looked up into the long forgotten face of Kiyone.

 

She shook her head as the other woman spoke. 

 

"I can't believe it. It's really you." Kiyone's voice quivered.

 

Akima wrinkled her nose. "How'd you find me?"

 

Kiyone smiled and pointed to a figure behind her. Akima's face paled.

 

"NAGI?!" She cried.

 

Nagi grinned. "Hello again, Ryoko. Long time no see."

 

Ryoko smirked. "And I plan on keeping it that way. How'd you guess I was here? I 
thought Korso said he had it taken care of."

 

Nagi chuckled. "That old fool couldn't tell a lie if it came up and bit him on 
the ass. Besides, what other colony would you go to that considered
you a hero?"

 

Ryoko waved a hand before her face. "You got me. So, what can I do for you? I'm 
not coming home either, if that's what you want. So forget it."

 

Kiyone sighed. "Ryoko, things have been hectic since you walked out on us five 
years ago. But, I'm afraid we've got some bad news for you."

 

Ryoko glanced up. "Is it Tenchi? Is he alright?"

 

"Ryoko, calm down. Tenchi's fine. He's back on Earth with the others. They're 
waiting for us hoping that you'll be with us when we return."

 

Ryoko stood up and crossed her arms defensively. "No. I already told you, I'm 
not coming back. I live here now. I have a life as the best and most
favorable Astronomy teacher this place has ever seen. I'm not giving it up."

 

Kiyone hung her head in defeat. Nagi's red eyes glowed with agitation. 

 

"Now you listen here Ryoko. We've busted our asses searching the damn universe 
for you for the past five years. Something has happened and the
least you can do is hear us out." Nagi growled.

 

"Fine. But make it quick. I can't keep my phone line tied up all day you know."

 

Kiyone looked at her. "Ryoko, you may want to sit down for this. It may come as 
a bit of a shock to you."

 

"I'll stand. Thanks anyway."

 

Kiyone shrugged. "Suit yourself. Ryoko, the reason why we're looking for you is 
because Washu...."

 

"Stop right there. Did she send you out here to bring me home? Is that it? "

 

Kiyone shook her head no. "Ryoko, your mother is the reason why we're here, 
looking for you."

 

Ryoko glared at her. "Leave my mother out of this, Kiyone. Please."

 

"I can't do that Ryoko. Someone blew a hole in the living room, snatched Washu 
and disappeared." Kiyone told her flatly.

 

Ryoko turned white as she quickly sunk to the couch. 

 

"What?" Ryoko whispered.

 

"I'm sorry Ryoko. I really am. We've tried locating her, but we can't. We 
haven't received any ransom letters or phone calls for her safe return.
We don't know who is behind it or what their ulterior motive is. GPHQ has 
dismissed the case. We went to the GSFA, they told us the same
thing."

 

Ryoko couldn't believe her ears. "Why has the case been dismissed?"

 

Kiyone slumped in her seat. "Because the case number is old."

 

"Old?" Ryoko repeated, her face twisted in confusment.

 

"Yes. Old. The case has been sitting on the shelf for the past five years. 
Usually in cases like these, if they go over a year, the case is classified as
'dead.' Give or take."

 

Ryoko gasped. "Dead? Why would it be classified as a dead case? Can't you do 
something about that?"

 

Kiyone frowned. "No, I can't. And yes dead. Ryoko.Washu's been missing for the 
past five years. She disappeared a week after you left. And we
haven't heard anything from her or about her. The case was closed, because the 
bastards at GPHQ and GSFA have already made out Washu's
demise."

 

Ryoko started shaking her head. "No. It's not possible Kiyone, I know she isn't. 
They can't just give up without trying."

 

Kiyone nodded. "I know Ryoko. But, she's already been certified on those 
standards. Even we're beginning to think that Washu's.....either run off
to make us think she's been kidnapped.... or she's...dead."

_________________________________________________________

 

( End of Book C ~ Chapter 3 ~ Blood & Wine )

 

Author's Note: Hopefully you'll read and review.I don't mind flames at all. 
There a few pointers in here though..=) One pointer is Anemone.
In case you're not familiar with this name, here's how it's pronounced in the 
simplest way I know how to put it. 'Uh-nim-uh-knee'. It's other name
is the Windflower or the Sea Anemone.

 Next..Professor Akima's lessons..are all true, true, true.AstroPhysics is a 
pretty neat field..check it out! Thanks!
