The Books of Ryoko                               Written by Lionman6

Disclaimer:
        This… isn’t a true story.  The characters and events named in
this story (with the exception of Kagato’s robot, T-75) are not owned
by me, myself, I, and the person that represents the author of this
fanfic.
Any persons, places, or things mentioned do not belong to me in any
way what so ever.  (Chibi Washu A & B appear on author’s shoulders)
 “Hope you don’t get made at us”, “Sorry Sam”.  The chibi Washus
aren’t my idea either (I’m borrowing them from a friend of mine). Blah,
blah, yada, yada, etc., ANYWAY, please don’t sue me, but if you have
a question or comment, e-mail me at, www.Lionman6@juno.com.  Hey,
this is my first fanfic, so go easy on me please. (Please note:  when you

see these ‘’ a person is either communicating telepathically, or thinking

in their head.  Which one it is, you’re on your own on that question.

Book 1: Mysterious beginnings
Chapter 1: The Awakening
        Cold.  That’s all she could think, all she could feel, all she could
anticipate.  Where was she? How did she get here? And who exactly was
that kid with that wild hot-pink hairstyle?  She couldn’t figure out any
of
these, but most importantly who was she?  Then she remembered, about
2 years ago she remembered a name.  Ryoko.  Was that her name, or was
that the kid’s name?  She didn’t care, but she liked the name and decided

to keep it.  So Ryoko just sat there floating.  Floating?  Her eyes
suddenly
shot open.  She was behind glass…under water!!  For a moment she kicked
and screamed loudly, but no sound came out.  Ryoko finally remembered,
the
‘Kid’!  She expected the kid to run and alert somebody, or sound an
alarm,
but she just calmly turned toward the glass prison and sadly shook her
head with her arms crossed, as if she thought Ryoko was denser than a
brick.
        ‘Breath you dolt’, said a voice in Ryoko’s head.  It was an adult
 feminine voice that sounded as if it was emitting directly in front of
her,
from the little girl. Ryoko’s mind thought ‘Are you crazy!’
        ‘Fine, don’t live if you want to!’ Ryoko was surprised at this.
The voice responded as if she was actually speaking to it!
        ‘Oh well’ Ryoko finally thought as she took in what might be her
last breath and…she could breath!  The kid, obviously noticing this,
pressed
a few buttons on a control panel that appeared out of nowhere, and
Ryoko’s suspension tank disappeared.  Ryoko, gasping for real air, fell
to her knees looking up at the mysterious adolescent.
        “Wh…who...are...y-you?” Ryoko said with great difficulty.  She
hadn’t used her voice ever since she ‘appeared’, but hearing
conversations
from outside, she practiced in her mind and had done surprisingly well.
        “Isn’t it obvious?” that voice! “Well, for being in a suspension
tank for most of your life, (she said this with a hint of annoyance in
her
voice) I’ll give you the biggest hint known to man!  I’m the greatest
scientific genius in the entire universe of course!  The wise, wonderful,

and beautiful Washu!” At this, two puppets, one on each shoulder that
looked exactly like Washu, appeared,
        “Washu’s the greatest scientific genius around!” they said in
unison,
“Hooray for Washu”, and just as they abruptly popped up, they
disappeared.
        Ryoko shivered furiously.  Not because of the scary looking
puppets that appeared, but because her central nervous system had finally

kicked in, and she saw that she was ‘indecent’.  She had never paid any
attention to this before, but how could you when you haven’t felt
anything,
or had your eyes open for the past 21 years (aside from speech she also
learned many other things to.)
        “W-w-w-Washu?” Ryoko finally responded.
        “This… is going to take a lot of work,” Washu sighed with remorse.
“If you are wondering where we are, we are in my secret complex,
 located in sector 2,600X-730Y!” Washu’s spirit lightened as she said
this as if it was one of her greatest achievements, but her face
immediately
got serious.  “Now.  Time to go to work!”

        ----- End of chapter 1-----

Chapter 2: The Power From Within
        “Before we go any further”, Washu said as if she was checking
an extremely punctual list, “I’ll need to teach you how to speak and read

better.”  As she said this, suction cups with little sensors on them,
attached
to Ryoko's head.  “Now…. this is gonna hurt a little bit.”
        “Huh?”
        “This is gonna hurt a little bit.”
        “Huh?”
        “I said, this is gonna hurt a little bit!!” Washu yelled in
Ryoko’s ear as she tried to play a little game with her ‘specimen’.  At
the
exact same time she turned on a machine as small as her fist.
        “Ow!  It… al…r-r-ready does!” This surprised Ryoko, because she was
talking as clearly now, as if she talked for years and years.
        “Now that that’s over with,” Washu said as she pulled some earplugs
out of her ears she put in at the last minute, “We need to get you some
clothes.”  With a snap of her fingers, clothing appeared at Ryoko's
knees.  “And, you might want to try standing for a change,” Washu said
matter-of-factly.
        Later, Washu led Ryoko to a small 4-sided room.
        “Is this some kind of a joke, Washu?”
        “Just watch.”
        “Alrighty then.  But if this turns out to be some sadistic, twisted,
(her language improved) tasteless trick to…” Ryoko was cut short as the
room dematerialized to form a large dojo.
        “Self-defense!” Washu said this so loud that Ryoko nearly jumped ten
feet in the air.  “It’s what keeps us alive, keeps us safe, and separates

the strong from the weak.”
        “So what will you be teaching me Washu?  Karate, Ju-jitsu,
Tae-kwon-do?”
        “Nope!  I’ll be teaching you …other stuff.”  Washu smiled evilly at
this.  “Oh, and by the way…(Washu’s hand crackled with electric energy)
Duck!” then she suddenly shot an energy blast straight at Ryoko!
        ‘Think Ryoko, think!’ she thought to herself, as the ball of
electricity

moved closer and closer to her faster and faster.  Then she thought of a
different place to be, like behind Washu!  That would be perfect!
The ball of light was coming closer than ever and Ryoko closed her eyes
tightly to accept her fate, but nothing happened.  Ryoko opened her eyes
and she was standing behind a very bewildered Washu.
        “Ryoko?  Ryooookoooo!!!  I didn’t disintegrate, you did I?”
Ryoko tried not to laugh, but couldn’t help but burst out laughing.
Washu whirled around, very surprised, and annoyed at this, and yelled,
“How
the hell did you do that?”
        “I don’t know.  I would like to know that myself.  All I remember
was
thinking about being behind you and ‘poof’ here I am!”
        “Really?  Well try dodging this!” Washu yelled as she charged up
what
might be an endless barrage of electric bolts at her creation.
        “I suppose I can’t jump out of the way this time, but Here goes!”
Ryoko jumped as high as she could and the energy barrage flew under her a

split second later, and blew up half the room.  The only problem was she
kept going up.
        “Hey!  How do I get…DOWN?”  At that moment she fell to the ground
just
as fast as she got up. “Happy thoughts, happy thoughts!” Ryoko repeated
over
and over, and she floated gently to the ground.
“Ryoko.  Do you know what this means?” Washu questioned Ryoko as soon as
she
caught up with herself.
        “Nnnnnnot really.”
Washu gave Ryoko the old ‘oh my god, you couldn’t be any dumber’ look,
and
said, “ It means that you have powers beyond relief!”
        “Really?” Ryoko said with tons of hope in her eyes.
        “Nope”
        “WHAT!!!"  The hope was sliced into oblivion.  "I disappeared and
reappeared at a different place, I almost jumped higher than this
frickin’
practice gym, and you say I don’t have a special bone in my pathetic
little
body?” Ryoko started making the same electric energy crackle around her
just
as Washu had done, but they immediately disappeared as soon as she
noticed
them.  “How did I do that!”
        “You just built up pure anger,” Washu pointed out.  “You and I have
practically the same powers.  Electric expulsion, and super strength,”
She
had just made a pile of metal beams appear with her personal laptop and
with
her pinky finger chopped them in halves, fourths, and eighths.  “But my
powers, which I would like to call ‘Goddess power’ are natural, and since

you are made from my egg cells through a difficult process, I had to
‘download’ my powers on the jewels on your wrists and neck.  However, you

seem to have powers that I don’t posses, like your ability to
dematerialize.”
Ryoko, a little confused at this replied, “What?”
        “You can teleport.” Washu said with a sense of irritation rising in
her voice
        “Could you try speaking in English?  We all didn’t graduate from
your
Scien, sci, en, tiff, aw forget it!”
        “That’s Science Academy, Ryoko, and what I mean is that, you, can,
dis-ap-pear, in, one, place, and, ap-pear, in, a-nother, place!” Washu
yelled at Ryoko, making every syllable precise, and clear.
        “I’m not an idiot you know!”
        ‘Oh no?’ Washu thought
        “I heard that,” Ryoko said in a voice as if she would never get any
respect from her ‘mentor’.  Just then, a bright yellow light flashed
everywhere, and an earsplitting siren sounded throughout the entire
complex.
The dojo, or what’s left of it after Washu’s disastrous onslaught, melted

away to reveal a security room that made Fort Knox look like a baby’s
crib.
        “Proximity alert, level 2!  Proximity alert, level 2!”
“What!” Washu exclaimed checking about a hundred different monitors at
one
time, “How can we be detected?  This lab is even in sub-space!  We
shouldn’t
have been picked up by anything!”
        “I thought you said this place was a secret, miss ‘I’m the smartest
person in the galaxy’.”
        “That’s universe!  And besides, I didn’t say my technology and
inventions didn’t have their flaws every now and then!”  Suddenly the
yellow lights flashed to a deep, blood red and the repeating voices
changed
from Proximity alert to, “Intruder alert, level 3!  Intruder alert, level
3!”
Ryoko didn’t need Washu’s vast knowledge to tell that this was bad.

----- End of chapter 2-----

Chapter 3: The Mysterious Intruder
“Computer!  Pinpoint the exact location of the intruder.  Pronto!”
“Complying request.  Searching…Intruder found!” the computer voice
said after what seemed like eternity.
“Great!” Washu shouted.
“Intruder lost”
        “Not great” Ryoko sighed.  Oblivious to the fact that they may be
killed, raped, or worse, if there was a worse, Ryoko started to float
around,
waiting for their inevitable fate.  Suddenly, everything went black,
        “Wonderful,” Washu sighed, “he cut the power.”
        “Hold on Washu, I’m gonna try something.”
        “We’re doomed,” Washu said flatly, but Ryoko thought differently.
She was actually going to try.  Ryoko opened her palm, concentrated as
hard
as she could, and made a little ball of energy appear, using it as a
lamp.
        “Apart from other things, you’re a fast developer at least,” Washu
said a little surprised at Ryoko’s enthusiasm and results.  A loud
explosion
near them on the far wall opposite of them soon interrupted this sign of
appreciation.  “Washu?” Ryoko pointed to a shadowy figure walking towards

them, “What’s that?”
        “No.  It can’t be!  T-75!!”
        “Subjects located,” Ryoko noticed that it’s voice sounded like
Washu’s
computer.  “Subject 1 is renowned mad scientist, Washu. Subject 2 has not

yet to be identified.  Beginning apprehension and retrieval process.”
        “Apprehension and retrieval?  Washu, who, no, what the hell is that
thing?”
        “It’s a specially programmed cyborg named T-75.  It belongs to
Kagato,
one of the most feared criminals this universe has ever known!  And… I
would
appreciate you not using profanity at your age Ryoko!”
        “Well, sorry for being alert!”
        This was no time to argue, T-75 was closing in on them fast.  Who
knows what his creator would do to them?  Well Ryoko wasn’t going to find

out, because this was time to test out her skills and engage in her first

battle!
        “Come on, you walking pile of tin cans!  Let’s rumble!” And with a
loud battle cry Ryoko leaped into the air ready to make her first strike.

---------End of chapter 3---------

Chapter 4: The Man Called Kagato

        “Ryoko, be careful!  T-75 is a force not to be taken lightly!”
        “Don’t worry Washu!  This may be my first fight, but I can hold my
own, but I wouldn’t mind a handout every now and then.”  Ryoko said as if

she wanted Washu to take care of the cyborg for her.
        “Tactics level confirmed, estimating lgical victories, engaging
unknown subject,” T-75 was obviously ready.
        “Would you quit it with that ‘unknown subject’ stuff?” Ryoko was
totally annoyed at the fact that this empty-headed machine referred to
her
as ‘unknown’.  “I have a name, and it’s Ryoko!”  Ryoko charged at the
cyborg
to deliver a menacing blow, but it disappeared!
        “Behind you Ryoko!” Washu screamed, but it was to late, for T-75
launched a counter attack that nearly knocked Ryoko unconscious.After she

shook it off she glared at Washu and yelled, “Washu!  You never told me
it
could teleport,”
        “Oops silly me,” she said with a hint of sarcasm.  “Well guess
what?”
        “What.”
        “You never asked,” Washu said in the voice of an annoying three
year-old.
        “Well, could you try telling me these things before I experience
them?”
        “Sure, and one more thing, Jump!”  Ryoko did this just in time to
dodge a missile barrage sent by her opponent.  “Persistent little twerp
aren’t we!” she mocked.  “Well you gotta try faster than that!”
        “Complying request.”  T- 75 began to move faster than Ryoko could
handle.
        “Damn it!” she hissed.
        ‘Just had to open our mouth didn’t we’ Washu thought.
        ‘Oh, like you could do any better?’ Ryoko responded.
        “Just watch, and be amazed!”  Ryoko felt as if she was in a sideshow
(Washu also taught Ryoko little ‘extras’ through her language builder).
        “Alright tin man, it’s time for us to…” Washu’s words were caught in
her throat before she could get the rest of her sentence out.  A dark
silhouette walked toward them,
        “T-75, why are you taking so long to do a job that you could’ve done
in minutes?”
        “Sorry master, But the unknown subject is a good fighter, with the
exception of her many flaws.”
        “What the Hell do you mean Flaws!” Ryoko shrieked.
        “Well, return to the ship. I will wrap things up here.” Ordered the
mysterious stranger, and with that he raised his hand, opened his palm,
and
fired a green blast of energy straight at Ryoko!
        “Ryoko, watch out!” yelled Washu, but Ryoko was frozen with fear,
“Ryoko, teleport now!”
        “I-I-I can’t, I’m to scared” Washu couldn’t take it any more.
This was it.
        “Computer!  Maneuver tactic 64-1” she yelled with tears in her eyes.
        “Complying request.”  And with that, Washu was launched by a
springboard, and landed in front of Ryoko.  KABOOM!  There was a loud
explosion, followed by a flash of bright green light. Ryoko unshielded
her
eyes to see Washu lying down with her eyes closed.
        “Washu?” there was no answer. “Washu?” Ryoko’s voice got louder,
tears started to form. “Washu, NO!!!” Ryoko collapsed over the tiny frame
of
her creator, and wept.
        “Enough of this melodrama, she is alive.”
        “What, she is?” Ryoko’s mood lightened a little.
        “She is, but you two are coming with me!” The stranger commanded.
Soon after, the nose of a spaceship crashed through the wall of Washu’s
‘not
so secret’ laboratory.
        “Souja is ready for takeoff, master Kagato,” reported a familiar
voice.
        ‘Kagato?’
        “Right.  We must leave, before we are picked up by Galaxy Police
scanners!”

------End of chapter 3-----

Chapter 4: Memory Lapse
(to help you out, the people talking are Kagato and T-75.  Ryoko is
thinking)
        “She is almost done master Kagato.”
        ‘Where am I?’
        “What about Washu?”
        “She has been stored in the alternate dimension of the ship’s
chapel,
as you requested, master Kagato.  She is in a crystalline stasis lock as
we
speak.”
        ‘I feel so very cold’
        “Good. I want everything erased, except her knowledge of her
fighting
skills.  Report to me again when you are almost done, and set a coarse
for
the nearest planet.  When she awakens we need to get her some suitable
clothing.”
        “Understood.  Estimated time until memory erasure process is
complete
is 45 minutes in Earth time, sir.”
        ‘Who am I?’  These and many more questions popped into Ryoko’s mind.
Suddenly images of the not so distant past appeared.  A battle, missiles,
explosions, electricity, and finally a dark figure firing a strange green
light at a kid, who looked no older than 12.  Ryoko shuddered at this
memory
        “Memory relapse detected.  Scanning for other memories recovered by
the cerebral core…Memories found.  Beginning memory erasure process.”
The
pod Ryoko laid down in started to change colors randomly.  As the machine

started to activate Ryoko started to shake all over her entire body,
“T-75,
what’s going on?” a monitor with Kagato’s concerned face on it appeared
next
to T-75.
        “An unimportant seizure sir, nothing more than the side-effects of
the
process.” It responded calmly.
        “Continue then, but if anything out of the ordinary occurs, notify
me
immediately!” Kagato closed the connection.

“Memory erasure process will be complete in 30 seconds…  You’re lucky,
rodent, that master Kagato has intimate feelings with you, otherwise,
you,
and that fool woman Washu would have been executed on the spot.”
        Later, Ryoko found herself in an examination room that felt cold,
and
lonely.  She was wearing what was a shabby-looking tunic, with chemical
stains
all over it.  A minute later, T-75 walked in the ER room.  Ryoko hoped
that
whatever this thing was it would tell her everything she needed to know.

        “Good morning miss Ryoko.”
        “Ryoko, is that my name?”
        “Yes.  You are on my, or should I say, our master’s ship, Souja.
His
name is Kagato.”
        “Wait a minute, what am I?”
        “Why a space pirate of course.  You have just been hired here under
my
master’s orders.  He wishes to see you as soon as you are ready to do
so.”
"...Okay.  I'm ready"

----------End of chapter 4---------

Chapter 5: Too Close for Comfort
(This chp. has a little lemony side to it, but you have to read it all)
        “Master Kagato?”
        “Who dares to disturb my studies and solitude!”
        ‘That cold voice! I’ve heard it before, but where?’
        “It is I Master.  I have come with Ryoko, as you requested.”
        “Very well, send her in.”
The room was large and extravagant, but that’s not what caught Ryoko’s
eyes.
It was the fact that the walls were lined up with an innumerous amount of

books, files, encyclopedias, and many other types of informational
sources.
No doubt that this must have taken a long time to collect, even longer to

study.  Kagato noticed the surprised look, and responded, “Please, sit
down.
I see you noticed my ‘collection’ of files,” he said while approaching
slowly.
        “Well, let me tell you something, they’re not mine.”
        “Well whose are they ?” she asked almost falling asleep in the
comfort of the chair she sat in.  Kagato chuckled at her naivety and
innocence and walked closer until he was directly in front of Ryoko,
who was feeling extremely uncomfortable by the distance of her new,
‘master’.
        “They belonged to my old teacher, who I thought I could make a
good use out of her ideas and creations.  Even this ship was designed by
her.”
He laughed to himself at his memory of stealing away her ship just as
soon as
it was complete.
        “Very young she was, but she was just as naïve then as you are now.”
        “Hey!  I have feelings too you know!” Ryoko yelled at this ‘uncalled
for’ remark. At this, Kagato’s hand raised high into the air and his palm

opened to form a broadsword of green energy. He pointed the energy
weapon’s
blade at Ryoko’s throat.
        “What was that, you incompetent fool?  Have you not thought of the
fact that I could kill you with one fell swoop of my light-sword?  Have
you
not comprehended that you are in My ship, deep in space, and that you
have
no way of escaping whatsoever?” The blade inched its way ever so closer
as
he yelled at Ryoko for her rebellious act.  He stopped at a distance so
close, that the energy emitting from the broadsword started to singe the
hairs on Ryoko’s neck.  She showed great fear at this drastic move that
Kagato just had to laugh out loud.  It was a laugh that was a combination
of
both comfort, and unassurance.
        “I see great potential in you, Ryoko,” his sword disappeared, “ I
also
see even greater beauty.”  Ryoko didn’t like the way his voice sounded,
or
the way he approached her.  Slowly he leaned over her small figure to
give
her a kiss, but Ryoko dodged this attempt, making Kagato miss Ryoko, and
kiss
the back of the chair.  “Feisty aren’t we?” Kagato apparently was being
amused at Ryoko’s attempts to free herself from his abrupt
‘friendliness’.
“But if it’s one thing I learned, it’s to ‘never try to escape the
inevitable’”.
After many attempts, Kagato’s lips finally hit their mark.  He kissed her

passionately, but she tried with all her might to hold back any feeling
towards him, besides, she hardly knows him. Ryoko’s mind raced with a
million questions:
        ‘What is he trying to do?’
        ‘How did I end up in this mess?’
        ‘What did I do to disserve this?’
        ‘How long until he stops kissing me?  I’m running out of air!’
Kagato continued to ‘show his feelings toward Ryoko’ to the point where
it
made Ryoko sick to remember this entire event, the room it occurred in,
the
person who did ‘it’, and the voice and touch of that person.  It all just

made her nauseas to think about it now.  Her mind then shot back to
reality
when Kagato started to undo her tunic.  With enough courage, she finally
forced out a small, “Stop.”  But he didn’t. He just laughed it off and
continued to undress Ryoko, kissing her neck in unison.
        “Please stop,” tears began to form and her voice was louder, but he
still continued to strip her of her clothing, which she tried desperately

to keep on her terrified body.  Kagato’s hand, then, slid up between
Ryoko’s
inner thighs.  That did it.  With all her strength, Ryoko summoned all
her
courage and yelled out, “I said, STOP IT!!!”  And with that, Ryoko shoved

Kagato off her somehow, and teleported back to the examination room.
        “Ryoko.”
        ‘His voice again! No. it’s just an intercom’
        “I enjoyed that little game of ours earlier, we must do it again
sometime.”
        ‘That was a game?’
        “Tomorrow, you will be taken to the training area by T-75 to meet my
Second-hand man, Yakage, who will teach you the sword technique I
‘introduced’ to you earlier.  I, myself will report you on how much
you’ve
learned from this lesson.  If successful, I shall ‘reward’ you.  Get some

sleep, you will need it.”  Ryoko, disgusted from hearing his voice again,

thought back to the events of the past.  A second later, she vomited on
the
floor.  From this day forward, she will never be the same again.

-----------End of Chapter 5-------------
=======End of Book 1=========
