Description of this chapter: Tenchi learns presentation is half the job, as the 
heat is on!.

  IRON CHIEF

           Chapter 2 of 
      BREAKFAST IN BED



Folks, this is Fanfic. This means we are taking characters and situations from 
one story and incorporating them into one of ours, completely without 
permission. The characters and situations in question are copyrighted. So that 
means...WE DON'T OWN THEM. Someone else does, therefore out of courtesy (and so 
those of us who know better don't think you're a total dope) you include the 
disclaimer (usually at the top or the bottom of the fic, to make it abundantly 
clear) that basically says something to the effect of: I don't own these 
characters, someone else does. I didn't create either them or their situations, 
someone else did that too (It's a good idea to give these people names, but is 
not entirely necessary). This story comes entirely from my imagination, and is 
not, nor intended to be, cannon. The last stipulation is usually a pleading for 
the owners not to sue, because most of us are broke most of the time 











______________________________ Chapter iron chief_______________________________  
                
In the kitchen tenchi first starts to make hot water for tea. Next he gets out 
Pancake flower, and
A mixing bowl a wisp and water. As tenchi gets out the nonstick two burner 
griddle, and starts
To heat it up before using. He thinks this is so easy even I can do it.

Next he mixes the ingredients together, to make the pancake batter. After wiping 
the wisp
At great speed for a couple of minutes, tenchi stops, and leaves the batter on 
the kitchen table. 
Tenchi grabs the oranges out of the fridge, and places them on the table. Then 
he starts cutting
Them in half and places the oranges in a large bowl.

While tenchi is doing this he is humming and smiling to himself, with a sparkle 
in his eyes.

Next tenchi starts placing the oranges in the juicer to make orange juice. He 
gets out
A pitcher to hold the OJ. In about five minutes he is done. And place the 
pitcher in the fridge.

Tenchi looks at his watch and thinks " it's 6:15 plenty of time yet". So he 
placers five glasses
In the fridge for cooling, and removes the strawberries and raspberries for 
cleaning, and proceeds
To do so.

Placing the fruit in two small bowls and leaves then on the counter. Next tenchi 
gets out the teapot.
He pours 1/2 the hot water in the teapot to warm it up. Then he reaches for the 
breakfast trays, and
Looks for the one with Ryoko's name on it. Tenchi smiles as he finds it, still 
humming and laughing to himself at times.

He sets the tray on the table. Then he goes over to the teapot, and dumps out 
the hot water. Next
Tenchi places the cylinder top, of the teapot on top, and places the tea inside. 
He then gets more
Hot water pours it into the cylinder to pass through the tealeaves to make 
perfect tea. "They
Deserve the best, and I will only serve the best!" thinks tenchi.


Tenchi looks at his watch and sees its 6:45. "time to make pancakes" thinks 
tenchi. He takes a chilled 
Glass fills it with OJ. Then he places silverware in the slot made for it on the 
small breakfast table.
Next he places one of the scrolls on the tray, and some small containers of 
maple syrup and honey.
Then a small cup for tea. Tenchi then takes one of  the small teapots, and fills 
it from the large teapot.
Tenchi says, "finally now I can start making pancakes".

Tenchi pours out batter for three pancakes on the griddle. Then he bows stands 
up and says, "God please 
 Bless this food, as Ryoko has blessed my life with her presence". Her beauty 
and gracefulness, are a 
Joy to watch. " "Her loyalty to me is without question, and I pray I never let 
her down".

"Her expressive nature is always needed, because she is expressing what the 
others, and I am
Usually thinking or need to think about". "So thank you god for your creation 
called Ryoko". 
Tenchi bows again to the stove, and then flips the completed pancakes to a 
plate. Then he
Adds butter to the top of them, and places it on the tray.    

He turns the stove down a little, removes the cooking Apron, and unties his 
sleeves. Takes a deep
Breath, holds it with a smile on his face, and steps forward into a new future.

Tenchi walks carefully to his room. He sets the tray down and knocks on the 
door, and says
Happily. "Lady Ryoko your breakfast is here". "You may enter", says Ryoko in a 
slightly
Commanding voice.

Tenchi enters his bedroom, and then closes the door behind himself.  Sitting in 
his bed is the
Beautiful silver haired Ryoko. With a beautiful and seductive smile on her face. 
She is wearing
A light blue sleeping T-shirt, the type that goes to her knees.

But nothing else, and the shirt shows the curve of Ryoko's breasts and nipples. 
This causes
Tenchi to blush slightly and swallow hard. Ryoko seeing tenchi's reaction says 
"thank you 
For the complement tenchi". With a smile on her face.

Tenchi says "May I service you breakfast now Lady Ryoko". "Of course tenchi put 
it right
Here" says Ryoko as she pats the bed. Tenchi  bends down, to place the table 
across Ryoko's
Lap.   As he does Ryoko takes a deep breath, which causes her breasts to rise up 
towards
Tenchi's face.  Which is only inches away.

This causes tenchi to release the tray and stand up quickly. With an embarrassed 
look on his face,
And a mischievous smile across Ryoko's face.  

To gather his composure tenchi takes a deep breath, and then knells next to his 
bed. He looks Ryoko
Straight in the eyes and says, "May I serve you tea lady Ryoko" in a very 
straight voice. "Of course
That is why you are here ", says Ryoko.

As tenchi pours the tea he says in a very straight voice with no emotion. "Lady 
Ryoko, I have 
Written a scroll. That I wish you to read, it will convey the meaning of this 
ceremony to you".
Ryoko takes a sip of the tea, while looking over the food and says," No you read 
it to me,
You are here to serve me! This morning. I am hungry, and I want to enjoy this 
food".

A stunned tenchi blinks his eyes, a few times and thinks to himself. "She's 
suppose to read
It, it's too important for me to read it out loud. I might screw it up". "Go 
ahead tenchi"
Says Ryoko with a piece of pancake in her mouth.

As he grabs the scroll of the breakfast tray, with shaking hands he unties the 
blue ribbon,
Around the scroll and unrolls it. 


With apprehension in his eyes tenchi licks his lips swallows, bows his head and 
says.
"No matter what you do, I will always want to know where you are and what you 
are doing?
Thinking, and feeling for the rest of my life".  There are no words, that can 
express what is in my 
Head and heart".

"I wish you could read my mind, then all doubt would be gone forever, because 
you would know".
"What a big part of me you are to me". "I would gladly die for you anytime".

"That is easy to say, but I have to take the harder path". "To live day by day 
to show you through
Action, and though the true depth of my commitment towards you".

"Mistakes will be made in the future". "But always remember this day, and the 
reason behind the
Mistakes will become clear".  An apprehensive tenchi looks up as the sound of 
sliver ware dropping
To the breakfast tray is heard in his room.

Tenchi sees a stunned Ryoko with her moth open and food in it. Ryoko eyes are 
wide open looking straight into his eyes.  For ten seconds not a sound is heard, 
then Ryoko swallows, to break the moment, and
Leaps forward. Passing through the little breakfast table, and wrapping her arms 
around tenchi.
She kneels on the floor beside him.

The word "oh my god" softly escape Ryoko's lips. As she starts to quietly cry in 
tenchi arms.
A puzzled tenchi puts arms around Ryoko and just holds her for a couple of 
minutes.

Ryoko pulls back and looks at tenchi, she sees the puzzled look and lightly 
holds tenchi's face in her 
Hands and says. "Oh tenchi you touched me to the very core of my being, and you 
still worry!".
"That makes you even more special. I will always let you know where; I am which 
most likely be 
At your side".

 " I agree with Ayeka you are Lord Tenchi", says Ryoko as she bows her head 
towards tenchi.
Then Ryoko hugs tenchi very hard and takes three deep breaths before letting him 
go. Then
Ryoko says "I want that scroll". "Yes lady Ryoko", says tenchi with a very happy 
look on his face.

Ryoko grabs the scroll and sets down on the bed to read it slowly. While 
thinking to herself exceitly
"Yes ! Yes! Yes! Yes!".  

Then tenchi stands up, and says, "I must go now, I have to serve another 
breakfast". Ryoko looks
Up with happy eyes and says "thank you tenchi". Tenchi leaves his bedroom and 
heads towards
The kitchen thinking. "I'm lucky, I though I had screwed the whole thing up". 
"Thank you
God for guiding my steps". "In this most important task".

Back in the kitchen tenchi puts back on the apron and ties up sleeves. Then he 
thinks to himself
"This is the intergalactic house of pancakes". This causes him to laugh a 
little.

He grabs Ayeka's and Sasami's little breakfast tables and starts, preparing them 
in the same way.
Next tenchi grabs 2 small bowls in which, he fills half way with pancake batter. 
In one he places
Strawberries, the other some chocolate chips.
     
 Tenchi then pours on the griddle 2 strawberry and 2 chocolate pancakes. He bows 
and then says a
Prayer. "God please bless this food as Ayeka and Sasami have blessed my life 
with their presents.
"Ayeka's beauty and elegance, have always taken my breath away, and Sasami's 
beauty and giving
Nature, are a treasure I will always appreciate ".


"Their loyalty to each other and me is always a source of strength for me". 
Ayeka's formal ways
And manners are an inspiration for me, that is how I came up whit this Idea". 
Sasami's cooking is
One of the things that holds us together, and her  innocent view of the world. 
Helps us 
To see the best in everything".

"So thank you god for your two creations called Ayeka and Sasami. I am truly 
blessed to know them."
Tenchi bows again, the prayer done, he flips the pancakes onto two plates, then 
adds more strawberries
On top of the strawberry pancakes. Putting the pancakes on the correct trays, 
tenchi then takes off
His apron unties the sleeves and turns down the griddle.

With a smile on his face and less worry in his heart. Tenchi places the two 
little tables, next              
 To each other. Then places two small wood strips under the two tables, and 
lifts them both
At the same time. By balancing then between his arms. Now tenchi thinks "I hope 
I don't drop these
Two breakfasts.

A worried tenchi walks slowly to Ayeka and Sasami's bedroom. "Today is my lucky 
day" says
Tenchi as he approaches slowly to the bedroom. "I dropped nothing".  After 
slowly setting down the two
Trays. Tenchi knells and knocks on Ayeka and Sasami's  bedroom door. And says in 
a formal voice
"Lady Ayeka and Lady Sasami your breakfast is ready". "Would you like to be 
served now?'.

Two anxious yeses' are said at the same time. Tenchi smiles and then opens the 
door, and while keeping his head bowed. Transfers the two small breakfast tables 
to the bedroom. Tenchi steps over the door way still
Knelling and closes the door.

Tenchi then looks up and sees Ayeka and Sasami setting up on their beds. Dress 
in formal sleeping gounds,
Looking very beautiful and happy. Tenchi places Ayeka's tray at the foot of her 
bed then gets Sasami's tray
And places it at foot of her bed.

Tenchi on his knees bows to the two ladies and says in a formal voice "Lady 
Ayeka who should be served  
First?" . This causes Ayeka's eye brows to raise up, and a little smile to tug 
at the corner of her mouth.
Ayeka's says "please serve Lady Sasami first". "Yes" says tenchi.

A quite but big smiling lady Sasami watches very closely as tenchi places the 
little table across her lap.
Sasami thinks "Wow tenchi has gone all the way in this ceremony of his." 
"Dressing and acting perfectly,
I can tell Ayeka is impressed, her eyes always give her away."  "I am impressed 
to, but tenchi need
Not have gone this far for me a simple breakfast downstairs would have been 
enough for me". "Now
It does smell good".

As tenchi sits back on his knees he says "lady Sasami may I pour some tea for 
you?". Little Sasami's eyes get even bigger, as she reaches for the small teacup 
to hold out to tenchi.  As tenchi fill Sasami's cup the
Smell reaches her nose and Sasami breaths in deep. She thinks, "if the tea 
tastes as good as it smells, 
I may have some competition in the kitchen".

As Sasami sips the tea, many happy feelings erupt inside her, and she fights to 
hold them in check. And
Says to herself  "I don't want to ruin tenchi's ceremony, by giving him a big 
hug right now". A very
happy Sasami says " thank you tenchi the tea is very good".

Now tenchi says in a level voice "may I serve you now lady Ayeka?". "Yes" says 
Ayeka excitedly,
and tenchi proceeds to place the little breakfast table across Ayeka's lap.  
Then Ayeka thinks to
Herself  " tenchi's clothing is perfect for the ceremony; the light brown and 
cream colors look good on him". "His hair is well groomed, and the smell of his 
skin is wonderful" which is only inches away from her face. 
Ayeka then says to herself  "Oh tenchi you could teach my teachers on how to do 
a ceremony properly"
As tenchi sits back on his knees, he says "Lady Ayeka may I serve you tea?".
Ayeka's so taken with emotion cannot say anything, so nods a big yes.  She then 
reaches for the cup,
With both hands to steady one another.  Now tenchi pours the tea into Ayeka's 
cup.

Then Ayeka thinks to herself  " tenchi's hands are so beautiful, strong and 
steady the way a lovers hands
should be".  "That though should not be in my head!, it upsets this perfect 
ceremony ".

Ayeka takes a sip of the tea, and it helps to settle her emotions.  Enough to 
regain some control so she
Looks over at Sasami, who is not eating but looking at her, with a happy face. 
This exchange of glances,
Causes both ladies to realize, that there is food in front of them. And It would 
be and insult to tenchi, if they 
Did not eat it.

A quiet tenchi is sitting on the floor on his knee's, at the foot of the beds. 
Not looking at the ladies,
But the floor, so as not to embarrass them. As tenchi listens to the sisters 
eating, he smiles to himself
And thinks to himself "at least the food is good".

Tenchi waits a couple of minutes, and then takes a deep breath looks up and 
says. " Excuse me Lady
Ayeka and Lady Sasami." "I have written a small scroll that I wish you to read, 
it will convey the
Meaning of this ceremony to you".

A very interested Ayeka reaches for the small scroll, which is tied in a nice 
blue ribbon. Ayeka 
Thinks to herself  "there is no jeria ceremony like this, and I would appreciate 
some clarification ".
Sasami to reaches for the scroll with curiosity, and thinks "pretty blue ribbon" 
and unties it.

As the two ladies read, there eyes get wider and hearts start to race. They both 
finish about the same
 time. They both look at tenchi with disbelief, and love in their eyes.  Ayeka 
says "Oh my god" with
great emotion, and Sasami says, "Yes Tenchi, I will never leave".

Now tenchi, lets out a big sigh as worry leaves him concerning Ayeka and Sasami.

A very happy Ayeka and Sasami grab each others hand, and look into each others 
eyes, and seeing
the happiness there, and become even more happy.  Then Sasami says "I want to 
hug tenchi!".
A smiling tenchi says, "as you command Lady Sasami".

Tenchi steps over and hugs Sasami and the little girls hug him back fiercely. 
Sasami says with a smile
"Thank you tenchi".  Then Lady Ayeka says quietly with great emotion "I want to 
hug tenchi".
 After half a minute tenchi unwraps from Sasami and hugs Ayeka, she hugs tenchi 
with great strength.

But Ayeka starts to cry softly, into tenchi's shoulder, after a minute Ayeka 
says, "I should not cry
on your beautiful cloths".  "It's only water" says tenchi "I am glad I made you 
happy".
Ayeka says with much emotion "you did not make me happy, you answered my 
prayers".

Tenchi is taken back and does not know what to say, so he says " Ah, um, your 
welcome Lady 
Ayeka". Tenchi then feels another small soft hand on his back. So he turns his 
head to look, and
Sees a smiling very happy Sasami looking at both of them. Sasami says " this is 
the way it is suppose
to be everyone happy!". "Just like in the fairy tales!".

Tenchi thinks " This is just wonderful, but I have to leave soon, I have two 
more breakfasts to deliver".
As tenchi pulls back from Ayeka he says sadly "I have to leave I have two more 
breakfasts to cook". 
"Oh" says Ayeka and  Sasami sadly together.

"Duty calls and I must be off" says tenchi. Not realizing that it was the 
perfect way to say goodbye to Ayeka and Sasami. 

"Goodbye Lord tenchi" says Ayeka with a slight bow. "Goodbye Lord tenchi" says 
Sasami with a little
Bow.

As tenchi walks towards the kitchen quietly, he thinks "should I wake Mihoshi 
before or during the
Ceremony".  As he walks down the stairs looking at Mihoshi he sees, an alarm 
clock by her bed.
Tenchi thinks "good that problem is taken care of!".

Back in the kitchen with apron on and sleeves tied back. Tenchi is making 
Mihoshi's breakfast the
Same as the others.  OJ, Tea, Scroll, honey syrup, sliver ware.

Now tenchi pours the batter on the griddle for three pancakes, then bows and 
says.
" God please blesses this food, as Mihoshi has blessed my life with her 
presence". " Her
Beauty and stumbling at times are so special to me". "She has away of dong the 
right thing,
Without thinking about it". "This shows me that doing good, does not require 
though just action,
and we must always work towards doing good in this` world". 

"Her simple honesty and quiet resolve to always see the bright side of life, 
have kept me up
When I am feeling down".

"So thank you god for your creation called Mihoshi". With another bow, tenchi 
flips the pancakes to 
the plate and places some butter on top, then puts the plate on the tray.  He 
turns down the stove, 
Removes his apron and unties his sleeves.  Grabs the little table and takes a 
deep breath. Tenchi
says "Wish me luck god I'm going to need it", and walks into the living room.                 
 
Tenchi smiles as he sees a yawing Mihoshi stretching out her arms over her head, 
and a large amount
Of blond hair everywhere. She is wearing a sleeping T-shirt in gray, with big 
words in black saying
"ARREST ME" on front. Having her breasts separate the words makes tenchi a 
little nervous.

So tenchi thinks " I need to force my mind on the job at hand! ". As Mihoshi 
sees tenchi she says  "Oh good morning Tenchi, I see I woke up just in time". A 
smiling tenchi thinks " It's going to be hard to be formal around Mihoshi".  
"She is just so relaxing, and fun to be around with".

Then in his formal voice tenchi says. "Lady Mihoshi would you like breakfast 
served now?".  
Mihoshi says "Oh it's just me tenchi bring it over, I'm hungry".  Tenchi walks 
over to the futon and 
sets the breakfast table across Mihoshi's lap.  "Thank you tenchi" says Mihoshi. 
Before tenchi has even let
go of the tray.

A relaxed smiling tenchi lets go of the tray, and sits down on his knees beside 
Mihoshi. 
Mihoshi tastes the OJ and says "Very good, I always like fresh orange juice" 
Then she starts eating the
Pancakes right away, and says "this is good too, we may have to ask Sasami, to 
cook a few less meals in the future ".   "Thank you " says an embarrassed 
tenchi.

Tenchi takes a deep breath and says "Lady Mihoshi may I serve you tea?". Mihoshi 
says "of course tenchi,
I'd love some tea".  She picks up the little cup and holds it out for tenchi to 
fill. As she continues to
eat her pancakes with her other hand.  Tenchi fills the cup and Mihoshi says 
"thank you tenchi".

As Mihoshi sips the tea she notices the quality and says "definitely we'll be 
having Sasami cook a few less meals!". "It's as good or better than Sasami's". 
"Thank you again Lady Mihoshi" says tenchi a little surprised. As tenchi waits 
for Mihoshi to eat more he looks outside.

This causes Mihoshi to look out the window and say, "what is so interesting 
outside?".  "Oh nothing"
says tenchi  "I just did not want to embarrass you by staring at you while you 
eat".
"That's no problem" says Mihoshi "I always stare at my friends when they eat, 
because they are my friends".

Tenchi thinks "your are right Mihoshi". "That simple statement says so much".  
Now Tenchi 
takes a deep breath and says "Lady Mihoshi, I have written a small scroll, that 
I wish you to read.
It will convey the meaning, of this ceremony to you ".  "This one tied with the 
blue ribbon?". Asks
Mihoshi. Tenchi nods his head yes .

After Mihoshi swallows, her food she unties the scroll and starts to read it. 
Tenchi watches Mihoshi as
she reads. Because that is what friends do.

Mihoshi's eyes start to widen, she puts down her fork, and her mouth forms the 
words. As she reads the
scroll. Tenchi thinks "I better play it safe, and place my right hand on the 
breakfast tray. Incase Mihoshi
forgets about it. Because based on the other ladies reactions, I did something 
right".

Upon finishing reading the scroll, Mihoshi swallows hard, closes her eyes, and 
remains very still.
Tenchi thinks, "this is not the reaction I was expecting, what's wrong?!".  
Mihoshi thinks to herself  "Oh
God this is serious, and I am acting like this is no big deal!". "Tenchi must be 
thinking I am a fool, and 
closing my eyes and wishing it all away. Will not change my mistakes. I'll just 
open one eye, and see
what  tenchi's reaction is". 

So Mihoshi opens her right eye, and looks at tenchi and sees a worried look in 
his eyes and face. She
opens her left eye and says "What's wrong tenchi?" in a worried voice. "What  
did I do to worry you?".
Tenchi say quickly "I though I had upset you, and that you  did not want to look 
at me!".

Mihoshi says "tenchi I closed my eyes because, I was embarrassed". "I was making 
light of this ceremony,
and then I read the scroll, and understood it's meaning!". "It said exactly what 
is in my heart". " Tenchi
I though you would hate me for making light of it" says Mihoshi anxiously.

Understanding hit tenchi and he says tenderly. "Lady Mihoshi I could never hate 
you, be angry with you
Maybe but never hate you".  A happy Mihoshi throws her arms around tenchi, and 
says. "Thank you
Tenchi".

After a couple of minutes in this position tenchi tenderly says. "I have another 
breakfast to cook, and I 
must  get to it".  A happy Mihoshi sighs and says "ok". As she releases tenchi 
and when tenchi stands up
he asks " would you like me to turn on the TV or radio?. Now that you are up."

Mihoshi answers back "radio I have some reading to do". Tenchi turns he stereo 
on and gets the classical
Station.

A smiling tenchi heads back to the kitchen, and starts to concentrate on Washu.  
With music in the 
background the final breakfast is being prepared.

Like the others OJ, tea, honey, syrup, scroll, he cuts a grapefruit in half, and 
put it in a small bowl.
Then tenchi grabs a bowl, and pours some batter in it. Next he mixes half the 
raspberries in.
He pours 3-dollar size pancakes on the griddle, then bows and starts to pray.

"God please bless this food, as Washu has blessed my life with her presence. Her 
beauty and intelligence
Are wonders to behold?  Her wisdom and wit are a source of strength for me.

I pray that I will be worthy of her respect. She has much to teach and I have 
much to learn.
So thank you god, for your creation called Washu".

Tenchi bows to the griddle, and flips the three pancakes on too a plate. Puts 
some butter on top, and
Places the rest of the raspberries on top of the pancakes.  Tenchi turns off the 
grill, takes off his apron 
And unties his sleeves. Tenchi thinks, " I better take one last look to make 
sure everything is ok".

Then tenchi checks his watch, and thinks "washu's door should open to her room 
now". As tenchi 
Walks across the living room, to Washu's lab door.  Mihoshi waves to him with a 
big smile and a 
Hang loose gesture with her fingers.

Tenchi smiles and shakes his head then he knocks on the door and says "Lady 
Washu your breakfast is
To be served".  The door says, "enter" and tenchi does.  Upon entering Tenchi 
sees Washu's bedroom for
The first time.

Tenchi says to himself "it seems very simple, just a bed close to the floor". "A 
floating
Large pillow". "Now why so simple" thinks tenchi. Then tenchi understands "I 
know
If you are able to open pockets to subspace. To place what ever you want there. 
You
Don't need things out in the open, you just retrieve what you need as you need 
it. 
Very smart Washu".

A happy tenchi looks at a beautiful Washu sitting up in her bed in a simple two-
piece sleeping
Outfit pink in color. Tenchi says in a level voice "Lady washu may I serve you 
breakfast?".

"I would be honored," says washu. Tenchi walks over and set the little table 
across Washu's legs.
As he does tenchi thinks "washu seems very happy this morning, and is wearing 
perfume?'.
"Well that is certainly a first for her!".

Tenchi then kneels beside Washu's bed and sits on his feet.  He takes a deep 
breath and in a 
Formal voice; while looking Washu in the eyes says, "May I serve you tea, lady 
Washu?".
"Yes Lord Tenchi" says Washu in a formal voice matching tenchi's

Washu reaches with both hands, and picks up the small teacup. She holds it for 
tenchi to pour.
Tenchi fills Washu's cup, bows with his head and sits back down on his feet.  
Waiting for
Washu's reaction to the tea.  With a smile on her face Washu says formally "very 
good lord tenchi ".
'Thank you " says tenchi.

Then Washu says,  "What is this rolled up piece of paper with a blue ribbon Lord 
tenchi?".

Tenchi pauses before answering, and thinks "I wanted her to taste the food 
first, and she notices the scroll 
Right away". "Well she is a scientist, obersavation and curiosity are what make 
washu a good one." 
Tenchi clears his thoughts and says in a formal voice: while looking Washu in 
the eyes. "That is a
Scroll, I have written, and I want you to read it. So that the meaning of this 
ceremony, will become
Clear to you".

"Fair enough" says Washu. She unties the blue bow, and starts to read it. In 5 
seconds Washu is done,
and still smiling looks tenchi in the eyes and winks.  This startles tenchi and 
he does not know what to
think.

Washu laugh's lightly at teanchi's reaction then says. "Tenchi you surprised me, 
my projection of
 your actions came true today". "But I expected you to memorize a speech, and to 
make mistakes".
"Because you are not a trained oraterator,. "Why did you write it?".  Tenchi 
answers, "it was to
Important ". "You see I needed to clarify my reasons, and I knew if I spoke the 
words." "I
would make mistakes!". "You could have read it" says Washu.  "I know my limits 
washu, and
I try to work around them" says Tenchi.

"A man who knows his limits, and is not afraid to admit them". "Oh my you are a 
rare one lord
Tenchi" says washu.  "You have surprised me again," says Washu while clapping 
her hands.  "What
do they teach you in in your schools?".

"Nothing to special the real tough classes are in college" says tenchi. "Well 
you learned a lot some
where?". Says washu.  "I think my friends have been giving me lessons in life" 
says tenchi.
Washu pauses a moment then says, " the greatest teacher of all time is life.  
She lets your learn it until 
You get it get it right or your are dead".

"I hope you survive what is to come!" says washu. "I will as long as those I 
care for are by my 
side"  says tenchi.

"Tenchi do you understand what a big step this is?" says  Washu. "this is not a 
big step!" says tenchi
with strong conviction. "It is a necessary little step full of possibility, " 
says tenchi. Washu pauses
and thinks then says "You are correct tenchi. I did not see it that way".

"You are quite intelligent!". "Thank you washu that means a lot coming from 
you". "Now I
want to ask you". "Is what is happing really that impossible?. Or is it 
impossible only because we
think it is!" says tenchi.

"Many great people have though, what you have just said so clearly" says washu. 
Then tenchi says
"Washu you have so much more experience then I do". "Does what I am doing feel 
wrong to you?".

Washu says, "Most people have hidden agendas, and those with greatness, use 
their greatness to
Hide their flaws". "But you already have greatness written into you, and have 
not been around long 
Enough to do or learn great evil".

"Maybe that is why I am so attracted to you," says Washu with excitement. "You 
already have this
greatness with none of the baggage. Just enormous potential ahead of you".  
"With the right people around
you to warn you, and your ability to listen, and your joy of learning."  Washu 
pauses looks at tenchi
with large eyes and says. "Oh my we are all in for an interesting ride!".

"I don't understand?" says tenchi.  "You will," says washu laughing lightly "you 
will".

Then Washu asks tenchi "why did you do this breakfast in bed?"


"Well you remember last week. When I was fixing some of the damage to the 
outside of the house.
On the second floor, and fell.  I only had time to say help once, but Ryoko got 
to me just before
My head hit the sidewalk. She and I phased through the sidewalk, and no one was 
hurt." Says tenchi.

"Yes I remember, I was outside with the other girls enjoying the picnic lunch. 
You scared us all!." 
Says Washu.  "Well I saw the worry, and love in your eyes and the other ladies 
eyes". Says tenchi.
'I realize that you all cared very deeply for me, this touched me". "As I though 
about it, if the same
thing had happened to any or you ladies. I would have felt the same, as you all 
felt about me". "So
I had to do something".

Seeing Washu's confused look tenchi explains. "You see I don't have experience 
in this sort of thing.
It's the first time for me." Tenchi pauses then says " All I know is that if any 
of the ladies here, where
To leave it would feel worst then when my mother died".

A tense tenchi continues, "So I had to do this, my life depends upon it".  "Oh 
tenchi you are in love"
Says Washu excitedly. "You are doing exactly what you should be doing".

"But Washu" says tenchi "Love is suppose to make you happy". "Not to worry about 
upsetting someone".
"Tenchi, Tenchi" says waahu "that worry keeps us from hurting each other when we 
are mad at 
one another".   "This is very normal"

"Now what where the other ladies, reaction to this breakfast?".  Says washu. 
"All positive" says tenchi.
"That's a big understatement" thinks Washu. "Tenchi explodes a nova bomb five 
times this morning,
and lights up a universe for five ladies".  "And he says it's positive". "Well 
no exaggeration   here"
thinks Washu.

Another thought hits washu "nothing will be the same, but change is good. This 
group is always 
Changing, that is one of its strengths".

"Well tenchi I have to let you go, you need to help your grandfather today" says 
Washu.  Tenchi
gets up to leave, and bows to Washu and says "Thank you".  Then Washu says 
"Tenchi you
will always  know where I am".  Making tenchi smile a very big smile.

After leaving Washu's lab, tenchi looks for Mihoshi in the living room. She is 
not there 
And Tenchi thinks, "she must be up in the bathroom taking a bath". So tenchi 
walks to
The kitchen to clean up his mess, and is surprized. The kitchen is already 
clean, and tenchi  says to himself. "I wonder which of the girls cleaned up the 
kitchen?." "Would
It not be great if they all helped to clean it up".

Tenchi opens the fridge grabs 3 egg rolls, and starts walking towards the shrine 
thinking.
"I did a good thing today".




End of chapter 2 iron chief

Next chapter is THE LORDS PRAYER
The last chapter


 Name steven laird
Email midknight@Radiks.net

All questions and statements are welcomed
           
    
     
     
    


  
 
           










