Description of this chapter: Lord Tenchi has unexpected help, and everyone's prayers
                                             Are answered. Maybe!. 

Chapter 3 of  BREAKFAST IN BED

Chapter THE LORDS PRAYER


Folks, this is Fanfic. This means we are taking characters and situations from one
story and incorporating them into one of ours, completely without permission. The
characters and situations in question are copyrighted. So that means...WE DON'T
OWN THEM. Someone else does, therefore out of courtesy (and so those of us who know
better don't think you're a total dope) you include the disclaimer (usually at the
top or the bottom of the fic, to make it abundantly clear) that basically says
something to the effect of: I don't own these characters, someone else does. I
didn't create either them or their situations, someone else did that too (It's a
good idea to give these people names, but is not entirely necessary). This story
comes entirely from my imagination, and is not, nor intended to be, cannon. The
last stipulation is usually a pleading for the owners not to sue, because most of
us are broke most of the time 



The morning passes quickly, the ladies have the house to themselves. Nobuyuki is
Not around he, took some video equipment, and went up to the shrine.

So the girls talk through the morning about tenchi. Trying to put everything in
A new order.

During lunch Nobuyuki walks into the house, holding videotape, and a big smile.
As Nobuyuki enters the house he says loudly, "Hello lovely ladies, any food left?".
Then he walks over to the VCR and slides the tape in. But he does not turn it on.
He grabs the remote puts it in his back pants pocket, and heads into the kitchen to eat.

As Nobuyuki walks into the kitchen, smelling deeply he says to Sasami. "What's
For lunch?,  it smells great."  "Ginger beef" says Sasami happily.  "Perfect" says
Nobuyuki as he set down at the kitchen table and starts to eat.

The ladies wait a couple of minutes to let him eat. Then washu says "Nobuyuki 
Why did you place a video tape in the VCR before coming to the kitchen to eat?".

Nobuyuki smiles and looks at all five ladies before answering. "I video taped tenchi
Without his knowledge this morning". "I though you ladies would like to see and
Hear what tenchi did." "In the creation of his ceremony this morning". 

All the girls drop what they are doing, and head to the living room, to turn on the 
TV and Video player. Leaving Nobuyuki in the kitchen alone, laughing softly.

In the living room Ryoko shouts, "where is the remote control?!". "I don't see
It! " says Ayeka.  A laughing  Nobuyuki walks into the living room, holding the
Remote above his head. Then Nobuyuki says "I took it for a reason, I need to tell you 
Girls. A couple of things before you watch the tape". "First of all I reversed the order,
In which things were done". "You will understand why after viewing the tape!".
"Second I shortened the tape considerably, and left in only the good stuff".  "The
Directors cut will come later".

"Any questions?"  asks Nobuyuki.  "Just turn on the tape yells" Ryoko . "You asked
for it " says Nobuyuki Knowingly. The tape starts with tenchi Humming, and making breakfast the first one.

The view is from above, and off to the right. Because that is where Nobuyuki had
Hid his video camera. As Tenchi grabs the tray mark Ryoko, Ryoko shouts " this
Is my breakfast!". Ryoko watches the TV like a predicator watching it's prey.

Then Tenchi pours batter on the grill bows and puts his hands together, and prays
Out loud and says."God please Bless this food, as Ryoko has blessed my life with her presence".
Her beauty and gracefulness are a Joy to watch. " "Her loyalty to me is without question, and I
pray I never let her down".

"Her expressive nature is always needed, because she is expressing what the others, and I 
 are Usually thinking or need to think about". "So thank you god for your creation called Ryoko". 
Tenchi bows again to the stove, and then flips the completed pancakes to a plate. Then he
Leaves the Kitchen.

A stunted  Ryoko is crying quietly and Ryoko says softly "Oh Tenchi, Tenchi you really do care".
As she hugs herself.

The other girls are surprised at the beauty and eloquence and feeling tenchi had put into the
prayer. But before they can say anything, the screen on the TV changes. 

It shows Tenchi in the kitchen again, putting food on two breakfast trays. The trays
Have the names Ayeka and Sasami on them.  As Ayeka and Sasami see their names on the screen,
they both say the same thing "This is my breakfast!".

Now Ayeka and Sasami lean closer to the TV , so as not to miss anything. They watch
As tenchi bows to the griddle and pours two strawberry ,and two chocolate pancakes .

Then tenchi puts his hands together, and starts to pray out loud and says. 
"God please bless this food as Ayeka and Sasami have blessed my life with their presents.
"Ayeka's beauty and elegance, have always taken my breath away, and Sasami's beauty and giving
Nature, are a treasure I will always appreciate ".



"Their loyalty to each other and me is always a source of strength for me". Ayeka's formal ways,
And manners are an inspiration for me, that is how I came up with this Idea". Sasami's cooking
is one of the things that holds us together, and her innocent view of the world. Helps us to see
the best in everything".

"So thank you god for your two creations called Ayeka and Sasami. I am truly blessed to know them."
Tenchi bows again, the prayer done, he flips the pancakes onto two plates, then adds more strawberries
On top of the strawberry pancakes. Putting the pancakes on the correct trays, tenchi then takes off
His apron unties the sleeves and turns down the griddle, and leaves the kitchen

Ayeka fighting back tears says in a broken voice full of emotion "Oh my God!, Tenchi
I  prayed for this to happen, and now". Ayeka goes num as all the emotions hit her.
Then Sasami jumps up and says happily " YAA, YAA, for Tenchi he did it!. This is
The way it is suppose to be!". 
Then Washu mumbles "out of the mouth of children".  Sasami looks at Ayeka and
Ryoko and says " Tenchi made you two very happy, I can tell. So remember this day
When you want to fight. I don't like fighting!".

Sasami turns to watch the TV as Ryoko and Ayeka look at each other. Then they grab a
hold of each other for support. As they turn to watch the next breakfast.    

  As Mihoshi sees the food being placed on the tray with her name on it. She
Become anxious to hear what tenchi has to say. Mihoshi thinks to herself
"What is tenchi going to say?. What ever he says it will make me very happy ! I know it.
But what is even more wonderful, is that everyone else gets to hear it!. 


Now tenchi pours the batter on the griddle for three pancakes, then bows and says.
" God please blesses this food, as Mihoshi has blessed my life with her presence". " Her
Beauty and stumbling at times are so special to me". "She has away of dong the right thing,
Without thinking about it". "This shows me that doing good, does not require though just
action, and we must always work towards doing good in this` world". 

"Her simple honesty and quiet resolve to always see the bright side of life, have kept me
up. When I am feeling down".

"So thank you god for your creation called Mihoshi". With another bow, tenchi flips the
pancakes to the plate and places some butter on top, then puts the plate on the tray. 
He turns down the stove. 
Removes his apron and unties his sleeves.  Grabs the little table and takes a deep breath. 

Tenchi says "Wish me luck god I'm going to need it", and walks into the living room.                 
 
  "Yes, Yes, Yes, " says a happy Mihoshi, as she jumps up and hugs Ayeka and Ryoko together.
A smiling Sasami looks over at Washu and says happily " your next Washu!".
A smiling Washu says "yes I am Sasami" and washu mumbles softly "sometimes
Being last is not so great".

The  seen on the TV changes and Tenchi is back in the kitchen. But this time soft classical
music is heard, not the quiet of  moving tenchi moving through the kitchen.
Now washu thinks to herself "good choice tenchi I like classical music. I helps me
To think clearly". 
 
Tenchi pours 3-dollar size pancakes on the griddle, then bows and starts to pray.
"God please bless this food, as Washu has blessed my life with her presence. 
Her beauty and intelligence are wonders to behold? 
 Her wisdom and wit are a source of strength for me.

I pray that I will be worthy of her respect. She has much to teach and I have much 
to learn. So thank you god, for your creation called Washu".

Tenchi bows to the griddle, and flips the three pancakes on too a plate. Puts some
 butter on top, and places the rest of the raspberries on top of the pancakes.  Tenchi 
turns off the grill, takes off his apron, and unties his sleeves. 

A sniffling  Washu says quietly "You got to me Tenchi. Many people have cursed
At  me , but only a few have prayed for me and none have meant it like you do."

Sasami runs over and hugs Washu, the other girls after hearing what washu said.
Are both happy and sad for her.

Then Sasami says, "be happy little washu now you know Tenchi cares for you".
"Ooh I know that little one," says washu with great emotion.

Sasami looking at the TV notices the picture has changed. The music is gone, and
Tenchi is walking up the steps to the shrine. So Sasami shouts "Hay look everyone
Tenchi is back on TV again. I wonder what he is going to do this time?.

All eyes turn to the TV set to see what Tenchi is doing. On the TV they see Tenchi in
His regular cloths carrying his school bag. It is not quite dawn, just predawn 
Light at this time.

As tenchi approaches the tree, he places his school bag on the ground. He then takes out 
A strip of paper about two feet long with writing on each side. Tenchi looks at the 
paper Kisses it and says "Ryoko". Tenchi then ties the paper to a low tree lim. About five
feet of the ground.  

Tenchi repeats this four times more times. Kissing the paper and saying Ayeka,
Sasami, Mihoshi, and Washu. After tying them in a five-foot circle. Tenchi 
Stands in the center and kneels down, and sits on his feet. He places his hands on
His knees, takes a deep breath bows and prays. 

As Tenchi prays the morning sunlight, lights up the spot where tenchi is, and everything
Glows. He is heard saying "Honor, honesty, humor, passion, patients, and loyalty".
"God I am not eloquent enough to write great prayers". "So please give to these five
Ladies these six gifts in abundant amounts.

These are the true gifts you can bestow upon them, so thank you god." Tenchi opens his
Eyes stands up, and leaves never looking back always forward. The tape
Ends and the TV screen goes black with a hissing sound.

Five quiet ladies stair at the blank screen for a few moments. Not believing the 
Emotional roller coaster they had just gone through. Then Mihoshi in a happy
Voice says, "lets all go up to the shrine, and look at what tenchi wrote on those
Papers in the tree!".

"I need to blow my nose first," says Ayeka, "Me too" says Washu. "same here"
says Ryoko.

The walk up to the shrine puts everyone in a steady happy mood. As it settles
Their emotions the ladies notice about 24 people walking around the shrine.
Some people are putting prayer strips in the tree. Others are in the temple
Talking to Yosho and Tenchi.

Sasami and Mihoshi both run laughing to the spot where tenchi was on the TV.
They yell back to the others "This is it, the place where tenchi was on the TV!".
Sasami says, "I found mine, the names are on the bottom". Mihoshi answers back 
"You are right Sasami, and I found mine too."

The other three ladies join them.  Sasami says happily "Ayeka yours is right
Next to mine, see your name on the bottom". "Do you see what they say?" says 
Mihoshi.  "Yes" says Ayeka "honor, honesty, humor, passion, patients, and loyalty".
"Just as Lord Tenchi wanted us all to have".

All the ladies hare holding their own prayer strip by the bottom. Because the
Breeze makes reading impossible. Then washu says in a questioning tone
" I did not know tenchi knew how to do Illumination?". "What's that?" says 
Ryoko. "In times past when books where hand written. People would paint
Pictures around the words on the page. Or use gold leaf like this, to make each word.
It's not expensive, but it is time consuming. The way the gold leaf flows, it looks
Like a liquid, very artistic".

Just then a wind comes up blowing things around. Each of the ladies holds on 
Tightly to the bottom of they're prayer from tenchi. Which causes the slick little blue
Ribbon to untie on all five papers, and fall off the tree. The ladies keep a hold of the
Papers, but the ribbons blow away.

"What do we do now?" says Sasami. "We can't put them back in the tree the way 
They were". "We keep them" Says Ryoko. "They would be destroyed soon in this
Wind, if we don't take them". "I plan to take very good care of mine". "It's part of my
Pirate treasure now". Says Ryoko.

"Yes I agree," says Washu. She opens a small dimensional pocket and places the
 Paper inside and closes it.  Ayeka approaches Washu holding her prayer to her
Chest softly, and says. "Washu it is windy out here today. Would you mind doing me a
Favor?. I want you to open up your storage area and place my prayer next to yours for
safe keeping".

"I'd be happy to Ayeka" says washu. Then washu looks at the other ladies and says
"Do the rest of you feel the same way ?" The three girls say "yes" and " thank 
you Washu". They place their prayers in Washu's pocket dimension.

Mihoshi says "well what should we do now?'.  "I'm going home to cook a big 
Thank you dinner for tenchi" says Sasami. "Can I help you?" says Mihoshi.
Sasami says, "Yes it will be fun for you to help".

"I'm going to fly around to clear my head," says Ryoko as she teleports away.
Ayeka says, "I will take a short walk to organize my thoughts". "Then I will
Help you Sasami cook tonight's meal". 

Washu says, "Well I plan to stay up here for awhile the day is to perfect to go 
Inside". "So I plan to enjoy the day".  Washu watches as the three girls head
Out, smiling at them as they leave.

Thinking to herself Washu says, "they are a wonderful group, or should I say.
We are a wonderful group. Each of us separately do nearly impossible
Things. So why can't we as a group do even greater and impossible things?".

"The possibilities are there, are we brave enough to raise up to the challenge
and foolish enough to try?" "Oh yes we are! Being brave and foolish is
What we are all about even tenchi".  

As Washu walks around the shrine, she reads sayings written on scrolls like.
I praise loudly, I blame softly.  Then another saying she reads. The supreme
Happiness of life is the convection that we are loved.  "Very true" says Washu
As she continues to walk and read.

What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?. "Now that describes
Tenchi" says Washu.

Washu wanders over to the temple hoping to see tenchi, instead she runs into Yosho.
"Good afternoon" Washu says to Yosho.  "I am glade to see you up here, are you
Enjoying the girls festival?" says Yosho. 

"More than I realized I would", says Washu. A curious Yohso says "Why ?"
"HA!" says Washu. "To answer that simple question, would require such a complex
Answer that even. I the greatest scientist in the universe might not be able to answer!".

Yosho's eyes get a bit wider, and he thinks. "What's going on? Washu is not like this.
Oh well Instead of pursuing the Answer she gave me I think its time to change the
 Subject". 

"Did you know tenchi put prayers in the tree for each of you ladies?." "Yes we did", 
says Washu. "That is the reason why I am up here". "How did you find out?," says
Yosho. "Nobuyuki told us", says Washu. "Oh " says Yosho. "Well did you like
Them?. Tenchi put a lot of work and heart into painting those prayers last night".

"What do you mean painting?" says Washu with a bit of curiosity in her voice.
"Well I gave tenchi the paper, and brushes and ink to create them", says Yosho.
"Ink?" says Washu. "Yes ink", says Yosho.

"I must run," says Washu. "I just remembered an experiment, that needs to be done".
"It's been nice talking with you. I got to run bye now". Washu runs down the stairs
towards her lab thinking. "I knew that gold looked to much like a liquid". "Well
I am going to find out what happened". 

30 minutes later a very puzzled Washu is starring at her prayer paper. While she is sitting
 in her lab. Thinking to herself she says, "well the gold is gold absolutely pure gold
at that." "But the gold is not on top of the paper, it has bonded on the molecular level".
"Just like wood pulp would soak it up, and it changed color". "You just cannot do
 that with gold. " "The melting point of gold would destroy the paper". "What was done
can be created but would take a great deal of time".

"Moving one molecule at a time, and the cost oh my!". Then Washu says, " Ok
god I'm supposed to believe you answer prayers". "And that you just answered
Tenchi's prayer".  "So I suppose, I now have to go along with this".

"Well I'm not stupid, I get the message". "I just hope the universe is ready for
us, we are going to shake it up".

  

     
      

  
The end ???? Not quite yet

But I plan not to write anymore.

Now it is up to you to continue the story as it should continue. 
              
 Person responsible   Steven laird
Email 
Midknight@Radiks.net 
Any and all comments welcomed





 
