Disclamer: Hey everybody! This is my first Tenchi fic so bare with me.
I read fics with Tenchi meeting new characters, getting practically every
girl, and kick some major bad guy ass! But this is different. What if one
day you find out you have a twin you never knew existed? Well Tenchi does
in this fic and he may look similar to Tenchi but he is TOTALLY different
from Tenchi. Just read on to find out more! By the way there are some parts
that get a "little heated" but nothing to get you horny or some shit like
that(and dont shake your head no if you know what i'm talking about). Tenchi
and Co.
are property of AIC and Pioneer LDC. Kiros and the Lighthawk Angel are my
brainchildren. Now on with the show! Enjoy!

BROTHERS OF JURAI
EPISODE I: Strange Behavior

  Morning at the Masaki house..

"Tenchi! Breakfast!" yelled Sasami from downstairs. The smell of the little
princess' cooking
filled the air as Tenchi Masaki finished getting dressed.

"I'll be right down." answered the prince as he put on his left sock.

It would be an ordinary day like usual. Sasami would clean house and make
something new
for dinner that night. Ayeka would be in her room or downstairs reading a
book or something that would
keep her busy. Ryoko, as always, would do nothing but sleep, eat, torment
Ayeka, eat, torment Ayeka more,
and sleep. Mihoshi would be sitting watching t.v. as usual. Washu would be
in her lab blowing things
up or try to find a way to get Tenchi's "sample"! Kiyone would help Sasami
clean or practice her martial
arts. Tenchi of course would go to the fields in the morning and practice
with his gradfather,Yosho,
in the afternoon.

Tenchi made his way downstairs and to the table where Ayeka and Ryoko were
already fighting
on who will set next to Tenchi.

"Just another, ordinary day." Tenchi said to himself.

After breakfast, everybody went their seperate ways as usual. Tenchi walked
out the door without
saying a word fearing that Ryoko and Ayeka will fight again on who will say
"goodbye" to him first. As
he walked to the gates, Tenchi spotted Kiyone standing alone in the garden.

"Funny," Tenchi thought to himself,"Kiyone never stands in the garden
alone!"

Tenchi made his way over to the GP detective. "What's wrong Kiyone?" asked
the curious Tenchi.

Startled, Kiyone turned to him and gave him a soft smile. She was wearing a
white midrif with
black silk pants. Her hair was up with a few strands over her gleaming eyes
and face. She was also
wearing a little more makeup than usual as well.

"Nothings wrong Tenchi. I was just thinking to myself, that's all." Kiyone
said looking into
Tenchi's gentle eyes.

Suddenly she walked over to Tenchi and cupped his face with her hands.
Tenchi's heart started
to race quickly and he started to turn red as a drop of sweat rolled down
his forehead. Kiyone then
gave him a small, gentle kiss and said to him "You have a good day, Tenchi."

Tenchi, who at a small moment was shocked, was now confused. This was not
like Kiyone at all.
He looked in her eyes for an answer but instead got tears. Wanting to
comfort her, she just told him
to go on and that she'll be fine. Tenchi left knowing that she will be fine
but yet felt guilty for
leaving her in such a state.

------
It was nearly lunchtime when the doorbell rang. Ayeka happened to be coming
down the stairs at the
moment. "I'll get it!" said the princess. She opened the door to find the
mailman scared out of his wits
from the guardians saying hi to him at the gates.

"Important letter for Tenchi M..Masaki." he stuttered in fear.

"He's not here at the moment but I will be glad to give it to him as soon as
he gets home." answered
the curious princess as she signed the form saying that the letter was
recieved.

Ryoko appeared shortly to see the mailman run like hell from the house. "Who
was that and why is
he in such a big hurry?!" asked the cyan haired beauty. She then noticed the
letter in Ayeka's hand and she had to
ask. "Who's that for?" she asked.

"It's for Tenchi." responded a curious Ayeka. Suddenly she gasped as she saw
the familiar royal seal
that sealed the letter. "Oh my! It's from the Jurai Royal Family! My
family!" said the princess.

Ryoko, being Ryoko of course, had to know what the letter contained.
"Well,Ayeka, open it and see what
it says!"

"I'm not going to open it Ryoko! It is addressed to Lord Tenchi and he
should be the one to open it.
I'm not one to open and read business of other people." said Ayeka.

"Well then, if you won't I will." said Ryoko as she snatched the letter from
Ayeka. "Afterall, Tenchi
and I are one and whatever is his is mine."

Ayeka was now clearly angered. Now when Ayeka gets angry, she tends on
saying a few things that princesses
are not supposed to say. This happened to be one of those moments.

"Ryoko you are so full of bullshit! How dare you say that Tenchi is one with
you when it is he and I that
are connected by fate." yelled the princess.

"My, my princess, don't we have a filthy mouth. I thought princesses are not
supposed to talk like that.
I don't think Tenchi would ever want to kiss a mouth full of such vial
poison." laughed Ryoko.

Ayeka, not to be outsmarted by Ryoko, quickly retaliated. "And like yours
isn't my dear Ryoko. If I remember
correctly, I swore you said every curse word ever known when you could not
get the new DVD player to work the other day.
You have the mouth of a hairy, disgusting sailor. But then again that is the
kind you throw yourself at."

Ryoko stared to harness her powers as well as Ayeka. They were both on the
point of explosion when Aeka
realized that they were going to get nowhere with this. Ayeka let down her
guard and gentlely told Ryoko, "Listen Ryoko,
we are fighting over Tenchi because of this letter. It is almost lunchtime
and Tenchi will be back in half an hour, so why
don't we just give it to him at lunch."

Ryoko saw Ayeka had a point. "You're right Ayeka. I guess I can wait in
suspense until then." agreed Ryoko. "Besides
Tenchi would get mad if we blew up the house of again."

"Then it is settled. We will wait until Tenchi gets home." said Ayeka.

With everything at peace, and everything still standing for once, they both
went back to what they were doing
before the mysterious letter appeared.

------
"That was great! Sasami, you out did yourself again!" said a full Tenchi.

"Thanks Tenchi! That means a lot coming from you." said Sasami as she
started to blush at Tenchi's compliment.

"You know, Sasami, you should write a cookbook and sell it to the public.
That is a good way to make money for
yourself." said Yosho while taking a sip of his tea.

"Well to tell you the truth Grandpa, I have started. Lately, I have had some
free time and have had nothing to do.
So one day I decided to write a cookbook." explained Sasami. "But I doubt
people will buy it because..well..I'm a little girl
and what does a little girl know about cooking?"

"Do not think like that Sasami." said Kiyone. "You know plenty and besides
it will be a change. It's not everyday that
a little girl can cook and can compete with the best cheifs of the earth."

Mihoshi, who spoke up with a mouth full of food, said "Who knows Sasami.
Maybe you might have your own show one day."

"Wow! You're right. I guess I will start again as soon as chores get done!"
said the happy princess.

"Tell me when you're done writing," said Washu, "I'll be happy to publish it
for you. I've been wanting to try my brand new
Ultra Printing Press!"

"I sure will!" answered Sasami.

"Oh! I almost forgot!" Ayeka said suddenly. "Tenchi, a letter came for you
today in the mail."

Ryoko suddenly arose and disappered out of the room. She reappeared next to
the table and picked up the letter that was
sitting next to the telephone.  She then disappeared again this time
reappearing next to Ayeka. She handed the letter to her who
then gave the letter to its rightfull owner.

"It is from Jurai." added the princess. "That is our family seal."

"This really must be important if it came from Jurai." said a surprised
Tenchi as he started to open the letter. After
breaking the seal, he pulled out the letter and started to read to himself.
Everyone was very anxious on what the letter contained
and would wish Tenchi would hurry reading it so they know what it said.

"Well, what does it say Tenchi?" Sasami finally asked.

Tenchi kept reading and started to tell everyone the news. "It's from Lady
Funaho. She says that a very important deligate
from Jurai will be visiting us and he will be here in the late morning
tomorrow."

Yosho listened and took a final sip of his tea. "Hmmm. Tenchi practice will
be canceled today." said the Jurian.

"Why grandpa?" asked a surprised Tenchi. It wasn't everyday that his
grandfather canceled practice, especially since Tenchi will
be done with his training soon. There was no more for Tenchi to learn from
his grandfather and he was to become a master of Jurai swordsmanship.

"Well, Tenchi, if an important figure from Jurai is coming tomorrow; don't
you think you should make a good impression by showing
that you are a good host?" responded Yosho.

Tenchi was still confused. Then the old man leaned eye to eye to Tenchi.
"That means clean house." he said to his confused grandson.
"Oh yeah! I knew that." laughed Tenchi. "Sure you did." Yosho said
sarcasticly.

"I'll start on the dishes!" said Sasami. "Ayeka start cleaning the first
floor. Mihoshi, you start on the third and make sure
the spare room is cleaned. Washu, you can start on the second floor."

"I'll start on the bathrooms and clean the onsen." said Ryoko. Suddenly
everybody looked at Ryoko. She never volunteers
to clean, especially the bathroom. "What!?" Ryoko said, "It's someone very
important and maybe I want to make a good impression."
Everyone just shrugged and agreed.

"I'll go out to the garden and pick some roses for the rooms." said Kiyone
as she grabbed Tenchi by the arm. "Come and help
me, Tenchi!" Tenchi's heart started to race and the memory of that morning
came back into mind.

"Uh..that's o.k. Kiyone. I don't think you need my help." stuttered Tenchi.
"Don't be silly, of course I do. Not to mention
there is nothing else left to do in the house." smiled Kiyone.

"Go on Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko from the bathroom. "Yeah, it's not like Kiyone
is going to do something to you. She's not like that!"
Ayeka added.

"Honey, you only know half of it!" Tenchi thought to himself.

With that said, Kiyone grabbed Tenchi's hand and ran with him outside.

------
The smell of sweet roses filled the air around the garden as Tenchi stood
next to Kiyone with a small basket in his hands.
"I love the smell of roses, don't you Tenchi?" gleamed the beautiful
officer.

"Uh..um..well..yeah..I guess..sure I do." Tenchi agreed. He wasn't thinking
straight. The event that happened that morning has
been bothering him all day. Sure Kiyone was beautiful, mature, and, well,
very sexy. At times, Tenchi thought he could see himself
with her in the future. Afterall she was the only one that didn't fight for
his love and at times he felt sorry for her and all that
she has been through. But Tenchi knew in his heart that he didn't have
feelings for her. He had special feelings for..

"Ow! That hurt!" Kiyone said suddenly breaking Tenchi's train of thought.

"Are you o.k.?" asked Tenchi. "Oh! Kiyone! You're bleeding and bad as a
matter of fact." Tenchi set the basket full of roses
down and ran over to the bucket of water that was next to the well at the
garden gates. He ran back to Kiyone with a cold, wet cloth.
"Here, put this around the cut. I'll be right back." said Tenchi. He ran to
the shed where he remembered seeing a first aid kit.
"Found it!" he said as Tenchi pulled out a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a
roll of wrapping bandages. He ran back to Kiyone only to
find her sitting on the grass underneath a cherry blossom. "Here let me have
that." commanded Tenchi as he took the wet cloth that
was stained with blood. Taking the shears that Kiyone was using to cut the
roses, Tenchi took off his white shirt, exposing his chest,
and cut the sleeve off. He then poured the rubbing alcohol on it and told
Kiyone to give him her hand.

As he wiped the cut, Tenchi noticed Kiyone wincing at the stinging pain and
noticed that she was sheding a few tears.
"I thought GP officers were tough." laughed Tenchi as he finished wrapping
the bandage around the cut. "We can stare Death in the face
when in battle but when we get a paper cut we are nothing but big babies."
laughed Kiyone wiping the tears with her free hand.
"Thanks Tenchi."

"Anytime Kiyone!" said Tenchi "Just make sure you.."

Tenchi was cut off with Kiyone's lips. This wasn't like the gentle kiss she
gave him this morning but instead was a more
fierce, passionate kiss. Kiyone had her hand on his chest and was making her
way down. Tenchi, finding himself not fighting her off,
started to tense. "This isn't right!" he thought to himself.

Tenchi then pulled Kiyone off of him just as she reached between his legs.
"Kiyone! Stop this! This isn't right!" Tenchi said
franticlly. Kiyone looked away from Tenchi and started to cry.

"Kiyone, I'm sorry about that. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry if I
lead you on in anyway cause I never meant to. I just
do not have feelings for you." calmly said Tenchi.

"You should not apologize to me Tenchi, I should be the one apologizing to
you." sobbed Kiyone. Her eyeliner was running down
her face that made her look like she was crying dark tears. "It's just that
you remind me of someone of my past. Someone I loved."

Tenchi looked at her curiously. This was the first time he's ever heard her
say of someone of a past that she was trying to
forget. Apparently this person broke her heart and it must have traumatized
her. Tenchi also noticed a ring on her left hand. The ring
was gold intertwined with silver that had a small diamond snuggled in the
middle. Anyone can see it was a wedding band but it was not
faded in color and looks like its only been worn once.

Kiyone suddenly stood up and wiped the tears from her eyes. "Tenchi, lets
head back to the house." she said. Tenchi got up
and started to put his shirt back on. "Kiyone..can we keep this to
ourselves. I mean if the others knew.." Kiyone put her fingers up
to Tenchi's lips and whispered to him, "Sure Tenchi."

Tenchi smiled and they headed back to the house waiting for tomorrow to
come.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Next Episode:  No Need for a Forgotten Past

"You cannot be my brother! I was raised alone!" yelled Tenchi at the
stranger.

"And so was I Tenchi! But unlike you, you had father and mother as well as
grandpa!" responded Kiros.
And with that silence fell amoung the group.

"Tenchi, you and I are blood. What do I need to prove this to you?" said
Kiros.

Tenchi stood there for a moment, rose his head, and responded.

"Fight me dear brother!" he sneered. "We'll see if your my brother."
----------------------------------------------------------------
I hope you liked that. Like I said this is my first so dont send me any bad
notes or anything. I promise you though
it will get better. To get some things straight, this is based on the oav
and the 2nd tenchi flick daughter of darkness
that is thought to be the film following the oav. Kiyone and Mihoshi are a
few years younger and Tenchi is around 20 years
of age. Plus Mayuka will make her first appearence in the next episode.
Please send me your thoughts because writers always
need another persons opinon. No bad or insulting ones please because if you
do believe me you'll regret it.

thanx,
Kirokyo
Hefe07@aol.com
