
Hi there! I am Kraken and this is my first fanfic of ANY kind.  So don't flame 
on me too bad if it really bites.  By the way, the Tenchi Muyo! characters are 
the property of Pioneer and AIC.  So if either company should happen to get 
ahold of this material, don't sue me, ok?  I've admitted that none of the 
characters are mine. I also added Kiyone because Tenchi isn't complete without 
all six ladies and-

Giant god-like figure in the sky:  GET ON WITH IT!

Okay, Okay, (I shouldn't watch so much Monty Python, I guess)

			Bushido Muyo! by Jeremy "Kraken" Acord
				azhrei701@hotmail.com
					or...
			zerokraken@aol.com (until end 2000)

	Episode 1: "No need for Nightmares!"

Ryoko's breathing was labored, and her stance was not as crisp as it should be.
  She must have been fighting for quite some time.

She was not wounded, but had not managed to touch her assailant either.  And 
Ryoko could not seem to shake the notion that, despite how she was faring, she 
was going to lose the battle in the end.

Carefully searching the dark battleground, she managed to pick out the outline 
of
 her adversary: a short, dark cloaked figure, the black energy sword in it's 
hand
 only visible because it was lined with a blood red aura.

One of the creatures gloved hands reached into the hood of it's cloak, and Ryoko 
detected a clicking sound.

The shadowy form melted into the blackness, and all grew silent.

"Ryoko," the voice came from behind her, Kiyone's voice!

Turning, Ryoko parried the strike as the black blade and it's small weilder 
attacked.  The figure dissapeared again.

"Ryoko." Now it was Ayeka!

Turning to her left, Ryoko swiftly but barely dodged, but was unable to launch 
any
 counter attack.

"Ryoko." Sasami's tentative voice echoed in the empty space.

This time, cyan hair flying, Ryoko countered the attack from above, but each 
blow 
was lazily swatted aside, and the spinning blade, the only thing visible, 
retreated again.

"Ryoko!" The sound of Tenchi's voice, clearly from behind her, reached Ryoko's 
ears.

Ryoko executed a blindingly fast turning thrust, from which there could be no 
possible defense.

And there was none.

Tenchi's eyes narrowed slightly as the blade entered his stomach.  His left hand 
rose, reaching for Ryoko's face. "Ryo...ko..."  Without warning he pitched over 
backward.

The sword in Ryoko's hand dissipated as she looked on in shock.  "Tenchi?  
TENCHI!" she cried as she knelt by the dead body of the boy she loved.  "No, 
no..."  She failed to notice, or perhaps failed to care, as her enemy prepared, 
unseen, to deliver the deathblow.

"Tenchi."  The word that had been in the frightened woman's perception an 
earsplitting scream was in reality little more than a whisper as Ryoko sat bolt 
upright, staring blankly off to infinity, unable to recognize her bed in the 
rafters of Tenchi's house.  A long, shuddering breath passed between her 
slightly
 parted lips.  Then, she put her face in her hands and quietly sobbed.  If she 
were to continue having these nightmares, she might break down entirely.

Looking to her right, she felt the sunshine on her tear-streaked face as if for 
the first time in thousands of years.  The blessed dawn had finally come, and 
she
 no longer had to sleep.  At least, for a while.

	So, how do you like it.  I will probably have the next episode sent in 
before this one is  read, but you should E-mail me with questions, comments, 
and/or complaints anyway.  On to episode number 2!

