By Dawns Early Light-Chapter Three


~ Disappointments ~

A/N: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or surrounding characters. Any character
whose name you don't recognize from the Tenchi Muyo series (ANY AND
ALL) belong to me and are the soul creations of my demented mind. Please
don't sue me...I haven't had the opportunity to have my head examined or
schedule for a lobotomy...because I'm poor! Thank you....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

STAGE: In last weeks chapter, we learned a little more about Ryoko and
her childhood, we also come to find out that Ryoko has a duty to fulfill and

therefore must set out on a journey that will guide her to her desire. Our
morning opens up on Ryo-Ohki, who is headed to the Deltum system
approximately 3 days from Jurai....

* * *

"Ryoko!"

A teenage Ryoko spun around, smiled and waved happily to the person who
had called her. She wrinkled her nose as the person wove their way around
the crowds of people in the mall.

Finally two teenage boys followed by a young Keiko reached the stilled
Ryoko. One quickly embraced her as the others just nodded. Ryoko stared at
them happily and then asked, "Hiroki...what are you doing here? I thought
you had some big exam to study for."

A tall Hiroki nodded lightly, his long platinum black hair hanging in his
purplish red eyes. "I finished early. I called your house, but your mom said

that you had come to the mall with Amara. So, I thought we'd come out to
see you."

Ryoko made a face. "Yeah...Amara and Hikage wanted to look for their
outfits for prom this year. I said I'd tag along just for the heck of
it...big
mistake. So...are any of you going?" Ryoko asked.

"To the prom?" The second boy asked.

Ryoko nodded as she glanced at an excited Keiko. The boy looked up and
then at Keiko. "We're going, I guess. I just don't really want my parents to

drop me off like some dork."

"Ashitaka!" Keiko scolded harshly. "You're not a dork. Would you rather
my mom take us?"

Ashitaka gulped and squeaked, "No."

Keiko frowned and the shrugged. "Ugh...whatever!" She looked at Ryoko.
"So, are you going?"

Ryoko looked away quickly. "....No." She whispered sadly.

"Well, why not? Won't your mom let you stag?" Ashitaka quizzed her.
Keiko elbowed him in the ribs making him double over with an 'oof.' She
shot him a glare and shook her finger in his face as she chided, "Uhn,
uhn...not good."

Ryoko sighed at her friends efforts. "It's not that....if I wanted to go,
all I
have to do is say when and she'd let me come. But, I find it...pointless to
go
to a prom without a date. It's silly, you know? Anyway...it's just a dumb
dance." She turned around so that they wouldn't see the hurt in her eyes.

Hiroki narrowed his eyes. "Hey...cheer up, Ryoko. It's not like it's the end
of
the world you know. There will always be other dances to go to...dances
with dates."

Ryoko smirked. "Thanks Mr. Know-it-all. I'll keep that one in mind next
year when prom rolls around and I find myself the odd woman out...again. I
refuse to be a damn wallflower at one of the schools crappy get togethers."

She wrung her plastic bag in her hand nervously. Glancing around the many
figures of people, she spotted Amara and Hikage making their way back to
where she stood. They saw the others and greeted them warmly as Ryoko
stormed off in the direction of the pet store.

While Keiko, Ashitaka, Hikage and Amara were making small chat, Hiroki
quietly slipped from the group and followed Ryoko to the other end of the
mall. He saw her duck into the pet shop and stopped to gaze inside the
windows he passed by before going in after her.

Finally catching his breath, he stepped inside and spotted her way in the
back of the store. A wriggly little puppy sat in its cage licking Ryoko's
fingers as she tried petting him. Ryoko smiled and giggled a little at the
small puppy as it wagged it's tail and gave her big brown eyes.

"Don't give me those eyes, little one. I can't take you home with me. I'm
sorry." Ryoko apologized as she stood up.

"Mom allergic to dogs?"

Ryoko cut her gaze over to see Hiroki watching her. "No."

Hiroki nodded and knelt down by the cage. "So then why wouldn't you be
able to take the puppy home?"

Ryoko stared at him. "One, not enough money. Two....I don't know."

"So...not enough money. Not a bad scenario. I'm sure mom would let you
have one, if you took care if it." Hiroki stated.

Ryoko snorted. "Maybe. Mom's a funny woman, though. You know that."
She watched for a few minutes as he played with the small ball of brown
and white fluff. "How come you don't have any animals?"

Hiroki narrowed his eyes and stood up. "My mom 'is' allergic to cats and
dogs and stuff of the sort. It's a lie...but, a good cover-up to keep Keiko
and
I from the pain of losing a loved pet."

Ryoko pursed her lips together. "Sorry. I...didn't know."

"S'alright, Ryoko." He assured as he watched her looking around. "Say,
would like to go get some ice cream with me?"

Ryoko quirked an eyebrow. She let a smile furl her lips and nodded. "I'd
like
that."

Hiroki linked his arm through hers and took her shopping bag as they
walked out of the store arm around arm.

"Hey you know, Ryoko....this Friday night is the prom....."

* * *

Ryo-Ohki was casually cruising space as Ryoko sat in her chair filing her
nails. All was silent as the two partners traveled a once known path into
the
stars. Ryoko's stomach grumbled in protest as Ryoko leaned back for a nap.
Sighing, she gave Ryo-Ohki orders to make a quick stop somewhere.

As Ryo-Ohki did a quick search for a nearby diner or colony, Ryoko sat
down and read her book. No sooner had Ryo-Ohki made a quick detour to a
close colony, did she alert Ryoko of a fast approaching ship.

Ryoko looked up. "Hmmm? A ship? Anything over the Comm system?"

Ryo-Ohki told her that they weren't hailing her. She also warned Ryoko that
the ship appeared to be from Betelgeuse and was hot on their trail.

"Hail them, Ryo-Ohki." Ryoko stated as she put her book down. The ship
established a link with the fast moving ship but received no answer. Ryoko
narrowed her eyes. 'What are they up to?' She wondered to herself as she
gripped the seat trying to figure out her next move.

"Ryo-Ohki, make no contact or threat to them. If they fire on us, do your
best to maneuver around their attacks. We don't want any trouble. If they
are
relentless, then flee into Jurai's territory. Surely they won't be stupid
enough
to follow us there." Ryoko instructed as she kept her gaze on the ship.

Ryo-Ohki miyaed her agreement and continued on her way. It wasn't until
Ryo-Ohki cried out that Ryoko realized something was wrong. But by the
time she had figured out what was going on it was too late.

A deafening blast impacted Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko was flung from her chair
onto the floor. She struck a control panel on her way down and her vision
immediately went black. There was a loud ringing in her ears as she fought
to get up. Weak and disoriented, she closed her eyes and passed out.

Ryo-Ohki woke her mistress with a concerned cry. Ryoko slowly pushed
herself to her feet and rasped, “Ryo-Ohki...fire."

The cabbit ship complied and fired a round of blasts at the assaulting
cruiser. A direct hit to the back portion of the ship, sent smoke and sparks

alike among the stars as the ship erupted into flames.

Ryoko weakly cocked her head. 'That was too easy...but, we are victorious.
Gods...my head is killing me.' Ryoko groaned. Turning to Ryo-Ohki’s
crystal form she said, "I'm going to lay down. I have a headache. Wake me
when we pass the checkpoint of Jurai."

The cabbit miyaed in return and watched Ryoko shuffle to her quarters
where the woman slid under the covers and fell fast asleep.

* * *

Sasami awoke with a start. Her face was covered in sweat, she was gasping
for air and something felt oddly out of place. Something was wrong. Taking
time to catch her breath, she crawled from her bed and hobbled over to the
window to watch the sun set over the valley.

Moments later, the door swung open as Washu rushed in. "Sasami?! What's
wrong? Are you in pain?.....What are you doing out of BED?!"

The girl smiled weakly as she looked at the scientist who loomed over her.
"You know, Washu....I think I like you in that form. It's
comforting...almost
as if my mother were here watching over me."

Washu's expression softened as she gathered the girl in her arms and sat
down on the bed, Sasami in her lap and her head against Washu's chest.
"You'll feel better by tomorrow Sasami, I promise." Washu soothed as
rubbed her back.

"It's not the sickness, Washu."

The woman looked at Sasami to see tiny tears welling up at the corners of
her pink eyes. "Then what is it, Sasami? Tell me why you cry?"

Sasami looked over Washu's shoulder at the window. "Why did she leave
us? She was the only person who spent anytime with me. If I was busy,
she'd help me and then afterwards we'd spend the rest of the day playing or
just being together."

Washu frowned. Sasami was referring to Ryoko and it hurt Washu to see
just how much of an effect it had had on the young girl. "Sasami....you're
linked to Tsunami and she knows everything. Somehow, I get the feeling
that you already know why Ryoko left...don't you?" Washu inquired.

The girl sighed. "To find something that she lost a long time ago. That's
all I
know Washu. Honestly."

Washu smirked. "It's more of a...."

"WHO." Washu said as Sasami chimed it with her. Washu stared at the girl
who shrugged.

"Ryoko told me it was a who, she was looking for and not a what. So...who
is she looking for, Washu? An old friend?" Sasami questioned.

Washu ran her hand through Sasami's damp tresses. "In a way. He's a very
dear old friend of Ryoko's. Someone....she used to....love. He moved away
back when he and Ryoko were teenagers and she hadn't heard from him
since. Her heart won't let her forget about him. That's why she had to go."

The young princess coughed lightly and then nodded. "I hope she finds him.
She seemed so sad...when she mentioned looking for him. I don't want
Ryoko to be sad, Washu. When she's sad...then it feels like the day is
completely....um, pointless." Sasami finished, her face flushed.

"Really? Do you really feel that way?" Washu wondered out loud.

Sasami nodded. "No one else will say anything, but it's how we all feel.
When Ryoko isn't happy...ain't no on happy. And when Ayeka isn't happy,
the tough get going."

Washu chuckled as she set Sasami under the covers. "Well, you just lay here
and try not to think about being sad. Ryoko doesn't want you to be sad. She
wants for you to be happy, so you just dream of the many things the two of
you are going to do together when she comes home. Alright?"

"Okay. Thanks....Washu." Sasami whispered as she drifted back to sleep.

Washu stood up and walked over to the window. Staring at the setting sun,
she absently rubbed her bare arms trying to warm them up. 'Come home,
Ryoko. We all miss you and we eagerly await your return.' Washu sighed to
herself as she closed the open window and left the room.

Washu found herself in the kitchen with a cup of warm tea that Yosho had
offered her. As the old priest sipped his tea and nibbled on a rice cracker,

Washu sat motionless in her chair, her gaze fixated on far wall.

"How is young Sasami doing this evening, Washu?" Yosho finally asked
trying to break the silence.

The woman took a deep breath. "Hurting." She replied flatly. "Hurting more
than she should have to. The rash doesn't seem to be bothering her, but
Ryoko's absence has really done a number on the poor kid. She should be
over this in the next two days and feeling better by tomorrow."

Yosho nodded as he took another sip of his tea. "I do think that Ryoko's
sudden decision has disturbed each and every one of us. As a matter of fact,

I think I saw Ayeka cleaning up...."

"OH MY GOD! LOOK AT ALL THIS DUST!" Ayeka's shriek drifted to
the two at the kitchen table.

Yosho picked up where he left off. "....Ryoko's room. She's trying to tidy
it,
put a few of the breakable things away...that sort of thing. Ayeka wanted to

make sure that nothing happened to Ryoko's valuables and all."

Washu quirked an eyebrow. "She had better hope to Tsunami that 'she'
doesn't break anything in the process."

As if on cue, there was a loud gasp and then the sound of glass breaking
upstairs. "OH....SHIT!" Ayeka's obscenity fell on Washu's ears as she paled.

Moments later, Ayeka came running down the steps with a broken statue in
her hands.

"Oh, Miss. Washu.....I think I may have had a boo-boo." Ayeka exclaimed
as she sat the resin pieces on the table in front of her. Washu saw the
pieces
and felt sick to her stomach.

"AYEKA! THAT WAS THE MUSIC BOX I GAVE RYOKO FOR HER
10th BIRTHDAY! MY HUSBAND GAVE ME THAT....AND I GAVE IT
TO HER!" Washu shouted as her face was ashen and clammy.

Ayeka recoiled. "Miss. Washu....please settle down. Surely we can fix this.
I
mean with your genius intellect and numerous inventions....." Ayeka trailed
off as she saw Washu's face. ".....There has to be something WE can DO!"

"WE?!" Washu questioned rashly. "Oh little princess....there was no WE in
the breaking of this heirloom!"

Ayeka sighed and hung her head. "Yes. Well, I am very sorry. But, you see,
I found this picture on the floor in her room. When I picked it up, I was so

stunned to see a photo such as this one in her room. But...I don't recognize

the victim of this disgusting and illegal joke."

Ayeka handed Washu the picture who studied it for a moment before Ayeka
leaned over her shoulder and asked, "Who's this hussy anyway?"

Washu turned red. "THAT'S NO HUSSY! THAT'S......RYOKO.....?!?
WITHOUT HER SWIM SUIT TOP ON?!?" Washu cried as her eyes fell
upon the picture of Ryoko that was taken after she had lost her top at the
pool party all those years ago.

Ayeka saw Yosho blush and she tried her best to keep her laughter in.
Washu was practically hyperventilating at the photograph as she stormed
out of the room and into her lab, the picture crumpled in her clenched fist.

* * *

Ryoko woke up in a cold sweat and took in her surroundings. 'Ryo-Ohki.'
She remembered as she drug herself from the bed in her quarters of the ship.

Shuffling down the hall, Ryoko found her way to the bridge of the cruiser.
Blinking her eyes to clear her vision, she sat down in the command chair.

"Ryo-Ohki? What's our ETA?" Ryoko asked tiredly.

'Miya?'

Ryoko frowned. "ETA. You know, Estimated Time arrival?"

Ryo-Ohki hesitated.

"Ryo-Ohki, how much longer until we reach Aldebaron?"

'Miya-mi-miya.'

"What?! Do you mean to tell me that you let me sleep for three DAYS?!"
Ryoko asked baffled.

'Miya.'

Ryoko hung her head. "Prepare to dock, then. Make sure you keep a low
profile, 'kay?"

'Miya.'

Ryoko phased into a pair of white denim jeans and a blue halter top.
Running her fingers through her hair, she teleported off the ship and waited

for Ryo-Ohki to morph back into her cabbit form. Once they were ready,
Ryoko hoisted the cabbit up on her shoulder and headed into town.

Ryoko took her time walking down the streets as her golden eyes took in all
the sights. Reaching up and scratching Ryo-Ohki's chin, Ryoko asked, "Sure
brings back alot of memories, don't it?" She sighed and added, "But it sure
has changed alot..."

Ryo-Ohki agreed with her mistress as they continued on their way. Ryoko
smirked. "Kind of hard to believe that this was the place I was born and
raised. It seems so much different than I remember it. I bet mom would have
a coronary if she were to come back and see all the changes."

Ryo-Ohki agreed once more with Ryoko and then added, "Miyaa? Meow,
Miya.'

"You're hungry?" Ryoko asked in surprise. She was about to protest when
her stomach beat her to it. "Oh, alright. Let's find someplace quick and
then
be on our way."

The cabbit nodded from her perch as Ryoko scouted out a small bar called
'Aka-Pel'la's.' Ryoko took a closer look and realized that it used to be the
old
arcade that she and Keiko had made into their hangout during their first
year
of middle school. It wasn't long before every kid in their class hung out
there.

'Even Hiroki hung out there with us.' Ryoko thought sadly as she entered the

small building.

The place was quite clean except for a few bottles here and there and the
occasional drunken bum at the end of the counter. Ryoko sighed and took a
seat at a table in the far corner of the place so that she wouldn't draw any

unwanted attention.

A young girl no older than 15 came from a back room and took Ryoko's
order. Ryoko sized her up and down and frowned. After she ordered, Ryoko
kept her sharp eyes on the girl as she hustled about taking orders and all
the
crap from the drunks in the place.

The girl finally returned and set down a bottle and a plate of sushi along
with a carrot. Ryoko thanked her and watched the her hurry to fill another
round of beers for a table of pigs near the door. Ryo-Ohki was happily
munching away on the carrot oblivious of her mistress's concern for the
young girl.

Ryoko deftly picked up her chopsticks and dunked a piece of sushi into a
bowl of Wasabi. Narrowing her eyes at the table of drunk men, she absently
swallowed the whole piece of sushi and extended her arm for another.

Ryo-Ohki drew Ryoko's attention about something and Ryoko forgot about
her previous task until she heard an angry shout from the girl. "GET YOUR
FILTHY HANDS OFF OF ME, PIG!"

Ryoko cut her glance sideways as she saw one man grab the waitress and
pull her into his lap. She struggled against him which resulted in the man
slapping her hard as he held her down.

Ryoko kicked her chair out from her feet and rushed to the table. Yanking
the man's hand away from the girl's shirt, she delivered a swift punch to
his
nose as the girl scrambled out of his grasp. Three other burly men jumped at

Ryoko who just phased from their tackle.

Ryoko appeared behind one man and landed a roundhouse kick to his lower
back making him jerk forward into the table, which collapsed under his
weight. A second man rushed Ryoko but she dodged him in time to have the
third guy come at her.

Sidestepping him and grabbing his arm, she spun a full circle and released
the man into the first guy who had attacked Ryoko. Both men collided, the
first toppling back and the second catching his balance. Ryoko felt grubby
arms encircle her shoulders and chest.

Reacting quickly, she swung her hand into the man's thigh, his grip
loosening enough where Ryoko could freely turn and bring the heel of her
right foot down on his toes. The guy reeled back as Ryoko jabbed her elbow
up high allowing it to connect with his nose. The guy fell backwards for the

count.

Ryoko spun around as the last guy made an attempt to take her out. She
ducked and elbowed him in the groin. As he doubled over in pain, Ryoko
delivered a double kick to his side, sending him into the wall. Ryoko heard
a grunt behind her and turned in time to see the leader.

His nose was bloodied and out of line. Ryoko glared at him as he stood
there. "You bitch!" He seethed as he circled.

Ryoko cracked her knuckles. "Oh, buddy....you have no idea who you've
just messed with."

The man snorted as he charged her. Ryoko stepped back but tripped over
one of the other guys giving the leader an opening at her. She felt herself
being pushed back as the guy slammed her into the wall. Ryoko's head
lolled forward at the impact. The man stepped back with confidence.

Ryoko suddenly snapped her head up, her eyes narrowed slits of pure hatred
as she absently unleashed a weak energy blast into the guy's chest. He
skidded a few feet back, his beer belly slowing his pace. Ryoko stormed
over to him and grabbed the collar of his shirt, his head raising off the
floor.

She pulled her arm back, her hand balled into a fist ready to pummel the
man into yesterday. Ryoko hesitated before bringing her arm down in the
blink of the man's eye. Inches from his face, Ryoko's arm jerked to a stop
as
someone pulled her away from the knocked out man.

Ryoko spun around expecting to see another of the guy's men trying to take
her on. Instead she came face to face with the chief of the Police Force of
Aldebaron. Ryoko stumbled back at the stern glare in the man's eyes.

"Mind explaining all of this, miss?" He asked firmly.

Ryoko glared back at him. "....No."

The man looked surprised as he stepped closer to her. "You do realize that
you're in violation of our codes, do you not?"

"I know what your codes are. I'm under no violation..." Ryoko retorted.

The man quirked an eyebrow. "And how do you gather that? You just waltz
in here like some hotshot, start a bar brawl, beat the shit of Aldebaron's
heavyweight champion, and claim that you're under no violation?"

The man looked at her. "Not to mention all the damage done here. And
you're not even a local citizen, are you?"

Ryoko shrank in size but remained pensive. "I think you need to brush up on
your deputy manual, officer. The code of Aldebaron says, quote 'Any man,
citizen or not, shall not be criticized for any self-defense behavior. Nor,
will
any comrade be placed in a state of helplessness.' Does it not?"

The man frowned. "No..."

"Oh...I suggest that you check on that, sir. That manual hasn't changed or
been revised for the past 5,000 years. Admit it, you can't hold a violation
charge against me for self-defense of a helpless innocent." Ryoko
challenged.

The man bowed up on her and Ryoko mimicked him. 'Like I said,' Ryoko
thought. 'I love a challenge.' She grinned at him. "So....are you going to
go
against the codes and arrest me or are you just going to walk away?"

The man sighed. "I won't walk away...but, I haven't the authority to take
you
in. You may not be a citizen here, but we still uphold the law. I'm going to

have to ask you to leave Aldebaron."

Ryoko scoffed him. "I won't leave. You don't have the authority to make me
leave either....read your 'Code of Honor' big boy. You're hunting big game
now, buster....don't push your luck."

The man growled at her. "Okay, let's go. Either leave quietly or I'll have
to
take you in for disturbing the peace."

"DISTURBING THE PEACE?!" Ryoko asked incredulously. "You've got to
be kidding me!"

He shook his head. "No ma'am I'm not. You started a fight inside a business,

damaged the property and refused an order of an officer. Please don't make
this any more difficult than it already is."

Ryoko groaned. "Let me tell you something, El Kabong....I may not be a
citizen of Aldebaron now, but I'll be damned if I'm going to standby like
some dumbass wallflower and let grungy pigs like him degrade a helpless
and innocent girl!" Ryoko shouted, her face red with anger.

The man stepped back. His eyes narrowed and then widened as Ryoko's
words sunk in. 'I won't stand by like some dumbass wallflower...I refuse to
be a damn wallflower!' The officer stared at her and gave her a once over.
His eyes suddenly widened with recognition.

Ryoko knelt to help the girl to her feet as the officer gasped.
"Ry...Ryoko?"

Ryoko turned around as he asked, "Ryoko...Hakubi?!"

Ryoko tilted her head. "How do you know my name?" She asked flatly as
she produced an energy sword under his chin.

"Ryoko....it's me! Hikage!"

Ryoko glared at him before his name dawned on her. Extinguishing her
sword she cried, "HIKAGE!" Ryoko embraced him as he returned the
gesture.

He pulled back and stared at her. "God, you're a sight for sore eyes! How
did you get here? Why are you here?....And what the HELL happened to
you?!" Hikage demanded.

"Slow down...." Ryoko answered as she turned back to the girl. "You
okay?" She asked as she checked the girl over. She nodded. "Good. Tell
your boss that I'll pay for any damages I've done by this..."

The girl nodded and scurried into the back room. Ryoko faced Hikage. She
shook her head and looked him over. His brown hair was pulled back into a
ponytail and his gray-blue eyes were smaller than what she remembered. He
was tall, muscular and toned down. All in all, easy on the eyes.

"Hikage....It's so good to see you." Ryoko told him as they sat down at a
table.

Hikage nodded in return. "The feeling is mutual. Where have you been?
You and Professor Washu just vanished as if you never existed. What
happened?"

Ryoko hung her head. As she was about to answer, someone tapped her on
the shoulder. Ryoko looked up to see an elderly gentlemen standing beside
her the young waitress close behind. "This the one, Cal?" The man asked.

"Yes, grandfather. She's the one who did it?" The girl replied calmly.

The old man nodded at Ryoko and then turned to Hikage. "Chief Tomoe. I
see that you have acquired.....good company." Hikage nodded. The man
looked at Ryoko. "I want to thank you for saving my grand-daughter. Don't
worry about the damage expenses. This place is closing anyway."

Ryoko frowned. "I'm sorry to hear that...."

"Yes. All the teenage kids that hung out here will be greatly disappointed.
Now won't you two feel the same way?" The man asked.

Ryoko looked at him. "How did you know that I used this a hang out?"

The old man chuckled. "Everyone still alive on Aldebaron remembers the
Great Ryoko Hakubi. You were a special girl...your mom was a piece of
work herself. Proud of you, she was. So we were we. Our home is falling
apart....we're losing our heritage. We must preserve what's left."

Ryoko sighed. "Yes, we should. I'm sorry about all this."

"Do not apologize. The great Hakubi girls never apologized, for they were
never wrong." The man pointed out.

Ryoko stood up then. "Don't you know who I am?! I've made many of
mistakes in my lifetime....so has my mother! I'm a....murderer. I've killed
hundreds of innocent children like your grand-daughter in my days. Don't
put me on display for your nostalgic. Please....don't view me as that way."

The man quirked an eyebrow. "Even Aldebaron isn't afraid of their very
own 'Space Pirate Ryoko.' You're one of us....we stick together even if one
of our own has turned against us. We don't care because....here, on
Aldebaron..... we're all family."

Ryoko smiled weakly. "Yeah, I know. I appreciate that...alot. Thank you."

The man nodded and led his grand-daughter back into the store room.
Ryoko sat back down and avoided Hikage's gaze.

"You know....that's what makes you so famous. Your ability to admit to
your wrong doings and to stand and accept your fate from your mistakes.
You don't run like most people do." Hikage explained. "How have you been,
Ryoko? What are you doing now? Are you....the last?"

".....No. She still lives. I've added to my family, though. After living for
so
long without family, love or friends....I have it all now. And that's
everything I need." Ryoko told him sadly.

He nodded. "I see. Care to talk about it?"

"All I'll tell you is that...these past 2,000 years have been nothing but
hell
for me, Hikage. But....there have been good times." Ryoko commented. She
glanced over at Hikage to see an expression of confusement on his face.
Sighing, Ryoko began to tell him about her past....

When she was through, she could see the pain and anger in his eyes. "So, for

all those years....that bastard!" Hikage growled as he slammed a fist onto
the
table. "Everyone here thought the worst. You two were just gone, we
searched for 3 months and then one night, your house just exploded."

Hikage paused as he saw Ryoko flinch. "It was awful, Ryoko. We tried
putting it out, but it was too late to save anything. I'm sorry."

"I know. I was there. Trying to preserve what little slice of life I had
after
Kagato's raid." Ryoko whispered. "But, I'm free now....thanks to Yosho and
Tenchi."

"Tenchi? Was that your sovereign’s name?"

"Is, Hikage. He's still alive, on Earth. With the others. But, I
realized...I
don't love him like I thought I did. And that I...." Ryoko trailed off.

"You still love Hiroki.....don't you?" Hikage asked sweetly.


Ryoko looked away. Taking a deep breath, she quickly changed the subject
on him...something she wasn't known to do when she was younger. "So,
how have you been? Any of the gang still left...or is it just you?" Ryoko
asked hurriedly.

Hikage tilted his head at her sudden change but let it slide. "Actually, a
few
of us hooligans are still around. I see them often because half the time
it's
their kids I'm busting....just for kicks. Ashitaka's mainly."

"Ashitaka's still here?" Ryoko inquired. "Wow. I thought for sure that he
would have high tailed it to Deneb by now. What made him stick around?"

Hikage smiled. "Wouldn't you like to know...And then of course there's
Amara, Isomou and what was that nerdy chick's name in the 5th grade. The
one with long purple hair and big frog glasses....she sat in the front of
the
class and you were the only one who didn't tease her. Saty...or Sauchy.."

"Sasuka, dumbass. She was a nice girl. Very smart and fun to be with."
Ryoko explained. "She's still here, too?"

Hikage nodded. "Oh yeah.....wife of the mayor now. She really evolved after
you disappeared. I mean she really changed. She was a model there for a
while....and then she got married and had a little girl. Named her....Ryeko,
I
believe. She said it was in honor of her best friend....you."

Ryoko jumped back. "ME?! She barely even knew me."

"But you did so much for that girl. Because you hung out with her in grade,
she went on to be one of the populars in middle and high school. Even beat
old 'Great Plains of Aldebaron' Salina in the Beauty pageant for the high
school prom. And all because of you..." Hikage insisted.

Ryoko shook her head and leaned back. "So, what's Amara up to?"

Hikage grinned. "Glad you asked. I was on my way to see her when I saw
the fight in here. Come on, she'll be ecstatic to see you again after so
long.
For a while there, people believed you were dead, that....oh never mind.
Hurry up." Hikage turned to the store and shouted, "See you later, Atoiu."

The old man smiled and waved to them as they left the bar.

* * *

"Where do you think she went?"

Opening her eyes, Washu saw Tenchi sitting beside her at the table.

"Washu?"

Washu sighed to herself. "It doesn't matter, Tenchi. She went back to her
past....that's all you need to know."

She got up and left the kitchen. Tenchi heard the front door open and close
as the scientist headed outside.

* * *

Hikage led Ryoko up a flagstone walkway to a rather large house in a nice
neighborhood.

"Amara....lives here?" Ryoko squeaked.

Hikage nodded.

Ryoko shook her head. The girl who used to come to school in hand me
downs, had turned her rags into riches. Ryoko was, needless to say,
impressed.

Hikage unlocked the front door and led a confused Ryoko inside. "Amara!
I'm home."

"DADDY!" Two young children came running into the room, both latching
onto Hikage's legs.

"Hey you two...how's daddy's little angels?" Hikage asked as he picked
them both up.

Ryoko tilted her head at the children. Both were girls no older than three.
One girl had shoulder length brown hair and piercing green eyes. The other,
whose resemblance to the first was close, had her teal hair pulled up into a

ponytail as she narrowed her steel blue eyes at Ryoko.

Hikage followed his daughter's gaze and smiled at the rosy cheeked girls.
"Hey....where's your mother?" He asked as he set both of them back down.

"I'm right here." A young woman answered as she walked between the two
girls. "Watch it....pregnant woman coming through." She chimed as she
kissed Hikage softly.

Her long teal hair was tied back over her shoulders and her green eyes were
soft and gentle, her betrayer of her years. Ryoko smiled to herself as she
took in the sight of the once young, energetic Amara. Now, a loving, mature
mother and wife.

Amara's eyes shifted over Hikage as her husband told her, "We have
company."

Amara's face paled as she stepped back. Looking between her husband and
Ryoko, she began to cry. Ryoko felt her stomach tie in knots as the woman
moved closer to her and gave her hug. Ryoko returned the warm embrace
eagerly and then pulled back to see Amara smiling.

"I can't believe it." She whispered as she hugged Ryoko again.

Ryoko smirked. "Nor I....It's been a long time."

"God...I'll say! But what's a couple thousand years when you can easily live

5?" Amara asked trying to lighten the room.

Ryoko frowned. "A couple thousand years....is alot when you can live the
rest of your life while those around you die.....And they aren't a couple
thousand years I care to relive."

Amara's face screwed up in puzzlement as she looked at who Hikage who
just shook his head no. She smiled her understanding and then asked, "What
have you been up too? Settled down, raised kids, have a great career? Come
on tell me.....I'll tell you what I did."

Ryoko chuckled and pointed at Amara's belly. "I don't what to hear the
details on how your little miracle was made, thank you."

Amara blushed as Hikage teased, "I'm sure that that's self-explanatory,
Ryoko."

Ryoko held her hand up and stepped back, "Hold it....way too much
information there." She finally knelt in front of the two girls. "And what
are
your names?" She asked sweetly.

The girl with brown hair cautiously tilted her head at her mother who
nodded and with a smile the girl said, "Ariana. What's your name?"

Ryoko grinned. "It's nice to meet you, Ariana. I'm Ryoko."

The girl gave a small bow. "That's a pretty name."

Ryoko thanked her and ruffled her hair which in turn made the girl squeal
with delight, "Well...I think Ariana is a beautiful name. It suits a cute
girl
such as yourself." She looked at the other girl who was less than exuberant
to see her. Ryoko cocked her head.

The girl finally sighed and said, "Marin."

Ryoko nodded and stood up. She could tell when someone wanted to be left
alone and Marin was clearly one of those people.

Ryoko turned back to Hikage and Amara. "Cute kids. They look so much
like the two of you."

"They're twins." Amara explained. "Our fourth and fifth actually and
number six is on the way." She pointed to her belly.

"SIX KIDS?! GOD ARE YOU TWO LIKE HOR...." Ryoko stopped and
looked over her shoulder and then faced her friends. "You two are worse
than rabbits....Sheesh. So where are results 1 through 4?" She asked
teasingly.

"Grown. Two married and have kids of their own. One is an imperial guard
for Jurai and our youngest, Kakiry...well, she's a professor at the Science
Academy." Hikage announced proudly.

"I see. Big dreams." Ryoko told them as she looked around. "This is a nice
place you have here. Are all the others doing as well as you two?"

Amara led the others into the living room. "In a way, yes. But only a few of

us are still around. Many members of our gang headed to Jurai or Deneb. A
select few decided to try out their lives here. No regrets." Amara explained

as she sat down.

Ryoko sat beside her and was stunned to see Ariana climb into her lap while
Marin squeezed her small form into the recliner with her father.

"You don't look like the Space Pirate Ryoko. How come?" Marin asked
rather curtly.

"MARIN!" Amara and Hikage both scolded as the girl crossed her arms.

Ryoko gathered Ariana's hair and drew it back behind her. "Because....I've
changed. I have a family now who loves me and who has shown me, that
who I used to be, isn't who I am now. Can you understand that?" Ryoko
asked.

Marin pursed her lips together. "Yeah. I understand." She replied with a
hint
of pity.

Ryoko deftly hugged Ariana as she whispered, "I can't stay for long. I only
stopped so that Ryo-Ohki could rest. I need to be going soon."

"You can't!" Marin protested. "Won't you stay for dinner?"

Ryoko sighed as she stared at Hikage and Amara who both nodded with
agreement. "I'd love to sweetie....but, I'm on a mission that I can't put
off.
I'm sorry." Royko apologized. When she saw both girls frown Ryoko added,
"But I'll come back to see you. How's that?"

Ariana nodded eagerly but Marin refused to acknowledge the offer. Ryoko
wrinkled her nose. "Maybe, once I find what I'm looking for....I'll come
back and I'll take you, Ariana, your mommy and daddy back to Earth with
me for a visit. Would you like that?" She questioned hopefully.

Both girls nodded and Ryoko set Ariana on the cushion next to her. "Great.
Then it's settled. We'll tie your mommy and daddy up and drag them along
with us for the fun. Deal?" Ryoko held her hand out and both Ariana and
Marin placed their hands on top of Ryoko's. "Deal." They both agreed.

Ryoko stood up. "I'm sorry my visit was so short, but I really must be on my

way. Thank you for the offer of dinner, the information and it was great
seeing you two again. But, we'll see each other again, promise." Ryoko
hugged Amara and then Hikage.

As Ryoko turned to go, Hikage stopped her. "You won't find him here,
Ryoko."

Ryoko's face fell as she nodded slowly.

"His last visit was about two years ago. He's been coming back for about 15
years now for vacation. I see him every time he comes in and we all go out
or something. But, he's changed Ryoko. He's not the same man you once
knew. Please, forget about him and go back to your Tenchi." Hikage
pleaded.

Ryoko closed her eyes and shook her head. "I can't. I have to see him, even
if for just a moment."

Hikage relented. "Very well then. If you are so adamant about finding him,
then maybe it'll help for you to know that he lives on Vega. It's a week
from
here, four and half days the least. You'd make good time if you took the
Chimern Vortex located about 2 light years east of here."

Ryoko gave him a smile and kissed his cheek. "Thanks Hikage. I always
knew that I could count on you to give me the answers I needed." She
turned to Amara. "When I pass back through, I'll give you a way to contact
me once I return home. I want to know when the baby's born, okay?"

Amara nodded as Ryoko set Ryo-Ohki on her shoulder. Stopping to ruffle
the twin's hair again, Ryoko vanished from the living room.

"Wow...she really is the Space Pirate Ryoko." Marin whispered. Turning to
her parents the girl said, "I gonna be a Space Pirate just like Ryoko when I

grow up!"

* * *

"Washu, please."

The woman tilted her head up. "....No. For the past five days you have asked

me the same question. And for the past five days, I give you the same
answer." Washu retorted hotly. "Now, please just drop the subject Tenchi."

Tenchi crossed his arms. "Washu...it isn't like I'm asking you to play a
game
or to go shopping. This is Ryoko we're talking about. We're all worried
about her, so why won't you tell us where she is?"

Washu closed her eyes. "Because it's not my place nor is it yours. If this
is
what Ryoko wants, then this is what Ryoko gets. I reserve the right to keep
silent about my daughter's decisions. So please, stop asking me because I
won't tell you where she is."

She shut her laptop and rose to her feet. Shielding her eyes from the sun,
she
turned and stormed up the porch steps. Slamming the front door behind her,
Tenchi sighed his defeat as Ayeka came out of hiding from the bushes.

"Anything?" She asked worriedly.

Tenchi ran his hands through his hair. "Nothing. She's being so damn
stubborn...."

"Just like Ryoko." Ayeka chimed as she sat beside him. "Lord Tenchi...I,
fear that I may know the reason why Ryoko has left us. But, I do not feel
that it is my place to....share. Ryoko entrusted me with her secret....and,
well
as a friend I must cherish the fact that she told me out of sadness and
trust."

Tenchi nodded. "I understand Ayeka. But, what I don't understand is why
Washu won't tell us why she left. All she tells me is that it has something
to
do with Ryoko's past...."

"I'm afraid that her answer is very much to the fact, true." Ayeka responded

as she placed a hand on his arm. "Ryoko is set in her ways as is Washu and
nothing we can say or do will make them change the way they live. As long
as Ryoko's out there searching, Washu will never tell."

Tenchi looked at her. "You're probably right, Ayeka. But it still seems
unfair that Sasami and you both know what's going on. I wouldn't put it past

grandpa knowing and you know that Mihoshi will somehow figure out a
way to find out as well. Am I the only who doesn't know what's
happening?"

Ayeka cleared her throat. "I wouldn't exactly....say that, Lord Tenchi." She

stood up and moved to the front door. Before she closed it she added, "The
whole population of Japan hasn't a clue either...."

Tenchi turned to see that she had already closed the door. "Women and their
cryptic answers." He muttered as he ambled up to the shrine for his
training.

* * *

"Ryoko, we need to talk."

Ryoko shut her bedroom door and crossed the room to her bed. She sat
down beside the person and took their hand.

"About what?" Ryoko asked softly. Her soft golden eyes darted back and
forth as she waited for an answer.

"I...I love you, Ryoko. You know that. But...what would happen if I were to
ever leave? We wouldn't be able to get a long distance relationship going."

Ryoko turned white as she faced the person next to her. Shaking her head in
denial she asked, "This is some kind of joke, right?" The person didn't
answer. "Hiroki....please tell me that it isn't true." Ryoko pleaded as she
tightened her grip on his hands.

Hiroki winced from the pressure but said nothing to Ryoko about it. He
hung his head. "Mom received an e-mail last night announcing that her
application for a professor over at Beta Cruicis had been accepted." Hiroki
paused. "We leave next Tuesday."

Ryoko felt her heart shatter as her lungs released what little air she had.
"You can't....Hiroki, can't you do something about it?"

"....I already tried. Ryoko you know that if I had a choice, I'd stay here
with
you forever. You know I would. Keiko and I have both tried talking mom
out of it, but it's not doing any good." Hiroki commented flatly.

Ryoko stared at him. "Well, what if I get mom to talk to her..? Surely she
can change your mom's mind, right?" There was silence. "Right..?" Ryoko
asked again.

Hiroki shook his head no. "She's tried....I'm sorry, but there's no way out
of
it. We're moving and from the sounds of it, for good. This isn't a temporary

job...It's been her dream ever since she met dad to be a science professor
like Washu....now is her chance." Hiroki trailed off.

Shifting nervously he whispered, "I don't want to be the one to blow it for
her. You would do the same thing for your mother if you were in my
situation. Wouldn't you?"

Ryoko fought back tears. "I would...but, not without a fight first. My
mother
cares about my feelings Hiroki....she's not heartless when it comes to her
child. You know why?" She asked, her voice becoming loud. "Because my
mother puts my well-being before hers!"

Hiroki glared at her as he stood up. "That's not fair, Ryoko. Unlike your
mother, my mom has two children to care for. Another difference between
our mothers is...my mother didn't create us to be some....sleazy droid!"

Ryoko's eyes opened wide with fear. Reacting quickly, she rewarded him
with a swift slap to his left cheek. "HOW DARE YOU?!" Ryoko screamed
angrily, the tears no longer being held back.

She and Hiroki exchanged glares, both unaware of the fact that Washu was
standing in the doorway watching everything, her green eyes hardened with
anger and hate at Hiroki's words.

"ME?!" Hiroki asked incredulously. "LET'S NOT START ON ME,
RYOKO! YOU HAD NO RIGHT SAYING THOSE THINGS ABOUT MY
MOTHER...."

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "I DO IF IT'S TRUE! YOUR MOTHER HAS
NEVER LIKED ME! SHE'S HASN'T LIKED ME SINCE WE STARTED
DATING! ADMIT IT HIROKI...SHE THINKS OF ME AS A TRAMP!"

From the doorway, Washu's face knitted in a knot. Had Mari always thought
of Ryoko that way? The scientist wasn't sure but before she could turn to
find out she heard the coldest words ever escaped Hiroki's lips.

"If the shoe FITS....wear IT!"

Ryoko dropped back. "You don't mean that...?" She asked in a apologetic
tone.

Hiroki snatched his jacket from the bed post. "Like hell I don't! Let me
tell
you something, Ryoko Hakubi....what I once felt for you was just my mind
playing tricks on me. I let myself be fooled into thinking that a machine
could love me in return."

Ryoko had had enough. Pointing to the door, she growled, "And I am an
even greater fool by allowing myself to think that an arrogant, pompous liar

like yourself even knew how to love!" In a menacing voice that could freeze
hell over she said, "Get out!"

Washu had backed down the hall out of view as Hiroki stormed from the
room, slamming the door behind him. From the corner of his eye, he spotted
Washu watching him intently. Sighing heavily, he mouthed, "I'm sorry" and
quickly left the house.

Washu pressed her ear against Ryoyo’s door and lightly knocked on it.
"Ryoko."

"GO AWAY!" Ryoko's muffled shout greeted her.

Taking a deep breath, Washu opened the door and stepped inside the war
zone to find Ryoko crumpled on the bed crying, a picture frame was
clutched closely to her chest as her tears stained the wood.

"Ryoko...?" Washu tried again only to have Ryoko ignore her.

Finally getting the courage to confront her daughter in her time of need,
Washu sat beside her and pulled Ryoko into her arms. Ryoko wrapped her
right arm around Washu's neck as she wept, the picture frame held firmly to
her heart.

Outside a bolt of lightning lit up the night sky as a loud clap of thunder
complimented the light show.

* * *

Ryoko sat up in her bed, her bangs hanging limply to her forehead.
Brushing her damp hair back, Ryoko slid from the bed and raced to the
bathroom where she left that nights dinner in the toilet.

Washing her face with a cold clothe, Ryoko made her way back to her room
onboard the ship. "Stupid cook....I wonder if someone told her that well
done doesn't mean raw." She grumbled as she slid back under the covers.

Curling up in a ball, Ryoko fought to hold her own. The late night dinner
that she and Ryo-Ohki had stopped to eat, at an isolated bar outside of
Deneb had proved to be another score tallying up on Ryoko's list of regrets.

Now she laid in a fetal position, unwanting to move unless she absolutely
had to visit her friend John again that night. Ryo-Ohki had checked in on
her from time to time as Ryoko had struggled to sleep most of it off.
However, it wasn't going as planned.

For the past two days, she had been in bed with food poisoning from the raw
chicken curry she had eaten at that diner. Ryoko rocked back and forth as
tears welled in her eyes from the pain of her stomach cramping up.

Closing her eyes, she remembered an old remedy Washu used to do
whenever she had a stomach ache as a child. Something Washu had called
Magic Fingers and ironically enough, it had always seemed to do the trick.
Ryoko could imagine Washu's fingers tenderly rubbing her upset stomach.

She had tried many times to imitate Washu's touch but had failed at every
try. She finally gave up by saying, "Must be a mother's touch," rolled over
and quickly dashed back to the bathroom.

"This is getting ridiculous." Ryoko told herself as she shuffled back to her

bed tiredly. Laying down and holding her ratty baby blanket close to her for

security and comfort, Ryoko whined as she drifted off into sleep, "I want my

mommy."

* * *

Washu had been sitting on one of Funaho's branches when she suddenly felt
a tug at her heart and a whisper on the wind. In her mind, the voice
repeated
itself. 'I want my mommy.'

'Ryoko.' Washu thought as she wrinkled her brow in concentration.
Hopefully, Ryoko had left her link open so that Washu could get a hold of
her to make sure she was alright.

As Washu opened her end of the link, a wave of nausea and pain
overwhelmed her causing her to fall backwards out of the tree. Rubbing her
throbbing bottom, she reached out to Ryoko again.

'Ryoko...?'

There was silence and then, 'Mo...mom?'

Washu was a tad bit relieved as she sat on her knees, her eyes fixated on
the
setting sun over the lake. 'Ryoko...what's wrong? Why are you broadcasting
your thoughts over the link?'

'I was...? Sor....sorry, I didn't know.' Ryoko answered weakly.

Washu became worried. 'What's the matter? You sound...sick.'

There was a mental groan as Ryoko replied, 'That's because I am. Damn
diner doesn't know how to cook chicken properly.' She paused as she felt
like she was going to be sick again, but sighed as she was able to hold it
down. 'I feel like I'm dying....I've never want to go through this again.'

Washu frowned. 'Chicken?...What diner did you go to?'

'Uh, some place called...Rudy T's. Why?'

'Oh Ryoko....I thought you knew better than to go there. That place is
unsanitary with their food and other utilities. They never have cooked
chicken properly.' Washu said sympathetically.

Ryoko groaned again. 'Tell me about it...'

'I know how you feel. I once ate there with some colleagues of mine, and it
wasn't a very pretty sight afterwards.' Washu revealed with a hint of
sarcasm. 'Do you want me to come sit with you?'

'How? I'm about a day away from Vega..'

'VEGA?!' Washu asked suddenly. 'What in the hell are you doing going way
out there?'

Ryoko sighed. 'I went back to Aldebaron....everything's changed, mom.
Hikage and Amara are still there. They're married and have five kids with
their sixth on the way. Ashitaka is still there too. He's got two kids I
think,
but I didn't get to see him that trip.'

'But why Vega, Ryoko? There's nothing but trouble on that planet. Please,
forget about going that way...that place is crammed with thousands of
bounty hunters...' Washu begged.

'I know....but I have to go there. He's there. Hikage said that for the past
15
years he's been vacationing to Aldebaron and that I'd find him in the
business district of Vega. I have to go, mom.' Ryoko argued.

Washu hesitated. 'I wish you wouldn't go alone. I could....reconnect the
portal in my lab to Ryo-Ohki and be there in...'

'No. Thanks anyway. I should be fine by the time I hit Larsus. Vega's just
on
the other side of the colony. If I'm still feeling like crap, I'll let you
know.'
Ryoko whispered as she closed her link with Washu.

Washu sat back. 'Ryoko....please be careful, for your sake and for his.'

* * *

Ryoko groggily rubbed her eyes as she focused her vision. 'Where...am I?'

'We're just outside of Vega, Ryoko.' Ryo-Ohki answered through the link.

Ryoko closed her eyes. 'Vega, huh?' She rose to her feet and made her way
to the bridge of the ship. Sitting down, she picked up her book and leafed
through it.

A few lights blinked on the control panel as Ryo-Ohki said, 'Ryoko? We
have an incoming call from a neighboring ship. Do I answer it?'

Ryoko shifted her eyes upward. "Go ahead." The vid-window blipped on
and Ryoko stated, "How can I help you?"

"Space Pirate Ryoko."

Ryoko frowned. "Ex...space pirate. My warrant was expelled 4 months ago.
What do you want?"

There was no face of the speaker. Just a deep voice. "We the protectors of
Vega can't allow you to enter our colony. Please prepare for boarding
agents."

Ryoko stiffened. "Listen here, pal. You can't board my ship without my
permission and I clearly haven't granted it. Now I don't know what you and
your merry men are thinking, but you sure as hell have no right to board my
ship." She looked at Ryo-Ohki. "Cancel call."

The screen blanked out as Ryo-Ohki warned, 'Incoming shots.'

"Basic maneuver." Ryoko ordered.

Ryo-Ohki rolled sideways only to jerk to a quick stop. Ryoko's head
snapped up. "WHAT THE HE..." Was all she said before a volt of electrical
current ripped through the ship.