By Dawns Early Light-Chapter Two



~ Letting Go ~



A/N: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or surrounding characters....AIC and

Pioneer do, so please don't sue me! I also don't own 'Letting Go'. However,

'Life Goes On' does. Nor do I own the Franklin Mint catalogue, I am not

Stephen King and I have nothing to do with Gone With the Wind. There

orignals creaters do. Sheesh! Only thing that belongs to me is the idea,
some

characters and the story plot. That should cover the disclaimers....now, on
to

the story...

STAGE: Our story opens on the morning after Tenchi's confession. It's a

warm summer day, the flowers are in bloom, a light breeze is greeting the

dawn and everyone is just waking up for breakfast....

* * *

"RYOKO!" Sasami's voice echoed off the walls and up the stairs to the

lightly dozing woman. "BREAKFAST IS READY! HURRY WHILE IT'S

HOT!"

Tenchi cringed at the girl's decibals but resumed his eating while shaking

his head. Ayeka rolled her eyes as she heard the steps of the walking dead

on the stairs. Mihoshi was too engrossed with her food to even realize that

Ryoko was back while Washu sat flipping through a Franklin Mint Catalogue.

Ryoko poked her head inside the kitchen and looked around. She soon

shuffled through the door decked out in silky green boxers that looked as if

they had seen one to many washings and a long t-shirt that read 'You know

yur a Hillbilly If....' She slowly took a seat beside Ayeka and Washu.

The scientist momentarily looked up and chimed, "Morning, Sunshine!"

Ryoko groaned as her head hit the table. "How do you do it?"

Washu cocked her head and placed a finger on her chin as if in thought.

"How do I do what?"

Ryoko grabbed a handful of her own hair and gently picked her head off the

table to gaze at the woman. There were a few chuckles at Ryoko's antic, but

she ignored them. "How can you turn in for the night when your clock reads

6 in the morning and still be able to be perky when 8 o'clock rolls around?"

Washu shifted her green eyes back to the catalogue as she shrugged. Ryoko

wrinkled her nose. "How could I have possibly ended up with an pipsqueak

who never sleeps for a mother?!" Royko whined.

Without looking up Washu replied, "Just lucky, I guess."

Everyone but Washu and Ryoko chuckled at the statement as they continued

with breakfast.

As Ryoko set her plate in the sink, she saw Tenchi heading

to the shrine. Quickly finishing her juice, she ran after him in hopes of

catching him before he made it to Yosho's place.

"TENCHI!"

The young man spun around, a look of surprise in his big brown eyes. He

blushed slightly at the sight of her in her night clothes. "Uh, Ryoko...what

exactly could be so important that you'd run after me like that?" He
gestured

to her attire, his face turning a shade of red.

Ryoko shrugged and stopped feet in front of him. "I just wanted to know if

those things you wrote were true...." She dug her bare toes into the grass,
the

dirt covering up her blue toenails. ".....So, are they?"

Tenchi remained silent as he fought for the composure to tell her the truth.

"Ryoko.....I...." He trailed off, his eyes staring at the ground.

"....I see. Thanks for being so honest with me." Ryoko grumbled while

turning around quickly, tears filling her eyes as she stormed back to the

house.

"Ryoko, wait!" Tenchi cried as he went after her. He grabbed her arm

causing her to slip in the mud and fall into his own arms. Ryoko jerked her

arm from his grip and glared at him. She swore under her breath as she

spotted the mud clinging to her legs and feet.

"Ryoko....yes! Those things I wrote were true. In the past two months that

you've been desolate...I've come to realize just how much you mean to me.

I'm sorry about earlier, I was just so shocked to hear you ask me instead of

tackling me, that....I...I froze. But, yes.....they are all true. It's how I
feel."

Ryoko gaped at Tenchi's quick confession as she wrung her hands in her

shirt nervously. Tenchi smiled and untangled her fingers from the shirt, her

hands resting in his. Tenchi ran a calloused hand across Ryoko's cheek

bringing a shy smile to her face.

"I'm glad to see that you and Washu have picked up where you left off....I

only wish you the happiness you deserve in life, Ryoko." Tenchi said softly

as he brushed a whisp of cyan hair behind Ryoko's ear.

"You make me happy, Tenchi." Ryoko replied tenderly. A sudden frown

crept to her lips as her eyes narrowed sadly. "But, don't I give you the

impression of being a worthless demon or a lazy monster? Or even a....a um,

a....whore?" Ryoko asked weakly.

Tenchi recoiled in surprise. "No. I don't see any of those things in you

Ryoko. All I see is a kind, caring woman who is begging for a chance at
life.

All you want is peace, happiness and love. You're not some evil person,

depsite your past or Ayeka's insults, you are who you are. You're Ryoko."

Ryoko searched his face for any traces of pity or false comfort but found

none. Ryoko realized she had been holding her breath and slowly exhaled.

"Tenchi....what about Ayeka? Don't her feelings count?"

"Of course they do, Ryoko. I love Ayeka...but, what kind of nephew would I

be if I didn't love her? And it's the same with Sasami. And Mihoshi...well,

she's just a really good friend." Tenchi answered smoothly.

Ryoko smirked. "Mom. You didn't say mom, fuzz brain."

".....Ryoko, about Washu. I'm not sure how I feel about her, but I do know

this, whatever it is, it certaintly isn't anything worth trying for. Let's
face it,

Washu doesn't love me like the rest of you do. Frankly...I don't think she

even likes me. I mean, you've seen the way she looks at me." He protested.

Ryoko nodded. "Don't be silly Tenchi. She just adores you. Why, just the

other day she said to me, 'Ryoko....find yourself a nice young man who'll

love you for who you are and not what you is. Accept his heart and hold on

to it for dear life, child. For love is a precious thing to waste!"

Tenchi found himself chuckling at Ryoko's southern accent that made her

sound like she was a woman from the movie 'Gone With The Wind.' Ryoko

smiled as she wrinkled her nose at the man. Tenchi doubled over in laughter

and when Ryoko started again, he found himself gasping for air.

Not paying attention to the man Ryoko said, "In fact Tenchi....momma

always did say to me, 'Ryoko...when the day comes that you find a

handsome young guy who loves you, bring 'em on home to meet the family.

It'd make your pa so proud if'n you did..." She suddenly stopped.

Looking at the now quiet and rigid Tenchi, Ryoko frowned. "Ryoko."

Ryoko gulped and turned around to see Washu standing there, her hands on

her hips. Ryoko waved to her and gave a nervous laugh.

Behind Washu stood Ayeka, her hands holding a towel up and pinning it to

the clothesline. A smug smile was on the princess's face as she watched the

staredown between Washu and Ryoko, her expression singing out

'BUSTED!'

Washu quirked an eyebrow. "What are you doing?"

Ryoko took a deep breath. "Holding a conversation with Tenchi....?"

"And what are you suppose to be doing?" Washu asked.

Ryoko looked around. ".....My chores...?"

"And then....?"

"Coming to see you...?" Ryoko tried.

Washu nodded. "Instead you are out here doing what?"

Ryoko hung her head. "Not a damn thing."

Washu smirked while shaking her head. "Yes...it does seem that way now,

doesn't it. It seems that you still get distracted by Tenchi, now don't
you?"

"Whatever!" Ryoko muttered as she looked up at the scientist. "It was....

important that I.....talked with him...right after.....breakfast." Ryoko

wheedled.

Closing her eyes Washu replied, "Quite so. Very well. Finish your

conversation with 'Tenchi' and then meet me in the lab, okay?"

Ryoko nodded and then suddenly squeaked, "Yes ma'am." when she saw

Washu's expression. Washu gave her and Tenchi a warm smile, said good-

bye and headed for the house where she gave Ayeka the bird before

disappearing inside.

Ryoko chuckled at her mother's tactics. She turned back to Tenchi and

shrugged. "Mothers." She recieved a sad nod from Tenchi and then added,

"Well, look. I'm glad that I know the truth now...so, promise me that you

won't hide behind your mask of uncertainty any longer."

"I promise, Ryoko. And I'll even go one better on you." Tenchi said slyly as

he leaned over and gave her a quick kiss before asking, "Now the question

is, Can you deal with that?" Tenchi grinned and headed for the shrine

leaving a speechless Ryoko buried up to her ankles in mud.

* * *

"Mom? You in here?" Ryoko called as she stuck her head around the lab

door. "Hello?"

There was a growl of frustration and then, "Geez, do you have to yell?"

Washu asked wobbily as she came into view. "I can hear you, you know. It's

not like I'm deaf or anything."

Ryoko shrugged. "Well, maybe if you installed a few more lights in this

place or even stayed close to the front when you know you're going to have

company, then we wouldn't have to go through this little chat everytime I

come down here!"

Washu shook her head as if trying to rid her mind of cobwebs or something

and then glanced at Ryoko. "Care to run that by me again?"

Ryoko rolled her eyes and pushed past her mother. "No. I am not an

answering machine....I don't repeat myself."

"And why not?"

Ryoko sighed. "Because it goes against my nature."

"Why?"

"I already told you that I don't repeat myself." Ryoko snapped back.

"And why not?" Washu asked once again.

Ryoko spun around. "Because maybe if people actually listened to me

instead of staring at me like I'm some demon, then they'd hear me the first

time!"

"Okay. And exactly why did you tell me the reason why when you clearly

stated that you wouldn't?" Washu inquired with a smile.

Ryoko hung her head. "Because I can't stand for people to ask me the same

question more than three times."

Washu nodded. "That's what you said last month, too." She rubbed her chin.

"Oh well...let's get on with it. You know the drill...."

Ryoko rolled her eyes and made her way to the section of the lab that she

had visited every month for the past half a year. Sitting down on a cushion,

Ryoko crossed her arms and waited for her mother to get everything set up.

Washu soon crossed over to her and sat down infront of Ryoko and picked

up an ophthalmoscope. Shining the tiny light on the scope into Ryoko's

eyes, Washu exmanined her retinas, irises, and her cornea before saying,

"Okay. Take those contacts out and I'll be right back."

Washu got up and vanished into the depths of her lab as Ryoko took her

contacts out and tossed them into a trashcan beside her chair. She sat back

and idly kicked her feet while waiting on Washu to return. Ryoko's vision

blurred in and out and she squinted as she gazed into the blackness.

"Don't strain your eyes, Ryoko. It's not good for them." Washu chided as she

returned with a small box in one hand and a velvet case in the other. She
sat

down and shook her head. "You know...if you keep going at this rate, you

won't be able to see much of anything by next year."

Washu set the box down. "Maybe you should cut down on watching

television and sunsets. Perhaps, you could read a book during the day and

rest your eyes at night....like behind your eyelids!" She suggested.

Ryoko frowned. "And you're telling me this because....?"

"Because I had to strengthen your prescribtion this time, that why. You

mine as well throw your old glasses away because you won't be able to use

them anymore." Washu said as she handed her the case. "These will do until

I have to up the dosage again. Just slap these babies in and you're free to
go."

Washu handed her the small box and turned around, her laptop appearing

under her hands. Washu started typing something into the database as

Ryoko put the new contacts in.

"Uh...mom? A little help here, please." Ryoko asked impatiently.

Washu looked over her shoulder to see Ryoko's left eye blinking rapidly

and out of control. Stifling her laughter, Washu moved over and centered

the contact over Ryoko's pupil. "Better?" She asked as Ryoko closed her

eye.

"Yeah, thanks." Ryoko replied as she opened the eye and wipped a finger

under her bottom lid as some solution trickled down her face. "You know, I

still find it hard to believe that you were able to decipher Zero from
myself

just by scanning her. She was my copy, right?"

"Yes. But, just as she had to take your gem because she couldn't copy one,

she would have had to take your bad eyes to pass off as physically perfect

and identical. What's so hard to believe?" Washu questioned as she titled

her head, her eyes on her computer screen.

Ryoko shrugged as if Washu was looking at her. "Don't know. Just curious,

I guess. I better be getting back before everyone starts to worry. Thanks

again, mom. Bye!"

Ryoko dematerialized from her cushion as Washu looked back. Smiling

sadly, she whispered, "Goodbye, Ryoko."

* * *

Ryoko slipped out of the lab quietly and over to the couch. Picking up the

remote she remembered her mother's suggestion. 'Don't watch so much

television, instead you sould try reading a book during the day.' Ryoko

dropped the remote and teleported upstairs to the Nobuyuki's office.

Searching for something interesting, she came across a thick book that read

'Pet Cemetary' on it's spine. Ryoko thumbed through it before taking it

dowstairs with her. When she reached the living room she saw Ayeka

flipping through the channels searching for her soaps.

Ryoko sat down and opened the book as Ayeka cut her gaze to the pirate.

"Found some suitable material, I see." Ayeka muttered smugly.

"In fact...I do believe I did."

Ayeka rolled her eyes as Ryoko began reading the book. Ayeka squealed

when she found her soaps and leaned forward to watch them. Ryoko droned

out the sounds of the show but Ayeka's remarks, sighs and squeals were

getting to her. Ryoko finally slammed the book shut and stood up.

"Where are you going? Aren't you going to watch 'Sentiments'? You know

your 'favorite' soap?" Ayeka asked curiously.

Ryoko snorted. "Nope. I've got better things to do than to rot my brain out

watching some ridiculous load of tripe such as Sentiments, Down the Line

or even the news, so don't ask again." Ryoko phased from sight as Ayeka

scrunched her brow trying to figure what bit Ryoko in the ass.

She shrugged and turned back to the television. When the second soap came

on, Ayeka strecthed out on the couch as she was joined by Mihoshi who

insisited on eating extra crunchy rice crackers and asking all sorts of

questions about the show that she should have already known.

Ayeka groaned and tried to ignore the blonde but wasn't getting anywhere

fast. Ayeka's hand absently reached out and grabbed the remote control and

squeezed it hard as she aimed for the blondes head. Just as she brought her

arm back to chuck the object, Washu tapped her head.

The remote went flying backwards out of Ayeka's hand and landed with a

'crash' against a flower vase sitting on the table along the back wall.
Ayeka

grimaced as she sat up to access the damage. Washu blinked in surprise and

then turned to Ayeka.

"Hey! Crazy girl....what'dya think you were doing trying to throw the damn

remote at Mihoshi?! Don't you know that you can throw the bimbo a bomb

and still have no luck?!" Washu asked accusingly.

Ayeka made a face. "Yes....well if you ask me, I'd say that if Ryoko were

here, then Mihoshi wouldn't be attempting to tip the scales in angering
fate."

Washu raised an eyebrow. "You don't say." Washu teased. "Where is Ryoko

anyway?"

Ayeka sighed and pointed up at the rafters. Washu followed the princess's

gesture and shook her head. "Ryoko?" Washu called cheerfully.

"What?!" Ryoko shouted back. "Um, I mean....yes?"

Washu wrinkled her nose. "What are you doing up there?" The scientist

questioned curiously.

"Reading a book like you suggested. Why?" Ryoko asked equally surprised.

".....And are you suppose to be reading up there?"

There was a long pause and then, "Uhhhhhhh..........No?" Ryoko's head

peeked from over the rafter as she shifted to the side to gaze at the

occupants below.

Washu tilted her head back to see Ryoko laying on her stomach, her feet

sticking in the air and swinging idly. A hardback book laid open in front of

her as she scrunched up her brow to look at her mother.

"Ryoko...please come down from there. There's not enough light to read

by." Washu announced as she turned to finish her journey into the kitchen.

"Yes ma'am." Ryoko answered as she drifted to the floor with the book in

her hands.

Ayeka stared at her with bafflement and all Ryoko did was turn her nose up

and trek past the princess and into the kitchen.

Washu sat at the table, her hand smoothly dipping a tea bag into a cup of
hot

water. She sat in a daze as she stared out the window at the passing clouds.

Ryoko sat beside her and reopened the book she had been reading, her eyes

picking up where she had left off.

"Whatcha reading?"

Ryoko looked up to see Sasami taking a seat next to her, a plate of cookies

in one hand and a glass of milk in the other.

"Something called Pet Cemetary. Ever hear of it?" Ryoko quizzed the young

princess.

Sasami pushed the plate of cookies in between herself and Ryoko and said,

"Yup. Saw the movie actually....but, don't tell Ayeka. She'll flip. I can't
read

the book though because of the language. If it were my choice, I'd have read
it

a long time ago."

Ryoko dipped her head as her fingers found a cookie on their own. Leaning

on her elbow, Ryoko nibbled the cookie. "Sasami.....have you ever heard of

a mythological creature called a Demogorgon?"

The little girl wrinkled her nose in thought. "Yeah. I once read about them

in a book about Greek mythology. Why?"

Ryoko stared at her cookie, her face blank. "Do....do you think....do you

think that....I would pass off for a demogorgon?"

"WHAT?!" The girl asked, her young voice echoed by one with age.

Ryoko turned to see Washu staring at her intently. "Ryoko....you're not a

demogorgon. What on Earth made you think that you were?"

Ryoko set the cookie down. "I don't know. It was just a thought." Ryoko

disappeared from the chair leaving the book and cookie behind. Washu

stared at Sasami who just shrugged and took the empty plate to the sink.

Washu scimmed the table and reached over for the book, her hands dragging

it infront of her. She read a few lines and flipped the front cover. 'Pet

Cemetary.....Stephen King.' Washu read the title and authors name silently

before placing the cover back on the table.

Sighing she closed the book. Standing up, she headed for her lab, cookie in

mouth and book in hand.

* * *

The afternoon passed quickly and Ryoko soon found herself wandering

about in the woods alone. She had left the house earlier in an angered daze

and had completely lost track of time and track of the path she had taken.

She could have easly teleported back to the house, but Ryoko liked a good

challenge, so she sufficed for finding her way back home in the dark woods.

She came upon a small creek that was rushing down the mountain in a hurry

and stopped to rest on top of a small boulder.

Looking around, Ryoko saw various small green lights blink here and there

and then die down. 'Fireflies.' She told herself as she watched them radomly

blink in the night. Glancing down at the swift moving water, she saw an

image appear on the broken surface.

Taking a closer look, Ryoko could see three young children playing together

in a field on a summer night much like the one Ryoko was enjoying....

A small girl chased a young boy around, her laughter rising to meet the

stars.

"HIROKI! GET BACK HERE! YOU'RE NOT PLAYING FAIR, I TAGGED YOU A LONG TIME

AGO!" The girl was shouting as she laughed, her small legs carrying her as

fast as they could after the older boy.

He turned around and blew a raspberry at her which made her shriek and try

to run faster as she grew red in the face. Nearby another young girl stood
by

watching her brother and best friend run around like monkey's.

She spotted two tall figures standing off to the side, both chatting and

occasionally glancing at the three kids. Finally her friend stopped running

after her brother as her large golden eyes followed a glowing green light

that hung in the air.

"Whatchoo doin?" She asked the other girl as she hunched down, her arms

hugging her knees. The small golden eyed child turned to gaze at her friend

who knelt in the grass.

"I'm watching the fireflies. What are you doing?" The girl asked her ground-

bound friend.

The second girl shrugged her shoulders. "Watchin' yoo, I 'spose." She tilted

her head up and stared at the stars, her golden eyed friend doing the same.

"Hey, Ryoko?" The girl asked her friend as she sat still. "Do....yoo think
my

daddy's up there, somewheres?"

The young Ryoko looked down upon her friend. "I sure hope so, Keiko. I

even bet that he's watching over you and Hiroki right now."

Keiko looked up at her and smiled. She nodded and stood up. "Right! My

daddy's the kindest, most wonderful daddy up there. But, yoo know

somethin', I think your daddy's watchin' over yoo too."

Ryoko frowned and looked back at the fireflies. "Yeah....he probably is."

Keiko tilted her head at Ryoko and then turned her amethyst eyes on the

glittering fireflies. A lone firefly drifted past Keiko's face and with a

wrinkled nose, she followed it's path until it disappeared. Keiko hunched

over and balled up her fists, her eyes screwed shut and her teeth clenched.

Ryoko quirked an eyebrow at her best friend and shook her head as the girl

imitated someone who was constipated. "What are you doing?" Ryoko

finally asked. Keiko opened her eyes and looked over her shoulder at her

butt.

"Your butt hasn't lit, if that's what you're wondering." Hiroki's voice told
her

as he came up beside Ryoko and Keiko.

Keiko frowned as she kept her eyes on her butt. "I can't even tell what

muscle to flex!"

Ryoko snickered as Hiroki shook his head. "Cheer up, Keiko. Humans can't

make their rear-ends light up like a firefly can. It's just not possible."

Keiko sighed with hesitation as she relaxed and stood up straight. Ryoko

was looking at her thoughtfully, her eyes twinkling with small hints of

confusion. 'I can light parts of my body up. Does that mean that I'm not

human, like Hiroki and Keiko?' She pondered as she looked down.

"Hey....what's wrong?" Hiroki asked.

Ryoko glanced up and shook her head. "Nothing." She mumbled as she

gazed at his purplish red eyes. His platinum black hair hung in his eyes and

he smoothly brushed it it back as he smiled at her.

"Good." He replied as he winked at her. "Cause I want to show you

something. Come on." He urged as he took her hand. He pulled Ryoko

behind a bush and pointed off into the woods that lined the small field.

Ryoko cut her eyes to the tree tops to see thousands of fireflies.

"Wow....that sure is a lot of fireflies. Look at them all, aren't they

beautiful?" Ryoko breathed shyly.

Hiroki squeezed her hand. "Yeah. They sure are."

Ryoko felt her cheeks burn as she blushed at his statement. "Hiroki....do
you

think I'm beautiful? I mean...not beautiful like the fireflies, but human

beautiful?"

"Huhn?" He asked as he turned to face her. "What do you mean human

beautiful? I think that you're very pretty, Ryoko. And not a pretty like the

fireflies....but, you are still young. In time, you can be viewed as being

beautiful, but first....you have to grow up."

He adverted his gaze. "When you grow up....then ask me if I think you're

beautiful."

Ryoko smiled sadly. "I understand, Hiroki. I'm just a child to you and

everyone else around me. I'm six years old....I think I can be viewed as

beautiful now because it dosn't matter what your age is. Beauty doesn't
care.

Why should anyone else?!" Ryoko ran off, her eyes watering up.

Hiroki watched her leave. "Because....once you're older, then I'll know

whether or not you feel the same about me as I feel about you." The boy

whispered to himself.

Hiroki ran after Ryoko askign her to stop and listen to him. When Ryoko

did give him the chance to apologize, she stared at him coldly. Keiko stood

by her mother, her large eyes on her brother and Ryoko.

"Oh...isn't that just cute. It seems that your Little Ryoko has a crush on

Hiroki." Keiko's mother exclaimed as she pointed to her son and Ryoko.

The other woman frowned and watched her daughter before glancing at her

left wrist. "Wow...look at the time." She said as she glanced at her bare

wrist. "RYOKO!" She called the girl. "IT'S TIME TO GO HOME. IT'S

GETTING LATE."

Ryoko looked at her mother and whined, "But mother....it's only 7:30!"

The woman sighed heavily. "THAT IT MAY BE, BUT YOU HAVE

SCHOOL TOMORROW YOUNG LADY! LET'S GO! NOW!"

Ryoko narrowed her eyes. She looked at Hiroki with the same glare and

said, "See you later."

She stormed off to where her mother stood waiting beside Keiko and her

mother. Ryoko looked up at Keiko's mom. "Thank you for letting me play

with Keiko and Hiroki, Mrs. Yoshida." Ryoko bowed respectfully to the

woman who gave her a nod in return.

"It was my pleasure, Ryoko. Hope you have a good night." Mrs. Yoshida

replied.

Ryoko took her mother's hand and waved bye to Keiko as her mother told

them goodnight. "Have a nice evening, Mari. Keiko."

"Oh, Washu? You will be joining us tomorrow night for Keiko's fifth

birthday, won't you?" Mari asked hopefully. "Keiko would like for Ryoko to

come and all."

Washu glanced at her daughter who smiled pleadingly. "Alright. What

time?"

"The party starts at 6:30. If you don't mind, Ryoko is even welcome to

spend the night." Mari explained.

"I'll have to see how Little Ryoko does on her spelling test tomorrow for

that one. But, I'd say that the chances are pretty good." Washu proclaimed.

"I will see you tomorrow then. Goodnight, Mari."

"Goodnight Washu. Ryoko." Mari stated as they left the park.

Ryoko turned back to see Hiroki watching her as she left. As she gazed at

him, he saw him moving his hand in a funny motion and then drop his arm

as hundreds of tiny fireflies swarmed around him. Ryoko forced herself not

to squeal as the glowing fireflies formed the words, 'Goodnight, Ryoko.'

* * *

Ryoko shook herself out of the daze. She saw her uneven reflection in the

water and frowned. 'Hiroki....do you think I'm beautiful?' Ryoko's past

question resurfaced in her mind. He had told her when she grew up to ask

him again and he'd answer then, but not before.

Ryoko sighed as she teleported back to the house, her feet landing silently

on the front porch. Phasing through the door, she headed to the kitchen to

retrieve her forgotten book, but when she got there, it was gone.

"Oh no." Ryoko whispered as she looked around on the counters for the lost

novel.

"Looking for this?"

Ryoko spun around to see Washu standing in the doorway, her purple night

shirt barely staying closed by the top three buttons and her matching pants

creased and twisted. Ryoko gave her mother an annoyed look as she spotted

the book in the woman's hands.

"What are you still doing up? It's 3 in the morning." Ryoko chided as she

cocked her head at her mother.

Washu snorted. "Exactly which one of us is the mother here? You're the one

who should be answering that, not me? What happened? You never came

back when you left this afternoon....why?" Washu inquiried softly.

Ryoko shrugged. "Don't know."

"Ryoko....I know that you're keeping the truth from me. Why won't you tell

me?"

Ryoko sat down in a chair as Washu sat beside her. "Why won't you tell

me?" Washu repeated.

Ryoko glanced at her. "Because they is nothing to worry about. I'm fine,
I've

come back...."

"You missed dinner, dessert and family game night." Washu finished for

her. "Now, why won't you tell me what happened?"

Washu smiled. She had Ryoko now. If asked the same quesstion three times

Ryoko would crack and tell Washu the truth. However, Ryoko remained quiet

even after being asked three times.

Ryoko shifted uneasily under her mother's worried gaze. "Ryoko?"

"Because I got lost....okay! I wasn't paying attention and wondered off the

path where I found a small creek. I decided to do some thinking, that was

all. I'm okay....and what happened this afternoon, don't worry about it.
It's

fine, I'm fine...there's nothing to worry about." Ryoko exclaimed harshly.

Washu sat in silence before setting the book on the table and sliding it in
her

daughter's direction. She sat back and folded her hands in front of her as
she

kept her eyes on the table.

"You won't say anything about me getting lost to the others, will you?"

Ryoko asked softly.

"No."

Ryoko nodded as she moved to rise to her feet but quickly sat back down.

"Mom. Do you remember back when I was younger, the lab assistant you

had before Kagato? You know....Mari Yoshida?"

Washu looked up at Ryoko. "How could I forget her....? But, what brought

this up?"

Ryoko fiddled with the book. "Do you ever think about her? I mean...she

was like your best friend....until she was transferred. We never saw her
after

that. You never talked to her and I know she called and wrote all the time."

Washu blinked at her daughter. "No she didn't. I never once recieved any

calls or letters from her after she moved. I just figured that she found

something better and moved on with her life."

Ryoko shook her head no. "Uhn-uhn. She called many times....when you

were at work or school. I'd answer the phone and she'd leave a message for

you. And I would leave the message on the fridge. The messages kept

disappearing so I thought that you were returning her calls." She paused.

"And I always left any mail on your bed. There were many letters from her

that came through." Ryoko revealed. "And I know I should have said

something earlier, but, I caught Kagato shredding a few letters and

messages one afternoon while you were away. I tried stopping him, but...."

Washu narrowed her eyes. Ryoko took a deep breath and went on. "But,

Kagato....was too strong for me. It was the first time he had hit me and I
was

scared to death of him after that. At least until I got older and became

rebellious, then I stood up to him more often. But, she did write and call."

"It's okay, Ryoko. It's not your fault that Kagato was such a bastard. And
I'm

grateful to know that you stood up for what was right. Thank you." Washu

whispered as she stood up. She shuffled to the door and was about to leave

Ryoko alone when her daughter said something that saddened her.

"You know....I miss him." Ryoko mentioned. "That Hiroki.....he was my

knight in shining armor when I was a child. And....I, really miss him."

Washu didn't say anything as she turned back and embraced her daughter.

She tenderly stroked Ryoko's hair and rubbed her back. "I know you do,

sweetheart. But...that was a long time ago. Let him go, honey. You have a

new life, a new family...and of course Tenchi." Washu assured her.

Ryoko soon pulled back and headed for the stairs as her mother headed for

the lab, "Yeah....but he's no Hiroki. It's just not the same." Ryoko
answered

as she silently slipped up the steps to her room as Washu stood watching

her. The woman sighed. "You're right. Tenchi is no Hiroki. He just isn't."

Ryoko closed her door and tossed the book on her bed as she walked to her

closet. With one swift pull, she had the door open and was sitting on her

knees as her hands searched through the junk resting inside the isolated

chamber. Ryoko soon found what she was looking for and smiled.

Pulling a large box out into the middle of the room, Ryoko scanned it's

flaps. In black marker she could just make out 'Ryoko's Junk' scrawled

across the top of the box. Ryoko blew the thick layer of dust from the

cardboard holder and sat back as she examined another box next to it.

The two large boxes were pretty much all the belongings she had managed

to salvage after Kagato kidnapped her. She somehow was able to escape

him and fled to the abandoned house she and her mother once occupied

before everything fell apart.

Ryoko had found some boxes and began packing things into them so that

they'd stay safe. She had only stored two of the five large boxes in a
secret

room onboard Ryo-Ohki before Kagato found her and took control of her

again. Ryoko remembered being severly punished for her little stunt.

Now as she opened the box, she felt tears forming in her eyes at the

memories held safe inside the cardboard walls. Rumaging around in the

stuff concealed inside, she pulled a small shoebox out and opened it to find

it full of letters and short notes she had saved from her days of middle

school.

She smiled as she remembered how her and her friends use to pass notes

back and forth in English class, the most boring class of all. She placed
the

lid back on the box and set it aside as she fished out another box. Opening

it, she found many small trinkets inside that were wrapped up protectively.

Ryoko unwrapped a small object to find a small resin statue of a unicorn.

She unwrapped some others to find alot of her childhood treasures. Glass

bears, angels, a porcelein cat with a ball of yarn, a bunny with a patch of

fluffy hair, a suncatcher ornament and much more.

As she continued to expose things back into her life she began remembeing

alot more of her childhood. She unwrapped tons of unburned candles and

then some that were. Ryoko remembered that she had been an advid

collector of sorts and candles happened one of the collected items.

She found a windchime decorated in metallic blue unircorns, a music box

that was shaped like a merry-go-round and another in the shape of a white

bear perched on a velvet box. She uncovered a large statue of a horse on
it's

hind legs followed by a few pictures of various scenes, animals and people.

Ryoko found the many books she had read as child, tons of stuffed animals

big and small, an oak jewelry box filled to the top with necklaces, rings

bracelots and earrings. She found a softball and a glove as she remembered

that she had been the captain and pitcher of her middle schools softball
team.

Under the glove was a picture frame with an Atheltic Award inside. She

scimmed the certificate with pride that read,

'STARLING ACADEMY'

This is to certify that

RYOKO HAKUBI

has been selected to recieve the Atheltic Award for Softball.

Ryoko picked it up to find yet another frame with the same Award inside

excpet that it was for Swimming. Under the frames were two large Blue, White

and Gray S's, one sporting a lapel pin of someone swimming, the other a pin

of a softball, glove and bat. Ryoko smiled. She had been athletic.

These awards would teach Ayeka to call her lazy again. Shaking her head,

she set them aside and dug through the box to find various folders, papers,

computer disks and drawings. Picking up a drawing of a woman, Ryoko

recognized the appearance of Washu with Ryoko's name in a corner.

'I drew this?' Ryoko thought as she gazed at it. Washu was seated on a

blanket with her legs crossed and her leaning back against an arm as she

used her free hand to shield her eyes from the setting sun. Ryoko quirked an

eyebrow. "I was really good. I wonder if I still have the knack for this."

She set the picture down and reached back into the box, her hands coming

across what she had been looking for. She pulled out a hunter green box

made of a type of fabric with gold lettering that said, 'Ryoko's Memories.'

Dusting the book off, she carefully opened it to a page in the back. There

were numerous cropped, cut and bordered photos on the two pages she had

flipped to. She came across a photo of her sitting in the middle of a large

group of teenage girls.

Ryoko had on a plastic yellow hardhat and a smile as a teenage Keiko had

her head resting on her right shoulder while giving the victory sign.
Another

girl with bright copper hair had her head on Ryoko's left shoulder and her

legs across Ryoko's lap.

Beside that girl was another girl with short blue hair tied into a tight

ponytail smiling widely as she leaned against her friend. In front of Ryoko

was an older girl with light teal hair who leaned against another girl with

dark blue hair, both wearing the plastic yellow hardhats on their heads.

And finally, on the very end leaning back agaisnt Ryoko's legs was the

youngest girl who had light purple-black hair and large silver eyes.

Ryoko smiled at the photo of girls that had been taken during a rehearshal

for a school play that Ryoko starred in.

Staring at another photo, she saw herself and Keiko holding small golfclubs

and leaning their backs agaisnt each other as they got ready to play a game

of miniture golf. It was Keiko's 11th birthday.

The picture beside it was also of Ryoko and Keiko, both decked out in

matching black and silver bikini's at a pool party one of their friends held
at

the end of every school year.

A smaller picture from that same day showed Ryoko sitting on a young

boy's shoulders, her fingers entwined with Keiko's who was perched on the

shoulders of her brother, both girls engaged in a all out game of chicken.

Under that picture was another photo of Ryoko's face as she lost her balance

and hit the water, the top piece of her swim suit coming loose and drifting
in

the water. Paired with that picture, was a smiling Ryoko, who evidently not

embaressed that her top had come off, was giving a thumbs up.

Ryoko smirked. Had Washu ever seen that picture, she'd have gone bubonic

on Ryoko's ass for acting so calm and collected about the situation. On the

next page was a set of new pictures all taken of the same people.

Ryoko and Hiroki.

The page was decorated with stickers of roses, birds and hearts. The top

picture had a 15 year old Hiroki with his arms encirlced around a 13 year

old Ryoko's waist as both sat perched upon a horse smiling at the camera.

The next was a prom picture of Hiroki dressed in a nice tuxedo with a happy

Ryoko standing beside him in an strapless white gown with a lilac bodice

and trim. Her hair was curled and pinned back and a white and peach rose

corsage rested on her hand as she wrapped her arms around Hiroki.

Ryoko felt her eyes tear up as she stared at the last picture that had ever

been taken of Ryoko and Hiroki together. It was a large photo that was

taken on the day of Hiroki's 16th birthday. He had recieved a nice car from

his mother and Ryoko was perched on the hood as Hiroki leaned foward.

His hands rested on her hips as she leaned back on both her elbows, her legs

dangling above the ground with Hiroki hunched over her as she sat back

on the car. The picture had been taken coincidently by one of Hiroki's

friends, the camera zooming in on the couple as Hiroki kissed Ryoko.

Hiroki recieved the photo later who in turn gave it to Ryoko when he told

her that his mom had been transferred to another Academy and that they

would be leaving the following week. Ryoko begged him to stay but Hiroki

didn't have a choice. If he did, he told her he would have stayed with her.

That night when Hiroki left her house, she had cried for hours on her

mother's shoulder who offered all the support and comfort she could. It was

the last time Ryoko had seen him for he hadn't even stopped over to say

goodbye as they left the following week. Keiko did, but Hiroki did not.

After they had left, Ryoko never heard from either Keiko or Hiroki and

when the occasional letter came through for Washu, Ryoko hoped and

prayed that there would be some word from her friends, but none ever came.

Ryoko wiped a tear from her face as she closed the photo album. Stretching

out her legs, she stood up and began placing the pictures, trinkets and
other

objects around her room to give it the feeling she once knew.

When she was done with the task at hand, she tossed the boxes back into the

closet and set the photo album on her dresser. Slipping into her boxers and

t-shirt, Ryoko crawled under the sheet on her bed, hugged the ratty blanket

close to her and fell asleep without another moment's hesitation.

* * *

The next morning proved to be eventful and quite gloomy. The day was

overcast as gray clouds moved in keeping the sun's warm rays hidden, the

air was chilly thanks to the wind-chill factor and Sasami, unfortunatly woke

up two hours early feeling like a beached whale.

The young princess woke Ayeka up and claimed that she didn't feel well and

was absolutly drained. Ayeka in turn fetched Washu who quarantined the

girl with measles. Ayeka panicked, her mind on the verge that the measles

was a deadly disease and that poor Sasami was going to die.

Washu sent Ryo-Ohki to get Tenchi who she hoped would calm the

hysterical princess down because she was scaring Sasami. Washu assured

the girl that she wasn't going to die and that the measles was a common

sickness among young children such as herself.

Tenchi explained to Ayeka the same thing before going in and checking on

the sick princess.

"Washu...how is she?" Tenchi asked, his voice high with concern.

The woman turned around. "She'll be okay. Just a small case of the measles,

no one dies from the measles anymore Tenchi. There isn't a cure for them so

we have to let them run their course. For the next week you'll either have
to

help me with dinner or order take out, cause our Sasami's got them bad."

Tenchi nodded. "Do you want me to sit with her so you can go back to

bed?"

"No thank you. You need your rest because you have your day cut out for

you, Tenchi my boy. Go on....and tell Ayeka I'll be out in minute and that

she's not to come inside." Washu instructed.

Tenchi nodded and left the room. Washu covered Sasami up as the little girl

drifted into a deep sleep from the medicine Washu had given her. Making

sure Sasami was comfortable, warm and fast asleep, Washu snuck outside to

find Ayeka waiting for her, her face screwed up in worry.

"Miss. Washu...how is she? Will she be okay? How long will she take to

recover?" Ayeka asked all at once.

Washu held her hand up and shook her head. "Follow me, princess." The

scientist ordered as she headed down the hallway towards Mihoshi's room.

Ayeka stood still, surpirse on her face. Washu looked her. "For the next

week, you can't go in to see Sasami. What she has is highly contagious and

until her symptons start to clear up, the only people allowed to go in there
is

Ryoko or myself. We don't want you or the others to catch it, now do we?"

Ayeka hung her head and muttered, "No." She slowly followed Washu

down the hall where the woman stopped in front of a door. Ayeka did a

double take as she identified the door with the person. And this definatly

wasn't Mihoshi's bedroom.

"Miss. Washu, I can't stay in here! I refuse to share a room with her!"
Ayeka

protested.

Washu shrugged. "It's either the couch, Mihoshi's god-awful room and that

snoring, Ryoko's room or my lab. Of course, if you think you could possibly

get up there, I'm sure Ryoko wouldn't mind letting you use her rafter."

Ayeka sneered at before giving in. "Very well, but just until Sasami is

better."

Washu nodded. "Some nights you'll even have her room to yourself because

Ryoko and I will trade off every night with Sasami. Tonight I'll take watch,

tomorrow Ryoko. And so on. So....it won't be that bad. Come on." Washu

quietly opened the door and ushered Ayeka inside.

Ayeka gasped at the sight that greeted her. Just yesterday when Ayeka had

entered Ryoko's room to see if she was hiding in there, the walls, dresser

and desk had been bare as bare could be. Now, there were pictures hanging

on the walls. Trinkets, candles and various items lined the dresser and
desk.

On the desk sat a frosted purple and blue lamp shaped like a rocket along

with a photo in a large frame. Ayeka glanced at the photo and then turned to

Washu.

"Washu? Whose this young man who has his arms around Ryoko?

Certaintly that's not Lord Tenchi." Ayeka questioned the picture.

Washu took a glance at it and quickly turned it down. "That's none of your

business, princess. And I swear that if you pester Ryoko about it, I'll give

you a sickness you'll never forget."

Ayeka gulped and watched Washu cross the room to her daughter's bed.

Washu knelt down and gently tapped Ryoko's shoulder as she whispered,

"Ryoko. Wake up for a second would ya."

The sleeping pirate turned over, her eyes narrowed slits of gold as she
stared

at her mother. "What is it?"

"I need you do me a favor. Sasami is really sick and I can't let anyone into

the same room with her. So, I need for you to be the grown up here and

allow Ayeka to camp out with you for the next week. Okay?" Washu asked

sweetly.

Ryoko sat up and then crawled out of bed. Walking across the room like a

zombie, she stopped short of running into Ayeka and blinked tiredly.

"Excuse me, princess." She murmured as she passed Ayeka and continued to

the closet. Opening the door, Ryoko fished around for something.

Letting out an "Ah-ha, there you are you little rascal." Ryoko closed the

door, a black and white sleeping bag and a futon in her arms. Throwing the

futon down somewhere, Ryoko spread out the sleeping bag and unzipped it.

Ayeka watched in horror as her gut told her that the futon was for her.

Of course, this was Ryoko's room. Ryoko's bed. Ryoko's space. Ryoko came

first.....this was her territory.

Instead, the pirate took the ratty pillow and the unseen blanket and threw

them to floor as she pulled another pillow from under the sheet. Dropping to

her knees, Ryoko pulled a plastic bag from under the bed and opened it.

Withdrawing an elaborate comforter, she spread it over the bed.

It was a pale shade of blue and green with small lavender flowers scattered

about it. Lace ruffle entwined with a green ribbon trimmed the edge of the

comforter as small sections of the blanket puffed out showing it's

dimensions. Ryoko smoothed it out and then turned to Ayeka.

"Drool, sneeze or fart on that comforter and I'll personally break you into

my domain. Got it?" Ryoko inquiried as she slipped under the sleeping bag

on the futon.

Ayeka stared at her and then at Washu who shrugged while smiling smugly.

"Sleep tight, princess. Don't let the bed bugs bite." The scientist chimed
as

she left the room and closed the door behind her.

Ayeka gently slid under the comforter on Ryoko's bed and leaned over on

one elbow as she gazed at Ryoko who slept peacfully on the floor. "Ryoko?

Why didn't you make me sleep on the floor? I mean, you could have just as

easily had the bed to yourself." Ayeka wondered aloud.

"Because this is my room and you're my guest. Now go to SLEEP!" Ryoko

answered as she sank down under the sleeping bag.

Ayeka laid back against the soft feather pillow and looked around the room.

'Thank you, Ryoko."

"You're welcome." The pirate muttered tiredly.

Ayeka turned over to face the wall. 'I wonder who that cute guy was that

was in that picture with Ryoko. I'll have to ask her about it when she wakes

up.' Ayeka thought as she felt herself drift back into sleep.

Ayeka felt like she had just nodded off when someone shook her and said,

"Ayeka...it's time to get up. Get out of my bed."

Ayeka's rubey red eyes fluttered as she came face to face with Ryoko.

Ayeka shrieked and sat up as Ryoko quickly clamped a hand over the

princess's mouth. "Hey, cool it....would ya? Sasami's sick and trying to
sleep

and you're yelling like I'm going to murder you or something. Now shutup!"

Ayeka nodded and Ryoko removed her hand. Ryoko rose to her feet.

"Breakfast is ready. Go on." Ryoko announced as she searched her room

absently. Her eyes fell upon the turned over picture frame on her desk and

she moved over to pick it back up.

Behind her, Ayeka fixed the bed and watched her intently as Ryoko seemed

to slip into la-la land as her finger ran over the glass that held the
photo.

"He is a very handsome man. Mind telling me about him?"

Ryoko's head snapped up to see Ayeka standing right behind, her gaze

directed at the picture. "No. Mind your own business, Ayeka."

Ayeka nodded. "I was....just curious, that's all. It certaintly isn't Lord

Tenchi, and I know about the relationship between the two of you. I guess it

just wasn't meant to be for Tenchi and I. I'm happy that you finally found

what you were looking for, Ryoko." Ayeka assured.

Ryoko shook her head no. "Actually, princess, I haven't found what it is
that

I was looking for. I doubt I ever will. Tenchi....I thought he was what I
was

searching for, but he isn't. There is no relationship between us and while I

appreciate the gesture of you dropping the fight, he's not the one for me."

"What ever do you mean, Ryoko? You and I have fought over Tenchi for

the past seven months....and now that you've won you're just suddenly

throwing in the towel?" Ayeka asked cautiously. "Why? Why are you

throwing it all away....and for what?! A picture?!"

Ryoko spun around. "Let me tell you something little princess....you don't

ever know what you have until you lose it. And until you lose it, you never

really can understand the reasoning of finding it. Because once you lose it,

it's hard as hell to get it back again, and in one piece." Ryoko stated.

She crossed the room where she dropped down onto the bed, the frame still

in her hands. Ayeka sat beside her and frowned when she saw Ryoko's

hands trembling with fear.

"Ryoko?"

Silence.

Ryoko shifted her weight. "His name was Hiroki. I had known him from the

time that I was born. And from the time that I could walk, talk and play...I

knew that Hiroki was the one for me. That there was no other. We grew up

together. His little sister and I were best friends, almost like sisters."

Ryoko stopped there as she took a deep breath. "Hiroki and I became an

item when I turned 12. He was 15. And we were both happy together. We

could tell the other anything we ever wanted and we had no worries because

we knew that we could make it." Ryoko closed her eyes.

"Hiroki and I did everything together Ayeka. When we went out, we took

his sister Keiko with us because we knew that her presence didn't affect our

relationship. Keiko and I remained the best of friends even then. And then a

few days after Hiroki turned 16, I learned about some devestating news."

Ayeka frowned again. "What happened?" She asked the trembling woman

with compassion.

Ryoko opened her arms to stare at the photo. "His mother was Washu's first

lab assistant....before Kagato. Both women were good friends and had

gotten along well with each other from the get go. And then one day, she

got transfered to another academy to become a science professor."

Ayeka nodded. "That doesn't sound so bad, Ryoko."

Ryoko looked at her. "Maybe not. But, when the guy you've been with for

nearly two years and have known your whole life just suddenly ups and

leaves without telling you goodbye first, never writing or calling to say
he's

okay or that he misses you....or even telling you where he went...."

Ryoko trailed off as she felt Ayeka tense at her words. "It becomes a

difficult struggle to survive. To go another day without him. It's hard,

Ayeka. But, it gets even harder when you refuse to move on. When he left

like that, I became depressed. I was sick, Ayeka.....for a very long time."

Ayeka wrinkled her nose. "But, you had Washu to cure you. Unlike dear

Sasami, who has to suffer with the pain and discomfort."

"No, Ayeka....I mean, really, really sick. I slipped back into the dark

recessess of my mind. Basically, I became a walking time bomb of

emotions. I developed a mental illness...many actually. I became depressed,

defensive, delusional, repressed. Eventually I sank into masochism."

"Masochism? Isn't that the illness one has when they enjoy inflicting pain

on themsleves?" Ayeka questioned.

Ryoko nodded. "Yep. That's the one." She answered as she felt tears trickle

down her face.

"Oh, Ryoko." Ayeka gasped. "I had no idea that you went through all that

too. I know I was angered and hurt when Yosho left me...but, I don't think
it

hit me as hard as it had you. I'm.....so sorry." Ayeka apologized as she

hugged the crying woman.

Ryoko cried like she had the night Hiroki told her of his moving. Ryoko had

swore that night, that she'd never cry like that again. But, here she

was...2,000 years later, crying as she had before and to her rival
nonetheless.

Ryoko knew for sure that Ayeka would never let her live this down.

* * *

Ryoko picked her head off the pillow and stared down at the sleeping

Sasami. Her breath was shallow and ragged and her face was flsuhed as tiny

pink dots with grayish white centers began forming on her forehead.

It had been three days since Sasami caught the measles and the worst of it

was still to come. The rash would soon move down her body where in about

two to three days it would spread to her feet. Once it had spread that far,

then her symptons would begin to fade and she'd get better.

Right now, poor Sasami only had the rash confined to her face and the tiny

little bumps had already claimed the insides of her cheeks making it
difficult

for her to eat.

Washu and Ryoko had taken turns sitting with the girl through night, but

Ryoko decided to take double shifts for some unknown reason. As she sat

up in the bed, she looked at the small clock on the wall. Dawn was still

another four hours away....

Ryoko watched the moon cast an erie glow across the floor and over to

Sasami's bed where the small girl now laid wide awake. Her eyes were

drawn together in pain as she started coughing violently. Ryoko slipped

from under the covers and knelt beide the girl.

"Here, drink this. Okay?" Ryoko said softly as she lifted Sasami's head and

placed the edge of a glass to her cracked lips.

Sasami did her best and tried to keep most of it either in her mouth or in
the

cup but she always managed to spill quite a bit on herself instead. Sasami

sighed with the frustration of it all as some of the liquid dribbled down
her

chin, the bright blue substance staining her shirt.

Ryoko smiled as she set the glass back down. "Let's get that shirt changed

and then I have an idea that may make stuff easier for you to drink until

you're better, alright?"

She nodded feebly and waited as Ryoko grabbed a shirt and returned to the

bedside. Helping Sasami with the switch, Ryoko said, "Sasami....can I talk

to you?"

The girl finished pulling her head through the neckhole and looked up at the

woman with wide pink eyes. "Me? Or....Tsunami?" She asked weakly.

Ryoko eased her back to the pillow and covered her up. "You." She replied

as she kissed the girls forehead. Sasami nodded and whispered, "Sure."

Ryoko sat indian style beside the bed and rested her head in her hands as
her

elbows propped her up against the bed. "If I were to....uh, leave for a
little

while...you know, on a journey....would you be sad?"

Sasami gaped at her. "Oh...Ryoko! Please don't leave me alone. I'm sorry I

got sick like this...please don't go. I'll be very sad and so will everyone

else."

Ryoko sighed and offered the girl a warm smile. "Well, what if I told you

that I lost something and I had to go find it and it required for me to

leave....for a little while. Not for good....then how would you feel?"

Sasami's bottom lip quivered and Ryoko felt for sure that she had done the

wrong thing by telling the girl because now she would surely scream her

head off and it would wake the others, who in return will ask Ryoko about it

who would then have to tell them why the sick duckling was screaming.

Instead, the young princess asked, "You're missing something? Maybe I can

help you find it."

Ryoko shook her head no. "I'd love that, Sasami....but, somehow I doubt

Ayeka would. Besides, I don't think that there is anyone who could help me

find what I'm looking for. It won't be that easy to find and I could be gone

for days, weeks or even months."

"And possibly even years, Ryoko. Please reconsider this....I don't want you

to leave me." Sasami pleaded.

Ryoko stroked the girls hair gently. "I'm afraid I have to, Sickling. This
is

something fate had planned out for me since my beginning. I don't want to

leave you or the others, believe me. But....I have to go. I'm sorry. And you

know I'd take you with me in a heartbeat....but, you're too sick."

"So wait until I'm all better." Sasami suggested tiredly. "Don't go by

yourself, Ryoko. Please..."

Ryoko frowned. "Sasami....I'll have Ryo-Ohki and I know how much you

wish for that little furball to stay here with you because she comforts you
in

your time of need...."

"Take her with you. Just don't go alone!" Sasami cut her off with her whine.

Ryoko sighed. "Ryo-Ohki will keep me company. I won't get into any

trouble...and you have to remember, this isn't the first time I've flown
solo.

All I'm asking is that you trust me, and wish me luck. And keep me in your

thoughts. Can you do that for me?"

Sasami looked as if she were about to explode. Tears were streaming down

her face as she reluctantly nodded. "Okay." She paused and then tilted her

head. "Tsunami says to try the Deltum system first. If you don't have luck

there then move on to the Quadrid One section of the Bayotu system."

Ryoko nodded her thanks and covered the girl back up.

"Ryoko?" Sasami asked, her dull eyes full of fear and wonder. "What

exactly are you looking for?"

Ryoko smiled. "Not a what, Sasami." She ruffled the girls hair and stood up

as she planted another tender kiss on the girl's forehead. "But more of a

who."

Ryoko turned a small nightlight on placed a finger to her lips. "Sleep now,

Sasami. Everything will be better in the morning."

Sasami laid her head on the pillow and gave Ryoko the weakest and yet

heartfelt smile anyone had ever given her. "Alright....Ryoko." The girl

yawned as the stuff Ryoko had put in her drink earlier started to take
effect

by putting her to sleep. "Goonight......<yawn> Ryoko."

"Goonight, Sickling. Sleep tight." Ryoko whispered as she turned to the

door.

"Ryoko....." Sasami's fatigued voice struggled to make itself audible.

"Please be careful, come back to us and remember.....I love you. We all

do...." With that said, Sasami slipped off into to sleep.

Ryoko felt her eyes water as she opened the door quietly. "I love you too,

Sasami." She closed the door behind and drifted downstairs where she

found Ryo-Ohki sitting in the lap of Washu, purring happily.

"Are you really going, Ryoko?"

Ryoko sat down and hung her head. "I have to, mom. I can't stop thinking

about him....and somehow I doubt that the little tugging in my heart will
just

disappear one day should I not go." Ryoko took a deep breath. "You do

understand, don't you? That this is something I was meant to do."

Washu nodded sadly. "Yes.....this was something you were always meant to

do. I just wish that you would have given us all a little more of a warning

before just running out on us like this."

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "But you've known all along. The

link....remember?"

"I actually overheard you talking to Sasami. I was coming up to check on

her because her heartbeat literally jumped off the scales and her brainwaves

were going haywire. A result from what you told her I suppose....but, I

couldn't help but listen to what you had to say." Washu explained calmly.

Ryoko looked away. "I.....see."

"If you must go, then you must go. I won't stop you....I can't. Oh sure I
could

get down on my hands and knees and beg and plead with you until I'm blue

in the face.....but if anyone could have stopped you from going, it would

have been Sasami. If she can't deture you....how could I?"

Ryoko looked at her mother and considered her explaination. "You'd be

surprised...."

Washu stared at her. "Does that mean I got through to you?"

Ryoko smirked. "....No. I still have to go, mom. But, I'll be back. I can't
stay

away forever, you know that. There won't be anyone here to keep Ayeka in

line or Sickling company. Besides...I'd have to come back for you sooner or

later. I doubt Tenchi would have the guts to put you in a nursing home."

Washu chuckled. "Perhaps not." She stood up and stared her daughter in the

face. Sighing deeply she embraced Ryoko and whispered, "I am going to

miss you...Ryoko. But, I know that I can't keep you here and you know I'd

do anything to make you happy......I hope you find what you're looking for."

Ryoko laid her head on Washu's shoulder and returned the hug. "Me too.

But, I won't regret going on this journey...." Ryoko's voice cracked a bit
as

she hugged her mother close to her. "Take care of him, mom. He deserves

someone who can devote their life to him. And....." Ryoko trailed off.

She picked her head and kissed her mother's cheek. "Take care of yourself.

No late night experiments, no sitting in your lab by yourself, no moping

around like the dead. Just remember that...I love you."

Washu smiled sadly. "Only if you remember that no matter where you go,

I'm always with you. Should you need me....you know where I am."

Ryoko just stood there. "Thanks mom. Oh....and could you give this to

Tenchi when he wakes up?" Ryoko asked handing her mother an envelope.

Washu took the envelope and stuck it in her pocket. "You better get a move

on. The sun will be up soon and you don't still want to be here when

everyone wakes up."

Ryoko hugged her one last time as Washu kissed her forehead. "I love you,

Little Ryoko.....Be careful!"

"I will. And I love you too." Ryoko whispered as she disappeared from the

living room with Ryo-Ohki in her arms.

Washu sighed and then headed up to Sasami's room where she found the

little girl to be fast asleep. Sitting beside the girl, Washu folded her
arms

and leaned against the bed, her head resting in the small pocket her arms

formed when crossed.

As the sun peeked through the window, Washu shed a single tear, the sun's

rays glistening off the small diamond as Washu fell asleep.

* * *

Tenchi sat up and ambled into Sasami's room where he found Washu asleep

against the bed and Sasami staring up at a metallic blue windchime with

unicorns hanging from it. The window was cracked and the warm summer

breeze played with the ceiling ornament as soothing chimes filled the air.

"Hey, Sasami. How ya doing?" Tenchi whispered.

The girl looked at him sadly. "Better...I guess. Don't let Washu catch you
in

here or she'll blow a gasket."

Tenchi nodded and turned to the door when he heard a tired voice call out to

him. "Tenchi?"

The boy spun around to see Washu staring at him, her face red and her eyes

wet with tears. "I was asked to give this to you. Perhaps you should read it

outside. Anywhere but in here is preferable." Washu suggested as she

handed him the envelope.

Tenchi's name was neatly written on the front and as he walked down the

stairs, he opened it up to withdraw a short note. He sat down on the porch

and began reading the words written onto the pale green paper.

'I came here to let you know,

That letting go....is taking place.

I have felt the winter sun, become warm and set in my face.

Isn't this what we wanted, all along? We can weather the storm...maybe

we were wrong...

But I can say good-bye, now that the passion's died.

'Till it comes so slow....of letting go.

I came here to let you know,

That letting go.....has....taken....place.'

Forgive me, Ryoko

All Tenchi could do was stare into the distance blankly, as the sun came up.

____________________________________________________________________________

Author's Note: That's it for chapter Two. Hope you enjoyed it. Please

read and review. Flame, suggest, ask questions, whatever! I don't mind.

Just email me....Arigato~