By Dawns Early Light-Chapter One

~ Always Ryoko ~

A/N: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or surrounding characters, unfortunately
AIC and Pioneer have first dibs. If I did then I wouldn’t be sitting here
all
alone wondering where in the world I’ll come up with the money to pay off
my car. And I do not own the song re-entilted, 'Always Ryoko.' The creators
of 'Life Goes On' does. Nor do I own the opening prelude the creators of
Chrono Cross do. So that’s `bout it for disclaimers. Now on to the show...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 What was the start of all this?
When did the cogs of fate begin to turn?
 Perhaps it is impossible to grasp that answer now,
From deep within the flow of time.
 But for a certainty, back then,
We loved so many, yet hated so much,
We hurt others and were hurt ourselves...
 Yet even then, we ran like the wind,
Whilst our laughter echoed,
Under cerulean skies....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


STAGE: Set in the aftermath of Tenchi OAV episode ‘Zero Ryoko’, we zoom
in on the members of the Masaki residence to find them enjoying the
company of each other during a nice quiet evening break while basking in
the setting sun....

* * *

"RYOKO?! YOU LAZY PIRATE....WHERE IN SAM HILL ARE YOU?"
Ayeka shouted as she searched the house and yard for the M.I.A'ed woman.
Tenchi shook his head as he sat back against the steps of the porch. Sasami
sat next to him and a step up, as Mihoshi stretched out under the awning.

Ayeka turned back to the porch and waved nervously.

Tenchi chuckled and waved back as Sasami giggled at her sister's antics.
Mihoshi just snored as she lightly dozed on the big porch. Ayeka turned red
as she spun back around and walked out a few feet from the porch. Stopping
suddenly, she turned back around and tilted her head upwards.

"RYOKO! YOU LAZY BUM, I KNOW THAT YOU ARE UP THERE SO
I DEMAND THAT YOU COME DOWN AT ONCE!" Ayeka's called.

She jammed her hands on her hips and tapped her left foot impatiently.
Sighing she stood on her tip-toes only to find that she couldn't see the
roof
completely. Ayeka wrinkled her nose as she shouted, "RYOKO!"

There still was no answer as Ayeka quirked an eyebrow at the others. She
once
again looked back up at the roof. "ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO ME,
DEMON? COME DOWN RIGHT NOW....LORD TENCHI HAS SOMETHING IMPORTANT HE
WANTS TO TELL US!" Ayeka hollered.

Tenchi sighed and hung his head as Ayeka sat yelling out lies to the missing

member. But...if it brought Ryoko out of hiding, Tenchi figured it was worth

it. Ever since the Zero incident two months earlier, Ryoko and Washu had
pretty much avoided each other, the family and Tenchi himself.

Tenchi began to worry as frequent seductions and experiments that were
normally conducted or tried on him, began to dwindle. Now he was
concerned, for Ryoko had even stopped greeting him in the mornings like
she had been notorious for.

And not to mention the fights between the pirate and the princess had
ceased to even start.

 That was a miracle in itself, but it still worried Tenchi greatly. It
seemed to
him, so unlike Ryoko to ignore him, Sasami's food and of course, Ayeka's
insults...but little by little, Ryoko began to shy away more everyday.

Now he sat gazing intently at Ayeka's forced insults and challenges to get
Ryoko to come down off the roof without any luck. The princess finally
gave a deep sigh and trudged back over to the porch where she sat beside
the snoring Mihoshi.

"I do not know what has come over her, Lord Tenchi. It is so...strange.
Almost un-Ryoko like to completely ignore my insults or the fact that you
wish to speak with us." Ayeka apologized stiffly.

Tenchi nodded. "It's alright, Ayeka. You tried. Thank you."

Ayeka feebly smiled at him and turned back to finish watching the sun set.

* * *

Ryoko sat on the other side of the lake, her golden eyes fixated on the
Masaki house where she could make out the forms of four figures on the
porch.

'Tenchi....' Ryoko sighed as she stuck her bare feet into the lukewarm
water.
She idly swished her feet around a bit before stopping to watch her
reflection shimmer and form on the surface of the still lake.

'Demon. Monster. Lazy. Worthless. Demon.' The words droned around in
Ryoko's mind as she remembered all the times Ayeka had used them to
insult her with. 'Demon. Monster. Lazy. Worthless. Demon....Demon.' And
of course Ayeka's favorite whenever Ryoko was with Tenchi.....

 'Demon Whore.' Ryoko thought bitterly at all the times Ayeka had referred
to her as a Demon Whore.

Ryoko took a deep breath as she gazed upon her still reflection on the
water.
She blinked her feline gold eyes, ran a hand through her unruly cyan spikes,

examined her cat like fangs and traced her oblong ears.

Ryoko made a face as she angerily rippled her reflection with a quick
movement of her hand. Her reflection....the sharp eyes of a tiger, the
untamed hair of a Gorgon, the gleaming fangs of a wild animal and the
pointy ears of a goblin, all waivered and merged together into one image.

'Demon. Monster. Lazy. Worthless. Demon.' Once again the words filtered
themselves through Ryoko's mentality. Words of pain, hatred and truth.
Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed. 'Demon Whore....' Ryoko pondered.

On any standards, Ryoko didn't consider herself to be loose or easy with any

man. But, was it possible that Ayeka's accusations of her were...true? Ryoko

shook her head. It couldn't be. It was possible, though, that maybe on Earth

her actions could be considered...lewd. But, was she.....?

Ryoko felt warm salt swells blur her vision. She glanced at her reflection
once more. Crystal tears slowly made their way down her pale face as she
took a deep breath. Her reflection...

Her golden catlike eyes, her feral spiked tresses, her razor sharp fangs,
her
cute nose, her odd shaped ears, her pale skin, her slender chin and dimples.

So much a human...and yet, so much a....

"Demon." Ryoko whispered as she disturbed the calm surface once more. "I
am nothing more than a demon...a worthless being in a cruel world." Ryoko
said more to herself than anyone. She felt another tear slide down her cheek

and drip from her chin, it's small force making small ripples in the water.

Ryoko closed her eyes and felt the fading warmth of the sun upon her back
and the cool summer breeze that whispered through the cattails, grass and
trees softly caress her distraught figure as it passed over the field and
lake.

Ryoko held her breath as she felt something warm and soft gently brush
across her face. Ryoko quickly opened her eyes, her head shooting up
expecting to see someone wiping the tears from her face. She blinked and
tilted her head when she saw that she was as alone now as she was before.

Ryoko frowned and adverted her gaze to the mirrored glass of the lake.
Ryoko's eyes widened as she saw an image from her past appear as the
ripples ceased to moved across the water's surface.

Leaning over for a closer look she saw a young girl no older than 14
sitting beside a lake's edge, her eyes red and her face streaked with wet
tears.

The girl sniffled and turned her head up to steal a comforting glance at the

stars overhead. The girl sighed as fresh tears washed her already dampened
face.

The girl's long cyan hair flitted with the breeze as her gold eyes glazed
over
with her salty emotions. Turning to face the lake, the girl quickly slapped
the water without hesitation as she muttered, "Stupid reflection....that's
not
how I look at all. It's not the real me."

"Reflections never lie, Ryoko." A mature voice assured.

The girl lifted her head to see a young woman standing before her, her body
being outlined by the moon's light. Her hair was long and wild, her eyes
catlike and loving, her smile warm and comforting.

The woman's black dress billowed around her slim figure and she absently
hugged her arms as her sleeves swayed in the breeze. Her hair swept behind
her back and waivered on the wind as it passed through. The woman
shivered once and smiled sadly at the girl beside the lake.

"Please come inside, Ryoko." The woman asked softly. "A storm is on it's
way and it is beginning to get chilly. Come inside before you catch a cold."


Ryoko stubbornly shook her head no and replied, "I refuse to go into the
same room as that backstabbing, lying little prick."

The woman sighed. "Ryoko...please. I don't feel like argueing with you
tonight. Just please...come back inside before you get sick."

Ryoko turned her back to the woman as she felt fresh tears trek their way to

her chin. Her shoulders shook from her light sobbing as she buried her face
in her hands. "How....could he do that me? I, really thought that he liked
me.
Why do things always have to turn out this way?....I wanna go home!"

The woman frowned at the girl's confession. Shaking her head, she
sauntered over to the girl and placing her hand on her chin, tilted Ryoko's
head up so she could gaze at her. "Sweetie....what happened? You were so
excited about this dance...." The woman spoke tenderly.

Ryoko closed her eyes. "Remember when I told you that Rett asked me to
the dance?...Well, he didn't meet me by the entrance hall like we had
agreed.
Instead...he showed up here with Salina!" Ryoko exclaimed. "He came with
her...not me. It was a cruel joke someone dared him to pull."

The woman stared at Ryoko worriedly. "Rett built me up and then knocked
me down. I was just some dare. When I confronted him about it...he laughed
at me and said that he'd never go out with a monster like me!" Ryoko
mumbled. She shifted her gaze to the lake.

"He then insulted me by saying that I was nothing but worthless
trash.....much like...yourself." Ryoko added hesitantly.

Ryoko paused. "I know I shouldn't have....but, he just made me so mad
when he said that you were trash that...I....that I.....punched him. Hard."
Ryoko looked at the woman. "Mom...I'm so sorry...but, he didn't have the
right to say those things about you."

Ryoko started crying again as her mother held her tight. "Shhh, it's okay
Ryoko. People who say things like that behind another person's back are just

self-concious of themselves. Rett is only acting on his pride and ego...much

like his parents. Don't let it get to you....I don't."

"I know, mom. But....he said I was a joke. Everyone in there is laughing at
me because I was an idiot and let myself fall for a cute guy. I never should

have agreed to coming to this stupid dance in the first place." Ryoko
trailed
off. "Don't know why I even come to school...I'm nothing but a big joke."

Her mother gave her a light shake. "I don't ever want to hear those words
come out of your mouth again, Ryoko. Understand? What Rett and the other
kids say about you isn't true. They are as much a joke as they claim you to
be, if not bigger ones. They only do it to make themselves look better."

Ryoko chewed her bottom lip as her mother said, "It doesn't matter what
you look like, how you act or even think. You are my daughter....and that's
all that matters. You are beautiful outside as well as in...and don't let
anyone
ever tell you differantly. You're not a monster, demon or a joke..."

The woman rubbed her thumb over her daughter's tears and embraced her.
"You are and always will be, Ryoko Hakubi. You are my pride and joy, my
precious meaning to life and key to my happiness. I love you....and if no
one
can ever admit their love to you...then know that, you'll always have me."

Ryoko wrapped her arms around her mother's waist as she cried herself out.
When Ryoko's tears had dried, her mother wrapped an arm around her waist
and chimed, "What do you say we go home? Grab some cokes, popcorn and
a movie on the way and enjoy a nice quiet evening together?"

Ryoko gave her mother an approving nod and stated, "Only if I can get
some Gummyworms...!" Her mother chuckled as she swung her daughter
onto her back and walked away from the eventful dance at the school, she
smiling and her piggyback laden daughter, absently staring at the stars.

* * *

Ryoko shook her head and cleared her visison by blinking a few times. She
sat back and returned her tired eyes to the smooth surface of the lake.

There was no past memory hiding among the ripples, no illuminted water
from the moon, no twinkling stars. And no tears.

Ryoko reached up and dabbed at her face to find it was soaking wet aling
with her dresss and hair. She turned her wet face up to the sky to see
threatening strom clouds and the occasional bolt of bright lightening.

Fat little raindrops pelted Ryoko's face and chest, the droplets splattering

against her with a soft 'pattering' noise.

Ryoko closed her eyes as she felt a warm raindrop trickle down her face to
the corner of her mouth. Ryoko sighed, a slight salty taste lingering on her

tongue as more warm raindrops made their way down her cheeks. Ryoko
licked her lips. Not warm raindrops....but salty tears.

Something warm once again brushed across Ryoko's face and this time
when she opened her eyes, she jumped back with surprise to see someone
kneeling in front of her, their thumb gently wipping away her tears.

"Please Ryoko....won't you come inside? You'll catch cold out here in this
rain."

Ryoko frowned as she pulled away from the person. "What are you doing
way out here?" Ryoko asked suddenly as she adverted her gaze to the rain
soaked grass.

The other person wrinkled their nose. "I'd like to ask you the same thing.
However...I'm willing to give you the benefit of a doubt. You know, to go
out on a limb here and assume that your intentions of sitting like a wet
duck
here in the rain, are good." The person replied hopefully.

Ryoko hung her head as the person nodded. "Thought so. Come on, let's go
inside, okay? Everyone is worried sick about you, you know."

Ryoko cocked her head. "I could say much the same about you."

The other person remained quiet. "Yeah, well pity towards myself is not the
issue here. Tenchi's been wondering where you have been. You don't wake
him in the mornings, you haven't tried seducing him lately. Nor have you
once contributed to one of Ayeka's fights. He's really worried about you."

Ryoko snorted. "At least there is one person who's concerned about my
well-being....I'm glad that he feels that way, but why should I care? No one

cares. I'm just a lazy, worthless, demon monster who's waiting to poke
Tenchi's eyes out and use them as jelly for my toast. I have no
feelings...."

Ryoko rose to her feet. "No emotions, no friends, no family.....no nothing!
I'm just a piece of trash....like a broken toaster waiting to be thrown into
the
scrape pile. Hell...that's probably where I belong seeing as I'm not human.
My body isn't made up of flesh, blood, veins. I have no mind, no...heart"

The other person backed away angerily. "Don't say THAT!" She screamed.
Ryoko recoiled at the woman's brashness but stood her ground.

"Don't say what?! That I'm nothing special? I don't belong here, I don't
deserve to live? No wait....I don't live, breath air or die like a human.
I'm a
programmed machine. A prototype designed to obey, kill or be killed. I'd
rather be a piece of metal than someone dubbed as a Demon Whore!"

Ryoko took a deep breath after her released anger at the other woman who
remained still, quiet and listening the whole time Ryoko vented her anger
and frustration on her. Ryoko slumped forward. "I'm sorry...I shouldn't have

yelled at you. This isn't your fault, okay? You didn't do anything wrong."

The woman frowned. "That's where you are wrong...Ryoko. You're right, I
didn't do anything....and that's why I relive this guilt trip everyday. None
of
this would have happened had I of done something. It is my fault....it's my
fault that this happened to you. That....you feel the way you feel....."

She trailed off as she stared at the constant rippling of the lake. "It's my
fault
for the way you feel now. About....everything. Yourself, your self-esteem,
your reason of being alive, your frustrations, your hurts...Your
disapponment when Tenchi ignores you....the way you feel about....myself."

Ryoko spun around and gazed at the woman as her shoulders shook lightly.
Ryoko swore under her breath as she sauntered up beside the sobbing
woman. Placing a hand on her shoulder, Ryoko said, "Hey-come on. I'm not
blaming you. No one is, no one ever will. This was never part of the plan."

"The plan?" The woman asked curiously.

Ryoko nodded. "Yes. Your plan of being able to have someone to love. I
turned my back on you, when I should have been reassuring you, comforting
you and being there for you when you started feeling like this was all your
fault. You....were there for me when I felt the world saw me as a joke...."

The woman glanced at Ryoko who continued, "But, you were there to help
me see my ways of denial. And hatred for the things I knew and grown up
with. People who....talked behind my back because they were afraid of me.
And, you were there to show me what was right and wrong...to guide me."

Ryoko wrinkled her nose as the rain began to fall harder upon the two
women. Ryoko shivered lightly and hugged her arms to keep warm as the
other woman just stood motionless. Ryoko tilted her head to the surface of
the lake, her eyes staring at her broken reflection on the mirrored glass.

"Do you ever wonder how our lives would be had you never created me?"
Ryoko questioned sullenly.

The other woman sighed. "No. While, if possible, I may decide against
bringing you into this world for the better part of my judement because of
what would eventually happen to us....I never ponder on my past decisions. I

have no regretss, Ryoko. None what so ever....except for your fate."

Ryoko quirked an eyebrow. "So...if given the chance you wouldn't create me
because of what Kagato does? You would never be curious about how much
trouble, love or attention you'd be getting from a little rugrat like
myself?
And you'd never wonder how our lives would pan out?" Ryoko inquiried.

"Although I might have found myself wondering why I never gave my heart
a chance....the hurt and heartache of losing the most precious thing to me,
would eventually drive me insane. I wouldn't be able to handle it, again.
Having lost a child and knowing I would lose another....is not desirable."

Ryoko smirked. "Yeah....I guess being a loved and adored child and then
knowing that one day without warning I'd become some maniac's killing
machine....I'd probably do it all over again. I wouldn't be where I am today

without that event in time. I'd have never known Yosho or the others...or"

The woman cocked her head and waited for Ryoko to say 'Tenchi', but the
boys name never came. Instead Ryoko quoted, "Had I never come to Earth,
had I never fallen into Kagato's hands...had you never considered creating
me.....then I wouldn't be who I am today...without you, I wouldn't be at
all."

The woman was fighting back tears as raindrops continued to fall with a
steady 'pitter' against the lake, and the two of them. She finally smiled
and
extended an arm which Ryoko gratefully slipped into as she embraced the
crying woman. "I'm sorry I ran and pushed you away." Ryoko said.

The woman nodded. Ryoko sighed and went on. "I just needed some time to
sort myself out. And I thank you for being patient with me....mom. You
know, a wise woman once told me that if I never found someone willing to
return my love, that I'd always have her...." Ryoko cut herself off.

Glancing at the woman she finished by saying, "I wonder if that wise
woman knows that, through all her heartache and past pains, that she always
had my love.....a bond between a mother and daughter that is unconditional
and never broken. I just hoped that I could have told her sooner."

The womaan chuckled and hugged Ryoko closer to her as she stroked her
cyan hair. "I'm sure she's known that all along, Ryoko. But...it makes her
feel better knowing that you can admit to that. It makes her very happy,
indeed."

Ryoko giggled. "I'm soooo sure. Say.....mom...?" Ryoko asked in a sly
voice. "What are we going to do now? I mean, since we've sorted through
our problems and back....what's going to happen?"

Her mother stopped short and smiled. "Well...we can always just sit out here

and catch our deaths....or we can head back to the house, make some
popcorn, grab some cokes and watch a good movie. I do believe that, that
new film...'What Lies Beneath' is playing on one of the special channels."

Ryoko pondered it over before rising to the offer. "Only if I can have some
Gummyworms."

Her mother made a face. "I think I may still have a bag of them stashed
away in my lab, somewhere. We can always loo..."

"UGH! No way. Those things have got to be at least a couple of millennia
old. Ewww, no thanks." Ryoko declined.

Her mother chuckled. "I'm just joking. I think I saw some hidden in the back

of the snack cabinet in the kitchen. Start your search there, okay?"

Ryoko whistled. "What do you do, snoop around Tenchi's house going
through every cabinet, drawer and room you come across?"

"As if...."

Ryoko sighed as she and her mother came across the path that lead to the
shrine. Something crossed Ryoko's mind as she slyly turned to her mother.
"Hey, mom? Do you remember the old days whenever we'd go out for walks
like this?" Ryoko quizzed.

"Yes. We usually made it halfway back before you became tired and I had to
resort in carrying you on my back." Her mother smiled sadly. "Those were
the good ole days, huh Ryoko?" She turned to see Ryoko grinning at her.

"Who says that they have to be like old days? Why can't they be memorable
milestones of the lives we lead now?" Ryoko suggested.

Her mother shook her head. "No. You're to big. You're a grown woman,
Ryoko. You can walk, your legs are perfectly fine. NO!"

Ryoko clasped her hands in front of her and gave her mother the biggest
Bambi eyes she could possibly muster as she pleaded, "Pleeeeaasssseee?!"

Ryoko kept her act up for another two minutes before her mother finally
gave in. "Alright fine! But one ride. Besides.....you still act the part of
a
child."

Ryoko ignored her as she carefully and gracefully climbed upon her
mother's back with ease. "I'm not to heavy for you?" Ryoko asked.

Her mother's shoulders shook with laughter. "Get one thing straight, Ryoko.
No matter how old you are, or how fat you may get....I will always be able
to give you piggyback rides."

Ryoko giggled freely as her mother walked down the path without any
problems. Her mother was smiling happily as Ryoko had her head turned
upwards, her golden feline eyes enthralled with the lightning show.

* * *

Tenchi couldn't sleep. He glanced at his alarm clock and groaned. It was
only 1:20.....in the morning! He stared up at his ceiling as his room lit up

from the lightning that ensued outside his house. Seeing as he couldn't
sleep, Tenchi got up and crossed his room to the large window.

Pulling a single curtain drape back, he scimmed the horizon and night sky
with his brown eyes. As another flash of bright white light lit up the whole

area, he saw a figure running around in the field below. Taking a closer
look
under another flash of lightning, Tenchi thought he could make out Washu.

She was tall and apparently laughing at something and he finally concluded
that it was indeed Washu in her adult form. He squinted again as he saw a
strange figure looming over the scientist. Tenchi opened the window to
warn the woman when he was greeted by waves of joyous laughter.

Tenchi relaxed as he recognized the laughter of Ryoko. His eyes adjusted to
see that the space pirate was perched on Washu's back as the scientist ran
around the yard in the pouring rain. Tenchi shook his head and chuckled at
the sight. It was obvious that they were going to be okay.

Tenchi gazed at Ryoko from his window and smiled. He was glad that she
was back and safe and sound. In the couple of months that she had avoided
the family, Tenchi slowly felt his feelings for her change and then one day
he just couldn't imagine waking up without her there with him.

Ayeka must have sensed Tenchi's change of heart because she no longer
flung herself upon him in a flirtasious way whenever Ryoko wasn't around.
The princess could feel that Tenchi was drifting away, and she herself felt
that maybe it was for the best that it end this way.

Ryoko would be happy to hear that she had finally won the dispute on who
was meant to be with their dear Tenchi. She'd most likely rub her victory in

Ayeka's face, but the princess was willing to give her benefit of the doubt.

Tenchi blinked his eyes as he saw Ryoko slide from Washu's back to chase
her around the yard laughing. Washu was laughing as well as she ran from
her drenched daughter through the mud, puddles and freezing rain.

Smiling to himself, he leaned against the window seal on his elbows and
watched as the mother-daughter duo suddenly fell face first into the mud.
Washu turned over on her back and laughed wildly as she struggled to free
herself from Ryoko's onslaught of tickling as she was pinned to the ground.

Tenchi felt his heart flutter as he continued to observe the two women, his
thoughts on Ryoko who was quickly overtaken by her mother who suddenly
jumped to her feet and made a fast getaway to the house. Ryoko yelled with
surprise as she phased after Washu, mud dripping from her face.

Closing his window, Tenchi sat down at his desk and turned the small lamp
on, the light casting a soft yellow glow across the surface of his desk and
onto his floor. He pulled a sheet of paper from a drawer and grabbed his
pencil as he began scribbling something down on the little blue lines.

Half an hour later, Tenchi stretched back, his chair sitting on it's back
legs.
He yawned and stood up, the notebook paper in his hand. Carefully tucking
the paper into an envelope, Tenchi crept out into the hall and down to
Ryoko's room. He paused for a minute as he strained to hear the silence.

There was the soft snoring coming from Mihoshi's room, a relieved sigh
from the princesses room and from downstairs, he could just make out the
sound of someone talking on the television. He heard a muffled giggle and
let his breath out as he made his way to Ryoko's room.

He quietly opened the door and looked around before stepping inside. He
searched the room and frowned. There were no pictures on the walls or the
dresser. There were no curtains on the window, nor was there a blanket on
the bed...just a single blue sheet of a bed set.

Tenchi sighed inwardly as he gently placed the envelope on the ratty pillow
that rested on the bed. Something under the pillow captured his attention
and he slowly lifted the case of feathers to find an old and worn out baby
blanket bunched up in hiding. Tenchi tilted his head at it and picked it up.

It was pale yellows, pinks, blues, greens and purples and it was decorated
with a border of Alphabet blocks, ducks and teddy bears. Tenchi smiled as
he realized that this must have been a blanket that Ryoko had as a baby. In
the middle of the blanket was a faded picture that had been transfered on.

Shaking his head, Tenchi took a deep breath as his eyes swept over the
smiling face of a tired Washu who was holding a newborn infant in her
arms. Looking closer, Tenchi could see that the picture hadn't been taken in

a lab, but more of a place that resembled a hospital room.

'So then what Washu told us was true. She really is Ryoko's mother.' Tenchi
thought happily. 'All this time we thought Ryoko had been created in a lab
and it turns out that she was indeed born like a normal child.' Tenchi
stifled
a chuckle as he thought, 'She was even bald like a normal baby.'

Putting the blanket away, Tenchi returned the pillow and envelope to their
spots and silently shuffled back to his room where he soon fell asleep, his
dreams filled with tonight's events and revelations.

* * *

Ryoko yawned and rubbed her eyes as she closed her bedroom door behind
her. She cracked her neck as she turned tired eyes to the small clock on her

nightstand that read '5:45am.' She wrinkled her nose at the time but felt a
smile come to her lips despite her tiredness.

She had allowed Washu to talk her into another movie after they watched
'What Lies Beneath.' So, they had decided on watching 'Dracula: Dead and
Loving It' followed by the ever romantic 'Somewhere In Time.' Ryoko
sighed as she recalled that last movie. 'What I'd give to have a man like
that.'

Walking over to her dresser, she opened a drawer and pulled a small contact
case from it's depths. Looking around, Ryoko carefully pulled two clear
contacts from her eyes.

Blinking rapidly she wrinkled her nose. 'If that Ayeka ever found out about
this, she'd never let me live it down.' Ryoko sighed. Staring at her golden
eyes, Ryoko frowned. Her eyes....the one true defect of her body. Ryoko
glanced at the window to see the fuzzy outline of the pane.

To Ryoko, being nearsighted was a dream come true. It proved that she did
have some human traits about herself. One being her slight blindness, a
result of the battle 700 years ago with Yosho. She guessed that it had
something to do with the amount of energy he used during their fight....

And the fact that Sword Tenchi had emitted a really bright light that
stopped
Ryoko in her tracks. It was then that she noticed everything was blurry in
the distance. She tried refocusing her vision, but had no luck.

Both Ryoko and Yosho knew that had the light not affected her vision,
Yosho would be dead and Ryoko would have gone on being Kagato's slave.
Neither the pirate nor the prince would admit to the truth of the outcome on

that battle....both in fear of being looked down upon for their weaknessess.

She also came to realize that when Kagato found her and took her away
from Tenchi, that the battle that ensued in the end, had also left her with
more damage than before. And then once Washu came into the circle, the
woman had asked Ryoko about it, but Ryoko refused to talk.

It finally came to the point that Ryoko had trouble reading anything that
was
placed before her. So she swallowed her pride and went to Washu for help.
While the scientist offered to reconstruct her daughter's eyes, Ryoko
declined. Her blindness was a miracle and proof of her normalacy.

Washu had said she understood and instead of reconstruction or laser
treatment, offered Ryoko the suggestion of corrective eyewear. Ryoko was
ecstatic the day that Washu handed over the contacts and glasses. Washu
said the glasses were for her to wear when alone, in case this was a secret.

Ryoko had enjoyed the fact that she was able to develope human symptoms
much like anyone else...but, in the end she had kept it hidden for fear that

she'd be teased and mocked. Especially by Ayeka. So, Ryoko stuck to
contacts during the day and glasses when needed, at night.

Ryoko was also sure that the other members inside the Masaki household,
often wondered what could possess Ryoko to willingly go to Washu's lab
every month. But, she didn't care. And every month she'd head to the lab for

a checkup and a new pair of contacts while the others sat in puzzlement.

Ryoko shook her head as she slipped on a small pair of frames, her vision
clearing up and allowing her to see. Glancing over at her bed, she spotted
the envelope, her eyebrows both knitted in confusion. Ryoko shuffled over
to the bed as she replaced her damp outfit with dry clothes.

She carefully scanned her bedroom to find that she was alone. Reassuring
herself, Ryoko picked the envelope up and tore the edge of it open. She
withdrew a sheet of paper and smiled as a familiar scent wafted to her nose.

She smirked as she unfolded the paper, sat down on the bed and read it.

'There's a rainbow at night. She is fire on ice. She's a day in the dark.
She's the love, inside my heart...It's always Ryoko. She's the one that I
need. She's the lucky star that guides me, 'cause the midnight needs a
dream. It's always Ryoko. She's the one that I need. She's the lucky star
who guides me, when the midnight needs a dream...It's always Ryoko.'

Ryoko felt her face flush with embaressment. 'Tenchi.' She thought as she
folded the paper back over. 'Is this how he sees me? Or....could it just be
another joke?' Ryoko wondered to herself as she rose to her feet and moved
to the window.

She watched the lightining put itself on display for a few moments before
glancing back at the paper in her hand. Perhaps, if Tenchi saw her as all
those things, then maybe she was human afterall. Sighing deeply, she
watched the dim rays of the sun creep up on the horizon.

Smiling, she closed her eyes as she felt the warm sun on her face. "Perhaps,

with the dawn's early light, Tenchi....I will be able to see myself as these

things too. Until then....sweet dreams."
___________________________________________________________________________

Author's Note: That's it for chapter One. Hope you enjoyed it. Please
read and review. Flame, suggest, ask questions, whatever! I don't mind.
Just email me....Arigato~