By Dawns Early Light-Chapter Four

~ Not What She Expected ~

A/N: I've said it before and I'll say it again. I DO NOT OWN TENCHI MUYO OR
SURROUNDING CHARACTERS! AIC and Pioneer have claims to any and every
character known in the Tenchi world, that we as insane insomniacs know
about. Any character hearby created that you know is not in Manga or Anime
shows of Tenchi Muyo belong to me! I also do not own the songs below. Call
the Man was written by: Andy Hill and Pete Sinfield and Fly was written by
Jean-Jacques Goldman and Phil Galdston. Both are sung by Celine Dion. So
don't sue me, please! Chow....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

STAGE: Traveling across the universe, we meet up with Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko who
have made it back to their home planet, Aldebaron. Searching for her lost
love, Ryoko comes across some old acquaintances, who give her the lowdown of
her old gang and friends alike. Being pointed into the right direction,
Ryoko sets off for Vega where it's rumored that the one she searches for
resides. However, along the way she encounters hostile bounty hunters of the
sort, offering a fight she never asked for....

* * *

Ryoko's head throbbed and her eyes burned. Taking a deep breath to help ease
the pain, she cracked her eyes open. Instantly shutting them to keep out the
blinding light, Ryoko rolled over.

Reaching out with her hand, she felt something soft underneath her.
'Blankets?' Ryoko wondered as she felt the softness of a bed holding her. 'A
bed?...Not what I was expecting.' Ryoko told herself as she tried opening
her eyes again.

Forcing her eyes to take the bright light, she focused her line of sight to
see that she being held in a fairly nice room from the looks of it. A soft
humming noise greeted her and she could feel a slight movement from around
her.

'I'm on a ship...But it's not Ryo-Ohki.' Ryoko told herself as she sat up.

"It seems like 'Medusa' has decided to grace us with her presence boys." A
deep voice chimed from a corner of the room.

Ryoko faced the voice to see a group of guys staring a her. All three wore
matching uniforms of greens, golds and blues. A crest of three moons
overlapping a large V on the left breast of their uniform signified that
they Vega's National Guards.

Ryoko gulped. "I demand that you release me at once. You have no right to
treat an innocent bystander this way."

A man laughed. "Innocent bystander? You? Hardly."

The other two laughed as the third went on. "You, Space Pirate Ryoko, have
violated our treaty with Jurai stating that 'On no terms, shall the Space
Pirate Ryoko exceed or be allowed access into the Bayotu System or hear by
any Quadrants located inside the territory.' Have you anything to say?"

Ryoko snorted. "I haven't ever heard of that law passed by Jurai. Nor do I
think that it exists. I happen to live with First Crown Princess Ayeka and
she has never mentioned this stupid treaty between your government and
Jurai's. I think you're lying." Ryoko flung back with venom.

The leader turned red. "Are you callin' me a liar?"

"What if I am? You can't possibly take me on!" Ryoko growled as she crossed
her arms. "Let me go now and I'll let you live."

There was laughter as Ryoko stated her warning to the three guards. The man
in charge advanced to the bedside. "Listen here little missy, you ain't
goin' nowheres...you see this ship? It's equipped for holding demon sluts
like yourself."

Ryoko's anger flared as she hastily grabbed the man by the neck. "No one
calls me a slut or a demon and gets away with it." Ryoko seethed as she
hovered above the air, the man's feet idly kicking the air for escape.

Ryoko's hand tightened around the man's fat neck as her eyes held all the
anger and hurt from her past 2,000 years. Furling her lips up to show her
fangs, Ryoko threw the man against the far wall. Turning around to face the
other two she asked, "You want a piece of me?"

Both guards pulled out their weapons. One a blaster, the other a triton much
like the one associated with Poseidon. Ryoko tilted her head. "You expect to
take me down with such useless toys...?"

Both men were trembling but brave nonetheless, Ryoko had to give them that
much credit. As she moved forward, she felt something wrap itself around her
shoulders. Glancing down, she saw the hairy arm of the leader trying to hold
her back.

Ryoko's lips curled up as she sank her fangs into the man's flesh. He let
out a sharp shout as he quickly grabbed Ryoko's hair with his free hand.
Ryoko yelped and tried teleporting but found her powers to be useless.
Cursing under her breath, Ryoko twisted free and landed a punch to the man's
nose.

He stumbled back as Ryoko launched herself at him. There was a sudden jerk
of the ship and Ryoko felt herself hit her hands and knees. Waiting for the
pain to pass, she never even heard the other two guards rush her.

All she felt was a searing pain lance through her back. Fire spread rapidly
through her body and then to her to chest as she felt a sharp object
protrude from her front with a sickening rip. Turning pain filled eyes
downwards, she saw the spear point of the triton sticking out of her chest.

Blood seeped through her shirt as the triton was ripped from her body. Ryoko
cried out in pain as everything closed in on her. Tears formed in her eyes
and the last thing she remembered hearing before she hit the floor was,
"Take her inside and lock her up. Make sure she get's what she deserves."

Upon hearing the command, Ryoko blacked out, her life slipping through her
fingers.

* * *

Washu gasped and quickly grabbed her chest as she hit the floor. Sitting on
weak knees, she used her left arm to hold herself up as her right hand was
pressed firmly above her breasts. Wincing in pain, she felt a terrible pain
sweep through her veins and flesh.

"WASHU!" Sasami cried as she saw the woman fall forward.

Moments later when Tenchi, Ayeka and Katsuhito had arrived to see what the
commotion was, they saw Washu on the floor struggling to breath. Her face
was turning blue as her lungs constricted violently.

Katsuhito knelt beside the woman and placed a hand on her back. "Washu? What
is it? What's the matter?" He asked calmly.

The scientist shook her head slowly. Taking a deep breath, Washu lifted her
eyes to meet the old man's gaze. She mouthed something before screwing her
eyes shut. Washu felt her scream penetrate her ears as the fire ripped
through her body savagely.

Then without warning, it disappeared mysteriously just as it had come.
Washu's eyes had tears of pain in them as she caught her breath. Closing her
eyes, she passed out on the floor.

* * *

'Where am...I?'

Silence.

It was all around her as she fought to wake up. 'Mother...?'

There was no answer. 'Ryo-Ohki?'

Still the silence answered her fearful pleas. 'Somebody? Anybody? Please,
answer me.'

The black void that surrounded her kept her isolated from the real world as
she hung suspended in the abyss.

Reaching out with her mind, she shouted, 'TENCHI!'

* * *

'TENCHI!'

"Huhn?" Tenchi's head came up and he quickly looked around the room. Washu
lay motionless on a bed as Sasami sat huddled up against Ayeka on the other.
Katsuhito was crouched beside Washu, a cool and damp clothe resting on her
forehead. Mihoshi....was nowhere to be seen.

Tenchi remembered that the woman was out patrolling and his father was at
work. So, who was it who had called out to him...?

"Lord Tenchi? Is something the matter?" Ayeka asked worriedly as she noticed
his face and eyes.

He turned his brown eyes to the princess. "Oh, uh...no. I just thought I
heard someone calling my name. I'm fine, thank you."

Ayeka reluctantly nodded and turned back to comforting her sister.

Tenchi turned his gaze back to the setting sun outside the window as he
closed his eyes. 'Strange....it sounded like Ryoko was calling out to me.'

* * *

Fate had mercy on her. That much she was sure of, as she slowly opened one
eye. She saw nothing but black.

Dark.

Her mind quickly assessed her where abouts.

The cave....?

Both of her dull eyes sparked to life at the answer and she absently flung
herself away from the spot she laid in only to collide with something hard.

Stumbling back, she fell on her butt and allowed her eyes to clear up.

They never did.

Ryoko swore as she rubbed her eyes harshly to try and regain her vision. She
had no luck. Hanging her head, she sighed in defeat as she tried to decipher
where, exactly that it was she was at. Looking around, she frowned.

'A cell.' She answered herself as she pulled her weak body onto the provided
cot hanging from the wall. Sitting up against the wall, she shivered from
the cold dampness the cell had to offer.

In the distance, her keen sense of hearing picked up some faint footsteps
and then, "Captain, sir. The general wishes to have an audience with the
Space Pirate Ryoko."

Ryoko's eyes widened with fear as the footsteps came closer to her cell
door. Finally the heavy steel door was unlocked and opened and a uniformed
guard stepped inside.

"Ryoko." He called gruffly.

Ryoko lifted her head with pain. She gave the man a pitiful glance and then
turned her head. "Yes."

"Your presence is requested with the general. Let's go." He said as he
grabbed her arm.

To Ryoko's surprise, his grip was not firm or painful but gentle and caring.
She tilted her head back to see that his face held no expression at all as
he led her from her cell. Ryoko fought to keep her stride equal to his but
found that she was still to weak.

The guard obviously noticed her efforts because he slowed his pace and
allowed her to get used to the weight on her legs before moving. Ryoko gave
him a thankful smile and a nod in return as she was led down the dank
corridor to where a prestigious guard waited for their return.

Ryoko sighed as she felt herself being handed over. Looking over her
shoulder, she saw the guard give her the most sympathetic smile ever
attempted. Ryoko smiled back at him sadly as the door closed behind her.

She soon found herself being led into a large briefing room of some sort. A
long table rested in the middle of the room and in the far corner hung a
projection screen along with a slate board.

Ryoko was shoved into a chair and she turned her head up to give the man a
glare. The man just ignored her. Ryoko was getting irate when an older
gentleman waltzed into the room and took a seat at the other side of the
table.

He pulled a pair of reading glasses out his coat pocket and put them on as
his hands reached for a folder. Flipping to a page, he cleared his throat
and skimmed the papers inside. He sighed and set the folder down in front of
him.

"...Ryoko Hakubi. You do know that you are in violation of section codes
855748...the one stating that you aren't allowed inside the Bayotu System?"

Ryoko looked up and squinted at the man to get a better look of him. "No
sir, I did not. Statute of Limitations declared me a free person 4 months
ago and ever since then, I've been living on Earth. How could I?"

The man nodded. "Then...you don't deny resisting arrest?"

"Resisting? You bet your sweet ass I resisted! This system is full of shit
and so is your government. I know for a fact that, that law of yours stating
that I'm not allowed access inside this damn system is a false amendment."

The man stared at Ryoko. "And how did you come to that conclusion, Miss.
Hakubi?"

Ryoko scoffed at him. "You want me to prove it?! I suggest, general, that
you find someway to prove that your treaty is true. You see, I have
connections with Jurai's Empire. Such as, I live with Princess Ayeka and
Sasami. Tell me how come I haven't heard of this treaty before, hmm?"

The general recoiled. "Yes, well unless the Princesses Ayeka and Sasami
directly know of Emperor Azusa's laws and treaties, then I suggest you keep
your tongue in check."

Ryoko glared at him, her eyes burning with hatred and anger.

"Ryoko Hakubi, you are sentenced to execution by dawn's first light for one,
the refusal to obey a guard. Two, resisting arrest and three, assaulting an
officer." The general announced curtly.

"ASSAULTING AN OFFICER?!" Ryoko shouted as she rose to her feet. The guard
behind her tried to make her sit down, but Ryoko shoved him aside and went
after the general. Grabbing the man by the collar of his jacket, she
threatened, "Release me or I swear to Tsunami that I'll k...GAWH!"

Ryoko dropped him as she felt a familiar pain resurface. A searing fire
spread back over her chest from where Ryoko had been impaled by that guard.
Ryoko fell to her knees as the general stood over her, his anger venting in
his black eyes.

Ryoko glared at him and was rewarded with a quick slap that snapped her neck
back receiving a loud 'pop.' Flinching, she hung her head as the general
said, "Take care of her and then schedule her execution."

"Yes, Sir!"

Ryoko heard the fading footsteps of the general as the guard grabbed her
roughly and drug her from the room.

* * *

Washu slowly sat up to see the rising sun in the window. Rubbing her tired
green eyes, she glanced around her to find that she was in Ayeka and
Sasami's room and that the little princess was gone.

Washu quickly threw the covers back and stood up as the door swung open to
expose an aproned Sasami. "Washu...you're awake!"

Washu spun around in surprise. "Sasami! What are you doing up?!"

The little girl giggled. "I'm all better now, Washu." She suddenly frowned.
"You've been out for a week. Are you okay?"

"Out for a week?" Washu questioned. "Sasami, what are you talking about?"

The young princess took a deep breath. "Don't you remember last week?
You...fell over with a pain in your chest. We were so worried about you and
then you passed out. You've been asleep since last Thursday."

Washu gulped. She shook her head. "I...see. I'm okay. I think it was just a
really bad case of heartburn or something. Tenchi's cooking wasn't all that
great."

Sasami chuckled but still felt concern for the older woman. "Then maybe you
should skip breakfast. And take something if you start feeling bad again."

Washu nodded and hurriedly headed to her lab, passing the blonde and Ayeka
on the way.

"Washu?" Ayeka asked as the scientist slammed the lab door shut behind her.

* * *

Ryoko felt herself slide across the cold floor and hit a wall. Grunting
slightly, she remained still. The cell door was closed and locked and then
darkness set in again.

Ryoko finally hugged her knees to her as she curled up into a ball to keep
warm. Dawn was another five hours away.

Ryoko cried. She had five hours to live, and still there was so much she had
left undone.

Things like...finding Hiroki. Keeping her promise to Ariana and Marin.
Learning how to cook, sew and be a good friend. She hadn't told her mother
that she loved her when they last talked. Nor would she be making good on
her promise to Sasami. And she never told Tenchi how she really felt.

Her life was technically over, and she had failed in making a life for
herself. In making a good name that she could be proud of. Of seeing another
sunset by the lake with her family.

As her tears came more steadily, Ryoko found herself wishing that she had
never come on this one way death trip. Washu had begged her not to come, and
Hikage had warned her. But, she had refused their advice and now she would
pay the ultimate price for her obstinate ways.

She would die by dawns early light, and there was nothing she could do.

She had tried calling out to Ryo-Ohki and Washu, but she had no luck in
reaching either of them. She was alone now. Neither her mother or companion
could offer her comfort and support and Ryoko needed it now more than ever.

Shivering fiercely, she tried to sleep. Her last night alive, she was all
alone and cold. She knew she would not have a good nights rest but, it
didn't matter. By morning she wouldn't have day to waste her energy on
anyway.

Hugging her arms, she struggled to keep warm...but she would have preferred
to have froze to death than to be hung, burned or stoned. Whatever they had
planned for her, Ryoko was sure that freezing to death was a much better way
to go.

She closed her eyes and drowned out all the noises around her as she
re-thought her life over in her mind. She was so wrapped up in her thoughts
that she never heard the cell door open or the footsteps that quietly crept
to her side as someone draped a blanket over her shivering form.

As the person turned to go Ryoko whispered, "Thank you." A young man she
recognized as the guard who had come and got her earlier nodded with a sad
smile and then quickly retreated back to his desk.

* * *

"Bang, bang." A young girl chimed as she held a gun made of air. Her long
dark bluish-black hair was tied back into a braid as she pressed her back
against a large tree trunk. Her amethyst eyes scanned her surroundings as
she spotted a her target but a few feet away.

Jumping out as the person dashed before her, she shouted, "BANG!" Smiling,
she cried, "GOTCHA!"

Her target turned around and smiled evilly. "Oh yeah? You missed me...missed
me by a mile!"

The first girl shrieked and ran off laughing as her friend chased her around
the field they played in. At the last minute, the girl ducked behind a bush
to see her friend run smack dab into her brother's territory. She heard a
loud shriek and then, "BANG! You're OUT, RYOKO!"

"DAMMIT, HIROKI! I thought that you were on my side!" Ryoko reprimanded the
10 year old boy. The 8 year old Ryoko turned red with anger as Hiroki
started laughing.

Seven year old Keiko snuck around behind her brother and grinned. Standing
right beside him she chimed, "ZAP!"

Hiroki and Ryoko both stared at her. "Zap?" Hiroki repeated with puzzlement.

Keiko nodded. "My cattle prod."

Hiroki quickly grabbed his sister and pinned her down as he gave her a
red-belly. Ryoko stood by and chuckled at the bother and sister. Something
cold and wet landed on her nose and she turned her gold eyes upward to see
dark storm clouds covering the sky.

A loud clap of thunder sounded from nowhere causing Hiroki and Keiko to stop
playing around and watch the passing clouds.

"I think that we should go home, guys." Keiko suggested as she started for
her house.

Hiroki smirked. "Yeah, Ryoko. You better hurry before you rust." He turned
around and raced after his sister.

Ryoko felt her eyes water at the boys statement. Hiroki had never teased her
about what she was before, but here lately he had been more bold in saying
something to her.

Like yesterday her called her a bucket of bolts because she had to go home
instead of playing soccer, for a weakly checkup. All the other kids had
teased her as well. They laughed, pointed fingers and such behind her back.
Keiko was the only one who didn't tease her about her origins.

Ryoko felt her tears mix with the raindrops as she remembered how mean
Hiroki had been to her in the past month. He had called her a robot, a toy,
a selfish machine and a child who didn't have feelings when she wasn't
chosen to play kickball at recess.

He had been wrong. She did have feelings because if she didn't then she
wouldn't have felt like she did. She was sad, angry and alone and she was
quickly starting to hate Hiroki. He had been her first friend, at least
until Keiko was born.

Ryoko's vision was blurred with her tears and rain as she ran off into the
other direction, her heart breaking from Hiroki's words. She dashed into the
woods instead of running home like she should have and eventually got lost.

Scared, angry and upset, Ryoko vented her anger by practicing her powers and
how well she could hit a target. Taking aim at a nearby tree, she released a
small energy blast, her mind intent on hitting her prey. What she didn't
anticipate was the blast backfiring on her because she lost her
concentration.

Ryoko screamed as she felt the blast explode in her hand, her small body
taking much of the damage as she struck the ground. The rain continued to
pour and drench her as night set in.

Coughing violently, Ryoko awoke hours later to find that night had settled
in. The rain was still coming down in steady sheets and Ryoko was soaking
wet, cold and not feeling well at all. She sat up and from the corner of her
eye, she saw what appeared to be a small cave lit up by the lightning.

Crawling over to it, she huddled inside the small den where it was dry but
still damp. Ryoko sneezed a few times before laying down to keep warm. She
started crying again as the thought of her never seeing her mother again
entered her mind. Her link wasn't working and she was all alone.

Ryoko shivered uncontrollably as the storm raged on outside the small cave.
Just as she was about to give in and accept the fact that she'd never be
found, she heard a familiar voice in the distance shout, "RYOKO!"

Ryoko perked up and called out, "MOMMY! HELP ME PLEASE!"

"RYOKO?" Washu's voice was carried away by the wind of the storm as she
searched for her daughter. "RYOKO? CAN YOU HEAR ME?"

"MOMMY!" Ryoko shouted back. "I'M OVER HERE! PLEASE DON'T FORGET ME, MOMMY!"

Ryoko's sharp eyes could see a figure dashing through the brush as she
cried, "MO...mmy!" Ryoko's voice suddenly became a whisper as she started
shivering again. "Mommy." She rasped out as she leaned against the cave
wall.

Someone suddenly burst into the clearing with a flashlight and a raincoat.
"Ryoko!" Washu shouted as she went to her daughter. Scooping the girl up,
Washu frowned. Ryoko had a fever, and most likely, pneumonia. Washu wrapped
Ryoko up in a blanket and held her close as she headed home.

Ryoko weakly opened her eyes. "Mommy...? Am....I gonna die?" She asked
tiredly.

Washu hugged her. "No sweetheart. You're not going to die."

Ryoko nodded and whispered, "Good. 'Cause...I don't want to be left alone."

* * *

Washu sat at her computer trying to locate Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki, but had come
up empty handed so far. She couldn't pinpoint her daughter or the cabbit
anywhere and the portal designed in Ryo-Ohki wasn't responding.

Washu swore. She knew that what had happened last week had something to do
with Ryoko, but what? It felt as if she were dying, that her heart was
slowly fading with every beat. And then, just like that, it had subsided.

Washu was sure that Ryoko was in trouble, and she was a mother on a search
for her child. She would stop at nothing to find her daughter.

* * *

Something filtered into Ryoko's eyes causing her to twitch. Forcing an eye
open, she saw that the sun was beginning to come up as pale yellow light
fell across her cell room from the window. Holding the blanket closer to
herself, she fought back tears as she heard the footsteps.

The cell door opened as three guards stepped inside. Two yanked her to her
feet and drug her down the hall. The third guy followed behind just in case.
As they past by the Captain's desk, Ryoko looked at him and mouthed, "Thank
you." He nodded and turned his head as she was drug outside.

Ryoko's eyes closed against the sun that hit them as she was led to the
gallows in the middle of a large crowd. Glancing up, Ryoko saw many ships
docking and leaving, her eyes watching them go free. Frowning, she felt
herself pushed up the gallows steps where she saw the hangman.

Ryoko closed her eyes again as she felt a noose dropped over her head and
around her neck. As it tightened, she felt her tears come as she mentally
called out across her link. Whispering her good-byes to Washu and Ryo-Ohki
Ryoko accepted her fate and waited for her death to come on swift wings.

"Do you have any last requests?" The chaplain asked her.

Ryoko nodded. "Don't leave me alone....please."

The elderly chaplain looked at her as sadness crossed his face. Pressing a
hand to her forehead he whispered, "You won't be alone, child. May God
forgive you and may you find happiness in where you're going. You will never
be alone again."

Ryoko thanked him as she stared out at the crowd of bystanders. Most were
yelling "Hang the Pirate!" or "An eye for an eye. Give her what she
deserves."

Ryoko sighed as she suddenly felt a wave of calm overcome her as her feet
were kicked out from under her. Her body jerked downwards as the noose cut
her air off. She never struggled or cried out and soon her tears ceased to
come. Just as Ryoko was about to slip into unconsciousness, she fell.

Hitting the ground rather roughly, she felt someone grabbing her. Ryoko
weakly opened her eyes to see the guard who had been kind to her. She
frowned. "Why....?" She whispered.

"Because you don't deserve to die. Their law is bogus, everyone knows that.
But our people refuse to go against Vega's government. They are afraid." He
replied as he made his way through the crowd, the other guards running after
him.

"Please...don't. You'll be killed if they catch you." Ryoko pleaded as he
carried her to safety.

"Maybe so, Ryoko. But this is wrong....you have a full life ahead of you.
You've already paid for your crimes. You never asked for this....who would?
I'm keeping the promise I made to my great-grandfather a long time ago. To
always protect the innocent." He trailed off.

"And that if I ever came across Ryoko the Space Pirate in trouble, to help
her at all costs. Great-grandfather would never forgive me for going against
his word." The man explained.

Ryoko was about to ask who his great-grandfather was when the man suddenly
cried out. Ryoko looked behind him to see blood coloring his shirt, his
right shoulder turning red. Gasping he put her down. "I'm sorry. Run. About
300 feet ahead you'll come to a transport pod."

Ryoko nodded as she helped him move along. "Get on it and it'll take you
straight to the docking bay. You'll find that ship of yours hiding in a
stack of 'Gamamus' crates. She's a little weak, but she'll be able to get
you out of the system in a hurry. Once you're out of the system, they can't
touch you."

Ryoko nodded. "Thank you."

"Go now! You don't have time to waste. GO!"

Ryoko stood up and started to run when she stopped. "Wait...I don't even
know your name!"

"It's not important...just RUN!"

Ryoko was reluctant, but knew that she couldn't afford to cause this man
anymore trouble. He had risked his life to save hers and it wouldn't do any
good should she get caught again. Giving a quick nod, she spun around and
took off.

She gritted her teeth and ignored the cries of pain of the guy once the
other guards found him. There was a loud shout and then a scream. Ryoko
gasped as the tears appeared in her eyes. Wiping them away, she found the
transport pod and quickly entered it's domain.

The pod immediately moved upward to the docking bay where it soon stopped.
Ryoko stepped out and stared with awe. The docking bay was huge and
impressive, but this wasn't a time to stare. She found the crates and
Ryo-Ohki, but the cabbit had nothing to give.

Ryoko was trapped.

That's when she heard someone yell, "Okay Hiro! You're clear for take off."

Ryoko looked up to see the pod had disappeared. Turning around, she raced to
the docked ships until she found the ship that was rising up, it's engines
warming for warp speed. Ryoko hurriedly used what energy she had left to
teleport herself and Ryo-Ohki onboard the ship.

Just as the ship hit their throttle for a hyper jump, Ryoko managed to draw
enough energy to complete her task. As she was fading, someone yelled and
fired a gun. With another shout, Ryoko was gone.

* * *

Washu felt a power surge and quickly pinpointed it. 'Bayotu System.' She
thought grimly. 'That's near Vega. I wonder if Ryo-Ohki's transmission of
the link and Comm system are off because of this.'

Washu hoped against hope that it was a power failure of the colony or a
rather large Jurain ship pulling that much power, but deep in her heart she
knew it was Ryoko.

The good thing though, was the object that had called upon that much energy
was quickly moving towards Rigel, a colony about a day from Vega.

Washu sighed. Whoever or whatever it was, was safe and heading to a neutral
zone located inside the Bayotu System.

* * *

Ryoko hit the deck floor with a thud. Ryo-Ohki tumbled from her arms and
into a control panel.

Someone shouted with surprise at the sight of Ryoko and the cabbit. The
pilot of the ship knelt beside Ryoko and shook her lightly. Something sticky
and warm covered his hand as he touched her.

Pulling back, he saw blood covering her arm and his hand.

"Hmm...looks like she was running from someone or something." The man
pondered as he picked her up. "She looks like that Space Pirate Ryoko. But,
wasn't she scheduled for execution today....the little sneak. She escaped."

He set her down in a chair and looked at her arm from where the blaster
shredded through her shirt and left unrepairable damage to her left bicep.
He shook his head. If she hadn't lost all muscle and mobility in her arm
from the hit, then eventually time would take care of it.

Her left arm was pretty much useless and she'd be better off without it,
but, he respected people, even if she was the Space Pirate Ryoko. He mended
her arm the best he could and then tended to Ryo-Ohki. He stopped a moment
to examine the cabbit and then frowned.

Setting her down, he went back to controlling the ship. Every so often, his
deep red eyes turned to gaze at Ryoko asleep in the commanders chair.
Sighing, he turned his back to her, obliviously to the fact that she was
waking up. When she finally gasped in pain, he turned around.

"Take it easy. You've barely got any energy left to move, you're weak and
you've only got one limp. Your left arm ain't any good anymore. It's gone."
He explained to the dazed woman.

Ryoko looked down and flexed her muscles. "It'll be fine in a few hours."
She hung her head. "Thank you for not....kicking me off your ship."

"No problem. What were you running for?" He asked.

Ryoko closed her eyes. "I want to live, thank you. Stupid government tried
holding a treaty from Jurai over my head when the treaty doesn't even
exist."

"Oh, you mean that one that states, 'So and so may not be allowed to exceed
or pass the Bayotu System territory. If you do, you're subject of a
violation and arrest.' That one?" He questioned intently.

Ryoko cocked her head. "Yeah, that one. How'd you know about that?"

The man snorted. "They used it on my father. Except....he didn't escape."

Ryoko took a deep breath. "I'm.....sorry."

"Don't be. It wasn't your fault, Ryoko."

Ryoko's head snapped up. "How do you know my name?"

"Everyone knows who you are. But, I guess I have an advantage. My mother
knew alot about you too. Pissed, she was, because you always managed to
escape from her as well." The young man commented.

Ryoko pondered on that though before gulping. "Don't tell me....your mom
is...Nagi?!"

The man nodded. "Yep...that was her."

"Okay, look. I'll do whatever it takes, just don't turn me over to her. I'm
too weak to fight her now." Ryoko whined.

"Or ever." The man replied. "My mother died about six years ago. She went
back to Vega to get revenge for my father's death. She took out half the
government, but she didn't make it. Ken-Ohki went with her. He refused to
leave her side and they....tortured him."

Ryoko felt sorry for this young man who hadn't turned her back over to Vega,
but the fact that he was Nagi's son, made her encounter with him worthwhile.
She shuffled over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"Hey....your mom was a great woman. Persistent, relentless and a great
rival. I'm going to miss her, that's for sure. But, I'm sure that you are a
great guy too, just like her." Ryoko assumed.

He looked at her. "I followed her footsteps, yes. I'm a bounty hunter, along
with my partner Hiro. We rank number one in the galaxy right now."

Ryoko nodded. "I'm sure Nagi is proud of you. And I'm sure that both your
mother and father are watching over you, right now."

The man smiled. "Yeah. I like to think so." He paused. "By the way, " He
held out his hand to her. "I'm Sato. And my partner, Hiro will be here
shortly. He's down below upgrading Sirius' engines."

"Sirius? Is that the name of your ship?" Ryoko inquired as she sat back down
and placed Ryo-Ohki in her lap.

"Sirius is Hiro's ship. He acquired him a while back from his dying master.
Good ship and runs like a dream. But, he's not mine. My ship is actually the
Ke-noki. He's named after Ken-Ohki. Just....altered." Sato replied.

Ryoko wrinkled her nose. "That was nice of you, Sato. To name your ship in
honor of your mother's ship. Hmpfh, my mother named my ship after me.
Sometimes I wonder about her."

Sato smiled. "I'm sure you do. If my mom was the Universe's most Eccentric
and Sadistic Scientist, I would have left ages ago."

Ryoko chuckled. "Yeah....but I love that old woman. I don't know what I'd do
without her. I mean...we were apart for so many years and now, I..."

"I understand, Ryoko." Sato assured. "Oh, here comes Hiro now."

As if on cue, a door slid open and a man walked in. Ryoko's attention was on
Ryo-Ohki as she woke up instead of Sato or Hiro. It wasn't until she heard
the shout of surprise from the newcomer, that she looked up.

Her eyes lifted to see a tall and handsome man who held two round eyes of
the purplest red Ryoko had ever seen. They reminded her of Nagi's eyes mixed
with Ayeka's hair.

Both eyes were hidden under bangs of black hair with some gray. As Ryoko
examined him up down, a name for the face came to her mind. Her eyes grew
wide as she stuttered, "Hir....Hiro....Hiroki?!"

The man glared at her with his maroon hued eyes. "Who are you and how do you
know who I am?" He asked as he pulled a sword from it's sheath, it's blade
under her chin.

Ryoko's eyes narrowed in sadness. He didn't remember her, or maybe he did
and was just to stubborn and unforgiving to admit it.

"Hiroki.....don't you remember me?" She asked softly moving closer, his
blade remaining a scant millimeter from her flesh.

He growled at her. "I don't who you are or why you're on my ship. But the
next colony we come across, you're unloading, got it?"

Ryoko shook her head. "Please, Hiroki! It's me.....Ryoko!"

Hiroki stared at her, his eyes hardened with unrecognition. As he stood
there in thought, he slowly frowned. "How the hell did you find me?"

Ryoko backed away in sadness. "I...I ah, I was looking for you. I won't deny
it. But...I had no idea that you would be on this ship when I escaped Vega.
Nor did I know that Sato was Nagi's son. Hiroki....."

"Stop!" Hiroki shouted. "I don't want to hear anymore. Sato...leave course
for Rigel. I'll drop her off at the same time I drop you off."

Sato nodded and watched Hiroki storm out of the room. He turned to Ryoko to
see her shoulders shaking slightly as she wept.

* * *

"Washu? Can we talk?"

The woman looked up to see Tenchi and Ayeka standing beside as she floated
around aimlessly in her lab. Sighing, she asked, "What about?"

Tenchi looked nervous and Ayeka gave him a little push. "Well, truthfully,
Washu...we're all a little tired about this game of 20 questions you're
playing. Whenever we ask about Ryoko, or where she is or how's she doing,
you say that it's none of our business."

Washu sneered at him. "What are you saying?"

"Why won't you tell us? We're a family, Washu! Ryoko's our family and our
friend. I think we have a right to know. So please, enough of this 'I have a
right to remain quiet' crap. Tell us where Ryoko went?" Tenchi demanded.

Washu looked at Ayeka who seemed pensive yet concerned as well.

Relenting, Washu hung her head. "Alright. She went back to our home planet,
Tenchi. There are some things that she needs to work out. Some past
issues....of a lost love. His name was Hiroki Yoshida. He was a good kid and
the son of my lab assistant before Kagato ever came into the picture."

Tenchi was instantly interested as Washu went on.

"Well, he and Ryoko started seeing more of each other and soon they were
going on dates, to the prom...the normal thing kids do when they date. And
then one night, Hiroki told Ryoko he was leaving. They both said some things
that lead to a argument between them. He left and never said bye."

Ayeka was horrified at these new details of the story that Ryoko had left
out. Tenchi was stunned to silence. Ryoko had had a love before him. One
that she cared about greatly, enough that she was still looking for him
2,000 years after he left her. Ryoko's heart, was something in itself to
cherish.

She would never forget a love that beat true.

And apparently, this Hiroki had dome something to etch his name, face and
memory in Ryoko's heart forever. Tenchi felt that he was losing the battle
for the woman's love. Between himself, and a man who was just a mere memory.

Tenchi looked at Washu. "And?"

She shrugged. "She won't find him. She never will. But, this was something
she had to find out for herself and though it will cause her great pain,
we'll all be there for her should she fall this time as well."

Ayeka had nodded with that and Washu knew right away that the princess
understood the situation. Ryoko had talked...of course.

Tenchi tilted his head. "Why won't she find him?"

Washu looked at him sadly as she hopped off her cushion and headed for the
house. "Can you keep a secret?" She asked the eager young man.

Tenchi made a face. "Of course I can, Little Washu. You know that."

Washu smiled and nodded. "Good. Because so can I. And believe me, the
reasons are a secret inside themselves, Tenchi. In due time...she'll uncover
them all....and when she does...we'll be there to catch her when she falls."

* * *

Ryoko sat with her back against the wall in the small quarters of the ship
that served as the 'living room.' She was hugging her knees to her chest as
she shivered from the chilly night air that hung in the ship's confines.

Ryo-Ohki slept peacefully on a nearby couch, her purring soft and lulling.
Ryoko just sat there. She couldn't sleep. She was too upset about the events
from earlier that day. Eleven hours had passed since she hopped on board as
a stow-away, but still, Ryoko couldn't help but feel unwanted.

And...by the man she used to love more than life itself.

Ryoko sobbed as she remembered all the happy times and even the times they
had argued but them made up afterwards. Back then it had been easy to slip
up and say something you didn't mean. But then, it had always been easy to
kiss and make up afterwards, as well.

Closing her eyes, she listened to the humming of the engines underneath her,
Ryo-Ohki's soft purring and the constant ticking of a nearby clock. All she
had now was sounds. Her vision had never completely returned, even though
she had the aid of her contacts.

Her last bout with the guards of Vega had seriously dampered what little
vision she had left. Oh sure, if she squinted she could make some things
out. But...after that all she could see were shadows.

This new feeling of helplessness scared Ryoko. What if she needed to see
whether she was in danger or not? Or if she was about to fly Ryo-Ohki into
another ship or something of the likeness. She wouldn't be able to tell...

And it was these thoughts that were warping her mind when the door slid open
silently.

* * *

Hiroki could hear a faint sobbing noise as he opened the door. And sure
enough, there was his extra cargo wedged into a corner crying. He closed his
eyes as their past together resurfaced.

Their talks. Their dates. Their love.

Her kisses. Her laughter. Her love.

His tenderness. His touch. His love....Ryoko.

She sat huddled on the floor, the once beautiful and outgoing girl he had
loved beyond compare, a now broken and vulnerable woman.

Sighing, he allowed his eyes to take her in. Her long hair was the softest
cyan color he had ever remembered and her feral gold eyes still held the
ability to penetrate his soul with just a look.

But the smile he had once known her to sport....ceased to exist.

This was not the Ryoko he had once known and loved. This was a new type of
Ryoko that he had never encountered before. This was the Space Pirate Ryoko,
the one people and colonies alike feared.

The one who had killed without mercy. The one who had laughed as she burned
and pillaged colonies and planets. The one who....was a puppet.

She was nothing more than a mere doll tied to the strings around her masters
fingers. She was cruel, uncaring, malicious and cold hearted.

But...as he saw her crying on the floor, he saw a different Ryoko than the
one in the stories. This Ryoko, he had not expected to just drop back into
his life after so long. Nor did he expect his heart to churn at the sight of
her crumpled body shaking with the sobs of her sadness.

Cursing himself, he grabbed a blanket from the nearby couch and knelt before
her. Covering her with the blanket, he picked her up and placed her on the
couch where he could see her face.

A thin thread of light from an overhead star shone on her face as she slept.
He pushed a strand of damp cyan hair from her eyes and peered at her face.
Adverting his gaze to the cabbit, he never saw Ryoko open her eyes.

He finally turned back to the woman to see her staring at him sadly. Her
gold eyes full of fear and concern as they bore into his soul.

It was this sight, with Ryoko staring at him like that, that changed
Hiroki's tune. He gazed back at her and finally whispered, "You don't have
to sleep on the floor."

The woman sighed. "I'm sure. But...I'm so used to it. It's all I've ever
known."

Hiroki gave her a calm nod. "Yes, well...I don't let people sleep on the
floor, no matter who they or how I know them." Hiroki stood up and headed
for the door. With one last look, he left her alone in the room again.

* * *

"Hiro."

The young man turned to see Sato coming up behind him. "What is it, Sato?"

Sato flinched nervously. "Sirius is docking." He swore as he lost his nerve.
"Look, Hiroki....this Ryoko woman....it seems that you two know each other
well."

Hiroki frowned. "Maybe more than I wish to Sato, but what are you getting
at?"

Sato nodded. "I can see it in her eyes. She loves you, man! And she's told
me her story...she's been searching for you. The least you can do is
acknowledge her courage and persistence. She's come all the way from Earth,
barely escaped death and for what?! To be pushed away by you."

Hiroki's expression never changed. "And there's good reason for it."

"Like WHAT?! Hiro man, she's never known love. She says that a guy she once
knew pushed her away. And then after her release from Kagato, that the next
guy she loved pushed her away as well. So she left, to find you. Now that
she has found you, you're acting the part of a total asshole!" Sato yelled.

Hiroki stared at him. "Sato, look man. We're partners, right? We stick
together through thick and thin. I'm asking you to trust me on this. She's
not worth the trouble, or the heartache...again. I'm sorry."

Sato shook his head in disgust. "You are really messed up, Hiro. Hell, any
man, even myself would give anything to just be looked at by Ryoko. But,
she's only got eyes for you...but you're to blind to see that. She doesn't
deserve this, and you don't deserve her." Sato stormed from the bridge.

Hiroki watched him go and then turned around quickly. He stopped just in
time before he ran into Ryoko. Her eyes were calm and collected but full of
so much pain and suffering.

"Hiroki."

The man looked at her off centeredly. "Ryoko, listen I...."

"No! You listen to me..." Ryoko cut him off. "Not long after you left me, I
got sick. Really sick and I blamed you for it. But...I also pinned most of
the blame on myself. We both said some things that night that we didn't
really mean. We both know that...but, you have refused to accept that."

Hiroki glared at her. "I haven't refused anything but to allow myself to
fall into your sex trap once again."

Ryoko frowned. "Yes, you have. You have refused to see that you were at
fault as well as I was. I loved you Hiroki! Dammit, I still I do. If I
didn't then, I wouldn't be here now. I'd still be on Earth, with my family
and with Tenchi. Maybe being pushed away by him but still with people who
love me."

"Then what's stopping you?" Hiroki asked with malice.

Ryoko sighed. "You. Until you can look me straight in the eye and say that
you don't love me anymore, then I'll always keep chasing you and leaving my
family behind to suffer. Until you can admit to yourself that you were wrong
and that your heart truly has stopped loving me, then I'll always be...."

Ryoko hung her head. Shifting nervously she added, "With you. You've never
let me go and my heart can't forget you. I...love you, Hiroki. Can't you see
that? I love you and I'd do anything for you."

Hiroki remained silent as he watched Ryoko confess her feelings to him. As
she looked away to hide the tears, Hiroki felt something tug at his heart.
He had always hated to see her cry or to be sad. And he had always done
something to cheer her up. But, that was way back then....

Now was different. He had grown up and become a man fighting to survive in
this dog-eat-dog universe. He had become hard and uncaring about those
around him. He looked down on those who were less fortunate than he and he
despised those who were better off than himself.

He tilted his head and looked at her. She too had grown up. Ryoko had gone
from being the scrawny prowess to a voluptuous goddess. Hiroki had to admit,
that all in all, she was still as beautiful now as she had been back then.

Her only change was in her attitude and outlook on life. She still had that
devil-may-care streak in her and when provoked, she'd bite back. But, she
had changed somehow and Hiroki couldn't quite place it. She seemed more
quiet and reserved. But most of all, more....vulnerable.

Ryoko had never given one the impression of being an easy target or one to
be taken advantage of. But it had all changed once she became Kagato's
puppet.

Hiroki winced. He now felt sorry all the things he had said to her when they
younger. They had hurt her and then later in life...they came true. She
became nothing more than a toy, a selfish and unfeeling machine. A sleazy
droid who was bent on killing and destroying.

He had hurt her with his words....and he truly had been the one at fault.

Ryoko closed her eyes. "What are you thinking about?"

Hiroki looked at her as her tears slid down her cheeks. Leaning towards her,
he wiped a tear from her cheek. "About how much of an asshole I was and how
sorry I am. Sorry for the things I said back then. Sorry...for hurting you
the way I did."

Ryoko opened her eyes. "You don't have to be sorry because I was wrong too.
All those things you said...were true, Hiroki! They were. You saw who I
became. And who I really was inside."

"And who you were inside was not the Space Pirate Ryoko, the devil
incarnate. You were Ryoko Hakubi. The girl that I loved....and trusted and
protected. If I had only been there for you, then maybe none of this would
have happened. But I was too proud to apologize." Hiroki explained.

Ryoko tilted her head. "So you were wrong...."

Hiroki's head came up. "I'm not saying that I was completely wrong. Most of
that was your fault anyway.

"MY FAULT?!" Ryoko asked angrily. "Look, I was trying to apologize and get
you to do the same thing. For us to both admit that we were wrong. But, if
you're going to pin all the blame on me to make yourself feel better, then
forget it! I don't have to put up with us." Ryoko turned away from him.

"So, then you're leaving? Staying here on Rigel or going home?" Hiroki asked
smugly.

Ryoko stopped. "I said I didn't have to put up with this, Hiroki. I never
said anything about leaving. I'm staying right here." She instantly dropped
down and sat indian style on the floor. "I can and will ignore you until you
come to your senses and realize that we both were at fault."

Hiroki groaned. "You can't! I won't allow it!"

Ryoko looked at him from over her shoulder. "What are you going to do to
stop me? Call me a machine, a toy or a sleazy droid? That's ancient history.
Been there, done that. Been called that. So, what are you gonna do?" She
glared at him fiercely.

Hiroki sighed in defeat. Though a changed woman and no longer Kagato's
slave, she was still Ryoko. At heart, Ryoko was still herself, she never
changed, at least from Hiroki's perspective as he backed down and left the
ship.

Ryoko watched him go and then sadly turned her head back to stare at the
wall in front of her. 'Hiroki....please don't leave me alone.'

* * *

Ayeka set a plate down in front of Washu. The woman looked up with tired
eyes. "Thanks Ayeka."

Ayeka nodded. "It's my pleasure, Miss. Washu." She stood there and watched
Washu idly typing on her computer.

"Have a seat...." Washu offered as a cushion appeared underneath Ayeka.

"Oh. Uh...thank you." Ayeka said in a surprised tone as the cushion rose her
up to meet Washu.

Washu turned to her, her once vibrant green eyes dull with worry. "So,
princess....Ryoko's mentioned her little problem to you, has she not?"

"Yes...she has. I must say that I was shocked to hear such a confession from
Ryoko herself, but I was compassionate nonetheless."

Washu nodded. "That's...kind of you. It took me a year to snap Ryoko out of
her world and start a new life without Hiroki. But, it seems that the world
had other plans for her. The whole population of her middle school knew of
the fight between Hiroki and Ryoko and took advantage of the situation."

"How so?" Ayeka inquired as she tilted her head.

Washu rubbed her temples. "Hiroki was the only boy to ever see Ryoko as a
person and not a creation. All the others, wouldn't even look at her. After
Hiroki left, a couple of bullies set Ryoko up. One guy asked Ryoko to a
dance, but he showed up with another girl and made fun of my daughter."

Ayeka frowned. "I imagine it must have been hard for her, Washu."

"It was...but, here on Earth it hasn't gotten any better. She's still being
teased. And mainly by you. It hurts her, Ayeka but she never says anything.
Not because she's hardheaded, but because she doesn't want to make a scene.
Ryoko's always been a sensitive girl...and a very lovable person to know."

Ayeka gulped. "I understand what you're getting at Washu. And I'm sorry for
making fun of her. After she told me about Hiroki, I realized that the whole
time I had been the one who was wrong. I was at fault in making Ryoko hate
the things life had to offer her."

"No, Kagato did that. But, your fighting with her has made her appreciate
the things Earth has to give. She sees herself more as a normal person
because you two are both girls fighting over a boys affections. These
fights, they are a key to breaking Ryoko down into a real woman." Washu
explained.

Ayeka rubbed her chin. "So, are you saying that you want me to continue
fighting with Ryoko, but without the harsh namecalling and such?"

Washu chuckled. "No, no! I want those fights to stop completely or else I
might have to step in. And trust me, you don't want that. I try to let Ryoko
fight her own battles instead of relying on mom to do it all for her." Washu
paused. "I guess what I'm trying to say...is Thank you."

Ayeka was stunned. "Well....you are welcome. It has been an unforgettable
experience for me to have that kind of...oh, relationship with your
daughter. She's a great person, Washu. And any woman lucky enough to have
her friendship is someone special indeed." She trailed off as she got up.

"And any man lucky enough to receive Ryoko's heart...is a man to be
respected. Now, if you'll excuse me, Washu...I must tend to my chores. It
was nice chatting with you." Ayeka commented as she left the lab.

Washu nodded to herself. "Yes...any man who can obtain my daughter's heart
is a man of true value, love and respect. I just hope that she sees that
before it is too late."

* * *

Hiroki set a course for Corpus Hager after leaving Rigel and Sato behind. He
sat drumming his fingers on the arm of his chair as last weeks events played
in his mind. One: Ryoko found him. Two: She claimed that she still loved
him. Three: She apologized for their past falling out.

And four: She said she always be with him, at least until he was able to
completely admit that he didn't love her anymore.

Hiroki was between a rock and a hard place. Ryoko had him trapped.

They had left Rigel a week prior and Ryoko was still holding out in the
hallway of Sirius. Hiroki saw her everytime he came from his quarters, and
was quickly growing tired of seeing her stare at the wall like she did.

Ryo-Ohki had long abandoned her mistress to find comfort in Hiroki's lap as
his fingers nimbly scratched her head and belly. Hiroki found himself
quickly becoming attached to the cabbit. But, she was Ryoko's property and
therefore was looked down upon by the man.

Hiroki placed the cabbit on the floor and sat back. Sato had sent a message
saying that the 'Hunters Guild' would be rallying at the checkpoint between
Corpus Hager and Rigel, roughly about five days from Hiroki's position now.

All though Ryoko's warrant was displaced five months ago, their was still a
large bounty on her head issued by the Guild of hunters in the area. And
Ryoko had given Hiroki the opportunity to get rid of her and make off good
with her stubborn claim of sticking around.

She had no clue of what she was getting herself into. Something, though,
that she would have least expected from the man she loved.

Hiroki rose from his chair. 'Five days, Ryoko. In five days, we will see
which of us cracks first.'

He left the bridge after putting Sirius on auto-pilot and headed for his
quarters. Expecting to see Ryoko sitting, staring at the wall or the
ceiling, Hiroki strode down the corridor with a blank face.

As he turned the corner, he smiled.

And then frowned.

Ryoko was gone.

Panic seized him as he turned around, his eyes searching the dark hallway.
"Ryoko?!" He called as he ran down the hallway. He ran past an open door but
paid no attention to it, at least not until he heard the sweet voice of
Ryoko whispering in the dark.

'Close the door, shut the world away. All the fight's gone from this wounded
heart. Across the floor, dreams and shadows play, like wind blown refugees.

Call the man, who deals in love beyond repair. He can heal the world of
hearts in need of care. Shine a light ahead, when the next step is
unclear...Call the man, he's needed here.

I close my eyes, I remember when...your sweet love filled this empty room.
The tears I cry, won't bring it back again. Unless the lonely star should
fall...'

Ryoko stopped in mid-verse when she sensed someone watching her. "What do
you want?" She asked coldly.

A shadow stepped inside the room and remained quiet. Finally, it spoke.
"You...left your post."

"Yeah, well...I got tired of seeing your face every morning." Ryoko replied
flatly.

"Tell me about it..."

Ryoko spun around. "...I shouldn't have to. You should already know,
everything! What I say is true, why can't you see that?! Why won't you admit
to it? We can start over, Hiroki! It'll be like the old days."

"Yeah, well the old days are dead." Hiroki bit back.

Ryoko shook her head. "Then let's start a new time notch on our timeline.
I'm begging you Hiroki...you left me once, crying my heart out. You never
said good-bye. If you can tell me that you don't have feelings for me
anymore, then I'll go. As long as you say good-bye this time."

"You mean you just want me to tell you bye?!" Hiroki asked in surprised.
"Well, then here...Good-bye Ryoko! Have a nice life, stay out of trouble,
get a clue! There I said bye, now why won't you just go home?!"

"Because you won't let me!" Ryoko screamed. "You have a hold on me, Hiroki!
I can't leave you or forget about you. Not until you let me go. Which you
haven't done yet. If you want me to go, then release me, Hiroki!" She hung
her head as her tears came.

Lifting her head she whispered, "Give me back my heart....or at least what's
left of it. Please."

Hiroki stepped back. 'Give me back my heart.' He pondered over her request
before it dawned on him. He had never said I hate you, or we're through. He
had just upped and left, and he had taken what part of her she had cherished
the most with him.

He had taken her ability to love another from her because they had never
really said it was over. She was afraid to love another for fear that he
still loved her. He had left her hanging onto a thin thread of hope, a small
sliver of the hope that he'd return and they'd pick up where they had left
off.

And now he was rejecting what little hope she had left.

And he still had a hold on her. A hold he doubted would ever be broken.

As he stared at her from across the room, he said, "I have nothing to give
you."

With that he left as Ryoko crumpled to her knees and cried.

* * *

"Lord Tenchi...may I have a word with you?" Ayeka asked as she sauntered up
beside the man.

Tenchi looked up from his task of sweeping the shrine grounds and nodded.
"Sure, go ahead."

Ayeka pointed to a tree offering welcomed shade. Tenchi followed her.
"Tenchi, I think that we should go after Ryoko. I fear that she is in
trouble. I can't help but to think that Miss. Washu is hiding something from
us. Like how she had that pain last week. Heartburn, please." Ayeka rolled
her eyes.

"I agree that she's hiding something, Ayeka. But, I also think I have an
understanding with Ryoko. I believe that if we were to go after her, that
she'd feel well, betrayed by us. That we didn't trust her. And she may even
refuse to come back home." Tenchi announced knowingly.

Ayeka cocked her head at him. "So are you saying that we should not go after
her?"

"Exactly. I think that the best thing we can do for Ryoko right now, is to
wait for her return. For her decision to come back. It's all we can do.
We're her friends, and I think that if we show that we can trust her by not
going after her, then she'll feel that she can really call us her family."
Tenchi added.

Ayeka sighed. "Very well then. I'll respect your wishes, Tenchi. But, this
doesn't mean that I'll give up so easily on thinking that Ryoko is alright."

Tenchi chuckled. "I don't think any of us will, Ayeka. We're all concerned
for her...but, we need to give her time."

Ayeka relented and started for the house. "Oh, and Lord Tenchi....if she's
gone any longer, she'll miss your entire summer vacation all together."

Tenchi smiled. "Have faith Ayeka. It's only been a week."

* * *

A month. She had left her home and family a month ago. And for what? To find
the man she loved only to have him push her away like Tenchi had done so
many times before.

Ryoko had resumed her spot on the hallway floor after her and Hiroki's
second fast last night. This morning, they could do nothing but bicker and
cut each other down. Now as night fell, Ryoko found herself feeling the
affects from her and Hiroki's little disputes.

Her heart was heavy and on the verge of shattering completely. Her eyes were
dull and glazed over with the pain she felt from Hiroki's rejection. Her
smile was upside down as she kept remembering all the words they had
exchanged since their paths had crossed once again.

Her heart was telling her to give up, that it couldn't possibly take another
round of verbal abuse...but her mind was telling her to keep trying. If
Hiroki hadn't been able to tell her that he didn't love her anymore, then
there was still a chance that he cared for her, wasn't there?

All Ryoko could do was hope that her mind's nagging was right, and that
Hiroki would come clean about his feelings sooner or later.

Now as she huddled up against the wall, she tried to find solace in sleep,
her last shred of hope and dignity clinging onto her ability to remain
stable. So far she had only cracked twice. Once in front of Hiroki, but he
had not said a single word about her being weak or useless.

And that alone gave her renewed hope for the coming morning.

She hugged her arms and felt herself drift into sleep as she shivered from
the coldness of the floor underneath her.

* * *

Hiroki tossed and turned in his bed, unable to sleep. His mind was still on
Ryoko's words from the other day. 'Give me back my heart.' Since that night,
they had been at each others throats, both accusing the other of their
problems.

But Ryoko always seemed hesitant when saying it was Hiroki's fault.

She apparently still felt part of her was to blame as well, and Hiroki knew
it most likely was part her fault. But deep inside, he also knew that the
latter of the problem was on his shoulders. He had caused her to be like
this, what she was now.

He had butchered her heart and in return, taken it with him when he had
left. She was left with nothing to call her own. No love, no life, no
nothing. All she had ever had was her heart and the love it had for someone.

And Hiroki had even robbed her of that one gift.

Now that he knew why she wouldn't leave him, he didn't have a clue as to
what to do, where to begin or how to even make it up to her. She had
faithfully reserved her love for him and hadn't dared to even give another
man a chance until she knew for sure that he didn't want her anymore.

And now, he couldn't even give her a clear answer.

He sat up, his brow scrunched together in confusion. Outside his room, he
could hear her steady breathing mixed with the occasional sob she cried for
him. Getting up, he left his room and shuffled down the hallway.

His bare feet were freezing as he walked across the stone floor to where
Ryoko lay. She was shivering and crying, a sight that made Hiroki damn his
cold heart to hell and back.

As he gazed down upon her, he again felt his heart seize him with fear as he
remembered a time that they had been happy together. A time that they had,
had no worries for their future as long as they had each other. A time that
he had promised to never make her cry.

Feeling the past promise he had whispered to Ryoko the night he had told her
how he felt about her, Hiroki knelt beside her and pulled her hair back from
her face.

Ryoko's eyes opened in fear as she turned her head to look at him.
"Hiroki...?"

He nodded and planted a kiss on her forehead. "Ryoko....can you ever forgive
me?"

"Does this mean that you have made up your mind?" Ryoko asked softly. "Just
tell me that you don't love me and I'll leave you alone, Hiroki. I promise."

Hiroki smiled. Brushing his lips past her ear he whispered, "I will never
leave you alone, Ryoko. And I won't lie to you. I....don't hate you. I'm
still very much in love with you."

Ryoko shifted her position and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I'm glad
to hear you say that. I was beginning to think that I should leave whether
you said something or not."

Hiroki nodded as he sat back. "Didn't I tell you not to sleep on the floor
again?"

Ryoko blushed. "Yes you did. But I figured that if I slept on the floor,
you'd have second thoughts on your answer. Just because you don't let people
sleep on the floor."

"Well...it worked. In a way." Hiroki admitted as he picked her up.

She was still trembling with coldness and joy as Hiroki took her back to his
room. Laying her down and pulling the covers up around her, he sat on the
edge of the bed and ran a hand through her hair.

"Hiroki? Did you really mean it when you said you'd never leave me?" Ryoko
asked quietly.

He gave her a quick nod. "I did. A long time ago, there was a young boy who
was madly in love with this girl he had grown up with. Only problem was, the
girl didn't know he loved her. The years passed and finally the boy told her
about his feelings. The girl cried."

Hiroki paused and looked down at Ryoko. "The boy was sad because he thought
the girl was crying because she didn't love him in return. The boy
apologized numerous times before promising her that he had never meant to
make her cry and that he'd never make her cry again."

Ryoko smiled as she finished the story. "And then the girl started crying
even harder as she tried her best not to laugh because she loved the boy as
well. She made him promise to never leave her alone. He promised, and the
girl cried even more when the boy said that he loved her."

Hiroki nodded. "You always did cry too much, Ryoko."

"I couldn't help it. It was a tough time in my life." Ryoko replied airily.

Hiroki sighed. "I know. But...I made it better, didn't I?" He asked
teasingly.

Ryoko wrapped an arm around his neck. "Oh yes, you did."

Hiroki chuckled. "I love you, Ryoko Hakubi. And I'd be lying if I said that
there wasn't a day that passed that I didn't think of you. I thought of you
every day and hoped that you were happy. But, when things turned upside down
for you, all I could do was hope and pray that you'd be free one day."

"I'm free now, Hiroki. I'm as free now as I was back then, if not more. I
have a new family and friends. My mother, my aunts...and you. That is all I
ever need." Ryoko whispered as she stared into Hiroki's eyes.

"I'm glad..." Hiroki answered as he gently kissed her. Ryoko returned the
kiss with a hunger as the night set in over the two lovers, both remembering
the love they once knew. Both...picking up where they had left off.

* * *

Stretching her arms out, Ryoko casually hit something that mumbled, "Ouch."
Giggling, Ryoko looked behind her to see Hiroki. His arm was around her
waist as his head was nestled in her hair.

"Good morning." Ryoko squeaked as she poked him. "Come on wake up, you
promised that we'd go visit Vyndel today."

Hiroki opened an eye. "But...Ryoko..." He whined. "Wasn't visiting Procyon
yesterday enough? I'm worn out. Not to mention last nights lesson." He
grinned smugly as Ryoko landed a playful punch on his arm.

"Please...come on Hiroki! We'll reach Corpus Hager by night fall, so what
will it hurt?" Ryoko wheedled.

Hiroki sighed. "Alright, fine. Sheesh, just two days ago, you were jumping
down my throat and ignoring me. Today, you're begging me to take you to
Vyndel....ugh, I will never get used to this."

"Hey, just be happy that I'm not still jumping down your throat or ignoring
you, or else you may never have realized that you still loved me." Ryoko
chimed as she jumped up from his embrace.

Hiroki chuckled as he slid from the bed to get dressed. He stifled his
laughter as he saw Ryoko struggling to get her foot inside the pants leg of
her jeans as she hopped around the room. Finally succeeding, she grabbed her
shirt and threw it on, her fingers quickly buttoning it up.

She turned back to Hiroki and frowned. "What are you waiting for?!"

Hiroki snapped back to reality and quickly got dressed, his charade
resembling Ryoko's as he tried finding the opening of the pant leg. Where as
Ryoko was able to maintain her balance, Hiroki fell flat on his face.

Ryoko stifled her giggles at him as she turned to brush out her hair.

Hiroki picked himself up and dusted off his pants. Seeing Ryoko trying to
keep a straight face, he wrapped his arms around her tightly. Ryoko wrinkled
her nose. "Uh, do you mind?"

"Not at all." Hiroki replied as he kissed her gently and then left the room
with Ryoko close on his heels. She grabbed Ryo-Ohki as she teleported
herself and Hiroki onto Vyndel's grounds.

Ryoko looked around in astonishment. "Wow! This place is really.....
something else."

Hiroki agreed as he took her hand and led her through the over crowded
streets of the small colony.

* * *

Washu wrinkled her brow. A tiny red dot blinked on her screen as it moved
slowly across a map of bar grids. Sighing with relief, Washu sat back.

She had no doubts that the power surge on Vega that morning was from Ryoko.
And she had no doubt that Ryoko was safe for the time being. She was with
Ryo-Ohki and another person that Washu couldn't identify.

But they were four days from Vega, their location no longer inside the
Bayotu System. Washu had watched the moving dot travel away from Vega where
it stopped at Rigel and unloaded a single person.

They didn't stop again until they reached the Northern Quadrants of the
Spica System, where they detoured Procyon and now Vyndel. Washu chuckled.
Her daughter had always had a knack for picking out the expensive places to
visit. Washu inwardly felt sorry for whoever Ryoko was with.

If they were with Ryoko, they were in serious trouble.

'Yeah..' Washu thought lightly. 'Financial trouble.'

Her laughter echoed off the walls of her lab as she continued to watch the
little red dot.

* * *

"HIROKI! DINNER!" Ryoko called from the small kitchen.

Hiroki turned to see Ryoko set a plate down on a small table in the living
room. He got up and followed her back to the kitchen where he gave her a
quick hug. "Smells good." He commented as he helped her set the table.

"I just hope it turned out okay." Ryoko muttered as she sat down.

Hiroki wrinkled his nose at her. "It'll be fine. Besides, I don't complain."

Ryoko shot him a look that made Hiroki cough nervously as he took a small
bite of the curry on his plate. "Wow, this is really good."

Ryoko breathed her relief as she joined him, her mind on other things.

* * *

"WASHU...DINNER'S READY!" Sasami called from the kitchen to the woman who
sat curled up on the couch flipping through a photo album. Setting the book
down to an open page, Washu shuffled to the kitchen.

Tenchi was coming down the stairs when he noticed the album and decided to
take a quick look. His brown eyes skimmed over a page with pictures of Ryoko
and another girl Tenchi didn't know.

On the next page was a large photo decked out with a purple and blue border
of Ryoko on the back of a young man with black hair and maroon looking eyes.
His face had a smile plastered on it as Ryoko's expression showed that she
was laughing as she was taken around on piggyback.

Tenchi knew instantly who was in the picture with Ryoko and frowned.
'Hiroki.' Tenchi told himself as ran a finger over Ryoko. Holding back his
anger and jealousy for the man in the picture, Tenchi shut the book and went
to dinner.

Everyone was relatively quiet that night except for Mihoshi who was babbling
something about a new partner. The blonde detective was thrilled to hear
that GPHQ was sending her a partner to patrol the Sol System, and she
insisted on telling everybody she came across.

Washu picked at her dinner before pushing herself to her feet. She thanked
Sasami for the dinner and said that she had some things to do in the lab and
that she would take her plate with her to eat when she got hungry.

Sasami nodded slowly and watched Washu leave the room where she grabbed the
photo album and retreated to her lab.

The young princess never said anything about it, but she knew that Washu
wouldn't eat. This was a charade that the scientist had been playing for the
past three days. That she was busy, would take dinner with her and eat when
she got hungry, when she was really feeding it to her specimens.

Sasami frowned and looked out the window. Ever since last week, Sasami had
worried about the woman's condition. She wasn't eating properly, she wasn't
sleeping and she seemed distant. More so than before.

Closing her eyes, she sent a silent prayer to Tsunami asking the goddess to
return Ryoko to them so that they could go back to being a family like they
used to be, before Ryoko left and everything fell apart around them.

* * *

Hiroki was climbing into bed for a small nap before they reached Corpus
Hager, when Ryoko stuck her head into the room.

"Hiroki? I was wondering....it's been a month since I left my family on
Earth. And I was hoping that maybe, after you finish tending to whatever
business you have on Corpus Hager, if we could....um, go visit uh, Earth?"
Ryoko asked uncertainly.

Hiroki picked his head up off the pillow and smiled at her. "Of course,
Ryoko. Besides...I'm interested in meeting this Tenchi..."

Ryoko cringed a bit. "I'm sure he feels the same, Hiroki."

"Just promise me one thing though." Hiroki added thoughtfully.

Ryoko smirked. "Anything."

"Make sure mommy dearest doesn't skin me alive." Hiroki whined.

Ryoko snorted and rolled her eyes as she turned around to leave. As she spun
around, Sirius shuddered, his jerking causing Ryoko to fall backwards. She
yelped when she shot her left arm out to break her fall, the impact snapping
something inside.

Ryoko felt the bite of the break as the already shattered bone snapped in
two, the jagged edge ripping through her flesh.

Hiroki scrambled from the bed and over to her side as Sirius jerked again.
"What's going on?" Ryoko shouted as she cradled her broken arm.

"It feels like Sirius is under attack. Wait here." Hiroki dashed to the
bridge where he felt his stomach drop.

The opened vid-window displayed close to a hundred ships that belonged to
various bounty hunter's within the Guild. He paled as he felt that his heart
was going to explode.

"Hiroki?"

Hiroki spun around to see an ashen Ryoko staring sadly at the vid-screen.
Hiroki shook his head. 'No use lying to her now.' Hiroki chided as he closed
his eyes. "Ryoko....I'm sorry."

Ryoko's eyes glazed over. "What are you talking about? Hiroki?"

"Ryoko...before, we were together...I radioed the Hunters Guild saying that
I had you in my possession. Your bounty is still out there and greater than
any bounty ever passed. I was to turn you over to them as soon as we reached
the checkpoint. You'd be taken in and I'd make a clean get-away."

Ryoko frowned. "You...set me...up?"

Hiroki hung his head.

"You SET me UP! Hiroki, I trusted YOU! I can't believe that you would do
something like this to ME!" Ryoko cried as she stared at him angrily.

Hiroki shook his head. "I'M SORRY! This was planned before us! Before
everything we've done in the past few days. Nothing before us matters.
Please, leave while you can."

"I CAN'T! WE'RE SURROUNDED!"

Hiroki looked at the vid-window. "Then...trust me."

Ryoko gasped. "Trust you? Again? I trusted you once. Look where it got me. I
trusted you a second time. Now I'm here, and you're asking me to trust you
for a THIRD time?! Give me one good reason why I should!"

Hiroki turned around and placed both his hands on her face. "Because I'm
your only chance!"

Ryoko's eyes held tears in them as she hung her head. "I....trust you."

"Ryoko....I'm so sorry. If I had known that we would end up as we are now, I
would have never made claim that you were on my ship. I promised all those
years ago to protect you...let me make good on that promise now." Hiroki
begged as he embraced her.

"It won't do us any good....but you are welcome to try."

Hiroki stepped back. Staring in her sad golden eyes, he quickly kissed her
and turned to the controls. "Can you operate a gun with one hand?"

Ryoko snorted. "Who the hell do you think that you're talking to? Sato?"

Hiroki chuckled as Ryoko stood beside him, her eyes narrowed slits of angry
gold. Her fangs were visible and frightening even to Hiroki as she took her
spot at the controls of a laser gun. She looked at Hiroki and nodded.

Hiroki turned to the vid-window and hailed the ship in command.

"Aw, General Yoshida. So good to see you that you've responded to our
calls." A young man with menacing red eyes seethed.

Hiroki sneered at him. "Lt. Kayuga, what the hell do you think you are
doing?"

The man laughed. "Trying to claim our prize, of course. Did you not, report
back saying that you had Space Pirate Ryoko onboard your ship and that you
would make a drop off at the Hager Checkpoint?"

Hiroki sighed. "I won't let you have her without a fight. And even then, the
only way you'll get to her is if you kill me!"

"Hiroki NO!" Ryoko rasped from her post.

Hiroki ignored her. "Lt. Kayuga, I suggest that you step down unless you
wanna be in a whole world of pain. I will not tolerate this kind of
insubordination from you."

The other man wrinkled his brow. "I'm sorry, Hiroki...but you no longer have
the authority to make me stand down. Now, hand over the demon or die trying
to protect that tramp!"

"No one calls her a demon and if I ever hear you call her such things again,
I'll personally take your family jewels and sell them on the black market!"
Hiroki vented as he fired a blast at the command ship.

Ryoko was holding her tears back as she watched Hiroki lay into the Guilds
commanding cruiser. "Ryoko...any time!"

"RIGHT!" Ryoko agreed as she manned the gun, the laser blasts impacting the
ships forcefully.

Sirius circled the fleet a few times, dodging the better half of the blasts
from the Guild ships. Ryoko felt her knees begin to buckle as she fired the
last plasma blast from the laser cannon. "SHIT! I'M OUT!"

Hiroki's face paled as he maneuvered the ship around the attacks. It wasn't
long before he dodged the wrong way allowing Sirius to take a blast from the
back.

Ryoko lurched forward and then back as she landed rather hard on the floor.
Hiroki had managed to catch his balance on the control panel as the ship
took another direct hit.

Darkness fell around the two as Hiroki claimed, "All auxiliary
power....gone. We're sitting ducks....Ryoko....?"

"....I....know."

Hiroki punched the control panel, a small screen reacting and popping up
from his tactic. "Nothing. They took out both of Sirius' engines and his
main generator. His backup generator....DAMN! I knew I should have fixed
that before I left Rigel."

Ryoko closed her eyes. "Don't...blame yourself."

Hiroki shook his head. "Gods....I never meant for any of this to happen. If
only I could go back and do things differently....Ryoko, I'm sorry." He
turned around to see her hugging her knees to her chest, her eyes closed.

Hiroki knelt beside her and wrapped his arms around her tightly. "Hey, cheer
up....remember how we promised each other that we'd always be together? Just
think of this....as a promise well kept."

Ryoko wrapped her right arm around him in return as she buried her face in
his chest. "It's no that....my mother...I never....told her goodbye. Or
that...I love her." Ryoko whispered.

Hiroki stroked her hair tenderly. "I'm sure that she knows, Ryoko. And
she'll always be with you. Right here....with us." Hiroki kissed the top of
her head as the ships alarms began going off to warn them of a power loss.

The alarms died down as a bright red engulfed the ship in flames.

"I love you, Ryoko....."

"....And, I love you more....Hiroki....we'll never be alone....again...."
Ryoko whispered as the ship was swallowed by the energy blast, everything
burning in an angry flame as Hiroki held Ryoko.

Closing her eyes, Ryoko took a deep breath and one last thought. 'I'll
never....be alone again....' She told herself as the ship exploded, both
lovers holding each other afraid to let go as they lived their last moments
together.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
'Fly'

Fly, fly little wing
Fly beyond imagining
The softest cloud, the whitest dove.
Upon the wind of heaven's love
Past the planets and the stars
Leave this lonely world of ours...
Escape the sorrow and the pain
And fly again.........

Fly, fly precious one
Your endless journey has begun
Take your gentle happiness.
Far too beautiful for this
Cross over to the other shore
There is peace forevermore...
But hold this mem'ry bittersweet
Until we meet.......

Fly, fly do not fear
Don't waste a breath, don't shed a tear
Your heart is pure, your soul is free
Be on your way, don't wait for me.
Above the universe you'll climb
On beyond the hands of time...
The moon will rise, the sun will set
But I won't forget......

Fly, fly little wing
Fly where only angels sing...
Fly away, the time is right
Go now, find the light......


