Call me Mother! Part 4! *~*By NeptuneDream*~*

  *sigh* This one story which I intended to stay one story, has developed
into 4 highly confusing parts as of now. ^_^;; meh! I'm having fun! ^_^ AS
ALWAYS, TENCHI MUYO AND ALL CHARACTERS ARE PROPERTY OF PIONEER AND AIC!!!
EMAIL ME AT NETUNEDREAM@N2SUN.COM!!! Have fun! Good stuff coming up soon!
--------------------------------
   As Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu entered Washu's lab, they heard a strange
noise coming from the farthest back sections of the alternate dimensions.
Ryoko looked around. "What the hell?"
Tenchi shuddered. "This is...where we were in the dream, Washu, you were
right..."
Washu nodded. "This is it. What IS that noise?"
They cautiously moved to the back of the lab, heading towards the noise.
Tenchi glanced nervously at Washu, then at Ryoko, then back to the depths to
which they were walking, his hand clenched around the Tenchi-ken.
Washu looked back at Tenchi. "The sound is getting closer..."
 "What the hell is it?" Ryoko wondered.
Washu shook her head as she continued walking. "I don't kn...!" She suddenly
fell face first on the ground with a squeak.
Tenchi looked desperately for a light switch, or something that would allow
them to see what had happened. But before he found something, a high-pitched
scream answered his question for him.
 "MIHOSHI!!!!!!!!!!"
 "I'm sorry, Washu, I'm sorry...!" Mihoshi sniffled.
Ryoko sweatdropped. "What are you doing down here, Mihoshi?"
Mihoshi attempted to stop crying. "Well, I...lost something down here
earlier, and then I got lost trying to look for it, and...and then I got
really hungry...and I couldn't find any food, and then I got scared, it was
so dark, and then...and then...," she sniffled. "And then you tripped over
me, Washu!"
Washu's eyebrow twitched as she tried to hold back another outburst. "Well,
Mihoshi, if you wouldn't have COME DOWN HERE without even notifying me, then
YOU WOULDN'T BE IN THIS POSITION, NOW WOULD YOU?"
Mihoshi then started to cry once again. "I'm sorry, Washu..."
Washu sighed, then proceded to give Mihoshi a hug. "It's okay, darling, I
understand."
Ryoko and Tenchi just stood there, slack-jawed. Ryoko leaned to Tenchi and
whispered in his ear. "I thought this would be the end of Mihoshi," she
said, "I've never seen Washu act like this before..."
Tenchi just nodded in agreement.
Washu picked herself, dusted herself off, and gave Mihoshi a hand up. She
gave her another hug, and smiled kindly at her. "I think there's some food
waiting for you upstairs, if you look." She pointed to a door, which had
just appeared, with a big red "EXIT" sign over the top.
Mihoshi quickly brightened up. "Really? Oh thank you, Washu!" She giggled
and ran off, in the direction Washu was pointing.
Washu watched, smiling just a bit, as Mihoshi ran off happily and exited the
lab.
Ryoko tapped her on the shoulder. "Uhh, Washu, you okay?"
Washu turned to Ryoko, her eyes shining. "It wasn't her fault," she said,
"She's such a sweet thing. Perhaps I'm too harsh on her sometimes..."
Ryoko sweatdropped.
Washu turned to Tenchi, her look hardening. "Shall we keep looking?"
Tenchi nodded. "Uh-huh..." He had a blank stare.
As Washu walked off, Tenchi and Ryoko just shrugged and followed.
Tenchi walked behind Washu, not being able to see an inch in front of him.
<I wonder how she knows where she's going?>
Washu suddenly held out a hand behind her, notifying them to stop. "I hear
something else," she whispered.
"What is it, Washu?" asked Tenchi.
"I...I don't know..."
A large sphere of light suddenly shattered the darkness.
Ryoko's eyes widened as she saw what...or who, was in front of her.
Standing in front of the trio, was the trio. Washu, Tenchi, and Ryoko stood
in front of the surprised group.
Washu waved a hand in front of her 'double's' face, and watched as it did
the same.
Ryoko turned herself in different directions, and her other self did the
exact same as she did, at the exact same time. She put her face close to her
double's. "I think it's a mirror," she said.
 Suddenly, Ryoko's double's eyes turned white, and she fired a blast of
energy at Ryoko from close range. Ryoko let out a small scream and jumped to
the side, narrowly missing the pathway. "What the hell is this, Washu?" she
called.
Washu looked at her. "I...I don't know..." she couldn't finish her sentence,
as her double had just tackled her to the ground, a lightsaber in hand.
Tenchi looked around. Ryoko was fighting herself, Washu was fighting
herself. He looked straight in front of him as he saw his double looking at
him, eyes glowing white, smiling evily. He withdrew the Tenchi-ken, and the
battle began.
------------------------------------
END OF PART 4!
  Yep! It was short! But I want to put the battle in a chapter by itself. I
hope you're enjoying this! Sure, every part is quite short, but when you put
all the chapters together, including the first one, you get a good sized
story! Plus, there are at least 2 more chapters coming up! FOR COPYRIGHT
INFO AND EMAIL ADDRESS, SEE ABOVE AUTHOR'S NOTES! ^_^ Thanks a lot! See you
soon!
*~*NeptuneDream*~*

