         Call me Mother! Part 5 *~*By NeptuneDream*~*

Hello hello!!!  Kyoo, otenki wa kumori ya ame ya mushiatsui da, (Way too
mushiatsui...lol) so I'll write another chapter... The battle begins! I hope
to make this longer than the last chapter ^-^;;....READ BELOW FOR COPYRIGHT
NOTICES AND BLAH BLAH....Here goes!
--------------------------------------------

   Tenchi looked around. In all this time fighting since he had met everyone
and discovered his Juraian powers, he had never seen anything so strange. To
his left, Ryoko was fighting herself. To his left, Washu was fighting
herself. His double was standing in front of him, Tenchi-ken double in hand,
mentally challenging him. A red symbol resembling a Hiragana letter Hi
glowed on his forehead for a moment, then disappeared. Tenchi withdrew his
own sword, then got into battle stance. Their swords clashed, and Tenchi
struggled against his own power, literally. His double backed up just a bit.
Tenchi attempted to stab his double, whilst blocking his attacks. The double
produced a sphere of energy, sending it at him, but Tenchi held out his
sword and absorbed the attacks. He smiled to himself mentally, knowing that
soon, if he gained enough energy, he would be able to create the Light Hawk
Wings, and the battle against himself would be won.
----------------------------------------

     Ryoko powered up once more. She sighed slightly and threw a small
glance in Tenchi's direction, hoping she would be able to help him like she
said she would. This was harder than she thought. She looked back just in
time as she saw her double flying straight in her direction, lightsaber in
hand. She quickly created a lightsaber of her own and caught her double in
midair, pushing against her as hard as she could, trying to block her. <This
reminds me so much of the Zero incident,> she thought as she used all her
physical strength against herself. A sudden idea came to her. Powering up
once again, she created a good size blast of energy as she continued to
block her double off. She released it at the other Ryoko, hitting her at
very close range. Her double flew back about 20 feet, before landing hard on
her back. Ryoko gasped as the other Ryoko got up once again. She had already
hit her enough to kill a regular enemy. She powered up more, and released a
barrage of blasts at!
 her double. <I...I can't give up...> To her surprise, the other Ryoko
merely created a shield which absorbed her attacks, each hitting the shield
with a white flash of light. Ryoko breathed heavily, she was losing energy
fast, and here enemy was still coming strong.
--------------------------------------

       Washu cursed. She was really a proficient fighter! She had done
everything she had thought of, swordfighting, ammunition, and her double was
not going to give up any time soon. She scanned her mind as she tried to
think of something she had not yet resorted to. Suddenly, it came to her. A
small smile spread across her face as she thought about the results. <Why
didn't I think of it sooner...?> She was going to use her goddess powers.
She had kept very few for herself when she transferred them to Ryoko's gems,
but what she had could do the job quickly. She sighed just a bit and powered
up more, seeing her double coming at her full force, a blue letter
resembling a Hiragana Ro glowing on her forehead for a short moment. Washu
closed her eyes and put her arms out to her sides, creating an energy field.
Some unknown force blew her hair skyward as she floated inches off the
ground. A crimson ring surrounded her as the power was released. The other
Washu was stopped short as !
she was hit with a red beam of incredible power. She disappeared, engulfed
by the deep red light, leaving only a spherical blue jewel. Washu floated to
the ground, calmly straightened her hair, and walked away.
------------------------------------

    Tenchi had enough strength to make the Light Hawk Wings. As he brought
them out, the other Tenchi watched, breathing heavily. He released them and
charged at the double, cutting him completely in half. The other Tenchi
exploded into a burst of light, leaving only a circular red jewel which
glowed for a moment, then disappeared. Tenchi sighed and wiped his brow.
-----------------------------------

    Ryoko, in all her years of destruction and massacre, had never fought
anything as hard as this in all her existence. She was almost completely out
of energy. She breathed in gasps as she watched her enemy, lightsaber in
hand, panting just a bit. The enemy looked up, and spoke to her.
"You took him away from me, Ryoko."
Ryoko's eyes widened in surprise. "Who are you, and what do you want?"
The figure smiled. "I want you to eternally suffer for your sins. I loved
him too, Ryoko, and you stole him away from me, just like the sirens."
"A..Are you...?"
The figure glowed a bright white. "Princess Aeka of Jurai."
Ryoko gasped.
Aeka laughed. "Surprised? I wouldn't be. Are you really slow enough to think
I'd leave without another word, after you stole my Tenchi from me? We were
destined to be together, Ryoko."
 "He just didn't want to marry a bitch," growled Ryoko.
Suddenly, Washu and Tenchi came running.
 "Ryoko, are you okay?" Washu asked. Then she saw Aeka. "Oh my God..."
 "Hello, Washu..."
Tenchi gasped. "Aeka..."
Aeka looked at Tenchi and Washu. "You...survived..."
Washu nodded. "We destroyed them, Aeka..."
Aeka clenched her fist and looked down. "Azaka...Kamidake...YOU TOOK THEM
AWAY FROM ME!"
 "Why did you send them after us?" asked Tenchi.
 Aeka looked at them, eyes burning. "I wanted everyone who was involved in
this demon's marriage to Tenchi should die. I knew that if I killed Ryoko
and Washu, he would have nothing to do with me. So, I figured, if I can't
have Tenchi, no one should be able to. Sasami came back to Earth because she
knew what I was going to do, and she wanted nothing of it.That is why I am
here. To rid the universe of rejects like you...and now, you've killed Azaka
and Kamidake...You've ruined my entire life...And you will pay with your
lives, in the name of Jurai's Royal Family!"
Ryoko glared at Aeka. "I can't believe you've sunk so low..."
Aeka smiled, fire in her eyes. "Believe it, Ryoko, I'm back!"
Aeka powered up, a violet ring surrounding her feet. "This is it! Good bye
Tenchi, I've always loved you!" Aeka's power logs appeared, each shooting
multiple energy blasts at each of them.
Washu dodged one. "Tenchi, what should we do?"
Tenchi created a shield. "What we have to do."
Ryoko sighed. This was it.
Tenchi created the Light Hawk Wings. He charged at Aeka.
Ryoko watched as Tenchi stopped short.
Aeka held a lightsaber, much like Ryoko's, in one hand. Ryoko's eyes
followed it to Tenchi, where she saw the other side, bright red, protruding
from Tenchi's back.
"TENCHI!" Ryoko screamed.
Aeka pushed him off the end of the sword. He was dead. Ryoko burst into near
hysterics, and Washu came and wrapped her arms around her. Ryoko buried her
head into her mother's shoulder and cried as hard as she could. Washu patted
her daughter's back, and glared at Aeka.
Aeka glared right back. "And now it's your turn."
Ryoko let go of Washu and glared at Aeka, her cheeks stained with tears.
"I...I can't believe you did that...I promised Tenchi I'd protect him. My
promise was a lie...I WILL NOT LOSE TO YOU, AEKA!"
Aeka laughed bitterly. "You have brought it on to yourself, with your sloth
and fake love."
Ryoko glowed red. "It was not fake love. It was REAL love, and you're just
in denial because you don't want to realize finally that Tenchi..." she held
back tears. "That Tenchi didn't love you, he loved me, with everything he
had." Tears ran down her face. "Mom, help me..."
Washu stepped forward.
They both powered up.
Aeka also powered up, her power logs appearing around her.
Washu closed her eyes and concentrated her power into Ryoko.
Ryoko put her hands together and formed a small spear-shaped crystal between
them. As they both powered up, the crystal became larger. It soon developed
into a crystal spear which was so large Ryoko had to hold it with two hands.
She looked at Aeka. "Bye..." She hurled the spear with all her strength.
Surrounded by electricity, it flew straight towards Aeka. It struck her in
the chest. She screamed.
 "I'll be with you, Azaka, Kamidake..." she disappeared in a burst of light.
Ryoko fell to her knees, sobbing about Tenchi's loss.
Washu sighed and examined Tenchi's body. Ryoko came over, and rubbed his
chest, tears running down her cheek. "It took me so long to get you," she
whispered, "And now it's all gone...It's all gone..." She put his hand to
her face, his blood leaving a smear on her cheek. "I'll miss you always, my
Tenchi..." She closed her eyes and sighed, attempting to compose herself.
Washu watched her. She sighed again. <I do way too much for this girl...Oh
well, she IS my daughter...She looked at Ryoko. "Now, you and Tenchi don't
get into too much trouble, okay?"
Ryoko looked at Washu. "What do you mean...? Washu?
Washu smiled a little and waved a finger. "And you two have a happy life,
you hear me?"
Ryoko just stood there.
 "You hear me?"
Ryoko nodded.
 "See you later, Little Ryoko."
Washu placed her hands on Tenchi's chest.
Ryoko watched as a bright light was emitted, and Tenchi glowed. "Washu..."
Washu felt herself getting weaker. She sent a bit more energy into Tenchi,
and then stopped, breathing heavily. "There...that should be enough..."
Ryoko watched with teary eyes as Washu collapsed.
-----------------------------------------------
Tenchi opened his eyes. Ryoko stared down at him, tears running down her
cheek.
 "Tenchi?"
 "Hi, Ryoko..."
 "How are you? Are you okay?"
 "Yeah, Ryoko, I feel fine, why?"
 "Washu saved you."
Tenchi got up. Ryoko instantly ran to him and kissed him. He kissed back
with a smile, and pulled away. He looked around him.  A red jewel and a blue
jewel lay in the distance. A large crystal spear lying in a pool of blood
sat a few feet away. To his right was Washu, unconscious. He looked back at
Ryoko.
 "What happened to Aeka?"
 "We killed her," Ryoko said with a shrug.
Tenchi looked disturbed. He walked over to the jewels, once the main power
source to his friends Azaka and Kamidake. He remembered Aeka, when she had
captured Tenchi and Ryoko while they were on Ryo-Ohki, and how much of a
friend she was to him. He held back a tear as he turned to Ryoko. He handed
her the jewels. "I want you to keep these. Aeka may have wanted bad things
in the end, but she was our friend. She has done so much for us, and she was
part of our family. Always remember her, Ryoko, whether you liked her or
not, she was part of the wonderful friendship we've held for so long."
Ryoko nodded, tears flowing.
Tenchi looked at Washu. "Is...is she okay?"
Ryoko shook her head. "I'm not sure." Ryoko slipped Azaka and Kamidake's
jewels into her pocket.
Tenchi carefully picked up Washu. She felt warm. "I don't think she's dead,"
he said, "Let's go back."
Ryoko nodded and looked around. The place where they had just fought, and
won their lives back, they had also lost a true friend. Ryoko never got to
tell Aeka how much she really cared about her, and now it was too late.
Ryoko ripped a piece of fabric off her shirt and dipped it in the pool of
blood which was once Aeka's. She wrapped the fabric in another piece to keep
it safe and out it in her pocket with the jewels. She walked with Tenchi out
of the lab.
------------------------------------------------
They came through the door of Washu's lab. "Sasami, where is everyone?"
Tenchi asked.
Sasami ran up to them. "Mihoshi and Kiyone are on patrol. Where were you?"
Tenchi sighed. "Aeka came back...We...We had to destroy her before she hurt
us..."
Sasami nodded sadly. "I knew she would try it sooner or later...My sister's
gone..." She began to cry.
Tenchi hugged her. "She died peacefully, Sasami. She truly loves all of us,
there must have been some sort of power controlling her to act the way she
did."
Sasami nodded, her face buried in Tenchi's chest. "I know, Tenchi, I'm just
going to miss her so much."
Tenchi nodded. "We all are, Sasami, we all are."
Sasami looked up. "Where's Washu?"
Tenchi pointed to the lab door. "She's resting, she got kind of hurt..."
 "Is she okay?"
 "She should be fine."
Sasami nodded, tears running down her face. "I hope so, I can't stand any
more losses..."
Sasami continued to cry on Tenchi.
-------------------------------------------------

Washu awakened in her lab. Ryoko sat next to her, smiling.
 "Hi Mom!"
Washu winced slightly as a headache formed. "Ryoko, how long has it been?"
"Well, you were out for...two days as of an hour ago."
"What the...? Two days?! I am SO behind!"
Before Ryoko could say anything else, Washu hopped down and ran to the
depths of her lab. Ryoko followed. She met Washu near a big machine.
 "Well, do you have them?"
 "Have what?"
 "The jewels and the DNA?"
 "How did you...?"
 "Mental connection, I can see back to what you've been doing." Washu smiled
a bit. The headache was getting to her.
 Ryoko nodded blankly. "Umm yeah, here they are." She handed her the jewels
from the Guardians and the blood from the spear.. "What are you going to do
with them?"
 "I'm going to pull a rabbit out of them," she said sarcastically. '<Nice
one, you need to get out more, that's some great sarcasm you've got
there...>' "What do you think I'm going to do? I'm going to bring them back,
that's what!"
Ryoko looked at her, confused. "But, why? I thought Aeka was evil..."
Washu shook her head. "There was something controlling her. What it was, I
can't say. But I know a way to get it out of the DNA sample you collected.
Then, if I reproduce the DNA to remake her, there will only be a 98.2%
chance of any more 'bad blood' getting in there. She'll be just like she was
before this happened.  I can also reproduce Azaka and Kamidake. It'll just
be a minute..."
Ryoko hugged her. "You do too much for me, Washu."
Washu nodded. "I know."
----------------------------------------

It had been a day since Washu had brought Aeka, Azaka, and Kamidake back.
Ryoko, Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Sasami, Aeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone sat on the roof
of the Masaki household, watching the shooting stars. Washu slept next to
Ryoko, still extremely drained from the incident.
Sasami tugged at Aeka's kimono. "Aren't they pretty, Aeka?"
Aeka smiled. "Yes, Sasami, they certainly are."
Ryoko leaned her head on Tenchi's shoulder. "Tenchi?"
"Yes?"
"Do you love me?"
"I think I've heard that question before, you know the answer."
"Say it, Tenchi, I like to hear it."
"I love you Ryoko, and I will always be with you."
Ryoko smiled. "That's good to hear."
She looked at Washu, stil asleep. "She does way too much for us, you know
that?"
Tenchi nodded. "I know, I've always thought so."
"She cares about us almost too much, doesn't she, Tenchi?"
"I think that might be right."
Ryoko thought back about everything that had happened since she and Washu
had that fight so long ago. Many bad things happened, and trees burned down,
but from those trees grew flowers, and new trees. She had strengthened her
relationship with her mother and her creator so much since then, since Washu
mentioned she wanted to be called Mother. Ryoko had found out that Washu was
really her mother, because she cared for her more than anyone in her whole
life. Everything bad that happened, Washu's love for her had fixed. Ryoko
looked at her family, the people she would spend the rest of her life with,
and knew that they would be there with her through anything. She looked back
to her mother, and for the first time in her life, considered herself lucky.
-------------------------------------

 THE END!!!!!
MEGA AUTHOR'S RANTINGS.

 *sniff* they grow up so fast. Well, that was pretty weird, now wasn't it?
*sigh* I'm almost kinda sad that it's over, even though I never thought it
was much good. I thank you all for everything you've done for me, all the
comments, readings, blah blah blah.  I'd like to give my special thanks to
Jeremy, Arden, Blizzard (for keeping me going!), Brandon, Lindsay, and my
brother, Jory. THANKS SO MUCH! I LOVE YOU ALL! AS ALWAYS, TENCHI MUYO! IS
COPYRIGHT BY PIONEER AND AIC! I DID NOT CREATE THEM! THANKS EVERYONE FOR
BEING SO WONDERFUL! ^_^ I appreciate it so much! NOW, THE MOST IMPORTANT
PART, PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, IDEAS FOR A NEW STORY, AND
WHATEVER YOU WANT (Washu is a good topic to talk about with me ^_^) AT
NEPTUNEDREAM@N2SUN.COM!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'LL SEE YOU ALL LATER! *Gives a V for
Victory sign* I DID IT! THANKS! BYE!!!!!!!!!!! ^_~ ^_~ ^_~ ^_~ ^_~ ^_~ ^_~
Love Always, *~*NeptuneDream*~*