------------------------------------------------
 Hi everyone! This is the first SERIOUS fanfic that I've ever shared with
anyone. Of course, Tenchi Muyo! and all characters are property of Pioneer
and AIC. I really hope you all enjoy this! ^_^ ^_^ ^_^ You can email me at
NeptuneDream@n2sun.com...Thanks! Enjoy!
----------------------------------------------------------------------

                 Call Me Mother!              *~*By NeptuneDream *~*

                       It was yet ANOTHER beautiful day at the Masaki
household.  As Sasami Jurai finished preparing breakfast, the rest of the
household waited at the table.
                     "So, Tenchi, how about me and you go out tonight and
have a little fun?", asked Ryoko Hakubi as she appeared behind Tenchi Masaki
with her hands on his chest.
                    "Umm...No thanks, Ryoko, I have to get up early tomorrow
morning...maybe someone else can go with you..." he replied, smiling
nervously.
                     Nobuyuki Masaki smiled casually at Ryoko. "I'm not
doing anything tomorrow..."
                    "Haha. Don't touch me. But Tenchi, we never get to do
anything alone together! It's always with this bunch of weirdos...And you
KNOW we were meant to be alone together for all time!"
                    "ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!" exclaimed Aeka as she slammed her
cup of tea down on the table. "Tenchi, you must not ever do anything of the
sort with that...that monster!"
                    "Wanna make something of it, you little hussy?" growled
Ryoko.
                    "You guysss, stop fighting, you're scaring me!" sniffled
Mihoshi Kuramitsu from across the table.
                    "Stop it, you two!" declared Washuu Hakubi.  "I think
we've all had enough of your childishness! Anyways, we ALL know Tenchi would
like someone more...mature!"
                    "What are you talking about, Washu? You're nothing but a
child!" replied Ryoko.
                    "Ryoko dear, you know I am millenia older than you in
the first place, and anyways, I'm so much more beautiful! And so much
mature! And plus, I AM the greatest scientific genius in the universe! I
would be so much better off with Tenchi!"
                    "Washu! Just stay out of my lovelife!"
                    "But Ryoko dear, I'm your mother! A mother should take
interest in her little girl's life, shouldn't she?"
                   "Argh! Washu, you are not my mother! What can I do to
make you stay out of my lovelife?"
                   "One thing."
                   "What?"
                   "Call me mom."
                   "Now that I am NOT doing."
                   "Well then," said Washu, "Tenchi is mine!"
                   "DAMN IT, WASHU!" snarled Ryoko. "I am a space pirate. I
have gotten away with so much in my life, and I swear, you do not want to
know what I will do to you if you don't stay out of my private buisiness..."
Ryoko stopped suddenly and looked around. Everyone was gone.
                    "TENCHI! MIHOSHI! SASAMI! RYO-OHKI!.....Aeka...WHERE ARE
YOU GUYS?" she called to everyone. No one replied.
Suddenly, Tenchi poked his head out from inside his bedroom.
                   "Ryoko, I...WE are sick of being involved in your petty
fighting. Do not even think about doing anything until you resolve this.
When your little fight is over, come and get us."
                   Ryoko's eyes opened in shock as she saw Aeka's head poke
out from Tenchi's room, and stick her tounge out at her.
                  Ryoko turned to Washu, trying to hold back her anger.
Washu stood there, arms crossed, eyes closed.
                "All you had to do was call me mom," she said, shaking her
head. "Such a simple task. If you would have just acknowledged me as your
mother, none of this would have happened. Such a weakness, Ryoko..."
               "Washu.  I will never call you mother. My past has been
forgotten, by myself, and by everyone here, but you. I am warning you ahead
of time, get this 'mother' idea out of your head, and stay out of my life."
               "Ryoko, you don't seem to understand the fact that if it were
not for me, you would not be here right now. I created you, Ryoko, with
everything I could possibly give you.  I brought you from myself, with hopes
of creating you to be beautiful, powerful, perfect in many aspects. But I
now see you have weaknesses, Ryoko."
               Ryoko glared at Washu. "You're the weak one, 'mom'."
               Washu glanced at Ryoko. "Is that all you can say?" She
laughed bitterly. "Space Pirate..."
                Ryoko did not sound happy. "Did you just laugh at me??"
                Washu didn't reply.
                Ryoko finally let it out. "THAT IS IT! Washu, 'mom,' I
challenge you to a fight. If I win, you will stop trying to take Tenchi away
from me. I will not call you mom, and we will not ever mention the fact that
you created me. It will be forgotten. And...IF you win, you can have Tenchi
all you want. I will stay away from Tenchi as long as I am here. I will
treat you like my mother, and I will treat Tenchi like anyone else. Do we
have a deal?", Ryoko asked with a wicked smile as she held out her hand.
               Washu shook Ryoko's hand. "Deal."
                Ryoko smiled. "Great. See you tomorrow."
                They went their seperate ways.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Ryoko had just fired a huge blast straight at Washu, who merely dodged it,
taking slight damage. Washu charged up, glowing an electric green. Before
she had gained enough energy to fire a blast, Ryoko charged at her,
lightsaber in hand, slashing down on her. Washu took full damage and fell to
the ground. She attempted charging again, this time she had enough. This
energy blast would decide who would win and who would lose.  She gathered it
in her hands,  praying silently that she had made the right decision by
confirming the bet with Ryoko. She thought, in that quick moment, about her
pride at the moment she first saw Ryoko, her masterpiece, her creation, her
daughter. As she continued to power up the blast,  she looked at Ryoko,
still charging. It was as if time was giving her this moment to think.  She
thought about the love she thought she was going to recieve when she created
Ryoko. Seeing !
Ryoko smile filled her with emotion, seeing the love Ryoko could give if she
wanted. She looked up in that moment to see the only thing that really made
her happy anymore, Ryoko's smiling face,  as the space pirate brought her
lightsaber down on her creator.
          Washu looked up with a jerk. Panting, she looked around. She was
in her lab. It had all been a dream.
She looked at the ground, and prayed that what she had just seen would not
happen.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
          The day had come. The day of the fight. Washu and Ryoko stood
facing each other in an arena Washu had designed the previous night.
              "Well then," said Ryoko, "Shall we start?"
     Washu closed her eyes, and with a flair, she changed into her adult
form, in her own battle armor. She watched as Ryoko's red and black armor
appeared,  spreading over her entire body. Ryoko smiled bitterly at Washu.
             Washu nodded. "Yeah, I'm ready."
     They both started to power up,  Ryoko glowing a bright gold, and Washu
glowing a neon green.  Washu watched as a lightaber appeared in Ryoko's
hand, and noticed she herself was already charging up an energy blast.
<Please let me win...>
              Ryoko held her lightsaber in front of her. "Here we go!"
     Washu finished charging up as Ryoko started flying towards her,
holding her lightsaber straight out in front of her. Washu released the
energy in a barrage of blasts, Ryoko dodging them in midair. Washu looked up
to see Ryoko just feet away from her, flying. She quickly generated a
lightsaber, and with amazing force, the 2 lightabers clashed. Ryoko turned
around and stood at a distance, powering up. Washu sighed, closed her eyes,
and started powering up a blast with all her energy.  With all shields down,
she would be vulnerable to any attacks Ryoko would send while she was
powering up, but her energy source, if drained dry, could do the trick and
win the fight.  Ryoko sent a barrage of energy blasts, half of which hit
Washu. She winced as she took the hits, but still concentrated on the blast
she was forming.  She watched as Ryoko formed another lightsaber, and
charged at her, slashing her in the arm.  She gasped in pain, and then
realized the blast was ready. She had u!
sed practically all her energy in forming it. Ryoko charged up some more and
fired more energy blasts at her, but Washu just opened her arms and absorbed
the energy, adding it to the blast. She finally released it, sending it
straight at Ryoko. Ryoko stopped dead in her tracks as the blast hit her
with amazing force. She hit the ground hard, gasping for air. Washu kneeled
on one leg as she watched Ryoko, her wonderful masterpiece, dying on the
ground. She had done it. She walked up to Ryoko and opened her arms and
flowing energy was released, healing her.  She then teleported them to her
lab.

----------------------------------------------------------------

          "Ryoko, it's over, you're fine..."
   Ryoko found herself standing in Washu's lab, Washu in her adult form
looking at her, blood running down her arm.
         "Washu, you won..."
         Washu nodded silently.
         "I was so sure about it...But...How could it happen...? NO...It's
another one of your damn tricks! You lair...This is it!"
         Washu watched in horror as Ryoko held up one hand in front of her
face, a small energy blast forming in her palm. Washu then realized
something. Her act of kindness and care, healing Ryoko when she was about to
die, it had backfired. Washu knew that if she explained what happened, Ryoko
surely wouldn't believe her. Healing Ryoko gave her all her energy back
along with her health, and Washu was too weak to fight back, she herself had
not been healed.  Washu's eyes opened wide as she realized what was going to
happen. Her dream had been somewhat of an omen. Washu quickly sent her a
telepathic message, hoping that Ryoko hadn't blocked the mental pathway. She
told her everything that had happened during the fight, and everything she
had ever felt about Ryoko, all the love she had anticipated, and the
wonderful relationship she had truly hoped they would have, someday, all
concentrated into a split-second message. Just as the energy blast was
becoming large enough, Ryoko l!
ooked up in shock.
      "Washu...You did that...for me?", she asked in disbelief.
      "Of course I did, Ryoko. Out of all the years we've had together,
don't you relize all the affection I've ever tried to show you was true? You
always rejected it, leaving me to wonder if you ever had any good thoughts
about me..." She could hold out no longer. "Ryoko, I...I love you. I always
hoped you would fill up that empty space that was created when my son was
taken away from me, and, although I don't always show my love, you make me
proud every day. Not because you are a living organism I created, it is
because you are my daughter, Ryoko. You can have Tenchi, I know you two were
made for each other. I want you, Ryoko, as my daughter. You fill me with
pride, and I love you more than anything else in the universe..."
     "Washu...I never knew these things from you. I always kinda figured you
were only proud of me as an expiriment. Sure, you're a total maniac
sometimes, but sometimes you make me proud to be your daughter...And...I'm
sorry about everything I've ever done to make you feel that way...I know
it's not your fault that that you were never there for my early years, it
was Kagato's..." Ryoko stared at Washu.
     "Ryoko..." Washu changed back into her child form and fell to her knees
coughing.
     "You okay, Washu?" Ryoko watched as Washu glowed green, and her wounds
disappeared.
     Washu sighed. "Well, I'd better get back to work..." she started to
walk into the depths of her lab when she felt something grab her arm. She
looked behind her. Ryoko sighed and let go of her arm.
     "Washu...I know neither of us can remember it, but, as far as you know,
what was my childhood like? I mean, it's kinda weird suddenly just opening
your eyes and -hey- you're an adult...The farthest thing back I can remember
was when I was released from Kagato's power..."
     Washu sat down as a pillow materialized behind her, and a chair
appeared behind Ryoko. "Well, Ryoko, you were..." she sighed painfully.
"I...I really don't remember a lot...you were, well, like any other child,
in the beginning. You matured rapidly, and learned to use your powers by
yourself. You quickly learned to take care of yourself, therefore excluding
me from your life. After that, my memory is foggy, and then Mihoshi released
me from the Souja. That's all I can remember up to this moment."
     Ryoko laughed a little. "Boy, that sure ain't much."
     Washu countered. "Well, you try living for a few millenia, be locked up
for 20,000 years, and then try to remember everything that's even happened
to you! It's hard, Ryoko..."
    Ryoko nodded.  "You've had quite a life, Washu, you have my pity."
    "What do you mean by that?"
    "I feel bad for you that you've had to go through all that."
     Washu laughed slightly. "I don't need your pity, Ryoko."
    "Okay then, you DON'T have my pity."
     Washu laughed bitterly. " Well, now I have to get back to work, so if
you'll excuse me..."
     Ryoko watched as Washu walked away into the seemingly infinite darkness
of her laboratory. She stood there for a minute, staring at no one, then
phased out.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  "Tenchi? Tenchi, are you in there??" Ryoko knocked on Tenchi's bedroom
door.
  "Uh...I'm busy right now, Ryoko, come back later..."She heard a nervous
sounding Tenchi through the door.
  "Tenchi? What are you doing in there?"
  "Nothing Ryoko, come back later!"
  "I'm coming in there!" Ryoko walked through the door. What she then saw
shattered her world.
Tenchi laid on the bed, the sheets crumpled, and lying next to him,
was...Aeka. Ryoko stood at the doorway in disbelief.
  "Tenchi...how...I..."she stuttered, no words could explain how she felt.
  "Aeka and I love each other, Ryoko, we were destined for each other, as
the Prince and Princess of Jurai...Just forget about me from now on,
Ryoko..."
 Aeka flashed Ryoko a wicked smile. "Now close the door, and leave us
alone."
  "T...Tenchi..." The anger and sadness were becoming too much for her to
handle. She phased out, and reappeared on the roof of the Masaki house.
   <None of this...would have happened if I would have treated Washu with
respect, for that one little time in my whole life...> The happenings
flashed through her head. She saw Washu first, with her eyes closed and her
arms crossed. <"All you had to do was call me mother, such a simple task. If
you would have acknowledged me as your mother, none of this would have
happened. Such a weakness, Ryoko..."> The words repeated again and again.
She then remembered how Washu had told her how much she loved her,
really...<"Ryoko, I...I love you. I always hoped you would fill up that
empty space that was created when my son was taken away from me, and,
although I don't always show my love, you make me proud every day. Not
because you are a living organism I created, it is because you are my
daughter, Ryoko...">And finally, she saw the thing that she hoped she would
ever have to see, in all the universe...Tenchi and Aeka...together.  <"Aeka
and I love each other, Ryoko, we were destined !
for each other, as the Prince and Princess of Jurai...Just forget about me
from now on, Ryoko..."> Ryoko held her head in her hands, and cried more
than she had ever cried in her life.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
  The greatest scientific genius in the universe felt stupid for once. She
couldn't believe how naive she was, how she poured her entire heart out to
Ryoko, told her she loved her, and Ryoko only gave her pity. She never said
"I love you", she never called Washu mother, she only told her she "had her
pity." As Washu sat on her floating pillow, idly typing a few commands on
her ethreal computer, everything ran through her head.  <I can't believe
myself, who was I ever kidding? In all the universe, the only person I knew
who never showed and affection towards me was my own daughter...I shouldn't
have expected so much from her...> Her thoughts were broken when she heard a
sound behind her. Ryoko appeared, tears streaming down her face, and she put
her arms around the surprised Washu. "I love you too, mom..." she confessed.
Using her mental pathway, she told Washu everything that had just happened.
Washu turned and faced Ryoko. Deep inside, she just wanted to say "Haha, now
you kn!
ow how I feel, you have my pity also...". But she was better than that. She
sighed, and an idea came to her head.
            "Ryoko, I can erase everything that has just happened. Including
our fight, and what happened with Tenchi and Aeka. Do you want me to do
this, Ryoko?"
              Ryoko stared at her in disbelief. "But...why?"
             "Because I want you to be happy," explained Washu, "And I don't
want your life turning out like mine did. I didn't create you to live like
me..."
            "Washu..." Ryoko broke down again. "I love you, Washu, thank you
so much..."
Washu nodded silently. "I love you, Ryoko, more than anyone in the universe.
Now, are you ready?"
            Ryoko nodded, the tears still streaming.
           Washu sighed, typed some commands into her computer, and with
that, time went backwards.
 Ryoko saw frames of everything that had happened, except backwards. Time
stopped.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
     It was yet ANOTHER beautiful day at the Masaki household.  As Sasami
Jurai finished preparing breakfast, the rest of the household waited at the
table. Ryoko found herself with her arms around Tenchi.  Sitting across from
her was Washu, smiling at her a little.  Ryoko glanced at her, and turned to
Tenchi.
           "So, Tenchi, how about me and you go out tonight? You
know...uhh...we could just sit by the pond and talk a little, maybe bring
something to eat..."
    Tenchi looked at her. "Wow, Ryoko, that's sure different than what you
usually want to do...Is there something wrong?"
   Ryoko blushed. "No, nothing really, I've just been worried that our
friendship has been fading," she said with a smile.
   Tenchi smiled back. "I never knew you worried so much, Ryoko, but okay,
I'll go with you tonight."
   Ryoko smiled as she felt a deep blush flow over her face. "Okay!" She
noticed Washu smiling at her. She smiled back, and sent her a message.
         <Thanks a lot, Mom.>
    Washu smiled a little bigger, a slight blush appearing.
         <Anything for my daughter.>

----------------------------------------------------------------------
It had been a month since the fight. As Washu sat in her subspace biology
lab watching the Masses, she felt so proud of her daughter, whom she had
created from the Masses and parts of herself. She sighed contently. She was
lonely in love, but at least now she had somethingto pick her up. Not her
quiet lab. Not her expiriments. She had her daughter, Ryoko.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Washu Hakubi sat at the breakfast table with the people she loved, not
looking a day older than she had a year ago, when her life shattered, then
came together for the first time.  She looked at her daughter, Ryoko
Hakubi-Masaki, as she sat next to her new husband. Aeka, so distraught about
Tenchi marrying Ryoko, moved with Sasami back to Jurai, where they could be
with their family. Mihoshi Kuramitsu had been reunited with her old partner,
Kiyone Makibi, and they sat together next to Washu, catching up on what they
had missed, although Kiyone seemed to become very annoyed with Mihoshi very
quickly.  Washu sat alone, but she knew in her heart that she would always
have the people she loved around her. Her daughter glanced at her with a
smile.
        <You okay, Mom?>
        <Yeah, I'm fine, but there are so many changes in this house!>
        <Yeah I know, but aren't they great?>
        <Ah, my Little Ryoko's growing up so fast!>
        <Mom, I told you not to call me Little Ryoko!>
        <Okay fine, but can you do one thing for me?>
        <What is it?>
        <Ryoko dear, I've always wanted a grandson...>
----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  THE END!!!

     Well, that's it. I know not EVERYTHING makes a lot of sense, but oh
well. ^_^ I tried not to get any loose ends.  I really hope you enjoyed
reading this. I'd like to thank Master Zodiac, Kiyone, Gadzookie7, and
Mayuka (lol)  for proofreading this and giving me criticism! It means a lot
to me, Minna! You will always remain in my heart as my very best friends.
^_^ If anyone has anything to ask about or tell me, you can email me at
NeptuneDream@n2sun.com...As always, Tenchi Muyo! and all respective
characters are property of Pioneer and AIC, and I did not create them.
Thanks a lot!

What are you N2?  Choose from 150 free e-mail addresses.
http://www.n2mail.com
