Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Carnival

	The crisp autumn breeze rustled through the trees around the Masaki 
Shrine.  The vibrant red and yellow leaves swirled around as the people enjoyed 
the annual fall carnival.  They wandered about the different stalls buying 
ceremonial masks and other trinkets.  Tenchi looked around the sea of endless 
faces looking for one in particular.  As he milled around he caught up with rest 
of his family.  Mihoshi was running a dunking booth and his father was her 
unfortunate victim in the tank.  Ayeka was selling masks and enjoying herself.  
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were running a food booth to which the line wrapped around 
the corner.  Tenchi stopped for a second to breathe in the savory smells of her 
cooking before he continued on.  Washu was running "Little Washu's House of a 
Thousand Screams".  The mere thought of what lay inside sent a shiver down 
Tenchi's spine.  Everyone was accounted for, save Ryoko.  Her little booth was 
empty and there was no sign of her anywhere.
	Tenchi went back to searching through the mass of people when he came 
across his grandfather.  Katsuhito had just finished the annual purification 
rite and was enjoying himself for the rest of the evening.  As Tenchi walked 
beside him Katsuhito handed him a piece of the pastry that he was eating.
	"Grandpa," he began between bites.  "Have you seen Ryoko tonight?"  
Katsuhito licked the last bit of icing from his fingers and starred up at the 
golden harvest moon.
	"The last I saw of her she heading towards the shrine cave," he replied 
studying the features of the moon like it was the face of an old friend.  "That 
was about two hours ago and I haven't seen her since."
	"I was just getting worried about her," continued Tenchi.  "She acted like 
something was bothering her earlier."  Tenchi gazed up at the moon and breathed 
in heavily.  "I worry about her at times."
	"Why worry about that demon?" came the condescending voice of Ayeka from 
behind them.  Tenchi could tell from the rosy glow of her cheeks that she was 
slightly inebriated.  "Come on Lord Tenchi, walk with me."  She began to pull at 
his arm before he stopped her.
	"You know that I don't like you two talking that way about each other," 
said Tenchi trying to evade her blatant come on.  "Ryoko is my friend too and I 
am worried about her."
	"Shouldn't you be running your booth?" inquired Katsuhito.
	"I would be but I ran out of masks twenty minutes ago," she explained as 
she knocked back what was left of her cup of plum wine.  "So I decided to enjoy 
the rest of the night with you Lord Tenchi.  A princess deserves a holiday with 
her future husband, does she not?"  In her tipsy state Ayeka had not noticed 
that Tenchi had slipped away into the crowd.  "Tenchi?  Tenchi?" she asked into 
the starry night.  With a frown she looked at Katsuhito who just shrugged.  
	"What does he see in that demon when there's a princess standing in front 
of him?" asked Ayeka.  She was beginning to feel the effects of the plum wine 
and stumbled back towards Katsuhito.
	"Tenchi does not see a demon," he replied steadying Ayeka.  "He sees more 
than any of us."  With that he faded into the crowd.  Ayeka just stood there 
thinking about Katsuhito's cryptic response.  The one thing she knew for certain 
was that she would find Tenchi again.  She took a step forward and nearly fell 
on her face.
	"I'll find him in a bit," she said to no one in particular as she tried to 
regain her balance.


	Ryoko was sitting on the stone outside her cave when Tenchi found her.  He 
had tried to approach as quietly as he could, and it looked like she had not 
heard him.  Tenchi peeked out from behind an old oak tree and noticed that Ryoko 
was not moving.  He saw the bottle of sake sitting at the foot of the rock and 
gulped.
	"Not her too," he whispered remembering the last time Ryoko was drinking 
at a carnival.  His head had hurt for a week after he had fallen off that rock.  
Gathering up all his courage Tenchi decided that if he had come this far, he 
might as well go on.  He quietly walked and sat down beside her.  Ryoko jumped a 
little when he sat down but she quickly smiled at him.
	"Hello Tenchi," she said with a slight blush.  Tenchi thought that she was 
drunk at first but he noticed that the cork was still in the bottle.  "How's the 
carnival?"
	"Same as last year," he answered looking up at the stars.  "What brought 
you out here tonight?  You should be back at the shrine having fun with everyone 
else."
	"I just wasn't into partying tonight," Ryoko confessed.  "I just needed to 
think."
	"Penny for your thoughts," offered Tenchi.
	"What?" asked a very confused Ryoko.
	"Its just an old saying," Tenchi said rubbing the back of his head.  "I 
just was curious about what you were thinking about."
	"If I told you," she said softly, "you might not like me very much 
anymore."
	"What ever do you mean by that?" asked Tenchi.  Now it was his turn to be 
confused.  
	"I mean I was thinking about things that happened a long time ago."  Tears 
were beginning to trickle from the corners of her eyes.  "I just need to be 
alone."  With that Ryoko began to float away from Tenchi, but she only made it a 
few feet.  
	"Don't go," pleaded Tenchi as he held onto the tail of her blue and yellow 
striped dress.
	"Its not nice to grab a ladies tail," said Ryoko sarcastically.
	"It's also not nice run out on a friend who cares about you either," 
replied Tenchi.  
Ryoko smiled at him and floated back down to the rock.
	"I will tell you what I was thinking about, if you make me two promises," 
she said seriously.  Tenchi nodded for her to go on.  "First, please do not 
repeat any of this.  Second, don't think any less of me."
	"Why would I think less of you?" asked Tenchi.  
	"Because I am not proud of what I have done."  Tenchi nodded and Ryoko 
through her head back and starred at the moon.

	"What is that she-demon up too?" asked Ayeka as she peered around an old 
oak tree.  "I better keep my eye on those two."

	"It all started a very long time ago," began Ryoko.


	In a cold dark corner a child sits crying.  She has just been taken from 
her mother and is afraid to be by herself.  Her sobs ease a little when she 
hears footsteps coming down the hall.  She looks up when the door hisses open.  
At first she feels happiness in hope that it was her mother coming to save her.   
Hope that her mother coming to wake her from this terrible nightmare.  But the 
person who steps through the door was someone she once thought was friend, but 
now she saw him as the monster of her nightmare.  All she wanted was for her 
mother to wake her up from this bad dream.
	"I told you to stop that sniveling," he said in a voice one would use to 
speak to an animal. The little girl wiped her eyes and looked up at the monster.
	"I want my mommy!" she exclaimed as she had a hundred times before.
	"Listen," began the monster, "Your mother is gone.  She does not want you 
any more.  That's why you're with me now.  I'll take care of you, I promise."
	"Liar! I want my mommy!"  The man walked over and sat down next to her.
	"Listen Ryoko," he began, trying to calm her while hiding the contempt in 
his voice.  "You have nothing to be afraid of here.  I love you like you are my 
own daughter.  I will not hurt you."  Ryoko wiped her nose and looked up at the 
evil grin on Kagato's face.
	"Do you mean it?" she asked.
	"Of course I do," he lied, offering her a hug.  Ryoko looked up at Kagato 
again and smiled at him.  In a flash his demeanor changed.  The sight of the 
little child's affection repulsed him; one who hated all affection.  He turned 
his head from her and began to walk out of the room.
	"Don't leave me!" screamed Ryoko in tears.  "I'm afraid to be all alone!"  
She gabbed onto his leg and buried her face into the fabric of his pants leg.  
"Please," she begged.  The next thing she felt was Kagato slapping her down.  
Through tear filled eyes she looked up at him as he looked down upon her in 
disgust.
	"Soon you will have more to be afraid of than being alone," Kagato said 
coldly.  "Go to sleep.  Or I will give you something to be afraid of right now."  
Ryoko slowly crawled over to the bed and buried her tiny face into the pillow.  
Kagato watched her cry for a minute before he turned and left.
	"What a useless piece of excrement," he commented to himself.  "Too 
emotional to be of much good, but she will do."  He chuckled slightly to himself 
as he walked down the corridor to his inner sanctum.  With a wave of his hand a 
portal opened in the floor and his astral body slipped into the reverse world of 
the Souja.  He walked down the marbled path and up the stairs.  He ran his hand 
along one of the hooded cobras guarding his prisoner.  The icy cold of the rock 
delighted him.  
	"I will unlock all of your secrets, Professor," he said to the figure 
encased in crystal.  "And I will discover the power of the gems you gave your 
precious brat."  As he finished his astral body faded back into the real world.  
If someone had been watching back in the reverse dimension they would have 
noticed a tear slide down the cheek of the prisoner in the crystal.   
	
	"The next day Kagato kept his promise to me.  He gave me something new to 
be afraid of."

	"Run little Ryoko, run!" boomed Kagato.  Ryoko was running through what 
was literally hell on earth.  
	Earlier that day Kagato had left her in a room with multi-faceted walls.  
After a few minutes the walls began to glow and Ryoko found herself transported 
to a green meadow.  The sun was shining and the breeze was cool.  A spotted 
butterfly lighted on a flower near by.  Just as Ryoko went to look at the 
butterfly, her ordeal began.
	In the distance a mournful howl echoed across the meadow.  Alarmed Ryoko 
backed away from the butterfly.  At the edge of the nearby woods a dark figure 
appeared.  It stood at least eight feet tall and was covered in a dense gray 
fur.  Its features were a strange mix of wolf and human.  It sniffed the air and 
looked in the direction of the terrified Ryoko.   With a bounding leap the 
creature began to run towards her.
	"You must either fight or die," explained Kagato.  His voice echoed as the 
werebeast raced forward.  Its fearsome howls grew louder as its paws thumped 
across the ground.
	"If you will not fight, then run," ordered Kagato.  The frightened Ryoko 
was more than happy to comply.  Her little feet carried her as fast as they 
possibly could, but it was not fast enough.  The werebeast leapt across the 
remaining gap and tackled Ryoko.  She screamed as the stench of its hot breath 
washed over her little face.  The creature turned her over and prepared to 
deliver the killing blow.
	"Fight or die," ordered Kagato again.  Terrified and crying for her life 
Ryoko screamed.  Subconsciously she unleashed the hidden power held within her.  
The werebeast looked down at the ball of orange energy forming between it and 
its prey.  In an instant the energy ball was unleashed upon the beast.  A beam 
of raw energy burned through its chest and knocked it off Ryoko.  Still 
terrified, Ryoko sat up and looked at the dying creature.  Its face looked so 
sad as it whimpered.  She looked at the gaping wound in its chest and wondered 
if she had done that. 
	"Very good little Ryoko," said Kagato.  "That is just the beginning of 
your powers, and of your lesson."  Another howl echoed across the meadow.  Ryoko 
looked back towards the forest edge to see at least a dozen glowing yellow eyes 
coming from the depths.  Soon the outline of the werebeast's frightening form 
came into the light.  Ryoko stepped back and continued to cry.
	"They will be coming after you," said Kagato nonchalantly.  "You killed a 
member of the pack, and now they will hunt you down."
	"I didn't mean to," said the terrified child.
	"It doesn't matter.  All they know is that you did, and now they want you.  
So you can either fight, run or die."  Ryoko backpedaled as the pack of creature 
began to charge across the field.  After nearly stumbling she turned and ran. 
She ran as fast as she could.  The cold laugh of Kagato overlapped the growls of 
the beasts and their own mournful howls. Ryoko did not dare to look back.  She 
knew what she would see if she did.  The thump of the werebeast's paws grew 
louder and louder as they closed the ground between them and Ryoko.
	"Leave me alone!" she cried.  A tingling sensation started at her 
fingertips and soon it turned into a burning feeling.  Terrified Ryoko stopped 
and looked at her hands.  When she did one of the creatures jumped towards her.  
	Once again an orange flash jumped from her hands.  It caught the beast in 
the leg, tearing the limb from its body.  Its momentum sent it tumbling towards 
Ryoko, who jumped out of the way just in time.  The snarling creature tried to 
limp towards her before took off running again.  Two of the other werebeasts 
stopped pursuing her to dine on their fallen brethren.  Ryoko saw this and 
nearly threw up.
	"That is what they will do to you if they catch you," laughed Kagato  "Run 
faster little one!"  The remaining three creatures pursued the fleeing Ryoko.  
She could hear the guttural growls of the other two as they ripped the flesh 
from the fallen creature.  Soon its pathetic whimpers died as it did.  The 
thumps of the other three grew louder and louder as they closed in on Ryoko.
	The thick underbrush of the forest slowed Ryoko down as she trudged 
through it.  When the creatures reached the forest they split up and now only 
one followed her directly.  The other two were surely laying in wait for her.  
She looked behind her and saw the beast closing.  Ryoko was now out of breath 
and her legs were hurting her. 
	"Ouch," she whimpered as a briar scratched her leg.  The howl of the beast 
behind her startled her causing her loose her footing.  Ryoko screamed as she 
slid down the small ditch in front of her.  Briars and thorns scratched her arms 
and legs along with tearing the hem of her dress.  Battered and bruised she 
opened her eyes to see the werebeast standing on the bank above her.  Its 
massive frame blocked the light and cast a shadow across her tiny form.  It 
snarled in delight at its meal below.  The stench of its breath made Ryoko sick 
to her stomach as the creature growled.  In the distance the howls of its 
companions could be heard.  They were coming too. Ryoko tried to crawl away as 
the beast jumped at her.
	This time she consciously formed the ball of energy in front of her.  She 
didn't know how she could do this; she just knew that she could.  As she 
screamed the energy bolt shot through the flying beast.  It landed on top of 
Ryoko, dead.  Screaming for her life she pulled herself out from under the 
beast.  Its blood was all over her and the smell of burnt flesh made her sick 
again.  As she wiped her mouth she heard the howls of the other two.  They were 
closer than before, and they sounded angry.
	"You are learning," boomed Kagato.  "Too bad they're still two out there, 
and with all that blood on you they will have an easy time tracking you."  Ryoko 
sat and cried for a second as Kagato's voice faded away.  All she wanted was her 
mother back.  There were these scary monsters chasing her, and she was doing 
things she didn't know that she could do.  It was just about too much for her to 
handle.  Ryoko was brought out of her crying by the howl of one of the 
creatures.  She turned around and saw it standing behind her.  It all but 
grinned at it prey before resumed the chase.
	Ryoko pushed her way through the thick brush as she raced deeper into the 
forest.  Her cries of fear had dried up and now all she cared about was staying 
alive.  The two monsters had joined back up and were getting closer to her.  The 
ground was moving faster and faster beneath her feet.  Soon she realized that 
her feet were not touching the ground.  She was flying to her amazement.  She 
stopped and looked at the ground several feet below her.  But her amazement soon 
returned to fear as the two creatures drew closer.  She turned her back to them 
and flew as fast as she could.  She thought she was going to escape when one of 
the other two creatures knocked her from the sky.
	Ryoko landed in a pile of leaves as the creature circled back around.  Its 
maw was stained deep red from the feast it enjoyed off the first creature.  His 
companion was at the top of the ridge looking down at her.  The other two had 
come to a stop and were inching closer.  She was surrounded.  
	"It seems that they have you," commented Kagato.  "It should be a good 
fight."  
	At every step there was a werebeast.  They were toying with her, playing 
with their food so to speak.  Simultaneously they jumped at her.  Ryoko screamed 
and a sphere of energy began to encompass her.  It irradiated out and in a flash 
enveloped the leaping beasts.  Two of them fell dead, burned alive.  The other 
two were knocked down.  Ryoko stood there in amazement as the first creature 
began to stir.
	"Very good," complimented Kagato.  "Now channel your energy, your rage, 
your fear."  Almost instinctively Ryoko formed a small energy blade.  As one of 
the remaining creatures lunged for her she lashed out at it.  What she did 
seemed distant to her, like someone else was controlling her.  The blade sliced 
through the beast spilling its viscera.  Ryoko stepped back and was appalled at 
what she had just done.  The dying beast just whimpered pitifully.  Unencumbered 
by its comrades death the last beast ran towards Ryoko.  Once again she acted 
with out thinking and killed the beast.  Its lifeless form fell to the ground as 
its head bounced a few feet away.  The blade dissipated and Ryoko just stood 
there, looking at what she had done.
	"Very well done for a first lesson," said Kagato as the forest faded away 
and the dull gray facets of the room returned.
	"What have you done to me?" cried Ryoko.  The monsters may have been gone 
but she was still cut and bruised.  Not to mention terrified.  
	"What have I done?" asked Kagato feigning ignorance.  "I have done nothing 
to you.  You have always been a monster Little Ryoko.  All I did was unleash 
it."


	"That was the first time someone called me a monster," confessed Ryoko.  
The moon was now high and illuminated her and Tenchi.  "Kagato made me realize 
my powers by forcing me through ordeals.  That was just the firrst.  Day after 
day they grew harder, and I learned the true extent of my powers.  My only 
companion during this time was Ryo-Ohki, who I found caged up on the Souja."
	"I understand why you got so mad when I called you a monster at the school 
now," said Tenchi.  "If I had known-."
	"But how could you have known," continued Ryoko.  "I was a monster in my 
own eyes for so long."  She paused to wipe a tear from her eye.  Tenchi placed 
an arm around her arm to console her.  "After I had grown enough Kagato decided 
that it was time for him to train me personally."


	"That's good," said Kagato as he dodged an energy bolt.  In turn he sent 
his green energy blade flying towards Ryoko.  Dressed in her familiar red and 
black training togs she skillfully evaded the shot only to be grabbed from 
behind.
	"Be mindful of my shadow," admonished Kagato.  "It is just as powerful as 
I am."  Ryoko struggled against the shadow to no avail.  It had her in a full 
nelson and she could barely breathe.  Her mind played back over the years that 
she had been training.  She knew that centuries had passed since she was taken 
from her mother, although she had aged only a few years.  Her mother: that was 
such a distant memory.  She could hardly remember what she looked like any more.  
All she knew now was that she had to stay alive.
	Channeling all of her strength she managed to break the hold.  She formed 
her energy blade and impaled the shadow.  It disappeared in a swirl of smoke.  
Another blast caught her square in the back.
	"Don't let your guard down!" howled Kagato.  "The next time I will not 
hold back."  Kagato held up his hand and three doppelgangers appeared.  "Maybe 
three shadows will give you a worthy challenge."  The three Kagato's flew 
towards Ryoko with blinding speed.  The first caught her with a solid backhand.  
The next kneed her in the stomach doubling her over.  As she held her stomach in 
pain the third delivered an elbow shot to the back of her head.  With a 
sickening thud she hit the floor.  As the dust cleared she could see all three 
of the doppelgangers floating above her, laughing unmercifully.
	"Get up," they said in unison.  Ryoko began to get up but collapsed back 
to one knee.  The first traces of bright red blood appeared as she coughed 
violently.  "Pathetic," they added.  
	Ryoko could feel the darkness grab hold of her.  Going to sleep would have 
been so easy if she had not heard the taunting of her tormentors above.  
	"I...am...not...pathetic!" she screamed as she managed to stand back up.   
Holding her ribs with her left hand she reformed her sword in the other.  She 
knew that this lesson would not end until she defeated the doppelgangers or they 
proceeded to beat her to a bloody pulp.  Either way a headlong attack would be 
the quickest way out.
	"We shall see," replied the Kagato's as they launched another attack.  
Ryoko dodged the first wave and managed to catch one of the clones in return.  
It dissolved into smoke as the other two regrouped.	
	"One down."  Ryoko braced herself as a sharp pain shot through her side.  
She winced as she tried to bury it.  This was just the opening her attackers 
needed.  Dual energy beams slammed into her knocking her from the air.  She 
impacted the column behind her as more bolts hit around her.  Under this force 
the spire gave way and she found herself falling.  As she did one of the 
Kagato's caught her, not to save her, but to punish her.  It delivered a stiff 
punch into her sore back.  Ryoko spat blood as she screamed in pain.  The other 
Kagato appeared before her and grabbed her face.
	"You are mine, body and soul," it remarked.
	"Never," defied Ryoko.  Infuriated the Kagato landed a punch to her 
midsection.  Ryoko gasped for air as it all rushed out of her.  Once again the 
shadow held her face up so that he could look her in the eyes.
	"You are pathetic," he spat.  All of the years of torment welled up inside 
Ryoko.  All of the degradation, humiliation, and pain poured forth.
	"I am not pathetic!" she reiterated forming her energy blade.  In a flash 
she disemboweled the doppelganger, wishing that it were the real Kagato.  The 
shadow behind her tried to regain his grip when she flipped him over her 
shoulder.  It landed feet first and resumed its attack.
	Their swords met mid-swing.  It took all of Ryoko's rage and strength to 
combat the shadow.  She had defeated two of them already.  When the third died 
she could rest, or at least she hoped.  The shadow pulled his blade free and 
ducked hers.  It swept its foot around and knocked her off balance.  Stumbling 
backwards Ryoko could not block the roundhouse kick that followed the sweep.  
She began to fall back when the shadow leapt at her, sword drawn.  Forced to 
defend herself she managed to bring her blade up to block the attack, but only 
briefly.  
	Exhausted, Ryoko could not keep up her defense.  Her vision blurred as the 
world faded to black.  The last thing she saw was the shadow bringing his sword 
down.  When she awoke her entire body hurt like hell.  Ryoko managed to sit up 
only to see Kagato standing over her, or was it the shadow.  She was to beaten 
to tell for sure.
  	"Your skill is improving," commented Kagato.  "But you still have much to 
learn.  Pick yourself up and return to your quarters."  Ryoko staggered to her 
feet and watched Kagato leave the training hall.  All of her contempt and rage 
returned.  What little emotion she had left she had to push back.  It took all 
of her self-control to keep from attacking him as he left.  The last time she 
did so the punishment had been severe.  With a sigh she returned to her 
quarters.
	As she lay back on her bed the world began to spin around her.  Dizzily 
she sat up and held her head between her legs.  Her equilibrium was off from the 
last blow she took the head.  A wave of nausea swept over her as Ryo-Ohki hopped 
towards her.
	"Miya?" asked the little cabbit.  Ryoko wiped her mouth and smiled at her 
only friend.  She was sure that she had friends before, but that was so long 
ago.  Now she only knew the torment and abuse from Kagato, and that he was 
preparing her for something.
	"Hello there," said Ryoko softly.  The little cabbit hopped into her lap 
and lay down.  Ryoko stroked Ryo-Ohki's head and smiled.  "One day Ryo-Ohki we 
will be free from this hell."  The cabbit just purred.  Ryoko looked across the 
room towards the vanity mirror.  Why Kagato had given her such niceties as a 
vanity and a large bed eluded her.  In the mirror she saw her battered face.  
Her healing abilities had healed most of the scratches and cuts, but the deep 
bruises remained.  This was another of her "abilities" unlocked by Kagato.  He 
had beaten her senseless time and again until the power manifested.  
	"Why," she cried to herself.   Each day Ryoko saw herself becoming more of 
the monster that Kagato insisted that she was.  She kept wondering how much 
longer this torment would last.  Ryoko Just shook her head and lay back down.  
Her equilibrium was back and she was exhausted.  Soon she drifted off to sleep.  
It was not a peaceful sleep though: she knew the lesson would be repeated 
tomorrow, the day after, and so forth.  She had even stopped dreaming of her 
mother coming back to save her.  Now she only dreamed of killing Kagato.


	"I don't know how long this went on," said Ryoko.  "I lost track after the 
first hundred years or so."  She could not believe she was telling her troubles 
to Tenchi.  'God knows he has enough of his own,' she thought.
	"Did you ever try to escape?" asked Tenchi.  He had known that Ryoko's 
experiences with Kagato had not been pleasant, but what she was revealing to him 
tonight was horrifying.  Tenchi was amazed that any shred of her humanity had 
survived.
	"Once," answered Ryoko, "But the consequences were not pleasant to put it 
mildly.  It took me a week to recover from the 'punishment' that Kagato gave 
me."  She paused again and looked into Tenchi's deep brown eyes.  They looked so 
peaceful, and she felt so comfortable with him holding her.
	"When Kagato decided that I had become strong enough he began to send me 
on 'missions' for him.  At first it was simple piracy: rob a shrine here; raid a 
ruin there.  He was always looking for ancient artifacts dealing with Tsunami.  
He was convinced that the goddess of Jurai held the key to the greatest power in 
the universe.  After a millennia or so of piracy he gave me a task that he said 
would prove my worth.  He sent me to assassinate the crowned princess of Jurai."
	"He sent you to kill Ayeka?" asked Tenchi, thinking this might explain 
some of the hostility between her and Ryoko.
	"No silly," said Ryoko with a slight laugh, "but that would have made both 
of our lives easier.  He sent me after princess Taiko, the daughter of Ayeka's 
great uncle.  By this time I was almost completely under Kagato's control.  The 
constant abuse had broken my will and I kept all of my emotions buried as deep 
as I could.  All I knew was that if I kept Kagato happy he would not punish me.  
That's all that mattered to me."



	It was a time of peace in the Jurai system.  The early reports of the 
space pirates Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki had just began to filter in and no one was 
terribly alarmed.  Even though their assaults were usually after relics dealing 
with Tsunami they had all taken place on the other side of the galaxy.  Jurai 
was safe. Emperor Hiro XXIV was on the throne and his direct lineage seemed 
assured through his young daughter, Taiko, keeper of the Talisman of Light.  The 
Talisman of Light was one of the holiest relics on Jurai, blessed by Tsunami 
herself, or so the ancient mythology proclaimed.
	Softly illuminated by the ambient starlight Ryo-Ohki soared towards the 
Jurai system.  Onboard its sole occupant reclined in the only chair available.  
Ryoko had come to enjoy the solitude of traveling in Ryo-Ohki.  The little 
cabbit managed to keep her more company than she ever imagined on missions like 
these.  Besides Ryo-Ohki's crystals floating around gave the austere 
surroundings some life.  Ryoko reluctantly touched one of the crystals to watch 
the instructions from Kagato again.  His face appeared in the crystal, looking 
condescending as ever.
	"Ryoko," the image began, "your task to kill the first crowned princess of 
Jurai, Taiko, and return to me the Talisman of Light.  Enclosed herein is the 
layout of the imperial palace and the route of least notice.  Do not fail me, 
Ryoko."  Ryoko shuddered at those last words.  She knew the price of failure all 
to well.  
	"Lets go Ryo-Ohki," she said coldly.  "Lets get this over with."  The 
cabbit craft responded with its usual enthusiastic meow and followed the route 
outlined by Kagato.
	'I wonder just what this talisman is,' thought Ryoko.  'And why does 
Kagato want the princess dead.  No matter, it should prove easy."

	"Boy Was I ever wrong about that," commented Ryoko.

	Kagato may have provided the route of least notice for getting to the 
Jurai system, but that's where it ended.  Ryo-Ohki managed to slip past the 
first couple patrol ships without notice.  But as they moved closer towards 
Jurai the patrols became more frequent and heavier armed.  They seemed to be 
looking for something, or someone, thought Ryoko.  Then it dawned on her, they 
were looking for her.  Kagato had set her up, or had he?  Either way she knew 
that the price of failure would be severe, but from whom would it come?
	"That bastard," said Ryoko aloud.  Jurai lay just a few A.U.'s away and 
she would be damned if she had come all this way for nothing.  Using an ion 
storm as a shield they slinked their way towards the inner line of Jurai's 
defenses.  Then all hell broke loose.
	"Evade, Ryo-Ohki!" commanded Ryoko as the Juraian cruiser gave chase.  The 
cabbit craft rocked as beam weaponry ricocheted off its hull.  The nimble little 
ship dodged another burst before returning one of its own.  The shot caught the 
cruiser square in the bridge.  It drifted away as the fires slowly consumed the 
entire ship.
	"Take us down," said Ryoko as she watched the Juraian ship enter its death 
throws before exploding.  Tiny fragments rained down on Jurai, fizzling out in 
the planets atmosphere like a thousand dying embers.  
	Ryo-Ohki slowed as she descended through the atmosphere.  When she broke 
through the perpetual layer of clouds that blanked the planet Ryoko got her 
first glimpse of the lush greenery of Jurai.  She had heard of the majesty of 
its forests, and that the trees were alive, but she had never seen it for 
herself.
	"Set down here," said Ryoko pointing towards a clearing.  They would be a 
few clicks from the capitol city, but she could cover the ground in no time.  
Stealth some times worked better than a headlong charge.  Night descended upon 
the planet and the brilliant stars above peaked through the swirling clouds.  
The twin moons of Jurai cast an eerie shadow as Ryoko neared the imperial 
palace.
	"Too easy," she muttered as she began to phase through the wall, or so she 
thought.  She made it about half way before the palace shields gave her a nasty 
jolt.
	"Damn," she said shaking off the effects of the shock.  She looked around 
to see if she caused any alarm.  She could hear two guards talking, but they 
hadn't noticed her.  Carefully she edged around the corner and saw the two 
guards talking over a thermos of coffee.  'One male, one female,' she thought.  
'Good.'  Ryoko picked up a small pebble and tossed it away from her.  Its 
bounces echoed slightly, alarming the guards.
	"What's that," asked the male guard.
	"I'll check it out," said the female guard as she picked up her force 
staff.  Slowly she edged around the corner.  A faint shadow caught her eye and 
she moved closer to investigate.
	"Who goes," she inquired.  Right then Ryoko phased in behind her and 
grabbed her.  She tried to scream but Ryoko was too quick.  Instantly she 
snapped the guard woman's neck.  Ryoko eased her lifeless body to the ground and 
checked to see if she had been heard.  Satisfied that they hadn't she phased 
into the guards uniform.  She relieved the corpse of its helmet and slipped it 
over her spiked hair.  
	"Thanks," she motioned to the dead guard, who she left in the shadows.
	"What was it?" asked the other guards as Ryoko rounded the corner.
	"Oh, it was just an animal scurrying about." 
	"Good.  Our watch is up so lets get back inside."  Ryoko nodded and 
followed him back into the palace.  They meandered through a few corridors 
before Ryoko relieved him of his life.  She hid the body in an alcove before she 
carried on.  Once she had traversed a few floors she took of the guards uniform.  
The palace was quiet and what 
Kagato had told her seemed to be holding true for once.
	"These things are stuffy," she commented as she pulled off the helmet.  
Ryoko ran a hand through her hair to keep it from being plastered to her head.  
"Helmet hair," she mused almost playfully into one of the palaces gilded 
mirrors.  Hair in place now, Ryoko continued her quest.  She knew that the 
Princess' chambers would be two floors above her.  At first she started to float 
towards the ceiling, but stopped.  For all she knew the insides were shielded as 
well.  Better not take the chance, she mused.  The palace corridors were dimly 
lit at night, but this was not a hindrance to Ryoko.  She had learned a long 
while back that her golden feline eyes allowed to see nocturnally.  Her night 
vision was as good as anybodies during the day.  Ryoko rounded a corner only to 
quickly duck back.  The palace knights were obviously on duty to night.  She 
recognized the one with purple hair and the goatee as Azaka, Captain of the 
Guards.  The younger one with the short red hair must have been his apprentice, 
Kamidake.
	"Great," she breathed.  "All I need is to run into the legendary Azaka."  
She inhaled and melded into the shadows while they passed by.  Ryoko waited a 
minute before she dared to exhale.  Once the knights had passed she continued.  
Ryoko took little time to marvel at the intricate carvings or the gilded statues 
in the palace.  Her focus was on the job at hand as she ascended the ornate 
spiral staircase.  She floated a few inches above each stair making her way to 
the antechamber at the top.  Ahead of her lay the Princess' chambers.  The 
massive doors leading to them were intricately carved and decorated.  The tree 
of Tsunami was the central design along with a tri-foil design that she was not 
familiar with but resembled the "bright bird wings", or something she had 
overheard Kagato talking about.  She reached out to the door and gave it a soft 
push.  It eased open giving her first glimpse of the chamber within.  
	It took her vision a moment to adjust to the pitch black of the room.  
Before her lay the Princess' bed, but it was empty.  Fearing an ambush Ryoko 
jumped back into a defensive stance before she realized that the covers had been 
thrown back.  Taiko had obviously just gotten out of bed for something or the 
other.  Sighing Ryoko walked over to examine the bed.  She had hoped that 
Kagato's precious talisman would be in plain sight, but to her dismay it was 
not.  As she began to riffle through the princess' armoire, the door creaked 
open again.  Instinctively Ryoko ducked inside the armoire.
	Peering through the slightly ajar doors she noticed what had to be the 
talisman hanging from around the young princess' neck.  It was the same tri-foil 
design that was on the doors.  But that is not what surprised Ryoko the most.  
Princess Taiko was no older than she was when Kagato had taken her from her 
mother.
	"What the hell," she whispered while she watched the little princess hp 
back into bed.  She placed a half empty water glass onto her nightstand and 
grabbed a stuffed animal before she pulled the covers back on top of herself.
	'I'll just get the talisman,' thought Ryoko.  But as she did the mental 
image of Kagato punishing her played across her mind.  She had felt his wrath 
too many times to count.  'No, I must complete my mission,' she concluded 
subconsciously.  Determined now, Ryoko phased through the armoire doors.  
Floating as quietly as possible she worked her way over to the little princess' 
bedside.  Just as she reached for the talisman the bedroom door creaked open.
	"Are you alright Taiko?" came the voice of her concerned mother.  To her 
horror she saw the dreaded Ryoko hovering over her daughters bed.  What came 
next was what any mother would do.  She screamed for dear life.
	"Listen lady," pleaded Ryoko as the queen was going into hysterics.  Half 
of Jurai had to know what was going on by now.
	"Mommy?" asked a confused little Aiko.  When she saw Ryoko standing above 
her she began to cry as well.
	"Damn," cursed Ryoko.  What was proving to be a fairly easy task had just 
become inexplicably more difficult.  To make matters worse the Emperor barged 
into the chamber along with Azaka and his prot‚g‚e.  The purple blade of his 
master key jumped to life and cast an ominous glow across the room.
	"Unhand my daughter, demon," he spat.  The two knights took an offensive 
stance behind the king and prepared to launch the attack.   Looking for an 
option Ryoko grabbed the terrified Aiko and used her as a shield.  She formed 
her energy blade and held it to the child's neck.    
	"Listen," she reiterated, "I only want the talisman."
	"The talisman?" said the infuriated king.  "It holds no power.  Whomever 
sent you was a fool, and now you die!"  Time seemed to stand still for Ryoko as 
the king and his knights charged forward.  Deep inside she could feel her rage 
building rage against, Kagato, against the king and his brat, and against life 
itself.


	"So what happened next?" asked Tenchi. Ryoko had stopped to fight the 
choking lump in her throat.  Tenchi had been so captivated by her story that he 
just now noticed her blouse was soaked from tears.  Ryoko hugged herself to 
fight off the shiver that was shaking her.  Tenchi scooted over so that she 
could lay her head on his shoulder.  When he did Ryoko collapsed into his arms, 
sobbing violently.
	"If you don't want to finish I understand," consoled Tenchi as Ryoko cried 
into his shoulder.
	"No, I need to finish," she said with a choke.  

	Across the way Ayeka had scarcely moved an inch from behind her oaken 
hideout.  Things were beginning to make sense to her now.  She turned her back 
to the tree and slid to the ground.  "What a fool I have been," she whispered as 
Ryoko continued her tale.



	The first swipe of the king's sword brought Ryoko out of her daze.  She 
cursed herself for being lost in her rage.  She flew back out her attackers 
reach, gripping the child firmly.  She hugged the walls of the room trying to 
make it to the door.  If need be she would take the brat to Kagato.  But the 
quick moves of Azaka cut her off.  She was now surrounded on three sides.  
Thinking quickly she tore the talisman from Taiko's neck and tossed the child at 
her stunned father.  He caught her off balanced and crumpled to the floor.  
Azaka and Kamidake saw an opportunity and made an attack.  All of her training 
against multiple shadows had prepared Ryoko for such attacks.  She dodged their 
staffs with the grace of a ballerina.  The two knights staff met in midair and 
caught hold.  As their momentum swung them around Ryoko unleashed an energy 
burst.  The ball caught them square and knocked them against the wall.  
	In the corner of her eye she saw the royal family huddled together.  
Obviously the king had injured himself when he caught his daughter.  Seizing the 
moment Ryoko completed her mission.



	"I killed all three of them," she confessed.  "One blow from my sword and 
the entire royal family were dead.  Azaka and Kamidake were to appalled to give 
chase after me.  They just tried to revive the royal family.  I saw Azaka 
holding the lifeless body of that little princess.  I felt as cold inside as she 
had to feel to him.  I made it out of the palace and called Ryo-Ohki.  We fought 
our way out of the Jurai system and rendezvous with Kagato and the Souja."  
Ryoko paused for another second to collect her thoughts.  "I had a long time to 
reflect on what I did on the way back.  What scared me was that I felt no 
remorse.  No one had shown me remorse, so why should I care?  What finally broke 
me happened when I got back to the Souja."



	"Very good Ryoko," complimented Kagato wryly.  "You completed your mission 
for once."
	"Thank you sir," replied Ryoko, studying the floor.  Kagato laughed as he 
threw the talisman across the room.  Confused, Ryoko looked up at her master.
	"The Talisman of Light is a worthless piece of Junk," he gloated, "but you 
retrieved it marvelously."  His dry laugh echoed through out the ship as Ryoko 
tried to understand what he was saying.
	"But," she began.
	"But what," laughed Kagato.  "The talisman is useless.  And as for killing 
the little princess," his laughter made him stop and wipe his eyes.  "That was 
just perfect."
	"What was this then," asked Ryoko as tears began to well in the corners of 
her eyes.  "What was the point of all this?"
	"It was a test, and you passed.  Flawlessly."  Kagato walked over to her 
and patted her on the shoulder.  "Congratulations Ryoko my dear," he said 
evilly, "you are now mine body, mind, and soul.  My monster."  Once again all 
that could be heard was Kagato's evil laughter.    



	"For the next thousand years or so I did Kagato's bidding, relentlessly.  
I thought what little humanity I had left died that night on Jurai.  I thought 
that way until I was imprisoned in this cave and you freed me.  You saved me, 
Tenchi."  Her tears came freely for once.  A slight smile crept onto Ryoko's 
face as she felt Tenchi hold her closer.
	"Why didn't you tell me this sooner Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.  He could tell 
that a burden had been lifted from Ryoko.  Her tears were at a trickle now, and 
she had quit shivering.  Tenchi smiled as he rubbed the back of her neck.  He 
was enjoying holding her as much as she was enjoying being held.
	"I was afraid," answered Ryoko.
	"Afraid of what," inquired Tenchi.  "That would be horrified of you?  That 
I would ask you to leave?"  	
	"That's not what I was afraid of."
	"Then what?"
	"I was afraid that if I told you about my past, my real past, and what 
I've been through," she paused to gather up her courage.  "I was afraid that you 
could not love me for what I've done." 
	Tenchi was slightly shocked by her response, but figured that it would be 
something along those lines.  He had debated "among" himself countless times 
whether or not anyone could love him. He had lost his mother when he was so 
young and blamed himself for the longest.  This led to him being so painfully 
shy, which in turn led to the unusual amount of bullying he took in school.  His 
pain was not as deep as Ryoko's, but it was real none-the-less.  In Ryoko he saw 
a kindred spirit, someone who he could confide in, as she had just done with 
him. 
	Tenchi wrestled for the right words to say, but he could think of none.  
No words of his could take away the millennia of torment as pain Ryoko had 
suffered.  If he could have taken her burden right then, he would have with out 
question.  The moment of silence that past between them seemed to last forever.  
Tenchi replayed her last words in his head.
	"I was afraid that you could not love me."
	Right then he knew his answer, the answer to all of her fears and 
questions.  An answer that he hoped would give her peace for the first time in 
her life.  Tenchi placed his hands on her shoulders and gently separated them so 
that he could look Ryoko in the eyes.  The look in her eyes begged for an 
answer.  Tenchi gave her a small smile that lifted her spirits.  She instantly 
knew the answer to her fears.  
	Tenchi's hand found hers as they met in a passionate kiss.  Not a vulgar 
kiss, but one for the ages to remember.  Soft, tender, loving, electric; any one 
of these terms can be used to describe the kissed they shared under that harvest 
moon.

	From behind her oaken hiding place Ayeka sighed.  She could have run out 
and made a fuss, but after hearing Ryoko's story she understood what Lord 
Katsuhito had meant earlier.  She now saw a glimpse of what Tenchi saw.  
	"Be happy Lord Tenchi, Ryoko," she whispered as she headed back towards 
the carnival.  'Strange,' she mused to herself, 'I thought I would be infuriated 
when this day came, but I'm not.'  In fact Ayeka was happy for both Tenchi and 
Ryoko.  Soon she rejoined the carnival just in time for the closing fireworks.
	
	The brilliant reds, blues, and greens of the fireworks illuminated the 
couple sitting on that old gray stone at the mouth of the cave.  They paused for 
a second to admire the celestial display, but other things were more important 
that night.  For one a burden had been lifted, the weights of her soul poured 
upon a willing alter.  The other had freely been that alter, and found within 
himself the answer to his own questions.  She could be loved and he could give 
love.  Peace came to the both of them for the first time that night as they sat 
on that old gray stone under the harvest moon.
	
THE END

Authors Notes:
	This is a different approach from my usual fanfic's. While walking home 
from class one day I began to wonder about the horrors Kagato put Ryoko through.  
From what little the O.V.A. gives us we can tell that it must have been 
horrible.  That idea turned into this fanfic.  It also gave the opportunity to 
do a Ryoko gets Tenchi story (as they all should be!).  So I hope you enjoyed 
this, and please let me know what you think.  My email is: 
vette1701@earthlink.net.   Thank you for reading.
William R. Nichols Jr.  11/11/01 
By the way for those who are wondering what an A.U. is:  An A.U. is an 
Astronomical Unit, or the distant between the earth and the sun, roughly ninety-
three (93) million miles. 
