Author's notes:  Many of you might have wondered why I submited a updated 
version of Part 1 of my story.  Mostly, I thought that there were a few thing I 
left unclear about the first story.  Not to mention add a few new parts to the 
story.  I guess that's why some fan-fiction authors sometimes submit updated 
versions of stories they had already posted.

Another reason is that the first story was submited after the events of 
September 11, 2001, and I personally wanted to add a small tribute to the men 
and women of the Fire Department of New York and the New York Police Department, 
who had members who had perished when the towers of the World Trade Center 
collapsed.  Even a fortysomthing person from Kennewick, Washington, like me, at 
take heart in the courageous spirit of those who are now gone.  Therefore, at 
the bottom of my stories from now on will have that small tribute.

I would also like to give thanks to Aldrich Baustista, a.k.a. GenSao, for 
providing a forum for us fan fiction authors to present the work of our 
devotion, Tenchi Muyo!

I would like also to give a small gripe to AOL/Time Warner, who I would like to 
kindly ask them the next time Tenchi is shown on TV, that they would kindly show 
it on HBO or Cinemax, so that the viewing public who do not have access to DVD 
or a VCR can experience Tenchi the way it was ment to be shown.  Cartoon Network 
did a good job, but they cut too much out of it to add more commercials.  
Editing for broadcast TV, that I can understand, but the digital swimsuits are a 
bit much.

That taken care of.ON WITH THE STORY!

                                                                         





A Carrot Patch, A Clean House, &  A Burglar, Pt. 2
Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction
by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron-bigkwell@aol.com

DISCLAIMER:  "Tenchi Muyo" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and 
Masaki Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the series, 
nor the characters.  I just write the fiction.  The burglar is my creation.

This story is based on the OVA continuity, sometime after Episode 13.

********************************************************************************
*********

Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi were walking down the road where the Masaki house 
stood.  All three were coming home after a busy day grocery shopping.  Both 
Sasami and Mihoshi had generously offered to take the burden of the purchases, 
but Ayeka had insisted that she carry the lion's share of them.  Soon, it be 
aparent that Ayeka was way over her head with the carry, especially after near 
falling out of the bus while overburdened with flour, eggs, and milk.  It took a 
few minutes for the loads to be redistributed amunst the three, and soon they 
were aproaching the gate, where Azaka and Kamidake stood guard.

"Welcome back Princess Ayeka, Princess Sasami, and Detective Mihoshi." Azaka 
said as the robotic Juraian guardians greeted the trio.

"Did you have a good day?" Kamidake added.

Before Sasami had a chance to answer, Ayeka said quite loudly, "No I haven't had 
a good day.  That bus driver nearly caused me fall down, stopping so hard the 
way he did."

"But Ayeka, you carrying too many groceries at the time, not to mention you 
stood up before the bus stopped fully." Sasami said.

"She's right." Mihoshi added. "We did ask to take some of the groceries, but you 
said that you can do it just fine.  I mean, really Ayeka, this whole compeating 
with Ryoko thing is not healthy for you at all.  Not to mention all those fights 
you have with her is not doing the house or Tenchi any good.  Like just the 
other day when Ryoko volentiered to clean the house, you made this real nasty 
remark about -- OUCH!!!"  Mihoshi's monologue is stopped in mid-sentence by a 
well placed kick in the shins by Ayeka.

'I hated to do that.' Ayeka thought.  'Althought Mihoshi is a real scatterbrain, 
she does mean well.  But I had to stop the ditz somehow so we can get these 
groceries in the house, then finish cleaning the house like Ryoko had promised 
to.' She didn't truly believe that Ryoko would live up to her promise and fully 
expected to find the pirate lying down on her rafter, drunk out of her mind.

Their conversation at the gate would have continued had it not been for a very 
loud explosion in the hills near the house, in the direction of the vegetable 
gardens.

"OH!  WHAT WAS THAT?" Mihoshi cried out as lept on top of Ayeka, who was still 
holding her share of the groceries.  This little piece of action caused both 
girls to fall over. (Fortunatly, the eggs haven't broken.)

"WILL YOU GET OFF  ME AND ACT LIKE THE POLICE OFFICER THAT YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO 
BE?"  Ayeka yelled, throwing Mihoshi off her and then getting back on her feet.

"That came from where Ryo-Ohki has her carrot patch!"  Sasami said.  "Oh she's 
going to be upset.  She worked so hard on that garden." she added mournfully.

Then the three heard a strange voice screaming, following with a splashing 
sound.  

"Azaka!  Kamidake!  Go to where that explosion came from, then find Lord Tenchi 
and meet us at the house." Ayeka commanded at the guardians.

"Yes, ma'am." the two spoke in unison and vanished.

Now the three heard more screaming from that same strange voice, and they saw 
Ryo-Ohki in her spaceship form hovering over the lake.  Something was definatly 
wrong here.  

All three girls quickly set down the groceries and set off towards the house.  
Mihoshi had her blaster drawn just in case.

***

Tenchi had just came from the gardens, which were close to the shrine, and was 
now heading for the house.  He was inspecting the damage there when he saw Ryo-
Ohki and heard the screming.  Expecting the worst,  he ran down the footpath.  
He was now in the habit of carrying Tenchi-ken with him at all time, owing to 
the episodes with Kagato, the masu creature, and Doctor Clay (not to mention his 
'duel' with Seriyou).  He hoped that he can get away with using just the sword 
and not have to use the Lighthawk wings this time.  

As he was approaching the house, Tenchi was met by Azaka and Kamidake.

"What are you two doing here?"  Tenchi asked.

"Princess Ayeka ordered us here."  Azaka answered

"And to fetch you."  Kamidake added.

"Anything wrong at the garden?"  Azaka asked.

"Nevermind.  We've go to get to the house!" Tenchi said breathlessly

"Here,"  Azaka said, "I'll give you a lift!"

"Thanks," Tenchi said, "that'll save a bit of energy for me."  He climbed on top 
of Azaka, and the three floated towards the house. 

***

The burglar had never seen anything like this in his life.  Rather that ponder 
the mysteries of the events unfolding before him, he took of on the dockway 
towards the front gate.  Ryoko was stagering to her feet when the burglar 
knocked her off the dock and into the water.  She landed with a big splash.

The cad was halfway across the dock when he saw three figures racing towards the 
dock.  One of them appeared to be armed.  The burglar then doubled back and 
headed back towards the house.

Ryoko at this time had just pulled herself back onto the dock when the burglar 
came back, knocking her back into the lake.  He then ran on the dirt path on the 
side of the house towards where he hid his car.  It was then he saw another 
unbelieveable sight.  The two wooden pillars that had made up the gate of the 
property were now floating towards him.  And on top of one of them was the boy 
from the house.  Not thinking straight at this moment, he headed back towards 
the house when explosions of water and mud started spraying on him.

Ryo-Ohki, still in spaceship form, was blasting energy bolts at the burglar, all 
the time howling and yowling in rage.  However, since the burglar was too close 
to the house, she couldn't get a direct shot, so the burglar was only getting 
dirty.

Tenchi, from his vantage point on top of Azaka, cringed inwardly as he saw that 
the intruder to his home was NOT a destroyer from another world, but a petty 
burglar.  'Now,' Tenchi thought to himself, 'we've got a bigger problem.  We 
gotta get this guy to Washu, so that she could clean out his memory of this.'  
Tenchi certainly didn't want this guy to relate the events of today to the 
world.  Their house would become a media zoo if he did.

***

Now feeling cornered, the burglar did the only thing left open for him at this 
moment.  He dove through the muttons of the sliding door (by chance the only 
part of the door NOT strenghed by Washu).  

Once inside, the burglar started looking back and forth, hoping to somehow find 
a place to hide.  He considered going upstairs, but thought that would take too 
much time.  Moving to the dining area, the burglar then saw a door that 
aparently led to a broom closet.  Not thinking that this would be the first 
place the occupants would look (what can I say?  Petty crooks have no brains), 
the burglar opened the closet door and ran in.  A brief scream, a flash of light 
from under the crack of the door, and all was quiet.

***

Outside the house, the whole group gathered on the dock near the front door.  
Ryo-Ohhi had transformed back into her animal form and took her place on top of 
Sasami's head.  For the second time, Ryoko had pulled herself out of the lake 
and stood coughing and trying to dry herself off.  Stories were exchanged and 
now the group resolved to enter the house and find the burglar.  As an added 
percaution, Azaka and Kamidake were told by Ayeka to stay outside, just in case 
the burglar slipped passed them.

The burglar was not on Ryo-Ohki's mind at the time.  The little cabbit sitting 
there, mewing sadly at the thought of her destroyed carrot garden.  Ryoko 
couldn't help but look and feel sorry about her contribution to Ryo-Ohki's 
misery.

"Hey, Ryo-Ohki?" Ryoko started, "I don't know if this will do any good, but I'm 
sorry about your carrot patch.  I never ment that to happen.  And--I'm sorry 
about that 'big, woody pith' crack."  

Ryo-Ohki looked in Ryoko's eyes and mind and knew that she was sincere about her 
apology.  A small smile and a bright 'meow' had let her know that it was 
accepted.

"Well, it wouldn't have happened in the first place if you didn't threw that 
energy ball at that burglar!" Ayeka snapped.

"HEY! WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO AT THE TIME?" Ryoko yelled at the princess.

"Perhaps use a little restraint, not to mention thinking with a sober mind.  You 
probibly were drunk at the time, instead of cleaning the house like you promised 
to."  Ayeka answered.  She had smelled the sake on Ryoko's breath when Ryoko 
yelled at her.

"WHY I OUGHTA--" Ryoko began as a aura of energy began to glow from her hands

"WILL YOU TWO SETTLE DOWN!  WE STILL GOTTA FIND THAT BURGLAR AND GET HIM TO 
WASHU!" Tenchi came between the two and pulled them apart.

"You're right, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka said.  "We'll settle this at another time, 
Ryoko." she said, glaring at the space pirate.

"Fine with me!" Ryoko answered, returning the glare

It was agreed that Mihoshi, who had her blaster, would enter first.  Tenchi 
would follow, then Ryoko and Ayeka would bring up the rear.  They had insisted 
that Sasami would stay outside with the guardians.  She reluctantly agreed, but 
Ryo-Ohki would accompany the others.

Mihoshi entered, blaster drawn, and looked down the hallway.  She signaled it 
was clear, and then Tenchi, with sword in hand but the blade not ignited, 
followed.  Ayeka then crept past the broken door.  It was after everyone (except 
Sasami) had entered the house that a loud scream was hard.  Almost everyone 
involved jumped nearly a foot.  Tenchi had his sword ignited and braced for 
combat.  But what they found was Ryoko, who was wide-eyed and very angry.

"I DON'T BELIEVE IT!  MUD!  THAT CREEP HAD TRACKED MUD ALL OVER THE FLOOR!  
AFTER I SPENT THE WHOLE DAY SWEEPING AND SCRUBBING THIS ENTIRE HOUSE, THAT JERK 
HAD THE NERVE TO GET MUD ALL OVER THE FLOOR.  OOOOOH AS SOON AS WE FIND HIM, 
HE'S GOING TO REGRET THE DAY HE CAME TO THIS PLACE!  I SWEAR IT!" Ryoko 
screamed, nearly tearing out her own cyan-colored hair in the process.  Everyone 
watching Ryoko having her fit sweatdroped.

It was then that Ayeka noticed the rest of the house.  With the exception to the 
muddy floors, the house was in exceptional shape.  The windows were clean, the 
walls were scrubbed, and the furniture was dusted and vacuumed.  All things 
considered, it was a very good job.

"Perhaps I was a bit hasty in critizizing your work, Ryoko."  Ayeka whispered.  
"You've done a excellent job."

"Really?"  Ayeka's reaction supprised Ryoko.  

Unfortunatlly, Ayeka couldn't let a complement go without getting off one catty 
remark.  "Of course, one day's excellence doesn't exactly make up for a lifetime 
of laziness." She followed up that crack with one of her trademark chuckles.

Ryoko simply scowled at Ayeka and grumbled, "Thanks a lot, Princess!"

"Pipe down, you two," Tenchi hissed, "or that burglar might hear you."

"Well, he's definitly heard Ryoko screaming." Ayeka whispered.  "We should for 
any signs of a urine puddle.  Perhaps he went upstairs."

"I got an idea."  Mihoshi said.

"Will wonders never cease.  Mihoshi's got an idea." Ryoko groaned.

Not knowing that Ryoko was being sarcastic, Mihoshi whispered, "Why don't we 
follow those muddy footprints.  It'll be a lot easier than everyone splitting 
up."

She was right.  The footprints would lead them in the intruder's general 
direction.

The four of them followed the footprints into the dining room.  When they got 
there, they stopped.  The footprints had apparently led them to the entrance of 
the closet -- which was also the entrance to Washu's lab.

There was silence for one minute when Ayeka finally asked, "Tell me, Lord 
Tenchi.  Is Washu still in her lab?"

Staring at the door, Tenchi answered, "Yeah.  She was this morning."

Upon hearing this, Mihoshi then then got all teary-eyed and said, "Oh no!  
What'll she do?  We don't know what that fiend will do.  I mean, he's so big and 
Washu's -- "  Tears began to flow from Mihoshi's eyes as she thought of what 
manner of horrors that Washu was enduring.

All this was observed by Ryoko, who then just look at the door and couldn't 
believe why everyone was so worried about.  "I wouldn't feel sorry for Washu, 
guys.  I'd feel sorry for that burglar.  If I know Washu,"  she then turned to 
face Tenchi, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki, "and believe me, I do, she's probitly 
got him tied up in her lab, ready to do who-knows-what to him."  Ryoko then 
walked to the door to open it.

It was at that moment that the closet door opened, and the self-proclaimed 
'greatest scientific genius in the universe' stepped out.  Washu was mildly 
surprised by the assemblage in front of her lab door.

"Oh," she began, "so you're here already.  I guess that saves me the time 
finding all you."

"Little Washu, we need to ask you something." Tenchi began.  But before he could 
ask, he was interupted by a sound coming from the lab.

"HAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLPPPPPPPPPPP!  GET ME OUT OF HEARRRRRRR!!!!!!!!"  

"Oh him?  He's fine."  Washu answered.  Everyone else facefaulted.

"Look everyone," Washu began, "I know what's happened, and I can assure you all 
this jerk is not going anywhere soon.  Come inside,"she said, beaconing them 
into her lab, "I'll show you.  Oh, and Ayeka, you can tell Sasami it's safe to 
come inside."

After Sasami entered the house, the group then entered Washu's lab.  There, 
striped to his underwear and bound by one of Washu's restraint droids (the same 
ones she uses when she wants to examine Tenchi), was the burglar.  The poor guy 
had a look of object panic on his face.  Inwardly, Tenchi felt a pang of 
sympathy the burglar.  Everyone else had a look of shock on their faces.  All 
except Ryoko.

Ryoko turned to the group and said, "See?  What did I tell you?"

"You know, it is so hard to find the right test subject for a project that you 
work so hard to accomplish." Washu started, as Ryo-Ohki lept into her arms, "It 
was getting to the point that I may have to find my usual subject for this 
particular one," Tenchi gulped as this prospect as Washu continued, "but then 
this little situation developed, and then the perfect test subject happens to 
walk right in my door."  A bright smile graced her churbish face.  "Just think -
- a real, live burglar -- here in my lab!"  

"Uh -- Washu," Tenchi began, "just what are planning to do with him?"

"Well now that you mentioned it," Washu said, "this is my latest experiment in 
remidial behavior modification.  If everything goes according to my hypothisis, 
this so-called person will be a new man."  She then shot the burglar her 
trademart mischevious grin.  "And if it doesn't," she added, "well -- I can just 
say it was worth the trouble."  

There were horrified glances all around -- especially with the burglar.  He had 
a paniced look on his face.  He took at Washu and said, "Look, little girl -- I 
didn't mean to hurt anyone.  Listen, you just let me go and we'll forget about 
this whole thing.  Okay?"

The bright smile that was on Washu's face suddenly vanished.  Her eyes closed 
and, while still holding Ryo-Ohki, turned away from the assemblege.  When she 
spoke after what seemed a long time, it was with a sullen tone.  "Didn't mean to 
hurt anyone?  How dare you say such a thing.  You fully intended to harm this 
family when you decided to break into this house.  Even if all you ever stolen 
was the television, that could have been easily replaced.  But even worse, you 
tried to add murder to your list."  Washu seemed to cluch Ryo-Ohki tighter.  "If 
Ryoko hadn't saw what you were about to do and had not warned Ryo-Ohki when she 
did --"  She seemed to be trembling, as the thought of posiblly losing one of 
her cherished family entered into her mind, "-- I don't want that thought even 
in my mind!"

Washu then turned around and stared the burglar straight into the face, her 
emerald eyes flashing with almost mindless anger.  "I'm going to make sure," she 
screamed at him, "that you are never do something like this again!"  

The burglar's eyes were in tears, think that this was going to be his last 
moments on Earth.  Then Washu did something that scared him even more.  She once 
more flashed her cheery smile and radiant personality and said in a cheerful 
voice, "So why don't you just relax, and it will be all over in about a minute."

"OH MY GOD," the burglar yelled, "GET ME AWAY FROM THIS GRADE SCHOOL LUNATIC!"

"Grade school?" Washu asked.  "I haven't been there for over twenty thousand 
years.  Surely I'm way ahead of that."

"Huh?"  The burglar replied.

"WASHU?  DON'T HURT HIM!" Tenchi pleaded.  "WE JUST NEED YOU TO -- "  but before 
he could finish, Washu punched several keys on her holo-laptop and a bright glow 
filled the lab.  All those who were present shielded their eyes as the light's 
intesity increased. 

The burglar's own shrieks were deafening.  To him, this was the end.  He began 
thinking about how his life could have been better if he had listened to his 
father and taken up shrimp fishing.  Even with the bright light, it felt like 
the entire room was spinning very rapidly.  He didn't like this part, for he 
always had a queasy stomach.  Just when he felt like he was about to puke, it 
felt like a great upheaval had occurred and he started faster and faster into a 
gradually darkening blackness, fall faster and faster until..

"AAAUGGGHHHH!" the burglar sat up bolt-upright from his futon.  He was back in 
his flat in the Tokyo slums.  Scattered all over the floor were empty bottles of 
sake.  He got up and looked out the window.  There, in it's usual parking space, 
was his beater of a car.  The burglar chuckled lightly -- it was all a dream.  
But why did it feel so real?  The jerk looked at the sake bottles on the floor 
and concluded that he should change to a better brand of drink.

He looked around his room.  There was a notice on the table near the door, 
telling him that his rent was two months past due, and it had to be paid up in 
full or face eviction.  So reluctantly (for his head was still pounding), the 
burglar got himself dressed so that he can look for an easy mark.

His first stop was the Ginza, since it was always crowded and an easy place for 
a bit of purse snaching and pickpocketing.  The busy streets also made escape.  

It wasn't long before he found his first target:  a businesswoman with a large 
purse and a breifcase, who was busy with a conversation on her celluar phone.  
Her purse was clutched very loosly in her other hand.  As he began to make his 
move, the woman turned around and, from the burglar's viewpoint, her face began 
to change.  Her black hair grew in length and changed from black to reddish-
pink, her eyes from brown to green, with an girlish grin and mischef in her 
eyes..

"YIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!"  The burglar's scream caused the woman to look up and 
hurry away from him.  The jerk could only stand there, his heart pounding as 
though it was going to escape his chest.  Franticly, he searched around looking 
for another person to steal from.  But all through the day, he had the same 
results, the same frightening face in his nightmare.  As he was searching, he 
(and everyone else on the Ginza) failed to notice a small device hovering in 
mid-air and following the burglar.

Watching from her console in her lab, Washu smiled a satisfied smile as her 
behavior modification program was aparently having a positive efffect.  Beside 
her, Tenchi and Ayeka also watched, and their faces had a look of relief, 
knowing that he wasn't permantly harmed as a result.

"See?  What did I tell you?  You didn't think I was going to harm that loser?" 
Washu finally said.  "And this way, at least he'll be on his way to, hopefully, 
an honest living."

"That's intresting, Little Washu." Ayeka said.  "But tell us, how did erase his 
memory of his experinces over here?"

"Acually, I couldn't." Washu said.  "His memory of what happened here were 
enhanced by the scare he received by Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  To permantly remove 
that part would've caused serious brain damage, or even death.  So I thought, 
why not change the context of that memory as a dream.  A real NASTY dream.  That 
was pretty easy, since the average human only remembers ten percent of what they 
dream.  At least that way, I could safely remove parts of his memory that would 
lead him back hear.  And even if he tried, I even rigged the ignition system of 
that clunker he had hidden so that the engine would blow up and be useless.  
Then he'd be in a REAL jam."

"I don't get it, Washu," Tenchi asked, "why did he scream at that lady like 
that?"

"Oh that was my remidial program at work." Washu answered.  "Anytime that idiot 
even thinks of commiting a crime, he will have a hallucination of the scariest 
thing he had ever experienced.  It's a good program, but I don't believe that 
the Galaxy Police would ever use it.  But it might come in handy in studying how 
many brainwashing programs might work and figuring out cures for such programs."

"So, what's going to happen to this guy?" Tenchi asks as he and Ayeka quietly 
moves for the door.

"Well, either he's going to get himself straightened out and find a real job, or 
he's going to starve.  I'm betting on the former."Washu said, laughing her 
famous mad scientist laugh.  "Now Tenchi --" She turns only to find the door to 
her lab disapparing after it closed.

"Hmmm.  I really wish should get a lock for that door."  Washu mused to herself.

Tenchi really felt bad that he had to leave Washu's lab like that, but the 
thought of her getting that 'last sample' was too terifying to behold, and Ayeka 
didn't like staying too long in the lab herself.  The house was practically back 
to normal.  Ryoko cursed up and down most of yesterday cleaning the dried-up mud 
from the floor, and was now asleep on her rafter.  The door that was busted up 
by the burglar was repaired quickly and even the muttons were strenghened.  All 
in all, a normal day -- except for one member of the family.

Ryo-Ohki sat forlornly on the couch in her 'little girl' form.  It seemed that 
the tears were running continueouly from her eyes.  Next to her, Sasami was 
trying to cheer her up when Tenchi and Ayeka came up to them.

"What's wrong with Ryo-Ohki, Sasami?" Ayeka asked her sister.

"She still sad about her carrot garden getting blown up, Ayeka." Sasami answered

It was then that Tenchi reacted as if remembering something, which he did.  "Is 
that it?  Well, I think I got a surprise that you might like, Ryo-Ohki." he 
said.

"A surprise, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asks  "What kind of surprise?"

"You'll see." Tenchi answered.  "Why don't you come with me to the garden, Ryo-
Ohki?"

The cabbit girl looked reluctant to go, fearing what she'd see.

"C'mon, you'll like it.  Sasami?  Why don't you and Ayeka come with me." Tenchi 
said.  Then, as an afterthought, he turned to Ryoko and called her name.

"Y-yes, Tenchi?" she answered sleepily.

"Why don't you come with us, too?" he said.  He would rather have both Ryoko AND 
Ayeka come with him than have a fight on his hands.  

Ryoko nodded sleepily and floated of the rafter.

"I don't understand?" Ayeka asked.  "Why did you invite her to come along.  
After all, she caused Ryo-Ohki's misfortune."  Ryoko gave the princess a dirty 
look, which Ayeka returned.

"Because," Tenchi said, "she might find this to be a relief."

Both Ryoko and Ayeka found this answer very curious, and decided to put any 
bickering aside to find out the answer to the little mystrery before them.

As the five of them walked the path, Ryo-Ohki began cringing, thinking about a 
big crater where her garden was.  However, as the group came over the bend,  
Ryo-Ohki's face blossomed in one of the most beautiful smiles anyone has ever 
had the privlege of seeing.

Thanks to those who created all the smallest miracles in this universe (and the 
universe is a very BIG place), Ryo-Ohki's carrot garden was intact.  In fact, 
the only casulty of the energy ball's impact was the big stump that had 
restricted the garden's size.  It had been blown into wood chips and only a 
modest crater marked where the stump previously was.  Of course, Ryo-Ohki could 
care less.  She was at the moment buzy dancing around, meowing happily.

"See?" Tenchi said to Ryo-Ohki, "Your garden's allright.  And from the looks of 
it, next season you'll have an even bigger garden.  Are you willing to try 
again, Ryo-Ohki.

Ryo-Ohki nodden happily and said, "Meow, Meow, MEOW!!"

Ryoko felt relieved and overjoyed at this sight.  Ayeka simled her gentle smile.  
And Sasami danced around with her furry friend.  Tenchi glanced over at the 
garden and said, "Hey.  It looks like some of the carrots are ready now.  Ryo-
Ohki, would you like me to pick a few?" he asked.  She nodded yes.

Ryo-Ohki watch eagarly as Tenchi uprooted eight perfect carrots and trimmed 
their leafy tops at the base.  He washed the carrots with water he had in a 
thoughtfully filled canteen and handed them over to her, saying, "Here you go, 
Ryo-Ohki.  Eight carrots that you've put a lot of love into."

Her eyes were wide and teary with joy as she held the fruits of her labors, move 
evident since they were spared instant disintegration two days before.  But 
then, a thoughtful look came over Ryo-Ohki's face.  She turned around and gave 
Tenchi a carrot.  Surprised, he accepted, bowing and saying his thanks.  She 
then proceeded to give Ayeka and Sasami a carrot each, since both of them during 
the growing season offered their help in the growing.  Both Juraian princesses 
thanked Ryo-Ohki promptly.  There were a carrot each for Washu and Mihoshi, who 
also helped, but were not present.  Then strangly,  Ryo-Ohki came up to Ryoko 
and handed her a carrot.

Ryoko was puzzled, as was everyone else.  "Why are you giving me one?" she 
asked.  "I didn't do anything to help."

Ryo-Ohki answered with a sentence of meows, as though she were talking to her.  
Everyone else looked at this exchange and sweatdroped.

Ryoko looked up and said, "She told me that she was giving me that carrot 
because I cleared out that stump in her garden."  She then turned to Ryo-Ohki 
and said, "But I nearly destroyed your garden, Ryo-Ohki.  I don't really deserve 
this carrot." She then handed the carrot back to the cabbit girl, but she 
refused to accept it, instead meowing another sentence.

Ryoko listened as Ryo-Ohki explained.  As she did, a gentle smile graced the 
space pirate's face.    "I'm glad you think that of me.  Thank you, Ryo-Ohki."

"Well, what did she say?" Tenchi asked.

"She said," Ryoko began, "that she knew that I never ment to harm her garden.  
And she thanked me for warning her about that the burglar was going to stomp her 
to death.  Also she said that because the stump is gone, she going to grow a lot 
more carrots next year and we are all welcome to have a few if we want."

"That's great, Ryo-Ohki!" Sasami said.  "And don't you worry.  I'll be sure to 
give you all the help you all the help you need."

"And I'll see if I can knit you a hat, Ryo-Ohki." Ayeka added.  "That way, it 
won't be as warm working in your garden."

"And I promise you," Ryoko finished, "that next year, I'll help you out.  And 
you can hold me to that one."

"Really, Ryoko," Ayeka said, "since when have you offered to help anyone?"

"Well what about the house, Miss Prissy?" Ryoko shot back.  "I promised to do 
that!"

"That was different!" Ayeka growled.  "You obviouslly had some ulteriour motive 
in cleaning the house, since you spend all of your time doing nothing!"

"HOW WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO SHOVE THAT CARROT YOU GOT WHERE THE SUN DOSEN'T 
SHINE?"

"I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU TRY!"

"AYEKA, RYOKO, PLEASE DON'T FIGHT!  NOT IN RYO-OHKI'S GARDEN!"

"MEOW MEOW MEOW!!!"

Tenchi just simply turned around, slumped his shoulders and groaned.  The garden 
may have survived a burglar, but now it seemed to be doomed to torn up in 
another Ayeka-Ryoko knock-down, drag-out fight.  Why can't this family ever get 
a break?


----------------------------------------------
EPILOGUE--ONE MONTH LATER
----------------------------------------------

This had to be the worse month in the burglar's life.  It seemed that every time 
that he would try to rob a house, pick a pocket, or do anything for a fast yen, 
the same pink-haired nightmare image would appear and scare him out of his wits.  
He figured that he would try to find out if the house in his dream existed.  But 
before he could get out of Tokyo, his car's engine blew up.  Two days after 
that, he got evicted from. his apartment.  Finally, out of despration, he had to 
do the only thing left -- he had to get a job.

Having no practical skills, the only job that he could land was at a fast-food 
restaruant, where he right now was working at the front counter.  He had 
contiplated lifting out the till, but the fear of seeing the pink-haired girl 
made him think otherwise.

Still looking down, the burglar approached the counter when a customer stepped 
up.  "Good afternoon," he began, "may I take -- your -- Oh no!"  He was staring 
face-to-face with a policeman -- the same policeman whose apartment he had 
broken into and barely escaped from.

"Good afternoon to you." the cop answered.  "Could you step around the counter 
please?  And stop banging your head on the counter.  You'll hurt yourself that 
way."

***

Watching from her monitor, Washu had shook her head wearily and said, "That jerk 
just can't get a break.  Well at least we won't have to worry about him -- for 
at least two or three years."  She stiffled a yawn and shut down the monitor, 
then returned to the job that has occupied her for the last five days.  

Seven days ago, a hyper-tachyon stream had moved close to Earth orbit.  Washu, 
in coordination with Galaxy Police and the Jurai Imperial Fleet, was monitoring 
the stream's path.  Mihoshi was on patrol as a result of this alert.  Normally, 
neither fleet would not divert ships and manpower because of this -- but because 
four members of the Jurai royal family were in residence on Earth -- the two 
princesses, Tenchi and his grandfather -- the caution was warrented.

During her stay on Earth, Washu had, at length, studied the theories of the 
greatest scientific genius of this planet -- Albert Einstien -- and had to 
marvel how such a much-touted man could be so off-base on some basic facts of 
phyiscs.  She thought his 'unified field theory' held a bit of promise.  And of 
course, 'E=mc2'-- to her -- was mildly amusing.  But she couldn't believe how 
wrong his theory of reletivity was -- especially his statement that NOTHING was 
faster than the speed of light.  Naturally, she thought, old Al had never 
experienced hyper-tachyon streams.

In a universal sense, these streams are thin -- about twenty-five kilometers 
wide.  But the particles travel at about three to five times the speed of light.  
Any celestial body larger than ten kilometers that crosses these streams are 
usually obliterated when the paraticles make contact.  Washu had spent five 
sleepless days and nights watching over the stream, waiting to see if the stream 
would cross into Earth's orbital path.  

It was two days ago when she learned that the stream was, in fact, moving away 
from Earth.  Washu had relayed the information to the GP and the Jurai fleet. 
Satisfied with her findings, both fleets had relaxed their patrols and returned 
half their fleets to their normal duties.  Washu, however, remained at her 
computer console, because there was another danger which these streams posed.  

These streams had a bad habit of catching anything bigger than half a meter and 
smaller than ten kilometers and sending them on a joyride to end all joyrides.  
While they were good at catching items, hyper-tachyon streams didn't hold on to 
them very good.  Any celestial body with sufficant gravity is captible of 
pulling these items out of the stream and towards such bodies.  And some of 
these objects had often held VERY nasty surprises.  

Washu had spend two days watching for anything that might fall out of the stream 
and come crashing towards the Earth.  She could do without sleep for five days 
in a row -- but she was awake for seven days and now it was beginning to show.

Washu wearily grabbed her cup and took another slug of coffee in order to stay 
awake.  A week before, she asked Mihoshi to go to the store and get her favorite 
brand of coffee.  It was at the store when the blonde GP officer received the 
call from Yukinojo, her shuttle's AI, about the hyper-tachyon stream emergency.  
In the rush to get back to the Masaki house, Mihoshi had not paid attention to 
what she was grabbing and picked up Washu's brand -- but in decaffinated.  Thus 
Washu, who was tired at the time and had not looked at the lable, had made a pot 
of coffee and was now consuming its contents.

She could barely keep her eyes open.  Her emerald-green eyes were bloodshot and 
baggy.  Sleep nagged at her brain.  Maybe just a little snooze, just for a 
minute..

"AUGH!  No!  Gotta stay awake." Washu roused herself.  She redoubled her efforts 
and continued to monitor the stream.  But it was so hard to focus her eyes at 
the displays.  She shook her head several times in one minute, but it seemed to 
be a futile gesture.  Finally, fautuge won out over determanation, and Washu's 
head plopped down on her keyboard and she fell asleep.  So deep was her snooze, 
that she didn't hear a tiny alarm go off as an object fell out of the stream.

***

It was three and a half meters around, metal with a ceramic fiber thermal 
covering, and it was falling steadily towards the Earth.  It was a standard 
lifepod, the kind found in any large ship.  On the outside, near the hatch, a 
small display panel was located.  On the panel, displayed in the galactic 
standard language, a message blinked, 'Hibernation mode-low power'.

Inside the lifepod, a sleeping figure is strapped down in a seat, to prevent it 
from floating around.  It was a human-looking form, female, with dark teal hair, 
wearing a red-orange headband and the uniform of the Galaxy Police.  On the 
interior of the pod, numerous graffiti and drawings are scrawled on the walls, 
as well as cartoon-like figures of a familiar looking person getting killed in 
various ways.  The words were writen in the galactic standard, and they all said 
the the same thing -- "KILL MIHOSHI!"

It has be a long journey for the figure sleeping in the pod -- Detective First 
Class Kiyone Makabi -- and now her pod was making it's way to a group of islands 
on a blue green planet.  If she were awake at the time, she would have no idea 
that she was heading for a reunion with the one person responible for her 
current situation.  But she's asleep, which doesn't matter much anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------

Okay, the same thing as the last time, if anybody had something to say about 
this work, please make it in the form of a MST.  I might read it and get a laugh 
out of it.  Also, if there is any fan-fic author who can make a story out of the 
epilogue, please feel free to do so.  Just be sure to give me some credit.--EBC   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------

9/11/01

FDNY-NYPD--The real heroes. 
