Gensao please email me what you think when you post my story...thanks

C. Lutz "Mercury Knight"
mercuryknight99@yahoo.com
"Cherry Blossoms"Chapter 1
Regular
An Ayeka and Ryoko gets Tenchi fic

	It was a crisp, cool morning. The trees had begun to change to a brilliant 
gold color. It was a perfect example of an autumn day. As the sun rose over the 
mountains, Sasami got up to make breakfast as usual. The next one that awoke was 
Ryo Oh Ki, wo quickly joined Sasami in the kitchen. After Sasami was done she 
went to the stair case and yelled, "Breakfast!!!" At that moment she went back 
into the kitchen. Everyone came downstairs and sat down at the table. Once 
Sasami was finished setting the table and sat down, the group began to eat. When 
everyone was done, Tenchi helped Sasami take care of the dishes. Once everything 
was cleaned put back in order, Tenchi asked, "Hey! Ryo Oh Ki! You wanna get some 
carrots?" With that, Ryo Oh Ki replied "Meeooow!" happily. Ryoko and Ayeka also 
decided to goto the field.
	As they arrived Ryo Oh Ki started jumping for joy. "I'll start getting you 
some carrots," Tenchi told Ryo Oh Ki. While Ryoko flew around, Ayeka deciede to 
aid Tenchi. "Lord Tenchi, is it all right if I help?" She asked. "Why sure, 
Ayeka..." he replied to her as he blushed. About an hour later, they were all 
done. As they all headed back to the house, Ryo Oh Ki lie in one of the tow 
baskers full of carrots, happily meowing all the way. When they finally arrived, 
it was lunch time. After luch Mihoshi and Kiyone left for patrol. It would be 
then, everyone went out to rest  on the porch.
	While Tenchi was thinking to himself, Ayeka asked, "Would you like a back 
rub, Lord Tenchi?" While Tenchi thought about it, Ryoko teleported behind him 
and started to rub. Ayeka then protested, and ran to her room. Tenchi turned 
around and scolded Ryoko. He then got up and went to see Ayeka. As he neared the 
top of the stairs, Ryoko appeared in front of him. "Tenchi...why do you care if 
I out preform Ayeka?" Ryoko said arrogantly. "Ryoko...why do you have to be 
obnoxious. I think this contest between you and Ayeka is futile." With that, 
Tenchi moved Ryoko aside, and continued. Tenchi knocked, and then entered the 
room. 
	The room was dark, the shades and curtains were down. He could barely see 
Ayeka's body with her head buried in her pillow. He sat on the floor next to 
her, and set his hands on her shoulder. She shot up to see who it was. 
"...L...Lord Tenchi?" She gasped. "Are you okay Lady Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, 
seeing a tear roll down her cheek. As she turned away she replied, "I'm fine 
Lord Tenchi..." She then added. "Ryoko is such a witch. I cannot believe how 
mean  and ignorant she is." Tenchi then said, "Well, Ayeka...sometimes you do 
the samething to her." Tenchi was silent after that. He then got up and opened 
the curtains and shades. Tenchi, now realizing how much time had passed, said, 
"Ayeka...lets go down to dinner, we'll talk later." Standing up, Ayeka said, 
"Alright Lord Tenchi, after dinner, okay?" He replied in a soft voice, "Alright, 
Lady Ayeka." 
	When Tenchi opened the door, Ryoko was standing there, with her hands on 
her hips. "It's time for dinner Ryoko." Tenchi said, with Ayeka close behind 
him, and he walked past Ryoko, heading for the staircase. Before he reached the 
top, Ryoko appeared in front of him. "What were you two doing in there?" She 
asked. Ayeka blushed as Ryoko eyed her angrily. There was a pause,  but the 
silence was broken soon after. "Diner!!!" Sasami yelled. Ryoko latched onto 
Tenchi's arm and began floating down the stairs. She stopped suddenly when she 
noticed that he hadn't budged. "Oh, Tenchi, com on..." She remarked playfully. 
"Ryoko...I am walking Lady Ayeka down to dinner." He told her. With that Tenchi 
locked arms with Ayeka and continued down the stairs. When the pair made it 
halfway down to the main floor, Ryoko's jealousygot the best of her. When Ayeka 
took her next step, Ryoko tripped her. Tenchi caught Ayeka, but was too late to 
regain his own balance.
	Instead of chancing Ayeka's safety, Tenchi put himself on the bottom of 
the fall. A loud scream of pain insued. Over a badly injured Tenchi was a 
knelling, weeping Ayeka. Ryoko was a few feet away, glaring into space, thinking 
to herself, "It wasn't supposed to go like this..." A mere second later Sasami, 
Kiyone, Washu, and Mihoshi arrived on the scene. Mihoshi began running around 
crying histerically. Kiyone stood there annoyed, as usual, at Mihoshi. Washu 
began checking Tenchi's injuries. She ordered Azaka and Kamidake to take Tenchi 
to his bed. Once Tenchi was there, Washu began her examination. About ten 
minutes later, Washu stepped out of Tenchi's room,to the girls outside. Washu 
instructed Ryoko and Ayeka to stay with her, while the others ate. 
	So what happened girls?" Washu inquired. "tenchi was walking me down the 
stairs and Ryoko tripped me. Tenchi took the fall for me." Ayeka responded. 
"Hmmmmm...Ryoko, it seems your at fault here." Washu said, as she stared at 
Ryoko. "Tenchi wasn't supposed to get hurt...that woman got him in the way!" 
Ryoko yelled. "Well I hope your happy," Washu said, "he was hurt pretty 
bad...but he should be okay within the hour with my handy, dandy, rejuvenating 
health serum." Washu sighed. "Aren't I the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe." Washu said pushing her fingers into her cheeks slightly and then 
smiling.  "Shut up Washu." Ryoko retorted. Washu grunted back and then went down 
to dinner. "Ryoko, look what you caused..." Ayeka blurted. Ryoko growled back. 
When Ryoko turned her back to Ayeka, Ayeka took a chance and entered Tenchi's 
room unnoticed. When Ryoko turned back to see Ayeka, she noticed she wasn't 
there. Ryoko went to dinner thinking that was where Ayeka had gone to.!
 Meanwhile, in Tenchi's room, Ayeka was kneeling next to Tenchi. With tears 
rolling down her cheek, Ayeka placed her head on Tenchi's chest. She sobbed and 
fell asleep.  She slept for another hour. 
	When she finally awoke, she felt Tenchi stroking her hair. She sat up. 
"Are you okay, Lady Ayeka?" Tenchi said in a soft, weak voice. "Wh...why yes, 
Lord Tenchi," she replied, "but my main concern is you." Tenchi looked out the 
window. "Ayeka, I will be fine...you should goget something to eat...I can't 
have you getting sick." As Tenchi did, Ayeka looked towards the window. "If I 
may, Lord Tenchi...I will return with both our meals," she turned to him, "Is 
that alright?" Tenchi turned to Ayeak and said, "That would be fine, Lady 
Ayeka." Ayeka then stood up, bowed to Tenchi, and left the room. When Ayeka 
arrived at the kitchen, Sasami wassitting at the counter. "I'm bored Ayeka, " 
She started to pet Ryo Oh Ki, "Is Tenchi alright?" Ayeka smiled at Sasami, then 
said, " Tenchi has already woken up. We need a dinner for tow, can you do that?" 
Sasami looked at Ayeka, "For two...eh, I don't see why not." Ayeka jumped for 
joy, "Thank you Sasami! Thank you!" Shortly after, Sasami fini!
shed and Ayeka was on her way up the stairs.
	Ayeka and Tenchi ate in peace. "I fell a lot better, Lady Ayeka, thank you 
for the meal. I think I am going to go downstairs. Would you like to accompany 
medown?" Ayeka replied, giggling, "Alright Lord Tenchi." The pair again set out 
to go downstairs. "I wonder where Ryoko is." Tenchi said. When the two made it 
downstairs, they noticed everyone else, but Ryoko, was sitting in front of the 
television. Sasami turned around, "Tenchi! Your okay!" She screamed. She then 
ran to Tenchi, and was followed by the rest of the girls. "Yes, Sasami, I'm 
fine." He replied, as he sat down on the sofa. "You gave us quite a scare, 
Tenchi." Kiyone said. "Yeah , Tenchi! Mihoshi laughed. "Shut up Mihoshi!" Kiyone 
said looking disgruntled. With her eyes watering up, Mihoshi cryed out, 
"Ahhhhhh! Kiyone don't be mad at me!" Kiyone, then left the room. Mihoshi 
followed closely. "Soooo...Tenchi, how are ya feelin'..." Washu asked. "I said I 
was fine, Washu." He replied. "Do you know where Ryoko went?"!
 He asked. Washu thought for a moment. "I think she went to the cave." Tenchi 
looked at Washu and thanked her. "Ayeka can you stay here? I want to talk to 
Ryoko..." Ayeak looked up. "Of course, Lord Tenchi." Tenchi stood up and left 
the house, heading for the cave. About half way to his destination, he entered 
the forest. He then heard an explosion.
	He started running. When he got there, he saw Ryoko fighting a shadowy 
figure. "Ryoko!" He yelled out. She turned her head to him. "Tenchi?!" She said 
confused. Just as she spoke another energy blast sent her through the cave's 
wall. "Nooo! Ryoko!" He screamed. He went to where the rubble was and started 
unburying the injured Ryoko. He held her up in his arms. "Tenchi,"she said 
sofly, then fainted. He then set her down, and turned to the figure. As the 
other girls arrived, Tenchi's look of sadness turned into a look of extreme 
anger. He then took out Tenchi-Ken. He concentrated and the the blue light blade 
came flowing out. "Show yourself!" He yelled. Then, out of the shadows, a man 
walked out. "So you are the crowned prince of Jurai." He said. "Shut up! I will 
kill you!" Tenchi yelled, even louder. "Shut up, boy!" The man stepped back. "By 
the way, I'm taking you precious princess." At that moment a huge ship appeared 
in the sky. "Ayeka! Lookout!" Tenchi screamed. A huge lig!
ht shined on Ayeka. "Run! Ayeka...Run!" Tenchi pleaded. "She can't even speak! 
Ha!Ha!Ha! My tractor beam is really something." Ayeka started floating towards 
the ship. As she disappeared into the ship, the man vanished. Then Tenchi heard 
his voice, "If you want her, come and get her." Tenchi then ran to Ryoko and 
picked her up. "Let's hurry up and get back to the house!" He exclaimed running 
down the trail to the house. When they met there, Tenchi ordered, "Washu do what 
you can for Ryoko...Kiyone, Mihoshi start up Yagami, I will get ready and head 
up in Ryo Oh Ki. In there GP uniforms, they ran towards Tenchi, who was in his 
battle suit.
	Meanwhile, in Kagato's cruiser, Ayeka was chained to a bed. " You will die 
for this!" Ayeka yelled. "Silence!" Kagato replied, "Do you really think your 
friends will kill me? Ha! If they try, they will be the ones to die." Ayeka 
looked at him coldly. "Lord Tenchi will defeat you!" Kagato grinned. "Lord 
Tenchi this, Lord Tenchi that! I will execute him right in front of you...but 
for now you can sleep." With saying that, Kagato blasted Ayeka. She was knocked 
unconscious....
	Back on Earth, Washu appeared in front of Tenchi before he got into Ryo Oh 
Ki. "Tenchi...watch out for this man, he is very dangerous." Tenchi looked at 
her. "Who is he? Tell me Washu!" Washu looked down. "His name is Kagato." Tenchi 
moved Washu aside. "I will stop him. You go help Ryoko." Tenchi teleported to 
Ryo Oh Ki. Once Tenchi was aboard, Yagame and Ryo Oh Ki took off for space. 
Tenchi  transmitted a message to Kiyone and Mihoshi. "Kiyone...try to distract 
Kagato while I get on his ship." She acknowledged. Once in range, Kiyone started 
blasting at Kagato's ship. It was unaffected. Kagato's ship let out its own 
attack and crippled Yagame. Tenchi got close to Kagato's ship and Ryo Oh Ki 
teleported him inside.
	"I knew you would come," a voice sounded. "Come out and fight!!!" Tenchi 
yelled. Kagato apeared at the other side of the room. "If you want to die...It's 
fine by me..." Kagato said smirking. "Where is Ayeka?" Tenchi replied, taking 
out Tenchi-Ken. "You want to see her? Fine!" Kagato smiled. A wall revolved 
showing a bed with a waking, chained up Ayeka. Seeing some blood on her 
forehead. Tenchi screamed, "Ayeka!" Ayeka was completely aware of her 
surroundings now. She looked at Kagato, then at Tenchi. "Lord Tenchi!" She 
yelled back. "You harmed Lady Ayeka..." Tenchi said, he then concentrated and 
the blue light blade came forth again. "Ah, the master key!" Kagato said, 
observing Tenchi. Tenchi let out a cry and charged Kagato. Kagato parryed his 
attack and blasted him. Tenchi flew across the room, but he quickly got back up 
and attacked again. "Persisent, aren't we?" Kagato said blasting Tenchi again. 
This time, Tenchi didn't get up. Kagato walked up to him and raised his swor!
d. "Stand up and die with dignity boy." Kagato ordered. Tenchi stood up. Kagato 
swung his sword, an explosion followed. "Nooooooooo!" Ayeka screamed, with tears 
flowing down her cheeks. Then the smoke lifted.
	There was a bright light. When it was clear enough to see, Ayeka noticed 
Tenchi was being protected by three wings of the light hawk. A suprised Kagato 
said, "Whats this!" Kagato was puzzled. The top two light hawk wings moved back 
around Tenchi and formed the light hawk armor. Tenchi grabbed the third and it 
formed the light hawk sword. "Now lets fight." Tenchi ordered. "Die!" Kagato 
screamed, swinging his sword.  Tenchi easily parryed the attack. Kagato flew 
back, then shot a barrage of dark energy blasts. Out of the cloud of smoke, 
Tenchi flew straight towards Kagato with his sword ready. Their swords met. "You 
cannot stop me boy!" Kagato yelled. Tenchi's eyes closed, and he concentrated. 
Tenchi started giving off an aura of blue energy. He then opened his eyes and 
pushed. Tenchi's sword began to go through Kagato's. "This can't be!" Kagato 
said, worried and scared. "Now you will pay for what you've done." Tenchi said 
angrily. Tenchi used all his strength and pushed throug!
h the rest of Kagato's sword. Tenchi's sword passed through Kagato with ease. 
Now, on the othe side of Kagato, Tenchi stood there in his battle stance. Kagato 
turned his head towards Tenchi. "You won. How amusing." He said, then fell to 
his knees, and collapsed. 
	Tenchi let out a sigh, then ran towards Ayeka. "Lady Ayeka ? Are you 
alright?" He asked, his voice slightly trembling.  "Wh...why yes, Lord 
Tenchi..."she replied. "I have to get you out of here...Kiyone and Mihoshi are 
stranded in space." tenchi said looking out a view port. Tenchi destroyed 
Ayeka's restraints and picked her up. "I'm taking you to Ryo Oh Ki. I'm going to 
destroy this ship." Tenchi explained. "I'm staying w..." Ayeka said, but was 
interupted. "I cannot risk you Ayeka..."Tenchi said. He changed back tohis 
normal Juraian battle suit. "When you get Kiyone and Mihoshi...come back for 
me." He ordered. "Alright, Lord Tenchi." She replied. Ayeka was then transported 
to Ryo Oh Ki. Tenchi ran for the bridge of the ship. He arrived and looked at 
the scanners. Ayeka was just arriveing at Yagame. Trusting his instincts, he 
started the self destruct. Red alarms were blazing  everywhere. A scared white 
Ayeka appeared on the screen. "Tenchi! I'm coming back!" She yelled, cry!
ing. Closing his eyes, he replied. "Ayeka...don't do it..." His head turned away 
from the screen. "You won't arrive in time...I can't, I don't you to get hurt or 
even killed." Ayekas face went a deathly white. She didn't care about bottleing 
up her feelings anymore.
	She let out one more cry to convince Tenchi. "Tenchi!...I...I...I love you 
Tenchi!!!" Tenchi turned to the screen with a tear in his eye. Before Ayeka 
could get close, Kagato's ship began to glow. As the ship exploded, on Earth, 
Ryoko awoke and sadily  called Tenchi's name. She then looked up to the sky and 
saw a beautiful light show...
	Back in space...Ayeka was hastily searching the remenants of the ship. Ryo 
Oh Ki's sensors quickly picked up an enormous energy source. When she got to the 
location, Ayeka dropped to her knees. It was a badly hurt Tenchi, again being 
protected by the light hawk wings. Tenchi was quickly transported onto Ryo Oh 
Ki. With no hesitation, Ayeka quickly ran to Tenchi's lying body. Ayeka held him 
up in her arms. "T...T...Tenchi? Lored Tenchi? Please speak to me Lord Tenchi!" 
Ayeka pleaded. She then buried her head into his chest and sobbed. She then 
turned her head to Kiyone. "Tell Ryo Oh Ki to take us home..." She ordered. 
Kiyone acknowledged the request. In a short period of time, Ryo Oh Ki arrived at 
the Masaki home. Sasami, Ryoko, Washu, and Tenchi's father and grandfather 
waited outside the house eagerly to see the missing friends. The hatch opened 
up, and Kiyone and Mihoshi ran out and stoop at both sides of the landing ramp. 
They tried keeping straight faces,  but tears came !
rolling down there cheeks. Then from the white light of  the interior another 
figure appeared. 
	It was Ayeka, but to the others suprise, a badly hurt Tenchi was in her 
arms. "We have to get him to my lab immediately."Washu reported. Ayeka gave 
Tenchi to Ryoko, who teleported the injured prince and Washu to the lab. A few 
minutes later, Ryoko joined the others in the living room. Many hours passed and 
the group waited still. Finally, Washu appeared from her subspace lab. 
"Ayeka..."she said, "Tenchi is asking for you. Please follow me." Ayeka eagerly 
floowed Washu to the lab. Wash led Ayeka through various corridors. Then through 
all the twists and turns, they came to a bed with Tenchi in it. Tenchi opened 
his eyes and greeted Ayeka. Ayeka went to the side of the bed and sat in the 
chair. Washu left the two alone.
	"You wanted to see me Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked. In a soft, warm voice he 
replied, "Yes, Lady Ayeka. I did." Tenchi tried to sit up, but couldn't. They 
talked for about an hour. "Ayeka...I have to ask you something really 
important." He finally asked. "You can ask me anything you want, Lord Tenchi." 
She replied. "But before you do I would just like to say...your the 
most...um...important thing to me in the whole universe." She blushed and turned 
her head away. "Ah, well about that Ayeka, do you remember what you said in 
space?" Tenchi asked. "Why yes Lord Tenchi, I do." Tenchi held Ayeka's hands in 
his. "Ayeka, I love you too." Ayeka's jaw dropped. "And Ayeka?" He said. "Yes, 
my love Tenchi?" She replied. "Well, uh...will...um...you...marry me?'' Ayeka 
was stunned. When she finally came to her senses, she accepeted his marraige 
proposal. Washu then entered. She told Ayeka to leave so Tenchi could rest. Once 
Ayeka left, Washu turned to Tenchi and asked, "Do you need anything?"!
 He replied, "As a matter of fact I do, Miss Washu." He told her, "Can you give 
me a line to Jurai Royal Palace?" She did and then left the room. 
	He first connected to Lady Misaki. Lady Funaho then connected to the two. 
" Hello Lady Funaho, Lady Misaki..." Tenchi greeted them. "Tenchi? Are you 
alright?" Lady Funaho asked. "I'm a little banged up, but I'll be fine, I have 
something to tell you girls..." He replied. "What? What? What?" Lady Misaki 
blurted out impatiently.  Tenchi's face paled, but he then smiled. "I asked lady 
Ayeka...well...If she'd marry me." Lady Funaho and Lady Misaki were suprised. 
"Why  thats great news!" Lady Misaki said, Lady Funaho agreed. With out Tenchi 
noticing , Ayeka entered the room. "Hi mommy!" She told Lady Misaki in a 
childish voice. "Oh my baby is getting married." She replied with a smile and a 
tear in her eye. Then Lady Funaho asked when the date was. Ayeka and Tenchi 
whispered for a minute. "I was thinking about in spring, when the cherry 
blossoms are in bloom." Ayeka then said, "Don't forget to drag daddy!" Lady 
Funaho said not to worry, and told the couple that they can't wait unt!
il spring. Once Tenchi was fully recovered, he was ready to announce his spring 
plans. When everyone was around the dinner table, he stood up. He then called 
everyone's attention. "I have something to tell all of you..."Ayeka stood up and 
joined him. "Well...I proposed to Ayeka."He said. Everyone was silent, and their 
eyes grew wide. "The rest of the Jurai Royal family is coming in spring, when 
the service will be held." Ayeka smiled then added, "...when the cherry blossoms 
are in bloom." Nobiyuki and Katsuhito acknowledged Tenchi's announcement, but 
the other girls fainted....


Please E-mail me what you think about my first atempt at a Fanfic, the second 
chapter is almost finished, but will not be as long...Thanks for reading...
                                                                                                         
Mercury Knight




DISCLAIMER:I don't own all of these characters, well, maybe one or two, but as 
for the rest of them, they are property of AIC and Pioneer. I am NOT looking for 
any type of lawsuit or anything of that nature. Besides, such efforts are 
futile, because there is absolutely no way that I can pay of ANY amount of 
money...
