	Cosmic Dreams

	First Impression
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, it's your 
choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist Comics, again your 
choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it can go 
on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga are hard to read. 
Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

	This fan fic begins in the middle of the Tenchi Muyo! TV episode 14.

	The Beginning


	A large ship was wandering through space, a normal routine on it's part. The ship headed 
towards Earth. It was here that begins the story that a boy would become a prince, and a Galaxy 
Police officer would find love in another being.

	A ship had also entered the same solar system the large ship was in, a Juraian prison 
ship. The being inside knew what it came for, he wanted to stop it, but could not, the beings
objectives prevented it from interfering. The Juraian Prison ship ignored the larger ship, and 
kept entering Earths atmosphere. 

	After entering Earth's atmosphere, the ship hovered over Tenchi's house. A ray of light 
consumed the house. All of the occupents, and the house dissapered. From a great distance away
Tenchi saw the ship go towards the his house, he was now running home.

	When Tenchi finnaly got to his house, he found it was gone, "MY HOME!" Tenchi cried as 
loud as his voice would let him.
	
	Tenchi saw before him the cement foundation that his house was once fastened to. As 
Tenchi stood before the area that his house had been, and stunned.

	On the nearby hill top, Tenchi's grandfather watched the events unfold. "So... my past 
is finally catching up with me." Said Katsuhito Masaki in his normal, calm voice. On his way to 
meet Tenchi, Katsuhito ran into a man he had not seen since adolesence. It was a quiet day, 
other than the earlier commotion. The leaves were falling off the trees, and the stone steps 
were cold and covered in moss.

	"Hello Yosho, It has been a long time." The man said.
	"Yes, it has, but my name is Katsuhito Masaki now." Said Katsuhito. 

	As they were talking, they heard a noise, like something falling from the sky. They 
saw an egg shaped object crash into the ground with an incredible force. It opened up and a 
few people flew out. Katsuhito and the man went on to investigate.

	"Where's Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki!" Tenchi cried with great concerned.
	"Is everything okay, Tenchi?" Katsuhito said, but clearly you could tell nothing was 
okay.
	"Oh, Yeah. Everything's *GREAT*. You know the usual, aliens coming, blowing up the 
house, and kidnapping Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki. How 'bout you. Uh.... who is that, 
grandpa?". Pointing to me, *Don't let it be... another alien!*, Thought Tenchi.
	"He is the guardian of this galaxy. He is the Cosmic Lord... or you can call him Kazumi."
After Katsuhito said that Tenchi passed out.
	"Well, now that that's settled, we need to get in Yagami and rescue our friends." Said 
Kiyone in her take charge, I'm the boss voice.
	"Can I ask you a question, Kiyone? Was Yagami red?" Kazumi asked knowing what the answer 
would be.
	"Yes, it is red, why? And what do you mean by "was"." Kiyone was very good at seeing 
words.
	"Well, how can I put this. My ship was trying to interface with your ship's computer, 
and they had an argument; then my ship, taking resentment to what your ship said,(she still 
won't tell me.) blew up Yagami." Kazumi had a big shit eatin' grin on his face, and it became 
red. Kiyone's face was so pale, you could see right through her.
	"You did what?!" Kiyone then broke down crying. Kauzmi felt horrible.
	"Well, that went well." Katsuhito sure had a way to rub things in, and getting older 
made it worse.
	
	In the background Washu talking to Tenchi and his father about why their house was no 
bigger than a briefcase. Also, Mihoshi was comforting Kiyone, telling her that now they could 
be together, and Kiyone mumbling about a promotion.
	
	"I think I should mention I can fix Yagami. So much for first impressions." after Kazumi
said that to Katsuhito, he walked over to Kiyone. "Kiyone?" Kazumi wispered.
	"What?" She said in a very disturbing voice.
	"I can fix Yagami."
	She sprang up like a lightining bolt. "You can? How fast?"
	"As fast as you want. How about after we rescue your friends." Kazumi then recieved a 
message from the galaxy. "It is time to leave." he raised my hand and used his power to teleport 
them to his ship, Janetra.

	Meanwhile, on the Juraian prison ship, Ryoko, Aeka, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki where baisting
in their cell. Aeka was at the door, Ryoko was thinking to herself, and Sasami was playing with
Ryo-Ohki.

	"Hello, Guard! Hey you! I am of Royal blood, and will not be treated this way." Aeka 
said in a very pruedent voice.
	"Shut up, Aeka!" Rebutted Ryoko after hearing Aeka's pleads to the guard. Aeka turned 
around fast enough to break someones neck. She pointed at Sasami, and prepared herself for her 
'she is of Royal blood' statement.
	"Sasami, and I are of royal blood. The treatment we are recieving is not atiquite for 
us; now this is more than atiquite for a common criminal like you."  Ryoko then got up in a 
fury of rage.
	"Hey, shut up in there!" The guard said having enough of Aeka's bantering.