Cosmic Dreams

First Impression

	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, it's your 
choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist Comics, again 
your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it can go 
on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga are hard to 
read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Rescue

	"Welcome to Janetra. The Largest most powerful ship ever constructed." Kazumi said with 
great pride, for it was all true. "When Janetra is done loading Yagami, she will set an 
intercept course with the Juraian prison ship."

	They were all on the bridge: Tenchi, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, 
and Kazumi, there was a view screen in the front of the circular room, with panels and all 
kinds of monitoring equipment. The ship was completely set up for use with beings with and 
without mental telepathy, but you could only pilot the ship through a telekinetic link with 
Jenetra itself. 

	Janetra was the idea of a people who had become one with machines. Their planet,
knowledge, and their entire population was completely wiped out 20,000 years ago, by an 
individual of intense evil. The people felt sorry for Kazumi, because back then he did not 
have a place he could call home; Kazumi would fly through the coldness of space. They never 
got around to making the ship. Their planet was turned into sub-atomic particles. Kazumi used 
those particles to create Janetra.

	"Yagami is loaded in bay 12. The intercept coarse is calculated." Janetra's holographic 
program came online to make my new company feel comfortable. 
	
	There was a woman named Janetra once, on a planet called Jurai. That woman died 
before her time by someone like Kazumi.

	"Thank you, Janetra." Kazumi said in return for the information. Tenchi then walked up 
to Kazumi.
	"How come she has the same name as the ship?" Tenchi asked Kazumi.
	"She is a hologram that the computer generates for my guests so she can interface with 
them better, Tenchi" Kazumi said, then turned and looked toward the ceiling, "Janetra, engage 
the sub-space drive."
	"Sub-Space travel! It is almost impossible to calculate where you will enter or even 
exit sub-space!" Said Washu not believing what she heard come out of my mouth.
	"I have the all the knowledge of the sciences, known and lost." Then Janetra's voice 
came from the speakers, "Sub-space drive engaged."

	On the Juraian prison ship, the crew was monitoring Janetra's every movement.
	
	"I've lost the Janetra on my monitors, sir." Said a female bridge officer.
	"I'm monitoring a dimensional rip in space." Said another female bridge officer.
	
	The Captain then turned slightly to his left next to a shadowy door with a figure also 
covered in shadow. "Tell the Emperor we are being persued." The man then left.

	As fast as they entered sub-space they were out again, into normal space. Janetra had 
entered almost on top of the prison ship.

	"Sir, the Janetra is back in normal space, and she's right on top of us, sir." said 
one of the female bridge officers on the prison ship.
	"We must not loose the prisoners. Fire the main guns!" The Captain said.

	The prison ship does not have weapons strong enough to briech the outer layer of 
Janetra's hull; Kazumi left Washu in charge of the ship, he wanted to go, there was someone 
there he had to meet. Washu is smart, and could handle the ship quite well.

	"Is everyone ready?" Kazumi asked. They all nodded, "Good. Washu, you have the com. 
You'll need some device to access your telepathy skills to control the ship."
	"I've got just the thing!" Washu then opened a portal and pulled out a helmet and put 
it on her head.
	
	Kazumi then raised my hand, and with a mear thought they were on the prison ship.

	Kazumi could sense a large group of people headed their way. "We are about to have 
company!" Kazumi pulled out his sword, and Katsuhito pulled out his bokken. Kazumi looked at 
Katsuhito and said, "Let's do it 'Old Man'!"
	"Come on Tenchi, it is time for practice." said Katsuhito.
	"Okay, 'Old Man'." Katsuhito gave Tenchi a grimace, then they charged the aggressors.

	With lightning fast reflexes of a boy in his prime, Katsuhito swiped his bokken at the 
soldiers. Kazumi was using his sword only for intimidation purposes only, one small swipe with 
the sword could kill a normal being. Tenchi was showing great skill, but alittle slow showing he 
was thinking about his situation too much.

	"Tenchi, go with your instinct. Thinking too much leaves you open for attack." 
Katsuhito said. With those words, Tenchi was showing the skill that could rival his 
grandfathers.

	After the last soldier was knocked out, they heard clapping behind them. Noticing it was 
the rest of the gang, they took a bow. "Let's move so we do not run into any more of those guys." 
Said Kiyone. 
	"They didn't look that tough..." Said Mihoshi. The rest of the gang then gave her a 
look that made her shrink, metaphorically speaking of course.

	The gang walked down the long and dark hallway. Kazumi could feel the presence of 
another Cosmic Lord. "You guys go that way to the prison cells, I have to go this way." Kazumi
said to the group.
	"Hey, how do we get back to your ship?!" Kiyone said, but by then Kazumi was gone. 
"Man, he's strange."
	"He's kinda cute, eh, Kiyone?" Wispered Mihoshi.
	"I don't care, he blew up Yagami, or had you forgotten?"
	"He said the ship did it."
	"I don't know of any ship that does it's own thing, and doesn't take orders from it's 
Captain. Okay, let's go."

	They made it to the prison cells. Each person checked a cell, until they heard a 
pounding.

	"Hey, what's that noise?" Said Tenchi.
	"It's coming from that cell there." said Mihoshi, already runing to it.
	"Please get us out of here." Said Aeka through the cell door.
	"Um... okay, well how does this work?" said Mihoshi.
	Kiyone then pulled out her blaster, "It looks like a very complicated lock... these 
kind of locks need complicated keys." She pointed at the control panel and shot it. The door 
then opened. Aeka, Ryoko, and Sasami with Ryo-Ohki ran out of the cell. 
Ryoko then became very distant with the rest of the group.
	"What's wrong, Ryoko?" Asked Tenchi.
	"*He's* on the ship?" Said Ryoko, then she flew off through a wall.
	"Ryokooo!" Yelled Tenchi.

	Kazumi was searching the ship, and soon what he was looking for, found him.

	"So, Kazumi, still fighting the good fight, eh?" Said the Cosmic Lord.
	"Jo-Kiro! What are you doing here?" Asked Kazumi.	
	"Doing what you were given a chance to do, become a ruler of the entire universe." Said 
Jo-Kiro.
	"You really think *he'll* share that power with you?"
	"He has promised it to me, in exchange for unquestioned loyalty."
	"He doesn't even have *his* power anymore, what do you think he can do, but use you."
	"True, but soon he'll have his power, and you too will serve him."
	"I doubt that." 

	With that last word Kazumi raised his sword in position, and Jo-Kiro his staff. Jo-Kiro 
is the Cosmic Lord of a small galaxy, he was jealous of Cosmic Lords, like Kazumi, who guarded 
larger galaxies, like this one.

	As they battled, exchanging blows, Kazumi noticed that Jo-Kiro's anger got in the way 
their fight, which made it easier for Kazumi to beat him, but Jo-Kiro's attacks would be more
concentrated. Kazumi could also hear someone else approching, it was Ryoko.

	"Kazumi, it is you!" Said Ryoko.
	"Ryoko, get the hell out of here with the others, NOW!" After Kazumi said this, Jo-Kiro 
took advantage of Kazumi's sudden adversion towards Ryoko, and threw an energy bolt, it stunned 
Kazumi pretty good, he hit the ground hard. Jo-Kiro then focused his attention on Ryoko.

	"Mortals should not mess with our business!" Said Jo-Kiro. Ryoko then charged at him, 
and he hit her with a force strong enought to put a dent in the wall of the ship. She fell, 
and was knocked out; she would probably be that way for a while.

	"Oh, that was a bad move, Jo-Kiro." Kazumi had sneaken up on him while he was basking 
in the shallow victory over a mortal. Kazumi thrusted his sword into Jo-Kiro's back, and it came
out of his chest. He did not bleed, Cosmic Lords are not like humans or any other mortals. They 
can look like anything you want, but do not take all of the characteristics of the lifeforms they
resemble, like bleeding. Kazumi then forced all his power into the sword and ceased Jo-Kiro's 
existance. Jo-Kiro's body completely vaporized. "You were a nieve careless being, Jo-Kiro."

	Kazumi then picked up Ryoko, at his surprise was coming around. He teleported the both 
of them to Janetra, and they laid a course that was as far way from where we were as fast as 
they could go.