Cosmic Dreams

First Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, it's your 
choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist Comics, again your 
choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it can go 
on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga are hard to read.
Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Story

	To Kazumi's relief everyone was back on the bridge. Ryoko was still alittle out of it, 
Kazumi had to hold her hand to keep her from falling over. She smiled, but it looked really funny 
with her vacilating the way she was. Other than that everyone was glad to see that everybody else
made it back okay.

	"So, what's our next move?" Asked Kiyone.
	"Well, I suggest some time to rest." Offered Katsuhito.
	"That sounds *great*. I'm really hungry." Added Mihoshi.
	"My ship is well equiped for all your desires. Janetra can guide you to where you need
to go, but I suggest you find sleeping quarters, because tomarrow all of you should be on your 
way." Kazumi said.
	"Why?" Asked Aeka. She had taken some offense to what Kazumi said, as meaning Kazumi did 
not wish for their company anymore.
	"I can not interfere anymore. My job is done." *For now* Kazumi thought.
	"Oh," She looked at Kazumi strangely. Aeka had not been told about Kazumi yet. "Okay... 
Sasami and I will find a place to sleep."
	"As will I." Said Katsuhito.
	"Us, too." Said Kiyone, refering to her and Mihoshi.
	"I think I'll look around the ship, I've seen some marvelous equipment just on this 
bridge... I can't wait to see the rest of the ship." Said Washu.
	"I think dad and I will find somewhere to sleep, also." Said Tenchi.
	"Okay, just get into the transportation tubes. Janetra will take you where you need go... 
uh, could someone take Ryoko with them?" Kazumi said.
	"I'll do it." offered Tenchi.
	"Good, well, good night then."

	After a minute Kazumi was alone, again, just the ship and him. he sat in his chair, and 
he sat, and sat, and sat, and then he eventually wondered how much of a threat Kagato, the new 
Emperor of Jurai was. The Galaxy did not seem to think he was a threat, because it did not ask 
Kazumi to accompany Tenchi and his friends. He finally got up and went to Mess Hall 1.

	"Well, this looks like as good a room as any to stick her in." Said Tenchi. Tenchi, with
the help of his father, carried Ryoko to the bed.
	"How can a woman weigh so much?" Asked Nobuyuki.
	"Well, she wasn't that heavy on my side."
	"You didn't have to hold the top half of her."

	Tenchi and his father left Ryoko's room, and headed to their own. "Let's take this one 
next to Ryoko's." Said Tenchi.
	"That's fine for me." Said Tenchi's dad.

	Meanwhile, on Jurai. The newly crowned Emperor, Yosho, or should I say Kagato, was 
thinking on his throne. Just then one of his informants walked in.

	"My Lord, Yosho. I have news from the prison ship." Said the informant.
	"Yes?" Said the Emperor.
	"They lost the prisoners, My Lord."
	"What happened?"
	"Their friends rescued them."
	"Was *HE* there?"
	"Yes, they were overtaken by the Janetra."
	"Okay, send a report to the Galaxy Police. Tell them that Aeka is forming a rebellion 
with the help of the Space Pirate Ryoko, her sister, and some Earthlings."
	"Yes, my Lord."
	"Oh, is there any word about Jo-Kiro?"
	"No sir, they can't find him."
	"Okay, you have your orders, now leave."
	"Yes, my Lord." He bowed and left.
	"Ha, ha, ha. Soon I will have what I need, all that is needed now is some patients. Let
the prey come to the hunter."

	Aeka, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki found their room in the Royal Suits Deck. "I believe this one
is unoccupied, let's take this room and unpack." Said Aeka.
	"Okay." Said Sasami.
	"Meowow." Yawned Ryo-Ohki.
	*I wonder what Tenchi is doing?* Thought Aeka. "Sasami, I'm going to take a walk, could 
you finish for me?"
	"You got it Aeka." Said Sasami. Aeka walked out of the room, and waited for the door to 
close before she asked Janetra where Tenchi was.

	Kazumi was in the mess hall, watching Mihoshi eat. he am puzzled how a carbon based 
lifeform can eat so much and have a waist so small.

	"Uh, do you ever take a break." Kazumi asked.
	"Why?" She looked at him puzzled.
	"Well, you breath right."
	"Yeah, I guess so."
	"Yeah, well..." he paused. "...nevermind."

	She continued to eat. Just when kazumi thought she was going to get something else, she 
said something.

	"I guess I'll excuse myself now." She said politely.

	Kazumi looked in astonishment. "Okay, I was glad to have met you." he said to be polite.

	She smiled, and walked out. Kazumi noticed Aeka at the door. He got up and asked Aeka to 
sit with him.

	"Aeka, what a pleasant surprise, how may I serve you." Kazumi said.
	"Well, I have an odd request." Said Aeka in a shy voice.
	"Whatever you want."
	"Sasami would like you to tell her a story."
	"Okay, no problem."
	"Thank you, Kazumi." 

	She then bowed, and left. Kazumi asked Janetra what room Sasami was in, and then 
materialized in front of the door to that room. He knocked on the door and heard her say come in.

	"Hello, Sasami. Your sister said you wanted me to tell you a story." Kazumi said.
	"She did, did she?" She said with an eyebrow raised.
	"I wander what's up, oh well. Is there anything in particular you would like to hear. I'm
here, so I might as well tell you a story."
	"Okay, I heard a story from my grandpa about how Jurai came to be. Could you tell me 
that story."
	"Sure, I know that one real well."

	A bell rang softly in Tenchi's room. Tenchi got up. "I wonder what that means." Tenchi
wondered.
	"If it this were an airplane, I would start smoking, but maybe it's the door. You know,
like in Star Trek." Nobuyuki said.
	"Oh." The bell rang again. Tenchi got up and answered the door. He was very surprised to
find Aeka standing there. "Hi Aeka. What can I do for you?"
	"Could you walk with me, I get scared and nervous when I walk alone in new places." Said
Aeka
	"Couldn't Sasami go?"
	"She fell asleep, I did not want to wake her." Aeka lied.
	"Okay, let me get dressed." The doors closed. After a few minutes Tenchi came back out. 
"Let's go." Aeka said while grabbing his arm.

	Kazumi sat down next to Sasami's bed. She laid down, and was ready to hear his story.

	"A long time ago, before Jurai was called Jurai, lived a people. They did not have much, 
and they moved around frequently. At the same time on the other side of the continent arose an 
Empire of evil. They wished to enslave the nomadic people beyond their palace gates. One day a 
man came to the evil Empire, offering them the power to capture the nomads. The palace guards 
tried to grab him, but he killed the guards without even touching them. The King was impressed 
and asked him for his name. The man said it was Kagato. The King began believing he was their 
god of power, Kagato." kazumi said. He paused, then began again.

	After recieving the power, they built their empire even further. Stretching it across 
the continent until they engulfed it. The nomads had to leave thier homes and set out to find 
new land. When they found their new home, they were happy to see that the influence of the 
Empire was not there. As they looked around, the land was full of animals, and things to eat; 
in the middle of that was the largest tree they had ever seen. They could feel something from 
this tree. So, they made their homes around it.

	Soon after, a man appered before the nomads, and told them how the Empire became so 
powerful, and that they could not run away anymore. The Empire was coming for them now. The man
then stopped talking and walked to the large tree. He just stared at the tree, and everyone 
stared at him.

	"I can help." The man said. "The power they gained was not achieved by themselves. They 
have a "god" on their side." As the man said that the people began to be weary. "Fear not, I am 
like that "god". You will be granted some power, temporarily, to make you even with your 
enemies."

	"There are so many of them. Just being equal is not enough." Said a man in the crowd.
	"Yes it is. For the edge you seek lies in this tree." Said the man.
	"The tree?"
	"This is not like the other trees, it is concious, but asleep. If you fight for this 
planet, this tremendous tree will help you, and you will win."

	They asked for the man's name. He said he had none. Feeling sorry for him, they named 
him after their god of peace and good will, Kazumi.

	"Hey, that's your name." Said Sasami in great surprise.
	"Yes it is." Kazumi said.

	The man dissapered, wishing the nomads luck. The man, now named Kazumi, went to the 
capital of the Empire. Appeared in the throne room, where their king was sitting.

	"Who are you? What do you want?" Said the king.
	"I want to see the one who gave you this power." Said Kazumi.
	"You want to see god? The great and powerful Kagato?"
	"So that is what you call him." Kazumi gave a brief pause. "KAGATO! Where are you?!"
	"I am here." Said a voice.
	"Show yourself!" Kazumi said.
	"Okay."

	He appeard, and the two men stood in the throne room. Staring at each other.

	"Let's take it outside." Said Kazumi.
	"Yes, let's." Said Kagato.

	They dissapeared from the throne room and appeared in space. 
	
	"You know that we are not to do such things with the mortals, and this is my galaxy, 
what are you doing here?" Said Kazumi.
	"I want you." Said Kagato
	"Me? Why?"
	"You are strong, like me. With our powers combined we can rule over all mortals and 
immortals. All I need is your power to become one with mine."
	"Never. I would destroy myself than let you have my power to do such things."
	"Then so be it."

	With that last word, he pulled out his sword and attacked Kazumi. Kazumi pulled out 
his sword, and defended himself. The residual energy from their battle could be seen from all 
over the galaxy. They fought for days, until Kagato left himself open. Kazumi saw this and 
took the opportunity. His sword pierced through Kagato, but Kazumi could not kill Kagato. 
The Galaxy that bore Kazumi would not allow it, and would not give it's reason for this. So 
Kagato was stripped of his power and was forced to live as a mortal on the planet he toyed with.

	Kazumi placed Kagato on the planet, by himself, on an island; away from everyone else. 
Kazumi observed that planet for many days as the nomads began their battle with the Empire. Soon 
the Empire was losing their ground and their power. Until one day the nomads finally got to the 
Capital of the Empire, and won. The tree the nomads made their home around began to glow. Kazumi 
went to the tree, felt the tree, and felt it's power. The tree's power was also *his* power. 
Somehow the tree had absorbed the energy exerted from Kazumi when he granted those temporary 
powers to the nomads, and was awakened by the fighting.

	A voice came from the tree. "I am Tsunami. Who are you?"
	"I am the Cosmic Lord, Kazumi. I guess you can call me your father, in a way." Said 
Kazumi.
	"I thank you for saving my planet."
	"I did what was needed."
	
	Soon after that, the planet began to glow with the power of Tsunami. Tsunami created 
a royal family, renamed the planet Jurai, and other trees like Tsunami began to grow. Kazumi 
then began to survey what Tsunami was doing to the planet. While doing this, Kazumi met a woman, 
she was the First Princess of Jurai. Her name was Janetra. They talked for hours. Kazumi could 
feel something for this woman, and she too felt something for Kazumi. Many months had passed, and 
Kazumi had to leave. Janetra told him to stay, but Kazumi had to go. A planet had been destroyed 
by Kagato before he had become mortal. Kazumi was going to use the sub-atomic particles left by 
this planet to make the ship the people of this planet were going to build him.

	"Please don't go Kazumi, I need you here." Said Janetra.
	"I will return, with a ship." Said Kazumi.
	"A ship?"
	"Yes, and when I come back, we'll travel the cosmos together, for awhile. What do you 
say?"
	"Okay. Please come back soon."
	"I'll make an extra effort."

	Kazumi left, and as fast as he could, formed the particles into his ship. He decided 
his ship needed a name. The ship would be named after Janetra. Janetra woul be so honered . 
When Kazumi returned to Jurai, the people were sad. 

	"What is wrong?" Asked Kazumi.
	"Janetra is dead...assasinated." Said on old woman.

	Kazumi, not believing what he had heard, went to the Palace to find out if it was true. 
The man had been captured, and Kazumi wished to see him. When Kazumi saw who it was, he became 
enraged.

	"You, why would you do such a thing?" Kazumi asked.
	"Because you loved her. He he he." Said Kagato.

	Kazumi then pulled out his sword, and kept all the guards from moving. Kazumi could 
hear the pleads from the guards to let him be exicuted in front of the populace and Royal 
Family.

	"No. He will die now." Said a nenraged Kazumi. With that he killed Kagato, dissapered 
from the cell and Jurai, never to return again.

	"Wow, that's not the way my granpa tells it." Said Sasami.
	"Your grandpa was not there." Kazumi said. "It is time for you to rest. You have many 
days of hardship ahead."
	"Thank you, Kazumi, and I'm sorry."
	"Thank you Sasami, and good night."

	kazumi left the room, to find Kiyone standing in front of the door, crying.