Cosmic Dreams

First Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, it's your 
choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist Comics, again 
your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it can 
go on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga are hard 
to read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Date

	"What's the matter, Kiyone?" Kazumi said.
	"I couldn't imagine the pain you went through." Said Kiyone.
	"I've had 20,000 years to get over it. I still hurt, but this ship is a memorial to 
her, and that makes me feel better."
	
	There was a brief pause in the conversation. Neither of them knew what to say. Then 
Kazumi had an idea.
	
	"So what's the..." Said Kiyone.
	"The repairs on Yagami are finished; she'll be ready for your departure tomarrow."
	"How'd you know?"
	Kazumi tapped his finger against his nose a few times and said, "Theres' a nice garden 
on deck 10, would you like to see it?" Kiyone nodded followed Kazumi to the end of the hall. 
"It's a nice place for forgetting one's self." The doors opened, and they walked in. 
	"Who would want to forget who they are?" Blurted Kiyone.
	"I would..." Said Kazumi softly.
	"Why would you want to do that? Your some super powered, all knowing being, right? Who 
would want to forget about that?"
	"I..." Kazumi paused, he didn't want tell his dark secrets to just some stranger. "I 
can't tell you now." 
	"Why? What'd you do, destroy an entire race of people or something?" Kiyone said not 
taking Kazumi seriously. 
	"I said I don't want to talk about it now!" kazumi yelled. Kazumi looked over at Kiyone.
She was scared, he sounded like he was going to hit her. Kazumi lifted his arm to about waist
height. Kiyone put her hands in front of her face, but all Kazumi did was gently grab her hands,
bowed, said he was sorry, and kissed her hand.

	The lift stopped, and the doors opened. Kiyone ran out of the elevator, not believing 
the beauty of the garden.

	"So," Kazumi said, "Do you like it?" Kazumi asked her.
	"I love it. It's so peaceful here." Kiyone looked down and saw some Juraian Roses. 
"These Roses are from Jurai." Kiyone said.
	"Yes, this deck is the only thing I have, besides memories, to remind myself of the 
beauty the planet had before Janetra was killed. Something real to touch." Kazumi began to look 
at the ground.
	"...oh...yeah. I guess you would need somehting like that to help deal with the pain."
	"I just can't go back, all I see is her, in the clouds, the hills, the trees. I hear her 
voice in the wind. I wish I could turn off those feelings, but somehow I can't. I think I'm over
most of it now."
	"20,000 years is a long time to grieve someones death."

	Kazumi did not answer for a few minutes, then Kazumi said, "Today was the fist time 
Janetra's holographic program was used in the last 100 years." They both paused. Kiyone began to
walk off, then stopped.

	"So, how did you meet her?" Kiyone said.
	Kazumi looked up at Kiyone, "I bumped into her, while gazing at the sky. She called me a
clumsy fool. He he. Then she started laughing. I said "what?", she pointed at my face. She said 
that my face was more red than the roses in front of the palace, and I had the biggest shit 
eatin' grin she had ever seen." Kazumi began to laugh softly to himself.
	"You DO have the biggest shit eatin' grin I've ever seen." Kiyone said. Kazumi bagan to 
blush in embarassment.
	"I guess it's true then."
	"Look." Said Kiyone in an excited voice.
	"What?" Kazumi said, and she pointed to a couple of figures beyond the brushes.
	"Is that who I think it is?" She paused and tried to get a fix on who it was. "Oh, yes 
it is."

	Kazumi looked, and saw Tenchi and Aeka, holding hands, walking through the forest. 

	"Well, it looks like we're not the only ones enjoying the garden tonight." Kazumi said, 
"I guess that is the reason why she asked me to tell Sasami a story."
	"Hey, who's that over there?" Said Kiyone.
	"Those people hiding in the bushes?"
	"Yeah."
	"It looks like Washu, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, and Ryo-Ohki. It's not nice to spy on 
others. Wait here."

	Kazumi snuck up behind the peepers.

	"Hey, what are we looking at?" Kazumi wispered.
	"Somehow, Aeka got Tenchi to go on a "walk"." Said Washu.
	"Yes, I wish my dead wife could see her son now." Said Nobuyuki.
	"Are you spying on them too, Kazumi." Said Mihoshi.

	They all jumped up, and tried to explain, but Kazumi told them to go and mind their own 
business. They left, and Kazumi returned to Kiyone.

	"That was funny." Said Kiyone.
	"Yes, it was. Are they always that nosey?" Kazumi said.
	"You get used to it."

	They stood for a few seconds not looking at each other, thinking of something to say.

	"Let's leave them alone." Said Kiyone.
	"Okay, let's go." Kazumi said as he stood up.

	*I've never gotten a chance with Tenchi like this. Ryoko should be spoiling my chance, 
but where is she?*

	"Can we check on Ryoko?" Kazumi said.
	"I guess we can." Said Kiyone.

	They entered the lift and headed to Ryoko's room. While They were doing that Tenchi and 
Aeka faced each other.

	"Tenchi?" Said Aeka.
	"Yes, Aeka." Said Tenchi.
	"One day, when this is all over, I will have to leave you."
	"Why?"
	"Because, I am of Royal blood, and can only be married to a man of Royal blood."
	"Oh."
	"But, that doesn't mean we can't be together, now."
	"What about Ryoko? You two fight over me constantly, it might make it worse."
	"Maybe. Then..." Aeka then kissed Tenchi on the lips. "I guess this is goodnight."

	Aeka then began to walk away. Tenchi caught up to her and grabbed her hand. They held 
each others hand in a warm embrace. Knowing they could begin a relationship right now, as Aeka 
wants; but, Tenchi, not thinking about himself, though would like to, but couldn't really do 
that to Ryoko. Or could he, Tenchi thought.

	"Let me think about it for a while, okay Aeka." Said Tenchi.
	"Okay. Good night, Tenchi." Said Aeka in the most seductinve voice and manner she could
muster.

	Kiyone and Kazumi had finally reached Ryoko's room. He took a peek to see what she was 
doing, and, as he thought, she was still unconcious.

	"Where do you sleep?" Asked Kiyone.
	"Sleep? I... don't sleep." Kazumi said.
	"Oh... I thought you had a room of your own, pobably bigger than the rest of ours, that 
we could talk more in."
	"I do have a room of my own, I haven't been in it for a few years, but okay, let's go."

	They got into the transpoter tube and headed to the very top deck. After a few minutes 
they were at their destination. They walked to the large door. It opened and they walked in.

	"This is my room." Said Kazumi.
	"This is some room for someone that doesn't sleep." Kiyone said with astonishment.

	They sat down at the large table. kazumi pulled out a chair for Kiyone.

	"I'm sure your hungry. Speaking of being hungry. Do you guys not feed Mihoshi or 
something." Said Kazumi.
	"Why did she eat everything in your Mess Hall?" Said Kiyone with a grin.
	"Just about."
	"Yeah, she's always eating." Kiyone began to look down at the table, "One day I'll be 
rid of her. All she ever does is ruin my chances of being promoted, and of course you helped out
alittle with that today."
	"Sorry. I tried to stop Janetra, but..."
	"I herd it before. You don't have to repeat yourself."
	"I guess I'll make you something to eat."

	Kazumi then walked in front of a machine and began to press buttons. A compartment opened
in the wall next to him, then some food appeared. "I had some Chow Mein made. I hope you like 
it." Kazumi set down the large bowl he had in his hands.

	After an hour, Kiyone could not eat anymore. They talked for a while, she talked about 
how she was going to leave Mihoshi and start a new life, and Kazumi listened.

	"You'll never get away from her." Kazumi said.
	"I'll do it, and I'll finally be happy. I know, I'll quit the Galaxy Police, and I'll 
go away, really far away."
	"You can't do that. You are forever tied to Mihoshi, Aeka, Sasami, and Tenchi. The rest 
of the gang will need your help in this new journey ahead."
	"New Journey, huh. I guess I'll stay with them until it's over."
	
	Just then the door opened up.

	"Hey Kazumi, I'm awake, ready to relive those old times...eh." Ryoko ran into my room 
with an arm full of Sake bottles, but she dropped them when she saw Kiyone with me. "I guess 
you've decided to find someone else to spend your time with." She began to frown, and slowly 
walked out the room.

	"What was that all about?" Asked Kiyone.
	"Oh, you want the truth, I bet." Kazumi said.
	"Yes, that would be fantasticaly amazine."
	"Ryoko and I used to..."
	"Oh. I see."

	Kiyone then leaned back into her chair and stared at the ceiling. "So those 'old times' 
Ryoko wanted to relive, was sex?"
	"Yes, it was. She became very attached to me. I found her almost dead on Ryo-Ohki. She 
told me her and Nagi exchanged some pretty intense words and began to fight. It was a draw, for
the fact none of them could get up. I nursed her back to health, and she stayed on my ship for
a while, and we got to know each other pretty well. Then one day, we where on a planet not real
far from Earth, and Mihoshi found Ryoko. She left, with Mihoshi right behind her."

	I looked over, and Kiyone was walking out of the room. Kazumi got up, "Kiyone, wait...",
but she left. He sat in his chair until everyone woke up. When everyone began to board Yagami, 
Katsuhito came up to Kazumi.

	"I have to say good-bye once again, old friend." Said Katsuhito.
	"Be careful Katsuhito, I have a bad feeling about this new Emperor." Kazumi said.
	"Is that so."

	Katsuhito stepped into the ship with Tenchi and Nobuyuki. Followed by Aeka, Sasami with 
Ryo-Oki, Washu, Mihoshi, and then Ryoko. Kiyone walked up to me, shook my hand, and said good-
bye. I watched as she stepped into the ship. I looked up into the bridge of Yagami and saw 
Ryoko, looking at me, she was very sad. I telekinetically told her I still cared her, too. She 
smiled for just an instance and looked ahead.