Cosmic Dreams

Final Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, it's 
your choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist Comix, 
again your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it 
can go on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga 
are hard to read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Return

	It has been a few weeks since Tenchi and the gang met Kazumi and his ship Janetra. Kazumi
tracked their journey since they left Janetra. Kazumi kept in contact with them, He was most 
intrigued by one message that told of a swimsuit contest, Kiyone had developed a perculiar tan 
line. The others told him she did pretty well in the swimsuit contest, so he guess it wasn't 
that bad; but recently he recieved a transmition from them saying they where being persued by a 
few Juraian ships and had to go into forbidden Juraian space.

	"Janetra, play the last transmition recieved from Yagami.", said Kazumi.
	"Processing...", said Janetra.
	
	The viewscreen came alive with static, then Kiyone's face flickered in.

	"Kazumi? Hi!", said Kiyone, then Kazumi's voice came in.
	"Hello Kiyone. How are things going? My monitoring equipment reads that you're in 
Juraian space. I don't think you should be contacting me now."
	"It's okay, I'm using a triple encoded sub-space transciever."
	"Well, that still could attract attention, with the right equipment, of course.
Enough of that, how is everyione holding up?"
	"Wellllllll.... Ryoko's still giving me wierd looks, but other than that, everyone
seems fine; but, Katsuhito is spending a lot of time by himeself, and when he is around,
he's still very distant."
	"He's probably just thinking real hard. Can I speak to him?"
	"He's not on the bridge, I'll see if he is in his room...............Okay! here he is 
Kazumi."
	"Hello?", Katsuhito's voice came through.
	"Kiyone? Could you close the channel, we need to talk in private."
	"You got it."
	"Katsuhito, are you alone?"
	"Yes I am."
	"Kiyone says you have been keeping to yourself lately."
	"Yes."
	"Is there any particular reason?"
	"Have you been feeling alittle weak lately?"
	That was an odd question, Kazumi thought, "Well now that you mention it, for some 
strange reason I've been noticing my powers being drained, but only briefly. I've tried 
to trace where it is coming from, but no luck."
	"I believe we are in great danger."
	"Have you told the others?"
	"No, but..."
	"Don't worry about it. I'll be there if things don't go right."
	"Okay. I trust your judgement."
	"Could you please get Kiyone back on?"
	
	After a few moments, Kiyone appeared on the screen again.

	"Guess what?", said Kiyone
	"What?" I said with anticipation.
	"I placed in a swimsuit contest."
	"Really?"
	"Then Ryoko stole the prize money."
	"She did that? Yeah, that sounds like Ryoko."
	"Yeah, Nagi won, but we needed thatmoney more than her."
	"So, are you guys okay now?."
	"Yep, we're as good as......... Hey what's that? Mihoshi get a reading."
	Mihoshi could be heard from the background, "It looks like some Juraian battleships."
	"Juraian battle ships!? Kazumi, we're going to have to continue this conversation 
later......." As she was talking, the screen went black.

	This buged Kazumi, it has been a few days since he heard from them, but he sensed nothing
 wrong. Just then Kazumi began to feel weak again.

	"Janetra, start the trace.", he yelled.
	"Tracing..." Said Janetra.

	kazumi waited a few minutes, and the feeling went away.

	"Trace failed.", said Janetra.
	"Hmmm. I think we should set course to Jurai."
	"What does the Galaxy say about that?"
	"I haven't heard from it in a while, so I guess there is no objection."
	"Course plotted...Course cancelled."
	"Why...I can feel her..."
	"A ship is approching us from the port side... Checking identitiy.....Identified 
as Ryo-Ohki."
	
	He teleported them to Janetra's bridge.
	
	"Ryoko?", she was injured, and was not responding."Hmmm...let's see 
what is the matter.", HE scanned her body, and found traces of his own energy around her wound.
"Let's go to the Med-Lab. Janetra, prepare it for us.", Kazumi then teleported them to the 
Med-Lab.

	"Meow-Mew?", said Ryo-Ohki.
	"No, she'll live. This is strange.", Kazumi set Ryoko on a bed, set up the monitors, and 
began to think. "How could this happen?"
	"Meow-Meow!"
	"A man did this?"
	"Meow."
	"Yosho was injured in a fight with the same man? I'll try to get a psychic link 
with Yosho.", he concentrated real hard, but what he got was real faint.

	He was seeing inside Yosho's mind.
	
	"Yosho!!", Kazumi yelled.
	"Kazumi...", said a voice.
	"Yosho?", he then appeared.
	"I am going to die."
	"But, you can't... That is not the way it is to be."
	"HE has found a way to use your power."
	"Kagato?"
	"Yes, and...he has something planned. I fear for Tenchi's life as well. I can not 
feel him... Or Aeka."
	"Do you think they're..."
	"Maybe."
	"Hold tight Yosho, I am coming."

	Kazumi broke the psychic link, and looked at Ryoko. She was finally coming around.
	
	"I thought he was dead.", said Ryoko
	"He was.", Kazumi added.
	"Then how..."
	"I'm going to find out."

	Kazumi left the room and materialized on the bridge.

	"Janetra, head for Jurai.", Kazumi commanded.
	"At once.", Janetra answered.

	They headed for Jurai. Then Kazumi began adding the pieces together. It was one big plan 
from the very beginning. Kagato seemed to have many planes up his sleave. If one failed, he
would try another, knowing of the outcome of the previous plan.

	After Kazumi killed Kagato in his prison cell. He must have used Jo-Kiro to bring him 
back to life at a certain time. Jo-Kiro saw the time at hand as a young Yosho trained to 
be the best swordsman ever. Somehow Kagato managed to use the power of Jurai, and worked his
way into the Juraian Royal Family; but, Kagato wanted to explore the secrets of the power of
Jurai. Yosho stopped him, and put him in another dimension. In that other dimension, Kagato 
must have found a way to drain my powers away from me. He became the Emperor of Jurai, and 
began to plot again. By using what portion of my power he could get from Kazumi, he could have 
his revenge on Everyone, and hide himeself from the Galaxy. Kazumi knew he must stop him, if 
Tenchi can't.

	A few hours later, Janetra had reached Juraian space. Ryoko was feeling better, but not
in any condition to fight.

	"I'm going down to the surface to find out what is going on.", Kazumi said.
	"I want to go with you. We can win together.", Ryoko protested.
	"You are not in any condition to fight, you'll just get killed. You're lucky to 
even be standing here with me."
	"We have reached the planet of Jurai.", said Janetra.
	"Janetra, keep Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki on the ship.", Kazumi said.
	"Understood."
	"But, Kazumi! He must pay. I want my revenge.", Ryoko proclaimed.
	"People who fight only for revenge will eventually lose.", Kazumi stated.
	"Fine..."

	He left the ship. The planet was quiet. In the trees Kazumi could see a red ship. It 
was Yagami surrounded by a few Juraian battle cruisers. They ignored Kazumi as he passed. He 
could see Kiyone looking at him from the bridge window, and kept going toward the palace.

	Inside Kazumi found four dieing bodies. Two of them were Azaka and Kamidake. The other
two were also knights, but thery were evil, like their master. Kazumi pressed on, until he 
saw two large doors in front of him. Behind them he heard nothing. Then he could feel an image
being pressed into my conciousness. It was Tenchi and Aeka, fighting Kagato. Aeka hit Kagato 
with an energy bolt with no effect. He killed her without even breaking a sweat. Tenchi then 
began to flow with the power of Tsunami and Jurai. Tenchi charged Kagato, and they struck each 
other. What should have ended with Tenchi winning, ended with Tenchi's death. Kagato also had 
the power of Jurai, but he had some of my power, too. That gave him an edge, and the win. Then 
Kazumi felt the pressence of Tsunami in the room.

	"Kazumi, Kagato has completely taken over. I have no choice but to let him use my
power. He is using me to tap into your powers. You must expell you powers somehow!.", said 
Tsunami in an alarmed state.
	"To do that I must find something that can hold such tremendous power....Maybe 
Janetra can.", Kazumi said.
	"Your ship?"
	"Yes, she could hold that power. Maybe she can pull the power Kagato stole, too."

	Just then, Kazumi thought he had seen the real Janetra neer the two large doors. He 
could clearly see her. She becond for him, he began to walk over to her, and was surrounded by a
conciousness.

	"Kazumi...", said a voice. It was all around him.
	"Janetra?", he questioned.
	"Yes. Kazumi, It is I. It's up to you. You must face him one last time, for me...
Tenchi....Aeka....and Yosho."
	"They are all dead, too?"
	"Unfourtunately, yes, but even though, we can help you. With our power, and Tsunami's 
power, you can win."
	"I must win..."

	The conciousness then dissapeared. He was alone.

	"Janetra?", Kazumi said.
	"Yes?", the ship responded.
	"Prepare to recieve my powers."

	At the same time in Yagami.

	"I hope Kazumi helps Tenchi.", said Kiyone with great concern.
	"It is the other way around.", said Sasami.

	Everyone stared at Sasami as she got up and looked out the window. A bright light shot 
up from the palace.

	"That looks like a tremendous amount of power.", said Washu. She then pulled out a device 
to read it. "It is off all my scales! This could only be..."
	"Kazumi? He's not....dead. Is he? Can he?", yelled Kiyone.
	"I believe it is possible."
	"Hey it stopped." Said Mihoshi with a tear in her eye.
	"The ships are still in their positions. The Emperor must still be busy.", said Washu 
with delight.
	"But, Kazumi could still be dead.", said Kiyone in a faint voice.

	Back in the palace, Kazumi was now ready to fight Kagato. With his power gone, he 
can not steal anymore of it through Tsunami, Tsunami is not connected to Janetra, the ship.

	With the powers bestowed on me by Tsunami, Janetra, Tenchi, Aeka, and Yosho, 
Kazumi blew open the doors. From the doorway he could see Aeka and Tenchi's body, hanging, 
chained to the far wall as some sick joke.

	"Ha ha ha ha...so you have finally come. With your own power, I will destroy you, and 
get my revenge. I noticed you tried to steal the power back. I must commend you on
your effort and the way you have hid your powers in Janetra, where I can't touch it; but, when 
you are defeated, I'll take all of your power from your ship.", Kagato said in the shadows of 
his throne.
	"Then I guess I can't lose then.", Kazumi said.
	"So how does it feel to be mortal?", said Kagato.
	"Why don't you tell me. You've been one longer."
	"Yes...that is true. I'll tell you then. It is weak. You are weak. All you have 
is the side-effects of being mortal, like pain. Would you like to know what that is, how 
it feels? I'll tell you, it is undiscribable; it is different everytime. The best part of 
being mortal is the infliction of pain on others. I will miss that feeling, but you won't, 
you'll be dead."
	"I met your lackey Jo-Kiro a few weeks ago. He was so sure he was going to rule 
the universe with you."
	"Ah, Jo-Kiro, what an assistant. All I had to do is tell him what he wanted to 
hear, and he would do anything for me. I was sad to see him go, I was going to use his 
powers too. You know, the offer still stands. Be at my side. You and I will destroy the 
other Cosmic Lords. You are a good swordsman, like me, no one will be able to withstand our 
power. All I ask of you is to give all your power to me."
	"I would rather destroy myself than do that."
	"So be it. I'll get it eventually. Now, I believe it is time to fight. Oh, and don't
worry about your Galaxy, it won't know your dead. I'll take your place, and destroy everything
that was yours, like.....your friends. I'll start with Kiyone, I know you like her. Then, the 
Galaxy itself. Oh, the happy days ahead......NOW DIE!"

	With those last words, Kagato jumped from his throne, pulled out his sword, and set
his position, in front of Kazumi.

	"Pull out your sword, Kazumi. I want this to be fun.", Kagato was mocking me, hoping
Kazumi would get mad.
	"Okay Kagato, let's rock.", Kazumi pulled out his sword, as he did this he could feel 
the power of his fallen commrads, lover, and all the people Kagato destroyed just to get to me, 
flow through me.
	"How can this be, such power should not flow with you. I have the power of Tsunami!
I have power over everything!"
	"Those are powers we can not control, your are full of illusions; the power of the
Cosmos is fueled by the Galaxy, not other beings, and not by the decieced."
	"No. I will have power over them all!"

	As he was distracted by his own limitations, Kazumi thrusted his sword into Kagato's 
stomach. With a scream of anger he jumped away.

	"Are you so indestrucible, Kagato?", Kazumi jested.
	"I underestimated you, now you will feel the full force of Jurai, and what I have
of your powers!", yelled Kagato in distgust.

	He began to swing his sword wildly at Kazumi. Kazumi figured he had just better put up a 
good defense, and wear him down.

	"I will have my revenge.", Kagato said with another voice from the door.

	Kazumi stabbed him again as Kagato was distracted, but instead of him jumping away, he 
also stabbed Kazumi with his sword.

	"Now this is what pain feels like!", Kagato said with a grin. He then jumped away. Ryoko 
had somehow escaped from Janetra and entered the Palace, "Ryoko, nice to see you again. Soon, you
too will join your friends.", Kagato then pointed over to Tenchi and Aeka's dead bodies.
	"Nooooo! Tenchiiiiii! YOU WILL PAY, KAGATO!", yelled Ryoko.

	Kazumi could do nothing but watch. Kagato was still a bit stronger than him.

	"Ryoko! No! Stay back. It's my fight now.", Kazumi finally got up.
	"Yes Ryoko, quit. You'll just die, too.", Kagato said to Ryoko, taunting her.

	Ryoko finally could not take anymore. She created her light sword and began to 
attack Kagato.

	"You are good, Ryoko. Even with that injury.", with those words Kagato punched Ryoko's
wound. Ryoko screamed, and fell to her knees, paralized by the blow. Kagato then raised his 
sword to inflict the final blow.
	"Nooooooooo!" Kazumi screamed. He lifted his free hand and let out a tremendous energy 
blast. It was so powerful it vaporized his arm. "AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH........ungh."

	Kagato was laying by the steps to his throne. He was burned, like toast, but he was 
still alive! "How can that be?", Kazumi said with all the strength he could. Ryoko had managed to
get out of the way, but the residual energy had thrown her across the room. She was uncouncious.

	"I....will....not...f..fail.", said Kagato. He began to climb the steps to his Throne. 
"I will win.", his strength was coming back to him.
	"No... you will fail, Kagato.", with the help of my dead friends, and Tsunami, I climbed 
the steps toward Kagato.
	"All I need is to sit down.", Kagato had made his way to his throne, with the last
bit of energy he had, he threw an energy bolt at kazumi. He was too weak to get away. It just 
missed him. kazumi lost the vision in his left eye. He began to fall backwards, but someone had 
caught him. It was Ryoko.
	"Get...him Kazumi. End it now.", Ryoko urged Kazumi forward.
	"With my last breath, I spit at thee.", Kagato said.
	"It will end now. Even if it kills me.", Kazumi proclaimed. Kazumi raised his sword. He 
held the hilt upsidedown.
	"You beat me again.....Kazumi."
	"With this spear, I stabbeth thee.", Kazumi then thrusted his sword into Kagato's body. 
Kazumi released all the energy he could into his sword, even Ryoko put her hand on the sword. 
With all that energy, Kagato was finally destroyed. 