Cosmic Dreams

Final Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, 
it's your choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist 
Comix, again your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it
 can go on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga 
are hard to read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Aftermath

	The powers that Kagato had stolen from Kazumi were returned apon Kagato's death. It was 
just enough power to help Kazumi from bleeding to death. Ryoko helped him down the steps. She 
carried him even though she was in great pain. They were at the bottom of the steps, Ryoko then 
callapsed to the floor.

	"What shall we do now, Kazumi?", said Ryoko trying to mask her pain.
	"I must set things right, undo the harm Kagato has done.", Kazumi said. "Janetra?"
	"Yes, Kazumi?", said the ship.
	"I need my powers back."

	On Yagami, Kiyone and the others were standing over Yosho's body, not sure what to do.

	"I wish I knew what was going on in that palace.", said Kiyone.
	"I hope my boy is okay.", said Nobuyuki.
	"Can you guys hear that?", said Mihoshi.

	They hurried back to the bridge to see what the noise was. It began to grow louder.
 Then the ground was shaking.

	"That beam? We saw that earlier.", said Washu.
	"Look, the ships, they're leaving!", said Sasami.
	"Let's try and get to the palace.", said Kiyone.

	In the palace Kazumi was gathering his strength undoing all the wrong that was done by 
Kagato, but, he could only undo what Kagato had recently done.

	"What's wrong?", Ryoko asked.
	"Janetra...", Kazumi said.
	"What about the ship?"
	"Not the ship... her.", Kazumi pointed to the far corner. There he could see Janetra's 
spirit, and the others, looking at him.
	"Tenchi! He is alive!"
	"No, not yet. That is his spirit, along with Aeka, Yosho, and all the others." 
Kazumi walked up to them. Tsunami took his hand.
	"You've won. Why are you sad?", said Tsunami.
	"I can't bring back Janetra, and the others, just Tenchi, Aeka, and Yosho.", Janetra's
spirit then walked over to Kazumi. Tsunami backed off, she too became sad, knowing my pain.
	"It is okay, Kazumi. I would only cause problems with your life now.", said Janetra.
	"No you wouldn't.", then Kiyone and the others walked in with Azaka and Kamidake.
	"Yes, I would.", she then turned away. "Revive your friends, I will always be with 
you. Good-bye, Kazumi."

	Kazumi then summoned all of his power. A hum could be heard all around the room. His eye 
and arm were reformed. Then Tenchi, Aeka, and Yosho's bodies appeared before him. With a mere 
thought, life flowed through them, again.

	"Tenchi!", said Nobuyuki.
	"Aeka!", said Sasami.
	"...Tenchi...?", said Aeka.
	
	Kazumi was tackled by Kiyone. She hugged him like she thought he was dead.

	"What's wrong?" Kazumi said in a kind voice.
	"I thought that all of you were dead. I saw that beam, and I thought...", Kazumi stopped 
Kiyone from going any farther in her explanation, she was beginning to cry.
	"It's okay now. We're all going to be okay, now.", Kazumi thought about what he had just 
said, and remembered about Janetra. The Galaxy said that it was supposed to happen. Kazumi 
didn't want to think that, mortals live with the same pain; but, Kazumi could bring her back, 
but he can't, if he did that, the Galaxy would strip his powers away from him for missusing his
powers for personal gain. He was beginning to hate myself.

	Aeka and Tenchi were huddled together with Nobuyuki, and Yosho. All of them looked 
at Kazumi. He could see a great joy in their faces. He then thought about what he does, he keeps 
things equal in the galaxy, and in the end everyone should be happy; but... he quit thinking 
about himself. He began to look around at his new friends. He noticed one was missing, Ryoko. He 
began to scan the area around the planet. He saw Ryo-Ohki flying away from Jurai. Instead of 
chasing her, and find out what was wrong, he let her go knowing they would find each other again.

	The next day in the palace, when all of them were done with our hellos, and everybodies 
names were cleared with the Galaxy Police, Aeka took her place on the throne of Jurai. She sat 
in her chair, and becond for Tenchi. Tenchi climbed the steps, keeping eye contact with Aeka all 
the way up. He finally got to the top and kneeled before Aeka.

	"My love, Tenchi. We had a conversation once, about how we would have to leave each 
other one day, but now, we have learned, on this journey, that you too are of royal blood. I 
now ask of you to take the throne with me, as Emperor of Jurai.", said Aeka with great pleasure.
	"Aeka..... I would love to be Emperor of Jurai, but...I have to finish school, and I 
don't think I'm ready to leave Earth, yet. So I must leave you now. I will always love you, 
but this can not happen, now.", Tenchi said with sincerity.
	"I see...... then that is your dicision. I.......", Aeka turned away from Tenchi, so 
he could not see her cry. Tenchi, sad himself, then proceeded down the steps. He found comfort
in his father, and grandfather. They turned towards Kazumi, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.

	"We will be leaving this evening, I hope to see you again on Earth.", said Yosho.
	"You can count on it.", Kazumi said.

	They left the room. Aeka turned around, and asked Kazumi to come up the steps. He walked 
up the stairs.
	
	"Yes, your highness?", Kazumi said in respect.
	"I feel obligated to reward you with something.", Aeka said.
	"Your happiness is all I need."
	"But, I am not happy, not without Tenchi at my side."
	"I can not do anything about that. I am sorry.", Sasami then came to my side.
	"I'm sorry, Kazumi.", Sasami said.
	"About what Sasami?", Kazumi said.
	"About Janetra.", she began to cry.
	"That's okay...", Kazumi bent over to her ear."...Tsunami.", she began to giggle.
	"Then I must do this...." Aeka interrupted. "I will enter these events into the 
official Juraian History Books, and have a statue of you placed by the Palace, to forever 
protect the planet of Jurai, and remind the people of yesterday."
	"I am honored, your highness.", Kazumi left down the steps. He could feel her pain, the 
pain of also losing a loved one. Kazumi turned back to Aeka. "I share your pain, but you can 
do something about yours.", she began to think about what he had said. Kazumi turned, and 
continued back down the steps, where Kiyone and Mihoshi were waiting for him.
	
	"Where is Washu?", Kazumi asked Kiyone.
	"She left this morning to run the Science Academy.", Kiyone said.
	"Well I hope that works out."
	"What shall we do now?"
	"We should also be on our way."
	"I guess so..."
	"We'll go slowly to GPHQ, okay Mihoshi?"
	"I don't want to get back to work anytime soon.", said Mihoshi.
	"Then I must be off. Other matters need my attention."
	"Okay, then let's go. C'mon Mihoshi."
	"Are we going to get something to eat?", said Mihoshi.
	"Sure, I guess we can."
	"Oh, boy...I get shotgun." Kiyone then looked at Kazumi and laughed.