Cosmic Dreams

Final Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, 
it's your choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist 
Comix, again your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it
 can go on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga 
are hard to read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Search

	"Ahhhhhhhhhh. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Ohhhhhhhhhaaaahhhhhhhh..Yesssss. God I love this Herbal 
Essance Shampoo!." Said Mihoshi. 

	Mihoshi was taking a shower. She was very tired. Ever since she got back to the Galaxy
Police Head Quarters, her and Kiyone were very busy. The people of another planet in another 
Solar System, were rioting. Kiyone and Mihoshi had to head the riot patrols. Each day ended the 
same way, bruises and sore muscles. Kiyone would give Mihoshi a massage to work out all the knots
in Mihoshi's back. Then Mihoshi would massage Kiyone's back, and other parts of her that were 
sore.

	"Oh, Kiyoneeeee, it's your turn to use the showerrrrr." Mihoshi said. She then noticed
Kiyone was not in the room. Where could she be, Mihoshi thought. "Oh, noooooo, she's not here! 
What will I do without Kiyone?"
	"Shut up, Mihoshi, I'm right here." Stormed Kiyone. "I was just in my room, getting my
soap."
	"Oh...Okay! Dum te do........." Mihoshi left, singing some little toon.
	"I can't wait till I get my chance, then BANG, I'm outta here." Kiyone said under her 
breath.

	In the shower, all she could think about is if she left, what would she do? Mihoshi would
try to find me. Maybe I can get away long enough to get some of my senses back.

	After the shower, Kiyone went to her room, and took her towel off. She began to think 
out loud"I wonder what everyone else is doing right now?" Then the video phone began to ring. 
"Hello?" She answered.
	"This is the chief, uh, umm. Kiyone?" Said the Chief.
	"What?"
	"Could you put some clothes on?"
	"Oh, crap!." Kiyone had not realized she took her towel off when the phone rang. She 
shut off the monitor, and put on her uniform, then turned the monitor back on. "I'm sorry sir,
it won't happen again."
	"I don't know...You might get a promotion if you answer the phone that way more often."
	"Sir?"
	"Uh, nothing? My mind was wondering." *Yeah that wasn't all that was wondering*, Kiyone 
thought. "I heard you two had a big day?"
	"Yes sir." The Chief then interupted.
	"Yes, I heard some military faction has entered the rioters side?"
	"Yes, sir. We lost three officers." Kiyone looked at the ground.
	"That's unfortunate. I'm sending more officers to assist you and your squads."
	"Thank you, sir. Their help will be much welcomed."
	"Well, tomarrow is another big day, but you get to miss it. As of right now, You and 
Mihoshi are on a week of leave to recover."
	"Yes sir, thank you sir." The monitor went off. Kiyone turned around. "Yeeeeeesssss!"
	"Oh, you liked the shampoo, too." Said Mihoshi as she walked in.
	"Oh...yes, but that's not it. For the next week, we are on leave!"
	"Oh boy, are we going back to Earth?"
	"Yes we are, but I need to get something on the planet first. You go to bed, I'll be 
right back."
	"Okay, Kiyone." Mihoshi then left to her room.

	The next morning, Mihoshi woke up, feeling so happy that she didn't have to bash anymore
heads in for a week. Blood really stains her uniform bad. "I wonder if Kiyone has set course for
Earth yet?" Mihoshi got up and went to the bridge. "Oh, she's not here. She must still be 
asleep." She ran to Kiyone's room, but she wasn't there either. Mihoshi checked the bath, the 
engine room, and even the guest room, but no Kiyone. Mihoshi then began to cry. "Oh noooooo. 
Kiyone left me. I can't do anything without Kiyoneeeee!" She then stopped crying. "Hey, I know,
I'll call Kazumi, he can find her." Mihoshi then left to the bridge. She called Kazumi.

	"Hello? Oh it's you Mihoshi." The view screen cam on, Kazumi was in his chair smiling at
her. "What's wrong? Wait, don't tell me. Kiyone left."
	"Wow, how did you know. Did you read my mind or something?" Mihoshi said while she 
smiled.
	"No, lucky guess. She left, huh? Well, stay where you are, I'll be there in a second."

	Kazumi set course to meet Mihoshi. It only took a few minutes, because he used the 
Sub-Space Drive. He then teleported himself to Yagami.
	
	"Hello!" Kazumi said.
	"Thank you for coming, Kazumi. I'm glad you can help me. Do you know where Kiyone is."
	"Yeah, I know where she is. She went to Platon, a planet truck stop. I see her trying 
to get a job." He could see a vision of Kiyone in his head. "We should leave now."
	"Okay, are we going to take your ship?"
	"No, it'll cause too much commotion."
	"Okay, then, thrusters on. Let's go!"

	Yagami's engines powered up, and with a roar, they were flying through space.

	"Yeah, I'd like a job." Said Kiyone to the Bartender.
	"A job here? Why would a pretty little thing like you want a job here? It's rough, all 
kinds of strange men come here, are you sure?" Said the Bartender.
	"Yes, I need a job."
	"Okay, there's an apron, pad, and pencil in the back room. Welcome to the Pit Stop, 
lady."

	Back on Yagami, Mihoshi was thinking of the Kagato incident. "Kazumi, I was thinking 
about the Kagato thing that happened, and I was wondering why he kidnapped Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, 
and Ryo-Ohki, if he knew you would save them?" Said Mihoshi out of the blue.
	"Well, he didn't actually think I could save them. Kagato thought that Jo-Kiro would be 
able to stop me, but I proved him wrong. Kagato was going to use Aeka, Ryoko, and Sasami as bait
for me. He was going to let Ryo-Ohki go in the hope that I would intercept her; but we saved 
them before they could do that. Kagato then decided to just wait for me to come to him. It was 
no big plan, he just wanted revenge on me for taking his powers away from him, and killing him." 
Kazumi responded.
	"Oh, well..... Okayyy."
	"You didn't here the story?"
	"Yes, I did, I just thought there was more."
	"Well, that's it."

	Mihoshi then looked ahead. Just thinking about getting Kiyone back.

	Back on Platon Kiyone was bussing tables "Hey! Waitress? Over here!" A costomer said.
	"Yes, sir? Can I help you?" Kiyone said.
	"Yeah, you can help me. I want a double bourbon, straight up."
	"Okay sir, it'll be here in a minute." Jeez what an asshole, Kiyone thought.
	
	"Here we are, Platon. It's not very clean." Kazumi mentioned.
	"Wow, why would Kiyone come here?" Mihoshi said.
	"Because, she can hide very easily in this crowded dump. Look over there. It's the bar
Kiyone is in." Kazumi could see the bar she got a job at, The Pit Stop. Not the most hospitable 
bars in Platon. "We must hurry, Kiyone could get hurt in a bar like that."

	"Here is your drink sir." Said Kiyone.
	"You know what I could use with this?" The costomer said.
	"What would that be sir?"
	"Some entertainment."
	"If you wait another hour the band will be here."
	"No, not that kind of entertainment," Uh oh, here it comes, thought Kiyone, "I want 
you to strip and dance on this table for me. I have a lot of money on me."
	"I don't think so sir, take a cold shower."
	"I don't think you understand, I want you to dance." He grabbed her arm, and began to 
pull her on to the table.
	"Hey!" Kazumi yelled, "You heard the lady, she doesn't want to."
	"Mind your own business, pal." The man said.
	"Get your hand off her now." Kazumi said in a roar.
	"Oh, yeah, what are you going to do?"
	Kazumi's shit eatin' grin came to his face, "I'll have to take you outside and beat some 
manners into you." The man then pulled out a knife. Mihoshi then pulled out her gun.
	"You don't have to do that, Mihoshi. I can handle it."
	"Oh, you think so." The man said.
	"I guarantee it."
	"Okay, I gave you a chance to give up, your loss pal." Said the man, then he lunged at 
Kazumi. Kazumi dodged his attacked and hit him in the back of the head. The man hit the ground 
and didn't get up.
	"I knew you would find me." Kiyone said while looking down.
	"I told you I would find you. Anyway, it's time to go home." Said kazumi.
	"Home?"
	"You and Mihoshi are to patrol the Sol System at the end of the week." A smile grew on
Kiyone's face.
	"Okay, I give up. Let's go, home." Kiyone said, then mihoshi began to cry.
	"Oh, Kiyone. I thought I lost you." Cried Mihoshi. Kiyone began to look around as Mihoshi
began hugging Kiyone. "Oh, Kiyone!" Mihoshi began to cry more.
	"Hey, this is a real Kodak moment, but we need to go. I get shotgun." Said Kazumi.
	
	We then got on Yagami and headed for Earth.