Cosmic Dreams

Final Impression
	
	Tenchi Muyo! and all of it's characters are the property of AIC or Pioneer, 
it's your choice. The Cosmic Lord, Kazumi, is the property of Dustin Taylor or Narcist 
Comix, again your choice. I hope you enjoy the text version of my Manga/Fan Fic.

	I created this text version for three reasons: reason #1, I'm making this so it
 can go on GenSao's Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive. Reason #2, some parts of my manga 
are hard to read. Finally reason #3, I'm bored.

The Homecoming

	"Hey, we're here! Hey...I'm speaking to you. Can you two hear me?" Said Mihoshi trying 
to tell Kiyone that they arrived in Earth's orbit. She then waved Mihoshi away, "Oh, I see, well
I'm going to land Yagami then."
	"Oh, no you don't!" Yelled Kiyone. Kiyone then butted Mihoshi away from the controls. "I 
don't need to be demoted because you crashed Yagami, okay Mihoshi." Mihoshi then began to cry. 
"Oh, damnit. Fine, you can land Yagami, Mihoshi."
	"Alright!" Mihoshi then grabbed the controls, and began to land Yagami just outside the 
town. With just alittle bit of turbulence, Mihoshi landed Yagami.
	"Wow, you did it Mihoshi." Kiyone said with amazement. Mihoshi was smiling.
	"I helped her out alittle." I said in a wisper.

	They stepped out of Yagami just in time to see what looked like a comet falling from the 
sky; but, it wasn't a comet, it was Ryo-Ohki.

	"We should go to our appartment, if we haven't been evicted, and then go to Tenchi's 
house, okay?" Said Kiyone. The comm began to beep. Kiyone ran into Yagami and answered it. 
"Hello?"
	"Hey, it's me. I'm running alittle late, there were some matters that needed my 
attention." Said Kazumi in an apoligetic voice.
	"That's okay, no rest for the "Cosmic Lords", eh." Kiyone joked.
	"Har har. Kazumi out." The screen went blank, and Kiyone exited Yagami.
	"Who was that?" Said Mihoshi.
	"Just Kazumi. He's running late." Kiyone said.
	"That's strange." Said Mihoshi.
	"I guess so, whatever. Let's go." Kiyone and Mihoshi then began their trek back into 
town.
	
	Kiyone and Mihoshi made it back into town in half an hour. They walked up to the stairs
of their apartment. Kiyone pulled out the door key, and put into the lock. She turned it very
slowly, hoping it wouldn't stop. They both heard a click, and let out a deep breath. "Well, we
still have a home, thank god." Said Kiyone.
	"Hey Kiyone, look at the answering machine." Mihoshi said. There were 40 messages.
	"Well, hit the play button, we haven't got all day." Said Kiyone. The messages played,
most of them were from prank callers and perverts, but a few of them were from the land lord.
The last message from the land lord said to have the rent money by the fifteenth of May or be 
evicted. "What day is today, Mihoshi?" Said Kiyone knowing what day it was.
	"Let's see, one, two....... the fifteenth," Mihoshi then put two and two together, "oh,
man, what will we do Kiyone. We need to come up with the rent money tonight."
	"No shit, Sherlock, but what can we do to make up for the rent. If we use the money in 
our account we'll have barely enough to buy food and other goods." Panicked Kiyone.
	"We could ask Nob, I mean, Mr. Masaki for the money, and I'm sure we might not even have
to pay him back."
	"Eh, that's a good thought, but I don't want to swindle a few thousand yen from an old
man for showing a bit of leg," Kiyone began to think again. "Come to think of it, we might be 
able to do that." A devilish smile grew on Kiyone's face. "Here's the plan," Kiyone sat down on 
the floor. "You show Mr. Masaki a good time and we can get the money for the rent! What'd ya 
say?"
	"I'm not going to do that, you do it." Said Mihoshi in a protest.
	"Me, I'm not his type. He like's tall blondes with pointy ears." Said Kiyone as she 
folded her arms.
	"He does?" Mihoshi said in wonder.
	"Oh, yeah, that's what's in all those henti books he reads."
	"Really? Hey, people on earth don't have pointy ears." Mihoshi said, she was getting 
wise to Kiyone. But just then Kiyone blurted out.
	"Ther're prosthetic of course, but he wishes they were real." Kiyone's smile grew wider. 
She knew she had her.
	"Okay, let's get our money!" Mihoshi stood up and headed out the door.
	"This is for all the torment you've given me. This time you can actually work for the 
rent." Kiyone said under her breath.
	"What was that, Kiyone?" Mihoshi questioned.
	"Nothing, I just hope this works."

	Kazumi finally entered Earth's orbit. He had Janetra cloak herself from all the 
monitoring equipment, and transported himself onto the front steps of the Misaki house. He could
see that everyone was inside. Kazumi had changed his out fit to something more commonly worn on 
Earth, a shirt and jeans. "They must be having a party just the living room light is on, and 
one of the bedroom lights." he thought. "What's going on in here?" Kazumi said. Everyone stopped
what they were doing. They all had glasses of Sake in their hands.
	"Hey, you finally made it, what took you so long?" Asked Kiyone.
	"Just the usual." Everyone began to laugh.
	"You mean the unusual. Aha ha ha!" Said Tenchi.
	"Hey it's what I do, it's like a job, somebodies got to do it."
	"Hey, what's up with the clothes?" Asked Ryoko, pounding down another Sake bottle.
	"I just felt like it, you know, "When in Rome"." Kazumi began to sit down on the couch.
	"Yeah, your other outfit was very, how can I say this," Kiyone started to think. 
	"Showy." Said Ryoko with a cold stare.
	"That's the word." Said Kiyone.
	"Hey Tenchi, let me show you what I have hiding under my shirt." Ryoko said.
	"What!?" Said Tenchi.
	"Get your hands off my Tenchi, right now." Aeka said.
	"*YOUR* Tenchi!?" Ryoko yelled in great anger.
	"Tenchi has professed his love for me, on Kazumi's ship." Said Aeka. Ryoko stepped back.
	"What? Is that true, Tenchi?" Ryoko couldn't believe her ears. Tenchi nodded his head. 
	"Then I guess I'll..." Ryoko couldn't finish her sentence, and vanished through the wall.
	"Hey, Ryoko!" Said Tenchi.
	"Let her be, I'm sure she'll be okay." Said Yosho. Yosho then left the house, after 
Ryoko.

	He looked for her everywhere, but found her at the shrine sitting on the offering box.

	"You know that is disrespectful, Ryoko." Said Yosho.
	"I could care less right now." Said Ryoko in a shollow voice.
	"I'm supposed to punish those I catch doing that."
	"That's great."
	"I usually wack them with bamboo sticks."
	"Maybe that will take my mind off losing Tenchi." Yosho pulled out his bokken and swung 
at Ryoko, but stopped his swing a few millimeters in front of her face. She didn't flinch.
	"Hmmm. This is very serious. You won't kill yourself over this, will you?" Said Yosho in
alarm. An eyebrow raised on Ryoko's face.
	"Maybe."
	"Killing yourself will not bring you honor in this situation." Kazumi came up the steps
when Yosho said that.
	"What's going on here? Ryoko are you okay?" Kazumi said.
	"First you, now Tenchi. I will never find anyone to love me." Ryoko began to cry.
	"I didn't leave you, you left me, remember?"
	"Eh, what's the difference, we're not together, Tenchi and I are not together. There is 
no one for me."
	"Maybe it was never meant to be, Ryoko. You can't always get what you want."
	"I could of had Tenchi, if I wanted."
	"Do you think you're the only one who has loved and lost? I can tell you all about loving
and losing." Kazumi paused, "Yeah, you wanted him, you tried to get him, but he chose Aeka. It 
is his destiny for him to become the Emperor of Jurai."
	"I don't care about destiny."
	"Speaking of destiny, where do you think your life is going to lead you." Said Kazumi to 
Ryoko.
	"I don't know, now." Said Ryoko.
	"I know that Yosho was looking for a new student to help out here at the shrine, you 
could *do* that? You can live here at the shrine, instead of the house."
	"I was, was I?" Said Yosho.
	"I don't want to become some priestest."
	"No, I'm not saying you should do that, but just help clean the place up, get away from 
the others, and find out what you want to do." Ryoko then looked at Kazumi, then Yosho.
	"I'll think about it." Ryoko then left.
	"I never mentioned that to you." Said Yosho.
	"I know, I just need her here for a while longer. This way, maybe she'll stay, and become
motivated."
	"Motivated for what?"
	"The day Tenchi and Aeka get married will not be a good day. Ryoko will have to be apart 
of that event."
	"What part does she play?"
	Kazumi looked up at the stars, "The hero..."

	It was morning. Kazumi was on the couch. Kiyone was at left left, and Mihoshi was on his
right. He waited for them to get up. Mihoshi then looked at me.
	
	"Hey, how did I get here?" Said Mihoshi.
	"Yeah, how did you get here?" Said Kiyone.
	"I was in Nobuyuki's room and, well, uh, I was, uh, nevermind."
Kyone nodded to Mihoshi, "Then I went to sleep, and woke up here." Mihoshi pretended to stretch 
and gave Kiyone a thumbs up.
	"I think you were sleep walking, Mihoshi." Kazumi said.
	"I guess so, well, bye." Mihoshi then got up, and was completely naked. Kiyone then 
covered my eyes. Mihoshi then left the room after finding a robe.
	"Hey, where are... oh, hell." Said Kiyone.
	"Kiyone, I've noticed you're using an excessive amount of colorful metaphores lately. Is 
there any reason?" Kazumi said.
	"I guess I'm alittle frustrated. I almost go away from her, again, and I thought I had 
done it..."
	"Again?" Kazumi raised an eyebrow.
	"About three or four months ago, Washu built a machine, and it broke, sending us all to 
alternate universes. We were trasported to one where I had ran away from Mihoshi, and I got a 
Job. I was happy for awhile, until Mihoshi found me. Then it was all over."
	"See? I told you. No one ever listens to me." Kazumi sighed and laid back on the couch.
	"I'm hungry, let's go into the kitchen." 
	"I don't think anyone's in there, they all probably have hangovers."
	Kiyone then got up and walked into the kitchen. "Oh, Sasami, your here too?" Kiyone 
then prepaired herself a small meal. "I came back last night when all of you were sleeping. 
Azaka and Kamidake are here too." Sasami said. Kazumi looked out the window and saw Ryoko 
hovering next to a tree near the house. "I'll be there in a second." Kazumi said to Kiyone.
	"Alright." Kiyone said.

	Kazumi teleported to Ryoko's position. "Hi Ryoko. Are you okay?" Kazumi said. They were 
both hovering in the air.
	"I am now. I've decided to take your advise and stay at the shrine, until I get my head 
clear."
	"That's good to hear."
	"I moved in last night."
	"Getting an early start, eh."
	"I guess so, where are Tenchi and Aeka?"
	Kazumi looked through the house, "Still in bed." Kazumi said without trying to express a 
feeling.
	"Oh, I guess I'll tell them later."
	"So, your not mad at them anymore?"
	"No, not anymore. Yosho had taught me some ways to calm myself. I feel better than I've 
ever felt in years."
	"That is good to hear. Well, I've got to go. Sasami came back with Azaka and Kamidake 
last night, and she's making breakfast right now. I told Kiyone I would be there. So, I'll see 
you later then."
	"Yeah, bye." Ryoko then left for the shrine.

	Kazumi teleported himself to the kitchen.

	"Oh," Azaka and Kamidake bowed in my pressance, "Welcome my lord." They said together.
	"Hey, don't do that, it makes me feel wierd." Kazumi said.
	"We are sorry...." Said The Guardians.
	"Kazumi." Kazumi said.
	"...Kazumi."
	"So what's for breakfast?" Kazumi said.
	"Scrambled eggs, bread, hashbrowns, and Sake." Said Sasami.
	"Are all of you alcoholics, or what?"
	"The Sake isn't for us, it is going to the Shrine."
	"Oh, sorry Sasami."
	"No problem."
	"So Lord...Kazumi, what are you going to do now?" Said Azaka.
	"I'm going to do what I've been doing for 5 billion years. Wonder the Galaxy, making 
things right."
	"I hope you don't have to leave, soon." Kiyone said.
	"No, I don't have to leave for awhile."
	"Where's Mihoshi?" Said Sasami, "She was here wasn't she?"
	"We saw her this morning. Has Mr. Masaki left for work yet?" Said Kiyone.
	"No, not yet." Said Sasami.
	"Okay, we know where she is."
	"Well, tell her breakfast is done."
	"Let's go Kazumi."
	"Okay, I think I've missed something." Kazumi said.
	"Don't worry about it." Said Kiyone.

	They snuck around the second story of the house. There was Tenchi's room to the right, 
and Nobuyuki's room to the left.

	"I just had a bad idea." Kazumi said.
	"What?" Said Kiyone.
	"How about I get some marching bands to run through their room."
	"That's mean, but I think that's over the edge. Why don't we just pound on their doors 
real hard."
	"Fine, but I still like my idea better."

	Kazumi proceeded to Tenchi's room, while Kiyone went to Nobuyuki's room. He raised his 
fist and began pounding on Tenchi's door.

	"Hey! Open up in their! Breakfast is ready! Tenchi don't you have school?!" Kazumi 
yelled through the door.
	
	Tenchi crashed through the door, he was going to be late for school. Kiyone also began 
to pound on Nobuyuki's door.

	"Oh, Mr. Masaki? Open the damn door! You have three seconds to comply, or I'll have to 
use force....three.....two...." Said Kiyone, then the door opened.
	"Hi, Kiyone. Uh...I called in sick. I'll be in my room all day, okay? Make Tenchi go to 
school, and maybe all of you could leave too, I might have something contageous." Said Nobuyuki.
	"Yeah, it's contageous alright, I bet Tenchi just got it last night, too." Kiyone 
wispered.
	"What was that?"
	"Nothing, yeah I guess we can find something to do. I hope you feel better. Bye." Kiyone
was leaving when she heard Mihoshi in Nobuyuki's room, talking.

	Aeka then walked out of Tenchi's room. She then looked at Kazumi.
	
	"You know that is not the proper behavior for waking The Emperor and Empress." Aeka said.
	"Oh, have we set a date?" Kazumi said. Aeka just smiled as she walked down the stairs. 
Kiyone then walked over to me.
	"Tenchi's dad is staying home. He told me he was sick, and wants us all to leave so we 
don't catch what he has. Mihoshi's in there with him. So, you know." Kiyone said.
	"Yeah, I know. Oh, well. If that's what Mr. Masaki wants, then that's what he'll get." 
Kazumi shrugged.
	"What will we do?"
	"We'll eat breakfast, then....well, we can go cruise the universe or something."
	"That sounds like a plan."
	
	So, there it is. Everyone is pretty much happy at this point, except Ryoko, but her day 
will come. For the next few months everything was quiet. Tenchi and Aeka were going to get 
married soon, Ryoko had decided to become Yosho's apprentice. Mihoshi and Nobuyuki were seeing 
each other. Kiyone was actually by herself more often, because Mihoshi moved in with Nobuyuki. 
Kiyone, also, found out that she was bored without Mihoshi, and tried to spend every minute she 
could with her. She moved into Ryoko's old room, because Kiyone was working so much, just to pay 
the rent for their old appartment.



 

	I hope you liked these stories. I would love to get some feedback. My next Fan Fic will 
be called "Cosmic Dreams, The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Weddings, Funnerals, Futures, and 
Revenge.". I'll be busy, so take another few hundred looks around my web pages, and don't forget 
to sleep, either, there has got to be more in life than reading fan fics.