Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 1: The Adoption	

	It was three months after the defeat of Kagato. Turmoil had arose on Jurai. A few 
members of the Royal Family had grouped together to proclaim a new emperor, as word came out 
about Aeka going to get married to an Earthling. Although Tenchi was quarter Juraian, he was 
three quarters Earthling. Racism had taken over a small amount of members of the Royal Family, 
and a small amount of the people of Jurai. This news had no affect on Aeka's choice, though, and
the wedding would commence, but others were plotting. The story begins on Earth, in Tenchi's 
house.

	The day was calm. The hills were green with trees and bushes, it was Spring. On the hill
behind behind Tenchi's house was the shrine. There were some figures moving around the court 
yard of the shrine. It was Tenchi, Ryoko, and Yosho. Yosho was teaching his sword techniques to 
both Tenchi, and Ryoko. In Tenchi's house, Kiyone was cleaning the house in a nightshirt. The 
shirt was cyan, it went down to the middle of her thighs. Kiyone's long, black hair was in a 
ponytail. She was thinking about a question she wanted to ask Kazumi. Kazumi was standing next 
to the window in the kitchen, thinking about her.

	"Kazumi? Can I talk to you?" Asked Kiyone.
	"Sure Kiyone." Kazumi said.
	"Are you doing anything today?"
	"Yes, I've got to leave for awhile. Why?"
	"Just wondering."
	"Okay," he was still looking out the window, "Is there something else you want to ask 
me?"
	"Uh, nothing."
	"Is that so?"
	"Yes, that's so."
	"Okay then. Are you going to the adoption later?" 
	"Yep, I wouldn't miss it."

	Kiyone continued with her cleaning. Kazumi grabbed a mop and helped. Outside at the 
shrine, Ryoko was practicing with Tenchi.

	"Keep your sword up Tenchi." Said Yosho, Tenchi's grandfather. Tenchi was still leaving 
himself open, but Ryoko was to shy to take advantage of it. Yosho then grabbed Ryoko's bokken,
and set up his position, "Attack me now, Tenchi." Tenchi then attacked Yosho, still leaving his
sword down. Yosho, trying to teach Tenchi a lesson, took advantage of his position and nailed 
Tenchi hard in the head.
	"Hey, why so hard?" Tenchi wined while scratching his head.
	"So you'll remember it." Said Yosho. Tenchi still scratching his head, set his position
to attack again.

	Well, after half an hour, Kazumi and Kiyone finished cleaning the house. They put all 
the cleaning utenciles, and headed to the shrine. Kazumi opened the front door for Kiyone. "Thank
you, sir." Kiyone said to Kazumi in a country accent. "It was my pleasure, ma'am." Rebutted 
Kazumi in the same accent. They walked next to each other, not saying a word.

	After a few minutes, they had arrived at the shrine steps. "I wish there was an 
escalator to the shrine." Kiyone said. They walked up the steps. At the top of the stairs, they 
could see everyone around the front of the shrine.
	
	"Hey you two, there you are." Said Mihoshi.
	"We had to finish cleaning the house." Kazumi said.
	"I can't beleive Yosho is adopting Ryoko." Said Nobuyuki.
	"Yeah, really, what is he trying to do?" Said Kiyone.
	"Yosho asked Ryoko to take over the shrine when he left, and to do that, Ryoko had to 
either become Yosho's wife, or daughter." Said Washu.
	"So, are they ready to get started?" Kazumi said.
	"Right now." Said Tenchi. Ryoko and Yosho came out of the shrine, dressed in religious
type robes. They came out with a very thick book, wrapped in leather. Yosho set it the on a 
podium.

	"Would all the witnesses please sign the book." Yosho said. Everyone made a single file 
line. Kazumi was the last one to sign the book. he looked in the book, the pages were about 300 
years old, on the page they signed, there was writting on it that talked about the adoption and 
succession of maintainership of the shrine. He stepped back next to Kiyone, and Yosho began to 
speak.

	"We have gathered today to welcome a new member to the Masaki family, and the next owner
of the shrine. The Masaki have maintained this shrine for more than 300 years, and the tradition
will live on for another." Yosho turned to Ryoko, "Do you, Ryoko, wish to take the name Masaki as
your last, and to inherit the responsibilities that go with it?"
	"I do." Said Ryoko.
	"Then from this day forward, you will be known as Ryoko Masaki, and the inheritor of 
this land." Yosho then signed his name in the book, then handed it to Ryoko, and she signed it. 
Everyone began to clap.
	"Let's go back to the house and celebrate." Said Nobuyuki.
	"Sasami can make a big dinner for all of us tonight, too. Right Sasami?" Aeka said.
	"I would love too." Said Sasami. Tenchi had begun talking with Ryoko.
	"So your my aunt now, huh." Said Tenchi.
	"That's right, and you better obey my every word." Said Ryoko. Tenchi took a hard 
swollow. "I'm just kidding, Tenchi. Geez, you take everything so litteraly." Ryoko then began to
laugh, and walked away. Mihoshi and Nobuyuki walked over to Kazumi and Kiyone.
	
	"So, what were you kids up to this morning?" Said Nobuyuki.
	"Nothing, just cleaning house." Kazumi said.
	"Really? Nothing else?" Said Mihoshi. "Let's go somewhere and talk." She grabbed Kiyone 
and left to the other end of the shrine.
	"So, you two cleaned the house, eh? Well, that must have been boring, oh, well. I 
proposed to Mihoshi last night." Said Nobuyuki.
	"Really? Congradulations." Kazumi said.
	"Yeah, we just really hit it off that night when she came back."
	"It sounds like you kids are having fun, from what Kiyone says."
	"Kids? Oh, yeah, your a lot older than all of us, I'm sorry for calling you a kid 
earlier."
	"That's alright, I look a lot younger than you."
	"A lot?"
	"Okay, maybe fifteen years younger."
	"That's more like it; now, lets get back to the house and get something to eat." 

	