Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 2: The Rival

	On The planet of Jurai, a meeting was being assembled. All the members of the Juraian 
Royal Family were there. A small group had come out saying they had the next Emperor of Jurai. 
The man they were talking about was named Ma-Kier. He had his hair in a ponytail, and the sides 
of his head was shaved. Ma-Kier wore a traditional Royal uniform. He was quiet as he walked 
into the large room where the meeting was being held. After a few minutes the room was filled, 
except Aeka's seat, she was on Earth. A man stood up among the crowd, Ma-Kier's father and 
Yosho's younger brother, To-Binus.

	"My fellow Juraians, our First Princess is going to make a mistake. She is planning on
marrying an Earthling by the end of Startica. Yes, this Earthboy is the decendant of the great 
Yosho, my brother, but Tenchi is only a quarter Juraian. This boy has only set foot on Jurai 
once, three months ago, and has not returned since to even learn about his heritage. The man 
next to me is full Juraian, his name is Ma-Kier, the only male, other than Tenchi, that is able 
to marry Aeka. So, the choice is clear, Aeka must marry Ma-Kier, and invalidate Tenchi as the 
successor to the throne, to keep the purity of the Royal Family." Said To-Binus. 
	"Thank you To-Binus," Said the Chairman, "Are there any arguments against Ma-Kier?" He 
looked around the large room. No one was standing. "If that is so, then the panel will vote on
the validity of Ma-Kier's claim to the throne." Just then the two large entrance doors opened. A
voice called out. "I have an argument."
	"Kazumi, what are you doing here? We thought you where on Earth?" Said the Chairman.
	"I am on Earth, but I am here, too." Said Kazumi. "I have looked into the soul of 
Ma-Kier. He is not Emperor material. Yes he is the only male closely related to Aeka, and full 
Juraian, but Tenchi is the grandson of the legendary hero, Yosho. Yosho would have been Emperor 
now, if he hadn't left, so the logical successor would be Tenchi. Members of the panel, don't 
invalidate Tenchi's right to the throne, he has a right to that throne. What I suggest, is a 
duel between Tenchi and Ma-Kier, the sacred scrolls demand a duel between successors of equal 
status. I now leave this matter to the panel."
	"Very well, thank you for your argument, Kazumi." The Chairman then looked at the 
people. "The words of Kazumi are true. The sacred scrolls demand such an event. An official 
messanger of the Royal Family will bring this news to the Princess Aeka, and Prince Tenchi. 
After Prince Tenchi accepts, a date will be decided. This meeting is ajourned." The panel then 
dispersed.

	Back on Earth, the Masaki family and friends were assembled at the dinner table. Sasami
prepared dinner, containing pork, various types of rice, and sake. They had a reason to 
celebrate that night, the adoption of Ryoko.

	"We have a lot to celebrate tonight, the adoption of my new sister in law, and Tenchi's 
new aunt in law, Ryoko." Said Nobuyuki raising his glass.
	"Here, here." Said Tenchi, and everyone raised their glasses.
	"Okay, let's eat." Said Ryoko.
	"Boneappitite." Everyone said. They began to dive into their food, when Kazumi began to 
stare outside.
	"What's wrong, Kazumi?" Said Kiyone.
	"A messanger is coming from Jurai with a challenge for Tenchi." Said Kazumi.
	"A challenge? What kind of challenge?" Said Tenchi.
	"A duel."
	"A duel!?" Said Aeka, "Is there someone challenging Tenchi for the position of Emperor?"
	"Yes, a man named Ma-Kier. He is quite a good swordsman. He is the son of To-Binus, 
Yosho's brother."
	"To-Binus..." Said Yosho.
	"The messanger will be here tomarrow." Everyone looked at each other. Then began to 
slowly eat their food.
	"How do these duels end?" Asked Tenchi, breaking the silence.
	"Death..." Said Aeka. She then began to cry. Tenchi held her close.
	"Don't worry Aeka, I'll win, I have to..."

	That night Aeka and Tenchi made love, Nobuyuki and Mihoshi just stared at the ceiling, 
Ryoko also stared at the ceiling of her room, Yosho was outside looking at the stars, Sasami 
was sleeping with Ryo-Ohki, Azaka and Kamidake were guarding the house, and Kiyone and Kazumi 
were watching TV in the livingroom.

	"Can Tenchi defeat Ma-Kier?" Said Kiyone.
	"They are evenly matched in swordsmanship, but it will come down to who can use the power
of Jurai, better." Said Kazumi.
	"So, how does Tenchi match up?"
	"He's...going to have to work on it." They both began to stare at the TV once more.

	That next morning Kazumi went to the Shrine. Yosho had stayed out all night.
	
	"Yosho, what are you still doing here, you'll get sick." Said Kazumi.
	"It is almost time." Said Yosho.
	"Time for what?"
	"I can feel Death himself inching ever so closely to me."
	"Death? You think your dying?"
	"I know I am." Kazumi gave Yosho a strange look.
	"You haven't seen your brother in quite a few years."
	"Yes... last time I saw him, we did not have a very pleasant conversation."
	"What happened?"
	"I killed him." Yosho began to stare at the sky in confusement. So did Kazumi.
	"If he's dead, then how come he's alive on Jurai?"
	"Maybe he didn't die?" There was a long silence, then Kazumi said, "We need to start 
training Tenchi on his abilities to use the powers of Jurai."
	"How will we get those powers here on Earth?"
	"I can channel the power from Jurai to Earth easily. There is an ancient technique that 
he must learn in order to defeat Ma-Kier."
	"What would that be?"
	"The legendary Wings of the Light Hawk."
	"Wings of the Light Hawk? I was studiing about that before I left Jurai, I found a bunch 
of dusty books on the history of Jurai, your name was mentioned, but I've forgotten what I 
learned."
	"I know how to use them."
	"Them?"
	"I am able to produce an infindecimal amount of them, but no mortal has ever produced 
more than one, but even one could help Tenchi defeat Ma-Kier."
	"We should start today, I am feeling a little weak today, so could you instruct Tenchi 
for me?"
	"Alright, I'll do that. I have to show him how to use the Wings of the Light Hawk 
anyway."