Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 3: The Practice

	A small Juraian ship arrived in front of the Masaki household. Kazumi was in the front
yard waiting for the messanger. Tenchi came out of the house hearing the load noise. The 
messanger came out of the ship.

	"Is Lady Aeka here?" Said the messenger.
	"I'm right here!" Yelled Aeka while running through the gates.

	The messenger had the official papers for the duel in his hand. He unrolled it and 
presented it to Tenchi to look over. Tenchi and Aeka read every word.

	"Do you accept Lord Tenchi?" Said the messanger.
	"I accept. I must, I will not lose Aeka to some other man who thinks he can beat me in 
a duel." Said Tenchi. The messanger pulled out a pen and handed it to Tenchi. Tenchi then signed
the paper. 

	"Then it is done, the council will arrange a time when I arrive on Jurai. Have a pleasant
day my Lord Tenchi and Lady Aeka, and to you too, Kazumi." Said the messanger.
	"Yeah, see you around." Said Kazumi. The messanger got into his spaceship and left. "Now 
that that's done, we'll begin practice tomarrow, Tenchi."
 	
	                           **************************

	"C'mon Tenchi, concentrate." Said Kazumi.
	"Are you sure I don't need the sword?" Said Tenchi.
	"That sword is only a key, those keys are the reason the Juraians forgot about the Light 
Hawk Wings."
	"Well, It's easier with the sword."
	"The sword doesn't produce the Light Hawk Wings, that can only be done by an individual
who is one with himself and the power of Jurai."
	"I don't feel too one with myself."
	"But you are, your grandfather helped you do that along time ago, it is being one with 
Tsunami that you need to work on. You did it once, you just need to remember that feeling."
	"I don't want to remember that time, I had nightmares about that day for months."
	"Then you will never be ready. You must overcome that fear, because that kind of fear, 
fear of your past, can hurt you in the future."
	"I quess so, but it's hard, I was scared, I died and came back. I don't think it's the 
past I'm scared about, it's death, the future."
	"You're scared of all these things, and it is acceptable, for now; but soon you will 
have to be confident in yourself, and challenge death, head on. Only until you do that, will 
you win."
	
	Tenchi began to search his mind of the events. The torture could be seen in his face as
he recollected about the events of three months ago. He could see Kagato's devilish face 
speeding towards him. The fear began to soar up through Tenchi's spine. Not being able to finish 
the thought, Tenchi opened his eyes as fast as he could.

	"Until you can beat the fear and trama that Kagato left in your soul, you will not be 
able to use the Wings of the Light Hawk." Said Kazumi.
	"I will try." Said Tenchi.
	"Try to focus on the anger you felt when he attacked Aeka. That will be your homework, 
class dismissed." Kazumi walked toward the shrine. Tenchi walked toward the house. Kazumi 
entered the shrine. Yosho was drinking some tea while Ryoko was meditating. Kazumi then began to 
read Ryoko's mind.

	"You're thinking pretty hard, Ryoko." Said Kazumi.
	"I am scared for Tenchi. He has to overcome so much. There is so much fear in Tenchi that
I can even feel it." Said Ryoko.
	"He can do it, it'll be hard for him, but maybe you can help; I can't ask Aeka, because 
she feels the same way about those events. I need your help, you love him, and he loves you, too.
So could you help Tenchi with this problem?"
	"I guess I could."
	"Superb, I'll be at the dojo in town if you need me." Kazumi then left the shrine.
	"He doesn't ask people to do things if he thinks they can do it, he asks them because he
knows they can. So, don't doubt yourself." Said Yosho. Yosho then began to pour another cup of 
tea for Ryoko. While doing that, Yosho began coughing, spilling some tea on the floor.
	
	"Are you alright, Yosho?" Said Ryoko with great concern.
	"Nothing for you to worry about." Said Yosho.

	That night Tenchi began dreaming of the day the messanger came with the challenge for 
him. He opened the front door to his house and stepped outside. He saw Kazumi and the messanger 
waiting for him. Aeka came running from the lake. Tenchi then walked up to the messanger. The 
messanger handed him the papers to read and sign. Kazumi then began to speak.

	"Don't sign that Tenchi, you'll lose, because you fear death." Said Kazumi. Tenchi was
confused, because that's not what he said. "Don't sign it Tenchi, you'll just lose again." Said 
Aeka. Now Tenchi was really feeling weird. Just then he saw the messenger turn into Kagato, 
death was standing behind him. Tenchi stepped back and reached for his sword, but it wasn't 
there. "Use the Light Hawk Wings!" Kazumi yelled as his power was sucked away by Kagato. "What 
the hell is going on here?!" Tenchi Yelled. "It's all over now, boy," Kagato said, "I will haunt 
you for eternity." Kagato then threw a lightning bold that blew Aeka to pieces. Her body parts 
were everywhere. The horror could be seen on everyones face. From nowhere, everyone had arrived,
but they were not moving. They just stood next to the gate with thier mouths open. Kagato then 
ripped through all of them. "Now for you boy, I wouldn't want you to live with the fear of 
living alone for the rest of your life." Kagato said. "YOU BASTARD!!" Tenchi yelled. Kagato then
lept at Tenchi and swung his sword. Tenchi was shocked. the sword had not hit him, but an energy 
shield. "The Wings of the Light Hawk." Said Kazumi just before he died. "This cannot be." Kagato 
said with horror. Tenchi then put his hands together and made the Light Hawk sword. Tenchi 
charged Kagato, and swung, but nothing happened. "Ha ha ha haha. You have no power, boy." Kagato 
said as he swung at Tenchi. Tenchi then woke up breathing heavily.

	"What's wrong Tenchi?" Said Aeka waking up because of Tenchi's loud breathing.
	"I did it, but it didn't work." Tenchi said to himself ignoring Aeka.
	"You did what?"
	"I did it, the Wings of the Light Hawk, but I couldn't kill him." Tenchi then left the 
room and sat on the roof for the rest of the night.
	"Tenchi?"

	The next morning Kazumi walked up to Tenchi's house and saw Tenchi sitting on the roof 
looking at the mountains.

	"Hey, what are you doing up there, Tenchi?" Said Kazumi.
	"I did it, but I couldn't kill him." Tenchi mumbled. Kazumi heard it, and teleproted 
next to Tenchi.
	"You made the Light Hawk Wings in your dream, but couldn't kill your enemy?"
	"Yes, I was dreaming of Kagato, he killed everyone, even you. I made the Light Hawk 
Sword, but it didn't even scratch him."
	"I see. You must keep in mind that Kagato was no more powerful than you, and it was only 
a dream, but I'm glad you where able to face him in your dream. It is a great accomplishment. I 
want you to see Ryoko today, she is going to help you face your fears."
	"Okay." Tenchi said. Kazumi then left. Tenchi watched the sun rise, and walked toward 
the shrine.

	Tenchi stood before the shrine, he wondered what Ryoko could do that would help him. 
Inside, Tenchi found Ryoko, sitting in the middle of the room, waiting for him. Yosho then left 
to clean the shrine. Tenchi watched his grandfather as he left, then Tenchi sat down in front of
Ryoko.

	"Man, granpa's been avoiding us lately, you wouldn't know why?" Tenchi said.
	"I don't know why either, I'll ask him what's wrong and he says nothing." Said Ryoko
	"It's probably the duel."
	"Maybe. Now let's get to business. Close your eyes, and think of nothing but my voice."
Tenchi closed his eyes and waited for Ryoko's instructions. "Now relax yourself," Ryoko watched 
Tenchi as he began to fall asleep, "Now Tenchi, can you here me?"
	"Yes." Tenchi aswered.
	"I want you to remember the fight you had with Kagato."
	"I am entering the throne room. I see a large stairway, I can see Kagato and Aeka on top.
Kagato is now talking to me."
	"What's he saying, Tenchi?"
	"He's saying that his plan is working perfectly, that our selfeshless actions are going 
to make him the most powerful man in the universe. I can't let him live, and I must save Aeka. 
He's going down the stairs. I pulled out grandpa's sword. Now he's saying that challenging him 
is not wise, but I don't care if it is not wise, it's what I have to do. He's pulling out his 
sword, it's a large sword, like Kazumi's, but the blade is red and black. He's telling me to 
start my attack. I'm running at him, uhh...he hit me with some energy ball. I can hear Aeka 
yelling at Kagato, He was hit by some energy ball Aeka made. Kagato is calling Aeka pethetic, 
he's raising his hand, he's saying she is going to die. I need to get up, no, don't Kagato, he 
hit her with an energy blast, Aeka is screaming my name. She's dead, he killed her, I'm going to 
kill you Kagato! He's turning around, I can feel something in my body, an enormous amount of 
energy. I feel the power of Tsunami giving me strength." Tenchi began to float off the floor. 
Ryoko knew she succeded.

	"Tenchi, wake up now!" Ryoko said excitedly. Tenchi's eyes opened, and he looked down at
the floor. He could feel the power of Tsunami in him, he was able to remember. Then Tenchi droped
to the floor.
	"Oww, I won't be sitting down for awhile." Said Tenchi.
	"You've done it, Tenchi."
	"I wonder..." Tenchi put his hands together, and a light beam grew from them. Then a 
sword appeared. "Hey, I did it! Who needs that crummy key." Tenchi then ran out the shrine with 
the sword up in the air. He was running around the courtyard like a chicken. "I wonder what else
I can do?" Tenchi threw the sword up in the air and it turned into a beam of light and 
disapeared into the atmosphere. "This is cool."
	"Good Job, Tenchi." Ryoko said to herself smiling.