Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 4: The Patrol

	The messenger had arrived from Earth, with the papers Tenchi signed agreeing to the duel
with Ma-Kier. The messenger entered the Chairman of the Great Council of Jurai's office.

	"Prince Tenchi has agreed to fight Ma-Kier for succession to the throne." Said the 
messenger.
	"He has, has he?" The chairman looked over the document, "it's all in order, let's call 
a meeting."

	Members of the Royal family had begun to gather in the Great Hall. In just a few moments
all the seats were taken, some people had to stand, amoung them was Kazumi. Dozens of 
conversations filled the room. The Chairman then stepped into his chair.

	"Come to order now, order." The Chairman said, the people began to hush. "Prince Tenchi 
has signed the document stating that he and Ma-Kier will duel for the throne of Jurai. All I 
need now is Ma-Kier's signature. Is Ma-Kier in the building?"
	"I am here." Ma-Kier then stood up amoung his immediate family. "I am prepared to do 
battle with the earth-boy." Ma-kier then stepped down the stairs to the table the document was 
resting on, and signed it.
	"Well, then. It looks like we have ourselves a duel." Said To-Binus. Then some members 
of the Royal Family began to clap for Ma-Kier. Kazumi looked around the room, seeing that most
of the Royal Family might me against Tenchi.
	"This might not be good." Said Kazumi to himself, and vanished.
	"Hey, where's he gone to?" Someone said.
	"I don't know, but that little trick he did could help me out when I don't want to 
talked to my wife... clean up all of these Sake bottles, then voosh I'm outta there." Another 
man said.

	It was another bright Summer morning. Kazumi was in the living room looking out the 
window towards the shrine. He could see some movement around the shrine, it looked like Tenchi 
had got up early again and was practicing with Ryoko; Tenchi's grandfather, Yosho, was sweeping
the yard, giving them tips every once in a while.

	"Hey, why are you always looking out the window when I wake up?" Said Kiyone.
	"Sorry, I was just listening to the Coucil meeting on Jurai." Siad Kazumi.
	"What happened?"
	"Ma-Kier signed the agreement."
	"Wow, so it's really going to happen."
	"Yes, they scheduled it on the last day of Stardica, the day before Tenchi and Aeka's 
scheduled wedding."
	"That's a coincidence if I ever heard one."
	"I'm not sure it's a coincidence. I think they want to put some pressure on Tenchi, so
that he might loose, or give up. They definetly don't want him to win."
	"That's dirty."
	"Yes, but it is the coucil's right to make the duel on any day they wish, no matter what 
inconveniences may arise."
	"Does Tenchi really have a chance to win?"
	"It could go either way, I just need Tenchi to focus on the duel, and not the fact it's 
the day before his wedding."

	"Man, I've been waiting for this day all year." Said Tenchi.
	"What day is that?" Said Ryoko.
	"The last day of school, I'm graduating today! Ahahaha!" Tenchi screamed to the heavans.
	"Alright... uh, Tenchi what do you get in this graduation?
	"My diploma."
	"D-di-diploma? What is that, like money or something?"
	"No, it's a piece of paper with my name on it saying that I completed my schooling."
	"You went to school all of your childhood so you could get a piece of paper with your 
name on it?"
	"Yep."
	"Hell, that's a waiste of time. They should shell out some cash for all of the homework 
they made you do. Crap, I'd go kick some..."
	"Ryoko..." Said Yosho. Ryoko then bowed her head.
	"Well, I'd better get goin', don't want to be late for *MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!*" Tenchi 
then ran off like a rocket to catch his bus.

	Inside Tenchi's house, Mihoshi was helping Sasami clean and put away the dishes they 
used for breakfast.
	
	"Dum de dum, Tenchi sure got up early this morning." Said Mihoshi.
	"It's Tenchi's last day of school, he's graduating today." Said Sasami.
	"Does that mean he'll be home all day from now on?"
	"For the next few weeks, then We're all going to Jurai for Stardica and the wedding."
	"Don't forget the duel!" Said Washu.
	"Oh, yeah... the duel." Sasami became alittle sad.
	"Don't worry Sasami, Tenchi has the greatest genius in the galaxy at his corner, what 
could go wrong?"
	"Thanks Washu."
	"Alright, that's the spirit. I'll be in my lab running simulations on the duel."
	"Simulations? What for?"
	"Well, I've only heard of the Wings of the Light Hawk, and I have a few theories on how 
it works, and then at the real duel I'm going to find out what theory is correct." Then A and B 
show up.
	"Oh, Washu, you're the best thinker ever!" Said A and B.
	"Thank you, thank you, I must be off now." Washu then left the room. "Oh, Hello Kazumi!"
Washu said with surprise.
	"Good morning, Kazumi." Said Sasami and Mihoshi.
	"Good morning girls." Said Kazumi.
	"Sorry, but you missed breakfast." Said Mihoshi.
	"I know, I need to speak with Aeka."
	"She's upstairs." Said Sasami.
	"Thanks, see you two later," Nobuiyuki then walked into the kitchen to get his briefcase,
"Good morning Nobuiyuki."
	"Good morning Kazumi, I've got to go now, so I can't talk," He then turned to Mihoshi 
and grabbed her, "Are you going into town to meet me for lunch today?"
	"Okay." Said Mihoshi, then they kissed each other, and just when you thought they would 
stop, they kept going.
	"A-hem!" Kazumi said discretely.
	"Ha ha, well I got to go." Then Nobuiyuki ran out the door. 'To think Tenchi's related 
to that man.' thought Kazumi. Kazumi then went up the stairs to Tenchi's room, and knocked on 
the door. "Aeka, can I speak with you?"
	"Yes, please come in." Aeka said through the door. Kazumi opened the door to see that 
Aeka was looking out the window.
	"I was at the Juraian Council meeting, and Ma-Kier accepted the duel."
	"I was hoping that he would back down if Tenchi signed the document; now I've helped him
seal his fate." Aeka began to cry.
	"We don't know if he will lose against Ma-Kier."
	"You know the outcome, don't you?"	
	"I... can't say, it's forbidden to tell mortals their future."
	"I see," Aeka then looked away towards the window, "if I had known the future, I 
wouldn't have let Tenchi sign that curesed paper. We would be half-way across the galaxy by now."
	"Well, that's the fun of not knowing the future, everyday is a suprise depending on 
your past actions. On the other hand, I know what is going to happen every second of every day,
no suprises, I do the things I do for a desired conciquence in the future. Just think if you 
knew exactly what would happen in the future, what would you do? I've never told anyone this, 
but I hate what I am. I hate myself, and my powers. Ever since Janetra died, I wish I never had 
my powers."
	"You shouldn't say that. You've helped so many people with your powers. I couldn't 
emagine having powers like that. Maybe I would change events for a better life for everyone, 
even myself."
	"I wish I could do that. Sometimes I have to watch people I've met, friends, and lovers
die in front of me, just for the future to be set as it already is. I don't think I should 
discuss this with you, knowing the fact that everything is already set; but, you know what, not 
everything is fixed. Most of the choices you make are your choices, and those are the most 
important ones, like Tenchi agreeing to the duel, that was his, and not influenced by me, or 
Ryoko becoming Yosho's daughter, her choice; but sometimes there are choices people have to make
that affect everyone in a severe way, those are the ones that are set by the Galaxy, and eforced 
by me."
	"I guess I'm lucky to not be burdened in the way you are."
	"Probably. Well, I must be off now, important matters await me."
	"Good-bye, Kazumi." Kazumi left the room, "Oh, Tenchi... what will we do?"

	Outside Kazumi looked onto the sky. The clouds overhead began to part, and a Galaxy 
Police spacecraft came down. It landed next to the lake. The door opened and the GP Chief came
out with some other GP officers. Kazumi decided to meet them before they came to Tenchi's house.

	"Good morning, how may I help you?" Said Kazumi.
	"Well, I need to find Kiyone and Mihoshi. I'm here to reinstate them to active service."
Said the Chief. Off in the distance Kiyone was running towards them. Mihoshi was also on her way 
to meet them.
	"Sir, what brings you here?" Said Kiyone.
	"You two are being reinstated, we need more GP officers. So, on the permission given to
me by Section 22 Clause 4b, I hearby reinstate you two to active duty immediately. I would like 
you two to acompany me back to GPHQ, to get your guns, uniforms, and your ship."
	"What ship will we be getting?" Asked Mihoshi.
	"Since you haven't been away for too long, we did not have time to reassign Yagami to 
anyone else, and your familiar with that ship."
	"Alright!" Said Kiyone.
	"Your taking them now?" Said Kazumi.
	"Yes. Hey, aren't you that damned Cosmic whatyoumacallit?" Said the Chief.
	"Cosmic Lord, Kazumi."
	"Yeah, that's right. Well we must be on our way now. Ladies if you'll board the ship, 
please." Kiyone turned to Kazumi.
	"I guess this is good-bye for awhile." Said Kiyone.
	"It won't be too long." Said Kazumi.
	"Oh, now I can't meet Nobuiyuki for lunch. Kazumi, can you call him and tell him what
happend?" Said Mihoshi.
	"Sure, see you girls later." Said Kazumi. Kiyone then walked over to him, and kissed him
on the cheek.
	"Something to remember me." Kiyone said and walked towards the ship. Kazumi was stunned.
	"Oh, yeah. Kazumi, why don't you try and move that ship of your's once in a while before
we give you a citation." Said the Chief as he walked away.
	
	Kazumi watched the ship leave the planet. He then called his ship. "Janetra, escort
the GP Ship to the GPHQ, that should piss that fat bastard off alittle."
	"I sense this is an act of mischievousness towards someone on the ship." Said Janetra.
	"Yes, it is."
	"I am on my way, Janetra out."
	'There's something different about that holographic program. It's acting a lot like the 
real Janetra.' Kazumi thought.