Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 5: The Truth

	Our favorite Cosmic Lord was walking through the forest behind Tenchi's house, when 
a little light on his left arm band was blinking.

	"She sure took her sweet time. Kazumi here." Said the Cosmic Lord.
	"I have returned." Said the voice of his ship, Janetra.
	"Was he upset?" Said Kazumi with a grin.
	"He cursed at me the whole way to Pluto, the Kiyone asked me to turn around. So, I did."
	"Good, then resume your normal orbit..." Kazumi paused, he doubled over in great pain,
then passed out.
	"Kazumi, Kazumi?! Answer me?!" Panicked Janetra. "I'll call Washu to go get him."

	Meanwhile in Washu's Sub-Space labratory, Washu was fideling with one of her inventions.
Then she was alerted by a flashing red light on her computer.

	"Hmm, I wonder what this could be?" Said Washu as she pushed a button. A screen came up
on her left side. Washu could see Janetra's hologram. "What can I do for you, Janetra?"
	"It's Kazumi, I think HE'S hurt or worse." Said a histerical Janetra. Washu thought to
herself about the hologram's reactions, 'This hologram must be really advanced to have emotions,
or...', Washu then got up.
	"Okay, show me where he is and I'll get him." Said Washu. A display of the area was 
shown and a blinking red dot that represented Kazumi could be seen. "Looks like he's north of
Tenchi's house, by that large, old tree. I'm on my way!" Washu ran out the door of the lab,
into the living room, down a small hall, out the front door, down the yard, through the front
gate while wizzing by Azaka and Kamidake, and into the forest behind Tenchi's house. After 
searching carefully for a few moments she found Kazumi, laying face down in some leaves.

	"This boy's too big for me to carry, I'll have to get some help." Then A and B showed 
up. "We'll help Washu!" They said simultaniously.
	"No, you dingbats, you're too small to help. I got it! I'll create a worm hole that 
ends on my lab table, no thats too violent. Okay, I could use Mecha Washu!!"
	"Uh, aren't you having problems with it?" Said A and B.
	"I was. I started from scratch, again, and now she's remote controlled!"
	"Oh, boy." They A and B said sarcastically.
	"What did you two say!" Said Washu in anger.
	"Nothing, nothing at all." They said. A worm hole opened up and Mecha Washu walked out.
	"Let's see, here it is!" Washu pulled out a remote control. "The Mecha Washu remote
control!"
	"Wow." A and B said in a monotone voice. Mecha Washu picked up Kazumi and carried him
into Washu's lab. "Hey, that went incident free, Washu, you're great!"
	"I know. So, that means something bad should be happening anytime now." Said Washu. Then
the door to the lab opened, and Mihoshi walked in.
	"Hi, Washu!" Said Mihoshi.
	"I knew it. Hi, Mihoshi. Where's Kiyone?" Said Washu.
	"She's still at HQ, I came alone." Mihoshi began to look around, 
then she saw Kazumi unconcious. "What happened to Kazumi?!"
	"Nothing to be alarmed about, yet. I need to run some tests to find out." Just then the 
video screen came up.
	"Is Kazumi okay, Washu?" Said Janetra.
	"I don't know. Give me some time. Man, I don't know where to start."
	"I could help." 
	"Really."
	"I'm going to send down a holo imaging device so that I can assist you in person." A 
large black box materialized in the lab. "Coming now." Janetra then appered in the lab. Washu 
began to think harder about the Janetra hologram, and why it didn't just assist her from the 
ship. Why did it need to be there in person? Washu sat down in a chair next to the table Kazumi
was laying on. Mihoshi stood there and watched, and Janetra began running her hands over Kazumi's
body. Washu began to start pressing buttons very rapidly, and probes of all sorts began scanning 
Kazumi's body.

	"Hmmm, this is interesting." Said Washu.
	"What is it?" Said Mihoshi.
	"All my scans say he's perfectly fine." 
	"Isn't that good?"
	"Perfectly fine for a Juraian." Washu's eyebrows lowered. "You have a lot of explaing to
do, Janetra."


	Meanwhile in Tenchi's room. 

	"Tenchi?" Aeka said while grabbing a tighter hold on Tenchi.
	"What is it Aeka?" Said Tenchi softly.
	"Do we really have to do this? We leave tomarrow, we can still change our minds."
	"No, I must fight Ma-Kier. Kazumi said if I didn't, Juraian soldiers would hunt us down
and take you away, killing the rest of us in the process. I don't want that."
	"I know. I wish I was a regular person, and not some princess." 

	There was a knock at the door. "Tenchi, Aeka, breakfast is ready!" Said Sasami.
	"Thank you Sasami." Tenchi got out of bed. "Let's not talk about this anymore, it has to
be done, and that's that." Tenchi then left the room.
	"Oh, Tenchi..." Said Aeka.

	Back in Washu's Lab.

	"So, that's it, eh?" Said Washu.
	"I don't get it." Said Mihoshi, "That goes against almost everything he's told us."
	"I know. Kazumi never liked his past, so he left some parts out and exaggerated others.
He believes he caused my death, since then he's been very unstable." Said Janetra.
	"Since you died? You're just a hologram of the real Janetra." Said Washu.
	"No, when Janetra was on it's way back here, I, or rather my soul, entered the 
Reconstructive Core of the ship..."
	"Reconstructive Core? What's that?" Washu interupted.
	"It's a device that takes spent atoms and regenerates them to their original form."
	"And you entered it to recreate yourself?"
	"Yes, I was able to get a sample of my remains, and put it into the Core."
	"So, right now, a new body is being created?"
	"Yes, and when it's done, I will enter it."
	"Why?"
	"For reasons that can not be explained now."
	"So, why did you take over the hologram?"
	"To communicate..." Just then they all heard a noise, it was Kazumi waking up.
	"Hey, what am I doing here?" Said Kazumi. He looked around the lab and noticed Janetra 
was there, "What are you doing here?"
	"Well, it seems that you have misteriously lost your powers, and have somehow turned into
a Juraian." Said Washu.
	"So, you know the real me then."
	"Yes, I do."
	"Do you hate me, now?"
	"No, what you did then is the past. I judge people by what they are now, not what they
used to be."	
	"I'm glad to hear that." Kazumi then looked at the floor, "I've tried to atone for my 
past sins, I tried to tell them all that I'm sorry for what I've done, but they never stopped
hating me."
	"You mean the people of Jurai, from back then, right?"
	"Yes, I told them I was sorry, and I'd never come back; but I did. I stepped on the soil
of a land I swore I'd never step on again, and now the spirits of those Juraians are angry, and
will never forgive me for destroying their planet. She's the only one who was never mad at me."
He pointed at Janetra. 