Cosmic Dreams
	The New Dawn: A Story of Love, Marrage, Funnerals, Futures, and Revenge

	All Tenchi Muyo! characters and their likenesses are a copyright of Pioneer. The 
character, Kazumi, the Cosmic Lord, is property of Narcist Comix(Dustin Taylor). Any events or 
characters are fictional, and not based on real life. If anything in this Fan Fiction resembles
your life or someone you know, then that is just coincidential, and maybe a little wierd.

Episode 6: The Confession

	A long time ago, I did something very terrible. I was responsible for the death of 
billions. I started my life as an orphan on a planet called Jurai, on this planet lived two 
civilizations,the Juraians, and the Empire. I was a citizen of the Empire, and more specifically 
I was in their military. In that military, I killed many Juraians, and liked it. I was feared by 
many of my subordinates. They thought I was some sort of sorcerer because I could create an 
energy field around my body, and use it as a weapon. Back then I didn't know what I really was.

	Then one day, all the Juraians dissapered. All their villiages were abandoned. We didn't 
know where they went. For many months after that we combed the lands from sea to sea, and found 
nothing. After our King gave up, we began to build our Empire over the newly won continent. 

	One day a being came from the sky. We tried to kill it, but it was able to destroy all of 
the troops in a single blow. I was the only one left. It then spoke to me.

	"I am Kagato, the Cosmic Lord of this galaxy. I have come to this planet in search of a 
great power. I could feel it all over this galaxy, and now I've found it, and it seems I have 
found it's child, too. This planet, and you, will be mine." He said.
	"I will be noones!" I yelled.
	"Then you will die." He then raised his hand and a great pain grew inside of me. I felt
as if I was going to explode, and then I couldn't take it anymore.
	"I give up, I am yours to command." I said.
	"Good, now, my Adder of Death, you will be given the power to be unequalled in this 
galaxy." He raised his hand and I could feel the power in me, "Now go and clense this planet of
all it's vermin."
	"Yes... master" I was then off to find the rest of the Juraians. I flew all over the 
planet, until I found a tree. This tree was so huge. I could feel it giving off an energy, so
I followed the energy to the West, I was flying over a mountain range when I saw smoke, and
then a village. I found the Juraians, and now I had to destroy them for my master. 

	I landed in the middle of the village, and began to lift my hand, and everyone watched me,
but then I saw a girl, she had blonde hair and blue eyes. I put my hand down, and she walked over
to me.
	"Hi," she said, "I'm Janetra, the princess of the Juraians, I've never seen anyone who 
could fly before."
	"I'm not like everyone." I said.
	"Well, as princess, I would like you to stay in our town for awhile and rest, you look 
tired."
	"I have been traveling for many days, I guess I could stay and rest."
	"Good," She smiled, " You can stay at the Royal castle."
	"Castle?"
	"Yes, it's just north of here." We walked for a few minutes, and then she started to ask
me questions, "So, what's your name?"
	"My name? I was never called by anything other than sir, but I was found in a basket, as 
a baby, and on that basket it said Kazumi."
	"Really?! That sounds familiar. Anyway, where did you come from?"
	"Uh, I'm from another continent."
	"So are we, have you ever heard of the Empire?"
	"Empire? No, never." She then looked at me funny.
	"They are the reason why we are here. We were in a war with them for a long time, and
then we heard a call from far away, and we left to this place, and have never been bothered 
since. It's like some sort of Promised Land."
	"Promised Land?"
	"Yeah, like it was created for us, a safe place of no worries. Oh, we're here."
	"Here? there's nothing here."
	"That's just an illusion." Then a large castle appeared, I was in marvel of it's beauty.
	"It's trumendous." I said.
	"Yes, it was here waiting for us. The Royal Tree Tsunami created all of this for us."
	"Tsunami?" The name sounded familiar. I began to think to myself that this must be the 
great power Kagato had mentioned.
	"I will take you to your room now."
	"Okay, let's go." We walked on countles numbers of stairs, and finally made it to my 
room.
	"Here is your room, mine is just down the hall, if you need anything."
	"Okay. Thank you." I said, I never been this nice to anyone before, I felt something 
special from her and after a few weeks, I felt something special for her.

	One night she knocked on my door.

	"Kazumi, open the door," she wispered, "I have something to show you." I opened the door.
Janetra was there in a very festive looking outfit. "We are having a festival called Startica,
would you like to join me, and go to the festival?" I was stunned, she wanted me to go and do
something with her, no girl has ever wanted to have anything to do with me, but her, even the 
townspeople disliked me. So, I left the castle with Janetra, the people of the village had set 
up tents and games. She and I played the games all night. Then they all stopped what they were
doing and began saying it's time.
	"Time for what, Janetra?" I said.
	"It's time for the fireworks. Let's go to that hill top to get a better view." She 
grabbed my hand and we left the village. On top of the hill was a berry tree, and we sat under 
it. We watched the fireworks, there were so many colors, and some of the fireworks made animals
and people, it was incredible. Then two of the berrys from the tree fell on us, Janetra picked 
them up.
	"The people in the village say that if a boy and a girl eat one of these berrys together
they will be together forever." She gave me one, and I put it up to my lips, and she did the
same, and at the same time we ate the berry. "You know what this means now?"
	"What?" I said.
	"That we will be together forever." She got closer to me, and grabbed my hand, "Kazumi,
from the first time I saw you, I knew I really liked you. Do you like me?" I looked in her eyes,
I could see her sincerity.
	"I do." I said, She then lent over and kissed me on the lips. I was stunned, in all the 
years I could remember, I was never kissed by a girl before, and I was glad. 

	By this time I had forgotten why I was there, and had planned to marry Janetra, until
Kagato came back.

	Janetra came running into our room.
	"Kazumi, someone is killing all the villigers! Stop him!" She screamed. Janetra was in 
tears, I held her tightly.
	"I'll destroy this person." I flew out the window to find it was Kagato blasting
everyone with energy blasts. "Kagato what are you doing?" He then turned around.
	"I'm doing the job I sent you here to do, you're a failier, now die!" He began to throw
energy blasts at me, and I ran away. I didn't know what to do, I could hear the screams of the 
villagers, and then I could hear Janetra yelling my name.
	"Who are you?" Kagato asked Janetra.
	"I'm Janetra, the princess of the Juraians." She said.
	"Well, Janetra, you were." He looked around in his accomplishment. There were piles of 
dead bodies everywhere.
	"You bastard!" Yelled Janetra, and then she threw and energy bolt at Kagato, it hit and 
it looked like it hurt. I ran out there and stood next to her.
	"So, Kazumi, you've picked you side, then I guess you'll die with this rodent." Kagato 
then charged me and grabbed me by the throat, and I started to hit him with my fists, and he
backed off. "I didn't make you that powerful. Interesting; oh, well." He then threw a large 
energy ball at me, it hit me pretty hard, and I fell to the ground, and couldn't get up. Kagato
then turned his attention to Janetra, "Now girl, you will die."
	"No, stay away from her." I yelled.
	"Stay away from me! Help me Kazumi!" Yelled Janetra. 

	Kagato then grabbed her by her neck. I could hear her gasp for air, "Stop it!" I yelled.
I could hear her wisper something with what air she had left in her lungs, it was my name. Then I 
heard Janetra's neck snap.

	"Noooooooooooo!" I yelled. This tremendous power then entered me. I got up and charged
Kagato. He didn't know what hit him. I didn't stop hitting him, then he gained his senses and 
threw me off.
	"Well, boy. This is the end for you." He threw an energy ball at me, and I blocked it.
"What is this, you're not this powerful."
	"I will kill you, Kagato" I held out my hand and a giant energy sword appeared. I thrusted
it into Kagato's chest, "Die, Kagato!" I jammed the sword as hard as I could into him, and killed 
him. I was then lifted into the air, and a voice told me that I was the new Cosmic Lord and the 
power consumed me. I came back to the ground and picked up Janetra's lifeless body, and began to
cry. I created a large cave in a nearby mountain, and made a large stone coffin. I sealed her in
it, and left the story carved on the walls of the tomb.  It's now known as Princess' Tomb. I found
a few survivors and they began to curse me and told me to leave. So, I left.

	I was angry. I could see nothing but red, I wanted to destroy everything. I found a 
planet of cyborgs and began to destroy them, they tried their best to kill me, but it wansn't
good enough. The planet was nothing but dust particles, and then I realized what I have done.
I was devastated. I had destroyed a planet full of people, I was no better than Kagato. I decided
to make a large spaceship out of what was left of the planet, and named it after the woman I lost,
Janetra. 

	I spent the rest of those years after that trying to help people, and now I feel this is
going to be the last time I will ever help anyone ever again. Kiyone, I'm telling all of this 
because.... I love you, and I don't want to keep any secrets from you. I'll see you soon, when 
we pick you up on the way to Jurai.

	"Janetra, end the message, and send it to Detective Kiyone at the Galaxy Police HQ." Said
Kazumi.
	"Yes," Janetra paused, "Do you think she'll still want to see you after she finds out 
you lied to her."
	"I might have lied to her about my past, but I wasn't lieing when I said I loved her."
	"I hope she understands."	
	"Me too. Well, is everyone on board?"
	"Yes, sir." She seluted.
	"Then let's get on our way to Jurai, we have a prophecy to fulfill."

	"When the first princess of Jurai marries an alien, the skies of Jurai will turn red, 
and the rain will be blood, an evil force will then appear. A member of the first generation of 
the Royal Family will be resurrected, the child of Tsunami will fight the evil, and a new dawn 
will arise on the horizon of a new Jurai."
                                                                                    
                           From The New Dawn section of the Sacred book of Lamarus, the Prophet,
                                                        First advisor of the first Royal Family.