This is my personally thought up and carried out story.  It takes my
personal theroies and story ideas and composes them into a series of
stories.  It is very dark and has little humor in comparison to the
actual series.  I have modified characters slightly for the stories
but feel I have them as close to true as I can. 
Also, I have decided to ressurect a minor character from the first TM
movie.  The Galaxy Police Operative A.  Renamed Naotaki for my story,
he is an intricate part of the story and cannot be removed.  I also
introduce more than a dozen new characters within the first story, all
of my own creation.

Circumstantial Evidence
by Ryan Norman (deevra@yahoo.com)


Chapter One
A Conundrum Of Destruction

One Week Ago

	An outpost on the fringe of the BorderZone known by the tedious
registry of "Deep Range Research Station 791 of the Galaxy Police"
floated through the silent orbit it took every (Galactic Standard) 4
days.  Life on the outpost was simplistic and dull.  Its inhabitants
were Assembly scientists and low-level Galaxy Police Officers, working
together to examine, understand and explain the universe around them a
bit better.  It was a repetitious life they would have wished to
continue...

	Commander Chk'Ra, a fur-coated, animal-like life-form known as a
Korvian, sat at his raised observation seat, calmly examining the area
around him.  He watched as the officers under him scrambled about
their daily lives, examining anomalies, directing stellar traffic,
calculating and adjusting the station's numerous sensory equipment.
	[They work hard for me,] Chk'Ra thought to himself, [I'm very proud
of them.]  He attempted a smile through his half-metallic leonine jaws
when a jar of agony ripped through him.  He reached his only uncovered
limb over the cloaked side of his body and took a firm grip on the
blackened stump that was once his right arm.  After a moment, the pain
subsided and he returned his furry paw to the armrest and gripped at
it tightly with four clawed fingers.
	The operatives around him did not take notice of this unfortunate
occurrence; nor did they the dozen times a day it happened.  Every one
of them sorrowfully grieved for the fate that placed their elegant and
proud Commander at the Galaxy Police's Main Head-Quarters that day
when the energy life-form known as KAIN attacked and sent the
inhabitants hurtling through space and time.
	Their Commander was found four days after that viscous attack, a
blackened half-corpse laying across a sandy beach with a drained
location beacon on an unnamed planet in the Doshtor region.  His right
arm was gone and the left side of his face was irretrievably damaged. 
His right leg was also badly mangled, although not as bad as the arm
or face.  His right hand clutched an energy rifle which had been
completely emptied on some unseen opponent.
        It had been ten months since that incident.  Ten months since
the Galactic Council sent him to this station to put him out of the
way.  Ten months and the officers under him still looked at their
Commander
with awe.  They all wondered at one time or another as to how a human,
or a Korvian for that matter, could survive such pain with their mind
intact.  No one on that bridge knew, not even the recipient of these
thoughts.  
        Chk'Ra could not remember any of the events leading up to and
during those four frightful and cruel days.  He couldn't remember how
he got there or how he lost his arm and mangled half his body.  He
could only remember the pain.  And for him, the pain was memory
enough.  
        The Galaxy Police offered much in the way of assistance and
repairs to Chk'Ra.  The Council of Seven themselves ordered the best
scientists and doctors from across Assembly Territory to assist and
repair the gravely wounded Korvian.  With their help, Chk'Ra could
have had his mangled form repaired far more than it was.  They could
have given him a robotic arm and used nanites to repair the spinal
damage that caused him to limp.  They could have, but they didn't.
        "I will not have my soul destroyed by your gruesome machines. 
I will not have them!" Chk'Ra had raved when they offered the
reparations to him.  They listened and obeyed, though.  It was his
choice, it was his life.  All that was fixed was his skull, and that
was in order to save his life in the first place.

        The silence in the room was deafening, broken only by one
officer, looking up worriedly from his station as he spoke, "Commander
Chk'Ra!  We have an unknown energy signature off to the aft side of
the station!" a Lieutenant shouted at his leader from his deep space
scanner console.
        The Commander pressed a mangled claw against a button on his
armrest and the chair swiveled towards the Lieutenant's station.  The
officer was a Vexturian, an ancient alien race of Terran-looking
creatures with pointed ears, four fingers, and a band of bone
extending from the front of their shoulders to bend back and link into
the back of their necks.  Chk'Ra could not remember the boy's name,
his mind badly damaged, similar to that of his body.  He spoke, his
voice a mixture of soft leather and harsh metal due to the half
replaced larynx, "Explain, Lieutenant.  I want details!"
        Another officer, this one a gray-tinted Terran off-shoot
species Chk'Ra could not remember the name of, an Ensign at the
Security Perimeter station, turned toward him and spoke, "Sir, the
energy output of the creature is that of a class twelve particle
emission.  Only three known ship classes generate that kind of energy
output:  The Souyja, the Ryo-ohki, and the second generation of Jurai
Battle ships," she explained.
        The Commander turned his head sharply at the Security
Perimeter officer on his right and spoke to her, "Which of the three
is it then?  The Jurai have agreed not to enter this Sector and the
Souyja has been reported to be destroyed.  It isn't the Ryo-ohki, is
it?"
        The Lieutenant then spoke up, alarmedly, "It is not a space
ship, sir.  It is a single humanoid life-form.  The sensors describe
it as a female.  But what's really strange is that she doesn't appear
to be wearing any kind of external survival suit."
        "What!  That's impossible!" Chk'Ra stated, slamming his furred
fist down on a console. "Why are those alarms going off?" he asked
gruffly.  The red alert alarms had begun blaring through the station
at full volume, red lights flashed all over the bridge.  The Commander
retreated into his chair, it almost looked like he was curling up into
a ball as he covered his only ear from the horrible screeching.
        "The individual is taking up an aggressive posture.  She is
starting up some kind of pure matter/anti-matter reaction, sir. 
Materializing some kind of energy weapon with no devices evident," the
Security Perimeter Ensign exclaimed.
        "I want all shields up and weapons at full armament now. 
Lieutenant, find out who this women is!" Chk'Ra ordered.  He got up
quickly, despite the pain, and hobbled over to the Lieutenant's
station, balancing on an old piece of wood that had drifted up to him
while he was stranded on that beach so many months ago.

        An incredible blast of energy struck the shields of the
station so hard that the orbit itself was thrown off.  If let be after
that, the station would most certainly burn up in the atmosphere of
the lifeless planet below them within a few days.  But the barrage did
not stop. The first blast was followed up with two more equally
powered assaults.  The constant blasting of energy battered the poorly
unequipped station senselessly.

        Inside the station, chaos ensued.  But not from the officers
themselves, just the assaulted station.  The officers onboard were
trained to stay calm and calculating in desperate situations.
        "Sir, I found out who the attacker is!  Ugh," the Lieutenant
screamed above the chaos and fell to the ground.  A piece of flying
console had struck him across his forehead, tearing a large gash open
that streamed blackish blood.
        The Commander crawled over to the boy, bent down and somehow
cradled the boy in his one arm trying to help, but feeling as if he
was the current recipient of the attacks.   Onto his already shattered
mind instead of his horribly mangled body.  "Who's attacking us, my
boy.  Tell me!" he pleaded, as if the knowledge would somehow
alleviate the damage incurred to the station and the officers.
        "(hack)Reee, yok, ogh, Sssiiirrr..." the Lieutenant said in a
final, barely whispered breath, and then he lay still, his body
slumped in the grip of Chk'Ra's powerful clawed fingers.
        "Ryoko," Chk'Ra said angrily, setting the cold, lifeless boy
on the floor gently.  He stood back up and gripped his walking stick
tightly. A storm of emotions ravaged his body.  He shrugged them off,
all but anger.  He turned to the Security Perimeter station and spoke,
"Ensign?"
        "Yes, sir?" she called out, clinging to her console for dear
life, tapping at weapons control systems.
        "Send out a distress signal.  Tell them that we have been
attacked by Ryoko.  Tell them that they need to hunt down and kill
this blordtwah! (Untranslatable curse word of the Korvians)" the
Commander stated, banging his cane against the hard metal floor.

        Those were the last known words to be spoken on that bridge. 
At that moment, a blast struck the hull hard enough to puncture it. 
The beam broke through to the bridge area.  Every officer died a
soundless, quick, and excruciatingly painful death as their shattered
and crushed bodies floated toward the exit wound gaping in the
station's hull.

        Outside, Ryoko, a strange feminine, Terran-looking creature
with wildly spiked light-blue hair, large yellow eyes and black
slitted pupils, prepared her final assault.  A sphere of red-orange
visible heat, slightly larger than her slender hands, appeared in
front of her. The light from this sphere illuminated her curvaceous
body, accentuated by the black and red form-fitting body suit she
wore. She reached out and grasped the ball with her right hand.  Upon
contact, the energy that made up the sphere exploded outwards into one
long cylindrical beam.  She held the massive beam of hot energy out
like a sword, slicing at the station with it, cutting cleanly through
the hull on one side and coming out on the other.
        The station separated into two halves and exploded, creating a
soundless ball of quickly dissipated smoke and fire.  Most of the
station evaporated within moments, leaving a few final pieces of debri
to drift toward the unnamed planet to burn up in re-entry.

        The creature known as Ryoko floated there for a moment.  She
spread her delicate lips wide and proceeded to laugh out loud, though
no air or noise escaped nor entered her lungs for she was in a vacuum.
 A bit of debris tapped her foot and she looked down at it.  It was a
simple wooden cane, rotted and burned, still held by the death throe
claws of Commander Chk'Ra.  She picked the object up and again laughed
her soundless laugh.  And then, as quickly as the strange and violent
girl had appeared, was gone.


Note 1:  I have named the organization that controls half the universe
The Galactic Assembly.  The heads of this Assembly are the leaders of
the seven main races that make up the Assembly.

Note 2:  Whenever a term using human is mentioned by an alien race, I
call them Terran.  So Terranoid = Humanoid.  Okay?