Chapter Two
The Problems of a Broken Heart

Present Time

        On Earth, in a small secluded area of Japan, is, to everyone
else's eyes, the normal-looking Masaki Shrine.  The people who lived
there, however, called their lives anything but normal as each of them
tended to one task or another in their daily lives.

        Ayeka Jurai, the purple-haired crown-princess of the Galactic
Kingdom of Jurai, was attempting to get a young boy, Tenchi Masaki, to
eat some of her newest cooking experiment.  Nearby, Sasami Jurai,
Ayeka's double pony-tailed younger sister, was playing fetch with her
good friend and small cabbit (half cat, half rabbit), Ryo-ohki and a
carrot. Sasami constantly frustrated that the carrot would never
return to her.  
        Washu Hakubi, the red-haired, self-proclaimed scientific
genius of the universe and parent/creator of Ryoko, was experimenting
with yet another specimen that humankind, and probably every other
species in the universe, should not find out about.  
        Mihoshi Kuramitsu, the dark skinned, blonde, curly haired
Galaxy Police Detective, was practicing her blaster skills with her
partner, the increasingly aggravated and sensible Kiyone Makibi,
teaching her.  
        The only one who was missing from the collection of misfits
and runaways was the blue haired girl, Ryoko, who was nowhere to be
found, although none of the others noticed.  They were all just
relieved that there was no trouble originating from that particular
person.

        "But, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka pleaded, her narrow face contorted,
showing a begging look.  "I spent hours fixing this meal for you. 
Please...  Just try a little bit," she begged, holding out a wooden
spoon upon which was a substance that looked something like rice
overflowing.  A bit of the substance broke off, fell onto, and then
burned a hole through part of Ayeka's kimono.
        "No, really, Ayeka," Tenchi replied, his face, a worried
expression.  "I'm really not all that hungry.  I appreciate what
you're trying to do for me but, Urmph..." he said, his arguments cut
off as his mouth was suddenly assaulted by the spoon.
        Tenchi took a bit into his mouth as Ayeka removed the spoon. 
It took him a moment, but he finally succeeded in choking down the
solid, hard pieces of rice.  A moment passed and his skin suddenly
turned a sickly shade of green.  He grabbed at his throat with both
hands and started gagging for air as he ran off toward his house.
        "Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed after the young man,  "Hmph, I
suppose that he can not appreciate good home cooking," Ayeka said
angrily.  
        Ayeka reached the spoon back into the big, black pot which
contained her cooking, then scooped some of the rice out.  She placed
the spoon under her nose, smelling the rice.  Sensing nothing wrong,
she placed the spoon in her mouth and tasted the weird rice herself. 
She bit down on it, analyzing the flavor.  A moment of consideration
passed and her face turned a light blue in color.  She clamped her
hands over her mouth and quickly ran off to the house.

        Mihoshi turned her head from her firing target and watched
confusedly as the Princess ran off.  The minuscule brain, covered by
curly blonde hair, light brown skin, and an incredibly dense skull,
slowly devised a statement which of course, the Detective instantly
blurted out: "Wonder what's wrong with her?"  
        While looking off at the trail of smoke trailing behind the
Princess, Mihoshi unthinkingly pressed on her blaster's trigger and
fired off a random shot toward the target.  The energy blast ripped
from the barrel of the gun, streaking the target at the speed of
light.  The beam struck straight through the chest of one of the straw
dummy targets.  The gaping hole quickly lined over with a black,
tar-like substance that, somehow, expanded and filled in the gap. 
Within seconds, the hole was gone; replaced by fresh hay and a new
wool cover.
        "Will you please concentrate on your firing practice!" Kiyone
shouted at her partner in frustration causing Mihoshi's head to turn
back with a jerk.  "I promised your Grandfather that I would teach you
how to be a real detective.  Next time you shoot, watch the dummy,
dummy!" she yelled, waving her arms in the air.
        "OW!  I don't know.  But Kiyone, I am concentrating...  I
think," Mihoshi responded, her tiny mind barely comprehending the
world around her, as she babbled out whatever came to her.
        "No, you don't know.  Now pay attention!" 
        Mihoshi struggled to think of a response when her two-second
attention-span was cut off by a blinking light shining on the bracelet
of her right wrist.  She stared at it for a moment, as if put in a
trance by the beeping sound emanating from her bracelet.  Finally, she
spoke, "Oh, what's that!  Do you think it's important, Kiyone?"
        "How am I supposed to know!  Washu's still fixing my bracelet
from the last target practice when you shot it!" Kiyone screamed, a
vein forming on her smooth forehead as sweat dripped off her brow.
        "Well, excuse me!" Mihoshi responded, backing up slightly.
        "Well!  What are you waiting for?!  Answer it!" Kiyone yelled,
smacking her partner across the back of her neck.
        "Okay, okay!" Mihoshi said, yelping in pain.  "Yukinojo?" she
asked, the bracelet raised toward her mouth.
        "Mihoshi, I have an urgent report from your commander in my
data-banks." a warbled metallic voice answered, emanating from the
mounted gem.
        "Okay, Yukinojo," Mihoshi said.  "Ready, Kiyone?" the blonde
detective turned to look at her partner as she pulled out a small pink
cube, slightly larger than her hands, from a pocket in her pants that
did not seem to be there a moment ago.
        "Yes, you numskull," Kiyone responded, whispering the last part.
        "Transport!" Mihoshi shouted as she manipulated the cube,
causing a third of the object to tilt away from the bulk like a Rubix
cube.  She repositioned the piece, causing it to reshape itself to
look just like it had before no seem showing where the two sections
met.  A light flashed from within the center of the cube and the air
directly around the two detectives wavered.  Then Mihoshi and Kiyone
vanished, propelled at lightening fast speed into the lake next to the
Shrine.

        The two detectives arrived moments later, in a technological
room of metal, plastic and wiring that had the look of a futuristic
space-ship cockpit.  The room they were in was apparently within the
lake next to the Masaki Shrine due to the fact that, when the
detectives arrived, the blue and gray uniforms they wore were drenched
from head to toe.
        "Do you always have to land the ship in the lake, Mihoshi? 
Look at my uniform, it's soaked!" Kiyone yelled, pulling off her
drenched jacket in order to dry it off.  Water splashed all over the
room as she shook it, and her long, blue-tinted hair.  The high-tech
room they were in activated a suction unit and absorbed the excess
water while an air vent dried the room.
        "Well, so is mine!  It just happens!" the ditzy blonde
responded.
        "That's the last time I let you fly the ship without an
Autonav," Kiyone grumbled.
        "Sorry," Mihoshi said, her eyes watering with tears.
        This made Kiyone's mood change from anger to worry and the
blue-haired girl quickly rectified the situation.  "Don't worry about
it, Mihoshi.  The water will dry off," she said soothingly as she put
her jacket back on.
        Mihoshi just looked at her partner for a moment, wiping her
tears away with a drenched white glove.  "You mean it Kiyone?" she
asked childishly.
        "Yes, of course I mean it."
        "Hooray! Kiyone's forgiven me!  Kiyone forgave me!" the blonde
detective started chanting as she jumped up and down, running around
in circles.
        "Calm down Mihoshi, Yukinojo wants to tell us something."
        "Sorry," Mihoshi said.  She then straightened up, turned
toward the front of the cockpit, and spoke, "Yukinojo?"
        A strange looking configuration of metal, tubes and sensors
lowered in a long column from the ceiling of the high tech cockpit. 
The column of electronics turned, pivoting its body so that its two
equally spaced lenses could see the two young women.  It spoke in a
soothing electronic male voice, as a portion of its mass moved up and
down in imitation of the human jaw, "Password, please."
        "Uhm, Little Red Riding Hood?" Mihoshi babbled.
        "Password authorized," the machine responded.
        Kiyone smacked her head to her forehead in anger, "I can't
believe that's her password."
        The machine didn't seem to notice Kiyone's actions, "Mihoshi,
Kiyone.  I've been calling you for hours!  Where have you been?" it
said, its voice clearly agitated.
        "We're so sorry, Yukinojo," Mihoshi said.
        "This pin-head is the only one with a working transmitter so I
didn't get the message until she did" Kiyone complained, pointing a
thumb at her dim-witted partner.  
        "I understand," Yukinojo responded, its voice mimicking
sympathy.  "Do you wish to hear the report now?"
        "Yes please, Yukinojo," Mihoshi said.
        "Very well..." the robotic column known as Yukinojo said. 
Lights activated all over the cockpit as the robot accessed the
specified data.  
        After a moment Yukinojo spoke:  "At 0930 one week ago, a
Galaxy Police research station, registry number 791, under the control
of Commander Chk'Ra, encountered a dangerous life form and, shortly
afterward, were completely destroyed.  The nearby outpost, 801,
received a distress signal sent by the station in outdated code.  
They sent out a rescue team who shortly discovered that the outpost
was completely destroyed.   This is quickly proving to be a conundrum,
as all that has really been discovered about this event is that this
is the ninth incident of destroyed space stations in the past four
weeks."
        "Why would someone destroy space stations?" Mihoshi asked
childishly. "I mean, space stations are nice, big, and pretty to look
at..." the blonde Detective babbled on.
        Kiyone smacked her hand to her head and mumbled, "Don't worry
about it, Mihoshi."  She then composed herself enough to look back up
at Yukinojo and said, "Continue, please." 
        "While examining the station's orbiting wreckage and reports
from the others, something odd was noticed.  Every station that has
been destroyed recently have all had at least one survivor of KAIN's
attack on the Galaxy Police Head Quarters in its crew compliment.
Someone appears to be taking them out one by one."
        "But why would someone be killing off survivors of that
incident?  KAIN's dead, isn't he?" Mihoshi said dumbly.
        "That is not the point, Mihoshi!  It really doesn't matter
that KAIN's dead.  Some KAIN worshiper could be after the survivors to
get their revenge," Kiyone responded, smacking her dim-witted partner
on the head.  
        She stopped for a moment to contemplate what the mechanoid had
told her and then spoke, "Station 791...  Yukinojo, can you give me an
image of this 'Commander Chk'Ra'?" Kiyone asked, rubbing her chin in
deep contemplative thought.
        "Yes mam," Yukinojo said, retracting into the long column that
served as his neck.  
        More computer systems lit up readily after their prolonged
time in wait-state and a screen with no mass and a blackish tint
appeared in front of them.  On it a small screen explained that the
operating system used by the computer was Windows 2055 and that the
room they were in was a space ship called the "Yagami".
        Another screen showed two pictures of Commander Chk'Ra, one
showed him wholly Korvian and another showed him after the KAIN
incident, his body greatly modified, his face, originally proud and
handsome, now dull and marked, a portion having been completely
replaced by a curved chrome plate and a large ruby-like eyepiece
placed in the dull metallic eye socket.  
        Mihoshi stifled a yelp as she examined the second picture. 
Kiyone then smacked the blonde detective against the back of the head,
knocking the blonde back to what little sense she has.  
        Kiyone looked back up at the pictures, straining her mind to
uncover very old memories.  After a moment, her face brightened and
she snapped her fingers.  "I know that Commander." she said, more to
herself then to her partner.  "I trained under him at the Galaxy
Police Field Detective's course.  He was the best field operative I
ever had the pleasure to learn from," her face lit up with fondness,
which quickly reverted to sadness.  "This is awful, though.  I had
heard he was disfigured after KAIN's assault but I didn't know it was
that badly!  And now he's dead!" she stifled a tear.
        The strange cylindrical creature named Yukinojo once again
extended its body out of the slot built for it out of the wall.  It
looked at Kiyone for a second and then replied, "Well, from the
information we have collected, we can assume that Commander Chk'Ra was
a target of this unknown assassin."
        "What kind of information.  And don't spare the details,"
Kiyone asked forcefully.
        Yukinojo backed up for a moment and then continued, "Well,
mam, when the rescue team arrived, they found his body.  Now, although
finding bodies wasn't unexpected, it was unusual to find it floating
in a container made out of the remains of the station.  Not to mention
the extensive physical mutilations," the robot said.  It paused,
looking at Mihoshi.  "Are you sure she should hear this part?"  he
asked Kiyone, motioning to Mihoshi with the bulk of its body.  
        "She'll be fine.  Now continue," Kiyone replied, becoming very
aggravated at the robot.
        Yukinojo mad an electronic gulp, backed up a little more, and
spoke again, "It seams the assassin wanted a trophy from the victim. 
His remaining arm had been sheared off by a very hot object.  No
attempts to find the limb have been successful, so we assume the
assassin took it.
        "The assassin also enjoyed keeping count of their victims.  On
the Commander's forehead there were thirteen gash marks.  This was
cross-checked and we found the number is the same as that of the total
number of Galaxy Police Headquarters survivors killed in these
incidents." it said.
        "Ewww, gross!" Mihoshi exclaimed, her white gloved hands held
together in fists, hands raised to just below her mouth.
        "Mihoshi, would you shut up!" Kiyone screamed, lifting her
partner by the collar of her uniform jacket, showing her to be
unusually strong for such a "normal" female.  Still holding Mihoshi
up, Kiyone turned her head to the cylindrical robot and said,
"Yukinojo, continue."
        Yukinojo made another electronic gulp and finished the rest of
his report, "Uhm, yes mam.  After numerous hours of reconstructing
data tapes and the unfinished emergency report, the rescue team
managed to salvage the name of the suspected assassin:  'Ryoko'."
        "Ryoko!  That bitch!" Kiyone screamed.  She dropped Mihoshi,
who fell to the ground, landing with the usual "Ow".  Kiyone ignored
her partner's pain and set off running into the cargo bay where all
the weaponry was stored.