
Chapter Three
He Who Wears The Badge

Two Weeks Ago

        "Reports, reports, this is so aggravating!  I can't believe
Captain Vi'Gor wants me to fill out these reports in triplicate!" a
young man wearing a strange gray and white Galaxy Police uniform
complained, typing at a black volumeless slate floating in the air. 
In front of him lay a screen made of a similar substance.
        "Lieutenant Commander Deevra Murishawa, sir, the file you have
requested has arrived," a voice coming from nowhere said.
        "Ah, finally," the man known as Lieutenant Commander Deevra
Murishawa replied, a large, malformed smile appearing on his otherwise
smooth face, "Put it through," he said.  Another of the strange
black-tinted screens appeared to the man's right and he shifted his
seat toward that direction.
        "Lieutenant Commander Deevra Murishawa, we-e-e have received
your request t-t-to be assigned to the case on the cri-ri-ri-minal
assaulting Galaxy Police stations.  W-w-w-ould you like details?" a
blank Terran-looking face pictured on the screen said.
        [They're getting better with the way the info-gatherers look,
but the personality program just rips right through to show their
artificial origins,] Deevra thought.  "Yes, I would like details," he
said impersonally.
        "You are given full authoriz-iz-iz-ation for the tracking and
capture of the indi-di-di-vidual suspected for destroying Galaxy
Police stations.  We-e-e have confirmed the name and
where-ab-ab-abouts of the individual in question," and the face paused.
        "Continue, you stupid machine!" Deevra shouted, alarming a
dozen or so fellow GP officers around him with the pitch and intensity
of his voice.
        "Ve-ry-ry-ry well," the face said, not reacting to Deevra's
shouting, "The whereabouts of the individual is:  Ear-th-th-th,
Japan," the information-gatherer said, stopping to let the thoughts
soak in.  "You will be given a ful-ly-ly-ly authorized class 'A'
Retrieval Ship built with a fully working Ju-ju-ju-mpGate system.  The
main craft will carry two-two-two-hundred quantum torpedoes fireable
through ten torp-torp-torp-edo tubes, one-hundred fusion missiles,
fireable by the same-ame-ame.  Fifty batteries of plasma
can-can-can-nons, fifty particle chargers, twenty-five destabilizers,
and the 'pla-pla-pla-net buster' warp cannon.  Twenty standard fighter
craft ar-ar-are also on-board, equipped with the usual, unmodified
weapon-ry-ry-ry and equipment.
        "You will also be given a 'Lander' model scout ship-ip-ip
heavily armed with five unidimensional cannons, twen-en-en-ty laser
cannons and fifteen missile pods that fire organic destabilizers.  The
shut-ut-uttle will be carrying twenty 'Hostile Atmosphere'
arm-arm-arm-ored suits with equipment to repair and fully modify them
for your-our-our needs.  Fifteen 'Drop-op-op Trooper' armored suits
for backup and assistance.  Two command-and-ando units with their own
specialized suits and a 'Force Battalion' crew of thirt-irt-irty to
pilot the retrieval ship and shuttle.  You will-ill-ill also be
promoted to the temporary rank of 'Captain'.  If you succeed-eed-eed
in capturing this individual you will keep the rank and equipment."
        "Is that all?  Sheesh, it appears they don't trust me," Deevra
commented snippily.
        "It is my-y-y understanding, sir, that this amount of
equip-ip-ipment and troops is more than enough to take on any known
hostile-tile-ile life-form in the galaxy.  Excepting KAIN-IN-IN, of
course.  And the promot-mot-motion is thought to be a sufficient
reward for tak-ak-aking on such a dangerous mission."
        "I was being sarcastic!  Stupid computer!" Deevra said,
swiping a gloved hand at it, contacting nothing as it sweeped through
the screen.
        "That is not ve-ry-ry-ry nice, sir," the face complained, its
image wavering from the static interference of Deevra's hand.  "My
form is not designed for organ-an-anics."
        "No one has ever had the misfortune of calling me a 'nice'
person," Deevra said in a cruel and vicious tone.  Holding his hands
behind his head he slumped back in his chair, propping his feet on the
desktop.  A cuff and sleeve slipped down his wrist revealing his skin
to have tiny, sharp spikes covering his arm in a sparse coat almost
like fur.  He straightened the cuff out and continued to lay back
comfortably, "Continue, stupid computer." 
        "You have been assigned two-wo-wo extra officers, their
equipment, and assistants.  A Gal-gal-galaxy Police personal financial
specialist nam-am-amed Pheros and his two specialists.  And a
Jurai-ai-ai Royal Ambassador named Ge'Kahl and his-is-is twenty armed
bodyguards.  The Jurai royal council has agree-gree-greed to supply us
with a group of 'hos-hos-hostile takeover' fighter troops, fully
specialized to combat any threat nec-nec-necessary to help you
complete this mission."
        "What!?  An accountant and a high-and-mighty?!  Why did they
send me these two?  Who am I going after anyway?"
	The face straightened up, reaching a before-then nonexistent hand
into view in order to straighten a collar that also did not exist
before.  "It app-app-appears, sir, that the individual you are to
apprehend is-s-s:  Ryoko."
	Deevra suddenly straightened up in his chair, his eyes grew dim and
his pupils retracted.  He roughly gnawed his teeth together as he spat
out the name, "Ryoko!"