Chapter Four
Conspiratorial Experiences

Two Months ago
(between one eyeblink and another)

        "Well, Clay.  I have saved you from being eliminated by KAIN
and have even returned you to my employment.  Now why should I have
done that?" a large, feminine appearing inter-dimensional being said
to a small bearded shaped man standing on a platform bellow her.  The
creature was magnificent, large and imposing, dozens of times the size
of the small man before her, and her entire body radiated an intense
light.  She wore a strange looking crown-like object on her forehead
that spread out, far from her head to bend back in flowing strands
toward the human-like silhouettes of slightly smaller size behind her.
 Her garb was pale, like the rest of her, light, and almost invisible
to the eye.  Her skin was the same way:  pale, cadaverous, frail. 
However, her form radiated immense power as well as light.
        "You are right, Lady Tokimi.  Why have you saved me from being
destroyed by KAIN and rehiring me?" the man known as Clay asked,
bowing his ugly bearded head before the lit creature.  This man was a
complete opposite of the creature he spoke to:  short, fat,
bell-shaped.  His white hair was long and flowed out in large clumps
to curl up and around itself, forming circular gaps just before his
hair reached his shoulders, his long beard was much the same way.  One
of his eyes was missing, instead of a beady black eye, a pure
reflective black gem-like object was set into the socket.
        "Washu, Clay," the giant energy being known as Lady Tokimi
answered, one of the silhouettes in the background seemed to gleam. 
Clay ignored this, believing it to be an illusion.  Although it "did"
look like Washu... 
        "What do you mean by 'Washu'?  Do you want me to destroy her
for not agreeing to meet with you?"
        "No, Clay, I do not," Tokimi said, almost smiling as she
looked down at him.  "I still wish to converse with her.  Bring her to
me and I will forgive you.  I will give you whatever you desire to
help you with this task," Tokimi responded, speaking to him like a
parent would a child, giving him simple toys and the child not knowing
any better, is content.
        "Thank you, Lady Tokimi.  You are too kind," Clay hesitated,
taking a deep breath and then speaking, "But I am afraid I must ask
one other thing from you."
        "What else might you need in order to bring Washu to me,
Clay?" Tokimi answered, for the first time since Clay had met her the
entity showed a look of surprise.
        "One who has also suffered greatly at the hands of Washu.  One
whose hatred for her burns through their soul almost as much as mine."
        "You do not mean KAIN, do you Clay?"
        "No, my Lady.  I humbly request for you to resurrect Kagato
for me."
        "I can not do that Clay."
        "But, my Lady.  You are Tokimi.  You can do anything.  Why
can't you resurrect Kagato?"
        "Because Kagato is not dead, Clay.  I can, however, bring him
here.  Whether he will assist you or not is out of my hands, though. 
You must work that out for yourself."
        "Thank you, Lady Tokimi."
        "I will not permit failure again.  Good-bye, Dr. Clay, I await
Washu," Tokimi said, her massive image wavered and vanished.
        "Lady.  Where, what happened?" Clay said, shocked as his
surroundings vanished back to the simpler yet still complex
architecture of another dimensional gateway. "D3, sir, where did Lady
Tokimi go?" Clay asked the air.
        A blood-red jewel floating in the air in front of Clay started
to glow brightly and the image of an old bearded man's head coalesced,
the jewel placed upon the forehead of the ethereal visage.  His face
was aged and lined with the effects of having lived a long and
strenuous lifetime.  Yet his appearance gave no indication of his life
and health to be soon faltering.  The image spoke in a harsh grainy
texture yet betrayed a calm kindness and soothing.  "Lady Tokimi can
not stay here for an indefinitely long period of time.  She has to
return to her own dimension to recuperate."
        "I see.  When will Kagato arrive?" Clay asked the image.
        "I was unaware of Lord Kagato's arrival," the image said
solemnly.
        "What?!  Lady Tokimi has deceived me!  She said she would
bring him to me."
        "I have heard nothing to substantiate this, Dr. Clay," the
visage responded.
        Clay was furious.  He started to complain but then rethought
his tactics.  "Well, my pretty new assistant and I can deal with Washu
ourselves," Clay announced.  He quickly turned and walked back to his
newly made "Goddess Tokimi".  

        D3, whose volumeless form stayed in the room, floating on
nothingness, vanished, only to be replaced with the very tactile form
of a young man with long white hair flowing back from his head in
random spikes.  The man's green clothing concealed a form not quite
there in earthly terms of reality.  Upon the man's sharply curved nose
there lay mounted a pair of silver spectacles, too small to be for
anything but appearance.  His white leather gloved hands held a
glowing green blade made of nothing but pure energy.  He nodded his
head down and as suddenly as he appeared, he disappeared into the mist.

        "Well, Lady Tokimi, what do you have in store for Doctor
Clay?" the bodiless entity of D3 asked the extra-dimensional life-form
behind him.  His solemn eyes regarded the image of Clay's departing
ship with curiosity.
        "Whatever do you mean, D3?" Tokimi replied quizzically, giving
the departing ship a slight glance, causing the image of it to vanish.
        "You did not tell him everything about this assignment.  Not
only that, you have created a duplicate of Kagato to assist him and
did not bother to inform him about it."
        "Yes, I suppose I have.  I believe Clay will attempt a similar
ploy as he tried before.  If he does this, I do not think Clay would
be capable of completing his assignment without 'someone' to watch
over him.  Do you disagree?"
        "No.  I understand it now, my Lady," D3 said, pausing for a
moment, "However, there is still the excess information?"
        "What does that matter with Clay's work?"
        "Would it not have been important to tell him about the new
one who is about to be born?"
        "It would not help him any to know of this.  The new one is of
no concern to me.  Just another wasteful piece of flesh for me to toy
with."
        "I see, my Lady."
        "Go now, D3.  Set to work my newest plans.  And remember to
leave the boy Tenchi out of your manipulations."
        "As you wish, my Lady," and with that, D3 vanished from the
fortress's plane of existence.
        Lady Tokimi stood there alone.  This magnificent creature,
left to herself, with only her multitudes of shadows to keep her
company.  
        An image appeared of the red-haired women called Washu.  The
scientist was happily taping away at a computer.  
        Lady Tokimi intently examined the image for many minutes, and
then spoke, "What are you up to, my sister?  Why are you doing this?" 
and with that, Tokimi, the image, and even the fortress, vanished from
existence.
