Chapter Five
The Phoenix's Rebirth

Present time.
            
        Washu sat atop her floating red pillow and typed away at her
insubstantial keyboard, making various calculations.  Her minuscule
form was a deception, her small, red-haired body contained a woman of
power and intelligence, if not seriousness.  Her delicate form,
wrapped in green and beige clothing, reminiscent of an earlier time
period and an earlier life were simply wrappings. She did not need
them, any more than she needed this minuscule body.  She simply chose
to have them.
        One link after another was completed, coalescing into the
image of a pale skinned boy on the computer screen.  The computer
simulation brightened, showing the image accompanied by some small
words, almost illegible.  Washu smiled in satisfaction at the
completed programming.  
        "It's ready!" she said to herself, smiling.
        She got up off of her floating cushion and walked over to a
small, chrome tinted cylindrical machine placed in a corner of the
gigantic inter-dimensional lab she was situated in.  She pressed a
button on the machine and a door slid open, releasing a stream of cold
air, so frigid that it could be seen.  Washu's own breath frosted at
the mere vicinity to the cylinder.
        A small round petri dish emerged from the machine about 4
inches in diameter.  Washu grabbed the petri dish and nuzzled it with
her left check, neglecting to notice the frigidness of it, like a
mother would a child.  She carried the object over to another, larger
machine with a clear glass tube that predominated the device connected
to it.  
        She inserted the object into a side of the electronic portion
of the machine and tapped a few keys.  The petri dish opened causing
the cells inside to be expulsed into the tube, which was filled with
some sort of clear liquid.  The liquid bubbled, darkening to an opaque
white, blocking out the cells.  
        [It would be finished soon...]  she told herself, overcome
with joy.  [My first new creation in seven-hundred years.]

        Kiyone rushed into the cargo bay of the Yagami.  She ran over
to a large blue machine partially covered by a tarp.  She clamored up
onto a massive cannon mounted on what appeared to be the machine's
right arm.  She continued to climb up the machine's shoulder, grabbed
a pole mounted to the back of the things head and swung herself into a
compartment built into the back of the machine, feet first. 
        Once inside, Kiyone sat down in a padded harness and strapped
herself in.  She tapped on a few buttons and switches, bringing the
massive mechanized thing to life.  The view-screen directly in front
of Kiyone turned transparent, allowing her to see the tarp covering
the device's front and little else. Smaller screens, built diagonally
outward from the side of the view-screen, activated, relating various
information to the female pilot.  With a few taps on the main console,
the hatch in the back of the machine closed and shut, sealing the
detective inside it.  
        Kiyone keyed at the machine's main keys relating to the Cargo
Bay's controls; the entry door to the Cargo Bay closed and the room
reflexively vacuumed all the air out.  
        Kiyone slipped a strange head harness over her long blue hair
and strapped it down.  She spoke various commands into the microphone
on the harness's side and the machine readily replied.  She then
reached her delicate hands into two identical wrist harnesses, built
on opposite sides of the machine's cockpit.  Her left hand grabbed the
finger shaped handle inside the harness and maneuvered the machine's
left arm to knock the tarp off of it.  Her right hand reached out and
grabbed a handle that was shaped more like the grip of a handgun, and
reflexively squeezed the trigger.  The machine's right arm's weapon
barrel lit up like a light-bulb.  A spark of energy shot out of it,
refracting off of the magnetized walls.  
        Kiyone also placed her slender legs into two boot harnesses
covered with pressure sensors, built on tracks mounted to the floor of
the cockpit.  The boots locked around her feet and moved slightly as
she settled her legs in, causing the machine to stomp about a bit. 
She smiled a bitter and warped smile.

        Water from the lake gushed into the massive Cargo Bay as the
main hanger door opened at Kiyone's command.  She tapped at several
keys and used the machine's hand and leg controls to maneuver the
large metallic unit to the opening, which was now quickly filling with
water.  
        After about a minute, the water completely filled the room. 
Kiyone activated the Mecha's air fans and manipulated controls,
maneuvering the massive machine out of the Cargo Bay hanger and into
the Masaki Lake.  She then repositioned and launched the vehicle up to
the surface and jumped up onto dry land.
        Once Kiyone reached dry land, she activated the flame jets,
shooting off into the sky to search for her prey.  She scanned the
area for her quarry, but found nothing.  
        Bitter and angry, Kiyone lowered the massive weapon to the
ground, landing with a thump.  Kiyone quickly redirected the machine
to move toward the Masaki home, knowing the chances of finding her
opponent would be greater there.  

        Soon after arriving near the home, the Mecha's sensors found
the unique energy signature of Kiyone's foe.  The women known as Ryoko
was near the house, floating through the air, armed wrapped around the
shoulders of the young man, Tenchi Masaki.
        Kiyone stomped toward the two on foot, activating her Mecha's
powerful weaponry.  The sounds and vibrations caused the two young
people to lift their heads and look at her in surprise.  Ryoko had a
less then threatening look on her face as her entire form suddenly
became jagged, as if glass had shattered in front of her, and then she
was gone.
        [Damn it!  Where did she go to]" Kiyone thought angrily.  She
quickly started the scanners directing them all around her Mecha to
find Ryoko. 
        Ryoko had not gone far, she reappeared on top of the Mecha and
pried at the hatch lid.  "Mihoshi, stop messing with these stupid
suits.  You know you'll never get them to work right," Ryoko shouted,
trying to find where to lift the entry hatch.
        [She thinks I'm Mihoshi!  She'll learn differently very soon!]
 Kiyone quickly maneuvered her Mecha cannon to point at an angle that
would hit Ryoko but miss any of the vital Mecha components on the top
of the machine.  The cannon fired a strong blast, spewing wave after
wave of energy at Ryoko.  The blue-haired woman just dodged off to the
side, landing on the ground to the right of the Mecha.
        Kiyone continued to fire, maneuvering the cannon without
stopping.  Ryoko just dodged again.  The blasts struck the ground,
ripping the soil and grass up as if it were tissue paper.
        Ryoko maneuvered into range and fired a blast of her own at
the blue tinted Mecha.  Beams of intense heated energy flew from the
girl's fingertips.  Kiyone activated the security shield, causing the
blasts to ricochet off and be redirected at the ground, shredding it
further.  Kiyone fired her jets, blasting into the air.
        Once in the air, Kiyone fired off a volley of sub-dimensional
missiles at Ryoko. Ryoko attempted to fly out of their range but the
missiles just curved along with her.  Ryoko then teleported away, just
as the dangerous missiles came within inches of her, and to what she
thought was safety.  But the missiles did the same, teleporting to the
same place Ryoko was.  They exploded, knocking the blue-haired woman
out of the air.  

	In Washu's sub-space lab, the child-like scientist watched these
events with worry.  She switched constantly from an image of the fight
to her work on the strange machine she was working on earlier.  The
few cells of tissue she had inserted in the machine had grown
amazingly quickly, forming the fur-coated nude body of a young man.
	"Damn.  Ryoko, you can handle yourself better than that!" Washu
mumbled to herself as she worked.  "I guess I'll have to activate the
Guardian sooner than I expected..." and with that, she turned a large
red crank, releasing a flesh-colored liquid into the tube. 
	The liquid massed together around the man's body, covering everything
except the top of his head.  After a moment, the liquid hardend,
becoming a flexible layer of skin on the boy.  The oxygenated liquid
quickly drained out of the tube, and the young man's eyes opened.

        Kiyone dropped to the ground, stomping over to the fallen
woman.  Tenchi ran at the Mecha, trying to stop it without any
weapons.  Kiyone turned and raised the Mecha's right arm to swat away
the boy...  
        But...  As she looked at him, she couldn't attack.  There was
something strange about him, his courage, his faith, his urge to
defend his friends.  She felt a trickle of wetness flow over her
cheek.  She reaches up with her left hand and brushes the tear away. 
Somehow, she just couldn't force herself to hurt this boy.
        Kiyone quickly turned away and walked right up to Ryoko.  Her
Mecha's left grapplers asserted themselves around the demon girl's
neck, the metal tightly squeezing the girl's flesh.  Kiyone
manipulated the Mecha's controls allowing her to roughly lift Ryoko
into the air by her neck.  Kiyone readied her plasma cannon and aimed
it at Ryoko's head.
        "This is for my mentor and friend, Ryoko," Kiyone spoke, her
voice traveled outside the Mecha via a special intercom.  It did not
matter, Ryoko was in no condition to fight or talk back.  
        Kiyone's finger tensed over the firing trigger, as if she was
waiting for something.  Then, just as Kiyone was about to fire, a
volley of plasma blasts struck the back of her Mecha.  She turned,
infuriated at the distraction, her grappler released Ryoko, who
slumped back to the shredded ground, still unconscious.  

        "Who had fired at her?" Kiyone thought, "The boy, Tenchi?!  No
he was unarmed and couldn't get a plasma cannon so quickly, let alone
know how to use one.  So who was it?"
        She looked behind her and found an unfamiliar boy staring
straight back at her, even through the opaque visor plate.  His skin
was as pale as a corpse, yet his face beamed of life.  His eyes were a
bright yellow, with dark black slitted pupils.  His nose sharply
curved, over a plain, solid mouth, filled with hatred.  His hair was
long and scraggly, draped over his shoulders like a red-dyed mop.  He
wore a simple white loose-fitting shirt and dark black slacks which
didn't quite fit him.  In his hands he held a plasma cannon, Mark 36. 
He gripped it tightly and prepared to shoot another volley at her if
she should move towards Ryoko again.
        Kiyone turned the Mecha completely around.  She reached the
Mecha's right hand out to the boy, but received a second volley of
blasts in response.  The Mecha's hand exploded into shrapnel,
splattering oil and electronics across the view-plate of the fearsome
machine.  She prepared to respond with a volley of missiles but...
Washu appeared between them.
        Kiyone shifted her target to the young red-headed scientist
and fired... However the missiles were unable to reply, unable to
launch since they had evaporated from their silos. No smoke, no
explosion, they just vanished.  Washu clicked her fingers and the
massive, hulking Mecha just crumpled to the ground, every inch of
welding on it having vanished.
        Kiyone struggled out of the fragments of metal that made up
what used to be her Mecha.  She staggered over to Washu and spoke: 
"Why did you do that, Washu?  And who is he?" she asked, and then
fainted.

        When Kiyone awoke, two hours later, she found herself lying in
a hospital bed, she jerked up and scanned the room for a nurse.  She
found a strange looking nurse, short with long red hair that barely
reached the floor.  The nurse turned to Kiyone and smiled.  It was
Washu.
        "This isn't a hospital.  Washu, what happened and who was that
boy?"  Kiyone asked, seriously con-fused at the events occurring
around her.
         "Who, Naotaki?" Washu mused.  Her eyes lit up with
realization, "Of course!  You never met him.  He was the operative who
went after KAIN solo," Washu explained.
        "I thought he was dead," Kiyone said, dazedly.
        "No, no, no.  Well...  Yes.  He *was* dead.  But now he's up
and about thanks to..." the girl paused for effect,  "The Greatest
Genius Scientist In The Universe!"  At that point, two strange
deformed puppet versions of Washu with smooth straight arms and
strangely disfigured jointed mouths, appeared on her shoulders.  The
only distinguishing characteristic between the two are an 'A' and a
'B' on their belts.
        "You are the greatest, Washu!" the one marked 'A' said in a
warped version of Washu's own voice.
        "The greatest in the universe!" the other one, marked 'B'
spoke in the same warbled voice.
        "Why did he attack me, then?  I had a perfectly good reason to
want to kill Ryoko."
        "So you think I'd let you kill my daughter.  No, I
reprogrammed Naotaki's mind on an organic level.  He doesn't remember
KAIN, his death, or his previous life.  I also implanted an undying
love and responsibility toward Ryoko.  He would easily sacrifice his
life for her."
        "Why did you do that?"
        "I was in a good mood."
        "Oh, that explains everything," Kiyone said woozily, and fell
back to the bed, unconscious again.