Chapter Six
Uneasy Alliances

One Week, Six Days Ago

        "So, you must be Commander Deevra," Ge'Kahl said uneasily as
he shook Deevra by the hand.  Ge'Kahl seemed to stare at Deevra's
cuff, which concealed his abnormal skin.
        Deevra looked over the ambassador impassively.  He was young,
a 'boy' in his eyes.  He wore a long flowing cloak that connected to
thin, branch-like objects that hallooed over the man's shoulders,
joining together at a point behind his back.  What Deevra could see
was a gold and brown tunic-like uniform, woven to fit around the boy.
His face betrayed a handsomeness unlike most of the Jurai.  A 'Terran'
handsomeness.  The eyes were beaded and cold, his face thick and
stern.  It gave Deevra the impression that the boy was constantly
sweating.
        "I was under the impression that my new rank was to be
'Captain', Mr. Ambassador," Deevra responded coldly, snatching away
his hand from the ambassador.
        "Now why would I give you that rank?" the Personnel Accounts
Advisor named Pheros announced.
        "I was also under the impression that you were an advisor, not
a mission organizer.  This mission must be costing the Galaxy Police
accounts hundreds, of thousands of Nuyen," Deevra responded, shoving
the Ambassador to the side to examine this new threat to his position.
 He already disliked the Ambassador, he was Jurai and the Jurai hated
him and his kind.
        Deevra examined this "accountant" as he liked to call him.  He
had always hated long pronouncements of positions of authority and
this man was like a physical manifestation of that stereotype.  He was
a Noctian, a short, red-eyed and gray-skinned creature.  He was young,
even more of a "boy" then Ge'Kahl was.  The man wore a standard Galaxy
police outfit, altered only to include a bandanna and a loop to carry
his accounting computer.  His face was dull and ugly, the skin, smooth
and emotionless.  His face betrayed nothing, no emotion known to man,
however, his eyes did.  The two shining, pupilless red orbs switched
from side to side, looking for some unknown enemy that wasn't there.
        "We can't have that, now can we?  We can't have a simple
Retrieval Specialist outranking us.  This mission is important and we
can't have you screwing it up!" The accountant responded hatefully
while attempting to sound cordial and emotionless.
        "We?!  Us?!  You can't mean that, can you?  This 'ambassador'
isn't even an official member of the Galaxy Police.  He has no rank
with us.  I won't take orders from him!" Deevra snorted, "Bring a real
soldier and I'll gladly follow him."  He gripped his specialized Mark
33' tightly, not taking it out but still carrying it viciously.
        "I am not a non-ranking officer.  I am a member of Galaxy
Police.  I am Admiral Ge'Kahl, in charge of alliance negotiations and
border disputes with the Galactic Assembly.  I have a rank befitting
my status.  Being a GP allows for greater peacefulness between us,"
Ge'Kahl responded snidely.
        "Oh, great, you are an officer.  An Admiral, no less," Deevra
complained.  "Well, Admiral...  I still don't want to watch this
stupid display of egotism.  I have a job to do and a *boy* like you
isn't going to get in my way!" he snorted.
        "*Boy*!" Ge'Kahl snarled with apparent disgust, "How can you
call me a *boy*?"
        "I am two-hundred and fifty years your elder.  That's how."
        "Two-hundred and fif...  That's impossible!  I'm three-hundred
and twenty seven years old..." Ge'Kahl complained.
        "Exactly!  A boy!  Come back to me in a hundred years and
we'll see how mature you are then," Deevra responded matter-of-factly.
        At that point, Ge'Kahl snapped, jumped at Deevra, and grabbed
him by his collar.  He lifted Deevra up by his collar, a full foot
into the air, and stared hatefully up into the Commander's serene face
through ugly green eyes.  Deevra relaxed, slumped his body in the
'boys' grip, just looking down at him.
        "I know, Deevra," Ge'Kahl said in a low tone.  "I know you are
an Illnian slime.  You are a horrible freak of nature, a half-bread.
If you don't do what I say, your 'friends' will find out about you,
blood-letter.  You will lose everything,"
        "I will do nothing of the sort, 'boy'," Deevra responded
loudly, "Now let go of me or my trident will strike deep!" Deevra
said, jabbing a strange blunt tipped object into Ge'Kahl's chest.
        Ge'Kahl looked at the weapon in Deevra's hands, his eyes
widened and he dropped the Commander.  He stared at the device
intently, half filled with fear, half with outrage.
        The object Commander Deevra held was not his specialized Mark
33', though that would have made Ge'Kahl drop the Commander just as
well.  No, it was a strange object, a long slender pole, topped by
three angled devices spread out from the pole an even space apart,
framing a triangle.  But the object was not what worried the
ambassador.  What worried him was the composition, it was covered in
strange, scale-like objects, fit in place perfectly.  The device could
only be made by the Jurai.  Could only be held by a Jurai.  The
thought was infuriating.
        "How did you get that weapon, half-breed?  Only one of the
Jurai holy family can wield a key!" Ge'Kahl screamed.
        "I built it myself, 'boy', I am using it myself.  Why should
you care?" Deevra responded.
        At this point most of the people in the area fled, even Pheros
the accountant.  Those who did not were trampled beneath their fellow
crewmember's feet.  Even they left, getting up slowly and limping away
as fast as they could.
        "I challenge you half-breed.  A duel to the death.  Do you
accept?"
        "I accept," Deevra said, gripping his trident violently, green
sparks erupted from the tri-pods at the end of the pole.  A
cylindrical object, about the length of a knife erupted from them.  He
held the trident out in front of him, in a purely violent fighting
stance.
        "Very well, you will face the wrath of my tr'gahls," Ge'Kahl
shouted, flinging the capes to his side.  It revealed that, strapped
to his thighs, were two glove-like things, made out of the same scales
that Deevra's trident were made out of.  He slipped his hands down
into them, pressed his arms against the leg straps, causing the gloves
to snap easily into place.  He pulled back, releasing them, and
pointed them at Deevra.
        The fingertips on the right gauntlet alit in blue energy, then
launched from the tips, extending to the length of a dagger's blade.
He clenched the gauntlet into a fist and the blades sparked, shifted,
and moved into a new position at the top of his fist.  The blades
merged into one, extended into a blade half the size of the young
ambassador.  He held it tightly, even though there was nothing to hold.
        The second gauntlet looked different than the first, it had a
large amount of spiked scales on its outer side.  The tips sparked,
linking one to another.  When the linkage was complete the entire side
turned a bright blue that expanded into a form of shield.
        "Nice stuff, 'boy'.  You have two weapons.  I thought it was
one per Jurai.  Must mean that you have weaker skills," Deevra mused
aloud.
        "Enough talk, Commander, fight!!!!"
        Ge'Kahl raised his shield as Deevra attacked, his trident
struck the shield, flipping up and over by using the shield as a sort
of high jump post.  He flipped behind and struck at Ge'Kahl's right
gauntlet.  The Admiral dodged, bringing his powerful sword into play
by deflecting the triadic weapon.
        "Not too bad," Deevra mused, "But still childish."
        "Damn you!  I am not a child!" Ge'Kahl screamed striking
violently at Deevra's trident with clenched fists and sword.
        The blade of Ge'Kahl's sword became caught between the smaller
blades of Deevra's trident and the direct and prolonged interaction
caused the two strange weapons to negate each other.  In doing this,
the negation caused an explosion that knocked the two apart.  The two
combatants quickly scrambled to their feet and attacked each other
again.  Deevra calmly and skillfully parried every violent and
maniacal attack Ge'Kahl made.

        After a long period of time had passed, Ge'Kahl finally made a
mistake in his fighting technique, leaving him open to attack by
Deevra.  The Commander attacked, striking the boy's gauntlet.  Sparks
flew and Ge'Kahl's weapons died.  The ambassador slumped to the floor,
giving up.
        "Finish it, Commander," I give up.  You can lead this mission.
 You can say that I was killed by Ryoko.  Pheros will cooperate with
you," Ge'Kahl sputtered, a trickle of light red blood flowing down his
chin.
        Deevra held the trident up, preparing to strike, but halted.
He retracted the blades and holstered it onto his back again.  "No,
sir.  I consider you a fool and a stuck-up bastard, but I do not kill
in cold blood even those whom I despise the most.  I will follow your
orders, no matter how much I detest you.  You proved capable enough to
hold up in combat with me for more than ten minutes.  You have earned
some respect from me even if you have not earned my pride," he said.
        "Why have you given up?  You had me beat," Ge'Kahl asked.
        "Because I am an honorable man.  My superiors have decided to
send you, thus so, I must stay my anger.  You are my superior officer
on this mission.  Despite the fact that you are not superior to me in
any other way.  I will follow whatever you say, no matter how it
angers and outrages me."
        "You are a very strange man, Commander.  Even for an Illnian,"
Ge'Kahl said, wiping the blood from his mouth as he spoke.
        "Thank you," Deevra replied.

Chapter Seven
Who leads who?!

One Month, Two Weeks Ago
(moments have passed)

        Clay sat down on a floating anti-gravitic cushion placed
before the main computer of his new ship, the "Goddess Tokimi".  He
stretched his bulky body, cracked his knuckles and then set to work on
his assignment.  He reached toward the controls and typed at an
astonishingly fast pace along the keyboard for a man with such stubby
fingers.  As he typed, he spoke aloud various instructions.  "Activate
main reactor.  Generate shrapnel field.  Disconnect the umbilical
cables.  Activate the docking thrusters and prepare for departure."
For each command he spoke aloud, a computerized female voice responded
with an "Affirmative".

        After the last commands were finished, a screen appeared
directly before Clay, displaying the docked portion of the ship.  Two
silver spheres rose up, placing themselves beneath his hands.  He
placed his palms on the spheres, which lit up with energy, and he
moved them slowly forward, causing the ship to move forward.

        Outside, the magnificent, organic-looking star-ship known as
the "Goddess Tokimi" disconnected from its perch at the "docks" of
Tokimi's Dimensional Fortress.  It drifted away way-station, which
mysteriously vanished from sight.  Moments later, the ship's long,
rounded supra-light drives activated, shooting forward into the bluish
void of sub-space.  A moment after the ship took off, a beam of bright
green energy taking the shape of a person, zapped, like a flash of
light, after the ship.

        Inside, Clay relaxed on his cushioned seat, enjoying the quiet
of the ship.  His mood was so blissful that it was not even
interrupted by a bodiless voice as it informed him, "We have entered
Supra-light speed, Dr. Clay."  It's soft feminine voice surrounded the
old scientist, comforting him even more than before.
        "Thank you, Belldra," Clay replied, taking a sip of the
strange yellow-green liquid contained within an antique silver goblet.
 "How long until we reach normal space-time?" he asked, his voice calm
and relaxed from the atmosphere of his new ship.  He had it designed
to be very home-like, filled with antiques, statues and furniture of
every conceivable modern and ancient style.
        "It will take approximately three days if we remain at our
current velocity of nine-times light speed," the voice responded
complacently.
        "Very good.  No need to rush," the Doctor said, draining the
goblet.  He studied the cup for a moment, as if pondering the
universe, and then spoke,  "Algorthian wine please, my dear servant,"
he asked, extending a stubby arm to receive his request.
        "Get it yourself, Doctor," an unknown voice spoke.  The
voice's body moved foreword, shoving Clay's hand away and back onto
the cushion.  Clay yelped in surprise, and dropped the goblet, which
clattered along the smooth ebony floor of the Bridge, dripping the
last remains of yellowish wine from its curved interior onto the
elegant black ground.
        Clay gaped in wonder at this arrogant individual who stood
before him.  He stood tall and proud, wearing layered green, white and
black clothing draped around his body like a cloak and tunic.  His
long white hair cascaded down his head and back in a sequence of
random spikes.  He wore a pair of ornamental glasses on his sharp
nose.  They were far to small for his emerald green eyes to see out of
but he wore them anyway.  His face was pale, like death, but smooth
and unmarred, like a statue.  His body radiated a chill, like
indifferent death, which wrapped around Clay, making him shiver.
        "Wh, who are you?" Clay asked, confused many times over by
this man.  How had he gotten on the ship?  Why didn't his defense
fields activate?  How did Clay not notice him?  Why was he here?  The
questions rolled over and over in his ancient brain.
        "Isn't it obvious, Clay.  You asked for me by name but you
have never even seen me before.  You didn't even know what I looked
like.  You based all of your ideas and plans off of half-baked stories
of a man who is said to destroy entire planets.  You might as well
have asked Lady Tokimi for KAIN himself.  At least then you would have
honest information," the man spoke again, his voice low and cracked,
smooth, albeit disquieting.
        "You are Kagato!?" Clay shouted in delight.  "Then Tokimi
wasn't lying.  You are here!  But how did you get...  Never mind. The
rest of my queries do not matter.  I have set everything up for us.
Now here is my plan for how to capture Washu..."
        "What are you speaking of, you fool?  I am not your servant,
you are mine, Doctor," the man known as Kagato replied very violently.
        "But Tokimi said..."
        "Tokimi said that you and I would discuss leadership when we
meet.  There is nothing to discuss.  I shall lead you."
        "But this is my assignment."
        "Yes, this is.  That is not of dispute since I do not work for
Tokimi.  Your assignment is still yours.  However I shall lead you."
        "But my plan..."
        "I shall listen to your plan, Clay," Kagato hissed, "If I like
it, we shall use it.  If I don't, we shall not.  Simplicity reigns."
        "But..."
        "Do you wish to argue with me, Clay?  If so I can assure you I
will not be the loser in the discussion," Kagato said, activating a
sword made of pure green energy.  He held the tip up to Clay as he
spoke.
        "No, Master.  I am yours to follow.  Let me just show you
something," Clay spoke hesitantly, wary of getting his throat anywhere
near to the strange blade.
        "Very well, Clay.  Show me this.  But be warned.  I am no
longer a trickster and do not appreciate them as such," Kagato said,
releasing his sword grip, causing the blade to vanish.
        Clay breathed a sigh of relief and jumped off of the cushion,
he then walked deep into the heart of his Laboratory, through
transport tubes and walkways, all the while Kagato was behind him.
Finally Clay stopped in front of a strange cylinder made of glass and
metal.  The cylinder was connected to dozens of various tubes, wires,
and other devices which served some unknown purpose.
        "What is this, Clay?"
        "Something I tried once before.  But this time I have given it
no memories.  She will do our bidding.  I have need of your energies
though, Kagato.  Will you be willing to sacrifice?"
        "Sacrifice?!  For what, Clay?"
        "For her, Kagato," Clay said, pressing a button on the console
in front of the cylinder, "For her."  The metal slid away to reveal
that, beneath the glass was a young, naked girl with long blue spiked
hair and strange yellow, cat-like eyes.  The girl was floating in a
vat of unknown liquid, no life apparent in her veins.
        Kagato's eyes widened in astonishment at the body layed out
before him. He then turned from his examination, looked directly at
Clay, and spoke, "Just what is this 'thing' for, Clay?  What use is a
duplicate of Ryoko?!  Its lifeless!  It doesn't even have her power!"
        "That's where you come in, my master," Clay replied.
        "How?"
        "Well, you see, this clone is merely an organic shell.  It has
no mind or life of its own.  While its exterior has been made to look
exactly like Ryoko, its interior is totally non-organic.  Inside this
body is a specially modified energy reactor and containment chamber.
It's empty at the moment, however, I was hoping that you would be
willing to use your immense power to charge it's reactor and activate
this marionette."
        "Why would I do that?  It still has no mind, it would have no
idea where Washu is.  What is its purpose?"
        "Why, a lure.  I plan to use this clone as an instrument of
destruction.  It will go around destroying random Galaxy Police ships
and space stations.  The Assembly's Council of Seven will then put out
a warrant on Ryoko's head."
        "We want Washu, not Ryoko.  This serves no purpose, Clay,"
Kagato began angrily, clenching and unclenching his fists.  A ball of
green light appeared in front of the tall man and he swiftly reached
to-ward it with a gloved hand.
        "But, wait, Master," Clay pleaded, dropping to his knees
before the green madman.
        "What is it now?" Kagato asked, pulling his hand away from the
sphere.  "Speak!  Or be gone with you!"
        "It does serve a purpose, Master," Clay started, "While the
Galaxy Police are busy with Ryoko, we can sneak into Washu's
Laboratory and catch her!"
        Kagato paused for a moment, his mouth twisting from a haggard
frown into an evil grin.  "I suppose this will work, Clay.  But we do
it my way.  I would like to damage the Galaxy Police badly.  I know
some specific targets which will confuse them even more and keep them
out of our way.
        Then just as suddenly, he laughed, a shrill evil laugh.  Dr.
Clay laughed along with him.
        [The plan would be put into play,] Clay thought.  [It would be
put to play, and then, Washu and her friends would pay for all that
they have done to me!]
