Chapter Seven
Who leads who?!

One Month, Two Weeks Ago
(moments have passed)

        Clay sat down on a floating anti-gravitic cushion placed
before the main computer of his new ship, the "Goddess Tokimi".  He
stretched his bulky body, cracked his knuckles and then set to work on
his assignment.  He reached toward the controls and typed at an
astonishingly fast pace along the keyboard for a man with such stubby
fingers.  As he typed, he spoke aloud various instructions.  "Activate
main reactor.  Generate shrapnel field.  Disconnect the umbilical
cables.  Activate the docking thrusters and prepare for departure."
For each command he spoke aloud, a computerized female voice responded
with an "Affirmative".

        After the last commands were finished, a screen appeared
directly before Clay, displaying the docked portion of the ship.  Two
silver spheres rose up, placing themselves beneath his hands.  He
placed his palms on the spheres, which lit up with energy, and he
moved them slowly forward, causing the ship to move forward.

        Outside, the magnificent, organic-looking star-ship known as
the "Goddess Tokimi" disconnected from its perch at the "docks" of
Tokimi's Dimensional Fortress.  It drifted away way-station, which
mysteriously vanished from sight.  Moments later, the ship's long,
rounded supra-light drives activated, shooting forward into the bluish
void of sub-space.  A moment after the ship took off, a beam of bright
green energy taking the shape of a person, zapped, like a flash of
light, after the ship.

        Inside, Clay relaxed on his cushioned seat, enjoying the quiet
of the ship.  His mood was so blissful that it was not even
interrupted by a bodiless voice as it informed him, "We have entered
Supra-light speed, Dr. Clay."  It's soft feminine voice surrounded the
old scientist, comforting him even more than before.
        "Thank you, Belldra," Clay replied, taking a sip of the
strange yellow-green liquid contained within an antique silver goblet.
 "How long until we reach normal space-time?" he asked, his voice calm
and relaxed from the atmosphere of his new ship.  He had it designed
to be very home-like, filled with antiques, statues and furniture of
every conceivable modern and ancient style.
        "It will take approximately three days if we remain at our
current velocity of nine-times light speed," the voice responded
complacently.
        "Very good.  No need to rush," the Doctor said, draining the
goblet.  He studied the cup for a moment, as if pondering the
universe, and then spoke,  "Algorthian wine please, my dear servant,"
he asked, extending a stubby arm to receive his request.
        "Get it yourself, Doctor," an unknown voice spoke.  The
voice's body moved foreword, shoving Clay's hand away and back onto
the cushion.  Clay yelped in surprise, and dropped the goblet, which
clattered along the smooth ebony floor of the Bridge, dripping the
last remains of yellowish wine from its curved interior onto the
elegant black ground.
        Clay gaped in wonder at this arrogant individual who stood
before him.  He stood tall and proud, wearing layered green, white and
black clothing draped around his body like a cloak and tunic.  His
long white hair cascaded down his head and back in a sequence of
random spikes.  He wore a pair of ornamental glasses on his sharp
nose.  They were far to small for his emerald green eyes to see out of
but he wore them anyway.  His face was pale, like death, but smooth
and unmarred, like a statue.  His body radiated a chill, like
indifferent death, which wrapped around Clay, making him shiver.
        "Wh, who are you?" Clay asked, confused many times over by
this man.  How had he gotten on the ship?  Why didn't his defense
fields activate?  How did Clay not notice him?  Why was he here?  The
questions rolled over and over in his ancient brain.
        "Isn't it obvious, Clay.  You asked for me by name but you
have never even seen me before.  You didn't even know what I looked
like.  You based all of your ideas and plans off of half-baked stories
of a man who is said to destroy entire planets.  You might as well
have asked Lady Tokimi for KAIN himself.  At least then you would have
honest information," the man spoke again, his voice low and cracked,
smooth, albeit disquieting.
        "You are Kagato!?" Clay shouted in delight.  "Then Tokimi
wasn't lying.  You are here!  But how did you get...  Never mind. The
rest of my queries do not matter.  I have set everything up for us.
Now here is my plan for how to capture Washu..."
        "What are you speaking of, you fool?  I am not your servant,
you are mine, Doctor," the man known as Kagato replied very violently.
        "But Tokimi said..."
        "Tokimi said that you and I would discuss leadership when we
meet.  There is nothing to discuss.  I shall lead you."
        "But this is my assignment."
        "Yes, this is.  That is not of dispute since I do not work for
Tokimi.  Your assignment is still yours.  However I shall lead you."
        "But my plan..."
        "I shall listen to your plan, Clay," Kagato hissed, "If I like
it, we shall use it.  If I don't, we shall not.  Simplicity reigns."
        "But..."
        "Do you wish to argue with me, Clay?  If so I can assure you I
will not be the loser in the discussion," Kagato said, activating a
sword made of pure green energy.  He held the tip up to Clay as he
spoke.
        "No, Master.  I am yours to follow.  Let me just show you
something," Clay spoke hesitantly, wary of getting his throat anywhere
near to the strange blade.
        "Very well, Clay.  Show me this.  But be warned.  I am no
longer a trickster and do not appreciate them as such," Kagato said,
releasing his sword grip, causing the blade to vanish.
        Clay breathed a sigh of relief and jumped off of the cushion,
he then walked deep into the heart of his Laboratory, through
transport tubes and walkways, all the while Kagato was behind him.
Finally Clay stopped in front of a strange cylinder made of glass and
metal.  The cylinder was connected to dozens of various tubes, wires,
and other devices which served some unknown purpose.
        "What is this, Clay?"
        "Something I tried once before.  But this time I have given it
no memories.  She will do our bidding.  I have need of your energies
though, Kagato.  Will you be willing to sacrifice?"
        "Sacrifice?!  For what, Clay?"
        "For her, Kagato," Clay said, pressing a button on the console
in front of the cylinder, "For her."  The metal slid away to reveal
that, beneath the glass was a young, naked girl with long blue spiked
hair and strange yellow, cat-like eyes.  The girl was floating in a
vat of unknown liquid, no life apparent in her veins.
        Kagato's eyes widened in astonishment at the body layed out
before him. He then turned from his examination, looked directly at
Clay, and spoke, "Just what is this 'thing' for, Clay?  What use is a
duplicate of Ryoko?!  Its lifeless!  It doesn't even have her power!"
        "That's where you come in, my master," Clay replied.
        "How?"
        "Well, you see, this clone is merely an organic shell.  It has
no mind or life of its own.  While its exterior has been made to look
exactly like Ryoko, its interior is totally non-organic.  Inside this
body is a specially modified energy reactor and containment chamber.
It's empty at the moment, however, I was hoping that you would be
willing to use your immense power to charge it's reactor and activate
this marionette."
        "Why would I do that?  It still has no mind, it would have no
idea where Washu is.  What is its purpose?"
        "Why, a lure.  I plan to use this clone as an instrument of
destruction.  It will go around destroying random Galaxy Police ships
and space stations.  The Assembly's Council of Seven will then put out
a warrant on Ryoko's head."
        "We want Washu, not Ryoko.  This serves no purpose, Clay,"
Kagato began angrily, clenching and unclenching his fists.  A ball of
green light appeared in front of the tall man and he swiftly reached
to-ward it with a gloved hand.
        "But, wait, Master," Clay pleaded, dropping to his knees
before the green madman.
        "What is it now?" Kagato asked, pulling his hand away from the
sphere.  "Speak!  Or be gone with you!"
        "It does serve a purpose, Master," Clay started, "While the
Galaxy Police are busy with Ryoko, we can sneak into Washu's
Laboratory and catch her!"
        Kagato paused for a moment, his mouth twisting from a haggard
frown into an evil grin.  "I suppose this will work, Clay.  But we do
it my way.  I would like to damage the Galaxy Police badly.  I know
some specific targets which will confuse them even more and keep them
out of our way.
        Then just as suddenly, he laughed, a shrill evil laugh.  Dr.
Clay laughed along with him.
        [The plan would be put into play,] Clay thought.  [It would be
put to play, and then, Washu and her friends would pay for all that
they have done to me!]