Chapter Eight
Love/Hate Relationship

Present Time

        "Well, you saved my life, big deal.  What did you call me out
here for?" Ryoko asked, staring at the strange red haired boy in front
of her.
        "Just to talk," the boy said.  "I want to get to know you,
Ryoko."
        "Yeah, whatever," Ryoko said, staring at the boy with disgust.
 "Well, what's your name anyway?"
        "Mmmyyy nnname?  Why iiit's Naotaki.  Naotaki Hakubi," the boy
said, obviously surprised.
        "Naotaki, huh.  Well, Naotaki, you didn't have to save my
life, you know.  I can take care of myself just fine," Ryoko spat, her
yellow eyes stared hard at Naotaki, like daggers through his soul.
        "I know.  I just couldn't help myself.  The moment I saw you,
I felt like I had to defend you.  I just couldn't bear to see beauty
like yours ruined," Naotaki said, his face flushed and his hands
clenched into fists as he spoke.
        "Whatever.  Have you seen Tenchi anywhere?  I've been trying
to find him ever since that little Kiyone 'incident'."
        "No, I have not seen Master Tenchi.  Why do you wish to see
him now?"
        "Why?  What's with you?" Ryoko asked, one eye slitted as she
stared at the boy in confusion.  She quickly resumed her natural,
care-free demeanor and responded, "Well, if you must know, Tenchi is
the love of my life!"
        "What?!  Another man?!  Ryoko, how could you?" the boy known
as Naotaki said. His head drooped low and then shot up, tears streamed
from the side of his face.
        "What do you mean, 'another man'?  We've just met!" Ryoko
shouted, anger and confusion running wild through her veins.
        "You can't mean that, Love.  I have known you for so long
now," Naotaki replied, his voice pleading.
        "You can't have known me for a long time.  Washu just recently
rebuilt you from a couple of cells off a dead body and grew you out of
a petri dish," Ryoko stated, a vicious smirk on her face.
        "I don't know what you're talking about.  I love you,"
        "You're delusioned.  Washu must have messed with your mind.
Take this!" Ryoko screamed, throwing a ball of energy that had just
appeared at Naotaki.  Naotaki stepped backwards, almost in fear, then
he stood straight and proud.  The energy ball spattered about a foot
from Naotaki, spreading along a curved surface.  The energy of the
ball dissipated along the surface and then there was nothing again.
        "How did you do that?" Ryoko asked, bewildered.
        "I am like you now.  Washu made me that way so that we could
be together forever!"
        "Get away!" Ryoko screamed, lashing out at the operative.
Naotaki grabbed  the wrist gently and held it in the air.
        "But, my love," Naotaki started, tears streaming down his
face.  "I do not wish to..." he was cut off as Ryoko's left fist
struck him squarely in the jaw.  The force of Ryoko's assault caused
his entire body to be launched from the ground, landing at least
twenty meters away from her.
        Ryoko wavered, vanishing from her current position and
reappearing next to Naotaki's unconscious form.  "Don't give me that,
'my love' crap!  I only love Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed at him, even
though he was unable to hear any of it, his crumpled form dug into the
ground by Ryoko's impact.  "You're nothing to me!  Washu reprogrammed
you!  You idiot!"  She kicked at a chunk of dirt, launching it at the
operative's face, smudging the pale face with blackened soil.

        A few minutes after Ryoko had left, Naotaki regained
consciousness. "Ungh.  Ryoko, why did you?" Naotaki said, rubbing his
head as he looked around.  "Ryoko?!" Naotakoi jumped to his feet
quickly, showing agility that a recently unconscious person should
never have been able to show.  "How dare you leave after initiating a
mating ritual.  Maybe Washu knows why she did that," he said; and
vanished, as if he'd never been there.

       "Geeze, to think he's fallen in love with me!  He threatened my
life once and his egotism got him killed by KAIN! What could have
possessed Washu to do this to him?" Ryoko said to herself
reassuringly.  "I feel sorry for him actually," she stated, flying off
towards the Masaki Home and Washu's Sub-Space Lab.

        As Ryoko neared the house she landed quietly and phased into
the door.  She waited there for a while, not knowing what to do when
Naotaki appeared.  He walked up to the door and opened it, pulling it
through Ryoko's phased body.  Naotaki stood there for a moment,
shocked.  And then he suddenly shot out a fist at her.
        "Umph!" Ryoko shouted as she was knocked to the cold concrete
porch.
        Ryoko quickly returned to her feet and charged her energy
lance to strike back at the operative.  Naotaki jumped back, taking a
defensive as he armed his mini gun, which he had hidden in a small
bracelet on his right wrist.  With a flick of the wrist it switched
up, forming a strangely shaped grip.  He pressed down on a recessed
indentation on the grip and a burst of black energy shot from the tip.
He held it straight, preparing for the attack.
        "You *are* as stupid as you look!" Ryoko shouted.  "...But how
did you hit me?  I was phased," Ryoko wondered aloud, "What are you?"
        "Not a chance, Ryoko.  Diiieee!" Naotaki shouted, his entire
body shot up with adrenaline.  He pounced, slashing the blade through
Ryoko when an opening appeared in her defense.  The blade struck home,
striking across her left breast, cutting deep.  When Naotaki realized
what he had done he pulled the blade back, and began to weep.
        "Stop that, you idiot!" Ryoko shouted, knocking Naotaki across
the side of the head.  He flew to the side, striking the ground
heavily.  He looked up at her and his mouth dropped.  The area where
his blade struck had simply sealed up. The cloth, however, was still
cut, the frayed nylon had been sealed to the skin in areas where the
energy blade struck. The skin simply broke away and formed new flesh
to replace it.
        "What happened?" Naotaki wondered aloud, not realizing he had
just spoke.
        "I'm not human, you idiot!" Ryoko said, taking advantage of
Naotaki's dazzlement by jabbing her own energy lance through his
heart.  He spat blood as he screamed from the shear pain, not of the
wound, but of the plasma sealing his wounds and burning new ones
through his entire circulatory system.
        Ryoko waited for a minute, and then, when the operative
stopped moving, she unclenched her hand and the lance vanished.  She
kicked the body and Naotaki twitched, she punched him in the face and
his entire jaw split off, revealing the bloodied fur-covered true-face
underneath.
        Ryoko gasped.  Then, as she calmed, she reached down to grab
the false skin.  As she gripped the very human-like substance that
composed his artificial face, Naotaki reached up and grabbed her arm
with his right hand.  She screamed and her left hand clenched around a
ball of energy that had just appeared.  Her lance formed and she
sliced, cleaving Naotaki's hand from his wrist.
        Naotaki stared at the bloodied stump where his hand was once
linked to, the shredded skin was ripped and falling away in pieces
from it, revealing that it, also, was artificial.  The true fur on his
wrist was brown and damp with ichor pumping from the wound that was
his wrist.  He made no noise, though he was still breathing.  His
chest moved up and down, raggedly attempted to bring in haggard,
life-giving breaths.
        Ryoko looked down at the area on the Operative that she had
impaled, and her eyes widened, pupils thinned, in awe of what was
happening.  The wound was gone.  It was filled over with a huge,
bloody scar that even it, was vanishing before her very eyes.  The
skin reformed and new fur sprouted to repair the damage.  Even the
blood was being drawn back into the wounds, assisting with the process
of sealing and healing the damage.
        Ryoko looked at Naotaki's wrist and found that it too, was
healing.  New skin was forming from the flesh, sealing over the wound
in a stump.  She saw the artificial skin around his wrist just peal
away and flake off as the furry flesh covered over it.
        There was something familiar looking about this situation...  Then,
it struck her.  This was the exact same thing that happened to her
when she was wounded that badly.  The shocking revelation overwhelmed
her.  She was looking at herself in the mirror and what she saw scared
her.

        A short time after Ryoko left, Tenchi, Sasami, and Ayeka returned
after harvesting carrots for a very content Ryo-Ohki.  When they
opened the front door to the house, they stopped in their tracks in
shock by the sight of Washu leaning over an unconscious young man,
examining him.
        This was shocking enough, but the condition the man was in made
things worse.  His clothing was in tatters, and so was his skin.  His
face was brown and furry; looking somewhat dog-like, as were a few
patches along his unconscious form and a stumped wrist was covered in
it.  The majority of him, however, was covered in normal looking skin.
 There was even a tattered bunch of flesh next to his face that was in
itself another face, not to mention the severed hand lying a few
meters away.  This shocked the three into silence and Ayeka attempted
unsuccessfully to cover her little sister's eyes.
        Tenchi was the first to recover, realizing that the man was not dead,
merely unconscious.  He walked right up to Washu, and somewhat angrily
asked, "What are you doing now, Washu?" he asked, lifting a fist to
the young scientist's form.  "And who is this?  Another one of your
experiments?"
        Washu just straightened up, turned around to look Tenchi in the face
and replied:  "Why yes.  I'm glad you like him.  He's my newest
creation.  Naotaki Hakubi, the most advanced model in cloning to
date," she announced, as if she was selling a new product.
        "A clone?" Ayeka asked.  "Cloned from who, Mrs. Washu?"
        "Why, cloned from that Galaxy Police Operative who died during that
KAIN incident on the Tokyo Tower.  I've named him Naotaki," Washu
cheerfully said.
        "Who?" Sasami asked in her traditionally innocent way as she fed
Ryo-Ohki a carrot.
        "You never got the chance to meet him, Sasami.  He was a very rude
young man who got himself very badly hurt," Ayeka replied to her
little sister's query.
        "Ohhh," Sasami answered meekly.
        "That doesn't matter.  What does is why you did it," Tenchi angrily
spoke.  "It's bad enough that you create other dimensions all over the
house, but now you're making people."
        "What's your point?" Washu asked.
        "What's my point?!  My point is we can't afford..." Tenchi began.
        "Look!  He's waking up!" Sasami pointed out.  Everyone turned and
stared...