Legal Disclaimer:  Well, I don't own any of the characters AIC and Pioneer 
do.
That's obvious.  I do own the two terrans in this story.  They are mine.  If
you can't tell the difference...go watch Tenchi Muyo!  Please do not sue me...
what little vapor cash I do have needs to go towards college that I just
started, and it's really not worth your while to sue me, since I'm not worth
dirt.  I really don't mind you usage of this story for whatever...just make
sure you give credit where it is due.  (Namely me.)  And notifying me about
that would be good too.

Some quick fore thoughts: this isn't an official name, but I needed to name the
big eel like creature in episode 10 that Washu works next to.  It's a Sviundiole
Japicusic.  Please don't ask me for the Kingdom, Phyla, Class, order, or family.
I'm lucky I could even find (^_-) the genes and species.

other note:  This takes place with out Daughter of Darkness (Manatsu no Eve) ever
happening.  Please do not ask for Mayuka or Kiyone to show up (sorry...and don't
think i'm snubbing them meanfully...actually, Kiyone is one of the more favored
liking wise in my head)


Changing Agreements: A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic
Prologue: Opening Argument

I froze in fear.  I've seen a lot of things in my existence.  I've seen life
forms been made from others, inventions more infinite than the cosmos 
themselves,
and everything in-between and never been scared before.  Now, I am scared.  
The
evil I saw, let alone felt, from this man that had just walked in, could 
freeze
even the giver of all life's heart.  The deep blood red crystal in his 
forehead
shone with an eerie inner light that just added another element of death to 
his
presence.   I watched as he slipped in and out of the shadows of the light.
His black cloak may conceal his presence, but it more than revealed his 
psyche.
I thought hard about how to ring without the dark one finding out.  Surely, 
he
would hear me if I just rang a peep and then he would decimate me.  
But...that
would stop him from whatever he was trying to do, right?  But that would 
prevent
Mom from getting the video that was enclosed in my circuits.  What was he 
trying
to do, anyway?  He was looming around that new man she had brought in the 
other
day.  She had added 'Ryoko's father' to him.  I almost giggled at the police
woman's airheadedness, but remembered I would shake, and therefore ring, and
then I wouldn't be around anymore.  I sighed.

-------

D3 smiled under his dark cape that hid his presence from more than just the
shadows of Washu's lab.  He grinned as he thoroughly checked the last 
quadrant
he had to pass through of the former goddess' lair.  His cape would shield 
him
from all known scans, but with Washu, you had to be careful.  What amazed 
him
was that all she had for security to this point, and he presumed the entire 
the
lab, was the small, insignificant crab bell that he silenced with just a 
look.
Her overconfidence and arrogance made her stupid.  She may be the most
scientific genius, but when it came to common sense, she scored a big goose 
egg.
Not that he minded, it made the plan all that much easier to execute.  He
grinned.  'Who'd have thought that another terran would be the pebble that
started the landslide.'  Tokimi's top advisor crept over to the table, 
surrounded
by hundreds of instruments, many of which were connected to the terran on 
the
table.  With ease, D3 removed the probes and other data collecting devices, 
and
picked up the subject, slinging the mass-filled terran over his shoulder.  
D3's
cloak surrounded the subject, as he stealthily moved back to the door, 
throwing
another glare at the crab bell.  He shut the door and vanished, with the
subject.

----------

He picked up the man.  What's so important about this terran that has the 
dark
one and Mom so interested in him?  Now he's heading back here.  I'm guessing 
he's
leaving.  I better move or I might ring before he finishes leaving, and then 
he'd
destroy me.  He gives me the creeps.  I wonder what made him so evil?  He's 
gone.
Finally.  Alright, time to get Mom's attention.  I ring my heart as loud as 
I
ever had before in my entire life.

*******

Washu woke up to the sound of her crab bell ringing really loudly.

"Ow...damn whoever is getting in my lab.  I'll show them!"  Washu jumped out
of bed and created her usual outfit.  She vanished without a sound.  She hid
behind the aquarium of the Sviundiole Japicusic.  As she peered around the 
tank,
she blinked twice and looked again.  Nothing.  She quickly opened her 
holotop
and ran a full scan on her lab.  Nothing.  She stared at the door again.  
She
walked up to the crab bell and plugged into its visual memory banks.  She 
stared
incredulously as she saw a white skinned, white haired man with a red 
crystal
imbedded in his forehead steal her latest experiment, one that would test 
her
skills at personality programming and be socially redeeming at the same 
time.
She'd already had added the masses, then went to bed.  She was going to get
up, rewrite his personality, and then set him free in the universe.  No harm
would be done.  Probably would be a cop in the end anyway, or some heroic
figure.  Now he had vanished, completely.  She punched the nearest tank.
She'd have to remember to update the bell and make sure it could ring in her
room while no one else could here it.  She sighed heavily and went to work.  
She
had a lot to do.

-----------

Six month's later...

Whoo hoo!  She's here!!  She may be two times the height of her counterpart, 
but
she is that same joyous person who always runs in here with Sis, even though 
Sis
doesn't know I call her that.  And I never get to try and say hi, until way 
late,
because she doesn't have to open the full door, just that little one that's 
part
of it.  Oh well.  I looked up and saw what they were doing.  They seem 
solemn,
Mom and the life lady.  Uh oh, I hope nothing is wrong...

-----------

"Excuse the saying, but Goddamn it Tsunami, stop it!  Everything will be 
fine!
You took six months too long anyway just to make sure.  Sometimes I wish I 
hadn't
asked for your help, but you're the only being I know that can analyze every
part of a person, including a soul, even if you aren't that good at it."

"I'm sorry, Washu, but neither of us know what happened to the other terran
disappeared with D3.  It makes me wonder what Tokimi is up to."  Tsunami
responded empathetically.  Washu sighed.  The goddess was right.  They had 
to
make sure that they were extra careful where that 'Tokimi' character was
involved.  Washu wished she remembered anything about the being, other than 
what
that pedo-bastard Clay had said.  The tree of Jurai placed her hand on 
Washu's
shoulder for reassurance to her once and still elder sister.  Washu went 
back
to monitoring the terran in front of them.  The masses assimilated with him,
altering his structure and how he looked.  Washu nodded to Tsunami, who 
smiled
serenely at the genius' work.  As the process subsided, Washu started 
altering
his memory, placing a sleeper on his powers that said that they were not to 
be
used until he was in a dire situation, rather than changing his personality 
as
she set out to do with the first subject.

"Alright, your deal Tsunami."  Tsunami nodded and placed a energy disguise 
over
his body, similar to the one that Yosho used.  This one was layered over his 
body
and the battlesuit that Washu had given the boy.  No one on this planet 
would be
able to tell the difference, including the boy himself.  Washu nodded, 
changed
him into his street clothes and brought him back to the place that they had
taken in from, via her Chrono-Metric Regulator.

-----------
-----------

Kale's notes:  Umm....right.  For those who I might've lost, that first 
being
and the parts I wrote in first person, were from the perspective from 
Washu's
crab bell.  You know that cute little thing that's on her door when you 
first
enter the lab.  Right, that thing.  And it's 'sister' was Ryo-ohki, and the
girl who chases her is Sasami (I think that was obvious...but just in case, 
it's
here...)  Well...I think this came out about 100 times better.  And I like 
it a
lot more.  My deepest thanks to Evil Pii, Little Ryoko and her gang of 
hooligans,
Shale and Literary Eagle, and the AFC.  Oh, yeah, I'm begging and pleading 
for
comments and criticism.    It really would mean a lot to me.

Next Chapter:  Activation.  Rivalries flare and blood calls.  Dark pasts
revealed and pains revisited.  Oh yeah, by the way, if you are thinking that
the usual suspects for these are involved, well, it is definitely not in the 
way
you are suspecting.  Happy Reading.

(c) Text Copyright Kale 2000
Characters not mine are owned Pioneer and AIC
Thank you ^_^
