TM DISCLAIMER: We don't happen to own any and all
characters that AIC and Pioneer own.  If you don't 
happen to know what characters we *do* own, then 
you shouldn't bother reading any farther.  Please 
don't sue us, since neither of us has any cash.  
Oh yeah, don't use any of our characters without
our consent!!  

Changing Agreements: A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic
Chapter Three: Reclaiming Property




"Hmm, only three AM, and everything is all set up. . ." Adam mumbled to 
himself, half asleep. "I thought I was going to have to work all night with
my final preparations. . ." He then collapsed into the keyboard and woke up
again with a start. "I suppose I *should* get some sleep before I try to
drive out there." He stated groggily. "Two hours should do it. . . just one
last check. . . lab coat, dress shirt, tie, black pants, pocket protector,
red marker, black pen, wallet, money, and the fake ID's are all good, credit
cards, driver's license, gate pass, base ID card for a new lab tech, it all
looks good, time to get a little sleep." With that Adam slid out of the
computer chair and into his bed  and set his alarm to five AM then quickly
went to sleep.

Two hours later Adam woke up to the buzzing of his alarm clock, and knocked 
it around until it stopped buzzing. "The things I go through to help out a
friend. . ." He muttered.  "Hacking computers, making a false identity to get
into the lab, getting up early to get there on time. . ." Adam trudged off to
shower and get ready to leave for the lab, which was two hours away by car
and he had to be there by eight. Adam quickly showered and had a couple cups
of hot green tea.  He then dressed in his lab tech outfit he had made for
himself, jumped into his car and drove off towards the lab muttering about
how early in the morning it was and if Brendan wasn't in trouble he'd be
sure to hurt him.

After a long and thankfully uneventful drive Adam pulled up to the lab and 
pulled out his gate pass swiping it through the first gate while praying to
himself that it would work. After a few seconds, the light blinked green and
the gate raised, then Adam drove through the compound to the inner gate that
was around the lab Brendan was in. "Now to see just how good of a con artist
I am" muttered Adam as he pulled up to the gate to talk to the guard.

"Hey there, haven't seen you around before." The guard seemed friendly and 
happy holding his cup of coffee and smiling at Adam. "You new here or just a
shift change? They've been changing everyone around lately and confusing all
the guards."

"I'm new, they transferred me over from an internship over by MIT from when
I was in college," Adam calmed down a little as the guard started to take out
his list and looking for the page of new personnel. "I'm Simon Bolivar, I
should be listed as a lab tech."

"Alright, there you are," the guard jotted down the time next to Adam's
assumed name. "Can I see your driver's license and your ID card?" He asked.
"They should have sent it to you."

Adam slowly reached into his pocket and slid out his wallet, then picked
out the two cards and handed them over to the guard. Adam inwardly panicked
as the guard started meticuosly checking over his fake license and ID.
Despite his upturned stomach, Adam calmly asked "Everything in order sir?"
Tthe guard perusing ended just as he began to speak.

"No need to call me sir, just Bob is fine, and everything looks good here so
you're free to go in now. The guard took his gate key and pressed the button
to raise the gate, "good luck on your first day."

"Thank you, see you tomorrow then." Adam smiled and waved, then drove through
the gate into his assigned parking space and headed into the lab. 'Well now
that I'm in it's time for the fun part, taking over a full mainframe computer
system without getting caught' thought Adam 'but at least the part where I
have to deal with anyone who would think I don't belong is over with. . .' 

*****

"Dammit Washu, you made us wait an entire week while you got the plans to
that base then worked out exactly how to attack the base and now your saying
that your plan won't work!" Ryoko screamed at Washu, while aboard Ryo-Ohki
along with Tenchi, Mihoshi, Yosho and Ayeka. "I thought you *ALWAYS* planned
for the worst!"

"Well I do," returned Washu, trying to keep her composure, "and it's not that
it is not going to work, it's just that this is going to be a lot easier than
I thought. One of the subject's friends seems to be a expert with terran
electronics and he already is inside the base trying to get our target out of
there. With any luck we can just attack as soon as he takes down the shielding
system and grab him and the subject."

"Little Washu?" Asked Tenchi quietly.

"Yes Tenchi?"

"Can you please tell us the 'subject's' name? It's odd having you keep
calling him 'the subject' "

"Ahh, yes. . ." Washu quickly checked something on her pseudo-computer. "His
name is Brendan, and the one who got himself inside the lab is named Adam"

"And just why did it take a week for you to get an attack plan anyway Mi. . .
err. . . Little Washu?" Asked Ayeka "You usually are very quick about this
kind of thing."

"Well, their security system is designed to counteract Brendan's powers, which
are based on the same section of the energy spectrum as Ryoko's gem and as
Jurai's energies and since Tenchi's can't readily use the Light Hawk wings we
couldn't count on them. However, after that, the guards are lightly armed and
any one of you- even bubble head," Washu Motioned towards Mihoshi, "could deal
with the guards and get out with Brendan."

"So what *IS* your plan to get in then?" Asked Ryoko.

"Simple," stated Washu. "We use Ryo-Ohki's weapons suite that I reconfigured
to work on the shield, that's what took me a week. . ." Washu jumped into the
air, "I am such a genius, nothing can hold me back for long!"

*****

"That was easy enough. . ." Adam was talking to himself again. "Who would
have thought, once you got to a terminal you could access the entire security
camera grid. . then hacking the door locks was really easy compared to that
satellite bounce hacking job I did to get remote access. . ." He paused. "Now
to lock all the doors and cut off power to every other computer in the lab."
Adam typed in a couple commands and the system replied, "Now to make it accept
my access key." Another couple commands, "Now the hard part, getting it to
turn down the containment field around Brendan. . ." Adam typed in a few
frantic commands then sighed in relief as the power bar for the shield went
down. "Now to arrange for safe passage..." Adam triggered the fire alarms in
the corridors between him and where Brendan was being kept, waited long enough
to make sure everyone was out of those halls then sealed it off and headed out.

Adam looked over the unconscious Brendan trying to see exactly how to trigger 
the release on the very solid looking mechanical restraint system that he was 
clamped into. He then spotted a small keycard slot at the entrance to the
room, and seeing no better option pried off the faceplate with his pen, then
pried out the two like wires and touched them together, then twisted around
as he heard the restraint system unlocking and dumping Brendan rather
unceremoniously on the ground, jouncing him back to consciousness.

Brendan looked around, dazed and very confused as to what was going on,
"Adam, is that you?"

"Yeah, you wouldn't believe how much work it took me to get here in order to
help you out of here," returned Adam. "Now can you do any of that flying and
blowing stuff up? or will I have to get us out of here too?"

"Well last time I tried any of that in here I got a really nasty jolt. . ."
Brendan trailed off remembering just how much it had hurt.

"Yeah, yeah, I solved that much already. . ." Adam was cut off by a very loud 
rumbling followed by a series of explosions that sounded very close. "Oh, 
dammit, what's going on now?!"

"I don't know, but I'm getting outside to find out." 

With that Brendan flew off through the ceiling and into the skies above--
straight towards a large flying crystal of some sort. Not seeing the large
crystal since he was looking towards the ground, believing the origin of the
sound was there, he squarely hit the crystal.  In turn it knocked him away
from the lab, into the surrounding woods and thus knocking him unconscious 
again. The crystal then smashed into the lab through the ceiling right into
the chamber Brendan had just left and Washu, Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Yosho and
Mihoshi all jumped out ready to fight whatever guards were holding Brendan
only to see a lone Lab Tech staring at them rather incredulously.

"I knew drinking that much tea to stay awake was a bad idea. . ." muttered 
Adam to himself as he saw real life versions of the characters from Tenchi
Muyo get out of a giant crystal. "Now I'm seeing things. . . I *hope* I'm
seeing things anyway."

"Alright, what happened to the prisoner?" asked Washu as she quickly assessed 
the situation, thinking he had been taken to a different section of the lab
for some kind of analysis.

"Umm, well, you see Little Washu." Started Adam nervously, "he flew out and you
fell through the roof at about the same time. . ."

Everyone including Washu jumped and stared at Adam, "and just how do you know
my name? I don't remember meeting you. . ."

"Oh, yes, sorry," started Adam again, getting more flustered. "I'm Adam, one
of Brendan's friends, and I came to get him out of here. . ." He explained.
"Right after he was awake and released from the restraint mechanism, we heard
some rumbling and explosions, presumably you, then he flew off and you came
crashing through the roof at about the same time. . ."

"So you managed to get in here, get to Brendan, get past all the security, 
*and* you were the one who I traced accessing the lab from a remote
connection? You know, you're very good for a terran."

Adam blushed slightly. "Thanks Little Washu, but can we please find Brendan
now? He should have come back if you were the reason for the explosions. . ."

Ryoko glared at Washu, "How is it that he got in here without any problems
and we took longer to get everything set up-- when we have the *number one*
genius in the universe with us?!"

"Well. . . I don't know exactly, but we should take him along since he knows 
Brendan better than we do. . ."

"Wait just a second," interjected Adam. "Exactly why are you after Brendan 
anyway?"

"No time for that now, come on, I'll explain aboard Ryo-Ohki." With that
Washu grabbed Adam by the arm and dragged him into the crystal as everyone
else got in. Then the crystal began to ascend to Ryo-Ohki. . .



Kale's Notes:  As another one bites the dust, school is rising itself from
               the ashes, as well as my increasing difficulty to unfortunately
               get to the internet (I haven't been able to get on for the past
               five days ^_^;;;;).  But oh well, that's the evilness of AOL.
               Again, much thanks to my Shale, Lesell, Literary Eagle, Jaugron,
               and Evil Pii and I suggest that you check out there fics, places
               around Gensao's website.  As always, I need your C&C!!  I don't
               know if people actually like what I'm writing or think I suck
               unless you tell me!  So PLEASE let me know!!  =c)  Hope to hear
               from ya...

Shale's Notes: Thanks to my not seeing Kale most of the summer and his
               inability to get online of late, due to an appliance making
               static on the line as was figured out later, I finally got a
               a pile of stuff to be converted to standared ascii, and a pile
               of stuff to read edit and comment on. . . well not all that
               much just two chapters to get into good form of ascii, this is
               the second, and three to start editing and adding to. . .
