I receive nothing from this, save delight in crafting something that may give 
someone some pleasure to read. That is my only wish.

Kyokki 


A Chance Twice Taken

	She sat staring at her hands, folded in her lap. "I am leaving," she said, 
as she watched her tears make tiny spots on the fabric of her kimono.
	Ryoko stared at her, incredulous. "What do you mean, leaving?" The former 
space pirate looked at the desolate princess through narrowed eyes. "Does this 
mean you're giving up?"  
	Ayeka's head came up suddenly, and Ryoko could see a fire behind her ruby 
eyes, instantly quelled. The princess sighed and stood up, pacing about the tiny 
room that she shared with Sasami. Ryoko sat on the floor watching her. 
	The princess's hands fluttered over the sparse furnishings as she walked, 
betraying her nervousness. "I simply can't bear it any longer, the not knowing," 
she paused with her hand on the windowsill, peering in the direction of the 
carrot fields. "It has been four years, Ryoko, and he still has not shown any 
inclination to either of us. I am needed on Jurai..." She glanced at Ryoko with 
a small, bitter smile on her face. "Our people are growing restive...waiting for 
me to marry and ensure the succession." 
	"But..." Ryoko couldn't believe she was saying this, "why don't you ask 
Tenchi?"
	Ayeka's eyes widened to match Ryoko's. "I cannot believe you actually said 
that, Ryoko." But then she smiled. "Thank you."
	Ryoko tossed her head, smoothing her hair needlessly. "Don't let it go to 
your head, Princess."
	"Don't worry, I won't." Ayeka laughed shortly. She sobered quickly, 
however, and continued her slow tread around the room. "I will be leaving soon," 
she said sadly, as she reached the door. She quietly slid it open and stood 
there for a moment, her head bowed. "I hope, you and Tenchi are happy together." 
She said in a rush as she darted out. The door slid shut behind her. 
	Ryoko stared at the closed door for a moment, then phased up till she came 
to perch on the apex of the roof. The sun was setting as she assumed her seat, 
but she did not notice. She did not notice the brilliant clouds, or the 
stillness of the evening. She did not notice the sweet smelling breeze that 
brushed across her spiky hair.
	But her eyes looked beyond them, focusing on one distant point, unseen. 
She was looking towards the fields that provided her cabbit sustenance, and the 
boy she knew would be toiling in them. Tenchi, the one who had freed her. 
	She sat cross-legged with her chin propped in the palm of her hand. 
Staring sightlessly out at the valley, she unconsciously scanned the scenery. 
Her eyes were pensive as she sighed and stretched, lying back against the roof 
tiles. Her feline pupils went to the heavens as she thought.
	Ayeka leaving, it was almost impossible to think. As much as she fought 
with the princess, exchanging insults and, occasionally, blows, Ayeka had become 
an integral part of her new life. It was confusing, why was she giving up? Why, 
after all these years, and all these fights over Tenchi and a host of other 
things, was she throwing it all away? It was something Ryoko could not fathom. 
When she went after something, she stuck with it, no matter what happened, no 
matter what changed. Her eyes glanced back towards the fields where Tenchi 
worked. 
	She sighed and floated off of the roof, flying aimlessly over the 
landscape. She did a few swoops and rolls, but the joy that came from flying 
free was missing this day. 
	Ryoko settled into a more sedate glide, and looked around, suddenly seeing 
what was actually around her. In the course of her flight she had somehow ended 
up at the cave.
	It was a place of her deepest fears, and her fondest memories. She 
recalled how helpless she had felt when confined in that dark prison. Her mind 
shuddered away from those thoughts, then turned, inevitably, to Tenchi. Ryoko 
sat on one of the boulders for a few minutes, remembering. 
	Then she was struck by an epiphany. A prison. Just as she had been 
imprisoned in this cave, so was Ayeka imprisoned. But the difference was that 
she was released from this dark place, Tenchi released her. Ayeka was still 
trapped, trapped within her upbringing, within her duty. Ryoko knew she would 
never return to this darkness, but Ayeka, though granted a conditional time 
away, knew that she had to return. That was why she always acted the part of the 
princess, because she knew she had to go back, she could not shake off the 
chains. And Tenchi was the one who granted her a small bit of freedom, the 
freedom that Ryoko so relished. 
	Ryoko floated upwards and settled on the large boulder that jutted out 
from the top of the formation. This time, as she looked over the valley, she 
truly saw it. A peaceful place, different from anywhere she had been before. 
	Narrowing her eyes, she tried to see it as Ayeka did. The wildness of the 
place contrasted with the sculptured beauty that she had seen on Jurai, though 
she was not really in any condition to tell that when she went there. It struck 
her that that was the main difference between her and Ayeka. She was the wild 
beauty of the Earth, and she felt tied to it. Ayeka was Jurai, beautiful, but 
sculpted and controlled, not allowed to grow naturally.
	She had more in common with Ayeka than she had ever expected, probably 
because she had never taken the time to look beneath the princessly exterior. 
	Ryoko was used to taking things at face value, and if proved wrong, tended 
to try to force people into the mould of her assumption. Perhaps, that was what 
she had been doing to Ayeka, unconsciously hitting her in all the wrong spots so 
she would display the behavior Ryoko expected of her. 
	Suddenly, her sensitive ears picked up on the sound of someone approaching 
her hidden spot. She let her self become incorporeal and sank down into the 
rock, only leaving her eyes and a great deal of cyan hair above the surface, 
looking like some odd plant that grew from solid stone.
	She was surprised when the form of Yosho came into view, striding almost 
hesitantly up to the cave. Ryoko's eyes narrowed, he almost never came up here, 
and not since she had been imprisoned could she count a handful of times she had 
seen him or sensed his presence. He walked up and sat down on the boulder that 
the oni had so recently vacated, staring down into the dark maw of the cavern, 
past the open gate, past the tripped locking mechanism. She waited for him to do 
something, to leave so that she could be alone with her thoughts. But the prince 
just sat there, a nostalgic look of regret on his face.
	As this was a day of revelations for Ryoko, she wasn't too surprised when 
she had another one. Yosho was one who had slipped his bonds, broken his chains, 
and yet...he ever seemed to bear their ghostly weight. Something held him that 
was no longer corporeal but rather the memory of its constriction. But he was 
the one who had imprisoned her, who had given her centuries of darkness and 
fear. He wasn't nearly so scary now, now that he was old and not the swift young 
man that she remembered. But wait... 
	She recalled how she and Kagato had fought against him. He hadn't even 
broken a sweat. She remembered how he had tried to bring her around, and only as 
a last resort had cut off her hand, and cut her off from the jewel that was the 
source of Kagato's control. She remembered vaguely, that Tenchi had called to 
his grandfather not to kill her. And even in the midst of her thrall, she had 
known that he would not, that he would never hurt her purposely, that he only 
did it to save her from herself. Just as he had done centuries before.
	Her eyes widened slightly, as she thought of things that had never 
mattered to her before. 'Mom?' she thought, but no, this wasn't the same 
sensation she felt when Washu was messing with her head. This was coming from 
her, from within the depths of her mind, the depths of her heart. 
	Yosho was silent for a while, content to just perch on the rock. Then he 
stood, and Ryoko followed him with her eyes as he started to walk away. She was 
just about to emerge from her hiding place when he turned and looked straight at 
her.
	"I'm sorry Ryoko." He said, and she could see the kindness in his violet 
eyes, usually hidden by his glasses. She remained dumbfounded as he continued on 
his way.
	Darkness fell upon the pirate. She took no heed, due to the feline 
components of her body, she was able to see as well in darkness as in the light. 
She had not left her perch on the top of the rock, even as the dinner hour came 
and went. She just sat there, staring up at the silent stars. 
	The stars had always been her companions in the time when she was in 
Kagato's control. They were always there, never judging her for her actions, 
always shining upon her in the tapestry of space. She could depend on the stars 
to guide her, to different galaxies, or to home.
	'Home' she thought. Was this her home? The earth had kept her for 700 
years, had held her deep within her depths. It was the only place she had spent 
any amount of time on, a planet anyways, she had lived on the Souja or on Ryo-
Ohki. But here on Earth she had found herself, or what she had thought was her 
self. She was made up of many different parts, of many different people. But who 
was she? She had never had a chance to find out, to live as a child, with a 
mother and a father. She had never known a family, gone through the things that 
'normal' young women had to grow through. She was formless.
	Why hadn't he killed her, he could have been done with her.
...

	'Where is he?' she thought frantically, darting between the pieces of 
wreckage that littered the space where the ship once was. "Tenchi! Tenchi!" she 
cried over and over again, howling into the empty space. "Oh, Tenchi! Where are 
you?" She sobbed. 
	Suddenly she stopped. "What was that?" A figure floated through space, 
nearly unnoticed due to the blackness of his hair against the darkened backdrop 
of space. Her face contorted into a mixture of relief and fear. "TENCHI!!" she 
screamed, lending all her energy to reaching him as quickly as she possibly 
could. It seemed she moved in slow motion, the moments stretched out to 
infinity, and it seemed it took her that long to reach him, only a few feet 
away. She finally reached the still figure and clutched him in her arms. The ex-
pirate immediately transported the two of them to the bridge of the empty 
Ryo-Ohki. She laid his form gently down and carefully turned him over. It wasn't 
Tenchi. It wasn't Tenchi! Instead she was staring into the still, cold face of 
Yosho, looking just as he did the moment he had defeated her. 
	She knew she must feel something, happy that he was dead, triumph that her 
foe was finally laid low, but instead she was numb. She reached out and touched 
his cold face gently, with a trembling hand. She felt the scream welling up, 
along with the feeling of total and utter despair. "YOSHO!" She clutched him to 
her. "Yosho." She whispered. 
	"NOOOO!" her scream echoed through the ship.
...

	"NOOO!" Ryoko gasped as she sat up on her beam. She could feel the sound 
of her scream echoing in her ears, echoing in the empty room. She could feel her 
heart pounding. 
	Ryoko was not given to dreams, nor to nightmares. Her waking memories were 
usually nightmare enough for her to sleep soundly during the night. It was 
Yosho. She swung her legs over the edge of the beam and dangled her feet, 
staring at the ground beneath her. 
	Why was it Yosho, and even more importantly, why did she feel such pain, 
such despair upon finding him. She dropped her forehead onto her hands and 
stared into the darkness of her damp palms. She could still feel the despair the 
dream had caused constricting her chest her, her face was damp with sweat and 
tears. She heard a step on the stairs, and hurriedly brushed the tears off of 
her face.
	"Ryoko?" came a tiny sweet voice below her. She looked down to see Sasami 
in her nightclothes, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. "Are you okay?"  Her 
pink eyes were concerned in the moonlight.
	Ryoko mustered a smile. "Yeah, I'm fine Sasami. I just had a bad dream."
	"You did?" Sasami's pale face looked up at her. "I have bad dreams a lot, 
they scare me and I can't sleep."
	Ryoko stared down at the little girl.
	Sasami walked over and sat on the back of the sofa. "It sometimes helps to 
talk about dreams." She said seriously. Her face turned reflectively towards the 
moon glow lake. "Sometimes I dream things and they happen, or they mean things 
that I figure out later, sometimes I dream about things that have happened and 
they turn out differently in the end." She sighed, "I have strange dreams." For 
an instant her eyes glowed with more than the moonlight, then she blinked and 
they were back to normal. Ryoko was still staring down at her, amazed at the 
depth of understanding the small girl showed. Sasami looked up at the silent 
woman, "Do you want to talk about your dreams?" she asked. "Maybe I can help 
you."
	Ryoko hesitated for a few moments, undecided. Then she shrugged, she could 
tell it without * really * saying what had happened. She floated down off her 
perch and phased onto the sofa next to the princess. Sasami was silently looking 
at the space pirate as she waited for her to speak. Ryoko was also silent for a 
long moment then she began, hesitantly, to describe the dream, leaving out 
names. 
	"So...um...I was in space looking for someone...uh...and...I found 
this...uh...person...but it wasn't who I thought it was, it was an old...enemy." 
	Ryoko paused for another long moment, looking pensively out the glimmering 
windows. "But I felt something I didn't expect." She stood up abruptly and began 
pacing back and forth, her head down and her hands clasped behind her back. 
	Sasami watched her with knowing, if sleepy eyes. She, of course, knew what 
Ryoko was talking about, even if the ex-space pirate was trying to avoid telling 
her. 
	Ryoko seemed to forget that Sasami was more than she seemed, and Tsunami 
knew what was going on. The goddess felt both compassion and amusement on behalf 
of the space pirate. She realized this must be difficult for her, coming to 
terms with what she so long had repressed and denied. But her reaction, 
particularly in the face of the telling of her dream, was a bit funny. Sasami 
covered her giggle with a cough. She cuddled more comfortably into the cushions 
and propped her arms across the back, resting her chin on her forearm.
 	Ryoko seemed to remember that Sasami was there when she heard the movement 
and continued with her telling, "I felt...horror...I felt like I was being 
ripped apart the inside." She stopped her relentless pacing and faced the 
kitchen, her hands now balled into fists at her sides. She whispered softly, "It 
was even worse than when..." 
	Sasami rose up on her knees, now fully awake. "Worse than when what, 
Ryoko-sister?" 
	Ryoko jumped, then turned around sheepishly. "Uh...I didn't say that aloud 
did I? 
	Sasami nodded her head in firm affirmation. 
	Ryoko hurried to cover her little slip of the tongue. "...Never mind." She 
walked over and sat beside the little princess, who tilted her head to look up 
at the cyan-haired woman. "So, what do you think?"
	"Well," Sasami said thoughtfully. "It's obviously a symbolic transfer from 
the time that you thought Tenchi was dead, only this time it wasn't Tenchi...and 
you were surprised by the depth of the feeling you felt for that person." She 
tapped a finger against her lips. "I think it means that your feelings for 
Tenchi are for someone else."
	Ryoko stared at her, agog. "Wha...?"
	Sasami stood up and stretched, stifling a yawn behind her hand. She walked 
over to the base of the stairs and paused for a moment, her hand resting on the 
rail. "I hope I helped, Ryoko." She turned and started walking up to her 
bedroom. Ryoko, her eyes the size of sake dishes, listened to her steps fading 
up the treads, she thought she heard the princess murmur 'Yosho' in a satisfied 
voice, before the door slid shut behind her. 
...

	Sasami stood at the window, watching as Ryoko left the house, gliding 
along the moon-swept earth. 'Was that really necessary?' she thought. 
	Her other self answered her softly, 'Yes, it was. She needs to know before 
she surrenders herself to unhappiness for all of eternity.'
	The princess sighed and went back to bed.
...

	Ryoko glided out among the leafy trees, the light of the moon making 
dapples on her pale skin. This time she had a destination in mind. She was 
heading for the tree.
	Ryoko stopped on the edge of the clearing that held the space tree Funaho, 
and watched it for a while. Funaho somehow looked dignified as it sat in the 
middle of the pool, her branches flurried and ruffled in the errant breezes, for 
all like a woman arranging her skirts. Ryoko walked into the clearing slowly, 
her eyes fastened on the tree.
	There was a reason that Kagato had sent her to get a space tree rather 
than going himself. She somehow seemed to feel the soul of the tree, each was an 
individual, and each had a distinct personality. That was how she had planned on 
finding Tsunami; she could feel her whenever she was near Sasami, a sentience 
far above the awareness of any other tree. But right now she was feeling the 
soul of Funaho, a sensation of oneness with the spirit of the tree. And when she 
felt Funaho, she also felt Yosho. She knew he was alive even before he had 
revealed himself. When she had been near Funaho on that day she found Tenchi and 
Ayeka there, she had known. That was what she had meant by, "I just came to help 
you." But then Ayeka said something and she had stormed off in a huff.
	Now she had returned. She was not sure why, but the presence of the tree 
reflected the feeling she got when she sensed the presence of Yosho. She paused 
under the spreading branches and peered up through the lush greenery. Ryoko laid 
a hand on the tree's smooth trunk the phased up to sit among her branches. She 
sat there, silent, for a while, running Funaho's silky leaves through her 
fingers and inhaling the subtle aroma of her ruby red blossoms. She could feel 
the tree's reticence towards her presence and decided the only way to allay the 
sentient fears was to talk. So she spoke to the tree of things she had never 
vocalized before; the sketchy memories of Washu, her experiences under Kagato's 
domain, her battle with Yosho she skipped over due to the tree having witnessed 
it, and she didn't want to drag up old wounds, finally she spoke of Tenchi, 
Ayeka, and her new found doubts about her feelings for the tree's master.
	"...I don't know what to think, Funaho. I thought I loved Tenchi and hated 
Yosho. But now, but now...oh, I don't know what to think, I don't know how to 
feel." 
	She sat up from where she had leaned against the smooth trunk. Ryoko 
looked up through the spreading branches. "I think...I think I love him."
	All was silent for a few moments and then the winds started to pick up, 
swirling through the clearing. Ryoko swung her legs over the side of the branch 
and looked around in wonder. "What is this?" She stared at one of the tree's 
leaves; it started to glow then let off a tiny beam of light that pinged off the 
surrounding water.
	As Ryoko watched, more and more lights formed and she was soon surrounded 
by a gleaming multihued aura. Everything seemed to go to negative. And she was 
suddenly staring at the room she knew so well, the place where she had been 
imprisoned. The glowing pool hid her figure, but she could see one man standing 
next to the glowing light. 
	As she watched he knelt beside the tomb and reached down. She saw him 
grasp her hand and pull it up to his chest. He held it there for a moment then 
lifted it to his lips and kissed it gently. He placed it back into the water and 
waited another moment, his head bowed, then he stood and turned. That was when 
she saw who it was, Yosho, his face damp and glistening in the light of her 
prison.
	The light, and the image, slowly dissipated. 
	Ryoko stared at the space that the image had appeared in for a long 
moment. Then she turned her face up to look at the spreading branches of Funaho. 
She smiled slightly, "Thank you, but I'm just not sure yet." She phased away as 
the first lights of dawn stained the horizon. Unseen, a few more lights pinged 
off the water.
 
...

	The house was subdued that morning as they all ate breakfast. Some 
attempts were made at conversation, but they were instantly quelled as no one 
really felt like talking. Ayeka and Sasami were leaving that afternoon. 
	Sasami had prepared a wonderful feast that no one really ate. They just 
sat and pushed the food around on their plates. At one point Mihoshi excused 
herself and they could hear her in her room, sobbing. 
	Throughout the meal, Ryoko spent her time watching Ayeka, who refused to 
look up from her plate, Tenchi, who couldn't seem to take his eyes away from 
Ayeka's bent head, and Yosho, who looked even more solemn than usual. Ryoko was 
still struggling over her feelings for them and that made her a bit snappish, 
not how she wanted Sasami to remember her. To make up for her mood, after 
breakfast was over she helped the small girl clean the table, occasioning 
incredulous looks from everyone. Ryoko just stared at them all and asked, "What, 
like I can't help around the house?" 
	Washu looked at her sympathetically as everyone else shook their heads in 
disbelief. 
	Ayeka and Tenchi retreated up to her room to get her things and bring them 
down, while Washu went to put the finishing touches on Ryu-oh's pod; Ayeka would 
get a permanent shell built when she returned to Jurai. Sasami sat on the couch 
and held Ryo-Ohki in her lap, spending as much time with the little cabbit as 
she could before her departure. 
	A while later, after Noboyuki had returned from work to see the princesses 
off, they were ready to depart. Sasami cried unrestrainedly as she hugged each 
of them goodbye. Ryoko smoothed the little girl's hair when her turn came, and 
was surprised when Sasami looked up at her with pleading eyes, as though only 
she could prevent them from going. Ayeka then moved among them giving much more 
restrained farewells, her eyes were hooded and Ryoko could see dark circles from 
lack of sleep beneath them. Her eyes shone with tears as she bowed to Tenchi, 
who took a long moment to bow back. 
	Then Ayeka took Sasami by the hand and led her to Ryu-oh. 
	Ryoko came up behind Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him, which 
elicited no reaction, none at all. He merely stared after Ayeka with a look of 
shock and horror that struck Ryoko to the heart. She could hear him mumbling 
something under his breath and leaned her head in closer to hear. 
	"Ayeka, she...she's leaving." He shook as though trying to shake off a 
horrible vision. His voice grew louder. "She can't leave." 
	Ryoko tightened her arms around him, as though to keep him from the things 
he was saying. 
	Tenchi stood stock still for a moment, then turned and looked at Ryoko, 
his eyes held such sorrow that she nearly cried for him. 
	He gently kissed her on the cheek then removed her arms from around him, 
"Ryoko, I'm sorry." He turned, "Ayeka, wait!" he cried, and ran to her. 
	Ayeka turned to look at him as she heard him approach, "Tenchi?" she 
asked.
	They spoke softly, but still Ryoko could hear them perfectly. She watched 
as Tenchi stopped a few feet away from the princess. He looked nervously at the 
ground and shuffled his feet, scratching at the back of his head. Ayeka watched 
him, holding her breath, hopeful and yet afraid to hope. Her face betrayed to 
those watching a hint of those two emotions. For a shining moment, the girl that 
was Ayeka threatened to overcome what she had been trained to be her whole life: 
A princess.
	"Ayeka, I love you. Please forgive me." Tenchi said quietly.
	Ayeka stared at his bowed head as Sasami happily ran back to the group and 
scooped up Ryo-Ohki, who miyad in joy. Ayeka made a small sound of complete and 
utter happiness, and Tenchi looked up at her, hopeful, to see the princess' eyes 
shining with tears and her face positively glowing with joy at the sound of the 
words she had waited so long to hear. The words shattered the walls that had 
been carved around the princess' heart and spirit and now, finally, she was 
released. "I love you too Tenchi!" The two of them embraced. "There is nothing 
to forgive." 
	As they began to walk back, hand in hand, Ryoko phased out, a weak smile 
for the young lovers upon her lovely face.
...

	She sat staring into the cave, her feet drawn up under her. The stone was 
cold and hard beneath her. She paid no attention to how uncomfortable her perch 
was, she had had worse. Tenchi had chosen Ayeka. Ryoko knew she should be 
heartbroken, but still a part of her was relieved. No longer would she have to 
fight the princess for possession of his heart, he had given it away. Still, the 
tears came.
	She was startled when a hand touched her shoulder. She turned swiftly, 
wiping the tears away from her face. Yosho stood there. Why hadn't she sensed 
him? He went and sat down gracefully next to her on the rock, looking down into 
the cave as she watched him suspiciously. If he thought he was going to talk to 
her about Tenchi, then he could just save his breath; she didn't feel like 
hearing any comforting things he might say. She was just about to tell him that 
he could save his sympathy for someone else when he started to speak, looking 
down into the cave as though his eyes could see down through layers of time.
	"Do you know why I avoided this place, Ryoko?" He asked, his eyes flicking 
towards her, then back into the dim recesses of the cave. He did not wait for 
her to answer, but continued as though talking to himself. "Tenchi was not the 
only one who could see you. Because of the gems in the hilt of the Tenchi-ken I 
was, oh, I don't know," he spread his hands in a gesture of confusion, "given a 
connection with you." He sighed. "When you started moving around, I began to 
avoid coming here," He then turned around and looked straight at her. "Because 
seeing you, and not being able to touch you, tore me apart, just like it did 
when you were released and had latched onto Tenchi...although..." He grinned 
mischievously, "I did get to touch you a little."
	Ryoko's mouth dropped open in surprise, "What...?" 
	"Ryoko, do you remember anything, anything at all about the time after I 
defeated you?" he asked seriously, his violet eyes burning into hers, demanding 
to know. 
	Ryoko shook her head and looked away. "It's all blank." It truly was. It 
was rather like someone had taken that part of her memory and wiped it clean. 
She knew there must have been something there at one point, but she was at a 
loss as to what it was. 
	Yosho's shoulders slumped, "Well, yes, and it is my fault..." He paused, 
"Or, I should say, my decision. You see, I had Funaho hide that part of your 
memory when you were imprisoned, I didn't want what had happened during that 
time to interfere with what may happen when you woke up. But I see it still 
did."
	Ryoko was growing more and more confused, what issue was he avoiding. He 
was talking around something. She was a person used to being direct and she 
expected it in return. But somehow she felt that she shouldn't rush the prince 
in his explanation, he might be scared away and she would always wonder...
	The prince continued, still not looking at the ex-space pirate. "Ryoko, 
did you ever wonder how you knew certain things." He spread his fingers in the 
air in front of him, "for example, how you knew to use chopsticks..." he 
continued talking.
	She hadn't wondered. She had just assumed she had known things such as 
those. 
	Her eyes narrowed as she racked her brain, trying to find the memories 
that Funaho had hidden in the vaults of her mind. Nothing... She closed her 
eyes, concentrating even harder, this time instead of focusing on that entire 
segment of her memory; she instead focused on a single word, 'chopsticks.' 

...

	The image was hazy, as though her eyes were clouded over, and all she 
could see were two slender pieces of wood that someone was extending towards 
her. They, by contrast to everything else, were sharply defined in her mind's 
eye. 
	She eyed the two pieces of wood doubtfully, "Are they weapons?" she asked 
the person still obscured from her view. The person chuckled, a deep throaty 
chuckle.... 'So it was a man' she thought... then the man paused a moment, as 
though thinking something over. 
	"No Ryoko," he said patiently, "But you have given me an idea I will think 
over later." It was Yosho, she recognized his voice. The figure in her dream 
became slightly clearer. He twirled the chopsticks in his strong supple hands. 
	"These are eating implements called chopsticks." 
	"Eating implements?" She asked, "Why do you need those?"
	Yosho chuckled again and sat down next to her, she could now see his eyes, 
patient and kind. "Because it is not polite to eat with your fingers at the 
table." He placed the sticks in her hand and gently showed her how to hold them. 
Then he picked up his own and demonstrated how to pick the food up.
Ryoko, so skillful with a sword or an energy blast, felt clumsy wielding the 
sticks. 
	She attempted to pick up a particularly tasty, though she really couldn't 
tell if something was tasty or not, looking morsel and was disheartened by the 
way it slid off and plopped back down onto the plate. 
	Yosho noticed her dejected state and moved over to help her, covering her 
hand with his as he manipulated a piece of food towards her mouth. Ryoko stared 
at his hand as it covered hers, feeling the warmth of his palm on her skin. He 
seemed not to notice that his instructions were being ignored. As Ryoko looked 
at him, his face emerged out of shadow. His eyes were intent on the task at 
hand, teaching her...but as she watched, he looked at her face and their eyes 
locked. The food plopped, once again, down onto the plate. 
...

	Ryoko gasped, the floodgates, it seemed, had been unlocked by that 
remembrance. She had learned so much in that short time, she had learned how to 
love...and the one she had learned to love was Yosho. She looked at him as he 
kept talking, half to himself, peering down into her former prison. She felt 
tears welling up in her eyes as the memories came back to her, pulled through 
that small hole she had made into the light. 
	He had loved to see her face above his first thing in the morning, he 
would laugh and pull her down for a kiss every time. He had loved it when she 
surprised him, appearing out of thin air, her arms entwined about his neck. They 
had sparred together, honing her skills and his. They had taken flights among 
the clouds, him trusting her enough not to let him fall. She had forgotten it 
all...but she could see how some of the things had affected the way she had 
treated Tenchi, although subconsciously. Yosho had never been bothered by seeing 
her naked; in fact he rather enjoyed it and they would visit the hot spring 
nearby and sit and drink sake together for hours, enjoying the soothing water.
	He was looking at her now, waiting for a response to the news he had just 
given to her, the filling in of a blank in her past. She ignored him for a 
moment, still caught in the memories. So that was why she had been so confused 
when Tenchi had rebuffed her advances! Everything she had learned, she had 
learned from Yosho. Sasami had been right...the little rat...her feelings had 
been for someone else.
	"Why can't I remember when I was imprisoned?" She asked.
	Yosho looked startled, "You remember everything else?" Ryoko nodded. The 
prince sighed and sat back. "That was a confusing time. Though you had not done 
anything destructive since the time of our battle, the people still feared you. 
When we went into town they would lock their doors." He looked at her in 
sympathy. "It was your idea really...to be imprisoned. You couldn't stand the 
way they looked at you, with scared and suspicious eyes. So you decided it would 
be best for everyone if you were placed into stasis until the memory of your 
past had faded from their minds." He coughed shortly, clearing his throat. "You 
asked Funaho and I to arrange it. I was against the idea, after all, I had faced 
prejudice from the time I was born. But you said that you didn't want to be 
feared. I caved." He smiled slightly at his own pun. "But I swore to you, though 
I knew you couldn't hear me, kneeling beside your stasis pool, that I would 
always be there, and that I would be there to greet !
you when you woke up." He reached out and tapped the jewel on her wrist, "That, 
as much as those jewels, kept me alive all those years. But when I felt your 
feelings changing, towards my grandson, I decided to let him be the one to wake 
you." He smiled sadly, "I regretted what I did those centuries before, but I 
wanted you to be happy. You seemed happy with him."
	 He stood and paced to the entrance of the cave, leaning against the wall 
reflectively, one of his hands scratching at the back of his head. "When Ayeka 
came, I'm sorry to say, I tried to push the two of them together. I still can't 
believe it worked." He turned and stared at her, his arms folded before his 
chest, "Ryoko, someday...no matter what had happened, Tenchi would have gone to 
Jurai. It is his destiny. I know you and as such, I know you would not have been 
happy there. But that was not the entire reason." 
	He looked down at her hands, which were pushing against the rock as though 
to launch. 
	"The fact is; I still had feelings for you...I still HAVE feelings for 
you. And I could not give up hope that someday you would forgive me."
Ryoko stared down at her splayed fingers, scraping at the rock. It was 
difficult, for so long she had considered Yosho an enemy, but it turned out he 
had been a friend, and more...she had loved him. Did she still? She didn't know 
for sure, her mind was running in circles... She stood and turned away from him, 
attempting to run her fingers nervously through her hair. She felt her fingers 
snag and was trying to pull them out, when she heard a familiar chuckle behind 
her. 
	She turned and saw, not the old man whom had been standing there a moment 
before, but instead the young man she had seen only moments ago, in her 
reacquired memory. He walked up to her and gently disengaged her hand from her 
wild cyan hair. 
	He let his hand linger on hers for a moment, and she felt the warmth of 
his palm on her skin. She stared up into his face; he was looking down at her, 
his violet eyes endearingly hopeful. 
	Ryoko lifted her hand slowly, ever so slowly and touched his face, tracing 
the line of his jaw gently, brushing his hair back from his eyes with cautious 
fingers. As she searched his face, she felt her chest tighten up, it seemed her 
heart was growing too much to be contained within. She suddenly felt complete. 
	She smiled. "Yosho." She simply said, "I remember everything." 
	It had been seven hundred years since they had last kissed...now they 
would make up for lost time.
...

	Sasami looked up from where she was cutting carrots for Ryo-Ohki's dinner. 
It seemed she had felt the earth move. She smiled broadly as within her Tsunami 
rejoiced.





I find my skill is growing as I write. Even if some do not like this one I am 
very happy with how it turned out. It took me long enough to write anyway.

Questions, comments, just want to chat? ^^ e-mail me at kyokki21@yahoo.com



