TM DISCLAIMER: We don't happen to own any and all
characters that AIC and Pioneer own.  If you don't 
happen to know what characters we *do* own, then 
you shouldn't bother reading any farther.  Please 
don't sue us, since neither of us has any cash.  
Oh yeah, don't use any of our characters without
our consent!!

**************

Changing Agreements: A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic
Chapter 1: Activation

The English teacher, nicknamed "Mihoshi" by the small anime watching portion of
the class, was babbling again. No big surprise since she had managed to work at
least one block of babbling into every class. The teacher had earned the
nickname by constantly getting to class late, not having a clue on exactly what
she was supposed to teach, constantly spilling her coffee, not being able to
figure out how many groups of three to divide the class into and her babbling.
The babbling was most definitely the worst part.

". . . and today's amazingly interesting topic is. . . 'why Bats are bad',
orated on by 'Ms. Mihoshi.'" Started Adam in his usual cynical monologue under
his breath concerning the teacher's ramblings about whatever came to mind. "Yet
another in a series of continually successful speeches trying to re-define the
phrase; 'supreme boredom.'" Brendan grinned to himself at Adam's speech, which
was pretty much the same thing every class, since the class was pretty much
into the routine of having the teacher babble most of the lesson. Then he
leaned into his desk, "You mind if I get some sleep? 'Mihoshi' over there is
boring me and there isn't anything better to do. . ."

"Hmm, can you *quietly* get Jess for me?" Adam asked Brendan. He saw him
reaching over to poke her and interjected just a second to late, "and don't
poke her, she's sleeping." Just as Brendan lightly poked Jess in the side,
causing her to jump up and start yelling much too fast for anyone to understand
a word she said. Which caused the class to quickly lose any semblance to order
that "Mihoshi" had managed to instill in it and waking up the majority of the
class from light slumbers.

"Oh, um, aaah, now will you *please* all calm down class?" "Mihoshi" started, 
trying to figure out how to get back to a peaceful class. "PLEASE? If my
supervisor were to walk in now I'd be in trouble and that would be bad. .. ."
she was quickly losing her composure because nobody in the class was listening
to a word she was saying. "Umm. . . ahh. . . calm down? Please?" she lost all
composure and collapsed onto the ground crying.

Brendan sighed, wishing he could just get some sleep, "You know, we were better
off when she was babbling..."

"Yeah, I suppose so, at least it isn't quite so boring as her. . ." Replied
Adam, suddenly cut off by the loud beep that accompanied the intercom system
turning on, then he quickly said:  "no, you can't have my attention, it's much
too valuable. . ." expecting the usual "may I have your attention please?"

Instead of what everyone was expecting, a familiar sounding voice came on the
intercom. "Hello everyone, it's been a while, most of you probably remember me
from the news oh about a year back now, when I was arrested for threatening to
blow this school to hell. . ." Suddenly Brendan realized it was Sean-- who had
not only threatened the school but had made various personal threats on him and
suddenly he felt something snap.

". . .and so now that I can get back to what I was going to do to the school
before I was arrested, so anyone that wants to live can run and hope to make it
away from here before I personally destroy every last room in this
building. . ."

Without understanding what he was doing Brendan shot up into the air and out
through the wall, then he pinpointed the office and just willed himself there.
As Brendan blinked into existence in the middle of the office, hundreds of
questions raced through his mind like wildfire: "How did I fly? Can I do it
again? What else can I do? Did Sean showing up trigger this?" But something
deep inside told him to fight Sean and keep him from doing any damage, causing
more questions to bounce around in his mind about how he got these powers.
Suddenly before he knew what, he was facing Sean. He had drawn a sword that
was composed of some kind of purple energy and was pointing it straight
at Sean.

"So it looks like whoever gave me these powers is ready to take them back. . ."
Sean trailed off as he drew a long green energy sword from the air, then
charged at Brendan, skimming along the ground at his top speed.  Brendan
teleported outside, safely away from the destructive arc of Sean's sword.
Sean quickly took flight and phased through the wall heading straight for
Brendan again, this time Brendan blocked his strike and the two bounced off
each other and hovered in the air glaring at one another.

During the chaos of the hasty evacuation of the school, Adam had headed toward
Brendan instead of the large sports fields in the back like everyone else.
'Hmm, this is interesting, I wonder who's behind all this. . .' Adam thought to
himself as he pulled out a organizer and started taking notes on exactly what
powers were being used in the series and trying to find some cause or similar
thing besides stuff he'd seen in anime. Adam looked behind himself and noticed
a crowd was gathering, watching the fight from a safe distance.  The crowd was
just silent in awe of the fact that a fight that looked like it was out of a
big budget movie was happening right in front of them and although it was
California-- they were nowhere near Hollywood. Adam tapped out a few notes on
his organizer, detailing exactly what was going on and quickly added 'avoid
government' and 'make sure Brendan doesn't end up a test subject' to his
'things to do' list.

As the fight continued on, Sean began to tire and Brendan continued defending
himself from Sean without ever attacking. Slashes and stabs flew at Brendan
quicker than the human eye could follow-- but Brendan reacted faster and he
blocked or dodged every attack flawlessly. Sean was growing frustrated and he
finally lost his composure and flew up then came straight down at Brendan with
his sword pointing at him, however, Brendan teleported out of the way then
blinked back in place a second later-- unharmed. Sean smashed into the asphalt
making a crater that effectively cut the main road off from the school and
turned around looking up to see Brendan flying at him with an energy sword in
each hand. Sean blocked the first blade but the second bit into his arm and
sliced through it, drawing no blood but severing the arm. The part that had
been cut off caught fire and Sean stood in shock, watching his arm disintegrate
in seconds.  "You. . . little. . . BASTARD!" Energy began to gather around Sean
from the air, first in small bubbles then in increasing amounts until it
coalesced into a huge bubble of green energy floating in front of him. "I'll
KILL you for that!" He gestured forward with one hand and what was left of his
other arm gestured similarly. The bubble shot forward straight at Brendan who
began to fly up as fast as he could as soon as it started moving. The bubble
hit the opposite wall of the crater and a spray of fire and rubble shot up
after Brendan, who flew up faster, then stopped and peered into the smoke as
the explosion subsided. Brendan couldn't see any trace of Sean, and the crater
was huge now. Rubble started falling down from the explosion and smashing the
cars in the parking lot. The crowd moved a little further back and some of them
started clapping and cheering the victor, unsure of exactly how to react.
Brendan landed and was suddenly overwhelmed with a wave of questions he had to
ask-- but didn't know who to ask. Brendan patted himself down to make sure he
was unhurt and jumped in shock.

He had somehow gone from normal clothes to some kind of battle-suit that looked
like it was modeled after a robe of some kind. However it was made of a fabric
that felt thin but durable and incredibly protective. He brushed his fingers
through his hair and noticed that had changed too, it felt a little longer and
it was arranged in a disarray of spikes. He flexed his arm experimentally and
it still reacted like his body but it definitely wasn't his body.

Washu jumped and looked at the screen and the energy charts collected during
the fight. "It seems to have worked, I am such a genius."

Washu A flipped onto Washu's shoulder. "Washu, you are a genius!" 

Washu B flipped up onto her other shoulder. "The greatest genius in the
universe!"

Washu bowed to an invisible audience, then spotlights lit her up and confetti
sprinkled down over her.

"Miya?"

"What? How did you get in here without me noticing?" Asked Washu.

Ryo-Ohki answered Washu through the mental link.

"If you tell anyone what you saw in here no carrots for a week, it's much to
sensitive of an experiment . . ."

Tsunami cut Washu off and kneeled down in front of Ryo-Ohki, "Now Ryo-Ohki,
please don't tell the rest of the family, we want it to be a surprise to them."

Ryo-Ohki nodded in assent, satisfied as she walked off.

"I'm glad you solved that quickly, now hopefully Ryoko won't have a reason to go
into Ryo-Ohki's mind for a while. . ."

"She shouldn't. . ." Tsunami Trailed off briefly, "Now to go through all that
data you collected from the fight. . ." Tsunami pointed at the screens of
charts, graphs and tables that had been gathered in the duration of the fight.

Brendan stood on one end of the parking lot watching the authorities showing up
and being daunted by the large crater that had been opened up in his battle with
Sean. He started to fly over to see if he could help them out some. Adam
muttered "Baka" to himself, as he saw every police car scramble to the radio
to call in a potential threat.  Brendan walked towards them and introduced
himself to the policeman who had just finished radioing the station-- who was
to call every government agency they could and see what they were supposed to
do with a walking, living, weapon.

*********

Kale's notes:  Alright, now maybe my actual pseudonym won't confuse you all,
I'll use it instead!!  Well, I hope you like what's been written so far.  Ack!!
I feel kind of dumb, cause Shale was the only one who asked for C&C ^_^;;;;
well, you can send C&C to me as well, and chances are you'll probably get a much
quicker response from me than Shale.  I hope to hear from you all.  I won't make
as huge thank you as I did last time, but I do have to thank Shale, Literary
Eagle and Lesell Charis again, for all there help in detailing my vision (yes,
this is based on a dream  ^_^)  I suggest that you read Literary Eagle and
Lesell Charis' fics, they are both great writers!!  If you don't believe me,
I suggest you go check the results from the Spring '99 Fan Fic vote.  ^_^
Congrats to you both.

*********

Shale's notes: Well I've been very uninvolved in this chapter of the fic, mostly
because I somehow ended up with a social life, very odd and isloated coincidence
I promise. . .but I've been a bit busy, although I did copy edit this a while
back and probably should help Kale edit chapter two pretty soon. . .I converted
this using a MS-DOS based text editor so there should be no way that any lines
are over 80 charachters long and also it should be wonderfully compatible with
any, and I mean ANY text veiwer out there this time, I'm picky about
compatibility stuff. . .comes from me being a computer geek I suppose. . ..and
Adam is based on me just about to the word in this chapter, but he changes a
little as the story progresses. . .anyways I welcome a chance to ignore. .. .err
respond to your C&C. . .althought I reserve the right to kill anyone that writes
to me too often. . .
