TM DISCLAIMER: We don't happen to own any and all
characters that AIC and Pioneer own.  If you don't 
happen to know what characters we *do* own, then 
you shouldn't bother reading any farther.  Please 
don't sue us, since neither of us has any cash.  
Oh yeah, don't use any of our characters without
our consent!!  

Changing Agreements: A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic
Chapter Two:  Mysteries Revealed 




Adam had just finished wiring up his computer to have cable as well as the
internet and a VCR.  "Well, now to see how this thing works."  Adam said
to himself, and turned the computer and cable box on.  "Okay if it's going
to blow a fuse it'll be in the next ten seconds. . . one, two, three, four,
five . . ."

"Hey Adam, don't you have a friend named Brendan Kale?"  Adam's father asked
from the family room.

"Yeah. . ." he replied them muttered to himself  ". . .Nine, Ten. . .yes! It
didn't blow up!! Now the real test. . ." He narrowed his eyes in contemplation
. "Can I watch TV and use the computer at the same time?" Pausing, he
hollered back through  the family room.  "Why do you ask, dad?" he questioned
as he played with the toggles that his father had set *way* to high when he
was trying to play a game.  'Why can't dad realize *I'm* the tech genius in
the house, not him." Adam thought.

"Because it says here in the regional section that he died in a hospital
yesterday, after surgery to remove his gall bladder."

"What?!"  Adam shouted, accidentally hitting the cable box wire and  making
it blow itself out, in an effort to run and grab the paper.  "Damn cable
box."  Adam muttered as he turned and went to steal the paper from his
father.  "Give me that!!!"  He mused as he snatched the paper from his hands
and and handed him back the Sports section.  "Here, read this!!"  he called
over his shoulder and started walking speedily back to the computer room,
while scanning the story.  He sat down, making sure to avoid any wires, and
killed all the windows open except for his internet connection.  He started
furiously typing while praying to anything that some of his old friends kept
up on their hobbies and had became decent hackers.

*****

A few hours later...

Washu had heard through the earthlings primitive information source (aka The
Internet), that Brendan had died.

"Why terrans have that damn bladder in the first place is beyond me." She
muttered to herself.   "The risk from dying is 1.22 percent, although a gall
bladder removal has never been..." her voice trailed off. "Wait a minute! I
tested to see if his organs were okay, and besides, I TOOK THAT DAMN ORGAN
OUT!!!" She paused, stupefied.  "Just what's going on?!"  Washu decided to
hack into the government and see for herself, she figured it was a cover up--
since the government, who has never seen a flying being, would be dead scared.
"Especially with all the stupid and pointless fighting they do here."  When
she got in, to her relief, she found out that she was right.  She was 99.945%
sure, but she wanted to know for certain.  "Hmm, this lab is interesting. . ."
After going through the schematics of the lab that he was being held in, she
saw someone getting in, and decided that even though they couldn't find her,
she might as well leave (she needed to tend to another experiment).  However,
then she noticed something, the signal's most immediate return wasn't located
on Terra.  It was from a Satellite, owned by a rival government.  She decided
to trace it.  Other than a few government employees and those who saw the
fight, *no one* needed to know about the 'heavenly' battle. Or so the terran's
who had witnessed it, called it.  After a long time for tracing it (three
seconds instead of a tenth of a second...), she had to admit that she was
impressed.

--50 Military Satellites, 20 private industry satellites mixed in there, plus
a few other modems and telephone services scattered across the planet later--
and Washu had tracked the hacker to 235 Timber Road, Sacramento, California.
Both residents male, 53 and 16. Whoever had hacked their way into the system
was one of the best.

"This guy is good. . . Gerald and. . .ADAM!?!?" She gasped. "Wasn't that the
best friend of the kid who I added the masses to?!"  She quickly went through
her recordings of Tsunami, and sure enough, there he was-- Adam.  "There's a
lot more to this duo than either of us could have imagined.  I think I need
to go through their personal files. . ."  Washu said, as she started hacking
into the personal social security files of Brendan and Adam, finding out as
much as she could about the duo.

*****

"Finally, that took awhile, but it was worth it.  They're not going to be
able to find me until hell freezes over."  Adam muttered as he started
reading Brendan's files, the lab reports and what they planned to do with
him.  "They're going to. . .?" He breathed in awe "No way. . . not if I have
something to say about it." He confirmed.  "Hmm...shields, that's a new one,
maybe they are a little closer to space and exploration past the moon than
we thought.  But that means I can't blow up the building. I know Brendan
would survive without the shield, but the shield can repel an atomic bomb,
and more." He tapped his chin thoughtfully.  "Hmmm...need to find a new way
in there..."

*****

Brendan woke up for the nth time in the large metal restraint system.  "Ohh.
. .damn, back in this huge contraption.  Frig...whatever shield type thingy
this is it hurts a lot."  Brendan gave himself a quick check and just noticed
one new large bruise in the middle of his left arm, to match the one already
on his right.  And that's omitting that he had to fly constantly 'cause his
legs were in such bad condition, and the large bruise over his left eye was
limiting his depth perception.  "I can't believe I was that naive. . ." He
sighed. "I'm an international threat, of *course* they're going to lock me
up."  Brendan's thoughts drifted over the last few days. . .


THREE DAYS EARLIER. . . 

Adam was watching the men in the white coats stare at Brendan, and taking notes.
Brendan at this point was ferrying the last of the emergency vehicles over the
large crater, created by the fight.  "Well, that's Brendan for you.  Always
trying to help.  Hmm. . .  I just hope more of the government doesn't show up
and attempt to hurt Brendan.  I hate that god damn: 'He's a global threat. . .
What's the lives of a few, with billions at stake. . .' mentality that they
all have." He spat.  "Brendan wouldn't harm a flea, unless the flea had harmed
someone he cared for.  He's just trying to help," He sighed.   "Damn kid can
be so stupid sometimes."  Just then, the governor's limousine pulled up.  The
governor, unlike usual, got out of it himself, without anyone getting the door
for him and ran to the scientists.  "Well, I doubt they would kill the
governor....but I *still* need to talk to Brendan and get him out of here."

*****

"Excuse me sir, would you mind if I asked you a few questions?"  The governor
asked Brendan through the megaphone.

Brendan didn't realize that the governor was speaking to him, so he went back
and got the last police car, that he had carried across the crater earlier,
to bring it back.  As he picked it up, the governor again spoke:

"Ahem, 'Flying man carrying a police car. . .' Could you please set it down
and come here!!!!"

Adam had heard the tone of voice that the governor used, and was wondering
how long it would be until the tanks came rolling in.  Brendan finally
realized that the governor was speaking to him and flew over to the governor,
police car still in hand, landed and dropped the police car-- inches away
from the governor.

The governor went wide-eyed in shock and started to waver.  

"Uhh...Sorry about that sir, the police car I mean, I didn't mean to scare
you.  And sorry about ignoring you earlier, I didn't realize you were speaking
to me.  How may I help you?"

The governor awoke from his trance and immediately straightened out his tie.
"Yes you can, as a matter of fact."  Brendan noticed the scientists
surrounding him and the governor, all taking notes.  

The Governor guessed about him.  "What is your name son?"  

"Brendan Kale."

"Thank you.  Now Brendan, could you explain how you can do all these
superhuman things I keep hearing and seeing?  Is it a new technology you have
created, or a genetic mutation?  Do you have any logical explanation for
these occurrences? "

"Well sir, I can tell you for a fact that it's not a new technology. I may
know how to use pre-made technology pretty efficiently, but other than that,
I can't do much in the technological field.  As for a genetic mutation, I
doubt it.  I mean, I don't think that someone's genes can't change the
pigments in hair, other than towards white, and change it's style. And even
if it could, that doesn't explain my clothes, which I know are part of it,
since this is definitely *not* what I was wearing when I left my house this
morning."

"hmm...I see...Were you adopted, did your parents just find you?"

"Well, to my knowledge, I am adopted."   Brendan thought he saw the governor
give a 'That explains everything' expression.  "But I knew my biological
parents and they don't look like this. . . " Brendan motioned at himself
"They were quite normal in appearance.  At least I would assume they were my
biological parents, because I did *come out* of my deceased mother."

"Hmm...Thank you for this information.  We would like to find out a little
bit more about you.  Would you mind coming to our lab for a day or so...? It
should take no longer."

"No problem governor.  Just let me tell one of my friends I'll be gone for
a day or so, okay?"

"....Do you have to?"

"Is there anything wrong with him knowing?"   Brendan asked, startled by the
governor's question.

"Uhh, no-- no problem at all.  We'll wait for you and then we'll bring you
there."

"Be right back then."

Brendan turned to see Adam sitting on the edge of the crater, watching him
like a hawk.  Brendan flew over to him.  "Hey Adam, I am going with the
governor, I'll be back in a little over a day."

"I don't think you should go. . . What if they wind up keeping you? I mean,
you could be a threat to the world-- so I doubt that they would hesitate to
kill you."

"I doubt it--  Besides, who could kill me with powers like these!?"  Brendan
hollered as he turned and left Adam, to go with the Governor.

PRESENT....

"I should have listened to Adam. . . I'm such an airhead sometimes."  Brendan
said, as he blacked out again since he hadn't eaten in awhile, or so he
thought.

*****

"Well, The masses are just doing their final assimilation with him. After
that, he shouldn't have to eat, breathe and he should heal very fast."  Washu
stated, to the staring cabbit in her lap.  Ryo-ohki gazed at the pseudo
computer, watching the young boy.

"Myia." 

"Okay, I'll let you go get carrots.  I know Ryoko promised you some when you
watched Tenchi out in the fields earlier today, but you better not tell the
others about Brendan or you know the punishment!!"  Washu said, as the furry
cabbit jumped off her lap and out of the lab.

*****

Ryoko saw Ryo-ohki leave the lab, and she grabbed the little cabbit.  

"There you are," She stated. "I was wondering where you went, I didn't get
the chance to give you any carrots."  They flew up through the roof and then
landed on it.  As Ryo-ohki started munching slowly through the basket of
carrots that Ryoko had hidden up there, Ryoko started to "rewind" through
Ryo-ohki's memories, to see what she wanted to see.  She quickly passed
through the memory of Brendan, only focusing on trying to find Tenchi.  Then
she stopped and realized she didn't know that kid.  So she played through
the memory Brendan.  She watched as a boy sat in this huge contraption, not
unlike something that Washu would build, with a lot of bruises, be subjected
to tests, and black out.

"Oh my...Ryo-ohki who is that kid?"  

"Myia..."  

"What?!  SHE DID WHAT?!?!?!  Where's Tenchi? I need to tell Tenchi."  

"Myia."  

"He's still at the fields? okay, thank you, go inside and wait to see what's
going to happen."  Ryoko said, as she took off.  Ryo-ohki ate the last of the
carrots and phased through the roof.

*****

Tenchi had been working for a few hours now, somewhat happy that no one had
tried to find him in the last few hours.   "I'm not sure which is worse, the
sun out here, or the girls.  Well, at least their not *both* out here..."
He went back to weeding the carrots.  About a minute later, he saw Ryoko
coming towards him.   He closed his eyes.  "Why me?"  He said as he sighed.
He expected Ryoko to glomp on to him.  For once in the time she had been
living in Okayama, she didn't.

"Ryoko, what are you doing!?"  Tenchi hollered as Ryoko started carrying him
through the air.

"Washu gave some terran energy powers and now he's in immense pain!!!"  

"oh...well, let's go see, I am sure there is some explanation. . ."  

"Yeah, there is.  She's insane!!" 

"But. . ."  

"Miss Ryoko, I demand you put Lord Tenchi down this INSTANT!!!!" A shrill cry
shattered the air. Tenchi started sweating profusely at the situation.  He
didn't need another fight, when they need to go see Washu this bad.  And it
was very obvious, by the size of Aeka's mouth, that she didn't know what was
going on, and making the wrong assumptions.

"Lay off Princess, we don't have time to deal with you."  Ryoko said as she
and Tenchi phased through the wall.  Aeka turned around and started running.
**SMACK**   As the princess fell slid down the door, she remembered she has
to open the door to go through it, unlike Ryoko.  She picked herself up and
ran into the living room, just to in time to Ryoko and Tenchi get to the
door of Washu's lab.  She started running straight for them.

"Now you put Tenchi down right now you demon or I will--AHHHHH!!!!"  Aeka
screamed as she tripped over the couch in her attempted pursuit of the duo,
who were heading into Washu's lab.  She picked herself up and slipped into
Washu's lab before the door closed.  Sasami ran into the room as the door
closed.

"What's wrong?" She trailed off quizzically, the paused as she found only
Ryo-oh-ki in the room. "Oh, well, do you think we should follow?"  She asked
the cabbit.

"Myia!!"  Answered Ryo-ohki, happily munching on a carrot from atop of
Sasami's head.

Sasami giggled as the pair entered the lab.

*****

Yosho had seen Ryoko fly with Tenchi in her arms.  "Hmmm, this is interesting.
. . I would think she would try to make herself less conspicuous if she was
trying to do something mischievous.   I better go down to the house," Yosho
said from Funaho.  He walked speedily along the path to the house, with his
usual stoic look on his face and quickly put the disguise back on.  He
reached the house in time to see Aeka smash into the door.  He ran to her to
make sure she was okay. . . when suddenly she quickly got back up and ran in.
Yosho slowed down, walked into the house, and strolled into the living room
just as  Sasami closed the door to the lab.  He noticed the couch that was
tipped over, and gave a small, quick chuckle.  He slipped into Washu's Lab
without a sound, nor a ring of the simple crab bell on the door.  He quickly
realized where Washu was and walked there slowly, purposefully, as he felt
the urgency swell in the room.

*****

Sasami caught up with the rest of the group.  The others were flying/running
at top speed, but she was keeping up, with Ryo-ohki's help.  Ryoko and Tenchi
were following the sound of muffled moans and screams, Aeka trying to grab
Ryoko and get Tenchi away from her, and Sasami was just following them, and
giggling at the fact that she was flying, well, being carried by a small
flying cabbit.

******

Washu's voice rung through the air. "How *do* you keep getting into my lab!?"
She snapped, annoyed. "And how do you manage to muck everything up, and yet,
have everything turn right in the end!?" She continued "And why do you need
to-"  Washu was cut off in mid sentence.  A large device next to her collapsed
revealing Ryoko carrying a concerned  Tenchi, a ticked off Aeka, a giggling
Sasami and Ryo-ohki hiding behind the young jovial princess.  Yosho stepped
in to the light, from beyond Mihoshi, who was hooked into a contraption, much
like the one Washu put Ryoko in awhile back, and calmly shaking his head from
side to side.

"uhm...Hi gang, what's up?"  Asked Washu.  Ryoko put Tenchi down quite
gracefully, and paid no attention to the babbling police officer, who was
gagged at the moment.  Then she gave quite possibly her most horrific stare
at the scientist.

"Who the *hell* is that boy!?"  She had kept her voice in an angry monotone,
and even Mihoshi could tell that no one should be near her right now.

"uhh...what boy?  Don't tell me you forgot who Tenchi is?"  Washu
sweatdropped.

"No-- I know who Tenchi is, I mean the Terran boy in Ryo-ohki's mind."  

"I have no idea what-"  

Ryoko had had enough.  She grabbed Washu put the collar of her uniform and
shook her violently.  "You know *exactly* who I'm talking about, now tell me
or suffer the consequences."  She seethed.

"Okay." Washu yielded. "Since you are so insistent-- though you couldn't harm
me, even if you wanted to-- I'll tell you."  Washu dropped Mihoshi
unceremoniously onto the ground, and the gag removed.  Then, professor Washu's
podium popped up, as well as her desks.

"The subject that Ryoko keeps referring to is the second attempt at combining
the Masses with a Terran." She stated, matter-of-factly.  "This process
occurred about a month ago, and was completely successful.  The subject won a
battle of epic proportions, without full knowledge of the energy level at his
disposal.  Here is a film of the fight. . ."  The group watch the film, all of
them actually focusing on it, not on the others in the room.  ". . .As you can
see, the subject won, and was then taken by terran authorities to a lab in the
same country, referred to as the United States of America."  Washu showed them
a picture of the lab.  "This is where he is contained now, and that is where
he will stay, unless he. . ."

"We'll get him out, right *Washu*?" Ryoko declared, not very pleased that her
'mother' was planning to let the boy rot there.

"Okay, okay, we'll get him out.  Give me a little bit, and I'll make a plan
that will get us in there.  We just need to get past some of their not so
simple security, which is remarkably well designed, in relation to the sheer
primitiveness of  terran society.  In all actuality--"

"Miss Washu, could you get to work? That boy, he looked like he was in
immense pain."

"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME??!!"

"I meant little Washu, could you please start working on getting the boy out?"

"Alright, much better.  I should be done soon.  Okay, now all of you, LEAVE,
take bubble head with you and make sure she doesn't get in here!"

*****

Adam had been furiously typing away at the lab site, trying to figure a way
in there, when suddenly, his eyes brightened.  "Thank you government for
providing my way in!" He grinned.  "YES! Hold on Brendan. . ." He enthused
"I'm coming for you, buddy."

********************

Kale's Notes:  ::wipes the sweat off of his brow::  Phew!  another chapter in
               the bag!  =c)  Again, a big thanks to my "family" Shale, Lesell
               and Literary Eagle!  (go check out there fics, and the AFC bios
               for their work!!!  They rule!!)  Also to my buddies Jaugron
               (LKramer, author of the Ronin series) and Evil Pii (co-author
               of the Dark Energy Trilogy, a x-over) for pushing me as well!
               (whether they know it or not)   I know that they're have been
               small breaks between when these have been put out, which i'm
               trying my hardest but make that gap as small as possible, but
               work has had me in for 18 hour days this past few weeks...it's
               gotten so bad that i couldn't carry a 5 pound piece of glass!
               ~_~;;;;;;;;;;; Also, some *major* personal problems have come
               up, which some people are trying to help me with (including my
               beloved girlfriend, and the people already mentioned) so I
               please ask for you not to get mad at me if it takes awhile
               before I put out the next chapter.  As always, send me C&C,
               i'm begging you!!::gets down on his hands and knees::    

Shale's Notes: Well, goodbye summer, hello school, it's the weekend after the
               first week of school and I just finsihed converting this to a
               proper text format using the good old edit commandline. . .this
               is the chapter where Adam starts acting more like me, although
               I'm not *quite* so talented although according to some of my
               friends I'm the computer "god". . .actually on that note I
               finally got the time to get a new harddrive installed for Kale,
               after cleaning a cloud of dust out of his comptuer and fighting
               with some very old hardware that didn't like getting that much
               space put into it it works, well and most of the bugs are
               ironed out. . .last I heard anyways. . .

