Tenchi sat is his room, staring at the ceiling. It was a rare occasion that
he could simply lay on his bed in complete silence, and he was making the
most of it.  he knew he would have to choose between the girls soon, he
could tell they were getting tired of waiting for him to make up his mind.
He started to narrow the choices down in his head.

Kione didn't like him 'that way' she had told him that, much to his relief,
after one of Aeka and Ryoko's fights.  Her partner was pretty much out of
the question also, sure Mihoshi was nice, but she was too high maintenance,
always breaking this or tripping over that.   Washu was very nice and
attractive, but let's face it, she flat-out scared Tenchi, espically when...
Tenchi shivered at the thought of when Washu had tried to get that "sample"
from him.  Sasami was practically his little sister; he loved her but in a
family kind of way.  So that left Aeka and Ryoko,  'I was afraid it would
come to this'  he thought as he closed his eyes.  He started naming the
qualities of the two girls.  He decided to start with Aeka.  He thought she
was nice, pretty in a fragile way, but technically she was his aunt, that
kind of unnerved him.  So he started naming Ryoko's qualities.  She could be
very kind; he had seen that aboard the Soja when they were battling Kagato,
she was VERY beautiful, and her eyes... His train of thought was broken as
the door slid open, revealing, suprisingly, the redheaded scientist.

"Oh, hello Washu, why are you here?"  Tenchi asked this a little nervously,
a sweat-drop beginning to form on his forehead.

"Well,"  She said with a glint in her eyes, much like Ryoko when she tried
to seduce him, "Sasami told me to tell you that breakfast was ready, but I
wanted to ask you something."

"Um... what would that something happen to be?"  He asked, even more nervous
than before.

In her mind, Washu was laughing; she loved to make Tenchi squirm.  "Well..."
she persisted in making him sweat.  "I was just wondering if you wanted to
come to the mall with the rest of the household today."

At this Tenchi face-faulted.  He was expecting to be asked to participate in
one of her experiments.  "Sure Washu, I mean little Washu."  he quickly
corrected himself before she could pull out a gun.

"It's gonna be a long day." she murmered to herself as she walked down the
stairs.

Washu walked into the kitchen and was greeted by Sasami who had finished
breakfast and was setting the table.  Ryoko and Aeka were already seated at
the table, Ryoko was half-asleep, she wasn't used to being up this early
(7:00 a.m.). It wasn't long before Tenchi came downstairs, followed by Kione
and Mihoshi, who had the week off from work.

Washu retrieved a bell form one of her dimensional portals and began to ring
it.  Kione and Mihoshi, who were talking about work, suddenly became quiet.

"Alright everybody, listen up,"  Washu said this in almost a military voice,
"I've got the whole day planned out: First we will go see a movie that we
can all agree on," as she said this she looked directly at her daughter, who
scowled in return.  "Then we can either split up, stay in one large group or
several smaller ones.  I will carry this energy detector with me at all
times,"  she held up a small device with blinking lights, "If anyone starts
fighting, this will go off and we will all immediately be transported back
here."

Everyone nodded as if they understood, so Washu sat back down and resumed
eating her breakfast.  Everyone else started talking about what movie to
see.  Ryoko wanted to see the newest action/comedy movie from America, "Rush
Hour 2".  Tenchi agreed that this was a good choice and so did everybody
else, even Aeka, reluctantly.  After breakfast every one piled into the car
with Tenchi in the drivers seat.  Tokyo was pretty far away, but it was
worth the trip.  Everyone got tickets, and thanks to Washu's 'credit card',
as many refreshments as they wanted.  The Movie Theater wasn't crowded, so
they got the best seats, and they all sat in the same row.  Ryoko and Aeka
were sitting on either side of Tenchi.

About halfway through the movie, Tenchi looked over at Ryoko and noticed
that she looked quite upset.  She was sitting with her knees pulled up to
her chest and her eyes were closed, but he could see she was crying.  He
grabbed her shoulder and tried to get her to tell him what was wrong, but
she just squirmed out of his grasp.  After a few minutes Washu came over to
where Ryoko was sitting and gently shook her.

    "Ryoko..."  She whispered, trying not to draw attention to herself or
her daughter.

    Ryoko looked up at her mother with a tearstained face, and then blacked
out.

    Ryoko woke up only to find herself strapped to one of Washu's lab
tables.  She could barely move, and when she did, the pain was unbearable.

     "Mom..."  She finally managed to call out weakly.

    Washu and Tenchi walked over to the lab table; it was obvious that they
had been crying.  Tenchi looked at Ryoko, she looked so helpless, she was
battered and bruised, and there was a bandage covered in dry blood on her
right side.  Washu had told him how all of this had happened.

Half an  hour eariler...

    "Washu is she going to be okay?"  Tenchi asked with tears in his eyes
and an expression that Washu couldn't quite place.

    "She'll be fine,"  Washu replied, tearstains still on her face, but with
a look of relief instead of worry.  "But she's not the one i'm worried
about."

    "Who did this to her?" He asked, his eyes blazing with hate.  "I swear I
will..."

    He was about to say something else when Washu cut him off.  "It was
Kagato, he's still alive somehow.  Washu shivered at the thought of what he
had done to her little girl.  She had been so young, so innocent.

2005 years ago...

   A teenage girl with cyan hair sat on a cushion, reading a magizine and
listening to music.  An older woman with pink/red hair walked in and ruffled
the girls hair, creating another floating cushion and sitting in front of
her.

    "Whatcha reading?"  The older woman asked, tilting her head to the side.
The younger girl didn't have time to respond.  A loud ringing noise filled
the room.

    A loud, male voice seemed to come from everywhere in the room.  "So, you
really thought you could escape me, Washu?"  The voice laughed as both washu
and her daughter, Ryoko were trapped inside energy bubbles.

::End flashback::

    Washu shivered at the memory, which was when Kagato had taken Ryoko away
from her.

    Tenchi stood in front of Washu, waving his hand in front of her face.

    "She's awake."  He said quietly as he began to approach the table,
wiping away his tears and trying to smile.

    Washu unintentionally changed into her adult form at the sight of her
daughter's condition.  For a few seconds Ryoko stared at Tenchi, he was so
kind and giving, she would hate for him to get hurt because of her.

    "Mom, what happened?"  Washu was reluctant in telling her because of
what Kagato had done to Ryoko in the past,

   "He's back."  It was a simple answer but it said a lot to Ryoko.

  Ryoko started to cry again, her tears falling silently.  Washu sat beside
her and tried to comfort her, and Tenchi did the same.  Tenchi couldn't
stand to see her cry any longer.

    "Ryoko I swear I will..."  But he was once again cut off, this time by
Ryoko.

    "No Tenchi,"  Ryoko said this in a stronger voice.  "I will not see you
die at his hands.

    "Ryoko, nothing is going to happen to me, I'll be fine I've fought
Kagato before.

    Ryoko continued to cry.  "He is stronger, I know he is, he'll kill you
Tenchi!"

  Ryoko then broke down into sobs, crying into Tenchi's shoulder.

   "If you were to ever die..."  She managed to choke out between sobs.

Meanwhile aboard the Soja...

  Tokimi's hologram stood behind Kagato as they watched the scene at the
Masaki household.  She smiled as the picture of Washu and Ryoko crying
flashed across the screen.  "So now, we know their weaknesses, you did well
after all, Kagato."  Kagato smirked as he stood in front of his new
'master'.  So, they knew he was alive.  He had a feeling Washu had known all
along, but he did not tell Tokimi of this.  He remembered the day he had met
Tokimi, the day he had been defeated by that weakling boy.   He sneered in
disgust.  The 'Jurian prince' was no match for him now, now that he had the
power of a godess helping him, he could never be defeated.  His train of
though was broken as the communication with Earth was cut off.  Tokimi
focused her attention on him.  She spoke in a low, monotone voice that sent
chills up his spine.  "We must attack soon, while they are still weak."  She
then dissapeared.  Kagato was left with a satasfied smile on his face as he
began planning the next attack.

***********************************************************

A.N: Sorry, but i'm gonna have to leave ya hangin on this one!!!!
Ok, so you probably didn't like it, but PLEASE GIVE ME FEEDBACK OF ANY
KIND!!!!! E-mail is :  ryuki07@aol.com