All "Tenchi Muyo" references are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LD. 
This is an amateur, non-commercial story which is not produced, 
approved of, or in any way sponsored by the holders of the 
trademarks/copyrights from which this work is derived, nor is it 
intended to infringe on the rights of these holders. And so it goes.

CHERRY BLOSSOMS - Part Two
By Jeff Morris (jeffreysmorris@aol.com)

	Ryoko could not believe three weeks could pass so damned slowly. Days came 
and went with almost maddening slowness, and it was all she could do to keep 
from screaming with sheer frustration. There was so much time and so little at 
hand to fill it with.
She slept late into the morning. She spent an hour or two poring over the huge 
collection of books and manga in Nobuyuki's library, and on more than one 
occasion wondered if Tenchi really knew what his father kept in there. She 
helped the best she could with the chores, especially those that enabled her to 
sit down while working. She spent many an afternoon in the onsen, soaking in the 
warm waters and sipping at sake. She watched her soap operas. She sat with 
Tenchi, Mihoshi and Sasami in the evenings before calling it a day far earlier 
than she used to.
	Ryoko chatted with Sasami as the young princess prepared the daily meals. 
She tried to conduct a decent conversation with Mihoshi a few times, to no 
avail. Tenchi took her to town for ice cream and other quick trips (she'd worked 
things out with Ryo-oh-ki to a point where no one could tell she was floating, 
not walking). She even tried to talk to Washu, but the scientist was rarely in a 
mood to do more than give curt answers and occasionally wince. Ryoko wondered if 
the stress was giving her mother headaches, but those questions usually resulted 
in "I'm fine, I'm busy, go on and find something else to do besides pestering 
your poor mother."
	She occasionally tried to start an argument, but Tenchi would just smile 
and shake his head, Sasami would giggle, and Mihoshi...well, there was no point 
in starting a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent. Though it killed her to 
admit it even privately...Ryoko missed Ayeka. A little. Sort of.
	Every so often, though, something unexpected would happen, temporarily 
alleviating the tedium. There was, for example, the afternoon when Yosho had 
come down from the shrine and joined Mihoshi by the clothesline. Ryoko was 
sitting in a chair on the porch, sipping at some water and reading manga and 
completely oblivious, or so it appeared.
	"Mihoshi," Yosho began, looking slightly uncomfortable. "I was wondering 
how you were."
	"Oh, I'm fine," Mihoshi assured him. "How are you?"
	"I'm well." Yosho looked around nervously and cleared his throat. 
Interesting, Ryoko thought. "I...noticed you haven't been up to the shrine 
lately. Some of my regular visitors commented on your absence as well."
	"Really?" Mihoshi continued pinning laundry on the line. "Well, you know 
how it is. With Ayeka still gone, I have to help out down here more." She 
flashed a shy, beguiling smile at him. "Have you missed me?"
	"I...yes, I have," Yosho said, a slight stammer in his voice. 
"You...brighten the shrine when you're there, Mihoshi. People have commented on 
how friendly you are to them."
	"Gee, that's sweet of you, Yosho!" Mihoshi reddened slightly as she 
giggled. "Well, maybe I could come up a bit more, if you really miss me that 
much." Her gaze suddenly turned sly. "I didn't think an 'old man' would be that 
interested, that he'd come down from his shrine just to see if I was okay."
	"Mihoshi..."
	"You're not an old man, though, are you?" Before he could reply, she was 
bouncing merrily up the steps back into the house. Yosho stood there, watching 
her go with his mouth slightly agape, then he realized Ryoko was watching. He 
glared at the amused woman. "Do you have something to say?" he asked gruffly.
	"Yeah. You're doomed." Ryoko chuckled. "She's on to you, Yosho. You'd 
better give in."
	"I don't know what you're talking about," the priest grumbled as he headed 
back to his shrine, Ryoko's laughter ringing in his burning ears.

* * * * *

	Ryoko was lounging in the onsen with a magazine and bottle of sake one 
afternoon when a large shadow passed overhead. Glancing up to see what was 
disturbing her personal time, she was stunned to see a long, sleek ship, 
unquestionably of Juraian design, hovering overhead. It didn't look like 
anything she'd ever encountered in her travels.
	A very familiar voice came booming from the craft: "ATTENTION, SPACE 
PIRATE RYOKO. I KNOW YOU'RE THERE, YOU DEMON WOMAN, AND I WANT YOU TO KNOW YOU 
AREN'T GETTING AWAY THIS TIME. MY SHIP IS FAR FASTER THAN THAT TIRED LITTLE 
CABBIT YOU USE."
	A grin spread slowly across Ryoko's features. "Ayeka."
	''OF COURSE, KNOWING YOU, YOU'LL NO DOUBT TRY TO ESCAPE. UNLESS 
YOU'RE...WHAT'S THE TERM THEY USE?...OH YES. 'CHICKEN'. YOU CERTAINLY WOULDN'T 
WANT TENCHI TO THINK THAT, WOULD YOU? NO MATTER HOW TRUE IT MIGHT BE."
	"Keep talking, Princess," Ryoko muttered, still grinning as she slowly 
worked her way out of the pool and mentally summoned Ryo-oh-ki.
	"SO LET'S MAKE THIS SPORTING, SO I CAN PROVE TO TENCHI ONCE AND FOR ALL 
WHO THE BETTER WOMAN IS. YOU GET YOUR SILLY LITTLE CARROT-EATER, AND WE'LL HAVE 
A RACE--ONE LAP, HERE TO PLUTO AND BACK. WINNER TAKE ALL. WHAT DO YOU SAY?"
	"Oh, honey, you are ON..." At her command, Ryo-oh-ki leaped into the air 
and 
transformed into her spaceship form, howling with joy at finally getting to have 
some fun. Ryoko slipped her clothing on--she missed being able to generate it at 
will--and asked Ryo-oh-ki to take her up. Seconds later she was sitting in her 
command chair, licking her lips and rubbing her hands with glee.
	"All right, Princess. Whenever you're ready...to lose, that is," she 
called to the Juraian ship.
	Ayeka's image popped up on the com-screen. "On the count of three, 
then...you do know how to count to three, don't you?"
	"Ho, ho, ho. Prepare to get blown away, little girl." Ryoko gave the 
order, and Ryo-oh-ki shot heavenward. Moments later they'd left Earth behind and 
were en route to Pluto, top speed. To her shock, however, Ayeka's ship was right 
behind and gaining fast. "Wow," Ryoko whistled. "Daddy must have opened the 
purse strings for this one."
	The two ships roared neck-and-neck past Saturn. Ryoko's smile had grown 
into an almost feral snarl. "Go, Ryo-oh-ki!" she bellowed, urging her on. "Show 
her what you've got!"
	"Ryu-Oh," Ayeka said from the bridge of her craft. "Floor it." The Juraian 
ship edged ahead for a heartbeat, then Ryo-oh-ki caught up.
	Meanwhile, Mihoshi was just finishing her periodic report when Yukinojo 
reported two ships were violating the speed limits established for this zone. 
"The first ship is unidentified, but apparently Juraian in design," he stated 
crisply. "The other is...oh dear."
	"What?" Mihoshi cried, staring at the radar screen that showed the two 
craft zooming past her position.
	"Mihoshi, the other ship is Ryo-oh-ki."
	"Oh boy! Ayeka must be back!"
	"Mihoshi, they are both in violation of several speed statutes."
	"Yeah, I guess so." Mihoshi watched the two icons loop around Pluto and 
start their return journey. "Well, that's okay, Yukinojo. They're just having 
fun."
	"Mihoshi..."
	"And besides, I can give them the tickets at dinner!"

* * * * *

	They sat on the back porch after the evening meal, taking in the 
incredible Technicolor sunset and feeling pretty well satisfied with life for 
the moment. "Nice race," Ryoko finally offered.
	"Yes, it was," Ayeka agreed. She sipped at a cup of tea. "Who did win, 
anyway?"
	"I'm not sure. Let's call it a draw. Maybe we can have a rematch once Ryo-
oh-ki recovers." The cabbit was sound asleep on Ryoko's lap, snoring softly.
	"That would be fun," Ayeka said, nodding. "Remind me, though," she added, 
"to sedate Mihoshi beforehand. As if I was going to pay those tickets." She 
snorted at the thought.
	"They certainly burned up quickly," Ryoko noted.
	"Fire will do that."
	"That it will." Ryoko watched the sun make its final descent; the stars 
were just beginning to come out above. "I didn't miss you one bit, you know."
	"Really?" Ayeka hid a smile. "Well, I certainly didn't give you more than 
a very occasional passing thought, myself."
	"Occasional? Princess, I didn't know you cared."
	"It was very occasional."
	Ryoko laughed. "Okay, okay. I might have missed having you around. But 
just a bit. There was no one to argue or fight with."
	"It must have been traumatic for you," Ayeka said solemnly, then broke 
into a laugh. "It's good to be back, though." She fell silent for a moment, then 
cleared her throat. "I wanted to apologize for what happened that one day, when 
Mother showed up," she began.
	"No," Ryoko said, shaking her head. "I shouldn't have hit you like that."
	"You had every right to." Ayeka lowered her head. "Ryoko...I can't promise 
that I won't fuss and bother you in the future. We both know better." She smiled 
slightly. "But...when I do offer to help and you say no, I'll try to respect 
that."
	"I appreciate that." Ryoko closed her eyes. "It was so beautiful up there 
today...I felt so alive and free. Sometimes I wish I could just stay out there 
forever." A sigh escaped through her lips. "But I open my eyes and here I am."
	"I'm sorry."
	"Yeah, aren't we all?" Ryoko shook her head and smiled ruefully. "Don't 
you think you ought to see Tenchi now?"
	Ayeka prayed that her blush couldn't be seen in the growing darkness. "I'm 
sorry?"
	"Tenchi. You remember? The guy we were fighting over." Ryoko chuckled. 
"Don't play dumb with me, Princess. I'm sick, not blind."
	"I...thought you'd have already captured his heart, lock and key," Ayeka 
said, trying to joke.
	"Ayeka, the two of you were putting out pheromones all through dinner," 
Ryoko laughed. "It's okay, really. God knows there's no future between Tenchi 
and me, so you might as well be the one to make him happy." She slowly rose to 
her feet, disturbing Ryo-oh-ki's slumber. The cabbit meowed in protest, glaring 
at her mistress momentarily before claiming the warm spot where Ryoko had been 
sitting.
	Ryoko regarded Ayeka intently. "If I can't be his, I'd rather you be the 
one than anyone else. I mean that."
	"Ryoko..."
	"Go on. I'm sure he's waiting somewhere out there for you." Ryoko made a 
lazy wave out toward the lake. "I'm going inside and watching television with 
Sasami. And if we're really lucky tonight, Washu might come out and grouch at 
us."
	"What's wrong with Washu?" 
	"Who knows? She's holed up in her lab like a hermit crab, and when she 
does come out on those rare occasions, she looks like someone's hitting her head 
with a brick." Ryoko yawned and stretched. "Good night, Princess."
	"Good night, Ryoko," Ayeka said, not moving from where she was sitting 
until she was quite sure the other woman was inside and settled in.
	Then she went off in search of Tenchi.


* * * * *

	Sasami was performing her daily ritual of gathering everyone for lunch 
when she came across Ryoko in an unusual place. She was inside the bedroom 
they'd created for her benefit, sitting on the edge of the bed and running her 
fingers along the never-used comforter. Her expression was thoughtful as she 
traced the rose patterns on the cloth surface. "What'cha doing?" 
	Ryoko jumped slightly at the young girl's voice. "Sasami? Oh, I was 
just...thinking, that's all." With an effort she lifted herself from the bed and 
steadied herself. "What's for lunch? I'm starved."
	"Lunch?" Washu's voice roared through the doorway. "Who could possibly 
think of lunch when she could behold my latest and most incredible invention to 
date?" The petite scientist appeared seconds later, almost manic in her 
greeting. "Well? Are you going to just stand there, or are you going to come 
see?"
	"All right," Ryoko said tiredly. "Just give me a minute, okay? I don't get 
around as well as I used to-as you'd know if you bothered to come out of your 
lab every so often." She closed her eyes and concentrated, summoning Ryo-oh-ki 
to her side.
	"You can't keep that up forever," Washu said, her eyes narrowing slightly. 
"That takes a great deal out of her, and you're asking for her help more and 
more every day."
	"Ryo-oh-ki doesn't mind," Ryoko snapped as the cabbit appeared through the 
far wall; she meowed in greeting and jumped on her mistress' shoulder. Ryoko's 
body rose about an inch off the floor, and together they drifted out of the 
bedroom to see Washu's new toy.
	It sat in the center of the living room, a mixture of rich Corinthian 
leather and metallic pieces painted bright red. Control panels were embedded in 
each armrest, and the seat appeared to be quite well cushioned. No wheels could 
be seen; instead, it hovered a few inches above the floor, much as Ryoko was at 
the moment.
	"Great," Ryoko said after a moment. "The ultimate high-tech Lazy Boy. I'm 
thrilled, Washu."
	"A high-tech..." Extreme annoyance flashed in Washu's angry green eyes. 
"This, my dear little Ryoko, is in fact a beyond-state-of-the-art hoverchair, 
designed for maximum efficiency and comfort. It can be operated either via the 
arm-rest controls or through direct cybernetic commands-it's been programmed to 
respond to your brainwave patterns. It's silent, it's efficient, it's 
environmentally safe...and it's for you." She motioned for Ryoko to sit down in 
the contraption.
	"You have got to be kidding," Ryoko replied.
	"Can I sit in it?" Sasami asked eagerly. "It looks really cool!"
	"Go right ahead, Sasami," Washu said tightly, her eyes never wavering from 
Ryoko's. The young princess climbed eagerly aboard, putting the chair through 
some basic maneuvers and giggling as she made it spin and rock. Caught up in the 
excitement, Ryo-oh-ki leaped from Ryoko's shoulder to join her friend.
	Ryoko fell to the floor like a sandbag.
	Ayeka had been descending the staircase; she froze in mid-step, a hand to 
her mouth as she watched Ryoko struggle to sit up. Sasami's face was white as 
snow as she quickly stopped the chair and hurried over to the fallen woman. Ryo-
oh-ki was already there, her eyes wide as she trembled and begged forgiveness in 
her strange tongue. 
	Washu remained where she was, wincing slightly but saying nothing.
	Ryoko finally righted herself. She looked around at the spectators and 
sighed. "My turn," she said, reaching toward the chair. To the surprise of all 
but one of them, it moved silently over to her side. With Ayeka and Sasami's 
assistance, Ryoko was quickly and properly seated. She had to admit, it was 
pretty darned comfortable. Glancing down at the controls, she pressed a button 
at random and gasped as a foot massager hummed into life.
	"Wow," she breathed, savoring the feel of the vibrations against the soles 
of her feet. "I could get used to this really quick. Thanks, Washu!"
	"You're welcome," the scientist replied.
	"What else does it do?" Ryoko asked eagerly.
	"Well..." Washu paused, swaying for just a moment before recovering. "It's 
connected to my computer servers, so you can call up a version of my laptop and 
surf the Internet. It can reach about twenty miles an hour, but I wouldn't push 
it too far. It has retractable headlights, a CD/DVD and eight-track player..."
	"Eight-track?"
	Washu glared at her daughter. "I like eight-track, thank you very much."
	"Sorry."
	"Anyway, it's got a special heating system for the cold weather, a pair of 
drink holders, stereo speakers, a cellular phone option, and whatever else I 
could think of at the time."
	Ryoko nodded, impressed. "Anything it can't do?"
	Washu nodded. "Stairs."
	"But..." Ryoko shook her head. "My bedroom's upstairs..."
	Washu motioned to the unused bedroom. "There's always that one, little 
Ryoko. Time to stop being obstinate and accept your limitations."
	"I'll...think about it," Ryoko conceded reluctantly.
	"Miss Washu," Ayeka said, "this is certainly an incredible device you've 
developed. But...don't you think it's a bit too futuristic to be seen in public, 
such as in town? Won't people talk?"
	"Are you kidding?" Washu laughed. "This is Japan. People will just figure 
it's the next thing from Sony. But, if it bothers you," she added, "there's also 
a 'mirage' feature that will send a signal to strangers' optical nerves. They'll 
see a plain old wheelchair."
	"Washu, I've got to admit, you really outdid yourself this time," Ryoko 
said. "Thanks."
	"You're...welcome," the scientist said. Her mouth clamped tightly shut, 
and her fist clenched spasmodically. "If you'll...excuse me...I've got a 
headache..." 
She was back in her lab before anyone could respond.

* * * * *

	The throbbing in Washu's head started diminishing the instant the door to 
her lab shut. She stood still for several minutes, taking deep breaths and 
performing a few handy mental discipline rituals to shove the pain deep in the 
back of her mind. She couldn't let it distract her. Ryoko's life was at stake.
Once she'd regained her mental equilibrium, Washu hurried over to her main 
workbench. She'd been experimenting with an amino-acid compound, trying to 
unlock Kagato's virus from a different angle. Sighing, she took a long look 
through the spectroscope results--nothing. Another failure, the latest one in a 
long line. She typed a few notes into her computer and went on to the next test.
	Given that Kagato's bioelectric frequency had kept the thing from 
activating in the first place, it logically stood to reason that, if Washu were 
able to duplicate that signal, the virus might shut down, resulting in an 
indefinite stay of execution that would give her enough time to eventually 
eradicate it. Unfortunately, the bastard's death had complicated things. Washu 
was contemplating a time travel trip to either get a few scans or simply snatch 
Kagato and keep him under lock and key, laws of time and space be damned. The 
latter had a certain appeal, she had to admit; Washu was dying to administer 
five thousand years of payback.
	It would take a lot of time and resource allocation to build the time 
machine, though, and Washu just wasn't confident that it would work out. She 
kept the scheme on the back burner, though, and every now and then she'd take a 
few hours off to tinker with a prototype. It helped keep her mind off the 
situation...and the pain.
	Washu gasped as a sliver of agony slipped past her barriers and stabbed 
into her brain. She had to keep working. Food could wait. Sleep could wait. 
Priorities.
	Time was the enemy.

* * * * * 

	After dinner, Ryoko watched television with Sasami, Ayeka and Tenchi. One 
by one, they made their good nights and headed upstairs. When the television 
stopped being interesting, she thumbed through a few magazines, then 
painstakingly worked herself into the damned chair and headed to the kitchen for 
a snack. She wandered outside and stared out at the still lake; the moon's 
reflection upon the water seemed to make a path to the horizon, calling to her 
to follow.
	She shook her head and sighed audibly, then headed back inside and made 
her way to the first floor bedroom. Someone had thoughtfully turned the bed 
covers back. It had probably been Ayeka; it was certainly the kind of thing 
she'd do. Thankfully, there was no mint on the pillow. Ryoko stared at the 
inviting confines for some time, then turned away. Her gaze fell upon the 
calendar hanging on the wall. "Wrong month," she muttered to herself, ripping 
the old pages off until it was up to date.
	Her eyes drifted back to the bed.
	With a grunt of effort Ryoko extricated herself from the chair and managed 
to end up on the mattress without falling. She suddenly realized that getting 
undressed was going to require some help, but decided to just sleep in what she 
was wearing. There just didn't seem to be any point in making a fuss about it.
	Ryoko tucked her legs under the covers and pulled the sheets up around her 
chest. Only then did she look up at the ceiling for the very first time. A soft 
gasp flew from her lips as the night sky danced above her.
	Nobuyuki, knowing whom the room would be for, had designed the biggest 
skylight ever seen. It was almost like being on the roof again.
	"Thank you," Ryoko whispered to the darkness, and lay there awake for some 
time, staring up into the night.

* * * * *

	Mihoshi took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and stepped out the airlock. 
A second or so later, her feet sent a small cloud of dust into the air as they 
met the ground. She sneezed and waved the tiny gray fog out of her face, then 
moved carefully forward, eyes narrowed and determined. "Can you hear me, 
Yukinojo?" she called.
	"I certainly can, Mihoshi. Loud and clear." The sentient computer had 
calculated a 99.457 percentage probability that this desolate asteroid in sector 
2814 was in fact one of Kagato's deserted hideaways; probabilities weren't 
facts, though, so it had to be checked out. Of course, the Galaxy Police 
wouldn't be happy about Mihoshi leaving her post on personal business, so 
Yukinojo had been forced to do some judicious fudging in the ship's log to cover 
their tracks.
	"You must be careful, Mihoshi," the computer reminded his mistress. 
"Kagato was very canny. If this is one of his headquarters, it's certainly 
likely to be booby-trapped."
"Oh, don't you worry," the lovely detective replied. "I'm on the case!" As she 
spoke, her foot drifted through the beam of an infra-red sensor...and all hell 
broke loose.
	Explosion after explosion roared all around her. Mihoshi screamed and 
leaped into the air, neatly avoiding instant incineration as an array of 
flamethrowers fired at the point where she'd been standing. She landed on a pile 
of debris that promptly collapsed, sending her flying heavenward again. Her 
screams could barely be heard over the cacophony going on all around her.
	Yukinojo activated the ship defensive mechanisms and pushed all external 
sensors to their maximum range. "Mihoshi!" he called urgently through the chaos 
taking place outside. "Mihoshi! Are you all right? Answer me! Mihoshi?" But 
there was no reply to be heard as the walls and ceiling descended to the ground 
with a mighty crash.
	Silence fell over the ruins. Yukinojo struggled to penetrate the dense 
dust cloud that had risen. "Mihoshi, please answer me!" he called, sounding 
almost frantic. "Mihoshi!"
	And then came the sweetest sound the computer had ever heard: "Owie."
	"Mihoshi? Are you there? Please reply!"
	"Yukinojo?" He heard a distinctive sneeze or three over the comlink and 
would have sighed in relief if he'd had the capability. "Uhh, yeah. I'm fine. 
Really. Wow. What a mess, huh?"
	"Are you hurt, Mihoshi?"
	"Uhh, no. I ended up under a console." There was a long pause; Yukinojo 
heard his mistress grunting and straining, probably trying to get out of her 
haven. "Hey, guess what? This is the main computer console, and I think it's 
still working!"
	"Are you sure, Mihoshi?"
	"Well, all the little lights are blinking...it must have turned itself on 
somehow."
	"Very well. Please find the external data outlet and plug my data feed 
retriever into it, then return to the ship immediately."
	"Will do! Uhh...How's that?"
	Wave upon wave of data assaulted Yukinojo's input port. He set up a buffer 
queue to store it for virus scanning and data quality checking, then returned 
his attention to his mistress. "Well done, Mihoshi. You can return to the ship 
now."
	"Will do. Umm...just where is the ship, Yukinojo?"

* * * * *

	In what had become an almost daily ritual, Ryoko was once again waiting 
for Tenchi halfway between the fields and the house. This time, however, she was 
using the hoverchair instead of Ryo-oh-ki. She waved cheerfully at him as he 
approached, straining slightly under the weight of the harvested carrots. 
	"Looks like quite a crop," Ryoko remarked. She was toying with the edges 
of her vest, her hands nervously twisting and turning them about. "I know one 
cabbit who's going to feast quite well this winter."
	"Assuming, of course, she doesn't eat it all at once," Tenchi laughed. He 
waited for Ryoko to slip her arm around his, then resumed his pace, letting her 
drift alongside him. "So, how are things now that Ayeka's back?"
	"Better, but still too dull," she replied, her voice a little higher-
sounding than normal. "Would you believe she refuses to argue with me?" Ryoko 
rolled her eyes. "She just gives me this indulgent smile and moves on with 
whatever she's doing. I swear, I liked her better before she went back to 
Jurai." A high-pitched giggle slipped past her lips, which she quickly 
extinguished.
	"Oh, I'm sure this is just a brief lull," Tenchi assured her. "Sooner or 
later one of you will set the other off."
	"Well, I hope so. She keeps this up and I may start actually liking her a 
little. Did you know she's teaching me needlepoint?" Ryoko fell silent for a 
while, trying to control her pounding heart. Her mouth felt as dry as the 
desert, and she couldn't completely control the trembling that shot through her 
every so often. She prayed quietly that he hadn't noticed her nervousness, then 
took a deep breath and steeled herself. "Tenchi?"
	"Hmmm?" 
	"Would you make love to me?"
	"WHAT?" Tenchi came to a dead stop and turned to face her. "Ryoko," he 
stammered. "I...I mean..."
	"Look," she said as reasonably as her shaking voice would allow. "I'm 
relatively healthy right now, but pretty soon I'm going to be in a lot worse 
shape. I'm probably going to die. Tenchi..." Her eyes grew wide and pleading, 
tearing slightly. "I don't want to die never knowing...I want..."
	He stared into those hypnotic yellow eyes for a long time, then smiled 
slightly. "Ryoko...I..." He turned slightly crimson. "It's just that...well, 
I've never...done that. I might not be...any good..."
	"Tenchi," she said softly. "To be in your arms, to feel you against me, 
touching me, loving me...that's more than enough for me. I don't care about 
technique or ability. I want to love you, just once. I don't care what Ayeka 
might say or think, or Mihoshi, or Washu, or anyone. All I'm asking is for one 
time, one night." She looked into his eyes. "I know you love me, Tenchi. I've 
always known it. And you know I love you. Please?"
	He stood there for long minutes, staring into her face, feeling the warmth 
of her body against his. Tenchi felt the blush on his skin deepen, and prayed 
for the right words to say. "Ryoko," he finally said, "can I...I really need to 
think about this."
	Her face fell. "Don't worry about it," she said too quickly, turning away 
from him. "It...it was a stupid thing to say. I was just kidding, Tenchi. Don't 
give it another thought."
	"Ryoko." His hand moved to touch her cheek, gently guiding her face back 
to his. "It wasn't stupid." He smiled slightly. "It's just...I mean, this is a 
big step. For both of us. It's not something I'd ever do on a whim. It 
isn't...that I don't want to. Please understand that. I just..."
"You just want to talk to Ayeka about it," Ryoko said with more bitterness in 
her tones than she'd meant to show. "Get her approval."
	Tenchi hesitated. "Ayeka is a part of this," he finally said. "It wouldn't 
be right to do this and hide it from her."
	"Any more than you two have trying to hide your little games from me?" 
Ryoko laughed harshly. "God, Tenchi, how stupid do you think I am? You two leave 
separately for a few hours, you come back radiating enough pheromones to stop an 
army. You share those little looks and start blushing and smiling. I'd be 
surprised if you two haven't slept together, or come close." She pulled her arm 
free and ordered her chair forward, partly out of anger but mostly so that he 
wouldn't see her crying. "I can't blame you for wanting her. God knows I won't 
be around much longer."
	"Ryoko!" How Tenchi had managed to get ahead of her, she wasn't sure, but 
he was leaning forward, palms pressed against the chair to slow its forward 
momentum. "Ryoko," he repeated, more quietly this time, but his eyes were 
blazing. "Yes, I care for Ayeka, and yes, things have gone past 'just friends' 
with her. But that's all. And what you said..."
	"...is true, and you know it."
	Tenchi shook his head in exasperation. "Look, I didn't say 'no'! I said I 
wanted to think about it, okay? Is that asking so much, especially since you've 
obviously been planning this for a while? If we do this, I want it to be right. 
I want it to be...special." He sighed heavily. "Please, Ryoko. This is something 
important. It changes things. Give me a little time. That's all I'm asking."
	Ryoko looked into those deep eyes of his and felt her heart twinge. She 
couldn't refuse him. She never could. "All right," she finally said, nodding. 
"I'm sorry about what I said, too," she added.
	"It's okay." Tenchi motioned for her to resume their trip back home. "No 
one's expecting you to be 'Saint Ryoko', y'know."
	"Has a nice ring to it, though."
	"Yeah, maybe..."

* * * * *

	Ayeka was standing at the lakeshore that evening, apparently staring out 
at the sunset. Ryoko was hesitant to disturb her, especially if Tenchi had had 
that 'little discussion' with her, but directed her chair over to the princess 
anyway. If there was going to be a battle, best to get it over with--but for 
some odd reason, Ryoko wasn't looking forward to it, this time.
	Ayeka's eyes were closed, a gentle smile on her lips. A moment later, the 
reason for her expression was made clear as Ryu-Oh emerged from subspace. 
"Hello, you little fuss," she said quietly. Ryoko cleared her throat; Ayeka 
gasped and turned toward her. "Oh--you startled me," she said with a slight 
laugh.
	"Sorry." Ryoko tried to smile, but it looked painfully forced. 
"Ayeka...can we talk?"
	"Well, I was going to take Ryu-Oh out for a little exercise, but if you'd 
like to come, I wouldn't mind the company." When Ryoko nodded agreement, Ayeka 
brought them aboard the ship and sent the craft heavenward. 
	For a long time neither of them said anything; Ayeka was in silent 
communion with her tree, while Ryoko was content to stare at the stars and savor 
the moment. So rapt was she that it took her a few minutes to realize the 
princess was watching her expectantly. "Sorry."
	"You wanted to talk about...something," Ayeka said, her tone implying she 
knew quite well what the subject would be.
	"Yeah." Ryoko looked down at her hands. "I guess Tenchi talked to you."
	"Yes, he did." 
	"And?"
	Ayeka shrugged. "What am I supposed to say, Ryoko? 'Go on, have a great 
time'? 'Don't you dare, or I'll hate you forever'?" She shook her head. "It's 
not like I have any claim on Tenchi's affections, you know."
	"Bull," Ryoko snapped. 
	"A few kisses and embraces every so often do not constitute possession," 
Ayeka retorted. "If Tenchi chooses to do this, so be it. I won't stop him."
	"You say the word, and it won't happen," Ryoko declared angrily. "Whether 
you think so or not, you're a part of this. Yeah, I want this; I want it more 
than you know. But if it's going to hurt you, then it won't happen. End of 
story."
	"Oh, come on Ryoko. You -knew- it would hurt me," Ayeka shot back. "I'd be 
lying if I said it didn't. And since when have you ever cared about hurting me?"
	"I care!" Ryoko yelled. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't care! I'd be in 
Tenchi's arms right now, laughing about how I finally got one up on you!"
	"Well then, what's stopping you?" Ayeka demanded.
	"Because you're my friend!" Ryoko cried out without thinking.
	The conversation stopped instantly; the two women stared at one another 
incredulously. "Did...did you really mean that?" Ayeka asked softly.
	Ryoko thought about it. "I guess I do," she finally said. "Yeah. I do. 
You're my friend. Aren't you?"
	A smile slowly grew on Ayeka's face. "Yes, I think so. I am. Imagine 
that." She chuckled quietly. "I suppose the next thing that will happen now is 
we'll find Mihoshi giving Washu advice on scientific matters, hmm?"
	Ryoko couldn't help but grin back. "Well, if we can agree to be friends, 
who knows what's possible? Maybe Washu will find a cure for this after all, you 
know?"
	"You can't give up hope."
	"I haven't...not completely," Ryoko said, her expression growing somber 
again. "But every day, it gets a little harder to keep it up."
"I know." Ayeka sighed. "All right, Ryoko. You want my blessing? You have it, 
for all that it matters. I told Tenchi the same thing, and then I sent him up to 
the shrine to talk with Yosho about it."
	"Yosho?" Ryoko asked, confused.
	"Tenchi needs the advice of an older, experienced man so that he can gain 
an understanding of the right way to go about things."
	"He does have a father, you know."
	Ayeka stared at Ryoko, incredulous. "Do you really think, after that 
afternoon we spent in his 'library', that I'd allow Tenchi to get advice from 
Nobuyuki?"
	Ryoko hesitated a moment or two, and then began to chuckle. "Oh my god, 
you're right..." Ayeka's high-pitched giggle kicked in, and within thirty 
seconds the two of them were helpless with laughter.
	"God, we're terrible..." Ryoko said, gasping for breath.
	"You know what's worse?" Ayeka wheezed.
	"What?"
	"We're fighting over Tenchi again, but this time we're trying to get the 
other to claim him!" That set off another round of hysteria, this one lasting 
far longer than the other, until they were utterly exhausted. Ayeka fell back 
into a chair, still giggling; Ryoko's eyes were closed, her mouth twitching.
	"Boy, this is weird," she finally commented.
	"It certainly is." Ayeka sighed and closed her eyes. "Ryoko...if you're 
going to do this, it's going to require some advance planning. Would you like 
some assistance?"
	Ryoko opened one eye. "So not only are you giving me Tenchi for a night, 
you're going to participate in how I'm going to go about it?"
	"If you want something done right..."
	"Okay. I...could use some help." Ryoko leaned back in her chair and 
activated the 'heat massage' feature. It felt heavenly on her back. "Ayeka...one 
other thing. I...don't really know...how...either."
	"Don't look at me," Ayeka laughed. "Why don't you ask Washu?"
	"I did."
	"And?"
	Ryoko sighed. "She handed me a pile of books, told me to read them and if 
I had any questions, to come back and see her."
	Ayeka smiled and shook her head. "Fascinating. That's the exact same thing 
my mother did when I came of age."

* * * * *

	Washu stared at the steady data stream pouring down her display screen. 
"Where," she said slowly and almost evenly, "did you get this, Mihoshi?"
	"Ummm, gee," the detective said. "Well, I guess I just kind of stumbled 
onto one of Kagato's old labs while I was on patrol, you know, Washu?"
	"You...just kind of...stumbled." Washu slowly turned around to face 
Mihoshi. 
"While on patrol in the Solar System...you...just kind of stumbled...onto one of 
Kagato's secret outposts. Despite the fact that I've checked every planet 
several times and never once found any trace of his work on any of them."
	Mihoshi shrugged. "Well, what can I say? I got lucky, I guess!"

* * * * *

	"Tenchi..." He paused in his work in the carrot fields and looked up to 
find Ayeka waving at him from beneath the shade of his usual lunch break tree. 
Smiling, Tenchi set his hoe down and trotted over to her side. To his surprise, 
though, the princess neatly eluded his attempted embrace.
	"Ayeka?" he said, confused.
	"We need to talk about you and Ryoko," she said firmly.
	"Oh." He smiled uneasily and rubbed his neck. "Ayeka, if you don't want me 
to do this, I won't..."
	"On the contrary, you will. Thursday night, to be precise. I would suggest 
you get a bath in the early afternoon and take a nap afterwards, as Ryoko will 
be doing the exact opposite. That way you'll both be refreshed for the evening."
	"Wait. Are you telling me...you're ARRANGING this?"
	Ayeka nodded.
	"You're...arranging...this...thing...between Ryoko and me?"
	"That's correct, Tenchi."
	"And you've got it...scheduled? On a list?"
	"Mother Funaho always said it was important to plan ahead and write things 
down."
	Tenchi sank to the ground, dazed. "I don't believe this."
	"This isn't something that can happen spontaneously, Tenchi. Not with 
Ryoko's...problems. I offered my assistance as her...friend...and she accepted."
	"But, Ayeka..." Tenchi looked up at her. "Isn't this kind of hard on you?"
	"I'll manage."
	"Ayeka..." He rose to his feet, trying to take her in his arms. But the 
princess raised one hand and pressed it gently against his chest to halt his 
progress. "Ayeka?"
	"Tenchi..." She looked away from his eyes. "I think you know how I feel 
about you. But...this is not the right time. She needs your full attention. If 
we were to continue with our...encounters, it would only divide your heart 
further. I won't do that to my...friend. So for now...I think it best that 
we...stop."
 	"But..."
	She pressed two fingers against his lips. "Tenchi, you have no idea how it 
grieves me to do this. But I won't come between you and Ryoko. I can't do that 
to my friend."
	"Even if it hurts me as well?" he blurted out.
	She nodded. "Even if."
	Tenchi's expression was sweetly sorrowful. "I wish...I wish it could be 
all three of us, together," he said sadly.
	"I wish that too, Tenchi. But right now, wishes don't seem to be coming 
true too often." She pulled away slowly. "I have to get back to the house and 
finish the chores. 
We'll see you later."
	Tenchi watched her diminish in the distance, then called out: "Ayeka?" She 
paused but did not turn back. Frustrated, heart aching, he thought of a hundred 
things to say to her, but all that came out was, "I still love you."
	She nodded, waved, and continued on her way.

* * * * *

	Prior to her little sister's birth, Ayeka had been the sole pride and joy 
of her mother and father. Upon Sasami's arrival, though, parental attention had 
shifted to the baby as a matter of necessity. Fortunately for the older 
princess, Azusa's second wife, Funaho, had been more than willing to take the 
girl under her protective wing. And as she watched Ayeka work over the next few 
days, Ryoko could not help but notice that the princess had learned a great deal 
from her second mother.
	"All right. Let me see." Ayeka consulted her checklist. "The music's been 
selected and the timer's been set for it to play. The candles can be lit just 
before I leave. You've had your nap, gotten your bath..." She looked up. 
"Sasami, how are her nails going?"
	"Really good!" Sasami looked up from Ryoko's left foot and grinned. "I 
should be done in just a few minutes!"
	Ryoko glowered at the princesses. "You two are just having entirely too 
much fun."
	"Aw, Ryoko, this IS fun! It's like playing with a really big doll!" Sasami 
giggled.
	"Once you're done and they've dried, we can slip her nightgown and robe 
on," Ayeka nodded. "Then we can dab on a bit of perfume, roll out the futon, and 
you should have just enough time for a little snack before Tenchi arrives, 
Ryoko."
	"Doesn't this...bother you?" Ryoko demanded. "Even a little? Geez, Ayeka, 
you'd think you were the one getting laid tonight!"
	"I assure you I'm positively seething with jealousy inside," Ayeka 
responded. She looked up from her list and gathered up the silk robe and 
nightgown set she'd bought for Ryoko a few days ago. Their midnight blue hues 
were a perfect counterpoint to Ryoko's hair. "Here. Time to get dressed."
	"You had better not have the rest of the night timed out," Ryoko warned.
	"Once Tenchi arrives, my dear, you are on your own." 
	Sasami was rolling the large futon into position. "Oh, it's got a cherry 
blossom pattern!" she cried.
	Ryoko turned toward Ayeka, tears in her eyes. "Ayeka...I can't...I mean, I 
know this is...I..."
	"You're welcome," Ayeka said, kissing her on the cheek.

* * * * *

	Later that evening, Sasami yawned and turned off the television. "Are you 
ready to go to bed, Ayeka?" she asked. Ryo-oh-ki, who'd been fast asleep on her 
lap, stirred and stretched before reluctantly hopping off the girl's lap.
	"I need to finish this section," Ayeka replied. Her fingers expertly 
guided the knitting needles as she finished the latest row of a large blue-and-
yellow striped mass. 
"You can go on ahead. I won't be long."
	"What's that going to be?" Sasami asked, touching the wool. "Wow. It's 
really soft, and it looks just like Ryoko's dress!"
	"That's because it's for Ryoko's legs when she's in the chair during the 
winter," Ayeka said. "You know how she's always complaining about the cold. I 
have a feeling this winter will be even harder on her."
	Sasami watched her sister work. "You know, Ayeka, I think you're being 
really great about Ryoko," she finally said. "I'm glad you're helping her out 
and all. And it's like the two of you are becoming good friends at last!"
	Ayeka paused in her knitting. "At last," she sighed softly. She glanced 
toward the window and the floating onsen as it drifted lazily about. "I hope 
everything went well tonight, Sasami. I really do."
	"I'm sure it did, Ayeka. Well, good-night!" Sasami headed off to the 
staircase and her bedroom.
	"Good night, Sasami." Ayeka did six more rows on the blanket before 
stopping and putting away her work for the night. She reached over and switched 
off the table lamp, plunging the room into darkness. Her gaze drifted toward the 
window again, focusing once more on the onsen.
	Only then did she let herself cry.

