Note: all swear words have been fizzled out, sorry guys but this is a
kid's show.....

Okay Kiddies, It's time for the Chibi Washu Show!
But first here's a little disclaimer! :

Okay, for the record I DO NOT OWN THE TENCHI CAST!!!
They are property of AIC and Pioneer. The only thing that I own
is this story... I think.... Any way I don't wanna be sued so please
acknowledge my efforts to make this legal. Besides, I'm the great
Chibi Washu and all efforts to undermine my authority is futile!!!!
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA. Thank you.

Now lets begin the show!

Title: Chibi Washu Comes to Visit!

It is a beautiful day at the Masaki household. And as the sun is
climbing over the horizon, we see a short figure limping toward the
house hold......

??????: Just...(pant)...A little....(wheeze).....futher!
( mysterious figure collapses in front of steps)

Tenchi is just about to go to work out in the carrot patch when he
suddenly spots the figure.

Tenchi: "Yah! Who's that?!"

(Ryoko hears Tenchi yell)
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi dear(smilling evilly) what's...WHO THE HECK IS
THAT?!!"(she says after doing a double take)

Ayeka:" Miss Ryoko, kindly cease this yelling this instant or
I'll......Oh My!"( after she too notices the limp body on the ground)

By now everyone at the house hold has gathered except for Washu who
Sasami has been sent to fetch.

Washu: (looking very tired and annoyed snaps to attention upon seeing
the person on the steps.)" What's the matter with all of you?! Stop
acting like fools a bring that poor thing to my lab!"

Tenchi and Ryoko work together to hoist the mystery person to the lab.
They set it on a one of the examination beds and step back with the
others to let Washu through. Washu pulls back the hood the character had
been wearing to reveal a young girl of about 15. But strangely the girl
has green hair in the same style as Ryoko and Washu!

Everyone: HUH!

Washu: (to Ayeka)"Quick bring me the organicsubstanceidentifier! It's on
the table to your left. No, your other left! ( Washu straps a bunch of
equipment to the girl then taking them off again.) There! That should
revive her in about another moment or so! Then we will find out who this
girl really is"

And as if her words were magic, the girl instantly begins to flutter her
eye lids. She snaps awake and jumps to the floor looking at a strange
watch on her arm.

???????- "Ha Ha HA!! I've done it! I ,the greatest agent in the
universe, has done it yet again!"

Ryoko- " Kinda sounds like somebody else I know..." ( looking at Washu)

??????- ( noticing the group of people standing behind her for the first
time jumps back startled.)"Wah!! Oh wait a second your her aren't you!"
(she says pointing to Washu)  "Oh WOW!!! Are you really Professor Washu?
Boy I've been looking all over for you!"

Tenchi- "Uhh did I miss something?"

Yosho-" Hmm Perhaps we better go back inside"

           TO BE CONTINUED

Stay tuned for next time when the mystery person get's revealed and we
find out why she's here

Written by the real Chibi Washu
