WELCOME KIDS TO ANOTHER CHIBI WASHU SHOW!!!!!!  *screams erupt from the
paralysed audience*  Yes once again I have been up to my old evil self and
have devised ANOTHER terrifingly bad chapter to the Chibi Saga.....heh heh,
since i havent recieved any hate mail i decided to bombard you with another
disgustingly poor written chapter. So before we begin, i just want to tell
you that my good friend "Chibi Kyone" aka Kelley helped write it so thats
why its a little better than the previous shows. -_-0......anywayz lets
begin!
p.s when you see these --->   **** it means thats whos narrating.


Chapter 3


*Chibi Kyone*

    There I stood, alone against the evil Plasma, (well not entirely alone,
but then Chibi Mihoshi was never much help to begin with.....) and as i
fought i could only think about was how bad i wanted a sandwhich. Go Figure.

    Anyway, Chibi Mihoshi, (who is smarter than the origional, like
comparing a stack of bricks to a box of rocks) had just given up and was
sobbing. I had an idea, Salami on rye would be soooo good. (okay so its not
really that great of a thought but whose telling the story here anyway?!)
Wow. So this is what you think about when your about to die- i thought to
myself as i continued to put out a haildtorm of amunition.
    But then suddenly a prtal opened and a hand grabbed me pulled me
through. I stood there in the middle of a vast lab feeling slightly woozy,
portal travel always did that to me. Extremely confused i jumped when i
heard someone speak.
    "So. Did ya miss me?"
That voice could only belong to one person. "WASHU?!"
"Yes my little one." She always called us Chibis that. "But please just this
once, could ya call me mom?"
This was more then i could take. " What about Plasma?! What about Chibi
Mihoshi?!!"
    She laughed- "That was the easy part, i froze the molecular functions in
correlation with the time stream and opened a rift. I then proceeded to
immobilized the enormous ripples in time space continume, while stretching
my molecules through the rift and-"
"in English please."
"She means that she froze time and grabbed you." Chibi Washu stepped out
from the shadows holding a glass. She nervously glanced for her horrendus
puppets, A, B, and C. Chibi Washu's puppet C ussually had nothing nice to
say so she had attemted to terminate it in the begining, unfortunaetly C had
had other ideas. Ever since then it constantly was after Chibi W.
    "So how does this help us in the other dimension?" i asked
    Chibi Washu promptly replied, "I was getting to that you see-"
Puppet A-"Yeah! you explain it Chibi Washu!"
Puppet B-"Yeah!cause you're the greatest Chibi Washu!"
Puppet C- "you suck Chibi Washu!" then the malicous chibiW bot promptly
started to pull down an eyelid, stick out its tongue, and smack it's robotic
butt at her face.
Chibi Washu angrily smacked it with a wooden baseball bat  while the other
two puppets joined in pummling C.
 To be continued.......



Disclaimer- Look, as i said before, i dont own the Tenchi Muyo characters
except for the Chibis,BWAHHAHAHHHAH! but dont worry, cause when i rule the
galaxy one day ill be sure to take over Pioneer as well......

