Child's Play
Chapter Two: The Right Bait


    Ryoko was sitting on one of the wooden beams near the ceiling, slurping
sake and daydreaming about Tenchi wearing nothing but a mustache, when she
heard a groan from the floor below.  Peeking down she noticed Princess Ayeka
tiptoeing towards the door leading to Washu's laboratory.  Ryoko chuckled to
herself as Ayeka almost tripped on her formal robes.  'So, the purple haired
Princess is up to something she doesn't want the rest of us to know about?'
Ryoko went transparent and flowed down to land behind Princess Ayeka just as
she opened the lab's door and started to step into the darkness.  'Well,
we'll just see about that!'
    As Ryoko silently followed the Princess an alarm system hidden under the
couch, shaped like a red crab, alerted Little Washu of the invaders entering
her sanctuary.  She typed into the shadow keyboard of her holocomputer and
the blueprint of the lab popped up before her, with two glowing dots
appearing near the entrance chamber.  "That's it Princess Ayeka.  Come get
it."

    Princess Ayeka slowly moved down the dark hallway.  It was a new
hallway,
one she had not seen before, but that was not unusual.  Washu's laboratory
was changing continuously, like the genius's outfits.  'Really, thought the
Princess, she is as much as hussy as that yellow-eyed fiend she claims is
her
offspring.'  Princess Ayeka suddenly smiled.  Before her was a lit platform,
with a small green bottle on it.  'There it is!  The formula she was
bragging
about, a perfume which makes women irresistible!'  Princess Ayeka started to
laugh, the kind of insane laugh only an unbalanced Princess of the Royal
House of Jurai seemed to be able to produce. 'Soon Lord Tenchi will be
mine!'
    Suddenly Ryoko appeared standing on the platform, head tilted and hands
on hips.  "So, what's this about Princess?"  Ryoko glanced down at the
bottle
between her feet, "Something I should know about?"
    "What!?" said the startled Princess, "Er, no, nothing to worry about,
just something I asked Washu to make for my...sore feet.  You know what a
delicate creature I am."  She tried to hide her blush with one of her
sleeves. "So, Miss Ryoko, what are YOU doing here?"
    Ryoko smiled, eyes like slits, "Why, Princess, I just wanted to know why
you were sneaking about."
    "Sneaking?  Princesses don't sneak around.  Really, Ryoko, you read too
many trashy novels!"
    "Soooo," said Ryoko, looking down at the bottle, "You don't mind me
having some, than, huh?"  She reached down to pick up the green bottle.
    "No, wait!"
    The platform made a *POP* noise as both women were transported away by a
force field.  It had been switched on by the weight of the bottle being
lifted off the control surface.

    "You did what to them?" asked Tenchi, looking up at the two frost
covered
chambers.  Tenchi felt they looked like metal coffins, but decided not to
remark on it.  "You put their bodies on ice?"
    Sasami and Mihoshi stood next to Tenchi, staring at the chambers, trying
not to move, as if they too might end up setting off a trap.  The room they
were all in was brand new and very dark, unlike most of Washu's lab.  There
were no water tanks or trees, just rows of humming cables, flickering tubes
and boxy machinery.  Not only was it dark, but the room was chilly and the
scent of ozone seemed to be coming from the equipment.
    Washu looked up from the control panels, dressed in her nurse's outfit.
"Kind of.  Their bodies are almost perfectly protected from the laws of
time."  Washu glanced to one side and said, "Mihoshi, don't touch that!
What
was I saying...oh yes. Those are zero chambers.  The cold is just a side
effect of the lack of energy exchange between the two time flows.  I could
have fixed that, but I was in kind of a hurry."
    "Uh...right," replied Tenchi as he tried to absorb what Washu had just
said.
    "Hey, Miss Washu, what about Azaka and Kamidake?" asked Mihoshi.

    Out in the woods, the two Guardians were slowly moving through the
underbrush.  With camouflage headbands and crisscrossing belts of ammo, the
Guardians were scanning the surrounding area with their sensors.
    "So, why are we out here again?"
    "You know why.  Keep looking."

    "You sent them hunting for WHAT?"
    Washu smiled up at Tenchi, "I sent them on a snipe hunt.  I told them it
was a traditional dish for royalty."  Washu turned to smile at Sasami, who
was exploring the two large coffin-like chambers. "Of course, as snipes are
found only in Europe, they will take awhile. Mihoshi, don't touch that."
    "But I'm cold.  Can't I turn up the heat?"  Mihoshi pouted and continued
to glance at some of the glowing controls she had found in one corner.
    "That controls the power grid for this room's system.  The zero chambers
need lots of energy so leave it ALONE!"
    "But why put Lady Ryoko and my sister in these things?" ask Sasami, as
she walked around the two chambers.
    "I wanted to keep their bodies out of the way, yet keep the minds
active."  Washu turned to grin at the sweating Tenchi while pulling on her
rubber gloves, "I wanted their minds to still be active so they could
control
their new ones.  The zero chambers are not working at 100%, so brain
activity
is still going on."  Washu touched a button which glowed and two other,
smaller chambers were lite up as spotlights focused on them.  Both opened
with a hiss, releasing clouds of mist and the scent of salt.
    A tiny Ryoko, her hair in a huge ponytail, stepped out of one, holding
her head.  "How much sake did I...what HAPPEN TO MY VOICE?"  Ryoko glanced
at
her hands and than looked up at Washu, squealing, "SHIT! What did you do to
me you redheaded freak?"
    "Really, is that any way to talk to your Mom?"  Washu grinned, dimples
appearing on her cheeks, "Anyway, you're perfectly safe.  That's not your
body, that's-"
    "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
    Out of the second chamber popped out a tiny Princess Ayeka trailing a
pair of long pigtails, her hands in tiny fists, "What did you do to me?  How
DARE you do this to a Princess of the Royal House!"  Ayeka lifted her hands,
pointing them at Washu, "Prepare to be punished!"
    Washu just smiled, as Tenchi and Sasami backed off to what should be a
safe distance.
    Nothing.  Nothing happened.
    "Like I was saying, those are not your bodies.  Your bodies are
perfectly
safe within the zero chambers.  THOSE bodies are masses who have been
assimilated by control capsules.  The capsules receive commands from the
chambers and in return send back any information they get from their
environment.  And before you ask, they're harmless as they are under the
total control of the capsules."  Washu smiled, "And as your own powers are
limited to your REAL bodies, no blasting or destroying things while you
fight
anymore!"
    "What?" shouted Princess Ayeka, "But my beautiful body!  How could you
do
this to me?!"
    "Oh, don't worry about it Princess," smirked Ryoko, "you haven't changed
much.  Still flat as ever."
    "WHAT!"
    Soon both Princess Ayeka and Lady Ryoko were choking each over, faces
turning red.
    "You're sure the masses are NOT dangerous?" asked Mihoshi as she peeked
over Washu's head at the two girls.
    "Sure I'm sure."  Washu smiled up at Mihoshi's tan face, "Last time
Ryo-Ohki implanted the masses with a desire, which wore off.  THESE masses
have a flow of thoughts, desires and commands coming in all the time.  The
capsules have TOTAL control.  Don't worry, the masses won't get a chance to
allow their natural instincts to take over."
    "I don't think this has helped anything Washu," pointed out Tenchi, as
he
looked down at the two fighting children, running his fingers through his
hair.  Princess Sasami sighed and shook her head, "They're as bad as ever."
    Washu smiled, chuckling deep in her throat.  'We'll see. I'm SOOO
smart!'

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters was created and is owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  The people from AIC and Pioneer were created by millions of years
of evolution.  I have nothing to do with any of it.  Don't sue me.  I am so
poor that bums buy the pencils they sell on the street from me!  This is my
second chapter in my first fan-fic story, so please understand that I am
trying to get the characters right and even the update may seem rough.
