Child's Play
Chapter One: Little Washu's Idea.

    The day started out like any other at the Masaki household. In the
kitchen Sasami was preparing breakfast, with some help from the furry
Ryo-Ohki. Upstairs Princess Ayeka and Ryoko seemed to be having a fight over
whose turn it was to clean the floating onsen this week. This had driven
Tenchi out of the house, along with Mihoshi, both of them deciding to go
check on the carrot fields.  Little Washu had yet to appear and in fact had
not been seen for the past week.
    Sasami glanced up from her cutting board at the ceiling when she heard a
loud crash, "Oh dear, sounds like Tenchi will need to repair another window
Ryo-Ohki."
    "Meow?"
    Stomping noises were soon heard in the main hall and a soaking wet Ryoko
entered the kitchen, "Hey, Sasami, did you know your sister is a brat?"  The
yellow eyed creation of Washu grabbed a towel and started to dry off.  "One
comment about her needing do to exercise and work on her figure, just one
comment and she tosses me into the lake."  Ryoko's eyes seem to glow a tad,
"HA! Just wait till she finds out I have been selling her underwear to a
store in Tokyo!"
    "Oh Ryoko!"  Sasami sighed and turned back to the kitchen counter, "Will
you at least go find Tenchi and Mihoshi and tell them breakfast is almost
ready?"
    Ryoko floated off the ground, "Their together? Oh no!"  Ryoko suddenly
disappeared, dropping the wet towel on Ryo-Ohki.
    "YEOW!"

    Breakfast started out perfectly, as everyone loved Sasami's cooking.
That is till Ryoko made a comment about Princess Ayeka's weight.  Soon
Katsuhito retreated back to his shrine to continue cleaning it for a holiday
he made up on the spot, while Nobuyuki, Tenchi's father, decided to go to
work, even though it was a Sunday.  This left Ryoko and Ayeka trying to pull
each other's face off, while Mihoshi cried over the spilled food.
    "WAAAAA! Why can't you two fight after breakfast? I just finished
helping
Tenchi check the carrots (hiccup) and I'm hungry and now the food is all
over
my new shirt! Why can't you fight after we eat (HICCUP)?"
    "How dare you insult a Princess of the Royal House of Jurai! (OUCH) My
figure is not worth watching, indeed.  That's funny coming from a monster
like yourself! (OOOW) You and your color from a bottle hairstyle!"
    "WHAAA?" Ryoko stepped back and started to form a ball of red energy
between her hands, "Have you seen your hair in the mirror lately, Princess?"
    Sasami and Tenchi stood to one side, heads turning back and forth
between
Ryoko and Ayeka as they watched the vocal tennis match over what was left of
the breakfast start to become an exchange of a more dangerous kind.  Sasami
sighed and hugged Ryo-Ohki, "They act so much like children."
    "Yeah," said Tenchi, rubbing his neck where Ryoko had gotten him into a
headlock earlier during breakfast, "Too bad we can't punish them like
children."  He ducked a piece of burning cushion.
    "Meow!"
    Another person who also agreed with Tenchi's statement was Washu who had
just entered the main hall after exiting her lab under the stairs.  She was
wearing a white safari outfit, with helmet and all, as she had just come
back
from a week long expedition to a planet 23,000 light years away to collect
more creatures known as masses.  Anybody who did not know her would have
mistaken her expression as one of a little child's joy in finding a lost toy
or a piece of candy.  Tenchi would have recognized it as an idea being born
in her head and he would have run screaming into the woods, never to return.
    Washu, also known as 'Little' Washu, whispered to herself, "You're a
first class, one of a kind, greatest scientific genius in the known and
unknown universe!"  Than with a dimpled grin quickly hurried back to her
lab.

    Washu's lab looked like a mixture between a garden, a factory and an
aquarium. She was totally focused on the problem of making both Princess
Ayeka and her own daughter Ryoko into little children again, while at the
same time leaving their minds alone, so they can be mature enough to
understand what was happening to them.  "Yes," said Washu to herself as she
typed away, "they have to get the full flavor of being kids again and being
punished when they do something wrong.  No rank, no special powers and no
way
out."  Washu sat a minute thinking out loud, "So that leaves time machines
out and hormone treatments.  Both body and mind would be changed.  No, no, I
want their mind untouched, just their bodies..."
    Little Washu turned to grin at the tank of newly captured masses, who
swam over to the nearest side of the tank as if reacting to her thoughts.
"Bingo."
    Washu knuckled her chin, "Now, how do I trick them both in to coming
into
my lab?"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and all characters related to said series were created and
owned
by AIC and Pioneer.  The people at AIC and Pioneer were created by their
parents.  I have nothing to do with anybody in either groups and am just
using the characters for the fan fic.  Don't sue me.  I work for the
government, so I have about as much money as a bum has extra pairs of
matching socks!  In my updated versions, I hope to replace the thoughts in
italics with thoughts surrounded by ' ', because I feel they are not as
disruptive to the flow of the story as <>  or other symbols might be. Hope
you can read the new format.  Talking=" " while thoughts=' '.
