Child's Play
Chapter Three: Quiet Time

    "And then," raved Tenchi, "Ryoko threw a tantrum because Sasami would
not
serve her sake at dinner."  Tenchi ran his fingers through his hair.
    "I see," said Katsuhito, carefully pouring Tenchi more green tea.  "Is
that before or after Princess Ayeka was found stealing cookies?"
    Grandpa's office was simple and bland.  If walls could talk, this
building was mute, allowing a person to think.  Outside the sun was starting
to set, painting the land that surrounded the shrine and its buildings many
shades of red and pink.  There was no wind and even the very mountain's calm
presence under them seemed to help Tenchi relax.
    "Oh Grandpa, they're driving us nuts. Even without their powers." Tenchi
gently sipped some tea and then studied the green valleys and hills it
created within his cup. "They started a food fight and even dumped fish
sauce
all over Mihoshi's control cube.  Dad went to his room right after dinner
and
didn't even stay long enough to have dessert!  I think he was crying."
    Grandpa Katsuhito leaned back and pushed his spectacles with a finger
back into place. "Have you tried punishing them?  Ryoko is Washu's daughter.
And Princess Ayeka is family."
    Tenchi shook his head and gently placed the cup back onto the low desk.
"How? Ground her?  Princess Ayeka has those two Guardians.  They're
programmed to protect her person.  We won't get within a meter of her with a
wooden spoon!"
    Katsuhito hummed and placed a hand on his chin, his eyeglasses
reflecting
the light from the nearest lamp.
    "Yes, the Princess is in some ways worse than Ryoko."
    "Oh come on Grandpa, how can she be worse than Ryoko?" replied Tenchi,
shaking his head.  "Ryoko is a demon over a few thousand years old.  She has
done so much, I could take hours listing it!"
    "Yet," said Katsuhito, as he calmly picked up a tea cake, "she is NOT
the
one who steered her ship, Ryu-Oh, over a populated area and tried to blast
your father's house out of existence. Mmm, good cake."
    Tenchi nodded his head, "Oh right, forgot about that."
    'Grandpa is right.  They're both trouble makers.'  Tenchi watched the
tea
in his cup, trying to picture its green surface as a wide ocean which he
could sail on.
    Katsuhito sipped some more tea, took another bite out of the cake and
looked up at Tenchi.  'He is learning to relax and focus.  Very good.'
    "And you must remember that Ryoko has been without parents for as long
as
she can remember.  Princess Ayeka has parents, yet she has still turned out
a
spoiled girl.  She starts as many fights as Ryoko does and has no true
patience."  Katsuhito placed his cup onto the desk and carefully picked up
the last piece of his tea cake.
    "That is true." Tenchi sighed and closed his eyes.  He allowed himself a
moment of peace, trying not to think of anything but the warmth from the cup
he was holding.
    Katsuhito brushed his chin clean of crumbs, watching Tenchi and
continued, "And I think I know how to get around that problem of the
Guardians, Tenchi."
    "Really?"
    Katsuhito nodded, "Yes.  I think I know a way.  And we must correct
their
behavior before it gets out of hand.  Children are like skills given to us
by
the Gods, Tenchi.  They must be molded and directed correctly, or they will
never mature."  Katsuhito poured himself another cup of steaming tea and
than
pushed the plate of cakes, slightly dusted with cinnamon, towards Tenchi.
"That reminds me.  You will meet me outside after tea.  You have not
practiced in a long time."
    "Oh, come on.  Remember when I defeated Kagato!  I think I know what I
am
doing!"
    Grandpa Katsuhito seemed to think over Tenchi's statement and than
replied, "Really?  Than you won't mind showing me how you summon the power
within you.  Bring forth the Hawk-Light Wings."
    "What? Now? But...er...I'm full, just ate, I can't..."  Tenchi gave up
and got to his feet, "I'll be outside."
    As Tenchi slide the screen door behind him, Katsuhito smiled.  'Molded
and directed, even when having tea.'

    "Miss Ryoko? Where are you, Ryoko?" asked a sweet voice from the second
floor.
    Ryoko continued to watch TV and eat potato chips on the couch.  She
grinned to herself, licking her fingers. 'Oh, this is going to be fun.'
    "WHERE are all my panties you reeking fossil woman?" squeaked Princess
Ayeka, as she was carried down the stairs within the linked force fields of
Azaka and Kamidake.
    "What do you care?" piped up the demon's tiny voice from the couch,
"They
don't fit you anymore anyway."
    "RYOKO!  You return my lingerie at ONCE!  They're too good for
a...a...good for nothing demon spawn like yourself!  You old mummy!"
    Mihoshi in the kitchen, closed the door and turned to face Sasami,
Ryo-Ohki and Washu.  "I don't think I can take much more of this.  I caught
Ryoko in my room trying to use my control cube to get sake.  Now half of my
room is full of sticky buns and candle sticks and tiny trees-"
    "Meow?"
    Sasami wiped her hands on her carrot apron and turned to Washu, "Can't
you do something?  Ryoko IS your daughter?"
    "-reindeer and pointy haired dolls and kitty litter and-"
    "Well kid, I will," replied Washu, as she helped to dry some dishes,
"right after Ryoko tries to do what I think she will try to do."
    "-coffee grounds and video tapes and white plastic things that vibrate
and tiny after dinner mints and carrot cakes-"
    "Meow!"
    "What's that?" asked Sasami, her eyes getting big as she leaned closer
to
Washu.
    Little Washu smiled, "Oh, you just wait and see.  I know she'll try it
soon.  With a girl like her, Mom has to be on her toes."  Washu winked at
the
little princess and started to dry another dish.
    "Have either of you two been listening to me?  I said, I also have over
50 pounds of raw tuna in my room!  Hey, where did Ryo-Ohki go?"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters was created and is owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  AIC and Pioneer are made up of lots of people, who in return are
made up of atoms.  The atoms in question are controlled by the laws of
physics.  I have nothing to do with Tenchi Muya, AIC, Pioneer or the Big
Bang, so don't sue me!  I am so poor that I get ketchup by stealing it from
babies in fast food joints!  This is the third chapter of my first fan-fic,
so be gentle.
