Child's Play
Chapter Four: Crime and Punishment

    Tenchi woke up that Monday with a start, looking about.  He leaned over
the bed and looked under it.  No Ryoko?  He tossed off the covers and sat
up.
 A morning without waking up to an invisible pinch or a face floating inches
above his body?  Not even a voice under the covers saying, "Is this a
cucumber or are you glad to see me?"  Tenchi couldn't help but jump up and
say, "All Right!"
    He swiftly had a bath and ran down the stairs, whistling.  The sun was
up, filling the house with bright light.  "Hello Princess Sasami!  Hello
Miss
Mihoshi!  What's for breakfast?"
    Sasami looked up and giggled, "I'm making apple pancakes.  Mihoshi is
making the orange juice."
    "Hi!" chirped Mihoshi who was pouring her third attempt at orange juice
down the drain.  "For some reason it keeps coming out blue.  Is Earth orange
juice blue?"
    "Er, no, not normally."  Tenchi glanced around.  "Hey, where are Dad and
Grandpa?"
    "Oh," said Mihoshi pulling another container of frozen concentrate out
of
the fridge, "your dad went to work early and your Grandpa had an early
breakfast."
    "I see," said Tenchi as he walked over behind Sasami to sniff at the
pancakes she was preparing.  "Hummm, those smell-"
    The crash coming from upstairs interrupted the rest of his comment.
Tenchi jerked his head up, "Hey! That came from MY room!"
    As Tenchi raced back up the stairs, Princess Sasami and Galaxy Police
Detective (First Class) Mihoshi looked at each other and sighed.

    Ryoko smiled, holding the broken picture frame in her tiny little hands.
The photo had been of Tenchi during a fishing trip.  In his hands had been
the first fish he had every caught.  'No doubt a proud moment in little
Tenchi's life.'  Ryoko grinned, waiting in Tenchi's bedroom, right in front
of the door.  'Now I'll get the blame and Tenchi will have to SPANK me.  Oh,
Ten-chi, to feel your hands on my bare bottom.'  Ryoko was drooling by the
time Tenchi pounded into the room.
    "AAAAAAAHHH!  My fishing picture!  Ryoko, what the HELL are you doing
with my fishing picture!?!"
    Ryoko wake up from her daydream and smiled up at Tenchi, holding up the
broken frame, "I wanted to look at it and it fell.  Sorry."
    "Sorry?  Ryoko, why were you in my room anyway?  And why were you
going-HEY! Let go of my leg!"
    Ryoko leered up at him from where she had attached herself to his lower
left leg, "Now you're going to have to punish me! Don't worry Tenchi, I
won't
hate you for spanking me.  I promise."  She laughed.
    "Spank you?  Wait a second-HEY! Let go!"  Tenchi started to hop about on
his right leg, kicking out with the other.  "Let go, let go, let go!  HEY!
Watch the hands! Don't do that! Stop tugging on my pants!"

    "Stop tugging on my pants!"
    Princess Ayeka came running out of the room she and her sister shared
like a drunken bat out of hell, bouncing off one side of the door frame
before skidding to a halt in the middle of the hallway.  There before her
very eyes was her poor Tenchi being attacked by that tiny demon girl.  'Why
that hussy!'  Purple hair streaming behind her like smoke, she ran towards
Tenchi and Ryoko, hands reaching out like tiny claws.  "RRRRRYYYOOOKKOOOOO!"
    Ryoko looked down, "What?  NOOOO-"
    It was too late.  Ayeka launched herself into the air and landed onto
Ryoko's back.  Ryoko let go of Tenchi, the weight of the Princess on her
back
forcing her to release her hold.  Even as the two tiny girls landed on the
floor, kicking and clawing, Tenchi started his fall down the stairs.
*THUD*
    "OUCH!"
        *CRACK*
            "AHHH!"
                *BAM*
                    "MY HEAD!"
                        *SLAM*
                            "OWW!"
                                *BLAM*
                                    "mommy..."

    Sasami and Mihoshi knelt next to Tenchi and gently tried to keep him
from
moving.
    "When will Miss Washu get here with her first aide kit?" whimpered
Mihoshi, tears flowing out of her eyes like water out of a garden hose.
Sasami gently hugged Mihoshi, "She'll be here in a second.  She had to get
her medical systems warmed up."
    Ryoko and Ayeka peeked down from the second floor, their tiny faces red
with mixed emotions
    "Oh no.  Poor Lord Tenchi!"  Princess Ayeka turned to glare at Ryoko,
"It's all YOUR fault.  If you were not continuously forcing yourself onto
him, he would not be in such a position."
    Ryoko snared and rose her tiny fists, "WHAT? You're the one who pushed
him down the stairs!  I was just showing my affection!"
    Ayeka stood up and pointed at Ryoko, "Affection?  You're a hussy!"
Ayeka
stepped back and tried to calm herself, placing her sleeves in front of her
mouth, trying to hide her flushed skin.
    "You are always too forward and unladylike in public.  If you just
learned-"
    "Unladylike!" screamed Ryoko, "How dare you, you spoiled-OOOW!"
    Ryoko glared up to find an adult Washu holding her by her left ear.
    "Well, dear, it looks like it's time for me to give you a good spanking.
Than you're going to say you're sorry to Lord Tenchi.  That is, right after
he gets out of the recuperative medical gel tank, of course."
    Ayeka couldn't help but snicker, as Ryoko was dragged away by her Mom.
"Well, it looks like she got what she deserved."
    "Ahem."
    Princess Ayeka turned about to find Azaka and Kamidake hovering behind
her.
    "Princess Ayeka," stated Azaka, its sensor light flickering with the
voice, "We have been asked by Lady Washu to take you to your room.  You will
wait there till Mr. Katsuhito Masaki returns and decides your punishment."
    "Punishment?" shrilled Princess Ayeka, her eyes becoming huge as her
hands lifted up in a defensive nature, "What do you mean PUNISHMENT?"
    "Lady Washu has pointed out that you are as much to blame for Lord
Tenchi's accident as Miss Ryoko."
    "She believes," added Kamidake, as the guardians activated their force
fields, "That he should be allowed to decide your punishment as he IS a
member of the Royal Family and IS the highest ranking member within the
system."
    "Wait!" Princess Ayeka started to beat at the invisible fields that
lifted her off the floor and started to carry her towards her bedroom, "You
are programmed to protect me!"
    "It has also been pointed out to us," commented Azaka, "that YOU are NOT
the Princess.  Therefore, our programming does not cover protecting YOU."

    Tenchi slowly opened his eyes.  At first all he could see was green
light. His body felt both light and numb.  His skin was covered in something
wet, yet somewhat firm, like Jell-O.  As his eyes focused, he was able to
see
beyond the greenish liquid and saw Washu's lab.  Trees seemed to lean
towards
him and his tank, as water flowed by in bubbling streams.
    Tenchi tried to move his head to examine his tank.  Goggles protected
his
eyes and there was a smooth, background hum, as pumps kept a gel moving
about
his body.  Straps held him, as tiny robots swam about him, like fish about a
reef, carefully probing his body.  Air was being forced into his lungs by a
flexible tube and more of them were attached to his private parts.
    Tenchi almost started screaming by the time he was totally awake, but
was
shocked to notice he felt great. No pain, nothing, not even a sore spot.  '
Little Washu put me in here.'  Tenchi flexed his fingers and smiled.  'I
must
remember to thank her.'
    Beyond the greenish gel, beyond the glass, Washu looked up from the bio
readouts at the base of the tank.  Tenchi had fallen back into a deep sleep.
Little Washu, back in her younger form, grinned and tapped a few more
buttons, lowering the amount of pain killers being added to the poor boy's
blood stream while speeding up the gel flow just a tad, to increase the
healing process.  'Don't wish Tenchi to be hooked on drugs, now do I.'
    Washu pulled off her rubber gloves with a snap and turned to Ryo-Ohki,
who was sitting on the floor, her big ears touching the tiles as she
watched,
eyes wet from crying.  Washu smiled down at the poor thing and adjusted her
tiny white nursing cap, "Oh dear, go tell Princess Sasami and Mihoshi that
my
guinea pig is going to be OK."
    "MEOW!"
    As the cabbit raced off, sometimes phasing through equipment she did not
bother to dodge around, Washu pulled out a tiny camera and smirked.  'I
doubt
Tenchi would mind me taking a few photos of him in his birthday suit.'

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters were created and are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  AIC and Pioneer have nothing to do with the Third Reich.  I have
nothing to do with either.  Don't sue me.  I am so poor, I have to recycle
my
own air!  This is the Fourth Chapter of my First Fan-Fic, so don't hurt me
and remember to see Nurse Washu after repeated use.  Just make sure to ask
her to warm her hands first.
