Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, Pioneer and AIC do.  I have just
used them in a story that I would love to see happen.  I am not doing this
for money, and definately not lookign for a lawsuit as I am barely making 
ends meet as it it.  I hope you enjoy the story and as a side note, This
story takes place using the OVA characters and occurs after Daughter of
Darkness movie or MNE as it is often called.

In Tenchi's mind all he could think about was protecting Ryoko.  He did not know 
what had happened, he at first was disappointed thinking she had broken her 
promise.  Several times he felt his body and spirit separating only to have 
himself return to unconsciousness.  But then there was a change; he could feel a 
strange power surge through his body.  He still could not make any part of his 
body sense what was happening, but the power was incredible.

He saw images and things appear in his mind, things he had never experienced 
before.  He opened his eyes and saw Kagato.  Tenchi wanted to fight, but the 
body he was in could not.  He looked around and noticed he was looking through 
Ryoko's eyes.  It occurred to him that he had just experienced her birth.  As he 
watched he saw how she was trained and constantly berated.  He saw and felt the 
torture.  Experiencing everything including how her mind screamed against the 
things her body did.  Tenchi witnessed the horrors of the attack on Jurai.  He 
desperately wanted to close his eyes to this, but since it was in his mind he 
could not escape it.

As the images continued he felt the pain as she and Yoshu fought.  He felt the 
horrible pain of being held up by his sword.  There was a great darkness for a 
long time that Tenchi determined was when she was imprisoned.  Tenchi wanted so 
much to comfort her through it all.  Knowing her past and his showed him the 
truth; she was not a demon.  She was abused and hurt by everyone that she cared 
for.  The next series of images happened since he gave her back one of the gems.  
He could still feel her emotions, hear her thoughts and see her actions.

In mortified silence he watched as he ignored her how much pain he caused her by 
no choosing, for not standing up for her.  A small glimpse of himself as an 
infant then as a young man by the cave then came to mind as she spoke to Ayeka 
in the Olsen.  How long she had been there for me? How long had she loved me in 
silence?  Her pain returned as Kagato took over her again.  Everything she 
experienced he also experienced, this time from her side.  He felt tremendous 
remorse when the scene played before him where he yelled saying he hated her.  
He had not meant to say it, it just happened.  He felt how crushed she was and 
how hard she tried to repair the robe.  When he saw himself again he yelled at 
himself, "say you love her! Tenchi you idiot take a stand!"  But his actions 
remained the same. All he told her was that he was no longer mad.  He did not 
say he was sorry.  He never knew how his actions or rather his lack of actions 
could cause so much hurt.

As time flew by he experienced her every joy and sorrow.  The strangest was when 
suddenly Ryoko was replaced with Zero.  He was then able to experience her 
emotions even more, but the Tenchi in her memories still refused to take a 
stand.  It mortified him how close Zero came to killing him, but could not for 
her feelings.  Great sorrow overcame him when he experienced how Washu had left 
her in the darkness of the lab for several hours.  During that time he 
desperately wanted to hold her to tell her it would be all right.  But he never 
knew till now what she went through.

Then as the scenes changed he watched as his memory self arrived that first day 
with Mayuka.  Tenchi could see the anger and feel the need to protect. He got to 
see how she saved him twice and how in anger she took Mayuka into the sky then 
released her.  Tenchi screamed at the sight, then he saw her change and then 
rescue her.  She in her anger still could not kill the girl that she knew was 
out to kill him.  For once he understood that she felt Mayuka was trouble and 
out for him, but his memory self acted rashly.  That was when he felt the pain 
as the memory Tenchi slapped Ryoko that fateful night.  He screamed in agony 
over what happened, but it changed nothing.

The memories began to get happier as he watched Mayuka be born again, and how 
she grew.  Tenchi could feel her happiness as she cared for her.  He knew that 
the day she flew with him was coming and he waited expectantly for it to be 
played out.  When it arrived though he could feel her joy and turmoil.  How much 
she wanted to say how much she loved him, but she could not.  He pondered his 
feelings for her as he felt her overwhelming joy as he kissed her.

The next thing that played out was how Ayeka had began saying things about her 
and he felt the sting of the words.  As he looked through Ryoko's memory he saw 
Ayeka, but heard Kagato again.  He saw how she so much wanted to destroy him, 
but because of her promise she did not fight.  He then got to see how everyone 
reacted, how he had nearly died a few times.  Then her decision, to get his 
sword, no matter the pain, and then she passed out.

Everything was dark then, he thought about her life, the pain the agony, the 
hurts she suffered.  Some of the greatest hurts she suffered were as a direct 
result of himself.  Outside of his body he could not tell what was going on.  
But through each and every memory all he wanted to do was hold her and comfort 
her.  Even though he knew how much it would hurt Ayeka to make a choice he could 
not help his feelings for Ryoko, not just because of her past or experiencing 
her life.  But it did confirm to him that she loved him, and he did love her.

Washu and Ryoko sat by his side as his body healed itself.  The process even 
hyper-accelerated because of her abilities seamed to drag on forever.  Ryoko 
worried that if indeed he saw her past would he still want to be around her?  
Could he still care for a monster?  Washu picked up on her sadness and tried to 
comfort her.  As they watched in silence his body completely regenerated he 
appeared to be 100% healed, but he still had not woke up.  The hours ticked by 
as they sat waiting for him to wake up any minute.

Ryoko exhausted from the ordeal and from her worry could not keep awake for much 
longer and she finally lay back down and went to sleep on the bed Washu had for 
her.  The Greatest Scientist in the Universe; however, could not help but try to 
pry into his mind to see what was going on.  But no matter how hard she tried 
she could not see anything.  Out of sheer exhaustion, frustration and hunger she 
decided to leave her lab to see the rest of the family again.

With Ryoko sleeping she put set the monitor to sound an alarm on her holo-laptop 
only so they would not wake up Ryoko. Outside the lab everyone had fallen asleep 
on the couches and floor with the Exception of Ayeka, who was nowhere to be 
seen.  She was going to go investigate, but the pain in her stomach caused her 
to go to the kitchen.  In there she met Katsuhito who offered her some tea.  
"Thank you, I have good news, and bad news."  She told him in a soft voice.  
"Tenchi is completely healed and according to all my scans he should be fine, 
but he remains unconscious."

Katsuhito smiled, "that boy was always one to go against everything.  It is no 
wonder he has not woke up yet.  He possibly will when he is good and ready."  He 
saw her look up when he said possibly.  They talked for about an hour before an 
alarm sounded.  She brought up her laptop and saw the alarm but then all of his 
scanners flat-lined one by one, showing him completely dead.  Both of them 
rushed to the lab to see what had just happened.

In the lab however, he had woke up.  Tenchi opened his eyes to see the familiar 
surrounding of Washu's lab.  He sat up, and looked around, but his eyes stopped 
on the sleeping form of Ryoko just a short distance away.  Seeing that she was 
just asleep he tried to get up, but with the many wires attached to him he could 
not.  He then pulled them off one by one.  With the last one removed he moved 
over to Ryoko, then lay down in the bed beside her as he drifted off to sleep 
again with his arms around her.

After he had gone to sleep Washu and Katsuhito burst in.  When they looked at 
his bed and saw him missing it confused them till they both saw him in bed 
beside Ryoko, both asleep.  Washu turned off the monitors while his grandpa 
covered them up with a sheet.  Both then exited the lab to get some rest as well 
knowing that all will be ok.

The next morning Sasami woke up and began making breakfast.  The last thing she 
knew Both Tenchi and Ryoko were hurt and unconscious, while Ayeka had her own 
problems.  One by one the others woke up as she cooked.  Mihoshi came in and sat 
down staring at the table.  Kiyone joined her then started setting the table up 
for breakfast.  After she finished she realized that she had set a place for 
Ryoko and Tenchi, knowing full well that they were both not going to join them.

At this point Tenchi's dad entered and sat down.  It was easy to see that he was 
hurting deeply, unsure if he would have his son back or not.  Ayeka then joined 
them, and saw the places for Ryoko and Tenchi.  She sighed and sat down in her 
spot.  It was then that they heard someone laughing, it was different, and it 
was a male but not Tenchi.  Ayeka noticed it as her brother.

Washu and Katsuhito entered at the same time, and he actually was smiling.  When 
the others saw his smile he looked around as if to say 'what?'  Washu then 
informed them, "Tenchi woke up last night and he is going to be fine." A cheer 
of happiness arose, but then died down as they looked at Ryoko's spot.  "Ah 
don't worry about her, she was awake much of last night, she is just really 
tired."  Her words soothed everyone and they even were able to all smile again.  
"Sasami, would you fix some food for them, I will take it to them, since they 
will not wake up in time for breakfast."  Chipper than ever Sasami prepared them 
some food and gave it to her.

As they ate Ayeka leaned over and asked, "Washu have you played my message for 
them?"

"Sorry Ayeka, but they have not seen it yet, but I have left a message for 
them."  She told the princess.

Inside the lab Tenchi had awoke first, he looked at the angel he held in his 
arms, thinking back he could see her past, the horrible things she did, but 
instead of running away it made him want to be with her even more.  Placing a 
hand on her cheek he caressed her face then used his hand to brush some of her 
hair out of her face.  The smile on her face told him that she was having a good 
dream, which he hoped was about him and not about her past.

As he held her, her eyes opened slowly.  First thing she saw was his eyes on 
her, overjoyed she clung to him.  "I'm so happy you're awake!"  When she moved 
she realized he was holding her too, then she felt his hand against her head.  
Looking up into his eyes she was not sure what to expect.

"Ryoko, I am sorry that I have waited for so long.  I know what you did to help 
me."  Fear struck her as she realized that he knew, and he must know about her 
past too.  Feeling a great sense of terror she tried to pull away but he held 
on.  "I know you are scared that I know your past."  She looked at him in fear 
of what he would say next.  "I have been able to see your past from when you 
were born to when Yosho imprisoned you.  And again from when I gave you back a 
gem to when you gave it to me."

She closed her eyes and tried to hide from him.  He placed a hand on her chin 
and raised her head up to meet his.  Tenchi then let his emotions take over 
rather than his fears.  He placed a kiss on her lips, tenderly and 
affectionately.  "I have wanted to do that for too long..."

Hearing his words, then feeling the kiss, she knew that he saw her past and 
would not cast her away. When he started talking again she just kissed him 
again.  They gave up on talking as they lay there kissing, and holding each 
other.  Things may have progressed further but Washu walked in with their food.

"Hello sleepy heads, wakie wakie!"  She had expected to find them still asleep, 
so when she caught them kissing she turned red.  "I, um, thought you were still 
asleep.  Well, um, here is some food from Sasami.  I guess I will go tell 
everyone that you are ok."  With that she tried to leave.

Ryoko groaned at the unexpected interruption while Tenchi just laughed, still 
holding her.  "Thank you Little Washu, you can leave the food, but tell everyone 
that we are not awake yet."  She was about to turn and go when he added, "would 
you also turn off your cameras?"

Ryoko looked up at him surprised, while Washu stood motionless.  "Uh, sure."  
She was so stunned by his request.  She had not expected this, especially from 
him.  She did it though; she turned them off then left.

"Ryoko," he said looking at her surprise. "I have loved you in silence, and I 
realize that you have too.  But I must know something," he paused long enough 
for his words to sink into her consciousness.  "Will you stay here?  Will you be 
able to give up being a space pirate and all of those misadventures?"

"Give them up for what?" She was worried about what would come next, but he 
seamed to have trouble forming his thoughts into words. "If you want to know if 
I will give it all up for you then you are dead, dead right!" She looked into 
his eyes as a large smile spread across his face.  It was easy to tell that is 
what he wanted to know.

He leaned in again and began to kiss her more passionately this time.  Outside 
the lab Washu could feel nervousness from Ryoko, then extreme joy.  So mush so 
that she felt it hard not to crack a smile too.  Ryo-Oki came running down 
stairs to Washu.  She was meowing happily as Washu told her to go to the kitchen 
and not to go into the lab for a while.  She understood and rushed into the 
kitchen hoping for a carrot, when it came she was extremely happy.  What Washu 
did not know was that Ryo-Oki was sensing emotions from Tenchi, and she was 
happy to know he was ok.

As she munched happily on the carrot, Tenchi asked Ryoko, "how do you block Ryo-
Oki's thoughts cause I am seeing carrots before my eyes."  They both started 
laughing as she tried to tell him.  Back outside Ryo-Oki through her mental link 
now with Tenchi told him sorry, and she tried to close off her part of the link.

(Authors Note: Although this is a great spot for a lemon I am keeping this 
clean, but everyone can easily guess what happens.  Also, I will write the lemon 
part and submit it later so keep watching for it.)

About lunchtime Tenchi and Ryoko finally had gotten out of bed and dressed 
again.  Breakfast was cold, but still good.  Ryoko had teleported to his room to 
get him a change of clothes too since his was destroyed from the fight.  That is 
when they saw the message from Ayeka.  Tenchi swallowed hard and hit the play 
button.  Neither knew what to expect, for so long Ayeka had hated and cared for 
Ryoko, but in all their fights it never got that bad.  The scene that played out 
before them was beyond what either of them expected.  Ryoko heard her apologize 
and ask for forgiveness, and then they both heard her tell the sleeping Ryoko to 
take care of Tenchi.  When she moved to him they were surprised to find that she 
has seen them kiss the other day, and even more so that she was asking for 
forgiveness for her actions. 

When it finished they were awe struck, and Ryoko broke the silence, "I think we 
should forgive her, she seams to have grown up fast in a short time."  Tenchi 
looked at her and nodded in agreement.  Then feeling of his neck Ryoko could see 
the scar in the shape of her fangs that she had left him with from the moment of 
pleasure.  Before they left she had seen it in a mirror and said to her, "Ryoko, 
you have marked me as yours and I will forever be just that." He kissed her once 
more before they exited the lab with her smiling contentedly.

In the world outside Washu sat outside her lab with Mayuka with everyone else 
waiting around.  Finally about noontime when they had gathered to eat again the 
door to the lab creaked open.  Everyone jumped up and ran to greet them.  
Everyone hugged them saying how glad they were that they were all right.  Ayeka 
finally spoke up.  "Will you people please leave them alone for a minute!"

All eyes turned to her as she asked everyone to sit down.  She looked at Tenchi 
and then Ryoko, and she could see how in love they were.  When she looked at 
Ryoko she no longer saw the demon woman, but a friend and maybe family?  But the 
flustered look from Ryoko and the grin on Tenchi's face not to mention the 
strange scar on his neck she knew they had not been sleeping in there.  

"I trust you have had a chance to see my message?"  Both nodded and she 
continued, "then Lord Tenchi, it is time for a choice and a declaration."  
Everyone gasped and tried to say that she was not being fair.  Tenchi and Ryoko 
could see her face while everyone else saw just the back of her head.  She was 
smiling and mouthed the word congratulations to Ryoko.

Tenchi silenced everyone when he spoke. "Princess Ayeka you are correct it is 
time for a choice and a declaration."  Tenchi put his hands on Ayeka's shoulders 
and spoke.  "Ayeka, I do care for you and even love you, but I cannot become 
your husband."  She looked down but she had already known the answer.  He then 
turned to Ryoko.  "Ryoko, thanks to your gift of the gem I have been saved, and 
also thanks to them I can see your past, but I cannot just choose you," he 
paused as everyone almost fainted. "I cannot be anything else to you than your 
husband."  He moved to one knee, "Ryoko will you marry me?" 

The shock had worn off and even Ryoko was left wondering then when he asked her 
to marry him she began to cry and repeated over and over again that she would.  
The scene was so touching that Mihoshi, Sasami, and Ryo-Oki began to cry.  Even 
Ayeka and Kiyone shed a tear over this.  Tenchi stood and kissed Ryoko before 
everyone as they all got up to hug them and congratulate them.  Ayeka turned to 
her brother, and whispered to him something, but no one else noticed.

Katsuhito then approached Noboyuki and whispered into his ear something. 
Noboyuki's eyes' lit up and he ran upstairs.  When he came back he cleared his 
throat loudly.  When the chatter stopped he spoke, "I cannot allow this to 
continue."  Tenchi tried to protest as Ryoko's eyes fell to the floor.  "In 
order for this to continue," he paused again getting a kick out of it as all 
eyes were on him. "Tenchi, you cannot marry her, you still have to finish school 
and you still have to get her a ring."

"Dad!" Tenchi was not sure what was up.  "I have one more week of school then I 
graduate and as for the ring it's gonna take me months to save up for that!"

His dad smiled, then added, "well then I guess you will need this."  He tossed a 
small box to Tenchi and even before he caught it he knew what it was.  Opening 
the box he removed the ring, the same one his mom had worn.

"Ryoko, will you accept this as a token of my love and my proposal?"  He asked 
but he knew the answer already.  He slipped it on her finger as she through 
tears weakly said yes, again.  Everyone forgot about lunch as they all talked 
about what happened, but Sasami was not hurt about it, this was much more fun.
