Disclaimer:  I do NOT own ANY of these characters or ANY other character in
ANY of the Tenchi Series OR Movies.  If I did own them, then the whole
series would be shot to hell and would have never ever been popular.  The
characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.  Please do not
pick me out of the pile to be sued.  I can not afford to be sued. I'm not
usually drawn to these kinds of things, but I haven't written in a LOOONG
time and I like the Tenchi series so this sparked my interest.  Anyway, sit
back and enjoy the story.  Oh yeah, any resemblance of this story to any one
else's story is purely coincidental!  And REMEMBER…PLEASE DO NOT SUE ME!

Information: Sorry for the delay everybody. My hard drive got all messed up
and I lost everything.  I’m already halfway done with part six and after
part seven comes The Date Series.  So stick around. I would really
appreciate it if you would e-mail me your thoughts on my particular story.
You can E-mail me at hwnboy7@hotmail.com.  Keep in mind the characters'
voices, attitudes, feelings, actions, and the way they would say every word
in here.  If you do this, the story will come to life.  Thank you very much
and enjoy.

                    The Choice is yours…Tenchi
                             Part Five

        Washu found Ryoko sitting alone on the dock, crying.  She too, had
seen
what had happened between Ryoko and Tenchi and it hurt Washu too see her
daughter cry.  As Washu approached her, Ryoko tried to wipe the tears off of
her face.  Washu quietly sat down next to Ryoko and put her hand on her
shoulder.

        "Ryoko, you have to understand," explained Washu, "that Tenchi is
thinking
about the consequences.  He's afraid that if the rest of us find out, it
would jeopardize our friendship with him."

        "But why?" Ryoko asked softly as she stared at her reflection in the
lake.
"Why should any of this matter?  If he loves me…then…then none of this
should matter.  Tenchi can't…he can't even say that he loves me.  That's all
I've ever wanted hear…all I've ever wanted from him."

        As Ryoko finished her sentence, a tear fell from her eye and she
watched it
as it hit the water.  The ripples distorted Ryoko's reflection.  When the
ripples ceased, she saw Tenchi's face instead of her reflection.  All of a
sudden, Ryoko remembered Tenchi holding her hand.  When Tenchi took her hand
in his, time seemed to stop for Ryoko as they looked into each other's eyes.
  She knew instantly how Tenchi had felt about her at that moment.  Ryoko
reached out her hand toward the reflection of Tenchi, but ripples in the
water took it away from her.  She looked behind her only to see Mihoshi
running towards them.

        “Washu!  Washu!” Mihoshi yelled.  There was a look of worry and
confusion
on her face.

        “No…” Washu said as she slowly started to turn pale.  “I know that
look…”

        “Washu I was just cleaning up your lab and I guess I accidentally
knocked
over some liquid,” explained Mihoshi.

        “…Liquid…” Washu said slowly, growing paler every second.

        “It spilled on one of your consoles,” Mihoshi continued, “and I
guess it
ruined it.”

        “…Why…why,” mumbled Washu.  She was now completely white.  “How did
you…”
Before she could finish her sentence, Mihoshi went on explaining what had
happened.

        “Then there was that small fire that it caused, but don’t worry,”
Mihoshi
said as she smiled, “I put it out by spraying water everywhere.  Umm…Miss
Washu are you okay?  You don’t look too well.  Hello?  Washu?”

        “……………..” Washu stood silently for a minute and then raised her head
slowly.

        “Anyway that’s what happened, Wa…h-hey!  Washu what are you doing?!”
Mihoshi yelled as Washu grabbed her.

        “HOW THE HELL DO YOU KEEP GETTING INTO MY LAB?!!!” Washu screamed as
she
shook Mihoshi.

        “Ummm,” thought Mihoshi, “through the door.  How else would I be
able to
get in?”

        A rather large vein had appeared on Washu’s forehead and she was now
red.
“The door was locked and I put a device on it to redirect anybody who opened
it to the shrine!”

        “Oh,” Mihoshi said smiling, “was that what it was?  I thought it was
just
junk so I took it off.”

        “I’ve had just about enough of you Mihoshi! I…” at that moment,
Washu
detected a faint burning smell.  As she looked toward the house, she saw a
trail of smoke.  “My…my lab!!!”

        “Oh my,” Mihoshi said freeing herself from Washu.  “I guess I didn’t
put
the fire all the way out huh, Washu?  Washu?  Hmm?”

        Washu had left to go save the rest of her lab before Mihoshi was
done
talking.  She could be heard screaming and cursing in her lab.  Mihoshi
turned around to look at Ryoko, but she was nowhere to be found.  An
explosion could be heard in the background along with the screams of Kiyone
and Washu.  Mihoshi quickly ran towards the house to save her partner.

        Kiyone had just gotten ready to leave for patrol when she realized
Mihoshi
had disappeared.  They were already running late and the fact that she had
to go look for Mihoshi angered her.  Kiyone was just about to start on her
search when she saw something out of the corner of her eye.

        “Huh?  Smoke?” Kiyone said while watching the smoke rise up the
stairway.
“Oh no!  Dammit!  It’s her!  It has to be!”

        Kiyone quickly rushed down the stairs to find the source of the
smoke.  As
she got down the stairs, Kiyone could see smoke coming out the cracks of
Washu’s door.  She was about to open it when Washu rushed past her and
opened it.  Kiyone quickly followed her into the lab.  The smoke was so
thick that she had to close her eyes.  She grabbed hold of Washu to lead
her.

        “Washu, what the hell is going on?!” demanded Kiyone.

        “It’s Mihoshi!” yelled Washu.  “She got into my lab again!”

        After advancing through the smoke for five minutes, Kiyone stopped.
“Washu, where are we going?!” she asked.

        “I don’t know,” answered Washu, “I can’t see through all this
smoke!”

        “WHAT?!” yelled Kiyone.  “You mean to tell me that both of us have
been
walking around blindly?!”

        “Don’t worry,” assured Washu as she bumped into one of her consoles,
“I
think I’ve found something that can help us!”  Washu felt around the console
until she found a large button.

        “What is it?” Kiyone asked while coughing.

        “It’s the button for the fan,” Washu said.  “At least I think it is.
One
push of this should get rid of the smoke.”

        As Washu pushed the button, Kiyone looked around her.  “Umm…Washu?
The
smoke isn’t going away.”

        “Hmm…let’s see,” said Washu as she and Kiyone inspected the screen
on the
console.

! 3 SECONDS UNTIL CONSOLE EXPLOSION !

        “AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” screamed Washu and Kiyone in
unison.  An
enormous explosion cut off their scream.  The aftermath of the explosion was
horrible.  In the midst of the rubble stood a dazed Kiyone while Washu was
on the ground sobbing.

        “M-my…lab!” cried Washu as she looked at the mess that surrounded
her.

        “Damn…that…Miho…shi,” mumbled Kiyone, who was still in shock.  She
was
knocked out of her daze as she saw Mihoshi barge in and run towards her.

        “Kiyone!!!” yelled Mihoshi as she grabbed her partner and started to
shake
her.  “Oh Kiyone!  I heard you screaming so I came to rescue you as fast as
I cou…huh?  Kiyone what’s wrong with you?!  On no!!!  I came too late!
Kiyone please don’t die!  I…!”

        “Would you knock it off, Mihoshi!” Kiyone interrupted as she freed
herself.
  “I’m not dead!  Look what you did to Washu’s lab!”

        “Huh?” said Mihoshi as she looked around her.  “Umm…I did this?  I’m
sorry
Washu.  I…uh…didn’t know.”

        “YOU!” Washu yelled as she stood up.  “I…AM…GOING…TO…KILL YOU!!!”