Disclaimer:  ALL characters mentioned in this story are property of AIC and
Pioneer.  Any
similarities of this story to any one else’s is purely coincidental.  Please
do not sue me.  I am but
a lowly writer, who cannot afford to be sued.  Thank you.
Information: I would really appreciate it if you would e-mail me your
thoughts on my
particular story.  You can E-mail me at shichigami7@hotmail.com.  Keep in
mind the
characters' voices, attitudes, feelings, actions, and the way they would say
every word in here.
If you do this, the story will come to life.  Thank you very much and enjoy.
  Sorry for the delay.

                    The Choice Is Yours…Tenchi
                              Part Six

        “I should have told her,” thought Tenchi as he headed for the lake.
“But
if I
had…what then?”

        Tenchi was almost out of breath.  The distance from the field to the
lake
was quite large and even though he was running his fastest, Tenchi felt like
he
was going nowhere.  As he looked towards his left, he caught a glimpse of
the
lake.  At that moment he ignored the pain in his side and increased his
speed,
thinking only of Ryoko.

        “Almost there,” thought Tenchi as he caught his house in full view.
“I’m
coming, Ry…?  Wha?”

        “What’s that burning smell?” Tenchi asked himself as he stopped
abruptly
and sniffed the air.  “AAAGH!!!  My house!!!  Why is there smoke coming out
of
my house?!”

        In the distance Tenchi could hear Mihoshi calling for help.  He
rushed
towards as fast as he could.  After flinging the front door open, Tenchi
tried to
find out where Mihoshi’s screams were coming from, but stopped after seeing
trails of smoke coming out of Washu’s room.

        “Oh great,” said Tenchi to himself.  “She got in again.”

        In the middle of the rubble, Tenchi could see Washu and Kiyone
chasing
after Mihoshi.  He decided to wait for a moment before stepping in.  As
Tenchi
watched the three of them, he couldn’t help but smile.  Mihoshi was a
walking
disaster and the fact that the greatest scientific genius in the universe
and one of
the Galaxy Police’s top detectives couldn’t catch her was amusing to him.
Holding in his laughter, Tenchi looked on and saw Mihoshi trip on something.
There was a look of fear on her face as Kiyone and Washu hovered over her
with a
look of anger on their faces.  Now was the time to step in.

        “Kiyone…Washu…?  I didn’t mean any of it! I…I said I was sorry!
Please…”
begged Mihoshi.  Washu grabbed hold of Mihoshi’s neck and Kiyone was about
to
join in.

        “Okay, okay,” Tenchi interrupted, “I think Mihoshi gets the point
you two.”

        “No she doesn’t!” yelled Kiyone and Washu simultaneously.

        “The only way she’ll understand…is if she dies!!!” yelled Washu as
she
tightened her grip.

        “I agree!” said Kiyone as she joined Washu.  Mihoshi was almost out
of
breath when Tenchi loosened Kiyone and Washu’s hands from her neck.

        “Thank…you…Tenchi…” muttered Mihoshi before she passed out.

        “Great,” sighed Tenchi.  “Look, I have to do something and I’m
trusting you
two to take care of Mihoshi; not kill her.  Okay?”

        “…Fine,” agreed Kiyone and Washu in a disappointed manner.  Tenchi
took
one last glance at them and then went on his way.  As he exited Washu’s
room, he
could hear Mihoshi calling for help.  He let out a sigh and decided that
Mihoshi
would be fine.  The one thing on his mind now was Ryoko.

        Tenchi searched all of the rooms on the first floor and found no one
but
Sasami, who was busy cleaning.  As Tenchi headed up the stairs, he knew
instantly where Ryoko was and hurried to her.

        “Ryoko?” Tenchi called out as he opened the door to his room.  He
smiled
at what he saw.  On his bed sat Ryoko quietly, as if she had been waiting
for him.

        “You know,” Ryoko said softly as she stared at the ground, “I watch
you
every night and morning…just to make sure you’re still there.  I know it
doesn’t
sound like me, but I…?!”

        Tenchi cut off Ryoko as he placed his hand softly on Ryoko’s face.
He
lifted
her head up gently and kissed her softly on the lips.  When Tenchi let go,
he
stared deeply into Ryoko’s eyes.  He had finally made his decision.

        “Ryoko, I love you,” expressed Tenchi.  “I’ve always loved you and I
always
will.”

        Ryoko’s eyes sparkled with joy and a look of happiness could be seen
on her
face…which quickly turned into a grin.  Tenchi was confused for a moment,
but
then he instantly realized what was coming next.  Before he could back away,
Ryoko forced him down on the bed.

        “R-Ryoko?!” Tenchi screamed as his head slammed against the
mattress. “I
should’ve known you were faking the whole thing!  Let me go!!!”

        “Oh no,” Ryoko said as she held Tenchi’s arms down, “All that was
real.  I
really do love you, Tenchi.  I was just waiting for you to tell me…and now
that I
know, we can skip all the boring stuff and have some fun!  Now lie still so
we can
start!  You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for this, Tenchi dear!”
“RYOKOGETOFFOFME!!!” Tenchi screamed as he freed his arms and rolled off
of the bed.  “I don’t believe this!  You’re even worse than before!”

While Tenchi was talking, Ryoko was lying on the bed playfully nodding her
head.  “Uh-huh, mm-hmm, got it.  Now stop talking and come here so we can
finish our game, little boy.”

“Never mind,” Tenchi sighed as he headed for the door.  “This is exactly
what I was afraid of.”

“Hold on Tenchi,” Ryoko teased as she teleported off of the bed and
wrapped her arms around Tenchi.  “Before you go, answer me this.  Do you
still
love me?”

“…Yesido,” muttered Tenchi while coughing.

“I’m sorry,” Ryoko said as she placed a cupped hand to her ear, “I didn’t
quite catch that.”

“Yes, Ryoko, I still love you,” Tenchi said as he broke away from Ryoko and
continued for the door.  “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to go figure out a
way to
tell the others.”  As Tenchi opened the door, Ryoko grabbed hold of his arm.

“That,” Ryoko said playfully as she shut the door, “can wait.”  Scuffling
sounds could be heard outside Tenchi’s door along with an occasional cry for
help
from Tenchi.

“Tenchi…” Aeka said softly as she stared at the ground, “…lunch…is
ready…” At her feet lay the teardrops that had fallen from her eyes.