Disclaimer: I do NOT own ANY of these characters or ANY other character in
ANY of the Tenchi Series OR Movies. If I did own them, then the whole series
would be shot to hell and would have never ever been popular. The characters
in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer. Please do not pick me out of
the pile to be sued. I can not afford to be sued. This is my FIRST time
writing a fanfic EVER and I'm not usually drawn to these kinds of things,
but I haven't written in a LOOONG time and I like the Tenchi series so this
sparked my interest. Anyway, sit back and enjoy the story. Oh yeah, any
resemblance of this story to any one else's story is purely coincidental!
And REMEMBER…PLEASE DO NOT SUE ME!

Information: As I mentioned earlier, this is my first time writing a fanfic
of any kind. I would really appreciate it if you would e-mail me your
thoughts on my particular story. You can E-mail me at hwnboy7@hotmail.com.
Keep in mind the characters' voices, attitudes, feelings, actions, and the
way they would say every word in here. If you do this, the story will come
to life. Thank you very much and enjoy.

                      The Choice Is Yours... Tenchi
                              Part One

     There was a time when everything was normal. Times when the lake never
stirred and everything around Tenchi was…serene. There was also a time when
he would have welcomed this. But now…

     "…Everything is different now," thought Tenchi.

     He could feel the serenity of Okayama entering his very soul as he sat
down on one of the cherry blossom trees and began to watch the sunrise. He
had decided to sneak out of the house early this morning to think for a
while without any distractions. Tenchi figured he had about five minutes or
so before Ryoko found him. At this time, Tenchi climbed down and began to
walk back home. In the distance, he could already smell Sasami's cooking.
Glancing towards the right, Tenchi spotted Ryoko teleporting onto the lake.

     "Tenchiiiiiiii!!!!!! Where are you my love?" yelled Ryoko while looking
around frantically. "Don't worry, Tenchi, Ryoko won't bite," she thought to
herself while giggling like a little girl, "but I can't guarantee a thing
once I find you!"

     "…Great." uttered Tenchi as he started to quicken his pace. "Gotta get
home before she finds me."

     At the house, everyone else was pretty much asleep except for
Grandfather, Noboyuki, and Sasami. Sasami was cooking breakfast as usual.
The aroma filled the entire house. Grandfather went to the shrine and
Noboyuki sat in the living room drinking tea while thinking about how lucky
his son was to have six girls staying with him.

     "Hmph…" thought Noboyuki, "that boy just doesn't realize what he's got
here. Oh well."

     With that, Noboyuki decided to head off to work. He grabbed his lunch
that Sasami had prepared for him and headed out the door. As he stepped out
of the house, Noboyuki noticed Ryoko searching high and low for something.
He decided to leave her be and took off for work. Just as Noboyuki left,
Tenchi crept from behind the bushes and entered the house. He entered as
quietly as possible and tried not to make any noise as he closed the door
and headed upstairs to his bedroom. Sasami saw Tenchi sneak in and was about
to scold him, but quickly dismissed the thought. She decided that Ryoko
would do all the scolding for her.

     "Naughty boy." said Sasami quietly.

     Tenchi checked the girls' rooms quietly to see if they were still
asleep. First he cracked open Aeka's door. She was fast asleep, but at the
side of her cheek, Tenchi saw a tear run down her face. He was about to wake
her up when Aeka quietly said, "I'm so happy now…" Tenchi smiled and exited
her room. Next were Kiyone and Mihoshi. The rent for their apartment became
even harder to pay, so they had decided to come back for a while. Mihoshi
was spread out across the floor happily drooling while Kiyone was silently
asleep dreaming about a vacation without Mihoshi. As Tenchi was about to
close the door, Kiyone awoke.

     "Good morning, Tenchi." yawned Kiyone. "How long have you been there?"

     "Good morning, Kiyone." answered Tenchi with a smile. "I was just
checking to see if you were still asleep. Matter of fact I was just about to
leave. Oh yeah, breakfast is almost ready too. You'd better wake up
Mihoshi."

     "Just look at her. It almost seems like she has no worries at all."
Kiyone said as she looked down at Mihoshi. "I think I'll let her sleep a bit
longer. She'll cause less trouble if she's well rested."

     "Okay. I'll meet you downstairs in a bit," said Tenchi as he headed off
to his room. He felt exhausted for some reason, probably from all that
running earlier, and decided to take a cold shower to waken him up. Tenchi
entered his room and started to take off his shirt when he noticed someone
staring at him.

     "Gaaaaahhhhhhhh!!! Ryoko! What are you doing in here?! I thought I told
you stay out! And why are you in my bed?! I just arran…" Tenchi was cut off
as Ryoko slowly started to rise out of his bed, pulling back the covers.
Just as the sheets were about to drop, Tenchi's face turned completely red
and blood started to gush out of his nose. He quickly turned away.

     "What's the matter Tenchi?" Ryoko asked innocently. "I've been
searching all over for you and now I've finally found you! Don't worry
Tenchi, I'm clothed." Ryoko let the sheet fall and went over to squeeze
Tenchi. "To be honest, I thought you have liked the thought of me naked.
Besides it wouldn't have been the first time you've seen me like that."
Ryoko smiled and swung Tenchi around so that he was facing her. "I guess
we'll save that for another day, right Tenchi? I'll see you downstairs for
breakfast!" With that, Ryoko teleported to the kitchen. Tenchi, still in
shock after what had happened, fell backward onto the floor.

     "…Just…arranged…sh…sheets…" muttered a dazed Tenchi. After a minute or
so, Tenchi regained his composure, fixed his sheets and headed downstairs
for a bath.
