Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, Pioneer and AIC do.  I have just
used them in a story that I would love to see happen.  I am not doing this
for money, and definately not lookign for a lawsuit as I am barely making 
ends meet as it it.  I hope you enjoy the story and as a side note, This
story takes place using the OVA characters and occurs after Daughter of
Darkness movie or MNE as it is often called.

Then a sound caused her to look to her right. Tenchi had reached the clearing 
and saw Ayeka about to blast Ryoko who hung there with her head down.  He ran as 
fast as he could to help.  Ayeka had not seen Tenchi jump before the blast and 
pull Ryoko to safety as he encountered the blast.  But she could see him now 
covering Ryoko with his body as parts of his body was severely burned.  His 
blood was running out multiple wounds on his back and legs.

Everyone else had seen him as he lunged toward Ryoko and was able to grab her 
just as the blast hit him.  Ryoko was holding him trying to get him to wake up.  
She had thought she heard him say something but she did not understand it, but 
now he did not make a sound.  Washu was there first as she examined him.  Ryoko 
cried over him, "Tenchi! Tenchi, don't die on me.  Tenchi!"

Ayeka was unable to move, unable to make a sound as she realized what had 
happened.  The girls picked up Tenchi and took him to Washu's lab.  Over the 
next several hours he laid there unconscious.  Ryoko was there as was Kiyone.  
However Kiyone was acting, as Washu's assistant as she was used to doing first 
aid on others, seams as though all those years with Mihoshi was paying off.  
Ryoko just stood off to the side and cried.  She could not believe that he had 
tried to save her, with her regenerative capabilities that blast would have been 
easily recovered from, but he could not do that.

Sasami had finally been able to get Ayeka to come inside, but all she did was 
kneel by a window looking down at the lake.  Mihoshi had gone up and got 
Katsuhito to come down after she told him Tenchi was hurt.  Even Tenchi's dad 
was there and worried.  Ryoko wished that there was something she could do, but 
she had never needed to learn how to heal others.  Kagato had only taught her 
how to hurt.

She watched in horror as Tenchi's condition worsened for a while and cringed 
when she heard the alarms go off saying that his vital signs were critical.  
Watching in horror she saw the one monitoring his heart flutter a few times the 
flat-line.  Washu and Kiyone were able to bring him back this time though so his 
monitor went back to normal.

Finally after what seamed like hours of unbearable tension his monitors showed 
that he was stable again.  Washu and Kiyone finally stepped back as Ryoko got to 
see the many tubes and wires connected to him. She collapsed crying hard.  
Kiyone pulled her over to side where Washu had another bed ready for her.  Ryoko 
laid down crying uncontrollably.  Washu stayed with her as Kiyone went to the 
others to tell them that Tenchi was stable, but in serious condition.

"There, um, seams to be massive damage done to his back and legs.  He may not 
ever walk again."  She choked on the last part as everyone cried.  Ayeka had 
heard this too and she knew he would never forgive her.  "Because of me, I have 
destroyed his life and his future."  Ayeka repeated to herself.

Hour's later Ryoko was calm enough to go and see Tenchi, Washu had left to go 
talk to the family as Ryoko placed her hand in Tenchi's.  "Why did he try to 
save me, why has he tried so many times to save me?  Now, how can you love me 
when you nearly died because of me?"  She cried as she thought to herself.

She suddenly felt his grip tighten on her hand as his body lurched, "Ryoko!" he 
called and she remembered his trying to say something outside.  Looking at him 
she could see the monitors going haywire as he said one more thing, "I need... 
You." With that said she heard the alarms go off again, she used her link to 
warn Washu who ran into the room.  When she saw the alarm she ran over jumped up 
on the table avily she tried to regain her strength as Washu approached.  "Mom, 
stay back...  Keep the others out... for now."  She found it hard to talk after 
such incredible pain, but slowly managed to say it all.

Washu did not want to stay back, but she had never seen or felt this type of 
thing from Ryoko.  Even when under Kagato's influence she never had this 
seriousness'.   She did as her daughter asked though and she left the room to 
tell the others to stay back.  Several have seen her run through with the sword 
and wondered.  Sasami was surprised to see Ayeka move to help also.  For so long 
she thought her sister hated her.

Ryoko regained her strength and stood beside him.  She took his hand and used it 
to pickup the sword hilt.  She then moved on top of Tenchi.  She cringed at his 
current state.  She had put his sword in his right hand and then using his hand 
as a buffer she held his hand, then put her other hand in his left.  Leaning 
over him she placed her forehead to his and began to concentrate hard.

It took some doing but the gems started to react and the two lifted off the bed 
as the gems began to glow brightly.  As she concentrated on transferring her 
healing powers to him she sat upright on him and screamed. Washu felt her pain 
and entered the lab to see them floating in the air as Ryoko cried out.  With a 
flash Ryoko and Tenchi fell back on the bed with her out cold on top of him.  
Washu picked her up and placed her back on a bed to rest.

When she turned her attention to Tenchi she saw something different.  
Approaching she saw some of the smaller cuts and wounds healing them selves 
rapidly.  Running some quick test she grabbed his left wrist and turned it over. 
There was Ryoko's gem on him.  She was unable to speak as to what this implied.  
After several moments of complete shock she called in the others.  Everyone 
including Ayeka this time was there in her lab.  Sasami even had Mayuka with 
her.

"A short while ago some of you saw Ryoko run into the house holding Tenchi's 
sword.  Well it seams as though she had a radical plan that had severe 
ramifications that altered the genetic structure of Tenchi."  After seeing their 
blank faces she said again.  "She had a crazy plan that changed Tenchi."  With a 
collective oh she continued.  "She has somehow transferred her powers to him." 
She spoke as she showed the gem on his wrist now.  "I am not sure how many 
changes he will go through, or how many of her powers he will have, but his 
wounds are healing them selves fast.  He may even be completely healed in a 
mater of two hours."

With this last news everyone cheered.  Ayeka went over to Ryoko first, and 
placed a hand on her. "Ryoko, I am sorry, I was, I." Everyone listened closely 
until Washu ushered everyone outside fast.  Ayeka continued not knowing everyone 
was gone, "I thought you were a demon, incapable of emotions.  I was, wrong.  I 
hope you can forgive me."  Ayeka had a smile on her face for once as she looked 
at Ryoko.  "Take good care of him..." She added quietly before moving over to 
Tenchi.  Whipping away a tear she looked at him and watched as his wounds 
healed.  "Tenchi, forgive me.  I acted rashly and with hatred in my heart."  She 
found it hard to continue, but she continued speaking, "I have seen how you look 
at her, I have seen how you smile at her.  I even saw you kiss her this morning.  
I was enraged, and I attacked without mercy.  I hope that you both can forgive 
me, someday."  Washu could tell that Ayeka was now acting as a true princess and 
even marveled at her.

When Ayeka stopped speaking she turned to find only Washu there.  "Miss, um, 
Little Washu, thanks you for removing everyone."  Washu was about to speak when 
she cut the scientist off.  "I know you have monitors in here that record 
everything that is said or done."  She paused to allow the little redhead to 
nod.  "Good, when they are both awakened I would like you to replay that for 
them."  Washu agreed as Ayeka showed herself out.  She headed upstairs to her 
room and allowed herself to cry, over the loss of Yosho, Tenchi, and her ability 
to see herself as a princess after the way she acted out of anger.

Ryoko lay there completely out for an hour as she readjusted to being without 
her gem again.  She hoped that it had helped.  But without her gem she could no 
longer communicate with Ryo-Oki.  She would miss the little cabbit, but this had 
to be done. When she awoke Washu was between them.  Looking over at Tenchi she 
saw that his body was healing itself and she smiled.

"That was a dumb thing you did, but extremely brave.  You may have saved his 
life."  Washu spoke as she typed away before looking at them both.  The look on 
Ryoko's face though showed that it would be worth it.  Did you take into account 
that anything you experienced while wearing that gem he can experience too."  
Ryoko looked at her horrified.

"NO! He cannot see the things I did!  He would never want to be around me! He, 
he..." Ryoko began to cry hoping that he would not decide that he did not want 
to be around her anymore.  Washu tried to comfort her, but could think of 
nothing to say.

