Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, Pioneer and AIC do.  I have just
used them in a story that I would love to see happen.  I am not doing this
for money, and definately not lookign for a lawsuit as I am barely making 
ends meet as it it.  I hope you enjoy the story and as a side note, This
story takes place using the OVA characters and occurs after Daughter of
Darkness movie or MNE as it is often called.

Ryoko was taken aback as Tenchi had thanked her again, then when he ran off she 
was not sure who he was talking about when he said 'you'.  Ayeka was gushing as 
she babbled on that Tenchi had wanted to see her later.  Ryoko had heard enough 
of her and returned to the house leaving Ayeka there.  When she finally noticed 
she was alone Ayeka quickly ran back to the house to freshen up for Tenchi's 
return.

She had not realized he was meaning both of them, he just happened to be closer 
to Ayeka when he said it.  Ryoko was not sure what to think, he had waited for 
an hour to spend time with her, and then just when she thought something was 
about to happen Ayeka interrupted.  Tenchi also was unsure as to weather or not 
he was happy to have Ayeka burst in on them at that moment.  He recalled how 
beautiful Ryoko looked and how happy she seamed.  But he could not say what he 
felt, not to either of them.  Choosing one would mean rejecting the other and he 
could not do it.

At practice he had to go through extra steps to calm his mind and to pay 
attention to what was happening at the present.  Grandpa, could tell his mind 
was not on the moment so he made sure that anytime his mind seamed to wader it 
would be that time he chose to attack.  Tenchi had made it through another 
session this time with only a few bruises, but he was not ready to go home yet.  
He instead headed to the field where he tended to Ryo-Oki's carrots.  He allowed 
himself to smile at that thought, all these carrots for one little furry 
creature.

After having so many meals with carrots Tenchi was starting to dislike them, but 
they seamed to make the little cabbit happy.  Looking up he noticed the sun was 
getting low in the sky so he wandered home to find that there were no new holes 
for once and nothing was destroyed.  Shaking off his surprise he entered and 
before he could proclaim he was home the girls attacked him.  Ayeka, Mihoshi, 
Sasami, and even the toddler Ryo-Oki had a hold of him.  He looked around and 
noticed that Ryoko was not here.  Sensing something was up, but not sure how to 
ask he gave them a quick hug and then smelt dinner.  He looked up to see of all 
people Ryoko setting the table.

He smiled and Ryoko noticed it, but continued with her business before setting a 
place for Mayuka.   When the girls let go they ushered him in to the kitchen and 
he noticed that Sasami had outdone her self again and they were all treated to a 
wondrous meal.  Ryoko was still unsure what would have happened had Ayeka not 
shown up and why had he waited for her.  She sat a little distance away from him 
and fed Mayuka as they all ate.  When dinner was over they all played with the 
baby before she started to get tired.  Ryoko saw her yawn and collected the 
child from the floor.  

Everyone looked at her as Ryoko spoke, "well it seams as though you're a tired 
one today, lets get you to bed." Cradling the child in her arms Ryoko started 
towards the stairs when Tenchi stopped her and kissed his daughter goodnight.

"Thank you for taking such good care of her Ryoko."  He said, but she could tell 
that he wanted to say something else.  

To keep herself from breaking down in front of everyone she responded, "it's 
nothing, but you had better get some sleep too, I heard Katsuhito say he was 
going to step up your training tomorrow."  She smiled at him the ascended the 
staircase.

Tenchi watched as she turned from him and floated up the stairs, and he marveled 
at how beautiful she was then it sunk in what she said. "WHAT! Step up my, oh 
no." He hung his head as Mihoshi, Kiyone, Sasami, Washu and even Ryo-Oki 
laughed.  Ayeka however had seen the look between them and she was not happy.  
Ryoko herself was not sure what was happening.  For all the time she spent 
pawing over him he seamed to not catch on that she loved him but now that she 
had averted her attention to Mayuka he seamed to be taking more interest in her.  
Sitting in the room with the baby she quietly sang her to sleep.  Unaware that 
after she had left Tenchi had also gone upstairs and was listening to her sing.

He stood outside his daughter's room listening to Ryoko sing feeling a peace 
come over him that he could not understand.  He thought about going in to listen 
more, but barging in on her twice in one day seamed a bit excessive. So he 
whispered goodnight to his daughter and to Ryoko before going to his room.

When he went to bed he dreamed of peaceful things as his mind wondered what the 
future held.  But then his dreams turned dark as multiple things started to 
happen.  He dreamed of returning to Jurai with Ayeka but in his life there he 
was not happy.  Sure she made a beautiful bride, but all he wanted was to return 
to his little house, his little carrot field.  Countless times she had to 
correct him about how proper and royal people did not do such things.   He also 
dreamed of how devastated Ryoko had been that she had demanded to be put back in 
the cave for the rest of her life.  Tenchi had been unable to do it, but Ayeka 
was more then happy to seal the demon up for good this time, by destroying the 
entrance.

He awoke in a sweat and sat upright, crying.  He cared for Ryoko a lot and he 
did not want to see her end up like this.  But with her reputation and her 
temper he did not think she would be happy here for the rest of her life.  Her 
life, which brought up another thing, she was over a thousand years old.  If he 
were to proclaim his love how long would it last?  As he grew old and she 
remained young would she still stay, or leave me?

Unable to sleep anymore he went to the bathroom to wash his face, then he 
ventured into his daughter's room.  He looked in on her as she slept.  "Dream 
well my darling."  He stood there for a while then moved over to the chair and 
leaned back into it, then suddenly stood up holding his mouth so he would not 
scream.  He looked back at the chair and realized now that Ryoko was asleep in 
it.  He watched her for a while then left to get a bed mat and a sheet.

He laid the mat on the ground then placed her on it, followed by the sheet.  He 
then sat in the chair and watched them both sleep.  Feeling peace come over him 
he drifted off to sleep as Ryoko's song replayed in his minds ear.  Tenchi 
remembered all those times that he awoke to see her watching over him or her 
sleeping in the chair beside him.  He cornered her once about it and demanded to 
know why she did that and she began to cry as she explained that it relaxed her 
so that she could sleep.  He remembered a horrible feeling as he had scolded her 
for something so simple.  She had not tried to trick him or seduce him as he had 
thought.  He then apologized and told her that she was welcome to watch anytime 
if it helped her that much.

That much, he could not believe something that simple helped that much but she 
took him up on it, but did not do it every night.  She had given him some 
privacy, and her mood swings on the days that he allowed her to stay were 
greatly improved.  He fell asleep again watching them both sleep.  This time the 
dreams stayed peaceful.

Awaking the next morning he found himself on the mat and Ryoko in the chair.  
"Hello sleepyhead," she said quietly as Mayuka was still asleep.  "You know of 
coarse it is my job to watch you sleep."

Sitting up he noticed he was still in his clothes from the night before and was 
relieved that she had not done anything to him.  "I know, I guess. But you 
looked uncomfortable so I made a bed for you, but I guess I was too tired to go 
back to my room."  He stood and stretched, then leaning over the crib he kissed 
his daughter good morning.

"May I have one too?" Ryoko was looking down as she asked to hide her blushing.  
She screamed to herself,  "why did I ask that?!".  Trying to hide her 
nervousness or fear she look down at the floor waiting for his lecture again.

"Ryoko, you know...." He thought about it, then placed a hand on her cheek.  She 
felt his warmth and looked up as she was prepared for another lecture when he 
kissed her forehead and said good morning to her too.

She began to cry for happiness as he spoke, "You know Ayeka should not know of 
this.  I do not like it when you fight.  Please do not exaggerate this..." he 
was unsure why he kissed her, he had wanted to for a long time, and it just 
seamed right, but he did not want to hurt Ayeka.

Ryoko nodded and after giving him a reassuring look she tried to hide her 
emotions.  Smiling brightly she reassured him that she would not fight he 
noticed again how she seamed to be glowing.  Before he could say another word 
she phased out and left the room.  He collected Mayuka in his arms and headed 
downstairs for breakfast.  

When he reached the bottom of the stairs the smell of a delicious breakfast hit 
him.  With his stomach grumbling he joined Sasami in the kitchen to get 
breakfast for Mayuka.  Once he had her breakfast he sat down to feed her.  The 
other girls showed up one by one and 'ooed' and 'awed' over her as she ate.  
When he finished feeding her he passed her to one of the girls so he could eat.  

At that moment Katsuhito entered the room, "Tenchi! Hurry up and finish you are 
late!"  Groaning he realized that Ryoko had been right about the stepped up 
training.  He finished eating then rushing upstairs he grabbed his sword, 
changed clothes and rushed off to train.

After he was gone All the girls save Ryoko and Washu were eating breakfast when 
Sasami noticed Ryoko was missing.  "Where is Ryoko? Um, Where's Washu too?"

Kiyone spoke up, "Oh you know Washu, working on her latest invention again."  
Everyone knew that Washu would miss a few meals as she worked.  But the thought 
of another invention worried them still.

"What about Ryoko?" Sasami was genially concerned over her friend's absence.

"That devil woman is still sleeping I bet" Ayeka was still cold to her even 
though that devil woman had saved her live a number of times.  She was almost to 
the point of accepting Ryoko as a friend but every time she saw that thing 
around Tenchi it caused her blood to boil.

"Ayeka, that is not nice!" said Sasami in a scolding tone.  The others looked at 
her and wondered how could she be that cruel.

Mayuka chose this particular time to start crying loudly. Mihoshi who had been 
holding her tried to comfort her before crying herself.  Kiyone tried to help 
but it was beyond her. Sasami finally picked her up and took her upstairs to 
change her diaper.  With Sasami gone Ayeka huffed and went outside, still mad 
that everyone was siding with that demon and not her.  The remaining two 
collected the dishes and began to clean up the kitchen.  It was some time later 
that Washu and Ryoko showed up for breakfast.

Kiyone and Mihoshi informed them that Tenchi and Katsuhito were training and 
were not to be disturbed.  After breakfast Ryoko and Washu left to talk to 
Sasami.  From what the bubble-headed blonde Mihoshi had said the little girl 
corrected her sister in front of others.  They walked in and saw the little girl 
playing on the floor with Mayuka.

"Sasami, I wanted to say thanks for standing up for me, but you don't need 
to..." Ryoko was not sure why she added the last part, but she was happy that 
someone else did not think her a devil.

Smiling broadly, "it' ok.  Beside she should not say those things in front of 
Mayuka."  All of them smiled about that comment.  Washu and Ryoko sat on the 
floor with Sasami as they took turns playing with Mayuka.  Later that day Ryoko 
took out some of the baby's dirty clothes and tried to wash them, but not being 
really used to it she was doing badly.

She then heard someone laughing behind her and she knew who it was.  "What do 
you want Ayeka?"

"Oh my this is funny, a demon washing clothes." Ayeka kept giggling as Ryoko 
tried to continue, but for some reason those constant comments were wearing on 
her.

Feeling her inside boiling over she stood and said, "I have had it with you, 
what is your problem?"  She desperately wanted to fire a bolt at the little 
princess, but she would not lift a finger against her.

"You are my problem you demon.  You are trying to weasel your way between Tenchi 
and me and I will not stand around as you take him from me.  It time you 
disgusting thing to leave this place."  Ayeka looked at her sternly as she 
continued to speak.

Ryoko listened but instead of hearing Ayeka she could hear Kagato telling her 
again how worthless and defective she was.  Undeserving of any emotions.  She 
was nothing.  Inside she was falling apart as Ayeka continued to call her things 
demanding her to leave but all Ryoko heard was the Voice of Kagato as she 
remembered the torture he put her through.  Ryoko screamed, phased into her 
battle suit and created an energy saber in her hand facing Ayeka.

Ayeka looked at her and said, "I was hoping you would try to fight, now feel the 
wrath of Jurai you devil woman!"

Ryoko then remembered Tenchi kissing her this morning and how she had promised 
not to fight.  She let the sword dissipate as she lowered her head.  "I will 
not..."

She was cut off as Ayeka's Mini-Logs appeared around her holding her in place.  
Ayeka powered up a blast as Ryoko was stopped in mid sentence.  Ayeka's anger 
burned hot as she had seen Tenchi kiss her, she was passing the room when she 
saw it.  She would not have him defiled by this creature.

The first blast hit Ryoko hard and sent her flying backwards.  Everyone heard 
the blast, even Tenchi and his grandfather.  Just as Tenchi was about to leave 
his grandfather said, "do not go you have to stay."

Tenchi stopped for a moment then looking over his shoulder he said, "no I have 
to go."  As he ran off he did not see the smile on his grandfathers face.  As he 
ran he heard several more explosions but something seamed wrong about it.  He 
increased his speed to the point that he thought he was gonna break.

Ayeka had landed several direct hits on her target, but Ryoko still refused to 
fight back.  "Now demon since you will not go on your own I will get rid of you 
for good!"  All of the girls watched in horrified silence as Ayeka pounded on 
Ryoko without Ryoko fighting back.  Ayeka thought it was because she was hurt 
too bad, but the others could see that she would not fight back for some reason.

Ayeka spent a few moments to power up an incredible blast as Ryoko hung there, 
as she thought unable to fight back.  She released the blast at that devil.  The 
energy hit and exploded causing her to close her eyes.  When she looked back 
Ryoko was not there.  "Good she is gone for good."
