Disclaimer:  I do NOT own ANY of these characters or ANY other character in
ANY of the Tenchi Series OR Movies.  If I did own them, then the whole
series would be shot to hell and would have never ever been popular.  The
characters in this story are property of AIC and
Pioneer.  Please do not pick me out of the pile to be sued.  I can not
afford to be sued.  This is my FIRST time writing a fanfic EVER and I'm not
usually drawn to these kinds of things, but I haven't written in a LOOONG
time and I like the Tenchi series so this sparked my interest.
Anyway, sit back and enjoy the story.  Oh yeah, any resemblance of this
story to any one else's story is purely coincidental!  And REMEMBER...PLEASE
DO NOT SUE ME!

Information:  As I mentioned earlier, this is my first time writing a fanfic
of any kind (I plan for this fanfic to be particularly long).  I would
really appreciate it if you would e-mail me your thoughts on my particular
story.  You can E-mail me at hwnboy7@hotmail.com.  Keep in mind the
characters' voices, attitudes, feelings, actions, and the way they would say
every word in here.  If you do this, the story will come to life.  Thank you
very much and enjoy.

                        The Choice is yours...Tenchi
                                Part Three

        "I'm home everybody!" Tenchi said as he closed the door.  There was
no
response.  He wondered where everybody had gone.  As he entered the kitchen,
Tenchi found a note on the counter.

        "Tenchi,
                We decided to go to bed early, except for Washu.  Dinner is
on the table
and should still be hot.  See you tomorrow morning.  Good night."
                                                Sasami

        Tenchi put the note away and grabbed two carrots before heading for
the
table.  As he sat down, he gave the carrots to Ryo-Ohki.  She happily ate
them.  Tenchi poured himself some tea and started to eat.  "Mmm..." he said
to himself. "Sasami outdoes herself every time."

        After a silent dinner and a long shower, Tenchi put Ryo-Ohki to bed
since
she had instantly fallen asleep after dinner.  Tenchi tried to sleep after
that, but
couldn't so he decided to pay Washu a visit.  "Hello?" Tenchi called out.
Her lab was huge and his voice echoed throughout the place.  He got no
answer, though.  "Washu?" still no answer.  Tenchi searched the whole lab
and still hadn't found her.  He was about to leave when he heard footsteps
behind him.

        "Tenchi?  What are you doing here this late?" asked a surprised
Washu as
she emerged from the shadows.

        "Washu where were you?" Tenchi asked.  The sudden appearance of her
had
startled him a bit.  "I searched the whole lab and couldn't find you."

        "I got thirsty and went out to get a drink," Washu said holding up a
glass
of water then taking a sip.  "Why'd you want to see me?"

        "Well, I couldn't sleep and I figured you were awake, so I came here
to see
if you could..." Before Tenchi could finish, a blushing Washu interrupted
him.

        "Oh my," Washu said still blushing.  "I didn't think you would have
enjoyed that little incident in the bath this much!  This is an unexpected
event.  I thought it would've taken a few dates or drinks or my plan to
kidnap you two weeks from now for you to ask me to do something like this,
but I guess the bath did the trick!"  By now, Washu was giggling and had
turned completely red.

        "Whaaa?!" Tenchi screamed.  "Dates?!  Drinks?!  Kidnap?!"

        "Now, now, Tenchi," Washu said as she grabbed Tenchi and put him on
a steel
table.  "You just lie down and let Science Professor Washu do all the work!"
  Washu disappeared for a second and then appeared in a teacher's outfit.
Since this is our first time, Tenchi, we'll make it fun you naughty little
boy!" Washu said with excitement.  "We'll first start with the dissection of
the shirt and move our way...down!" by now Washu was red all over and
giggling uncontrollably while Tenchi was frantically trying to get away.

        "Washu!" yelled Tenchi.  "I came here to see if you could TALK!!!  I
ONLY
WANTED TO TALK!!!"

        Washu stared at Tenchi for a second and then let him off the table.
"What
is it that you wanted to talk about Tenchi?" she said, disappointed.

        "I wanted to talk about Aeka and Ryoko," Tenchi said quietly.  "You
know
that I love all of you girls equally, right?  I just don't understand why
Aeka and
Ryoko don't get it."

        "It's you, Tenchi," Washu said.  "There's just something about you
that
attracts all of us to you.  That's the only thing I can think of."

        "Well, how come the rest of you don't act like they do?" Tenchi
asked.

        "Because," explained Washu, "we know that it's your decision to
choose
whoever you want, not ours."  Washu smiled at Tenchi and said, "Just between
you and me, you would choose me right?"

        "Washu!" yelled Tenchi.

        "That's okay, you don't have to answer right away," Washu said with
a
smile.  "I'll get the answer in two weeks anyway."

        Tenchi looked at Washu with confusion and started to walk towards
the door.
  "Good night, Little Wa...?!" Tenchi managed to say before falling down.
He felt something attached to his wrist and was horrified to see what it
was.  His wrist was chained to one of the legs of the steel table.  When
Tenchi looked around, Washu was gone.  He knew what he was in for and tried
desperately to get away.  Running out of ideas, Tenchi started to drag the
table to the door.  He was almost there when Washu appeared in front of him.

        "I'm not done with you yet," said Washu devilishly as she forced
Tenchi on
the Table once more and locked the door.  Tenchi could only look on in
horror as Washu inched closer and closer, laughing in an evil manner.  The
silence of the night was broken by Tenchi's horrible scream, which echoed
throughout the entire house.

        The next morning was beautiful.  The lake was calm and glistening,
the
birds were chirping, and the air was calm and cool.  Sasami and Ryo-Ohki
were the first to take in the beauty.  Everyone else was still asleep, as
usual, and Tenchi was nowhere to be found.

        "He must have gotten up early to work on the fields," said Sasami.
"Come
on Ryo-Ohki.  We better get started on breakfast."  Ryo-Ohki happily led the
way into the kitchen and Sasami playfully ran after her.  As they ran
downstairs, Ryoko woke up and sat upright on her bed hugging her knees.  She
had a good night's sleep (something she's never had without sake and a
hangover) and was thinking about her dream.  Throughout the whole night, she
had dreamt of Tenchi.  Ryoko rubbed her eyes and felt the salt from her
tears.  She quickly wiped all of it away.  After that, Ryoko got up to check
up on Tenchi.

        "Not here," said Ryoko as she teleported into Tenchi's room.  She
then
decided to check the fields.  "Not here either.  Maybe he's still in the
house."  Ryoko searched every room until only Washu's room was left.  "Maybe
she's conducting more tests on him," Ryoko said as she entered Washu's lab.
"But why so early unless...oh no!"  Ryoko quickly searched the lab for Washu
and Tenchi.  She found Tenchi asleep tied to a steel table and Washu working
on her computer just a couple feet away.

        "Washu, what did you do to Tenchi?!" Ryoko asked angrily as she
lifted up
Washu by her shirt.  "Why is he tied down and why is his shirt off?!  You
better not have...!"

        Before Ryoko could finish, Washu cut her off.  "Don't worry.  I was
conducting some...tests, but he passed out before the fun part could begin."
  Washu freed herself from Ryoko's grip and started to untie Tenchi.  "You
know he loves you," said Washu softly.

        "So what," Ryoko said as she helped Washu untie Tenchi, "he loves
all of
us."

        Washu stopped for a moment and grabbed Ryoko's hand.  "But he loves
YOU."

        "W-what?" asked Ryoko as she pulled her hand back in shock.
"How...do you
know?"  Tears were starting to form out of the corners of her eyes as she
waited for Washu to answer.

        "Well," started Washu, "a little bit after Tenchi passed out, he
said
'Ryoko...' "

        Ryoko turned her head to one side and wiped her cheek.  "He just
said my
name.  That doesn't mean anything."

        "If you would have let me finish," Washu said while she looked down
at
Tenchi, "you would have heard the whole sentence.  While he was passed out,
he said 'Ryoko, I...love you too.' "

        The tears streamed down Ryoko's face.  She turned around to look at
Tenchi
as he lay on the table.  He was sleeping peacefully with a smile on his
face.  Ryoko felt like waking Tenchi up and telling him how much she loved
him.  She wanted him to tell her that he loved her and then hold her for the
rest of the day as she wept tears of happiness.  Ryoko gently took Tenchi's
hand and just held it in her hand as she tried to wipe the tears in her
eyes.  Washu stood near Tenchi's head looking at Ryoko and smiling.  As
Ryoko moved her hand towards Tenchi's face, his eyes began to open.  Ryoko
quickly let go of Tenchi's hand and
backed away.

        "Good morning, Washu!" Tenchi yawned.  As he was about to get up,
Tenchi's
eyes widened and he turned pale.  He had noticed the rope and finally
remembered last night's events.  "W-Washu!" Tenchi screamed in horror.
"What did you do to me?!  Why is my shirt gone?!!  Why is there rope around
me?!!!"  Tenchi jumped off the table and noticed Ryoko by Washu.  "Ryoko?!
What did you two do to me?!" yelled Tenchi.

        "Don't worry," explained Washu.  "You passed out before I could do
anything.  Ryoko here had nothing to do with it.  Right Ryoko?"  As soon as
Washu had finished her sentence, Ryoko teleported out of the room.

        "Washu, can I please have my shirt back?" asked Tenchi.  "What's
wrong with
Ryoko?"

        "She knows, Tenchi," Washu said as she handed back Tenchi's shirt.

        "Huh?" Tenchi said as he put his shirt back on.  "What are you
talking
about?"

        "Never mind," Washu said with a smile.  "You don't need to know just
yet.
Come on, breakfast is probably ready by now."  Washu ushered Tenchi out the
door and they both headed for the kitchen.