First as always all characters belong to pioneer and any one else I
don't know about and secondly I ain't making a dime of this so don't
sue. I did create the planet Atearlan so if you want to use it please
give me credit.

This continues the I choose Ryoko timeline

This is the fourth installment after this one I will be taking a break
from this story in order to work on a Dragon Ball epic but I should be
back on it in a few weeks


Tenchi Muyo Wedding Bells

Tenchi was in town on an errand of some kind and Ryoko was attempting to
cook dinner buy following one of Sasami's recipes that she had brung
with her.  

She was surprised when Tenchi asked her into the living room. when she
walked in the door her jaw dropped as Tenchi knelt on one knee and held
out a beautiful ring he asked her in a quiet voice "Ryoko will you marry
me" She was shocked speechless as he slid the ring on her finger finally
she stammered "yes Tenchi of course I will marry you but we just started
seeing each other I thought you wanted to wait a while." He smiled and
said "I know that I want to spend the rest of my life with you so why
should we wait." She thought well you can't argue with that logic. Later
on she got a second surprize while not gourmet her meal was atleast
pleasant enough to eat with out large amounts of tea to drown out it's
taste.

Aeka and Sasami where sitting in the Garden when a messenger arrived
with the envelope containing a message for them both Aeka was ecstatic
she assumed that Tenchi had released his mistake and was in love with
her after all she burst into tears as she read that Ryoko and Tenchi
were getting married Sasami said "how wonderful they  invited us we get
to see our friends again." Aeka still shocked just nodded.

Yosho and Noboyouki were in the living room having dinner when Washuu
burst in and exclaimed "Tenchi and Ryoko are getting married in one
week" that night they all celebrated.

Mihoshi was pigging out while Kyone filled out reports when the message
came in Mihoshi screamed out how much fun it would be to see their old
friend again Kyone thought going would probably be a good idea  since
she missed her friends and the job just wasn't as fun with out them.

As Ryoko walked down the isle Aeka did not even fill the tears streaming
down her face After the ceremony was over Aeka pulled Ryoko over and
said "promise me you will take care of him" "You have my word"
Ryoko Responded. Then Washuu in adult form walked up and said "Ryoko I
know you don't think to highly of me but I would love to have a second
chance to be a decent mother" Ryoko smiled "Sure thing mom I've got
everything I ever wanted a family friends and someone I love very much
and nothing could add to that happiness except having a real mother for
a change"

to be continued...

this story is copyright Kyler Phillips 1998