Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
============
Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I don't.

Author's notes:  I'm putting my other stories aside so that I can do a
Christmas story.  Enjoy, and Happy Holidays!

==========

Tenchi Muyo!:  Christmas Fun

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

==========

        As he woke up, Tenchi could smell holiday cooking from downstairs.
"Feels like Christmas already," he says to himself.  Dressed in a green
and red sweater and black pants, he heads downstairs.

        However, when he looks to the living room, the house looks like the
North Pole.  He can remember putting up the tree and a few decorations,
but that's all.  The house now is covered with decorations.

        "I hope you don't mind," Washu says.  "I put a few more decorations
up.
I mean, the walls looked almost bare."

        Looking at the mad scientist, he sees she looks like an elf.  With
green shorts, a green short sleeved jacket with red lapels, and matching
shoes and stocking cap, she looks the part very well.  "Washu," he
finally says, "the house looks like the North Pole."

        "I know.  I try," she says.  "Merry Christmas, Tenchi."

        "Merry Christmas, Washu."  Walking into the living room, he sees the
cabbits running around with antlers on their heads.  Also, Ryo-Ohki has
a red nose.  "It figures," he says to himself.

        Ayeka walks into the living room with a light green kimono with dark
green trim and a red sash.  "Merry Christmas, Tenchi," she says.

        "Merry Christmas, Ayeka.  I see that everyone is getting dressed up
in
green and red today."

        "Of course.  It is Christmas, after all."

        "And I noticed Ryo and Ryo-Ohki looking like reindeer."

        "Yes, it was your grandfather's idea.  I think they look simply
adorable."

        "Yeah, they do.  Well, Merry Christmas, Ayeka."

        "And to you," she responds.

        Walking into the kitchen, he sees his father and grandfather sitting
at
the table while Sasami is busy as ever baking Christmas cookies.  "Merry
Christmas, everyone."

        "Merry Christmas, Tenchi," they chorus.

        Tenchi sees that Sasami is wearing the same outfit that Washu is.
At
the table, Noboyuki is dressed up as Santa, but looking depressed.

        "What's wrong, Dad?"

        "I was just getting into the spirit of things.  All I did was ask
the
girls to sit on my lap."

        Tenchi face faults.  "You didn't really think that would work, did
you?"

        "It was worth a try," he responds.

        Yosho, also in green and red, "it's been a peaceful morning for
once.
I hope it lasts."

        "Well, I haven't seen Ryoko, yet.  That's probably why," Tenchi
responds.

        As if called, Ryoko teleports in with a green sweater and red pants.
"Merry Christmas, Tenchi.  Ayeka and I are giving you our present
together.  Don't you notice that we're not fighting?"

        "Well, that's the best present I can ask for.  Thank you, Ryoko."

        "It was the least we could do," Ayeka says, walking in.  "I'm sure
what
you need is some peace and quiet."

        "Yes, I do.  Thank you, Ayeka."

        "Merry Christmas, everyone," Misa says, walking in.

        "Merry Christmas... Misa?"  Looking at her, Tenchi sees Misa wearing
a
short sleeved red jacket with white fur trim, with matching skirt and
stocking cap.  Also, she has a black belt and black boots to finish the
image.  Riko is in her arms in a red dress with green leaves on it.

        "Hey, just the girl I've been looking for!" Noboyuki shouts from
behind.

        Misa looks at him, and turns white as snow.  She wasn't expecting
anyone to look like Santa Clause, especially him.  Pushing it out of her
mind, <I should have known.>

        Sasami sets a basket of carrots on the floor, which the two
'reindeer'
rapidly approach.  She then sets a few bowls and a few plates of food on
the table.  Seeing this, everyone sits down.

        "I made breakfast light today," Sasami starts, "because dinner won't
be."

        "I'm sure of that," Tenchi says.  "I remember last year's Christmas
dinner.  There was leftovers for a week."

        "We do try our best on Christmas," Misa says, while feeding Riko.
"And
we'll both be working today.  After all, Sasami has help now."

        "And," Ayeka adds, "Ryoko and I won't get in your way.  We've called
a
truce for today."

        "It was only fair," Ryoko adds.  "Besides, today is supposed to be
one
of peace, right?"

        Suddenly, Ryoko sees a familiar white cabbit hop into the room.
"Ken-Ohki?"

        "So much for a day of peace," Tenchi says.

        "Meow!" Ryo and Ryo-Ohki say simultaneously.

        "CHOW?!" he spurts, wide eyed.  <They're multiplying!> he says in
cabbitese, backing away.  <HELP!> he shouts, running away.

        Both cabbits soon follow.  <Wait!> Ryo says.

        <We can explain!> Ryo-Ohki adds.

        Ryoko and Misa look at the scene, almost laughing.  "We'd better
find
Nagi before Ken-Ohki has a nervous breakdown," Ryoko says.

        "Sasami, can you watch Riko?" Misa asks.  "I'll be right back."

        "Sure," she responds.

        Ryoko and Misa run outside to find the three run-away cabbits.  "You
think Nagi knows yet?" Misa asks Ryoko as they exit the house.

        "Probably.  I can pick up Ryo-Ohki's thoughts best when she's
agitated.
Nagi's probably the same way."

        "Ken-Ohki's probably trying to get into space right now.  I mean,
with
two identical cabbits following him?"

        "I feel sorry for him."  Stopping, they meet Nagi at the foot of the
woods.  Smiling, "I'm sure you're quite curious right now."

        Cradling the psychologically injured cabbit, "Ken-Ohki's never going
to
be the same."

        Ryo and Ryo-Ohki leap to their mistresses, looking a bit guilty.

        "I see there's another girl here," Nagi says.

        "Yes, I'm Misa.  But, I can tell you my story later."

        "I assume the second cabbit is yours?"

        "Yes, she is."

        Looking at Misa's outfit, "who are you supposed to be?  Mrs.
Clause?"

        "As a matter of fact, yes.  Although, I won't mention who MR. Clause
is."

        "So, Nagi," Ryoko says, "what do you want, anyways?"

        "Same as always.  I want to bring you in and take my payment."

        "Sorry," Misa chimes in, "but you can't fight today."

        "And why is that?" Nagi asks.

        "It's Christmas, Nagi," Ryoko answers.  "Today is one of peace.
There
is no fighting today."

        "You wouldn't be lying to get out of a fight, would you?"

        "I've never been one to lie," Misa says.  "There will be no duel."

        Sighing, "very well.  I will be back another day, Ryoko."

        "Wait," Misa says, "if you don't fight, you're welcome here.  Why
don't
you come in for awhile?  We can straighten everything out before
Ken-Ohki has to be committed."

        "Yes, why don't you put your feet up awhile?"

        "That's very kind of you.  Very well.  I accept your invitation."

        "Chow?" the confused Ken-Ohki says.

==========

        At the house, Ayeka sees Nagi following Ryoko and Misa.  Watching
them
enter, "Merry Christmas, Nagi.  I assume you and Ryoko aren't fighting?"

        "For today, we aren't.  Besides, someone has to set Ken-Ohki
straight."

        "Yes, I'm sure he's quite confused."

        "We'll set him straight," Misa says.

        As the three walk into the living room, they all sit down.  Ryo-Ohki
approaches the confused cabbit.  <Ken-Ohki?  I'm sure you're quite
confused right now.>

        <That's for sure.  What happened?>

        <Ryo, the other cabbit, is a future version of myself.  She came
back
with Misa last summer.>

        He looks at Misa, and then Ryo on her lap.  <And you never bothered
to
tell me?>

        <We tried.  But you were too frightened.>

        <Does this mean I have two girls after me?>

        <Yup!>

        Ken-Ohki jumps away, <this is going to get interesting.>  Running
off,
the two brown cabbits follow him.

        "Where did you find him, anyways?" Misa asks.

        "It was a long time ago.  My family was the crew of a space
freighter.
But, an accident happened on the bridge.  I didn't know what happened.
The ship automatically sealed off half of itself, so I couldn't get to
the bridge.  I sent out a distress call, hoping someone would answer."

        Ken-Ohki jumps back up to Nagi, looking for safety.  The two other
cabbits sit at Nagi's feet, waiting for an opening.

        "Ken-Ohki was my answer.  He brought me aboard, and made a mind-link
with me."

        "So, Ken-Ohki was just flying through space?" Ryoko asks.

        "Basically.  He was looking for someone to belong to."

        "Did you ever find out what happened on the bridge?" Misa asks.

        "It was a gang of thieves.  They broke through the bridge and looted
the ship.  They only stopped because they couldn't get to the sealed
areas.  I tracked them down, and brought them in.  After that, I became
a bounty hunter."

        "That's an interesting story," Misa says.  "But I got a better one."

        "Really?" Nagi responds.  "Let's here it."

        "I am really Sasami, only 10 years older."

        "Really?  How can I believe that?"

        "Sasami!" Misa yells to the kitchen, "can you come here a minute?"

        "What is it?" she asks, walking up to Misa.

        "Nagi doesn't believe my story."

        Sasami pulls out her hair ornaments and lets her hair down.  "Does
this
help?"

        Nagi looks at Sasami, and then at Misa, "how did this happen?"

        "Ten years from now, in my time, Earth will become a wasteland.
Kagato
came and destroyed most of the surface.  I came back in order to prevent
it."

        Sasami puts her hair up again and walks back into the kitchen.
After
pulling out Riko from her high-chair, she brings the infant to Misa.

        "Thank you, Sasami," she says, taking her daughter.  "And this is
Riko,
my daughter.  In my timeline, I married Tenchi, and Riko was born
later."

        Ken-Ohki hops over to the infant, curious.  "Chow!"

        Suddenly, the doorbell rings.  Tenchi soon enters to answer it.
Opening the door, "Merry Christmas, Mihoshi!  Merry Christmas, Kiyone!"

        "Merry Christmas, Tenchi!" they say in unison.

        "I hope we didn't miss anything," Kiyone says.  Looking into the
living
room, "but maybe we did."

        "Nagi has agreed not to fight," Ayeka says.  "So, she is welcome
here
because of that fact."

        Sasami walks in with a tree shaped dish, filled with Christmas
cookies.
"Here, have some cookies," she says, sitting down.

        Ryo looks at the tray and sees one she likes.  Hopping onto the
table,
she pulls out an orange frosted cookie in the shape of a carrot.  Taking
a bite, she finds it tastes like one too.  "Meow!"

        Mihoshi and Kiyone sit down in the living room.  "So, what brings
you
here, Nagi?" Kiyone asks.

        "I came to fight Ryoko, but Ken-Ohki nearly had a heart attack when
he
saw the two identical cabbits.  So, I stayed to get him straightened
out."

        Mihoshi looks over to the tree, which almost reaches the ceiling.
"Wow, that's a big tree," she says in awe.

        "Most of us couldn't get the ornaments on to the upper half of the
tree," Washu says.  "So, Ryoko did that part."

        "So, she is good for something," Nagi says sarcastically.  "I never
knew."

        Sasami walks back into the kitchen to check on her holiday dinner.
She
checks the ham in the oven and other dishes that she's preparing.

        <Merry Christmas, Sasami,> Tsunami says.

        <Merry Christmas, Tsunami,> she responds.  <This year's certainly
been
different, hasn't it?>

        <I'd say so, yes.  Tenchi saved Jurai from Kagato, and met Misa
later.
Then Riko showed up.  I'd say this is a landmark year.>

        <I wonder what else will happen before the year ends?>

        <Only time will tell.>

        After taking three carrots from the basket on the floor, Sasami
returns
to the living room.  She then gives one carrot to each of the cabbits.

        Ken-Ohki takes the carrot eagerly, while Ryo and Ryo-Ohki take
theirs
patiently.  Ken-Ohki sees this and starts to wonder.

        "Do you know what those carrots did to Ken-Ohki?  It's the only
thing
he'll eat, now."

        "They like carrots," Washu says.  "There's nothing you can do about
that."

        "Alright everyone," Noboyuki shouts.  "Let's all gather around the
tree."

        "About time," Ryoko says.  "I'm dying to see what's in those boxes."

        "You would," Ayeka states.  "But, there's more to Christmas than
just
gifts."

        "Don't start, you two," Tenchi says.  "Try and keep the peace
today."

        Misa picks up a small box and hands it to Tenchi.  "This is from
Ayeka,
Sasami, and myself."

        Opening the package, he pulls out a small bottle with a tree on the
side of it.  "Cologne?"

        "That is Juraian cologne," Ayeka says.  "You won't find a better
cologne anywhere in the galaxy."

        "Thank you," Tenchi says.

        "I'd watch out, Tenchi," Kiyone says, "I heard that Juraian cologne
is
quite strong."

        "Yeah," Mihoshi adds, "that will make anything female follow-"

        Kiyone puts her hand on Mihoshi's mouth, trying to keep the secret
of
the cologne.

        Ryoko pulls out a large box from the tree and places it in front of
Ryo-Ohki.  "Merry Christmas, Ryo-Ohki."

        "Meow?" she says, lifting off the top with her paw.  Looking inside,
"MEOW!"  Inside the box is a carrot which is about 10 times as big as
she is.  Jumping in, she hugs the phenomononly large carrot.  "Meow..."
she says contently.

        Misa places a similar box before Ryo.  She opens it and gives the
same
response.  "Merry Christmas, Ryo."

        Ken-Ohki just looks at the giant carrots, and then the tiny one he
has.
"Chow..." he says, disappointed.

        Washu puts a large box in front of Ken-Ohki.  "I did plan for this.
Merry Christmas, Ken-Ohki."

        Ken-Ohki opens the box to find a similarly large carrot.  "Chow..."
he
purrs, holding the vegetable happily.

        Moving to the tree, Sasami picks up a green bag and hands it to
Misa.
"This is for Riko."

        Misa opens the bag, and pulls out Riko's gift.  "Look, Riko, you got
a
rattle!"  Misa says, handing it to her.  Although, when the infant takes
it, the ball on the end glows brightly.  "That's a neat trick."

        "It's designed so that it lights up when Riko touches it," Washu
says,
"but only Riko.  Nobody else can activate it.":

        "That's really pretty," Mihoshi says in awe.

        "I'm sure Riko will enjoy it for years to come," Kiyone adds.

        As the day wears on, all the gifts are distributed.  And finally,
Nagi
decides to leave.  "Thank you, for your hospitality."

        Ken-Ohki is trying his best to move the giant box in his cabbit
form.
Transforming into his cruiser form, he teleports it up.

        "I will return, Ryoko," Nagi states.  "You can count on that."

        "Merry Christmas to you to, Nagi," Ryoko responds.

        "I'll be seeing you," she says, teleporting up to Ken-Ohki.  With
her
aboard, Ken-Ohki takes off.

        "Well, that's the end of that," Misa says.

        "Dinner's ready!" Sasami calls from the kitchen.

        Everyone heads in, ready to have some more holiday fun.

-Merry Christmas!-