Author: Ok Mihoshi, you're on
Mihoshi: Tenchi Muyo is the property of some company and there's another one I 
can't quite remember and...
Author: Mihoshi, didn't you memorize your lines
Mihoshi: Well I tried, but the word were just so big and complicated.
Stage Hand: (whispering) AIC and Pioneer
Author: No help!
(Stage hand runs behind curtain)
Now, please try Mihoshi
Mihoshi: Property of a Pisces and pie on your ear
Author: (smack's forehead ) It's AIC and Pioneer, please try again
Mihoshi: Oh, AIC and Pioneer, I knew that all the time
Author: Then why didn't you say something
Mihoshi: I didn't wanna talk out of turn
Author: Oh boy....


				Unspoken Dreams~Mihoshi's story
~~~~~~~~~~
	"Mihoshi, are you listening to me, Mihoshi?!" "Oh, I'm sorry Chikona 
were you saying something?" Mihoshi asked, brushing back a stray piece of 
hair. Her new partner Chikona Izanami was an outspoken girl with an attitude. 
Her light brown hair worn in a ponytail pulled to the side, with bangs across 
her forehead, dark green eyes, and a single silver diamond shape in the middle 
of her forehead. She was often breaking GP policy, as of right now she was 
wearing a yellow midriff top and khaki shorts instead of her uniform. Mihoshi 
had been put in the lower ranks a few weeks ago, when she had drastically 
messed up the last mission she had with Kiyone. She never got to see her 
anymore, Kiyone had been promoted and was now in another section of HQ. 
"Mihoshi, you're not paying attention." Chikona snapped. Mihoshi looked away, 
glancing around the room until her eyes caught site of it. The picture that 
had been taken the last day they were all together, everyone was happy and 
life was great. <It's been two years already> Mihoshi thought as she turned 
away, <I wonder what happened to everyone else> "Mihoshi, are you alright, you 
look like you're gonna cry." Chikona asked, sounding concerned. "No, I'm fine. 
Come on, we're wasting time laying around here. Let's go." with this she ran 
out the door. "That's what I've been trying to get her to do for the past five 
minutes." Chikona said.

	Mihoshi walked around the courtyard of GP HQ. It was nice, it had 
flowers and a pond, and a giant tree in the center. Mihoshi looked toward the 
pond, where a big rock lay pointed towards the sky. She and Kiyone often ate 
their lunch atop the rock, and one of them usually fell into the pond sooner 
or later. "Kiyone, do you even miss me?" Mihoshi asked herself. "Mihoshi!" 
Chikona yelled, running to catch up with her, "Why the rush?" "Sorry, I was 
just thinking." Mihoshi replied. "Mihoshi, that picture, who are they?" 
Chikona asked. "You look at that picture like you're remembering something, 
tell me what?" "They're my friends, all of them. And I could never...." her 
voice cracked, but she continued, "I could never tell them how important they 
were to me. I never did. I had to act like a fool, they must be happy to have 
me gone. " Mihoshi sat down and buried her head in her hands, crying. Chikona 
sat beside her and smiled weakly, "You never told me you had such important 
people in your life. I guess you must miss them." Mihoshi nodded. "Just wait, 
you'll see them all again." Chikona said, reassuringly. Mihoshi looked up as 
she suddenly remembered, <June 21> She jumped up and ran back to their room.
	
	Swinging the door opened Mihoshi went for her dresser and started 
digging through the drawers. Chikona appeared in the doorway panting, "God 
Mihoshi, you're gonna kill me if you don't stop this." Mihoshi payed to 
attention as she continued furiously searching. "What are you looking for?" 
Chikona asked, "This!" Mihoshi cheered as she pulled out a envelope. Lifting 
the flap she reached inside and pulled out a piece of ceramic, a small note 
still lay inside. Chikona took it and read aloud, "Like the cherry blossom we 
come and go, drifting with the wind. We leave behind good memories. And one 
summer we shall return." Chikona got a puzzled look on her face, "It doesn't 
rhyme." "It's not supposed to." Mihoshi said. "And what's that for?" Chikona 
asked, pointing to the piece of ceramic. "This is my piece of the puzzle, and 
when we're together, the puzzle will be complete." "Oh." Chikona said, <I 
don't understand>

	Tossing aside her duties, Chikona jumped on the bed and lay down. "What 
do you say we just stay in today?" "No, we can't do that. We're never gonna 
get out of the lowest place if we don't try." Mihoshi said. "That's the first 
time I've heard you talk like that. You must really miss that Kiyone girl, 
huh?" Chikona asked, rolling over "It's not her, it's for me." Mihoshi said 
"I'm doing this for me." Mihoshi stood, dressed in her uniform, "If you're not 
coming fine. I won't make the same mistake twice." Chikona jumped from the 
bed, "Wait Mihoshi!" she paused, "I'll go with you. After all, we are 
partners, right?" Mihoshi smiled.

	Chikona's spaceship was Natsuko, it wasn't very big, but it was fast. 
Darting across the galaxy after vigilant criminals put some excitement into 
her life, that's what Chikona claimed. Mihoshi sat down next to Chikona at the 
head of the ship, a small screen popped up in front of them, "Commander, we 
are ready for our assignment." Mihoshi said, saluting. Commander Matarou Gengi 
was a young man about twenty-six, and Chikona had a big thing for him. "We 
await your orders." Chikona said. "Oh, uh, I guess you two can uh.." Matarou 
scratched his head as he flipped through a stack of papers, "Oh god, I wasn't 
planning on giving anything to you girls today, wait, let me see. Aha! Ok, go 
to planet station number 2553, a series of robberies have been occurring there 
and we think it's the work of a new space pirate recruit." Matarou glanced up, 
"Think you can handle it." "Of course, no job's to hard for the galaxy 
police." Chikona said. Matarou laughed, "Ok, you be careful, alright?"with 
this the screen vanished, leaving Chikona with hearts in her eyes, "He said to 
be careful, he really does care about me." Mihoshi giggled at her partner's 
silly nature, forgetting how she acted the same way

	They neared their destination Mihoshi kept a close watch, soon the 
planet came into view, <Earth> Mihoshi gasped, she wasn't planning on 
returning here, not yet. But it was part of her duty and she couldn't turn 
back. Remembering what Matarou had said about a new space pirate recruit she 
gulped, <Please don't let it be Ryoko> There would be nothing worse than 
arresting a friend. 
~~~~~

	They made their landing on a clear patch of woods, not far from town. "I 
guess we should go to town and check it out, huh?" Chikona asked. "No, first 
we search here. The criminal could be hiding in the woods." Mihoshi said, as 
she walked further into the woods. Clutching her gun, she continued, nervous 
from fear or maybe excitement. Chikona wasn't far behind but had wandered off 
in a different direction, she turned around a tree and stopped, a girl stood a 
few feet in front of her. Seeing Chikona and noticing her uniform she gasped, 
"Shit, galaxy police!" with this the girl turned to run but Chikona shot at 
her, catching her in the foot. Mihoshi looked up at the sound of the gunshot, 
"Chikona?" she called. The woods seemed deadly quiet, "Chikona, where are 
you?" "Mihoshi, I got her!" she heard the reply. Mihoshi ran towards the 
sound, praying that it wasn't Ryoko.

	She got to Chikona who still had her gun pointed at the girl who lay on 
the ground, unmoving. Mihoshi glanced at her, and breathed a sigh of relief to 
see it wasn't her old friend. The girl only looked to be about sixteen, 
"Juvenile delinquent." Mihoshi said. Chikona pulled out her ID pen, checking 
for any info on this girl. A few minutes later she gasped, "Oh my....Mihoshi, 
this girl is Haruna." "What?" Mihoshi snatched the ID pen from her and looked 
at the wanted poster, it was the same girl, and the list of crimes was 
tremendous. "Looks like our work here is done." Mihoshi smiled to herself. 
Haruna was a young wanted criminal, she had a long history of violence and the 
GP had been after her for a long time. Mihoshi smiled , <Thing's are looking 
up>

	Returning to GP HQ, they took Haruna in to the main office. "Sir, I 
believe we got your girl." Chikona said with a smile. The head of GP, Chief 
Kenzin Delaneck turned around in his chair, he gasped as he saw who it was, 
"Haruna. But how, we've been after her for years?" "Let's just say it was 
sheer luck." Mihoshi said. "And a lot of courage." he replied. "Chikona, 
Mihoshi, you two have earned your way to central office." Chikona and Mihoshi 
smiled at each other, finally a promotion. The Chief stood, and pinned a badge 
to each girl's uniform. "I'm proud of you Mihoshi, you're really improving." 
"She's just doing her job sir." Chikona said. 
	They left the office still smiling, Chikona fingered the badge, "I don't 
believe it, I made it to central office in just four months." "Now I can be 
partners with Kiyone again." Mihoshi giggled, then stopped. She hadn't acted 
so giggly and silly like this in so long, was it really the fact that she was 
trying to make Kiyone happy that she acted to immature at times. Chikona 
glanced over at her, "Hey Mihoshi, why the sad face, you should happy." 
Mihoshi looked over at her and gave her a small smile, "I'm very happy." she 
thought to herself <But is Kiyone happy, was it really me who made her life 
miserable>
Matarou came running out if his office with a smile on his face, "Chikona, 
you're unbelievable!" he grabbed her and twirled her around. "Huh?" Chikona 
looked at him, puzzled, "Matarou, what?" "I just heard the news, you caught 
someone on the most wanted list." Matarou said. Mihoshi glared at him, he was 
acting like Chikona had done it all herself. "I was there too you know." she 
said, stepping between them. "Mihoshi, there's no need to get jealous." 
Chikona said."I'm not jealous!" Mihoshi yelled. "Central office is waiting for 
me, and I intend to get there." with this she walked off. Leaving Matarou and 
Chikona alone.

	Mihoshi walked the hallway of the central office, which lay in the 
center with many rooms encircling it. She heard a door open and looked up to 
see Kiyone and a girl with long lavender hair walk out. "Did you hear about 
those two low-rankers, they got promoted here." the lavender-haired girl said, 
"Yeah, one of them used to be my partner."  Kiyone said. The girl laughed, 
"Which one, the dumb blonde or the bad-girl brunette." "Hey Aiyu, Mihoshi was 
a nice girl. She was just, a little slow." Mihoshi felt tears welling up in 
her eyes, she started forward to confront Kiyone but stopped at her next word. 
"Believe me, the day she got demoted was the day my luck turned good."  
Mihoshi turned and ran past the two of them, Aiyu jumped back and, "Oh, who 
was that?" Kiyone didn't respond, but she had seen the blonde hair, <Mihoshi>

	Kiyone ran down the corridor, to catch up with Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, wait!" 
she called after her. Mihoshi didn't look back, but continued to run, "I know 
it's you Mihoshi!" Kiyone yelled. Mihoshi stopped and turned to face her old 
partner, "I understand now Kiyone, once I was gone everything was great. No 
more Mihoshi. I missed you so much Kiyone, you're the only real friend I ever 
had." Mihoshi didn't drop to her knees in tears, she was crying but she stood 
with a stern face. "What about the Izanami girl?" Kiyone asked. "Chikona got 
Matarou, and now she's happy. Calling me jealous, how dare she!" Mihoshi 
turned away and clenched her fists. "Yes, but wasn't she right?" Kiyone asked. 
"You may not have been jealous of her, but you felt she had an advantage over 
you, am I right?" Mihoshi wiped her eyes, "Guess you've got me down pretty 
good, huh?" Kiyone smiled, "I didn't mean that I was happy to be rid of you" 
<Well, maybe a little> "But, it was good for both of us. See what happened, 
you got to central office and I stayed in central office. So, let's just get 
on with our lives, ok." Mihoshi giggled, throwing her arms around Kiyone in a 
tight hug, "Oh Kiyone, I knew you missed me. Things will be just like before 
you'll see." Kiyone sighed <Same old Mihoshi>
~~~~~~
(Three years later)

	Mihoshi lay on her bed engrossed in a romance comic, Kiyone entered, 
slamming the door loudly. Mihoshi looked up, startled by the sound, "Something 
wrong Kiyone?" she asked. Kiyone made no reply as she walked into the doorway 
that led to the next room. Chikona had taken up that room with Kiyone's old 
partner Aiyu Dosan, both girls despised each other, but when Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had been put back together they had no choice but to be partners. 
Kiyone barley spoke with Aiyu anymore, Mihoshi wondered why she could be going 
over there.

	"Aiyu, you lousy bitch!" Kiyone yelled, standing in the doorway. 
"Kiyone, you have no right to come in here." Aiyu said. "Oh don't I, what is 
this Aiyu?" Kiyone grabbed a small box off a desk in the back corner. Mihoshi 
watched silently through the keyhole of the door. "This is my treasure, and 
you stole it!" Chikona stood up and put her hands out to Kiyone, "Now really, 
that box is nothing to get so upset about." "No, it's not just this. I know 
what you did Aiyu." Kiyone glared at her, as Aiyu backed away. Mihoshi jumped 
to her feet and ran into the room, a gunshot fired and everything fell silent.

	Chikona trembled in the corner, she had fired the gun out of fear. Aiyu 
scared her when she got angry and this was a precaution. Looking around the 
room she saw no one was hurt, the bullet had gone through the window. Dropping 
to her knees, Chikona looked up at the three girls. At that moment Chief 
Delaneck entered the room, "What happened here?" he demanded in his loud, 
raging tone. Akira stepped forward, "Okay, I admit it. I hacked into the 
computer and got files on Miho-Kiyo, I was going to use it to have them 
exiled." Kiyone gasped, "Aiyu, why?" Aiyu turned to her, "You laughed at me 
Kiyone, and then Mihoshi, was the one I really hated." she walked towards 
Mihoshi, everyone else not able to move. "Mihoshi, got promoted, Mihoshi got 
my partner, everyone was raging about what *Mihoshi* had accomplished!" "But 
now I have this." she pulled an envelope from her pocket. "No." Mihoshi 
whispered. Chikona gasped, she recognized it at once. "Without this, poor 
Mihoshi will be lost. Her meaning for success is in here." Aiyu said, in a 
mocking sweet voice. "No more." she ripped the flap off the envelope and 
dumped the contents to the floor. Mihoshi screamed as the cherry blossoms 
drifted down slowly, but the piece of ceramic was to be shattered. 

	Mihoshi shut her eyes, waiting for the horrid sound, but it never came. 
She opened her eyes to find Chikona kneeling on the floor, her hands bloodied 
from the ceramic cutting into them, but she had caught it. "Chikona, thank 
you!" Mihoshi embraced her and took the ceramic from her, gathering the cherry 
blossoms in her hand. Chief Delaneck had Aiyu in cuffs, she growled at Mihoshi 
as he led her out of the room. Kiyone stared blankly at her friend, "Mihoshi, 
I never knew." Mihoshi smiled, "Not many did."
~~~
	"Ready Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked, as they stood in front of Yagami. "Are 
you kidding, I've been waiting forever for this day, let's go!" Mihoshi 
cheered as she ran into the ship. Taking her seat she thought to herself, <So 
much has happened, it all comes down to the final competition. Who will you 
choose Tenchi?> Kiyone sat beside her partner as she smiled, "Ok Yagami, full 
speed for planet earth!" sitting back in her chair she sighed, <It's been so 
long since I've said that>


Author's Note: I hope you understood all parts of the story. 
Mihoshi is the first to leave for earth, but what has happened to the others?
Coming soon is part 2 of The Tenchi Chronicles, Purple Flame-Ayeka's story
Please send all comments to washukobayashi@amaonline.com




