Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it.

A/N: This is from the Tenchi In Tokyo storyline. I hope everyone enjoys 
this and reviews! Ja ne!



Cold Hearts Melt Amidst The Burning Fire


Ex-servant of Yugi, Hotsuma was on his ship and just literally staring 
out into space thinking of one particular woman. Ryoko.

Even after she had left him and went back to Earth, his mind was still 
flooded with thoughts of her. Her perfect body, her cyan hair, her 
golden eyes and her fun loving personality was practically all he ever 
thought of now.

Hotsuma knew why she left and didn't blame her in the very least. He 
did try to kill her! So even after Ryoko thought that he was dead after 
the fight, he was just faking because he didn't want to try and kill 
her anymore, he wanted her to get away. Why? He fell in love, that's 
why.

Love. A completely new emotion for him when all he was used to feeling 
was bitter coldness. She filled his heart with a passionate fire the 
minute he had laid eyes on her. Those golden, fiery orbs that she wore 
so well, made his heart pound impenetrably fast. One thing concerned 
him, though. He wondered if she were thinking about him too.

Back on Earth at the Masaki residence, Ryoko's heart was heavy. She 
loved two men. Two men! She didn't know what to do anymore. Tenchi was 
going to end up making her wait forever and as far as she knew, Hotsuma 
was dead. Tenchi had brought the fire of love into her steel heart, 
while Hotsuma blazed it passionately.

'I might as well leave. It's not like Tenchi's gonna care if I do,' 
thought Ryoko.

Ryoko teleported outside of the house at that moment and waved farewell 
to the house. She then vanished into space.

Ryoko wondered if Hotsuma's ship was still intact. She teleported to it 
and saw that it was still in ok condition. She phased inside to see if 
the inside of the ship was as in good condition as the outside of it.

Once she was inside of the ship her heart stopped. She couldn't believe 
what she was seeing, but there he was alive and looking straight at 
her.

"Hotsuma," she whispered. "It can't be."

Hotsuma walked right up to her and pulled her into a hug. "You came 
back."

Ryoko, caught up in the moment, hugged him back. "Yeah, I guess I did."

"I've missed you," he whispered into her ear.

"Really? Even after all that has happened between us?" she asked.

"Yes," he said.

"I still love Tenchi, Hotsuma," she said to him.

"Then why are you here?" he asked, pulling away from her.

She just smiled and pulled him near her again. "Because, I love you 
too."

Hotsuma just stood there in her arms, shocked. "Who will you choose?"

"I always thought that I would be with Tenchi, but even though I still 
love him, I do not know if he loves me and I don't want to wait 
anymore. I thought that I could wait for him forever, but I can't. I've 
never had anybody love me and even if he does love me, he would make me 
wait forever. I can't wait anymore. I need someone to love me because I 
have never been loved before," she said.

Hotsuma held her closer. "I can love you, Ryoko."

Ryoko smiled weakly. "I know you can love me, Hotsuma, but do you love 
me?"

Hotsuma nodded at her. "Yes, of course I do. I always have."

"Prove it to me," she said.

He pulled her closer and lifted her chin. He drew her lips closer to 
hers as they pressed together in a sweet and loving kiss.

"Hotsuma?" she said after they broke apart.

"Yes, Ryoko?" he asked.

"Make love to me," she said to him.

"Now?" he asked.

Ryoko looked at him strangely. "Yes, now."

He scooped Ryoko up into his arms and brought her to his bedchamber as 
he said, "I have a confession to make."

Ryoko giggled. "Really? And what may that be?"

"I've never been with a woman," he said.

"Don't worry about it! I've never been with anybody either," said 
Ryoko, grinning.

"Hmm...you could have fooled me," he said, grinning as well.

Ryoko swatted one of his arms playfully. "Oh, shut up!"

Hotsuma grinned at her as he placed her upon his bed and proceeded to 
make love to her.

There were gentle, fiery kisses and passionate caresses emanating 
between the two lovers. Ryoko then knew that Hotsuma was the man she 
would love forever. Her love for Tenchi had faded and now all she saw 
him as was a good friend.

After making love, the couple was exhausted as they pulled the covers 
over themselves.

Neither Ryoko nor Hotsuma could sleep that night. They both had large 
smiles on their faces that wouldn't go away.

"Ryoko?" said Hotsuma.

"Hmm?" Ryoko replied.

"When you said that you love me you also said that you love Tenchi in 
the same way. What I need to know is when do you think that you'll be 
ready to give your whole heart to me," said Hotsuma.

"I wouldn't worry about that," said Ryoko.

"Why not?" asked Hotsuma.

"Because my heart is now yours," said Ryoko.

"All of it?" asked Hotsuma.

"All of it," Ryoko confirmed.

"Good," said Hotsuma.

Ryoko smiled. "And why is that?"

"Because I don't want to share you with anybody," he said.

"Ah! Being greedy, aren't we?" Ryoko asked with a grin.

"Of course I'm going to be greedy. You are the most incredible woman in 
the Universe. I am not going to let anybody else have you," said 
Hotsuma.

"Mmm...keep throwing compliments like that around and I assure you that 
you will never have nothing to worry about," she said.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you too," she replied.

Back on Earth at the Masaki residence, everyone was wondering where 
Ryoko was, including Ayeka.

"Why do you think she left?" Ayeka asked Tenchi as they were washing 
dishes in the kitchen.

"I think I know why," said Tenchi.

"Well," Ayeka encouraged. 

"I don't think that she wants to wait for my decision anymore," said 
Tenchi.

"Hmm..." said Ayeka.

"I love all of you, just not in that way. Besides, Ryoko does deserve 
better," said Tenchi with a smile.

"Do you want her to come back though?" she asked.

"Of course I do! She's one of my best friends and if she's met someone, 
I hope that I can shake that man's hand for being able to capture such 
a treasure," said Tenchi.

"You say you haven't chosen anybody, but yet, you speak of her as if 
you were in love with her," said Ayeka.

"Ayeka, if it were any one of you girls in the same situation, I'd 
flatter you as well. It doesn't mean that I'm in love with Ryoko just 
because I flattered her, now does it?" he asked.

Ayeka smiled sheepishly. "No, I suppose not."

"Good. Now, let's finish these plates," said Tenchi.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka.

Back on Hotsuma's ship, Ryoko was explaining something to her beloved.

"Listen, I have to go back to Earth," said Ryoko.

"Why? I thought you said that you weren't in love with him anymore!" 
Hotsuma said angrily.

"No, it's nothing like that. It's just that all of my friends are there 
and they're probably wondering where I am right now, so I just want to 
reassure them that I'm alive so that they won't go crazy," said Ryoko.

Hotsuma nodded. "I can do that for you."

"I also want to introduce you to them, if that's ok with you," said 
Ryoko.

Hotsuma smiled at her. "You'll have no complaints here!" And with that, 
they both took off for Earth.

When the two of them arrived on Earth, they ended up transporting 
themselves into the midst of Tokyo's busy streets.

"Now, where do these friends of yours live?" he asked.

"They live in Okayama. It's mostly country there," said Ryoko.

"Oh. Could you teleport us there?" he asked.

"Sure thing!" exclaimed Ryoko with a smile. She grabbed Hotsuma by one 
of his hands and then they both vanished off of the streets in Tokyo.

They both ended up right in front of the Masaki residence. Ryoko led 
Hotsuma to the front door and she knocked on it waiting for someone to 
answer.

"Hey, Ayeka?" said Sasami.

"Yes, Sasami?" she asked.

"Could you get that? I'm making lunch in the kitchen right now," said 
Sasami.

"Alright, Sasami," said Ayeka.

The minute Ayeka opened the door, her mouth fell. The only word that 
came out of it was, "Ryoko!"

"Hey there, Princess! What's up?" asked Ryoko with a grin.

"We thought that you had left," said Ayeka.

"Well, I'm not going to be here for long. I've just come to say hi to 
everybody and to introduce my man, Hotsuma," said Ryoko.

"You've found somebody else? I thought that you loved Lord Tenchi," 
said Ayeka, who was confused.

"Well, I did, but I guess it was no more than puppy love. I love him 
like a brother now," said Ryoko.

"Umm...why don't you two come on in and make yourselves comfortable?" 
offered Ayeka.

"Thanks, Princess," said Ryoko as she and Hotsuma entered the house.

"Let me go and find Lord Tenchi, Ryoko," said Ayeka as she left the 
room. She soon returned with Tenchi right behind her.

"Hey, Ryoko! Welcome back," said Tenchi with a smile.

"But I'm not back, Tenchi. I'm just visiting," said Ryoko.

"Oh. So, who's your friend?" he asked.

"Oh, but he's more than a friend, Tenchi. He's my main man, Hotsuma," 
said Ryoko, happily.

Tenchi swallowed and said, "I'm happy for you, Ryoko," said Tenchi.

Ryoko flashed a smile at him. "Really? You are?"

"Yeah, I am," said Tenchi.

"Thank you, Tenchi," said Ryoko.

Tenchi smiled at Ryoko, but then turned his attention onto Hotsuma and 
said, "You take good care of her, you hear? She's one of my best 
friends and I only want the best for her."

"Well, you can count on me to provide her with everything I can," said 
Hotsuma.

"That's good. Hey! Why don't you two stay for lunch?" offered Tenchi. 
"I'm sure that it's almost ready by now."

Ryoko turned to Hotsuma and asked, "Want to?"

"Why not?" he answered.

Ryoko grinned at her beloved as Sasami announced that lunch was ready. 
While they all ate, they chatted and exchanged stories. After they were 
done eating, it was time for Ryoko and Hotsuma to go. They both waved 
goodbye to everybody and then teleported onto Hotsuma's ship.

Ryoko had her head resting upon Hotsuma's chest as he asked, "Any 
regrets?"

Ryoko shook her head. "None whatsoever."

"I will always love you, Ryoko," he said, sweetly,

"I will always love you too, my darling Hotsuma," she said with a 
smile.

They then both looked at each other and fell into a long, passionate 
kiss. They both knew that they were both meant for each other.

After Ryoko and Hotsuma had left Earth, Ayeka walked up to Tenchi and 
asked, "Any regrets?"

Tenchi nodded. "Yes."

"And that would be?" she asked.

"I should have told Ryoko, instead of making her wait," said Tenchi as 
he looked up at the sky wistfully.

Ayeka smiled. "You love her, don't you?"

"Yes, Miss Ayeka, I do," said Tenchi. "She loved both me and Hotsuma, 
but she chose Hotsuma because he was willing to love her right now. She 
shouldn't have had to wait for me to find happiness."

"I'm going inside now, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka.

"I'm going to stay out here for a little more, ok?" said Tenchi.

"Very well, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka as she went back inside of the 
house.

Tenchi looked back up at the sky and smiled sadly. 'Have a good life, 
Ryoko. May he give you the happiness that I was not able to.' And with 
that, Tenchi went back inside.




End




A/N: Well, there you have it. A Ryoko/Hotsuma ficlet. I am pro 
Tenchi/Ryoko, but I couldn't resist after I read Empress Galaxia's "A 
Woman Left Lonely". I work on pure inspiration. Please R&R! 






