------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    This story is not a part of my growing story line. These events only
exist in this story. If you're following my story line, disregard this after
you read it.
    I'd just like to say here and now, if you would take offense to
violence, torture, and other morbid themes, this is not for you. I suggest
reading something light and humorous instead...'Vacation Days' by D. B.
Sommers is nice...I just hope I said the correct author. If I didn't, sorry
to whomever did write that story.
    Direct all hate mail to me at VM Toumbes@AOL.com.

vmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvmvm

    Come and Gone

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    As much as he hated school, Tenchi had no want or wish to be at home.
    To start things off on the wrong foot, he hadn't had much sleep last
night. Nor had Washu for the same reason. Mihoshi, as usual, blundering into
her lab and blowing something up. The explosion woke him and the following
noises came him that way. Kiyone screaming, Mihoshi's cries of sorrow and
remorse, Washu's power tools as she tried to repair whatever it was, and of
course Washu's occasional scream to nobody in particular expressing her own
thoughts about the blonde. Given the content of those statements, Tenchi
only
prayed Sasami was not awake to hear them.
    So he had stumbled down to breakfast to find Washu already there, her
face pressed flat to the table. A line of drool ran from her mouth onto the
floor. The others all seemed fine enough. Sasami was finishing breakfast in
the kitchen, humming happily to Ryo-ohki on the counter. Ayeka sat next to
him, smiling as she waited in a polite, proper manner. Ryoko was on the
other
side, Victor just beyond her, both looking happy and rested. No small wonder
there, they probably couldn't have heard the explosion above their own
noise,
which surely wore them out too much *not* to sleep well. Kiyone and Mihoshi
were also both fine; Tenchi guessed the latter had cried herself to sleep,
the former no doubt taking a healthy shot of valium to get back to her
dreams
of a promotion that might never come. Dad had to be in to work early, and
Grandpa was no doubt already at the shrine.
    Breakfast was set out...rather a large breakfast, a fact that brought
Tenchi's spirit to a wonderful high. Sadly, we all know the saying that goes
here; what goes up must come down. Before a single bite of food was in a
single one of the mouths there, Ryoko leaned over and whispered to her love.
But when I say her *love*, by no means does this imply her husband.
    "Tenchi, what would it take to get you to skip school today? I've
been wanting to play with you more then usual lately, and it would be rude
to
deny your guest such a basic request, right?"
    "MISS RYOKO!" Right, like Ryoko ever whispers. The whole household
heard her plain as day, not they couldn't guess what she said if they
hadn't.
Most importanly, Ayeka had heard. "Lord Tenchi will *not* skip school, least
of all to fulfill one of your twisted fantasies!"
    The usual fight broke out, desimating the table and all the food that
had been on it. Tenchi would end up having only dry toast. He was out of
practice making his own food and Sasami was in no condition to be asked for
anything else. But then I should back up.
    Sasami tried to break in and stop the fight after the table was
wrecked. Ryoko turned on her, Ayeka tried to push her away. Even Washu
popped
up to state she had a headache and Sasami's whining wasn't helping any. A
new
low for the red head. So, shortly afterwards, Tenchi walked out of a nasty
scene. Sasami crying in the corner, Ryo-ohki trying to comfort her, Mihoshi
also crying, Kiyone screaming at her to stop being a baby, Ayeka and Ryoko
still ripping the room apart, Victor trying to calm Ryoko down and failing
miserably, and Washu yelling for everybody to just shut up for a change.
    Tenchi only hoped he could find an excuse to stay at the school for a
while longer. He couldn't face any of them without losing it. They were here
only because *he* let them stay, and if this was going to be turning into a
common thing... well, he for one wasn't going to keep them around. Sasami
was
the only one he would hate to see kicked out, but her and Ayeka were a
package deal.
    <Oh please lord give me a reason not to go home yet. Any reason, I'm
*begging* you!> Tenchi thought to himself.
    "Mr. Masaki, for the last time, answer the question or report to the
principal's office."
    "Um, which question again?"
    The teacher sighed. "I've said it several times now. I will not say
it again."
    Tenchi decided to guess. <Okay, we were studying American literature.
Who was that author again, wrote the spy stuff, demonstrated literature as
an
imitation of life?> "Uhh...Ian Fleming?" The laughtr around him told him he
was far off.
    "The correct answer would be John Wilks Booth shot Mr. Lincoln, *not*
Ian Fleming. After school detention for day dreaming again. Go to the office
now please." Tenchi rose and walked out the door.
    <*This* is the best you could come up with? Next time, try something
that won't get me in trouble, okay lord?>
    In the halls, Tenchi almost literally ran into Heeto, the school's
largest patron. The student turned and sneered at Tenchi. "You got some
kinda
problem buddy?" He reached out and shoved Tenchi into a locker. Tenchi fell,
but was up fairly quickly with a slight nose bleed...and not one of the good
one he got now and then. Heeto laughed. "Whatcha gonna do about? Go cry to
your *mommy*?"
    Tenchi could almost hear the last tendon in his mind snap right then.
He walked up to Heero slowly, stared at him...and shoved his head backwards
with enough force to snap the neck. *That* snap he could hear for sure. Bits
of American music began to run through his head.
    <Taken'...all you down with me. Explosives duct taped to my spine,
nothin's gonna change my mind.>
    He went to his locker and pulled out the Tenchi-ken. Then, he walked
back to his class. The teacher glared at him. "I thought I told you to go to
the office."
    "And I'm telling you you can go to Hell." The sword was up and out in
the time it took the techer's mouth to drop open in shock at what this meek
young man had just said. His head hit the ground chin first and the mouth
clamped shut. Tenchi, a fan of blood crossing his face, turned to the class.
    <You got sirens for your welcome. There's blood stain for your pain.>
    "Who wants some?" He rushed the class as they ran for the door. They
all fell on top of one another, crowding to escape. Those in the back
weren't
going to be so lucky. Tenchi slashed his way through the mob, his uniform
now
drenched in bright red life fluid. His death toll was presently at twenty
...and very much about to climb.
    <I'm takin' it all out on you, for all the sh-- you've put me
through.>
    One of the student who made it out...there had been a few, dispite
his having ripped most of his class apart...was a pretty young girl who sat
just in front of Tenchi. Her name escaped him in his rage. Two weeks prior,
he had worked up the nerve to tap her on the shoulder and ask her out. It
would have solved the Ayeka/Ryoko issue quite peacefully. She turned him
down
flat, laughing the whole time.
    No he got to run her down and run her through. Goodie.
    <Woman you want me, give me a sign. And catch my breathing even
closer behind.>
    Tenchi followed close behind her. He could have dropped her after a
few short second into the chase...but that wasn't as fun. He knew she was
too
stupid to get away from him...that was one of her best qualities; cute but
stupid enough not to give him lip like those two at home. She made a wrong
turn and came to a wall. Tenchi stalked up to her slowly. He looked at the
weapon in his hand and cut the power to the blade. He grabbed her throat in
his left hand, the right still gripping the sword. Choking her, he kissed
her
hard on the lips. She shrieked into his mouth, but calmed down soon. In her
mind, this was the worse that was going to happen to her. He pulled back and
looked into her lovely blue eyes.
    "Wanna reconsider going out with me cutie?" Tenchi asked smoothly, a
touch of sanity coming back into his voice.
    The girl nodded quickly. She smiled at him. He smiled back. She knew
then that she was going to be safe.
    As I said, she was stupid.
    Tenchi pressed the sword hilt to her stomach and brought the blade
back up full power. The blue eyes shot open, as did her mouth, her scream
muted this time by the sword being brought up through her body and splitting
her vocal cords.
    <Revenge, is a kiss, this time I won't miss, now I've got you IN MY
SIGHTS!>
    "Shame. Yesterday I would have taken you up on that offer."
    The body slumper to the floor in a heap. Tenchi kicked it in the head
a few times. Just because she was already dead, he could still have his fun.
    "Alright kid, drop the weapon and turn around slowly." Ohh, security
had found him. Maybe this could be an actual challenge for him. He turned to
face the guard. It was the fat one...again, rage clouded Tenchi's memory, so
he was only known as the fat one. Nope, no challenge with this one. The blue
blade died yet again.
    "Good. Now, bring it here and hand it to me."
    <They tried to break you. Looks like they'll try again."
    Tenchi walked slowly up to the lardy rent-a-cop. He gingerly pressed
the hilt into the man's hand, still holding the end lightly. The sword came
to life and spilled yellow liquid fat onto the floor with a healthy mix of
more red. What had the science teacher called that again? Oh yes, those were
lipo cells. Srange, fresh ones looked different from the ones in that test
tube. Maybe because this specimen had been much flabbier than the other.
    Wandering the halls, Tenchi peeked into one of the rooms. Class was
still going in this one. How did they not know about him yet? Guess the
other
escapees had been quiet so as not to alert him of their pressence. Hey, that
guy in the back...he had jumped Tenchi for lunch money his whole first year
at the school. Tenchi got a quick helping of balls at one point and tried to
stand up for himself. He was beaten within an inch of his life for it. If
you
fancy yourself a student of the human mind, you might say this lead Tenchi
to
be as reserved as he was now with any conflict (i.e.-the situation with
Ayeka
and Ryoko).
    Tenchi grinned and reached for the door knob, Tenchi-ken in hand. He
stopped at the last minute and grinned wider. Out of his pocket he removed a
small black box Washu had given him. It was the control to his own personal
storage dimension. Mostly just books, a few mangas he had lifted from his
father's collection, school supplies, those kind of things. But also, a
small
device, slightly oval shaped when closed. Swung open, it took on a highly
recognizable shape. Mihoshi's standard issue GP blaster. She had dropped it
a
week or so back, then went on duty before Tenchi found it. He stuck it away
and forgot to return it when she came back.
    Tenchi thought it was fairly lucky this way.
    <Well no one here is gettin' out alive. This time I've really lost my
mind and I don't care.>
    Tenchi slicked his hair back, straightened his uniform, and walked
through the door as calmly as possible, hilt up one sleeve, gun up the
other.
    "Ahh, hello Tenchi. Can I Help you?"
    "No Mr. Tanaka. Just a little unfinished business with one of your
students." By now he had walked up to the student in question. He flicked
his
arm out to the side. THe hilt shot out of his sleeve and ignited as the arm
swung back around to the front, taking the head off on a clean angle. His
momentum carried him back around in time to begin shooting his other peers.
    <Lurking in some darkened doorway, or crouched on a rooftop
somewhere. In the next room, or this very one, the man with the golden gun.>
    Sadly, the teacher hit the intercom button before a blast of energy
tore through his spine and out his chest. All the sounds of massacre were
being piped into the front office. What a yummy turn of events. He'd been
found out. The real up-shot: this was doubtlessly giving the old woman who
answered the intercom a painful heart attack right now. Didn't even have to
try for that one.
    The loud speaker kicked on as he stepped on bodies to leave the room.
"Attention students and staff; we have a code three situation. Lock your
classes, close the blinds, and duck-and-cover. You'll be given further
information as we get it." Tenchi could think of only one way to trump this
card. Time to drop the last ace up his sleeve.
    He headed for the office and straight through the principal's door.
He had to step over the twitching body of his secretary. Yup, heart attack.
Did he call it or what?
    "What are doing here son? Don't you know there's a killer in the
school?"
    "In this office actually." The gun was out and fired in a flash. A
thick lump of gray matter hit the framed dimploma on the back wall. Tenchi
could see it through the gaping hole in the man's face. He picked up the
microphone for the loud speaker as he took a pair of small black boxes out
of his pocket. This one he had liften from Washu's lab after his last exam.
    In that second, holding this device, Tenchi knew he had come to the
edge of sanity. He had come to it and gone *way* the hell over it.
    "Attention students and teachers; this is your psychopath speaking.
Please remain in the duck-and-cover possition. More speciffically, place
your
head firmly between your legs and kiss you a--es goodbye. Thank you, and
I'll
be around to kill you shortly."
    He dropped the larger box and went out to the front lawn. He hit the
single button on box two.
    KA-BOOM!
    A tower of flame replaced the school. Shame, the bomb was nowhere as
effective as Washu had claimed. Thinking of Washu brought out another idea.
Tenchi grinned. He hefted the gun a few times, then started throwing it up
in the air and catching it as he turned towards the parking lot.
    <Wild boys fallen far from glory, wreckless and so hungered, on the
razor's edge you trail...because there murder by the roadside in a sore,
afraid new world.>
    Maybe going home wasn't such a bad idea after all.
    <The wild boys are callen'...on their way back from the fire.>

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The songs used here were, in order used:
        1-Having a Blast = Green Day
        2-Wild Boys = Duran Duran
        3-Having a Blast = Green Day
        4-Hungry Like The Wolf = Duran Duran
        5-Goldeneye = Tina Turner
        6-Wild Boys = Duran Duran
        7-Having A Blast = Green Day
        8-The Man With The Golden Gun = Lulu
        9-Wild Boys = Duran Duran
        10-Wild Boys = Duran Duran

    I do not own the rights to any of these songs. I do have most of the
CDs though. Happy for me. ^_^

    Back to seriousness.
    These characters belong to Pioneer and AIC, aside from Victor, Mr
Tanaka, and Heeto. The ideas expressed in this fan fiction are mine...not
that I think anybody else would see fit to claim them for themself.
    I don't own Ian Fleming either, by the by.
    In any case, this was meant a dark story. I tried to keep it brief,
but this was an idea that I had to get out rather then letting it fester in
my mind for too long. This topic is, in my personal opinion, quite relevant
to today's society. Without being too preachy, I hope this story hits you in
every way it is meant to.
    Finally, trust in that I have no intention of living out the actions
you've just read about. I am not a violent person, nor do I believe myself
to be insane. In this I could be wrong, but I am not violent which is what
truly matters. And no, that was not meant as humor. But that's my personal
business and no concern of yours.

        ~VM Toumbes
