
I claim none of the characters in this story and have no intention of 
selling it for any amount of money to anyone. I am also very
poor and beg you not to sue me.


	No need for the consequences of dreams that come true
	by, Clayton Overstreet



Prologue

  Well it had happened. Tenchi had chosen to be with Ryoko instead of 
Ayeaka. Ayeaka herself took it rather well. She only
blew up the house. While standing in the rubble she had time to think. She 
wanted Tenchi to be happy, she just cared for him
and hated Ryoko the same. Sometimes she and Ryoko had found common ground, 
but deep down she truely hated the space
pirate... now more that ever since she had gotten Tenchi. Still she could 
see how Tenchi could choose her over Ayeaka. She
was much prettier and had bigger... assets than her. But she also knew 
Tenchi saw something in Ryoko. She had never done
anything evil when not under Kagato's control, even when Ayeaka had violated 
the law and fired upon her after her statute of
limitations had ran out. Plus she had nothing else in her life but Tenchi. 
Ayeaka still had her mother, Funaho, Sasami, and her
insane father (whom she still wouldn't write to after that Serio thing). 
Plus her friends. Come to think of it the only people in the
universe that Ryoko had were Tenchi, Sasami, and Mihoshi. Everyone else 
completely mistrusted her. Even that new girl
Kyonei, who being an intelegant cop never trusted an ex-convict. Still she 
would miss Tenchi. Ayeaka had been in love with him
ever since she learned he was Yosho's grandson. Sure, she knew that she was 
just passing her feelings for Yosho onto him, but
she realy didn't care. It hadn't made her feel very good to find Tenchi and 
Ryoko asleep on the couch, holding eachother and
with Ryoko still holding the collar of his shirt in her teeth.
  Sasami and the others had been up early, seen everything, and didn't even 
care. Thats what made it all that much harder for
Ayeaka to accept, that everyone but her knew and weren't suprised. Nobiyuki 
had even passed out snap shots and put them in
a photo album for the two! In retrospect utter destruction of the property 
hadn't been the best course of action... but it was all
she could think of and it released alot of stress. Well she could always ask 
Washu to rebuild the house. As she sat thinking she
heard a squeek behind her. The door to Washu's lab had materialized and 
everyone was peering out nervously. Tenchi's voice
was heard first. "Um... Ayeaka, we need to talk." Well, she had to accept it 
eventually, but she could still get her revenge on the
people who had made her feel this way. And she could do it in a way that 
would still leave her as a friend.

Chapter 1: Engagements

  A week later everything had calmed down. After explaining that he still 
saw her as a friend, but had always loved Ryoko and
had just wanted to spare Ayeaka's feelings this whole time, Tenchi and she 
had made peace. Yosho had Washu call Jurai and
tell Misaki and Funaho what had happened. They had mixed feelings about the 
whole ordeal, but were happy for Tenchi and
Ryoko, deciding to come visit the happy couple themselves. Asuza some how 
heard about it and after doing a polka (despite
Jurai's complete lack of anything even remotely close) had decided to come 
along. The empress's ship arrived first giving them
time to talk to everyone and get things ready for the Emperor. Funaho had 
gone to talk to Yosho, who once they were alone
let his diguise drop and revieled himself to be a young man. "Hello mother. 
Would you like some tea?" Funaho smiled," Not
right now Yosho. I wanted to talk." "What about mother?" he asked as she 
smiled. " How you feel about Ryoko and Tenchi's
engagement. After all you did have a slight crush on her before you chased 
her off Jurai." Yosho blushed slightly. "Well I'm very
happy for them. I found who I truely loved when I married Achika's mother. 
I'm just a little ashamed for trying to pass Ayeaka
off on him. I am the main cause of alot of pain and heartbreak." Funaho 
nodded and frowned. "That was soemthing else. You
did train Tenchi to be Ryoko's savior and love interest correct? Just as we 
planned?" *Yosho nodded. he had seen how Tenchi
had responded to the cave and had told his mother. She saw that they were 
destined and the two o them had made it their
hobby for the last 18 years trying to make Tenchi into the perfect 
boyfriend. They did a little too good a job it seemed. "You
know that by pushing Tenchi on Ayeaka you almost completely ruined our 
mother-son project correct?" Yosho nodded and
looked down. "Well ok, as long as your sorry." Yosho looked up suprised, 
"You mean you aren't-" SLAP! A large red mark in
the shape of Funaho's hand appeared on his face. "Ow!" Funaho's smile 
returned, "Mad at you? Ofcourse not." At that she got
up and went back to the house. "Now fallow me and keep your disguise off. 
Your going to... what's that old saying? Take one
for the team."

  Misaki had gone to the house and met up with everyone else. After 
incapasitating everyone with hugs that could crush a car she
had asked how Ayeaka had taken the news of Tenchi and Ryoko. After getting 
some odd glancs and uncomfortable silence
from the room (especially Tenchi and Ryoko who were afraid Misaki would kill 
them for hurting her daughter) Ayeaka had
walked in and the conversation was closed. Kyonei bust out laughing as 
Ayeaka used a childish voice to say, "Mommy." Before
she knew it Misaki had her by the hair. "What were you laughing at?" Sasami 
help up a sign behind Masaki for Kyonei to read.
"I'm sorry pretty lady, I wasn't laughing at that, i saw Ryo-oki fall down 
and she looked so cute. Misaki smiled and turned to
the little todler form of Ryo-oki, who was standing up normaly. Forgetting 
to be mad with Kyonei she then ran to the cabbit and
hugged her. "She is cute isn't she?" *Washu smiled at praise for one of her 
daughters,"She gets her looks from me."
Finaly after all this was done she looked over at Tenchi and Ryoko who 
smiled back nervously and held hands behind their
backs in fear. Misaki looked directly at them and suddenly burst out crying 
and hugging them in a death grip. "Oh Tenchiyou are
getting married! I'm so happy for you!" After that they all set down for a 
nice lunch. About five minutes later Funaho come in
followed closely by a green haired young man with a large bruise on his 
face, in a shinto robe just like Tenchi's grandfather's.
When they saw him Misaki and Ayeaka shrieked and fainted. Sasmi jumped up 
and hugged him, "Oh brother, your young
again! Yay!" Yosho nodded and helped them revive Ayeaka and Misaki. Next he 
went over what his mother had told him to
say. And ofcourse Asuza walked in at the exact moment.

  "...and so you see, all this buisness with Tenchi made me realize that I 
realy do love Ayeaka and want to marry her too."
Funaho smiled as her son finished the speach. She and he had agreed that he 
would learn to love Ayeaka and that she was a
perfect example for a Juraian bride. Ayeaka took this all with alot of 
happyness and almost gave up her plan to get her revenge
on  Ryoko and Tenchi... almost. Asuza was overjoyed that his son had finally 
bent to his wishes. He realy hadn't wanted Sario as
a son in law anyway. He and Misaki practically killed the couple hugging 
them and congradulating them. Sasami and Mihoshi had
burst out crying because they were so happy Washu was slightly upset since 
she and Yosho had been dating on and off since
she had come here. But Funaho wasn't done yet. "You know Yosho, you will 
also have to choose a second wife from another
planet to marry aswell." Washu smiled and Yosho glanced her way, "Um... 
Washu, would you like to..." Everyone was suprised
as she nodded but since Ayeaka didn't even notice, having just found out 
that Yosho loved her, nobody made much of a fuss.
Ryoko and Tenchi went to congradualte the happy trio mostly to make sure 
nobody was focused on them as they tried to leave
the room. At that moment Nobiyuki had shown up with the video cammera. "And 
here we have Tenchi and Ryoko sneaking off
to be alone..." At which point they were dragged back by their ankels. 
Mihosh, Misaki and Sasami all started crying again and
Kyonei sat in her chair stunned. She wasn't as used to this sort of thing as 
the others were. Suddenly she was woken out of her
trace by Mihoshi's voice, "This is such a happy occasion... I just can't 
keep it in any longer." She walks over to Kyonei and gets
on one knee. Suddenly she hold sout a box, "Kyonei, will you marry me so we 
can be together forever and ever?" Everyone fell
down stunned.
  Kyonei sat there comatose for several minutes thinking about what had just 
happened. On other planets it was no
big deal for females to marry, but spending forever with Mihoshi... well she 
already was stuck like that. And it was apparent that
not only was she completely serious, but that on some level they realy did 
love eachother. She remembered how she felt when
they would sing kareoki together at the bar and how when Mihoshi wasn't 
causing trouble how she felt then. Letting out a
defeated sigh she smiled at Mihoshi and nodded. Suddenly Mihoshi slipped the 
ring on and kissed her full on the lips. At this
point Tenchi and Ryoko were getting realy turned on and tried to sneak out 
to spend some quality time alone. Unfortunately they
got about two feet before they were dragged back. Nobiyuki, being the only 
one in the room who wouldn't live for hundreds of
years, wasn't about to let his son leave. He figured they would have plenty 
of time when he was dead to be alone... except
ofcourse the honeymoon durring which he planned to become a grandfather. 
Suddenly everyone's attention was brought back
to Mihoshi and Kyonei. "Mihoshi, how did you afford this ring?" Kyonei was 
staring fixedly into the diamond. "Well Kyonei, you
know all that money we get from the galaxy police and can't spend on Earth? 
I just used that when I went on that vacation last
month." Kyonei smiled at her. "You knwo Mihoshi, you act like an airhead 
alot... but sometimes you are just amazing." Mihoshi
smiled and said, "Well it's just I was always taught to tell the truth... 
and I am not as dumb as I've been acting. It's just my way
of staying out of all the fights and stuff around here, ya know?" Everyone 
fell down again. Washu smiled, "Well I knew that. I
wouldn't have expected anything less from my great grandaughter." Everyone 
looked at Washu and yelled, "WHAT!!!"
Washu laughed evily. "You remember I told you about my son?" Everyone 
nodded, "And you knwo how Mihoshi gets into my
lad despite the DNA locks on the doors?" Everyone nodded. "Well that's how 
she does it. I have a chart if you want..."
Everyone shook their head and desided to go lay down. On the way out Funaho 
heard Sasami talking to Ryo-oki ,"Do you
think we should tell them about us?" Ryo-oki smiled and shook her head no. 
"I guess your right, they've had enough shocks...
lets wait until Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding!" The girl kissed the humanoid 
cabbit and then they ran after everyone else.

  After everyone had had a nice long nap, Asuza pointed out that now Yosho 
had to take the thrown of Jurai, as soon as they
got back. Yosho said, "Um... sure... but um... Washu... needs to... figure 
out how to... set up a door to her lab on Jurai and...
um... how to get mine and Ayeaka's tree's back to Jurai. And she says that 
that could take... years." He looked over at Washu
who nodded in understanding, "Yes, but it shouldn't take more than three 
years." Asuza yelled, "Three! Why so long?"
"Because though Ayeaka's tree is almost ready to fly i still have to figure 
out how to reconect Yosho's to the power of Jurai so
that he doesn't die when Tenchi gives Ryoko's gem's back. Them being in the 
hilt of the master key is all that keeps him alive."
Actually this was a lie. Everyone but Asuza knew that Washu had, with the 
help of Sasami and Tsunami, already done all of
that. But everyone could see that Yosho just wanted some time to get used to 
the idea of going back to Jurai. Asuza reluctantly
agreed, but told Washu to set up that interdimentional door with Jurai 
immediately. "Sure, I just needed your permission to do so
anyway sir." Her computer appeard and she pressed a button. Suddenly the 
made who had just oppened the closet in Yosho's
old romm to clean fell through the closet door that Washu's lab was behind. 
Asuza told her to dispence with that and move onto
the other rooms. Washu and everyone laughed as she went away and got back to 
discussing the new relationships. Asuza went
over to Tenchi and smiled, "You know boy, I thought you had no back bone. I 
considered you worse than Serio. But... when
you picked Ryoko over my daughter, after what I saw when I was here last 
time, you are the bravest person I have ever met."
He put a hand on Tenchi's shoulder. "Don't think I didn't see the scorch 
marks around the house." They laughed and went back
to the others. After Sasami had finished making dinner they all piled into 
the dining room. The girls were busy discussing whether
or not it would be bad luck for Mihoshi to see Kyonei the day before the 
wedding and doing things like picking out dresses and
things. By the end of dinner, which Asuza praise alot having never had 
Sasami's cooking, it was decided that they would have a
group wedding, since by the end of it they would all be related in more ways 
than one. Sasami was happy that both Washu and
Ayeaka had gotten Yosho. Since her merging with Tsunami, she knew that Washu 
was now also her sister, and that once
Kyonei married Mihoshi, everyone here woould be related... and what she and 
Ryo-oki had planned for the wedding made
Tsunami almost burst out laughing. Funaho saw the look on Sasami's face and 
that on Tsunami's reflected in her milk, and
smiled herself. Yosho and Tenchi jokingly discussed making a break for it, 
but that was put to an end when Washu threatened to
graft their legs to a ball and chain. Nobiyuki was very happy. he knew that 
despite his short life when compaired to the others, he
wouldn't want it any other way. He would see Achika soon enough and his 
family had not only grown but had given him more
adventures than he could have hoped for even in his youth. Suddenly a 
thought struck him, "Since Tenchi is a prince and all, does
that make me one too?" Asuza thought about it and nodded. "Ryoko if you 
want, before you marry Tenchi, we would also be
happy to abopt you..." Ryoko thought about it for a second, especially after 
seeing Nobiyuki's grin. Then she saw Ayeaka's eyes
widden abruptly as she counted on her fingers. Ryoko grinned... but said, 
"No." Asuza frowned and asked why, completely
missing Ayeaka's sigh of relief. "Because if I did that would make me the 
oldest child... and I don't want to rule Jurai or the rest
of the Universe any more than Tenchi does." Yosho kicked himself mentaly for 
not thinking of that solution. But now it was too
late anywa. Ryoko continued, "Besides, after I marry Tenchi, i'll be a 
princess anyway. And your neice Ayeaka." She grinned at
the princess who's face immdiately turned red. Oh yes, she was going to 
continue with that plan of hers.
  Sasami smiled and hugged Ryoko, "You'll be my neice twice over!" Everyone 
looked at her. Well Sasami, Tsunami said to her,
everyone else got to make an announcement today, why don't we? "Well you 
see, Washu is Tsunami and Tokime's sister and
that means that..." Washu suddenly sat bolt upright and everyone looked at 
her amazed. She missed it though as all of her
memories of before she was mortal returned. How she had put all her power in 
the gems that Ryoko had, how she had left
behind her immortality, all of it. "Whoa..." Suddenly she passed out. almost 
immediately regaining her adult body.
  Tenchi and the others helped her up again. They had already been so 
suprised before that they took the news about Washu in
stride. So now they had an even bigger and longer lasting family. Everyone 
was happy and celebrating. Ryoko decided to break
out the Saki and they all had some, even Sasami and Ryo-oki.

  The next day Asuza and the two empresses left in their space ships. They 
could have gone through Washu's lab, but didn't want
to leave the spaceships parked in the yard. Plus they had huge hangovers and 
would need some quiet time. It wasn't all bad
though. They also decided that the second Yosho took the thrown, they were 
going on an extended second honeymoon to every
resort planet in the universe, including Earth.
  After they were gone Ayeaka decided to put her revenge scheme into effect. 
She even managed to convince Washu to help her
with it. They had it set up in about a week. At 6:00 am Washu Teleported 
Ryoko, Tenchi, Nobiyuki and everyone else but
Sasami into the school set up she had used when explaining about the Mass. 
Ayeaka smiled, "Welcome to your first day of
school everyone. Over the next three years, me and Miss..." Washu cleared 
her throat. She still liked her nick name despite
the fact that she remained in her adult form. "...Little Washu, will be 
teaching you everything you need to know about Jurai and
it's customes." Everyone immediately started yelling, waking Mihoshi who had 
slept through the explenation. "What do you mean
Ayeaka? I'm not going to live on Jurai." Tenchi said. Ayeaka looked at him 
in a way that made it clear that this was a
punnishment. "Yes Tenchi, but now that all of you are related to the Jurain 
royal family you will need to know it all."
"Well I already know Jurai custom, why am I here?" Yousho crosses his arms 
and waited for an answer. "Because you have
been gone for seven hundred years. Alot has happened in all that time." 
Washu hit a key on her computer and a flower pot
landed on Yosho's head. "No talkingg out of turn!" Nobiyuki raised his hand 
and waited to be called on before saying, "But I
need to work... and so does dad." Yosho smiled appreciatavly. "You Nobiyuki 
will only be given the material to wirk on since
you a native. You were only brought here tody for an explanation and will be 
learning this stuff like at night school." Nobiyuki
nodded and was teleported back to his room so he could get ready for work. 
"Yosho on the other hand works at home and
Washu has already made a replacement for him at the shrine." They looked at 
the screen behind Washu and saw the old man
they had thought was what granpa looked like sitting in the shrine. "But how 
will that help people who come to the shrine?"
Washu smiled. "I just programed it with a bunch of things from fortune 
cookies. That's what you tell people anyway." Yosho
blushed and suddenly another flower pot hit his head. He then raised his 
hand, "But what about swordfighting?" Washu and
Ayeaka smiled. "You will teach everyone here how to fight with a sword 
durring Tenchi's normal training time." A furry hand
from the back went up, "Myah?" Washu nodded, "Yes you too Ryo-oki. It will 
help you to learn your humanoid body anyway."
And besides, I know what you and Sasami are planning, Washu said in her 
mind. The cabbit girl blushed and looked at her desk.
  Washu smiled at Ayeaka evily and Ayeaka returned the grin. This was going 
to be FUN.

Chapter 2: Sneaking around

  A month later Tenchi and the others were sitting in class, staring into 
space. In his pocket was the sword with one of Ryoko's
gems still in it. He had given her back the other gem as an engagement ring 
deal and would give back the third on their wedding
day. He was smiling slightly as he thought of her when suddenly Ayeaka's 
riding crop hit his shoulder hard. "Tenchi, who is the
ninth baron of the seventh house of Jurai?" Tenchi's face reddened as he 
thought hard, "Um... Kamijitsy?" Crack!  A large rock
landed on his head. "Wrong. That is the third count of the tenth house. The 
correct answer was...Yosho?" Yosho suddenly
snapped to attention. "Kimiamaho." Ayeaka nodded and continued. Washu had 
told Yosho that this was just Ayeaka's way of
getting even with everyone for her relationship with Tench, so he had 
accepted it. Besides, he hadn't been to school in a long
time and was rather enjoying his futer wive's little game. Tench slowly slid 
his hand into his pocket and held onto the sword.
When he had given Ryoko her second gem he found that he could use the sword 
to form a mind link with Ryoko like she had
with Ryo-oki and Washu. So, he asked her, are we going to the carnival this 
weekend? Or did you make plans without me.
Ryoko smiled in her seat Ofcourse, I never have any fun without you... even 
if you won't let me run a scam. Suddenly Washu
broke into the link, Don't make me tell Ayeaka about this! Tenchi quickly 
let go of the sword and went back to class mode.
After a while Ryoko's mind started to wander. She had already been hit with 
a bag of sand for throwing spit wads at Ayeaks,
and was getting bored again. She saw the drinking fountain and bathroom that 
Washu had installed when Mihoshi had gone to
get a drink and ended up erasing half her computer information. She and 
Tenchi had been having a blast trai9ning together under
Yosho. She had already seen alot of his moves when he fought and together 
she and Tenchi could almost take him in a sword
fight. Kyonei and Ryo-oki had rapidly become Ayeaka and Washu's prized 
pupils. They got every answer right and seemed
glad they had an excuse for living with Tenchi without paying rent. Washu 
had obtained special permission from Galaxy Police
headquarters to keep them off active duty by pointing out that not only were 
they now going to be related to royalty, but gods
aswell. They were only too happy to take Mihoshi off the active duty list, 
and actually had a party.
  The weird thing was that despite all the blank stares and stupid sounding 
answers, Mihoshi had a better grade than Kyonei and
Ryo-oki. She got answers right that Washu was sure she hadn't put on the 
test... especially since they weren't on the other's
work. This ofcourse Washu would spend the rest of her life trying to figure 
out.
  After school everyone went to the baths to relax. There they got into a 
water fight and started talking. "Ayeaka, you and
Washu seem almost as happy about the weekend as we are. What's up?" Ayeaka 
gave Ryoko a look that said teaching her
about Jurai was probably harder than learning it. Ryoko smiled back. She and 
Tenchi had kept their weekend plans quiet from
Ayeaka who kept insisting that they not be unshaparoned until they were 
married. Ryoko had promised that she would provide
a destraction that , she swore, would not involve ropes, explosions, or 
blood. Tenchi had reluctantly agreed. Later that night
Ryoko and Tenchi went to sleep, wishing Ayeaka would let them share a room.
  The next day Tenchi got up early and headed out to the fields to get 
carrots for Ryo-oki and an excuse as to why he'd be gone
all day and into the night. He decided he'd get enough carrots for Ryo-oki 
to eat and then would meet with Ryoko at the fair.
Ryoko on the other hand, was busy putting her plan to distract Ayeaka into 
effect. She had asked Washu to make a copy of
her, just as Washu did when she didn't want to have to actually hang out and 
teach with Ayeaka. Washu had agreed because
she didn't want Ayeaka to know she was ditching. So the fake Ryoko was put 
in the rafters while the real Ryoko went out to
meet Tenchi at the carnival. Ayeaka kept a close eye on her unti she was 
sure Ryoko was asleep, then went to Washu and
Yosho to ask if they would join her at the carnival today...

  Tenchi and Ryoko were having a great time. They had played several of the 
games from the balloon shooting to fish scooping.
tenchi had won Ryoko a stuffed cabbit, one of the few things Washu had 
managed to market on Earth. She had quickly
teleported it and the fish to Tenchi's room. Now they had bought some cotton 
candy and corn dogs from Mihoshi and Kyonei's
stand. They had promised to buy something only if they promised not to tell 
Ayeaka where they had been all day. They had
readily agreed. later when they were sitting watching the sunset together 
they heard a startled "Myah!" from behind them.
Tenchi looked at Ryoko and said, "Please tell me someone brought a cat!" 
They turned around and saw Ryo-oki and Sasami
buying tickets for the tunnel of love...and they were kissing. Suddenly 
Sasami saw them and blushed. But then as she realized
that she realy didn't cae what they thought about her and Ryo-oki she walked 
over and said, "Um....hi guys."
  Tenchi and Ryoko had known about Sasami and Ryo-oki for a while so they 
asked," Is...is Ayeaka here?" Sasami shook her
head. "No, I told her that we were going to go help you in the fields. We 
asked Ryoko if she wanted to go and... how did you
get here so fast?" Ryoko told her and she smiled, "I should have thought of 
that! Washu owes me afew too... Hey, do you guys
want to come on the ride with us? It should be fun!" They agreed and both 
happy couples went to the swan shaped boats.
While inside Ryoko smiled at Tenchi, "You know, I always wanted to do this 
sort of thing with you." Tenchi smiled and kissed
her, "I know." Suddenly from up ahead they heard happy purring sounds from 
up ahead. "Wow, Sasami and Ryo-oki have
gotten good at that!" Tenchi laughed and remembered Ryoko's mind link. "Ok, 
but let them have some privacy ok?" Suddenly
Ryoko's face went blank and her eyes widdened. Hey Ryoko, Washu said in her 
head, Ayeaka brought Yosho and me to the
carnival too! We're gonna take turns with him on the tunnel of love and they 
are going first. Get Sasami and Ryo-oki out of there
and try to avoid us ok? I'll give you reports on where we are. Ryoko looked 
at Tenchi, "Um, Ayeaka is right behind us. We
need to get out of here!" She picked Tenchi up and flew through the thunnel. 
Ryo-oki was already flying Sasami out ahead of
them. "Ryoko, where can we hide?" Sasami looked frantic, afraid that if her 
sister had gotten that upset about Ryoko and Tenchi
fell in love, imagine what would happen when she found out about her and 
Ryo-oki. "I don't know Sasami, lets go ask Kyonei
and Mihoshi. They work here, they should have some idea!" They teleported 
over to Kyonei's booth. "Hey guy's I've been
expecting you. Washu said to tell you to go to the rides... but to wait... 
to wait... hey Kyonei, what was she supposed to wait
for?" Mihoshi looked at her partner. "She said to wait on the scary or dizzy 
rides until afer her turn on the tunnel of love with
Yosho." Kyonei smiled as her partner grinned at her. It was quite obvious 
Mihoshi hadn't forgotten what Washu had said, she
just wanted to put ideas in Kyonei's mind. "Think it's time for that break 
now Kyonei... we could go to the kareoki stand or...
something?" Kyonei nodded and the two of them ran off. Tenchi Ryoko, Sasami 
and Ryo-oki all laughed. Then they headed
for the rides.
  After several hours on the rides, Tenchi took Sasami and Ryo-oki over to 
the games to win them some prizes. While there
Washu told them that her group was heading their way. Ryo-oki turned int her 
cabbit self and they waited. Tenchi also had
Ryoko take the carrots from the field to the house and get rid of the fake 
in the rafters. Ryo-oki offered but they knew what
would happen if she got near those carrots. Ryoko got back just as Ayeaka 
and the others came around the corner. "What are
you doing here?" Ayeaka asked. Washu glanced at Yosho who's eyes made it 
clear that Ayeaka was the only one who didn't
know the answer to that question. "Well I finished in the fields and 
everyone was gone..." He looked at Sasami. "And I came
home with Ryo-oki at the same time..."She looked at Ryoko as Ryo-oki myahed 
an affirmation. "And I found your note that you
had gone to the canival so we decided to take Sasami and have some fun." She 
held up the note and Tenchi made a mental note
to thanks her profusely for it later. Ayeaka looked skeptical for a moment 
but shrugged and smiled. "Thats ok, Yosho was just
going to win us some stuffed animals and fish." Yosho smiled. They went over 
to the coin toss and tried his best. He just couldn't
seem to do it. Sasami gave it a try and won. So did the todler version of 
Ryo-oki. Yosho frowned. "It's alright grandpa, I hear
the shorter you are the easier that game is. Try the darts. Sasami gave 
Ryo-oki a cabbit doll, sure that they could find a use for
it like Ryoko had her fake.
  At the darts Yosho won Washu and Ayeaka some of those dolls she had sold 
of them. When they pulled the string in Washu's
it said, "You are the smartest person in the universe!" Washu smiled, she 
loved these things. Ayeaka's didn't talk, but it did play a
nice melody. Ryoko and Tenchi helped Sasami and Ryo-oki catch some fish. 
They told them that Ryoko and he had theirs at
home already so not to worry about them not getting any. Ryoko decided to 
take it a step further and suggested that they all go
to the tunnel of love. Sasami and Ryo-oki fell over laughing, but Ayeaka 
just thought it was a childish joke at the idea. "No, it
wouldn't be proper. Unmarried people should not go on that ride." Ryoko 
almost made a joke but held it in. If Ayeaka knew
they would NEVER get away with this again in the next three years. Tenchi 
smiled and held the sword in his pocket. I promise
that next time we'l finish out ride, he said to her. Ryoko smiled back and 
took his hand. "Can Ryo-oki and I go on it?"
  "Ayeaka smiled patronisingly and nodded. "If you want Sasami, though it 
sn't as fun as some of the other rides." Sasami smiled
back and winked at Tenchi and Ryoko. "That's ok sis, we already went on all 
the others." Sasami and Ryo-oki ran off leaving
a very jealouse Tenchi and Ryoko.
  At the end of the night they had gone to drag Sasami and Ryo-oki off the 
ride. Sasami had some cabbit hair in her mouth, but
Ayeaka just figred one of Ryo-oki's ears had gotten in her mouth in the 
dark. They also stopped by Mihoshi and Kyonei's stall
to help them finish off the food. Then they all went home and gave Nobiyuki 
the leftovers.

Chapter3: Four weddings and a honeymoon

After the three years was almost up, and Ayeaka had drilled into them 
everything about Jurai she could, they were finally
making the wedding plans. Misaki and Funaho had arranged the chapel and 
catering. The girls were out buying their wedding
dresses. Washu had offered to make them for everyone, but had agreed when 
Mihoshi had suggested that it would be more fun
if they got to pick them out instead. So they had gone into town and were 
now looking through the dress shops. After they found
their dresses they decided to compair them to eachother. Washu found a silk 
dress, with lace wrists and nilon from the lowcut
front up to her neck. Everyone oo'ed and ahh'ed at it. Ryoko's was entirely 
lace, about three sizes too small, and had no sleeves
because she remembered what had happened when she had accidentaly torn 
Tenchi's mother's kimono. Kyonei and Mihoshi
had discussed whether or not Mihoshi would wear a tuxedo or a dress since 
she was the one who had proposed. They decided
to go with matching dresses in an old style. Suddenly they realized that 
Ayeaka was missing. They looked around for her and
found her in the linger'e department. "What are you doing Ayeaka? We're 
lookign for dresses." Ryoko looked at her crossly.
"I am going to be wearing a traditional Juraian kimono. I'm looking for 
something to wear under it." Everyone was shocked at
the princess's lack of propriety, then dived into the underwear themselves. 
Ryoko bought a crotchless white panties and garter
belts with a bra. Everyone laughed as Washu said, " Ryoko, you do know that 
Tenchi will probably faint from loss of blood if he
see's you in that." Ryoko smiled back and informed her that she had been... 
training Tenchi. Kyonei and Mihoshi found their
own linger'e, but wouldn't show it to eachother. Ayeaka and Washu realized 
that when Yosho was busy they would be in a
similar possition just as Misaki and Funaho were at times, so they couldn't 
show their's until the wedding night either. Ryoko
teased them mercilously until they all agreed to show her what they had 
gotten. It wasn't much.
  Meanwhile the guys were out too. They had decided to buy wedding rings for 
the girls, even Tenchi who wanted to suprise
Ryoko with a little something extra. Afterwards, they went out to have their 
tuxedos fitted and buy presents for the wedding.
Ryo-oki and Sasami had gone with them and helped them pick out what each 
girl would probably want, aswell as what they
would get for eachother. By the time everyone got back to the house they 
were all loaded up with boxes and bags that they put
in the den. Washu had put a forse field around the room so that nobody could 
peek in ahead of time. While they were out the
girls had also gotten complete makeovers. The stylist couldn't do much with 
Ryoko and Washu's hair so they had just cleaned
it up a bit and added a bow to each. Kyonei and Mihoshi had gotten perms and 
manicures. Ayeaka had let her's down out of
it's pony tails and tied it back in a bow. The men were at first 
dumbfounded, but were quick to compliment them. Sasami was a
little jealous, but was happy for them. Durring dinner they all shared 
stories about what they had done all day and had a good
laugh at Tenchi's expense durring the linger'e story. "Yeah yeah, well I'd 
like to see how grandpa is going to react to whatever
Washu and Ayeaka have planned." Yosho thought about it for a minute, and 
fainted.

  The day of the wedding, everyone was very nervouse. Mihosh had to stay 
with the guys because she couldn't see Kyonei until
the wedding. The girls had spent the night before planning the honeymoon and 
were all waiting excitedly for the cerimony to
start. They held it on Jurai, where all the nobels showed up to welcome the 
new members to the family. The wedding was going
to be broadcast across the universe, and nobody was happier than the people 
at the galaxy police, who would never have to
see Kyonei or Mihoshi ever again now that they were royalty. Little did they 
knwo that their official positions would be as the
leaders of Juraia's police forse, and more specificaly the body guards of 
Tenchi and the others, who would continue to live on
Earth. Sasami had made the cake and all of the guests agreed that it was 
lovely. Tsunami was to preside as the master of the
ceremony because, quite frankly, what could be holier than a goddess 
marrying everyone? Tenchi, and Yosho stood at the
podium and waited for their brides to appear. Ayeaka and Washu came first, 
walking side by side. Everyone let out little sounds
of amazement at how good they looked.
  Suddenly from the back a whiny, high pitched voice yelled, "Wait, stop the 
wedding! You are marrying MY bride!" Everyone
turned to see Serio stand up and draw his sword, "I was promised the 
princess Ayeaka's hand!" Asuza stood up and stared at
the pink haired idiot, " You lost her to Tenchi, who then gave her to Yosho. 
You have no say in thsi Serio." Serio stepped
forward, "You make her sound like a bottle of alchohal, passed from one man 
to another. I claim what is mine!" At this point
Ayeaka turned to stare at him, her face turning red. Suddenly her logs 
appeared around Serio and sent an electric shock through
him wich immediately knocked him to the ground unconsious. "Now, lets get 
back to my wedding, NOW!" Ayeaka looked at
Tsunami. At the end of the cerimony Tsunami asked, "Does anyone see any 
reason for these three to not be wed?" Everyone
looked at Serio, who still lay unconsious. "Then I know pronounce you man 
and wives, you may kiss the brides." Yosho and
his wives kissed eachother at the same time. Nobiyuki, who was video taping 
the wedding, yelled out. "Way to go dad!"
  Next Mihoshi and Kyonei came walking down the isle. They both walked next 
to eachother, trying not to smile as they heard
someone in the audience say, "So thats who crown prince Tenchi is marrying. 
He made a good choice." Everyone was extremely
suprised when Tenchi did not step forward for the cerimony. Kyonei and 
Mihoshi exchanged rings, and everyone gasped in
suprise as they kissed eachother. Next Ryoko came down the isle. She wore a 
veil over her head. Noone outside the immediate
family had been told who Tenchi was realy marrying, though there had been 
rumors. When Tenchi finaly removed her veil there
was a cry of outrage from the assembled nobels, many of whom despite knowing 
that Kagato had made her attack the planet,
still didn't want her to marry the crown prince. Tsunami asked who objected 
to the union and about a hundred hands shot up...
then immediately lowered as ever one of the immediate family, the assembled 
galaxy police, the emperor's personaly guard,
Tsunami the space ship, and Tenchi all pointed their weapons at them. They 
let out a collective yell of, "Just streatching!"
Washu smiled, "I think you people need to be water sprites for a while to 
think about your actions." She pushed a button on her
computer and they all became small humanoid frogs. Tenchi smiled and turned 
t Ryoko ," Ryoko, I love you, I always have,
and I always will. No matter what." And with that he grabbed the hilt of the 
master key and gave Ryoko her last gem. She was
so happy that she was about to hug and kiss him when Nobiyuki walked up and 
handed Tenchi the ring he had bought for her.
Ryoko smiled and a tear rolled down her cheek. Tenchi leaned over and kisses 
it away.
  Next came the presents. Sasami's ofcourse was the food, which she had made 
for everyone. Washu recieved Mihoshi's old
control cube, which she had been trying to analize for years, plus a 
collection of encyclopedia's on Earth, which she had never
realy had time to study before. Ayeaka received a beutiful Kimono and a set 
of hair care products. Mihoshi and Kyonei got a
kerioki machine and a satalite dish made by Washu so they wouldn't miss 
their favorite shows from Earth when they were out in
space. Tenchi was given a space ship, with rooms on it for all his friends. 
Ryoko got some video games and a years suply of
saki. Washu smiled at her daughter, "I have something special for you and 
Tenchi both dear. I made him a copy of one of your
gems so that now you two can talk telepathically without me or Ryo-oki 
butting in." She pressed some keys on her computer
and the gem appeared on Tenchi's wrist. Ryoko and Tenchi both hugged her and 
thanked her profusely.
  Tsunami came forward and looked at Tenchi, Yosho, and Nobiyuki. "I have 
made arrangements for a special gift for all three
of you." She turned and a portal opened up in space time. Out walked the 
ghosts of tenchi's mother and grandmother. They
smiled and hugged everyone, "Tsunami got us a pass to visit you on your 
wedding day." Achika said to them. Yosho's other
wife smiled and hugged her husband, "I'm happy you found someone to make you 
happy Yosho." Achika went over to Tenchi
and Ryoko. "Ryoko, thank you for taking such good care of my son. You always 
have. I do remember when we met all those
years ago. And Tenchi, I am so glad to see the person you've grown into." 
She then turned to Nobiyuki, "I want you to be
happy to. I know you have been doing everything to keep from falling in love 
with anyone else, but don't worry. We'll see
eachother again." She kissed him and they hugged.
  Sasami and Ryo-oki had worked their way over to the wedding platform, 
where Tsunami once again took the stand to address
everyone. "One more suprise everybody!" Sasami and Rio-oki were suddenly in 
matching dresses, each holding a ring.
Everyone turned and stared. Nobiyuki grabbed his cammera and pointed it at 
the platform. "Sasami, do you take Ryo-oki to be
your wife?" Sasami smiled and said, "Yes, do you?" Tsunami nodded and turned 
to Ryo-oki, "Do you take us, to be your
lawfully wedded wife?" Ryo-oki said, "Myah!" Tsunami looked at Washu and 
Ryoko both yelled, "She does!" "Then I now
pronounce you married. You may kiss the bride." Tsunami merged with Sasami 
and kissed Ryo-oki directly on the lips.
Suddenly with a slight gasp Misaki, Ayeaka, and the assembled nobels all 
fainted. When they woke up Misaki ran forward and
hugged everyone. "Oh, all my girls are all grown up and married." Between 
her cries she hugged everyone, including Achika
who thought that if she wasn't already dead Masaki would have killed her. 
Ayeaka walked over to her sister and yelled ,
"Sasami! How could you keep this from me?" Ryoko yelled at her, "Because she 
knew you'd freak out. You are such a prude
Ayeaka!" Ayeaka looked at Ryoko and yelled back, "A prude. I'll have you 
know that I have a wedding night planned with miss
Washu and Yosho that will make anything you've ever thought of doing with 
Tenchi look tame!" Ryoko laughed ,"Not likely!
When I'm finished with Tenchi he wont be able to move for a week!" Tenchi 
and Yosho stared at eachother. Then they both
looked at Washu. Washu smiled evily, "It's true. They even had me make us 
some... toys." Yosho and Tenchi gasped and
fainted at the thought of it. Suddenly Ryoko and Ayeaka started fighting for 
real. Ryoko had her lazer sword out and Ayeaka
had her logs surrounding Ryoko. Washu pushed some buttons on her computer 
and managed to save their dresses before they
were disentegrated. As they fought with occasional cries of, "You'll be 
lucky to see your wedding night!" Tenchi shrugged and
walked over to talk to Washu, "Well now your human, and your still queen of 
the galaxy huh? Now that you've conquered the
universe, what next?" Washu looked at him shocked. "Your right! I've spent 
so much time trying to conquer the universe, and
now it's done. I guess now I'll have to invent things to help people. 
Teraform machines and stuff," she smiled evily." I'm sure I'll
be able to keep busy." Tenchi looked at her a little scared, but since he 
was sure she was jokeing, he didn't worry too much.
Oh please let her be joking, he thought. Next he went over and helped Yosho 
break up Ayeaka and Ryoko's fight.

  That night they all left for their honeymoon. They had planned a one year 
tour of the universe, followed by going home to Earth.
Washu, Ayeaka, and Yosho would have to live on Jurai, but thanks to Washu's 
interdimentional lab they could still do what they
wanted on Earth without the weeks of space flight back and forth. Durring 
the honeymoon several things of interest happened
which you may thinl interesting. A slight uprising had been planned by the 
nobels that had been turned into water sprites and the
second they were back to normal they had hired the assasin's guild to kill 
Tenchi and everyone on the ship. The assasins borded
the ship and found all of them in the dinning room. "What are you doing 
here?" Sasami asked. "We are here to kill Tenchi Misaki
and his family." Sasami smiled, "Were you informed as to who it is exactly 
in this family?" The assasins nodded, "We know all
about Princess Ayeaka and Ryoko. We are the best assasins in the universe. 
We can handle them." Sasami burst out laughing.
"Um... whats so funny." Sasami couldn't stop laughing and everyone else 
sitting at the table had the same problem. "What's so
damn funny?" The leader of the assasins yelled. "Well not only is Ryoko and 
Ayeaka here, but so is Rio-oki, the goddess
Tsunami, Washu the greatest scientist in the world, and detective Kyonei of 
the galaxy police," Yosho said. The assasin sneared.
"We can handle them... wait, did you say Kyonei? As in Mihoshi's partner?" 
All the assasins looked at the ditsy blue eyed
blonde sitting across from them. "Yeah, I'm Mihoshi. Can I help you?" The 
assasins all screamed and threw themselves out the
airlock. Kyonei and everyone else just smiled. After that the nobels who had 
hired them were all turned back into watersprites
forever.
  However, about a week later they ran out of water while still a day away 
from their next docking station. It turned out that
Ryoko had dumped some syrup in Ayeaka's hair while she was sleeping so she 
had had to use up the last of the water to clean
it out. The only thing left on the ship to drink was Ryoko's saki, so they 
set the auto piolet and got totaly plastered. When they
woke up, the entire group except for Mihoshi was hanging by their feet 
naked, from the ceiling. Holding them in place were
pairs of galaxy police issue handcuffs. Mihoshi meanwhile woke up dressed in 
tight red leather, and holding Washu's special
tickling machine. They had docked days before and had plenty of supplies. On 
examination of the security tapes, it was found
that they had had an enormouse orgy. Infact it seemed that it was Ayeaka's 
idea for the tickling and Mihoshi had just
volunteered to man the machine. Kyonei looked over the entire incident 
closely. "Mihoshi, I don't see you drinking one bit
durring this entire episode." Mihoshi grinned and shook her head, "Nope, 
never touch the stuff. i was sober the whole time."
Everyone looked at her in shock, but then they all had a good laugh at it. 
Nobiyuki asked why he had been invited on this trip in
the first place. "Why not? You had some vacation time anyway. And you'd have 
gotten lonely at the house, right?" Nobiyuki
nodded and smiled at Washu. "What about my job though?" Washu had already 
set up one of her fake people to do that for
him. Suddenly Ryoko got a great idea. "Hey, why don't we have a beuty 
contest? The guys can judge and we can find out who
the most beutiful is." This idea was vetoed when the guys decided they 
wanted to live long enough to finish the honeymoon. "Ok,
ok, how about we go to that resort planet in the Sirus system? They have one 
every week." Every one agreed and they headed
off.

Chapter 4: First stop on the trip

  When they arrived at the planet they all decided the beach would be the 
best place to set up. They each grabbed some bathing
suits and tanning lotion. Sasami made them all a picnic lunch and Ryo-oki 
took them down to the planet. it was quite an arrival.
Tenchi was at first embarrased, but relized that since they were now famouse 
through the entire universe he'd have to get used to
it. They set up well above the water line. Sasami and Rio-oki went off the 
play and build sand castles. Kyonei and Mihoshi sat
out on a blanket and watched the waves for a while. Tenchi was almost 
dragged into the water by Ryoko, who had a beach ball
and wanted to play. After a while the other's joined up with them and it all 
ended in a splash fight between Ayeaka and Ryoko.
"How dare you splash me you monster." Ayeaka splashed Ryoko back. "Oh yeah 
princess? Try this!" Suddenly Ryoko's gems
glowed and an enormouse tidal wave formed in the ocean. Ayeaka shrieked and 
just before it splashed down on her and the
entire beach, it stopped. Washu pushed afew more buttons on her computer and 
the wave reversed course. "Ryoko, you can't
get so carried away. Suppose you had washed out the beach?" Tenchi siad to 
her. Ryoko looked down and then looked at the
other patrons at the beach, "I'm sorry!" Everyone nervously told her it was 
alright and had looked pretty cool. Most people
knew about her and that she'd had a hard life. Plus they knew she'd never 
willingly hurt anyone in her life... except maybe
Ayeaka. The group shrugged it off and went back to their blankets and towels 
to sun bathe. Ryoko still felt bad about it so she
volunteered to buy her friends some snow cones. She bought all of them one 
each plus one for her self and an extra one. "What's
the extra one for Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked. As she turned to look she 
accidentaly dropped her's down Kyonei's bathing suit.
"Slag! Mihoshi watch what you're doing!" Kyonei yelled. Mihoshi started 
crying, "I'm sorry Kyonei!" Ryoko just laughed and
handed her the extra, "Don't be too mad Kyonei, I saw that coming a mile 
away." Kyonei looked at her like she was gonna kill
Ryoko, but then just laughed. "Ok, your right. I'll go wash up." She smiled 
at Mihoshio,"Want to help?" Without another word
both girls ran off to the shower. Sasami and Ryo-oki laughed and went back 
to finish their sand castle. Tenchi looked over at
Ryoko and hugged her, "That was very nice of you Ryoko." Ryoko smiled at him 
and blushed slightly.
  Suddenly a loud noise came from a flying ball with speakers coming out of 
it, "The swimsuit beuty pagent will be held in twenty
minutes. Anyone wishing to particiapte please register now. The prize for 
winning is one million Jurai. Please register now."
The ball flew off repeating it's message. The group gathered up their things 
and moved down to the registering booth. There
was a list of rules posted next to it. Rule one: No damaging either the 
planet, or the other contestantswith either words, or
actions. Rule two: All swimsuits must contain a top and bottom, which covers 
whatever genetalia you may own or breasts... and
so on and so forth.
  Sasami read off the first rule, "Hey Ayeaka, I guess they did remember the 
last time you were in one of these." Ayeaka blushed
and everyone laughed a bit. Then Tenchi turned to Ryoko, "Sorry hun, looks 
like your going to have to be a little more covered
up than you thought." Ryoko elbowed him in the ribs... but put her top back 
on anyway. The girls all went back into the dressing
room with the other contestants. The men went to the audience to watch and 
see what happened. While in the dressing room
everyone filled out the registration form and question sheet. Ryoko turned 
to Washu, "Hey mom, when is my birthday and that
of my parents?" Washu thought, "Well in Earth years, you were born November 
15, in the year 98 b.c. I was born at the dawn
of time." Ryoko wrote it in. "Hey, My birthday is next month. Cool. Could 
you tell the others though? I don't want to sound too
pushy and stuff." Washu smiled and nodded. Suddenly their entire group was 
surrounded by a group of girls. "Excuse me but
aren't you those guys from the big royal wedding last month?" One asked. 
Another one said, "Nah, they're probably just
impersonators, right?" When she said no they all spent the next few minutes 
signing autographs. "Ok, time for the contest. Ready
ladies?" Came a voice from the stage. Everyone sat down and waited for their 
names to be called. Kyonei was a bit nervouse
because she had gotten some nasty tan lines from falling asleeep, but 
Mihoshi told her she still looked beutiful.
  The announcer's voice came from outside, "Our first contestant is Miss 
Kitty Katrice from the orion sector!" A humanoid cat
walked out onto the stage. She did afew turns on the stage while the 
announcer described her. "Kitty is a colledge student on
leave for the anually vacation for the making of Jurai by Tsunami. She is 
eighteen years old and likes to water ski." The cat lady
went over to her spot on the stage while the announcer called more people. 
Five contestants later they called out Ryoko's name.
  Ryoko walked onto the stage while the announcer spoke, "Ryoko the former 
space pirate and now princess of Jurai. She is
over two thousand years old but doesn't look a day past 17. She is currently 
on her honeymoon with her family." Ryoko smiled
at the crowd and went to her place behind the stage. Next came Ayeaka, 
"Princess Ayeaka of Jurai, also on the same
honeymoon as the others in her group, she is one of the two future empresses 
of the universe. But don't worry judges, Prince
Yosho has promised that there will be no retaliation of any kind, despite 
the fact that he himself is sure you will pick her or his
other wife. It is your choice." Ayeaka smiled embarrasedly and walked over 
to her place besides Ryoko. Two more contestants
went before Mihoshi was called up. "Next we have police comisioner Mihoshi. 
She is currently assigned as body guard to her
family and is here with her wife Kyonei. She is comonly believed to be the 
most dangerous person in the galaxy and is given the
credit for the recent elimination of the guild of assasins!" Everyone 
cheered and Mihoshi goes to her place. "Now here we have
Kyonei. She has a slight sunburn, but it is very becomeing wouldn't you 
agree?" Everyone cheered again and everyone could
swear they heard a whistle from Mihoshi. "Now we have a rather unusal entry. 
A double team of Tsunami the goddess and her
avatar Sasami, princess of Jurai!" Sasami walked out onto the stage with the 
image of Tsunami floating abover her. "Miss Sasami
assimilated with Tsunami after the attack attributed to Kagato on the planet 
Jurai. She will look like Tsunami when she grows up
and her suprise marriage to the former space pirate Ryo-oki durring last 
months wedding was the talk of the galaxy." Sasami
walked around the stage and took her place. "Now yet another of the group, 
miss Ryo-oki, who after assimilating with the
creatured known as Mass, has gained several new forms!" Ryo-oki hopped out 
onto the stage in her cabbit form. Then as she
moved became first a todler in a cute bathing suit. Everyone went, "Aww." 
Then with a big "Myah!" she turned into a beutiful
young and furry woman in a yellow bikini. Everyone cheered and she smiled 
before taking her spot. "The suprises just keep on
coming! Next up is the other future Empress of the universe, Washu, gratest 
and cutest scientist in the world! We haven't seen
anything like this since Asuza'a honeymoon. Washu a former goddess and 
former head of the science academy is here with her
family to enjoy the sun and hang out." Washu walked around and looked at the 
audiece smiling. Everyone clapped and cheered
as usual. After that were five more contestants. The last one came up in a 
dark cape and had a cabbit on her shoulder. Ryo-oki
said hi but other than that didn't give the other cabbit a second thought. 
"Out last contestant, is Nagi, the famouse bounty hunter
who has never missed one of her bounties." Nagi threw off her cape and stood 
there in a beutiful blue bathing suit. Everyone
made sounds of appreciation as the announcer continued. "Nagi has stopped by 
on this planet to enjoy some of the money she
earns from her job and to get a nice tan." Kyonei chuckled nervously at 
that. In the crowd Tenchi elbowed his grandfather's ribs
and pointed at Nobiyuki, who hadn't taken his eye's off Nagi. They both 
laughed and looked back at the stage.
  "Now that our contestants are in our judges have had a chance to read your 
minds to find out who you think should win!" He
pointed to a table where three beings with enourmouse brains were writing 
things down. They handed their papers to the
announcer and he read them off. "Third place goes too... Princess Sasami of 
Jurai. Your prize is a coupon for anything you want
from the planet's best swimsuit shop for you and your family! Donated by 
Sinsuits for you and me." Every one applauded and
Sasami happily took her coupon.
"Second place goes to... its a tie! Between princess Ryoko and princess 
Ayeaka. Your prize is a beach house on this very
beach, donated by the Jurain Realty company. Come to us for all your 
property needs." The announcer gave each of them a key
and they went to stand by Sasami. "Now, the grand prize winner of a million 
Jurai is... Nagi the bounty hunter!" Everyone
applauded and cheered. Nagi was given a crown and flowers. Ryoko and Ayeaka 
weren't too upset. They hadnt lost to
eachother and had gotten a fairly nice house to stay in whenever they 
wanted.
  After the show the entire group got together. They congradulated everyone 
for looking beutiful, and siad how they wish that
they all could have won. Sasami lead them off to the swimsuit store where 
the guys picked out some trunks and the girls got their
suits too. While they were looking around Ryoko bumped into Nagi who was 
also there to buy some swim suits. "Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't see you!" Ryoko helped her up and she smiled. "It's ok. I'm glad we 
met again I wanted to talk to you." Ryoko looked
at her suspiciously. "What about?" Nagi smiled. "About you. I was the one 
hired to find you after Yosho disapeared chasing you
off Jurai. Don't worry though, the bounty was lifted when you were cleared 
of the things Kagato made you do. Too bad though.
The price on your head would have made that million jurai look like cabbit 
feed." Ryoko smiled and Nagi's cabbit meowed an
agreement. "Well have you tried feeding him carrots?" Nagi's eye's widdened. 
"No way. He gets those once in a while but... you
do know that those things are an aphrodisiac to cabbits right?" Ryoko shook 
her head, "No, but I think Sasami probably does.
Where did you get your's anyway? I thought Washu didn't make any others." 
Nagi laughed. "Yeah well he isn't as powerful as
your Rio-oki, but Ken-oki was made from some of the DNA i found on Jurai 
from Ryo-oki. I figured if I was going after you I'd
need it." They both laughed and patted eachother's backs. "Well too bad 
Ryo-oki is already attatched. So what are you doing
here?" Nagi nodded, "I remembered what the announcer said about this place 
and decided to check it out." Ryoko was about
to continue the conversation when Nobiyuki walked over. "Hey aren't you that 
bounty hunter that won the contest?" Nagi smiled
at him and said, "Yes. Who are you handsome?" Ryoko sighed but grinned and 
introduced him. "This is my father-in-law
Nobiyuki Misaki, an archetect from Earth who is now one of the Jurai royal 
family." Nagi smiled and extended a hand to him.
"Well a pleasure to meet you Nobiyuki. I am Nagi." Nobiyuki kissed her hand 
and smiled. "Would you like to get something to
drink?" Nagi nodded and the two of them left to go to the coffee house next 
door. Ryoko went over to Tenchi and told him what
happened. "I'm not suprised. When he wants to be dad can be pretty charming. 
You remember what he was like when we went
back to stop Kain. He courted my mother and everything." Ryoko nodded and 
kissed his cheek, "I know. It's just hard to
believe that the guy who keeps trying to sneak peaks into our bathroom is 
your dad." They laughed and went over to the
counter to join up with the others.
  They decided to spend the night in their beach house. Nobiyuki had invited 
Nagi to dinner and Ryoko got to talk with her
more. "So Nagi, what are you up to right now? After anybody I know?" Nagi 
smiled." Do you know someone by the name of
Dr.Clay? He escaped from galaxy police prison last month and... whats 
everybody looking at?" Washu stood up and looked at
her carefully. "Dr.Clay! he was caught by Mihoshi and Kyonei when he tried 
to kidnap me for my sister. He's free again?" Nagi
nodded. "He's the guy with the octopus head right? Is there any way you 
could help me find him?" Washu nodded. "Ryoko here
assimilated with his robot. I deactivated the homing device he put in it, 
but I could reactivate it to see if he's still using the same
frequency." Nagi smiled. "Ok, that should work. Thanks for your help. Hey if 
you want any of the bounty I'll be happy to split it
with you." Everyone said no. "We have the entire Jurai treasury. We just 
want to help you catch this guy." Nagi nodded. "Do
you want to wait until tommarow though? I need some sleep if we're gonna go 
catch a wanted felon." Mihoshi said. For once
everyone agreed with her. They all went to sleep, leaving Nagi and Nobiyuki 
talking for quite some time.
  The next day everyone woke up and ate a big breakfast cooked by Sasami. 
Nagi was amazed, "Sasami, that was delicious!
Where did a princess learn to cook so well?" Sasami blushed. "It's kind of a 
hobby of mine and I seem to be good at it. Without
me these guys would starve." Everyone blushed but agreed. "Now Nagi, what do 
you know about Dr.Clay's recent activities?"
Washu asked. "He was last scene in this area. I lost his trail right around 
here so I figured I'd take a day off. He was last seen in
a spaceship in the shape of a woman." Washu nodded. "When was this?" He 
disapeared about three hours before that contest.
I figured that if I entered it and he was on the planet I'd see him there. 
But I got caught up and forgot to realy look." She looked
down blushing at her unprofessional attitude. Washu smiled. "That's alright. 
I should be able to find him." She held up her hands
and her computer appeared. She hit some buttons and looked up. "Well, it 
seems that we have found him?" Everyone listened
in rapt attention. "It seems that he was the announcer for the contest and 
that we have all been catured." Washu his a key and the
hologram outside the windows turned off to reviel the inside of a ship's 
holding area. Suddenly the swimsuits they had bought at
the store turned into a gelatinouse green goo and covered them, freezing 
them in place. A slight clapping sound came to them as
Dr.Clay walked into the room. "Very good Washu. I would have expected no 
less from lady Tokemi's sister. She still want's to
get in touch with you you know. Infact she should be here shortly." Washu 
smiled. "Well Doctor, I see that you did learn some
things from our last encounter." Dr.Clay smiled and laughed evily. "Yes 
Washu. You may have taken my Zero drone from me,
but as they say if you are going to do something right, do it yourself."
  Ryoko and the others had given up trying to get out of their blobs and 
decided to listen to the conversation. "Now Washu I
not only have you but Tsunami and that annoying bounty hunter aswell." Nagi 
snorted and Washu grinned. " But let me guess,
Tokimi said you aren't to harm any of us right?" Clay nodded. "But I can't 
have you escaping or trying to harm me, so i have to
hold you." Washu thought for a second. "If I gave you my word that nobody 
here will harm you or try to take you down in any
way will you let us get back to our meal while we wait for Tokimi?" Dr.Clay 
thought about it for a minute, smelling the good
food. "No tricks?" Washu nodded, "No tricks." Dr.Clay pushed the button on 
the wall and set down with them to get some of
the food. Dr.Clay looked at Sasami. "So you are Tsunami too huh? Guess thats 
why I couldn't find you before." Sasami nodded
and the image of Tsunami appeared above her. "Wow, you realy do look alot 
like lady Tokimi. How is it you people exist? She
told me it was an imposibility, just like those gems on her wrists and 
neck." Dr.Clay pointed at Ryoko. Washu and Tsunami
smiled as Sasami hit his fingers and told him, "Don't point, it's rude." 
Washu looked at Dr.Clay. "It's realy incredibly simple
Doctor. We... or I should say they since I gave my power to Ryoko. Anyway 
they are gods. Beings who were here when the
universes didn't exist and are completely outside the boundries of space, 
time, and all reality. They make the universe and use
both natural forses, magic, and whatever else they can think of to do it." 
Dr.Clay looked at her. "But surely there must be an
explanation! I mean where did they come from?" Washu sighed, "Well before 
anything was here there was not anything or
nothing. There was nothing to comair 'nothing' to so it didn;t exist either. 
So due to paradox something had to come into
existence just for the hell of it. Paradox didn't exist then either which is 
what makes the whole thing work. Once one god came
to be and then another. They were our parent. Most planets have their tales 
of the origen of gods and demons. They are ALL
true." Everyone listend and ate their breakfast. Dr.Clay and Washu continued 
talking with Ryoko and Nagi watching Dr.Clay
very closely. After about an hour, there was a quiet knock on the door.
  Ryo-oki jumped up and went to answer the door. When she opened it a very 
pretty lady in a yellow and white kimono
entered. Dr.Clay got up and bowed, follwed quickly by everyone else except 
Sasami and Washu who ran forward to hug her.
"It had been a long time sisters," little Tokimi said and hugged back. "So 
whats the deal with sending Dr.Clay after us Tokimi?
He almost killed all of us last time." Tokimi glanced at Dr.Clay who stared 
down at his feet. "His instructions were to bring you
to me. I had a party all set up with cake and everything. It was supposed to 
be when you got your memory back. Unfortunately
my servant got a little... over enthusiastic. I had promised him a galaxy if 
he succeded." Washu nodded, "Yeah, old octopus
head always did. But I'm sorry we missed your party." Tokimi sighend and a 
tear went down her cheek, "You didn't even invite
me to your wedding." Washu and Tsunami hugged her and wiped the tears off. 
"We didn't know you wanted to come. We all
thought you were out to kill us or something. In another universe your 
daughter and us had a bit of a skuffle and everything..."
Said Sasami. Tokimi smiled. "Yeah, I'm sorry about that. But the other yous 
are taking good care of my grandaughter. Anyway
I'm so sorry about all of this." Everyone said, "We forgive you." She smiled 
and joined the rest of them at the breakfast table.
"Sisters, why did you choose to leave immortality anyway? In every dimension 
you seem to have a different reason." Washu
thought about it for a minute, "I was curious. And I haven't been 
disapointed yet." Tokimi looked at Sasami and Tsunami. "Well
I saw Sasami here hurt when Kagato attacked Jurai and I just had to help 
her. It was the right thing to do." Tsunami smiled at
Sasami. Washu suddenly stood up. "Tokimi I think you should meet the rest of 
your family. This is Tenchi Misaki, Yosho's
grandson, and my grandson-in-law, son-in-law, and nephew." Tenchi smiled and 
bowed to Tokimi. "This is Yosho, prince of
Jurai, my husband and who knows what else. Tsunami and Sasami's merger made 
this complicated. Ayeaka, my sister-wife.
Nobiyuki, my stepson-in-law and Tenchi's father. Ryoko, my daughter and 
Tenchi's wife." She looked at Sasami to finish the
introductions, "And this is Rio-oki my wife and Washu's daughter plus 
Ryoko's sister. And those are Mihoshi and Kyonei,
Washu's granddaughter and grandaughter in law." Everyone smiled and said how 
happy they were to finally meet her. "We
were on our vacation and had just met Nagi here, Nobiyuki's new girlfriend-" 
Nobiyuki and Nagi blushed but didn't say anything
to the contrary. Nagi asked her, "Um...Miss Tokimi, there is a bounty out on 
Dr.Clay's head. I was wondering if you would
mind me turning him in?" Tokimi smiled and said, "Well ok. I gave him his 
little galaxy already..." She pointed to the bauble
around his neck, "...but could you do me a quick favore first?" Nagi said," 
Sure, what?" Tokimi smiled and winked at Washu.
"Could you call me 'little Tokimi'?"

Chapter 5: One more wedding, a birthday and some Christmas cheer

  A month later things had finally gotten settled down. Dr.Clay was back in 
jail and Nagi had collected a bounty big enough to
last a decade. She and Tokimi were invited to join the honeymoon cruise and 
they agreed. It was a good thing too because a
Kagato from an alternate reality showed up to claim Ryoko. Tokimi quickly 
erased him from existence without anyone even
knowing he'd shown up. Lately she had been helping Washu with her 
experiments. Nagi was hanging out with Nobiyuki and
having a marvelous time. Ken-oki kept away from Sasami and Rio-oki, mostly 
because they realy didn't care for him. Though
Nagi doesn't realy like how he is now addicted to carrots. Mihoshi helped 
Kyonei fix her tan, and tenchi and Ryoko were
currently in Washu's virtualy reality machine training and acting as if they 
were on Earth and training with Yosho.
  Nobiyuki sat in his room looking at the ring in his hand. He wanted to ask 
Nagi to marry him, but wasn't sure how. Sasami
walked past and saw him sitting there and saring into his hand. "What's 
wrong brother?" Nobiyuki smiled at her, still not used to
her calling him brother, "I was thinking how to ask Nagi to marry me. I'm 
having some trouble finding the words." Sasami smiled
and patted his hand. They had been coming to her with any relationship 
problems for a while. Probably because she had the
most bizzare out of all of them. "I'm sure she knows Nobiyuki." He looked at 
her in suprise. "How?"
  Nagi stepped into the door way, "Because I was right behind her in the 
hall. Now are you going to give me that ring or do I
have to take it?" Nobiyuki smiled and walked over to her. Placing the ring 
on her finger and kissed her. Sasami smiled and
hugged them both, "Hey, does this mean Ayeaka has to teach her about Jurai 
too?" Nobiyuki thought about it, but Nagi beat him
to it, "No, i knwo all about Jurai. I had to study them when I was in 
school." Sasami grinned and ran off to tell the others about
the engagement. Everyone congradualted the happy couple and invited them to 
get married right then and there so they could
enjoy their honeymoon too.( Yes I am quite aware that I am marrying everyone 
off, but hey, this is the best way considering the
title).
  They all stopped off at a trader world to pick up suples and presents for 
the wedding. Tokimi, who had missed the last one,
was going to marry the happy couple and the others renewed their vows. After 
the party had died down Washu got up to make
an anouncement. "Well, I have good news everybody. Ryoko, Kyonei, Ayeaka, 
myself, and Nagi are pregnant!" Everyone
looked at her strangely. Mihoshi gently raised her hand, "Um... Miss Washu, 
how is it that Kyonei is pregnant?" They all looked
at Washu, who motioned for Kyonei to speak. "Well you see Mihoshi, as a 
suprise I asked Washu to use some of your DNA so
we could have a baby." Mihoshi hugged her enthsiastically and everyone 
congradualted all the lucky parents to be. Then Kyonei
brought out her karioki machine and they all took turns singing, ending with 
the three goddess sisters singing the lulluby that
Washu had song to Tenchi's baby cousin. Everyone fell asleep almost 
immediately. "We still got it sisters." Said all three of them.
  The next week was Ryoko's birthday and everyone got her something special. 
Sasami gave her a story book that she drew and
wrote herself, featuring Ryoko as a princess rescued from an evil man by a 
prince who looked alot like Tenchi. Washu and her
sisters had made her her own galaxy in a necklass just like the one Dr.Clay 
had. Inside was another group just like theirs having
all sorts of new adventures that she could watch any time. Tenchi, Nobiyuki, 
and Yosho had made her a photo album of her life
with them, and Nagi gave her a music box that played a song she had written 
in her free time just for the occasion. Ryoko
hugged everyone as tears fell from here eye's, "Thank you all. I've never 
had a birthday party before." Sasami left and wheeled in
a cake with candled in the shape of a 2004 on top, "Make a wish Ryoko." 
Ryoko smiled and blew out the candles. Suddenly
alot of gifts landed in everyone's lap. "My wish was that you all get 
presents too" Tsunami smiled and they all opened their gifts.

  The next month they had stopped by a planet in the Polaris system. It was 
almost Christmas and everyone was excited. They
had been having ton's of parties since this entire experience had started 
and had many more to come between birthdays and
holidays. They decided to give each one due consideration. Tokimi asked what 
the point of Christmas was and Tenchi explained
that it was originaly supposed to signal the birth of Christ, that son of 
Jehovah and the original reason for Christienity. "Oh I
remember Jehovah. He always did get a little carried away, but you said 
'originaly'. What is it now?" Tenchi thought and said,
"Well now a days everyone is in on it because it means family togetherness 
and presents and stuff. It's a tradition that has been
around since... about when Ryoko was born." Tenchi smiled and hugged his 
wife. Ayeaka (who i know I havn'e mentioned for
a bit) said, "I remember the first Christmas we had when we were on Earth. 
Ypu had to untangle all those lights and set them up
all over the place... Hey, how about we go back to Earth for Christmas? Then 
we could continue our trip." Everyone agreed that
that was a marvelouse idea. By the time they reached Earth, it was a week to 
Christmas. "We have alot to do to get done in
time," Tenchi said. "Would you girls mind getting the lights and ornaments 
out hile we go look for a tree?" They all agreed and
got to work. The house itself was in fairly good condition. The android 
Nobiyuki that Washu had left to take care of things while
they were on their trip had been programed to clean house. Fortunately he 
didn't need to eat so by the time they were back for
good Nobiyuki could retire.
  Ryoko and Ayeaka got into a fight over which of the would get the lights 
down and which the ornaments. It went of for an
hour durring which Sasami had gotten both down. Tokimi laughed watching them 
fight like that realizing that neither of them was
realy trying. Finaly they got tired and cold so decided to come in and help 
untangle the lights. It took a long time and they were
all wiped out by the end of it. Tokimi had decided not to use any of her 
powers since this was part of the fun and something she
hadn't done before, "Washu, i begin to see why you became human. So many new 
things to do." Washu nodded, "Yeah, I
have had more fun and pain as a human than at any time in my life." Tokimi 
looked at her, "Pain? What pain?" So Washu sat her
down and told her how her son and husband had been taken from her, how 
Kagato had stolen her daughter, and all the other
horrible things she had had to put up with and do. "That's awfull Washu. Did 
you ever find your son?" Washu shook her head
no, "I was held by Kagato too long. My son died just after and I never saw 
him again." Washu cried slightly and rubbed her
slightly swollen belly, "but still despie my regrets, life is good. My 
daughter is happy, my family has grown enormously, and I'm
gonna have even more members real soon." Tokimi reached out and rubbed 
Washu's belly too, "Do you think I could help you
raise this one? I have been very lonely since you and Tsunami left." Washu 
hugged her, "Ofcourse you can!"

  On Christmas eve, everyone was excited. Sasami has made a duck and a ton 
of other things. Asuza, Misaki, and Funaho had
been invited to dinner. "So how is the honeymoon going so far everybody?" 
Asuza asked.
Tenchi and the others all started chatting away telling him all about the 
swimsuit contest, Dr.Clay, Tokimi, and almost everything
else. Except ofcourse for the orgy. Asuza stood up and bowed to lady Tokimi, 
"A pleasure to meet you. We have never had so
much... divine interaction with the family before now." He also made sure to 
bow to Washu and Tsunami so that it was clear he
meant them too. Funaho and Misaki had started trading information with 
Ayeaka and Washu. Sasami smiled and listened to
everyone praise her cooking. "Rio-oki helped too, after Washu made her a 
full body hair net ofcourse." She hugged Rio-oki
and then gasped, "Dad, you and Auntie Funaho and Misaki are under the 
mistletoe!" Asuza looked up, "Is that what that plant
is? What does it mean?" Sasami laughed and looked at Funaho. "Sorry Sasami, 
but I don't know either. I get the feeling this
tradition is after my time." Sasami rolled over laughing so Rio-oki took it 
on herself to explain about the mistletoe, "Myah, myah
meowmyah, mewow, mow!" Asuza and the others looked at her strangely and then 
glanced at Ryoko for help. At this point
everyone was laughing. Asuza and his wavies were begining to feel distressed 
that they had made some kind of mistake in
decorem. "What the blazzes is going on?" Asuza asked. Everyone calmed down 
and Tenchi said, "Well, if your under the
mistletoe then you have to kiss the next person you see." Asuza smiled 
finaly understanding and looked back and forth between
his wives unable to decide which to kiss first. Tenchi and Yosho shot 
eachother a glance, completely understanding his situation.
Finaly Misaki and Funaho grabbed him by either side and kissed him hard at 
the same time. "Realy husband, you'd think that by
now you'd know we wouldn't get jealous." Asuza and Yosho snorted at the same 
time and got an evil glance from each of their
wives in return.
  The next morning everyone went to open their gifts. (Lot's of presents in 
this story huh?) Everyone had gotten everyone else
something. There were just too many presents for me to mention, but there is 
one that requires special attention. After hearing
what Tsunami had done for the family and their wedding, she had come up with 
the perfect gift for Washu. She summoned her
son's spirit and allowed Washu and Ryoko to finaly meet and talk with him. 
Even Mihoshi said hello to her grandfather.
Everyone had a great time and Asuza as a present gave them an extra month 
for their vacation.
  Tenchi and Ryoko sat out on the roof, staring up a the winter nights sky. 
"You know Tenchi, there is a whole universe out
there, places that neither you or I could ever dream of. Do you think... 
maybe that we could see it all? Someday I mean."
Tenchi smiled and leaned over to kiss her, "Yes Ryoko. I promise one day we 
will have gone everywhere. And then after we're
all done, we can come back here to stay." Ryoko smiled and hugged him. 
"Thanks, but how are we going to do that? You have
to run the shrine after Yosho is gone and then take over the thrown..." 
Tenchi silenced her with a finger on her lips and smiled.
"It's all taken care of. Asuza is going to take over the shrine, and incase 
you forgot, both Washu and Ayeaka are providing more
immediate heirs than me as we speak." Ryoko laughed and hugged him tight. 
"Oh this will be so great! Raising our baby in the
stars and finding out everything. Oh Tenchi, have I ever told you how much I 
love you?" Tenchi nodded and smiled. "Every day.
But you have to start taking it easy for a while. You don't want your's and 
Ayeaka's fighting to hurrt the babies do you?" Ryoko
shook her head and then layed back, staring into the starry sky.

Chapter 6: A funeral and a new adventure.

  The honeymoon was over. Tenchi and the others returned from their final 
trip to Altaras 4. Asuza and his wives had moved
into the shrine in his place and were getting used to running it. Washu and 
her sisters had shaped the dimensions of the house to
corespond to both the Juraian royal palace and Tenchi and Ryoko's space 
ship, so that nobody was too far from home.
  Yosho had to set up a funeral for himself. The fake him Washu had left in 
the shrine took his place in the coffin. It was all in all
a beutiful cervice. Tenchi's aunt and young cousin Toro had shown up along 
with many other people who had known Yosho
through the years. She had noticed something about the real Yosh that nobody 
else had though, "You look just like him when he
was a yongue man." Yosho just smiled at Tenchi claimed him as an uncle. 
Azaka and Kamidaki who had been left to take care
of the house, stayed where they were. Tenchi and Yosho had an very 
interesting conversation durring the wake.
  "Tenchi, there is something I think you should know. You are way better 
than I was with a sword. You surpassed me years
ago and would have kicked me from here to Jurai if we had fought before." 
Tenchi looked at him in shock, "Then how come I
still can't beat you? Even with Ryoko's help." Ryoko had heard this and 
stood next to Tenchi waiting for the answer too. "It's
because I have been training with both of you. I've gotten alot better 
because of it." Ryoko and Tenchi laughed and then looked
chargrin as they got looks from the other people at the funeral. Tenchi 
turned back to his grandfather. "You aren't going to be
trying to get me to take the trown are you? " Yosho smiled and shook his 
head, "No, you and Ryoko will be busy enoough. If
you thought you had problems with assasins and evil aliens before, just 
immagine how many of Asuza's enemies will be by to
get him? Besides, I think Ryoko wouldn't let you accept the thrown. Conquer 
it maybe, but take it normaly?" They both smiled
and glanced her way. She was trading stories with Nagi again, who had talked 
Nobiyuki into becoming her partner in the bounty
hunter buisness. Washu had increased his lifespan to match nagi's and they 
seemed happy about it.
  Tenchi looked back at his grandfather, "Why do I get the feeling you wont 
fight very hard if we do try?" Yosho patted Tenchi's
back, "You got me. Uncovered my first conspiracy in less than ten minutes. 
But do you think Sasami would lend her Rio-oki for
the time it would take to do that?" They looked at the happy couple. Sasami 
had fully merged with Tsunami durring the trip and
had still maintaned her own personality. Nothing had realy changed though, 
despite all this.

  They still lived in the same house, just with afew extra rooms. Washu and 
her sisters are still tinkering around with time and
space, helping Tenchi and the others keep peace in the universe. Tecni and 
Ryoko enjoy their days traveling the stars and living
on Earth at the same time. They never miss a carnival or a meal that Sasami 
and Ryo-oki's cooking. Yosho had his hands full
running the universe, but managed to get more free time than Asuza had. 
Asuza and his wives run and take care of the shrine.
The girls all had their babies on the same day, one after the other. Ayeaka 
gave birth to Ryoenchi, a boy. Washu had Tokili, a
girl and Tokimi almost broke down in tears of joy. Nagi had Nauki, Tenchi's 
new little brother. And Ryoko had twins, Ayea and
Tenko, two adorable baby girls. Kyonei and Mihoshi's son Mihoki was just as 
cute at the others with a blonde stripe in his green
hair.
Sasami and Ryo-oki were ofcourse happy for them, but not about to be 
outdone. Ryo-oki laid an egg a week later and a cute
little blue furred, red eyed, cabbit. Everyone was suprised, especialy since 
Washu hadn't helped them out. "Well sister, I'm a
goddess too. You don't think I can't do this sort of thing?"
  So they all lived happily ever after... despite the constant monster 
attacks.

Author's notes

Ok, ok. I know some of it got a little mushy, and there wasn't much action, 
but can you think of a better way to end it? If so,
write your own fic. Anything you wish to say about mine can be sent to 
clayton_n@hotmail.com


