Okay, this is my first Tenchi fan fic.  In fact, this is my first fan fic 
of any kind, so please send me comments, criticism, and suggestions to 
help me with my writing.  By the way, it's okay if you want to post this 
story on your site, but please ask me first.  

Legal disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are property of Pioneer
and AIC.  However, this story is mine.  Please don't sue me, because I'm 
just writing this for fun.  In fact, I really should be doing my homework 
right now.   (Hey, that's another reason why I shouldn't be sued: I'm 
just a poor student with no money!)

This story is set in the OAV reality, and takes place one year after 
Manatsu no Eve.  If you'd like to read a fan fic that combines the OAV 
and TV series, you might want to try "Tenchi Muyo!: in Return to Jurai" 
by AleeN.  It can also be found on GenSao's page.  Now, on with the 
story!  (Finally!)

Confess to You: Chapter One - A Teardrop, Followed by Many More
By Literary Eagle (literaryeagle@hotmail.com)

	Water ... it never stopped ebbing and flowing, sometimes 
sustaining life, sometimes ending it.  Whether it was the tiniest 
drip or the crash of a mighty wave, any sound water made was a song, 
to those who knew how to listen.  Even the ice-bearing comets in the 
soundless vacuum of space were a part of the endless symphony, if 
one knew just how to listen.  
	It was water that nourished Jurai's legendary space trees ... 
water, and the powers of a goddess.  However, the goddess Tsunami was 
not thinking about Jurai right now.  From her otherworldly sanctuary, 
Tsunami listened to the ebb and flow of the waters on planet Earth, 
and asked the same question that she had whispered every day for quite 
some time: "Tenchi ... will this be the day?"  
	Tsunami told herself that even if it was not the day that she 
hoped for, there was still time.  Just as the water would continue with 
its ebb and flow, Tsunami could continue to wait.  However, the truth 
refused to be ignored, and pushed its way into her thoughts yet again.  
Deep down, she knew that there was another goddess who could NOT wait 
much longer.  
	Tsunami sighed.  Perhaps it was time to take a more direct 
approach.  She thought of everything that must be done, and of her 
unfortunate sister... 
	A single teardrop formed in the corner of Tsunami's eye, and 
with a thought she made it dematerialize.  The teardrop of the goddess 
reappeared on the Earth, second home to Princess Sasami.  The young 
girl was busily setting the table with her latest meal, her latest 
masterpiece.  

	"Dinner's ready!" Sasami called out as she finished preparations.  
She enjoyed cooking for everyone in the house.  She was fond of saying 
that it was a way to make up for the fact that her arms weren't big 
enough to hug all of them at once.  Cooking for so many people certainly 
was hard work, though.  Sasami shook her head to make herself feel more 
awake.  She did not notice a tiny drop of water appearing out of thin air 
and falling into Tenchi's teacup.  
	The members of the Masaki household flocked to the table.  "Wow, 
this looks great, Sasami!" said Mihoshi, her eyes shining with eagerness.  
The others were quick to voice their agreement.  Sitting in her 
highchair, little Mayuka laughed with delight to see her family looking 
so happy.  In her humanoid toddler form, Ryo-Oh-Ki laughed along with her.  
Nobuyuki moved the vegetable platter closer to the cabbit-girl.  
	"I can't wait!" said Tenchi, kneeling at his usual spot at the 
table.  Kiyone nodded and also knelt at the table.  The food smelled 
especially good tonight.  Washu rubbed her hands together with 
anticipation.  It was unfortunate that Katsuhito had decided to work
late at the shrine office.  However, Sasami had prepared so much food 
that there were sure to be leftovers that he could enjoy later.  
	"Bon appetit!" everyone shouted, and then the room was filled 
with the clatter of chopsticks and the buzz of voices complimenting 
Sasami's work.  Ryoko emptied her bowl of food in three quick gulps, 
then helped herself to seconds.  Ayeka ate at a more leisurely pace, 
although that certainly didn't mean that she liked the food any less.  
	At first, Tenchi attacked the meal with the same enthusiasm as 
everyone else, but as time went on, he began to feel unusually tired.  
He excused himself from the table and, after reassuring everyone that 
he was all right, went up to his room and slid the door shut behind him.  
Tenchi didn't even make it to the bed.  He sank to the floor and fell 
asleep immediately.  

**********************************************************

	Tenchi knew that he was dreaming.  He recognized the scene in his 
dream as one of his earliest memories.  Tenchi saw himself as a small boy, 
looking at someone else, a woman.  The woman was beautiful.  Her 
lavender kimono nicely complimented her soft gray hair.  She was shading
herself with an umbrella.  The woman closed her eyes with contentment 
and smiled.  
	She was one of the most special people that Tenchi had ever 
known.  She was someone that Tenchi loved dearly, someone who had been 
taken away from him much too soon.  In Tenchi's eyes, she had always been 
an angel.  Whether an angel on Earth or an angel in Heaven, she would 
always be Tenchi's mother.  Tenchi watched his younger self run up to 
her, arms outstretched.  All too soon, the image of the happy memory 
faded, and Tenchi's dream changed to another, more recent memory.  
	This woman was also beautiful.  The lavender kimono nicely 
complimented her cyan hair.  Light from the window behind her made it 
seem as if she were glowing.  Her eyes were closed with contentment.  
Tenchi watched himself again, this time only a few years younger than 
his present age.  "Huh?" his younger self said, staring like an idiot 
at the woman.  Finally, he managed to say her name.  "R-Ryoko?"  Ryoko 
looked at the younger Tenchi, smiled, and asked him a question.  Tenchi 
saw himself move closer to Ryoko.  He recalled that he had been trying 
to decide if he should tell her how beautiful she looked, or scold her 
for putting on his mother's kimono without asking.  
	What kind of dream was this?  Why did he need to see this memory
played before him?  The dream progressed exactly as Tenchi remembered 
the event.  Ryoko tore both sleeves off the kimono, and Tenchi tried 
desperately to wake up and end the dream, for he knew what was going to 
happen next.  But the dream did not end, and he was forced to see and 
hear all of it.  Tenchi saw himself turn away from her, sputtering 
angrily.  "Oh, you!" he said, "I hate you!  I hate you!"
	Tenchi then watched himself run out the room after Ryo-Oh-Ki.  
Ryoko stayed there, stunned, tears flowing out of her eyes.  Tenchi felt 
intense guilt for having lost his temper the way he had on that day.  
_I know, I know,_ Tenchi felt like telling his subconscious, _I shouldn't 
have said that to her.  Why are you making me relive this now?_
	The scenery changed once again.  This one was a much earlier 
memory than the one with Ryoko.  Tenchi saw himself as a small boy again, 
hovering near his mother.  She was resting on a futon in his 
grandfather's home.  Their visit was not as much fun as young Tenchi had 
thought it would be.  "Mommy, c'mon, let's go play!" he said, tugging on 
her hand.  His mother looked at him with sad, weary eyes and said that 
she was too tired.  _Oh God, no, not this!_ Tenchi thought desperately.  
He remembered what he had said next.  _Don't make me see this!_
	Young Tenchi's eyes filled with angry tears.  "All you ever want 
to do now is sleep!" he shouted, "I hate you!"  He ran out of the room.  
Tenchi's mother remained on the futon and sighed, closing her eyes, too 
tired to even cry.  _Stop this!  Please stop this!_ Tenchi tried to 
scream, _I don't want to see anymore!_  This had happened only a few days 
before Tenchi's mother died, only a few days before the angel had flown 
away.  
	The scene changed yet again.  Tenchi saw his younger self on the 
day of his mother's death.  It was snowing.  Young Tenchi was crying 
outside of the cave, which had been one of his favorite places to play.  
To his amazement, Tenchi saw the air near his younger self begin to 
shimmer.  A transparent Ryoko appeared beside the small boy.  She tried 
to place her hand on the crying child, but could not actually touch him.  
When he raised his little head, she tried to wipe his tears away, but 
could not.  "I'm sorry," she said, even though young Tenchi could not 
hear her, "I wish I could comfort you right now.  I'm so sorry!"
	_Did this really happen?_ Tenchi thought, _Was Ryoko actually 
there with me?_  The dream changed once more.  Again, Tenchi saw himself 
yelling at Ryoko, "I hate you!  I hate you!".  
	_No!  Stop it!_ Tenchi's mind screamed, _Stop!_

**********************************************************

	Tenchi's eyes flew open.  He was lying on his side, still on the 
bedroom floor.  His could feel tears sliding across his face.  "Oh God," 
he whimpered, "what a fool I've been."
	Tenchi rolled over onto his back and stared up at the ceiling.  
If there was anyone he felt like hating at that moment, it was himself.  
It had been a long time since Tenchi remembered that one of the last 
things he had said to his mother was that he hated her.  "Mom," he said 
in a whisper, "Mom, I'm sorry..."
	He had told his mother many times that he loved her, but he felt 
that it had never been enough.  He could never tell her again.  Then 
Tenchi thought of Ryoko.  He had never even once let her know how he felt 
about her...
	Ryoko had changed since Tenchi's baby "daughter" Mayuka had 
joined the family about a year ago.  Oh, Ryoko could still be quite 
outgoing and mischievous, but her fights with Ayeka had become less 
frequent and far less severe.  The last major fight between the girls had
ended with Washu smashing huge flower pots over both their heads and 
saying sternly, "No fighting when there's a baby in the house!".  
	Washu's tactic had worked.  After all, Ryoko certainly was fond 
of little Mayuka.  Over the past year, Ryoko had done her best to help 
take care of her (though not without a few mishaps).  She had even 
reconciled somewhat with her long-lost mother Washu, since she needed to 
spend more time with her to learn how to care for a baby.  In fact, it 
was now Ryoko and Washu who worked the hardest at looking after Mayuka.  
Perhaps it was through caring for the baby that Ryoko and Washu made up 
for the "quality time" that they never had before.  They still argued at 
times, and Washu still hid in her lab now and then, but at least they 
were trying very hard to work out their differences.  At any rate, 
Tenchi was happy for Ryoko, knowing that at least she had been given a 
second chance with her mother.  
	Not only had Ryoko changed, but Tenchi's feelings for her had 
changed as well.  No, wait, that wasn't it.  Those feelings for her had 
existed before; it was simply that they had grown stronger over the past 
year.  But why hadn't he TOLD her that?  
	Tenchi couldn't figure out how he had managed to fall asleep on 
the floor, but he did understand what his dream had been trying to tell 
him.  Over the years, Tenchi had learned to accept the fact that things 
could not always be explained, and the strangeness of the dream didn't make 
the truth of its message any less important.  His mother had died before 
he could tell her, one last time, that he loved her.  He had never 
actually told Ryoko how he felt about her, and if she had been killed by 
Dr. Clay or by Yuzuha...
	It was a different kind of love, for a different kind of woman, 
but even still the situation was all too similar.  Tenchi knew that he 
had to do something about it as soon as possible.  His unexpected nap had 
left him feeling unusually energetic.  Getting up off the floor, Tenchi 
sat down at his desk and began writing.  He never had been a particularly 
good speaker, so he tried to write down all that he wanted to tell Ryoko.  
He wanted to be sure to say everything just right.  
	As he wrote, Tenchi thought about the one part of his dream that 
hadn't been one of his memories.  The image of Ryoko trying to console 
his younger self puzzled him.  Tenchi told himself that it was just the 
way that dreams were, but he couldn't bring himself to believe that.  
After all, the rest of the dream had been accurate.  
	Thinking hard, Tenchi suddenly remembered something that Ryoko 
had said to him a few months earlier.  It had been a nice spring night, 
and Ryoko had invited him to accompany her to a clearing in the woods 
to drink sake.  He had been reluctant at first, but had decided to go 
with her as a way of saying thanks for her taking good care of Mayuka.  
As they drank under the stars, Ryoko had begun to talk more openly than 
she usually did.  She had mentioned something about watching over him 
when he was a little boy!  
	_Now why didn't I remember that until now?_ Tenchi asked himself.  
It occurred to him that the reason was probably because most of his 
memories of that night were kind of fuzzy, although Washu had later told 
him that Ryoko had carried him home while he had been drunkenly singing 
something about carrot cake.  One thing Tenchi did remember was that 
Washu had cared for Mayuka alone the next day.  This was because Ryoko 
had looked after him, since he had been suffering from his first 
hangover.  He certainly had appreciated her help.  Of course, he would 
have been even happier if she hadn't let him get so drunk in the first 
place, but anyway...

	It was a few hours later when Tenchi finally decided that what 
he had written was exactly what he wanted to say.  He folded the piece 
of paper and put it into his pocket.  Now all he had to do was find Ryoko 
and find a place for them to talk.  Tenchi opened his door and 
stepped out into the hall.  
	The door to one of the other rooms was slightly open.  Tenchi 
could hear Ayeka's gentle voice coming from the room.  She was reading 
a bedtime story to Sasami and Ryo-Oh-Ki.  This made Tenchi stop in his 
tracks.  Ayeka.  She was one of the reasons why he had not spoken to 
Ryoko about his feelings sooner.  Listening to the sound of Ayeka's 
voice, Tenchi imagined her soft lips moving as she read the story, and 
her delicate hands turning the pages...
	He knew that he wasn't in love with Ayeka.  What made Tenchi 
hesitate was the knowledge that what he was about to do would 
undoubtedly hurt the gentle princess.  To make matters worse, she had 
already loved someone who had not returned that love.  Yosho.  Tenchi 
could understand why his grandfather had not wanted to return to Jurai, 
but he also knew how upset Ayeka had been when she had found out that 
his grandfather had been hiding his identity from her.  
	_But if grandpa hurt Ayeka when he hid the truth_ Tenchi thought 
to himself, _then I wouldn't be any better if I kept pretending that I 
didn't have feelings for someone else.  If I don't go through with this, 
it would be unfair to both Ryoko and Ayeka._
	Tenchi realized that the day he had said those horrible words
to his mother had played a crucial role in shaping his personality.  He 
had hesitated in expressing his feelings concerning Ryoko and Ayeka 
because he was so terribly afraid of hurting anyone again.  However, 
because he had waited so long, his decision would be even harder for 
Ayeka to take.  "What a fool I've been," Tenchi said to himself again.  
	Taking a deep breath, Tenchi strode down the hall and knocked on 
one of the doors, the one that led to the room set aside for Mayuka.  
Washu opened the door and smiled at him.  "Hey, Tenchi," she said, "come 
on in.  We're just about ready to put Mayuka to bed."
	Tenchi followed the little redheaded scientist into the room.  
The walls were decorated with posters of various anime characters.  
Washu began to place several plush toys (one of them was a crab) into 
Mayuka's crib.  Above the crib was a mobile with little plastic cabbits 
in every color of the rainbow.  On the floor near the crib lay a futon, 
because Ryoko often slept in Mayuka's room now, instead of on that 
wooden beam downstairs.  
	Tenchi saw Ryoko rocking Mayuka back and forth in her arms, 
singing to the baby.  He had heard her sing to his daughter every night, 
but he never tired of hearing her rich, low voice fill his mind with 
images of stars and happy dreams.  
	How long ago was it when Tenchi had first seen a hint of this 
side of Ryoko?  How long had it taken before he had been able to see 
beyond the "devil-princess and space pirate"?  Was it the time she had 
desperately attempted to mend his mother's kimono, even though she 
couldn't sew?  No, it was earlier than that.  It was on the day that 
he had died trying to save her from the tyrannical Kagato.  That 
frightened look on her face before Kagato had stunned her and taken 
her away ...  It was only because of the mysterious Tsunami that Tenchi 
had been given a second chance at life.  A second chance at life with 
Ryoko.  Tenchi couldn't believe that he used to undervalue Ryoko's 
declarations of love, mistakenly thinking that she didn't know what love 
was.  
	Once she had finished singing, Ryoko handed the baby over to 
Washu.  "Look, Mom, she's asleep," she whispered.  
	Washu's green eyes always lit up whenever Ryoko called her "Mom".  
It was a sight that always made Tenchi happy, but this time he was too 
busy looking at Ryoko.  "Um, Ryoko," he said, "could I talk with you for 
a bit?  Privately?"  
	"Go ahead," said Washu, "I'll finish up here."
	"Thanks, Mom," said Ryoko, heading for the door.  
	Tenchi walked over to Washu and Mayuka.  "Goodnight, Little 
Washu," he said.  He leaned in closer to the baby in her arms and gently 
kissed the blue-haired infant on the forehead.  "Goodnight, my little 
Mayuka."  
	Tenchi then followed Ryoko out into the hall.  He heard Washu's 
voice coming through the door, saying, "Don't stay up too late, little 
Ryoko."
	Ryoko grimaced slightly.  Tenchi grinned and they both went 
downstairs.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were in the living room, watching a soap 
opera marathon on TV.  They didn't notice Tenchi and Ryoko slip outside.  

	The skies were cloudy, and no stars were visible.  It was not the 
perfect summer night that Tenchi had hoped for, but it would have to do.  
Tenchi carefully led Ryoko a short distance away from the house.  He then 
stopped walking and faced her.  In the darkness, he could barely make out 
her facial features at all.  Still, that did not help to ease his 
nervousness.  He could not bring himself to say anything to her.  
	"What's the matter," asked Ryoko, "Washu got your tongue?"  
Tenchi managed a weak little laugh.  Ryoko's voice sounded dead serious 
as she said, "No, really, has Washu got your tongue?  Mom's been lonely 
lately, so she's constructing a new husband out of Juraian body parts."  
This time she succeeded in getting a good laugh out of Tenchi.  
He relaxed somewhat.  
	"I have something that I'd like to say to you," Tenchi began, 
reaching into his pocket and pulling out the piece of paper that he had 
written on.  He unfolded the paper, then almost let out an 
uncharacteristic string of swear words.  It was too dark outside for 
Tenchi to be able to read the paper!  
	"Um, I think we're going to have to go back to the house," Tenchi 
muttered.  He led Ryoko to the large windows outside the living room.  
Tenchi had decided that there was enough light coming from the windows 
to read by, and that Mihoshi and Kiyone were too engrossed in the soap 
opera to notice anything else.  Besides, even if they turned around, 
all they'd see would be their reflections.  With one hand Tenchi slowly 
reached out and touched Ryoko's face.  In his other hand he held the 
paper.  He prepared to read.  "Um ... Ryoko, I'd like to start by 
saying I'm sorry that I didn't tell you this sooner..." He paused and 
looked into her beautiful golden eyes.  

	Meanwhile, Mihoshi and Kiyone were watching the soap opera with 
their mouths hanging open.  It was at a really juicy part now!  Mihoshi 
leaned forward and accidentally knocked the TV remote off the armrest of 
the couch.  The volume of the TV shot up to full blast.  "Mihoshi!  What 
did you do?" Kiyone exclaimed.  
	Mihoshi picked up the remote and tried to lower the volume, but 
it didn't seem to be working.  Kiyone snatched the remote out of her 
hand and tried to lower the volume herself, but nothing was happening.  
"Great," said Kiyone, "I think you broke it!"  
	"Just what is all this noise about?" said Ayeka, coming down 
the stairs.  
	"Yeah, some of us are trying to sleep," said Sasami, following 
her sister.  Ryo-Oh-Ki, in cabbit form, miya-ed in agreement from her 
position on top of Sasami's head.  
	"Hey, what's the big idea?" Washu exclaimed, coming down the 
stairs with a crying Mayuka in her arms, "You woke up the baby!"
	"What's all this commotion?" asked Nobuyuki, coming down after 
Washu.  
	"It's okay," Kiyone said quickly, "everything's under control." 
She got up and pressed one of the buttons on the TV.  The volume 
returned to a lower level.  
	"Yay!" said Mihoshi, "problem solved!"  She clapped her hands 
in delight.  
	The lamp, which was operated by a clapper, promptly turned off.  
With the light in the room dimmed, the reflection on the windows faded 
and it was easier to see outside.  "Huh?" said Sasami, staring at the 
windows.  Everyone turned to see what Sasami was looking at.  They saw 
Tenchi standing there, gently caressing Ryoko's face.  Everyone's 
mouths dropped open.  

	Tenchi became slightly annoyed when he noticed that the light 
was gone, except for the dim, flickering light of the TV.  He turned 
his head to see what was going on ... and saw the entire household 
staring at him.  To make matters worse, the soap opera characters 
on the TV were engaged in something that made Tenchi feel a 
nosebleed coming on.  Suddenly, Ryoko wrapped her strong arms around 
Tenchi and flew off.  He let out a startled yelp as he was lifted 
into the sky.  

	Everyone inside the house flocked to the windows, but the two 
had already disappeared.  They began to buzz excitedly about what they 
had just seen.  Ayeka, however, remained on the stairs.  No one 
noticed as she sat down, held her head in her hands, and let out a 
defeated little sigh.  

	In Ryoko's arms, Tenchi was still shaking from the shock of 
getting yanked into the air so suddenly.  "It was getting too 
crowded back there, don't you think?" Ryoko asked, about to carry 
Tenchi through the clouds.  She wrapped her tail playfully around 
his waist.  
	Tenchi blinked when he heard Ryoko begin to sing.  It was 
the same song that she sang to Mayuka every night.  Now that they 
were through the clouds, the stars were visible.  As they flew, 
Ryoko kept singing about stars and happy dreams ... before Tenchi 
knew it, he was singing along with her, his soft, trembling voice 
joining with hers.  Tenchi decided that it was the perfect summer 
night after all.  
	When the song was done, Ryoko began to descend.  She 
carried Tenchi back through the clouds, and went down to the 
same clearing where they had gone to drink sake.  "Now, I 
believe you wanted to tell me something?" said Ryoko, setting 
Tenchi down onto the ground.  
	Feeling much more relaxed, Tenchi prepared to read to 
her ... and almost let out that string of swear words again.  
It was still too dark for him to read the paper!  
	Tenchi yelped as Ryoko suddenly fired a small energy blast 
from her hand.  It struck the paper and turned it to ashes.  "Tenchi," 
Ryoko said solemnly, "just say what's in your heart."  
	_She knows_ Tenchi thought to himself.  _Oh, for crying out 
loud, of course she knows!  She's not an idiot!_  
	Tenchi thought of all the things that he wanted to say to her.  
Where to begin?  Finally, Tenchi decided to say the one thing that 
mattered.  Something so simple sounding, and yet so sincere.  Why had 
he taken this long?  That wasn't important anymore.  All that mattered 
was this: "Ryoko ... I love you."  
	Tenchi felt embarrassed as tears began to trickle down his 
face.  Ryoko, evidently having better night vision than he did, 
reached out and gently brushed the tears away.  "You don't know how 
long I've wanted to be able to do this," she said, her voice shaking.  
Tenchi almost said that yes, he did know.  Instead, he pressed his lips 
against hers.  
	Ryoko's breath quickened with joy, warming Tenchi's face in the
cool night.  Tenchi placed his arms on her back, and was surprised to 
find that the powerful muscles there were trembling.  He felt Ryoko 
changing her position slightly, and then her hands coming to rest on his
shoulders, lightly caressing them.  Moments later, Tenchi tasted 
something warm and salty that had slid past the corner of Ryoko's lip.  
It was a teardrop.  
	Startled, he broke off the kiss and pulled back slightly.  
Had he done something wrong?  Ryoko's grip on Tenchi's shoulders 
tightened just a little, as she pulled him back to her in a close
embrace.  Her breath came out in rapid little gasps, sounding quite
different from the singing her strong voice had produced only moments 
before.  As he had with the song, Tenchi suddenly added his voice
to Ryoko's, so that the two of them were both somehow crying and 
laughing at the same time.  The reason for this strange new music was 
not a complete mystery to Tenchi:
	At last, Ryoko's dream had come true.  
	At last, Tenchi realized just how much this had been his dream 
as well.  

	Water ... Tsunami could feel the tears of joy being shared by 
Ryoko and Tenchi, and sighed happily.  The goddess had merely given 
Tenchi a message.  His actions had been up to him.  She was relieved 
that he had made the choice that she had hoped for.  "Well done, 
Tenchi," Tsunami whispered, "Now, at last, I can proceed with my plan.  
Tokimi ... it has finally begun."  

	When Tenchi and Ryoko returned home, holding hands, everyone 
was waiting for them in the living room.  "Well done, Tenchi!" exclaimed 
Nobuyuki.  Tenchi had an embarrassed smile on his face as everyone gave 
his or her congratulations.  Just then, he noticed Ayeka wordlessly 
going up the stairs.  
	_Oh, no_, thought Tenchi, preparing to go up after her.  He 
stopped when he felt a small hand grab his wrist.  He turned and saw 
that it was Washu.  
	"Leave her alone for now," Washu said gently, "let her have 
some time alone."  Tenchi reluctantly stayed where he was, hoping 
that Washu was right.  

	Even though nobody else was in the hall, Ayeka remained silent 
and composed as she walked towards her bedroom.  She quietly entered the 
room and lay down on her futon.  It was only then that she let out a 
small whimper, and finally the tears came.  The tears flowed out until 
she almost thought that she could drown in them, and still they kept 
coming.  
	A worried Sasami came into the room a while later.  She found 
her older sister lying perfectly still, staring at the ceiling.  The 
constant flow of tears was the only indication that Ayeka was 
still alive.  As impossible as it might seem, Ayeka made absolutely no
sound.  It was as if all her songs had been silenced, her tears 
becoming her voice.  

TO BE CONTINUED

Next chapter: Why the heck is Tsunami playing matchmaker with Tenchi 
and Ryoko?  What are her plans for Ayeka?  Stay tuned for Chapter 2 
of Confess to You, "Most Noble Princess"!  

Author's notes: I got the title "Confess to You" from a lovely picture 
I saw of Tenchi and Ryoko getting married.  Actually, now that I think 
of it, Nagi and Ken-Oh-Ki from the TV series were in that picture, and 
I wrote this story for the OAV reality!  Oops.  Um ... and so I 
confess to you, dear readers, my inability to keep track of all these 
blasted realities!  Seriously though, the only connection my series 
really has with the picture is the title, so I have no plans to include 
Nagi or her cabbit in it.  

By the way, several portions of Tenchi's dream were scenes from 
episodes 5 and 10 of the OAVs, but some were just the product of my 
weird imagination.  (Sorry, there's no prize for guessing which ones.)

Next chapter will of course have more about the Tenchi and Ryoko 
relationship, but I'm also gonna try to write some interesting 
scenes for Ayeka and Mihoshi.  They aren't my favorite characters, 
but I think that they get bashed a lot more than they deserve.  
I don't think that Ayeka is a (rhymes with "witch"), I find that she 
is an interesting combination of gentle-heartedness and strength.  As 
for Mihoshi, she may be a ditz, but I also think that she is the 
sweetest and most selfless of the girls, except for Sasami.  While 
I'm at it, I also find that Tenchi is under-appreciated.  Sure, he's 
indecisive, but to call him a "spineless wuss" is a gross exaggeration.  
If he's so spineless, why has he risked his life so many times to help 
his friends?  

Anyway, please send C&C, suggestions, or questions concerning the story 
to me at literaryeagle@hotmail.com  Okay, I'm done babbling for now.  
Thanks for reading, and hopefully I'll see you next chapter!  

Text copyright 1998, Literary Eagle
(But the characters belong to Pioneer and AIC)
