Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. It belongs to AIC/Pioneer.


A/N: This is an OAV based fic right after Manatsu No Eve. Enjoy!




Confessions On The Rooftop


Ryoko looked at the sky, while sitting on the roof that night. She 
loved watching the stars. They made her feel happy, carefree, and 
secure inside. She had a slight smile on her face as she watched them 
and daydreamed of how it would be if Tenchi chose her, but then her 
smile disappeared, believing that it wouldn't and couldn't happen. He 
had other women in the house that he could choose from and since she 
was the only one in the house that he had ever yelled at, so that 
narrowed her chances, along with the fact that he always pushed her 
away.

A tear fell down Ryoko's face and she didn't bother to brush it away. 
She was remembering two particular days in which she felt her whole 
world crash before her feet. 

The first day that she remembered was when Tenchi said that he hated 
her. He hadn't even apologized afterwards. He just said that he wasn't 
mad anymore, but that didn't mean anything to her. She felt that 
without an apology, he actually meant those words that he had said to 
her, mad or not. She had cried herself to sleep that night, reliving 
the very moment he had said that.

The other day that she remembered and would never ever forget, was when 
he had slapped her. She knew that he had never maliciously touched any 
of the other girls before and when she felt that sting of pain flash 
across her face, she could feel the hate burn inside of him, but this 
time he apologized for it. She didn't care though. He was too nice for 
his own good at times. She just wished that he would have listened to 
her about Mayuka instead of ignoring her like he usually did.

Ryoko couldn't stand not being loved. Only one person loved her and 
that was mother Washu. She had reconciled her relationship with her 
mother and now they were much closer than before, but they still had to 
work some things out. She was the only reason that she didn't leave the 
Masaki home. She had a mother who cared about her and whom she cared 
about in return. She did want to take a trip, though, to be able to 
think clearly without any distractions. She wouldn't be gone too long. 
Maybe a week. She needed to tell her mother about this, though, that 
way she wouldn't feel like she's being run out on.

Ryoko just continued to sit there and sob silently to herself. Didn't 
anybody else care about her? She then heard footsteps, but decided not 
to acknowledge them.

She had a feeling of who it was though. Tenchi. That's who she thought 
it was and she could bet to all of the gods in the Universe that he was 
up there to smear her with fake worry, but later he would just push her 
away again.

"Ryoko?" said a voice.

Low and behold, she was right.

"What?" she asked in a monotone voice.

"I was worried about you," he said.

"Sure ya were," said Ryoko, her voice dripping with thick sarcasm.

Tenchi caught the tone of her voice and asked, "What's that supposed to 
mean?!"

Ryoko turned around and gave Tenchi a hard gaze from her sitting 
position on the roof. "It means that you're lying!"

"I come up here and tell you that I'm worried about you and then right 
out of the blue you call me a liar?! Some friend you are!" he spat out, 
venomously.

"Since when in all Hell was I ever your friend?!" she asked, angrily.

"Are you saying that you never gave a damn about me, Ryoko? Who's the 
liar now?" he asked, sarcasm smearing his own voice.

"I have always cared about you, Tenchi. Hell, I love you! I love you 
more than I could ever love myself!" she screamed out at him in tears.

"Then why are you saying that we're not friends?" he asked in a 
confused, yet somewhat angry voice.

"Because whenever you always say that you're worried about me, my heart 
melts and it thinks that you really do care, but then you always push 
me away whenever we're around the others. You always show the others 
open affection and plus, you have never yelled at any one of them. Why 
can't you show me any affection, Tenchi?" she asked in a soft voice.

Tenchi stood there paralyzed, not knowing how to respond to that. 'Oh 
dear gods, she is right! I have ignored her, pushed her away and never 
showed her any public affection, plus she is the only girl in the house 
that I yell at. What the hell does that mean?'

Tenchi looked at Ryoko's now vulnerable and shaking form. He stood 
there watching her and knowing that she was dying inside. Dying for his 
affection. The affection that she would always give him, but never give 
any back in return. The affection she showed for him each time she 
saved him, which he later took for granted and pushed away.

'I am such an idiot. I have never done half for her as she had done for 
me. Why does she love someone like me?' he asked himself, mentally.

He looked at her again and noticed that she had tears in her eyes. It 
was obvious that she didn't care that he saw them, she just wanted to 
let them out, to show him her pain.

Tenchi felt a sharp pang of pain enter his heart when he looked at her 
like this. She looked so fragile at that moment. He knelt down beside 
her and looked at her with genuine concern in his eyes.

"Ryoko? Why do you love an idiot like me?" he asked her.

Ryoko abruptly wiped away her tears and looked at him. "Well, your 
handsome, sweet, gentle, and kindhearted. Everything that I could have 
ever wanted in a man, but most importantly you are my soul. You are the 
one who completes my very being, my very existence. Without you, I feel 
like I'm nothing."

 The pain in his heart just grew stronger at those words. 'The only 
problem is that I don't know how I feel about her.'

"I know that you don't love me. I know that you couldn't love me and 
would never love me. I just would like to be a true friend of yours 
without being pushed away," said Ryoko in a shaky voice.

Again, his heart felt like it was burning. It hurt so badly, but he 
didn't know why. 'Ugh! That pain. What is it? Why won't it go away and 
why does it always get stronger the minute she utters something that 
makes her feel like I don't love her.'

He looked at her and thought, 'Do I love her?'

His eye caught sight of a stray piece of cyan hair go in front of her 
left eye. Without giving it any thought, he pushed the hair away from 
the eye to where it was before.

She looked at him with love and hope in her eyes. He looked back at her 
and then thought, 'Why do I push her away?'

Ryoko bit her lip and then looked away. 'I can't look at him. I bet 
he's thinking about how much he hates me and how to break it to me that 
he wants me to leave.'

Tenchi's mind cleared all of a sudden at why he was always harsh 
towards her. 'I love her!'

He looked at her, but only saw the left side of her face. 'I can't 
believe that I have been so stupid not to notice! I am afraid of 
showing her any public affection because I don't want to hurt the 
others on the way I would like to show it. This has got to stop, 
though. I need to grow up and return the love to the women who has 
opened up her heart to me and gave it willingly without any reservation 
or hesitation. I need to tell her how I feel.'

"Ryoko?" said Tenchi.

"Yes, Tenchi?" she asked.

"I've been thinking about all of those things you just told me," he 
said.

Ryoko gave him a tearful look. "You're gonna kick me out of the house, 
is that it?!"

Tenchi shook his head no. "Ryoko, I could never kick you out of this 
house. You have no idea how much you mean to me."

"Liar," she muttered.

Tenchi just put his arms around her and held her in them. He wasn't 
about to let her go.

"I know it may seem like I am lying, but I can assure you that this 
time I won't be," he said.

"How can I be so sure?" she asked.

"Because I love you," he said.

"What?" she whispered.

"I love you," he repeated.

Tears were forming in Ryoko's eyes. His voice held so much sincerity in 
it that she could just die happy from hearing those words spoken to her 
over and over again.

"You're being truthful, Tenchi?" she asked, desperately wanting to be 
sure that he meant what he said.

"Yes, Ryoko," he confirmed.

"Then prove it," she said as she looked up into his eyes.

Tenchi knew what she wanted because he wanted it too. He cupped her 
face gently in his hands and kissed her. It was passionate and gentle 
all at the same time. It lasted for a minute and then the two of them 
broke it off simultaneously. Tenchi then just held onto Ryoko tightly 
and she held onto him as well.

"Tenchi?" she said.

"Hmm?" he asked.

"What are we going to do about the others?" she asked.

"You are not going to be involved, Ryoko. I need to tell them myself, 
it's not your duty to do so," said Tenchi.

"How do you intend on telling them?" she asked.

"One at a time I suppose or they'll just find out by seeing it," he 
said.

"Huh?" asked a confused Ryoko.

"Well, Ryoko, I love you and I've pushed you away so many times when 
you've attempted to show me any type of affection, so now I'm going to 
show you public affection as well, whether it be a hug or a kiss," said 
Tenchi.

"Are you serious, Tenchi?" asked Ryoko with tears welling up in her 
eyes again, but this time from joy.

"Yes, Ryoko," he said with a smile on his face.

"I love you, Tenchi," she said smiling. "My Tenchi."

"I love you too, my Ryoko," said Tenchi.

"Tenchi, you do know who we have to worry about the most, right?" she 
asked, making sure that Tenchi knew what she was aiming towards.

"Yeah, I know. She's such a good friend to me. She has a very kind and 
gentle spirit with an incredible inner strength," said Tenchi.

"She loves you, you know," Ryoko said quietly.

"Does she? How do you know?" he asked.

"She told me so in the onsen one day," she said.

"Oh," said Tenchi.

"Do you love her as well?" she asked.

"Of course I do. I love her like the sister I never had. I can't 
picture my life without you, her and everybody else. You are all my 
family, no matter how I feel towards each of you individually," he 
said.

Ryoko smiled and sighed happily, but then a thought crossed her mind. 
"Uh.Tenchi? Where am I gonna sleep tonight?"

Tenchi just looked at her and smiled. His usual nervousness wasn't 
there. It was almost like it had vanished into thin air. He then 
suggested, "How about my room?"

Ryoko's eyes widened, for she could not believe what she was hearing. 
"Are you serious, Tenchi?"

"Yes," he said. "I can't deny my feelings and I what truly want towards 
you anymore."

Ryoko then smiled even more and snuggled into his chest. "Let's go to 
bed then."

Tenchi nodded and asked her, "Do you want me to carry you or will just 
teleport us?"

"Since I'm very sleepy, teleportation will do for tonight, but 
afterwards, I want you to carry me," she said, sternly.

"Yes, dear," he said with a goofy grin on his face.

She then teleported them into his room and directly onto his bed. They 
both lied down and fell asleep quickly in each other's embrace.




End




A/N: Well, I hope it didn't suck too bad, but oh well. Hoped you 
readers liked it and I hope to get some reviews for it. Ja ne!




    






