ok, i don't know how this is going to work so there!!!!!

As usual, the Legal Mumbo Jumbo: ALL characters are property of AIC and Pioneer.

The mind is a wonderful thing, lets not waste it.........


Corners of the Mind
By Daniel "Truly Mad" Vittery

=^^=

He sat there, he has always sat there, staring at the hills, not a day goes past 
that he doesn't stare at those hills. The green of the tree's, the blue of the 
sky, and the white of the clouds, its almost poetic, almost........

It was a day like any other, he came to us, locked in a fixed gaze, not knowing 
wether to speak, run, hide, shout or just break down and cry, but for the past 
month he just sat and stared at the hills. I recall what his visitors said about 
him, how he was kind, considerate not one to rush into things, but yet, there is 
something else, something looking to get out.

Tenchi Masaki was always one to point out the beauty within the storm, the sheer 
brilliance of colour and simplicity in one so strong, just like himself. 

That was until the accident.......

2 Months Ago:

" Tenchi! why do you have to help that stuck up Princess?" asked Ryoko 
jealously, cling to Tenchi's chest like it was the only thing that existed.

" Because i have to, you were the one who destroyed her ship so i have to look 
after her now if you don't mind," he replied as he removed the cat like woman 
from his person as he moved towards Ayeka's room.
" I will have you Tenchi Masaki, i don't care how but you WILL BE MINE!" Ryoko 
said to herself, and promptly dissappeared.

Tenchi spent the day showing Ayeka round the Masaki shrine, introduced her to 
Grandpa and Nobuyuki, walked through the forest, and then they came to the 
clearing:
" Can we sit for a while? im tired and my feet hurt from all the walking," said 
Ayeka pleasently, who knew she would be the last thing Tenchi saw.

Tenchi woke in a hospital bed, in a private room were only he was present. He 
strained to get up but he only managed to fall out of bed onto the cold, hard 
hospital floor. A passing nurse spotted him fall and ran into help him back onto 
the bed.

Days went by and Tenchi was now back to what he considered normal, though he 
never got an explantion as to what happened, he found this puzzling but just 
decided to ignore it until he got home.

When he arrived home he was greeted by the usual sight of Ryoko running towards 
him, Ayeka in tow and grandpa and his father stood in the background, Sasami to 
was there, though she looked like she had seen a ghost......

Dinner was a pleasent sight for Tenchi, the table filled with food he missed, 
hospital food gave him the creeps, he swears that he saw it move. After the meal 
and the celebratory " Welcome Back Tenchi" drink, it suddenly dawned on 
him.......

" What happened to me?" Tenchi asked, all around him gave him a blank look, 
Sasami returned to the kitchen, Ayeka went to her room, Grandpa and his father 
both just sat there, and Ryoko just vanished.
" Why won't any one tell me?" Tenchi asked
" Tenchi, you had a blackout, the Doctor said that alot of pressure had built up 
on your brain and it just passed out, Ayeka carried you back here and we called 
for a medic, you were asleep for almost 2 weeks," Grandpa explained, Tenchi sat 
there and couldn't believe waht he was hearing, he blackout before but not for 2 
weeks!!!!

=^^=

Another week went by, Tenchi forgot about what had happened and carried on with 
his training at the shrine, his duties at home and working in the fields, that 
was until Ryoko decided to put her plan into action.....
She had woke bright and early, so she could get a head start on her "master 
plan" as she called it, she went into the shed outside the back door, where she 
had stashed some gas canisters.
" Now you will be mine!" Ryoko sniggered to herself

Tenchi went to bed that night, thinking how peaceful it was out in the country.

The phone rang early that morning, strange, as few people knew Tenchi's 
number.......
" Hello is that Mister T.Masaki?" the voice on the end asked,
" Yes, who is this?" came Tenchi's reply,
" This is greater Okiyama Hospital, there has been and accident involving a 
Nobuyuki Masaki, im afraid you are going to have to come down to the hospital," 
said the voice patienly
the phone swung back and forth as no reply came.

Tenchi arrived at the main reception and was directed to the 3rd floor, as he 
reach the elevator something caugh his eye, on the board of department floors 
there was only one department on the 3rd floor: Morgue

It was explained to him that his father died in a gas explosion at his office in 
town, every one else made it out alive but his father was caught in the initial 
blast and was horribly burned, he was pronounced D.O.A at the Hospital.

Tenchi was never the same, Ryoko and Ayeka tried to comfort him but he refused 
to speak to any one, that was, until he was called into Tokyo. He took the 
train, and arrived at 10 in the morning, he walked to where he was asked to 
meet, he stood there for 3 hours waiting but no one arrived, he took the train 
home, only to find nothing but fire engines and a house engulfed in flames, his 
house.

Ryoko was the only survivor: Sasami, Ayeka and Grandpa had died when the kitchen 
burst into flames, Ryoko was outside by the lake, fishing of all things. She 
said she tried to save them, but couldn't get near the house for the flames.

The fire rage through the night..........

Tenchi sat there on the floor staring at the rubble of his house, comforted by 
Ryoko who seemed slightly different, some how happy, but he couldn't be sure.

He didn't talk, sleep or move, he sat in a chair an contemplated what might have 
been.....


And thats when he came to us, here at the hospital, the shell of the man he once 
was, accompanied by a woman, with long cyan hair, and cat like eyes that could 
tear your skin of with the glare, she left, she never returned, since then he 
never spoke, he just sat there in his chair, and watched the hills..........

The end, of it all

i intended this as a bit of and experiment, just to screw with the heads of a 
few people.
I do tend to write shorts stories as opposed to long ones, anyone want to expand 
on this go right ahead, just let me know first.
again comments and critiscm's to: Cephirio@aol.com

thanks again
