The Crazed Ones
By xforcer@hotmail.com (Dinobot)


Here's how the Tenchi saga go with strange new people
disclaimer: i don't own the Tenchi Muya stuff nor od I care too.. 

Opening sceen

        "Andrew"  "Andrew Wolfson!" an old man said looking for him.
He found him carying suitcasings with a Botcon or bust on it. "Andrew,
How many do you have do try to go to Botcon?" The spiky blue haired
teen replied" 'till i get there .. I have a prereg toy to get and help
them MST Carage in C-Minor" "Huh?" 'Forget it"  " Well if you can get
my keys you can look at the sword in the stone.." "Ok.."  Andrew
Wolfson gives the old man an atomic wedgie and bolts out of the room.


        Andrew Wolfson running through the woods thinks<This might be
fun..> 

flashback

        We see Andrew Wolfson ealier today. " Andrew , I am going out
fo some time and I don't want you running off to Botcon." " I am
prereged and I have to get to Hex's robot repair panel" " What?": "
Forget it..""Anyway a demon is in there forced in there to save the
country from it's destruction" " This is BSH I guess" " BSH?" "Before
Super heros" "I see ..well bye.."

end flashback 

He walks off to a cage in front of the cave.. "Hey there is no key
hole.. " he shrugs and rips the cage off . <sometimes have super-human
strength comes in handy>  he thought dimly. 

When he entered he saw a sword handle in rock. <Wonder if it's any
good of shape> He picked up the sword and it was rust cover.. he then
threw the sword at the wall.. shattering it entirely. (My crystal
light saber will cut this rock> and with that he sliced the rock in
half reveiling a passage.  He then tripped over a rock and flew down. 

        'Damn slagging shocking fragging rock !!!!!" he swore when he
hit bottom.  He then looked around and saw something in the water.. '
IS that the demon..' a hand touched him.. it was withered and with
long claw-like fingernails  .ANdrew Wolfson and the creature screamed.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" and both ran in the
oppisite direction and ANdrew Wolfosn sealed the cave in steel, wood
and everything else he could think of. 

        And after that a tree sent an intergalatic message.
3 months later. 

        "Man wasn't Botcon awesome Andrew?" Steven Silverslash asked
Andrew Wolfson." Yep it was and the best part was when my
step-grandfather found that a toy line could ahve such fansupport."
Andrew Wolfson said smiling. He  then remembered the demon and tthre a
punch..intoa  forcefield." How did you .. wait you telepathic " Andrew
said rubbing his hand.  

        Andrew Wolfosn walked up to the top floor and slept on the
floor.. dreaming of the demon.  He then awoken at night whena spunning
teen walked up to him." I must still be dreaming" he said. " Your
not.." her eyes glowed.."Your the demon.. and you do look much better
than last time.."  " Thank you.. now I need to vent some rage and your
the scrapegoat." she said with a dark smile. " No way.. have some
Hurricane kick!!!!" and with that ANdrew Wolfson leaped into the air
and spinning like a whirlwind hammered her with a series of blow to
the head with his feet.  He ran off ripping  a large  piece of
gasline for a club.  

        Andrew Wolfson looked around he didn't see her until she
yelled "Prime jets ON !! Maximum burn!!!" and she did burn from the
gas leak.. Andrew Wolfson ran for all he was worth and leaped out a
second story window and flipped midair and landed on his feet. <Too
bad , she was nice in predatorial way>  However she leaped out at him,
covered in soot ,even madder than before. ' Look at my clothes they're
ruined you pyromanaic!!!!!!"  he ducked and said" I wasn't the one who
is a) trying to kill someone b) turned on there  prime jets..hey were
did you learn that and what's you name?"   " My name's Lisa Halfmoon
and I watched a lot of transformers stuff over the time I was in that
cave and awakened."  "I didn't see you at Botcon"  " Wasn't out of the
cave until yesterday when i  found the back door"  " Ok... " He then
grapped a gem off here cuff and threw it in the air .  It exploded
like a truck full of TNT that was dropped into the Grand Canyon.
"Well.. I am out of here ..Goodnight everybody" Lisa Halfmoon said
teleporting out of there. "Well.. I got to get some *yawn* sleep"
Wolfson said to himslef leaping across town like the Hulk would.  

        Andrew Wolfson, with full load of chips, a case of six-packs,
some hot pockets and a sandwich sat on his board ready to turn his tv
on when .."Hey someone is sleeping in my bed..." He turn down the
sheets and here was Lisa Halfmoon sleeping. " This is just Prime." he
muttered.





