Disclaimer- Tenchi Muyo TV is the property of AIC and Pioneer.  Indigo,
Matthias… the list goes on are mine.  I’m not receiving any money at all for
this.

A Crown of Lies
Chapter 4- Song of a Heart

        The clear water sparkled as the sun shined down from the sky.
Ripples
formed on it, gracefully dancing outward as two sets of feet lightly touched
its surface.  Ryoko smiled as her daughter slowly lowered into the stream.

        The little girl grinned back as she slowly descended into the water.
She
was clad in a red one-piece bathing suit while her hair stood free, her
spiky locks taking on the appearance of her mother.  “So how’s the water?”
Ryoko asked as she sat down on the bank of the stream.

        Ryoko extended her legs out over the water and slowly lowered them
into the
clear liquid.  “It’s warm,” Achika replied as she floated lower, the water
reaching her knees.

        “Are you gonna come in mommy?” Achika asked as the liquid reached
her
waist. “Please?”

        “I don’t think so” Ryoko replied.

        “Aww. Come on,” Achika responded.  “Pretty please?”  An idea popped
into
her head as her mother was about to reply.  Playfully, she splashed the
ex-Space Pirate.

        “Hey! Now Achi, don’t make me get in there.” Ryoko giggled as she
shielded
herself from the onslaught of water.  Achika only splashed harder.

         Ryoko grinned at her as her jean shorts and t-shirt were replaced
by the
red bathing suit she had worn at the swimsuit contest all those years ago.
“Alright that’s it.  The queen of splash is here.”  Achika laughed as her
mother entered the water and knelt down.  The little girl barely had time to
shy away as the cyan haired beauty splashed her.

        “Then I’m the princess of splash.”  Achika returned her own volley
of
water.  The sounds of their laughter echoed throughout the forest as the
mother and daughter continued their game.

________

        “Tenchiiii,” Sasami squealed with delight as she broke free of her
mothers
grasp and launched herself upon the priest in training.  “I knew I would see
you again,” she cried as she buried her face in his chest.  Tears of
happiness left their mark on his white robes.

        Aeka turned her attention from the genius Washu to the crown prince
of
Jurai, taking in his visage as she did.  Her breath caught in her throat as
she stared upon the object of her affection.

        ‘He is even more handsome than before,’ she discovered, her eyes
wide with
astonishment.  His beautiful smile… his tone muscles… his warm eyes… Aeka
found her heart beating faster with every second she spent staring at
Tenchi.

        ‘His face was a little too round before, but now…’ Aeka though with
a
chuckle.  Tenchi barely had time to cry out in surprise before a certain
purple haired princess nearly squeezed the life out of him.

        “Hey Sasami. Hey Aeka,” he managed to get out.  “It’s so good too…”

        His ability for speech was lost as Queen Misaki Jurai showed him
what a
real hug was.  “Ooooooh. So this is that kawaii boyfriend of yours, isn’t it
Aeka?  He’s just so kawaiiii!!!”

        “Boyfriend?!” Tenchi managed to squeeze out.

        The blush on Aeka’s face only got redder.  Suddenly, she became very
interested in her feet.  “Well not really boyfriend mother.”

        Tenchi uttered a silent prayer as the enthusiastic queen turned
around.
“Well, I guarantee he will be by the time we leave,” she declared, forming
the victory sign with both her hands.

        ‘This is definitely not good.  Not only do I have to tell Aeka about
Ryoko
and me, but I have to do it with her mother here.’  Tenchi stole another
glance at Misaki.  ‘And by the looks of it, she’s not going to be too happy.
  With that strength… I don’t even want to think about what she’ll do to me.
’

        “It’s great to see you all again,” Tenchi exclaimed with happiness.
It
truly was good to see all his friends, even if they brought new faces with
them.  He looked at the new people that had arrived.

        He had already discovered that Misaki was Aeka and Sasami’s mother.
But
then, who were the other two people?  A man with red hair stood next to
Azaka and a woman who looked to be the same age as Misaki, with navy blue,
almost black hair, was standing next to Washu.

        “I am Queen Funaho Jurai, and this is Matthias Hake’,” Funaho said
warmly,
well aware of the confusion that was plaguing Tenchi.  “I would appreciate
you allowing us to stay with you.”

        “Of course you can stay… that is of course if it’s ok with dad and
grandpa.”  Tenchi looked over at his grandfather and saw one emotion he had
never seen the shrine keeper show.  Katsuhito, for what Tenchi thought was
the first time in old man’s life, was surprised.

        “Hey grandpa, what’s up?”  Curiosity began to overwhelm the man.  ‘I
wonder
what it is about Queen Funaho that’s got Grandfather in such a mess.’

        Katsuhito shook off his daze and turned to his grandson.  “Tenchi.
You
will have time for talking with your friends later.  Right now, I want you
to finish your training for the day and run back to the house.”

        A conspiratorial wink from the shrine keeper was all Tenchi needed
to
understand the true meaning behind grandfather’s words.  ‘Right grandpa,’ he
mentally agreed.  ‘I’ll get back to the house and prepare everyone,
especially ‘Oko and Achika.’

        ‘What am I going to do about my little pirate?  Achika is a clear
symbol of
my love for Ryoko,’ another side of him said.

        ‘What happens will… I don’t think Aeka will make that assumption
right
away.  Hopefully she won’t.  It looks like they’re all tired from their
journey and tonight’s definitely not the night for breaking her heart.’

        ‘And is that good enough?’

        ‘It’ll have to be,’ he concluded.

        “See you all in a couple of minutes,” Tenchi called out as he began
to run
towards the steps to the shrine.

        “Oh and Tenchi,” Katsuhito yelled out.

        Tenchi stopped quickly, turning his head to look at the group that
was
behind him.  “There are no shortcuts in life therefore there shall not be
shortcuts in your training.  Take the trail to the right,” he said while
pointing to a trail cut into the woods. “Why don’t we say powers are not
allowed?”

        Tenchi grimaced at his grandfather.  ‘Even though he knows how
important it
is I get home as fast I can, he still pushes me harder.  Sheesh, this isn’t
going very well for me at all.’  “Okay Grandpa,” he consented.

         With a final nod at his guests, he launched himself across the
clearing
heading for the designated trail.
________

        “Why can’t grandpa ever go easy on me?” Tenchi complained as he
sprinted
down the path, a thin layer of cherry blossoms covering the ground.  He
could not hold the grimace on his face as he stopped dead in his tracks.
Both corners of his lips perked up as he listened to the joyous noises
coming from farther up the path.

        Stealth fully he crept towards the female laughter, making as little
noise
as possible.  ‘So this is why grandpa had me come this way.  Wonder how he
knew?’  Tenchi sighed as he leaned against a tree.  ‘Then again, he always
knows.’

        “I give up, I give up,” Ryoko cried from the muddy shore of the
river.  The
splashing match had escalated into ‘Masaki Women Mud Wrestling.’  Tenchi
could not contain his laughter as he watched his wife, pretend to struggle
on the ground as Achika sat on Ryoko’s back, doing her best to keep her
mother from getting up.

        Tenchi doubled over as they both stopped their wrestling match to
look at
him.  Both of them blinked in confusion causing Tenchi to nearly fall onto
the ground from laughter.  They were completely covered with mud, their
eyes, the only part of their bodies to escape the brown substance.

        “You too, look…” Tenchi tried to get out.  He took a couple deep
breaths
trying to calm himself down.  “So funny,” he blurted out while breaking into
laughter once again.

        Ryoko and Achika grinned at each other, sharing a little
conspiratorial
wink before looking back at the man both of them loved with all their
hearts.  Tenchi looked up in time to see two would-be cyan haired females
begin to inch their way towards him.

        “Now wait,” Tenchi begged beginning to backup.  “I didn’t mean funny
as
funny funny.  You two look beautiful.”

        “Tell us something we don’t know honey,” Ryoko returned, neither she
nor
her daughter halting their advance.  Mischief gleamed in their cat like
eyes.

        “C’mon.  You know how it is to get stains out of these robes, and
besides…”
Tenchi stopped speaking as he felt his back hit something hard. ‘Uh-oh, a
tree…’

________

        “Matthias, what is it?” Aeka asked as she quickened her pace to
catch up to
her guardian.  The whole group had begun their trek back to the Masaki house
yet Aeka had noticed that something was bothering the red haired knight.

        Matthias didn’t acknowledge the princess as he kept descending the
stairs.
Both of them were at the end of the pack, falling behind the rest.
“Matthias, did you hear me?”  Aeka asked.

        Again, Aeka received no response.  She grabbed his arm, successfully
stopping him.  “Listen to me.   What is the matter?”  Intense brown eyes
stared into crimson ones.

        Matthias looked down while shaking his head.  ‘How can she even ask
that?
She gives her heat to that black haired priest lackey, and she asks me what
is the matter.’

        ‘Shut up you idiot.  Even if Tenchi is totally undeserving of
Princess
Aeka, it is her decision and her life.  Stop judging her,’ he answered
himself.

        “Just planning out how to keep you safe in such a barbaric place as
this,”
he replied, burying his feelings and flashing a grin.

        “Mat,” Aeka reprimanded, playfully elbowing him in the ribs.  “It is
really
wonderful here if you give it a chance.  Besides these are my friends here.”

        “I know, but you can never be too careful when your little posse
assembles.
  I mean, look at the trouble you all caused.  Breaking through a Jurain
checkpoint, leading a coup det’at, and the list goes on,” he teased.

        Aeka gave him another elbow as she began to giggle.  “Really
Matthias.
You’re horrible.”

“Yeah but you love it,” he taunted.  The pair had gone astray from the
others, traveling oblivious to the world as they slowly made their way
towards the house.  However, they did not care.

________

“Did you have to get me this dirty?” Tenchi moaned as he sat up.  He gave
him self the once over and sighed.  “I have to take a shower now.”

        “You were the one that decided to laugh dearest,” Ryoko chimed
standing
next to Achika, admiring the paint job they had given Tenchi.  Achika
giggled as Tenchi teleported behind her and hefted her up onto his
shoulders.

        Ryoko felt content as she looked at her family.  Her family.  All
she would
ever need was Tenchi and Achika.  And she knew that they felt the same exact
way about her. A warm feeling that caused her to shake with excitement crept
up in her as she felt the love she shared with them.

        “What’s up?” Tenchi asked with a grin, having taken notice of her
actions.
“You’re shaking."  He shifted his body and arms to allow her to get closer
to him doing his while he kept both his hands on Achika’s feet.  She happily
obliged.

        “Just from happiness,” Ryoko murmured blissfully.  They began to
walk back
to the house, Achika pulling leaves down from the branches that hung over
her head.  “So what was it you needed to tell me?”

        “Huh, tell you?”

        “While you were begging like a little kid to not get dirty, you said
something about you really having to tell me something.  Oh and by the way.
You’re definitely going to have to take a shower before we go on our date.
You stink.”

        Tenchi stopped.  ‘I can’t believe I forgot about telling her about
Aeka and
the others!  And we have a date tonight.  Kami… this isn’t going my way.’

        He took a deep breath.  “’Oko honey, Aeka, Sasami, Washu, and Azaka
have
come back.  Just a couple of minutes ago.”

        “Really?” Ryoko asked, excitement very apparent in her voice. ‘So
that’s
what Kamidake meant by "they’re here".’ Tenchi nodded his head as he was
given a hug from his wife, though it was more of a tackle than a hug.
Achika floated of her father’s shoulders not wanting to be caught in her mud
covered mothers death grip.

        “Hey, c’mon Ryoko,” Tenchi laughed as she squeezed him tighter.

        She lifted her head up to his ear placing a soft kiss on the lobe
before
she began to talk.  “I told you Tenchi.  You just had to wait.  Our carnival
is back.”

        “Ryoko,” Tenchi said with a broad smile as she brought her head back
so she
was staring into his eyes.  He caressed one of her cheeks lightly tracing
the outline of her jaw.  “Remember that I love you.”

        Ryoko smiled back. “I know.  It’ll all work out Tenchi.  You realize
now
that your bill’s going to be expensive tonight don’t you?”

        “What,” Tenchi asked.  The couple parted their embrace although
Tenchi
firmly held his wife’s hand in his.

        Ryoko gave him a feral grin.  “Well I don’t exactly have that much
food in
the house.  And plus, your not going to want to tell Aeka today, right after
her trip.  Don’t you think it’d be a little suspicious if we both went out
tonight?”

        “That makes sense,” Tenchi agreed.

        “Of course it does,” Ryoko added while pressing one of her fingers
to his
lips.  “Now what do you say you join me in the women’s bath to get cleaned
off.”  She retracted her finger from his lip and held it in front of her
mouth as she seductively gave it a quick flick of her tongue.

        “Now ‘Oko, honey,” Tenchi began, his body feeling the effects of her
motions.  She brushed her tongue across her finger again, her fangs poking
out from behind her upper lip.

        Her personality was not that of a prim, proper, shy lady in the
slightest.
She could be selfish, and vain at times yet her brash personality and
catlike features only augmented her womanly charm.  She was incredibly
unique, a personality unlike Tenchi had never seen before.

She never was lacking in energy, keeping him on his toes, yet he could relax
around her as well.  Life was never boring for him.

And as time progressed Tenchi found himself loving her only more.  Every
part of her, from her faults to her strengths, her individuality to the love
she had for him… everything about her he loved.

“But Tenchi… I can’t let you stray away from me now that that other women
came back.  And I really want to take a bath with you,” she added as she
smiled at him slyly.

Achika’s cyan-haired pigtails bobbed up and down as she carefully crept away
from her parents trying to remain unnoticed.  Her inherited sense of
wildness pushed her on towards trouble and mischief.  And being a four year
old, sneaking away from her parents was a very entertaining game. ‘Almost
there,’ she though with happiness, hoping she had successfully avoided her
parents radar.  Her fathers voice diminished any hope of that possibility as
she stopped in her tracks.

“But Ryoko,” Tenchi replied every second losing his will to object to her
pleas.  “What about that little troublemaker over there?” he said pointing
to Achika who was slowly making her way away from her parents.

Realizing she had been caught she put on her biggest smile in the hopes that
they wouldn’t notice her real intent.  Ryoko cleared her throat loudly as
she stared at her daughter sternly.  Achika’s shoulders dropped with the
realization that she was not hiding anything from her parents.

“Now you wouldn’t happen to be trying to sneak away, would you young lady?”
Tenchi hid a smile at the interaction, bringing up his hands to his mouth to
further conceal his amusement.

‘Motherhood has changed her…’ he realized.  ‘But then again, Dad says that
about the both of us all the time.’  Actually now that he really thought
about it, the more his fathers accusations gained truth.  ‘Achika really has
changed us…’

‘No not just our little girl.  Life has changed us.  Our love… everything
has changed us.  And I can honestly say I have no regrets.’  He let out a
chuckle earning a glare and a sigh from his wife.

“Tenchi, how am I supposed to be the heavy if your laughing up a storm?  And
what does that teach Achika?”  Ryoko reprimanded.

“Be careful ‘Oko.  You might get wrinkles if you keep yelling at me like
that.”

“Tenchi, be serious,” Ryoko growled giving him a glare, although her glare
faded as she stared into his brown eyes.  “I can’t even stay mad at you for
a minute,” she said incredulously.  She looked down as she gave out a sigh,
but began to laugh as she looked back into his eyes.

        ‘Kami-sama Tenchi,’ Ryoko laughed to herself.  ‘What do I do with
you?  We
can never stay mad at each other.’

“Now Achika, your mother is right.  I know you want to run off, but the
world is a dangerous place and your mother and I would be really sad if
something happened to you. “  Tenchi put on a pout to emphasize his point.

“Sorry daddy, mommy,” Achika confessed.

“That’s ok Achi.  It’s just that we love you so much.” Ryoko smiled at
Achika as she floated into the air, landing beside her daughter.

“I love you too,” Achika cried hugging her mother.  Guilt had begun to set
in a little on her innocent heart, causing her to get a little teary.
Tenchi happily approached them and joined in the embrace.

“Now listen you two, we might have some hard times ahead of us, but remember
that I’ll always love you no matter what happens.”  Tenchi had an uncanny
ability to make any situation better.  His words always made her feel better
and gave her strength.  That was what made her certain that everything would
turn out all right with Aeka.

“Why don’t you two get cleaned up in the women’s bath while I take a shower
in mine.  Then we can meet with all the others and make reservations for
dinner.”  Ryoko and Achika nodded their heads in unison.  The wind blew
stirring cherry blossoms as the happy family teleported away.
________

        “Where is Lord Tenchi?” Aeka fumed.  “If that devil woman is doing
anything
to him, I swear that I’ll… I’ll…” There was a collective sigh as Aeka ranted
on.  Aeka and Matthias had finally made reached the Masaki home to find a
couple surprises.

        The bounty hunter Nagi and a new acquaintance, the space pirate
Indigo were
guests at the Masaki home.  Introduction had been made and the group had
settled down, yet Tenchi hadn’t returned.  That was about when she had
learned Ryoko had come back to earth and she was not accounted for as
well...  And a Ryoko and Tenchi, both missing in action at the same time was
definitely not a good thing.

        “Now Sister, calm down,” Sasami eased, grabbing her sister’s hands.
“We
just got here and we don’t want to make a scene.  And I’d be very ashamed if
you were mean to Ryoko when we just got back.  Especially when you’ve missed
everyone including her.”

        Aeka sighed, realizing the truth in her sister’s words.  “I’m sorry
Sasami,
everybody.  Your right.”  A smile crossed her face.  “And even though I hate
to admit it,” she said as her smile grew even bigger, “I did miss that devil
pirate.”

        Sasami’s flashed one of her million dollar smiles happy her sister
was
seeing it her way.  “Ahh that felt good,” a male voice stated from the tops
of the stairs.  Tenchi Masaki draped the damp towel over one shoulder as he
began to climb down the steps.

        “Umm Lord Tenchi?”  Aeka asked in amazement.  ‘How did he get up
there?
I’ve never saw him go up the steps, let alone enter the house.’  His soft
warm gaze made her heart beat faster.  ‘Tenchi…’

        “Tenchiiiii,” A melodious voice called out as Ryoko Masaki
teleported into
the unsuspecting arms of her husband.  Her hair dripped with moisture as she
laid her head on his shoulder.  “Thanks for the shower, lover.”

        She grinned mischievously as she looked at the first crown princess
of
Jurai.  Much to her surprise, Aeka burst out into laughter.  Ryoko floated
out of Tenchi’s arms and to the floor as she stared at Aeka in utter
confusion.  Where had the hotheaded princess gone?  Usually Aeka would be
reprimanding he about now, yet she wasn’t.  Instead, she was laughing at
some joke no one had caught on to.

        “You know what pirate?  I missed you,” Aeka said with a smile.  Her
laughter subsided but the happy atmosphere of the room did not fade.
“Strange to think that I’d miss someone as rude, annoying and ugly as you
but I did.”

        Ryoko smiled back, happy to see her rival hadn’t changed.  “Same
goes for
me Aeka.  We need a couple flat chests around here to even out things.”

        There was a hiss of matter as two cabbits bounded happily into the
room.
“Ryo-ohki, Ken-ohki!” a youthful voice called as Achika Masaki ran into the
room.  “Give me back my scrunchies,” she ordered, her loose cyan hair taking
on an appearance incredibly similar to her mothers.

        The two cabbits, each with a red hair-tie in their mouth sprinted
away,
enjoying their game.  “Hey that’s no fair,” Achika yelled as her little legs
moved her after her prey.  She stumbled and fell into the welcoming arms of
Misaki.

        “Oh, your such a kawaii little girl,” the blue haired queen declared
as she
enveloped the daughter of Tenchi and Ryoko in one of her trademark bear
hugs. The little girls eyes became wide with surprise.

        Ryoko teleported over to the both of them in a flash, and she
managed to
pry her air-deprived daughter from the overzealous queen.  “You okay Achi?”
Ryoko whispered to her daughter.  Achika barely had anytime to answer before
both cyan haired woman were lifted into another bear hug.

        “Ahhh” Ryoko cried out.  “Who are you?”

        “Oh, and this must be your daughter.  You must be so proud of her…
who’s
the lucky father?” she asked as she continued to hug the two females.

        “What is this?” a quiet voice asked.  The room fell silent.  “What
is this
Ryoko?” Aeka asked again.  “Is this true? Is this girl your daughter.”

        “Yeah she is princess,” Ryoko confirmed.  “She’s my little Achika.”
Ryoko
bent down and picked her daughter up.  “Isn’t that right little pirate?”

        “Yeah,” Achika cheered.

        ‘What is this? Ryoko has a daughter?  It definitely looks like her
but…’
She stole another glance at the happy mother and daughter.  ‘Who’s the
father?’   She scanned the room, purposefully avoiding Tenchi for fear that
the father was who her gut told her it was.

        Her eyes stopped on Indigo.  ‘He’s a space pirate, and likes
attract.  True
Achika doesn’t look like him but maybe it has something to do with recessive
genes.  That must mean that…’  “Oh Ryoko, Indigo.  I’m so happy for both of
you!”

        There was a collective sigh though Aeka’s was of relief.  ‘And if
she’s in
love with that pirate, that means Lord Tenchi is ala my mine.  With my
fathers orders for our union he can’t refuse.’  Her mind out played one of
her dreams of Tenchi confessing his love to her.

        ‘And we’ll get married and rule over Jurai and have children.’  Her
heart
swelled with happiness as she dreamed of the future.

        “But Aeka, me and Indigo aren’t…” Ryoko interrupted.

        “Oh nonsense.  No need to be embarrassed about it.  I’m-“

        “But Aeka…”

        “so-“

        “we really aren’t…”

        “happy for you,” Aeka finished.

Ryoko sighed again realizing that it was futile to oppose any longer.  ‘I
guess it could be worse…  And this might give us the time to get her ready
for me and Tenchi.’   She looked over at her lover and gave him a look that
let him know it was still him and only him that she loved. He smiled back at
her.

Indigo sighed as he quietly made his way out of the room.  It was best not
to get too involved with matters until he knew the family better.  “This
just complicates things,”  he realized.

        “What complicates what?”  a voice asked from the shadows.  Nagi
emerged
from the shadowed doorway of the Masaki house.  She walked forward and set
down on the floor of the walkway attaching the shed to the house.  Her legs
draped over where the floor ended and her feet hovered over the grass.

        Indigo sat down next to her.  “Well, the Jurains coming here in
general.
It might help us but we’ll most likely end up leaving them behind.  It’ll be
too hard with them.”

        “What exactly are we going to do?  And why are you suddenly
including me
with Ryoko and her man?”  Nagi’s curiosity was peeked yet it was odd to
consider herself a part of Ryoko’s group.  Even stranger was that she
actually enjoyed the thought.  ‘Guess she really is my friend…’

        “You know, you should really call Tenchi by his own name.  You make
him
sound so insignificant by calling him Ryoko’s man.”  Indigo watched as the
clouds rolled on across the vast blue sky.

        “Since when are you in a position to judge me, and answer my
question,”
Nagi said with a little edge to her voice.  “Don’t tell me it offends you
because you have a thing for that guy?”

        “Noo!” Indigo replied as he jumped up.  “I definitely don’t have a
thing
for him at all.  Nothing.  He’s just a pretty cool guy from what I’ve seen
and he acts nice.  It’s not like I like him. I’m straight!!!  I’m into
women!”  His response came so fast that every sentence seemed to merge into
one.

        Nagi found that she was laughing as the space pirate tried to
convince her
of his sexuality.  The frantic look on his face made her laugh that much
harder.  “Relax Indigo, I’m was joking.  And if you did like him, you’d
probably get decked by Ryoko.”

        “Don’t want that to happen again,” he agreed.

        “Wait, you’ve already been in a fight with Ryoko,” Nagi asked
incredulously.

        “Can’t you tell?” he asked as he pointed to the bruise on his cheek.
“Though it was a pretty one-sided fight if you can call it a fight.”  He sat
down with a chuckle. “ She knocked me out in one punch.”

        “What’d you do?”

        Indigo sighed at the memory.  “I called her a bitch.”

        “Yep, that would do it,” Nagi confirmed.  “Though I got to hand it
to you,
you’ve got a lot of guts opposing Ryoko like that.  Most people would cower
in her presence.”

         “I didn’t know that she was the space pirate Ryoko.  Plus I had to
act
that way.”  He turned his back to her as he began to walk down the path into
the woods.

        “Hey wait up,” Nagi called out as she got up and ran next to Indigo.
Needless to say, she was very curious at what his cryptic answer meant.
“What do you mean had to act that way?”

        Indigo turned to look upon the woman who had earlier threatened his
life.
“Well you’ll just have to pry that out of me, won’t you?”

        He turned his back to her and continued to walk.  ‘Stupid Pirate,’
Nagi
thought as she followed him into the woods.
________

        “Have you ever wondered why women go to the bathroom in groups?”
Noboyuki
asked at the large yet only occupied by males table Tenchi had gotten.  They
had left the house leaving behind Funaho, who had plans to spend the evening
with Katsuhito, Nagi, Indigo, Azaka  and Kamidake.

The knights had chosen to stay at the Masaki home to discuss some news and
Nagi and Indigo had seemed to disappear.  The restaurant in which Tenchi and
Ryoko had originally planned on using for their date was more than happy to
accommodate an even larger party than they had anticipated.

So it was that Tenchi, Noboyuki and Matthias were left alone at the table,
all because a little girl had announced she had to use the restroom.  “I
have no clue dad, it’s got to be one of those unsolved mysteries.”

Noboyuki stood up and walked over to his son, leaning over him so he could
whisper in Tenchi’s ear.  “What’s the matter with him?” he asked as he
looked over at Matthias.  The knight was watching the dance floor, though he
seemed to be gazing out into space more than looking at the couples dancing.

“I don’t know dad, he just started zoning out when Aeka and the others
left.”  The red headed knight continued staring at nothing oblivious to the
discussion the two Masaki’s were having.

“Well I have an idea then,” Noboyuki said with a grin as he left the table
and started towards the bar.

‘Wonder what he’s doing now,’ Tenchi thought as he looked towards the
restrooms.  He still hadn’t decided on how to break the news to Aeka,
however her own assumption gave him the time he needed to figure out how to
give her his decision without driving her away.  He only wished that she
didn’t have to be hurt.

A loud thump grabbed his attention.  Noboyuki smiled with a glint of
mischief as he produced three glasses and pointed to the bottle of Saki on
the table.  ‘Even knights will drink,’ he reasoned. ‘And after a couple
glasses, he’ll be blabbing on like a maniac.  Noboyuki got to hand it to
yourself.  Forget Washu, you’re the genius around here.’

“Is that so?” a nasally voice asked from behind him.

“What do you mean Washu, dad didn’t say anything,” Tenchi pointed, as his
father spun around.  Washu signaled for Noboyuki to bend down so she could
whisper in his ear.

‘Ohh I hope this doesn’t mean what I think it does,’ he though with dread as
the smile on the redheaded genius’s face turned into an evil grin.  He
gulped audibly.

“Yup it does,” she stated as she removed an incredibly machine with the
appearance of a crab from his shoulder.  “Consider yourself honored.  You’ve
been the first guinea pig for the Washu’s patented Mind reader!”

The two chibi-Washu’s scurried out of her hair and onto her shoulders.  “Yay
Washu” they cheered in unison.  Noboyuki let loose a yelp as they jumped up
onto his head.

“Washu is a genius, not you,” chibi-Washu A declared.

“Yeah, don’t even compare yourself to her.  Her genius is so great that she
turn you into a monkey, by just thinking it,” chibi-Washu B added.

“Yup that’s right,” Washu agreed.

“Washu’s the best,” chibi-Washu B continued.

“And don’t your forget it,” chibi-Washu A stated.

They scurried back into her hair, as the genius began to laugh in her usual,
mad genius manner.

“Washu stop it,” Tenchi said as he ran next to her.  “We’re on Earth
remember, people don’t have dolls do that!”  Tenchi stood up and began to
scratch the back of his head.  “Umm sorry, she’s got some wild toys.”

The chatter that had stopped when Washu had appeared out of nowhere next to
Noboyuki, resumed as the rest of the people in the restaurant decided to
forget about what they had just seen.  “What happened here?” Sasami asked as
she took sat down on the table next to Achika.

Aeka sighed as she took her place next to her sister.  Her normal spot next
to Tenchi had been taken over by that devil woman’s daughter.  The whole
thing of Ryoko and Achika referring to Tenchi as the father of Achika had
been on her nerves.  ‘That Indigo doesn’t look like much of a father though,
and Tenchi being kind hearted as he is probably took over the position to
help out Ryoko.’

Her heart swelled at the thought of her Tenchi doing such a noble act.  She
had been able to accept the circumstances with that conclusion, therefore,
taking a place next to Sasami and Matthias instead.

Sasami had immediately hit it off with Achika and had played until they had
had to leave for the restaurant.  Even she found herself, loving the little
girl.  Even the little girl’s father daughter relationship with Tenchi
didn’t bother her that much.  However throughout all this, she couldn’t
forget that Tenchi was hers.

The thought just put a smile on her face.  And the best part was that they
would be together without anyone being hurt.  Ryoko had already chosen
Indigo so therefore; she wasn’t in love with Tenchi and wouldn’t be hurt by
their dating and eventual marriage.

Life was truly going beautifully for her.  She suppressed all her thoughts
of her father’s captivity.  ‘He wouldn’t want me to be sad, so I won’t be,’
she reasoned.  ‘And besides,’ she thought as a slow song began to play, ‘I
can’t be sad when me and Tenchi dance.’

She got up and walked over to the priest in training who was, much to her
dismay, carrying on a conversation with her rival.  Ryoko was probably her
best friend beyond Tenchi, but in Aeka’s opinion, she didn’t need to be that
close, especially since she already had someone.

She lightly tapped Tenchi on the shoulder, just as he took a sip of sake.
‘When did Tenchi started drinking?’ she thought.  She felt her face go red
as she worked up her courage.  “L-l-l-lord Tenchi?”

“Yes Aeka,” he replied, his features calm and cool.  It made her blush that
much harder.

“Would you dance with me?”

Matthias gave a sigh as Misaki elbowed him.  “See, there’s my little girl.
She’ll have him begging to marry her by the end of the night.  Oh, my dear
Aeka.  You’ve grown up so fast.”

“Sure,” Tenchi agreed as he got up.  He froze, hesitant for a second and
stole a quick glance at his wife.  She nodded and he relaxed and led her to
the dance floor.

‘Wonder what that’s all about?’ Washu thought as she looked at Ryoko.
Unknown to the pirate, her chopsticks had snapped in half, and her knuckles
where white.

“Ahh sorry,” Ryoko said as a pain in her hand brought her to the realization
of what she had done. ‘Just because I want to ease her pain, and am letting
her dance with my Tenchi doesn’t mean I have to like it.  I swear, if she
pulls one move on my husband… I’ll…’

“Mommy, are you ok?  You’re bleeding,” Achika asked.  She wore a look of
worry as she glanced at her mother’s hand and then back at her face.

“Oh, I’m fine,” Ryoko said as she began to blush.  “Come with me Achi,” She
said quickly as she got up and headed for the restrooms again.

‘Hmmm, I wonder…’ Washu thought as she returned to her meal.

________

“Mommy, why is daddy dancing with that other lady?” Achika asked innocently
from her seat on the counter.  Ryoko removed the last splinter of wood
telepathically and then put her hand under the running water.

She felt her healing abilities taking affect as she let out a sigh. The
water was only to hide the greenish glow surrounding her wound as it mended
itself.  ‘I’m lucky no-one has come in here,’ she thought.

“That other lady is one of our friends, and she…” ‘Great, how do I explain
love to a four year old?’  “Well, she feels a certain way about daddy.”

“What way?”

Ryoko sighed again.  This was truly a hard task.  “Well… she wants it to be
so that daddy and her are mommy and daddy.  So she and daddy could kiss and
hug…”

Achika let out a wail as she hugged her mother with all her might.  “Hey
what’s wrong Achi?”

“But that’s not gonna happen, is it?  I don’t want her to be mommy.  I want
you to be my mommy.  And you and daddy to kiss and hug and…”

“Oh Achi, don’t worry baby.”  Ryoko rubbed the girls back trying to calm her
down.  “I’m always going to be your mommy, and so will daddy.  Nothings
going to change. Of course, it can’t help to grab your daddy’s attention.
You think I should wear the outfit I was gonna where tonight before all our
friends came back?”

“You mean the one that we bought as a big surprise for daddy?”

“Yup,” Ryoko said with a grin.  She held out her hand, which Achika gladly
grabbed, and the two females teleported home just as a woman entered the
bathroom.  The woman scratched her head in confusion.  “Huh, I must be
seeing things,” she said to herself as she walked over to the sink and
applied some blush to her face.

________

Ryoko closed her eyes as her attire changed.  Originally, she had been
wearing a red dress that wasn’t very elegant.  It was pretty comfortable,
and she looked good in it so she had chosen it to wear for her outing
opposed to what she was originally going to wear.

A glittering black dress replaced the one she had just been wearing it had a
low v cut, exposing some of her ample bosom, and was slit down the right
side for greater mobility. Achika giggled a little as she held up a stick of
lipstick and a jewelry box that held two diamond earrings.

Tenchi had given Ryoko the earrings for her birthday shortly after they had
married.  She could still feel the excitement, she had felt when her love
had been returned and they had become one.  That feeling had never gone
away.

“Wow… you look pretty!” Achika exclaimed.  She clapped her hands as Ryoko
spun around, enjoying the positive feedback.  “Daddy’s gonna get a bloody
nose like he does when you dress real, real nice.”

“I hope so, well should we get back?”  All it took was a nod of the head
from Achika before the two cyan haired females were back at the restaurant.

________

“Hey Sasami,” Achika called out as she made her way towards the table.
Ryoko stood behind her guiding her daughter through the restaurant with one
hand on each of the little girl’s shoulders.

“Oh hey, Achika,” Sasami cheered.  She watched as Ryoko let her daughter go
and run up to the table.  Seeing Achika was safe, she disappeared back into
the crowd with one destination in mind.  She didn’t pay attention to the
males that she had suddenly attracted.

“Hey baby,” a voice said from in front of her.  She looked to the source of
the voice and found a smug looking man with two of his friends by the look
of it.  His face held too much self-confidence to the point where he looked
like his ego made his choices.

She could tell he had not yet come to the realization that he was deniable.
And plus, she observed as she got closer, he must have been drunk
considering the odor he was giving off.

She passed him without acknowledging him.  The grin on his face turned to a
look of shock, as Ryoko grabbed his hand, which hand been making its way
towards her rear end. “Frisky, aren’t we?” he asked with a lustful grin.
For the second time in two days, she knocked someone out with one punch.

Ryoko grinned as she continued on her way.  ‘He’s gonna wake up with one big
headache.’ She looked down and gave herself the once over before continuing
onto the dance floor.  ‘Let’s see what Ten-chan thinks of this!’

________

        ‘Ughh,’ Matthias fumed.  He had very politely rejected every offer
for a
drink that Noboyuki gave him.  ‘You’d think he’d give up by now.’  Misaki’s
enthusiastic chatter with Kiyone and Mihoshi about Tenchi and Aeka getting
married was driving him nuts.

        Aeka deserved so much more than that commoner.  She deserved a
prince.
Well, maybe she’d settle for a knight…

        ‘How can I think that!’?  True, their relationship had grown over
the
years.  He considered her his best friend and hoped she considered him the
same.  Yet, the way she was swooning over Tenchi…

        ‘Geese, Tenchi’s a nice guy.  What’s my problem with him?’

        He sighed as he realized it wasn’t Tenchi that was the problem.
Tenchi was
an innocent in the situation.  Well maybe not an innocent for not taking the
princess when she freely offered herself to him.

        ‘I’d die for a chance to be with her, anyone would.’

        He watched as Tenchi and Aeka finished another dance.  The Masaki’s
back
was to him, yet he could see his best friends.  Aeka looked so happy, yet it
almost looked like empty happiness.  ‘It’s just your jealousy…’

        “Hey Mat, are you ok?”

        Sasami’s voice brought him out of his thoughts.  She was the same
girl she
had been years ago… only a little taller.  He had also grown close to the
princes… of course Sasami had been trying to hook him up with Aeka since day
one.  His response to her offers was usually to blush and wander off.

        She was mischievous to say the least.  “Yeah Mr. Mat, are you ok?”
Achika
added.

        “I’m fine you two,” he replied as he put on a fake smile.  He had
his own
suspicions about Achika’s father yet chose to remain silent.  He watched as
Ryoko slowly wove her way through the crowd.

‘Wow… when’d she change?  That looks really good on her.’  Yet his eyes were
drawn back to the purple haired princess.  ‘Well like it or not, she will
never be mine… I just have to face that.’  He gave out a sigh and retreated
deep into himself.

________

‘This is like a dream,’ Aeka thought happily.  She and Tenchi had been
dancing for what seemed like an eternity.  She never wanted to lose the
feeling she had now.  She looked up into his eyes, hoping to find him gazing
down lovingly at her.  He instead let go with his hands and looked down at
her in confusion.

        “Tenchi why did you stop dancing?” Aeka asked as he released her.

        “What do you mean?  The music stopped,” he replied.  Aeka felt
herself
flush a little… the song had finished.  ‘Maybe I can get one more dance out
of him,’ she thought hopefully.  He seemed to have been enjoying himself.

        “Shame on you princess, what are you two doing out here,” a
seductive voice
purred from the side of both Tenchi and herself.  She watched as Tenchi
nearly fell down in shock.  As his daughter had predicted, a small stream of
blood began to pour down from his nose.

        “R-r-r-r-r-r-r-r….” Tenchi trailed off into incoherent jabbers.  ‘

‘What did that pirate do now?’ Aeka thought to herself as she turned around
to look upon her old rival.  ‘Wow…’ she thought to herself.  ‘I never
thought she could actually look elegant… well more like a lady.’  She began
to chuckle a little at the thought.  ‘I guess some things aren’t impossible
after all.’

“How many dances have you spent with my Tenchi? Hmm?”  Ryoko walked over to
the princess as she looked down at her husband.  He had gotten a Kleenex
from one of his pockets and was frantically trying to get rid of all the
blood.

His features became harder as he looked at the faces of the men on the dance
floor.  ‘I guess, they can’t help it.  She looks…. There aren’t any words to
describe it.  But if someone tries to hit on her.’  He popped back up onto
his feet and began to walk towards the two women.

“Listen princess, I let you dance with him, but now it’s my turn.  I get as
many as you did, and the same privacy so don’t come snooping over here.”
She put both hands on her hips to emphasize her point.

“Ryoko, I can’t believe you.  Why should I let you dance with Lord Tenchi?”

“Tenchi please,” Ryoko whined as she draped herself across him.  She began
to draw circles on his chest with one finger.  “It’s only fair that I get to
dance with you since Aeka did.”

“Miss Ryoko! I-“

“Well Aeka, I think it is fair.”  Tenchi said with a warm smile.  “Why don’t
you go back to the table and then we can talk.  It’s been too long since
I’ve seen you.”  Aeka looked hesitant.  “ And Ryoko will promise to behave.
Won’t you Ryoko?”

“Err yeah,” Ryoko agreed.  “I promise I won’t do anything to Tenchi that he
doesn’t want done.”  ‘That’s a safe way to go,’ she thought.  ‘Heck, I’m not
lying.’  “Is that good enough for you?” she asked as she brandished her
fangs a little.

“Since you promised, I think that will suffice,” Aeka replied with a grin.
‘I might as well let her have some fun with Tenchi.  Pretty soon he will be
mine after all.’  The hope for the future gave her strength as she walked
back to the table

________

        “Ryo-chan, you didn’t have to get all dressed up,” Tenchi said with
a smile
as he reached out her hand.  “Not that I’m complaining.  You look
breathtaking.”

        She gladly accepted it and stepped in closer to the man who had
stolen her
heart.  “I’m glad you like it, and your response,” she said as she pointed
to his nose, “was most appreciated.”  She sighed as he pulled her into his
body.

        Years of practice had left them both knowing each other’s movements
well.
They danced without the slightest hint of blunder.  Her arms circled around
his neck as she smiled up at him.  His hands lowered to pull her in closer
to him.

        A soft smile covered both their lips.  Words were not needed as they
softly
moved across the floor.  Abruptly the music stopped causing the dancers to
look around in confusion.  “What the hell?” a man blurted out.

        “Hey Tenchi,” Noboyuki called out as he gave him a wink.  His father
finished slipping the disk jockey some money and began to walk back to the
table, cutting through the dance floor.

        “Now you too have fun, I’ll make sure this dance is all to
yourself,” he
said with a grin.

        “Thanks dad,” Ryoko said as she grabbed Noboyuki’s arm.

        “Yeah thanks dad,” Tenchi agreed.

        “Aww listen, your going to make an old man cry if you keep this up.
I know
how it hard it must be for you so just relax and enjoy yourselves.  You know
I love you both,” he stated.

        “We love you too,” Ryoko agreed as she gave him a peck on the cheek.

        Noboyuki smiled and continued walking, complaining about an itch in
his
eye.  ‘I’m truly love you both, and I know how important your time is
together.  Achika, you’d be so proud,’ he thought as he wiped at the tear in
his eye.

        “Have fun you too,” he whispered as he left the floor and sat down
at the
table again, a tight leash on his emotions.  “Come here and sit on your
grandpa’s lap, Achika.”  Achika hopped of her chair and ran over to her
grandfather, jumping into his awaiting arms.

        “Now let me tell you about a story of a wonderful lady. She was
always full
of energy, and took care of her father when her mother died.  She had the
most beautiful hair that she tied back into a ponytail…”

________

        “What was that all about?” Ryoko asked with a giggle as she looked
at her
husband.  A male voice coming over the speakers interrupted them.

        “This is a special song going out to a couple out here.  Cherish the
love
you have… you know who you are,” the voice said.

        “Don’t tell me he,” Tenchi started.

        “I think he did,” Ryoko said with a blush.  A soft melody wafted
through
the air as the lights dimmed.  “It’s our song.”

        “This is ‘Love Will Keep Us Alive’ by the Eagles,” the speakers said
over
the music. Tenchi smiled at Ryoko as they simultaneously walked towards each
other.

        “I’ll have to get him for this,” he said.  He pulled her closer than
he had
before as the singer began to sing.  “I love you Ryoko,” he said as she
leaned her head on his shoulder.

        “I love you too Tenchi,” she sighed blissfully.  “You’ve given me
everything I wanted and more.  Love, a family… You saved me.  Showed me what
I was supposed to do with my life.”

        “I’d die for you, I’d live for you.  And together we’ll brave
anything.”

        “Ryoko…” His head tilted downward as the music began to end.

        “Yes…”

        “I Love you,” he finished as he met her in a kiss of love.

        “Oooooo, I knew it!!!” a nasally voice declared.  The romantic
atmosphere
was totally destroyed away as an odd song began to play.
________

        “What the heck is that?” the DJ questioned as he did a double take.
He had
been ready to play another slow song when one of his CD’s had levitated into
the air and taken the place of the Eagles CD on the CD Player.

        The contraption began to play, throwing him into further confusion.
A
little crab appeared in the air, stating “Nuh-uh. You can’t touch.”
Immediately he recognized the song.

        “What the Hell????”  Where had the crab come form… better yet? How
was it
flying?

“Ahh crap…. It’s She blinded me with Science… That song is just too freaky.”
  With a sigh, he covered his ears waiting for the song to end.

________

        “Washu?” Tenchi and Ryoko exclaimed in unison.  Remembering the
position
they were in, they quickly let go of each other.

        “Just as I thought, and no use in denying it.  You two are in love,
and
your both Achika’s biological parents.”

        “Yeah,” Tenchi agreed.  “But please don’t tell anyone else, I have
to
confront Aeka first.”  Ryoko nodded, approving his statement.

        “Fine then,” Washu confirmed.  “But… you have to do something for me
instead.”

        “What exactly did you have in mind?”

________

        “Wow, Little Washu, your actually a pretty good driver,” Tenchi said
from
the back.  He had bought a car a car when in preparation for Achika, which
he had found very useful.  ‘Plus, the others can stay a little longer an
have some more fun.’

        Two breaths that sounded like more like purrs than anything sounded
off
from both sides of him.  Both Achika and Ryoko Masaki were leaning on him,
snoring contently as they slept.

        “Of course Tenchi,” Washu commented.  “I am a genius you know.” She
shut
off the car as they came to a stop in front of the Masaki home.

        ‘We’re just lucky we didn’t get stopped, and still, I was expecting
more
than just letting her drive home.’  “Well, you can get back to work like you
wanted to,” he stated.  “It should be a little while before the others come
back home.”

        “Good night Lord Tenchi.  I’m happy for the both of you.”

        “Thanks Little Washu, goodnight.”

        ‘Now to take them upstairs,’ he thought.

        He carefully picked up Achika and teleported upstairs to the room he
shared
with his wife.  He laid her down on the big bed and teleported back to the
car.  In a flash, he was back with Ryoko Masaki sleeping soundly in his
arms.

        He laid her gently down next to Achika and took a seat next to her.
She
unconsciously rolled over so that her head was cradled in his lap.  With a
smile he began to run his hands through her smooth cyan hair.  “Goodnight,
my Ryoko.”

        “You might not want to do call her that in public until you tell
Aeka,” a
voice said from the open doorway.        Queen Funaho Jurai slowly walked
into the
room; her long flowing robes trailing behind her.

        “You can relax Tenchi, my son had already told me about you and your
wife.”
  She made her way to the opposite side of the bed and sat down on the edge
of it, next to Achika.  “So this is my great, great granddaughter,” Funaho
said as she gazed affectionately at the sleeping girl.

        “Son… Great, great, Granddaughter?” Tenchi asked in confusion.
“What are
you talking about?”

        “I forgot that you didn’t know.  The truth is that I am while I am
Aeka and
Sasami’s half mother, I am your Grandpa Yosho’s true mother.”

        “What?!” Tenchi shouted.

        “Tenchi,” Ryoko murmured in her sleep.  Tenchi slowly exhaled happy
that he
hadn’t woken anyone up.

        “What do you mean?”

        “The truth is that the emperor of Jurai is allowed to take to wives.
He
took both Misaki and me.  I gave birth to Yosho, while Misaki gave birth to
Aeka and Sasami.  Yosho was first in line for the throne since he was first
born, however, the whole Kagato incident led to him fleeing Jurai.”

        “So that means I’m you great grandson, Ryoko’s your great
granddaughter and
Achika’s your great, great granddaughter.”

        “Yes,” she confirmed.  “Though I would appreciate it if you only
called me
Grandma.  I don’t want to sound too old do I?” Tenchi joined in with her
laughter.

        “So this is your family?” she asked Tenchi as she rubbed Achika’s
back.

        “Yup,” Tenchi replied with pride.

        “You have a beautiful family Tenchi.  You’re a very lucky man.  But
have
you though about how to break the news to Aeka?”

        Tenchi swallowed hard.   Well it was time that he faced it.  And if
there
was anyone that could help reach a decision in how to tell the princess, it
was Funaho.  ‘Grandpa’s got to get that wisdom from somewhere.’

        “I don’t want to cause her pain… but I have to.”

        “Yes you do.”  Tenchi sighed at the truth of her words.  “Tenchi,
listen…
Aeka is strong.  She can handle this.  Tell her you believe in her, and your
true feelings for her.  Do you even know what they are?”

        “I love Ryoko with all my heart.  I could never betray her like
that.  It
wouldn’t be fair to anyone.”

        Funaho chuckled a little.  “Tenchi, I didn’t say that you had to go
off and
marry her.  But, don’t you at least love her as a friend.”

        “Of course,” Tenchi interrupted.  “How could I not love her as a
friend.  I
love her like a sister… which… I guess she kind of is.  Well she’s my great
Aunt.  That’s pretty weird now that I think about it.”

        Funaho couldn’t help but chuckle a little at the odd look on
Tenchi’s face.
  “Tenchi, it might be a little difficult for you to imagine but interfamily
marriages aren’t uncommon on Jurai.  The DNA of Jurain's as well as the
advanced technology prevents any birth defects in offspring.”

        “But you should tell her what you just told me.   Tell her you love
her as
a friend and as sister.  The sooner you confront her, the less pain she’ll
have and the faster she can heal.”

        “Well I’m going to turn in now,” Funaho said as she stood up.  “Good
night
grandson.”

        “Goodnight Grandma Funaho, and thank you.”

________

        “Lord Tenchi?” Aeka asked.  She had woken up after a not so
wonderful
evening with a feeling of dread.  Tenchi had asked to speak to her after
breakfast at the shrine stairs so here she found herself waiting for Tenchi
to come to her.

        Her heart beat faster every second, so fast that she thought it
might beat
it’s way out of her chest.  “Where is he I wonder?”  ‘And does this mean
what I think it does?  I can’t believe I didn’t see it before… all the
signs.  But Mihoshi had drunken a lot… I’m sure Lord Tenchi wouldn’t.’

        “Hey Aeka,” Tenchi called out as he descended the steps.  He must
have gone
to the shrine early that morning to do some chores before he met with her.
She ran up to meet him, fear clutching at her soul.

        “Listen Aeka,” he started.

        “No Lord Tenchi,” she interrupted.  “I feel this may be easier on
both of
us if I speak first.  I think I have disillusioned myself Tenchi.”

        “Indigo has told me himself that he is not the father of Achika… I
cornered
him last night.”  She hoped her lie might lead to some truth.  Still,
Tenchi’s resemblance in Achika was unmistakable.  ‘I can’t believe I thought
that the father of Ryoko’s child was that pirate.’

        “  I’ve seen so many clues yet I feel so confused,” she said, all of
her
cheer turning into sadness.  “I look at Achika and sadly, I see you as well
as Ryoko.  I saw you dancing last night.  I saw the … kiss.”

        Tears began to stream down her face.  “Tenchi, I need an answer.  No
lies,
no games.  I want the truth.  I can’t hide it from myself any longer.  My
heart tells me something and I must be true to it.”

        “Tenchi, Is Achika your child?”

        Tenchi took a ragged breath.  It had all come down to this.  No
matter how
much he had talked to Ryoko that morning or how much he had prayed, he still
didn’t feel ready.

        “Yes, she is,” he said, barely audible.

        It only took this one response to serve as the catalyst.  Tears
began to
flow down her cheeks.  “Did she seduce you while I was away? Tenchi how did
it happen? Please tell me?  Do you love her?”

        “No Aeka… I love her.”

        Aeka collapsed to the ground.  Pain was written all over her face.
“How
could you?  Tenchi, I love you so much more than she ever could.”

        “Do you truly think that?”  Tenchi had his eyes shut tightly.  He
had
formed his hands into fists, squeezing so hard that his knuckles turned
white, angry with himself for forcing this pain on her.  He hated himself
for what he was doing to her.

        “What?” Aeka asked in shock.

        “Do you remember when I saved you from Kagato?  The only reason I
got to
Jurai is because Ryoko took me.”  He took a deep breath before continuing.
“She had been hurt badly when you were abducted.  Do you remember when we
found her lying on the ground?”

        “Yes,” Aeka confirmed.  She felt nothing but numbness.  Her heart
had been
broken… she felt like nothing.  Insignificant… that’s what she felt.  Tenchi
didn’t love her; she felt her life was over.

         “She was dieing.  Her healing abilities wouldn’t kick in because of
Kagato’s dark Jurai power.  But she took me to save you, her rival, because
she loved me.  I admit it; I pretty much rejected her when I was going after
you.  But she wanted me to be happy.”

        “No matter if it was with her or with you. She wanted me to be
happy.
Because she loves me.”

        Aeka breathed out in shock.  “Aeka, I married here and have felt her
love
everyday.  I know that she loves me and I love her.”

        An awkward silence took over.  Aeka’s weeping was the only sound
breaking
the lack of noise.  “Tenchi… leave me alone.”

        “Aeka… I do love you.  I love you as a best friend, and as a sister.
I’m
so sorry.”  She looked at him through bleary eyes to see his face contort
into a face ridden with pain.  She was causing him pain too.  That was the
last thing she had wanted.

        Tenchi sprinted down the stairs, complying with her wishes.  His
soul ached
and he knew he had only one person to go to.  Without a second thought he
teleported into his bedroom.  Ryoko was waiting there on the bed, nervously
biting her fingernails.

        “Oh Ryoko,” Tenchi cried as he lay down on the bed next to her.  She
uttered soft words to him, as she rubbed his back.  Finally, emotionally
strained, he fell asleep.

________

        Aeka hugged herself as she continued to cry.  A set of feet running
up the
steps alerted her of someone’s approach.   Matthias vaulted up the steps,
landing a short distance from her as his red hair flowed behind him. “Aeka,”
he called out.

        “Matthias get away,” she said as she avoided his reach.  To
distraught to
move carefully or think rationally, she slipped on the steps.  “Aeka,”
Matthias cried out as he jumped down and stopped her.

        “Matthias,” she said with a sigh.  She cringed though she tried to
hide her
pain.

        ‘What do I do?  If I move her, I could injure her.’  “Aeka, stay
here, I’ll
be right back.”

        Aeka watched as Matthias sprinted down the steps.  ‘Tenchi…’

        ‘Tenchi loves Ryoko.  They married… they had a child.  He’s hers now
in
every way.  Not just by love but by law.  They are one.’

        “Where does that leave me?”

        “I don’t know, but if you keep on squirming like that, you’re liable
to
hurt yourself really bad.  I saw Matthias running like a bat out of hell for
the house, he must be getting Washu.  So Where does what leave you?”  Indigo
walked down the stairs till he was next to Aeka.  He took of his coat and
placed it underneath he head.

        “Nothing,” Aeka replied.  “You let me believe Achika was your
daughter?
How could do that.”

        “I didn’t say anything if you remember,” the red headed pirate.
“You chose
to believe what you did.  And can you really blame Tenchi and Ryoko?”

        “Whether you want to believe it or not, they tried not to hurt you.”

        “She moved in on him while I wasn’t there.  Just because she’s been
here
for longer…”  ‘It’s not fair.  If I had managed to run away…’

        “Aeka, I know that it may seem unfair to you but they do love each
other.
In my life traveling the stars, I have never seen two people more in love.
And Noboyuki told me that Tenchi confessed his love to her the night she
came back.”

        “What?” ‘What can I do… Tenchi is lost to me?’  “Tenchi loves that
damn
space pirate… where does that leave me?  I loved him, I truly loved him!”

        “But then don’t you want him to be happy?  Tenchi loves you, as does
Ryoko
and Achika. Actually I overheard them talking about making you Achika’s
godmother. You hurting hurts them.  And I think that your feelings toward
him might not be what you have convinced yourself of.”

        “Aeka,” Matthias called, as he fell headfirst ground onto the
ground.
Washu really had to work on her portal system.  Of course… she landed
lightly on her feet.  She summoned her astral computer and began to type
feverishly.

        “Let’s see… nothing to serious.  An hour in healing in my lab and
you’ll be
better than ever. “  Everything seemed a blur as a blue shield appeared
around her.

        ‘  Godmother? They all love me?  But Ryoko… is my friend… and
Tenchi… is my
friend as well.  I have friends and they’ll be with me.  I’ll be the best
Godmother to Achika.  It hurts but I’ve changed.  I can deal with it.’

        ‘I have Mommy and Mother Funaho.  I can do this.  I can’t let them
go on in
pain because I refuse to accept the truth.  I have made my choice… and I
choose to live on.  To change…’

        Tears continued to flow freely down her face.  They were not the
first
tears she had cried over Tenchi, nor would they be the last.  It still hurt
and it would.  More tears would come… But she would live on.  Her heart and
soul needed to heal; yet life would go on.

        “Just as Ryoko and Tenchi’s hearts sing for another, mine will one
day.
One day I will truly find the song of my heart,” she whispered to herself.
“And it will sing one other in unison till the day I die.”

        Matthias smiled down at her, hearing her whispered words.  “Yes you
will,”
he agreed.  For the first time that day, just as she was flung through
dimensions to tend to her injuries, Aeka Jurai… smiled.

_____________________________________________________________________________

I guess I might as well make this author section… since it really seems
practical.  Anyways… I bet you all have been wondering…  Where I’ve been.
Sorry about the long wait but I’ve been busy with Real life, writers block
and all that jazz.  As always, C&C to Ledzepfan111@ hotmail.com.  I might be
making a Mailing list so any interests, Email me.

Now I’d like to say thanks to some people that have helped me with the my
Crown all along:
Malena, SilverGTI, RT, Kemanorel7, LilA, and Alighthawk.  (If I forgot
anyone… I’m sorry, tell me and I’ll be sure to include you). Thanks a lot
guys/girls.  And some of them have some Fics so if you readers are ever in
the interested in a new fic to read…

Thanks for Reading!