** Disclaimer- The characters used in this prologue are all Pioneer and
AIC’s except for Matthias.  He is mine.  All rights of Tenchi Muyo TV etc.
belong to those companies.**
** I am not receiving any money for this fan fiction.  This is written
purely for enjoyment of me as well as my readers.**
** This fanfic is based on the Tenchi Muyo TV series.  It takes place after
Episode 26, No Need For A Conclusion.  While this is not my favorite series,
(I love Tenchi OAV the best) this has been the first fan fiction I have
written and released. C&C welcome at Ledzepfan111@hotmail.com.  Enjoy.

A Crown of Lies:
Prologue- The Carnivals Gone

Her heart was pounding out of her chest.  She had been so sure that the
others would have come back to earth, ruining her time with Tenchi, but the
whole day had passed and no one had returned.  As they walked down the path
coated in cherry blossoms, she could almost hear the violent hiss of air
impacting against the hull of a Jurian Royal transport.  As they walked to
the house, holding each other tightly, she had expected to see a familiar
red ship sinking into the murky depths of the lake.  As she walked past the
broom closet with Tenchi, she could have sworn that it was glowing, but the
opened door held only the image of a broom and a coat.  There were no
princesses, no Galaxy Police officers, and not a greatest genius in the
universe anywhere near the Masaki household.  Her ‘family’ was not complete.

All the Masaki men had been excited to have her in their lives again.  She
blushed at the thought of who had been surprisingly happy to see her.  She
had flown into Tenchi’s arms and embraced him with a loving hug.  Her day
had been made when he embraced her back.  The happy smile on his face and
the feeling of him holding her waist as they walked home had left her
wondering if she was dreaming.

        But she wasn’t dreaming.  This was real.  She had come back to
Tenchi and
he was happy to see her.  She knew that one-day, everyone would be back
together.  The carnival would return. She just had to wait.  Though she
hoped she got to accomplish her single goal before her friends returned.

Her dream was to have Tenchi’s love, but she had decided to set a more
realistic goal.  She had vowed on her deathbed that if she ever got a last
chance to confront him, she would tell him what he meant to her.  With that
last vow, she had closed her heavy eyelids, and let the darkness overtake
her soul.

        The shock that coursed through her body when she opened her eyes and
stared
upon a crystal with Ryo-ohki’s happy cabbit face caused her to shake rather
violently.  She stopped herself and immediately reached to her side
expecting to find a blood covered wound; she found nothing.  No blood. No
puss covered holes.  There was nothing out of the ordinary.  Her wound had
completely healed, leaving no reminders of her life threatening injuries.
She had reasoned that Tenchi had killed Kagato and therefore dispelled the
dark Juria energy in her body, allowing her healing abilities to kick in.

She had quickly bathed, setting a course for earth.  The memory of Tenchi
going after Aeka almost caused her to break down and cry yet she repelled
the tears.  She wouldn’t accept defeat until she knew for certain that he
had chosen the princess.

Her heart told her that Tenchi had defeated Kagato.  But what did he do
after?  Did he stay on Juria to rule with Aeka, taking up the position that
was rightfully his?  Or did he return to his home?

        Her plan was simple.  She would continue on her present course to
Earth.
If Tenchi wasn’t there, she would accept defeat and not stand in the way of
his happiness.  But if he was there…  She would confess her true feelings to
him.  She wouldn’t even demand a choice.  She would stay with him as long as
he wanted her to, but she would make sure he knew how much she loved him
before he made a choice.  If he already had, she would bow out and die like
she was supposed to.

        The hope that Tenchi was on earth gave her strength as the pirate
ship
Ryo-ohki sailed through the sea of stars to the place they belonged.  Their
home.

Ryoko felt sick to her stomach, as she sat in the pilot’s chair, waiting
nervously for the scan of earth to finish.  She nibbled on one of her nails
as Ryo-ohki meowed letting the pirate know the search was done.  “Okay, tell
me Ryo-ohki,” Ryoko squeaked.  Her voice had tensed in response to her worry
and she was breathing very fast, gasping for air at the end of her sentence.

        Her heart skipped a beat and began to slow down.  A cool relaxed
feeling
swept over her making each breathe taste sweet.  A natural high of relief
swept over her with the results of the scan.  Tenchi wasn’t on Juria ruling.
  He was at home, staring sadly at the place where he had found her
spaceship crashing.  The fact that he had not married Aeka and claimed the
throne put a smile her on her face.  That he was staring wistfully at a
place she considered special for the both of them made her absolutely
ecstatic.

        She had gotten to Tenchi faster than she had moved in her entire
life, but
strung out their meeting, deciding to have a little fun with him. Now she
was lying in her room with her hands clenched over her beating heart.
Noboyuki was downstairs singing very poorly but happily while he cooked some
fish.  He wasn’t the world’s best cook, but he could certainly do it better
than anyone that currently occupied the house.

This was it.  She had already asked Tenchi if would go stargazing with her
and he had happily agreed.  She would tell him everything under the starry
sky. ‘I might not get another chance, ‘ she reasoned as she floated off of
her futon.  She teleported downstairs and took her place next to Tenchi, who
didn’t seem to mind her closeness at all. The usual blush that would creep
onto his face when she sat close to him was lost as he greeted her. She
began to feel at home as they began to eat with Tenchi’s grandfather and
father.  Ryoko smiled and took it all as a good omen, before stuffing her
mouth full of food.

        Dinner flew by and was soon over.  Katsuhito announced to the group
that,
“An old man needs his rest,” and headed up to the shrine. Noboyuki, happy at
having Ryoko back in their lives cleared the table, rejecting offers from
both Ryoko and Tenchi.

        Tenchi turned to her and smiled.  “So are you ready to go?” he asked
while
standing up.  She didn’t reply but gave him a feral smile, hiding her
nervousness, and promptly tackled him.  Before they hit the ground, they
shimmered out of existence leaving Noboyuki with a proud grin.

She lay down on her back staring up at the sky, and the stars that now
covered it.  The young man named Tenchi Masaki grinned at the pirate as he
laid down himself.  The silence became a little uncomfortable as they stared
at the sky, lost in their thoughts. The moon was hidden, making the night
perfect for watching the dark sky speckled with white dots.

        Ryoko took a deep breath and prepared herself for the most important
conversation that she thought she would ever have.  She sat up and stared
down at the black haired youth.  “Tenchi…” she began.  Tenchi was
immediately yanked out of his thoughts and turned his head towards the cyan
haired beauty.

        “What Ryoko?” he asked as she trailed off and didn’t pick her
sentence back
up.  He quirked and eyebrow and sat up, sliding up the roof so that he was
sitting next to her.  It was obviously a hard thing for her to say and he
sensed that she needed support in order to continue.   Without realizing it,
he had protectively wrapped his arm around her.  Her nervousness was
permeating his skin and soaking into his heart causing his pulse to pick up
speed.

        ‘Ryoko, remember your promise.  You may never get another chance
ever.  He
needs to know this,’ she told herself, but it did not help her courage at
all.  ‘Imagine me! Me! The dreaded space pirate Ryoko afraid of telling some
lowly little boy that I love him.’

        ‘He isn’t a lowly boy, and you are afraid to tell because you do
love him,’
another part of her answered back.  She sighed knowing that arguing
internally was doing nothing to resolve her conflict.  She felt his arm
squeeze her, beckoning her on, reassuring her that everything was all right.

        ‘Well here goes nothing…’

        “Tenchi.  I… I… I…” she said shyly.  Her breaths were short and
raspy.  He
squeezed her again. ‘Do it NOW!’ her mind cried out.

        “I… I…  I love you,” she said hesitantly, her voice pleading for
acceptance.  Everything in her mind fit together.  The gears started
churning and everything she had wanted but could not say before became
possible to tell.  This ice was broken and all her thoughts were free to
tell the man next to her.

        “I know I’ve said it a lot before, and the way I acted probably made
you
think it wasn’t true, but it is.  From the moment I saw your warm brown
eyes, I had a feeling I had never had before.  It made my heartbeat faster
whenever you were in the same room as me.  At first, I thought it was just a
crush, but the longer I thought about it, the more it made sense.  It wasn’t
a crush.  You had taken my meager life away and given me the life that I was
supposed to lead.  Tenchi… you are my life.  I love you so much it hurts.
You probably think I’m strong.  An arrogant pirate, capable of doing
anything alone.”  She gave a sarcastic laugh to emphasize her point.

        “But I’m not Tenchi.  I never had any love in my life, and it made
me a
harsh woman.  You changed that in me.  I don’t mean to put you on the spot
but this is something I’ve gad to say for a long time.  I made a vow to
myself as Ryo-ohki and I sailed away from Juria.  You knew that I was
injured, but nobody but Nagi knew how serious it was.  When I made that vow,
I was on my deathbed.  When my eyes closed and I murmured your name, I
thought I had done it for the last time, however I promised myself that if I
did pull through, I would confront you and tell you what you mean to me.
Tenchi, when you choose, I want you to know that even if it isn’t me, I will
be happy for you.  I might not show it.  In fact I probably won’t, but I
love you enough to let you go.  I only want for you to be happy. Even if I
can’t bring you that happiness, I want you to be happy.”  Her voice cracked
as she finished and she forced on her mask of false happiness while drying
the tears in her eyes.

        “Well I guess I better be going insi-“ She was cut off as a soft
pair of
lips pressed against hers.  Her eyes immediately shot open in surprise.

Tenchi lost control of himself.  His instincts kicked in as he heard her
confession and the only thing that mattered to him was keeping her there
with him.  He felt the pain he had caused all the girls by trying spare them
of it.  Out of all of them however, the one he had hurt most of all was
sitting right next to him.

The dimension tuner experience flew back into his mind.  She had given up
her perfect world for him and he had pushed her away.  She wished for his
love and he called her selfish.  She did everything she could think of to
earn his love but he never showed her any more affection than that of a
friend.

Katsuhito had had Tenchi begin meditation after their return to earth in
order for Tenchi to find more about himself.  Tenchi had tried to search his
soul to find himself.  “Meditation is the pathway to our hearts.  Through
it, we can learn who we truly are,” his grandfather had told him.

But Tenchi had not been able to find himself.  There was a wall that Tenchi
could not seem to get beyond.    Try as he might, it did not waiver.  It did
not crumble, leaving Tenchi without the explanation that he wanted.

As she tore her heart out and offered it to him, the wall shuddered.  He
pried at it as she continued her confession.  As her voice cracked, the wall
tumbled down and everything became clear to him.

Tenchi grabbed her head and was kissing her before either of them knew it.
Her heart threatened to surge out of her chest as she closed her eyes
savoring the moment.  She lost any grip of rational thought and lost herself
in the moment.  Slowly, after what seemed to be an eternity, they pulled
back.  She wore a look of bewilderment as well as a scarlet blush. He smiled
back at her as his face turned even redder than hers.  .

        “I… love… you too Ryoko,” he said nervously. His body language and
uncertainty begged her to respond with another confession of her own.  She
pulled her hand down from her lips and looked upon the young man with a
stunned expression.  To say she surprised would be a comical understatement.

        “You love me?” she squeaked, her voice wavering along with her body.
She
was sitting up, but the weakness she suddenly felt threatened to leave her
on her back.  As her upper body collapsed, she felt herself being pulled
towards something.  She looked at the strong arms that now held her and
decided she could die happy.  When his lips met hers again, she wondered if
she wasn’t already.

        His blush was disappearing yet his smile was bigger.  “I love you
Ryoko.
You, and only you.  I finally realized that after-” For the second time in
that night, a sentence was cut off by a kiss.  She opened her mouth
increasing its passion, and surprisingly, he did the same. When his tongue
entered her mouth, she was sure she had died and gone to heaven.

        They simultaneously broke the kiss and looked at each other with a
smile.
“Tenchi Masaki.  Do you have any idea how long I have waited to hear that?’”
she asked from her comfortable haven in his lap.

        “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before, but I didn’t realize it until
right
now,” he said.  She smiled happily and was about to respond when a drop of
moisture hit her cheek.

“I’m so sorry Ryoko.  I’m so sorry. I can’t live without you.  Ever since we
separated on Juria, you haven’t left my mind.  No matter what I do, I can’t
shake you out of it.  And I’m happy that I can’t.”  It wasn’t until now that
she noticed the tears running down his face.  She floated out of his embrace
and sat next to him looking into his warm brown eyes.

        “Tenchi, what’s wrong?  Why are you crying?” she asked, hoping that
she
could do something to help him.  She placed her hands on both his shoulders,
coercing him into her embrace.

        Without a second thought he dove into her chest, sobbing on one of
her
breasts.  She rubbed his back and muttered comforting words to him, all the
while confused about his actions.  ‘He doesn’t regret what we just did does
he?’ she pondered.  She listened to his sobs as he hugged her tightly, never
wanting to let go.

        “You almost died,” he cried out.  He pulled out her arms and stared
at her
through cloudy vision.  “You almost died because of me.  You almost left me
because of my stupid actions.  How can you forgive me?”

        The pain present on his face stung her heart.  “Oh Tenchi, I will
always
forgive you.  You did what you had to and you had to go face Kagato.”  She
smiled warmly at him.  “You think you almost killed me?  Tenchi, you saved
me.  If you hadn’t killed Kagato, my healing abilities would have never
kicked in and I would have died.  And then I wouldn’t be here, would I?  Now
come on. If you think you can get away from kissing me again that easily,
you have another thing coming to you.”

        He wiped his tears one of his sleeves as the pirate suddenly tackled
him
onto his back, in the process, almost throwing them both off the roof.  She
lowered her head to meet his and proved that he indeed could not get away
from kissing her.  Not that he wanted to get away at all.

________

        Kiyone Makibi took another sip of tea and spat it out again.  “My
god
Mitsuki!  You’ve even taken a class on making tea and you still can’t do it
right!”

        “Sorry Serge,” the red headed woman said while glaring at the teal
tressed
GP reading a newspaper.  Kiyone flung the paper down and almost caught
Mitsuki glaring at her. Luckily for the red haired woman, she successfully
changed her facial features before her superior caught the look she had been
giving.  “Get out of my office!” Kiyone yelled at the obnoxious GP.  Mitsuki
threw a folder on Kiyone’s desk and stormed out of Kiyone’s office.

        Mihoshi Kuramitsu giggled at Mitsuki’s antics, and Kiyone found
herself
joining Mihoshi in laughter.  Calming herself, Kiyone picked up the folder
and pressed a button on it that projected a holographic image of a document.
  She scanned the lines reading out loud to give her partner a little gist
of what was happening.  Though with Mihoshi, odds were that she didn’t even
realize that Kiyone was reading something. “Kiyone… Mihoshi… clear out
office… report to academy at 0700 hours… one year… teaching program…” Kiyone
threw the folder back on her desk with disgust.

        “What’s the matter Kiyone?” the bubble headed blond asked her
partner.
Kiyone sighed in grief at her partner’s question.

        “Mihoshi.  We’ve been assigned to teach at the Police academy in a
one year
special teaching program.”  A headache was growing in her head as she rubbed
her temples.  When her partner burst out into tears, she vowed that next
time she signed the contract for a promotion, she would read the fine print.

________

        Washu leaned back on her chair.  Those fools thought that they could
make
her president and kick her out of the Universal Science Academy within a
month.  Well, they had messed with the wrong genius.

        “You go Washu,” Washu-bot A cheered.

        “Yeah, you’re the best.  No one can kick the greatest genius
universe out
of any old science academy and get away with it,” Washu-bot B cheered.

        “Washu’s the best!” they cheered in unison as they scurried back
into her
hair.  Washu cackled evilly as she pressed a button.  She wept dramatically
and brought a tissue to her eyes.

        “Goodbye my iddy, bitty, widdle virus.  Mommy wuvs you,” she cried.
She
waved good- bye, as the words, ‘message sent’ appeared on her monitor.  She
chuckled to herself a little as she thought of what it would do to the
academy.

        ‘Lets see if they question whom the greatest scientific genius in
the
universe is when they have it flashing on their computers for the next
five-hundred years,’ she thought happily.  She threw back her head and
cackled madly.

        As her laughter subsided, she hopped off her floating pillow and
began to
walk towards a more natural area in her laboratory.  She found that she
worked best when surrounded by waterfalls and luscious plants.

        She plopped down on a couch and stared at the falling water.  The
stream
propelled itself over the cliff at alarmingly fast speeds.  Propelled.
Self-propulsion. Propulsion…

        She jumped out of her seat and summoned her astral computer.  “I’ve
got
it!” she stated triumphantly as she began typing wildly.  Time did not even
seem to pass as she worked.  She pried her eyes off the monitor for a second
and swallowed a capsule providing all the materials her body would need for
the next two years.  With a final glance at the waterfall, she immersed
herself in science, living in total bliss of the outside world.

________

        Aeka grabbed the two bags she had packed and carefully stepped out
of her
room.  She had already paid off the captain to the cargo ship she would be
boarding and now all she had to do was get there.  She gave laid a note down
on her bed that was addressed to Sasami and crept down the hallway.  She
made an effort to stay in the shadows as much as possible hoping for
increased stealth.

        ‘Almost there’ she thought hopefully.  She rounded another corner
and found
it devoid of life just as she had hoped.  She walked halfway down the
corridor and knocked on the wall.  The hollow wall shimmered out of view,
leaving an opening in its place. She beckoned the lights on with her tiara,
and the dark opening in the wall was illuminated.  It revealed a long
corridor that was in desperate need of attention.

        The only sign that human hands had touched it were the lights that
hung
from the dirt ceiling.  She chuckled a little and began her procession down
the dirt corridor.  She doubted that her father knew even half the secret
passages in the palace.  Discovering the secrets of her home had been one of
her favorite pastimes as a child.  She would wander throughout the palace
looking for any places that would feed her hunger.  She had been very
fruitful in her expeditions.

        Sasami had done much of the same things when she was younger.  Aeka
sighed
wistfully at the thought of her sister.  Sasami would be heartbroken that
Aeka was leaving, but Aeka knew that she had to see Tenchi.  Her father was
not helping in that matter at all.

        Soon after Tenchi had left Juria, it had been discovered that the
old
emperor and his two wives were alive.  The leaders of the coup d’etat had
taken them as a threat to the revolution and imprisoned them along with the
other heirs to the throne.  Afterwards, they had been found in subspace and
it had been decided that they would be restored as the rulers of Juria.
Aeka had been thrilled with the developments.  She loved her parents, and
now they were alive and back with her.  They had also taken her
responsibilities of ruling Juria, which she reasoned, allowed her time for
an extended vacation.

        She had been crushed when her father had rejected her wishes to
return to
Earth.  Despite her pleas, Azusa refused to budge.  The emperor’s
stubbornness forced her to the circumstances she was now taking.  She
wouldn’t have usually resorted to running away, but her need to return to
her family on earth demanded it.

        She took a step into the light and looked upon the forest she was
now
standing in.  She moved carefully out of the tree, that’s branches concealed
the passage, and knocked on the wall next to the opening.  The opening in
which she had come from became a solid wall again.  Aeka smiled as she
walked on in her civilian attire.  Her regal kimonos were safely stored in
her bags, for she did not wish to bring unneeded attention to herself.  She
walked out of the trees and headed towards a transport platform on the other
side of the royal park she was in.

        “What’cha doin’ there princess,” a mischievous, male voice asked
from above
her.  She immediately looked skyward and was greeted by the image of a young
man.  He had straight red hair that was pulled back into a ponytail that
extended to the middle of his shoulder blades.  His gaze was warm, yet full
of energy and his sharp brown eyes seemed to hold a fire inside of them.

        Her heartbeat quickened as she saw the young man sitting on a tree
branch a
little ahead of her; either from his looks or the possibility of being
caught.  She was almost positive it was the latter, though he was not hard
on the eyes at all.  Her breath caught in her throat when she saw what he
was wearing.

        The staff he held in his hands, and the robes he wore.  The worst
type of
person she could have run into, save her father, had found her.  A Jurian
Knight.

        “You wouldn’t be planning on running away would you?  Because if you
were,
I have strict orders to make sure you don’t.  But then again, what would a
beautiful woman like you want to run away for?” He asked in a tone that
totally lacked respect.  ‘Did he just call me beautiful?’ she questioned
incredulously.

“So you aren’t are you?  I mean Azusa might be pretty ticked if you were
running away and I had to apprehend you,” he said very nonchalantly.  Not
like a knight at all.

        ‘He knows,’ she thought.  ‘Father knows of my plans.’

        She shook her head and muttered no very weakly and completely
unconvincingly.  He leapt off the limb and landed on the ground.  “Thought
so,” he muttered sarcastically.

        She must have had a very scared look on her face or he was very good
at
picking up on others feelings.  “You don’t have to worry princess.  Your
father doesn’t know of you plans.  Only I do.  Allow me introduce myself,”
he said compassionately.  He took a long, extenuated bow that reinforced the
impression of having a big ego.

        “My name is Matthias, second sword of the Royal Guard.  And now, I
have
been dubbed your personal guard.” He stated proudly.

        Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head.  “Second Sword of the Royal
Guard!
How old are you?”

        “Nineteen.  I’m a fast learner” he replied proudly.

        “Nineteen and a second sword.  That’s amazing,” she said in
astonishment.

        He looked at the fingernails on his right hand, breathed on them and
rubbed
them on his robe.  He raised them up to his eyes again and puffed his chest
out.  “Well I’m pretty amazing.  You’ll find that out pretty soon though,
because as it is, your stuck with me until further notice.”

        Aeka groaned at meeting another person with an ego the size of the
universe.  She very quickly decided against having Washu and Matthias in the
same room at same time, in fear of drowning the other people in their
enormous self adornment.  “now lets get you back to your room,” he said as
he approached her.

Feeling lost and lonely she closed her mind of from the rest of the world
and allowed the young knight to escort her to her room in total silence.
She collapsed on her bed and accepted defeat.

________

        Sasami returned to her room with disappointment, although hers did
not even
compare to her sisters.  Sasami had been overjoyed minutes ago, but now a
sinking feeling in her chest had taken it’s spot.  When Kamidake had brought
the letter that Aeka had left,she was naturally curious.  When she found out
that Aeka was running away to Earth, Sasami had been ecstatic.  She had run
like a bat out of hell to her sister’s room, followed closely by both the
logs and knights Azaka and Kamidake.

        Yet, she had found Aeka in her room crying.  This had torn at the
little
princesses heart, and she had immediately known the problem.  Aeka had been
caught when she attempted running away.  Aeka who had noticed Sasami’s
entrance into her dormitory had politely asked to be left alone.

        Sasami had wanted to stay and comfort her big sister.  To tell her
that
everything would be all right and they would get back to Earth soon, but
over her own wishes came her sister’s plea.  Not wanting to further
aggravate the problem, Sasami had told Aeka that she loved her and had
retired to her own room.

Azaka  kindly asked for a lesson on playing video games but Sasami just
didn’t feel like it right now.  She sighed and politely told him she was too
tired.  The knight… her friend had understood and accepted it.  Friend…

        It was true that both the logs and knights Azaka and Kamidake were
her
friends.  Aeka was her sister and her friend.  So were her mothers and her
father.  But beyond that, she had no real friends on Juria.

        But she had other friends.  Tenchi, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi,
Noboyuki,
Katsuhito, Nagi, and Ryoko…  Ryoko.  The name echoed of the sides of her
brain.  She had known of the space pirate’s injuries.  She had been the only
one besides Washu and Nagi.  She sighed and jumped onto her bed back first.
She rolled over and clutched a pillow up to her head using it to wipe away
her tears.

        ‘Ryoko’s alive,’ the princess thought with a hopeful smile.
‘Anybody else
would have died but Ryoko is too strong.  Plus she still needs to hear
Tenchi’s decision,’ She thought, her hope growing.  ‘Yeah right.  Tenchi
make a decision?  He’ll probably never decide.  And Ryoko will ask for him
to do something with her.’  She managed a hearty chuckle and let the
weariness go unrestrained.

        ‘And Aeka will get mad and fight with her.  Washu will make a new
invention
and Mihoshi will make a mess of it.  And then Kiyone will yell at her.  Will
be a family again.  The carnival will be back… I just know it.’  With a
final yawn she let herself slip into the first happy sleep she had had since
Tenchi had returned to Earth.

Author’s Notes: Not much to say.  Hope you enjoy this fic. Please send C&C
to Ledzepfan111@hotmail.com.  Remember that comments are important to
authors.
        -Ledzepfan