**Disclaimer** Tenchi Muyo TV is the property of AIC and Pioneer.  They own
all the characters except for: Achika, Asmodean, Indigo, Matthias, and
Sudorin. They are mine.  I am not getting money for this fic but am merely
writing for the pleasure of my readers and myself.
**Note that there is a little I have added to Indigo/ his father scene in
chapter 2.  If you haven't read the updated version of it, then you might
get a little confused, however what I added is not very important.  Key
change being one word… it begins with L and ends with T (if you don't get
the change then email me and I'll tell you it.)

A Crown of Lies
Chapter 3-  An Answer Found

"Hi Auntie Kiyone!" the little girl cyan haired girl cheered as she
enveloped the teal haired GP in a hug.  Weariness began to rise into Kiyone
as the four-year-old embraced her.

        "Achika, there will be time for seeing your Aunt Kiyone later,"
Katsuhito
said warmly.  "Why don't you go brush your teeth and let Grandpa Noboyuki
get you ready for bed," he coerced.  The brown-eyed girl let go of the first
class detective with a sour look.

        "Grampaaaaaa," she whined.  "I'm not a little girl, I'm a big one.
I don't
want to go to bed," she stated firmly, as she crossed her arms in front of
her chest.

        Noboyuki set down his bags and made his way out of the hall.  He
stopped
and looked back at the group with a mischievous smile.  "Well, I was
planning on reading 'Washu-chan-locks, and the Three Cabbits' to someone
tonight, but if you would rather stay up, then-"

        He trailed off as a small hand grabbed his own, and started dragging
him
towards the upstairs with a fury.  Kiyone watched in astonishment as the
happy grandfather and granddaughter disappeared from view.

        Her body began to collapse as her strength left her.  Her senses
dulled to
the point where she did not even notice the strong hands move to her waist
in an effort to support her.  "Miss Kiyone, I think you should go rest now.
It has obviously been a hard day for you," Katsuhito said as he led her
towards the stairs.

        Her concussion had left her dazed and tired, but it was now
amplified by
the shock she had experienced.  Before she knew it, she had been lead
through the house and into her old room.

        Katsuhito laughed a little at the blond GP sprawled across one of
the
futons snoring loudly.  "She must have come up when her show was over," he
remarked as he escorted Kiyone to her bed.  "Goodnight Miss Kiyone," he said
politely as he headed towards the exit.  Kiyone sat down on the bed with an
audible thump.

        "Wait, Lord Katsuhito," she said as she lay down on her back.  The
Shinto
priest turned around and gazed at her with an unreadable look.  "What
exactly is going on around here?"

        His facial features became warm and comforting. "We'll explain it
all
tomorrow.  Go to sleep Kiyone."  He turned around and left the room before
she could say another word.

        A soft smile graced her lips as she closed her eyes.  'Life sure is
weird
again,' she thought.  'But I wouldn't have it any other way.'  She smiled
even wider before she took Katsuhito's advice and let sleep overtake her.

________

"Tenchi…" Ryoko murmured happily.  She smiled, embracing the feelings that
coursed through her.   Everything felt so at peace… so tranquil.  It was as
if the world was a happy dream in which nothing ever went wrong.  She
snuggled up against her lover's bare chest let out a content sigh.

        "Hmm?" Tenchi asked dreamily.  His eyelids were closed, although he
was
still awake.  Both lay almost motionless, enjoying the love that they shared
with each other.

        "Do you remember our first time?"  She moved off his chest and
propped her
head up on one of her hands, so she was staring directly at his face.

        "Our wedding night?" he questioned, opening his eyes and staring at
the
cyan haired woman.  Her eyes gave away her answer.  "How could I forget it?"

        "It was so perfect.  I'm glad we waited until our wedding night,"
she
reminisced.

        "Waited?  Weren't you the one trying to seduce me into bed every
night?" he
teased.  She gave him a little glare but could not hold it for long.

        "Okay, so you were the reason we waited.  Happy?" she asked
sarcastically.

        "Very," he replied while gazing into her golden eyes.  They were so
entrancing to him that he feared if he didn't stop looking, he would be lost
in them forever.

        "I always dreamed of you being my first.  I just never though it
would be
as husband and wife."   Tenchi smiled as she brought her head up onto his
pillow, inches away from his own face.  He could feel her breaths leave her
mouth and flow through the air, stirring his hair each time they impacted
with his head.

        " 'Oko?" he asked.  Her body shook with pleasure at the sound of her
favorite pet name.  It still sent shivers of excitement down her spine when
he used it.  To others it might have seemed strange that a name could have
had elicited such a response out of her, but to the both of them, it was
more than a name.  It was a reflection of their intimacy and love.

        "Yes Ten-chan?"

        "You're happy with your life right?"   She giggled a little at the
absurdity of his question.  Of course she was happy.  The one thing that she
had craved was finally present in her life.  His love was all she needed to
be happy.

        She was about to tease him a little about his question when she
noticed the
tone in which he had said it.  It contained an emotion she hadn't felt in a
very long time.  His arms hugged her a little tighter, reaffirming any
suspicions she had that he was afraid of something.

        "What's wrong Tenchi?" she asked.  His mouth was just forming the
word
'nothing' before she cut him off.  "And don't you say nothing because I can
tell you are afraid of something."

        He sighed and held her a little tighter.  "I'm happy that Kiyone and
Mihoshi are back and pretty soon everyone will be here again. "  She nodded
her agreement, slowly realizing what was causing his fear.  "I'm just afraid
of hurting Aeka," he confessed.  "She'll be back, and I'm not sure how
she'll take the news."

        "You don't regret your decision do you Tenchi?" Ryoko asked meekly.
Her
insides froze despite the warm temperature.  Fear clutched at her soul as
she waited for his answer.

        He chuckled a little at the sudden reversal of their emotions. "Of
course
not Ryoko.  I told you that I wouldn't or couldn't ever regret loving you.
It's the best thing that ever happened to me."

        "Good," she said happily.  "Tenchi, we're gonna have to tell
everyone.
Aeka's gonna get hurt."  His muscles tightened ad he realized the truth in
Ryoko's words.  "But Tenchi, I think she'll be alright.  If anyone can get
through this, I think Aeka can.  She's a lot stronger than we give her
credit for.  I know that I wouldn't be able to handle it… but I think that
she can.  And she'll have us here to help her."  She returned his embrace
trying to take away all the hurt he had ever felt.

        Ryoko frowned at him when he broke into laughter.  "And what, pray
tell, is
so funny?" Ryoko demanded.

        "I think you spending too much time with Grandpa.  You're starting
to get
old and wise on me," he said trying to stifle his laughter.  "Or maybe
you're just maturing."

        She let out a growl.  "Tenchi, I love you to death but I swear if
you don't
shut up, I'll kick your ass."  She let out a yelp as he teleported away.

        Ryoko phased into her red and black battle suit with a wide grin.
"I guess
it's time for training."  She teleported out of her ship and landed on the
ground, next to the Masaki house.  The sun peaked over the mountains,
illuminating the sky with a pink glow.

        She scanned her surroundings carefully while generating a
reddish-orange
light sword.    She barely had enough time to phase out before a blue light
sword swung at her.  Ryoko teleported a few feet away and looked at the spot
she had been standing.  Her husband faced her with his blue light sword
extended in front of him.

He was clad in his own battle suit.  It was black in the middle, however a
blue flame-like pattern covered both his sides. 'He looks so sexy in that'
she observed as she assumed a battle stance.

"Tenchiiiiii, we just had our night time training.  Why do we have to spar
now?" she whined.  A blush covered his cheeks at her not so subtle innuendo.
Shortly after there marriage, Ryoko had dubbed any of their private romantic
activities, their 'night time' training.

        "You don't want Grandpa to tease us like he did last time, do you?"
he
said.  She nodded her head as she let out a sigh.  Without any warning he
disappeared again.  Ryoko's ears perked up as she listened for her lover to
make his move.  The one downfall to teleportation was the small noise it
made when used.  She reflexively spun around and blocked his incoming
assault.

        Gritting her teeth, she took to the air pounding on with a flurry of
her
own attacks.  He smiled as she drove on.  "So Tenchi, where did Indigo and
Kamidake sleep last night?" she asked as she was forced into the defensive.
Tenchi let out a chuckle as he arced his sword down only to be met by her
blade.

        "I think that Kamidake slept up at the shrine with Grandpa.  And I
left
Indigo in Aeka and Sasami's room.  He's still out cold, " he answered while
stopping his attack.  He flew backwards, increasing the distance between the
two warriors.  "What are the rules today?" he asked innocently.

        "No rules," she answered as she positioned her sword parallel to her
waist.
  He grinned as his sword disappeared.  He moved his hands in front of his
body and began gathering energy.  A blue energy ball appeared between his
hands as he studied his opponent.  Without warning the crackling energy flew
towards the cyan haired pirate.

        It hit Ryoko's shield and fizzled out.  "Better luck next time," she
taunted as she phased out.  He immediately flew backwards as she appeared in
front of him.  He let loose another volley of energy blasts at the cyan
haired pirate, however Ryoko dodged the blasts as she continued her
approach.

        He grunted seeing that his energy blasts were doing little to affect
his
wife.  A little surprise showed on Ryoko's face as he formed his sword again
and started towards her.  The air shifted violently as the two swords made
contact with each other.  Both the warriors pressed harder with their blades
as they tried to move each other.  Neither of them budged as they exerted
more strength into their attack.

        Their faces were inches apart. Ryoko's features were strained and
her fangs
were gleaming in her open mouth.  A look of bewilderment graced her face as
two arms grabbed her from behind pulling her into a headlock.

Losing all her concentration, her energy sword disappeared opening herself
up to attack.  Her body went limp as her lovers lips met her own.  She
moaned with delight, totally forgetting the arms that restricted her
movement.  The arms loosened their hold on her as the kiss ended.  She
immediately broke free and spun around to look at her unknown attacker.  Two
sets of laughter sounded out as she stuck out her bottom lip and began to
pout.

        The Tenchi that had kissed her merged together with the one that had
been
holding her as they continued to laugh.  "Tenchi.  You're only supposed to
double yourself when we're doing our night time training," she whined.  He
continued laughing as he descended towards the ground.

        "Hey you were the one that said no rules if I remember correctly,"
he said
as he began to walk towards the house.  Ryoko Masaki gave a snort as she
flew next to her husband.  She landed on the ground and began walking beside
him.  Her mood brightened when one of his arm's wrapped around her waist.
'I can never stay mad at him,' she thought as she leaned against his body.

________

        Indigo watched with astonishment as the couple disappeared into the
house.
He had woken at sunrise and had decided to get a little fresh air while he
waited for his hosts to get up.  All had gone well as he had managed to get
out of the house without disrupting anything or anyone.   After taking one
look at the wreckage of his ship, he had walked away hoping not to become
depressed by his predicament.

________

He pulled out a locket from under the neck of his shirt.  Lazily, he
unclasped the chain it was on and moved the locket in front of him.  'I
wonder if that woman is really the one I've been looking for,' he pondered.
He opened up the locket and a holographic image jumped out at him.  He
studied the cyan haired woman in the picture.  'They do look exactly the
same and they are both space pirates… but how in the hell am I supposed to
know if she's the right girl,' he thought.

He sighed again and continued walking. 'Well maybe she has a sister… and the
sister looks like the other girl in the locket… Damn it!  This is so
frustrating,' he cursed.  The space pirate kicked at the ground in
frustration.

'There's only one sure way to know.  If she has the same power as the royal
family does, there will be no denying she's one of the missing princesses.'

'Then I can finally go home,' he thought hopefully.  'I'll save the empire
and I'll be with my family again.'

A familiar male and female voice grabbed his attention.  'That's Ryoko and
the guy that helped me,' he recognized.  He quietly headed towards the
voices, being careful to not attract any attention.

Indigo, pushed through an outcropping of trees and into a clearing next to
the Masaki house.  His heart nearly caught in his throat at the sight before
him.  Ryoko and Tenchi were battling across the clearing.  His first
instincts were to rush to the aid of the cyan haired woman, but he fought
them down when he heard her say something out about sparring.

The two figures battled ferociously, becoming little more than red and blue
blurs when they increased their speed.  Indigo's heart began to beat faster.
  'There is no doubting it now.'  A smile graced his lips.  'She is the one.
  She has the power of the Royal Family of Malkita.'

Indigo's happiness left him almost oblivious to the fight above him. 'All I
have to do is confront them.'

________

        "Food, food, food," Achika chanted as she pounded her hands on the
table.
Ryo-ohki happily 'Miyaed' in time with the little girl as the extended
Masaki family awaited their breakfast. Mihoshi joined Achika in her cheer.

Kiyone hid a smile at her partner's behavior.  "Mihoshi cut that out.  You
need to set a good example for Achika."

"That's Ok Kiyone," a muffled voice said.  Ryoko walked into the kitchen
with her arms full of food.  A cracker was held firmly in the pirate's mouth
by her lips.  The cyan haired pirate laid some plates down on the table and
floated over to her seat.  "Let's Dig in!" she cheered enthusiastically.

Indigo was feeling very out of place.  No one at the house had treated him
badly.  In fact they had all been very nice to him, although Kiyone gave him
the occasional glare.  She still seemed very upset over the loss of her
ship.

Perhaps it was the fact that they were nice to him that made him feel so out
of place.  They forgot about the way he had arrived and welcomed him with
open arms.  'I have to decide how to tell them about Ryoko,' he concluded as
he studied his hosts.

"Mr. Indigo, why aren't you eating?" Achika asked innocently as she looked
at the pirate.  "Aren't you hungry?"

Indigo shook his head at the girl's question.  He had discovered that Ryoko
had married Tenchi and had given birth to Achika. Her father in law,
Noboyuki, had explained it with much pride.  It was obvious that he was
happy at what had life had given him.  He had been very gracious in allowing
Indigo boarding and for that the pirate was very thankful.

'Such a sweet child,' Indigo mused.

"My mommy says that if I want to be a good space pirate,  I have to eat and
get big and strong."  Kiyone looked over at Ryoko with an amused smirk.
Ryoko blushed under the GP's gaze.

"Wow, really," Mihoshi asked.  "Hey Kiyone did you hear that.  If we want to
be good space pirates we have to eat a lot.  I wonder…"  She trailed off as
she became lost in deep thought, though in Mihoshi's case, deep thought was
an overstatement.

"You wonder?" Tenchi asked as he jumped into the conversation.  Indigo
watched the interaction with much amusement.

"Well… I wonder if I have to eat nothing to be good Galaxy Police officers.
Kiyoneeeee, I want to eat," she wailed.  Kiyone buried her face in her hands
at the blonds reasoning while the rest of the table burst out into laughter.

        "You block head!  Can you get anything straight?" the teal haired GP
screamed. Kiyone's face was beet red from her frustration.

        "Mmmm. Ryoko this is so good," Mihoshi happily exclaimed.  She
turned her
head from the food and gave Kiyone an odd stare.  "Kiyone, what's wrong?
You know, you really should calm down and eat some food."

        Kiyone sat down with a sigh.  Some things would never change.  "This
is
just as good as Sasami's cooking.  I don't know what you were talking about
yesterday about rather dieing than eating one of Ryoko's meals-."

        "Will you be quiet you bubble head!"  Mihoshi attempted to reply to
her
partner but Kiyone's hand was firmly clamped over the blonde's mouth,
muffling her words.  Tenchi smiled at the two GP's antics.

        "I guess it's time I get going to the carrot fields," he announced
as he
stood up.   Ryo-ohki bounded into the room and hopped up onto the prince's
shoulder at the sound of her favorite food.  "Ready Ryo-ohki?" he asked the
carrot crazy cabbit.  She "Miyaed" her approval and the two set off into the
kitchen.

        "Bye Tenchi," Ryoko said as she finished up her meal.  She reached
her
finger up and picked a piece of rice of her cheek.  The moment she placed
the rice in her mouth, a set of lips landed on her other cheek and gave her
a quick peck before disappearing.  She doubted that anyone besides Katsuhito
had seen her husband for the brief second he had been next to her.

        "Bye Daddy," Achika yelled through a mouth full of food, waving in
the
direction of the kitchen.  Ryoko cleared her throat.

Achika immediately spun her head around and looked at her mother.  "Achi,
honey, you know it's not nice table manners to yell at the table or talk
with our mouth full of food," Ryoko corrected.

        "Sorry mommy."  Ryoko reached across her husband's empty seat and
wiped of
the girls mouth with a napkin.

        "That's ok baby."  An ear-to-ear grin spread across her face.  "Hey
I got
an idea.  What do you say we…" She trailed off and winked at Achika.

        The girls face immediately brightened up.  With out warning, the two
cyan
haired females teleported away.

        "I can't believe it.  I never thought I'd see the day that Ryoko and
Tenchi
were parents.  And there so good at it too," Kiyone breathed out as she
picked up a piece of fish with her chopsticks.

        "They really are," Noboyuki agreed.

        "By the way, where did Tenchi go? I mean, he hasn't come out of the
kitchen
yet," Kiyone asked the table.  Before anyone could reply to her question,
she smacked her fore head with one of her hands.  "Oh, I forgot,
Teleportation.   These changes are a little hard to get used too."

        "What changes?" Mihoshi asked.  Kiyone smacked her forehead again
and
restrained herself.

        "I got an idea!" Noboyuki exclaimed.  "How would you like to look at
some
pictures I took?  Maybe that will help you get used to everything."

        "Yeah!"  Mihoshi cheered.

Katsuhito nodded his head in agreement.  "I think that is a splendid idea."
He rose out of his chair and addressed the table before leaving.  "I have to
get up to the shrine so I will see you all later."  His gaze turned to
Indigo.  "And I will see you before dinner, understand?"

The pirate shifted uncomfortably under the priests gaze.  "Yes sir," Indigo
replied.   Katsuhito nodded his head and left the room without another word.

"Does he do that often?" Indigo questioned.

        "I've known for longer than anyone else and I still can't figure him
out,"
Noboyuki replied.  Finished with his meal, he addressed the two detectives.
"Are you ladies ready?"

        They both stood up and nodded their heads.  Noboyuki turned his head
and
looked at the leftover food on the table.  'Today's my day to clear the
table but maybe I can get out of it without Ryoko getting mad,' he thought
hopefully.  "Hey Indigo, seeing as that I'm giving you food and shelter, you
must contribute to this house hold.  All you have to do is clear the table,
then you can make yourself at home."

        "Thank you very much sir,"  Indigo replied as he quickly began to
buss the
table.

        'Score one for the master!' Noboyuki thought.  "All right girls, let
me
grab the album and I'll meet you in the family room."

________

Matthias sighed as he walked out of the Medical Bay and into the hallway.
His conversation with Aeka had left him without any of the knowledge he
sought.  The only conclusion he had reached about 'Lord Tenchi' was that
Aeka was definitely in love with him, though he doubted such a commoner
deserved her affection.

        She had only started her description when Washu had burst into the
room and
herded her out declaring that she had to examine her patient.

        "Did she really have to check down there," the knight groaned,
shaking
slightly.  The door behind him slid open and the red headed scientist ran
next to him.

        "Matthias, what would you say if I could get us to Earth within two
hours?"
the scientist asked seriously.  The space pirate slowed his pace a little.

        "You can really get us there that fast," he asked in astonishment.
She
nodded her head in agreement.  "That's incredible!"

        "I could have done it all along but I wanted to give Aeka a chance
to calm
down before we reached earth.  She has to carry the burden of Sasami worry
as well."  She smiled at him, though it lacked any of her usual vanity.
"Thanks to you though, she seems to be doing just fine."

        A slight blush covered his cheeks.  "Me?  I didn't do anything
besides
listen to her."

        Washu stopped and looked back at the knight.  "Matthias, you did
more than
you realize.  You might have just listened to Aeka, but sometimes it's
little things like that that make all the difference.  You were there for
her.  And I'm afraid that she'll need you to be her support again, in the
future."

        Matthias took in the words slowly, processing everything the
scientist
said.  "Huh?  What do you mean Wa… I mean Little Washu?"

        The scientist's grin took on its usual characteristics as she spun
around
on the balls of her feet.  "I don't know?  What did I mean?"  She happily
took off down the hallway leaving the second sword to his own thoughts.

        'What a weird lady,' he concluded.  'Still, What did she mean?'  He
walked
to one of the windows and stared off into space.  The stars blurred together
as the red ship increased its speed.  'Well onward to Earth…'

________

        "This is an album of my favorite pictures," Noboyuki said as he
crossed the
room and sat down on the couch.  Kiyone and Mihoshi huddled over him trying
to get a better look at the object he held protectively in his hands.

        The binding on the album was worn down and the color had faded from
use.
The protective plastic shield the pictures were in crinkled as Noboyuki
opened the book.  The first picture caught both of the women's attention
immediately.

        It was a picture of Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding.  Ryoko was clothed
in a
white kimono standing across from her husband to be, who was clad in a black
one.  A tear trickled down the pirate's cheek as she smiled happily.  Kiyone
sighed at the romantic image.

        She had never seen two people look so in love in her entire life.
Ryoko
beamed with happiness as she stood before the shrine.  'Well why shouldn't
she? All her dreams are finally coming true,' Kiyone thought.  Her eyes
moved across the image, taking in its beauty, and finally rested on the
groom.

The warm smile that covered Tenchi's and the loving gaze he gave his wife to
be, left her wondering if it was just as much his dream as well.   "This was
Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding," Noboyuki stated proudly.

He lifted his head up and gazed into nothingness, caught up in the memory of
the happy occasion.  "I remember it like it was yesterday…  Ryoko and Tenchi
wore the same Kimono's as Achika and I did.  That was happiest day of my
life."  He pulled off his glasses and rubbed at his eyes, removing the
moisture that had gathered there.

        Kiyone was still awestruck by the picture as Noboyuki turned the
pages,
skimming through photographs of the three Masaki men and Ryoko enjoying
life.  He let out a triumphant chuckle as he turned to the next picture.

        Ryoko stood in Tenchi's arms with the happiest smile Kiyone though
she had
ever seen.  The couple seemed to glow, brightening up the room with their
happiness.  "This is my favorite," Noboyuki whispered.   Tenchi's hands met
above Ryoko's protruding stomach, grasping her gently.  Her clothes looked
stretched under the swell of her enlarged belly.  She held one hand on her
stomach while the other was held out in front of her forming a victory sign
and displaying the golden wedding band on her ring finger.

        "Wow, they look so cute," Mihoshi remarked.  Noboyuki turned his
head and
smiled at the ditz.

        'So Ryoko was really pregnant.  I wouldn't believe it if I wasn't
looking
at this picture right now,' Kiyone thought.

The next pictures Noboyuki showed them filled Kiyone and Mihoshi with even
more happy feelings.  One had Ryoko in a hospital gown protectively cradling
a little baby that had cyan fuzz on its head.  Tenchi stood next to her with
one arm wrapped around her body.

Another had Tenchi asleep on the couch with little Achika cradled in his
arms, sound asleep as well.  She looked to be about four months old and her
hair had already taken on a spiky look to it.

Noboyuki closed the album gently. He rubbed at his eyes once more before
checking his watch.  "I have to go to work," he said.  He smiled at them
before grabbing his briefcase.  "Welcome back home."
________

Indigo walked out of the house, thankful to have accomplished his chores.
'I thought you were supposed to do anything to make the guest feel at home.
Not put him to work.'

His head jerked up as his senses flared.  'What the hell is that?' He
brought his hands up in front of him taking on a battle stance.  Indigo
energy knives erupted from both his hands as he surveyed his surroundings.

He had not paid any attention to where he had been walking, and now found
himself in very unfamiliar territory.  The wind blew through the air,
chilling him to the bone.

________

        The stiff bristles of Tenchi's broom grabbed up all the leaves
coating the
shrines steps as he continued his chores.  He was clothed in robes similar
to his grandfather, though they were a little bigger to accommodate for the
height difference between the two.  He watched  intently as Ryoko trained
Achika, barely paying any attention to the sweeping he was supposed to be
doing.

        "Ok Achika, lets see you form that energy sword of yours," Ryoko
cheered.
The cyan haired girl hung her head in shame.

        "I can't make one mommy," Achika said with embarrassment.  "Me and
grampa
tried but I can't make one."  The girl sniffled a little, wiping a couple
tears that had gathered in her eyes.

        Ryoko knelt down and hugged her.  "Shhh, it's ok honey.  It just
takes
practice.  And besides, your mommy's teaching you now."

        Achika's face immediately lit up.  To her, her parents were the
strongest
people that ever lived.  The fact that her mother wanted to help her
immediately filled the girl with happiness.  She latched onto her mother in
a bear hug.  "I love you mommy."

        Ryoko returned the embrace while smiling at Tenchi. "I love you too
Achi.
Never forget that Mommy and Daddy will always love you."

        "I won't mommy."

        Ryoko stood up, although the little girl still hung on to her, not
wanting
to end the loving hug.  "Now this time I want you to try to do it
differently," Ryoko said.  Achika let go of her mother and floated down to
the ground.

        "Instead of trying to force it into a sword, just let the energy
gather
there."  Achika bit down on her lip as she concentrated.  "Now hold the
energy.  Just hold it in your hands."  The little girl felt a strange
sensation in between her hands.  She opened her clenched eyes and stared at
her hands.  They were glowing lightly, and a purple energy ball was forming
in between them.

        "Good job Achi," Ryoko encouraged the little girl.  "Now slowly
squeeze the
ball.  Don't force it, but just try to shape it.  Feel the energy form into
a sword."  Achika closed her eyes again, concentrating as hard as she could
on following her mother's instructions.

        She tentatively opened an eye, looking at her hands.  She nearly
fell down
in surprise when she saw a purple light sword in front of her.  The sword
faded as her excitement grew.

        "I did it!"  Achika eagerly kissed her mother before flying over to
Tenchi.
  "Daddy, did you see that?"

        Tenchi paused from his sweeping just before his daughter tackled
him.  The
force in which she hit him drove them both of the steps.  Ryoko laughed at
the father and daughter, floating in the air, hugging each other.

        "You bet I did," he answered while ruffling her hair.  They both
floated
down to the ground.  "Why don't you go tell your Grandpa Noboyuki, and then
you can tell Grandpa Katsuhito."

        "Yeah," the little girl said while disappearing.  Tenchi made his
way over
to his proud wife. He kissed her on the lips without a second thought.

        "How do you do it?" he asked her as he pulled her closer to him.
His arms
wrapped around her waist tightly.

        Ryoko grinned at him as her head tilted slightly.  "I guess it's
because
I'm a woman," she answered.  "And a mother."  His head slowly made it's way
down towards hers as his eyes began to close.

        They both pulled back immediately.  "I got Achika," Tenchi told her
seriously.   She nodded her head as they both teleported away.  Above Earth,
a red ship slowly made its way, descending through the heavens.

________

        Noboyuki pushed the car door shut with a sigh.  His boss considered
it his
duty to make sure that no employee ever had to deal with the stress of not
having something to work on.  And of course, his philosophy was that if you
took a day off, you were begging for him to give you more work.  He smiled
to himself.  'Well I'd do anything for my little granddaughter.'

        His heart lurched a little as a wave of pain swept over him.  'Oh
Achika,
my dear wife in heaven, I wish you could be here right now.  You would be so
proud of our son.  He has picked the most amazing woman to be his wife.'

        The pain began to recede and another smile slowly crept onto his
lips.
'You'd love Ryoko.  Your father and I have grown to love her very much.  She
reminds me so much of you.'

        His smile grew even bigger.  'And you should see your granddaughter.
She
is such a wonderful child.'

        "Grampaaaaa," Achika called as she flew over him.  "Where are you
grampa?"
She set down onto the ground a few feet in front of him.  Her back was
turned so that it faced him.

        "Grampa Noboyuki," she yelled.  He watched as she turned around.
"Grampa!"
  She made her way over to him excitedly.

        "Look what I can do," she told him.  She stopped in her approach and
closed
her eyes while biting her lower lip.  Noboyuki barely restrained himself
from running over and hugging his unbearably cute granddaughter.

        A purple light sword shot out from her hands, taking Noboyuki by
surprise.
"When did you learn to do that?" he asked.

        The little girl grinned at him.  "My mommy taught me how to do it
today.
But she says that I have to be careful and can only do it when she or daddy,
or Grampa Katsuhito or you are there."

        The purple light sword faded as the little girl finished her
sentence.  A
frown crossed her face.  "This is hard," she admitted while hanging her head
a little.  Noboyuki let out a chuckle as he walked over to his disheartened
granddaughter.

        "That's great Achika!"  He lifted her up so that she was staring
directly
into his face.  "You're only four and can already make a light sword.  Your
daddy couldn't even make one until he was seventeen and I can't make one so
don't you feel sad."  Her eyes lit up with the innocent joy they usually
held.

        She giggled a little as he hefted her up so that she was sitting on
his
shoulders.  "Let's go find Grandpa Katsuhito and-" He was cut off as his son
teleported in front of him.

"Achika, Dad, thank Kami I found you," Tenchi said with relief.  His
traditional white and blue priest robes had been replaced by his battle
gear.  "You and Achika go into the house. There's some kind of problem that
we have to deal with."

"Alright son, but be careful."  Noboyuki watched with pride as Tenchi
disappeared.  'My son you have grown so much.  Your mother would be so
proud.'  He lowered the little girl from his shoulders to the ground.
"Achika, I want you to stay right next to me."

Achika clutched onto her grandfathers arm tightly.  Noboyuki did his best to
hide his own fear as they entered the house.  They both sat down on the
couch in silence.

Achika climbed onto her grandfather's stomach as he put his arms around her.
  "Don't worry honey, your mommy and daddy will take care of it," he told
her.

"You think so?" Achika's voice held fear, yet a hidden strength in it.

"I know so."

________

          Indigo barely had time to react before a purple energy blast
whistled by
his ear.  A cloaked figure emerged from the shadows cast by the trees.  "The
space pirate Indigo. Most wanted criminal in the universe, I've been waiting
to meet you," a female voice said.

        Indigo prepared for the next attack as the cloaked woman stepped out
of the
shadows.  "Miss Nagi, I must insist that you stop your current actions,"
Katsuhito dictated.

        Nagi looked over her shoulder to see Katsuhito Masaki and Kamidake
approaching her.  "This man is my guest, therefore he is under my
protection.  I will not allow him to be taken."

        Kamidake quickened his pace so that he walked ahead of the priest.
"And by
my duty as a Lord Protector of Juria, I will see that Prince Yosho's rules
are followed."

        "And your sure as hell not going to take him," Ryoko said as she
teleported
between the bounty hunter and Indigo.  Nagi's face did not show the littlest
hint of surprise as she pushed her hood off her head.

        "I was wondering when you were going to show yourself Ryoko."  Nagi
raised
her sword so that it was pointed at the ex-space pirate.  Ryoko did not
react in the slightest.

        "This has gone on far enough," Indigo said.  He jumped into the air,
launching himself over Ryoko and landing between the two battle ready women.

        "Do not interfere," Nagi said.  A grin appeared on her face.  "I
don't wish
to fight with Ryoko, I merely need to talk to her about our past.  No get
the hell out of my way before I kill you."

        Indigo did not move in the slightest as Nagi began to approach him.
Her
purple whip came to life and wrapped itself around the pirate's neck.  "Now
stand down," Nagi commanded.  Indigo made no effort to move out of her way
as she continued towards him.

        "Our past?  What are you talking about Nagi?" Ryoko asked.  She
looked at
Nagi with a perplexed stare.

        Nagi opened her mouth to respond but was cut off by Indigo.  "Does
it have
to do anything with Malkita, Nagi?"

        Nagi stopped mid-stride.  "H-h-how did you know that?  No wait,
you're with
them right?  Interesting that the reports said nothing of you in them."

        Indigo shook his head with a smile.  "That's because I'm not with
whoever
them is."  With a swift flick of his wrist, he threw one of his daggers
through the handle of the bounty hunter whip, shorting out the purple whip
that was wrapped around his neck.  "Forgive me for that, but it was getting
hard to speak with a whip around my neck.  Now, how much do you know of the
Malkita?"

        "How do I know you're not with the rebellion?"  Nagi returned.

        "You don't," Indigo answered.  Without warning he spun around and
threw an
object at Ryoko.

        The cyan haired beauty reflexively grasped the sword hilt speeding
towards
her.  "What the hell are you doing?" Nagi screamed.  Indigo turned his head
around and flashed the bounty hunter a mischievous grin.  "Why you bastard!"

          "Wait Nagi… " Ryoko breathed out.  A reddish orange blade shot out
of the
hilt she had just received.  "What in the?"

        "Just as I thought," Indigo declared.  'Finally, after all my
searching,
I've found them.'

        The blade of the sword disappeared as Ryoko turned to Indigo.  "All
right,
now you have some explaining to do.  Just what in the hell is Malkita, and
what is this hilt?"

        The group barely noticed when Tenchi teleported next to his cyan
haired
wife, ready for battle.  Seeing that there wasn't a battle going on, he let
out a sigh of relief and dispelled his light sword.  "Hey, what's going on?"
he asked.

        "Maybe we should finish this up back at the house," Indigo proposed.
Ryoko
removed her eyes from the hilt she hold long enough to nod at the pirate.

        "Ok, we'll discuss it back there.  Besides, Achika and Dad are
probably
worried sick," Tenchi agreed.

        "Hold on for a sec," Ryoko said while staring directly at Nagi.
"Nagi, I
want it to end."

        "Huh, what?" Tenchi asked.  He looked at his wife with confusion
written
all over his face.

        "This rivalry, all the hate we have between each other.  Kami, I
don't hate
you at all.  You're actually probably the first real friend I ever had,"
Ryoko continued.  " I understand if you don't feel the same way about me,
but the fighting has got to stop.  Juria forgave me for all my crimes so I'm
not wanted anymore."

        "I've got too much to live for to fear you killing me when we could
be
friends instead."  She teleported in front of the bounty hunter, leaving her
husbands side.  "  This is your call Nagi.  Either we go from this point as
friends or enemies."  She held out her hand tentatively.

        "I can't believe I'm doing this," Nagi said incredulously.  She
reached up
with her own and hand and firmly grasped Ryoko's.

        Nagi shook her head as a little grin formed on her face. "We've been
friends this whole time haven't we?"

        "Yeah, I guess we have," Ryoko agreed.

        Tenchi smiled at the interaction.  "Lets get back to the house."

________

        "WHAT!!!" Nagi exclaimed.

        Ryoko's proud grin never left her face.  "I married Tenchi, and this
is our
daughter Achika," Ryoko told her again.

        Achika waved to the bounty hunter from her mother's arms.  "Hi Miss
Nagi,"
the little girl chimed.

        Nagi slowly started backing away from the group in disbelief.  "So
you're
telling me that you're a mother now?"

        "C'mon Nagi, it's not that unbelievable that I settled down," Ryoko
told
her, the grin turning to a frown.

        A smile spread across the bounty hunters face.  "When you say you
have a
lot to live for, you're not kidding.  Though it's a little hard to take in."

        "It was a little much, even for me," Kamidake added.  The group was
assembled in the living room, waiting for Tenchi to join them.  "By the way,
where is Lord Tenchi?"

        Ryoko set her daughter on the ground as Ryo-ohki bounded into the
room. "He
said that he had to check on something at the shrine with Grandpa."

"Ryo-ohki!" Achika giggled as she started to fly away.  The cabbit happily
hopped around the room after the little girl.

        "Oh all right, you can see her," Nagi murmured under her breath.
She
reached into her cloak and pulled out a very excited Ken-ohki.

        Ryo-ohki stopped dead in her tracks at the sight of Ken-ohki.
"Miya?" she
asked.  '

Ryoko smiled at the cabbit and nodded her head.  << It's ok with me my
little Ryo-ohki.  You can go see him if you want,>> Ryoko told her cabbit
telepathically.

"MIYA!" the cabbit screamed in delight.  She immediately took off towards
the other cabbit.  Ken-ohki hopped down out of his owner's arms with the
same eagerness Ryo-ohki showed.

"Chau!" he said with delight as he nuzzled Ryo-ohki's cheek.

"Miya," Ryo-ohki sighed with joy.

Achika giggled at the two cabbits.  "Two Ryo-ohkis!" she cheered as she
floated towards the two cabbits.  "Hi, my name is Achika," Ryoko's daughter
told Ken-ohki.

"His name's Ken-ohki," Nagi told the little girl.  She knelt down behind the
two cabbits. "Ken-ohki, why don't you say hello."

"Chau," Ken-ohki purred.

Achika's grin widened.  "Hello Ken-ohki."  Without warning, the two cabbits
pounced on the little girl causing her to giggle as their fur tickled her
skin.

Indigo watched as Kamidake tensed all his muscles and let out a gasp.  "Hey
Kamidake, what's wrong?" he asked the knight.  Kamidake looked at Indigo as
a loud roar filled the room.

"They're here," Kamidake, yelled.

________

        "Kiyone, I can't find it," Mihoshi yelled to her partner.  She
lifted a
metal bar up off one of the computer consoles and threw it behind her.

        "Mihoshi watch what your doing!" Kiyone cried out as the bar flew by
her
face.

        Mihoshi spun around and looked at her partner.  "Watch what your
doing
bubble head," Kiyone told her.  "You nearly took my head off."

        "I'm sorry Kiyone," Mihoshi wailed.  Kiyone sighed as she made her
way over
to the blond GP.

        "That's ok, you just need to pay a little more attention," Kiyone
said
compassionately.  "Now what do you say we find your control cube and get out
of this hunk of metal."

        "Alright," Mihoshi agreed.  Kiyone bent down and started searching
through
a pile of debris on the floor.

        "Say Kiyone," Mihoshi started.  "Are you all right about the Yagami
being
destroyed and all?"

        Kiyone gritted her teeth in response.  'She certainly knows how to
be blunt
doesn't she?' Kiyone thought.  "Yeah, I'm ok.  Our control cubes are the
only thing we really need, and it's only a ship."

        "But you put so much time into the Yagami," Mihoshi pushed.

        Kiyone sighed again.  "Listen Mihoshi, I'm ok, really.  Besides,
we'll
probably get an even better ship from HQ."

'I wonder if she still remembers our little talk when we crashed,' Kiyone
thought.  She looked at her partner who seemed to be lost in thought.  'This
is Mihoshi we're talking about here, of course she doesn't remember it,'
Kiyone concluded.

"Kiyone…" Mihoshi started again.

"What is it Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked.  She worked a little harder at searching
as her frustration grew.

"If you ever want to talk to me about something like what happened to your
Yagami, you can.  I mean I know I'm not as smart as you but I can try to
help you."  Mihoshi bent down and started searching for her cube on the
floor.

"Mihoshi…" Kiyone murmured.  She stopped everything she was doing and stared
at Mihoshi.  'She does remember…'

A familiar purple object caught Mihoshi's eyes as she looked underneath a
large beam of metal.  She got onto her feet and started to pull at it, but
it didn't budge.  "One, two, three," she counted as she prepared to move it
again.

Kiyone flashed her partner a smile before she grabbed the other end of the
beam and started pushing on it. They both looked at each other triumphantly
as the beam moved off of Mihoshi's control cube.  Kiyone bent down and
grabbed the cube as she began to laugh.

        "Here you go Mihoshi," Kiyone said as she handed her partner the
purple
object.

        "Thanks Kiyone," Mihoshi said as she shrunk the cube down and put in
her
pocket.

        "No, thank you Mihoshi," Kiyone returned.  "Thanks for being my
friend."

________

        Tenchi watched with amazement as the red ship landed on the shrine
yard.
He looked over at his grandfather, who nodded at him.  A pale green light
cascaded down from the red ship.

        Two chibi-Washu's walked out of the green light.  "She's the
greatest!"
chibi-Washu A told the priest and the priest in training.

        "She's the best," chibi-Washu B added.

        "She's Washu, the number one scientific genius!" they both cheered.
"Yay
Washu!"

        Washu began to laugh madly as she teleported out of the ship.
"Washu, is
that really you?" Tenchi asked in bewilderment.  Washu held out her hands,
both of them  forming the victory sign.

        "Long time, no see, eh Tenchi?" she told him with a wink.  She began
to
laugh as several voices cried out in surprise.  Washu looked over her
shoulder at the members of the Jurian Royal Family and Royal Bodyguard that
now lay on the ground.  "Didn't quite nail the landing, did you?"

        Aeka was on her feet and had Washu by the collar before the
scientist knew
it.  "Miss Washu, you did that on purpose, didn't you?"

        "Oww, I got a headache," Sasami whined.

        "Oh my poor Sasami-chan," Misaki cried out as she rushed to the
girls side.
  She lifted the blue haired princess into the air and gave her a giant bear
hug.

        "I must say, Miss Little Washu, that that was most unbecoming,"
Azaka
moaned as he stood onto his feet.

        "Lighten up, Knighty," Washu taunted as she  pulled out of Aeka's
grasp.
"And you too Princess.  Sheesh, show some respect to the greatest scientific
genius in the universe."

        "What do you mean, 'lighten up'?" Aeka growled.

        Tenchi burst into laughter as the group argued with Washu.  'You
were right
Oko, the carnival is back.'

Author's Notes-  Sorry this took so long in getting out to you but I've had
a couple distractions.  I apologize for this and hope to do better next
chapter.  Though this chapter itself was hard to write.  Thanks to all for
C&C.  I hope to get even more with the release of this chapter.  Even if
it's just a couple of words, I appreciate it.  Okay, well I hope all you
Nagi fans liked this chapter and to everyone that's been writing to me
saying that they can't wait for Aeka's reaction to all of this… Sorry, next
chapter.   Any C&C, questions, etc., send to Ledzepfan111@hotmail.com

-Ledzepfan

P.S.  Does anyone know where I get the name Indigo from, and no it's not
just because of the color of his knives?
