Disclaimer: Tenchi is the product of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not own any of
the characters in this fic except for: Achika, Indigo, Matthias, Asmodean
(see chapter 1), and Sudorin.  I am not getting any money for this fic, but
am writing it for merely the enjoyment of readers and myself.
Author’s note: Sorry it took so long to get this one out to all you.  I got
a little sidetracked (I bought every Tenchi DVD except for Shin Tenchi.).
Anyways, enjoy and give me feedback please.

This one is dedicated to the genius herself whom I have finally gotten into
the fic.

A Crown of Lies
Chapter 2- Reunions

        Sasami clung onto her sister as if Aeka was the last support in the
princess’s life.  In all truth, Aeka was the only support she had ever
really had.  Aeka had always been the pillar holding Sasami upright.

        Now was another time that Aeka was her pillar… her foundation.
Though her
parents had always tried to be there for her, ruling an empire did not leave
much time for family.  She loved them and they loved her, but Aeka had
always been there.

        Aeka held onto Sasami tightly as the little princess sat in her lap.
They
both were terribly confused as they watched the still body of Matthias.  He
was in an aqua green regeneration field that was very quickly healing his
body.  His shirt had been fallen off when the two Jurian princesses had
dragged him into the small Medical facility in the ship.

        Aeka stared intently as the wound where a beam of energy had struck
him.
The wound was very serious, but thanks to the cauterizing effect of the
energy blast and the speed in which he had been placed in the regeneration
field, the only danger was the potential of him being in a grumpy mood when
he woke up.

        “Aeka, what is going on?” Sasami asked her sister, hoping for
clarification
of their position.  Aeka shook her head and stared at the ground.  She let
out a sigh and searched her mind for an answer.

        “I don’t know Sasami.  I just don’t know,” the first crown princess
of
Juria answered.

________

        Kamidake watched as the two ships began their descent to Earth.
Years of
experience had left the Lord Protector of Juria with a level head and
ability to make thoughtful decisions in a short amount of time.

        “Identify ships,” the knight commanded the computer of his ship.  He
absently drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair.

        “Scanners identify two ships.  One is determined to be the Yagami
while the
other is unknown,” the feminine voice of the computer answered.
“Ninety-five percent chance that the ships will not survive entry into the
atmosphere at their current speeds.”

        Kamidake jumped up from his chair and clenched his jaw as he took in
the
news.  “Computer, analyze options for slowing down the Yagami.”

        “The action with the highest possibility of success is to maneuver
our ship
in front of the Yagami and push back on it.  This should allow for all of
the ships to make it to Earth safely.  However, the force our ship needs to
exert in order to slow down the Yagami will cause immense damage.  In all
likelihood, we may never make it off the ground.”

        Kamidake scratched his chin in thought.  He let out a slow breath.
“Alright, we’ll do your plan.  Just try to get us to Lord Tenchi safely,” he
said.  He sat back down and braced himself for the bumpy ride he would soon
have.
________

        Lord Sudorin Hikage gave an amused chuckle as he entered the throne
room.
Even though Sudorin was a Jurian noble distantly related to the royal
family, he would never have been allowed in the throne room of the Jurian
emperor during normal conditions.  But these were not normal conditions.

He watched as one of the knights standing before him stepped forward.
“Lord Sudorin, the emperor has been apprehended,” the knight said with a
proud grin.

        “Very good,” Sudorin said with a snort.  “Where did you catch the
filthy
beast?” Sudorin asked.  The knight stood rigid at the question, increasing
Sudorin’s curiosity.

        “He was captured in the defense control room,” the knight replied
weakly.

        Black fire coursed out of the noble’s hands at the news.  “He was
where?”
Sudorin asked filled with rage.  Evil seemed to burn behind his crimson red
eyes.

        “In the defense control room, sir,” the knight answered, trying to
hide in
his battle garb.  Sudorin’s intense gaze was leveled at him, invoking even
more fear into the unfortunate warrior.

        “Did he shut down the defense parameters,” Sudorin drilled.  The
knight
seemed to shrink in size.

        “Yes sir.  But they have been reactivated.”

        “Were their any ships that ignored the command to not leave Juria?
Did any
ships make it off Juria?” the noble asked very calm and patiently.  The mood
swing further inspired fear into the heart of the knight being questioned.

        “Yes sir, one royal transport,” the knight said meekly.

“You fool!  That was probably the rest of the royal family,” Sudorin
screamed at the warrior.  The knight barely had a chance to flinch as he was
consumed in dark flames.  The flames dissipated just as fast as they had
appeared, leaving a figure blanketed in darkness.  Black armor cascaded over
his body.

        “I thank you for my rebirth Lord Sudorin.  I am your loyal knight
Tetta,”
the knight stated as he twirled his black staff around with his fingers.
His dark hair was thrown askew and a mask of sturdiness covered his face.

        Another knight stepped back in fear.  “Wh… wha… what did you do to
him?”
the knight asked, shaking with fright.  He screamed out as black flames
covered his entire body.

        “I am Tessei,” a voice hissed out of the black flames.  Tessei’s
pale white
hair glistened down his dark armor and his eyes were slanted giving his face
a look of serenity intertwined with death.

        “We are your loyal knights here to protect you, the new emperor of
Juria,”
they stated in unison.  Sudorin laughed as he ascended the stairs and took
his place on the throne.
________

        Tenchi diligently swept the shrine stairs, removing the cherry
blossoms
that had made their way to the ground.  He smiled at the spring weather.
‘It was on a day like this that my life turned upside down,’ he thought as
he gazed at the sky.

        A sudden change in the air was all the warning he got before a pair
of lips
clamped down on his own.   Time seemed to stop as he met his cyan haired
wife in a passionate embrace.  He pulled away reluctantly with a smile and
blush.  No matter how much the young warrior changed, a certain pirate would
always be able to leave him flustered.

        ‘That’s one of the things I love about her.  I can relax with her,
yet life
is never boring.  Each day is full of excitement and possibilities,’ he
mused.

        “Aren’t you supposed to be doing laundry?” he taunted.  She flashed
him an
innocent smile and clasped her hands together.

        “Who me?  You just don’t want to kiss me any more, do you?” she
teased
back.  He shook his head at her mischievous spirit.  His love had mellowed
her out some.  The harsh atmosphere that she had worn while she was biding
for his affections was gone.  ‘Who would’ve thought that a space pirate and
a prince of the most powerful empire in the universe could fall in love?
And that that Ryoko could be a housewife, let alone be good at it?’

        She had become a great mother for her daughter and a perfect wife.
‘Grandfather and Dad seem to love her and be happy with her as well,’ he
thought with amusement.  Still…. Ryoko would be Ryoko.  Her love for life
and mischievous spirit made her who she was.

        He pulled her into a kiss of his own.  “Does that answer your
question?” he
breathed in her ear.  She burst into laughter breaking the romantic
atmosphere.

        “Hey what’s so funny?”  He asked while returning to his sweeping.
The
cherry blossoms seemed to land on the ground faster than he could sweep them
off.

        “You are.  Years ago, you would have had a bloody nose, and passed
out from
loss of blood. But now, you’re pulling me into kisses!  Not to mention, you
can be quite the master of seduction when you want to be,” she said giving
him a playful elbow in the ribs. He blushed at her words, though it could
hardly come close to his past shows of embarrassment.

        “Anyways, I am doing the laundry for your information,” she said
putting
her hands on her hips.  “Being able to split in two really comes in handy
when I got to keep you in line.”  She smiled contently as she lay back in
the air, letting the sun’s warm rays cascade over her body.  She watched as
the black haired man worked.  An idea jumped into her head, causing her to
sit upright.

        “Want to go have a picnic?” she asked.  Before Tenchi could answer,
an
identical Ryoko appeared next to her.

“All done with the laundry and lunch,” Ryoko A cheered holding up a picnic
basket and blanket.  Ryoko B nodded as they merged together.

        “I don’t see why not.  Besides I need something to get my mind off
Achika,”
he said as he laid the broom against a tree.

        She let out a sigh.  “You miss her too?” the pirate asked.  Her
husband
nodded as he made his way over to her.  He wrapped an arm around her waist
as they began to ascend the stairs.  She leaned on his shoulder enjoying the
warmth and closeness as they headed towards the lake.

________

        Tenchi laid on his back, nestling into the mattress the grass made.
“I
never would’ve thought you’d be so good at cooking,” Tenchi said with a
happily full stomach.  “It didn’t take that many classes either.  I’d love
to see you and Sasami do a meal together.”

        Ryoko blushed at his compliment, but soaked in the words like a
sponge.
“That’s just because I’m so perfect,” she murmured happily as she lay down
on Tenchi’s chest.  She wrapped her arms around him, taking in as much love
as she could.

        “I love you Ten-chan,” she said dreamily, her eyelids almost shut.
She
listened closely to the rhythmic beating of his heart as her head rose up
and down with his breaths.

        “I love you too, my Ryo-chan,” he replied as weariness overcame him.
He
felt his consciousness leaving as his eyes shut.

        The hiss of air clashing with something immediately brought the two
Masaki’s out of their would-be slumber.  Instinctively, they looked up at
the source of the sound.  Above their heads were three ships heading
straight towards the lake.

        Ryoko’s breath caught in her throat as she identified the ships.
One was a
black ship that she had never seen before but she recognized the other two.
One was definitely a Jurian ship.  Its elegant structure could only have
belonged to a Jurian Royal transport.

        The other was a very familiar ship. The Yagami was crashing along
with the
other two ships.  Ryoko smiled as the ships continued their descent.
Everyone was coming back.

        Her excitement was cut short when she noticed the amount of damage
on each
ship.  Smoke billowed off of the Yagami and unknown ship, while the engines
of the Jurian ship seemed to be dying out.

It was too late to get Ryo-ohki to help them.  There was simply not enough
time to get the cabbit before the ships made their impact with the ground.

She threw a shield up, following her husband’s actions.  Ryoko muttered a
short prayer that the ships would land all right and returned to her vigil.

________

        Kamidake counted down silently in his head.  A blunder now could
seal their
fate.  ‘Three… two… one!’ he thought.  A bead of sweat trickled down his
face.

        “Computer, engines to maximum!”  He screamed.  His ship roared as
the
engines were pushed to their limits.  A smile crossed his face as he looked
at the monitor.  The ships hit the water, narrowly missing Ryu-oh and
crashed onto the ground safely.

        “Begin repairs,” he said as he exited the craft.  He had to check
and see
if the others were all right.  Kamidake briefly hesitated before heading
over to the other wreckage.

        His heart beat with joy at the sight he saw.  A person he had
thought dead
was heading at mach one towards the Yagami.  The space pirate Ryoko formed
an energy sword and cut into the hull of the GP cruiser.

        Knowing that the occupants of the Yagami were in good hands, he
started
towards the black ship.  He approached the hatch to it and jumped back in
surprise as it burst open.  Smoke poured out of the opening in the disabled
craft.

        Tenchi Masaki floated out of the hatch, supporting a man with his
body.
The man had short, dark red hair that stood up on his head in spikes.  His
frame was medium sized yet very muscular.  Black scorch marks adorned his
clothes and his intense blue eyes shone with fury.  He immediately jumped
out of the prince’s support.

        “Hey take it easy, just trying to help,” Tenchi said while brushing
off the
ash on his own clothes.  The man snorted in response to Tenchi’s statement.

        “Like I need the help of some backwater slobs.  Imagine I, Indigo,
the
greatest space pirate that has ever existed, needing the help of you.
That’s a joke,” Indigo laughed while standing up straight.  He cracked his
knuckles, in a fruitless attempt to inspire fear into Tenchi.

        “If you hadn’t had our help, you would not be standing here right
now.  I
prevented your ship from crashing and Lord Tenchi saved you from the inside
of your ship.  You should be grateful,” Kamidake stated as he approached
Tenchi.

        The crown prince of Juria immediately spun around.  “Kamidake?”
Tenchi
questioned in disbelief.

        “It’s such a pleasure to see you again Tenchi.  We have all missed
you,”
Kamidake said.

        “Hah.  Like you could do something to help the greatest space pirate
in the
universe,” Indigo blurted out, interrupting the reunion.

“Would you be quiet,” Tenchi said, annoyed with the pride of the space
pirate.  “If my wife hears you, I’d hate to see what she’d do to you.”

‘Wife?!!!’ Kamidake’s mind screamed.  He stepped back in amazement.

“Like your bitch could do something to me,” Indigo taunted back.  Fire
immediately leapt into Tenchi’s eyes at Indigo’s remarks.  “You want to see
why they call me Indigo?” Indigo said in a further attempt to anger Tenchi.

Tenchi’s training with Ryoko had increased both their power levels, to
unbeleviable heights.  ‘Listen to that guy run his mouth.  I could take him
down with one hit,’ he thought.  ‘I just hope for his sake that Ryoko
doesn’t hear him.’

Tenchi watched as a pair of indigo colored knives erupted from the hands of
the space pirate.  “Indigo, the color of my blades.  It is the color that
strikes fear into all,” he stated proudly.  “Like your pathetic woman could
do something to me,” he taunted even more.

“You want to see what I can do to you?” Ryoko said, emerging from the Yagami
and approaching the center of conflict.  Another Ryoko teleported behind
Tenchi and laid down an unconscious Mihoshi and Kiyone, unbeknownst to the
boasting pirate.

She glared at Indigo, leaving uncertainty into the heart of the proud man.
Kamidake shook off Tenchi’s comments and decided to make sense of it later.
He knelt down beside the two GP’s and checked for injuries.

“Ryoko, no you can’t fight him,” Tenchi said addressing both the cyan haired
pirates.  His face was a mixture of determination and apathy towards the man
in front of him.

“Tenchi pleeeeaseeee,” the Ryoko behind him whined.  She gave him her best
set of puppy dog eyes.  Tenchi put his hands on his temples and began to
massage them.  He gave out a defeated sigh.

        “Ryoko, you’ll probably kill him, not that I’ll blame you,” he said
looking
at her sternly.  She giggled a little at his assumption.  His face grew into
a mask of confusion at her response.

        “Tenchi, tenchi, tenchi,” she said shaking her head to emphasize her
point.
  “I don’t want to kill him. I don’t want to kill anybody.  You know that I
have never committed a crime like that.”

He nodded his head agreeing with her train of thought.  “Yeah, I know that
you would never kill anyone unless they were threatening your family,” he
said with a warm smile.

        “Yup, your right,” she answered back with an all too perky attitude
for the
insults she had just received.  He looked at her questionably.

        “So your not gonna kill that guy even though he deserves it?” he
asked her,
wanting to confirm his assumption.  She flashed him a mischievous grin that
gave him her answer.

        “Nope,” she replied.  He let out a sigh of relief.  “No.  I’m just
gonna
hurt him really, really, really, badly,” she cheered.  Tenchi let out a
groan at his wife’s reasoning.  “Awww c’mon Tenchi. You almost pounded him
when he let his mouth loose,” she pointed out.

Indigo studied the woman before him, oblivious to the argument going on
behind him.   ‘There’s something familiar about her,’ he thought as he
studied Ryoko.  Her intense stare had not diminished at all.

        “Alright… just don’t hurt him too badly Ryoko,” Tenchi said meekly.
“You
don’t want to have anything on your conscience, do you?” he asked her.

        She shook her head in response.  “Nope, all I want is one hit.  And
I won’t
even make it a strong one,” she agreed.  She teleported back to her other
half and merged together.

        A grin spread across her face leaving Indigo with a feeling of
dread.
“Good luck Ryoko,” Tenchi shouted.  She nodded and phased into her red and
black battle garb.

        Indigo swallowed the spit in his mouth with an audible gulp.  He
turned his
head towards Tenchi and Kamidake.  “R-r-r-ryoko.  As in the space pirate
Ryoko?” he asked with a new sense of fear.  Both men nodded their heads. “Oh
shit,” he breathed out in defeat.

        As he prepared for battle, a memory resurfaced in his head.
________

        “You must find them, no matter the cost,” Indigo’s father said with
a warm
smile.  The sixteen-year-old boy nodded, accepting his father’s words.

        “They are essential to the survival of our empire, as well as the
universe.
  You will succeed where your grandfather and I failed, my son.  You can do
this task,” he continued as he reached into a pocket and drew out a locket.
He pressed a button on the locket and a holographic image appeared.

“Take this locket.  This image is what they will most likely look like in
when they reach maturity. But remember that this is only a guess that our
scientists have produced.  When you find them bring them back to our empire.
  All those involved in the conspiracy have been weeded out so it will be
safe for them to return.”  The boy looked at the image projected by the
locket he had just been given.  A cyan haired woman with golden eyes was and
a woman with light purple hair and crimson red eyes was stood before him.

        “They have been given identities that will draw away any suspicions
of
their true identities.  From now on you shall be known as the space pirate
Indigo.  Your identity should help you find them considering that one of the
girls is a space pirate and the other is a bounty hunter.  I’m sorry that I
cannot tell you their names.  Their alias’s were never was available to us.
Please forgive me for the burden I give you.  No matter what, remember that
your family will always love you.”

        “I understand dad,” the redheaded boy replied.  “I love you all.
Please
tell everybody that.”

        “I will son.  I look forward to the day we meet again,” he said
while he
walked out of the black claw.  He turned around in the doorway and smiled.
“I know you can do this.  I believe in you and have never been prouder.”  He
let a tear trickle down his face.  It reached his chin, and slowly fell to
the floor.

        Indigo watched as his father walked out of his ship.  “Black claw
let’s
go,” he said, his voice shaking a little.  He made no effort to hide the
tears streaming down his cheeks.  He let out a wail as his ship flew into
the black vortex and sharply accelerated.

That was the last time he saw his father.

________

        The image popped into his head.  ‘She looks exactly like the woman
in the
locket.  And she is a space pirate.  She’s the one,’ his mind cried out in
disbelief.  The joy he found in his revelation was cut short as a fist
connected with his head, knocking him backwards and out of consciousness.

________

        “Azaka what do you think happened to Azusa?” Misaki asked with fear
and
anticipation in her voice.  She had been silent the whole trip, deep in
thought as she sat in the co-pilots chair on the bridge.

        “Shh Misaki,” Funaho said as she approached her husbands other wife.
“Let
him concentrate on getting us to earth safely before we start questioning
him.

        “That’s quite alright my queen,” Azaka replied.  He turned to face
Misaki
and gave her the warmest smile he could muster.  “I believe that if anyone
can make it out of the situation your husband is in, Emperor Azusa Juria
can.”

        Misaki smiled, her spirits obviously uplifted.  “I going to check on
my
widdle girls,” she said, addressing the lord protector and other queen.  She
left the bridge with more life than she had shown since the coup d'etat.

        Funaho sighed as she sat in the seat her ‘sister’ had just occupied.
They
had originally resigned from the position of ruling Juria, leaving it to
Aeka since Yosho had declined the offer.  After they had been rescued from
subspace, they had retaken the throne, sensing that Aeka was not yet ready
to take on her responsibilities and that a leader was needed.

        It was unfortunate that Aeka did not even know she had a brother.
Neither
Aeka nor Sasami had been given the information of their relation to the
legendary swordsman Yosho.  It had been decided that they would wait till
the right time to tell the princesses.

        “You don’t think that he will survive, do you?” the wise queen
asked. Azaka
stared at her with a puzzled look.

        “My queen, I meant what I said.  If there is anyone that can do it,
its
Azusa,” he replied.

        “I hope your right,” Funaho said.  “What?” she murmured in
astonishment as
she was pulled off her chair by something.  Her eyes were forced closed.

________

        “Arghh, my head,” Kiyone muttered as she woke up.  Her blurry vision
cleared and she found herself looking around in astonishment.  “Am I in
heaven?” she questioned.

        A light chuckle grabbed her attention and she quickly looked for the
source
of it.  “Well since when is this heaven Kiyone?” Ryoko teased, while she
floated towards Kiyone, holding a tray containing tea in front of her.

        “Ryoko?” Kiyone asked eliciting a giggle out of the pirate.

        “Who else could have this much beauty?” she asked.  She finished her
journey to the futon on which Kiyone was laying on.  Kiyone made a motion to
get up but was quickly stopped by a shake of Ryoko’s head.

        “You have a concussion so you really shouldn’t be moving around all
that
much.  I can manage to play mommy.  Believe me, I’ve had lots of practice,”
she said as she took a seat in the chair next to Kiyone.  She poured a cup
of tea for the GP and held it out.

        Kiyone at first reached out for the cup enthusiastically but soon
caught
herself.  “Hey Ryoko, who made this?” she asked with a nervous laugh.

        “I did of course,” she said with pride.  Kiyone's hands began
retracting to
her body.  “Oh come on Kiyone.  It’s not bad.  Look,” she said while taking
a big swig of the tea.  She refilled the cup up to the top and offered it
again.  “Ahh, that really hits the spot,” she said as she swayed the teacup
in front of the detectives face, taunting the GP to take it.

        Kiyone grabbed it and without a second thought, began to drink.  She
wasn’t
usually one to make rash actions, but she was too thirsty to care.  Her eyes
nearly bulged out of her sockets with shock.  “Ryoko.  This is amazing tea!
When did you learn to cook like this?  It’s as good as Sasami’s,” Kiyone
cheered.

        Ryoko’s face lit up at the praise.  “It got boring when Tenchi was
at
school all day, so I took cooking lessons.  I guess I wanted to show him I
could cook and be a good wife, but it also made the time he was at school
seem shorter,” she said.

        “Wow, I got to say that I’m impressed Ryoko.  It’s so good to see
you
again.”  Ryoko reached over and refilled the cup with tea.  “I still can’t
believe I’m home,” she said with excitement.

        “Believe it,” Ryoko replied.  “I’ve missed you all too.  Hell, I
even
missed the chipmunk and the ditz.”

        “Speaking of the ditz, how’s Mihoshi doing?”

        “She’s doing fine.  Tenchi is checking up on her as we speak.  So
how are
you feeling?”

        “Pretty good, except for my headache.  God Ryoko, it’s so good to be
back.
How long have you been back here?  Who else is here?”

        Ryoko propped her legs up on an empty piece of bed and smiled
contently.
“I’ve been back for five years, today,” she said with a dreamy smile.  “Five
wonderful years. The only thing missing from it was the others.”

        “So you came right back to Earth after our little rebellion?” Kiyone
asked.

        “Yup.  Actually, besides Dad and Gramps, you, Mihoshi and Kamidake
are the
first ones to come back.”

        “Kamidake?”

        Ryoko stood up and stretched.  “Yeah, he put his ship in front of
yours and
basically saved you, by slowing you down.  He’s out salvaging pieces from
the ships right now.”  She started towards the door.   “Now if you’ll excuse
me, I got to check on my man,” She said innocently.

        It took a second for Kiyone to analyze the information until she
blurted
out, “Your man?  What do you mean?” she asked as she sat up and crossed her
arms in front of her chest.  Ryoko shrugged her shoulders and continued out
of the room.

        “Now wait a sec.  Your not leaving until you tell me what the hell
you’re
talking about,” Kiyone stated.  Ryoko smiled and teleported back into the
chair.  She made sure she was comfortable before she started her long story.

________

          ‘What is going on?’ Aeka thought as she slowly opened her eyes. ‘I
was
just talking with mother and watching Mathias when… Tsunami, where is
everyone?’ she thought with exasperation.  The world became clear as her
eyes adjusted to the light surrounding her.

        “Ahh, Aeka what happened?” Matthias groaned.  Her heart beat faster.
Matthias was conscious which meant he was all right for the time being.  She
spun her head and gazed upon the second sword of Juria.

        “Yeah, Aeka what happened?” Sasami muttered rubbing her head.
“Mommies, do
you know? Wait, Mommy Funaho, Azaka, how’d you get here?”

        “I don’t know princess,” Azaka said as he jumped up to a fighting
stance.
Matthias did the same but wavered a little as he clutched his side.

        “Matthias,” Aeka cried as the knight fell to his knees.  The lights
in the
room flickered out, leaving them in total darkness.  A screen appeared with
two spotlights focused on it.  Two small shadows appeared on the screen and
a fanfare echoed off the walls.

        “Allow us to introduce the most amazing and greatest, not to mention
cutest
scientific genius in the universe,” two voices cheered.  “WASHUU!”

        An evil cackle rang in the ears of the Royal family and escort as
the
screen disappeared.  “I am such a genius,” Washu stated as she held up two
fingers in a victory sign.

        “Miss Washu?” Aeka questioned.  In an instant the genius was upon
the
princess holding her by the collar of her kimono.

        “What did you call me?” Washu asked, her voice low and menacing.

        “Umm, Washu-chan,” Aeka spurted out while laughing nervously.

        The genius let out a yelp as she was whipped away from the princess
and met
with a dangerous gaze.  “Were you just threatening my little Aeka,” Misaki
asked, her eyes reflecting hatred.  The scientist gulped in fear.

        Sasami mouthed some words to Washu and the red head caught on
quickly.
“Sorry, pretty young lady.  I did not mean to make fun of your pretty
wonderful daughter,” Washu said nervously.

        “Oh that’s so much better, now give me a hug,” Misaki cooed.  Washu
gasped
for air as the light blue haired queen of Juria enveloped her in a tight
bear hug.  After what seemed like an eternity to the oxygen-deprived
scientist, Misaki let go of Washu.

        “Washu its really you,” Sasami cried out in joy as she ran over to
the
scientist, tears of happiness in her eyes.  Azaka and Aeka smiled at each
other while watching the reunion.

        “I must say that is very nice to see you Miss Washu-chan,” Azaka
said.
“But if I may ask, what in the name of Tsunami is going on?”

        “Watch this,” Washu commanded while summoning her astral computer.
A
holographic screen appeared in front of the group displaying the Jurian
craft they had just been on.  Matthias let out a grunt as five Galaxy Police
ships appeared out of nowhere and made short work of their previous
transport.

        “Those are the GP’s most advanced ships,” Washu said as the
attacking ships
disappeared.  “They have advanced stealth and weapons systems, however these
are the only ones in commission.  Someone must really want you dead.”

        Funaho nodded, and Washu decided to not pry farther.  “So Washu,
where are
we?” Sasami asked innocently.  Washu turned to the small princess with a
mischievous smile.

        “I’m glad you asked that Sasami.  Now this has taken many years of
research
and work.  What started off as a mere propulsion system has become the most
advanced spaceship in the universe.  Allow me to introduce you to the Yagami
Two,” she cheered.

        “The design is based on the Yagami, however everything has been
upgraded by
yours truly making this sucker a force to be reckoned with.”  A tear came to
her eye and she wiped it off while sniffing dramatically.  “I never thought
it possible but I am even more of a genius than I ever believed.”

        There were collective sighs at the show of vanity.  “Wow Washu,
that’s
really cool,” Sasami said.

        “Most impressive,” Azaka added.  The others muttered their approval
causing
the redhead to beam with joy.  Matthias let out a cough as he attempted to
stand again.

        In a heartbeat, he was in a hospital bed with Washu peering over him
on a
stool.  Her normal clothes had been replaced by a white lab coat and
stethoscope.  “Hmm, you’re not going anywhere until you take this Matthias.
You may be the Second sword of the royal guard, but don’t argue with a
genius.”  She forced a pill down the weary knights throat.

        “There you go.  You should be up and running on one hundred percent
in no
time.  Maybe even a little higher,” she said with a snicker that struck fear
into the heart of the courageous warrior.

        “How did you know of my position?” he asked in astonishment.  She
gave him
another snicker and tapped her head.

        “I’m a genius remember,” she said.  Two chibi Washu’s scurried out
of her
hair and held pom-poms in both their hands.

        “That’s right, Washu’s a genius,” Washu-bot A cried out.

        “Washu is the best scientific genius in the universe,” Washu-bot B
cheered.
  They waved their pompoms wildly and jumped up and down.

“Yay Washu!” they yelled before returning to the spiky hair of the
scientist.

        “I am such a genius,” Washu cackled.

        “Don’t ask,” Aeka whispered to Matthias.  He gave her an unsure nod
in
response.

        “Well anyways, we should be arriving at Earth by tomorrow night,”
she
stated.  “Hah, and you probably wouldn’t have made it in a week,” she
bragged.  The group smiled at the vain little scientist.  The presence that
the fate of Juria’s emperor had in their minds was lessened with the
reunion.  The insecurity left by the coup was replaced by a firm sense of
anticipation.  Once their family was reunited, there would be no stopping
them.

________

        “So he kissed you as you were about to leave?” Kiyone said
excitedly.
Ryoko giggled a little and nodded.  The two GP’s broke into laughter.  As
Tenchi climbed down the stairs and came upon the three laughing women, he
couldn’t help but be reminded of schoolgirls talking about boyfriends and
crushes.

        He had taken care of Mihoshi’s injuries, which do to her amazingly
good
luck, had been very few.  After a short reunion and a box of tissues later,
he had taken the GP to check on her partner.  They had entered just as Ryoko
was about to tell her lengthy story to Kiyone.

        Mihoshi had at once been overjoyed to see Kiyone and ran to the GP,
hugging
her tightly and further increasing the GP’s headache.  Ryoko, seeing
Kiyone’s discomfort, stifled her laughter and suggested that they finished
the story downstairs.  Kiyone, finding an excuse to get out of Mihoshi’s
grasp agreed quickly, while Mihoshi, consented for the sake of agreeing with
her partner.

        Tenchi had just finished checking up on Mihoshi and Kiyone’s room.
After
seeing that everything was in order he had headed down the stairs to meet
with his friends again.

        “Wow, who would’ve thought that Tenchi could do something like
that?”
Kiyone asked in amazement.

        “Yeah,” Mihoshi agreed as Tenchi walked into the room.  The three
women
immediately snapped their attention to him.  Ryoko gave him a loving smile
while Kiyone and Mihoshi looked on him with astonishment.

        Tenchi laughed nervously at their change in focus.  “Is there
something I
can do for you?” he asked while scratching the back of his head.  Ryoko
shook her head a little with a wide smile.  ‘Tenchi will always be Tenchi.
But I love him,’ she mused to herself.

        For the first time, Kiyone noticed the physical changes in her
friends.
Kiyone admitted to herself long ago when she first came to the Masaki house
that despite the fact that Mihoshi and she had been the most attractive
officers on the force, they had much competition at the country house in
Okayama.  Ryoko had probably always been the most beautiful women she had
ever known and that had not changed at all.  The years had only augmented
her beauty.

        Tenchi had been the biggest change though.  She had left him as a
medium
sized boy that was bulky but not skinny either.  He had grown much taller,
to the point that he stood over the girls instead of under them.  His
muscles had also defined much more.  But despite these changes, they were
still the friends she knew and loved.

        ‘Hmm, Ryoko’s got to be lying,’ she thought. ‘There is no way in
hell that
Tenchi would do something like that.  I wouldn’t call her a liar to her
face, but that’s a little much to believe.’

        “Hmm, what can you do for me Ten-chan?  Well you can kiss me,” Ryoko
purred
as she moved her head closer to his.  Kiyone’s jaw almost dropped out of her
head when he did the same.  ‘Okay, what universe did Washu send us to now,’
she thought when their lips connected in a passionate kiss.

        “Ohhh, that’s so romantic,” Mihoshi said as they separated.  “Wow.
So I
guess you and Ryoko are an item Tenchi,” Mihoshi stated.

        “Yeah,” Tenchi agreed without a blush or sign of embarrassment.
Ryoko was
filled with happiness that Tenchi did not seem at all ashamed for being with
her.

        “Is this for real,” Kiyone asked in bewilderment.

        “Yup.  It must be kind of weird for you right now,” Ryoko said
proudly.
Kiyone nodded with a far off look on her face.

        She pushed away her disbelief and smiled.  “I never thought I’d see
the day
that Tenchi Masaki would be decisive.  And to think he kissed you without
blushing or his nose bleeding,”  Kiyone teased.

        “Hey, is everybody on my case,” Tenchi whined.

        “Yup,” Ryoko agreed.

        “Oh my gosh, it’s time!” Mihoshi declared as she left her companions
and
took off towards the TV.

        “Things are getting back to normal,” Tenchi remarked.

        They all listened as a joyous cry came from the other room.
“Moldiver!”
Mihoshi yelled with happiness.

        “I’m really, honestly, happy for you two,” Kiyone said as the
squeals of
delight lowered in intensity.   “I actually thought that you would make the
best couple, of course it was always Tenchi’s decision.”

        “Thanks Kiyone. You don’t know how happy it makes us to see you come
back
and congratulate us,” Ryoko said while smiling at Tenchi.  “You guys are
staying now, right?  I mean your not leaving as soon as you came back?”
Ryoko asked with a little bit of fear in her voice.

        “Is that an invitation to stay at your house for as long as we
want?”
Kiyone asked slightly.

        “You bet’cha,” Tenchi said with a chuckle.

“Well then how can we refuse?”  They all exchanged laughter, enjoying the
happiness their reunion brought.  ‘The carnival is coming back,’ Ryoko
thought.  ‘And it’s better than ever.’

________

“Grampa Noboyuki, let’s get this for mommy and daddy,” Achika cheered as
they made there way down the aisle of the toy store.  Noboyuki looked at the
object of the four-year-olds' attention.  She was gazing at a Ryo-ohki and
Ken-ohki plush set.

Noboyuki picked up the Ken-ohki doll and searched for a brand name.  He
chuckled triumphantly when his search bore fruit.  ‘Hmm, Washu enterprises.
Now why does that not surprise me,’ he mused as he read the little tag on
the stuffed animal.

“I think they’ll love it,” he replied with a grin.  He handed it down to her
as she picked up the Ryo-ohki plush.  She made a meowing noise, imitating
her favorite cabbit as she cuddled them together.  The moment their nose
made contact together a heart shaped plushy appeared in front of the
cabbits.  Each one held an end of the heart in a paw.

‘I wonder how parents will explain that to their kids,’ he thought.  ‘Leave
it to Washu to forget the technology levels of a planet.  This has probably
got scientists confused.’

“You have quite an eye, little one,” Katsuhito said as he walked up the
aisle with a bag full of items.    He reached into his pockets and pulled
out a set of keys and tossed them to Noboyuki.  “I put pretty much
everything I got into the car,” he said while completing his approach.

“Yes,” Achika said with a yawn.

“Hey wait a minute Achika, aren’t you forgetting something,” Katsuhito said
in a very serious tone.  She looked up at him with confusion written all
over her face.  “You only picked out one toy for yourself. I think that for
being such a generous girl, you deserve two,” he finished as his gaze
softened.

She immediately snatched a ship that looked strangely like Ryo-ohki in
spaceship form.  “Now what do you say Achika,” Noboyuki reminded.

“Thank you Grampa Kassy,” she said giving the Shinto priest a bear hug.
Katsuhito smiled at his nickname.  She had announced to the whole family
that Katsuhito was too long a name so she had dubbed him Kassy.

“Thank you Grampa Noboyuki.”  Tenchi’s father smiled with joy at his
granddaughter.

They headed towards the checkout desk with Achika bouncing up and down
pretending to fly her Ryo-ohki ship.  Her pigtails moved wildly through the
air.  Soon they were exiting the mall and heading towards their car.  Within
seconds of their trip home, the cyan haired, brown eyed, little girl was
enjoying blissful sleep.

________

        “So Matthias, how are you feeling,” Aeka asked from her seat in the
sick
bay.  The redheaded knight smiled at her concern.

        “Do you think that such a little flesh wound could keep an amazing
knight
like me down for long?” Matthias asked her back.  She groaned at his comment
eliciting a hearty laugh out of the knight.

        “Hey, don’t make me laugh,” he complained while grabbing his side.
“It
hurts too much.”

        She broke out into giggles at the sudden reversal of positions.  He
soon
followed her into laughter as he tried to calm himself.

        “Well not so tough now, are you Mat?” Aeka asked.  “I can’t imagine
a big
strong knight like you crying out like a baby because of a little laughing,”
she taunted.

        “Thanks for the sympathy, princess,” he muttered.  Her comical tone
immediately turned to one of compassion.

        “I am truly happy that you are all right Matthias.”  His gaze
softened at
her kind words and he looked at her with deep emotion.  Aeka couldn’t place
her finger on what he was staring at her with, but she knew she recognized
the emotion from somewhere.

        “Thank you Aeka.  That means more to me than you will ever know,” he
replied.  It was quite ironic that her personal guard talked with her so
loosely, yet she had had to earn Matthias’s respect for him to address her
with respect.  She had won it from him over the years but found herself
asking for his informal pet names opposed to what he was expected to address
her by.

        “Well you seem happy,” he said, changing the conversation.

        She giggled a little and a light blush covered her cheeks.  “Yes, we
are
going back to Lord Tenchi,” she said.

        Jealously stung at his heart.  That was really the first time he had
ever
seen her giggle, blush, and add a title to a man’s name all at the same
time.  Curiosity got the better of him.  “Why don’t you tell me about him,”
he asked meekly.

        She didn’t need any coercing before she was telling him all about
the man
that had captured her heart.

________

“Now if you two ladies will excuse me, I have to go check on our other
guest,” Tenchi said as he removed Ryoko’s arms form his neck and started
walking away.

        “Kamidake?” Kiyone asked in confusion.  Tenchi shook his head.

        “I think his name was Indigo,” he replied as he exited the room.

        Anger immediately clutched the GP.  “Why that bastard.  When I get
my hands
on that criminal he’s going to wish he never was born,” she brooded.  “He
ruined my Yagami.”

        “Relax Kiyone,” Ryoko said while restraining the Detective.  “I took
care
of him.”  She cracked her knuckles and smiled wickedly.

        “Besides, why don’t we enjoy each other’s company?  It’s been a long
time,”
Ryoko pleaded.  Kiyone agreed with a sigh and allowed her self to be led
into the family room.

        Ryoko hummed happily as she entered the kitchen.  She floated over
to a
cupboard and pulled out a box of Mihoshi’s favorite crackers.  Her faithful
cabbit Ryo-ohki jumped up onto her shoulder and purred affectionately as she
rubbed her masters chin against her body.

        “Where have you been all day?” she asked.

Ryo-ohki gave out a disheartened “Miya”.  “

“You miss Achika, don’t you,” she said as she opened up the box and grabbed
a bowl.

        “Miya,” the cabbit agreed as she hopped down the pirate’s arm.

        “I got something that will make you feel better,” she said as she
made her
way to the refrigerator.  She opened the door and produced a carrot, much to
the delight of the brown cabbit.

        “Miya! Miya, miya miya!” Ryo-ohki cheered while holding out her
paws,
beckoning the carrot to come to her.  Ryoko tossed it into the air and
Ryo-ohki wasted no time in grabbing the orange vegetable.

        “Guess who came here while you were off doing whatever you were
doing,”
Ryoko said as she returned to the crackers.

        “Miya?” Ryo-ohki asked quickly.

        Ryoko scowled at her cabbit.  “No it wasn’t him.  Why do you have
your
heart set on him of all cabbits?”

        Ryo-ohki glared at the cyan haired woman.  “Whatever.  Well anyways,
Mihoshi, Kiyone and Kamidake came back.  And I have a feeling that Miss
Priss and Sasami will be back soon.”

        The cabbit, finished with her carrot began to fly in excitement.
Ryoko
laughed as Ryo-ohki went to phase through the door of the kitchen and bumped
her head. The carrot crazy cabbit let out another Miya before disappearing
through the door.

        <<Don’t forget your job tonight my little Ryo-ohki.  Get yourself
set up
and we’ll be there in a half an hour.>>  she told her companion
telepathically.  Ryoko looked out the window at the growing night.  ‘Yes, it
should be dark enough in a half an hour,’ she agreed.

        She grabbed the bowl full of crackers and teleported back to the
GP’s.
Kiyone let off another yawn.  “Really Mihoshi, I don’t see why you like this
show so much.  It’s pretty boring and unbelievable,” she said as she lazily
watched the TV.  Her stomach growled to the point that she was almost ready
to take Ryoko up on her offer of dinner. But then again, she wasn’t quite
yet ready to eat Ryoko’s cooking.

        ‘Maybe Sasami will come back and cook us a meal,’ Kiyone hoped.  As
the
golden-eyed seductress phased into the room, her hopes were dashed.  “Hey
you guys, me and Tenchi are going to be busy for a while, make yourself at
home,” she added with a wink as she set the crackers down on a coffee table.

        Kiyone could only guess at what she had meant by the last sentence.
It
lacked the sultry tone she used when she made any innuendo, leaving the GP
confused. ‘They’re really rubbing off on each other,’ she mused happily.

Mihoshi ignored her partner as the commercial ended and the TV show came
back on.  “Yeah it’s back,” she cheered.  The blond GP was happier than she
had been in years.  She and Kiyone were finally home, and the family was
coming back together.  Her shock at Tenchi and Ryoko’s revelation had been
pushed aside by her interest in the TV.

        As Ryoko disappeared, Kiyone got up and began to walk around in an
effort
to regain her bearings.  She carefully avoided the upstairs, reasoning that
Ryoko probably hadn’t changed that much.  She took one last look at her
partner before heading out into the rest of the house.

________

        Tenchi reclined on the roof and gazed up at the stars.  He smiled as
his
wife shimmered into view next to him.  “You’re late,” he said turning his
head to look at her.

        “Yeah, well.  Somebody has to keep everything in line around here,”
she
said happily as she approached his feet.  Her breathing became heavier,
alerting Tenchi to her current mood.

        He felt as her hands touched his feet and slowly slid up his ankles,
up to
his knees.  His breath came faster as she traced her way up his thighs.  Her
body pressed down on top of his as she abandoned her work with her hands.

        He looked up to see her staring at him fiendishly.  “I bought it for
you,”
she said as she floated into the air.  He looked at her with confusion but
could see very little from the darkness. He tapped into his Jurian power,
augmenting his senses.  He lost his breath at the sight before him.

        Ryoko was in front of him clothed in nothing but silver, sparkling
lingerie.  Glitter covered the underwear, immediately grabbing his
attention.  “Do you like it?” she seductively purred.

        “Ryoko, your beautiful,” he said, his attention never wavering.
Ryoko
giggled a little at her lover’s actions.  He hadn’t blinked once.  To think
he had once been frightened away by her naked body, but now was utterly
captivated by her beauty.

        “Hold on tight,” she whispered to him as she grabbed his shoulders.
Within
a second, the couple was gone, leaving not a trace of their whereabouts.
The only sound that filled the air was a loud cat-like cry that filled the
night.

________

        Kiyone walked through the hallway in time to see a head of cyan hair
pass
through the door and fly into the room.  Kiyone’s interest was immediately
taken and she made her way over to the girl.

        Achika looked up at Kiyone and stepped back in confusion.  Kiyone
stopped
her approach as she looked at the little girl.  They stared at each other,
sizing each other up, yet not moving at all.

        ‘She looks just like Tenchi and Ryoko… no couldn’t be,’ she thought.
“Can
I help you little girl,” Kiyone asked, never moving her eyes.

        Achika didn’t answer, but continued to stare at the officer in
bewilderment.  The doorknob clicked as it was swung open.  Two male figures
passed through the doorway with their arms full of shopping bags.  Noboyuki
gasped out in shock while Katsuhito merely nodded.

        Kiyone swung her gaze up to the older Masaki men.  “Noboyuki? Lord
Katsuhito?  What’s going on?” she asked while trying to keep a level head.

Katsuhito chuckled a little bit and walked over to the cyan haired girl.
Reaching the four-year-old, he addressed the GP woman. “Kiyone.  I’d like
you to meet my granddaughter, Achika Masaki.”

Author’s Notes:  Well that doesn’t even come close to the action I had
before but hey, I do need some plot development.  Hope you liked it!  That’s
pretty much all I have to say.  C&C as well as questions, etc. should be
directed to Ledzepfan111@hotmail.com.  Thanks for your time,

        -Ledzepfan