
	Tenchi Muyo!: Culture Shock!
	Chapter 3: The Beginnings of a Hated Fate

By Gitaro the self-induced-vomiting Metalhead



-DREAM SEQUENCE-


	Tenchi was happily walking his way to school.  
The day was beautiful, the birds were singing, and life
was great.  The best!  This could be the best day Tenchi
had ever lived!  His life was perfectly normal again, 
and he was basking in the glory of his average, private 
life.

	< I don't know how I ever survived those days! >  
He thought, referring to the times with the girls.  
Even his house had been returned to its original position,
right down the road from where he went to school.

	On the way he ran into some people he recognized.

	<My friends!  All of them!  It's been so long since
I've been able to talk to them honestly!>  he ran over 
and joined them.

	"Hey!  It's Tenchi!" friend #1 replied. "He's finally
back!"

	"No way!" friend #2 said. "...Is it really you?"

	"Sure is!" Tenchi commented.

	They were all having a grand time, even just walking
to school.  They talked about the summer, some of the things
they did and they even mentioned a new classmate.  A bully
named Bryan, who apparently had a dislike for people who 
met Tenchi's description.

	< Huh? >  Tenchi thought.  < Bryan doesn't go to my 
school... and... a bully? >

	Later in class, Tenchi could see what his friends 
were talking about.  Bryan was sitting in the seat two 
rows over from Tenchi, and made faces at him practically
the entire class period.  He threw crumpled paper at him,
and even managed to get a pepperoni slice from his sandwich
to stick to Tenchi's right cheek.

	< This doesn't make any sense! >  Thought Tenchi.  
< My life is normal now.  What is Bryan doing here? > he 
looked in Bryan's direction and saw him pulling his eyelid 
down.

	Later, in the cafeteria, Tenchi was eating lunch, alone.
He didn't understand why his friends hadn't wanted to join him,
but this life suddenly wasn't making sense anyway.  He slowly 
took a bite from his food when he heard a rather disturbing 
voice come from behind him.

	"Hey, faggot!"  Said the voice.

	Tenchi stood still.  He didn't know whether to turn 
around or ignore him.  Fortunately, the voice's owner chose
for him.  He picked up Tenchi by his shirt and turned him around.
It turned out the voice had belonged to Bryan.  Tenchi's *friends*
were behind him, each of them standing on either side of him.

	"I said faggot!"

	Tenchi didn't even know what the word meant.  "What?"

	Bryan stood there looking him in the eye.  He looked 
very angry, as if Tenchi had done something to hurt him.  
"I said: Hey, faggot."

	"Yes, you said that."  Tenchi replied.

	Tenchi's *friend* #1 spit in his face.

	Bryan spoke again.  "Why haven't you picked yet?"

	"Picked what?  What are you talking about?"  Tenchi 
asked, rubbing the spit from his face.  The second *friend*
of Tenchi's spit in his face.

	Bryan spoke again, this time louder.  "I said: Faggot,
why haven't you picked yet?"

	A tear started forming in Tenchi's eye.  "I don't 
know what you're talking about!"

	His first *friend* spit him in the face again, 
getting him in the eye.

	Bryan began yelling.  "You fucking haven't chosen!
You fucking faggot!  You're killing them!"

	"WHO?" Tenchi yelled, tearing in both of his eyes.

	"Don't you know?"  Bryan yelled as both of Tenchi's
*friends* spit in his face.  "They love you Tenchi!  And
you don't have the courtesy to fucking tell them what's 
up, faggot!  F-A-G-G-O-T!"

	"I'm not a faggot!  I don't know what you're talking
about!"

	"FAGET!"  Bryan yelled as both of Tenchi's *friends*
spit him in the face again.

	"FAGET!"  They did it again.

	"FAGET!"  They repeated.  Tenchi started cowering to
the ground and began crying.  "I'm not a Faggot!"  He yelled.

	"FAGET!"  Tenchi's "friends" pulled his face back by 
his hair and spit in it again.

	The room began melting around him but the words echoed
in his ears.

	"FAGET!  YOU'RE A FAGET!"  He could still feel the spit
from his traitors hitting him in the face.


-TENCHI WAKES UP-


	"NO!  I'M NOT A FAGET!" he yelled.

	He was awake. He was in his bed, in his room, and 
everything was OK. He heard music playing down the hall.
It was the song "Faget", by Korn.  He also felt a drop of 
water hit his face from above.  It was a leak.  That's what
his dream was about.  A stupid song, and a leak.  He wiped
the tears that had accumulated in his eyes.

	< It was so real, though. > He looked at the leak 
again.  <And what did he mean by pick?  What can I pick?
And why Bryan? > Tenchi brushed it off as a coincidence.

	He slowly got up, and out of bed.  He put a bucket 
under the leak and looked out of the window.  It was another
stormy day, and Tenchi was finally starting to get sick of 
them.

	< Crappy weather. >  He thought.  <This is all Bryan's
fault.  He's bringing the rain somehow! >

	Tenchi sighed and looked out the window again.  These
last few weeks had been rather trying.  

	< Calm down, Tenchi. > He thought again.  < Bryan can't
 possibly be responsible for the rain.  It's just a 
coincidence... >  

	[Are you crazy?] Tenchi argued with himself. 
[Every day Bryan's been here, it's rained!]
	
	< It's just a coincidence!  Coincidence! Bryan can't
make rain! >

	[If Ryoko can walk through walls, and make light sword
out of thin air, then Bryan can bring rain!]

	< No, he can't! >

	[Yes, he can!]

	<No, he can't! >

	"Damnit!"  Tenchi yelled aloud.  "I'm so use to people
arguing around me that I'm starting to argue with MYSELF!"

	He started downstairs, and approached Bryan's room.  
He opened the door and motioned for Bryan to turn it down, 
which Bryan promptly did.  He then went into the kitchen.
Maybe talking with Sasami would make him feel a little better.

	"Hey, Sasami," he said as he walked through the door.
"I was wondering wh..."

	"SHHH!" Sasami interrupted.  "I can't hear the music.
Bryan turned it down for some reason!"

	Tenchi stood in silence.

	"You mean you actually LIKE this?!" Tenchi couldn't 
believe it.

	"Well... YES!  Actually, it keeps me focused.  It's 
something fun to listen to while I'm cooking... has a really
catchy rhythm to it, huh?"

	"Derrr, uh. yeah."  He felt as if he were betrayed.
How could she do this to him?  Sasami was supposed to be
the level-headed one.

	[DOES EVERYBODY LIKE BRYAN AROUND HERE!?] Tenchi asked 
himself.

	< Well, Ayeka doesn't. > He thought again.

	[She might as well, now!  Now that EVERYBODY else does!]

	<You're being too hard on him, he's not trying to 
overthrow you or anything!  Besides, you WANTED the girls to 
leave you alone!  Now that they are, you're jealous?!>

	[I'm NOT JEALOUS!  It's just that they. they.}

	<HA!  You're jealous.  So there.>

	[I'M NOT JEALOUS!]

	"STOP IT BOTH OF YOU!"  Tenchi yelled aloud.

	"What's wrong Tenchi?  Who are you yelling at?"  Sasami 
asked him.

Tenchi suddenly awoke, as if he were having a daydream.  "Oh,
sorry. Heh. I think. that, uh. I'd better go now."

	Tenchi didn't know what was happening to him.  It was 
as if there were two of him trapped in his head, fighting 
over control.  What caused this?  Was it his dream?  Was 
it Bryan?  Was it. his crazy music?  He decided that a chat
with his grandfather might be helpful.


	***


	The long walk up the stairs to the shrine seemed 
longer than ever.  And the rain made it all the more 
arduous.  He was beginning to feel torn.  Part of him 
wanted to remedy the situation as fast as possible.  
The other side wanted to keep fighting.

	He finally reached the door to the shrine, and 
let out a series of long knocks.

	"Come in."  Said the familiar rock of a voice that
 was his Grandfather.  Tenchi did as he said.  "Oh, 
hello Tenchi.  What brings you in here on such a rainy 
day?"

	"Grandfather," Tenchi said. "I'm starting to freak
out.  I don't know what's wrong with me. between the rain,
and Bryan, and his music, and the girls, and... and..."

	"Whoa, slow down, Tenchi.  That's nothing out of
the ordinary.  Besides, I thought you enjoyed Bryan's 
music."  Katsuhito stared at him.

	"I never said that!" Tenchi yelled.

	"Calm yourself, Tenchi."  Katsuhito looked at him 
sternly.  "Could it be that you're suffering from stress?"

	"Huh?  Stress?  ...At my age?"

	"Of course.  That's it.  You're starting to get 
stressed out.  It's fairly common for your age!"

	"Common?" Tenchi looked at him questionably.

	"Without question.  Just learn to take things 
easier!"

	"How am I going to do that?"

	"Well, Bryan has an easy time coping with stress!
You could talk to him, for starters."

	"Groann.."  Tenchi turned to walk outside. 

	[Not him, too!]  Tenchi thought.

	"Oh, and Tenchi!"  his Grandfather yelled at him.

	"What is it?"

	"Just remember: Never take life so seriously, or
you'll never get out of it alive."

	"Hmmmm. Thanks, Grandfather." [I guess.]

Tenchi proceeded to the fields to begin his work for the
day, as defeated as ever.  < Maybe I should take life
less seriously. > He thought.  He was beginning to feel
a little better already.


	***



	The fields.  The endless supply of carrots lay
before the young man, asking, even begging to be taken
care of.  The young man glanced back at the carrots, 
reaffirming that they would have nothing to fear as 
long as they were in his protection.  He didn't know why,
but these carrots seemed to bring a certain amount of 
sanity back to him when he worked around them.  Perhaps
it was because they were orange, or perhaps it was 
because they were the only break he could hope to get
from his real life.

	Tenchi breathed a deep sigh, and gazed at the 
work that lay before him.  All he had to do was make 
sure the water drained away from the fields, and he
 would fare well.

	A distinct voice could be heard in the distance.
"Tenchi!  Wait up!" the voice said.

	< Who could that be? > He thought < Unless its.>
[Bryan.]

	"Hey man, I came up here to help you out!  
Whaddaya think?"  The rain seemed to get heavier the
closer Bryan would get to him.

	[I think you're a major pain in the...] Tenchi 
began thinking.

	< Shame on yourself! > He thought again.

	"Of course you can help, Bryan."  Tenchi said,
half regrettably.  "I'm just working on some ir-
rigation ditches, to take some of the water-flow away."

	"Great.  While I'm helping you, I really need
some help of yours." Bryan stated.

	"Sure, why don't you grab that shovel 
over there?"  He said.  Maybe he could actually
get twice the work done today, compared to the 
usual half he would get whenever someone would 
'help' him. 

	They both began digging when Bryan began 
talking.

	"Anyway, I need you to teach me something."
Bryan said as he took a large chunk of muddy earth 
from the ground, setting it aside.  The water began
filling it almost instantly.

	"Sure, as long as I know how to teach it."  
Tenchi replied as he shoveled a chunk of his own.  
"And provided you teach me something in return."

	"Yeah, man.  Whatever you need to know that I 
already know, consider it taught." Bryan stated with
enthusiasm

	"Allright, you first.  What do you want to know
from me?"  Tenchi shoveled another mound to his right.

	"Well, I mainly want to know." He struggled for
a way to say it.  "Well. how you dodge the girls so 
easy."

	"How I... dodge... the girls?"  Tenchi stopped 
digging.

	"Yeah, you know, how you get away from them 
all the time."  Bryan replied.

	"Why would you want to know something about 
that?"  Tenchi asked, as he resumed digging.

	"Well." Bryan paused.  "I think I might run 
in to some problems with Washu in the future.  Not 
to mention the hat Sasami gave me." He resumed digging
as well.

	"Hat?  What hat?"  Tenchi asked him.

	"This cowboy hat she bought for me.  I can't 
bring myself to wear it, but I don't want to hurt her 
feelings.  She's just a little girl, after all."  Bryan
looked at Tenchi.  "What would you do?"

	Tenchi dug a little more.  "I would just wear it.  
It's not like you're going to die if you wear it."

	"Maybe you're right."  Bryan sighed.

	"Hey, Bryan."  Tenchi said, digging a little more.
"Let me ask you something."

	"Shoot.  As long as I know the answer."  He replied.

	"How do you cope with... stress?"  Bryan looked at 
Tenchi kind of blank-staredly.  "My grandfather told 
me that you would know something about that."

	Bryan looked him even funnier.  "You're grandfather
seems like he'd know more about coping with stress than
I would."

	"Well," Tenchi thought to himself. "Grandfather 
likes making things harder for me.  I guess he supposes
that by asking you I will grow more, or something."

	"Hmmm."  Bryan thought aloud.  "That's just like 
my dad.  I don't know, I guess I handle stress by not 
taking a bad situation so seriously."

	"That's exactly what my Grandfather said."  Tenchi
exclaimed, gaping at Bryan.  "How can you NOT take something
seriously?"

	"Well, I figure life is a comedy, or something."  
Bryan glanced at the ground for a moment.  "That's why life
sucks, I suppose.  Unless you can find humor in the suckiness,
it's not worth it."

	"That's not much of an answer." Tenchi sighed.  "But
I guess it makes a little sense.  I wonder what kind of 
ratings my life would get if IT was a comedy."

	Bryan thought aloud for a moment.  "Well, space 
pirates, princesses, police officers, babes, a love triangle
or three, and sci-fi have always had good ratings.  Your
comedy would have all of them, so it would probably get 
a LOT of dedicated fans.  Even people writing their own 
stories about you."

	"Heh."  Tenchi laughed a little.  "Tenchi Masaki, 
the TV show.  More like Useless Tenchi."

	"Or no need for Tenchi." Bryan said.

	They both worked silent for a while.  Both of them
digging on either side of the field, working their way 
uphill.  The water began finding it's way to the ditches
they were digging, draining away in a muddy mass.

	"Hey, Tenchi."  Bryan broke out.

	"What is it?" Replied Tenchi.

	"You still haven't told me how I should dodge 
Washu." Bryan spoke, concernedly.

	"Just run when things get out of hand."  Tenchi 
said.  "I think she's more bark than bite anyway."


	***


	Lunch that afternoon was going surprisingly 
peacefully.  Tenchi, Bryan, and Grandfather Masaki 
were having lunch in the shrine, while the girls stayed
in the house.  The rain still hadn't stopped, but Tenchi
believed that his life may have been heading for the 
(slightly) better.

	He could see that his grandfather had something
on his mind, as his glasses traditionally gleamed in
the limelight.

	"Tenchi, how are you faring in the field this 
afternoon?" The old warrior asked.

	"Well, to tell you the truth, great." Tenchi said.
"I'm almost done with the ditches, and the water level 
in the field is manageable again."

	"What about you, Bryan?  What do you think of it?"
Katsuhito glared at him, then sipped some of his tea.

	Bryan never did like that glare.  "Uh. fine, fine.
But a little too much stooping over for my tastes.  My
shovel's a little too short."

	Katsuhito didn't stop glaring at him.  "Yes, from 
what I hear about you Americans is that as a rule you're 
taller than most Japanese.  I hear it's mostly because 
of the difference in diet."

	Bryan tried to ignore the glare and continued the 
conversation.  "Yeah, I guess the growth hormones that 
we put in the beef have an affect on us. I don't really
mind being taller though."

	Katsuhito maintained his poker-face of a glare. 
"Yes, most people wouldn't..."


	-INSIDE THE HOUSE-


	"Where do you suppose Tenchi and Bryan are?"  Sasami
asked.  "I made a little extra food for them."

	"Save it for later." Ayeka said.  "They'll probably
show up for dinner, late as usual, and you can serve them
that."

	"But it'll be cold." Sasami looked at the pot she was
holding.  "I guess I could warm it up again."

	Ryoko was chilling out in one of the ceiling rafters.
Her inexistant need for food left her uninterested in all but
the social aspect of having meals.

	"Tenchi and that idiot are probably in the shrine 
eating." She said.  "You did give them sacks for lunch, you 
know."

	Sasami remembered the sacks from earlier that morning.
"Well, they weren't nearly large enough."
	

-BACK IN THE SHRINE-


"That's an interesting theory you have Bryan."  Katsuhito 
exclaimed.  "Life does have an almost sitcom-like quality
to it at times."

	Tenchi opened his mouth.  "Especially life around 
here." Tenchi thought about his choatic charge of a life.

	"You know what though," Bryan said aloud.  "I don't
mind it that much.  It sucks from here to there, but. It 
makes you appreciate the good times more."

	[When you actually get a good time.] Tenchi thought.

	"So, Tenchi." Katsuhito burst.  His asphyxiated gaze
shifted to Tenchi.  "What have you learned about stress from
Bryan, anyway?"

	Tenchi opened his eyes a little more.  "Stress.?  
Well," Tenchi tried to worm his way out of it.  "Stress 
stinks (note: Arrid works!).  I guess to cope with stress 
easier, you have to be a little more detached from things, 
and not care as much."

	Grandfather Masaki narrowed his eyes and gave Bryan 
a menacing look.  Bryan raised his shoulders.  "Perhaps 
Bryan should have told you to always be prepared for the 
worst, while hoping for the best."

	Bryan's eyes shot open.  "Hey!  I didn't tell him 
anything like to stop caring!  Tell him Tenchi!"

	Katsuhito didn't seem to buy it.  "At any rate, I 
think it's about time you two headed back to the field.  
It won't be raining much longer."

	"What makes you so sure?"  Tenchi asked him.

	"I'm not."

	Tenchi and Bryan walked out to the field They gazed
at the work they had completed.  The water was leaving 
the field as quickly as the rain would put it there.

	< Not bad. > They both thought.

	"Bryan I don't think I'll need your help for the 
rest of the day." Tenchi said.  "From now on it's almost
too easy as it is."

	"Not a problem."  Bryan replied.  "I have a date 
with Washu in the lab anyway."

	Tenchi looked at him rather puzzle-edly.  "You have 
a date with Washu, really?"

	"No, I don't mean a DATE date, I meant I have to meet
her in the lab sometime today."

	"Oh, Yeah.  What kind-of tests is she running on you
anyway."

	"Well, for now, she's just collecting data.  I think
she wanted a full-body scan of me today, or something like
that.  Don't worry.  If things get out of control, I'll just
do what you do, and run."

	"Yeah, that usually works.  -As long as her door isn't
locked."


	***


	< Damnit!  Why did she have to lock her door! > Bryan
thought in desperation.  He looked around, trying to find 
somewhere he could hide from his maniacal captor.

	"AAAH-HAA!  THERE you are!" Washu yelled from behind
him.  She was wearing a sleek black combat suit and holding 
some sort of projectile needle gun.

	"AAAUUUGHH!!!"  Bryan yelled as he scrambled to his 
right.  Needles stuck to the door and the walls behind him 
as he scrambled across Washu's aim.

	<Better work on my moving target practice some more.>
she thought.

	"C'mon, Bryan!  You need your shots!  What would I
tell your parents if you caught one of the contaminants 
in this lab?" she was trying to coax him out of wherever 
he had just hidden to.  "More than half of them are fatal!"


	-JUST OUTSIDE WASHU'S DOOR-


	"What do you suppose those explosion noises are?"  
Sasami asked the others.

	"I don't know," replied Ryoko, "...but whoever is 
screaming down there sounds like he isn't having fun."

	"You don't suppose Bryan's down there do you?" 
Sasami asked again.

	"No, he's with Tenchi in the field."  Ayeka 
reassured.  "At least. That's where I think he was."

	"Maybe she's being attacked!"  Sasami suddenly 
became alarmed.  "Oh, no!  Poor Washu. We can't even 
help her because her door is locked."

	Ryoko calmed her down a bit.  "Actually, I would 
feel more sorry for whoever the intruder is."

	"Hey!"  Sasami shouted.  "The noise stopped."

	The group moaned and went off on their regular 
business.


	-WASHU'S LAB ONCE MORE-


	"Heh heh heh." Washu stood over an uncoscious 
Bryan.  "Now the real tests can start."

	She stripped him to his undergarments, and then 
propped him up in an examination bubble.  She closed 
it, and a long snake-like camera entered the bubble, 
examining Bryan from head to toe.  It was creating a 
3-d model of Bryan for future reference.

	Meanwhile Washu was examining some DNA she had 
collected from Bryan the day before.  She suddenly spit 
her coffee all over the computer screen.  "This can't 
be right!"  She cross-referenced it against some of 
Tenchi's DNA, to see the resemblance to humans that 
Tenchi had.  "No, that's impossible."

	She glanced at the two nearly identical strands, 
and shook her head.  < This isn't right. > she thought.
< How can this HUMAN be... unless...>


	***


	Bryan glanced around.  He seemed to be in a large
black bubble.  He couldn't see outside at all.  The only
clue that there even was an outside was that there were
tubes coming in everywhere from holes all around him.  
He looked at his arm.  There were several tubes going into
it, and it was tied down very tightly.  He glanced at his 
other arm, which had several reading instruments.  It was
tied just as tightly.  There was a tube attached to his 
side, and a camera glaring him in the face.  He realized
that he should be in pain, but found himself to be in none
at all.  < How long have I been out? > He thought.

He then heard a whirring noise, coming from his left leg.
A device that was attached to it had activated, and a small
fan whirled to cool it.  He was unsure if he was even in 
Washu's lab, as she would have asked him permission before
becoming so intrusive.

	He then heard a loud whooosh noise.  A large door to
his right opened, and Washu stepped in, still wearing the 
tight black combat suit from when she had stunned him.

	"I'm terribly sorry about all of this."  She said 
as she started to remove the devices from his arms and legs,
closing the wounds that some of them left behind.  "There 
was something that I had to be absolutely sure of."

	"I don't understand."  Bryan slowly relaxed as Washu
released him from his restraints.  "What did you want to 
be sure about?"

	Washu looked at him.  "Your Physiology."

	Bryan looked back at her.  "What about it?"

	"It might be Juraian."


***
	

	Sasami was on the computer in one of the rooms 
upstairs.  She found American history very fascinating, 
especially the times of westward expansion.  Scenes of 
Cowboys and Indians played in her mind, as it often tends 
to happen with children.  She could picture Tenchi 
dressed in Native American attire, and Bryan as a 
cowboy, both of them fighting over something.

	< They do fight a lot. > Sasami thought, in 
regards to the boys.  < This internet thing sure has
a lot of neat information. >

	She suddenly saw something very interesting.  
Very interesting indeed.  Something so interesting, 
that she couldn't brush it off as mere coincidence.  
Interesting enough for even her sister to be concerned.

	"Ayeka!"  Sasami yelled.  She waited several 
moments with no return.

	"AYEKA!" She yelled even louder.  Still no reply
came.

	"AAAIIIIIYYYYY-EEEEEEEEEECKAAAAA!"  She opened
her eyes to see Ayeka standing in the doorway with
an impatient look on her face.

	"I heard you the first time, Sasami!"

	"Oh.  Ok." Sasami looked at her sister cheerfully.

	"Well?" Ayeka stared at her.

	"Well, what?" Sasami asked, confused.

	"WHAT DO YOU WANT?"

	"Oh.  Look at this."  She pointed to some of the
names of Native American tribes.  One was Pawnee, and
another was Apachee.  There were several others on a 
list.

	"This. " Ayeka couldn't believe it.  "These are
the names of the lost trees of Jurai in the legend."

	"I thought they looked familiar."  Sasami said. 
"I thought you might think they were interesting."

	"I don't believe this."  Ayeka didn't believe 
this. "These are at least over half of the names of 
the lost trees of Jurai!  The legend says that they 
were scattered throughout the galaxy!  Do you suppose
one of them could be here?"

	"I don't know." Sasami raised her shoulders.

	"Sasami, if one of these trees is here, then 
we will have to see it face-to-face.  At all costs!"

	"You're going to have to talk Tenchi into it,
you know." Sasami smiled.

	"What are those names doing here, anyway?" 
Ayeka wondered wondered how names like this on 
earth could be possible.

	"These are names of Native American tribes. 
If there's a tree of Jurai anywhere, it might be 
in America."  Sasami suddenly smiled.  "Bryan could
show us around!  What fun!"

	"Bryan!  He cannot get involved!  He is a 
regular, run of the mill, EARTHLING!  If he were 
to get caught up in this, he... he...!"

	"You sound like you're making excuses to me."

	"I am not!" Ayeka really didn't want Bryan to 
come along.

	"But Tenchi's part earthling!  Is that any 
different?"

	"Tenchi is a direct descendant to the throne 
of Jurai!  It's completely different!"

	Sasami looked at her older sister and sighed. 
"You might be right."


	***


	"What do you mean, Juraian?"

	"Well, you'll have to see for yourself."

	She handed him a shirt and pants, mainly for a
little more privacy on his behalf, and motioned for 
him to follow.  They both proceeded into the adjacent
 room, where a rather embarrassing 3-D hologram was 
projected in the middle of the room.

  	"That's. a pretty graphic hologram, if I do say
so myself." Bryan said, tonelessly.

	"Oh, it's all YOU, anyway.  And I have to admit,
it's not that bad!"

	Bryan turned a little red in the face, then sterned
himself again  "Could you be serious, Washu?"

	"Right.  Here's one of the giveaways.  This 
organ here."  Washu worked on her air-top a little 
and a portion of the hologram's mid section opened up,
revealing an intestinal organ of Bryan's.

	"This here is an organ that has nothing to with
you're vital functions.  It is something like a parasite,
as your body has forgotten how to use it."

	"So what does that mean?" Bryan asked.  He stared
at the organ for a while, but knew nothing of anatomy.

	"Well, it strongly resembles an organ found only
among Juraians.  As a matter of fact, you're entire body
strongly resembles Juraian physiology.  This organ, among
Juraians, is what lets them exploit their trees' power.
It is something like a symbiotic relationship.  The trees
depend on the Juraians in the same way that the Juraians 
depend on the trees.  And the Juraians organ acts as a 
beacon to absorb the trees' power.  Yours, however, doesn't
 really do anything but use oxygen and blood.  It's 
completely function-less."

	"So, because of that, you think I'm Juraian?"

	"Bryan, that is the least of the reasons that 
I think you could be Juraian!"

	They stared each other in the eye.  Bryan was
having a hard time swallowing what she was trying to
feed him.

	"You're saying I'm like Tenchi?  That can't be
possible!  That would mean that a relative of mine 
is Juraian, and none of mine are.  We have our family
origin traced to Czechoslovakia!  We're all average!"

	Washu looked into his eyes with a very af-
fectionate intensity.  She would have to get him use
to the idea whether he wanted to believe it or not.

	"There's a small chance you may be right, Bryan,
but until I can figure out EXACTLY what you are, don't
tell anyone about this.  And I mean ANYBODY."

	Silence followed what she said.  This was a blow.
How could Bryan be Juraian?  He wasn't from Jurai.  He
couldn't put a handle on what he would do.  At the very 
least he could keep it a secret from the rest of the 
group, until Washu could find out for sure.

	"I think I can handle that.  I'll just hang out
in the guest room, or something.  Away from everyone."

	"Good.  I should know by tomorrow what is going
on, so... just lay low until then."

	Bryan proceeded from Washu's lab, and headed 
directly outside.  He donned his cowboy hat, and leaned
against the wall of the house in thought.  The pale moon
gleamed above him, and a thought occurred to Bryan.  
The rain had stopped.

	He saw Ryoko materialize above him.  She looked
at his hat for a while, and then busted out laughing.

	"AAAAH HA HA HA HA!" She was starting to sound
like a cackling witch.  "What is THAT?"

	Bryan was trying to force back a sweat drop, 
but couldn't.  "It's just a hat."

	"That's the most hideous thing I've ever seen!"
she continued laughing.  "And I've seen a lot of 
things in my lifetime."

	"Great. Nice." Bryan tried to hold back his 
embarrassment.

	The cyan-haired beauty was still laughing.  
"Well, are you going to join me tonight?"

	"No, I'm going to sit this one out."

	"Allright, if you insist."  She flew up toward
the roof, laughing like a hyena.  A very beautiful 
hyena, but a hyena nonetheless.


	***


	Tenchi had just returned from the field at the
end of the day.  He was walking the road to his house,
with his raincoat tucked under his arm.  The rain had
mysteriously stopped, and the irrigation ditches Tenchi
made let the excess water drain away.  He looked into
the stars and saw just how clear the sky had become.

	< Between dodging Ryoko, and keeping the rising
water down, today was pretty extreme. > he thought.
< ...strangely rewarding though. >

	He continued walking down the path until he could
see his house.  He turned  around to see the forest 
behind him, fresh and full of life.  The trees seemed
to be breathing in the wind, and moving as if they were
animals.

	"I guess the rain was good for you guys, though."
he said aloud, as if the trees could hear him.

	Just then he noticed a figure leaning against the
wall of the house outside.  The figure was looking down
at the ground as if contemplating something.  He thought
it might have been one of the girls, but it wasn't.  He 
walked up to it, only to find that it was Bryan, wearing
a very ridiculous hat.

	"Hey Bryan." he said. Bryan didn't reply.  "Is...
there something bothering you?"

	Bryan lay silent for a little while but eventually
replied.

	"Nothing's wrong.  I was... looking at the stars, 
wondering... where my home is..."

	Tenchi wondered what he was thinking about but 
decided Bryan would rather keep it to himself.  That's
the way he was.  He told Bryan something his Grandfather
use to tell him.

"Well, I've always been told that home is where your heart
feels at ease."

	Bryan eased up a little.

	"Thanks, I appreciate it."

	Tenchi continued into the kitchen where Sasami was
waiting for him.  She looked at him and smiled.  He smiled
back.

	"Is he OK? Tenchi?" she asked, in regards to Bryan.

	"I think so, do you know what's wrong with him?"

	"Well, he's been acting different since he came out
of Washu's lab this afternoon.  He act's like he's hiding
something from us."

	They stared at each other, each wondering what the 
other was thinking about.  If Sasami would have been older,
she would have probably been a very nice candidate for 
Tenchi.

	"Why do you guys do that?"

	"Do what?" asked Tenchi.

	Sasami glanced him a sarcastic look.

	"Hide your feelings.  You do it, your grandfather 
does it, and so does Bryan."

	Tenchi paused for a while, and stared towards the
ground.

	"I don't know why, it just...it's a natural reaction
I guess."

	"Tenchi..." Sasami said, sounding as if she was 
teasing him.

	"What?"

	"You're doing it right now and you don't even 
realize it."

	Tenchi smiled and looked at her.

	"Hmmm... I guess I am.  Goodnight Sasami."

	"Goodnight."

	Tenchi walked up the stairs into the bathroom.  
He could finally take a shower and get clean after all
of his work.  Sasami followed him with her eyes until
he was out of sight.  She could hear Ryoko materializing
behind him and a muffled "mmmph!" sound came from Tenchi.
Then she turned to look where Bryan was standing.  
He was gone.

	<Where did he go?> she wondered.


	***


	Bryan walked down the path that led into the 
forest.  When he would feel depressed he would 
sometimes go for long walks in the middle of the
night.  He didn't know where he would end up, but 
he didn't care.  He walked along, admiring the beauty
of the trees and wildlife, deep in thought.

	<So all of this is alien to me.  None of 
this I should be familiar with.  None of these 
trees, none of these plants.  Where the hell am 
I supposed to be from if I'm not from Earth?  And 
where the FUCK is Jurai?>

	He stopped at a fork in the road and turned 
right.

	<Every single thing I've ever known isn't 
true.  Is that why people treat me different, can 
they SENSE it?  Why hasn't anyone TOLD me?  Shouldn'
doctors have noticed?  IS THIS SOME SORT OF DREAM?>

	He stopped and looked around again.  Every 
one of these trees was now a part of an alien world.
A world in which he had by all means no relation.

<How could I be Juraian?  Who the hell in my family
can be from Jurai?>  he thought about it for a minute.
<Nobody!  We're all normal!  My grandpa on my mom's side
is a blacksmith...>

	By now he had passed another fork in the road.
He didn't realize it, but he was starting to get lost.

	<And my Grandma on my mom's side is too... she's
definitely NOT Juraian.>

	He paused for a moment.  The road in front of 
him had ended.  He turned around and decided he would
head back.

	<Wait.  I might only be a PART Juraian.  I could
be a fraction of a percent Juraian.  That's so weird. 
How can an alien race breed with humans?  How can I be
a hybrid, like Tenchi?  That would be like a dog having
kittens that bark.>

	Bryan paused again.

	<Of course.  This IS all a dream.  Flying space
pirates?  HA!  I know I'm dreaming!  These women are 
too beautiful!  Of course!  I'M DREAMING!>

He looked at his surroundings.

<Or am I?  Great.  I'm lost in the woods in the middle
of nowhere, in a country that I'm not even familiar 
with.  I could be here for days again.> 

He glanced into the menacing nature of the woods at night.

<At least I know there's a path now.>

	Suddenly Bryan saw something to his right.  It was
a massive tree, in the middle of a small lake.  It seemed
to be glowing in the night air.  He moved nearer to it, 
and as he did it began to glow even brighter.  The tree 
was huge.  It wasn't very tall, but it was by far the 
thickest tree he had ever seen.  He stood watching it.  
It seemed to radiate power, hidden behind gentleness.

He was compelled by it.  He wanted to get closer, but was
held back by fear.  So he stood there looking at it more.
It looked as though it was breathing, expanding and 
contracting.  The leaves were glowing with a bright 
neon blue tint.

	"Pretty isn't it?" said a voice from behind him.
He turned around to see who it was.  It was Sasami.

	"You followed me here Sasami?"

	She shook her head.

	"Actually, I saw the tree glowing from a distance,
and I came to see what it was." the little girl smiled. 
"And I found you here.  It shouldn't be reacting to you
like this, you know."

	"This is a reaction?"  Bryan gazed at the tree and
it seemed to respond to his thoughts.  Colors radiated in
the leaves from the different expressions of emotions in 
his head.

	"Yes, it's reacting to you, Bryan.  Can't you hear
it?  It's practically begging you to come closer and touch
it."

	"It is?"

	Bryan slowly neared on the tree, and as he did it
became unbelievably radiant.  The colors grew more and 
more complex as he neared it and Bryan fond himself seeing
colors that he had never even seen before, as if he 
were seeing outside of the known color spectrum.  He 
got right in front of the tree, and put his hand against
the bark.  He was immediately flashed with several con-
fusing images.  He felt as if he was floating.  He could
feel his worries disappear.  Everything climaxed as he 
felt relief from every burden he had ever had, and a 
new sort of pain, one which he had never felt before.
It grew in his side, swelling with his heartbeat.

	"Oh, my GOD!  It HURTS!" he yelled.

	Bryan let go of the tree and it instantly went
dull.  The pain in Bryan's side remained.  It paralyzed
him, leaving him unable to think about anything but the
unbearable pain.  He heard a distant scream that came 
nearer and nearer until it became so close it was inside
his head.  It was the sound of his own voice.

	"Bryan, what's wrong!?"  Sasami yelled.  Seeing 
someone like this, in this much pain, made her feel 
afraid.  Afraid, like when she had her dreams.  She 
tried to wake up, but this time it was reality.  She
began crying and begged for it to stop.

	"Bryan!  SAY ANYTHING!!"  She fell to her knees,
just as paralyzed as he was.  She tried to look away, 
or close her eyes, but couldn't.  She was forced to 
watch him writhe in pain, up until he stopped, and 
fell unconscious.

	She was so panic-stricken, she didn't know what
to do.  She stood still watching him.  The shallow 
motions of his chest rising and falling put her mind
at a little more ease.

	<Good.  He's still breathing.> She thought.

	***

Ending Song, 'Need To' by Korn, or you can skip to
the bottom (THIS TIME YOU REALLY SHOULD READ THE
BOTTOM!  PLEASE!)

I, I am confused, fighting myself 
Wanting to give in, needing your help 
Skin cold with fear, feel it when we touch 
Outside I don't know you, but inside I'm fine (fucked) 

Can you see it in me? Skin cold from touch 
Each day confronted with what I have done 
You pull me closer, I push you away 
You tell me it's okay, I can't help but feel the pain 

I hate you 
Why are you taken? 
I love you 
	I feel so helpless.
Why is it you? 
	Ripping my insides each time I'm with you, 
	why do I try? 
	Why do I really need to? 
Why? X4
Fuck you, bitch 

Need to (X3)
Fuck (X4)

I hate you 
	Why are you taken? 
I love you 
	I feel so helpless 
Why is it you? 
	Ripping my insides each time I'm with you 
	why do I try? 
	Why do I fucking need to?
(Fuck.) X7
Slut.

	***

So, another Chapter has taken place.  And I need your
help.  I need comments.  Tell me what you like, and 
tell me what you don't like.  I need to know.  I am 
at a stage where I can take this story virtually 
anywhere.  So freakin' E-mail me.  Chances are that 
I will listen to you.  C'mon, email me, you know you
wanna.  Mail me, Gitaro, at 4alldaze@msn.com.  

	Subject: To Gitaro the Metalhead: Comments on 
chapters 1,2 or 3

	I just had a bright idea, too.  If you want to be
a character in my series, just Email me with your name,
general body type, type of role you would like to play,
as well as your personality and gender, whether you would
fall in love with Tenchi or not, etc.

	In the subject box, write:  To Gitaro the Metalhead:
I'm a character.  This way I won't delete it.

	Also, and this is important, if you want to be a 
character, tell me what kind of music you listen to and 
AT LEAST ONE FLAW about your character.

	I need names for all sorts of upcoming characters. 
So I need your help.  If you don't help me. I'm not 
responsible for any retaliation mother nature might take.
This guy in Montana didn't help me, and I hear he turned
into Bigfoot.  Honest.
