        <><><><><><>

        I am looking for applicants to become characters
in my fic!  I need you to respond!  If you think you
have what it takes to be a Tenchi Muyo character, just
send me your name, general body type, type of role
you would like to play, as well as your personality and
gender, whether you would fall in love with Tenchi
or not, or if you're a guy, are you friend or foe...etc.

        It is also important that I have an apparent charac-
ter flaw about you, and it would help if you tell me what
kind of music you listen to.  Otherwise, I'll just make
it up.  And I'll make it ugly.  This is YOU we're talking
about.

        Cool people that have already applied are Nick Scott
and Terry McMahon.  These people kick more ass than any of
you chickens, they were the first.  That's right, you.  You
chicken.

        Just write me at 4alldaze@msn.com and make the subject:

        To Gitaro: I'm a character

        Thank you!  =^_^=

        <><><><><><>

        Well, inspiration has struck me again, and so I'm
back for another chapter.  (Hehe)  I really hope this
fic doesn't suck. I just got finished reading DESTINY'S
BALANCE and have to say, I'm quite humbled.

        I guess my skills pale to those of Thomas Doscher.
(Glances an evil look outside his surveillance van, parked
across from Thomas' house)

        However, I am not to be so easily discouraged.  I'll
one-up you SOMEDAY, Doscher!  The VICTORY WILL BE MINE!!!
(Shakes fist in air)

        ~> Tenchi and Co. don't belong to me.  And therefore,
I am *technically* breaking the law by using them for my own
evil purposes.  But everybody is doing it, so I've decided to
do it too, and better.  Please don't sue me.  I deserve it,
but please don't do it.



Tenchi Muyo!: Culture Shock!
Chapter 4:  Bitter Resolutions  <or>  Bryan's Broken Face!
By Gitaro the Drunken Writer and Metalhead

        Ryoko was on the roof of the Masaki residence, looking
out into the night sky.  The stars welcomed her, as if asking
forgiveness for the things she had gone through before she
came to earth.  She quickly changed her train of thought,
though.  She never liked to think of *him*, or her past.

        She shifted her gaze to the forest, where she saw
something unusual.  A bright neon light flashed up towards
the sky, and then dissipated.

        < What was that? > Ryoko thought.  She decided she
should investigate.

        She came to a clearing in the middle of the woods,
where a large tree of Jurai was standing in the middle of
a lake.

        < Isn't that Funaho? > she wondered.

        She was about to leave when she noticed something
else.  A young man lying on the ground unconscious, and a
young girl.  Under closer inspection she could tell that
it was Bryan and Sasami.

        ***

        "Oh, you're coming around..."  Washu commented.

        Bryan awoke to see Washu's face.  He was in an
emergency room-styled portion of the her lab.  He tried to
lean up, but found that he was too weak even to breathe.
He noticed several apparatus attached to him, particularly
the breathing device attached to his nostrils.

        "Funaho tried to kill you, you know."  Washu said.

        She lay silent for a while and injected some liquid
into Bryan's left arm.  She sat own next to him and looked
him in the eyes.

        "I've also got some news for you that you might find
interesting."

        He could only stare in reply.

        "You're not Juraian, at least, not in a sense."

        He breathed a momentary sigh of relief.

        "You're actually something far more extraordinary."

        He looked at her in dismay.  What could she have to
tell him?

        "*That* will come in due time, though..."  She got up
from out of his sight range and turned on a valve attached
to his breathing apparatus.  Slowly he could see his sight
melting away, as he heard her last words for the moment.

        "For now you need your rest..."

        ***

        Sasami lay in her bed, as she had been doing for the
last two days.  She hadn't remembered seeing someone like
that before.  She felt to blame.  She was the one who told
Bryan to touch the tree, and he hadn't been out of the lab
yet.  For all she knew, he could be dead, because of her.

        < Tsunami, why? > she asked herself.

        > Sasami, the reason will reveal itself soon. <
It seemed strangely enough, that Tsunami was listening
to her.

        < But why did Funaho trick me... >

        > Shh, don't think about that now.  He'll be allright. <

        She heard a door slide open, but Sasami didn't bother
to check who it was.  It wasn't the person she wanted it
to be.

        "S..Sasami?" said Ayeka, rather shaken.  She had
never seen her younger sister like this.  She wanted to
help, without the knowledge of how to do so.  "Sasami, I
know everything will be OK."

        Sasami lay quiet.  She had wanted to respond but
no words could describe how she felt at the moment.  There
was nothing anybody could do for her right now.

        "S..Sasami?" Ayeka looked at her sister in dismay.
"...feel free to come downstairs when you feel better,
okay?"

        Sasami spoke for the first time since Bryan was
injured.  "Okay."  She remained still, and Ayeka smiled.

        < She'll be OK. > Ayeka thought to herself.
< She's too young to be like this for much longer.
She'll rebound for sure.>

        Ayeka went downstairs into the kitchen, where
the rest of the group was waiting.

        "Do you know what happened yet?"  Tenchi asked.

        Ayeka shook her head.

        "She still isn't speaking yet, huh?"

        Ayeka nodded.  "She'll get better in time,
...I know she will."

        "Do you think Bryan... tried something?"  asked
Ryoko.

        "What are you implying?"  Ayeka said aloud
suddenly.

        "Well, you know, he might not be as *decent* as
we think he is..."

        Tenchi looked at her with a disgusted look on his
face.  "You don't mean..."

        Ryoko hesitantly nodded.

        "Let's hope not."  Tenchi insisted.  "I.. He didn't
seem like *that*.. but, I guess I don't know him that
well.."

        "I wish Washu would unlock her door!"  Ayeka
commented.  "All this secrecy is leading me to suspect..
...anything but good, that's for sure!"

        "I agree with you on that..."  Ryoko added.
"..What could dear *mother* be up to?"

        ***

        Washu looked at the young man, lying seemingly
lifeless before her.  Funaho had tried to kill him, and she
had an idea why.

        < What have you gotten yourself into, boy? > she
thought.

        She pulled a data pad from one of the desks nearby
and made a few marks.

        < Guess I should try waking him up now... >

        She closed the valve on the breathing apparatus that
had been keeping him in a state of suspended animation.
Slowly his eyes began to open.  He looked at her from the
corner of his eye, and leaned upward, now having regained
some strength.

        "Wash...Wash..wah"  He couldn't speak.  The tree had
done some damage to his brain, and whatever medicines he was
under were in full effect.

        "Shhh, just listen to me.  You will be 110% back to
normal as long as you take it easy, and do what I tell you."

        He reclined, and strained to remain in a relaxed
disposition.  Washu leaned over, mainly so he could see her
clearly, and began speaking to him.

        "Bryan, have you been trying to deceive me?  Are you
sure you don't know what you are?"

        Bryan looked back at her with a questionable face.

        "I see."  Washu turned away and walked towards the
monitor that read Bryan's vital statistics.  "We'll have
to resume this conversation when you've learned to speak
again.  You don't have a problem with me operating on you,
do you?"

        Bryan tried to look her in the eye, but couldn't see
her.  He nodded slowly.

        "Good." she replied.  "When you wake up next, you'll
be able to talk, and hopefully all brain damage you've
sustained will be repaired."

        Bryan closed his eyes.  He didn't really know what
was going on, but he had to trust everything he had to this
woman, who he had been dreading just a few days before.

        ***

        Sasami woke up, apparently she had been sleeping for
a while.  She was feeling very hungry, and had to go to the
bathroom.  ( I would, too, after two days!) She slowly crawled
out of bed, and made way to the bathroom door.  She was
interrupted by a violet haired older sister.

        "SASAMI!  You're finally allright!"  Ayeka practically
choked her little sister at the mid-section, making nature's
call all the louder.  "Everybody!  Sasami is awake!"

        Everybody seemed to surround her in no time flat.
Mihoshi, Tenchi, Katsuhito, Ryoko, Ayeka, and even Ryo-ohki
crowded in a circle around her.  Indistinguishable voices
boomed in her ears.

        "Is she allright?"

        "What did he do to you?"

        "Are you hurt?"

        "Did someone attack you?"

        "What was Bryan doing to Funaho?"

        "He didn't... did he?"

        "Miya! Miya!"

        The voices swirled around her head.  Words that sounded as
if they were coming from the right would shift to the left and
melt downward.  Sasami exploded.  "I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM!"

        Everybody stopped in their tracks, and the little
princess shoved her way through her circle of onlookers.
Beads of sweat appeared on their heads as the group waited...
...and waited...and waited.

        "I guess she WAS holding it for 2 days..." Ryoko said.

        The gang moved downstairs, and eagerly waited more in
the living room.  Slowly, Sasami emerged from upstairs, and
climbed down to the floor below.  Her previous circle of
onlookers were now reclined on the couch, waiting for some
answers to the questions they had been asking since Sasami
was first discovered in the woods.

        She sat between Ayeka and Tenchi, and stared at the
ground.

        Slowly she began to speak.  "I..Is he okay?"

        "Who?"  Ayeka asked.

        Apparantly that was the wrong question to ask.  "Who
do you think?"  Sasami shrieked, surprising everyone.
"SANTA CLAUS?  I'm talking about Bryan!"

        The whole group was taken aback at Sasami's outburst.
Her eyes began welling up in tears.

        "I'm sorry, Sasami... I didn't realize..." Ayeka sighed.

        "Of course you didn't!"  Sasami began crying aloud.
"You HATE him, Ayeka!  You're probably *glad* he's dead!"

        Ayeka repressed every urge to slap her little sister.
"SASAMI!  HOW COULD YOU ACCUSE SUCH A THING!" Ayeka by now
had been standing tall, staring down at her, fuming.  Slowly,
she calmed herself.

        Tenchi interrupted suddenly.  "Sasami, Bryan is NOT dead."

        Sasami gave him a weak stare.  "Really?"

        Tenchi nodded.  "He's with Washu, everything will be
allright."

        Sasami managed a smile.

        Tenchi reassured her.  "Trust me.  He's a fighter...
...Like Ryoko!"

        "HUH?"  Ryoko added.  "He's nothing like..mmffff!"
Ayeka held her mouth shut, and smiled goofily.

        "Umm, what Ryoko means to say is... that Tenchi
is absolutely right!  Right, Ryoko?" Ayeka released
Ryoko's mouth.

        "...right..." She regretfully said.

        At that, Sasami beamed.  "Great!  Now for some food to
celebrate!"

        "Umm..." Mihoshi interrupted.  "You still haven't
answered any of our..."

        Ryoko got her attention and shook her head, trying to
get her to realize that now was not the time.

        Mihoshi seemed confused by the gesture.  "But we were
supposed to find out what it is that Bryan did to her!"

        Sasami paused, and turned.  "What do you mean, *did* to
me?"

        Tenchi hesitated, then spoke.  "..Well, we thought maybe
Funaho had retaliated for something Bryan was doing to you.
Sasami, he didn't...hurt you...did he?"

        "What?  NO!"  Sasami furrowed her eyebrows in a menacing
stare.  "Bryan never did anything!  The tree was reacting to him,
and so I said he should touch it, and then..." she paused,
breathing heavily.

        Ayeka gasped.  "You mean, the tree was reacting to YOU,
right?  And then he ran up and touched it, right?"

        Sasami shook her head.  "No I told you, it was reacting to
*BRYAN*!"

        "That's impossible!"  Ayeka bit.  "Funaho would not respond
to a human!  You must be mistaken!"

        "Oh, yeah, Ayeka!  I'm LYING to you!  You NEVER believe
ANYTHING!"  Sasami started crying and ran upstairs into her room.

        Ayeka stared at the empty space where her younger sister
had been standing.  Her face was beginning to fault, and her eyes
welled up a little bit.

        "Ayeka..."  Tenchi tried to comfort her, but she pushed
him away.  Ryoko stared at the two of them and fumed.

        "Oh, poooor princess." she said aloud.  "My life is sooo
hard, because I fought with my sister!"  she mocked the princess
aloud.  Even for Ryoko, it was *very* callous.

        It made Tenchi pretty mad.  "CAN IT, Ryoko!  SHIT!"
Bryan's mouth was beginning to creep up on Tenchi just a little.

        Ryoko took a step back.  She couldn't believe what
he just said.  The words echoed in her mind as she saw Tenchi
turn his expression of anger from her, to an expression of
compassion for Ayeka.  It left Ryoko confused.

        <Well...at least you have a sister, Ayeka.  And...
friends, and.. a family, and... > A tear welled in her eye.
< and...a mother. > She teared some more.  Tenchi was prac-
tically oogling affection toward Ayeka.  He held her hand to
his.

        < ...and now you.. have Tenchi's affection, too. >

        She stared at Tenchi, who was looking at Ayeka with
a hypnotized gaze.  Ayeka was looking at the ground, and
tearing a bit.  Ryoko teleported out of the living room,
in time to miss Tenchi hugging Ayeka, and onto the roof of
the house.  She began to cry.

        If only she had known the whole thing was a misunder-
standing.

        ***

        Bryan's eyes shot wide open.  He felt a stab at his
heart, as if something had been torn from him.  He noticed
that his life-support devices were gone, and that he could
freely move about by now.  He stood up to see an empty room
all around him.  Feeling fine, he stood up and walked around,
hoping to get some blood circulating through his body.

        He circled his bed twice, then closed his eyes
and breathed deep.  He felt as if he had gotten the most
restful night's sleep he had ever had.  He felt stronger,
taller, more robust, and more energetic than he could ever
remember.  He felt his face.

        < Hairier, too. > he thought.  He opened his eyes,
and saw Washu staring at him.  She was smiling at him.
< That has got to be the most honest smile I've ever seen. >
Bryan thought again.

        "Am I a genius, or what!"  She said aloud.  It was
more of a statement than a question.

        "I'm beginning to think you really are..."
Bryan said aloud, his voice clearer than ever.  He looked
at the tattoo of a crab on his right wrist.  "What's this?

        Her smile became even wider.  "That's my official
'WASHU' seal of approval!  You're in tip-top shape!"

        "Oh, how... nice..."  Bryan tried to hold back his
discontent.  The little crab looked almost like it was
laughing at him.

        Washu's face went back to normal.  "Well, back to
business, Bryan.  You do remember what I was talking to
you about before, right?"

        Bryan thought for a moment.  "You said... that I
wasn't Juraian!  Great!  That means... that... I can go
home?"

        Washu replied  "Well, I *did* say that you weren't
Juraian, but only in a sense..."

        Bryan didn't like where her tone of voice was headed.

        "You see, you don't stem from the Juraian Royal Family,
as I had previously thought."

        Bryan continued staring at her in dismay.

        "You are something much, much rarer, and much more
extraordinary.  Actually, I'm glad I found you!"

        Bryan stumbled.  "Rarer?"  < Is that even a word? >

        "Let's put it this way", Washu said.  "You are a
direct descendant of a long thought destroyed family tree,
or clan, for lack of a better word!"

        "What?"  Bryan said, flabberghastedly.

        "Well, it has to do with a Juraian Legend..."

        Bryan hated this.  "Oh, great.  Now I'm done for.."
he muttered to himself for a while, and glanced up at
Washu again.  "...well, spill the beans..."

        "Actually, first... you should proabably see this!"

        Bryan glanced at what looked like a telephone.  "What's
that?"

        "A phone, silly!  Man, you *are* out of it!"

        Bryan would have facefaulted, but instead asked who
was on the other line.

        "It's your mother!  Who else?"

        Bryan eyes bugged.  Of course, he hadn't tried to call
home since he was gone!  Boy, did he have some explaining to
do.  He wasn't a minor, but taking off without warning would
be enough to leave any parent concerned!

        He warily picked up the phone, and spoke into it.
"Hello?"

        "El-o?  Hu is dis(u)?"

        Bryan recognized the voice, but couldn't understand
a damn thing she was saying.

        "It's me, mom!  Bryan!"

        The voice on the other end sounded as if it became
very worried.  "Bu-ryan?  Hwer is(u) hi?"

        Bryan still couldn't understand.  The damned con-
traption Washu used to teach him Japanese erased his mind
of all English.

        "Mom, I'm in Japan!  Aaargh!"

        "Oh, mai gad!  Jim(u)!  Bu-ryan has(u) bin kid-naped
bai di Ja-pa-nis ma-fia!"

        "Can you understand anything I'm saying?  Hello?"

        Then his dad got on the phone.

        "Hu is dis?  Ai wir kat yor troat op-hen!"

        Bryan hadn't realized it before, but English was
very stupid sounding.

        "Damnit!  It's ME!  BRYAN!"

        "Ai am kaling de kaps now!"  His dad paused.  "If
yu tach heem, yu dai, MU-DA-FU-KA!"

        At that, the line clicked, and was disconnected.
Bryan didn't know what to make of it, and he stared into
the air ahead of him.

        -SOME TIME LATER-

        "So... what about that legend?"  Bryan said, bleakly,
to Washu.  He continued staring into space, his thoughts
drifting in confusion.  His life sucked more and more
the longer he stayed with the Masaki family.

        "Right...  your physical composure has to do with a
Juraian Legend..."

        Bryan looked at her with a bleak interest.

        "But we'll keep it simple for now.  Let's just
say that a long time ago, there were several 'ethnicities'
among the Jurai race.  But that was before the Jurai race
was known as the Jurai race, so we'll just refer to them
as the X people!"

        Bryan stared at her, blankly.  "..." Was all he could
muster.  Washu stood up, and immediately a diagram appeared
behind her.

        "Now, there were three major clans among the X people!"

        The chart showed three lines running parallel to each
other.

        "Each of them had common ancestry, but trailed off
later...  The Jurai Clan was a clan that housed power.  The
Cleavi Clan had very swift warriors, some so fast you could
barely see them attack!  And my personal favorite, the Falsi
Clan, was a race completely composed of geniuses!"

        The graph showed an originating point from the left,
and the three lines that trailed to the right.

        "Until eventually, little disputes made them all hate
each other, and they started a war!  Now, keep in mind, this
*is* the abridged version..."

        Bryan rolled his eyes.  Washu didn't seem to notice,
or she didn't care.

        "Now, eventually Jurai emerged the victor, and the
other two races completely disappeared!  That is, until now!"

        The graph showed a picture of Bryan.  Fully nude.

        "And that's where *you* come in!  You're a mix of all
three clans!  You're part Jurai, part Falsi, and most of all,
you're part Cleavi!"

        Bryan just stared at the picture of him, which was
rotating in circles.  He saw angles of his naked body that
were impossible to see from a mirrors perspective.  He was
motionless with embarrassment.

        "Um, Bryan?"  The young man continued staring at
his gyrating body on the screen.

        "BRYAN!"  he snapped out of it, and the graph faded.

        "...what?"  He mustered.  Apparently he hadn't heard
a word she said.  "...right, Cleavi, got it."  He didn't
want to see the graph again.  He decided to go back upstairs.

        ***

        Ryoko remained on the rooftop.  Had Tenchi really liked
Ayeka *that* much?  Ayeka's was only a small fight in
comparison to the ones Ryoko faced every day.  Couldn't Tenchi
see how much pain Ryoko was really in?  From her sperspective,
it was difficult to tell.

        < He's obviously never loved anyone seriously before... >
she thought.

        This time it was different.  Had it been Ayeka that
approached Tenchi, things would have been the same.  But it
had been Tenchi who approached Ayeka.  Ryoko could see it
in his eyes.  And Ayeka pushed *him* away!

        Her tear-stricken face eyed the shingles below her.
She wished she couldn't fly.  Then she could just fall to her
death now.  Maybe if she didn't have her gem.  It was useless
trying to pry it off, but if it was gone, it would be so much
easier to die.

        She glanced into the forest, and then glanced over in
the direction of her old cave.  Had Yosho left her to live
like this, so she could suffer?  So she could agonize over
his grandson like this?  Had he planned it all along?

        < I swear I'll kill him. > She grimaced.  She im-
meadiately stopped her train of thought.  < No, that would
hurt Tenchi.  Then again, why should I care about that stupid
son of a bitch! >

        Ryoko breathed deep.  < No, I didn't mean that.  I'm
sorry Tenchi...maybe I should just kill *her*. > sudden
emotion overcame her.

        Ryoko bent over and cried hard.  Her crying became
somewhat convulsion-like, and brought her head down to
touch the roof.  With each sob her body thrust forward,
somewhat reminiscent of a sick, beautiful animal.

        She felt something behind her.  Someone had been
watching her.  She stood up immediately and turned around,
trying to choke back the tears that had overcome her entire
body, something that even the strongest of soldiers
could have never done.

        "Bryan.." she said.  "Get the hell away from me."

        He looked her in the eyes.  How much time had passed
since he had been out?  What could've happened to bring the
once proud pirate down like this?

        < Unless..> Bryan thought. < Tenchi must have done some-
thing. >

        Ryoko lashed out at Bryan.  Slapping him hard across
the face.  It knocked him back over the other side of the
roof.  He got up, and peered over the top.

        "I SAID GET THE HELL AWAY FROM ME!"  Ryoko's sobs came
out through her nose and made her sound unnaturally nasal.
She turned around and sat down, gasping for air between sobs.

        Bryan was beginning to fuel with anger.  < That little
bitch. > he thought. < I think I'm going to have a talk with
him... >

        Bryan turned and went through the window downstairs,
looking for the young man that had apparantly insulted his friend.
There was more to this scene than the casual onlooker would think.

        ***

        The room swirled with a pleasant aroma.  Ayeka's royal
perfume filled the air of the computer room, where she and
Tenchi were talking.  However, despite the pleasant scenery,
and the pleasant aroma, Ayeka was still upset.  Her sister's
words echoed in her mind.  Ayeka never would have known that
her sister had feelings like *that* about her.

        "Ayeka, I know you're feeling depressed..."  Tenchi was
across the room from Ayeka, leaning in a chair.  Ayeka only
sighed.

        "I never knew..."  She trailed.  "Was I wrong to question
Sasami?"

        Tenchi shrugged.  "I don't know."  He looked around, trying
to think.  Then he saw a familiar bottle in the corner.  It was
the orange juice he had squeezed earlier that day.

        < But that's strange... what's it doing up here? > he
thought.

        He looked back at Ayeka, and spoke.  "Say.. you wouldn't
want anything to drink, would you?"

        Ayeka shook her head.  "No, well... I don't really feel like
drinking anything..."

        Tenchi picked up the bottle.  "Oh."  He took a sip, and
closed the bottle again.  "It's pretty good... fresh squeezed,
and everything..."

        "Hmm."  Ayeka sighed.  "If you.. insist."  She slowly grabbed
the bottle, and took a sip.  It tasted good enough.  She swallowed.
The aftertaste was a little odd, and reminded her of something.  She
couldn't quite put a finger on what, though.

        "This is pretty good.  You say you squeezed it yourself?"

        "Sasami showed me how."  Tenchi commented.

        "Hmm."  Ayeka took a larger drink this time, and set the
bottle down.  "It has a funny aftertaste, did you notice?"

        "No.."  He picked up the bottle, and took a big gulp.  "No,
I don't notice anything.  Maybe your just not used to *fresh* orange
juice."

        Ayeka tasted some more.  The aftertaste was so familiar.
"No, I've tasted something like this before... I just can't remember
what."  She drank again.  "Honestly, you can't taste anything?"

        He took the bottle again, and sipped again.  "No, honestly,
I... wait, there *is* something."  He took another sip.  "Wait,
no... it was just my imagination."

        Tenchi and Ayeka went back and forth passing the bottle,
all the while becoming more and more drunk.  The aftertaste was
actually alcohol.  This bottle was one of Ryoko's latest attempts
to get Tenchi to loosen up.  Maybe she should have hidden it better.

        -A FEW MINUTES LATER-

        "No..Reallly."  Tenchi hiccupped.  "I don't tasste anything,
anythingg..at all."

        "Honestlly, <hic>" Ayeka said.  "There hass to be something
elssse... in here."  She grabbed the bottle again, and peered
inside.  It was about half full.  This was some strong OJ.

        "Iff we have to drink the whoole thing.." Ayeka began.
"..Wee're going to ffind out."

        ***

        Bryan searched the upper attic floor for his victim,
but to no avail.  That's when he heard Tenchi's laughter
from downstairs, along with a cackling from the witch Bryan
had come to know as Ayeka.

        He trudged downstairs, easily finding the room
Tenchi was in.  < One more laugh out of him and I *swear*
I will rip his lungs out! >

        "Ohh, Ayyeka.  That'ss sso true!"  he heard Tenchi say,
or rather, slur.

        At that he heard even more laughter.  It was very un-
rehearsed laughter, the kind of laughter that occurs... with
drunkenness.

        Bryan walked through the doorway, and closed the door
behind him.  To his surprise, Ayeka's dress was coming loose,
and she didn't seem to notice.

        "Umm helllo Brryan.."  she slurred.

        "Hiiya, Brryann."  Tenchi blurted.  He took another sip.
"Wannt some OJ?"

        Bryan's eyes widened.  "..Okay!"  He slapped himself.
"I mean, no!  Not now!  Right now I need to talk to you."

        "Sshure, go a-<hic>-head."

        "Um.. could -she- leave?"  he pointed at Ayeka  "Just for
now?"

        Ayeka let out a 'hmph!'.  "I'll be rright back, Tenchi.
We'lll find out what'ss withh thhat orange juice, yet."  At
that, she left the room.

        Bryan got right to business.  "Ok, Tenchi, have you noticed..
Tenchi!"

        Tenchi looked up at Bryan.  "Whhat?"

        "You're not listening!"

        "Oh, did you say something?"  Tenchi took another drink.
"I didn't noticcce..."

        "Give me that!"  Bryan grabbed the drink from Tenchi's hand.
He took a small sip.  "Wow, that's some strong OJ."  He commented.
He shook his head.  "Anyway, I was saying... did you notice..
um, that Ryoko was acting...odd?"

        "Of course, I noticed her... she wakes me up every morrningg
last week, <hic>.  Now, that'ss odd."

        "No, I meant today!  TODAY!"  Bryan tried shaking Tenchi.
It just disorientated him more.

        "Oh, man... I don't like this..."  Tenchi looked like he
was going to barf.  "I.. Uh.. mmmph."  Tenchi held it back.

        "Tenchi, for crying out loud!  Why are you *drinking* with
Ayeka!"

        "Huh, shhe was in a bad mood... so I thought I'dd cheeer her
up.."  Tenchi tried standing, but fell down into a seat behind him.

        "But don't you know about Ryoko?  What do you know about
her?"

        "Brryan.. yyou're not making anny sense, I know *alll* about
Ayek, I mean Ryoko.  You're jusst... crazzy."

        "ERRGH!"  Bryan steamed up.  "LISTEN!  You... hurt... Ryoko's
... feelings somehow... HOW?"  He was shaking Tenchi by the collar
at this point.  "HOW?"

        Tenchi burped.  It was the nastiest orange smell you could ever
smell.  Bryan's face twisted.  "I didn't hurrt your ffeelings,
Brryan.." Tenchi muttered.

        "Not MY feelings, erg, RYOKO'S FEELINGS!  SHE'S ON THE
ROOF!  SHE'S BAWLING HER EYES OUT!  WHAT THE HELL!"

        Tenchi responded, slurridly.  "No, no, no.  You have to
go through the window to get to the roof."  He pointed upward.
"Up thhere!"

        "SHHUT UP!" Bryan lunged at Tenchi and began strang-
ling him.  "DAMNIT! SHUT UP, AND MAKE SENSE!!"

        Tenchi responded by thrusting his fist in Bryan's gut,
as his Jurai training advised him.  Drunken martial arts occur
swiftly, and without rational thought.

        Bryan promptly released his grip.  < NOW HE WANTS TO FIGHT?
OOOOH..... I'LL SHOW HIM.... >

        Unfortunately for Tenchi, Bryan wasn't through with him
all too easily.  He approached Tenchi with a hard fist to his face,
making his cheek bleed from the inside.  Tenchi grabbed his next
punch, and twisted Bryan's arm, grabbing him in a Juraian death
lock.

        Bryan took all the force he had, and used his legs to
propel him and Tenchi toward the wall, repeatedly knocking
Tenchi's head against it.  After several hits, the wall faulted
and sent Tenchi and Bryan outside, falling two stories toward the
ground.

        Ayeka stared in shock, as she had just returned.

        The two young men landed in a hay pile, wrestling to
keep the other from escaping first.  Bryan butted his head
against Tenchi's repeatedly.

        "FUCKING BASTARD!"  Bryan yelled.  "I wish you would
have seen what you did to her!"

        Bryan tensed and pushed against Tenchi, who effortlessly
flipped him, even in his condition.  Mid-flip, however, Bryan
held on to Tenchi tight, sending them both tumbling... right into
the lake.

        Bryan stood up, standing in water only a few feet deep.

        "You know what your problem is, Tenchi?"  He was bleeding
from his lip, and had several bruises across his body.

        "What?"  By now Tenchi was more aware.  "Are you going to
tell me that I'm a queer again?  Go ahead!"  Tenchi had an amount
of damage on him, as well.  Bryan was a different kind of fighter
than Tenchi was used to dealing with, well, that and he was drunk.

        "Your like, not real!  Your like a Mr. *ooh so perfect*
boy!"  Bryan spat a mouthful of blood from his mouth, into the
water.  The blood seemed to rape the cleanliness of the lake.
"And you think you can step all over the girls because of it!"

        "WHAT?"  Tenchi was disgusted with the idea.  He should
have sent back Bryan when they first found him.  "YOU LEAVE THE
GIRLS OUT OF THIS!"

        Tenchi charged at Bryan, attacking him head on.  Bryan had
no way of outmaneuvering Tenchi's fists.  Each connected with
severity.

        Bryan got up from off the ground, spitting even more blood
from his mouth.  "Ryoko loves you."

        Tenchi couldn't tell if Bryan was telling the truth or
making a sick game out of the girls' feelings.  Recently Bryan's
character was in certain question, leaving the entire group con-
fused as to where he stood.

        "Bryan, what did I just say?"  Tenchi glanced at Bryan
menacingly.  His drunken stupor made him all the more viscious
looking.  His face hung, unnaturally, and his eyes... they were
not normal.

        "SHE DOES!  How can you walk all over her like you do?"
Bryan's words only pissed Tenchi off more.

        "YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW!"  Tenchi screamed with rage.  "You
don't know ANYTHING about ME, RYOKO, AYEKA, SASAMI, WASHU, or
even MIHOSHI!"  He was beginning to fuel himself with the sight
of his attacker.  The one that had brought on the last back-
breaking straw.

        "WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT ME, THEN?"  Bryan yelled.
"I KNOW MORE THAN YOU THINK!"

        "YOU DON'T KNOW ANYHING!"  Tenchi was furious.  He
lunged at Bryan with an anger-fueled rage.  The same kind
of rage that tends to blind people.  He crashed into the dock
Bryan was standing in front of, as Bryan cumbersomely moved
out of the way.

        "I know that you hurt Ryoko!  Enough to leave her
crying on the roof, while you *chatted* away with your little
friend, Ayeka!"  Bryan spat.

        "Liar!"  Tenchi stared at his foe.  He was lying.  Or
was he?  "You have no idea how I feel for Ryoko!  I deeply care
for ALL OF THE GIRLS!"

        A small, black symbol appeared on Tenchi's forehead, and
a bright energy radiated from it.  It was the power of Jurai,
flowing through him.  It was the light-hawk wings.

        Bryan's eyes bugged as well.  He had heard a tiny bit about
the power that Tenchi possessed, but had never seen it before.
He gazed as Tenchi surrounded his body with an eye-piercing armor,
and an even more impressive shield.  In his right hand he held a
large sword, gleaming in what seemed like it's own light.  Tenchi
lifted up, and swung.

        Bryan felt something well up inside him.  He closed his eyes,
and waited for the blow to strike.  He waited, and waited, but
nothing happened.  He opened one eye, and saw Tenchi in front of
him, moving incredibly slowly.  Bryan quickly stood up and got out
of Tenchi's way, only to find Tenchi still swinging at thin air.
It was as if time had slowed down.

        Tenchi stopped and turned to look at Bryan.  < That was
fast. >  Tenchi thought.  He repositioned himself to face Bryan
and charged with all the speed he had.

        Bryan watched as he did so.  Tenchi moved up, on his right
foot, jumped, hovered in the air for a time, and landed on his
left.  It was like he was running in slow motion.

        < What's going on? >  Bryan asked himself.  He easily dodged
Tenchi, and smacked his face with a punch.  Immediately Tenchi sped
up to normal, turning and facing Bryan with his sword.  He felt his
cheek, which had swelled immensely, and made a swing at Bryan.
Bryan jumped out of the way, almost missing the blade.  It con-
nected with a small part of his face.

        "AAAAUGH!"  Bryan clutched at his face, which had begun
bleeding profusely.

        Tenchi's powers disappeared, and his anger calmed.  Suddenly
Tenchi had realized what he had done.  And he didn't like it.
The pain from the battle caught up with him, and he fell to his
shoulder, shaking nervously.  Half of his body sank into the mud
of the lake.

        < What have I done? >  Tenchi thought to himself.  < I almost
killed him.  What the hell is HAPPENING to ME! >

        Tenchi lay on the ground, watching Bryan, who was clutching
his face, and thrashing about in the water.  He tried to look away
as he slowly lost consciousness.

        Ryoko had seen the whole thing.  "NO! BRYAN, YOU IDIOT!"

        Bryan fell to the ground, face in the water.  Clouds in the
sky boomed, and lightning struck a random tree in the forest.  The
thunder from it rolled over the house, and a thick rain flooded
on Bryan and Tenchi's bodies.

        Suddenly Ayeka stumbled out frantically breathing and began
kicking a semi-conscious Bryan in the stomach.

        "If you..."

        Kick.

        "...ever..."

        Kick.

        "...ever..."

        Kick.

        "...ever..."

        Kick.

        "...come near Tenchi again..."  Her tears weren't visible in
the rain.

        Kick.

        Ayeka felt a sharp pain in her back.  She turned to see
Ryoko standing on the rooftop pointing at her.

        "Bitch!  You're out of line!" Ryoko yelled.

        Ryoko teleported down next to Ayeka and slapped her
hard.  Suddenly Ryoko felt something come around her neck.
It was one of Katsuhito's wooden swords.  Ryoko teleported
away, and saw the angry old man's face looking back at her.
He shook his head, calmly, as if to say 'No, Ryoko'.

        Ryoko, only having one gem, was outmatched by
Katsuhito even now.  Ayeka lay on the floor, bleeding, and
Tenchi and Bryan were both unconscious.

        Ryoko looked around her.  It was a mess.  The worst
that could've happened just did.  She began sobbing again,
and disappeared.

        Could the whole thing have happened because of *her*?
Bryan's words, 'you should have seen her', rang in her mind.

        ***

        Tenchi awoke in Washu's lab, in a full body cast of
sorts, facing Bryan, who was stuck in a similar cast.  Their
eyes met, and they both looked away.

        "So... you're both awake, I see!"  Washu greeted the
two of them.  "That was quite a fight, or so I hear..."

        The boys looked each other in the eye again, but refused
to speak to each other.  Even the sharpest knife couldn't cut
through the tension in the air.  You could smell it.

        "Tenchi, I know it sound obsurd, but you're light-hawk
wings seem to be reliant on your feelings toward..."  Washu
stopped.

        Tenchi wasn't even listening.  He was staring at Bryan,
who was staring back.  Both of them hated each other now, more
than ever.

        < Men. >  Washu noted.  "You know, I *am* responsible for
saving your LIVES, you..."

        Tenchi and Bryan continued staring at each other.  All other
fascets of existance were non-existant.  All that was, was hatred
toward the enemy.

        "Hmmph!"  I'll show these guys."  Washu moved to a console,
and pushed a series of buttons.  She removed two pairs of sunglasses,
from a hole in the air, and placed them on both Bryan and Tenchi's
eyes.

        "There!"  She said.  "No more peeking at each other for you
two!"

        Tenchi and Bryan formed sweatdrops.  They looked really
rediculous in full body casts with sunglasses on.

        ***

        "Why did he do it?"  Sasami asked her older sister.

        "Because he is despicable."  Was her reply.  "I was
wrong about him.  He IS worse than Ryoko!  He should be
locked up!"

        "I didn't think he was... like that."  Mihoshi noted.
Seeing the two boys fight like that was an unsettling
experience.

        "There's one thing I don't understand, though."
Ayeka added.

        "What's that?"  Mihoshi asked, curiously.

        "Well, Tenchi single-handedly defeated Kagato,
right?"

        "Yeah..." Sasami agreed.

        "And he's been training with Yosho his entire life!"

        "What are you getting at?"  Mihoshi blurted.

        "Don't you get it?  Tenchi should have been barely
hurt at all!" Ayeka yelled in Mihoshi's face.

        Mihoshi fell back on her butt.  "Well, maybe Bryan
is just really strong!"

        "STRONG MY FOOT!"  Ayeka bit.

        "Ayeka, stop."  Sasami said.  "What about Ryoko?
Where has she gone?"

        "Whhat?  Ryoko?  She's the LAST person I wish to
see!  She attacked me!  It's obvious that Bryan and her
are in league!"

        "In league to do what?" Sasami tried to remain
level headed.

        "I don't know!  I'm not a demon or a crook!  I
don't know what they... DO!"

        Sasami could tell there was something wrong about
this situation.  It wasn't right to blame other people
for mistakes.  Ayeka had been just as wrong as Bryan was
to kick him repeatedly.  In her opinion, Ryoko wasn't
completely at fault, as she left before any more fighting
could occur, and she had stopped Ayeka before she did
anything too serious to Bryan.

        Then again, it was unclear if Bryan was really a
good guy after all.

        Sasami had to find Ryoko.  And find out what had really
happened.  There was more to this than just the surface
could describe.

        "Sasami?"  Ayeka said.  "Sasami!  Have you been
hearing a word I said?"  Apparently Ayeka was talking
while Sasami was trying to think.

        Sasami fumed a little bit.  Her sister was acting
*too* negatively.  This wasn't like her at all.  "NO,
Ayeka!  I HAVEN'T!"  Sasami growled as she took off
toward Bryan's Room.

        "What's her problem?" Ayeka bit again.  "Why does
everybody ignore me?"  She glanced at Mihoshi, who
nervously smiled.

        "Umm, heh, I have to go now..."  Mihoshi scrambled
into the kitchen.

        Ayeka was left to roll over the complexities of
what had happened by herself.  It seemed that anger had made
her a different person .  She sighed, and sat down.  If she
could calm down, she *might* still be able to apologize to her
sister.

        ***

        Sasami was lying down in Bryan's Room, quietly
sobbing over what had just happened.  She didn't understand
why Bryan would want to hurt Tenchi, or why Ayeka had been
becoming so bitter recently.  She glanced at the floor, seeing
an unopened CD case.  It was silver with a white horse in the
lower right corner.  She placed it into Washu's pantented
'insta-translat-o stereo system' and pushed play.

        She skipped by the first song, which had started
rather noisily, and began listening to track number 2.  It
started with a mellow beat, and a nice flowing sound to it.

        < This is unlike the music Bryan usually listens
to... > she thought.

        As she listened to it more, she felt relaxed.  The
music seemed to let her vent out the frustration she had
been experiencing.  She glanced into the sleeve of the CD
cover.  The album was Deftones' 'white pony'.

        She let her thoughts fade away as she became engulfed
in the music.  Worries disappeared, anxieties faded, and
feelings of transgression receded, and she began feeling
normal again.

        She got up on the bed and folded her arms behind her
head.

        < Maybe this is why Bryan is so mellow. > she thought.
< Music is great. >

        At that she quietly dozed off, forgetting her problems
for now.

        ***

        "Will you shut up already!"  Tenchi was getting
furious with Bryan, who would not stop taunting him.

        "Oh, c'mon.  You know you're a..."

        "SHUT UP!  Damn it if it weren't for this cast!"
Tenchi tried to move, but instead fell on the ground, upside
down.  He remained perfectly still in his cast.

        Bryan paused, and laughed like a squeeling pig.
"AAAAAHHH HAHA HAHAHA!"  He was laughing so hard that he fell
off his bed, too.  < Oh, shit. >  He thought.

        < What did I ever *do*?  Huh?  I don't understand!
Why the hell is Bryan so different now? >  Tenchi looked
at Bryan thorugh his sunglasses.

        [ I guess he's just like that.  I wish I could've
really shown him. ]  Tenchi thought again.

        < Well, not really, but I do wish that I would have sent
him back... a *long* time ago...  He used to be so much... nicer.
What happened to him? >

        Tenchi thought about every single thing about Bryan that
bothered him.  He was a mess, and would never clean up after him-
self.  The bathroom was only the beginning of a long list of
examples.  His room was a mess, his clothes (including the ones
Tenchi *gave* him) were a mess, even his hair seemed messy, in
a loosely organized way.

        What else, he used rude language *all* the time, even with
his Grandfather!  No wonder the old man thought somewhat lowly of
him.  Bryan was ruder than anyone in Japan, and he didn't even
seem to realize it.

        And that wasn't even mentioning his music.  It was soo bad,
Tenchi felt like his ears bled when he had to hear it.  It almost
sounded like a chainsaw and a jackhammer trying to have sex.

        Finally, there was the porn magazine Tenchi found in his room.
Tenchi didn't even want to *think* about what it was doing there.

        He sighed.  By far the hardest part of the situation would be
getting rid of Bryan, and making it impossible for him to *hunt*
Tenchi down.  Maybe Washu could erase his memory somehow...

        < So... >  Bryan was leaning against his bed, with his
head and shoulder touching the ground.    His feet were sticking
high in the sky.  Why did casts have to be so stiff?

        < I guess Tenchi is some kind of womanizer...

        < All along, he was pretending to be a goody-two-shoes, just
so he could *pick* the best girl, when he felt like it... that's
low... real low.

        < I never would have thought it, coming from him.  He seemed
like the kind of guy *I* might want to learn something from. I
thought he was the world's last nice guy.  Guess I was wrong.

        < I guess women really are attracted to assholes.  He's
the biggest asshole of all.  I don't even *know* what he did
to Ryoko... I don't WANT to know.

        < Maybe I could help her somehow.  She slapped me, yes, but...
she was sad at the time...  Wait, she wasn't mad at me, was she?
*I* didn't do anything...

        < Oh my god... maybe it WAS me...  What did I do?  What could
I have done?  We don't even know each other that well...

        < I knew it... she DID have a thing for me... and I screwed it
all up... Damn it, STUPID! >

        Bryan hit head head on the inside of his cast, repeatedly.

        [ Oh, great.  What's Bryan doing now?" ]  Tenchi wondered,
seeing Bryan's cast rock back and forth with 'thump' noises.

        ***

        < Bryan. >  Ayeka sat against a root in the forest.
A familiar tree lay before her, the one that had been
named Funaho.  < What could he have been thinking? >

        It was still unclear why Funaho had even attacked
him in the first place, or why it had been supposedly
*reacting* to him.  Sasami hadn't answered a single question
of theirs, leaving everybody in the dark.

        But Ayeka had an idea of finding out.  She could ask
the tree herself, replay the tree's memory.  If it could give
even a fraction of an answer, it would be a great help.

        She stood up, and neared the tree.  She could imme-
diateley sense that it had *wanted* to tell her something.
She touched it, and was flooded with several images.

        -A VISION OF THE PAST...-

        She could see a control room, and an old man sitting
in it, obviously a general of Jurai.  She could tell from
is uniform and demeanor that he was several generations older
than even her father.

        The old man spoke.  "Have you located the intruders,
Toshai?"

        A voice approached from the far corner of the room.
"We are in pursuit, sir."

        "You have been in pursuit for three days."  The old
man said, sternly.

        "We have them trapped in a small sector of the ship.
They will not get away."

        "Good.  What have you found about their identities
as of yet?"  The old man asked.

        Toshai responded.  "One of them is a Cleavi defector
working with the Falsi."

        The old General nodded.  "Then they are both working
with the Falsi?"

        "We do not know, sir.  They seem to fight each other
just as much as they co-operate."

        The old man looked at the ground in thought.  "Hmmm..
Have you found any more information on them?"

        Toshai breathed deep.  "To begin sir, there are two
of them.  The first was in our prison cell for about a week.
The other came disguised as a Falsi Clan Embassador!"

        "Right, I was the one who allowed her on board."  The
General replied.

        "Umm, she's not exactly... a woman.."  Toshai humbly
mumbled.

        "What!"  The General's eyes went wide.  "How?"

        "That's the Falsi Clan for you, always deceptive.
Apparently, the fake ambassador had planned on retreaving
our prisoner, and made an elaborate getaway plan.  We stopped
them, however.  As I mentioned, they are trapped."

        "Have you found their names yet?"

        "It's difficult to say, sir..."  Toshai cleared his
throat.  "One is reffered to as 'Tenchi' and 'Queer' quite
often, the other is reffered to quite often as 'Sonava-Bitch'
and something along the lines of 'Nyran' or 'Byron'."

        "You mean, 'Tenchi' as in the master key?"  The General's
eyes were wide with interest.

        "Well, yes.  It must be some sort of code name.  It really
is rediculous though.  If they were after the master key, they
would have intruded on the great flagship, Tsunami."

        "Hmmm."

        "One more thing."  Toshai presented a sword.  "This was
found on the one known as 'Queer/Tenchi'.  It's an almost perfect
duplicate of the Tenchiken.  I do not know what these gems on it
are, and one appears to be missing."

        "...Some sort of Falsi trickery, no doubt."

        "Yes..."

        Both were suddenly interrupted by an image of Washu on
the viewscreen.  She wasn't a child, however.  Instead, she was
fully grown, in clothing reminiscient of Queen's attire.

        "I demand that you return my Ambassador.  She has been
gone long enough to have completed her assignment.  Why have
you been holding her?"

        The General replied, with a fat voice.  "We know of your
little plan, Washu...  you seem to desire something of ours.  It's
a pity your wisdom rivals that of a pebble."

        Washu grimaced, and the screen faded.  The vision ended also,
leaving Ayeka as confused as ever.

        -BACK IN THE REAL WORLD-

        < What was *THAT*? >  Ayeka tried to make sense of what she
saw.  It seemed that the tree had compiled several seperate memories
into one.  Could it be that the tree was going senile?

        It must have been so.  The vision involved Tenchi, Washu,
and possibly Bryan, in an event that happened over 6,000 years ago.
And *that* was impossible.

        She brought her hand up to the tree one last time, hoping to
get *one* *last* *glimpse* of an explaination.  She reciaved another
image.

        It was a man, with a shaved head, and a short, thin beard and
mustache.  He had a scar over his right eye, as if made during
a battle, and a wild look about him.  The image showed him in a
sleek black prison suit, as was the fashion in the time her vision
had taken place.

        He was shown holding a lightsword, and had a distinct mark
on his right wrist.  If it weren't for the prison suit, Ayeka would
have thought him attractive.

        Again, the image faded from her mind, and it hadn't explained
a damn thing.

        < That's it. >  She thought, disappointed.  < I'm through
with this silly tree. >

        She continued through the forest, losing herself
in thought.  It was almost time for lunch.  She decided
to skip it though, for fear that Ryoko might show up.
And she was the last person Ayeka had wanted to see right
now.

        At all costs, Ayeka had to relax before any more
bitterness could come over her.

        ***

        Ending Song:  "Spit It Out" by Slipknot.  Read the lyrics,
it's the perfect conflict song, or skip it and glance over at the
bottom.

Since you never gave a damn in the first place,
Maybe it's time you had the tables turned
'Cuz in the interest of all involved,
I got the problem solved..
..And the verdict is guilty!

...Man nearly killed me
Steppin where you fear to tread
Stop drop and roll, you were dead from the git go!
Big mouth fucker, Stupid cocksucker
Are you scared of me now?  Then your dumber than I thought!
Always is and never was
Foundation made of piss and vinigar
Step to me I'll smear ya - think I fear ya?  Bullshit!
Just another dumb punk chompin at this tit,
Is there any way to break through the noise?
Was it something that I said that got you bent?
It's gotta be that way if you want it
Sanity, literal profanity - hit me!

        Spit!  It Out!
        All you wanna do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

        Spit!  It Out!
        All you wanna do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

Maybe it's the way you gotta spread a lotta rumor fodder,
Keepin' all your little spies and leavin' when you realize;
Step up, fairy,
I guess it's time to bury your ass with the chrome
                                                        -straight to the
dome
You heard me right, bitch, I didn't stutter
And if you know what's good, just shut up and beg, brother
Backstab - don't you know who you're dissin'?
Side Swipe - we know the ass that you're kissin'!

Bigity-biggedy Bitch boy, halfway hauser
Don't hear shit cuz I keeps gettin' louder!
Come up, and you get a face full o' tactic,
Lippin' off hard, goin' home in a basket!
You got no pull, no power, no nothin'
Now you start shit?  Now ain't that somethin'?
Payoffs don't protect and you can hide if you want
But I'll find you - Comin' up behind you!

        Spit!  It Out!
        All you wann do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

        Spit!  It Out!
        All you wanna do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

'Bout time I set this record straight,
Cuz all the needlenose punchin is makin' me irate...
Sick o' my bitchin' fallin on deaf ears...
Where you gonna be in the next five years?
The crew and all the fools, and all the politix
Get your lips ready, gonna gag, gonna make you sick
You got dick when they passed out the good stuff
Bam - are you sick of me?
Good enough - had enough!

        Fuck me!  I'm all out of Enemies (x7)
        Fuck me!  I'm all out of enemas!

        Spit! It Out!
        All you wanna do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

        Spit! It Out!
        All you wanna do is drag me down,
        All I wanna do is stamp you out!

        Spit!

        Spit!

        Spit!
        Spit!
        Spit!  IT  OUT!

        Now, you absolutely NEED to E-mail me, if you haven't
already.  Bitch me out.  Talk to me.  Give me advice.  Adore my
lovely work, or hate it.  It's EASY.  Just hit the 'back' button,
and  click on the little link that says 4alldaze@msn.com.  It's
that easy... really!  Then again, if you're too stupid to figure
that out, I probably wouldn't want to hear what you have to say
anyway.  Prove it to me... can you think independently?

        More things.  The following people are on my 'kick ass' list.

Nick Scott              Zyraen          James Padilla
Terry McMahon   Kevin Sigmund   Aldrich Bautista

        You too, can be on the 'kick ass' list.  Just E-mail me,
and kick ass.  Damnit.
