---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have declared myself exempt from any disclaiming obligations.

	Tenchi Muyo: Culture Shock
	Extra Bit 1: Raiman-Doa

	by Stahlfaust
		edited by Gitaro the Metalhead

	anonymous contributers include:
		Kevin Sigmund

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

He was alone.

He realized that now, as his best warrior lay dead.  His best friend, or  
the closest thing he had to one, the only one that he confided in, laid  
slain by an unknown fighter.  The life of the only one who he could trust  
was gone.  

The Cleavi general Raiman-doa raised his head from his knees and carefully
surveyed his surroundings.  He knew every inch of his sanctuary by heart,  
but he surveyed it anyway.  The ignoration of the opportunity to practice  
would be his invitation to disaster.  And Raiman had placed a notice out  
for disaster's head.

His eyes were able to pick out details even in the total darkness that  
spotted his surroundings.  Trees, unlike those typical of the Clans of the
Goddesses, spread out in all directions like silent monoliths.  They were  
not recognizable to any Cleavian.  Raiman had them placed into his personal
sanctuary from a remote wilderness planet.  Some cold rock, third from it's
sun.

They possessed a strange majesty that appealed to the little peace that  
Raiman had left in him.  They covered over one hundred feet in all   
directions, and the ground was blanketed in a coat of green moss.

A sudden snarl formed on Raiman's lips.  He was a general of the Cleavi, a  
warrior of unparalleled ruthlessness and efficiency.  He was allowing his  
emotions run free, influence his actions.   

Friendship was a thing that he could not have.  He knew that with every  
inch of his heart.  It was the price that he paid, for having somone to  
trust in the first place.  Emotions made him weak, made him make mistakes.
They made him fail.  And never had Raiman failed in his career as a  
messenger for the Lady Tokimi.   

With coldness of heart, Raiman tossed his loss aside.  His warrior was just
that; a warrior, born to live and die in the name of their Lady.  He had  
fulfilled his life's purpose, and his loss would not be without blood  
recompense.   

The small amount of humanity left within Raiman lingered still, ever dying  
with every breath he took.  His expression of fury left his face in that  
instant, returning to his of fathomless, empty expression.  There was no  
point in mourning the dead.  There was work to be done.

Raiman shifted from his sitting position atop a fallen tree to a feral  
crouch, his eyes glittering as he stared into the darkness.  The death of
his warrior was nothing in the scheme of things, but it would certainly  
have unpleasant repercussions in his Lady's court, if nothing else.

His chief rival, Ashito, would not hesitate to take advantage of the  
situation.  Raiman would look like a fool in front of the other generals
and warriors.  They all knew that he was the weakest of them physically.
Any one of them on even rank could kill him in single combat.

Tokimi had tolerated him for a different reason, altogether. And it was for
his sheer ability to destroy without fair play remorse.  The foolish  
concept of honorable battle still permeated the Cleavi clan, one of the few
things that they had in common with the Jurai.

Raiman had no such restraints.  Anything that was his enemy would die, in  
any way possible.  The lack of honor in war, combined with his sheer  
ruthlessness and stunning grasp of tactics, meant that he had never lost a  
battle.  Quite a feat for a relative weakling of the lower Cleavi nobility.

His success had also made him a target of the many factions in the court.
They couldn't touch him without Lady Tokimi's permission, but they didn't  
stop trying to discredit him.  His recent failure would leave him  
vulnerable.  Worse, Ashito would raise the court to laughter at Raimai's  
expense.  They would laugh at him, as many before had.

One of the few emotions that Raiman had left filled him.  Anger. A bloody  
rage tore through him with the speed and power of a lightning bolt.  No one
would ever laugh at him again.  He had made that promise long ago, before  
he had joined the military.  His childhood was not a happy one, even by the
Spartan standards of the Cleavi.   

Rejected by his father as a weakling, his scrawny physical condition made  
him an easy target for those Cleavi children who had given into the desire
of control passed to them by the Lady Tokimi.   

Bullied throughout his childhood and school years, no one once tried to aid
his struggle against those stronger than him.  They beat him into
unconsciousness on more then occasion, and he still had scars from the  
times their "fun" got out of hand.  But the anger that their violence  
aroused was nothing compared to that which came from when they laughed at  
him.  The beatings implied that they felt they needed to dominate the  
quick mind that made them look foolish in class.   

They beat him because, so deep they may not have even recognized it, they  
feared him.  But when they laughed at him, he wanted nothing more then to  
make them suffer behind their mere comprehension.  No one would ever laugh
at him again.

His anger exploded, and Raiman gave into it.

With one smooth motion, Raiman drew his blade Akusui-ken and activated it.   
Its long, dark yellow blade spread an eerie glow throughout the grove.  He  
lunged forward from his crouch toward a cluster of trees over 4 yards away.
He covered the ground to the trees in the time it would take to blink, and  
his sword flashed from side to side, flicking from tree to tree.   

His smooth motions carried him through the grove, all the while his sword  
still in motion, never stopping for a moment.  His actions were precise and
accurate, every motion using the exact minimum amount of energy required,  
while producing the maximum devastation.  He stopped suddenly, almost  
exactly 8 yards from where he started, and turned around to survey his  
success.  The Akusui-ken's dark, sickly yellow light faded away, but  
Raiman's eyes could see the results clearly enough.

It had taken less then 3 seconds from the time his blade activated to the  
unused position it had on his belt now.  The time that passed should have  
made the results impossible.  Long slashes, one for each tree of the seven
trees that he had passed during his attack.  Every slash was positioned  
perfectly, so that had men been there rather than trees, all would be dead.
All in the time it took to have realized that Raimai moved.

His fury vented, Raiman's calm mental cycles continued.  The laughter that  
had given him hate had also given him ambition.  The schoolyard beatings  
had taught him that which made him unstoppable in war.  War has no rules.
The time spent in the archives to avoid the beatings of his "peers" and an  
angry father gifted him with the knowledge of every military campaign in  
his race's turbulent history, and his tactical knowledge that gave him  
victory.  Everything had a price, and Raiman's had been his soul.  Some  
warriors fought for glory, for honor, some even for love.

Love had been a feeling that Raiman had wanted to feel for a long time.  He
didn't believe in it anymore, although he had used to.  He had learned it  
was a fairy tale told in books of old to inspire warriors.

At times, he would give everything that he had accomplished just to see  
true love.  Fortunately, such feelings passed quickly, replaced by the  
proper emptiness of a living machine. 		

Raiman fought for himself.  He triumphed over all with weapons that no one
ever saw beforehand.  The false sword handle that housed a poisoned barbed  
chain.  The neuro-toxin covered dagger in his right sleeve.  The speed and  
precision he had rehearsed occasion after occasion.

None alive knew of the speed and precision that he possessed when he used  
his unique fighting techniques.  He had led his armies on a dozen  
campaigns, and only the dead knew of the killing power he had at his  
disposal.

The warriors of the court judged him by his lack of strength physically and
in energy manipulation, and his merely adequate mastery of the Cleavi  
combat style.  They thought that he was an annoyance.

He let them think so.  All warfare is deception.  The dagger that no one  
sees is the one that would pierce their ribs.  Raiman had the weapons to  
kill them all, and they would never see it coming.  No one would ever laugh
at him again.  And at that time, even Lady Tokimi would fall before his  
secret plans.

He would rule the Cleavi, and through them, the galaxy.  His hands were  
stained with the blood of thousands.  What was a few more to one such as  
him?  Emotions were something that he was no longer qualified to judge.   
For now, he would watch and wait.  He would bear the taunts and mockery of  
the court for now.   

After all, one day, he would be the one laughing, while they died by his  
hands.  He would serve Tokimi with all of his being, and would lead her  
armies.  He would kill the one who had  killed his greatest warrior  
personally.  He smiled as he thought of the carnage to come.  His frigid  
smile, accompanied by empty ice-cold eyes, proclaimed his disdain for all  
life to the total darkness around him.  Darkness that was nothing compared
to the darkness of his heart.  He would succeed.

"General Raiman-doa, sir."  The voice startled him slightly.  He hadn't  
expected anyone to be watching him.

"Yes?"  He breathed deeply.  Part of his head-scarf blocked his face.

"We will be arriving at your requested location soon, sir."

"Hmmm.." The General replied.

"Sir?"  The man questioned.

Raiman smiled.  "Yes?"  

"Should I inform the Lady Washu of your arrival?"  It seemed as if he  
already knew the answer.

"No."  Came Raiman's reply.  "Her treachery shall be repayed *now*."

He was of the Cleavi.  He represented skill, and death.

***

END OF EXTRA BIT

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author's notes:

This is the most original version of Stahlfaust's part I have.  It's
quite a bit longer than the one at the End of Chapter 8, and wordier, but  
I'm pretty sure it's not as long as the first one he sent me.

The editing was mainly to make it fit the details of my story that  
Stahlfaust may not have known about.  It was also changed slightly based on
some proofreaders' suggestions.

Anyway, if you want to give Stahlfaust any props, email me, and  
I'll email him.

See y'all later.

Gitaro.
