Author's notes: Here it is, the final part.  They've boarded the ship
but will they succeed in rescuing Tenchi; and if so, how will they
get out.  Well anyway, see what happens as CV Tenchi Muyo concludes…
P.S Please promise to read it to the end…you'll understand why I said
this later on.  Read to the end and you *will not* regret it.  ^_^


CV Tenchi Muyo!

    As Mihoshi and her officers were on their way out of the large
cargo bay, the others were figuring out a rescue plan.
    "Everyone happy with that?"  Washu asked as the three of them had
done enough planning.  The other two hummed in an agreeing tone.
"Well that's another plan brought to you by the greatest scientific
genius in the…" Ayeka cut her off there.
      "Come on, do you really have to say that every time do
something?"  At this point, they quickly moved to the door, which
opened automatically.  Washu poked her head through the large doorway
to check the corridors.
     "All-clear, let's go."  She said, sounding a little cautious and
they headed out and down the corridor.  It was somewhat dark with
strip lights along the corridor that periodically lit up with a
bright red color.  In sync with the lights, an alarm sound hummed in
the background.  Washu noticed a junction ahead so she looked around
the corner.  Suddenly seeing a group of officers enter view, she put
her back to the wall and signaled the other two with her hand.  The
three watched as the officers ran past.  Washu looked again and
signaled the all clear but just as they started to move there was a
sound of footsteps from behind.
    "Stay where you are!"  A voice from behind called out.  "Turn
round…and keep your hands where I can see them."  They turned to see
half a dozen officers with energy compression rifles.  Yosho then had
a thoughtful look.
    "Hmmm, this is a pretty awkward situation."  Washu pointlessly
commented.

****

    At the Masaki residence, Ryoko was still in a weakened state and
was sitting in the corner in silence.  She was concentrating on
Washu's thoughts and was observing everything that was happening over
there.  Looking over in curiosity, Aeryn seemed a little puzzled.
    "What's she doing over there?"  She asked in a quiet voice.
    "She's mentally linked to Washu, someone who's trying to rescue
Tenchi…she's actually her mother."
    "Oh really…who's the father?"  Aeryn asked instinctively.  Sasami
thought for a second to figure out a way to explain.
    "Well you see…her father left when she was very young."  Sasami
lied, as it seemed more realistic than the truth and because of all
the things she's had to take in, she merely acknowledged it without
question.

****

    Two of the guards approached them and others were still holding
up their rifles.
    "Come quietly and no-one will get hurt."  Said one of the
approaching officers then without warning, Ayeka put her hands
forward and threw one of them back with an energy wave.  Yosho kicked
the rifle out of the other one's hand, caught it and whacked him with
it.  He then dropped the rifle, took his sword and ignited it.
    "Stay where you are!"  One of the remaining officers said in a
futile attempt to stop them.  He made a few quick swings with the
Tenchi-ken but the officers' were apparently unharmed…but then their
rifles suddenly fell apart.  They back stepped a few paces then
simply turned and ran.
    "Okay, lets go!"  Washu ordered, not wasting any time.  She waved
her hand to signal for them to follow.
    "Here we go…again."  Ayeka commented.
    "Don't worry, we'll find Tenchi and be back before you know it."
Yosho replied, reassuringly.  She just sighed.
    "I hope so."  With that said, they moved off with Washu.

Part 4 – Cataclysm

    It had been 20 minutes of navigating through the ship and
avoiding patrols with Mihoshi's help by creating distractions.
    "According to my calculations…" Washu suddenly started as they
discretely walked down one of the many dark corridors.  "Tenchi
should be 2 levels down and…" briefly stopping to think then points
in a direction.  "…About fifty meters in that direction."  She
finished and started to lead them to the nearest elevator.  They made
it to the elevator and got to the appropriate level without
resistance.  The three noticed a large set of doors.
    "Hmmm, Tenchi must be beyond this large room."  Washu commented.
    "Who wants to go first?"  Yosho added.

****

    On to Tenchi where he was sitting, unconscious in a recovery pod
imbedded in the wall.  It was large and round with a glass outer
casing.  It appeared to be full of some kind of liquid but Tenchi had
some form of breathing apparatus over his face.  He then felt the
power levels from his friends.  Then in his barely conscious state,
he started to think to himself.
    <Hey, they're here…> Then something just dawned on him.  <Oh no,
it's a trap!  > He cried out in his mind in a futile attempt to warn
them.

****

    Washu entered a few commands into a panel beside the door.  It
opened and there were apparently dozens of officers standing behind
numerous storage containers, waiting for them.  All had their rifles
fixed on them and one of the officers stepped forward stepped
forward.
    "Give up now."  He ordered.
    "Or what?"  Washu added sarcastically.  In response to this, he
pointed his rifle and fired.  It hit the little scientist throwing
her into the back wall.


   Back onto Tenchi, he was somehow aware of what happened.  <Oh no,
one of them is hurt!  >"


    "Washu!!"  Ayeka exclaimed in response and ran over to her.  "Are
you okay?"  She asked.
    "Yeah, I'm fine…I think."  Washu said in a weakened voice.  Both
Ayeka and Yosho shared a look of contempt.
    "I'll give you one more chance to give up or you two will be just
like her."  The officer spoke up again.  The two Jurians looked at
each other as if to share the same thought.  Ayeka ran off to the
left, Yosho ran off to the right and both dodged a shower of energy
pulses until reaching shelter in the form of storage containers.
Yosho ran along the right-hand side, sliding from side to side,
dodging energy blasts.  He leg swept one of them of his feet and
punches gun from another.  Ayeka then powered up and charged straight
at them.  She deflected the shots and even caught a few and fired
them back, knocking two of them down.  Yosho kicked down the last one
where he was before running behind a container, taking shelter from a
shower of weapons fire.  Ayeka used her energy field to force back
the still numerous officers.  Yosho approached a group of about five
and systematically decked them using various punches and kicks.
Finally, Ayeka decked one then blasted the last one from several feet
away…then there was silence.
    After several seconds of silence,  "We did it."  Ayeka said to
herself, almost in disbelief.
    "I guess you're right."  Yosho added in response.  Within the
silence, footsteps were heard.
    "I don't think you should start to celebration quite yet."
Sounded a sinister voice from behind.


    Tenchi was aware of this new development.
    <Oh no it's him…stay away from him, you'll be killed!  >  He
tried again but it was still pointless.  <I can't help them until
I've recovered…I just don't think they can last that long…> He
grimaced at the thought.  <Damn it, if only I could help them now.  >


    They both slowly turn round to see none other than the evil
coalition leader himself, Hadess.  He towered above him at 6 and-a-
half feet tall.
    "Well, well…you must be friends of that Jurian prince.  Someone
so weak doesn't have the right to be called a prince…" Cut off by
Ayeka.
    "Hey shut up!  I demand you tell me what you've done to Lord
Tenchi right now."  He just laughed to himself.
    "Oh, so he's a lord now."  He remarks sarcastically.
    "Hey!"  Ayeka yelled.  She attempted to advance towards him but
Yosho held her back by putting his hand in her shoulder.  She turned
to see Yosho shaking his head.

****

    Ryoko started to feel troubled when she sensed Hadess' energy
level through Washu.  Sasami noticed this.
    "Ryoko, what's going on…has something happened."  She asked
sounding concerned.
    "Quiet."  Ryoko quickly responded in a harsh but lowered voice.
Sasami stood up and headed for the door.  After a few steps, she
turned to Aeryn.
    "Coming?"  Aeryn nodded and followed her.  "I can show you around
if you want."  Sasami offered.
    "Yeah, I would like that."  They both left the house, leaving
Ryoko to observe what's going on at the Equinox.  Though, since it's
pretty far away, there's a small delay in receiving the information.
Then since the signal isn't as strong, she needs to concentrate a lot
more.

****

    There was still a tense stalemate between the two Jurians and the
evil Goth.  After several seconds of tense silence, Hadess spoke up.
    "Let's just cut to the chase here."  Just wanting to get to the
point.  "You can have Tenchi back…but on one condition."
    "What's that?"  Yosho asked, with obvious distrust in his voice.
    "To get Tenchi back, all you have to do is get past me."  Making
it sound simple but it's far from the truth and he knows it.  "Just
take your best shot."  He added with a hint of sarcasm.  The two
looked at each other then they both charged at him.  Yosho activated
his sword and swung while Ayeka put everything she had into a volley
of energy attacks.  Hadess simply parried Yosho's attack causing him
to stumble past.  He then quickly blocked and deflected all the
blasts with just his right hand.  The ones that flew past exploded
behind him and a few of the containers were blown apart.  Ayeka and
Yosho stopped in unison and both had a look of bewilderment.
    "But…how?"  Ayeka hesitantly asked.
    "I was about to ask the same thing."  Yosho added.  Then in an
act of desperation, Yosho charged at him again, throwing a volley of
punches followed by a volley of kicks.  All his attacks were blocked
without any trouble.  Hadess proceeded to knee him and put both fists
together then pummels him into the ground.  Before Ayeka could
attack, Hadess himself was already about to.  He fired a single
powerful blast that exploded on impact that threw her back and she
smashed into a wall a wall several meters away.  She collapsed to the
ground with a thud.  Just after, Yosho was already making his way to
his feet.
    "Things seem pretty bleak for you right now, don't they?"  The
evil leader asked with amusement in his voice.  "She's not in a
condition to fight right now…her over there (pointing to Washu)
didn't even get to me without being eliminated.  So there's only you
left…not to mention that you're a lot weaker now…" cut off by Yosho.
    "That's what you think?"  Yosho insisted and sounded fairly calm.
    "Well my opposition is on the brink of defeat and I haven't even
warmed up yet."
    "If you really want a fight, lets go…I have a lot more fight in
me than you think.  Besides if you finish me off, there's still
Tenchi for you to contend with."
    "Since it took you so long for to get here, you should know that
Tenchi will finish recovering any minute now.  So, I'm willing to
fight you and that sorry excuse for a prince at the same time…that is
if he even wants to.  In our previous engagement, he had no…" cut off
again.
    "You really do like the sound of your own voice don't you?"
Yosho remarked aggressively.  Hadess murmured to himself.  "Why don't
we just do away with the delays and get it over with right here.
Then of course I fight better alone."  Yosho stated boldly.
    "I don't understand…you've seen my power.  So why do you want to
fight me yourself."  Hadess asked, as he had no clue.
    "They two are unconscious so I feel I can now fight you in my
true form."
    "What do you mean by that?"
    "Come now…you don't really believe that I'm really an old man do
you."  Yosho said, gaining a little confidence…but more to draw it
out to give Tenchi time to finish recovering.
    "Okay, you have my attention…now let me see your true form so we
can get this on the road."  He commented so he can get to the
fighting.  Yosho closed his eyes and concentrated.  An aura of light
surrounded him and he started to transform.  Once the light
dissipated, Yosho was standing with his true form.  "Well, since you
aren't actually an old man like you appeared, this could actually
present bit more of a challenge this time."
    "I agree."  Yosho added with his obviously younger voice.
    "Well, I said a little more of a challenge…which according to
your previous performance, doesn't really say much for you."
    "I know, why don't you put your money where your mouth is and
just bring it…"Yosho remarked, starting to sound a little impatient.
"And by the way, you said a 'bit' more of a challenge, not a
'little'."
    "Bold words for someone who should know that they have no chance
in winning."  Hadess returned.  Yosho started thinking.
    <Seems like he's right, I don't stand much of a chance but I
can't get in the way when Tenchi fights him.  I just hope he's strong
enough when he recovers.  Then I should simply aim to weaken him as
much as possible.  >
    "I'm ready when you are…" The Goth started.  "Or if you've
realized that there's no point…" Cut off again.
    "I'm ready…don't bother thinking you can make excuses to back
down from a fight."  Yosho commented with the intention to provoke
him.
    "That does it, put up or shut up…no forget about that.  How about
I just destroy you."
    "We'll see about that."  Replied Yosho.


    Tenchi suddenly felt a power increase.
    <Huh, I've never sensed that kind of…wait a second.  >  He
suddenly remembered feeling that power before.  It was when he was
training with Yosho.  They were sparring and when Tenchi went all
out, he briefly noticed an energy spike from Yosho…this indicated an
amount of hidden power.  <I just hope that extra power can help him
survive until I can do something.  Come on, what's taking this thing
anyway…I've been in here for hours now."  >


    Yosho had powered up to his peak energy level and was as ready as
he'll ever be.
    "Hmm, you're more powerful than I though…perhaps when I fight you
this time, I might actually break a sweat."  Hadess commented but it
looked like Yosho had enough.
    "That does it, I can't stand your voice anymore."  Yosho said,
starting to sound annoyed.  He then concentrated his energy and
charged at him.  He let out a cry and swung his fist, striking him
square in the face, making him stumble back.  Once he regained his
bearings, Yosho quickly ignited his sword.  He was immediately on the
offensive again, swinging his sword and Hadess found himself slowly
back stepping while blocking and dodging with difficulty.  It looked
like Yosho was gaining the upper hand but without warning the sword
swung to the side.  The Goth saw this and punched him to the ground
using the defensive gap that opened up.
    "I didn't think you would make such a blatant mistake…I have to
admit before that, you put up a pretty good fight.  It's a pleasant
change to fight someone who actually knows how.  I'll let you get to
your feet and even start off the fight again.  That's if you're ready
for round two."  Hadess said.  Yosho got to his feet, took off his
glasses and threw them over to where Ayeka was laying.  He then went
back into a fighting stance.
    "Yeah, I'm ready for another round…lets do it."  Responded Yosho
eagerly.
    "Go ahead."  Inviting Yosho to go first.
    "Alright then…" He responded and went on the attack.  He swung
the sword but it suddenly moved to avoid him and he just slid right
past.  Hadess then struck him from behind, causing him to fall to his
knees.
    <Oh no, it must be the sword.  >  Yosho, thought with a feeling
of realization.  He deactivated the sword, threw it to the ground and
was on his feet again.  "Lets try that again, I promise it will last
longer this time."  Yosho added and got ready to continue.

****

    Aeryn and Sasami were walking and taking in the scenery.  They
took a walk because there was nothing else to do.
    "I'm just wondering, what exactly did you do with Tenchi when you
were with him."  Sasami asked.
    "Huh, emm."  Not sure how to answer.
    "Don't worry, I'm just curious how you and Tenchi met and the
things you did together."  Sasami added with reassurance.
    "Okay…it all started when I was waiting for someone but he didn't
show up.  I first thought he was just running late so I waited a
while longer.  After two hours of desperately waiting, it was obvious
that he wouldn't appear."
    "Aww, I'm sorry."  Sasami added.
    "It's okay.  Well anyway, I wondered around and saw Tenchi
standing there lost and confused.  I decided to help him out and
since there was no longer anything for me to do.  I spent the rest of
the day showing him around."  Aeryn explained.
    "There's more to it than you're letting on isn't there?"  Sasami
asked.
    "Emm, maybe we should go back to the house now."  She said,
attempting to change the subject.  Sasami decided to let it pass and
they both headed back.

****

    The two fighters were at it, fiercely exchanging blow after blow.
Hadess managed to gain the upper hand and with two powerful blows,
Yosho was down again.  He then laughed to himself.
    "I have to admit…you're a lot more powerful than anyone else that
I've fought for a while.  But that doesn't change the fact I'm going
to have to destroy you now."

    <Oh no, I'm going to have to get out of here.  I don't have any
time left…> before he could continue, there was a beeping coming from
the control panel.  A red light was flashing then lit up blue and the
beeping stopped.  <I'm healed! >  Thought Tenchi in sudden
realization and removed his breathing apparatus.  He put both hands
on the glass and with a burst of energy; the casing was completely
blown apart.  He then slowly stepped out of what was left of the
recovery pod.
    "Hey, I don't know why but I feel a lot stronger than I used to
be."  He said to himself with enthusiasm but his expression quickly
turned serious.


    "Any last requests?"  Hadess asked with slight amusement.  Yosho
powered up again.
    "It's not over yet!"  He yelled and charged at him again.  Just
before he got to him, there was a bright flash and a deafening
explosion.  There was a massive hole in the wall and a dense cloud of
smoke and debris.  They both stared intently as the smoke slowly
cleared.  It eventually cleared to reveal Tenchi.  Hadess saw him and
laughed to himself.
    "I'm sorry but you're going to have to wait your turn."  He said
and aimed his left hand at Tenchi.  Suddenly an energy field
surrounded the prince.  Tenchi tried to get out but it was futile.
"Once I'm finished with him, it will be your turn."  Then without
warning, Yosho used this to attack from behind.  Hadess then turned
and both started to throw punches at high speed.  He managed to gain
the upper hand again when he managed to kick Yosho back a few meters.
With the extra breathing room, he powered up an energy attack and
fired with both hands.  Yosho just barely jumped out of the way and
the blast exploded violently behind him.  He attempted to go on the
offensive again but Hadess then started firing numerous blasts.
Yosho quickly dodged them but one hit…then another.  Tenchi could
only grimace at this.  The onslaught continued and when Yosho was hit
for a third time, he collapsed to the ground and reverted back to his
'old' form again.
    "No!"  Tenchi yelled as his grandfather slowly collapsed and fell
to the ground.  Hadess walked up to Yosho and grabbed him by the
collar, pulling him to his knees.
    "Well I guess your time is over."  He said sadistically and threw
him back to the ground with a loud thud.  "I can only hope that he
will provide more of a challenge after what we did."
    "What do you mean by 'what you did'?"  Tenchi asked.
    "You somehow have the ability to generate light hawk wings
without the help of Tsunami…it appeared to be surprisingly difficult
to access that ability for some reason.  Because of this, we have
used certain things to bring it closer to the surface so to speak"
Hadess explained.
    <Ah, so that explains what I felt.  >  Tenchi thought aloud.
    "Back to the matter at hand…" the Goth started.  "Back to the
point where I kill you."  His voice quickly turning aggressive and
Tenchi started to scan the room.  His eyes first went onto Washu, who
was lying against the back wall.
    <Oh no, little Washu…if only you didn't come out here in this
hopeless attempt to save me. >  He thought to himself and his eyes
continued to scan the room and then finally, saw Ayeka.
    <Oh man…  > He started, beginning to feel a mixture of strong
emotions.  <We lived in the same home for years but I never really
got to know you that well.  But it looks like I may not be able
to…dammit!  >  Feeling desperate.  His eyes then went back to Yosho
and all sound seemed like it was muted and distant as Hadess aimed
his hand and fired.  It was like all his emotions and senses over
powered him and suddenly nothing.

****

    Tenchi suddenly came to in his bedroom.  He couldn't help but
feel completely relieved that it appeared to have just been a dream.
All those thoughts came over him again echoing through his mind.
    "I can make a change…this has given me an appreciation for this
household again.  But what about Aeryn…was she just a figment of my
imagine?"  He asked to himself.
    "He started to feel at peace again and went downstairs.  When he
reached the bottom of the stairs, he noticed Ayeka standing there.
The images and the feelings came over him again then he just went up
and put his arms around her.  She was initially surprised but
accepted as it was and returned the hug.  He released her then put
his hands on her shoulders at arm length.  Ayeka still had a vague
look of confusion on her face.
    "Emm, what's this about?"  Ayeka hesitantly asked.
    "I just want to properly get to know you…because after all this
time I still haven't."  Tenchi said simply.  Ryoko approached from
the right and Tenchi put his hands back down.  For some reason, he
didn't feel that inevitable sense of doom that comes in a situation
like this.
    "Hey Tenchi, I see you're finally up."  Ryoko commented.
    "Yeah…" Was all Tenchi could say.  He then found him self
overpowered with an image.  All he heard was his own loud heartbeat
and saw the horrifying scene of Hadess firing an energy blast at his
Grandfather.
    "Tenchi…" He heard in the distance…then the calling became
closer.  Ryoko placed her hand on his shoulder and was startled to
find himself back in the house again.  "Tenchi, are you okay?"  Ryoko
asked with a sound of concern.
    "Oh, it's just that I had a pretty unpleasant dream and I don't
seem to have gotten over it yet."  Tenchi tried to explain.
    "What was it about?"  Ryoko added.
    "It all started when I went away somewhere but I was captured.
You all came to save me things got pretty bad."
    "So what happened?"  Ryoko insisted.
    "Why do you want to know?"
    "I don't know…I just want to hear it, that's all."  She said.
    "Okay then…I saw you were all hurt but I was powerless to do
anything…it was all the work of someone called Hadess." Washu emerged
from her lab.  "Oh, hey little Washu."  He said as soon as he noticed
the little scientist.  Unlike the first two girls, she seemed to have
a dark look in her face.  The worst thing was that it appeared to be
aimed at Tenchi himself.  On top of that, the light from outside
diminished and a rumble of thunder was heard in the distance.  For
some reason, everything started feeling dark and eerie and when the
emotions seemed to just drain from Ryoko and Ayeka…not to mention the
color from their face, Tenchi started to feel scared and confused.
"What's going on?"
    "You know what's going on…don't act like you don't know."  Washu
responded in a dark voice.  Tenchi suddenly gasped in realization
with a brief flash of those unpleasant images again.
    "You, you mean…" Tenchi desperately tried.
    "You abandoned us…" Ayeka cut him off.  "We depended on you but
you just abandoned us there."
    "Huh, what do you mean?!"  Sounding confused.
    "Yeah, why did you do it?!"  Ryoko added.  Tenchi started to back
off away from them.  "You could have helped us but you just stood
there and did nothing."
    "I hope you're happy!"  Exclaimed…someone.  Because of the
confusion, Tenchi just didn't know.  A much louder burst of thunder
sounded and seemed to shake the whole building.
    "We needed you!"  The verbal attacks continued.
    "You abandoned us!"
    "But I didn't mean to."  Tenchi pleaded in a desperate attempt to
end this…but they didn't even notice him trying to speak and
continued.  The shouting and accusations started to get louder and
louder.  He put his hands over his ears to try to shut it out.  It
didn't make a difference with the same things echoing through his
mind and he grimaced intently.  "No!!!"  He screamed out as he became
overwhelmed with fear and helplessness, but over it, he heard another
voice that sounded like his own.  <Don't let it happen…you make a
difference.  You can save them.  >    After hearing that, his fear
turned into a form of desperate determination and anger.  The voices
became loud again and he growled to himself then he raised his head
again.


    "Enough!!"  He cried out at the top of his voice and looked to
find himself on the Equinox again.  "I won't let you…get away with
this!"  Tenchi shouted out and his voice was distorted with rage and
growled in anger.  "I can't...let this happen!"  Hadess turned in
surprise at the massive energy spike. There was electrical energy
arcing all around the room.  An aura of light surrounded him and it
just got brighter and brighter.  Soon Hadess couldn't look at him.
The light practically engulfed the room then dimmed down again…then
it was gone.  Hadess and Yosho looked over at Tenchi where they saw
him with a red aura around him as well as the light hawk wings.
Hadess was shocked and surprised at this.
    "So they must be the legendary light hawk wings."  He said slowly
and hesitantly.  Tenchi slowly moved his hand forward until it was
less than an inch from the energy field.  He concentrated for a few
seconds and the field just collapsed.  He then walked over to Yosho
and helped him up.
    "Grandpa, I need you to do something for me."  Tenchi said
seriously.
    "What is it?"
    "I need you to get the other two to safety…when the fighting
begins, I want you all to be away from here so at least I know you
won't get hurt."  He explained.
    "But what about…" cut off.
    "Just do it."  Tenchi returned.  Yosho slowly went over to Ayeka
but feeling impatient, Hadess aimed his hand at him and was about to
fire.  Tenchi saw this and suddenly phased in front of him with his
arms stretched out to the sides.
    "But…how?"  Hadess asked in surprise at his speed.
    "I will not allow you to hurt them…they will leave and you *will*
let them."  Tenchi demanded.
    "Fine, have it your way…they can go."  Responded the Goth with
irritation in his voice.  Hadess and Tenchi watched in unison as
Yosho helped up Ayeka and Washu and lead them outside.  The large
door opened and when they left and the door closed again, the two
fighters immediate turned to face each other.
    "Okay, now that they're gone, let's say we get started."  Hadess
said calmly.
    "Fine by me."  Tenchi replied in more or less the same tone.

****

    The other three were hastily making their way down the poorly lit
corridor and Ayeka suddenly stopped.  The other two stopped and
turned round.
    "Why have you stopped?"  Yosho asked.
    "I just want to know why we're leaving instead of staying back
there and helping Tenchi."  She pointed out.
    "To be honest, it just looks like we would get in the way.  It's
like they're in a league of their own so our intervention would
barely make a difference…even in the best case scenario."  He
explained and the princess appeared to be thinking about it.  At
first, she didn't want to accept it but a moment later she sighed and
conceded.
    "I guess you're right…I mean I couldn't even get my hands on him
let alone make any real difference."  She admitted and continued
moving along with the others.


    There was a tense standoff between the two fighters as they both
waited for the other to make the first move.
    "How about this…" Hadess started, indicating a way out of this.
    "I'm listening."  Tenchi said simply.
    "How about I count to three and when I say 'go' we both attack."
He suggested.
    "That sounds reasonable."  Tenchi replied, sounding perfectly
calm.
    "One."  Tenchi placed his hands forward.  "Two".  The wings
passed through him, becoming part of him.  "Three."  He clenched his
hands into fists, put his arms down and received a massive surge of
energy.  His clothes shimmered like in a strong wind.  "Go…" They
both charged in as fast as they could, swung their right fists, which
collided, releasing a tremendous amount of energy.  It went onto
heavy-handed punched and blocks then Hadess managed to gain the upper
hand.  He then swung his fist that struck Tenchi with incredible
force and knocked him flying back, smashing into a large crate.
   "Damn, he's too good…there's just no margin for error around this
guy."  Tenchi thought aloud.  He got up and went on the offensive
again.

****

    The two girls and Yosho were quickly making their way down the
corridor, trying to find a means of escape.  They went round a corner
but several officers were at the end of the corridor.  The officers
fired as soon as they emerged and the three of them quickly took the
shelter of the corner.  There were several shots that hit the walls
near where the three were standing.  The shots were still heard but
none were aimed in their direction.  Washu looked round the corner
and saw the officers pointing and firing at another direction.  She
watched, as they were systematically shot by someone else.  Moments
later, other people emerged from the other end of the corridor and
Washu aimed her right hand forward.  She was about to blast them but
noticed that Mihoshi was with them.
    "Hey Mihoshi!"  Washu called out as she walked towards her, the
other two following behind.

****

    Tenchi managed to distance himself from his adversary.  He leaped
at him and using both hands, he forcefully pushed him, causing him to
fly back and crash into the wall then to the ground.  The Goth got up
and calmly walked up to Tenchi.
    "Okay, time for round two."  Hadess said and backed off to an
appropriate starting position.  He jumped towards Tenchi and swung
his foot but he managed to block it.  Tenchi countered with a punch
but Hadess managed to parry him, making him slide past.  They both
faced each other then locked their arms into grapple hold.  It was a
deadlock as both fighters struggled to gain the upper hand.  For some
reason Hadess started to laugh to himself.
    "What's so amusing?"  Tenchi asked, with tension in his voice.
    "I'm just impressed with your powers…I really look forward to
unlocking that secret.  If I managed to add this power to my own, can
you imagine how powerful I would become?"  That thought went through
Tenchi's mind and he was put off slightly because of it.  It also
caused him to loose his guard and Hadess got the upper hand.  He
kicked Tenchi back and slid a few meters along the ground.

****

    Yosho, Ayeka and Washu along with Mihoshi and her crew were
running in the direction of the main shuttle bay.  Mihoshi and her
four remaining crewmembers stopped and the other three stopped to
find out why.
    "Why are you stopping?"  Washu asked.  Mihoshi got ready to
explain.
    "Well, once they know where you are, they'll send who knows how
many people down here…so we decided to hold them off."  She said.
    "Hmm, that's uncharacteristically brave of you."  Washu
commented.
    "But what about you?"  Ayeka asked.
    "Forget about us, just worry about getting to safety."  Mihoshi
added with reassurance.  After hesitation, the three continued as the
others took positions and got ready.

****

    Both were still at it, repeatedly giving and receiving strikes
with fists and feet.  A loud explosion was heard nearby and the room
shook from it.  This distracted Tenchi for a moment and Hadess took
the opportunity.  With one powerful strike, the Jurian prince was
brought to the ground with a crash.
    "When you keep lowering your guard like that, it makes the fight
too easy."  Hadess pointed out.  "Or maybe that's all you got."  He
started laughing.  Tenchi growled to himself and got himself up.  He
powered up again but Hadess wasn't paying attention.  Then without
warning, Tenchi charged and threw his fist.  The Goth was caught
completely off guard and Tenchi's attack struck him square in the
face.  This was followed by a swift kick across his chest causing
Hadess to nearly loose his balance.  Tenchi then back-flipped to get
some breathing room.  He charged up and cried out as he fired an
energy blast.  It exploded and caused him to collapse.  Tenchi just
stood there, watching and was completely out of breath.  After a few
seconds of silence, a thought occurred to him.
    "Oh yeah, I think I've done it."  He thought aloud then realized
something else.  "I better get out of here before this place blows."

****

    Ayeka, Yosho and Washu entered the shuttle bay and an alarm
sounded.  Washu checked a panel on the wall.
    "There we go, security have been alerted to our presence here…it
won't be long before a swarm of them get here."  She said and started
running towards one of the shuttlecrafts that were there, the other
two followed.  When they got to it, Washu found a control panel near
the shuttle and activated it.
    "What are you doing?"  Yosho asked.
    "I'm trying to access the transporter system.  If I access that
system, I should be able transport us aboard."  She explained and
continued working but without warning Ryo-ohki climbed out of her
hiding place in Washu's shirt then ran for the door.
    "What the…" Washu let out.
    "Ryo-ohki, where are you going?"  Ayeka tried and the cabbit just
miya'd before she disappeared past the door.  Washu realized
something
    "Damn, I think she's after Tenchi."

****

    Tenchi heard the alarm sound and decided to check a control panel
that he noticed.  He noticed a visual layout of the ship.  There was
a red flashing dot indicating a location somewhere near the back of
the ship.  He was then on his way to that location.  Hadess lay there
lifeless as Tenchi left but after the doors opened then closed, his
eyes shot open again.  Tenchi looked from side to side and when he
saw it was clear, started on his way to find the others.  He then
heard a crashing sound in the wall of the room he was in.  The same
crashing sound was heard again.
    "What the hell?"  Tenchi let out then suddenly, his former
nemesis smashed through the wall, grabbed him and rammed him against
the other wall.  Before the prince could even hit the ground, the
Goth grabbed him again and threw him along the corridor.  Tenchi hit
the landed with a thud and slid along the ground.
    "Surely you didn't think you could defeat me with a pathetic
cheap-shot like that did you."  Hadess said angrily.
    "Oh man, I put practically everything I had into that attack."
Tenchi thought aloud as he struggled to get up and his nemesis walked
over to him.
    "Well, it was fun but I'm going to have to finish you off now."
Hadess commented as he towered over the defenseless prince.  He
pulled his fist back, powered up and launched it at Tenchi.  But just
before it reached him, he glowed and disappeared with a flash so the
Goth's fist merely passed through thin air and smashed into the
ground.  He growled to himself in fury.  "Where did he go?"  He asked
to himself angrily.  "I've got other things to worry about anyway.  I
can deal with him anytime…just not now."  He reasoned.

****

    Security forces were almost at the shuttle bay and Mihoshi along
with her remaining crew heard them coming.  They readied them selves
as they were about to come swarming through any second.
    "Okay here they come…you all know what to do."  Mihoshi told the
others.


    Washu was still working on the control panel.  Then finally, she
succeeded.
    "I got it."  She said as she got it to work and entered a few
more commands and the three of them were transported aboard.  Washu
went straight for the navigation controls and activated the launch
sequence.  The main doors opened and the shuttle started to move.

****

    Hadess found a control panel in the corridor and accessed it.  It
indicated an unauthorized shuttle launch.
    "Computer, initiate a site-to-site transport."  The Goth said and
entered the coordinates of the bridge.  He was transported straight
to the bridge, which was deserted and he went to the weapons console.
The shuttlecraft cleared the bay then turned to the direction of
earth and started to accelerate.  Hadess saw it on the targeting
scanners and activated the energy weapons.


    Washu saw this and looked distressed.
    "What is it?"  Yosho asked.
    "They're charging weapons…that ship is going to fire any time
now.  There is just no way we can survive in a fire fight
against…that."  She explained with a sense of hopelessness.  The
Equinox fired a few initial shots, a few hit but a most o them
missed.  The room shook with each impact and Washu looked at the
screen.
    "I've been trying to avoid these shots but we cannot survive
another attack like that."


    The Goth stood there looking at the viewscreen with a sadistic
grin on his face.  He armed the torpedoes, locked into the ship and
fired.  Three torpedoes were fired and they were heading straight for
the defenseless shuttle.


    Washu looked at this in shock.
    "Oh no!  Three torpedoes were fired and there's no way I can
avoid them!"  She said in desperation.  She watched her screen, as
three red dots rapidly got closer to a green one.  "For all it's
worth, we better brace for impact…huh?"  Washu let out as she saw
Yosho then Ayeka disappear in a flash.  "What the…" This was all she
could say before she disappeared as well.  The first torpedo hit,
knocking the shuttle out of control.  The second tore right through
the ship and the third completely blew the ship apart.


    Hadess looked at this and laughed to himself in triumph.
    "Well, well, looks like I've won."  He said but a computer voice
sounded.
    "Warning, internal sensors have detected an instability in one of
the plasma manifolds."  The computer voice announced.  He turned to
the console behind him.  "Lets see if I can stabilize it.  Doesn't
look like I can."  He commented to himself.
    "According to the rate of deterioration, the manifold will become
unstable in approximately two hours."  The computer said.
    "What will happen then?"  He asked.
    "The manifold will explode causing massive damage throughout the
ship."  He went back to the weapons console where he noticed another
ship.  It was the Ryo-ohki.


    The cabbit ship sped away from the dreadnought, as she was about
to jump to hyperspace.  On board, Washu materialized and noticed
Yosho, Ayeka, none other than Tenchi himself.  She looked at this in
surprise.  Ayeka has put her arms around him in relief that they
finally got him back, not to mention the fact he was still alive.
Tenchi proudly sat himself in the command chair and looked towards
the viewscreen.
    "Set a course for earth and engage hyperspace…now."  Tenchi
ordered and the cabbit ship then jumped to hyperspace.


    "Hmm, they think they can get away do they."  Hadess thought
aloud.  "Is the slipstream drive still online?"  He asked.
    "Affirmative."  The computer responded and he walked over to the
helm and laid in a pursuit course.  The Equinox moved off and jumped
to hyperspace as well.

****

    About one hour and fifty minutes later, Ryo-ohki jumped from
hyperspace with Earth in clear view.  Everyone took a step forward as
the planet entered view.  It just felt good for everyone that they
were finally back home.  A beeping sound started and Washu took a
look.
    "Wait a second, something else is coming out of hyperspace."
Washu said with suspicion in her voice.  Suddenly, the huge warship
jumped from hyperspace almost right on top of them.  "Oh my god!"
Washu let out in terror when she saw it.


    Hadess looked upon the cabbit ship with an almost psychotic laugh
and ran over to the weapons console.  The ship started firing as Ryo-
ohki started towards Earth.  The computer voice onboard the equinox
sounded again.
    "The manifold will become unstable in less than two minutes…"
This was all Hadess heard before he ran for the lift
    "Oh, time to go." He said to himself as he entered the lift and
the doors closed behind him.


    "Huh?  Why did they stop firing?"  Washu asked herself.  "Ryo-
ohki, all stop."  She added because Ryo-ohki was pushing herself in
order to keep moving but it didn't appear to be necessary at that
point.  So they were at a standstill, not far from the Equinox.
    "Yeah, I would like to know what's going on there myself."
Tenchi added.  Washu scanned the ship using one of the crystals as an
interface.  She noticed there wasn't anyone on the bridge.
    "We could check the bridge and see what's going on there.  I
don't detect anyone there and it looks safe to transport."  Washu
suggested and Yosho stepped forward.
    "Okay then, me and Tenchi will go over."  Yosho added.

****

    The two appeared on the Equinox Bridge and they both looked
around.
    "Tenchi, I need to say something.  It's the reason I suggested
for us to go" Yosho started.
    "What is it?"  Tenchi responded.
    "I know you saw me in my younger form."
    "Now that you mention it, yeah I noticed." Tenchi commented.
    "I need you to promise something for me."  Yosho said.  "The
others don't know about this and I need you not to tell them."
    "Fine, I won't tell."  Tenchi answered.
    "Promise?"  He insisted.
    "Yes I promise…you can trust me."  With that over, they continued
searching the room.  Yosho went to the back where he saw a display of
the unstable manifold.
    "Warning, the plasma manifold will become unstable in 25
seconds."  The computer said.  Tenchi quickly found the
communications console and looked at the controls.  He eventually
figured out what to press and opened a channel to Ryo-ohki.
    "Washu get us outta here, this place is gonna blow!"  Tenchi
called out with urgency in his voice.  They were both promptly
transported back and the cabbit ship was again speeding towards
earth…or more to the point, away from the Equinox.  Then as the ship
hastily retreated, there was an explosion onboard the dreadnought.
This explosion caused a large shockwave that went straight for them.
Everyone desperately tried to secure themselves against something
before the wave hit.  The ship started to shake violently then
everything seemed to blank out.

****

    Tenchi awoke to find himself lying in the field.
    "Huh, was that all a dream or something?"  The thought aloud
before he realized the pain he was in.  "Nope, I don't think so."  He
then saw the other three as well as Ryo-ohki lying there, just coming
to.
    "I guess Ryo-ohki must have transported us to the surface in the
last second."  Tenchi guessed.  Feeling slightly disoriented and
hurting from all the fighting, they all made their way towards the
house.  Sasami and Aeryn were in the sitting room and Ryoko was in
Washu's lab asleep because of her weakened state.  The two girls
heard the others outside and headed for the door.
    "Hey, you're back!"  Sasami said, as she was pleased to see them
and put her arms around her sister.  Ryoko was woken by what was
going on outside the lab.  She got up and went out.  She saw the
others and finally noticed Tenchi.  Mentally, she was overwhelmed
with relief that he was back but since she was still groggy, she just
smiled.
    "Welcome back Tenchi."  She said and hugged him.  He was in fact
happy to see her again so he returned the hug.  "I'm sorry for all
the trouble I caused during the past few days…" He cut her off.
    "Don't worry about it…I'm just happy to be home."  Tenchi said
simply.  It just seemed so good to be home, everything to be back to
normal again…not to mention that Ryoko and Ayeka were peaceful again.
Although hurting from the fight, he believed that it was one of those
happy days to remember.  Not the 'fighting for their lives' part but
the part when everyone in the household was happy at the same time.
This was a big thing because basically, it doesn't really happen very
often.  Though this was interrupted when a dark feeling came over
him.  Ryoko noticed this and let go.
    "What is it Tenchi?" She asked.
    "He's still out there."
    "What are you talking about?" She insisted.
    "I sensed him…he's still alive." Tenchi continued.
    "But the ship was destroyed.  You saw it yourself."  Washu added
but it wasn't enough to convince him.
    "It was damaged, not destroyed.  I think he survived and that
means," he hesitated for a moment.
    "Means what?" Ryoko added.
    "It means he'll be back some day…and we won't have a chance!"
    "But don't you have you have your light hawk wings back?" Yosho
cut in.
    "You don't understand. He was still stronger than me…a lot
stronger.  Not only that, I don't think he was even using his full
power," Tenchi explained.  The house was completely silent while
everyone was trying to comprehend this.


    Ryo-ohki took Aeryn back to New York, Ryoko made a full recovery
and Washu started on some new inventions.  The thing that happened
with Washu is still a mystery and no one knows what happened to
Mihoshi and her crew.  The Alliance dispatched a few ships to deal
with the wreckage.  As a show of good will, the Jurians provided
resources to help them rebuild their fleet.


Author's Notes:  Well, that was the pilot episode of my fiction
series...I hope you read the series as I continue to write it.
Expect the first episodes fairly soon…

Just as an additional note:  I'm pretty sure that a lot of the people
who read this have assumed that Aeryn will get Tenchi in the
future…and may even be put off reading further simply for that
reason.  In light of this I should make it official right now that
she doesn't get him…though she does make the occasional 'guest
appearance' over the course of the series.

