Author's notes:  Hey, this is SSJ Tenchi or you can call me Damien.
This is my first fic so no flaming please.  (Other than that, please
give me some feedback as this will give me means to improve and
become a better writer.)  Well I have made a few rewrites to improve
it…so I hope you enjoy the final version of the story.
Disclaimer:  Oh yeah, all Tenchi characters are property AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  The writing belongs to me.  Anyway, hope you enjoy the
fic.  ^_^


Prologue

    This fan fiction is based 3 years after the events of OAV 2 and
Sasami is now 11 years old.  (According to my story, the ages are
slightly different.)  As well as this, Tenchi and Ayeka are 19 and
Ryoko's physical age is 18.  I think I should say that for Ayeka and
Sasami, their real age is *the same* as their physical age because
they were basically in stasis for 700 years, which shouldn't count.
So, you people out there *stop* saying that Sasami's wise because of
how old she is since she hasn't 'lived' all those years.  (I mean if
she really did live those years then why hasn't she grown up yet.)
Think of this…you're 20 years old and you go into stasis for 80
years…would you say that you're 100 years old or would you just
continue to say that you're 20?

    A change in the Galaxy Police's leadership led to further changes
within the organization.  The force expanded its military presence
significantly while maintaining the original police units to act as
internal security.  After about three years of rebuilding, and after
incorporating several minor powers, this new entity named itself the
Confederate Alliance.  While some prospered from the expansion, there
were others who saw it differently.  The Jurians disliked it from the
very beginning because the new leaders were arrogant and their
territorial expansion caused their boarders to become too close for
comfort.

    About two years ago on the Orion Colony, well outside Alliance
territory, a coalition was established.  This organization was
apparently based on ambition and greed for power.  Although small in
size, the new force began to grow exponentially and acquired support
from throughout the colony.  Unfortunately, the Confederate Alliance
has been kept completely in the dark about all this.  The leader of
the coalition was rumored to be a Goth called Hadess.  (Hay-diss.)

    There was race out there that was apparently as old as the
Jurians.  These people were merely referred to as Goths.  Their
numbers were in the few but some were known to be pretty powerful,
not to mention dangerous.  Though others were passive and posed no
threat.  The Goths seemed to have their own equivalent of Jurian
powers and long lifespan.  One advantage is that they didn't depend
on Jurian trees to sustain them.  Over the last 3 millennia there
have been a series of unexplained disasters taking place every few
hundred years.  A certain group of Jurians believed that this was the
work of Goths…but not just any Goths.  These Jurians believed there
was a group of Goths out there that could be just as, if not more
powerful than Tsunami herself.  Most people just dismissed it off
hand because it seemed so ridiculous.  Sometime during the last three
years, they found a consistency with the dates of the 'disasters'.
With this information, a startling discovery was made…an invasion was
imminent.

    Things at the Masaki household started to gradually change as
well.  After a year of constant fighting, Ryoko and Ayeka finally
grew to accept their situations.  The rest of the house thought it
was more to make an example for Sasami.  Washu also changed as she
started to work on her inventions less and less until she eventually
stopped altogether a few months ago.  After Sasami's birthday last
month, things suddenly took a change for the worse in the household.
Ryoko and Ayeka started up their constant fighting again, and they
seemed bent on making up for lost time, as it was worse than ever.
It was almost like a dark shadow was cast over the household.  The
puzzling thing about it was that it all started so suddenly and
without any logical reason.  Tenchi spent less time with the girls
and used work in the field as an excuse to stay away from the house.
Tenchi also continued his training with his grandfather.  He took the
sessions far more seriously than in the past, and had reached a level
of skill and power greater than Ryoko or Ayeka.  Still, with all the
training, for some reason he hasn't been able to generate the Light
Hawk Wings at will.

    The Coalition had just become a powerful force in the Orion
Colony.  Operatives managed to infiltrate Alliance Command and got a
hold of high-level security codes.  These codes were used to send an
'authentic' signal to lure a ship.  In preparation for a ship's
arrival, the Coalition assembled their military forces and simply
waited.

Now onto the story, well here it goes...



CV Tenchi Muyo!

    In the darkness of space, everything was still.  The silence was
broken when a flash of light exploded out of nowhere and a large ship
started to emerge.  This ship was an Alliance ship called the Equinox
and it was a state of the art warship.  It was part of a new fleet to
deal with the increasing political instability between the major
powers.  The Equinox made its approach to a large green planet.
    On the bridge, the Captain stood up from his command chair and
looked at the view screen.  The Bridge was fairly well illuminated
but the walls consisted of dark colors.  Two officers were on the
left side, one at the front and one just behind the captain's chair.
Bright colorful screens were at the officers' stations.
    "Slow to one third, take us into a high orbit and open a
channel." ordered Captain Braxton.  This was John Braxton, Captain of
the Equinox and has been in command for the past few months.  This
was currently his first command after being the first officer of the
Chimera for about three years.  He was in his early forties, short
dark hair, and just over 6ft tall.  One thing of interest about him
was that a rumor had spread about him being from earth but Alliance
Central Command has denied this.  Something that fit this rumor was
that he was usually assigned near the sol system.  On top of this his
whereabouts during shore leave was unknown.
    The officer in front of him entered a few commands to his control
console and it chimed to indicate that the channel was open.
"Channel open sir.  They're sending a message in text form.  It says
they wish to communicate with audio only."  The communications
officer told him.  This was, Lieutenant Hawk.  He had just arrived on
the destroyer two months ago.  Hawk was in his early thirties and a
few inches under 6ft.
    "That's fine, as long as we *can* communicate" the Captain turned
toward his blank view screen and spoke up, "This is Captain Braxton
of the Alliance Starship Equinox.  We have arrived as you requested."
    "Equinox, this is the Orion Colony.  A transport ship is on its
way to you now."  Responded a voice over the Comm. System.  To his
right, the officer spoke up.
    "Sir, our sensors have picked up the ship on a direct approach…"
he said, looking as if he had something else to say.
    Captain Braxton looked over at Lieutenant Jefferson.  This is
Lieutenant Jefferson, the ships sensors officer.  He joined the crew
the same time as the Captain but is one of the younger as he was in
his mid twenties.
    "What is it lieutenant?"  Braxton said, sounding a little
impatient.
    "It's just that as a precaution, I decided to scan the shuttle
but there's a high energy dampening field blocking my scans,"
explained the sensors officer.
    "The only reason for them to use a dampening field," the captain
thought aloud.  "Was if they were…(a look of realization appeared on
his face) …if they were hiding something."  An alert sound suddenly
came from the sensor display.
    "Captain, the ship is increasing speed," Jefferson said hastily.
Braxton went back and sat in the captain's chair.
    "Hail them," he ordered.
    "No response," Hawk replied.  The sensors officer noticed
something and turned to the captain.
    "Sir, they're heading straight for us, it looks like a collision
course!"  The last part said in urgency.
    "Okay then, red alert, (room darkens slightly and the alert siren
starts to sound every 2 seconds) raise shields and arm the quantum
torp…" he was cut short by the weapons officer.
    "Sir, I can't activate anything, they've been disabled somehow,"
said the officer behind him.  This is the weapons officer, Lieutenant
Commander Hailey.  He's been onboard for about two months and has
been a valuable addition to the crew since then.  He's about the same
height as the Captain and is in his mid thirties.
    "Damn it, they must have our access codes."  Braxton said, with
irritation in his voice.  The little ship quickly slowed down and
clamped on to the hull.  This caused the ship to shudder making the
captain to move in his seat.
    "Report, what the hell was that?!"  Braxton exclaimed.
    "They've clamped onto the hull at…"  The sensors officer looked
at the console before he continued.  "Deck 4…section 27 alpha."
    "Activate an intruder alert and send a security detachment there
immediately."  Braxton hastily ordered.  Suddenly the ship started to
shake violently and the lights start to dim in and out.  The room
then turned to a dark crimson as the ship changed to emergency power.
    "Now what's happening!?"  Braxton said with a raised voice in
anger at what's happening.
    "We just lost main power and backup systems have just kicked in."
The weapons officer commented.  "Without main power, our security
officers won't get there in time to do anything…" the officer
suddenly disappeared.
    "You were saying commander…commander?"  The captain turned to see
him gone, as well as everyone else in the bridge.  "What the hell is
going on!?" he let out just before he disappeared in a flash of green
light.  The Captain suddenly found himself in a large holding area
with about another 150 people.  (His entire crew.)  He found a window
and looked out side to see his ship.  This only meant one thing…
    "They transported us here.  They have my ship!!"  He put across
as strongly as possible.  The small ship that the crew was
transported to detached and headed back towards the planet.  All the
Captain could do was stand and watch his ship slowly get further and
further away.  "I'm getting you back no matter what."  Back on the
bridge, four people entered, laughing.
    "Yeah, we did it!" one said.
    "You're right, that was easier than we originally thought.  We
didn't have to fire a single shot."  Added another as he entered a
few commands into one on the consoles and the lights returned to
normal.  Still looking at the ship, the Captain saw all this and
grimaced at it.  Just after the people on the bridge assumed
positions, someone else entered.  He appeared to be dressed a little
more formally than the others and he sat down on the captain's chair.
This one was the leader.  People under him address him as sir but
he's known as Hadess.  He's known to have strong powers and founded
this whole coalition.
    "We've done it," he said in a lowered voice.  "We've done it!!"
The would-be Captain repeated in a triumphant cry.  His laughter that
followed seemed to echo through the whole ship.  This was
understandable as others were also laughing…and in the same sadistic
way.  After about a minute, the laughter subsided and the leader
appeared to be deep in thought.
    "Hmm…now that we have this ship, what should we do first?"  The
leader piped up.  "We could use it to raid colonies, ambush
unsuspecting transport ships…" he stopped and a look if inspiration
came over him.
    "What is it?"  One of them voiced.
    "I want to go to a planet called Earth."  He commented.
    "Sir?" questioned the one behind him.  "What's on Earth?"  After
a few moments of thought, the leader said.  "Something I want."
Everyone just agreed, knowing that after Earth they'll have their
turn of saying where to go.  "Set a course for the Sol system and
jump to hyperspace when you're ready."
    "Aye sir."  The one at navigation responded and started working
at his command console.
"The day of reckoning is near, I can feel it."  Hadess thought aloud
as the ship speeded away from the planet, a ripple in space appeared
and the ship passed through it.  With a flash, the gate vanished and
the ship was gone.

Part one:  Day Of Reckoning

    Back at the Masaki residence, it was still early in the morning
but Tenchi was already up and working in the fields.  He made a habit
of this so he wouldn't have to deal with the perpetual chaos in the
house until a little later.  Since there wasn't enough work to keep
him busy everyday, he sometimes just took a walk.  Just so he could
prepare himself for the day ahead.  This was fairly effective as
morning was one of the most 'volatile' times of the day and the fact
he wasn't there at all means little or nothing happens.
    It was unbelievable how much time has passed.  Some of the things
he remembered felt like it only happened a few days ago, but in fact,
a few years have passed.  Though one of the more recent memories was
of Sasami 11th birthday last month.
    It was a good thing that Ryoko and Ayeka decided to settle down
and not be at each other's throats because the household would have
fallen apart ages ago, not to mention the house itself…several
times…and who would have to repair the damage?  Yes that's right,
Tenchi would.  Unfortunately, this ended a few days ago when it
started all over again.  It 'looked' like they were fighting over him
but it was become apparent that they were just using this as an
excuse to, well…fight.  It was like peace between them just wasn't
meant to be.
    He was pulling the carrots out of the ground and putting them
into the basket.  He gripped one and started to shake it loose but
stopped as a memory suddenly exploded into his mind.  It was one of
the recent fights between Ayeka and Ryoko (Typical) but they're all
practically the same so it was difficult to tell which one it was.
As always, it went something like this…
    Ryoko playfully glomped Tenchi and said "come on Tenchi, lets do
something fun" <Ayeka> "Ryoko!  Let go of Tenchi right now!!"
<Ryoko> "emm, let me think…no."  <Ayeka> "You should know by now that
Lord Tenchi doesn't like you doing that."  <Tenchi> (Sigh) "errr…Miss
Ayeka, there's no need for you to…I mean you shouldn't…oh man what's
the use."  <Ryoko> "See Ayeka, he's siding with me.  You should just
go away and leave me alone with Tenchi.  Huh?!"  The last part was
the reaction to Ayeka doing some serious powering up.  <Tenchi>
"Huh, Ayeka, STOP!!!"  There was then a blinding flash…
    Tenchi was startled and found him self in the field, holding a
carrot which was ripped from the ground when he came to.  He sighed
and placed the carrot in the basket with the others.  After a few
moments of reflecting on the memories, Tenchi decided to 'face the
music'.  He stopped there and headed back to the house but then he
started to think.
    <I really wish Miss Ayeka wouldn't be so easily provoked and I
wish Ryoko wouldn't be so emm…so provocative, yeah that's it.
Sometimes it feels like a fine tether that's about to break.  Though,
the way they act so openly and so violently it's like that fine
tether holding everything together has broken.  Well, I wish I knew
what caused it because it started so suddenly.  >
    After he got about halfway home, he stopped and had a thoughtful
look on his face.  "Yes, that's it!" he let out with a raised voice
but stopped and listened to make sure no one heard him.  After a few
seconds, he went over it in his head.
    <I could just go away for a while, besides I've already
considered it before and I even prepared myself.  Well that money,
which I saved up, has been on me ever since that 'turn' those girls
had.  I could take Ryo-ohki as my mode of transport, besides she'll
be a good travel companion.  I would take Sasami but that would
probably lead to Ayeka getting wind of this and it would all be
ruined.  Well, until then… >
    He smiled at the thought and continued back to the house.

****

    Back at the house, in Tenchi's room, Ryoko materialized with a
big smile on her face.  "Morning Tenchi," the Pirate started
playfully, but stopped when she realized that the bed was already
empty…again and she face-faulted.  "Damn it, where is he?!" she
exclaimed angrily.  The demon slammed her fist onto his dresser and
knocked a few things off.  She sighed and started thinking aloud. "I
know why he's not here…he's in the field again but I guess I
understand why."  A look of urgency appeared on her face.  "I better
tell Tenchi that it was all a misunderstanding.  He must think we've
reverted back to the way we were but that's not the case.  So I'll
just teleport to where Tenchi is and…oh, before I do that, I'll pick
this stuff up."  She said to herself and started to pick his things
up.
    There was a small note pad, a pen, a few little colorful glass
ball things; she looked at them with some though.  <I wonder what
these are or what they're for> these thoughts were placed aside when
her eyes caught glimpse of the Tenchi-ken.  Not of the sword itself
but the two gems attached to it.  Her hand started to reach out but
was halted when she was overwhelmed with a flashback of the last time
she grabbed it, the sound of her screaming echoed through her mind.
Grimacing at these thoughts, she noticed that the sword started to
move.
    "Huh, what's going on?"  She asked herself.  Without warning, the
sword flew into the pirate's hand and started powering up.  Knowing
what was going to happen, she made a desperate struggle to break free
but her hand was gripped round it.  The sword gave out a huge energy
discharge, which caused Ryoko to cry out in pain.  Large electrical
arcs surged through her body as it drained her energy.  While
grimacing, her eyes went to her left wrist and saw that the gem was
dematerializing.  This made her struggle even harder but it was
futile as the gem was eventually stolen and once again appeared on
the sword handle.  The Tenchi-ken got what it was after so it powered
down and fell to the floor.  Ryoko passed out seconds later.

****

    Not far from Jupiter, a jump-gate opened with a burst of light
and the Equinox emerged.  On the bridge, the one at the helm just
finished laying in a course to earth.
    "Sir, we've jumped out of hyperspace and we're on a course to the
third planet."  The one at the helm said at last.
    "How long till we reach Earth?"  Hadess asked.  The navigation
'officer' turned to his console and looked back.
    "Four hours sir."  He eventually replied.
    "Damn."  Hadess murmured to himself.  "If it wasn't for
that…Tsunami, we would be in orbit right now."  He finished, with a
sound of disappointment in his voice.  Everything seemed to become
quiet as the ship slowly made it's way to Earth.

****

    Meanwhile, Tenchi went into the house with an
uncharacteristically happy look in his face.  <Oh yes, if this works
I'm finally going to get some peace!!  >  Sasami heard him coming in
and looked out from the kitchen.
    "Morning Tenchi!"  She called out with her usual cheerful voice.
"You're just in time, I'm almost finished with breakfast."  Before
she continued, Tenchi stopped her.
    "Emm Sasami, I'm thinking of going away for a while.  Don't worry
I'll be back real soon.  I just need to get away for a while."
Tenchi explained.  Sasami just put on her cute little cheerful smile
again.
    "Okay, I'll just wrap yours up so you can take it with you."  The
little Princess said in understanding.
    "Thanks for understanding Sasami."  There was a hint of surprise
in his voice because she would normally be asking where and why but
it was as if she already understood why.  Well it didn't take a
genius to know it was to get away from 'those two'.  She disappeared
into the kitchen and Tenchi patiently stood there, waiting.
Suddenly, he heard a small explosion which seemed to make the whole
house shake.  (The Tenchi-ken discharge.)  This made Tenchi dash into
the kitchen where Sasami just finished wrapping up his food for him.
She looked up at him with surprise but after realizing it was
nothing, she quickly shrugged if off.
    "Here you are Tenchi."  Still sounding somewhat cheerful.
"You're taking Ryo-ohki aren't you?"  She asked with a slightly
lowered voice."  Tenchi was speechless for several seconds.  <How did
she know that?!  >  In reaction to his silence, her look turned
serious.
    "Tenchi, I know what you're doing.  I may be the youngest but I
know a lot more than you think."
    "I'm sorry Sasami, I didn't mean to," Tenchi started, with shame
but Sasami interrupted before he could say anymore.
    "I know you didn't.  I knew it was only a matter of time before
you would want to 'get away' for a while.  I would ask to go with you
but I guess I need to stay and make sure the others don't start
searching for you or something."  She said as her face brightened up
again like the sun coming out from behind a cloud.  It looked like
she was finished, but then.  "In return…"
    "Huh…errr, what is it?  Tenchi asked, with no idea what she was
going to ask for.  He then couldn't help but start to feel nervous.
    "Don't worry Tenchi, I won't be expecting you to do anything you
don't want to do."  Sasami finally said with assurance, followed by a
little giggle.  "If you can go away without the others knowing then I
should as well."
    "Emm Sasami, didn't you just say that you were…"  Tenchi tried to
ask but was cut off.
    "No silly, I mean in the future.  When I feel I want to go away
somewhere, you will make sure no one knows either.  I may even ask
for you to come."  She explained.
    "Well, it depends but I probably will go with you if you want."
Tenchi replied with assurance.
    "Oh yeah, here you go…" Sasami started as she opened a cupboard
and reached in.  She pulled out a bag of carrots and handed them to
Tenchi.  "Since I knew you were going to take Ryo-ohki, I kept these
carrots so you could take them with you."
    "Thanks Sasami!"  He said, a little louder than he expected.
"Oh, sorry."  Tenchi promptly added.
    "Doesn't matter Tenchi, I don't think anyone heard you."  She
reassured him.  Before Tenchi heard anything, Sasami became aware of
someone coming down stairs…it was more like instinct than anything
else.  "Someone's coming so if you want to go, you better go now."
After a moment, Tenchi left with the things Sasami gave him and Ryo-
ohki followed him.  The cabbit transformed into her spaceship form
and transported him up.  Tenchi sat in the command chair and smiled
gratefully at the view but then his face turned serious.
    "Let's go!"  He said with confidence and Ryo-ohki then flew off
into the distance.  Just after they were gone Ayeka came down stairs
and looked concerned.
    "Tenchi are you here?"  She said in the hope that he was there.
Sasami came out of the kitchen and Ayeka saw her.  "Sasami have you
seen Tenchi?"
    "Is there any reason you want to see him so urgently?" Sasami
returned, avoiding what she really knows.
    "It's about the last few days.  I need to talk to him about
what's been happening."
    "You sounded urgent, why are you in such a hurry."
    "I have a confession Sasami.  All those things between Ryoko and
me have simply been a misunderstanding," Ayeka tried.
    "What do you mean?" Sasami insisted.
    "It's like something came over me and this aggression started to
overwhelm me.  Apparently, it affected Ryoko as well…but she seemed
to more in control.  That would explain why she caused less damage
than I did."  She explained but couldn't help feeling a little
ashamed.
    "How are you now…I mean is it still there?"
    "It's still there but I'm in control now."  Ayeka said with
reassurance.
    "That's good to hear."
    "Anyway, I just wanted to see him so I could explain what
happened and apologize.  So do you know where he is?
    "I'm sorry, I haven't seen him yet.  Maybe he's still in bed."
Sasami added; making an obvious lie and Ayeka then headed back
upstairs.

****

    Still in Tenchi's room, Ryoko regained consciousness.  She
quickly got up when she heard someone outside.  "Uh-oh."  The pirate
dematerialized as the door opened and Ayeka appeared on the other
side.
    "Tenchi?"  She asked but quickly realized he wasn't there.
"Hmm…I wander where he could be."  With this, she looked down to see
the Tenchi-ken lying on the floor.  She proceeded to pick it up then
looked it with curiosity.
    "Huh," as Ayeka noticed that it had all three gems for some
reason.  <Why does it have all three gems?  I seriously doubt that
she would give it back.  Only one person could know why this
happened…I better talk to Yosho.  >  After a moment of though, she
left the room and headed to the shrine where Yosho usually was.
Seconds after the door closed and Ryoko rematerialized.
    "Yes, I hope I can at least get back the gem I had.  If I don't,
I'll be at an extreme disadvantage."  Ryoko thought aloud with a
sound of urgency in her voice.  She sighed and dematerialized again.

****

    The Equinox slowed to almost a complete stop as it arrived at
Earth.  A small shuttlecraft emerged and headed towards the planet
and it's hull started to glow a shade of red.  After a while, they
leveled their descent and the glowing stopped.  When Ryo-ohki entered
their sights, the ship changed course and followed them but kept
their distance.
****

    Ryoko rematerialized in the corridor, outside Tenchi's room.
After a moment of looking around, she disappeared again.  She
reappeared in the main sitting room and started walking towards the
kitchen.  Before the pirate could get very far she suddenly felt
faint and almost lost her balance but placed her hand on the couch
just in time.
    "What's wrong with me?"  Ryoko asked herself weakly.  In case
someone saw her like this, she dematerialized but reappeared where
she was.  "What's going on?"  She murmured with a hint of
desperation.  Another attempt was again, unsuccessful and she
collapsed to the floor.  The now helpless pirate heard someone
coming.  It was Sasami; this made her desperate.  "Better get outta
here the old fashioned way."  She struggled to her feet and staggered
towards the stairs.  After only getting up a few stairs, Ryoko's body
became limp and she passed out.

****

    At the shrine, Yosho was doing his meditation but it was
interrupted by a knock at the door.
    "Enter."  He said without making a move.  The door opened with a
creak and Ayeka entered.  "Oh what brings you here Ayeka?"  He asked,
knowing that she came for a specific reason.
    "This is why."  She said simply, holding out the sword.
    "You mean you came up to the shrine just to give me this.  But I
have no need for…" he was cut off by the Princess.
    "Yosho, just *look* at the sword!"  She raised her voice and
jerked the sword closer.  He took the sword from her hand and looked
at it.
    "Hmmm, it has all three gems…didn't Tenchi give one back to
Ryoko?"  He asked.
    "He did, that's the point.  Somehow that gem reappeared on the
sword and I thought you would know why…so do you?"  Ayeka finished.
    "Ayeka, I don't think I told you about the origins of this
sword."  Her brother piped up.  "At a time shortly after my first
encounter with Ryoko, I was one of the few to managed survived.  I
realized that her power came from those three gems.  After that I got
some of the greatest scientists on Jurai to develop something that
could get them off her.  They eventually created the Tenchi-ken.
It's basically a standard issue Jurian sword.  Well it was…back then.
Anyway, it was adapted so it could be used to extract Ryoko's gems.
I think they mentioned some kind of flaw that became apparent during
the modification."
    "What kind of flaw?"  Ayeka asked, wondering where he was going
with this.
    "They said it once powered up all by itself but that's never
happened to me and I don't remember Tenchi saying anything.  Oh, wait
a second; they said it happened when some kind of energy interfered
with the experiment…telepathic I think.  It apparently powered up and
moved towards the set of simulated gems.  I guess that's why this
happened."  Yosho explained but sighed.  "The thing that puzzles me
is how it could be affected like that here.  I mean I don't think
anyone here on Earth would have the technology to produce that kind
of energy."
    "She must have been in his room again…oh, that's why it was on
the floor.  Oh my, we better find Ryoko, she could be hurt!"  She
said with a raised voice and showing some genuine concern.  Yosho
then looked at her curiously, almost as if  "What are you looking at?
Of course I feel concerned, I'm not a heartless monster you know!"
The princess exclaimed.
    "I know Ayeka…I know."  Yosho responded in agreement.  <Well if
you *were* a heartless monster, I wouldn't have wanted to marry you
700 years ago.  >  Yosho got up and followed Ayeka back to the house.
She didn't exactly hear what he thought but it was more like she
*felt* what he said and smiled happily to herself.

****

    In Washu's lab, it was unusually quiet.  Even the usual typing on
her holotop was absent.  It was like she wasn't motivated anymore.
It's been like this for the last few months.  She was lying on one of
her bio-beds with her knees up and her hands clasped in front of her.
There was several seconds of silence as she was alone with her
thoughts.  The door materialized and Yosho entered, carrying Ryoko
with Ayeka     just behind.  Hearing this, Washu got up and to her
feet.
    "What happened?!"  Washu asked in concern at her daughter.
    "She's hurt, it was the sword."  Yosho replied as he carried
Ryoko over to the bio-bed.
    "What do you mean?  Washu asked, wondering how the sword could
have done this.
    "Not now, I'll explain later."  Yosho responded with a little
impatience.  They placed her on the bed.  Washu looked at her and
noticed that the gem on her left wrist was gone.  She then looked up
at Ayeka who was holding the sword and noticed that the gem was
there.  Back to Ryoko, the little scientist took a few looks and
hmms.
    "It looks like her gem got back to the sword somehow and whatever
happened caused a lot of her existing energy to be drained as well."
She explained.
    "Will she recover?"  Yosho added.  Washu looked at Ryoko again
then looked up at Yosho.
    "Of course, well I am the greatest scientist in the
universe…though it will take a while for her energy to be fully
restored.  This means she'll have to stay here for the time being.
I'm going to have to synthesize this energy and infuse her with it.
If I was to guess, I would say it would take about a few days."  She
answered and Yosho turned to Ayeka, who hadn't spoken the whole time
they were there.
    "What?"  She asked innocently.
    "You haven't said anything…is something bothering you?"  He
pointed out.  Ayeka looked down and sighed.
    "Well it's just…it's just that I haven't seen Lord Tenchi at all
today and I'm starting to worry.  I just wish I knew where he was."
She responded, with a slightly lowered voice.
    "That's right, I haven't seen Tenchi either…and Washu's been here
the whole time.  I wonder if your sister knows.  Why don't you go and
ask her."  Yosho commented.
    "I don't think she would know…but I guess I could ask anyway."
Ayeka agreed.  The Princess left then Washu materialized her holotop
and started working away.
    "Since I don't seem to be needed here, I'll just go back to the
shrine."  Yosho added as he left as well.  The lab was active and
Washu was finally working on something again.

****

    Ayeka instinctively headed for the kitchen, as this was often
where Sasami was.  "Sasami?"  She called out.
    "Yes Ayeka?"  Sasami's voice sounded from behind.  She got up
from the couch and took a few little steps forward.
    "Oh there you are Sasami.  There's something I need to ask you."
Ayeka started.  This made Sasami feel uneasy.  "You didn't happen to
see Tenchi yet have you?"  She finally asked.
    "Errr…no, I haven't Ayeka.  I think he's out in the field or
something."  She answered, sounding apprehensive.
    "Sasami, is there something you aren't telling me?"  Ayeka
insisted, noticing her sister's reaction to the question.  Sasami
grimaced.
    "No, it nothing!"  She said as she turned and ran up the stairs.
    "Sasami!"  Ayeka called out to her sister but then felt a hand on
her shoulder.  She turned and saw that it was Yosho.
    "Let her go…if she has anything to say, she'll tell you when
she's ready.  You can't force her to because she might *never* say
anything."  He explained.  She sighed.
    "You're right, as usual."  Ayeka commented and glanced towards
the stairs.

****

    Tenchi decided to go around the North American continent and
approach the east side so Ryo-ohki had been traveling over sea for a
while.  Land eventually entered their view and Tenchi looked in awe
as a cityscape appeared on the horizon.  It was a fairly built-up
area and had a pair of skyscrapers stood out from all the others.  As
they got closer, they noticed a huge statue holding up a torch.
    "Look Ryo-ohki, it's New York city.  I've always wanted to come
here but never got the chance."  Tenchi commented.  "Ryo-ohki, you
better transport us down somewhere before someone sees us."  Tenchi
said, as the city was getting a lot closer.  She dematerialized and
their stalkers decreased their speed and landed somewhere on the
outskirts…


Authors notes:  I have decided to stop the story here because I think
it's a good place to begin part 2 of my fic.  I bet you have a few
questions about the events that have unfolded.  Please give C&C and
since this is my first one please go easy on me.  Constructive
criticism will be appreciated.

On the next part, Washu's 'condition' gets worse and she may not be
able to treat Ryoko…so what will this mean?  While Tenchi is in New
York, he meets someone there…who is she and is there an ulterior
motive?  This and more on the continuation of CV Tenchi Muyo!

Part 2:  A New Friend, A New Danger

