Authors notes:  In part one, Tenchi left with only Sasami knowing
along with a promise not to tell.  It also seemed that someone was
following him.  Ryoko was in a bad way, not to mention Washu.  Find
out what happens as the story continues…

CV Tenchi Muyo!

    Tenchi was standing in an alley where he was transported.  He was
holding Ryo-ohki and looking out at the busy streets.  He started
making his way out of the alley and something dawned on him.  No one
has ever seen a cabbit before so he had to do something.  "Let's
see." he murmured, checking the bag he was holding.  "Damn, this
won't do…oh man, I can't let anyone see you because people have never
seen a cabbit before and I don't want anything to happen to you." he
said, out of ideas.  Looking up, he saw two little girls walk past,
each holding a plushy.  Something occurred to him and a look of joy
came to his face.  "That's it!"  He let out with excitement.
    "Ryo-ohki, I was wondering.  Can you make your self perfectly
still?"  He asked the little cabbit.  She miya'd happily in response.
She then made herself perfectly still and Tenchi walked into the main
street, making it look as if Ryo-ohki was a plushy.
    As he walked out into the street, there was movement in the alley
he was just in.  A dark figure emerged from the shadows and glared at
the young prince as he disappeared into the busy street.  After a few
seconds, he was gone again…

Part two – A New Friend, A New Danger

    Back at the Masaki residence in Washu's lab, she had been working
for about an hour.  While working on her holotop, she started to get
frustrated because things weren't working out.
    "Damn it…why isn't this working?!"  Washu let out in frustration.
Regardless of her efforts, she was making little progress.  It was as
if the inactivity caused her to loose her touch.  If that was the
reason, she would be improving but instead she seems to be getting
worse.

****

    Meanwhile, Tenchi continued his little tour of an apparently
endless city.  He passed a building with a screen on it and Ryo-ohki
noticed it and miya'd.
    "Oh, you're looking at that screen."  Tenchi responded.  "Yeah,
it kind of looks like the one that we passed 10 minutes ago…and half
an hour ago…" he paused in realization.  "And…just over an hour ago,
damn it we've been walking around in circles for over an hour!"  He
said with a slightly raised voice.  Although he was standing in a
busy street and there was a deafening hum of people talking all
around him, it was like he could sense something.  He looked around
and saw nothing but it didn't make him feel any better…in fact, it
made him feel a little worse.  "What is that?" He thought aloud
nervously.  When trying to figure out what it was, something suddenly
touched his shoulder.  He was startled by this and quickly turned
round to see someone standing.  "Huh…?"  He let out.  It was a girl
around his age but had a slightly apprehensive look on her face.  She
had long dark hair, gray eyes and was roughly the same height as him.
She was wearing a long, dark blue dress that Tenchi found himself
staring at.
    "Ahem."  She said to get his attention and this made Tenchi
quickly look up to see that she started smiling.
    "Errr, I'm sorry for staring.  I didn't mean to…" She cut him
off.
    "Forget about it…I have."  She commented and Tenchi managed to
look up at her again.  "I'm just wondering…would you happen to be
lost?"  She asked.
    "Why do you ask?"  He questioned.
    "No offence but it's that just you looked a little lost and
confused for someone who knows their way around…" She responded but
sounded like she had more to say.
    "There's something else isn't there?"  He hesitantly asked.  <Oh
no, what if she knows about Ryo-ohki?  >
    "Well it's just that your clothes are different.  So I kinda
thought you were new around here and got yourself lost."
    "Lost…of course not, I'm…err."  Tenchi desperately tried to think
of something.  After briefly looking into her eyes, he realized he
just couldn't lie and sighed.  "Yeah…I'm lost."  He finally
confessed, scratching his head nervously.  She smiled then took his
hand.
    "In that case, I'll show you around."  She said with enthusiasm.
He hesitantly followed her as she led the way.
    "Emm are you sure…I don't want to be a bother to you."
    "Don't worry you're not."  She replied with reassurance.  "I'm
not doing anything so I might as well…spend some time with you.  If
you want, that is."
    "Yeah sure, why not."  Tenchi said with a smile and they both
proceeded to walk off into the dense streets of NY.  They walked past
a dark side alley, where a dark figure stood; watching them…then he
was gone again.

****

    Over a few hours, Tenchi went from place to place, seeing this
and that.  It was more enjoyable since Tenchi took some money he
saved up, which was already converted to US currency because that was
where he was planning on going.  For the last couple of days, Tenchi
actually kept it on him at all times.
    During this tour, they went to a carnival, went on rides, and
tried a few of the stalls.  They both got some cotton candy and
Tenchi won his new friend a big plushy at the ring-toss game.  Though
she gave it to a little kid, whom she thought needed it a little
more.  As they left, the two of them were laughing and Tenchi
realized something that made him stop.
    "What is it, Tench?"  She asked, sounding concerned.  During the
time she was with Tenchi, she started calling him Tench.
    "We've spent practically all day together…but you still haven't
told me your name."
    "Oh, I can't believe I haven't told you…its Aeryn."  She
responded but noticed that Tenchi wanted to ask something else.
"Come on Tench, there's something else you want to ask isn't there?"
She insisted.  <You can't hide anything from me…I can see right
through you.  >
    "Well, it's just that…" Tenchi tried, but was hesitant.
    "You can ask me."  She reassured him and put her hand on his
shoulder.  This seemed to restore his confidence a little.
    "It's just that."  He paused but when he looked into her friendly
eyes, he felt he could say it.  "You just spent the whole day with
me…but you don't know me.  Why would you be willing to devote a whole
day of your time to help a…a stranger?"  He finally got out.  This
made her lower her glance, like what he said saddened her.  "Perhaps
I shouldn't have asked, I didn't mean to…"
    "No, you should know."  She said, not letting Tenchi finish.  "I
was seeing someone for a while and we were meant to meet but."  She
hesitated for a moment.  "But he didn't show up."  Tenchi gave her a
sympathetic look and she sighed.
    "Perhaps he was just late."  He suggested.
    "Couldn't be that.  I waited two whole hours for him."  Her voice
started to sound a little frustrated.  "Two…whole…hours, and he
didn't show up."
    "Sorry."  Tenchi responded.
    "Don't be, it looked like something like this was going to
happen…it was only a matter of time before he eventually rejected
me."
    "Don't say that!"  Tenchi raised his voice because he couldn't
stand hearing someone as nice as her talking about herself like that.
"You're acting like you're not good enough for him…but it's really
*him* that doesn't deserve you."  He takes a step closer and lowers
his voice.  "I think he was extremely lucky to meet someone like
you…so it's his loss."  Her friendly smile returned and she hugged
him but since it was unexpected he was slightly startled.
    "Thanks for being so nice to me.  It seems like not many people
want to be around me anymore, let alone say some thing good about
me."  After this was said, she let go.
    "It's getting kinda late, I really should be going."  Tenchi told
her and started to walk away.  He felt her grab his hand so he turned
round.
    "Wait…how will you be getting home?"  She asked him.
    "Don't worry about me." he responded, trying to avoid answering
the question knowing that it wouldn't make sense to her.
    "It's just I was wondering," after some hesitation, she
continued.  "Wanna stay at my place for the night?"  In response,
Tenchi looked at her and she turned away and blushed slightly.
<Damn, I shouldn't have asked that…I bet that's going to drive him
away…away, never to return.  But I don't think I could bare it if he
did…but I guess it's over now.  >  He looked to see her grimacing
slightly.
    "I, I didn't say no…I was just a little surprised, that's all.  I
guess I could stay with you for the night; at least I won't have to
go home for a while longer."  He responded.  <Well, it does look like
she's in need of some company so I might as well.  Besides, without
her, this trip wouldn't have been quite as interesting as it was.  >
    "Troubles in the household?"  Aeryn asked.  "Oh you came here to
'get away' didn't you?"
    "Yeah, but how did you…" Tenchi tried.
    "I've done it a few times before.  About that guy I mentioned, I
was supposed to be 'getting away' with him.  I even got all dressed
up for the occasion…but he never showed up."
    "I can't say I've experienced anything like this but I can
certainly guess."  He added since he has been in some tough
situations of his own.
    "If you're wandering, I usually dress a lot more casually than
this but it was supposed to be a special occasion.  I guess it still
is…because I got to meet a new friend."  She had clearly cheered up
as she kissed him on the cheek and took his hand to lead the way.  He
wanted to appreciate this but despite being thousands of miles away,
he still felt the shadow of the 'other 2' hanging over him.  The two
worked their way through the streets that were surprisingly busy at
this time, as far as Tenchi was concerned that is.  Aeryn started to
feel that something wasn't right.
    "What is it?"  Tenchi asked when he noticed this.
    "It feels like someone is following us."  She said nervously.
They turned round to see that it was justified.  There were two
hooligans standing behind him, laughing.  They were both wearing
black leather, one was swinging a short chain and the other was
holding a baseball bat.
    "Hey, look at what we have here."  The one with the bat said and
Aeryn gasped in fear.

****

    At the Masaki Residence, it was just leaving 4pm and Nobuyuki
just left with Sasami on a walk through the forest.  Washu was still
in the lab, making slow progress on Ryoko but at least she found a
way to counteract the things that were happening to her…for the
moment.  This just left Ayeka in the sitting room, deep in thought.
<I wish I knew where Tenchi was.  >  She sighed then suddenly felt
something.  It was like an awareness of something.  "What was that?"
She asked herself then started to look worried and got up.  "Oh no,
Lord Tenchi might be in danger…Yosho!"  The princess called out as
she ran out the house.

****

    The hooligan with the bat started to walk up to them, with the
other one following right behind.
    "Get behind me Aeryn.  I don't want you to get hurt."  Tenchi
said to her and the hooligan in front started to sarcastically act
scared.
    "Oh, what are you gonna do…oh please don't hurt us."  He was cut
off.
    "Get lost."  Tenchi returned and Aeryn started to look concerned.
    "What are you doing…they'll hurt you."  Sounding afraid for
Tenchi's safety.
    "Yeah, you should listen to your girl friend…because you *are*
going to get hurt."  The hooligan at the back said.  The one in front
swung his bat at Tenchi who, apparently without any effort, avoided
it completely.
    "Huh, what?"  The hooligan exclaimed in shock and Aeryn was no
less surprised than he was.  He then started to swing it franticly,
all the time hitting nothing but air.  His last swing seemed to be on
target but Tenchi caught it only inches from his face.  The other
started to approach from behind.
    "Look out Tenchi!"  Aeryn called out.  With his hand still on the
bat, he turned and forced him away throwing the hooligan into the
other, and they both fell to the ground.  The two of them got up and
they were livid.  The one with the bat charged at him and after
avoiding numerous swings, Tenchi was grabbed from behind.  The other
hooligan had a tight grip on his arm so he couldn't move.
    "Lets see you try and dodge this one."  The one in front of him
said and he laughed mockingly.  After struggling to break free,
Tenchi started to worry when he realized he couldn't move.  He
clenched his eyes shut in anticipation of what was to come but
instead he heard the bat hit the ground.  With this, his eyes shot
open to see something kind of surprising.  Aeryn just punched the
hooligan right in the face and he fell to the ground completely
dazed.  She turned and glared at the other one then he quickly let go
of Tenchi.
    "Lets get outta here!"  He cried out as he dashed away and the
other got back up and ran off as well.
    "How…how did you…" Tenchi tried but couldn't get the words out.
    "Oh that…they were paying you so much attention that they forgot
about me.  So I just…seized the moment and did something."
    "Well thanks for helping me."
    "Oh, it was nothing."  She insisted.  Aeryn continued to lead the
way to her home.  After another half-hour, they reached the suburbs
and there were many large detached and semi-detached houses around.
It was a wide street with a row of houses on each side, some bigger
than others.  Aeryn pointed out hers.
    "There it is."  She said with enthusiasm…not surprising since
they've both been doing a lot of walking.
    "Emm are you sure you're parents will allow me to stay?"  Tenchi
asked what he thought was a crucial question.  In response, she
quietly laughed to her self.
    "My mother is away for a few days…and my father hasn't been
around for a few months, so I don't think you will have to worry
about them."  She responded with reassurance.  The two of them
quietly made their way to the house.  When they entered, Tenchi was
surprised when he saw that wasn't that much different from his own
home.
    "Let's see."  Aeryn said as she looked at her watch and turned on
the backlight.  "Oh, one in the morning…that's pretty late."  She
commented.  Tenchi looked around and his eyes stopped at the couch.
    "I guess I'll be sleeping there."  He said, indicating the couch.
    "No, you'll be sleeping upstairs."  She responded.  He followed
her lead up the stairs but couldn't help but feel uneasy and
apprehensive.  Aeryn noticed it and stopped at the top of the stairs.
"You look kind of nervous, what is it?"  She asked, with a little
concern in her voice but this just made him feel even worse.
    "Well, it's just that…I don't think we should…what I mean is
that…it's a bit early to..."  Tenchi desperately tried.  She realized
what he was trying to say then laughed.
    "Huh"
    "Come on I'll show you to the guest bedroom."  Because of this,
Tenchi felt really bad but it wasn't very well hidden.  <Oh gees why
did I even think that!  I can just imagine what she's thinking now.
>  She then showed him to the guest bedroom.  "Here it is."  As
Tenchi walked in, she went to her own room.  He lay there with Ryo-
ohki lying on the bed beside him.
    Tenchi started to think about all the things that happened during
the course of this eventful day.  These thoughts eventually changed
to the ones of home.  He wondered how the ones back there were doing.
Though, if he knew that Ryoko was in a bad shape and something was
apparently wrong with Washu as well, he would be desperately trying
to get home instead of getting some sleep at a new friends house.
<Oh man, I feel like such an idiot.  I can only imagine how she
thinks about me now.  On a positive note, I had a good time today and
I look forward to going home…well sort of.  > His thoughts slowly
faded away as he fell asleep.
    Aeryn was also lying in bed, thinking about things.  Just after
feeling the pain of rejection, she meets Tenchi and understandably,
doesn't want to lose him just because of a 'sudden move' she made.  A
part of her wouldn't mind if this didn't turn into anything serious
because she was still in need of a close friend.  <I hope that little
misunderstanding didn't make him feel too bad.  I wish he didn't have
to go home tomorrow, Sundays are so boring.  >  She finished with a
sigh and lay there thinking about it for a while, but managed to get
to sleep as well.

****

    Ayeka just left the Masaki household and headed towards the
shrine.
    "Yosho, where are you!"  She called out.  Ayeka continued to call
for Yosho and just before she reached the shrine, he appeared at the
door with a look of curiosity on his face.
    "What is it now, Ayeka?"  He asked and she seemed to have calmed
down a little.
    "It's just that I…felt something.  I think Tenchi might be in
trouble."  It looked like she was going say more but stopped.
    "Yes?"  He tried to get her to continue but she started to look
uneasy, but it was more like a look if she made a fool of herself.
She just sighed.
    "It's nothing…I'm sorry I worried you brother.  I could have
sworn Lord Tenchi was in danger but I don't feel it anymore…must have
been nothing."  With this, she turned and slowly headed back home.
    "Wait a second."  Yosho said and she turned back round.  "Don't
feel bad Ayeka, it's okay to be concerned.  After all, he left
without saying anything and none of us know where he is yet."  He
stopped and remembered something.  "Don't forget when you asked
Sasami, she hastily left the room."
    "Maybe she was just upset that Tenchi was gone."  Ayeka
suggested.
    "No, I'm now pretty sure that she does know something and she
acted that way because someone told her not to, possibly Tenchi
himself."  Yosho added.  Once again, they were both on their way back
to the household.

****

    Sasami was off to the kitchen when she noticed her sister behind
her.
    "Sasami, okay if I ask you something?"  Ayeka asked her sister.
She started to make her way towards the stairs but Ayeka gently
griped her arm so she couldn't get away this time.  "You know
something don't you?"  Ayeka asked with a lowered but reassuring
voice.  Sasami started to look conceded and sighed.
    "Well…err."  She hesitated.
    "Did Tenchi tell you not say anything?"  Sasami nodded.  "Just
tell us…incase something happens to him.  If something does happen…we
can help him."  Ayeka tried but Sasami didn't tell.
    "I promised Tenchi…I *promised* him I wouldn't tell.  So I
*can't* tell you Ayeka."  The little princess said and was starting
to look a little upset.  Ayeka sighed and let go.
    "Okay Sasami…I shouldn't expect you to break a promise.
Especially not with Tenchi."  She finished and Sasami continued to
the kitchen.  Yosho entered just after and Ayeka turned to face him.
    "I suppose you'll just have to be patient and wait for Tenchi to
return."  Yosho commented.

****

    At NY, it was morning again, the time displayed on Aeryn's alarm
clock was 9:59am, and she was resting peacefully and had an innocent
smile on her face.  She was having one of those happy dreams she
hasn't had in a while.  Nothing was really *happening* in her dream,
it was more like a collection of pleasant emotions being played in
her head.  Unfortunately this all ended when the clock changed to
10:00am and the alarm sounded.  She winced at the sound for a moment
but then slowly started to open her eyes.  <What was I to do this
morning?  Right it's a Sunday so I usually, well…wait I don't
*usually* do anything.  I just see what's good on TV because there
isn't anything else to do.  >  She suddenly shot up into a sitting
position when she remembered that Tenchi was in the house.  <Oh yeah,
he came home with me…maybe I should check to see if he's awake.  >
This thought made her smile to her self and she got up.  She opened
her dresser and started looking for something to wear.

    Tenchi woke up but didn't open his eyes straight away.  When he
did, he realized that he was in someone else's house.  After a few
seconds, he remembered the previous day and smiled to himself.  <I
guess I'll have to go home now…I wonder how the others will react
when I get home since I left without telling them where I went.  I'm
sure I can think of something to defuse the situation…but if I can't.
>  The memory that came up in the field resurfaces… <Tenchi> Ayeka,
noooo!!!  Then there was a flash that made him come to with a fright.
He lay back and closed his eyes again to psyche himself for the start
of another day and go back.  While he lay there, he thought he heard
something but disregarded it.  He then felt something; it was like
something was pressing down on the bed.  Just assuming it was his
imagination, he continued to ignore it.  He quickly became convinced
that something was there so he decided to open his eyes again.  When
Tenchi opened his eyes, he saw Aeryn sitting there, just quietly
watching him.  She was wearing a yellow t-shirt and blue shorts;
seemed appropriate since it was fairly warm and sunny outside.
    "Morning Tench."  She said with a smile; Tenchi just managed to
suppress a startle when he saw her and returned the smile instead.
    "Yeah, morning Aeryn."  Tenchi said after slight hesitation.  She
slowly stood up and headed for the door.
    "See you downstairs Tench."  She said as she opened the door,
glancing at Tenchi one more time before he left her field of view.
He got up and started to put his clothes back on and Ryo-ohki just
lay there, not yet awake.  <Hmmm, I wonder why she keeps calling me
Tench…maybe because she just likes calling me that or something.  >
    Aeryn was in the kitchen looking for something to eat.
    "Lets see what could we have."  She thought aloud, looking in the
fridge then heard Tenchi coming down the stairs.  "Hey, you're up."
She called as he re-entered her field of view.
    "I guess I'll be going now."  Tenchi said.
    "Where is your home?"
    "In fact it's somewhere in Japan."
    "Lets see…" she looked at her watch.  "Japan is roughly 8 time
zones away so…it would be about 2 in the morning there.  Well, how
long do you think it would take for you to get home?  Tenchi mentally
referred to when he just got to NY and tried to figure out how long
it took.
    "I think I got here in about half an hour."
    "What?"  She was a little surprised at his answer.
    "Errr…I mean *two* and a half hours."  Tenchi made a nervous
laugh and sweat dropped.
    "I think the best time to arrive would be the morning…so maybe
you could, I don't know."  Aeryn tried get the question out.  "Spend
a little more time with me?"  She finally said and looked a little
uneasy.
    "I really wouldn't want to be a burden to you…after all, I was
with you most of yesterday."  He commented.
    "You're not a burden…In fact I *want* you to be with me.  I
really enjoyed your company yesterday."  She insisted.  With this
said he thought for a moment.
    "Yeah, sure.  I can stay around for a little longer.  You know
what we could do?"  She wanted him to stay but didn't think past that
point so she found herself not knowing what to say.  A thought
finally came to her.
    "I know lets have something to eat…if I can…find anything."  She
replied, scanning the room with her eyes.
    "Fine by me."  Tenchi answered.

****

    At the Masaki Residence, everyone was asleep but a few weren't as
peaceful as others.  Ayeka was worrying about Tenchi being away.
Sasami was uncomfortable about keeping information from her sister.
It was something that could have made her feel a little better about
this whole thing.  In Washu's lab, Ryoko was still lying lifeless on
the bio-bed.  Washu herself had fallen asleep while working on her
holotop and a number of devices were still active.  It seemed like
her progress was a little slower than she would have thought.  It's
like it was caused by a problem that appeared out of no-where.  She's
injected herself with something that has suppressed the effects.
Apart from that and the fact that Tenchi's room was empty, everything
else seemed to be, well…normal.

****

    About 2 hours later, Tenchi and Aeryn had just left the house and
were walking along the street.  Though, what they didn't know was
that within a shadow, that same dark figure was intently watching
them both.  After a few seconds, he was gone again.  While they were
walking, Aeryn suddenly looked uneasy.  This made Tenchi concerned.
    "What is it?"  He asked and she slowly looked up at him; there
was worry in her eyes.
    "It feels…like we're being watched."  Aeryn finally said, looking
around but only saw a few bystanders wondering the street but none
were watching them.  These emotions suddenly got the better of her
and she found herself throwing her arms around the unsuspecting
Tenchi.  He was startled but she was too anxious to notice.  "Before
yesterday, I was *never* like this…I don't know what's gotten over
me."  She let out with insecurity in her voice.  It was more than
clear that after feeling this for a second time she would need a
little reassurance, so Tenchi just placed his arms around her.  It
just occurred to him what Ryoko/Ayeka would think of this but for
some reason he just didn't care.  After a few seconds, they both
slowly separated.
    "Coming?"  Tenchi asked, breaking the silence.
    "Oh…oh yeah.  Lets go."  She responded, as she came back to
reality.  They continued almost as if nothing happened.  As the two
were walking, Aeryn turned to Tenchi.
    "You know what happened yesterday…I felt someone following us and
we noticed those hooligans."  Tenchi nodded.  "Well it's just that…"
her voice grew cold.  "I assumed it was them…but I felt the same
thing just there.  It's like I can feel a shadow hovering over us,
following us, watching us…maybe we should just…"
    "Don't finish that sentence."  Tenchi quickly cut her off.  "If
someone is out there, we have to show them that we are brave enough
and strong enough to walk around freely…and *not* hide."  Tenchi
explained in a stern but encouraging voice.  She quietly giggled to
herself.
    "You always seem to know the right thing to say, don't you?"  She
replied to the encouraging words that Tenchi said.  Within a shadow,
the dark figure appeared near Tenchi and Aeryn.
    "Yes, typical Jurian; wanting to face the danger head on."  He
spoke with a deep, fairly rough voice.  "How brave…or should I say,
how foolish.  The time is almost here…and you will be mine."  He
finished with a sinister laugh and although Aeryn didn't hear it but
somehow it did make her shudder slightly in fear.

****

    The two of them spent about four hours looking around and Tenchi
was still finding things that were new to him.  When Aeryn realized
the time, it was surprising how much time had passed but it was time
for Tenchi to return home.  They were in a quiet area, a small swing
park that was empty.  Aeryn decided to separate here because she
thought it was peaceful and appropriate for saying goodbye.
    "So, I guess this is goodbye then."  Aeryn said, hesitantly.
    "Yeah, I guess so."  Tenchi replied and she just sighed.  As he
walked away, it dawned on him that this is the second time that
someone has left her in that short time.  Because of this he turned
back round.  "Aeryn, before I go…I need to tell you something."  He
started.
    "Huh, what?"  She let out in response.
    "I need to say that…" Hesitating as he thought of the others back
home.
    "What is it?"
    "I have to tell you that…I'll be back for you someday."
    "You mean it?" She asked and his look turned serious.
    "I promise."  He responded with strong sincerity and looked into
her eyes.  Along with the seriousness she noticed that there was
sadness present as well.  After this, he simply turned and continued
walking.  For all she knew, he may not fulfill the promise…or more to
the point, he may not be able to.
    Aeryn just stood there and watched as he slowly moved further and
further away.  <He's going away…I don't know if I'm even going to see
him again.  What am I going to do now; if only he didn't live so far
away I would be able to... > She gave up that thought as her feelings
started to overwhelm her and felt her eyes hurt as tears were about
to form.  Then without warning, that dark feeling returned and was
stronger than ever.  This immediately replaced her feeling of sadness
with a feeling of panic.
    "Tenchi!"  But he didn't hear her so she started to run after
him.  She stopped when her eyes focused on a shaded area near Tenchi
when she saw movement there.  "Tenchi, look out!"  She tried again
but it appeared to be successful this time.
    "Huh."  Tenchi murmured but before he knew what was going on,
something struck him from behind and he was thrown forward.  Ryo-ohki
managed to jump out of Tenchi's arms in time.  He then hit the ground
and slid a few meters.  Aeryn looked upon this in shock.  <Oh no, I
was too late…and I started to think it was just my imagination.  >
    "Ryo-ohki, get out of here…save your self."  Tenchi said with a
great deal of urgency in his voice.  The cabbit miya'd as if to
question this.  "No Ryo-ohki, I can take care of my self…now go!"  He
tried again as he started to get up.  She looked at him and after
some hesitation, she got her self to run away.  The little cabbit
continued running until she saw Aeryn standing there and started to
try to get her to follow.
    "You want me to go somewhere?"  Aeryn asked and Ryo-ohki miya'd
in response.  She started to run and Aeryn followed.  <I suspected
that it wasn't just a plushy…I see I was right.  > She smiled at this
thought.
    Tenchi was back on his feet again and was facing his nemesis at
last.
    "Hmmm…I was expecting a little more of the legendary Jurian
prince."  He started.  It was Hadess; the one that captured the
Equinox and has arrived on Earth.  At this point, it was apparent as
to why he went to earth, to get to Tenchi.
    "I'm stronger than you think…I defeated Kagato!"  Tenchi bellowed
at him but he just laughed mockingly.  "Hey, what's so funny?!"  He
insisted.
    "You see, Kagato was one of us.  Though he was significantly
*less* powerful than the rest of us."  Hadess explained.  "But then
again, we never saw him after he went into that pathetic academy."
    "What are you saying?  Are you telling me that Kagato was *weak*
compared to you…errr, and what do you mean 'the rest of us'?" <I
don't like this.  If he's right then he's more powerful than Kagato,
a lot more…and others like him?  Well, here goes nothing.  >  Tenchi
commenced powering up.
    "Do you really think you are powerful enough to even harm me?"
He mused with overconfidence.
    "We'll see."  Tenchi answered back.


    Ryo-ohki jumped into the air, transformed into her spaceship
form, and transported Aeryn up.  She flew away into the horizon and
Aeryn was simply confused.
    "This is definitely weird.  Oh well, better play along…where are
we going?"  She asked.  One of the crystals next to her lit up and
she noticed text on it so she started to read.  <We're going home…to
warn the others.  >  It suddenly dawned on her.  "Of course, you're
going to Tenchi's home to tell the ones there that he's in danger."
The cabbit ship miya'd in confirmation.


    Tenchi was just about ready to fight and Hadess just stood there
watching.  <Damn, he's too calm, what is he hiding.  Or maybe he's
just a little overconfident…yes, I'm ready.  > He thought to himself,
as he was finally ready.  Tenchi clenched his hands into fists, fumed
then charged straight towards his nemesis and attempted to strike
him.  Hadess was too fast and was able to easily avoid the attack.
He turned round to face him again.  <Man he's fast…I'll have to
sacrifice some strength for speed so I can at least hit him.  >
Hadess then aimed his hand at the prince.
    "Uh oh."  Tenchi let out as he jumped out the way just in time to
avoid an explosion.  He desperately jumped and ducked back and
forward to keep clear of the energy Hadess's energy blasts.  The
firing stopped and Tenchi was standing there out of breath.
    "Come on please don't tell me that's all you've got."  Hadess
added and actually sounded a little disappointed.
    <I can't win like this.  I'll have to take the fight to
him…somehow.  >  "I'm not finished quite yet!"  Tenchi returned but
then he leaped out the way and barely avoided another energy blast.
He then jumped from side to side; avoiding blasts and gradually got
closer and closer.  Hadess clenched his fist as Tenchi closed in and
swung but only to hit air…he had vanished.
    "Huh…what?"  The nemesis let out just before Tenchi appeared
behind him and struck him with everything he had.  Hadess went
crashing to his knees and he grimaced for a moment.  To Tenchi's
surprise this quickly became a smirk.  "If only you didn't resist,
you would have been spared from any suffering…now you will have to
face the consequences."  Hadess explained surprisingly calmly then
got back to his feet.  "By the way, if that's all you got…you can
always surrender."  He commented with amusement.
    "Surrender to you…no way!"  Tenchi exclaimed with anger at the
fact he could be easily outclassed here.  He growled under his breath
and attacked again but Hadess just caught his fist.  His expression
then turned serious.
    "Now it's my turn…don't say I didn't warn you."  He mused then
grabbed Tenchi's arm with his free hand.  He pulled at his arm and
swung Tenchi like a rag doll and when Hadess let go, he flew at high
speed and smashed into a wall.  The dust cleared to reveal him
imbedded in the wall and he then plummeted to the ground.  As he
desperately struggled to his knees, his forehead was bleeding heavily
and was grimacing at the pain he was in.  It looked like he wouldn't
be able to get up, let alone fight.  The nemesis walked up to the now
helpless prince, aimed his left hand at him and then some force
lifted him of the ground.
    "Pitiful Jurian, you were no match for me but for some reason you
still wanted to fight."  Hadess said as he started to create an
energy ball in his right hand, which was then aimed at Tenchi and
fired.

    Onboard Ryo-ohki, it was like Aeryn sensed this somehow.
    "Tenchi, no!!"  She cried out in desperation and went to her
knees, looking down at the floor.  "Tenchi…no."  She repeated quietly
to herself and grimaced at the thought of what could be happening.
After a moment, she suddenly raised her head.  "Increase speed, get
there as fast as you possibly can!"  She demanded.  <Don't die on me
Tenchi!  >


    Back where Tenchi was, Hadess walked over to him and placed a
small flat circular device on his right shoulder.  He then pressed a
button on the device on his left wrist.
    "I've got him."  He said and a voice sounded.
    "His condition?"  The voice asked.
    "Well, he's alive if that's what you're asking."  At this, a sigh
was heard.
    "And I thought we agreed that he was *not* to be harmed."
    "He *did* resist after all…so I had to use force."  His lie was
so transparent that the one at the other end didn't buy it for a
second.
    "He was no threat to you and you know it!  You could easily have
disabled him without causing any serious damage."  He said with clear
irritation in his voice and Hadess looked at the limp Tenchi for a
few seconds.
    "Well let's see…some bumps and bruises, a few broken ribs…and
maybe a concussion.  Nothing you can't fix, so don't worry."
    "I really wish you would take this more seriously."  He commented
but it was futile.  "Right, I have your coordinates.  I'm
transporting you to the shuttle now."
    "Acknowledged."  Hadess replied and a green light started to
engulf the two of them then with a flash, they were gone.
    Not far from NY, there was some activity underwater.  The surface
started to darken and became very turbulent.  Something then exploded
out of the water…it was the shuttle and it started to ascend.  Since
the Equinox was at the opposite side of the planet, it would take a
while longer to get back.

****

    Ryo-ohki miya'd and one of the crystals translated it.  "We're
almost there, just a few more minutes."  Aeryn smiled at this but it
looked pretty shallow as other emotions were still overwhelming her.
Her already weak smile eventually faded and she sighed.  The house
entered their view and Ryo-ohki dematerialized then appeared in her
cabbit form beside Aeryn on the ground, close to the house.  Ayeka
and Sasami were not long up and were in the kitchen when they heard
Ryo-ohki.  At this, they both hastily ran outside, the one with Ryo-
ohki was in fact not Tenchi but some girl instead, and they seemed to
be worried about something.
    "What's wrong…and more importantly, where's Tenchi?"  Ayeka
asked.  Aeryn seemed to grimace slightly and this made it clear as to
what happened.  "Oh no, what happened?"  Ayeka continued, sounding
worried.
    "I was with Tenchi…and I felt someone was stalking us.  I should
have known."  Aeryn was trying to explain but felt uneasy.
    "Go on, you can tell us."  Sasami added, hoping to provide
reassurance.
    "What should you have known?"  Ayeka said so that Aeryn continue
where she left off.
    "I should have known there was someone there but I shrugged it
off.  When Tenchi was walking away, I…I saw him."  She continued to
try explaining.
    "Saw who?"  Ayeka couldn't help asking.
    "The one who was stalking us…he attacked Tenchi.  Tenchi then
told her (pointing to the little cabbit) to leave.
    "Oh, Ryo-ohki."  Sasami let out.
    "She turned into…some kind of spaceship and…transported me
onboard then came here.  That's all I know."  She finished
explaining.  "I bet that last part sounds ridicules to you doesn't
it."
    "In fact, it doesn't…we actually face this kind of thing quite a
lot."  Sasami commented.  With all these things getting to Aeryn as
well as all the 'new' things, she suddenly felt faint and passed out.
The two princesses sighed in unison.
    "Oh well, looks like we'll have to carry her into the house."
They proceeded to lift her up and take her inside.

****

    Though in Washu's lab, she was back to work and her condition
seemed to have improved…at least for the time being.  While she was
working on the holotop, she noticed something.
    "Huh…what's this?"  She checked it out and after some work,
realized it was a proximity alert.  There was a ship in orbit that
just entered a specific range.  "I better tell someone."  She said to
herself as she dashed for the door.  Ayeka and Sasami just placed the
unconscious Aeryn on the couch as the closet door burst open.
    "Ayeka, I found something you should know."  Washu said with
clear urgency her voice.
    "What?"  Ayeka returned.
    "A ship has entered orbit and set off the proximity sensors I set
up not long ago."  Washu explained.
    "Perhaps the one that attacked Tenchi came from that ship."
Ayeka thought aloud.  "So maybe we could find him on that ship up
there."  The other two looked in agreement.  "Then it's agreed…we
leave as soon as we're ready."  She concluded…


Author's notes:  Well, what can I say?  I hope you've enjoyed this
fic so far because if you have, then I've achieved something here.
If you've read and liked the first two parts, you won't want to miss
the following parts of the story.  Oh yeah, please tell me what you
think about the new character, Aeryn.

On the next part, a few of the Masaki residents battle their way to
the Equinox to save Tenchi.  During the mission, they face
unimaginable difficulty that eventually asks the question "Will they
succeed in their mission?" or more to the point "Will any of them
even make it out of this alive?"  So, it's all or nothing on the next
part of CV Tenchi Muyo!

Part three:  Endgame

