~What am I worried about Ryoko will be just fine~ *sigh* Tenchi walked 
up to his room with his back hunched over and climbed into bed. 

********************

~ Ayeka's asleep~ Sasami slowly crept out of her pallet on the floor and 
snuck out the door. She started to walk down the stairs when she bumped 
into Keone. 
"Whoa!" yelled Keone dropping a cup of hot tea. Sasami flew back on the 
top step. 
"Ahh! Keone you scared me. What are you doing up so late?" Sasami 
questioned while trying to get up. 
"I couldn't sleep," Keone replied.
"You couldn't sleep either?"
"I was just worried so I decided to stay up," Sasami walked downstairs and 
into the kitchen, Keone picked up the cup and followed Sasami. 
"Want to go check on Ryoko?"
"Sure, but I think we'd better clean up the tea I spilled first," Keone said 
grabbing a towel and walking back to the spot where she spilled the tea.
"OK!" Sasami said gleefully running over to help Keone. Ayeka walked out 
the room sluggishly. 
"What's going on down there?" Ayeka started to yell,  "And why are you up 
so late Sasami? I thought you were in bed."
 "I was worried," Sasami answered in a low voice.
"About what Sasami?" Ayeka inquired. 
"About what happened today," Sasami responded in her normal voice.
Ayeka looked at Sasami and put her hand on Sasami's left shoulder. 
"Everything will be fine. Similar stuff like this happens quite often. So there 
is no need to worry Sasami,"
"Well, I guess you're right"
" Yeah your sister's right everything will be just fine. Now c'mon lets go 
visit Ryoko." Keone said giving Sasami a warm smile. Keone placed the rag 
on the rail and they went into Washu's lab. 
"Who's there?" Washu said floating over to Sasami and the others.
"Sasami was worried and wanted to see Ryoko," Keone said. Washu pushed 
a few buttons on her holo computer and the next thing they knew, they were 
standing right beside Ryoko.
"Ok there she is. I'll be on the other side of the lab working on my new 
invention, so call me if you need me alright!" 
" I wonder what it is?" Ayeka said sarcastically. 
"Oh you'll see," Washu said with an evil grin on her face. Ayeka looked at 
the others and when she looked back up Washu was gone. 
"Huh, where'd she go? Oh well," Ayeka turned to Ryoko. Ryoko's eyes 
tightened. 
"I think I just saw Ryoko move you guys," Ayeka said happily. Ryoko 
groaned and put her hand on her head. 
"What happened?" Ryoko said sitting up.
"Why are you holding your head Ryoko? I thought your side was injured, I 
guess you got a headache from when you crashed into that tree and hit your 
big head!" Ayeka said then laughed out loud.
"Ayeka this is no time to start a fight. Ryoko is hurt!" Sasami scolded.
"I guess your right, but she had it coming!"
"Ayeka!" Sasami and Keone said in unison.
"Oh, all right" Ayeka said turning away with a worried look on her face.
"Ryoko what's wrong? Should I call Washu?" Keone asked Ryoko. Ryoko 
didn't answer she just starred at the floor holding her head.
"Little Washu!" Keone called out, " little Washu! Little Washuuuuuuuuu!" 
she called again.
"Yes, yes, what is it? You don't have to yell you know. I'm right here!" 
Washu said standing behind them, typing on her holo computer.
"We were worried about Ryoko. She just sits here holding her head," Keone 
answered.
"Hmm. Oh that's nothing I thought it was something serious!" Washu 
responded not taking her eyes off her computer.
"I thought she was shot in her side. So why is she holding her head?" Keone 
questioned turning her attention from Ryoko to Washu.
"Because I gave her a very strong pain killer I created, so the pain would go 
away,"
"Then why is she still holding her head?" Sasami said looking confused. 
Washu looked up.
"Because her head hurts, why else?" 
"I thought you gave her pain killer?" Keone said also looking confused.
"I did," Washu answered growing impatient.
"Then why does her head still hurt?" Keone asked looking even more 
confused.
"Agh! Your all starting to sound like Mihoshi! Wouldn't you have a head 
ache from crashing into a tree?" Washu cried out!
"Yes little Washu, I would, but that still doesn't answer why she still has a 
head ache," Ayeka said. 
"Little Washu, what they are trying to say is, if you gave her some pain 
killer, then why does her head still hurt?" Mihoshi corrected them as she 
walked into the lab rubbing her eyes. Washu looked at Mihoshi then blinked 
twice.
"What are you doing up so late?" Keone said now looking at Mihoshi. 
Mihoshi cried, ran over to Keone, and rubbed her face into Keone's 
stomach.
"I had a nightmare Keone," Mihoshi cried.
 "Ahhh let go of me Mihoshi!" Keone yelled trying to pry off Mihoshi. 
Mihoshi hugged her tighter and kept crying and winning.
"Hey, and how do you keep doing that?" Washu said obviously surprised 
and confused all at once.
"Doing what?" Mihoshi said as she stopped crying and looked over at 
Washu. 
"Getting into my lab!"
"I umm, used the door," Mihoshi responded pointing to where the door had 
disappeared. Keone stepped to the other side of Sasami. 
"But how? We traveled through suto space,"
"Well umm, I opened the door and walked in,"
"I would at least expect a scientific genius like you to figure that out 
Washu!" Ayeka said in her normal voice.
"You're lucky I don't feel like changing you into a frog for saying that!" 
Washu said giving Ayeka an evil look. Ayeka quickly turned away. ~I 
should have known better~ Ayeka thought. "And since you all wanted to 
know so bad, the pain killer was for all pains except for headaches and 
stomach aches! Any more questions?"
"Yes little Washu, as a matter of fact, I have a question," Sasami said 
looking at Washu. ~Well I won't have to worry about this one asking any 
stupid questions. She seems to have the most sense around here~ Washu 
thought smiling at Sasami.
"Yes Sasami, what is it?"
"Why didn't you just give her some medicine for her headache?" Washu's 
mouth dropped. *sweat drop*
"Hmm. I didn't think of that. Well, I can do that right now!" Washu yelled 
as she pushed a few buttons on her holo computer. All of the sudden, a small 
bottle with a picture of a crab appeared in front of her. She opened the small 
bottle and popped out two white pills in the palm of her hand. To her 
surprise, when she turned to face Ryoko, Ryoko was gone.

I don't own any of these characters, just the idea, and I'm not making any 
money off this story.





Ok so this chapter was kinda short too. So how was it did you like it. I don't 
mind if your comment is not complementing my story because you are 
entitled to your opinion. (Not very many people read the last chapter, or 
maybe not very many people liked it because I only got on comment) Well 
gotta go bye!


Comments:
WaterDragon2228
 
The second chapter is good i read it twice. Please continue the great writing. :) 
 
Amanda

