Tenchi stood there wishing he could do something to help the others. 
He watched on as Mihoshi and Keone struggled to help the others. Tenchi 
looked to his side, he couldn't stop thinking about Ryoko and the others. He 
saw Ryoko slowly but surely dying in Sasami's arms. He tried as hard as he 
could to help, but it was no use, he couldn't. It seemed as if no one noticed 
him, as if no one knew he was there. He looked around, something was 
missing. He just couldn't think of it at the moment, then it hit him. Washu 
and Ayeka were missing, but where were they? Sasami dragged Ryoko into 
Uagami and mihohshi and Keone started back to the ship as they held off 
some kind of demons. Tenchi looked on in confusion ~ Why are they 
leaving without Ayeka and Washu? They must already be in the ship~

 " Mihoshi, on the count of three run back to Uagami ok! 1…2.."

 " Wait a minute Keone, I'm not leaving without you!" 
" Mihoshi, would you just go I'll be right behind you alright" 
"But Keone,"They both ran out of bullets and started running back to the 
ship.
 " What is it now?" 
" What happens if they follow us back to our ship Keone?" Mihoshi wined. 
"I don't know yet well just have to"Keone was cut off when she got shot 
in the back. Keone fell to the ground.
"Keone! Keone speak to me Please! Don't die on me Keone!" Mihoshi cried 
out trying to help Keone up. 
"Run Mihoshi leave me here save your self!" Keone choked out. 
"No Keone I won't leave you! I won't just leave you here to die Keone I 
won't!" " No, don't be stupid Mihoshi! Run, save your self before it's too 
late!" But it was too late Mihoshi had already been shot. Mihoshi dropped to 
the floor, she turned to Keone 
"I know that you may not want me as a partner Keone" Mihoshi said with 
tears flowing down her cheeks "but you will always be my partner no matter 
what. Good-bye Keo..ne," Mihoshi's voice faded, and with this she died.

"That's not true," Keone responded. She smiled and a tear rolled down her 
face, then she to died. As Tenchi looked on he could feel a tear roll down his 
cheek too. Tenchi just couldn't take it any more. He struggled even harder to 
break loose of whatever was keeping him in that one spot. He tried to turn 
his head, but couldn't, he was forced to watch. This was killing him to watch 
this. Just as he thought it couldn't possibly get any worse, Sasami walked 
out the door
 "Mihoshi, Keone, Ryoko just- huh ... oh Mihoshi, Keone, you're hurt!" 
Sasami, not knowing they were dead, rushed over to see if they were all 
right. Sasami gasped when she saw two large pools of blood. She was so 
shocked, that when she saw the strange demon creatures speeding towards 
her, she did nothing accept scream. Tenchi was surprised to see the demons 
stopped right in front of her. Sasami stood there wondering why they 
stopped and if she should run. ~I should run~ she thought, and as soon as 
she turned around to run back to the ship, the demon sliced her in half. 
Blood flew everywhere, including Tenchi's face. 
"Noooooo Sasami!" Tenchi cried out! The weird demon creatures then went 
into the spaceship Uagami. Tenchi continued to watch ~ I wonder why 
they're going into Uagami~ he thought, and then he remembered. ~Ryoko~ 
For a while there was silence, but it was soon broken by Ryoko's scream. 
All the sudden Tenchi was set free. He ran to the space ship as fast as he 
could but found nothing. Nothing except Ryoko's body. As he looked closer 
he saw that her head had been removed. Tenchi closed his eyes and began to 
cry even harder; and to his surprise when he opened his eyes………


He found that he was in his room. Tenchi sighed with relief.
 "Ahh it was just a dream. So much for that, I can't wait to find out what's 
for breakfast." Tenchi quickly hopped out of bed and headed for the door 
when he realized it was still nighttime. Realizing this, he carefully tiptoed 
into the kitchen and sifted through the refrigerator.  He noticed two pieces of 
fruit and grabbed them both. He then carefully placed the two pieces of fruit 
into his pocket. ~I think I'll go outside and get some fresh air~ Then the 
nightmare popped into his head. Tenchi quivered at the thought and quickly 
tossed it aside. Suddenly another idea popped into his head ~Maybe I could 
go up stairs and see Ryoko~ Tenchi thought about it, then shook his head 
~ what am I thinking~ Tenchi walked out side and glanced at the roof only 
to find Ryoko, starring at the moon.  
 "Hey Ryoko!  What are you doing out here this late?  Shouldn't you be in 
bed?" Tenchi yelled waving his hand vigorously. Ryoko looked down at him 
and smiled, her eyes grew wide and filled with excitement. Did Tenchi come 
all the way out here to see me~ 
"Tenchiiiii" Ryoko said as she quickly flew down and clung to Tenchi's 
neck. "Ryoko, you're twisting my neck" Tenchi said wishing he never called 
her in the first place. Ryoko looked at him and smiled sheepishly. 
"I'm sorry my Tenchi. Does it feel better now?" she said rubbing his neck.
 " Ryoko would you stop it!" Tenchi yelled "what if one of the others see us 
together like this?" 
"Then let em' watch Tenchi. Come on lets go have some fun Tenchi just you 
and me. We can runaway together with not a thing in the world to stand in 
our way. Doesn't that sound fun Tenchi?" Ryoko wined " and plus none of 
the others won't wake up if you would just stop yelling" 
"No it doesn't sound fun at all!"  Ryoko was shocked and let go, a tear rolled 
down her cheek. Tenchi was so mad that he paid no attention.  She stood 
there and continued to listen. " You make me so damn angry! Why can't you 
act more civilized? I wish you never came here! It would make my life so 
much easier." This was tearing her apart she couldn't stand it, but she 
continued to listen. There was a moment of silence. "Why can't you be more 
like, like Ayeka?" Tenchi turned around and walked back into the house 
leaving Ryoko outside alone once again. Ryoko just stood there starring at 
the spot where Tenchi stood. Tenchi stomped up into his room and ate his 
two pieces of fruit ~Maybe I was a little too hard on her, but she has to learn 
the meaning of no! I still feel bad though; I'll just apologize when I wake up. 
She'll probably just forget about tonight, and she'll be in my room waiting 
for me to wake up, like always  ~ Tenchi thought no further of it and went to 
sleep. Ryoko stood in that very same spot all night not moving an inch. 
Tenchi's words kept replaying in Ryoko's mind. 

*********

Tenchi awoke to a startling surprise Ryoko wasn't there to greet him. 
~That's odd~ he thought falling back to sleep.

An hour later,

 "Ok everyone, breakfast is ready!" Sasami called cheerfully. 
" Good morning Sasami!" Tenchi said rushing down stairs. 
"Why are you in such a rush Tenchi?" Sasami questioned.
 "Because I'm going to be late and I have a really big test today! I'm sorry, 
but I think I'm going to have pass up on breakfast today. Bye Sasami!"
" Good luck on your test" Sasami yelled. "Bye Tenchi" Sasami sighed. 
Right after Tenchi left everyone else came out of their rooms.
 "Good morning Sasami" everyone said. 
" Huh where's Ryoko?" Sasami looked worried. 
" You know Ryoko, she's probably in he room snoring" Ayeka teased. 
"Well I guess you're right," Sasami said looking at the floor then back at 
Ayeka. 

*********

Tenchi ran out the out the door~ oh boy I'd better hurry before I miss the 
bus~ Tenchi suddenly stopped in his tracks 
"Ryoko." Tenchi dropped his briefcase and ran over to Ryoko. "Ryoko 
are you ok," Tenchi said studying her. Ryoko didn't respond. ~She's in 
shock. She must have stood out here all night~ Tenchi kneeled down and 
picked her up to bring her inside. ~She's as cold as ice. This is all my fault if 
I hadn't yelled at her this would have never had happened. I just hope she's 
all right ~Ryoko looked at Tenchi then fainted. Tenchi noticed this and 
began to run. Tenchi burst through the door and ran over to Washu. 
"Tenchi where's the fire?"  Then she looked at Ryoko, Washu gasped. 
"What happened?!" Tenchi began to explain, but Washu cut him off. " We 
have to get her into the lab quick!"

  *********

"Where am I?" Ryoko said sitting up and looking around. 
"Where else would you be in my lab silly," Washu said giving her a 
concerned look.
 "Ryoko!" Tenchi smiled. Ryoko looked away.
"Well she's all better now!" Ayeka said.
"Yep, she'll be ok" Washu assured them.
"Then lets go everybody!" Sasami said holding Mayuka's hand.
"Is mommy alwight" Mayuka obviously worried.
"Yeah Mayuka Ryoko is, fine thanks to Tenchi that is," Washu said looking 
at Tenchi. Mayuka and Sasami left the lab.   
 "Thanks to Tenchi we brought you in before you got really sick!" 
"I thought I couldn't get sick! He should have just left me! I liked it better 
outside!" Ryoko said coldly. 
"Maybe me and Mayuka should leave?"
"That's a good idea Sasami. You and Mayuka go into the living room the 
rest of us will be with you shortly." Tenchi looked at Ryoko ~ could I have 
hurt her that much ~ 
"Ryoko I'm s" 
"Don't even bother because I'm never speaking to you again!" Ryoko yelled 
as she stormed out the lab. Tenchi followed. Washu was curious.  She tried 
to talk to Ryoko through the link, but it was blocked off. Washu, Mihoshi, 
Keone, and Ayeka all stood there and watched Tenchi chase after Ryoko. 
Ryoko flew into her room and began to cry in her pillow. There was a knock 
at the door. Ryoko sat up. 
"Go away!" she shouted.
"Ryoko I'm sorry!" Tenchi yelled. Ryoko phased out of her room and into a 
tree. Tenchi turned around and saw everyone starring at him. 

I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters only the idea. I am not 
making any money off of this story.


So, how'd you like it? Email me and tell me at RyokosL@aol.com. This is 
my first fanfic. So, be nice! Should I finish this story? Well, if you have any 
ideas, please send them to me because I'm out. I'll be sure to give you credit 
ok bye!  
