Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC save 
those created by me.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not express 
the views of Pioneer, or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! Dreams of Yesterday  
Part1: Till Tomorrow Comes 

	In a distant place a woman sits on a simple bed.  In her lap is a picture 
with a tarnished silver frame.  One corner of the photo has been discolored by 
time and is torn.  The old glass has begun to cloud and a spider web of cracks 
covers it.  The picture below shows friends and family gathered around a new 
mother and father.  The people in the picture look so happy and the clear spring 
morning was captured for all time.  This is a far contrast from its current 
surroundings.  Now the universe is a place of constant darkness and chaos.  Now 
little remains of that happy family, much less the father and child.  If only 
those days could return, was wished as a tear fell onto the broken glass.  So 
much had been lost.  
	"I need your help," comes a voice from the doorway.  The woman places the 
picture on the bed and walks away.  She glances back at the photo through teary 
eyes.  Those days seem to be such a distant memory.

	"Where is Ryoko!" screamed Ayeka as Sasami looked on.  For the past half 
hour she had been looking for Ryoko, who was nowhere to be found.  The fact was 
that she did not need Ryoko for anything at all.  Tenchi was missing, and Ryoko 
was the most likely suspect for his disappearance.  This was something that the 
princess could not tolerate.  
	"I will reseal her in that damned cave if I have to!" said the frustrated 
princess.  
	"Ayeka, calm down, please," begged Sasami as Ayeka plopped down on the 
couch.  
	"How can I be calm when that she-devil is trying to seduce my Lord 
Tenchi!" said Ayeka as she crossed her arms.  "Just because she dragged him back 
to this dimension does not give her sole rights to his affections," pouted 
Ayeka.  Sasami could tell that nothing could change her sisters' mood short of 
Tenchi proposing to her on the spot.  
	"Lets go Ryo-ohki," said Sasami, shaking her head.  The little cabbit 
meowed and followed her friend back to the kitchen.  
	As Ayeka pouted a tear ran down her cheek.  'Maybe,' she thought, 
'Maybe.'  All became clear to her and dashed out of the house.  Sasami looked 
around the corner, wondering what all the commotion was about.  What she found 
was an empty room and the back door standing wide open.
	"Ayeka?" she asked into the void.  The only reply was the sound of the 
wind and a wisp of cherry blossoms.
 
	Ryoko smiled as the warm spring sun played across her face.  The cherry 
trees were in full bloom and she loved the smell of their sweet blossoms.  She 
ran a hand through her powder blue hair as she watched the clouds play across 
the sky.  She giggled imagining the shapes of Ryo-ohki and Sasami float 
effortlessly across the sky.  Only to be that free, she thought.
	"Hold still now," ordered Tenchi, who was sketching busily.  Ryoko resumed 
her pose, after sticking her tongue out at him.  Tenchi smiled at her gesture 
and kept sketching.  "I'll never finish if you keep moving," he said feigning 
annoyance.  Ryoko seemed different since his return from Haruna's world.  She 
acted like she trusted him implicitly.  His pencil made a scratching sound as it 
repeatedly crossed the paper, capturing her lines and curves.  'If I could only 
draw my feelings,' Tenchi thought.  
	"There," he said placing the final touches on the sketch.  Before he could 
show off his handy work Ryoko phased in behind him.  
	"Let me see," she said playfully as she wrapped her arms around his neck.  
Tenchi blushed as Ryoko propped her chin on his shoulder.  "I love it," she said 
as she examined the portrait.  It was an amazing resemblance she thought. 
Tenchi's pencil had seemingly captured her spirit, her love for life.  Ryoko 
felt that a bit of her and Tenchi was alive in the drawing.
	"You have a wonderful talent," she said as she shifted around to sit 
beside him.  "Sign it."
	"What?" asked Tenchi looking a little confused.
	"I want you to sign it.  All artists sign their work."  Tenchi shrugged 
and scribbled his name down the side just before Ryoko took the sketchbook from 
him. 
	"I'll keep this forever," she said carefully removing the page from the 
book.  Tenchi smiled and looked into her golden eyes.  'No picture that I can 
draw can do you justice,' he thought to himself.  His drawing seemed to give 
Ryoko this much joy.  He was amazed that something this simple could bring Ryoko 
so much pleasure. 'I have to tell her,' he thought to himself. 
	"Ryoko," he began.  
	"Yes," she whispered.  After a moment of silence they leaned closer.  His 
arms found hers and time began to stand still. Just as their lips touched, all 
hell broke loose.  

	"I knew that I would find that devil-woman trying to seduce you 
Lord Tenchi!" said an infuriated Ayeka, and it would take a miracle to calm her 
down. The war maybe ending, but Ayeka was determined to fight to the man. 
	"Now calm down, Ayeka," said Tenchi rubbing his head.  When 
Ayeka had found him and Ryoko in near embrace Tenchi had fallen off the stone 
that he and Ryoko had been sitting on.  
	"Be calm, how can I be calm!  She was going to defile you!" screamed 
Ayeka, waving her hands frantically.  "She is beneath a person of your status," 
finished Ayeka, looking down on Ryoko.  She honestly believed what she had just 
said.  "I will not let Lord Tenchi fall victim to a person of such loose morals.  
Honestly Lord Tenchi, I thought that you were better than this." 
	Now Ryoko's temper was building.  She could only take so much.  To insult 
her was one thing, but to insult Tenchi that was unforgivable.  "Listen 
Princess," she said gritting her teeth.  "You are not Tenchi's lord and master.  
He is not your lap dog and does not have to come running every time you call 
him!  Tenchi is a grown man and does as his heart tells him.  He does not need 
to be reprimanded by a spoiled bitch."  Ryoko's anger was justified.  She 
clenched her fists as the first tear slid down her cheek.  
	"How dare you speak to me in such tones!" snipped Ayeka.  "I am the first 
crowned princess of Jurai, and you will treat me with the respect that such 
royalty demands!"
	"Your royalty all right," interjected Ryoko. "You're a royal pain in my 
ass!"  She wiped the tear away as her eyes narrowed in on Ayeka.  "Now if you do 
not leave me and Tenchi alone, you will regret it."
	"Is that a threat?"
	"No.  It's a promise.  And I keep my promises." With that Ryoko formed her 
energy sword.  Instantly Ayeka summoned her guardians.  Dozens of small logs 
floated around her as her headpiece began to glow.  Raw energy crackled through 
the air as they both took offensive stances.
	"Ayeka!  Ryoko!  Calm down!  Listen to me please!  Both of you!" begged 
Tenchi.  While Ayeka and Ryoko traded insults Tenchi had been trying his best to 
ease the situation.   Neither one of them had heard a word of what he had been 
saying.  His words of reason were lost to them.  
	"Die demon!" screamed Ayeka, lunging toward Ryoko as Ryoko started towards 
Ayeka.  That's when Tenchi stopped them.  Both of them were frozen in their 
tracks.

	"Now that I've got your attention, listen."  They both looked at him, 
rubbing their cheeks and feeling a little bit ashamed.  
	"I thought that the two of you were better than this, but I guess I was 
wrong."  Tenchi breathed deeply as he ran a hand through his hair.  "When you 
two get angry you loose control, and sight of any reason."  Ayeka and Ryoko knew 
the truth in what he was saying.
	"Ayeka I appreciate your concern for me, but I was not in danger.  You 
have to understand that I will not just vanish every time you lose sight of me.  
And please, its hurts me every time you insult Ryoko like that.  The same goes 
for you, Ryoko. No more insults please, for my sake."  Ayeka started to say 
something but Tenchi continued on.   
	"And Ryoko, I appreciate you standing up for what you feel, but I can 
speak for myself.  Ayeka was just concerned, but that doesn't justify her 
actions, or yours.  If either you of had been listening to me in the first 
place, you wouldn't be standing there holding your faces now.  You could have 
killed one another just then.  Would you really be happy if the other was dead?  
Is that what you want?  Answer me."  
	They just stood there.  Ryoko tried to say something, but she could not 
form the words.  All she could answer him with was tears.  
	"I love the both of you...but not in the same way."  These words pierced 
their hearts.  Feelings of jealousy and doubt arose in each of them as they 
imagined Tenchi in the others arms.  
	 "If some one ever harmed either of you I would hunt them down across time 
and space.  Now how do you think I would feel if you killed each other?  Would 
that really make me love you more than the one lying dead?  Would that me happy, 
that you killed each other to prove your love for me? Not to sound selfish here, 
but think of that the next time you try to kill each other."
	"What are you saying, Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka, tears welling in her 
eyes.  Ryoko felt the same way, but she could not speak.  
	"I am saying that we all need think about what has happened here today, 
and how we will live tomorrow as a result of it.  We all need to grow up a 
little."  
	With that he picked up his sketchbook and walked towards the shrine.  
Ayeka started after him, but ran down the hill in tears, leaving Ryoko alone in 
the clearing.  She phased in on top of the rock she had been posing on earlier.  
She looked at her portrait lying on the ground.  It had been smudged when Ayeka 
startled them.  She pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around 
them, and cried.  She did not cry over the picture, but over what had just 
happened.  For the first time she realized how much her fighting with Ayeka hurt 
Tenchi.  To her it was nothing because she knew that Ayeka couldn't really hurt 
her, save giving a nasty bruise or two.  But it obviously hurt Tenchi.  She had 
never thought of what he would feel if they had seriously hurt each other.  The 
thought sent a shiver down her spine.  She would never intentionally hurt 
Tenchi, but her fighting had been hurting him unintentionally for years now.  
	Ryoko never made it to dinner that night.  She sat and cried on that rock 
till well past sunset.  She had never imagined how much her fighting with Ayeka 
had hurt Tenchi.  Now she realized the emotional anguish that she had been 
putting him through.  She had hurt the man she loved and she could not bare it. 
All she had ever wanted was to share her affections with Tenchi, but after 
tonight could it still be possible?  Could Tenchi still have any feelings for 
her at all after what she and Ayeka had put him through?  She just did not know. 
Ryoko just sat on that stone, wondering if she had ruined the best thing that 
had ever happened to her.         
	"Maybe I should just leave," she said wiping the tears from her eyes.  
"All I do is cause trouble anyway."  She looked towards the house.  Dinner was 
over by now, and Ryoko figured that she had not been missed.  "There just fine 
without me.  I just need to think," she said to herself as she phased out of 
sight.

	There was an uneasy quietness at dinner that night.  No one dared ask 
about what had transpired on the hill earlier in the day.  Every one just ate, 
not knowing just what to make of things.  Ryoko's absence and Ayeka's demeanor 
said enough about the situation. Ayeka barely touched her food all night.  To 
make matters worse Tenchi didn't even come to dinner.

	"I'm sorry Sasami," he said rubbing his forehead.  "I just don't feel like 
eating right now."  Ever since the afternoon's events he had been suffering from 
a rather painful headache.  Washu had given him some pills, but they just did 
not seem to be doing the job.  "Maybe later."  Sasami sighed as Tenchi shut the 
door to his room. As she headed down the stairs she noticed Ayeka sitting on the 
couch.  In fact she hadn't moved for several hours.  She just sat there staring 
at the lake.
	"Ayeka, its dinnertime," she said.  Ayeka just sat there, as if nothing 
had been said to her. "Where's Ryoko? Didn't you find her earlier?"
	"Yes," replied Ayeka, wiping a tear from her eye.  "I found her."  With 
that Ayeka got up and walked to the table.
	"What's up with her," asked Kiyone as Ayeka sat down at the table.  
	"I dunno," said Mihoshi as she slurped her soup.  Sasami was becoming 
worried about her sister.  Ayeka just played with her food and did not even 
flinch when Mihoshi spilled the soy sauce on her dress.  
	"It's okay," she muttered, wiping the stain.  With Tenchi and Ryoko absent 
and Ayeka's silence, everyone was becoming worried.  Needless to say this was a 
tense dinner.

	"Why do I even bother," thought Ryoko as she sat in her cave.  She had not 
been in this place for over three years.  Not since the day that Tenchi had 
freed her.  Now she found solace in her former prison.  She sat there in the 
darkness trying to sort out her life.
	"I need someone to talk to," she said to her self.  With that she phased 
in two.  The doppelganger looked around for a moment before she realized where 
she was.
	"What's going on?" she asked herself.  "Why did you separate us Ryoko?"
	"Relax Zero, this isn't permanent.  I just need someone to talk to."
	"I see."

	Tenchi lay in his bed staring at the ceiling.  He did not come to dinner, 
even though his headache had finally gone away.  All he could think about was 
what he had done to Ayeka and Ryoko.  He had never struck either of them before, 
much less spoke to them so harshly.  He had tried to reason with them, but in 
their rage they did not hear him.  He panicked.  It was a natural emotion he 
kept telling himself, but he had struck them.  In a flash he had backhanded both 
of them.  What was bothering him the most was the look in their eyes. Every time 
he closed his he could see Ayeka's and Ryoko's eyes staring at him.  They looked 
so hurt, like their whole world had just collapsed around them.  Then he 
realized something: it had.  Both of their lives revolved around him.  They had 
defended him and saved his life countless times before.  They had followed him 
back in time and searched all of Japan to find him.  Now he had destroyed their 
universes.  He thought back to what he had said.
	"I love the both of you, but not in the same way."
	"How could I love either of them and treat them like that?" he asked 
himself.  "How," he mumbled as a tear slid down his face.

	Ayeka had been eves dropping at Tenchi's door.  She hadn't meant to at 
first, she just wanted to check on him. But as she began to leave she heard him 
talk to himself.  Curiosity overcame her and she pressed an ear to the door. 
What she heard broke her heart.  

	"I've got to stop hurting the girls," Tenchi mused out loud.  "I keep 
hurting Ryoko because I haven't told her my true feelings.  The longer I wait, 
the more I hurt her, and Ayeka.  I'm hurting Ayeka because I haven't told Ryoko 
my feelings.  She keeps trying to win my heart, but it is already taken.  I 
can't keep this going.  I love both the girls, and I don't want either of them 
to be unhappy.  I love Ayeka, but not the same way I love Ryoko.  They both mean 
so much to me."

	Ayeka turned her back to the door and slid to the floor.  Her worst fears 
had just been confirmed.  Tenchi loved Ryoko, and not her.  
	"How could I have been so foolish," she started as she began to cry.  
She sat there for a moment until she heard Tenchi get out of bed.  Ayeka 
scrambled down the hall, almost tripping over her own nightshirt.  Tenchi slid 
his door open, looking down the hallway.  He was certain that he had heard some 
one outside his door just then.
	"I need some one to talk to," he thought walking down the stairs. Ayeka 
quietly watched him go down stairs and disappear into Washu's lab.

	"So Tenchi slapped you and now you think that he hates you?" asked Zero, 
looking very confused.  For the past hour she had listened to Ryoko recount the 
days events as if she had not witnessed them herself.  Zero let Ryoko carry on, 
knowing deep down that she had some off the same feelings of doubt.  But unlike 
Ryoko Zero knew that Tenchi would have never stopped them unless he really did 
love them.
	"Basically."
	"How can we be the same person, you and me?" asked Zero shaking her head.  
"Can't you see that Tenchi loves you, as much as we love him?"
	"But he said he loves Ayeka too," replied a tearful Ryoko.  Images of 
Ayeka in Tenchi's arms flashed through her mind, sending more tears down her 
cheeks.
	"Who was he going to kiss before this all started?" asked Zero with 
Ryoko's trademark devilish grin on her face.  
	"He was going to kiss me," she said, her voice trailing off. At that 
moment Ryoko realized how silly she had been acting.
	"Bingo."
	"Lets go," said Ryoko wiping the last tears from her eyes.  Zero nodded 
and the two became one once more. 

	"So that's what's been bugging everyone today," said Washu as she lay back 
onto her tasseled cushion.  "I figured it was some thing along those lines, but 
I just wasn't sure."  She could tell that Tenchi was worried about both of the 
girls, almost to the point of exhaustion.  "They're big girls Tenchi, and they 
can accept your decision," said Washu trying to comfort him.  "Just go to bed 
Lord Tenchi and things will calm down in the morning."
	"That's just it Washu, I can't sleep," he said running a hand through his 
hair.  "Every time I close my eyes I see the girls, and when its not them its," 
he stopped trying to find the words.
	"What is it Tenchi?" she inquired.
	"It's a darkness: a horrible darkness with no light of any kind.  Both of 
the girls are calling to me but I can't see them.  I can't see any thing.  The 
darkness is total, almost evil.  I've never imagined anything as frightening as 
this before in my life."  
	"Its just your nerves Tenchi.  All of this stress is playing with your 
subconscious.  Just try to relax and we'll talk more about this in the morning."  
Washu began wonder if this was related to the temporal anomalies that she had 
monitored earlier in the day.
	"Thank you Little Washu," said Tenchi as he walked out the door.  "I 
appreciate you listening to me."  After Tenchi left Washu returned to her bed, 
but Tenchi's nightmare kept bothering her.  
	"I wonder if they're connected," she mused out loud before falling back to 
sleep.        

	Tenchi was startled to find Ryoko sitting on the couch when he came out of 
Washu's lab.  Even more surprising was that Ayeka was asleep with her head in 
Ryoko's lap.  Quietly Ryoko held a finger to her lips before she carefully laid 
Ayeka's head on a pillow.  She phased out of sight only to appear next to 
Tenchi.  Before he could say anything she wrapped her arms around him and 
teleported the both of them to the roof.  
	"Now where were we," she began as he held her close.
	"I was going to." Tenchi didn't get to finish before Ryoko kissed him. "Do 
that," he smiled.  This time Tenchi kissed her passionately.  He and Ryoko sat 
there in their embrace for what seemed like an eternity.  

	The woman walked into what used to be a place of great discovery.  Now it 
was a refuge of hope.  Hope that the cursed events of the present could be 
erased in the past.  
	"I need your help with the phase converters," said the person at the 
control panel.  This was her place of discovery, or it used to be.  Now it was 
the only place that was safe from the Darkness.  "I only have power for one, 
maybe two more trips.  If things can't be righted in this time, you may be on 
your own."  The woman nodded.  She thought back to the time her picture had been 
taken.  How she held the child that was now lost, along with the man who was its 
father.  She had to succeed, not for her, but for them.  She reached into her 
pocket, and produced a piece of paper.  She carefully unfolded it and looked at 
it. At rare smile crept across her face. 
	"I understand," she said carefully folding the paper.
	"Then lets get to it."

To be continued.

   
