This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).
It is also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and possession of
AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  Kurigaishi (repeat)! The Tenchi Muyo!
Universes and characters are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer.
I do not claim them.  But I wrote the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".
DBZ mentioned in this episode is copyright Toei Animation.

Email: juraijin@email.com
The Dark Jurai Chapter 2
by Timothy Turner
Visit my webpage at www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html

Tenchi followed Washu to her lab with Mayuka on his back in the baby backpack.

"Here we are!" Washu pointed at her machine.  "Now let me lead you to my brain pattern
copying machine to make a backup copy of your brain."  Washu put Mayuka in a floating
transparent baby crib and strapped Tenchi in the machine. "Don't worry."
Washu reassured Tenchi.  "The copying process will take less than 20 seconds."
After the preparations were made, Washu brought up the brain-copying program and
began to copy Tenchi's brain.

It felt so weird to Tenchi.  The feeling of having his brain copied was like
the brain itself scraped out with a heavy, electrical ice cream scoop.  
The sensation went over the muscles in Tenchi's head and did a massage-like
action over his head and neck area.  The feeling intensified in the last few
seconds and ended suddenly.

"All finished!" Washu reported.

"That's it!?!?" Tenchi asked bluntly. "I thought there was more to it!"

"You want to be subjected to more of my machines?" Washu asked. "Alright!"
Washu got an evil grin on her face.

Tenchi cringed. "No thanks."

"Awww.  Too bad."  Washu sighed.  "Well, it is time to implant the Jurai
language as a memory in your head."  Washu prompted Tenchi to follow her
to the other machine.  "The transaction process will take the same amount
of time as the copying process."  Washu strapped Tenchi in to the other machine.

"When will you...GYAH!!!!"  Tenchi reacted violently to the transfer process'
start.  The machine that implanted memories had a sensation opposite to the
extracted them.  It felt like a narrow stream of electrical water was flowing
forcefully into his brain, squishing it as it implanted itself.  It ended like
the extraction process, with a sharp increase and a sudden ending.

As soon as it began, the implantation process was through.

Washu walked up to Tenchi.  "Kyaunnichi wei." Washu said in Jurai (This phrase
means "Hello" in Jurai, which is alarmingly similar to Japanese).

"Dyaumau" Tenchi responded ("Hi").

"It looks like my machine works!" Washu held up the fans with the rising
sun on them and cheered.

"I know...JURAI!!!!!" Tenchi gave Washu a big hug.
"You ARE the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe!"

"I love you, too, Tenchi..." Washu replied.
"I can change to my adult form to make your hug a little more enjoyable." Washu teased.

Tenchi realized what happened and turned loose of Washu.

"Ah, what a world.  I bet you love my daughter better than me..." Washu sighed.

"Really, I thank you from the bottom of my heart, Washu." Tenchi smiled at Washu.

"Tenchi!" came Yosho's voice from the lab's door. "Time to build the shrine!"

Washu smiled back.


Everyone was at Funaho's.  The building materials were ready and everyone began to work.

Mihoshi was hammering some tiny pegs to fasten a board to another and accidentally let
the hammer slip out of her hand.  A direct hit to Kiyone's head.

Kiyone had enough of a bad day to push her over the edge.  She did her
work more aggressively and quickly.

This mess-up of Mihoshi's gave Ryoko an idea.  She decided to "accidentally"
let her hammer slip.  Ryoko hammered pegs into the roof part of the small shrine
and let her hammer slip out of her hand and hit Aeka in the back of head.

Aeka turned.  "Did you happen to lose something, Ryoko?" Aeka growled.

"Who?  Me?" Ryoko asked in a childish voice.  "Why would I do such a thing?"
Ryoko pointed to herself.  Ryoko's eyes lit up.

"LET...ME...RETURN IT TO YOU!" Aeka threw the hammer at Ryoko and barely missed her.

"Oh, help me!" Ryoko cried a fake cry.  "Tenchi!  Aeka wants to bludgeon me to death
with a hammer!  Help the woman you love, Tenchi!" Ryoko ran to Tenchi and hugged him tight.
Ryoko summoned fake tears.  "This vile, barbaric amazoness wants to kill me!"
Ryoko rubbed her face against Tenchi's.

Tenchi wanted nothing to do with this.  But deep in his mind he knew it was
inevitable to be involved in fights between Ryoko and Aeka.

"ME the vile amazoness?  Hardly..." Aeka retorted.
"Tenchi, the woman you love should be a beautiful, soft princess like me."
Aeka covered her cheeks with her hands.  "I have the loving attitude of a wife
that you don't, Ryoko."

"And I have the fun and deep passion toward Tenchi that you don't, Aeka.
A couple should have fun along with their love."  Ryoko countered.
"You and Tenchi, married?" Ryoko chuckled "HA!  You two would be sitting in
a throne room all day long and die of boredom!  You would collect dust!
You would be picky with Tenchi down to the way he eats food!"

"How dare you talk about the Jurai royal family that way!"  Aeka rumbled.
"At least he wouldn't be picking up dirty habits such as drinking sake and
belching!" Aeka continued.

"Belching is natural!  You got gas, you get rid of it!" Ryoko burst.

"It makes people think you are rude!" Aeka shot a ton of saliva into the air.

"Look at the princess now!" Ryoko mocked.  "That's attractive!"
Aeka boiled.  She summoned mini Azakas and Kamidakes.

"Look!  It proves my point, Tenchi!  She wants to kill me!"  Ryoko hugged Tenchi.

"Stop this at once!" Tenchi yelled.  "Let's finish..."

"All done!" Kiyone reported.

"What?!" Tenchi asked.

The shrine was done.  Kiyone had worked so hard because of her bad mood.

"Now, where were we?" Ryoko asked.  "Oh, yes.  Tenchiiiiii, help me!  Aeka
wants to murder me!  Save me from this vile beast!"

Aeka sent the mini Azakas and Kamidakes to attack.

Ryoko countered with an energy blast that destroyed the small shrine and sent everyone flying.

"WWWWHHHHHHYYYYYYYY MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!?!?!?!?!?" screamed Kiyone as she flew through the air.

"This is fun!" Mihoshi laughed as she followed Kiyone through the air.

Aeka and Ryoko were tearing at each other's faces with one hand and hanging onto
each of Tenchi's arms with the other.  Tenchi was dazed as usual.

"Heeeeeeeeelp meeeeeeeee!" Sasami plead as she flew.

"MMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!  MYAMYAMYAMYAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!"
Ryo-Ohki meowed as she hung on to Sasami by a claw.

Yosho calmly sat Indian style as he headed into yonder blue skies.

Nobuyuki strained his head as he tried to look up Aeka and Ryoko's robes.
"Come on!  Let me see something!!" he wished as he cried and drooled.

Washu was at the house cuddling Mayuka.  "That's my daughter for you."
She sighed as she heard the explosion.  Mayuka reached for Washu's face and
the two continued to bond (Awwwww  :)  )

Fortunately, the shrine was rebuilt that day and into the night.
Once the work was finished, everyone went to eat dinner and rest a while.
Ryoko went to her room.

Ryoko had a dream.  She was above the Earth in low orbit.
The Earth was beautiful and blue.  "Wow" she laughed, "I don't
ever remember seeing Earth as beautiful as this!" Ryoko looked at
the blue oceans and white clouds along with the snow capped peaks.
"I can see Tenchi's house from here!" she laughed to herself.

Out of the corner of Ryoko's eye, the stars were moving very oddly.
Wait! Those weren't stars!  They were ships.  They looked awfully peculiar
but familiar in shape.  They looked a lot like Jurai ships.  There were trees
in them like Jurai ships, but there was an evil aura to them.

Ryoko then appeared in an Earth city.  "I saw pictures of this city.
I think they call it New York."  All of a sudden, the ships appeared.
Ryoko gasped.  "I have to investigate." The ships fired a dark beam of
energy when Ryoko took off of the ground.  She watched in horror as a
great quake set the skyscrapers swaying violently and heard voices crying
in terror and actually felt what the people were feeling as the structures collapsed.

Ryoko then appeared at the Masaki residence.  Everyone was discussing the current situation.

"What is the meaning of this attack?" Tenchi asked.

"The Dark Jurai are finally attacking.  They are probably aware of the
energy of Funaho and on their way to eliminate the tree." Yosho sighed in worry.

Washu looked at a small computer. "High energy readings detected in all
levels of Earth orbit." Washu looked worried, "They already destroyed a
major Earth city.  And there's nothing I alone can do to stop this."

Yosho became more worried by the minute.  "The Galaxy Police and Jurai
fleets will have a hard time with the Dark Jurai.  That I am certain."
Yosho turned to Washu. "How many ships do you think are currently in Earth orbit?"

"About 58,000 including an extra 28,000 in the rest of the solar system."
Washu replied.  One could see the worried look on her face even though she
is calm much of the time.

Dark Jurai ships came out of the sky.  Before everybody could move
the entire area around them was incinerated by a heat weapon.

A shield surrounded the Masaki household, the shrine, its residents and Funaho.
Everybody and everything was safe for the moment.

"The shield won't last long." Washu told everyone.  "Without Funaho Yosho will..."

"Grandpa..." tears welled up in Tenchi's eyes as he came to realize that Yosho would die.

Ryoko was upset that the Dark Jurai had driven Tenchi to the point of crying.
She planned to summon Ryo-Ohki and take on all the Dark Jurai ships.  But she couldn't do it.

"Where's Ryoko?" asked Nobuyuki.

"Why should you care?!" asked Aeka.  "For all we know, she could
have betrayed us and joined the ranks of the Dark Jurai.  Or she
could be off drinking and being lazy!"

"I doubt that." Sasami disappointedly burst Aeka's bubble.
"Ryo-Ohki wouldn't be here if Ryoko had joined the Dark Jurai because
she is Ryoko's ship.  And Ryoko stays here when she drinks so she can make
an attempt to seduce Tenchi."

Aeka became angered that no one would side with her against Ryoko.

Ryoko approached Ryo-Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki became alarmed at Ryoko's presence
and hissed when she came within 5 feet of the group.

"What's wrong, Ryo-chan?" Sasami asked Ryo-Ohki.

Ryoko kept her distance and Ryo-Ohki calmed down.

"We should flee into the house and carry this on in the laboratory.
It is dangerous to remain here." Washu warned.
"I can get a machine to sustain Yosho's life and figure a way out to help him."

As everyone ran into the house, Kiyone and Mihoshi ran out of the house.

"Where are you two going?" asked Sasami.

"To protect you all." Kiyone replied.

"Please come with us.  It's suicide to stay out here.  If you stay in the
lab with us, you can protect us better." Sasami pleaded.

Kiyone thought about it. "We'll make sure you get into the lab.  We will be right
behind you." Kiyone pulled out a gun and put on a visor.  "I detect 20
life forms in the immediate vicinity.  The energy emitted is very intense.
This means they are very fast fighters and means the situation requires a very fast weapon.
Mihoshi, bring out the rapid fire rail guns!"

"Yes, ma'am!" Mihoshi gulped nervously.  Rapid-fire rail guns were the most
powerful portable Galaxy Police weapons an officer could be assigned.  Mihoshi
brought two of them out.

"Take aim, Mihoshi." Kiyone steadily aimed her long shoulder-mounted gun.
"The visor estimates that they are up to 80 times faster than we are with reflexes."
(Yeah, it's like a scouter in DBZ, but much cooler. And it doesn't read power levels.
Do you really think I would entirely base this cool contraption on
the scouter of DBZ?!  :P )

A figure appeared out of the bushes.  It was a Dark Jurai martial artist.
The man wore beautifully crafted attire like the ones found in the box by Funaho.

"Tsk, tsk. Kiyone Makibi.  You know very well that even that will not work
against me." the man shook.

"How did you know my name!?" Kiyone asked.

"Word travels fast among the Dark Jurai." the man replied.
"We know the names and faces of the biggest threats to us or potential
allies.  Maybe you will join us.  And allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Jurai Ankoku-ou (The Jurai king of darkness).  I cannot
sense the precious energy of Yuzuha anymore so I came to investigate.
And I find the tree of Yosho!"

"Enough with introductions!" Kiyone yelled, pulling the trigger.

The rail traveled with tremendous speed.  But Jurai Ankoku-ou caught the rail.
"If you don't wish to join us.  Then DIE!" he flung the rail back at Kiyone,
hitting her in the stomach area (Yeah, I know this is like Raditz catching
the bullet in the first episode of Dragon Ball Z.  But can't all powerful
people in fiction catch bullets?).

Kiyone let out a scream of pain.  She balled onto the floor and puked up blood.
Mihoshi ran into the lab.

"I will give your friends 24 hours to surrender." said Jurai Ankoku-ou.
"If they do not give up, I will get them directly." the king walked away.

Kiyone crawled toward the lab, leaving a trail of blood on the floor.
When she entered the lab and locked the door to it, Sasami came running.

"Kiyone!!" she yelled.  "Are you all right?"

Kiyone looked up at Sasami with tears streaming down her face, mixing
with the blood coming out of her mouth.  She knew she did not have much time to live.

"KIYONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!" cried Mihoshi.  "Nooooooooo, you can't die!!!
We're partners for life, right Kiyone?"  Mihoshi couldn't control her crying.

Kiyone looked up at Mihoshi.  "Yeah, we are".  Kiyone smiled with a mix of
happiness and sadness in her eyes.  Ryoko saw Kiyone's life flashing before
her eyes.  She saw her parents, her life at school, and her life with Mihoshi,
from little beginnings in classes at the Galaxy Police Academy to their arrival
on Earth, and the mess-ups of their part-time jobs on Earth.  Kiyone's life
with Mihoshi was not as bad as she thought.  "You're my best friend
Mihoshiiiii...aauuuugh" Kiyone died of severe blood loss.

Mihoshi leaned on Kiyone's dead body and cried, not minding being stained
all on her face with Kiyone's blood.

Washu disconnected the subspace lab's connection to Tenchi's house.
"I'm afraid there's nothing we can do about this.  Yosho, please step this
way quickly."  Washu put Yosho in a life-preserving tank and turned it on.
"There's really not much I can do but keep Yosho this way.  It is a matter
of time before the Dark Jurai will find a way to get to us."  Washu took
a blanket and covered Kiyone's pale body, moving Mihoshi.  But Mihoshi
leaned on Kiyone's body after Washu covered her.

The time flashed forward.  The lab door was busting down!  And in stepped Jurai Ankoku-ou.

"Surrender to me or die!"  Jurai Ankoku-ou yelled to everyone.

Everyone cowered in a corner.  Ryo-Ohki stood front of everyone to protect
them, hissing at Jurai Ankoku-ou and his minions.

"How cute." Jurai Ankoku-ou smiled.  Jurai Ankoku-ou cast his hand toward
Ryo-Ohki and put her in a stasis field.  "I will tend to you later."

Sasami stood up and gave off a blue aura.  "Leave us alone!!!!"
Sasami's voice sounded more grown-up.  Tsunami was influencing her.
Ryoko saw an image of Tsunami standing behind Sasami.

Jurai Ankoku-ou recognized the aura.  "TSUNAMI!!!!!!!  QUICK!!!!
SEAL TSUNAMI WHILE SHE IS POWERING UP OR WE WILL NEVER WIN!!!!"
Immediately Jurai Ankoku-ou's minions formed a circle around Sasami
and began sealing her in a crystal field.

Aeka charged toward Jurai Ankoku-ou and attacked him in her changed form.  "YOU MONSTER!!"
But alas, it was countered followed by a kick to the head, which snapped Aeka's neck.
It killed her instantly.

"This is rich!"  Jurai Ankoku-ou laughed.  "I sealed Tsunami and killed Princess Aeka
at the same time!  This war is already won by the Dark Jurai!"  The laughing continued.
"Kill the rest..." the king walked out of the room.

Ryoko tried to intervene.  No one would kill her Tenchi or the ones she lived with, mainly
not kill her Tenchi.  But she watched in terror as Jurai Ankoku-ou's minion's killed the
people she loved.  She cried as a blade slit Tenchi's neck.

Time flashed forward one last time.  Ryoko saw the entire Earth burning.
Then she was in the lab again.  The lab was in ruins and everyone was dead.
Ryoko went to Tenchi's dead body and tried to hug it, but her hands went through Tenchi.
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!"  Ryoko cried.  She looked up and saw Washu's dead body.
Ryoko walked to Washu.  One could barely hear Ryoko's voice if one were in the room,
but Ryoko muttered words one could swear never came out her mouth: "I love you, mama..."
Ryoko cried because not only did she love Tenchi, but she realized she loved her mother as well.


All of a sudden Ryoko woke up from her dream and realized it was a terrible nightmare.
Ryoko cried loudly and hiccupped from the convulsions of her crying.  "I LOVE MY TENCHI!!!
*HIC* I LOVE YOU TOO, MAMAAAAAAA!!  *HIC!! HIC!!*  PLEEEEZ, DUN'T LEEB MEEEEEE!!!
GUH-HUHHHHHHHHHH  *HIC HIC HIC HIC HIC HIC HIC* I LUB YOU BERRY MUCH. *HIC*
GUH-HUH-HUH-HUUUUHHHHHHH!!!! *HIC*" Ryoko cried convulsively for about ten minutes.

Tenchi heard Ryoko and got a big sweatdrop on his head.  "Geez.  What is she crying about?"

"She had a little to much alcohol" Aeka replied.

"No, I'm really concerned.  It's not like her to cry like that.  I'm going to check on her."
Tenchi looked really worried about Ryoko and began to walk to Ryoko's room.

Aeka grabbed Tenchi's arm.  "LOOK!  DON'T CONCERN YOURSELF WITH THE LIKES OF THAT WOMAN!"
Aeka yelled.

Tenchi grabbed Aeka's arm and threw it angrily aside.  "KNOCK IT OFF!" Tenchi screamed
at Aeka. "She lives with us and it is my concern as a host to see to the well-being of
all people living under this roof!"  Tenchi stormed upstairs.

Ryoko got out of bed and decided a bath was what she needed. She got out
of bed and walked out with tears still running out her eyes and snot flowing
out her nose.

Tenchi saw Ryoko coming out her room looking zombified.  "Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
"Are you okay?  I heard you crying and I was worried about you.  What's wrong?"
Tenchi looked puzzled.

"Batttttthhhhhh" Ryoko mumbled.  She continued to walk, not even making a
pass at Tenchi.  This was new.

Tenchi never saw this side of Ryoko before.  Sure she was upset during the
conflict with Mayuka and Yuzuha, but never like this.  What was the commotion
all about?  Why was Ryoko unaware that snot was flowing out her nose?  Tenchi
saw pain and agony on Ryoko's face and in her eyes.

Even Ryo-Ohki was concerned.  She meowed at Ryoko with a caring look on her face and
rubbed on her legs.  She even purred and did ultra-cutesy things in an attempt to
cheer up Ryoko.  But it failed, driving the cabbit into more worry.

Ryoko teleported to the bath in the sky (you know what I'm talking about).

Tenchi knew where she headed and decided to make up Ryoko's bed.  When Tenchi
grabbed the pillow, it was all wet.  Ryoko had cried so much it dirtied her pillow.
"Geez.  What WAS she crying about?  Ah, well.  I better make up her bed and try
to talk to her."  Something popped in Tenchi's mind.  "Oh, yeah!  I better try
and find that book so I can read it and start training!"  Tenchi began to make up
Ryoko's bed and contemplate what he had decided to do in order to learn the Jurai
martial arts.

End of Chapter 2
