This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  Kurigaishi 
(repeat)! The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote the 
storyline to "The Dark Jurai".

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 4 - "Little Time to Prepare"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


Kiyone and Mihoshi arrived at Galaxy Police Headquarters.  It was WAY MUCH
busier than usual.  Officers were trampling each other as they carried
papers and weapons and other various things as they ran hastily to
their destinations.  The talk of what was happening was so thick in the
air one could wave a stick at it.

"What's going on?" Kiyone asked an officer.

"Rumor has it a large fleet of Dark Jurai ships is gathering in the Large
Magellenic Cloud of the Milky Way galaxy!  We may have to intervene in case
it goes rampant.  Intellegence says the fleet is made up of at least 80,000
at the least!" the officer ecstatically jumped.  The nervousness ran tense in
his voice.

Kiyone went cold as she remembered Ryoko's number of 86,000.  It was too
close.  Not to mention that number came from a DREAM.  "Unreal..." she
shivered.  Kiyone regained her senses and realized there was a job to be done.

An announcement came on:  "ALL OFFICERS AND ESSENTIAL PERSONNEL PLEASE
REPORT TO THE EMERGENCY ASSEMBLY AREA IMMEDIATELY.  REPEATING.  ALL OFFICERS
AND ESSENTIAL PERSONNEL PLEASE REPORT TO THE EMERGENCY ASSEMBLY AREA
IMMEDIATELY."

"Looks like that's us, Mihoshi." Kiyone grabbed Mihoshi's arm and dragged
her to the assembly area.


There were so many oficers at the assembly.  It was like a sea of light blue
from the huge number of Galaxy Police uniforms.  The Marshal came up to the
stand.

"Good evening, lady and gentleman officers..." he began.

"HI, GRANDPA!" Mihoshi cried out.

"Um, hello, Mihoshi.  Grandpa is busy right now."

"OKAY!" Mihoshi smiled.

The officers in the room laughed, embarassing the Marshal.

"Anyway, the Light Jurai Empire has requested that the Galaxy Police keep
an eye on the accumulating fleet of Dark Jurai ships in the Large Magellanic
Cloud of the Milky Way galaxy and if neccessary...intervene." the Marshal
announced.

The officers muttered indistinctly amongst themselves.

"I know this is serious, but we must put our resources together.  The Light 
Jurai military is preparing to intercept the Dark Jurai ships and fight an
all-out war.  We have only one week to prepare our fleets as requested by
the Light Jurai.  We have to work on this.  Now..move out and prepare
yourselves!  And stand by for further orders!"  the Marshal had a
commanding voice.

"Yes, sir!" the officers began to clear the assembly area.

Kiyone and Mihoshi went to their superior officer's office and asked for
orders and a preparation list for their ships and equipment.  What they
got was a ten page list of orders and equipment.  The average list of
orders was usually no more than two pages long.  And on top of that, it
usually completed in about six days to get all of the orders done.  The
two First Class Detectives saw a lot of overtime along with little sleep
and mealtime coming.

Mihoshi and Kiyone both sighed in distress.  They had a long week ahead of
them.  Was it enough time to prepare?  The Galaxy Police's personnel were
already working at near full capacity.  Even some abandonded and obsolete
repair hangars and offices were being reopened and used.



In another place, there was a dark room with a throne in the back of it.
A man obscured by shadow sat in the throne.

A man dressed in Dark Jurai martial arts clothing walked to the throne and
talked to the man on the throne.

"Jurai Ankoku-ou, the Galaxy Police and Light Jurai are preparing for our
invasion.  We must hurry and attack them!" the man begged.

"No, don't worry..." Jurai Ankoku-ou reassured the man.  "The Galaxy Police
are working harder than usual.  When they are prepared but tired, we will
strike.  They are exhausting themselves.  The Light Jurai have a smaller
fleet than us but their other military parts nearly match ours in power.
But it is the fleets that matter first.  We will deal with them in time.
We will strike the Galaxy Police first."

"By the way," noted the man.  "We have an operative in the Galaxy Police
that has passed this information to us regarding a highly sensitive, highly
classified report concerned with the disappearance of Yuzuha." he handed
a note to Jurai Ankoku-ou.

Jurai Ankoku-ou took the note and opened it.  After reading it a minute,
Jurai Ankoku-ou leaned out of the shadows.  "This is EXCELLENT!  Though
Yuzuha died at the hands of a prince of Jurai, her genes live on in a little
baby!  When the invasion starts, we shall make retrieving this baby called
Mayuka a top priority.  WE WILL REVIVE YUZUHA!" Jurai Ankoku-ou laughed a
laugh that could be heard from far away.  "Go!" he said to the man.  "Tell
the fleet to start the invasion in one week!"

"Yes, Your Majesty," the man teleported away.

"Soon, we will have Yuzuha again.  And then...we will dominate all Light
Jurai territories with our fleet!  A marvelous fleet that outnumbers the
Light Jurai's 12 to 1!" Jurai Ankoku-ou submerged himself in his thoughts
and laughed that evil laugh once more.



Aeka, Sasami, and Yosho were on the ship to Jurai.  It got boring rather
quickly.

"It's no fun without Ryo-Ohki." Sasami sighed.  "Whenever I get bored we
play for hours on end." she swung her legs.

"One thing for me that is boring...no...annoying and frustrating, is being
left in the dark about this conflict and heading to some strange place
without any knowledge of the predicament at all." Aeka commented.

"We'll be on Jurai soon enough to find out." Yosho added to the boredom.
No one wants to wait in a situation like this.  Yosho's words just fueled
the anxiety of Aeka and Sasami.  In all of this, he just sat patiently.

"I never understood the patient part of you, my brother." Aeka confessed
after a little bit of time passed.

"That's you for you." replied the Jurai swordsman.  "I never understood
your impatient side.  You get all of that extra energy from Misaki."
he smiled.

"What was that, old man!?" Aeka snarled.

Yosho just laughed.  "And you're just as crazy and paranoid."

Aeka flushed red with anger and took out a giant wooden mallet.

"But there is one thing you have that makes up for it all..." he added.
"A good, loving heart.  Misaki may have the light in the attic on
without anyone upstairs, but she gives all of her love to those she
cares about."

Aeka stopped the mallet right before it hit the prince's head.  "You're
right.  But now is not the time to be discussing who resembles whom in
personality."

"I wonder how Tenchi is doing..." Sasami cut in.



Tenchi was training some more at the Masaki Shrine grounds.  Ryoko
watched him in curiosity from a tree.

Tenchi knew she was there.  He could sense her ki.  It bothered him
after a while knowing someone was watching him while hiding in a tree
somewhere.  To the front and left, in particular.

"Come on out, Ryoko!  I know you're watching me from the trees!" yelled
a slightly annoyed Tenchi.

"What?" Ryoko was surprised.  How could Tenchi know she was watching
him?  Ryoko decided to remain in the trees.

"If you don't come out, I'll drag you out myself!" that aura and tone
of Tenchi's was getting a little more plausible.

But Ryoko kept her cool.  She STILL decided to remain hidden by the
trees.

"Okay.  Ready or not, here I come!" Tenchi ran so quickly that it caught
Ryoko off guard.  He grabbed Ryoko by the arms.  "I warned you." he let
go of Ryoko.  "If you want to watch me, just sit on the shrine steps
and just do it.  Watch me, I mean."

"Okay.  What are you doing, anyway?" Ryoko looked at Tenchi with that
innocent, probing look she always liked to stare at him with.

"Studying the Dark Jurai martial arts."

"Ooohhh, that's why you could sense my ki." she realized.

"They're practically the same as the Light Jurai's.  But when I get
to advanced moves, I will use the Light Hawk Wings to generate the
extra power I need instead of black magic as this book uses.  Check
out this list of spells they put in here."  he showed Ryoko the book.

Ryoko could read some Jurai (she DID learn some Jurai from her plundering
days; she attacked Jurai cargo ships on a regular frequency).
After reading some spells, she pushed the book away and smiled. 
"I know some of these.  It's in my blood.  The Mass's natural volitality
fuels my knowledge of magic.  But unlike the Dark Jurai, I don't have to
use ki and wait for it to recharge like they do."

"You mean the advanced moves steal away your life eneregy?" Tenchi
gulped.

"Yep. I dealt with a couple of them myself before your grandpa put
me in that cave.  Since I can use some magic at will without using
ki, I beat them.  They used up all of their ki.  Oh, yes.  I had the
gems to help me, as well." she looked at all of her gems, except the
one embedded in her neck.

"So, that's what we'll be up against?" Tenchi asked.

"The Dark Jurai I dealt with were usually low to middle rank. I have
never faced one of high rank."

"How do you know what their rank is, Ryoko?"

"Two things: their ki level, and their clothing."

"I can't determine ki level yet.  How do you know of the Dark Jurai's
clothing telling their rank?"

"You ask too many questions, Tenchi." she put two fingers over his
lips.  "Just one way...appearance.  It's just like any other military.
They decorate their higher ranked people.  Now, get back to your
training.  I won't mess with you because you need to prepare for the
Dark Jurai."

"Yeah." Tenchi went out to practice while Ryoko teleported to the steps
to watch him.

Tenchi began to apply the ki sensing technique again and sensed two life
energies.  Both were moving VERY fast.

All of a sudden, Ryo-Ohki ran as fast as she could followed by Washu.

"MYAAAAA!!!! MYA-MYA-MYAAAAAAU!!!!!" Ryo-Ohki looked frightened.

"Come back here!!" Washu huffed.  "Tenchi! Ryoko!  Help me catch
Ryo-Ohki!"

The two joined the pursuit of the cabbit and caught up with her
after a minute of high speed pursuit.

"ARGH!" Tenchi groaned in pain.  "I shouldn't have overworked myself
with that speed technique!  Here!" he handed a flailing Ryo-Ohki to
Washu.

"What do you want with her, anyway?" Ryoko asked Washu.

"An upgrade!" Washu took the squirming cabbit.  "I'll just manipulate
her DNA and she'll be a whole new cabbit!  She'll have more energy,
better weapons, a faster travel rate through the vaccum of space...
It'll be fun!  And she'll be practically the same old cabbit on the
inside, plus some!" she smiled.  "She has to endure a little...well...
upgrading!" she looked at Ryo-Ohki.  "I'll give you a giant carrot
if you be a good little Ryo-Ohki!"

"Mya..." Ryo-Ohki didn't want to endure it.  She gave Washu a
"Just give me the giant carrot!" look.

"It's for your own good!" Washu gave the cabbit a 
"You will do this because I said so!" look.

Ryoko and Tenchi both got big sweat drops on their heads.

"Do this or you'll be beaten by the Dark Jurai!" said Washu as she
dragged Ryo-ohki off to the lab.

"MYAAAAAA!!!" Ryo-Ohki got an innocent "Help me!" look in her eyes.

"Oh! You'll be fine!" Washu's voice could be heard as she went
downhill to the Masaki residence.

Tenchi decided to return to his training.  He decided to try
something new, so he turned to a new excercise.


Meanwhile at Galaxy Police Headquarters, Kiyone and Mihoshi were
working around the clock.  They ran to weapons posts, ship upgrade
hangars, and sometimes but rarely to the sleeping quarters and the
mess hall.  Kiyone made doubly sure that the orders and upgrades were
right while Mihoshi got sidetracked and added to Kiyone's insanity.

After ten straight hours of work, Kiyone and Mihoshi had lost
their minds and decided to opt for a meal and a two-hour nap.
On their way, they ran into Mitsuki, Kiyone's academic arch-rival
back in the good old days of the Galaxy Police Academy.

"Well, well.  Look who it is.  The two hard-working officers of
Investigation Unit Nine.  How's that stay on Earth doing?  You
look like the primitive culture of the Earth has grown to be a
part of you." Mitsuki talked in a mocking tone.

"SHUT...UP!" Kiyone growled.  "We are dead tired!  That's why
we look like the way we do!"

"Yeah!" Mihoshi backed Kiyone up.  "And the culture of Earth is
far from primitive!  They're the nicest people!"

"You haven't even been to Earth!" Kiyone snapped.

"Oh, my...  I better back off before someone frags a higher
officer." Mitsuki pretended to be frightened.

"WHAT!?" Kiyone became a lot more angry.

"That's right!  I was promoted to Detective Elite!  Too bad!"
Mitsuki walked off and laughed.

"THAT LITTLE!!!!....RRRRRAAAAHHHH!!!!"  Kiyone hawked a loogie
and spit it on the ground.  "SNOTTY LITTLE..." Kiyone was really
pissed.

"Kiyone..." Mihoshi put her hand on Kiyone's shoulder.  "Please
don't get mad...  Let's get something to eat and take a nap."

"You're right for once, Mihoshi..." she exhaled and went on.

Everyone was preparing to face the Dark Jurai.  With little
preparation time, the Masaki household residents race against
the clock to ready themselves against a Dark Jurai fleet of
80,000 ships and climbing.

End of Chapter 4.