Tenchi Muyo:  The Darkness:  It Can't Rain All the Time
Vol. 1:  Book 1, Chapter 2
Date:  4/19/98
By:  J. Bond

Disclaimer:  I DO NOT OWN THESE CHARACTERS, THEY
BELONG TO AIC/PIONEER.  I DO NOT INTEND TO MAKE
MONEY OFF THIS IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM.  I DO NOT
HAVE THE TIME OR THE MONEY FOR A LAWSUIT - I DO NOT
WANT ONE ON MY HANDS ANYWAY.

This is my story and I'm going to be really ticked off if somebody decides
to plagiarize.  SO DON'T!!!!!

Summary:  Hi, hope you liked the first installment.  Let me give you a
quick recap of current events.  In the last chapter, the Keeper escaped his
prison and appeared to Motoko, a kidnapped antique dealer, and claimed
her as his servant.  While Tenchi and the others sensed the disturbance,
Ryoko collapsed on her anniversary with Tenchi.  She later isolates herself
and refuses to talk to anyone.  Well... let's see what happens.

Author's Notes:  Well, here we go.  Once again feedback is highly
appreciated.  This is the next chapter.  If you haven't read the first yet, I
would highly suggest that you do so.  This is still coming along kind of
slow, so I tried to spice it up a little bit.  Although these first few chapters
are just an intro, you should still probably read the first to get the jest of it. 
As I promised, here come the Guardians of Jurai.  I have added a quote at
the beginning of each story that relates and foreshadows upcoming events. 
Once again, if you have any questions, or are just plain confused, e-mail
me at Ryoko Mas@aol.com.  Thanks.  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"One day your going to lose everything...nothing will prepare you for that. 
Not faith; not religion.  When someone you love dies, you will know what
it feels like to be alone.  What it's like to be dead, but find that you're still
breathing." 
The Crow
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TENCHI MUYO
THE DARKNESS

It Can't Rain All the Time

	Ryoko traced the path of the raindrop as it ran down the window
pane of her room.  The small droplet curved and stopped and then moved
again until it finally met its predecessors on the ledge.  A small pool of
water had formed and was slowly leaking down onto the ground.  The rain
was coming down long and hard.  Ryoko had passed the time looking
through the window, thinking about what she could do.
	She knew there was nothing.  The dark figure was too strong, too
powerful.  Ryoko had tried to fight him but it was futile.  The only thing
she had left was hope.  The hope that he, or it, would never find them. 
Ryoko knew she was lying to herself.  It was only a matter of time before
he would come...before the end dawned upon them.
	Maybe it had been all a dream.  <It was possible>.  The dream
could have been caused by the massive amounts of energy that had been
dispelled during the temporal rip.  At least that's what Washu had said. 
But Washu had also noted that it could be a warning sign; a message of
some sort.
	Ryoko watched the gold strands of electricity as they wrapped
themselves around her finger.  There was a sudden knock at the door and
Ryoko jumped slightly.  "Who is it?"  She noticed her own voice was no
longer louder than a whisper.
	Washu suddenly appeared at the doorway.  She held a small tray of
food, "I thought you could use something to eat." 
	Washu entered the room and set the tray on the night stand next to
the bed.  "I'm not that hungry," Ryoko said.
	"Ryoko," Washu paused.  There was worry in her voice.  "Come on
down.  Everyone's worried about you.  Sasami's made you something to
eat everyday now and you haven't even touched it.  Come on, at least eat
something, it's been three days now and you still haven't even touched
food."
	Ryoko turned around and faced the mad scientist... her mother.  "I
told you I'm not hungry."
	"Do you know what this is doing to Tenchi?"  Washu was trying to
pry some emotion out of her daughter.  
	Tears welled up at the sides of Ryoko's eyes.  One by one they fell,
rolling off of her cheeks.  Washu came up behind her.  Ryoko suddenly
felt a set of small hands on her shoulders.  "Ryoko, just come downstairs,
that's all I ask."
	Ryoko turned to look her mother in the eyes, "All right."  Quietly,
she changed into one of her favorite casual dresses.  The blue and
orangish-striped dress fluttered quietly as Ryoko exited through the doors.
	Washu picked up the food and followed her daughter down the
stairs.

*****

	Sasami finished cleaning the last bowl.  She set it on a towel
beside the sink to let it dry.  Sasami looked out the window.  The sun was
trying to pry through the clouds.  To no avail, the rain kept coming down. 
Rhy-ohki rubbed against her leg.
	"Oh, Rhy-ohki, we can't go outside, it's raining.  But don't worry,
it'll stop.  It can't rain all the time."
	There was a sudden creak as the figures descended the stairs. 
Sasami's eyes went wide as she saw Ryoko.  "Ryoko!" Sasami yelled. 
Quickly she ran through the kitchen and hugged her at the stairs.  "It's
been a long time."
	Ryoko's lips turned from a frown to a smile as Sasami jumped up
to her.  <She always had a way of brightening things up>, Ryoko thought.  
	"What's all the commotion?" Nobuyuki asked as he entered the
room.  "Oh, Ryoko you're finally coming back to the living!"
	A small growl emitted from Ryoko.  "Funny."
	Washu went into the kitchen and set down the food.

*****

	Tenchi sat listening to the rain from the porch of the house.  It had
started raining a few days ago and hadn't stopped.  Ryoko hadn't talked to
anyone, no matter what they tried.  Something had happened that night. 
Something bad enough to scare Ryoko half to death.  If there was
something that powerful out there, then this was going to be a long week.
	Washu had said that whatever it was that escaped could probably
find Tenchi within a week.  When Washu was scared, it was time to get
worried.  Until they knew what it was, there was nothing that they could
do.  The rain seeped off of the roof and fell to the ground.  There was a
soft gust of wind and a few sprinkles hit Tenchi and roused him from his
thoughts.
	Ryoko suddenly appeared behind him, "Ryoko!"
	Her fingers came to his lips and silenced him.  "Shhh, Tenchi. 
Give me a minute to speak."  Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi
from behind him.  "I don't know what happened when I collapsed, but
since then I've been ignoring you and I'm sorry."
	"Ryo-" he was interrupted by Ryoko's fingers again.
	"It's no excuse but....when I had that dream, it made me frightened
for you."
	"What was the dream?"  Tenchi touched her hand.
	"I was alone, in a dark place.  There was a figure, he had a sword
like the LH, but it was different.  He was too powerful.  I couldn't stop
him.  He's coming for you, Tenchi."  Ryoko gave him a light squeeze and
then stood up.  "Come on, let's go inside.  I hate the rain."
	Tenchi stood and took one last glimpse at the dreary scene and
then came inside.
	The light rushed to him and he squinted slightly.  Sasami sat on the
couch.  Washu had disappeared somewhere.  Ryoko led Tenchi into the
kitchen.  Carefully she picked up the bowl of rice that Washu had set
down and began eating.

*****

	Motoko shivered in the rain as it came down in buckets.  Her
trench coat was stained with blood and soaked to the bone.  It had only
been a day since she had vowed herself to the Keeper.  Already she
regretted it.  The scars that he had left burned everytime she thought about
leaving this whole mess behind.  The only thing she could think was: 
<Why couldn't I have just died?>
	The gem dangled around her neck and every now and then would
whisper to her.  Motoko could never make the whispers out, but she knew
what it meant.  It was a constant reminder of what she owed to the
Keeper...her life.
	When it was given to her, it had somehow transported knowledge
to her...told her what the Keeper demanded of her and expected. 
Reminded her of what her debt was, and what she must do to repay it.  Her
first task was to find another that would help free her of the debt.  This
person was not going to be an easy person to find.  He was supposedly in
suspended animation at the Galaxy Police Headquarters.  Not an easy
place to break in and out of.
	His name was Masamune.  That was all she knew.  The hard part
would be the getaway.  Motoko would have an easy time getting in.  The
gem that had been given to her held some sort of power.  She had
experimented with it over the past two days.  She could change
appearances and conjure illusions.  <Damn thing>, she thought.
	With a wide sweeping step she turned the corner.  Water sprayed
everywhere...she was late.  There was a ship headed to a distant planet and
from there she could hop a ride on a Galaxy Police vessel.  But this was
only step one.  The next was to locate and rescue Masamune.  
	There was a loud screech.  <Oh, no! > The last call horn.  Motoko
burst into the street.  Before her the area widened out and a huge building
could be seen.  Motoko raced through the gates, thankful that there was no
security on the planet.  The major population was criminals and
bounty-hunters.  There wasn't much security needed here.
	Motoko entered the terminal and raced through the dimly lit
hallways.  Time was slipping away as she made a right turn and ran
through a gate.  She came out of a small tunnel and entered the landing
field.  Her trench coat billowed behind her as the rain beat it down.  Her
hair was plastered to her face and the air had a moldy stench to it.
	The drop-ship was only a few meters away.  Motoko raised her
hand and began to shout "Wait...Wait goddammit!"
	The man at the hatch saw her and pulled a small device from his
belt.  He motioned for her to hurry up.  Motoko cleared the door and the
man slammed the door down behind her.  He talked into the device again
and then the ship made a sudden jolt upwards.  "You'd better find a seat." 
The man was tall and had stubble from not shaving.  
	"Thanks." replied Motoko.  She ran back into the main cabin and
strapped herself into a vacant slot.  There were tons of people around her,
mostly men, but there were a few women, and also a child here and there. 
The overhead light was dim and shadows danced all around her.  She
could hear the small squeak of a rat as the ship hit an air pocket.
	<This was going to be a long trip.>

*****

	Washu slouched in her chair.  <This was impossible> she thought. 
The whole rip had disappeared.  She had been searching for days and yet
there was no trace...nothing to even show that the event had occurred. 
There was nothing left to go on.  As far as Washu knew, she had could
have dreamed the whole thing.
	She picked up a small bowl of rice and began munching.  But Lord
Katsuhito shouldn't have noticed anything, but he did.  He saw the
disturbance in the sky.  And... Ryoko, she collapsed.  There was too much
evidence to show that it had happened, but not enough to prove it beyond
a reasonable doubt.  But, this didn't mean that it didn't happen.  
	Washu made one final check and then went upstairs.  Ryoko was
laying on the couch with her head on Tenchi's chest.  Sasami was playing
with Rhy-ohki by the porch.  There was a dim hum as the rain slid down
the roof.  <Oh, this looks great! >Washu thought.

*****

	Motoko walked out of the drop-ship onto the main vessel.  The
hallways were crowded with people and the hum of the engines was
almost overwhelming.  The stench of alcohol and smoke drifted through
the swarms of people.  "Move it, Hon."  Motoko was suddenly pushed
from behind into the intersection.
	People ran back and forth.  There was a robot here and there either
collecting trash or giving instructions on where to go.  Motoko tied her
purple hair back and slowly shuffled down the corridor.  There weren't
many lights and the air grew thick and musty.  <Damn, this is gross.>  Up
ahead the lights began to flicker.  A few were broken and some bugs
fluttered around a white halogen bulb.
	"How do ya do, Mrs?" a voice asked.  Motoko turned around, ready
to defend herself with maximum force if necessary.
	A man was standing behind her.  He was tall and missing a few
teeth here and there.  The smell of fresh whiskey was on his breath and his
clothes were tattered and worn.  His head was shaved and the stubble a
deep shade of brown.
	"What do you want?"  Motoko's voice was sharp and clear.
	"Nothing, just wondering what a pretty lady like you is doing here
in a trash heap like this."  The man smiled revealing the jagged set of
mismatched teeth.
	"I don't believe I was talking to you."  Motoko responded, she
didn't have time for this.  Her hand traced her body until she found the
small plasma gun she had stolen from one of the pirates' bodies.
	"I was just wondering, it's been a long flight and-" the man never
finished.  Motoko's hand raced out and smacked him across the jaw.  "-if
you wanted to get a drink."
	Motoko's face flushed with embarrassment.  "I'm sorry, but no
thanks."  She quickly turned and jogged ahead through the crowd.  
	"Motoko," a voice whispered.  The Keeper's servant wheeled
around and faced the crowd.  The man behind her motioned her on.
	"Keep movin!" he yelled.  
	"Motoko," the voice was back.  She lunged through the crowd
trying to escape the awful voice.  <It couldn't be that man, she hadn't told
him her name.>  The voice came again.  Motoko ducked into a service
tunnel.  Her shoulders were on fire along with her chest.  Quickly she
lifted the gem from her chest.  It was glowing, and white hot.
	"Motoko," she turned and saw the Keeper standing behind her. 
The mass of people moved by the service tunnel without looking in.  
	"Oh, God!"  she gasped.  A small tear manifested itself on the brim
of her eye and then fell.
	The Keeper stood full length before her.  His cloak clung to his
body as if it were alive.  The two crimson eyes stared back at her.  There
was something about those eyes...something that seemed familiar yet, at
the same time, foreign.
	"What is it?"  Pain etched her voice and features.
	The Keeper paid no attention to her whimpers.  "Remember, what
you owe me."
	Motoko brought her hands up to her shoulders and began to
massage them.  "Yes, I remember."  The pain increased and then subsided. 
"What do you want?"
	The Keeper went silent and handed her a small circular disk.  
	"What's this?"
	"All of the Galaxy Police clearance codes are on there.  I suggest
you memorize them and make sure you know how to use them."  The
Keeper's voice was monotone and low. 

*****

	The Keeper watched the huddled figure take the disk from his
hand and place it in her coat.  "Leave now.  You will see me soon. 
Remember, if you ever betray me, death will not be a punishment ... it will
be a release."
	Carefully, he teleported himself back into the shadows that made
up his world.  The strands of the future were becoming tighter and the
infinite possibilities had been reduced to hundreds of strands in the
network of the future.  He was on the right track.  If everything went as he
planned, then the Jurai would crumble before him.
	It wasn't that he hated them... in fact, he loved them.  You couldn't
hate your own kind, it was what they did to him.  The humiliation that
they caused, all the pain and suffering that was inflicted upon him.  But he
must have his revenge ... not that he liked killing his own...but, it must be
done.  An eye for an eye.
	His surroundings were bleak.  The shadows masked everything
visible to the naked eye.  The smell of decaying matter resonated
throughout the abode.  This place was in-between reality and fantasy.  It
was in that place between dreams and sleeping.  This was his realm and
his alone.  Nothing really had any permanent existence here except for
him.  His surroundings could change in an instant of his command.
	But that wasn't enough because nothing existed here but him.  He
had grown bored of playing with things.  But now was the waiting game. 
He knew that Motoko would carry out her task, sooner or later ... and if
not, she could be disposed of.  That would mean starting all over again but
he had the time... and he had the patience.  Time would tell the tale, and
time was something he plenty of.
	There was a carcass hanging across from him.  The insignia of the
Galaxy Police was embroidered on what was left of his shirt.  The Keeper
had gotten the codes from the officer.  He had put up quite a fight and
lasted longer than anyone else had.  But nonetheless, no one could hide
anything from the Keeper.  The officer had fears, just like any other
person.  The Keeper had found those fears and used them to his
advantage.  The man had provided a little amusement to pass the long
hours.  But all good things must come to an end.

*****

	Ryoko snapped her eyes open, she had fallen asleep sometime
while watching the rain.  
	"You're finally awake" Tenchi said.  Ryoko looked up and smiled. 
She was still a little shaken about the talk that they had about the dream. 
"Have sweet dreams?"
	"No, I didn't dream at all, for once."  Ryoko tested her toes and
wiggled them back and forth.  "Hmmmm," she stretched and stood up.  If
she couldn't save Tenchi then she could at least look after him.  Ryoko
peered out the window, it had stopped raining hard and slowed to a light
drizzle.  Sasami was in the kitchen making dinner.
	There was a low rumble.  Ryoko perked her ears.  What was that? 
The rumble grew louder.  "No it couldn't be, it's to early."  Ryoko flew
through the wall to the outside.  The rain drizzle seeped into her clothes. 
With a quick jerk Ryoko threw her hair out of her face.  The sky had
turned a dark blue and the sun was setting.  Purple beams of light ripped
through the clouds for the first time during the day.  
	Tenchi came running out the door.  "Ryoko what is it?"
	The rain had turned the ground to mush and most of the traction
was gone.  Ryoko hovered in the air while peering out into the distance. 
There were three figures approaching from the road.  Two large, and one
small.  The larger figures were on both sides of the small figure.  There
was a large box-like structure behind them.  Ryoko already knew who it
was ... but she was early.  People weren't scheduled to arrive until next
week.  One of the larger figures rushed ahead of the convoy.
	"AYYYEEKKAA!"  Ryoko yelled into the rain.
	"RYYYOOKKOO," there was a small pause.  "TEENNCCHII!"
	Ryoko threw herself forward towards the oncoming figures. 
Azaka was the one who had drifted from the group.  He pulled up and
greeted Ryoko.  "Ryoko, is Princess Ayeka's sister here?"  The robotic
voice hummed.  Ryoko couldn't help but laugh.  Those voices were
hilarious if you got them going.
	"Yeah, she's inside.  What's with the huge trunk?" Ryoko stared at
the huge box.
	"Oh, Princess Ayeka's clothes and other things." Azaka zoomed by
and headed for the house.  Ryoko could already hear Sasami running
outside.  Suddenly, Tenchi was by her side.
	"Ayeka," Tenchi yelled.  He started to walk towards her and Ryoko
levitated down and brought up the rear.
	"Ryoko, Tenchi, how very nice to see you."  Ayeka was standing
on a small disc that was hovering above all the mud.  "Not very nice
weather I see.  Hope this won't last forever."
	Tenchi reached over and hugged her.  Ryoko did the same.  Ever
since the incident a few years back, Ryoko and Ayeka had become best
friends.  No one ever talked about that little thing anymore....  Kamadake's
voice struck a chord of laughter in Ryoko as he talked.
	"Princess Ayeka, may I go and greet Princess Sasami, since you
seem to be fine?"
	"Yes, go ahead."  Ayeka's whiney voice seemed to have toned
down since the last time Ryoko had seen her.
	"Still have the robots whipped I see?"  Ryoko joked.
	"Ha.. ha..ha, very funny Ryoko."  There was a small hint of
sarcasm in her voice.
	"Well, we expected you sometime next week."  Tenchi broke in
feeling the tension.  Yes, Ryoko and Ayeka had grown to be very good
friends, but they still fought sometimes.  Not as much as they had before
though.
	"Yes, it's just, I haven't seen you all in so long and Sasami was
going to be here so I thought I'd stop by early."  Ayeka began to move
towards the house.  Sasami came running up splashing mud everywhere. 
Ryoko soared into the air averting globs of dirt.  Tenchi backed away
slightly.  Azaka was following Sasami, gibbering about something that
had happened on the way to the Masaki residence and the current events
on Jurai.
	"Well, your welcome here" Tenchi said.
	"Ayeka!!!" Sasami yelled as she jumped up and hugged her.
	"HA .. hah, oh Sasami."  Ayeka returned the hug and let her down.
	"Let's go inside, the rain's getting harder."  Ryoko said, slowly
returning to the ground.
	The four people ran into the house followed by the two guardians. 
Mud caked the whole entry way.  "I think we'd better get cleaned up first" 
Ryoko suggested.
	"That would be a good idea.  When your done would you mine
cleaning your mess?" Everyone turned to the source of the foreign voice. 
Washu stood at the doorway.  "Now when you're here I don't want you two
starting anything that I'll have to straighten out.  GOT IT?"
	"Washu, how have you been?" Ayeka asked.
	"Oh, I've be-" Washu was suddenly broken off by a loud yell
coming from down the hallway.
	"CCCCCCUUUUUUTTTTTTT!!"  Lord Kasuhito came running
from down the hall a bokken in both hands.  He tossed the first towards
Tenchi and then ran full force towards him.  Ryoko jumped out of the way
and pulled Ayeka with her.  Tenchi grabbed the bokken and then leaped
backwards outside.
	"Grandp-" Tenchi was cut off as the wooden sword slashed at him. 
He regained his balance in the mud and took a defensive position.  Lord
Katsuhito slashed at Tenchi and then struck him.  The wooden rod
smacked Tenchi in the ribs.  Ryoko flew to the door not knowing whether
to stop the fight or let it go on.  <What was happening?> she thought.
	Tenchi ducked and jumped back, his left hand on his ribs.  Lord
Katsuhito never hesitated.  He made a quick slash that was blocked by
Tenchi.  Quickly, the old man started a new attack.  Tenchi slid in the
mud and struck out.  He stabbed twice and slashed once in a defense effort
to block the oncoming barrage of blows.
	Lord Katsuhito launched himself into the air and brought the
bokken down.  Tenchi brought up the wooden weapon and blocked the
attack.  They stayed there locked in combat, staring at each other.  Tenchi
made one final push and threw Lord Katsuhtio backwards.  
	The others stood at the door watching the battle rage on. 
"Enough!" Ryoko shouted and began to walk out the door.
	Tenchi turned to the source of the voice.  His grandfather found
the opening and shot in and swiped Tenchi to the mud.  There was a loud
suction sound as Tenchi's back hit the mud.  Quickly, he rolled to the side
as a bokken slammed into the mud where his body had been.
	Ryoko began to fly out the doorway until a hand grabbed her wrist. 
She turned and saw Washu holding it.  "What are you doing!?!"  There
was anger and confusion in her voice.
	"Tenchi, needs this.  If whatever's coming is strong enough to
cause a temporal rip in the space-time fabric, he's going to need all the
practice he can get."  Washu pulled Ryoko back under the porch and
watched the two fight in the heavy downpour of rain.  
	Tenchi was losing.  He was still on the ground, dodging and
blocking to escape Lord Katushito's bokken.  Tenchi slid and brought
himself into a crouch prepared for the next attack.  His sword held parallel
to his eyes.  The older man stopped and assessed for a second.  He charged
towards Tenchi and brought the sword down full force.
	Tenchi raised the bokken and watched in horror as it shattered. 
Fragments of wood flew everywhere.  Ryoko was fed up with this.  <What
was he doing, attacking Tenchi?>  She flew from the porch towards her
husband and grandfather.  Lord Katushito turned and faced Ryoko, his
bokken held ready.
	"Ryoko, stay back.  This doesn't concern you."  His voice remained
calm.
	"NO!  I can't stand here and let you attack Tenchi."  Ryoko brought
herself to the ground around Tenchi. 
	"Today's lessons are over."  Grandpa turned and walked back to the
shrine in the rain.  There was a faint glare in his eyes as he turned from
them.  He knew something that he didn't want anyone else to know.
	Tenchi's hand slid to his ribs.  "Ahh," he moaned softly and then
lifted his shirt.  There was a large bruise were he had been jabbed but
otherwise he was fine.  
	"Tenchi, are you all right?"  Ayeka stepped down from the porch
and helped him inside with Ryoko.  Washu stayed outside for a second
and watched Lord Katsuhito disappear.
	Ryoko walked Tenchi to their room and inspected him more
closely.  The bruise was about the size of a baseball and was black and
purple.  Ryoko carefully brought a bowl of cold water and a cloth.  She
soaked the cloth and applied it to the bruise.  There was minor swelling,
but nothing major.  If they were lucky, nothing would be broken.
	Quickly she grabbed two towels and helped Tenchi to the baths. 
They made their way down the stairs and turned left past the kitchen. 
Sasami looked up, "Is Tenchi going to be all right?"
	"Ya, he'll be fine.  Don't worry."  Ryoko found the door she was
looking for and opened it.  Azaka and Kamadake could be heard
wondering outside talking to each other.  
	"What was that for?"  Tenchi sighed.
	"I have no idea."

*****

	Sasami ran outside into the rain which was slowing now to almost
a final stop.  "Hello Princess."
	Sasami turned to the two voices that had talked in unison. 
"AZAKA, KAMADAKE!"  Sasami ran up and hugged the big guardians. 
"How have you been?  Has my sister been treating you guys good?"
	"Yes, Princess Sasami.  We have been fine."  Kamadake
responded.
	"WOW, it's been a long time since I've seen you guys."  Sasami
turned around to see Washu standing at the door.  The mad scientist
walked up next to the giant guardians.  
	"Miss Washu, we are glad to see you." Azaka said.  
	Washu turned to Sasami, "Wanna race?"  The little woman jumped
up on top of Azaka.
	"Yeah," Sasami grinned.  With a quick stride and jump she landed
on top of Kamadake.  The two guardians hovered out into the rain.
	"Princess Sasami ... Miss Washu, it's raining.  We should seek
shelter." Azaka buzzed.
	"Wait, this will only take a second."  Sasami giggled.
	Washu eyed the little princess.  "Are you ready?"
	"Yep."  Sasami had a smile from ear to ear.
	"We got one hundred meters forward, to about that tree over
there."  Washu pointed off in the distance a large tree.
	"... 'Kay"
	"All right, Kamadake make the countdown"  Washu commanded.  
	<This is going to be easy,> Sasami thought.  <Washu has no idea
how long I've been doing this.>  The wind caught the rain and began to
move it in a different direction.  A large bolt of lightening ripped across
the sky.  Washu's face turned to a frown.
	"We'd better hurry up, it look's like it's going to get bad."  
	Kamadake clicked to life.  "On your mark ... get set ... GO!"
	Sasami held on for dear life.  "Go Kamadake, GO!"  the guardian
roared.  Sasami had to hold on with all of her strength.  The wind whipped
her pulled back hair.  She managed to pull off a look at Washu without
falling off.  The mad scientist was holding on to Azaka with all her might.
	They were coming up near the tree, Sasami was in the lead. 
Washu suddenly pulled a small object from her pocket.  There was a small
red button on it.  With her free hand she slapped the button.  Kamadake
suddenly came to a full stop.  Sasami watched Washu and Azaka whiz
by.	
	"What, was-" Suddenly a strange voice cut in.
	"Sasami," it seemed to be coming from everywhere at once. 
Sasami quickly looked ahead but saw that Washu was out of sight. 
<Maybe this was one of her jokes.>
	Then the voice came again.  Kamadake lay silent.  Washu must
have shut him down somehow.  Sasami jumped off of the guardian and
there was small plopping sound as she landed on the mud.
	"Meoow,"  Sasami looked up and saw a black cat by the forest.  It's
eyes were like icebergs and it's belly was white.
	Sasami looked around, "Where did you come from?"
	She quickly ran towards the cat and it disappeared into the forest. 
"Wait, where are you going?"  The little princess ran into the forest.  She
could hear the cat somewhere ahead of her in the foliage.  The forest
suddenly cleared into a small plain area.  The small cat sat in the middle
licking it's paws.  "Oh, kitty."  The cat looked up in response and then ran
towards her.  Sasami outstretched her arms preparing to catch the cat.
	"Sasami," it was the voice again. 
	"Who is it?" Sasami stood up and looked around.  There was a
dark robed figure standing in the middle of the field, only ten feet away. 
She gasped.
	"Do not be afraid little one."  The voice was somehow soothing,
but at the same time Sasami sensed she was somehow in danger.  It had a
hint of familiarity to it, like the voice of a grandparent that one hadn't seen
in a long time.  The rain suddenly increased.
	"I h-h-have to go now."  Sasami stared at the being.  All she could
see was a set of crimson eyes.
	"Oh, but why my dear?"  the being asked.  "What's your name,
sweet one?"
	"S-Sasami," the princess said.  She looked around trying to find
help.
	"There's nothing to be worried about."  The voice was soft. 
Sasami's eyes grew big as she stared at the figure almost hypnotized. 
"Now come here, child."
	Sasami walked towards the black cloaked figure.  Something was
drawing her closer.  Suddenly, a voice broke in.
	"Sasami, where are you?"  Washu was yelling.  Sasami turned
around and then looked back to find the creature had disappeared.  Washu
came through the clearing riding Azaka.  "Sasami, there you are!  What
are you doing out here?"
	Sasami snapped awake.  "I-I don't know.  Where am I?"
	"Hmmmm," Washu looked around at the clearing.  "Let's go, the
rains picking up again."  
	Kamadake suddenly broke through the brush, "Princess Sasami,
your sister Ayeka requests your immediate attention."
	"Oh, all right."  Sasami turned about, she couldn't remember what
had just happened.  The only thing that stayed in her mind was a set of
crimson eyes.  Quickly she jumped on Kamadake and raced back to the
house with Washu trailing slightly.

*****

	Tenchi leaned back in the bath water, letting it soak his skin.  His
fingers rubbed the bruise on his ribs.  <What was Grandpa doing?>  The
swelling had gone down, considering though that there wasn't much to
begin with.  Ryoko had led him to the bath and then went off somewhere,
probably to talk to Ayeka.  To think that years ago Ryoko would have
fought Ayeka to the death almost if she had tried to take Tenchi into a
bath.
	Ayeka had become a trusted friend over the years.  Tenchi had
grown to trust her greatly.  Tenchi shifted in the water and winced at the
pain it caused.  No ribs were broken ... at least he could be thankful for
that.  The soft rhythmic beat of the rain mixed in with his thoughts. 
Nightfall had fully taken over now.  The darkness stretched across the sky
and the first few stars began to shine through the patches of clouds.
	<What had Ryoko been talking about earlier in the morning? 
What could be so powerful that Ryoko couldn't even stand a chance?.> 
She had seemed pretty worried.  Not that she hadn't been before, but
somehow this was different.  There was something about the way she
sensed things this time.  <And what was The Darkness?>  He was worried
for her, but that wasn't the whole reason.  What if it really was coming for
him?  If she couldn't stop it, what would happen if he couldn't stop it? 
Best to stop thinking about it for now.
	"Hmmm," Tenchi brought his head under the water and then
suddenly realized that he had been there for over an hour.  Quickly, he
jumped out and dried off with the towel and ran out the door.  Ryoko was
sitting on the couch in her blue and pink dress(OVA 1).
	"Ohhhh, Tenchi!"  Ryoko launched herself off of the couch and
grabbed him.  Nobuyuki was standing in the kitchen with Sasami.  
	Tenchi lost his balance and began to fall backwards.  Ryoko
grabbed him and pulled him up.  Ayeka blushed as she was coming out of
the room next to the bath.  Washu came out of the storage room and raced
into the kitchen. 
	Tenchi raced up the stairs and dressed quickly and then returned. 
Dinner was already set out on the table.  Sasami sat at the far end.
	"What a day!"  Nobuyuki exclaimed.  "You'll never believe what
happened at the office!"
	Tenchi rolled his eyes.

*****

	Motoko pushed her way through the hallways of people.  The gem
burned on her chest along with the scars on her shoulders.  She could feel
the plasma pistol on her belt.  She didn't exactly know where she was
going, but everyone seemed to be headed in the same direction.  Motoko
jumped up and looked forward.  There was a large gate that hid what was
behind it.  Heavy-set troopers stood before it.
	From the looks of things, the troopers were handling heavy plasma
rifles.  It looked like some kind of weapons check or customs' searches. 
The guards had Class VIII bulk armor and riot helmets.  There were
definitely more behind the gate, but nothing could be seen past that point. 
The crowd slowed near the opening.  There was a side door that Motoko
hadn't seen when she looked before. 
	The people before her muttered something to the guard and was
pulled off to the side.  The guard looked at her.  His eyes were hidden
because of the visor on the riot helmet.  "Name ...serial number ... purpose
of business for coming aboard."  
	"Hazaki, Motoko.  2819570DB.  Transportation to the Tranquis
IV."  Motoko stared at the man as he looked her over.
	"Weapons?  Potential explosives?  A gentle reminder ... if you lie
to us now and we catch you later, the penalties will be much more severe." 
The guard stowed his rifle and looked towards Motoko.
	Quietly she reached behind her back and pulled out the plasma
pistol.  The guard took it and pulled back the safety lever.  He dissembled
the weapon quickly and handed it back.  "You can resemble it at junction
F7.  Move on."
	Motoko took the pieces and stuffed them into her pocket coat.  She
brushed the purple strands of hair from her face and walked through the
gate.  The room was totally white with huge lights.  Four small objects
suddenly separated from the wall and faced her from all four sides.  Thin
blue beams emitted from the points and traced themselves over her body. 
A minute passed and then a voice rang out.
	"Move into the next room and keep your eyes closed."  
	Motoko followed orders and entered the next room through a door
that appeared a few feet in front of her.  She closed her eyes once she
reached the center of the room.  There was a loud hiss and then she could
sense the flashes of different kinds of light on her.  The temptation to open
her eyes crossed her mind momentarily.
	The voice spoke again:  "Move through the door to your right. 
Welcome aboard the Kensington."
	Motoko moved to her right and suddenly was in a large room that
looked like a cafeteria.  There were several tables and people loitered here
and there.  There was a large burley-looking man standing near the door
that she had just gone through.
	"This is the cafeteria.  There are other rooms through that door for
other various activities.  While you're on this ship, you keep your weapon
or weapons stowed.  Report to the main clearing office down the hall and
to the right.  They'll give you a room and a keycard.  That's your
identification."  He paused and looked at the small watch on his wrist. 
"When we reach your destination, we'll alert you twenty-four hours in
advance.  Understood?"  It was more of a command then a question.
	"Yes."  Motoko still looked around the room for a second longer
and then left out the main doors.  The hallways were well light and
appeared clean.  Doors covered the hallway, each opposite the other.  Few
were open.  Quietly she turned right and heard voices come into earshot. 
She passed one of the open doors and looked in.  There was a large class
of thirty people and a short man standing behind a desk with a large
looking weapon.  Curiously, Motoko poked her head in and listened.
	"This is your standard four-point, eight kilo, fully
automatic-electric-blowback operated-caseless-10mm-M41-A pulse-rifle. 
It carries a 100 round mag of armor piercing, or a 100 round mag of
antipersonnel, or a 75 round clip of rainbow tracer ammunition."  He
paused and then flipped the weapon over to expose the underside and
pointed at a small opening.  "Mounts an over and under 30mm
pump-action grenade launcher."
	Motoko smiled as she recognized the name.  Her pulse-rifle had
been one of the newest models in its time.  This one was top of the line. 
There had been many improvements over the years.  She laughed to
herself silently.
	Motoko pulled her head out and picked a few small strands of
purple hair out of her face.  <Weapons training class ... strange for a
transport vessel.>  Recollecting herself she proceeded down the hallway
and then stopped in front of two huge glass doors.  She pushed them open
and entered, taking note of the guards a few steps away.  The small gem
began to heat up.
	There was a small woman sitting behind a huge desk.  "May I help
you?"  
	"Yes, I think so.  Ummm, I was told to come here."  Motoko
scanned the area.
	"Just came on board?  Hmmm ... well can I see your ID card?" 
The woman looked up with a set of huge eyes.
	Motoko paused and then reached into her pocket and handed it to
the woman.  The scars were starting to heat up.
	"Well, Ms. Hazaki your room is in the C wing and in Block 3279. 
We will reach your destination in about three solar days.  Within 24 hours
of arrival we will notify you.  Thank you very much."  The secretary
handed back the card.  "There are internal map terminals throughout the
ship.  You can locate your room on the one just outside the door."
	Motoko took the card and then headed back out the way she came. 
The guards shifted slightly as the door whooshed open.  This was going to
be some trip.

*****

	Ayeka slowly scanned the room she had been placed in.  It was
Tenchi's old room.  Casually she dropped herself onto the seat for the desk
and relaxed.  The rain splattered against the windows, the sound
reverberated through the house.  <Would it ever stop?>  Azaka and
Kamadake were still outside with Sasami.  Kamadake had come flying as
fast as possible to her only moments earlier.  He had gibbered something
about losing Sasami.  Ayeka had sent him off to search for her, knowing
that somebody must be with her.
	The luggage had been unpacked and sent up to her room. 
Carefully she opened a log-like container and produced a small picture.  It
was of Tenchi, herself, and Ryoko sitting together on the steps of the
house.  
	"So long ago," she pulled the picture close as a wave of sadness
spread over her.  Those were the days when everything was so happy. 
They were all together, it was like...like a carnival, everyday.  But that all
came to an end.  Ayeka had realized that and had gotten over it.  But
sometimes she yearned for those years back.  Those days when they didn't
worry about was happening tomorrow.
	Sasami suddenly burst through the door sopping wet.  "Sasami,"
Ayeka gasped.  "What happened?"
	Sasami caught her breath and looked up at her big sister.  "I was
racing Washu and it was raining."
	"Hmmm," Ayeka giggled slightly.  Sasami's hair was totally
slicked down and her bangs were plastered to her face.
	"What is it?"  Sasami rung out her hair as best she could.  "Why
did you call me?"
	"Well, I just wanted to make sure you were all right."  Ayeka
looked out the window again towards the rain.
	"I'm fine, what about you?  You look sad."  Sasami frowned
slightly and followed Ayeka's gaze.  "Don't worry it'll stop raining."
	"Oh, I know that, it's just.."  Ayeka paused.
	"Ayeka?"  Sasami had a quizzical look no her face.
	"Yes, Sasami." 
	"What's 'The Darkness'?"  
	Ayeka wheeled around to face her sister.  "WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY?"

*****

	The Keeper watched as the space pirate sat on the porch.  She
couldn't see him, but it didn't matter if she could.  The new one ... the
princess ... was too close.  She knew too much and that was a problem. 
The patterns of the future could be ruined.  All his planning gone.  It was
time to send a small wake up call.

*****

	Ryoko sat upon the porch watching the rain slid down the steps. 
The ground had almost totally liquified and Ryoko couldn't remember the
last time that it had rained so much.  The trees seemed to shift slightly and
small figures jumped from place to place.  Ryoko perked up and stared at
the trees.  There was something moving.
	"Hello?"  Ryoko yelled towards the trees.  There was more
movement and then something small rolled out from the foliage.
	It looked like a black ball.  But there seemed to be some kind of
fur around it.  Ryoko stood up and peered at the small object.  Two more
appeared and fell behind the first.  <What the hell were those things?> 
Ryoko looked around to see if anyone was near her.  No one.  The first
ball unrolled itself.  The thing was all black and hairless on the underside. 
The face was indistinguishable from the rest of its body.
	"What the hell are you?"  Ryoko said aloud.  She thought about
calling someone and then decided she could handle it.
	The first thing slowly wiggled around and then talons sprouted
from it's body ...long sleek black nails.  The thing started to grow in size
until it was Ryoko's height.  A massive set of jagged teeth appeared and it
suddenly went back on it's legs and landed on all fours.  The leg muscles
knotted and then it prepared to jump.
	Ryoko reeled back in surprise, "What the-"  The beast jumped.
	Ryoko teleported a few meters away just as the beast landed. 
"Bastard!" Ryoko screamed and materialized her energy sword.  She held
the shard of orange light and then leaped into the air.  The beast seemed to
stop and watch Ryoko for a second.  At the last second it jutted forward
until it was underneath Ryoko's stomach.  Then a large, black, clawed
hand raced up towards her abdomen.
	Ryoko, shocked, flew upwards and flipped behind the hideous
demon.  Rain hindered her vision some but she could still see.  She raced
forward and slashed the beast.  The orange saber ripped through tough
flesh.  A thick black fluid sprayed from the wound.  The beast reared on
it's hind legs and then brought a clawed arm around to swipe at her.  
	Ryoko summoned a ball of golden light.  What was this thing? 
She threw the golden ball and watched it make contact with the demon. 
The thing flew back several meters.  Smoke rose from it's chest and more
black fluid slicked it's body.
	Ryoko teleported within close range and made a slash at its right
arm.  There was a sudden crack as her blade made contact with its arm. 
Bones snapped and then the arm fell to the ground.  The demon brought
its left hand up to attack Ryoko.  Ryoko pulled her sword upwards and the
demons hand ran through the point of the sword.  Ryoko jerked back and
ripped the orange shard through its hand and flew back.
	The beast shuddered slightly and then fell to the ground.  The
black blood became slightly deluded by the ran.  Ryoko looked around for
the other two things but they had disappeared.  Suddenly she felt a searing
pain on her left biceps.  Ryoko looked down and saw a claw buried into
the arm.  <The demon was still alive!>  
	"Ahhhhhhh,"  Ryoko screamed more in anger than in pain.  The
demon was still moving.  Quickly Ryoko brought the sword down and
watched as it ripped through the demons skull.  The massive jaws split
into two sides and then black liquid vomited from the head.  The black
ooze shot up into the air.
	The demon made a final jerk and then fell, again.  Ryoko grabbed
the claw and pulled it from her arm.  "Ahhh, shit!!"  There was a suction
sound and then blood spewed from the open wound.  "Goddammitt. 
TENCHI!!!  WAHSU!!! ANYONE!!!"
	The rain fell in heavy droplets.  There was a crack of lightening
and then thunder raced across the sky to find its blue partner.  Ryoko
pulled her hand away from her arm and saw black fluid mixed with her
blood.  A sudden wave of dizziness washed over her.  <Gotta make it to
the house,> she thought.  Struggling, she tried to levitate and fell to the
ground.  Mud splattered everywhere, mixing with her own blood.
	There was more lightening and then a clap of thunder.  She lifted
herself up off the ground and made it to her feet.  Dizzily, she tried to
balance herself.  Ryoko took a step and bile rose into her throat.  Blood
drenched her clothes and body.  She took another step and then keeled
over.  Vomit spewed from her mouth onto the ground.  The bitter taste
resonated in her mouth.
	Her hair was drenched and covered in mud.  Ryoko looked around
... her vision turning blurry.  A sudden pain jabbed at her stomach.  She
fell to the ground in the mud and managed to flip over onto her back. 
<Someone will come looking for me> she thought.
	A ray of sunshine broke through the cloud's defense.  Ryoko had
no idea how long she had been laying there.  The rain had suddenly
stopped and a thought ran through her head.  <It can't rain all the time.>

*****

	Washu settled down in her laboratory.  It had been a long day.  She
was tired ... very tired ... and hungry.  Sasami would start making dinner
pretty soon.  Speaking of Sasami, Washu thought, <what had happened to
her in that clearing?>  She didn't even remember.  It was odd ... Sasami
had totally blanked when Washu found her.  What had caused Kamadake
to just shut down?  Even the guardian had no recollection of what
happened.
	Several thoughts raced through her mind.  Quickly, she tapped at
the console and it sparked to life.  Her small hands raced from button to
button in a frenzy.  She scanned the energy signature from the field. 
Everything was normal, there were small amounts of abnormal particles
scattered randomly but nothing to cause suspicion.  Suddenly, the huge
monitors blinked to life.
	Several graphs were displayed as Washu looked over the data. 
There was large amounts of quantum energy being dispelled somewhere. 
Washu analyzed the signature ... something looked familiar about it.  
	"IT'S RYOKO'S!!!!"  Washu screamed.  It was coming from
outside.  There was another source.  Something foreign, not from this
planet.  Hurriedly, Washu leaped from the chair and ran through the door
of the laboratory.  She entered a large room and then another door
appeared in front of her.  She opened the door and ran threw it.  
	Washu exited the storage room of the Masaki residence.  Nobuyuki
was sitting at the table and Washu could hear Ayeka yelling.  She couldn't
make out the exact words but it sounded like Ayeka was yelling for
someone to repeat themselves.  Tenchi sat on the couch watching the
television silently.
	"TENCHI, COME ON!!"  Tenchi and Nobuyuki stared up at the
mad scientist who waved her hand towards the door.  Washu ripped open
the door and saw Ryoko laying by the steps.  There was a strange carcass
nearby.  Washu could hear Tenchi gasp.
	"RYOKO!!!"  Tenchi ran down the steps and cradled his wife in
his arms.  "Oh God, NO!!" 
	There was a soft moan as Tenchi touched the wound on her arm. 
Washu jumped down the steps and landed nearby.  "Get her to the lab," 
she watched as Tenchi paused.  "NOW!"
	Nobuyuki stood at the doorway, "Go get Lord Katsuhito!"  Washu
yelled.  The little woman raced back up the stairs and grabbed the storage
door before it closed.  This was not good at all.  

*****

	Lord Katshutio sat quietly in the shrine.  The Darkness, was near. 
He could feel it ...  the power it possessed.  He sipped his tea and let the
steam cloud his glasses.  What would he do if they couldn't defeat it? 
<They must!  But, if they couldn't, what would they do?>  He could hear a
set of feet racing up the steps outside.  Nobuyuki burst into the room, out
of breath.
	"Father!"  he gasped.  
	Lord Katsuhito already knew.  "So it begins."

To Be Continued.....

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author's notes:  Well, well, well.  So it begins.  Hope you like it so far. 
The intro's almost over.  There's still a couple more characters that are
coming, but don't worry things are starting to pick up.  The next
installment will finish off The Darkness book.  There will be 3 chapters in
a book, and 2 books in a volume.  So, if you see this series later with a
different title, IT'S STILL THE SAME STORY.  
I would highly appreciate any feedback.  I am still taking ideas for the
baby's name.     
Bye, for now.