DISCLAIMER:  The Tenchi Muyo character are the property of AIC and
Pioneer respectively.  I receive no monatary compensation for the
production of this work of fiction.
__________
DETAILS:   This is the start of a three episode epic saga set in
a bybtid mix of OAV, Tenchi Universe, and the Shin Tenchi.  A few
chatacters and creations used in this fan fic are my own design
that took me years to develop.  This epic will start a whole series
of other stories that plan to maintain well into the future.
__________

THE DARK LORD OF JURAI SAGA

Episode One:  No Need for Shattered Realities

Written by Michael "The-Zorch" Haney
__________
Previously in our story...

	An intellegent alien space craft lands with a fatally injured passenger, and Washu is
his only hope.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka shock the family over their wedding to each other, and
Washu introduces the family to their latest house guest...the spaceship Kryton.  Later, Washu
tells Tenchi, about the impending danger against the Earth and the fact that she is powerless 
to stop it.  We last left them in Washu's lab where the others are about to learn the bad news.
__________
Chapter 4 - Orrin Awakens

	"Come again, Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked him.
	"That is the instrument of our destruction.  There is something in orbit of the Earth
that is threatening to send the moon crashing into the plaent." he said.
	"I hope this is some wild joke, right." Ryoko smiled.
	"Its no joke.  In ten days the moon is going to hit the Earth." he said.
	"Oh, great Tsunami!" Aeka cried.  She covered her mouth with her hands in shock.
	"Mother, why aren't you doing something about this?" Ryoko asked angrily.
	"I tried, some force out there is blocking me.  Its been jamming my sensor instruments
too." Washu said.
	"You said you might have insights into this, what are they?" Tenchi asked Kryton.
	"Its better to speak to Lord Orrin, he is a far better scientist than I am, and he knows
more about this sort of thing than I do." Kryton replied.
	"Washu, you said an hour is all he needs now." Tenchi asked her.
	"One hour and Orrin will be as good as new." she said.
	"Good, send him out as soon as he's up and about, ok." Tenchi told her.
	"Anything you say, Tenchi." she replied.

	Everyone filed out of her lab so she could get back to work.  Washu walked over to a
table where Orrin's clothes and equipment was layed out neatly.  She had inspected everything,
and discovered that the young prince carried quite an arsonal of weaponry.  She found three
small energy pistol, an energy rifle that could be broken down, a personal force field device,
a personal cloaking device, several grenades of different types she was unfamiliar with, and
a strange sword handle with a large gemstone at the hilt.  This one artifact seemed to be
eminating strange power readings that seemed similar to Ryoko's gems and the spaceship Kryton.
Which, of course, meant that it had magical properties, she realized.  The fabric of his
clothing was soft but it was actually a kind of strong metal, and there was a seam that ran
along the back, along the back of each arms and leg, and around the collar that she was
curious about.  The seam appeared to be a device for converting energy into matter, but for
what purpose she could not determine.  She turned away from the artifacts and went over to the
regeneration tank that Orrin floated in.  It was nearly time to bring him out.

	The family, with the exception of Washu, was gathered in the living room.  Tenchi sat on
the couch with Aeka on one side and Ryoko on the other.  He had his arm around Aeka as she
rested her head on his shoulder.  Ryoko was holding onto Tenchi's other arm as if she were
afraid to let him go.  Mihoshi was gushing out torrents of tears as she crush Khyone in a
hug.  Sasami and Ryu-Ohki were silently sitting on the floor.  Noboyuki was kneeling before
the miniature shrine to his late wife, and Yosho was up at the shrine performing a 
marriage.  Kryton just stood ouside the ring of friends and was not sure what to do.
	"We could always take off in Ryu-Ohki and find us another planet." Ryoko said.
	"What about the 6 billion other people?" Tenchi asked her.
	"Oh, ya, your right." she said quietly.
	"Washu can find a way to stop this can't she?" Sasami asked.
	"I hope so, I really hope so." Tenchi said.
	"Once his lordship awakens we might have more of a chance." Kryton said.
	"Is Orrin a good scientist?" Ryoko asked him.
	"As good as your Little Washu, and probably better." Kryton replied.
	"Don't let Washu hear you say that." Ryoko said.

	Washu was in a wash of conflicting emotions.  On one hand she was frustrated and scared
that she could not stop the rift from shifting the orbit of the moon.  And, on the other the
young man she was about extract from the regeneration tank was a dead likeness for her husband
from long ago.  She knew he was not him, but the resemblance was so uncanny.  She wondered if
he was anything like him.  Kryton told her he was a scientist and a good one, and he was also
a member of a royal family.
	She keyed in a sequence into her holopad to begin the final regeneration process before
bringing him out.  A beam of light shown on Orrin's body in the tank.  He was naked but a 
piece to instrumentation inside the tank covered the more interesting parts of his anatomy.
Slowly Orrin began to rise out of the tank and into another chamber, when the transfer was done
there was a bright flash of light and the sound of crackling electricity.  Orrin was slowly
transfered from that chamber and lowered onto an examination table in the lab.  Washu was in
her nurse's outfit now as she approached the unconscious prince.
	Washu tapped in another sequence onto her holopad and a white robe materialized around
Orrin's body.  Slowly the form began to move.  Orrin opened his eyes, his vision was a bit
blurred, and then he found himself in complete alien surroundings.
	He sat up and his eyes fell upon Washu.  -He even has his eyes.  Steady girl.-
	"Who are you?" he asked with a weak voice.
	"I'm Washu, but you can call me Little Washu." she said.
	"Alright, Little Washu, can you tell me where I am?" he asked.
	"Your in my lab.  You were pretty badly banged up so your ship brought you here." she
said.
	Orrin climbed off the examination table slowly on legs that were still a little weak and
walked up to her.  "Kryton is here, right now?" he asked.
	"He's in the house waiting for you with my friends." she said.
	"I want to thank you, Little Washu." said Orrin as he touched her shoulder.
	At that moment Orrin's innner Setari powers came to life.  Strange visions swirled in his
mind.  He saw an image of himself with a baby in his arms walking away from a woman who looked
like the child he was standing in front of right now.  He was the scene of a raging battle in
space.  He saw a cryan haired woman with an energy sword in her hand standing with a young
man, and a purple hair woman stood next to them.  He felt her fear, it was strong, and he saw
the image of the moon of this planet crashing into the surface.  Orrin could see what appeared
to be a thread, or beam, pointing straight into Washu's mind.  He felt the beam and knew what
it was and saw it for what it was.  He broke the beam and setup a block in her mind to prevent
it from forming inside her again.
	When the vision subsided Orrin found himself on the floor with Little Washu kneeling 
beside him.  Her face was a mask of intense worry and concern.  He slowly sat up when a hand
touched his shoulder.  He looked up expecting to see Little Washu, but what he saw was the red
haired woman from his vision.
	"What happened, are you alright?" she asked.
	"Little Washu?" Orrin asked looking at her.
	"Yes, its me." she said.
	"When I touched you, I had a vision.  Your were under a psychic attack with ab irrational
fear." he said.
	Washu did notice that the fear that nearly crippled her was now completely gone.  She
looked at her consoles and noticed that the fear she felt at trying to stop the rift was not
there either.  "Psychic attacks, by whom?" she asked.
	"The Darkness." Orrin said.
	"What is the Darkness." she asked.
	"They are the most vile creatures in existance." Orrin told her.  "If they are here we
are all in serious danger."
	Washu helped Orrin stand back up and walked him over to a comfortable seat she called up
for him.  They sat together as he explained everything to her.  Orrin told her of his mission
to stop the Imperium, the rediscovery of Etherealology, and several ancient legends foretold
by the Elo'Quin.  He explained that the major religion in the galaxy accepted these legends as
doctrine, and they have been awaiting from them to be fulfilled.  Recent events that have taken
place in his life have been written in the legends of the Elo'Quin.  When he redicovered the
science of Etherealology it was then that he learned of the horrible truth behind the
disappearance of the Elo'Quin by the hands of the Darkness.  he recounted his first encounter
with the monsterous creatures and that they nearly killed him.
	"They were more powerful than anything I've ever faced before." he explained.
	"They must be to destroy a civilization with that much power." Washu said.
	"The Elo'Quin still exist, but they are scattered across the galaxy.  There were even
some evidence that some crossed to other dimensions." he said.
	"This Darkness, if the Elo'Quin came here to this universe, would they have followed
them?" asked Washu.
	"Most certainly.  The Darkness feared the power of the Elo-Quin because only magic or
magical weapons can harm them." he explained.
	"What is the Darkness, what type of race are they?" she asked.
	"The Darkness is a race of creatures we call the Darklings.  They were once ordinary life
forms that were infected by a symbiant that survives by feeding upon the lifeforce of other
creatures.  You could say they are a kind of vampire." Orrin explained.
	"And, that fear I was feeling?" she asked.
	"Was one of their means of attack." he said.
	"What happens now that they can no longer effect me?" she asked.
	"They will come here, most likely." he said darkly.
	"If there are no Elo'Quin on earth why would they come here?" Washu asked.
	"That is something we'd better find out and quickly before they decide to act in person."
he said.
	"Will we be able to stand a chance?" she asked.
	"As I said, only magic hurts them and nothing else." Orrin said.
	"Only a few of us here have magical powers." she said.
	"I feel a magical power in that stone on your wrist." Orrin said.
	Washu lifted her arms to show the gem that Tenchi had given her and all the girls after
the battle with Kagato.  They were the same gems they used when they confronted Yugi in her
palace.
	"It was a gift from someone very dear to me." she said.
	Orrin touched the gem and he closed his eyes for a minute.  The gem glowed for an 
instant before he let it go.  "Its protecting you from their mind control attack." he said.
	"They're trying to control my mind?" she asked a little shocked.
	"Darklings possess immense psychic and magical powers." he said.
		
	An alarm began to go off in the lab and Washu ran to her holocomputer.  The rift was
starting to change.  "The harmonic frequency of the rift has changed.  I am detecting a
strange quantum space distortion forming.  It appears to be near the house!"
	"Let me see the wave patterns." Orrin said.
	A complex spectrographic display of the distortion appeared on another holoscreen.
	"Its another rift, and something is coming through." he said.
	"Is it them?" Washu asked.
	"No, this one is appears to be human." Orrin replied.

	Sakuya was tired but it had been a good walk.  She knew she should not have gone out
alone but she enjoyed the brisk autumn air.  The cool breeze felt good on her since she was 
having another one of those hot flashes.  Tenchi would be worried about her and she knew that
Achika would lecture her about leaving the house by herself like this.  It had been several
weeks since she moved in with him and his family and already they were treating her like one of
their own.
	She was making the turn that would lead to the path to the house when she noticed a
strange patch of fog.  It was odd to see fog in weather this cold, but then she was new to this
region of Japan.  She walked into the fog and felt a momentary feeling of vertigo as if she 
were falling.  She leaned herself against a tree at the side of the path and put her hand on
her bulging stomach.  The tiny life within was starting to kick again.  A pang of hunger went
through her and she knew it was time to feed her baby.  Tenchi insisted that she move in with
him at his house when he learned that the child was his.  He wanted to do the right thing, and
in a few short weeks they would be wed at his grandfather's shrine.
	Slowly Sakuya stood up and started down the path again.  The weather seemed to have
changed all of a sudden, it was a bit colder now, and the fog was beginning to fade away.  She 
neared the house and suddenly noticed several things out of place.  Since when, she thought, 
did Tenchi's house have a greenhouse?  When she reached the edge of the Masaki property she
noticed something strange about the entrace.  The gate to the fron yard was guarded on either
side by two large wooden cylinders.  Each one has a round gem in the center and a strange
red and blue character written on it that looked like Japanese but was not.  She scratched her
head and wondered if this was some sort of project Tenchi and his dad had been working on while
she was gone.  How could they have put all this up so fast, she thought.  She was only gone for
an hour.
	She pushed her way through the gate and did not notice the two cylinders turning around
to look at her as she walked by.  Slowly, her feet starting to hurt, she walked up to the house
and half expected to see Achika running out yelling at her.  Nobody seemed to notice she was
even coming which was odd.  They should have noticed she was gone a long time ago.
	Sakuya walked onto the front porch of the house and heard several unfamiliar voice
coming from inside.  They must have company over, she though.  She pulled out her keys and
tried to unlock the front door, but the key that Tenchi gave her would not fit the lock.  He
wouldn't have changed the locks on her.  Just that day he had kissed her and told her how much
he love her and the baby, and that he was looking forward to their wedding day.  She was
getting scared now and didn't know what to make of all these strange changes.  She gathered her
courage and knocked on the door.

	Tenchi and the gang were sitting in the living room talking about the situation they
facing.  They had 10 days to figure out a way to stop the moon from hitting the Earth.  Washu
seemed powerless to stop it, for now.  They needed to hear from Prince Orrin who might be able
to help.
	"I think I'll go and start lunch." Sasami said.
	"May I assist you, mi'lady." Kryton asked.
	"Sure, I wouldn't mind the company." she smiled.
	"What's taking Washu so long?" Khyone snorted.
	"She said Prince Orrin was very badly injured.  We need to give her time to tend to him." 
Aeka said.
	"Everyone, please stay calm.  I know we are all on edge." Yosho spoke up.
	Everyone in the house jumped at the sound of a knock at the front door.
	"Who could that be?" Tenchi said as he got up to answer the door.
	
	Tenchi walked up to the door and opened it.  For a few seconds he stood there not sure
what to say or do.  He felt as if he were in a whirlwind and he was just a leaf.  Aeka and
Ryoko felt the powerful feeling of distress in their loved one's mind and rushed to his side.
Tenchi was white as a ghost and looke as if he had just seen one.  His eyes were as wide as
sauce pans.  The two women looked at the person standing inside the doorway looking at them
with shock on her face.  She pulled back a hood that covered her head and they gasped at the
sight of a face that neither of them thought they were ever see again.  Sakuya.
__________
Chapter 5 - Hello Sakuya...

	Ryoko's first thought was that Yugi had woke back up and she was up to her old tricks
again.  She reached out and grabbed Sakuya by the scruff of the neck and gave the young girl a
deadly look.  Sakuya's face was white as a sheet and her eyes reflected terror.  Aeka had a
similar feeling and was about to join Ryoko when she noticed something about Sakyua.  She look
at the young girl and saw her large bulging stomach.  She gasped and grabbed Ryoko's arm.
	"Ryoko, stop.....she's pregnant!" she exclaimed.
	"Huh!" she said in surprise and looked down at her.
	"Oh my God!" Ryoko breathed when she noticed her stomach.
	Tenchi came out of his shock at seeing Sakuya alive again and rushed in between her and
his wives.  He put his arms up to block them.
	"Girls, please don't hurt her!  Lets find out why she's here." he said.
	"I know exactly why she's here." Aeka said bitterly.
	"I have forgiven you for falling in love with her, but this is too much Tenchi!" Ryoko
spat.
	"Hey, now, you don't think....I mean I'm not...oh boy." he said, his face faultering.
	"Tenchi!" came Sakuya voice with a shiver of fear.  "What's going on, who are these two
girls and why are they being so mean to me?"
	It was then that Washu burst out of her lab.  She look over the situation in the room and
saw Tenchi guarding a frightened figure at the front door from Aeka and Ryoko who were seething
with rage.  The rage was directed at him.
	"This is unforgivable Lord Tenchi.  You neve told us you made love to her!" Aeka shouted.
	"I didn't!  I sware!  I'm as confused about her being here as much as you are!" he
pleaded.
	"Tenchi, we love each other, why are you saying those things." Sakuya started crying.
	"I can explain that." Washu spoke up.
	Everyone looked at the red headed scientist who was still in her adult form.  She walked
up to Tenchi and looked at Sakuya.  Her eyes went wide for a minute when she noticed the girl 
was at least 6 months pregnant.  She ran a scanner over the girl for a second and looked at the
readings on it.
	"Miss Washu, what are you doing?" Aeka asked.
	"Scanning Sakuya's quantum resinance frequency and comparing it with our own." she
replied.
	"What is that for?" Ryoko asked.
	"I'll tell you in a minute." Washu said.
	The device beeped and she looked at the display.  Her eyebrow went up in surprise.
	"Well, mo-om?" Ryoko asked, her hands on her hips.
	"Just as I thought.  I detected a quantum spacial distrubance near the house.  Sakuya
here does not have the same quantum resinance frequency we have."  said Washu.
	"In plain Japanese please, Little Washu." Tenchi said.
	"Sakuya here is from another dimension." she replied.

	Sakuya sat on the couch with everyone looking at her.  She felt like an exhibit at a 
freak show the way they were looking at her.  Tenchi sat next to her with those two girls, Aeka
and Ryoko, sitting behind him.  She was scared and didn't quite know how to deal with what she
was just told.  She felt like she was in an episode of the Twilight Zone, and was expecting to
see Rod Serling show up.  She barely understood what she was told, quantum resinance
frequencies, quantum spacial distortions.  This sounded more like things from Star Trek rather
than things that could effect her.
	All she could understand was that the man who looked, sounded, and talked like the Tenchi
she fell in love with and got pregnant by was not the Tenchi she knew.  The two girls sitting
behind him were his two wives.  The other women in the house were as beautiful as the his
wives, but they were just his close friends.  The one person she did not see as Achika.
	"Tenchi, where is your mother?" she asked.
	"She died when I was 5 years old." he replied.
	"I'm so sorry." she said.
	"Do you meed anything?  Sasami is making lunch, she is a very good cook." he asked.
	"We are getting a little hungry." she said patting her belly.
	"We don't own that little hussy anything, Tenchi." Ryoko said.
	Tenchi turned around to her.  "Ryoko!  This isn't the Sakuya we know, or I should say we
knew.  Please, be nice to her."
	"What did, I, myself from his universe do that was so terrible?" Sakuya said with a
trembling voice.
	"That little hussy tried to steal Tenchi away from us." Ryoko snapped.  "She was an evil
bitch and I hate her guts!"
	"Ryoko!  Sakuya was not evil.  And neither was Yugi if you remember?" he scolded her.
	"What are you talking about?" Sakuya asked.
	Tenchi decided to start from the beginning to explain their situation.  Sakuya was
shocked to learn that all the girls in the house were from outer space, that Ryoko was some
sort of being created in a labratory, and the Aeka was a princess.  She was even more shocked
that Tenchi himself was one fourth alien, and his grandfather was an alien as well.  He told
the story of the battle with Kagato in space, his trip to Tokyo to perform a duty of family
honor and his encounter with Sakuya, from this universe.  He explained the strange things that
seemed to follow them everwhere they went.  He admitted that he fell in love the Sakuya of his
universe, but it was too late and she died.  In fact, she had never been real to begin with
because she was the creation of a little girl name Yugi who came from Princess Aeka's homeworld
and possessed incredible powers.  She had been trying to break up the family so she could get
to Sasami and steal her away without interference.  She nearly succeeded in ruining their
entire relationship with each other.  When it was all over Yugi volunteered to go into stasis
until she was ready to be a part of normal society.  She had never been evil to begin with and 
was just a lonely and misunderstood little girl.  In the end they all got back together and 
decided to try and heal the emotional wounds they suffered.  This continued until Tenchi 
started dating both Aeka and Ryoko in order to keep them from constantly fighting over him.  
This only lead him to fall in love with both girls, and thus lead to him marrying both girls in 
an ancient Juraian ritual called the Great Bond.
	"You guys can like talk telepathicly.  Wow!" she said excited.
	"Its deeper then that, but, ya, we can." Tenchi said.
	"That is so cool!" Sakuya said.  "And, your all aliens?"
	"With an exception of me, and Tenchi is just one fourth alien." Noboyuki said.
	"Sakuya, listen, Aeka and me really acted like a couple of bitches." Ryoko said.
	"What Ryoko is trying to say is, we're sorry for the way we treated you." Aeka said.
	"Oh, its ok.  I'd act the same way if somebody tied to steal my Tenchi away." she said.
	"Where did you meet Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked her.
	"In school.  I fell for him the first day." she said blushing.  "We started dating about
three weeks later."
	"When did this happen." Tenchi asked looking at her stomach.
	"Oh, we went on a three day trip to the beach.  You, I mean my Tenchi, rented a beach
house.  I'll never forget that first night for as long as I live." she said whistfully.
	"Well, hopefully Washu can get you back home soon." Tenchi said.
	"I hope so, Achika probably has every police officer for 100 miles searching for me
right now." she said.
	"I still can't get over the fact that my mom is alive in your universe." Tenchi said.
	"Oh yes, and she's so nice to me." she said.
	Sasami and Kryton came out of the kitchen at that moment.  Sakuya got one look at the
avitar and her eyes went wide.  "Lunch is ready.....oh my God!" Sasami shouted at seeing
Sakuya alive and well, pregnant, and sitting on the living room couch.
	"I am missing something here, aren't I?" kryton asked them.
	"Does this mean Yugi is awake." Sasami asked a excitedly.
	"No, like our mechanical friend here she is from another dimension too." Tenchi said.
	Sasami looked very disappointed at that and she extended her hand out to Sakuya.
	"Hi, I'm Sasami." she said.
	"Nice to meet you, Sasami." Sakuya smiled.
	
	The door to Washu lab opened and she emerged with Prince Orrin in tow.  He walked stiffly
but was now able to get around a little better.  He was dressed in his royal uniform now and
was out of the robe that Washu had put him in.  The man was taller than Washu, with dark hair,
dark eyes, and a fair complection.  He seemed to have build similar to Tenchi's and looked to
be found 19 years of age, but they guess he was probably much older than that.
	"Everyone, may I present First Crown Prince Orrin Quintarin of the Setari Empire." Washu
said.
	"Hello." everyone said to him.
	"He may be able to help with the problem of the rift." she said.
	"That is great!" Mihoshi cheered.
	"But the worse is yet to come.  It appears that the rift is a result of an evil force."
she continued.
	The room became deathly quiet at that.
	"I don't want to frighten any of you, but if what his hightness told me is true then
we are going to be facing an evil that will make Kagato look like a walk in the park."
she told them in a very serious tone.
		
	Everyone except Kryton was gathered around the dinner table for lunch.  They enjoyed a
lite meal of rice balls, shrimp and various other dishes.  Sakuya took a seat next to Tenchi,
and Sasami made sure she had extra helpings which she quickly wolfed down.  Orrin tasted some
of the food and then joined in the meal with earnest.  Nobody talked for several minutes until
Sakuya was Ryu-Ohki appear from under the table with a carrot in her mouth.
	"What's that?  Oh, its so cute!" she shouted.
	"That's Ryu-Ohki." Tenchi told her.
	"Miya!" the cabbit meowed.
	"Is it a cat or a rabbit?" Sakuya asked.
	"She is a cabbit, and Ryoko's sister." Washu said.
	"She is not my sister, mo-om!" Ryoko shouted.
	"She came from my egg cells that I used to create you, so technically she is." Washu
replied.
	"Ummmmmm!" Ryoko growled.
	"This food is very good, Sasami." Sakuya commented.
	"Thanks, I really like to cook." she said.
	"You will make someone an excellent wife someday, princess." Orrin said.
	Sasami blushed furiously.
	"Just wait until dinner time, that is where she excels in the kitchen." Aeka said.
	"If she were only older, I would marry her." he replied.
	Sasami blushed again and hid her face.  This made everyone at the table break out in a
laugh.  It was good for them to have a little fun the light of what they were all facing.
Washu broke the mood, however when she spoke up.
	"After lunch, we are all meeting in my lab.  Prince Orrin and I have to brief you all on
what has been happening." she said.
	"Has the situation changed up there?" Tenchi asked her.
	"No.  But, I am afraid things have turned worse than I first realized." she said.
	"Maybe we shouldn't talk about this in front of Sakuya.  We might upset her." Aeka said.
	"She's in as much danger as we are while she is here." Washu said.
	"You can send her home, can't you?" Tenchi asked.
	"The quantum distortions generated by the rift make opening a doorway to her dimension
very dangerous right now." she replied.
	"What are you guys talking about?" Sakuya asked a little frightened now.  "What is this
about a rift and an evil force?"
	"You came at a bad time." Tenchi told her.  "There is a rip in the fabric of reality out 
in space and its going to make the moon crash into the Earth unless we repair it, in 10 days."
	"Oh my God!" she exclaimed putting her hands to her mouth.  "My baby!"
	"We won't let anything happen to your baby." Tenchi reassured her.
	She reflexively reached out to him and he held her.  Ryoko and Aeka gave him a dirty
look and he shrugged his shoulders at them.  Sakuya started sobbing into his chest.  He patted
her back and tried to calm her down.  Seeing Sakuya again and seeing her like this brought
back alot of old painful memories he thought he would never experience again.  It had taken
him a long time with the help of Aeka and Ryoko to forget Sakuya and hide the pain he felt from
her death.  Holding her in his arms again was making the pain of loosing her come back in full
force.  Aeka and Ryoko felt his distress and the nature of it.  -- Oh, Tenchi.  Its Ok, we are
here for you. -- Ryoko thought to him.  -- Be strong, Lord Tenchi. -- Aeka thought to him.

	They helped Sakuya up the stairs to Tenchi's room where she could get some rest.  She
was exhausted from her walk and from her crying.  When she was asleep they regrouped in Washu's
lab.  She had a display of the rift hovering before them.  Prince Orrin took a positon next to
her.  They explained the situation of the rift and the moon had not changed, but what they
did not anticipate was the explanation they received from Prince Orrin about the Darkness.  He
gave them similar information he gave to Washu.  By the time he was done they were all looking
at the rift a little more frightfully.
	"So, these creatures want to destroy the Earth, but why?" Ryoko asked.
	"When we die our life force is freed.  In that instant a Darkling can absorb it." Orrin
told her.  "Now imagine billions upon billions of living things dying at once."
	"Its an all you can eat buffet." Tenchi said.
	"Exactly." Orrin said.
	"Just wonderful." Aeka said rolling her eyes.
	"There is more.  Remember how scared I was earlier.  Well that was the result of a
psychic assult on my mind." Washu said.
	"The Darklings have immense psi powers and they can make you do almost anything they
want." Orrin told them.
	"And, remember these?" she asked as she held up her wrist to show the gem that Tenchi
had given her.  They were the ones that his mother had given him, and the ones that helped
him defeat Kagato by summoning the Light Hawk Sword.  "They are the only reason why they were
unable to take control of my mind."
	"Our gems protect us from them?" Ryoko said.
	"Their ethereal power protects you.  The Darklings are involnerable to all forms of 
atteck except magic and magical weapons." Orrin explained.
	"I was right, they are magic." Ryoko said.
	"That leaves out my blasters and the weapons on the Yugami." Khyone sighed.
	"I can upgrade them using principles of Etherealology." Orrin said.
	"I still don't understand why they are going after this planet?" Ryoko asked.
	"Its impossible to tell right now." Washu said.
	
	An alarm sounded from the holocomputer.  Orrin turned to look at the readings.  He 
whirled back around to them.
	"There are several quantum distortions forming around the countryside.  I read at least
five or six." he said.
	"Great, with my luck it'll be five or siz Sakuya's." Tenchi said.
	"Or worse, five or six Aeka's." Ryoko said.
	"That's not funny, Ryoko." Aeka scolded her.
	"Your right, its downright horrifying." she chuckled.
	-- Behave yourselves. -- Tenchi thought to them.
______________
End of Chapter Four...

If you enjoyed this fan fic please send me an email to zorch@the-zorch.com, subject line
"TM Fan Fic".  Coming up next in The Dark Lord of Jurai Saga, Episode One: Chapter 6 -
Shattered Realities, and Chapter 7 - Darkling Dawn.



