This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".  Characters that are made up such
as Jurai Ankoku-ou are my idea.  Please email me if you want to use
anything of mine.

Note:  The fight scenes from here on in can get fairly Dragon Ball
Z-ish, but hey, Tenchi Muyo has energy attacks, too (beam swords,
blasts out of the hands, etc.)!  And Dragon Ball Z is copyright
Toei Animation!

Note:  Jinmingmei = Tsunami

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 17 - "Escape from Shulei"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@aol.com
http://gundamotaku.terrashare.com


The sun rose from behind the mountains on Shulei.  The sky was
lit in a beautiful array of oranges and reds.  The mist added
a soft, lazy atmosphere to the sunrise.

Aolong had a terrible headache.  All he remembered was starting
a fight with Kaitu.  He remembered nothing after that.  It seemed
that his master intended on listening to his parents rather than
him.  He heard his parents conversing outside the door.   Still
lying down on the ground, he pretended to remain unconscious.

"So, Aoli.  What do you intend to do with our son?," Aolong's
mother asked.

"Aolong is completely out of control," the emperor stated, "I
have no choice but to use the seal.  I will prepare the seal
and begin channeling my energy into the Tiandijian."

"Do you really think it is necessary?," Baoliu shook her head.

"Yes," Aoli nodded, "Our son is too powerful for his own good.
If we don't do something fast our empire will fall to the foreign
devils," Aoli shuddered in disgust, "Worthless bunch of barbarians
and liars.  I should have given the order to use our full power and
lay waste to their entire planet!  If Jinmingmei wouldn't have sided
with our pompous brethren we could have just sat back and let her do
all the work!!!!!  We don't need the foreigners' technology!"

"That's enough, Aoli!," Baoliu pleaded, "They may be foreign but they
have souls, too!"

"You're as insane as Aolong!  I shouldn't have married a commoner!,"
Aoli boiled, "At any rate, I shall ready the seal!," he opened the
door to the room Aolong was in.

"Fine!," Aolong's mother stormed out of the room.

Aolong had his eyes open barely enough to see what was going on.
The emperor looked in at Aolong through the door, "Arrogant son I
have.  I'll teach him a lesson."  Aoli muttered some more things
under his breath and slammed the door.

"If that's what you think of me then I have no purpose being here,"
Aolong pushed himself off the bed he was on.  "So.  They don't
care about me.  I'll just have to leave out of here...with the
Tiandijian again.  We don't want to have a seal on our hands now;
do we?"  The headache was wearing off.  "Time to make a serious
escape again.  This time, without Kaitu getting in the way.  If
he's asleep I can make a break for it."

The prince got up and exercised a little, making no noise.  This
was his last stand if he wanted to get off Shulei; he would need
all the pre-escape warm-up time he could get.


Meanwhile at the landing site, Kiyone was using a laser cutter to cut
the tree that had fallen on Yagami.  This particular tree was average
size but it had caused a large crack in the hull.  The damage was
obvious ever since Kiyone had come back to the site.

"Mihoshi!," Kiyone called, "Help me move these wood blocks!."

No answer.

"Maybe she'll be here in a minute," Kiyone began to lift a very
heavy block.

Well, the block was a little TOO heavy.

"MIHOSHI!," Kiyone began to strain.

Mihoshi was on board her ship cleaning up the mess that the fight
between Aolong and Kaitu had made.  The shockwaves went a long way
and all of her books and belongings were strewn about.  She had
made the decision to work with a set of headphones on.

Kiyone couldn't take it anymore.  The block was getting extremely
heavy.  She couldn't just drop it or it would smash her foot.  The
poor GP officer let out a last cry for help.

"MIHOSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"Huh?," the blond GP officer removed her headphones.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!," the cry
echoed through the woods, stirring the animals.

A few minutes later...

Mihoshi was applying first aid to her injured partner, "I'm sorry,
Kiyone!  I was cleaning my ship and I heard you cry at the last
second and...  I'm sorry..."  Mihoshi sniffled.

"It's okay...  Don't worry.  My right leg and foot got hurt some...
OW!, Kiyone winced in pain.

Mihoshi jumped, startled at Kiyone's sudden scream, "I'm sorry!"

"I told you," the teal haired officer slumped, "Don't worry about
it. *sigh*"

"I wonder how Tenchi is doing?," Mihoshi tied more bandages and
dressing around Kiyone's leg.  "I wonder what's going to happen
to Aolong?  And what is going to happen to our home galaxy?"

"I don't know the answer to any of those questions.  In any
case, and at any rate...we have support.  But will it suffice?
I don't think the number of ships suggested by Aoli will help
us at all.  It will only postpone the total fall of the Light
Jurai Empire.  It will become inevitable at this rate that we
will have no future."

"But you didn't make a guess as to what will happen to Aolong,
Kiyone," Mihoshi finished tending to the wounds.

"That is up to the emperor," Kiyone stood up, "Let's get to
fixing Yagami.  We need to patch the hull and check the systems
before we go.  We'll probably leave in about a day or less.
Who knows, we may even leave tonight.  We'll have to wait
and get Tenchi to tell us the details."

"Okay!," Mihoshi got up and went with Kiyone into Yagami.


Mitsuki enjoyed having another chance at living.  Her life had
been spared many times in the field.  And it was all because of
the common people.  How did she thank them?  She killed them of
course.

The double agent had really made a mess this time.  There
was blood all over the inside of the hut.  And she had killed
someone that seemed of very high importance.  What was a man
like this doing in a run down place?  There was no time to
think.  Her victims had already screamed and attracted other
people nearby.  They were gathering just outside the door.

She took one last look at the man.  There was an imperial
seal like that of Jurai's embroidered on his clothing. Was
he a diplomat?  A surveyor?  Who knew?  Mitsuki had to escape
fast, though the villagers were no match for her she decided
to let them live.  The Dark Jurai military forces would learn
of Shulei's location soon and the fleet would exterminate them
fast enough.

After blanking her face with magic she jumped straight
up through the roof and suppressed her ki.  The villagers
saw Mitsuki and pursued her as she ran on the rooftops.
But after a few minutes she lost them.  <I have to get
off the planet.  But I need to steal a ride from my dear
friends...Hahaha.>

Back at the village the people summoned the village elder
to come to the healer's hut.  The sight was horrific.
Blood and debris were scattered over the small hut.  And
more shockingly, one of the royal children was dead on the
floor.

"This is terrible," the elder's head sank, "The emperor will
be out for blood now.  And he won't rest until he finds whoever
did this."


Aoli had went and brought the Tiandijian back to the room where
Aolong was being held.  The sword had to be within a certain
radius of the person to be sealed or it wouldn't work.  Aoli
opened the door with Baoliu at his side.

Aolong had been through with his warm-ups a long time and had
been waiting for this confrontation.

The emperor looked at Aolong with a cold look, "Are you ready
to be punished?"

"I don't think that's going to happen," Aolong balled his fists
up and took a fighting stance.

Aoli laughed, "I don't think you will have the energy to do
anything after I drain you of your energy.  You won't even
stand a chance of escaping the palace!"

"In that case!," Aolong summoned his Light Hawk Wings, "I'll
just have to take the sword again.  And since in all probability
Kaitu is exhausted I will make a clean getaway!  Hahaha!"  The
prince morphed his Light Hawk Wings into armor, gloves and boots.

"That does it!  You are an ungrateful child and a huge disgrace
to the Shulei Royal family!  Prepare to receive your punishment!"
Aoli lifted the Tiandijian as Aolong charged him.  After uttering
a few words the room brightened.

Aolong threw his arms to shield his eyes, "What...What is that!?!"
The light got brighter, "UWAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!"

The room immediately returned to its normal lighting.

"Did it work?," Aoli looked at Aolong, who had his arms thrown up
to block the light.

Aolong looked up and laughed, "Haha!  My energy is as normal as it
has ever been!  You fool!"  he charged his own father and punched
him in the stomach. "That's for calling me arrogant!," he said,
and ran out the door after taking the Tiandijian.

"Call...the guards!," Aoli fainted.

Aolong ran to Tenchi's quarters and stuck his head in the door.
"Tenchi!," he cheered, "Let's go!  My life here is over!  I
longer need anyone or anything here!"

"But!...," Tenchi hesitated.

Aolong ran out of the room and Tenchi and company followed.
The young Shuleian prince had no problems clearing the guards.
After that he had a clear shot to the waiting ships.

Tenchi ran as fast as he could to catch his distant relative,
"Aolong!"

Ryoko flew beside Tenchi, "It's no use!  We'll have to meet him
at our ships!"

"But what will Aoli do?," Tenchi asked.  "Now that Aolong has
the Tiandijian Aoli will stop at nothing to get it back!"

Just as Tenchi said that, Aoli gave the order to send Shulei's
defense fleet of 500 (very powerful) ships after Aolong.


Several minutes later Aolong had reached the ships.  Tenchi
and Ryoko weren't far behind.

Tenchi was partly exhausted, "What has gotten into you?!"

"We have to go!," Aolong pointed up.

"Why!?," Tenchi snapped.  Complying with Aolong's gesture he
looked up and saw why.

Part of Shulei's fleet had appeared below the clouds.  The
ships looked a lot like Jurai ships on the other side of the
beacon. 

"We'll return the Tiandijian!," Ryoko waved at the ships hoping
they would see her.  But the attempt failed.  The ships began
firing on the site.

"Ryo-Ohki!  Transform!," Ryoko commanded.

"Mya!," the cabbit jumped up and transformed.

Kiyone and Mihoshi were inside Yagami when the Shuleian ships
began firing on them.

"What the!?," Kiyone got up and walked to the communications
panel despite her injured foot.  "What's going on?  Why is
everything shaking?"

Ryoko had teleported into Ryo-Ohki, "The Shuleian ships are
firing on us!  Aolong has really done it!  The emperor has
probably ordered all of us to death!"

"What!?!," Mihoshi jumped up.

Kiyone turned to Mihoshi, "Get back to your ship!  We're pulling
out!"

"What about Yagami!?," Mihoshi asked.

"If we sit here we're dead!  Never mind Yagami!  Right now we have
to survive!  Now get back to your ship!," Kiyone ran to Yagami's
bridge.  Mihoshi escaped to her ship.  All of the ships took off
with the Shuleian defense fleet following them.  At full speed
they reached the beacon field in no time.

The automated defense turrets began their fire on the ships.
Tenchi concentrated his ki and used Ryu-Oh's Light Hawk Wings
to protect the other ships.

Kiyone was doing fine in Yagami until a laser hit Yagami's
hull.  The computer screen read "hull breach".

"What?!," Kiyone shook.  "It can't be!"

Another laser struck Yagami.  The tree that had fallen earlier
had smashed Yagami's shield generator.

"The shields are down!," Kiyone cried in absolute fear.

Aolong heard this on the communications channel and decided it was
time to show off his full power.  The young prince began to get up.

Tenchi looked toward his kin, "What are you going to do?"

Aolong grinned, "Go out into space, of course."

"Are you insane!?!," Tenchi gasped.

"If you don't know, your Light Hawk Wings will protect you from
the harsh environment of space," the prince activated his Light
Hawk Wings.

Tenchi remembered the black hole and ceased arguing with Aolong.

Aolong teleported outside of Ryu-Oh and began blasting turrets
with his energy.  He also charged the turrets, punching and
kicking them with amazing speed.  A path to the beacon was
cleared in a matter of minutes.  Aolong had left the beacon
alone because he suspected it was the doorway to the other
realm of Shulei.  He had heard the amazing tales from Kaitu
about how Yosho had come through a giant doorway from the
other realm.

Ryoko was awestruck at Aolong's power and the results of
quick work, "We're clear!"

Everyone went through the beacon field with almost no trouble.
But the Shuleian fleet followed them.  Aolong had gotten
back on board Ryu-Oh before crossing and was still charged
with power from his wings.

"Any more?," Aolong stretched.

"Yeah!  Get out there!  We're going to come under fire in another
few seconds!," Tenchi concentrated harder.

Aolong went outside again and cleared another path.  The Shuleian
defense fleet stayed back and waited on everyone to clear the
field.  The fleet concentrated on defending themselves from
nearby turrets Aolong didn't get.

After clearing the second field on the other side of the beacon
Aolong went inside Ryu-Oh and rested.

Tenchi relaxed as well and sighed in relief, "That was close.
But you saved us all."

Kiyone came on screen, "Thanks Aolong."

Mihoshi cheered, "Yay!  Thanks!  We're still alive!"

"Don't mention it," the green haired warrior wiped the sweat off
his brow.

Mitsuki was in Mihoshi's ship's cargo bay, <Thanks, Aolong.  I'll
make sure Jurai Ankoku-ou will grant you a quick death!>


End of Chapter 17
