This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".  Characters that are made up such
as Jurai Ankoku-ou are my idea.

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 12 - "Empowered Escape"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


It was cold when Sasami woke up.  But as soon as she opened her
eyes she shut them again.  Every time she was able to wake up it
felt like her energy was readily drained.  When peak amounts of
energy were attained, Sasami cried.  It was the only thing she
could think of doing.  It was too painful for the small child
to bear.  Down the hall Ayeka was screaming and crying, the
fate of her parents was unknown, and Yosho hadn't made a noise.
Sasami cried herself back to sleep.  As she did she heard Mayuka
being taken to another room.  There Jurai Ankoku-ou took Mayuka
to a subspace transporter and transported her to an unknown
location.

Sasami dreamt a beautiful dream.  The air was crisp and clean.
Cold, clear water flowed in a stream.  Birds were chirping and
singing songs of happiness.  The sky was a dark, beautiful azure
color.  The grass was green and soft.  Sasami lied in the grass
and breathed the cool air.  Ryo-Ohki even appeared and kept her
company.  After a while of wandering around Sasami realized she
was dreaming.

"Why...why am I dreaming of this?," Sasami asked herself, "This
is all an illusion!," she curled up and began to cry.

Tsunami appeared in front of Sasami, "Don't cry...please Sasami."

Sasami looked up with a look of anguish on her face.

Tsunami's eyes began to water and her face began to look upset,
"Sasami, please don't look at me like that.  That's the look I
remember on your face the day you fell from that platform on
Jurai.  That day Ryoko attacked and nearly killed you.  I can
still hear your cry as you fell down and hit yourself.  Don't
cry any more tears."

"Why?  Why am I dreaming, Tsunami?," Sasami sniffled.

"It's your mind's attempt to make you happy," Tsunami smiled,
"I can tell you something that can make you very happy."

"Re...really?," Sasami looked up in interest.

"I can take you to see Tenchi," Tsunami picked Sasami up.

"REALLY!?," the little princess smiled.

"Yes.  But there is one thing we must do, we have to leave
immediately."

"Why?," Sasami got upset again, "Can't I dream some more?"

"No.  Getting to Tenchi will be just as good.  I will empower
you to escape but only for a short period of time with partial
power.  A longer period would put you in danger.  I can transport
more than one person through a Jurai tree.  The only form of mine
you can fully use is my ship form.  So we will have to perform a
risky maneuver and..."

Tsunami was cut off, "Can we do anything to help my family?"

"Yes.  And the sooner we can get to Tenchi, the sooner the war
will end."

Sasami threw her head up.

Tsunami hugged Sasami, "Don't give up.  Tenchi would never do
that.  If we stay here they will attempt to channel my power
for their purposes.  We need to get to the bridge and get to
the Jurai tree there.  Dark Jurai ships use Jurai trees, but
the aura is twisted to darkness.  I will reverse the aura
once again and I will transport your family to Ryu-Oh.  From
there we will transport to Ryu-Oh, where Tenchi is. The Dark
Jurai will follow us.  We need to hurry because Tenchi is about
to go through a subspace beacon and it will be very difficult
to reach him once he gets through."

"Okay, I understand...," Sasami nodded.

"Let's go.  The longer we stay here the more your family will
be in danger."

Sasami woke up from her dream and got up.  She walked over to
the cell lock and placed her hand on it.  A blue aura surrounded
her hand and melted away the lock.  Then the princess walked out
into the hall.

A man walked down the hall, "It's Sasami!  She's escaped!"

A large amount of Dark Jurai entered the hallway and surrounded
Sasami.  They began to power up black magic and threaten her.

Sasami closed her eyes and the markings on her forehead began
to glow, "Black magic SEAL!," a blue shockwave went throughout
the ship.

The men blinked, seemingly unaffected by the shockwave.

"Enough of your games!  Fire magic!," one man cast his hands out
trying to cast fire out of his palms, but to no effect.

The other tried to cast magic on Sasami but to the same outcome.
Their magic was sealed.

"How can a girl have this much power!?!," a middle ranked Dark
Jurai looked at his hand.

Jurai Ankoku-ou was about to leave the prison ship when he felt
Tsunami's ki wave on the black magic seal.  Immediately, Jurai
Ankoku-ou ran to the hallway where the others stood confused
and wondering what to do next.

"What do we do?," asked a soldier.

"I'll take care of this!," the dark monarch held out his hands
palms outward towards Sasami and powered up, "Dark Mist Wave!,"
Jurai Ankoku-ou cast a wicked wave of dark energy.

Sasami, unphased by the attack, closed her eyes.  The markings
on her forehead glowed again, summoning a single Light Hawk
Wing which blocked the incoming magic.

Jurai Ankoku-ou clenched his teeth.  Though immune to the
effects of the seal, his magic was weakened severely,
"What!?!  This young child can't possibly handle the
power of Tsunami to this degree yet!"

Sasami put her hand forth and pointed it at Jurai Ankoku-ou.
A bright flash of light came out of Sasami's hand and stunned
the weakened evil ruler.

"NO!  How is Tsunami doing this through this little girl!?!"

Sasami walked past Jurai Ankoku-ou and went into a control
room where she opened the cells of her family members and
Nobuyuki.

A terrible sight awaited the young princess as she saw Ayeka
wriggling on the floor; pale, crying, shaking, and bleeding
from whip lashes.

"Ohhhh," Sasami covered her mouth with her hand.  She
attempted to hug Ayeka and give her comfort.

"GET AWAY FROM ME!!!!!!!," Ayeka screamed, "You laughed at
me when Tenchi dumped me!  GO AWAY!!!!!  LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!"

Sasami stepped back, "What did they do to you?"  All of a
sudden Tsunami took over, deciding this was too much to
see and bear at her physical and mental age.  Tsunami cast
a wave and drained Ayeka's energy, making her fall asleep.
Then Tsunami telekinetically picked Ayeka up and moved
her along while she rescued the others.  Luckily the rest
of her family sustained minor physical damage and some
mental trauma.  All of the torture was concentrated on
Ayeka.  It would take a large effort to rehabilitate her
fully.  The extent of the mental damage on everyone was
unknown.

After collecting the rest of her family, Sasami went to
the bridge and found the Juraian tree.  Tsunami took over
again and teleported the Jurai Royal Family and Nobuyuki
to Ryu-Oh.

Jurai Ankoku-ou had just regained mobility and was too
late to catch up with them.


Meanwhile, Tenchi was getting Ryu-Oh's sapling to
communicate with Funaho when the tiny tree began to
glow.

Tenchi jumped back, "What?!"

All of a sudden Sasami and the everyone else materialized
on Ryu-Oh's bridge.

Tenchi opened up communications to the other ships, "Hey!,
everyone just teleported here!  Look! Come, quick!"  The
first thing Tenchi noticed was Ayeka in her painful state
of body and mind.  Tenchi attempted to tend to Ayeka.

"GO AWAY!," Ayeka snapped, "YOU'RE THE MEANEST MAN I'VE
EVER KNOWN!  DIE THE WORST DEATH OF THEM ALL, TENCHI!,"
Ayeka's pupils constantly changed size.  She even
attempted to attack Tenchi.

Tenchi backed off and kept his distance, "What did they
do to you?"

Ryoko teleported to the bridge with Washu entering through
a subspace door.  Washu saw Ayeka and went back into the
door.

"What's she doing?," Ryoko looked back toward the door
then back toward Ayeka.  <Now that she's out of the way,
maybe I can...,> Ryoko calmly walked in the direction of
Ayeka.

Ayeka jumped up and ran as fast as her injured legs could
carry her.  She lunged at Ryoko and knocked her down and
began hitting her with all her strength.

Ryoko threw her arms up in defense after sustaining a
couple of major hits, "What are you DOING, Ayeka!?
It's nice to see you, too!"

"YOU WERE THE WORST OF THEM ALONG WITH TENCHI!!  LOOK AT
MY WEDDING DRESS AND MY FOREHEAD!  DO THEY LOOK FAMILIAR
TO YOU!?!?," Ayeka kept hitting Ryoko and crying her deep
sorrows caused by the black magic.

Ryoko managed to throw the attacking princess of, "What
are you talking about!?!," Ayeka threw a punch at her,
"What wedding dress!?!," Ryoko ducked another one,
"And what's wrong with your forehead!?!  You must
have got a really good blow to it because you're
way out of touch with reality!"

Washu came out of the lab door, "She is!," Washu had a
dart gun in her hands, "Get out of the way!"  She aimed
the gun at Ayeka and fired, missing Ayeka.

Ayeka charged Washu, "You turned my guardians against
me!," Ayeka lunged at Washu and threw themselves back
a good distance.  The gun lay on the floor with two
shots in it.  Ayeka put her hands around Washu's
throat and began to squeeze.

Washu started to make a gurgling noise.  Her face began
to turn a dark purple.

Since Kiyone or Mihoshi couldn't assist them due to a
lack of ready subspace connections, all they could do
was watch.

Mihoshi put her hands over her eyes, "What can we do,
Kiyone!?!"

"Nothing.  But Tenchi can do something," Kiyone looked
at Tenchi, "Tenchi!  You have to shoot Ayeka with
whatever Washu was trying to use!  You have to hurry!"

Tenchi ran and picked up the gun.

Ryoko watched Tenchi and was prepared to defend him.
But right now the defense priority was Washu.

"Tenchi!," Ryoko exclaimed, "I'll grab her, you shoot
her!  Something's not right!"  Ryoko charged and pulled
Ayeka's arms up, jerking them away from a near unconscious
Washu.  Tenchi fired and hit Ayeka, sedating her with a
powerful tranquilizer.

Ryoko put Ayeka down and helped a coughing Washu up off
the floor.

Tenchi looked at the rest of the Jurai Royal Family.  It
was a good thing that they were safe for the most part
(physically).  The same couldn't be said for Ayeka.  And
another thing that worried Tenchi and the others was that
everyone else's full mental condition was unknown.  For
they were unconscious.  <Dad...and grandpa...>

"I'll take them to my lab for recovery," Washu began
dragging everyone to the medical part of the lab.
Tenchi and Ryoko helped.  "Oh, yes," Washu added,
"Make your way to Shulai and take care of business
there as quick as you can.  The subspace link to
my lab is limited by current technology and has a
range of 4 galaxies.  The links will be cut off
while you are on the other side."

"Links?," Ryoko scratched her head.

"Besides the subspace links to Ryu-Oh and Ryo-Ohki, my
telepathic link to you and Ryo-Ohki will probably be cut
off as well."

Ryoko nodded, "We'll take care of everything once we're
on the other side."

Washu went to her lab to tend to everyone.

After a while, it was time to move through the turret
field.  The ships moved into the position where Yosho
had started at so long ago.  All the ships had an
exact map and maneuver memory on their navigation
computers.

"Ready?," Kiyone sweat heavily.

"Let's go!," Tenchi nodded, "Start in 4, 3, 2, 1, GO!"

The ships started to move and the turrets started to
fire.  Mihoshi screamed on the top of her lungs and
Kiyone closed her eyes.  Tenchi paced Ryu-Oh's bridge
and Ryoko was watching Ryo-Ohki's monitors.  Ryo-Ohki
was meowing loudly as she dodged the turret fire and
stayed close to Ryu-Oh to benefit from the protection
of the Light Hawk Wings.

Within a few minutes they reached the subspace beacon.
Immediately everyone punched the throttle and went
full speed into the beacon's field.  In a few seconds
time they reached the other side and into the other
turret field.

"Most of our shields are remaining!," Mihoshi exclaimed,
"It looks like the field may be clear straight ahead!"

"Stay close to me!," Tenchi ordered, "If you run out
of shield energy the only chance you have is the Light
Hawk Wings!"  Everyone complied.

A giant surge of laser energy hit the Light Hawk Wings
of Ryu-Oh, making the ship send out vast amounts of
ki.


A young man was training with his master when he felt
the ki.  The master hit him in the stomach, making him
ball over.

"Master!," the young man coughed, "Did you feel that!?!
*COUGH*"

"Yes," the master looked up into the sky.

"It feels just like our own ship energy!," the pupil stood
up.

"It is," the master said.

"But who is it?  We never venture that far away!"

"Very observant.  I see you have mastered determining
the distance of ki sources.  But you have to concentrate
on your current battle."

"What shall we do?"

"We wait and see if they make it," the master continued
to look up.  <So, they've returned...  Shulai hasn't had
visitors from that branch since Yosho came to visit...>


End of Chapter 12

