This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  The Tenchi Muyo!
Universes and characters are the creation and possession of AIC and
Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote the  storyline to
"The Dark Jurai".

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 5 - "Midpoint of Efforts"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


The small scout ship arrived on Jurai.  The two princesses and prince
went to the throne room.  Yosho had reverted to his true younger self.

Yosho bowed.  "Your Majesties, I thank you for being concerned with
our safety.  I came here to confirm what I fear.  I take it that the
Dark Jurai have declared war on us?"

"Yes," Funaho sighed,  "the Dark Jurai are readying themselves to fight
and conquer us.  Our fleets will not last long." she looked around.
"Where is Tenchi?"

"Tenchi is training hard in the Dark Jurai martial arts.  I happened to
had gotten the last copy of their training book available in the Light
Jurai Empire."

"WHAT!?," Azusa looked furious, "Why?  If Tenchi learns black magic,
the evil that has made the Dark Jurai what they are will overtake
Tenchi's judgement!"

"Far from it...;" the prince stood up, "you know Tenchi can generate
Light Hawk wings.  They will provide Tenchi with the extra power he
needs.  Tenchi would not dare touch black magic without knowing what
it will do to him.  Besides, the techniques must be learned.  None of
the Light Jurai martial artists except me know any of their techniques."

"Very well..., but it angers me you did such a thing." Azusa stood up.
"That's all I have to say.  Please stay for the remainder of the day.
Your advice is needed before a meeting of the Light Jurai Counsel today.
After that, you need to return to Earth and prepare Tenchi for the
upcoming battle.  You will leave immediately after the meeting.  Do you
understand me?"

"Yes." Yosho nodded.

Saying what needed to be said, Azusa left the room.  "You have half an
Earth day to enjoy family, friends, and other things," the emperor said
as he left the room.

Sasami immeditately ran to Misaki.  "Mommy!," Sasami cheered.

"My baby!" Misaki gave Sasami a big hug.

Ayeka watched the reunion.

Misaki turned around to Ayeka.

Ayeka pretended to be happy, "My mommy!", she yelled with fake tears in
her eyes.

Misaki cried with real tears.  "I missed you so much!  I want you to be
safe throughout this entire war!  I don't want my little baby to die!"

Ayeka twitched from the sheer pain of her mother's motherly embrace.
<I don't know how Sasami lives through this...> she thought to herself.
Another thought came to mind, <Oh, no!  Ryoko is probably having a ball
trying to seduce Tenchi without me to keep her in line!>.  Many terrible
scenarios reaced through Ayeka's head; whatever she thought is up to
anyone's imagination.

Yosho walked with Funaho in the palace halls.

"So, how is Tenchi?," Funaho asked.

"He has been just fine.  Still having trouble deciding his true love!"
the Juraian prince / warrior laughed.

The queen giggled, "Poor, poor Tenchi.  It must be an epic struggle to
live day-to-day."

"There is a saying on Earth about durable people and things: 'It takes
a licking and keeps on ticking'.  That's Tenchi for you."

"No doubt about it.  Tenchi gets it from us." Funaho winked at her son.

Yosho laughed.  "I wonder how he's doing now?  That boy has been
training from that book nonstop since he learned the Jurai language."

"Oh?" the queen got a wide-eyed face, "Please do tell me more about
this..."


Meanwhile on Earth, Tenchi had wrapped up another hard training
session.  It was lunchtime.  Tenchi fixed lunch for fear that Ryoko
would mess up in making a meal and kill Tenchi before he could see
some battlefield action.  It was very awkward; the only people in
the house were Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Mayuka, and Nobuyuki. The other
living occupant of the house was Ryo-Ohki, who was still undergoing
a little "upgrading".

Ryoko teleported into the kitchen.  "Teeenchhhhiiii," she playfully
whispered.  Then Ryoko proceeded to put her arms around Tenchi.
"What are you making there?" she looked over Tenchi's shoulder with
bright, curious eyes.

Tenchi was annoyed but replied to Ryoko, "Crabstick daikon rolls with
salmon and nanban sauce.  And would you please quit that?  I can't
cook with you hanging on me like this."

Ryoko saw Tenchi was under stress and got an idea, "How about I do...
*this*?," Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's shoulders and massaged them heavily
and deeply.

Tenchi, though annoyed because of his training, subdued thoughts of
blowing off Ryoko this time and let her massage him.  After about
five minutes, Tenchi turned around, "Thank you very much.  I needed
that.  In return I do *this*..." he gave Ryoko a big hug.

Ryoko was at first stunned by Tenchi's reaction, but then she became
happy about it.  <I could have never pulled this off if Ayeka were
here!  Score one for me!> Ryoko thought to herself.  All of a sudden,
she thought of going deeper into this prospect.

<"I know what you're thinking!"> Washu's voice came into Ryoko's head.

<"SHUT...UP...MOTHER!!!"> Ryoko replied.  Ryoko's eyes got very big
and angry-looking.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko's eyes and wondered, "What's wrong?" a sweat-
drop developed on his head.

"Oh!  Nothing!" Ryoko blushed and covered her face with her hands.
<"Look what you did, mom!  You blew this opportunity!">

<"Ah-hah!  I'll be up in a few minutes to eat.  Ryo-Ohki is through
with the upgrading.">

<"Whatever, mom."> Ryoko frowned at her loss.  Washu, or "mom", would
pay dearly for this...

In that few minutes, Washu came up to eat.  Mayuka was in a baby
backpack against Washu's chest.

Nobuyuki came out of his architecture studio on the other side of
the house to eat.

Ryo-Ohki came weakly walking out of Washu's lab.  "Myaaaaa...", she
meowed under her cabbit breath.

Washu became cheery.  "That's a good little Ryo-Ohki!  ^.^  You are
very strong indeed!  I'll genetically enhance a carrot and make it big
just like I promised!"

"^_^ Myaaaaaa...mya..." the tiny cabbit passed out.

"Don't worry!  In a few hours she'll be as good as new!"

Tenchi smiled, half stressed and half tired.

Mayuka babbled on in gibberish and tugged at Washu's outfit.

Everyone in the house was here.  It relieved Tenchi of his stress more.

Washu looked at Tenchi, "What's wrong?" she looked concerned.

"My training...," Tenchi exhaled, "I need to practice some more and get
the techniques down.  Heh, if you could scan the book and imprint it in
my mind..." the young Juraian prince laughed and scratched the back of
his head.

Washu never thought of it before...  The brilliant scientist went into
thought.

Tenchi looked at her, not realizing that she had went into thought,
"Could you do that?  It wouldn't be any trouble, right?  Uh, Washu?"

Mayuka tugged Washu's hair, bringing her back to reality, "Sure!"
Washu nodded.  I'll eat and do it right away!"

"Thank you." Tenchi sighed in relief.  Before he knew it, Washu was in
her adult form and staring Tenchi in the face.

"Anything else?" Washu asked in a teasing voice.

"EEEEEEYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!" Tenchi freaked out.

Ryoko beaned her mother on the head with a broom and chased her around,
"MY TENCHI! MINE, MINE, MINE, MINE, MINE, MINE, MIIIIINNNNEEEEEE!!!!",
tears streamed down Ryoko's face while she attempted to beat her mom to
death for trying to take Tenchi.

Washu covered her cheeks and ran around, giggling innocently.  "Help me!"

Tenchi finally quelled Ryoko and got Washu to stop tempting fate with
her daughter along with getting her to revert to her child body form.
Nobuyuki had watched the fight and was saddened Washu had turned back
into a young twelve year-old child.

After eating Tenchi's lunch, the remaining gang complimented him on how
good his lunch was.  Washu went to work; it was only three more days
before the Dark Jurai would begin the attack.  Even though they did not
know the Dark Jurai would attack in three days, the gang worked hard as
if the attacks would start in just hours.


At Galaxy Police Headquarters, Kiyone and Mihoshi's hard work was paying
off.  They had worked 96 straight hours with only 12 hours of sleep
total.  The good news was that their ten pages of orders were down to
less than an eighth of a page; one order.  Their ships had undergone
massive upgrading and the officers were issued new weapons.  The only
thing left to do was get rations and medical supplies for their ship
supply rooms.

"Last thing on our agenda is to get food and medical supplies.  Mihoshi?"
Kiyone looked around.

Mihoshi had fallen asleep right in the middle of the hall.  Kiyone
grabbed Mihoshi by the shoulders and dragged her to the rations room.
A single officer was handing out rations and medical kits; the rest
were on break for now. The work was taking its toll on the Galaxy
Police Labor Forces.  Kiyone pushed her way into the line and clawed
at the other officers.

Mitsuki was at the front of the line.  "Hello, Kiyone.  My, I see you
have managed to complete such a long list of orders in just four days!
Congratulations!  Initiative is the key to becoming Detective Elite
just like me!" Mitsuki mockingly laughed at Kiyone.

Kiyone's facial muscles twitched in sheer rage but regained her cool
composure.  "Sheer attitude, determination, agression and being
an utter bitch... are my keys for motivation...to be better than
you." Kiyone countered the mocking attitude with an icy glare and aura.

Mitsuki looked stunned for a second.  "Sure, kid.  You have a nice..."
she began to walk away.

Kiyone grabbed her shoulder.  "Not so fast!  I'm not through with you,
you snot-nosed twit!  You rub in and aim every little promotion at me!
Do you think you are better than me?  Or anyone in that matter?" she
lost her mind.

"I just want to keep my academic acquantances up to snuff to know how
I am doing and want them to cheer me on!"

"It's more like you want them to suffer!  I knew from the day I first
met you that there was something way up your ass!" Kiyone shook as her
anger grew out of control.

Mihoshi had woken up and saw Kiyone and Mitsuki arguing.  "WAAAHHH!
Don't fight, you two!  This isn't the time or place!"

"Now let's not use that kind of language..." Mitsuki made a fake smile.

Kiyone hawked a big loogie and spat on Mitsuki's face.  "Go to hell,
bitch!"

Mitsuki closed her eyes in reaction to Kiyone's rude interruption of
her rubbing her personal victories into her rival.  She opened the
eye that wasn't covered in Kiyone's phlegm.  The other eye twitched.
The proud Detective Elite wiped the thick mucous off her face. "That
one was free," the pride in Mitsuki's voice became less and less,
"next time, I'll kick your ass." she walked away.  After she left,
the other officers cheered.

"She deserved that!," one officer rooted.

Kiyone became embarrassed.  "Just letting off some steam."

"As a token of our apprecitaion, we'll let you get your supplies
first!," another officer smiled.  Other officers obliged.  "That
person acted all-important and cut in line.  And even ran over us
like our contributions of service to the Galaxy Police do not even
matter.  I captured 24 space pirates in the past six months alone!"

"That's really impressive!" Kiyone nodded in interest.

"Your agressive talk to that Mitsuki has really made my day."

Kiyone smiled; she had let out her built-up anger and felt proud
of it.  Now with her tasks complete, she could sign leave papers
with her superior officer and leave to Earth and check on it one
last time before the battle.  "Thank you," she warmly said to all
the officers in the room.

"Next time, butt her in the head."


On Earth, Washu was almost through with copying the book into her
memory machine.

Tenchi was sitting outside with Ryoko on the porch waiting on
Washu to get finished with the job.

"Tenchi," Ryoko asked.

"What?," he turned to Ryoko.

"Did you...," Ryoko blushed.

"Did I what?" Tenchi arched his eyebrows.

"Did you...enjoy my massage?" she finally was able to get the
words out.

"Yes.  I did.  If it wasn't for that and you guys complimenting
my lunch, I would have burned out.  I thanked you in the only way
I could have and should have.  I thank you again from the bottom
of my heart.  I really did need that.  Let me ask you, did you
really enjoy my lunch?"

"Yes.  I did.  Your cooking tasted just as good as Sasami's."

"I've been getting pointers from her.  We've all forgotten how
to cook because of her." Tenchi smiled serenely and looked at
the lake.

Ryoko caught a look in Tenchi's eyes as he stared at the lake.
she then quickly turned away and blushed deeply.

Tenchi saw Ryoko quickly turn away.  "What's wrong?" he asked.

"I..." the close monent was interrupted by the arrival of a
ship that looked alarmingly like a Jurai ship.  Ryoko felt the
dark aura in her dream.  "A DARK JURAI SHIP!" she exclaimed in
fear.  She began to cry and clenched her teeth.  The wind made
by the ship blew Ryoko's hair and tears back.  Ryoko regained
her senses and prepared herself.

"What's a Dark Jurai ship doing here?!" Tenchi looked up in
shock.

A man dressed in a Dark Jurai martials arts outfit teleported
to the ground.

With no experience in fighting a Dark Jurai and no time to get
the Tenchiken or his battle ring (the one that makes that Jurai
armor in the OAV), Tenchi readies himself for combat...

End of Chapter 5