This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".  Characters that are made up such
as Jurai Ankoku-ou are my idea.

Note:  The fight scenes from here on in will be fairly Dragon Ball
Z-ish, but hey, Tenchi Muyo has energy attacks , too (beam swords,
blasts out of the hands, etc.)!  And Dragon Ball Z is copyright
Toei Animation!

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 14 - "Reluctant Alliance"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@aol.com
http://gundamotaku.terrashare.com

Mitsuki decided to watch the two talk before cutting in.

"So, you come from our homeworld of Jurai?," Aolong smiled,
"Can you tell me more about it?"

"Actually my homeworld is a planet called Earth.  I've only
visited Jurai a couple of times," Tenchi said.

"I see.  Can you tell me your name?"

"My name is Tenchi Masaki.  Nice to meet you," Tenchi pointed
out the others, "This is Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki.
They're all friends of mine."

Aolong looked at Ryo-Ohki, "I've never seen a creature like it
before.  It's awfully cute."

"Mya!," Ryo-Ohki hissed and backed off.

Aolong frowned, "I guess it's mad at me."

"It's a she," Kiyone corrected Aolong.

"I see," the young prince noticed the jewel on Ryo-Ohki's forehead.
Then he looked up and noticed the gems on Ryoko, <No doubt about it;
those are the small ki sources.  One has medium power but the other
three have HUGE ki!  I shouldn't ask her about them now.>  Aolong
changed the subject.  "So, can you tell me about your family?  Since
we can both hold that weapon we come from the same bloodline."

"My grandpa is Yosho.  Does that ring a bell?"

"Yes, it does," Aolong nodded, "705 years ago...  Tell me about why
you've come here."

"We need help.  A dark enemy has emerged and is destroying our empire.
Any type of assistance would be greatly appreciated," Tenchi looked
at Aolong with great concern.

"I see.  After what Master Kaitu told me I don't know if my parents
will grant any assistance.  But we can try."

"I'll make sure that you don't!," Mitsuki's distorted voice erupted.

"That voice!," Kiyone turned around.

"That's right!  I followed you all the way here!  I was there when
Galaxy Police Headquarters was destroyed!"

Aolong turned around, "Who is this!?!?!"

"One of our enemy!," Ryoko summoned a beam sword.

"I've come to kill you and find Shulei.  I'll finish off your new
green-haired friend and you after him."

Aolong smiled, "We'll see about that...  How about a one-on-one
duel?"

Mitsuki laughed, "Sure!  I saw how Tenchi defeated you.  So beating
you will be easy!"

"I was going easy on him.  And you must be unaware I wasn't even
at half power when Tenchi beat me!"

<WHAT!?!?!?,> Mitsuki thought to herself, <The ki I felt from him
makes up my 90 percent of my full power!>  Mitsuki turned and ran.

Aolong teleported in front of the once confident dark warrior,
"What's the matter?  I thought you agreed to a duel with me!"
Aolong summoned his six Light Hawk Wings again and concentrated
extremely hard, bringing up his full ki, "FINISH WHAT YOU START!!!"
The wings morphed into the items Aolong had shaped them into.

Mitsuki shook in fear but regained her calm.  She powered up to
her full ki.

The Shuleian prince laughed, "You think you can beat me with
that!?  Don't make me laugh!"

"DIE!!!!," Mitsuki swung her fist at Aolong but her target
teleported  before the punch made contact with it.  "Where did
he go!?!?!"  She flew up into the air.

"Above you!," Aolong made a diving kick and kicked Mitsuki in
the jaw, sending her flying into the ground.

Mitsuki climbed out of a small crater she made, "I'll hit you
with my most powerful magic!," she closed her eyes and put
her hands palms outward, "This is the same technique that
Jurai Ankoku-ou taught me!  DARK MIST WAVE!!!!!"  A giant
mist accumulated in front of Mitsuki and shot toward Aolong
in a narrow beam.

Aolong put his hands in front of himself in the same manner
Mitsuki did, "Haha!  Try this on for size...  Azure Falcon
Shockwave!"  A dark blue explosion hit the dark mist and pushed
it back toward Mitsuki, throwing her back to the edge of the
clearing.

"I'll get you!," Mitsuki balled her fist, "Jurai Ankoku-ou
will make you pay!!" she teleported before her ki faded and
took away her disguise, making her true identity unveiled.
Aolong and the others couldn't sense her ki after that.

"Wow!," Tenchi gasped in amazement, "How did you do that?
I don't have enough power to summon the amount of energy
required to do that!"

"When you use the Light Hawk Wings it'll enhance every
attribute of your body," Aolong deactivated his Light
Hawk Wings, "The wings add a great amount of ki to you."

"I forgot that.  I still must be tired, " Tenchi sat
down, "I haven't used any of the advanced energy attacks
yet."

"It'll get better.  Once you learn to summon more Light
Hawk Wings you'll..."

"WHAT!?!?," Tenchi shot up, "You mean you can learn to
summon more Light Hawk Wings!?!?"

Aolong nodded, "Sure.  I originally was able to generate
three like yourself.  After more training and ki exercises
your body will be able to tolerate more energy."

Ryoko looked at her wrists, "I wish I could.  I heard
from mother that the gems on my wrists could generate
Light Hawk Wings.  But I haven't been able to."

Aolong walked up to Ryoko and looked at the gems, "I've
heard legends about Jinmingmei who had power beyond
the Shuleian rulers.  Maybe this is the power of
Jinmingmei because I've never felt this type of
power before.  The ki given off by the gems is
very much like our own."

Everyone looked at Aolong, "WHAT!?!?!  Who's Jinmingmei?"

The green-haired prince squatted and wrote three
characters on the ground.

Everyone nodded, "OH!  Tsunami!"

"Sorry," Tenchi shook his head, "A small girl named Sasami
has the power of Tsunami.  The origin of these gems is
unknown."

"I see," Aolong stood corrected, "We can have the elders
take a look at them.  The oldest one is about 11,000 years
old.  Follow me."

The group walked toward the palace city.

"So, how long does it take to gain the power to generate
more Light Hawk Wings?," Tenchi asked in a happy tone of
voice.

"It depends on the training.  One part is the amount of
time of the training itself and the other is how vigorous
the training is.  I first was able to use the wings of
the Light Hawk at 14 years of age.  I am 19 now.  Master
Kaitu has trained me very hard for the past 5 years,"
Aolong looked at the sky.

"Who's Kaitu?," Ryoko asked, "Can he help me bring out
the ability to generate Light Hawk Wings?"

"I'm not sure.  But he'll try very hard to help you.
Since you need help against this dark enemy, I'm sure
he'll be able to.  You have a long way to train before
you are really powerful.  But I know you have a lot of
potential."

"You said you have a weapon like this at the palace,"
Tenchi held the Tenchiken out, "Right?"

Aolong took the Tenchiken, "Quite right.  It looks
almost like this except for a couple of slight changes
in appearance.  Ours is called the Tiandijian (Chinese
pronunciation of 'Tenchiken')."

Sweat drops poured from everyone's heads, <Same
characters, different name.>

"So," Aolong continued, "Are there any others that
I should know of that are not with you?"

"Yes," Ryoko nodded, "My mother..."

Washu sat in the lab and analyzed the brain activity
of the Jurai Royal Family.  Sasami was almost recovered
while the others were stable.  Ayeka, on the other hand,
was slipping further and further into despair.

<What am I going to do?,> Washu summoned a bed out of
subspace and lied down, <I don't know how to interact
with the unconscious mind.  I can determine her state
of mind but I can't get through to her.>

Washu brought up a console and looked at it.  It
monitored all radio and subspace frequencies of
the Juraian fleets and Galaxy Police.  It also
had a connection with the Galaxy Science Academy's
security systems.  Washu monitored the academy
because it was a likely target for the Dark Jurai
to strike and steal weapons from.

An alert blip came on the screen.  It was the
Galaxy Science Academy...

"Dark Jurai have appeared and penetrated our security
level 6!," a frightened voice came on the audio only
channel, "They're intent on stealing the secret prototype
weapons system!  The project number is X95241-MXRT78!
Don't let them through!  AAAARRRRGGGHHHHH!!!!!!"
The transmission went silent...

Washu hurried and typed in the project number. After
clearing 25 levels of security, Washu saw what the
Dark Jurai were after.

Washu's eyes went so wide that they nearly bulged
out of her sockets, "We're screwed if they figure
out how to work that...," <Please, Tenchi and Ryoko!
Hurry!  I can't telepathically talk to Ryoko or
Ryo-Ohki to tell them to hurry.>

The palace and city were beautiful!  The grand palace
itself was the size of an entire city.  And the city
surrounding the palace covered a huge area. Everyone
couldn't help but be amazed at the sheer size of
the palace.

"It's impressive, huh?," Aolong sighed, "I've lived
in that palace for my entire life."

Tenchi looked at Aolong, "Why do you sound so unhappy?"

Aolong shook his head, "Since I'm a prince, it's always
'Act this way Aolong' or 'you shouldn't do that'...I
don't want to think I'm any better than anyone else.
Everyone has a purpose in life..."

"My grandpa was like that; he went against the rules
and actually broke them...," Tenchi said, "I understand
what you mean."

"The commoners are getting restless," Aolong continued,
"Ever since other civilizations have contacted us and
offered us technological help the commoners have seen
this as a way to better their lives.  The emperor, my
father, has tried his best to keep the more advanced
civilizations off Shulei.  But I'm afraid the commoners
will revolt.  But with the power my family has they
will be crushed immediately."

"We have to hurry!," Ryoko pleaded, "If that Dark Jurai
gets back to the other side of the beacon and brings
the fleet to Shulei..."

"Right!," Aolong nodded, "Follow me!," he ran to the
palace with the others behind them.

The emperor and empress sat in the grand chamber.

The emperor, Liu Aoli, sat in the throne and looked
as his son approached with some strangers.

"What is this?," the emperor asked, "I sense a power
similar to ours, but it is different.  It can't be!"

"It is," Kaitu walked out from behind a screen.

"Kaitu!  I knew you were up to something!  What is
the meaning of this?!," Aoli shouted.

"Your Highness, I did not summon them.  They came
here on their own," Kaitu bowed.

Aolong began to speak, "But father!!!!"

"Silence, Aolong!  Why can't you behave like your
15 other brothers and sisters?  Why do you always
have to break the rules!?!?!"

"This is urgent!!  We have a new situation on our
hands!," Aolong pleaded, "A dark new enemy is here!
Didn't you feel the power?  Just now?"

The emperor shot up, "I did, but it is no threat to
us!  I sensed your power fighting it."

"I know, but there are more ready to come here and
destroy our world!  And after that many others will
fall victim to their onslaught!," the young prince
was losing his patience.

Aolong's mother, Fan Baoliu, stood up, "Give them
a chance to speak.  We must not allow our new prosperity
and peace to be compromised."

Tenchi leaned and whispered in Aolong's ear, "What
does she mean by that?"

"We had a war with one of the civilizations that
contacted us some time ago.  That war ended a year
ago.  The civilization tried to bring us to an
advanced state of technological accomplishment
but my father felt pressure and things got really
dirty.  I fought alongside Kaitu in a couple of
battles without my parents' permission," said the
young warrior / prince.

Tenchi was curious, "Who won?"

"We had a VERY LONG negotiation session with them.
Since they were a newly encountered civilization
we declared the war a misundestanding.  In other
words, a draw was called."

Aoli examined the new arrivals, "Please, introduce
yourselves and state your position in life."

Tenchi hesitated for a moment, wondering why the
emperor wanted to know so much but went ahead,
"My name is Tenchi Masaki, I am the grandson
of Yosho and a crown prince of Jurai."

Everyone else made their proper introductions
and the emperor nodded, "Interesting how such
people of different walks of life come together,
but no matter.  I will listen about this dark
enemy."

"Right," Tenchi nodded, "Our homeworld is in grave
danger.  Our dark counterparts have engaged our
fleets and nearly destroyed them.  They..."

"Wait a moment...," the emperor interrupted, "Describe
'our dark counterpart'."

Aolong came in, "They are fairly powerful from what
Tenchi had told me.  I even fought one as you have
sensed.  But I think there are more powerful ones
out there.  If the one we fought gets back to our
homeworld's area the enemy will come here!"

"Your Highness," Ryoko came in, "Please!  I know
what they can do!  They are merciless and will
kill anyone!  They almost killed everyone close
to me and I felt great sorrow.  If they have the
chance to kill the ones I love and care about
they will!!!"

Emperor Aoli was unmoved.

Aolong whispered in Ryoko's ear, "My father has
a weakness for children.  Tell him about Mayuka."

Ryoko looked up, "They kidnapped a baby named
Mayuka.  She lives with us and is the sweetest
child...  They plan to use her power for evil
purposes!!!"

Aoli's face boiled red with anger, "WHAT!?!?
How dare they!"

"Think of it," Tenchi started, "Think of all
the innocent children our dark counterpart will
kill if you let them get away with their plans!"

Aoli was torn between his stubbornness toward
the Jurai and the anger he had for the Dark
Jurai for kidnapping Mayuka.  A decision was
made, though faily reluctant about making it.

"Please help them father!," Aolong pleaded.

"I will not allow them to hurt a child!," the
emperor screamed, "We will provide all the
assistance necessary to crush them!"

Everyone's faces lit up.

"But that doesn't mean our two kingdoms will
become united again!  This is only to help the
innocent!," Aoli turned to Kaitu, "Kaitu!  You
will assemble a search party and find the one
Aolong was fighting and arrest that person!
Find out anything you can.  Torture the enemy
if necessary!"

"As you wish," Kaitu bowed and walked off.

The emperor turned to a servant, "See to it
our guests are treated properly.  Prepare a
feast!  My guests and I shall discuss a
temporary alliance over it!"

"Yes, Your Majesty," the servant bowed and
went to make preparations.

Aolong winked at Ryoko, "I told you my father
has a weakness for children.  Any servant who
mistreated the imperial children in this palace
has been punished severely.  So our servants
are extra careful!  Now I will take you on a
tour of the palace."

End of Chapter 14