This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  The Tenchi Muyo!
Universes and characters are the creation and possession of AIC and
Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote the storyline to
"The Dark Jurai".  This chapter contains some graphic violence.

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 6 - "Last Moments of Peace"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


Tenchi remained calm as he stared at the Dark Jurai man.

Ryoko was still shaken and very upset.

"Ryoko, go get the Tenchiken and my battle ring.  They are in a
shoebox under my bed.  I'll keep this man distracted.  Go!," Tenchi
requested.

Ryoko complied and teleported to Tenchi's room.

Tenchi still looked at the man calmly, "Who are you?  And why have
you come here?"

"I have come to assess the amount of force necessary to bring this
planet to its knees.  It is amazing the Light Jurai have not
military occupied this planet and subjected it to the emperor's
rule.  This planet, Earth as you call it, IS in Light Jurai
territory," the man replied.

"We Light Jurai do not pleasure in ruling people with tyranny.
Primitive as this planet's technology is, I love it.  This place
is my home."

"The young prince, Tenchi..." the man went on, "Is Tenchi your
name?"

"That's right.  What do you want with me?"

"TO KILL YOU!," the man charged at Tenchi with the same speed
technique that Tenchi had trained in.

Tenchi charged at the man as well.  The prince threw a punch at
the man but it was dodged.  The Dark Jurai martial artist ran
behind Tenchi and kicked him in the back.

Tenchi screamed as he flew into a beam of the porch and broke it.

"TENCHI!," Ryoko yelled as she teleported to Tenchi's side, "Here
you are...," she slipped Tenchi's battle ring onto his ring finger
and put the Tenchiken in his hands, "That man is of low rank.
Defeat him!  I believe in you!!"

Tenchi activated his ring and changed into the battle armor.  The
Tenchiken's blade materialized.

The Dark Jurai man's mouth dropped open, "It's the Tenchiken!"

Tenchi ran at blinding speed and swept the Tenchiken at the man,
cutting him in two.  The martial artist never knew what hit him.

All of a sudden, two other Dark Jurai men teleported to the
ground.

Ryoko assumed a fighting stance, "These men are of middle rank.
You beat a low ranking Dark Jurai just now.  Together we will
beat these two middle rank Dark Jurai.  Let's do it!"  Tenchi
and Ryoko charged the two men screaming on the top of their
lungs...


The Light Jurai council had gathered from all of the corners of
the planet Jurai and from Light Jurai territories all over the
galaxy.  The aura of imminent war hung in the air.  Deep in the
minds and hearts of the councilmen, they knew the Dark Jurai had
already declared war.  It took four days for all the council to
gather.  Yosho had promised Tenchi he'd be back in three days.

Azusa, Funaho, Misaki, Sasami, and Yosho took their seats in the
meeting auditorium.  The meeting room fell silent.

"Good day, Juraian subjects," Azusa began, "As you may have all
heard, a fleet of 80,000 Dark Jurai ships has been assembled in
the Large Magellanic Cloud.  It is still growing."

The meeting auditorium grew noisy.

"The Galaxy Police have been on standby as requested.  But we
may have to bring accelerated growth technology back into the ship
building process,"

"Emperor!," cried a councilman, "How can you say such a thing?!
Aren't our ships powerful enough!?"

"SILENCE!," Azusa yelled, "Don't ever talk to the emperor in
such a way!," the angered monarch calmed down, "Excuse me.  In
answer to your objection, this technology should be re-employed
even though Tsunami is a part of our fleet.  Remember, Tsunami
has fused with my daughter, Sasami.  I would hate to waste
Tsunami in the middle of such a large Dark Juraian fleet and
have my precious daughter destroyed along with Tsunami."

"YES!," Misaki cut in, "HOW COULD YOU INSIST THAT WE SEND MY
DARLING, CUTE, PRECIOUS, AND ADORABLE LITTLE DAUGHTER TO BE
KILLED!?," tears streamed down Misaki's face.

Everyone got a sweat drop on their heads.

"*AHEM*," Azusa coughed, "We will not do such a thing, dear."

"Really!?," Misaki's eyes lit up, "Ohhhh!!  That's why I love
you!"

The council couldn't help but laugh.

"SILENCE!  *AHEM*," Azusa coughed, "The purpose of this meeting
was to make a decision regarding the re-employment of accelerated
growth technology.  Though our fleet may be strong, it cannot
match the sheer numbers of the Dark Jurai fleet."

"Who recommends we re-employ this dirty technology!?," a man
asked.

"I do...," Yosho stood up.

The council gasped.

"Yes," the Juraian prince affirmed, "It should be used once
again.  And we should also learn how to make a Juraian tree
that has taken root to transform into a ship once again."

"SHEER IMPOSSIBILITY!," the emperor exclaimed.

Yosho came back, "Washu can figure it out."

The emperor slapped his forehead, "Do as you please!  We must
do just about whatever it takes!  But I doubt you will find out
the technique!"

"It is possible.  Ancient Jurai legends state that there was
a way to bring Jurai trees that have taken root back to their
former usefulness," the prince sounded confident.

"But those are legends!," the emperor insisted Yosho to back
down off the assumptions that the myths were true.

"They are legends that were written by our lost relatives!,"
Yosho became braver about his claim.

"That's ridiculous!  The lost branch of the royal family is
a myth!"

"The branch that could generate Light Hawk Wings without the
aid of a Jurai tree...," Yosho smiled.

"Are you saying that just because Tenchi can make Light Hawk
Wings without a tree, the lost branch exists?"

"Yes...," Yosho sat calmly.

The emperor shook his head, "Never mind.  We're way off the 
subject," Azusa turned to the council, "Despite the power of
our fleet, we need more of it.  Light Jurai council, I, your
ruler, plead that you restore the accelerated growth machines
to the ship building process!"

The main councilman stood up, "We will make the decision
very quickly, Your Excellency."  The councilmen left.


Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ryoko were faring well.  With the
Tenchiken, Tenchi was dealing a few slashes here and there
with some success.  But the martial artists were seeming to
be getting a little faster.

Ryoko was using a few tricks hardly anyone had ever seen.
She used the magic that flowed through her veins.  She cast
fire type spells, water, wind...you name it, she did it.
But the Dark Juraian she was fighting with cast a barrier
to block the magic.

Tenchi had put the Tenchiken away and went into hand-to-hand
combat.  The teenage Juraian was getting better by the minute,
but something seemed wrong.

The Dark Juraian that Tenchi had been fighting with had been
toying with him.  Quickly, the evil martial artist gained
the upper hand and used some black magic, quickly disabling
Tenchi and pounding him into the mountainside nearby.

"TENCHI!," Ryoko screamed.  She had had enough, Ryoko gathered
her energy and turned it into a sword.  Then she summoned the
elements and empowered the sword even further.  After the
energy was gathered she swung the sword with all her might.

"NO!!," the dark warrior cast a strong barrier and deflected
the sword.  Ryoko was thrown back by the tremendous energy of
the magic shield.  The man intercepted Ryoko and hit her in
the face, causing a gusher's of blood to shoot out her mouth.

Tenchi had not been defeated yet.  He came out of the brand
new crater his body had left in the mountainside and held
his hands out in front of him.

"What are you going to do now, give up?," laughed the Dark
Juraian that had dealt him the seemingly fatal blow.

Tenchi wasn't giving up.  Some light began to form in front
of him.  It was the Wings of the Light Hawk!  Tenchi changed
one of them into the Light Hawk Wing battle armor, the other
two were transformed into two gloves, which materialized on
his hands.  Tenchi charged the laughing warrior that thought
Tenchi had lost.  The warrior saw the entire transformation
and engaged Tenchi in midair.

Tenchi was fast!  As the two fought, Tenchi kept dealing
blow after blow, weakening the Dark Jurai martial artist to
the point that the enemy's ki had dropped to near death and
didn't fight back.  Tenchi knew that if he didn't kill the
fighter, the man would came back to fight him again...and
possibly be stronger.  The young prince punched the man in
the head and mad it explode, killing the martial artist
instantly.  The body fell to the ground with blood pouring
out the neck area.  Due to the energy Tenchi used, he fell
to the ground as well.

The other middle rank Dark Jurai turned to the direction of
the fight that had just ended.  The martial artist barely
had just enough energy to finish off both Ryoko and Tenchi.
Tenchi got top priority because he could make the Light Hawk
Wings.  "Take this!," yelled the Dark Juraian as he cast an
energy beam at Tenchi.  But his plans were foiled.  A shield
formed around Tenchi.  It was Washu's doing!

"HAHA!," Washu mockingly guffawed with the baby Mayuka on her
back, "Now you've wasted all your available ki!"  The baby
Mayuka clapped and cheered in her baby voice.  Ryo-Ohki was
meowing but it sounded like laughing, "Mya-ha-ha-ha-haaaa!!,"

"I'll still defeat them!"

Ryoko got up.  A person should never stay within the area of
a woman that has been hurt by him or her.  Ryoko clenched
her bloody teeth and summoned a demon out of the rocks. The
demon enveloped the Dark Jurai fighter that attempted to run
away due to the ki that had been lost (he couldn't fly). Ryoko
spread her arms and commanded the demon to dissipate; all of
this was done in full anger.

The demon spread outwards.  And the martial artist did as
well, "AHH AHH AHH AHH AAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!," the Dark Jurai
martial artist exploded in a shower of blood and giblets.

"OWWWW," Washu turned away.  Baby Mayuka cutely covered her
eyes and ducked her head.

Ryoko looked up while the Dark Jurai ship took off, "We better
destroy that Dark Jurai ship while we still can!," she
pleaded.

"Okay.  That's your call.," Washu nodded, "Take the brand
new Ryo-Ohki out for a test run!"

"Let's get them, Ryo-Ohki!," Ryoko commanded her pet.

"Myaaaa!  MYAMYAAAAAAMYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!," the cabbit
transformed into a ship and teleported everyone into the bridge
area.  Ryo-Ohki seemed to be a bit roomier than before.

"I think you'll like what I did to Ryo-Ohki.  I upgraded her
to pack a wallop!," Washu got an evil grin on her face as they
pursued the Dark Jurai ship.

"That would be nice if we could CATCH UP to them,...MOM!,"
Ryoko tapped her foot and pointed to the escaping Dark Jurai
vessel.

"Hehe.  Don't worry," Washu took the controls, "Let me just
show you what Ryo-Ohki can do!," she gunned the throttle of
the cabbit / ship and caught up to the ship in almost an
instant.

Ryoko fainted at the sheer velocity of the new upgrade.

"Kids don't think their parents can do anything nowadays!,"
Washu woke her daughter up along with Tenchi with a strong
ammonia / pepper liquid.  The two nearly gagged.

"Where are we?," Tenchi groaned as he struggled to get up.

"We're on the main bridge of Ryo-Ohki!," Washu smiled, "I
didn't want you to miss the weapons demonstration!"

"I'd rather had been passed out than have smelled that!,"
Tenchi shook, "BLECH!"

"What are you trying to do to me, mom?  Kill me?," Ryoko
coughed.

"EXCUSE ME FOR SHOWING YOU MY TALENT AND GENIUS!," Washu
turned around, "And I won't kill you until you have my
grandbaby, Ryoko!!  And I can wait another 20,000 years,
believe me!,  Washu moved her hands, "This button here...,
that energy power-up lever there...and HERE WE GO!"

Ryo-Ohki's weapons powered up.  The Dark Jurai on board
the ship powered up their shields.  But alas!  Ryo-Ohki's
energy beam gathered more and more power and fired.  The
beam focused on the shield, penetrating it and breaching
the wooden material.  The Dark Juraians screamed as the
ship exploded in a brilliant fireball.

Washu laughed triumphantly as she held up the baby Mayuka.
"We did it!  Now that we have won this little battle, we
can go home and give daddy new martial arts techniques!"

"One thing struck me as strange," Tenchi sighed, "How did
that Dark Jurai know I was a Light Jurai prince?  And how
did he know about the Tenchiken?"

"I don't know," Ryoko said, "But let's get back for now."
The group returned to Earth (if you're wondering where
Nobuyuki was, he was at work).


Later, in the palace of the Dark Jurai, the same man that
had implied that the Galaxy Police should be attacked was
back at Jurai Ankoku-ou's throne room, "Your Darkness, the
ship sent to Earth was destroyed.  If the operative inside
the Galaxy Police was right, it was Ryo-Ohki that destroyed
the ship."

"Thank you," Jurai Ankoku-ou nodded, "Tell the fleet to be
ready in 48 hours!"

"Yes, sir!," the man teleported away.

<Soon Yuzuha will return.  But we need that Mayuka first!,>
Jurai Ankoku-ou fixated his thoughts on Mayuka and the
rebirth of Yuzuha.


At Galaxy Police Headquarters, Kiyone and Mihoshi had done
all of their orders and checked out with their commanding
officer.  They were about to leave when Mihoshi tugged on
Kiyone's shirt.

"What is it, Mihoshi?," Kiyone asked.

Mihoshi looked fairly upset, "I want to see grandpa again
before I go.  It may be the last time I get to see him
ever again."

Kiyone smiled, "I understand.  I'll wait for you by the
hangars, okay?  Then we can grab something to eat and
head for planet Jurai."

"Jurai?  Why are we headed there," Mihoshi looked confused.

Kiyone's right eye twitched, <Through one ear and out the
other,> Kiyone thought back to the orders of where they
were supposed to be at the beginning of the war.  They
were supposed to protect Jurai from the first wave of
Dark Jurai attacks.  "Never mind...  Just talk to your
grandpa one last time." <Mihoshi never pays attention!>

"Okay," Mihoshi ran as fast as she could to the Marshal's
office.  She threw the door open when she arrived at
her destination.

"Mihoshi!  What are you doing here?," the Marshal asked.

"I just wanted to see you one more time before I leave."

The Marshal sighed, but the frown that accompanied it
changed into a smile, "That was kind of you to think of
me.  Don't worry about me.  I'll be fine."

"C-can you walk with me to the hangars?," Mihoshi asked
with a little sparkling tear in her eye.

The Marshal sighed again.  It was his lunch break before
he had to get back to the hassle of battle preparations.
Again, a frown turned into a smile, "Sure, I will!"

Mihoshi smiled and her eyes lit up, "Yay!"

The two walked to the hangars and talked about the things
they did before such as Mihoshi's first day of Galaxy
Police Academy After a few minutes, they arrived at the
hangars.

"Marshal, sir!," Kiyone saluted the Marshal.

"Stand down.  You don't need to do that, Miss Makibi,"
the Marshal waved his hand and shook his head."

"How did you know my name?," Kiyone asked.

"I know the names of all the best officers in their
departments.  And besides, Mihoshi talks nothing but
good about you...  Did you like the assignment of being
sent to the front that I assigned you?"

"You assigned that, sir?  But isn't it quite...," Kiyone
began.

"No, don't give me that.  I passed down orders to give
your ships the best upgrades.  You'll be fine.  I also
got the best Galaxy Police mechanics to work on your
ship upgrades.  I wanted only the best for my grand-
daughter ad her partner.  Now go out there and make me
proud!  Make the Galaxy Police proud!"

"Yes, sir!," both Mihoshi and Kiyone saluted.

"Grandpa?," Mihoshi asked.

"Yes?," the Marshal replied.

"I know I'm not a little girl anymore, but can I hug you
before I leave?"

The Marshal avoided the frown this time and smiled, "Why
not?"  The two hugged.  "Now, Mihoshi, go do your duties."

"Yes, sir!," Mihoshi turned around and went with Kiyone
to get something to eat.  After that, they headed for
Jurai on autopilot in order to get some sleep.

A shadowy figure watched them until they left...


The Light Jurai council meeting reconvened after an hour.
The decision was unanimous...they would re-employ accelerated
growth technology.

"But one problem stands in our way...," the leading
councilman stated, "We no longer have any machinery
capable of accelerated growth.  Nor do any blueprints
exist in the Light Jurai Empire."

"What do you suggest we do?," Azusa asked.

"It's risky...But someone must steal blueprints from
the Dark Jurai or steal machinery.  The former is more
possible than the latter.  And we will have to avoid
the problem of being attacked while the machinery is
being built.  We should have seen this coming, but we
were too tenacious to our beliefs.  Please forgive us,"
the leading councilman bowed.

"We're not finished yet.  Don't ask forgiveness yet
because we aren't defeated," Azusa shook his head,
"This meeting is adjourned.  Issue the top priority
of getting anything on accelerated growth technology!"

The councilmen left.

"I have some blueprints in the book I left on Earth,"
Yosho told Azusa.

"You do?  I thought you were a bad son but now I think
of you as a convenience a minute!  Go back to Earth,
quickly!  And fast!  I'll get the fastest Jurai ship to
take you back to Earth!," the excited monarch shoved his
son to the exit.

"Goodbye, mother!  Goodbye, everyone!," Yosho waved to
everyone.

"Goodbye!," everyone waved back.

"And don't come back without those blueprints or I'll
disown you a second time!," Azusa yelled.

Yosho made his way back to Earth.


Back on Earth, Tenchi had the rest of the book implanted
into his mind.  Tenchi knew all of the techniques in the
book.  Washu also implanted battle strategies into Tenchi's
cranium.

"Thanks a lot, Washu!," Tenchi cheered.

"That was exhausting!  Don't ask me to do that again!,"
Washu exhaled deeply, "I'll have to invent robots to do
this task for me," a piece of paper was lodged in the
spine of the book, "What's this?," Washu pulled the paper
out and read it.  Her eyes lit up, "Accelerated growth
technology!  If I can build this type of equipment, we
can make fleets of Light Jurai ships to counter the Dark
Jurai!"

Tenchi paid no attention to Washu.  He picked up Mayuka
and played with her.  Ryoko joined him.

"Are you paying attention to me?!," Washu screamed.

"Yeah.  But I'm not that worried," Tenchi said, "They'll
be held off by the Galaxy Police until we get there.  The
Galaxy Police fleet numbers about 1.5 million ships in this
tiny part of the galaxy alone.  There are countless more of
them in use in other parts of this galaxy and neighboring
galaxies!"

"The Galaxy Police cannot use magic to make shields!
They'll be wiped out!," Washu flailed in frustration
trying to get her message accross to Tenchi, "A tiny
fleet of 1,000 Dark Jurai ships can destroy a fleet
of 1 million ships given about a week!"

"Tsunami is the most powerful ship in the Light Jurai
fleet!  They...," Tenchi continued.

Washu cut Tenchi off, "Do you really think Misaki will
allow Sasami to use Tsunami and be destroyed in the
middle of a cheating Dark Jurai fleet?"

"Ahhhhhh, no," Tenchi's head dropped.

"Exactly.  We better head to Jurai and take these with
us.  I'll create a subspace link on board Ryo-Ohki to
my lab.  I'll also use some subspace beacons and teleport
Funaho into the inner chambers of my lab.  Ryo-Ohki is
almost fully recovered, so we'll get ready. I'll copy
the blueprints on our way to Jurai."

"I'll look for Ryo-Ohki," Tenchi went out, "Ryo-Ohki!?!,"
Tenchi called.  He found her by the remains of a big
carrot, "Oh, geez.  Washu!  How long will it take for
Ryo-Ohki to digest a carrot that big!?"

"It takes her a few seconds to digest something as big
as I genetically engineered!  And that's all thanks to
the new upgrade!," Washu answered.

"Geez!  What kind of upgrade did you give her?," Tenchi
shook.  The thought of planting more carrots for a new
Ryo-Ohki's appetite did not thrill him at all.

"A big one!," Washu exclaimed, "Enough questions.  When
your dad gets back from work, we're leaving!  And if
the Dark Jurai are after Mayuka, she'll be safer in the
the Light Jurai fleet's protective zone until the fleet
is larger in number or the fleet is wiped out!"

"But grandpa...!," Tenchi attempted to plea with Washu.

"Didn't he say he'd be there for three days?  He'll be
back any minute now!"

"But it's been four days!," Tenchi sounded concerned.

"I lose track of time too much!!!!," Washu slapped
her forehead, "It's taking him more time probably
because of a Light Jurai council meeting.  Yosho is
probably still on Jurai!"

"You're probably right...  Dad will be back in a few
minutes, so let's get Funaho into your lab and compress
the house," Tenchi helped Washu teleport Funaho and
Ryoko had the house compressed like she did when she
met Tenchi (OAV Episode 2).

Tenchi wondered about Washu's assumption about the
Dark Jurai's motives behind coming to get Mayuka.  A
bad feeling hung in Tenchi's heart.  He had become so
attached to Mayuka that he didn't want anything bad to
happen to her.

When Nobuyuki got back, the group left for Jurai.
They didn't know that Yosho was on his way back.


End of Chapter 6

