Tenchi Muyo:  The Darkness:  The Sword of Kurai
Vol. 1:  Book 1:  Chapter 3
Date:  5/10/98
By:  J.Bond

Disclaimer:  I DO NOT OWN THESE CHARACTERS, THEY BELONG TO AIC/PIONEER.  I DO NOT
INTEND TO MAKE MONEY OFF THIS IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM.  I DO NOT HAVE THE TIME OR
THE MONEY FOR A LAWSUIT - I DO NOT WANT ONE ON MY HANDS ANYWAY.

This is my story, and I'm going to be real ticked off if somebody decides to plagiarize. 
SO DON'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Summary:  RYOKO!!!!!!!!!!  RYOKO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  What about Ryoko!  Well that is my
question.  And what is The Darkness!?!?!?!  Ayeka has been, kinda just there.  She has
participated with the crew much.  In our last little ditty Ryoko was wounded by some kind
of evil demon.  The whereabouts of this demon are still unknown.  Sasami meanwhile
encountered a strange figure and was entranced, and then later asks her sister, Ayeka,
about The Darkness.  Where she got the name?  We may never know (LOL).

Author's Notes:  Well were back are we?  At least some of you.  I hope!  There are going
to be a few changes in the next book!  The next book being one of them.  This chapter will
conclude The Darkness portion of our saga.  But don't worry!!!  It's not even close to
being over!!!!  We still have a lot of story to go.  I've had some help on some of the
ideas so I would like to Congrats them.  Ryoko82039 and Ryoohki275 have submitted a few
good ideas.  Now after this chapter look for this story as Tenchi Muyo:  Pale Horse, Pale
Rider:----------.

Feedback is highly appreciated.  HOW I'M I SUPPOSE TO KNOW IF YOU LIKE IT OR
NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Without further adio (don't know if I spelled that
right) here we go!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------

TENCHI MUYO
THE DARKNESS

THE SWORD OF KURAI

	

	Tenchi paced around on the porch of the house.  The sun poured through the
foliage of the trees and onto the ground, evaporating the water from the days before.  The
wood panels seemed to scrap his feet as he paced back and forth.  
	"Why?"  Tenchi said aloud.  It had been a whole day since they had found Ryoko
laying in the mud.  Her body soaked in blood and some kind of other substance that Tenchi
had never seen.  They had found a body nearby but it had dissolved within hours.  Ryoko
had grown worse.  Her wound wasn't that bad but Washu had said that there was some kind of
toxin in her.  Somehow the demon had infected her.
	And then there was Ayeka and Sasami.  Apparently Sasami had said something. 
Something that had set Ayeka off.  The crowned princess had panicked.  Yelling something
about The Darkness.  
	"Her fevers going up....."  Tenchi turned to see Sasami standing in the
doorway.  "It's at 104 now."  There was great sadness in her voice.  Small tears well up
at the ends of her pink eyes.   Suddenly she broke and hugged Tenchi.  He could feel a
small moisten on his shirt as the tears soaked him.  "Washu said she's probably going to
die." 
	Tenchi reeled back and wrapped his arms around Sasami.  Tenchi's own tears
began to fall know.  Why was this happening?  Why?  "Don't worry Sasami."  Tenchi tried to
reassure himself.  But it failed, his hopes decreased with every passing second.  A lump
rose in his throat.  The young prince tried desperately to swallow it back down.  His
breathe turned choppy as he pulled in more and more air.
	Tenchi looked up through tears to see his grandfather standing in the doorway. 
There was a solemn look on his face.  "Tenchi,"  he paused.  "I must talk to you.  This is
of grave importance."
	Sasami looked up and wiped the tears from her eyes.  "I have to go help
Washu."  the small person turned and walked away.  Lord Katsuhito scratched his chin and
adjusted his glasses.  
	"Why?"  Tenchi asked hoping for so kind of answer.
	His grandfather remained silent for a long time and then spoke, "I don't know
Tenchi.  All things happen for a reason.  Most of the time they hurt.  I don't know why a
lot of these things happen.  But I do know what you need to do."
	Tenchi turned around to face his grandfather.  "Anything to save her."
	"Tenchi.........I don't know if it will save her.  But I do know that you must
do this for the greater good."  
	Tenchi stared at Lord Katsuhito.  "What is it?"
	"We are facing a demon of such strength."  he paused.  "The Darkne-"
	Someone interrupted.  "That is just a fairy tale told to scare children of
Jurai!!!"  
	Tenchi turned to see Ayeka standing inside the house half hidden in the
shadows.  She coward slightly as Lord Katsuhito turned around.  "It's not."
	"I'm sorry Yosho, but it is."  Ayeka had small tears manifested on her checks. 
"No one has ever proven it's existence."
	"Because they have forgotten!"  
	Ayeka brought her hands to her chest.  She inhaled sharply and looked out
towards Tenchi.  "Does he know the story?"
	Lord Katsuhito shook his head.  "No, I was going to tell him."
	"TELL ME WHAT?!?!?!?"  Tenchi yelled as best he could.
	Yosho sighed and sat down on the porch crossing his legs Indian style.  "Sit
down Tenchi.  Long, long, long ago, the first, or second emperor of Jurai posed far
superior power then anyone else.  It was the strongest that they had ever seen.  That was
when the power began to control him.  He manifested all his energy into an amulet, called
The Darkness.  For years after his death the amulet was passed from emperor to emperor." 
Yosho paused and looked out into the forest.  "One of those emperors managed to unlock the
power from the amulet.  It acted like an amplifier of the Jurai power.  He became obsessed
with it.  The soul of the first emperor had been transferred into the amulet.  The
Darkness would take over it's bearer, giving the spirit a body."
	Tenchi sat wide eyed.
	"The emperor began to destroy everything.  In a last ditch effort the last few
rebels managed to steal a sword used by the Royal Family of Jurai.  Through ways that were
never fully made clear in the legend, a power was bestowed upon the sword.  It was said
that the sword gave the TRUTH of all things.  There could be no deception.  The spirits of
all the warriors, knights, and emperors of Jurai flowed through the sword guiding the
user."  Yosho sighed and yawned.  
	"WHAT HAPPENED?!?!?" Tenchi yelled.  
	"A lone warrior fought the emperor.  Since the sword had been used by
possessors of the amulet it was able to defeat it.  But it could not really be destroyed. 
Instead the essence of the amulet remained and inhabited the spirit of the emperor.  They
were abolished to a world that was created to hold The Darkness.  The lone warrior knew
that the amulet had not been destroyed.  So he kept the sword and was buried in vault with
it when he died.  The sword remains there as we speak."
	"What does that have to do with anything?"  Tenchi asked.
	"The emperor that the amulet's spirit inhabitants is only known as The Keeper. 
His real name is Shinjuko Kaowski.  Somehow he has broken free of his confines and know
seeks his revenge."
	"What do we do?" Tenchi asked.  His mind wondered to Ryoko and the lump
reappeared in his throat.
	"We recover the sword and destroy The Keeper."  Lord Katsuhito was monotone.
	"That is just a story used to scare children."  Ayeka finally spoke.  "You
could leave looking for something that doesn't exist."
	"Do you deny the existence of The Keeper know....After what has happened to
Ryoko?"  Yosho asked.
	"Wha---.....Err."  Ayeka paused to collect her thoughts. 
	"With one there is another.  Without The Keeper there is no sword.  But with
The Keeper there must be a sword."  Lord Katsuhito said quietly.
	Sasami came running upstairs.  "EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hurry Ryoko's waking
up!!"

*****

	Washu looked over her daughter.  She brushed a piece of cyan hair aside and
looked at her face.  The delicate features, the feline like eyes.  It ripped her insides
to pieces to her daughter like this.  Her own, lying on the table barely able to breathe
on her own.  A small tear fell from Washu's eyes.
	"WWWWWHHYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!" Washu yelled.  She fell onto the table and let
herself go.  The tears poured from her checks.  Her daughter dead.  It hurt more than she
could explain.  If only she could have found her earlier maybe she could have helped her
more.  Washu's hands went into fists as she slammed them against the table.  Again and
again.  
	There was a small beep signaling someone coming.  Quickly she wiped away the
tears and blew her nose.  She took one last look at her daughter.  So beautiful.  Her
flesh was already losing color.  She might be dead within the hour.  The poison was to
strong and too fast.  Washu had never seen anything like it.  The toxin was deadly and
spread fast.  If Ryoko had been human she would be dead within seconds of contact.
	Tenchi came down the stairs followed by Sasami and Ayeka.  
	"How does it look?"  Tenchi asked.  He paused slightly looking at his wife. 
"And what about the baby?"
	Washu composed herself and faced her son-in-law.  "Her fever is gradually
rising.  I can't stop.  There is a toxin in her body that I have never seen before. 
Everything that I've tried has failed.  If this continues without falling then she will
die within the next two days.  And with it both of your children."  Washu straightened up
and tried to look strong.
	Surprised raced across Tenchi's face.  "WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!?!  Err..."
	Washu looked confused, "Hmmm, what is it?"
	"YOU JUST SAID CHILDREN!!!!!"  Tenchi yelled.
	Ayeka gasped and brought her hand to her mouth.  "Twins?"
	Washu nodded her head.  "I ran a scan on the babies, there's two."
	"Can you be sure!"  Ayeka asked.  
	"Yes, there's definitely two.  A boy and a girl."  Washu looked down at her
daughter again.  "My dear Ryoko.  I loved you more than words can say."
	Tenchi stared shocked.  "Twins...."  her repeated.
	Sasami had remained silent and then the room was filled with her quiet sobs.  
	"So in essence three people are dying."  Ayeka said to herself.
	"Yes, there's little I can do.  I've tried everything that I know of."  Washu
laid down the honest truth.  It pained her to say the words.
	Ayeka turned to Sasami, "Maybe we should leave Sasami so Tenchi can be alone
with Ryoko."  Ayeka cradled her sister and walked up the stairs and through the door.  The
laboratory was empty except for Washu and Tenchi.  The silence seemed to be overwhelming. 
Like a giant blackness that threatened to swallow them up whole any second.  
	"She was so....."  Tenchi trailed off as his hands contracted into fists.
	"I know....."  Washu tried her best to find the words but failed.  
	"She was taken away so fast.  I didn't expect anything like this to happen. 
And know my children are going to die!!"  Washu could hear Tenchi's teeth grinding
together as he tried to hold the tears in.  The silence grew and swallowed them both into
it's endless stomach of pain.

*****

	Ayeka set Sasami on the couch and faced Yosho, who was sitting at the table. 
"How do we stop this?"  She asked.  She maintained her posture as she approached Lord
Katsuhito.  She couldn't show any weakness.  She mustn't, for Tenchi, for Ryoko and the
others, she must be strong.
	Lord Katsuhito sipped his tea, the light reflected off of his glasses as he
turned his head up to face the Royal Princess of Jurai.  "We must locate The Sword of
Kurai.  Then we destroy The Keeper."  
	"THE SWORD DOESN'T EXIST!!!"  Ayeka screamed.  She quickly realized her sudden
outburst.  "Forgive me."
	"No need, I understand your feelings.  I thought the same for years.  That it
was just  a story told to children.  To scare them into not being bad.  That was until I
found the exact location."  Lord Katsuhito paused and watched for effect.
	Ayeka was taken back.  What was he talking about?  "WHAT?!?!  Where is it?"
	"On one of the planets in the forbidden zone of Jurai.  There in a large
underground vault it lies.  The Hall of Jikan, inside there the sword lays.  It is
protected by three tests of strength that only a true Jurian would be able to pass."
	"What are they?"  Ayeka was intrigued but frightened at the same time.
	"The first is a test of power.  The second is a test on ones courage and then
third is the sword itself.  I do not know what the tests are, but only what they are
testing."  Yosho looked towards the storage room door.
	"Your going to send Tenchi to recover it?!?!?!"  Ayeka gasped.
	"He has access to the Light Hawk and is trained enough to use it."  Yosho
said.
	"You can't be serious!"  Ayeka pulled a small strand of purple hair from her
face.  What was Lord Katsuhito thinking?
	"He must.  To save his child, wife and himself.  He must recover The Sword of
Kurai."  
	Ayeka fell silent.  "You don't even know if this is true!"
	"Trust me Ayeka," He stared up at the princess.
	Ayeka stormed off upstairs.  She pulled open the door and laid down onto the
bed.  Why was this happening?  The Darkness?  The Sword of Kurai?  Things began to stop
making sense anymore.  Ayeka felt a wave of confusion come over her as she tried to drift
off into sleep.  Her old friend didn't come.  Sleep never came and probably never would
for a while.  Ayeka laid on the bed staring at the ceiling.  She didn't know for how long. 
Only that things were happening down stairs.  Things that she probably didn't want to know
about.
	She pondered everything.  Tenchi, Ryoko, there children.  Out of the corner of
her eye she could see the picture standing upright on the table.  So much had changed. 
The past shouldn't be dragged out, just remembered.  Ryoko might die, and that would leave
Tenchi in a state of hopelessness.  Or worse.
	The exact thing that she had fled from had found her on Earth.  Pressure, it
found her everywhere.  There was so much responsibility, all she wanted was a small break. 
Just a short vacation, but there would be nothing of the sorts in the days ahead.  It was
going to be a long trial ahead.  It would be hard to choose which fork to take and which
one's to divert.
	There was a sudden knock on the door that brought Ayeka swimming back to the
surface and out of her thoughts.  "Who is it?"  Her voice was soft.
	"It's Yosho."  The voice was calm and reserved.
	"Come in."  Ayeka pulled herself up and sat on the side of the bed.
	Lord Katsuhito pulled the door open and then stepped inside.  He quietly
closed his arms and looked at Ayeka.  "I have a favor to ask of you."
	Ayeka narrowed her eyes slightly.  "Yes, what is it."
	"I need you to go with Tenchi in search of the sword."  Yosho cut to the
point.
	Ayeka paused and assessed the situation.  If there was no sword then it would
be a waste of time.  They could end up dying, somehow.  Be hijacked by pirates, or worse. 
On the other hand, if The Darkness was real then the sword must be.  If they found the
sword maybe the nightmare would finally be over.
	She could feel Yosho's eyes watching, looking for some sign of response. 
"Yes......I'll do it."  

*****

	Tenchi turned towards Washu a frown plastering his face.  "Washu.....could
you-"
	Washu already knew the question.  "Yes.....Tenchi I'm truly sorry."  And with
that she left leaving Tenchi alone with Ryoko.
	He could see her eyes moving back and forth under her eyelids.  What was she
thinking?  Sweat beads had formed all over her.  Quietly he took his sleeve and wiped away
the salty liquid.  He brushed her cheek with his hand noting that her face was already
losing color.  
	"Te....nchiiiii"  Ryoko moaned.  It seemed to take all of the energy that she
posed to utter her words.  
	He stroked her hair, feeling the tears beginning to form.  It hurt him to see
his love in so much pain.  "I'm here Ryoko.  Don't speak, just try and rest."  Memories
flashed through his mind.  Memories of the beginning, the middle, and the end.....
	Tenchi could remember as if it were yesterday the first day he saw Ryoko.  The
time when she tried to kill him on the roof of the school.  So many years ago it seemed. 
Time killed, gave birth, erred mountains, and created oceans.  It was man's greatest enemy
but his greatest friend as well.
	Nothing seemed to matter anymore.  Tenchi pulled Ryoko's head up as a great
wave of sadness swept over him.  It was like a dark tide consuming a small animal.  The
black water engulfing the creature till there was nothing left of it.  Just memories.  And
they to disappeared with time.
	"Oh why my RYOKO!!!!!!!!!!  WHY!!"  Tenchi pulled away from his wife and
looked at her.  Everything happened for a reason people said.  But this didn't seem to be
for anything.  Yes, it was true that she wasn't dead yet, but Washu had said that there
was nothing she could do.  
	His children.  What would become of them?  He wasn't just losing Ryoko, but
losing his entire family.  That was what hurt the most.  What caused the infinite
blackness that bathed his heart.  Tenchi could feel the cold tears begin to stream down
his face.  He hardly noticed them.  Pain was all he felt.  He would never forget this, and
never forgive who ever did it.  And he would never FEAR them.  Fear was for the enemy. 
Fear and vengeance.

*****

	Motoko wheeled back in pain as the butt of a rifle slammed into her chest. 
The air that she possessed shot out of her and she fell to the ground with a thud.  
	"Get up!"  A man shouted.  He was dressed in full body armor.  His rifle was
held ready and pointed at Motoko.
	With trouble she wrapped her arm around her chest and came to her feet. 
Motoko narrowed her eyes through the strands of purple hair that hung in front of her
face.  "I'm warning you..."  Motoko's voice was a whipser.
	"SHUT UP!!!!"  The guard slammed the stock against her shoulder and sent the
woman to the floor.  "When I tell you to speak you'll speak!  Now were's your pass, your
not suppose to be in this area!"
	The junction of the hallway inside the ship was quite as the two stared at
each other.  "Fuck you...."  Motoko coughed.
	The guard jerked back in surprise.  "What did you say?!?!?!"
	"I said FUCK YOU!!!"  Motoko screamed.
	The guard raised his rifle preparing to slam it against her skull.  Motoko
could feel the gem on her chest begin to burn and her shoulders were already on fire.  The
power was begging to be let loose.  The Darkness wanted to be used.  The small woman
whipped her hands out to the sides.  Florescent bands of pink light jutted from the ground
and wrapped themselves around her.
	"And now pig.....you die!"  Motoko screamed.  She was on her feet engulfed in
pink energy.  The guard stumbled backwards and leveled the gun.  "HAHAHAHAH!!"  Motoko
laughed.  There was so much power.  She felt invincible, it was enormous.  Strands of blue
electricity whipped across and formed a concentrated point in the palm of her hands. 
Motoko made a fist and the blue ball turned into a shard like weapon.  
	"AHhhh!"  The guard pulled the trigger.  Shells flew out of the carbine and
tried to rip through Motoko's defense.  The bullets slowed instantly when they made
contact with the pink energy.  There were small pops as they exploded.  The guards face
registered pure fear.  
	Motoko swung the blue icicle like blade at waist level.  There was a screech
as the body armor was shredded.  If was though Motoko had lost control, she was no longer
fighting, but some other force was.  The pink glow intensified and she began to slash
again and again.  Spurts of blood emitted from inside the guard's suit.
	The guard fell to the ground and didn't move.  "Please stop.....please."  He
was begging.
	Motoko smiled a wicked smile and launched herself up into the air.  She turned
the blade upside down and brought it down.  The was a crack as it split through the uncial
armor and bone.  Blood pumped from the wound in his chest.  He made one final jerk and
then went limp.  Motoko held her position for a second and then confusion swept over her.
	The pink light disappeared with the blue icicle of power.  She found herself
standing over a dead body.  "What.....?"  She looked down at her hands.  It had become so
hard to remember what she had done.  All she could fell was the enormous power that came
from The Darkness.  Quickly she pulled the gem to eye level.  It was white hot and the
chain on which it hung was hotter.
	"What are you?"  She dropped it and looked around.  Motoko scanned the area
and looked down at the body.  The carbine was lying next to him.  Bullet holes were in the
wall behind her.  "Oh no!"  The others would be here within minutes.  Quickly she turned
down the junction and ran through the blackness.  The motion sensors picked up on her and
the hallway illuminated itself.
	They would find her.  Then she would be captured.  The Keeper would not like
this.  Motoko knew what he would do to her.  He'll destroy me!  The air around her seemed
to be stale.  As if it hadn't circulated through there in years.  Confusion threatened to
engulf her.  The power had been so strong.  She had lost control and something else had
taken over.  But what had it been?
	She came to another T-junction, quickly the small woman jumped to the right
and headed towards the docking bay.  Her trench coat flew behind her.  It wasn't going to
be an easy ride from here on out.

*****

	Sasami laid on the couch deep in her own thought.  Ryo-ohki tried to nestled
against the small princesses arm to no avail.  
	Tears slowly dried on her face.  You never knew how much you cared for someone
until they were really gone.  The pain etched deep into her soul.  She doubted that it
would ever be erased.  Already she had began to try and forget what was happening.
	Instead of facing her problems Sasami chose to shove them in some small corner
of her mind and hope that she would never find them.  It felt as if she was in a prison
with no door or windows.  No way out.  She pulled the small cabbit close to her.  
	Something flashed in front of her eyes.  Images.  Images of pain and horror. 
Sasami cringed and sat up.  "What the..."  Suddenly a figure was standing before her. 
Something struck at Sasami's memory.  She had seen this person before.  He was standing
right in front of her.  Quickly the little princess looked around for someone and found no
one.
	"W-w-wh-who are you?"  she backed against the couch as the cabbit began to
hiss.
	"I am your friend child."  The figure said.  His crimson eyes stared down at
the little girl.  There was something about those eyes that Sasami found hypnotic.  It was
strange, she felt almost peaceful there.
	"Who are you?"  Sasami found herself becoming lost in his eyes.
	"Call me Shinjuko child."  His voice was soft.
	"Shinjuko?"  
	"Yes,"
	"Hmmm, strange name."  she felt her back press against the couch.  "How did
you get in......"
	Sasami stared into his eyes and blackness seemed to surround her.

*****

	Tenchi sat in the darkness of the shadows watching Ryoko.  She looked so
peaceful, in the last hour she her fever had rose to 105.  There was nothing Washu could
do.  She had tried and for one of the few times in her life she had failed.
	The sound of someone coming brought Tenchi out of his thought and back into
reality.  Sasami came into the light around Ryoko.  The overhead light reflected off of
the table Ryoko was on.  Tenchi stared in bewilderment.  Sasami was just staring at Ryoko. 
Her eyes seemed empty somehow.  They looked hollow.
	Then suddenly Sasami raised her hands into the air.  A small pillar of light
began to form in her palms.  WHAT?!?!?!  What was she doing?
	"SASAMI!"  Tenchi yelled revealing himself from the shadows.
	All small forgone sound emitted from her throat.  She turned and launched the
ball of light towards Tenchi.
	"Ahhh"  Tenchi gasped and threw himself to the side.  "What are you doing! 
Are you crazy?"
	Sasami didn't reply.  Her blue hair blew back against the reverberation of the
explosion.  Little bits of shrapnel flew everywhere as pieces of Washu's equipment
exploded.  Tenchi dived to the ground and jumped behind a large box of some sort.  Orbs of
light continued to fly overhead.
	"SASAMI!  What's wrong with you?"  Tenchi screamed.  He could see a door about
5 feet to his right.  He would have to go out into the open to get to it.  "Sasami,"  What
was she thinking?  Tenchi crouched and dived towards the door.
	A ball of light exploded in his side.  Then he heard Sasami's voice, but it
wasn't her's there was something odd about it.  "Ohhhhh, did I hurt the prince of Jurai. 
Did I break a rib?"  
	She brought her hands up to her mouth and laughed.  Was she crazy?  
	"Sasami....."  A sudden pain jutted into his ribs.  "ENOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
Tenchi screamed.  He jumped up and brought his hands out in front of him.  The Light Hawk
suddenly materialized in his hands.  The hum of the blue blade caused Sasami to pause
slightly.  
	"So the prince of Jurai wishes to play does he?"  The voice was laced with
sarcasm.  
	Quickly Tenchi limped to the side and launched himself through the door.  His
surroundings suddenly disappeared replaced by Pseudo space.  He was floating in mid air
for a split second and then he landed on a hard surface.  Tenchi looked around and noticed
grass, there were trees and a huge lake around him.
	Without thinking he ran forwards towards the large lake.  There was a large
pale moon above him and a twin on the surface of the water.  Tenchi could hear a sudden
hum as Sasami entered the strange realm.  The stars overhead sparkled slightly and danced
there hypnotic movements.  
	The Light Hawk made a gentle hum as Tenchi ran full speed.  He stopped as he
reached the edge of the lake.  This couldn't be happening!  Suddenly there was a loud whiz
and a ball of white energy raced towards Tenchi.  Instinctively he raised the Light Hawk
and meet the ball head on.  There was a huge rush of air as the two forces collided.  The
air seemed to disappear as the small orb exploded.  It looked as if a small bubble
surrounded Tenchi.  
	"SASAMI!!!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"  He yelled over the blast.  Dust flew up from
the ground.  She's so powerful!  I never knew she had this much power!  Can't hurt her
though.  The dust settled on the ground around the prince.  Sasami had disappeared, she
had simply vanished.  "Err...."
	Slowly Tenchi turned around in a full circle keeping the Light Hawk parallel
incase of attack.  The trees around him where a deep green and lush.  They created a thick
canopy that protected him from the light of the moon.  The lake stretched out as far as
the eye could see and there was a soft lapping sound as the water splashed upon the bank. 
The soft hum of insects could be heard all around him.  The air was thin and fresh, it had
a crisp feel to it.  Tenchi could almost taste the air.
	The bugs continued to hum softly as Tenchi scanned the area.  Sasami had gone
somewhere.  Maybe she had gone back through the portal.  Maybe she wasn't even here
anymore.  In response to his thoughts, Sasami came flying out of the trees.
	"AAHHHH"  Tenchi gasped.  He wheeled back and brought the Light Hawk up in
time to deflect another ball of energy.  The little princess landed softly on the ground. 
Her small face peered up at him.
	"OH MY DEAR TENCHI DID I HURT YOU?!?"  
	"Sasami, enough of this!"  
	The blue haired girl stood up as tall as possible and then began to charge at
him.  Tenchi narrowed his eyes and gripped the Light Hawk tighter.  I can't hurt her but I
have to take her down!  If I don't she'll kill me!  He held his position as Sasami came
closer and closer.  A golden beam of light begin to resonate itself around her chest.
	"I'm sorry Sasami......"  Quickly he jumped to the side and slammed the hilt
of the Light Hawk against the back of Sasami's head.  There was a dull thud and then she
fell to the ground.  Tenchi paused and waited to see if she would get up again.  The Light
Hawk flickered and then disappeared as he relaxed.  I'm sorry Sasami.  
	The air around him seemed to hang for a second and then a large gust of wind
flew over him.  There was a soft rustle of leaves.  There was something that he was
forgetting.  His mind suddenly screamed out.  RYOKO!  Quickly he snatched up Sasami and
raced back the way he came.  The door suddenly materialized out of the blue.
	Tenchi raced up to it and turned the knob.  He took one final look at the
strange setting.  The lake made a soft rustle as if saying good-bye.  Then the wind bid
him farewell with a warm breeze.  How beautiful.  He turned and walked through the door.

******

	The Keeper hovered softly above the glistening pool of shadows.  Everything
was taking to long.  The Jurians were already to close.  Three of them already knew, and
one knew the location of the sword.  He floated in placid design for a second before
deciding his next choice of action.
	He waved his hand slightly and the pool of darkness formed itself into an
image.  It was Motoko, his servant.  She was running down a darkened hallway, the power
around her resonated it's signature.  She had used The Darkness recently.  Felt it's
power, it's potency.  Without words he brought his hands into the air and formed a small
portal.  
	The portal shifted and expanded.  The circle began to widen till a full grown
human could pass through.  Motoko appeared inside the small circle.  She was running
farther and farther away from it.
	The Keeper's eyes burned crimson, "MOTOKO!!"
	The woman stopped and then turned, her face contorted in fear.  Her features
were hideously set in a look of pure terror.  "Noooo...."  Was the only word she could
mutter.
	A slender finger extended from his cloaked body.  "Come here my daughter."
	"No just leave me alone."
	The Keeper made a fist and watched as Motoko fell to the ground in pain. 
"Don't you ever say that to me again.  Remember what I have given you!"  
	Motoko whimpered and dropped to the ground.  There was a dull thud as she hit
the metal floor.  The Keeper's eyes fired again, "Now come here!"
	Quietly sobbing to herself she lifted her body up and walked into the portal.

*****

	The Jurian scenery provided a relaxing view to Hideyuki Muesdio, a Jurian
Knight.  His long reddish spiky hair flew out in all directions and his blue iceberg like
eyes stared into the distance.  He was a good 6' 5", and well built.  White robes covered
him as he sat down on the hill.  The wind picked up momentarily offering a little comfort. 
His thin lips formed into an odd smile.
	"What a day."  He said.  Hideyuki was the Head Trainer for the new knights. 
His job was to train the ones with potential.  Teach them how to combine techniques with
others to form new attacks.  Today was his only break.  He was long overdue for a break. 
After training youngsters all day he felt whipped.  
	The sun was posed high above the green trees and tried to penetrate the thick
defensive canopy that had been created.  Hideyuki stood up and dusted himself off.  He
sighed softly and took one last look at the world around him.  Then he turned down the
hill and preceded towards the palace.  
	A soft breeze past by him and a perception of danger popped into his head. 
"Hmmm..."
	The trees seemed to be waiting for something.  The Knight stopped and scanned
his surroundings.  Green trees lined up everywhere.  Small shrubs and other plant life
lined the ground.  And then the one thing that was out of place a tree about the size of a
man.  Hideyuki couldn't help but clap.  "That is a good one Takuto."
	The tree suddenly moved and then a figure took form.  A young man stood before
the Knight.  He was tall and had brown hair that was pulled back.  "How'd you know?"
	"It'll take a lot more than that to fool me!"  Hideyuki laughed.  
	"Then how about this old man!"  The youth launched himself at Hideyuki.  
	"OLD!!!  YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!"  
	The young man was about to land on The Knight and then Hideyuki's figure
suddenly disappeared.
	"Whaa?"  Takuto looked around in bewilderment.  "Huh?"
	"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!"  Hideyuki popped out from behind a tree.  He was down
low near the ground.  A long leg slide out from the robes and smacked the back of Takuto's
legs.  The youth fell to the ground and began to roll to the side.  Quickly he flipped
himself upright.
	"Funny!"  His voice was laced with sarcasm.  He brought a fist up and small
rays of light began to be pulled towards his palm.
	Hideyuki paused for a second.  He was getting good!  The teacher summoned his
own strength.  Rapidly Hideyuki brought his fist forward.  Several small blue needle like
rods fired towards Takuto.  
	The youth's face lit up with surprise.  Changing hastily he brought his
forearm out in front of him.  A large orange oval formed around him.  The blue needles
made exploded against the shield.  The countryside was lite up with a spectrum of colors.  
	"Good you've improved!" Hideyuki joked.
	"More than you would know!"  Takuto shouted.  He screamed and incoherent
jumble of noises and then brought his legs together and shot one arm forward.  Strands of
black fire raced from his fingertips.
	Hideyuki wheeled back in surprise.  INTERESTING!  Easily deflectable, but an
enormous improvement.  "You might guard the emperor yet!"  Hideyuki laughed.
	The knight crossed his arms over his chest, a wall of ice ripped up from the
ground protecting him from the fire.  Elemental skills have improved along with tech
combinations, Hideyuki noted.  The youth made a passive grunt and then threw himself into
the air.
	Hideyuki stood his position and waited.  He watched the apprentice arc into a
jump kick in mid air.  "Too easy!"  With lighting speed he brought his hand up and caught
Takuto's foot.  He stayed suspend in air for a second and then Hideyuki wheeled around and
slammed him into a tree.  The knight brought a hand to his mouth to muffle the laughter.
	Takuto laid upside down by a tree trunk.  He immediately brought his hand up
to his head.  There was a large lump near the back of his head and a small bruise on his
face.  "Err, jalkajglk alkg."  He gibbered on trying to form sentences in his dazed state. 
He blinked twice and tried to focus his eyes.  Little cabbits floated in his vision,
>^.^<.  
	"That's for calling me old."  Hideyuki joked.
	"Err.....it'll.....ne..nerve....never happen-"  Takuto dropped to the ground
and paced out.  
	"HAHAHAHA!"  Quietly he sat down and waited for the his SON to regain
consciousness.

A FEW HOURS LATER

	Hideyuki walked through the main gateway into the Jurian Palace.  People
busily walked back and forth.  He scanned the scenery.  There were two large pillars in
the corners of the giant room.  Vines entangled around them, almost overtaking them. 
There was a large silver tree in the middle.  The Ellcrist!  One Jurai's most famed
mythical trees.  It is mostly for love superstition, such as if to people kiss while
touching the tree, they are destined to fall in love and live the rest of their lives
together.
	A few people were idle, everyone had something to do.  Hideyuki slowly walked
towards the ancient tree.  The silver bark reflected the light of the sun.  "Hideyuki!"
	The knight turned to the source of the voice.  It belonged to a short slightly
plump man that waddled back and forth.
	"Yes, what is it."  
	"The Emperor seeks your console."  The man was breathing heavily.  
	"THE EMPEROR!!!  What for?"  Hideyuki questioned.
	"I was not permitted to know.  Just to find you and send you on your way." 
The little man looked up at the warrior.
	Hideyuki nodded and turned toward back towards the old tree.  "Good-bye my
love, you are missed dearly......"
	The fat man turned and looked at him.  "Are you okay?"
	"Yes, fine."
	"I was just wondering since, well... you know.   You were talking to a tree."  
	Hideyuki shook his head.  They would never know.  "No, I'm fine.  I will
report immediately."
	The fat man turned and walked away to attend to other matters.  The knight
paused and took one final glance at the tree.  I miss you so my dear.....  

*****

	Ryoko tumbled trough the empty void that had become her home over the hours. 
There was nothing.  She didn't know if she was standing, floating, sitting, laying.  She
was just there.  The wound on her arm had turned white with puss and the blood loss was
enormous.  Where am I?  She tried to summon her powers but there was nothing.  Noone.  She
felt the loneliness begin to sink in after the first few hours.  Or had it been days. 
There was no way to tell time.  There was no light.  No darkness.
	"Help!"  Ryoko cried.  She didn't know if it was her voice or if she had
simply said it in her mind.  
	"Ryyy..oookooo."  A voice purred.
	There was a vague familiarity about it but she couldn't remember.  
	"Ryyyyoookkkoo."  
	Her mind suddenly screamed at her.  "TENCHI!"

	*****
	Ayeka paused slightly to look out the window.  Sasami had vanished a while ago
and everything had remained mostly calm and melancholy.  Everything seemed to be turning
and moving so fast now.  Ryoko was almost dead and she was expected to go on a journey to
find some sword that they didn't even know was real.  She balled her fists and let a small
tear fall down onto the floor.  
	"You must do this without fear Ayeka."  
	The princess turned and saw Lord Kasuhito standing behind her.  "How is it
possible?"
	"Everything is depending on the recovery of this sword!  If it's not found
then we are all lost.  Worse, we well be servants to The Darkness.."  He paused and
collected his calm reserve.  "The Sword of Kurai is needed once again.  A Jurian prince
and princess will be the one's to recover it." 
	Ayeka turned back towards the window.  "How do we find this place once we
reach the planet?"
	"It will be quite obvious I would guess."
	"How so?"
	"The legend says that when the true bearer steps upon the ground the streets
will come alive with a carnival."
	"What is that suppose to mean?"  Ayeka wondered aloud.
	"I'm not entirely sure, but my guess would be that once Tenchi stands on that
planet something will happen, to guide you."
	Ayeka thought for a second and then a notion came across her.  "Where's
Tenchi?"

>^.^<

	The Caretaker paused and collected his tools.  It was early morning and his
duties called.  He had to attend to the Ellcrist before the business day began.  Quietly,
not to disturb anything, he walked into the main clearing and peered up at the magnificent
tree.  The silver bark radiated a little less today for some reason.
	Without a second thought he walked underneath it's protective tree covering
and began to tend to it.  Silently he planted the small flowers he had brought with him
around the roots.  The air seemed thick and there was an eirrie feel to everything. 
Looking back over his work he began to adjust the look of the flowers.  Suddenly he felt
something small on his shoulder.
	The old man turned his head and small a large brown, crumpled leaf.  The
Caretaker's eyes filled with confusion.  Interested he picked up the leaf and inspected it
closely.  He looked around for some source.  Then another fell, it was the same color and
feel.  The man drew back away and looked at the top of the tree.
	All the silver leafs that had once inhabited it were gone.  They had turned
brown and begun to fall of.  The Caretaker fell back, "Oh my word!"	
	The Ellcrist was dying.  Or was already dead!  He didn't know.  Jetting
himself he ran towards the emperor's chamber.  He stopped as there seemed to be a soft
moan from the tree.  Without further thought the Caretaker ran to emperor's chamber.

>^.^<

	Tenchi set Sasami down onto a nearby table and then ran towards the stairs. 
He burst through the door and was launched through Pseudo space.  He flew into the hallway
and almost landed on his face.  His ribs suddenly cried out in pain.  "Ayeka!  Washu! 
SOMEONE!"
	Washu came running from the kitchen.  "Tenchi!  What's wrong!?!"
	Tenchi gasped and pulled in large gulps of air.  Ayeka came from the living
room and kneeled beside him.  "Sa-S-Sasami......She just lost it......attacked me...."
	"What?"  Ayeka jumped slightly.  "What are you talking about?"
	"Downstairs, in Washu's lab.  Quickly!"  Tenchi held back the lump in his
throat and stood again.  Lord Katsuhito came into the room, his calm demeanor resonating.
	They descend to Washu's lab and examined the scenery.  Portions of the lab had
been ripped to shreds by the balls of energy.  Ryoko was lying on the bed, slightly moved
over onto her stomach.  Sasami was propped on a table.  A few scratches lined her face and
a bruise marked her forehead.
	Tenchi approached Ryoko and rolled her over.  He placed his hand onto her
forehead.  It was burning, seemed like it was on fire.  She was still breathing, but not
much.  Maybe another hour or so and then.....
	Ayeka ran up and grabbed Sasami.  She cradled her sister in her arms and
looked down at the little blue haired princess.  Washu came over quickly and checked her
over.  "Sasami will be find.  She'll wake up with a huge headache and a few scratches. 
All she needs is some rest."
	Suddenly Lord Katsuhito broke in.  "Tenchi, what are you willing to do to get
Ryoko back?"
	Tenchi turned around, small tears whipped from his face.  "ANYTHING!"
	Lord Katsuhito nodded.  "All right.  There is a way.  It's not definite that
it will work but it is a chance."
	"What?"
	Ayeka looked at Grandpa.
	"The Sword of Kurai."
	"What about it?!?"
	"You must find that sword to destroy The Darkness."
	"How will that save Ryoko!"  Sadness weighted Tenchi's voice.
	"If you don't destroy it, then it will surely come back and kill us all."
	Tenchi sighed to himself.  He looked back down at his wife and felt the lump
rise in his throat.  "I'll do it..."
	Lord Katsuhito nodded.  "Ayeka will be accompanying you on your journey to
recover the sword.  You leave tomorrow.  Ryoko, Sasami and Washu will stay here along with
Azaka and Kamidake.  You must do this alone."
	Tenchi gritted his teeth.  "Fine."  He turned back to Ryoko.  "Promise me
you'll take care of her.  And if-if.......she does die.  Don't bury her till I'm back. 
Please."
	Washu nodded.  "Done, my son."
	Silence settled over the group.
	"What happened to Sasami?"  Ayeka asked.
	Lord Katsuhito broke in.  "The Darkness.  I felt his prescene in her.  Somehow
he was able to take her and control her.  That is why we must hurry.  With every second he
grows stronger.  The sword waits for you Tenchi."
	Ayeka placed a hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  "We must prepare."
	Tenchi nodded and took one last look at Ryoko.  "I will always love you my
dear."
	
>~.~<

	Masamune convulsed violently and threw up a strange bluish liquid onto the
black ground.  He couldn't see, and his mouth was filled with a bitter taste.  Everything
seemed to be a blur.  He couldn't remember anything.  Only his name, Masamune.  Where am
I?  He was covered with a blanket and his body was wet.
	"How are you?"  A sweet voice asked.
	Masamune jerked up and tried to see.  "Who are you?"
	"My name is Motoko."  
	"Where am I?"
	"Your in The Darkness.  You were in suspend animation at the GP headquarters."
	"Why?" He was puzzled.
	"What do you mean why?  Don' t you remember?"
	"No."
	"Your a killer.  A trained assassin."
	"What?"  Masamune couldn't believe what he was hearing.
	"Yes, you were credited with over 150 kills."  Masamune felt a small hand land
on his back.
	"I'm......a killer?"
	"Yes...."
	"How did I  get here?"  Masamune still had no idea where he was.	
	"The Keeper took you.  He needs your service."
	"Whose's The Keeper?"
	"Your master."  Motoko said.
	Masamune looked up.  "What the fuck are you talking about?  I'm no ones
servant!"
	"Yes, you are."  Her voice was filled with sadness.
	"It would be wise to agree with her."  A voice said.
	Masamune jerked back and brought up his arms.  "Who are you?"
	"I am The Keeper." 
	The assassin's vision came back slightly and he could see small blurs.  "So
your the Keeper.  The bastard that thinks I'm his meat puppet."
	"No.  I know your my.....meat puppet."  The assassin felt a sudden rush of air
and then he could fell cloth on him.  A large powerful hand grabbed his arms and lifted
him off the ground.  He could fell the fingers burning into his arms.  "Ahhhh!"
	"Listen to me you little shit!  From now on you serve me!  Remember what I
gave to you!"
	"You gave nothing to me!"  Masamune gasped out.
	"FREEDOM!  Freedom from your prison."  The Keeper's voice was low and harsh. 
In his blurry vision he could see two small circles of crimson.  The Keeper dropped him to
the ground and then threw something at him.
	Masamune picked it up and felt it.  It was a small skeleton key.  One that
could open any old fashioned lock.  Suddenly he felt the object change form and turn into
a small gem.  It weighed almost nothing and was attached to small chain that fit around
his neck.  Masamune held it for a second.
	"Put it on!"  The Keeper yelled.
	Masamune could fell the handprints on his arms.  They were on fire.  Quietly,
without any further rebellion he unsnapped the clip and slipped it onto his head blindly.  

>^.^<

	Tenchi sat on the bed in his room.  He stared at the chest on the ground.  The
wooden top seemed to have aged immensely since it was made.  Almost 20 years now.  The
hinges had formed a little rust, but that was to be expected.  The bolts that held the
thing together were missing their paint.  The goldish film that he had painted on there as
a child was gone now.  As everything must at one time or another.
	Silently he adjusted his clothing.  The black jacket hung loosely at his sides
coming down to the middle of his legs.  The arms were folded up to his elbows which he
every now and then had to fold them back up.  He wore a pair of loose fitting dark navy
pants and tucked in white shirt.  Easy to move in and fight in.
	He lifted the pack of his bed and gazed at his room.  The light poured in
through the windows.  It made a small prism effect as it hit the pain of glass, giving of
a wide array of color onto the floor.  Everything was silent and motionless.  On the
dresser was a small picture of himself and Ryoko.  His wife was hanging around his neck
with her head facing the camera.  She had a large grin plastered to her face.  The picture
had been a few days before they had gotten married.
	Now it was all ending.  There might not be anymore happy times.  Ryoko was
close to dead and even the sword my not be able to help her.  His children, unborn, would
never see the light of day or the face of their father and mother.  Out of habit he walked
and kneeled down before a small shrine.  He clapped his hands together twice and began to
pray.
	A nice breeze passed through the house, he stood once again.  The brown pack
sat on the large bed.  The bed that was meant for two, but may only house one soon.  Sadly
he grabbed the straps and threw it onto his back.  He turned back and faced the picture,
quickly he picked it up off the dresser and slipped it into his coat pocket.  "My dear
Ryoko."

>^.^<

	Ayeka settled herself.  The air seemed to be clouding everything.  It was
humid outside on the porch.  The trees wavered slightly in the wind and made there soft
language of rustling.  Ryo-ohki hopped threw the doorway and peered out into the forest. 
The sound of crickets poured out into the summer air.  The bugs were already collecting
themselves as the sun began to set.  Long shadows criss crossed the surface of the green
sea.
	Ayeka sighed and pulled her pack up close.  This could be the death of them
both.  Of everyone.  If they couldn't find the sword, if it even existed, then they were
all doomed.  Shinjuko would find them and eventually kill them.  She wondered if Jurai
knew about this.  They wouldn't believe her.  Till today Ayeka hadn't even believed it
herself.
	She watched as a small grasshopper landed with expert skill onto the first
step.  Ryo-ohki caught sight of it and perched herself to leap on it.  Quickly the little
cabbit jumped and landed with both paws on the grasshopper.  A small meow emitted from the
spaceship.  She lifted her paws and then became surprised as the grasshopper jumped away.
	"Well, Ryo-ohki we sure do have some trouble now."
	"MEOW?"
	"Tell Sasami not to worry, and that she was right,"  Ayeka peered out towards
the landscape.  "It can't rain all the time."

To be Continued..........
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------

Author's Notes:  Well, what will happen!  You'll just have to wait!  Sorry but I'm not a
speed demon!  Once again, if you want some things cleared up just email me!  And look for
this series next time!  I would highly appreciate feedback.  Tell me what you would want
to see happen.  If you are totally confused about what The Ellcrist is or what The
Darkness is, don't worry.  Everything will be explained.  Thanks for reading!

Konbanwa!