DISCLAIMER:  The Tenchi Muyo character are the property of AIC and
Pioneer respectively.  I receive no monatary compensation for the
production of this work of fiction.
__________
DETAILS:   This is the start of a three episode epic saga set in
a bybtid mix of OAV, Tenchi Universe, and the Shin Tenchi.  A few
chatacters and creations used in this fan fic are my own design
that took me years to develop.  This epic will start a whole series
of other stories that plan to maintain well into the future.
__________

THE DARK LORD OF JURAI SAGA

Episode One:  No Need for Shattered Realities

Written by Michael "The-Zorch" Haney
__________
Previously in our story...

	Previously in our story Prince Orrin awakes from Washu's regeneration chamber and he
tells her his story.  Washu failure to close the rift and her fear are the result of a greater
evil at work.  He tell the story of the Darkness and how they devestated the Elo'Quin race.
At the same time a living and very pregnant Sakuya from another dimension appears and rocks
Tenchi's boat.  We last left the family in Washu lab after they learned the truth behind the
threat to the Earth.  At that moment more distortions that heralded Sakuya's reappearance
suddenly appear...
__________
Chapter 6 - More Visitors

	Tenchi Masaki was not sure what happened to him, he was walking home from school on a
nice hot day, and in a sudden flash of light he was dumped into a freezer.  He clutched his
thin shirt around him as he ran to his house.  This was totally bizare and he was starting to
really freak out.  He got to the door and rushed inside.  As he turned around he saw something
he never imagined he would ever see.  Aeka and Ryoko were in his house.  The two most sought
after and most popular girls in school were here in his house.  They never noticed he was
alive before, they said hi to him from time to time, but they usually ignored him most of the 
time.  Aeka's little sister Sasami had a crush on him and she was always following him every-
where.
	Ryoko and Aeka looked at him and wondered why Tenchi would go out in the cold without a
jacket or coat on.  Then, they noticed something...they couldn't feel this Tenchi in their 
minds.  They saw him but in their mind there was a blank spot.  They felt Tenchi, and they 
saw pieces of his experiences in Washu's lab as he talked to Washu and Prince Orrin.  This
Tenchi must have just arrived.  They had to tread carefully here because this Tenchi was not
theirs and who knows what relationship he had with them, if at all.
	"Uh, hi girls, what are you doing here?" he asked them.
	"Hello, Tenchi." Ryoko said.
	"Freaky weather out there, huh?" he asked.
	"Yes, its very cold." Aeka said.
	They stood there for several minutes.  They didn't know how to proceed or react to this
new Tenchi.  Tenchi on the other hand was thinking how gorgeous they were and why they were in
his house, and why were they looking at him that way.  Did they secret like him but were afraid
to approach him before or face peer pressure to dump him.  That must be it, he thought, they
got the hots for me.  This is so cool.
	
	Tenchi came out of Washu's lab and saw Aeka and Ryoko standing together looking at some-
one ont he other side of the living room.  He looked and thought he was looking into a mirror.
He was standing there in his school uniform with his bookbag flung over his shoulder.  Tenchi
stood there and his mouth was agape.
	"Ah, I see we have another visitor." Tenchi said to the girls.
	They just nodded to him and said nothing.
	"Hi, um, your probably wondering what is going on." he said to the other Tenchi.
	"Y-Y-Y-Your me." the other Tenchi said.
	"That's right." Tenchi said.
	"What about them?" the other Tenchi asked.
	"They live here in this house." Tenchi said.
	The other Tenchi fell to his kneels, clapped his hands together in that old shrine
habit manner and said as he looked up at the ceiling, "Thank you, thank you!"
	"Hold up, these two are mine." Tenchi said. - Oh god, now I sound like them. -
	"Huh, you have two girlfriends!" the other Tenchi exclaimed.
	"Shhh, there is a pregnant girl sleeping upstairs who is very tired." Aeka said.
	"Who's the father?" the other Tenchi asked.
	"We are." Tenchi said.
	"I feel like I am in an episode of Quantum Leap." the other Tenchi said.
	"Reality is far stranger than fiction." Tenchi told him.

	Orrin puzzled over how the rift was being maintained.  It seemed so unstable, but it was
somehow maintaining particle cohesion.  Washu looked at the readings and also puzzled over it
as well.  She learned very quickly that the Setari prince was a near equal to her scientific 
prowess.  His understanding of Quantum Mechanics proved to be very advanced.
	"Could they be using magic to keep it open?" she asked.
	"Its very likely, but they have an advanced science also." he said.
	Washu, without thinking about it, took his hand in hers.  When she realized what she was
doing she withdrew and blushed furiusly.
	"Is there something wrong?" he asked her sensing her discomfort.
	Washu turned away from him.  She was embarrassed at what she did, and this was strange
for her since she acted like a sex fiend most of the time when Tenchi was around.  She turned
back to him and look into his eyes.  He looked and acted so much like the man she loved so
long ago it was uncanny.
	"I can't help it.  When I look at you its like looking at him." she said.
	"Could you explain?" he asked her.
	Washu told the story about her life 20,000 years ago at the Juraian Science Academy.  She
had fallen in love with a student, they married and had a child together.  He had been from a
rich family with very high social standards.  One day she came home to find represenatives of
the family blocking her way into the house.  The family forced her husband to disvorce her
and leave with their child because of her lower social status.  The event destroyed her world
and just about ruined her life.  She determined that if social status among adults was more
important than love then she would rather live the rest of her life as a child.  Thus, she
altered herself so she appeared to look like a 12 year old girl again.  The leaders of the
Academy feared she was go insane and banished her. By the time she was done telling her story 
she was in tears.  She then told Orrin that he looked exactly like her husband.
	"I didn't know." he said.
	"Being near you is really getting to me." she said.
	"I can't imagine what was going through his mind.  How could anyone ever want to break
the heart of a creature as beautiful as you." he said.
	"I've been asking myself that question for 20,000 years." she said with a short sob.
	"Its unforgivable!  He obviously didn't love you enough to ignore his family." he said.
	"I often wondered about that." she said.
	"You deserve to be treated better than that." Orrin said and he took her hand.
	
	Mihoshi was not in a good mood at all.  One minute she was on her ship and next she 
was dumped into an ice cold lake.  She climbed out of the lake and wrung out her cloak.  She 
was cold but she barely noticed it through the haze of anger in her mind.  She was looking for 
Ryoko and was going to make Ryoko pay for the past.  She pulled out her eletro whip and looked 
at her surroundings.  It was the household of that weakling Earth man named Tenchi that Ryoko 
had the hots for.  She was seen skulking aound here chasing after him day after day.  Now it 
was payback time.
	Mihoshi adjusted his cloak and walked forward towards the house.  She noticed a pair of
guardians from Jurai at the gate to the grounds.  So, the rumors of Princess Aeka Jurai living
here and chasing after this Tenchi was correct after all.  She would kill two birds with one
stone today.  She would kill Ryoko and capture Aeka and her human lover for ransome.  This was
turning out to be a very good day after all.  As she passed the gate she energized her whip.

	Aeka and Ryoko tumbled down the hillside and landed in a heap on top of each other.  The
Princess of Jurai pushed Ryoko off of her and stood up in a very bad mood.  She was seething,
and barely noticed that the air had suddenly turned very cold.
	"Demon!  You'll pay for that!" she exclaimed.
	"Bring it on, little girl." Ryoko the demon said.
	Aeka summoned her mini-guardians to surround them.
	"Prepare to meet your end, underworlder!" Aeka exlaimed.
	"In your dreams, Princess!" Ryoko the demon shouted.
	Ryoko suddenly teleported as the mini-guardings unleashed a blast of energy.  Aeka 
whirled around looking for her, but suddenly caught a kick to the back of her legs when Ryoko
materialized behind her.  Aeka fell to the ground, rolled, and leapt to her feet.
	"Enough of your parlor tricks, hellspawn!" Aeka screamed.  "This time we fight to the
death!"
	"Fine by me!" Ryoko screams back.
	She unleashed a blast of energy from her hands that would have caught Ryoko had she not
suddenly shifted to the side.  The explosion took out a row of trees behind her.
	It was Ryoko's turn, the gems on his wrists started to glow and she formed her energy
sword.  She swooped into the air and dove down at Aeka for a killing blow. "I'll have your
head and then Tenchi will belong to me!" she shouted.
	"Tenchi would never love a beast like you!" Aeka replied as she deployed her shield.
	Ryoko's sword struck the shield with tremendous force and she held it there.  Sparks of
raw power flew as the sword and shield resisted each other.  The power built up and suddenly
in a flash of light and sound Ryoko was blasted back through the air.
	"Hahahahahahhaha!" Aeka laughed like a lunatic.
	Ryoko picked herself off the groiund and spat out a clump of dirt in her mouth.
	"You think that's funny, huh?" she spat.
	Tenchi heard the sound of the battle outside and ran to investiage it.  He carried the
Tenchi-ken with him in case it was something dangerous.  He suddenly came face to face with a
sight out of his past, Ryoko and Aeka fighting each other, but this time it looked like they
were really out to kill each other.  He knew full well these were not his Ryoko and Aeka so he
he had to proceed with caution, but he didn't want them to hurt each other either.
	The minute the girls saw him they stopped fighting and rushed towards him.  Ryoko was the
first to reach him since all she had to do was teleport.  She latched onto him from behind and 
cried into his ear.  "Oh, Tenchi, that insane Aeka tried to hurt me!"
	"Liar!  Thats all demons do is lie." Aeka spat.
	"And, all Princesses do is whine and cry when they don't get their way.  Wah, wah, wah!"
Ryoko shouted back.
	"Get your hands off Lord Tenchi this instant, demon!" Aeka demanded.
	"Maybe Tenchi likes it.  Don't you Tenchi, dear?" Ryoko said, running her fingers through
his hair.
	"Lord Tenchi does not want a monster putting her evil hands all over him!" Aeka shouted.
	"Enough!" Tenchi shouted at the top his lungs.
	"Tenchi." Ryoko said in a shocked voice.
	"To the house, both of you, now!" he shouted and pointed to the house.
	The two of them looked at if someone had just taken their hearts and tore then to 
shreads.  It was the first time he ever got mad like this at the girls, and these were two 
totally different Ryoko and Aekas.  They also seemed to be afraid of him somehow, and the two
women almost flinched away when he walked too close.  Tenchi took note of this strange behavior
and didn't think anything of it.  They looked at him a bit fearfully and pleadingly at the same
time.
	"Don't look at me like that.  Now, get to the house." he said in a calmer voice.
	"This is all your fault, princess.  Now he's mad at us." Ryoko said.
	"My fault, how dare you!" Aeka spat back.
	"Oh, god, here we go again." Tenchi said.

	Ryoko and Aeka stood on different sides of the living room in a battle stance.  The other
Tenchi was hiding behind the couch shivering in terror.  Mihoshi stood in the center of the
room with her electro whip at the ready.  The front door to the house was shattered from her
entrance sometime after Tenchi left to investigate the explosions outside.  Mihoshi had not
see that tenchi left, so she thought this was Tenchi who was hiding behind the couch.
	"Somehow I didm't picture you going for the weak spinless type, Ryoko." Mihoshi said as
she looked down at a quivering Tenchi.
	"Move away from him." Ryoko said in a dangerous tone.  That was not her Tenchi, but she
couldn't let him get hurt none the less.
	"What's wrong, afraid I'll damage your plaything." Mihoshi said.
	-- This Mihoshi is acting like Nagi. -- Ryoko thought to Aeka.
	-- How do we handled this without hurting the other Tenchi? -- Aeka thought back.
	-- Follow my lead. -- Ryoko thought in reply.
	Ryoko made the first move teleporting to Mihoshi's side and aiming a fist to her mid
section.  Mihoshi anticipated the move, grabbed Ryoko's arm, and using her momentum sent her
crashing through a wall.
	-- Maybe I won't. -- Aeka thought back.
	"Pathetic!" Mihoshi spat.
	She whirled around in that same move before Aeka could summon her mini-guardians and 
fired a netgun straped to her wrist.  The net caught Aeka, and a surge of electricity made her 
body go numb and collapse to the floor. 
	"Too easy, your not much of a challenge at all.  Very disappointing." Mihoshi said.
	Ryoko issued a battle cry and came charging with her energy sword.  Mihoshi adjusted her
whip and it became rigid like a sword weapon.  The two exchanged blows, deflecting sword
swipe after sword swipe.  Their dance of death went on for several minutes without either one
yielding to the other or gaining the upper hand over the other.  Ryoko and Mihoshi seemed
almost evenly matched.
	"That is more like it." Mihoshi said calmly.
	"I'm full of surprises, Mihoshi." Ryoko said.
	At that moment Tenchi and the other two girls showed up.  They watched in surprise as
another Ryoko battled a Mihoshi who dressed like Nagi.  Tenchi ran forward and ignited the
Tenchi-ken.  He leapted into the air, flipped in mid air, and landed on the other side of the
Nagi-like Mihoshi.  "Are you ok?" he asked Ryoko.
	"I am, now that your here.  Aeka's been hurt though." she said.
	"I'll take care of this, you see to Aeka." he told her.
	"Anything you say, sweetheart." she said and teleported across the room.
	She started cutting away the net that trapped Aeka's limp form with her sword.
	Mihoshi looked from the frightened Tenchi laying in a fetal position on the floor and
Tenchi weilding the energy sword and scratched her chin.
	"Now this is interesting." she said.
	"I urge you to yield, Mihoshi." Tenchi told her.
	"To whom, you. Hahahahahahaha!" she laughed.
	Mihoshi lunged in with her sword but Tenchi defected it with ease.  They fought in the
center of the room for several minutes and it became clear they were also very evenly matched.
Tenchi also realized that he had to finish this fight quickly before someone got hurt or
worse.
	Tenchi concentrated for a few moments looking for his center.  He felt it there and 
called forth his hidden power.  The Light Hawk Wing ignited around him, his body was garbed in 
white Juraian armor, and the Tenchi-ken became the Light Hawk Sword.
	"I'm not accustom to repeating myself, I urge you to yield, now." Tenchi said calmly.
	Mihoshi stared at him in this state and was dumbfounded.  She had never seen anything
like this before.  What kind of being was this Tenchi Masaki?  She could feel him reeking with
immense power.  It was first time she felt frighttened of an opponent in her entire life.
	"What are you?" she asked.
	"Tenchi Masaki, first crown prince of Jurai." he said.
	The other Aeka from outside suddenly gasped at this and put her hands to her mouth.
	"Didn't know you had it in you, Tenchi." the other Ryoko said.
	Mihoshi dropped her whip sword and stepped backwards.  Ryoko took this as he cue to make
her move, she teleports behind Mihoshi and clubed her with her fist.  The woman collapsed in an
unconscious heap on the ground.
	"Was that necessary?" Tenchi asked her as he reverted to his normal self.
	The assualt suddenly came as the other Ryoko and Aeka ran to him and grapped him.
	"Oh, Lord Tenchi, that was so wonderful!" the other Aeka cried.
	"Way to go, Tenchi!" the Ryoko shouted as she gropped him.
	"Let him go you demon-woman!" the other Aeka shouted.
	"Tenchi's mine!" the other Ryoko shouted back.
	"No, he's mine!" the other Aeka shouted back.
	Tenchi felt like he was being pulled in two like a wish bone.
	"Ryoko, help!" he shouted.
	The original Ryoko flew in and bashed both girls in the head sending them flying.  They
looked up in time to see her put her arms around Tenchi, and he put his arm around her.
	"Thanks." he said as he kissed her.
	"Anytime, dear." she replied kissing him back.

	Mihoshi recovered from the blow and was now sitting on the couch with the other Ryoko and
Aeka and Tenchi.  She was not tied up or restrained, and she decided that trying to make any
trouble now would only mean her more trouble.  The other Ryoko and Aeka just stared at the
original Tenchi mournfully, and the other Tenchi was almost comatose.  The original Tenchi was
explaining what happened to them all.  Aeka was sitting with him sipping some tea and trying to
get over the effects of Mihoshi's electric net.  Ryoko went outside to try and find anyone else who
showed up in the other two distortion effects.  Noboyuki and Yosho were working on getting
the front door back up.
	"Now do you all understnad?" he asked them.
	"So, this is another dimension?" the other Aeka asked.
	"Yes." Tenchi said.
	"Tell me, Lord Tenchi, what is your relationship with the Aeka of this universe?" she
asked him.
	"She is my wife." he said and the original Aeka leaned over and kissed his cheek.
	"Ha! Even in an alternate universe I still get Tenchi." she said to the other Ryoko.
	"Hey, I saw that other version of me kiss you." the other Ryoko accused.
	"I hate to admit it, but she is right.  So did I." the other Aeka said.
	"Actually, both the Aeka and Ryoko of this univserse are married to me." Tenchi said.
	The other Ryoko and Aeka looked at each other and then back at Tenchi, and then back at
each other.  "NEVER!" they growled at each other viciously.
	"Was I ever that bad?" Aeka asked Tenchi.
	"Actually, I have to say those two are even worse." he said.

	Ryoko flew around the countryside looking for anything or anyone out of the ordinary and
did not see anything.  She thought about going back to the house since she didn't want to leave 
Tenchi alone with that alternate reality Aeka and herself.  A sound caught her ears and see
looked around to try and pinpoint it.  It sounded like the meowking of a cat or a cabbit.
	She dropped down and looked around for the sound, and she found it.  The little creature
was huddled in the cold and was shivering.  It looked at her frighteningly and shook even more.
The cabbit was or looked like Ken-Ohki, but Ken-Ohki had never acted like this before.  It was
then that Ryoko heard the other sound.  The sound was the voice of Nagi, or at least it sort
of sounded like Nagi.
	"Ken-Ohki!  Oh, where did he go?" came the voice.
	Ryoko picked up the frightened cabbit and walked out into the open where Nagi could see
her.  The dreaded bounty hunter that was Ryoko's arch enemy was wearing a Galaxy Police
uniform.  She jumped at the sight of Ryoko and drew her sidearm.  Nagi's gun jumped around 
since she was shaking like a leaf.  "Halt, Ryoko, your under arrest."
	"What for?" Ryoko asked with a sly smile.
	"For the murder of Tenchi Masaki!" she shouted.
	Ryoko dropped Ken-Ohki on his head and stood there in disbelief and shock.
	"You've got to be totally braindead to think I'd harm a hair on Tenchi's head." Ryoko
finally said after recovering.
	"Don't try to confuse me.  You murdered him after he married Princess Aeka and not
you." Nagi said.
	Nagi pulled out a small holoprojector and an image appeared in the air before her.  The
scene was a wedding ritual at the Masaki family shrine.  Princess Aeka walked out in a white
wedding kimono and was joined by Tenchi.  Yosho was presiding over the wedding.  Suddenly,
Ryoko saw herself fly into the scene an attack Aeka.  Aeka put up her force field and blocked
the attack.  Ryoko summoned her energy sword and started to slash at Aeka visiously.  Ryoko
noticed that there were tears in her alternate self's eyes.  Tenchi ran forward to try and
break up the fight, but he got too close to one of Ryoko's sword blows and it sliced through
his chest.  The Ryoko in the scene totally freaked out and grabbed Tenchi up in her arms and
was wailing with tears pouring out in torrents.  The scene ended with Ryoko rushing away with
Azaka and Kamadake chasing her.  Aeka, her face contorted in immense sorrow cried over the
body of her fallen husband.  Ryoko could not help it but tears started to fall down her face.
If she ever did that to her Tenchi she would kill herself without question.
	"I'd never do that to my Tenchi." Ryoko said.
	"I have proof!" Nagi screamed.  "I was there!"
	"I'm not who you think I am." Ryoko said.
	-- Tenchi, I need you! -- Ryoko thought strongly.
	-- On my way, what's wrong? -- he thought back.
	-- Just hurry, please. -- she thought.
	
	Tenchi followed his mind's eye which lead him right to where Ryoko was.  She was facing
off again Nagi, but this Nagi was dressed in a Galaxy Police uniform.  When he ran up to them
Nagi suddenly gasped, dropped her gun, and ran to Tenchi with tears streaming down her face.
Tenchi didn't know whether to fight or run, but he was embrassed by the woman instead.
	"Your alive, oh god, your alive!" Nagi cried.
	"Ryoko, what's going on?" he said.
	Ryoko walked up to him, and Nagi whirled around at her.
	"Stay away from him!" she shouted.
	"Nagi, your not where you think you are." Ryoko said.
	"Get away from Tenchi, you murderer!" she cried.
	Tenchi grabbed Nagi by the shoulders and the woman was shaking visibly.  She looked into
his eyes and knew that he was the real Tenchi.
	"Nagi, what's wrong, why are you acting like this?" he asked her.
	"She murdered you!" Nagi shouted and pointed at Ryoko.
	"Ryoko would never hurt me.  We're in love." he said.
	This made Nagi suddenly look up at him searchingly.  "What about Aeka?  She thinks you
died on your wedding day." she said.
	"Nagi, we need to talk.  Boy do we need to talk." he said.

	Back at the house Nagi sat with the other visitors to the Masaki houseehold and was
very confused.  She understood the whole thing about dimensional travel, but why was she there
and for what reason.  She told her story to Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka of how Ryoko of her
dimension attacked Tenchi and Aeka on their wedding day and Tenchi ended up getting killed on
Ryoko's own sword.  Ryoko gripped Tenchi hand tightly as they watched the fight and the death
of Tenchi.  Ryoko almost cried at the sight of her loved one dying at her own hands.  Tenchi
put his arms around her and Aeka put her arms around his neck.
	"I can see why you acted like you did, Officer Nagi." Aeka said.
	"I miss him.  He was like a brother to me." Nagi sobbed.
	"It must have been terrible for me, I mean your Aeka." said Aeka.
	"After Tenchi's funeral she went back to Jurai with Sasami.  I see her from time to
time.  She is so sad and withdrawn all the time.  She refuses to marry." Nagi said.
	"I can't stand to hear anymore." Ryoko sobbed into Tenchi shoulder.
	"Its ok, this happened in a different universe.  I know you'd never hurt me." he told
her.
	"I know, but..." she said wiping her tears away.
	"But nothing." he said and kissed her.
	"So, you two are married in this dimension." Nagi said.
	"Actually, we're both married to Lord Tenchi." Aeka said.
	The other Aeka snorted in discust, "I for one am not the least bit surprised at what that
Ryoko did.  I always knew Ryoko was a monster."
	"Why you little stuck up whore!  I'd never harm a hair on Tenchi's head.  You on the
other hand are the reason for him being put in the hospital last year." the other Ryoko 
shouted.
	The other Aeka was about to jump up and challenge that statement, but the sound of
Khyone's blaster charging up stopped her in her tracks.
	"We will have peasce in his house, or else." Khyone said in a deadly tone.
	"Ya, um, what she said." Mihoshi said holding up her gun.
	"What vicious irony.  In this dimension I'm a Galaxy cop, and an airhead bimbo on top
of that." the evil Mihoshi grumbled rolling her eyes.
	"Hello, could somebody help me down the stairs." came the voice of Sakuya from the top
of the stairs.
	The other Ryoko and Aeka recognized the voice instantly and their expressions turned
icy.
	Tenchi got up and helped her walk down the stairs.  Nagi looked at who it was and her
eyes went wide, but the other Ryoko and Aeka just looked at the the girl with hatred in their 
eyes.  They narrowed their eyes when they noticed she was very pregnant.
	"She is still alive in his dimension." Ryoko said with clenched teeth.
	"She is a visitor here just like you." Tenchi told her.
	"Who is the father?" the other Aeka asked in a venomous tone.
	"I am, or the Tenchi from her universe that is." he said.
	"Is Yugi awake in his universe?" Nagi asked.
	"No, Sakuya here comes from a universe were there is no Ryoko or Aeka, and my alternate
self is her fiance." Tenchi said.
	"Besides, Yugi was never evil, just misunderstood." Tenchi continued.
	"Anybody who tries to seperate me and my Tenchi is evil in my book." the other Ryoko
commented.
	Sakuya started to cry again.  "I've never been so hated by so many people." she sobbed.
	"I don't hate you." Tenchi said touching he chin.
	"I just want to go home." she cried into her hands.
	"Now look what you did, your worse then my Ryoko and Aeka ever were in this universe.
How does my alternate in your dimension stand it?" Tenchi snapped at them.
	The two women suddenly looked very frighttened of him.  This the second time they reacted
like this when he was angry.  On inspiration he grabbed the other Aeka's arm and looked up
her sleeve.  She had large bruises on her arm.  Ge checked the other Ryoko and found similar
bruises.  They looked at him like frightened rabbits, but their eyes still held some love in
them.  - Oh, my God.  Not that, please not that.  I could never do that. -
	"Those aren't from fighting Ryoko are they?" he asked the other Aeka.
	"No." the other Aeka said as a tear came down her face.  "They are from you."
	"Why?" he asked.
	"Becasue I refused to be with you, him, one night." the other Aeka said.
	"Your Tenchi beats you?" he asked in horror.
	"Only when he's drunk, but any other time he's fine.  The second he start thinking
about her, Sakuya, it drives him to drink." Ryoko said.
	"I'm sorry." he said.
	"Don't, its not your fault...your different from the Tenchi we know.  Sakuya's death 
killed him inside.  It changed him." the other Ryoko said.
	"Why do you put up with it." the original Aeka asked.
	"Because I love him, and I want to try to save him.  He can't control himself when he
is drunk." the other Aeka said.
	
	It was now later in the day, Sasami was in the kitchen working on dinner with Kryton 
helping her.  Ryu-Ohki and Ken-Ohki ran off together somewhere, and Tenchi went up to his
room to think.  Everything that happened today was all draining on him and he was so 
confused.  First, Sakuya appears alive and pregnant, the other girls, the Mihoshi and the
other version of himelf.  What makes it worse is the the alternate Ryoko and Aeka are the
vicitims of abuse by a Tenchi torn apart inside by the death of Sakuya.  Was it possible for
him to fall into that kind of depression and turn that way?
	Ryoko phased up through the floor and felt his sadness.  She sat on the bed next to him
and put her arm around him.  Though their bond she felt his pain.
	"Are you alright, Tenchi?" she asked him.
	"No, after today I don't know if I ever will be again." he said.
	"Is it from seeing Sakuya again?" Ryoko asked.
	"Part of it, but its also part of what the other Ryoko and Aeka told me." he said.
	Ryoko felt a wave of sorrow and sadness come from him.  Memories of Sakuya started to 
flicker in her mind as they leaked through his thoughts.  The first kiss they shared, the
first date they went on, and the day she died in his arms.  "I love you with all my heart, but
I can't get her out of my mind.  There are too many sad memories." he said.
	Ryoko turned him around and kissed him on the lips.  He put his arms around her and pull
her to him.  They lay back on the bed and exchanged several long kisses.  Ryoko looked into his
eyes and saw the pain was still there.  She stood up next to him and look down at him on the
bed.
	"Then let me help you make new happy memories." she said as her dress phased off her 
body and fell to the floor.
	Tenchi had seen Ryoko naked before, but this time was the first time she was this close
to him.  Normally he would have errupted into a severe nosebleed, but now all he could do was
look at her and take in her awesome beauty.  A desire for her suddenly welled up in him that was 
powerful, and he had no desire to fight it anymore.  He reach out and pull her into his 
arms and layed her down on the bed next to him.  She started to slowly unbutton his shirt 
front.
	"Help me forget, take away this pain in my heart." he pleaded in a whisper.
	"I'll try." she whispered and they embraced in a passonate kiss.

	Aeka blocked them out and knew what was happening.  Only a short time ago the before 
their bonding she would have barged in on them to stop them.  Now it was a different situation.
She felt the pain in Tenchi's heart over everything he saw today.  Ryoko was torn apart by the 
story of her alternate self killing him.  It tore her apart.  They needed this time together 
alone to heal each others hearts.  Sakuya was sitting and rubbing her stomach.  She stopped and 
held her hand on one spot and then smiled.
	"Come here." she said to Aeka.
	Aeka walked over to her.  Sakuya took her hand and put it on her stomach.  Aeka felt
something inside move under her touch and then the thump of a tiny kick.  She smiled.
	"What is it like, carrying a baby?" Aeka asked her.
	"Well, you can't carry anything heavy and you can't reach for things over your head."
she said.  "Your back constantly hurts, you throw up in the morning, you get these strange
cravings for things like pickels and peanut butter sandwiches, and your feet swell up like 
water ballons."  Aeka's eyes widened.  "Then I guess you can't wait until this is all over."
	"No, this is the most wonderful experience of my life." Sakuya said.
	Aeka felt another tiny kick.
	"What does it feel like when the baby moves around inside of you?" she asks.
	"Its strange.  I can feel her pushing on my stomach when she moves or kicks.  I can
feel when she is upset or hungry." Sakuya sid.
	"I think I may enjoy being a mother." Aeka said.
	"Its the most wonderful feeling in the world." Sakuya said smiling.

	Washu stood next to Prince Orrin and smiled up at him.  His face was a mask of concern
and worry.  The image of the quantum rift had not changed all day.  Very little progress was
made in closing the rift either.  Orrin punched up another set of equations he had been working
on and looked them over.  Washu was glad to have someone who was her intellectual equal to
talk to for once.  The equations were complex even for her, and Orrin was racing through them
at lightning speed.  He stopped at one point and looked over a certain section.  He referenced 
a piece of data from the rift, and then looked back.  He suddenly grimaced in rage, grabbed a 
small object off the table nearby and threw it at the holoscreen of the rift.
	"ARGH!!!  This is not going to work!" he groaned.
	"What's wrong?" Washu asked.
	"The laws of physics inside the rift are changing constantly.  These equations are
useless the minute I calculate them." he said.
	Washu absently rubbed his shoulder and his back.  It was a habit she had started back
when they first began working on this problem.  She walked around him and started to message
his shoulders.  He was tense and his muscles were drawn up tight.  He needed to relax.  Her
messaging became more sensual.
	They labored for hours that day on this problem.  She had held his hand at one moment,
and he took hers the next.  They almost kissed each other while crawling under some equipment
to check the electronics, and since then they would stand together looking at their equations
sometimes with his arm about her waist.  She had even put her head on his shoulder at one 
point.
	Orrin closed his eyes and let her message him.  It was a nice feeling, and she could
feel his muscles starting to relax.  She was still in her adult form, and she moved up against
his back as she started to message down his chest.  He could feel her soft round breasts
pressing against his back.  His breathing started to come in short quick intakes.  Suddenly he 
spun around and grabbed her and kissed her.  She let herself be pulled into a tight embrace and 
kissed him back.  They stood there looking into each other's eyes for several minutes.  After 
what seemed like an eternity, Orrin picked her up in his arms and started carrying her towards 
her bedroom.
	Orrin kissed her again more passionately than before.
	"Be gentle with me." she said before he closed the door to her bedroom behind them.
__________
Chapter 7 - Darkling Dawn

	Ryoko rested on top of Tenchi with her head on his chest and her fingers absently rubbing
his shoulder.  His hand was working magic though her hair, and her body was quivering from 
remembered ectasy.  His other hand held her about the waist and his finger slowly rubbed arcoss
her soft skin.  Ryoko was tired, but she was in rapture because she made love with Tenchi for 
the first time and it had been everything she dreamed it would be and more.
	"If I'm dreaming I don't want to wake up." she said.
	"Neighter do I." he said.
	She turned her face up to his and accepted his kiss.
	"Tenchi?" she said.
	"Yes?" he said.
	"I want to, I want to have your baby, Tenchi." Ryoko said.
	Tenchi looked at her.  "Are you sure?" he asked.
	"More than anything." she said.
	"It would mean alot of changes.  No more flying, no more sake, and no more fighting."
he said.
	"I would give all that up just for the chance." she said.
	"I love you." he told her as he hugged her tight.
	-- I know. -- she thought to him as they kissed.
	"Aeka wants the same thing.  I felt it from her this morning." he said.
	"Tenchi.  I guess I still have to get used to this sharing situation." she sighed.
	"This is the whole reason for the Great Bond, so we can be together with each other.  We
don't have to worry about hurt feelings because I love both of you, and I belong to both
of you." he said.
	"I understnad that and it shows how much you love us.  Its just that old habits die
hard." she said.
	"I know, you two this morning were having a little too much fun in that mock argument."
he said.
	"It was partially real." she admitted.
	"We've only been Bonded for a day.  Things will get better with time." he said.
	He kissed her again and looked into her eyes.
	"And just because I took you to bed doesn't mean I love you anymore or any less than I 
love her.  You both share an equal place in my heart." he said.
	She kissed him back and felt the love flow into her from their bond.
	"We don't deserve you." she said snuggling up into his arms.
	"No, you two are the best thing that ever happened to me." he said.
	"Your feelig better then, I take it?" she asked him.
	"No depressed feelings here.  You always had that effect on me even when I was trying to
run away from you half the time." he said.
	"Why did you keep running away from me?" she asked.
	"Becuase I was afraid if I didn't I'd never want to leave. That and I was a little
intimidated by how open and free you were." he said.
	He replayed the image in his mind of the time they were in the hot spring.  Ryoko saw
herself from Tenchi's viewpoint.  She was stark naked in front of him.  Aeka jumped onto her
about it and they started a slap fight.  This was before Aeka called her mini-guardians, and 
she called that demon up that trashed the place.  All the while she noticed that Tenchi's
eyes kept straying back to her and her body.
	"You pervert." she giggled and gave him a playful slap.
	"What was I supposed to do, your were nude and totally gorgeous and there I was this
teenage kid with raging hormones." he said.
	"While I was fighting Aeka you were oggling me." she said.
	"That was your whole point of going naked like that." he told her.
	"Yes, but I didn't expect you to really..look...at me." she said.
	"I though you were the most beautiful creature I ever laid my eyes on." he said.
	She looked up at him again.  "Really?" she asked.
	"Really." he said.
	With that she pull herself up face to face with him and began to playfully smother him
with kisses.

	Sasami called the family to dinner that night.  The guests were invited to join in for
dinner also.  Washu and Orrin came out of the lab also.  Ryoko noticed that her mother was
almost literally glowing.  She had a smile on her face and a strange gleam in her eye.  It was
similar to the gleam in her own eye and the glow that surrounded her.  As they sat there
enjoying dinner and talking she noticed her mother rub Orrin's leg from time to time, and Orrin
put his hand on top of hers and caressed her fingers.  Ryoko smiled to herself.
	-- What did you do, seduce him. -- she thought to her mother.
	-- Maybe I did and maybe I didn't. -- Washu thought back.
	-- You slept with him? -- Ryoko thought quessing the obvious.
	-- So, you slept with Tenchi. -- Washu thought in reply.
	-- That's different, mom.  You just met this guy. -- Ryoko thought back.
	-- He reminds me of...him...from a long time ago. -- Washu thought.
	-- Oh, that's why. -- Ryoko though suddenly knowing who she meant.
	Dinner concluded without a mishap even though the other Ryoko and Aeka started a short-
lived verbal fight that Tenchi quickly stopped.  Kryton helped Sasami clear the tables, Washu
and Orrin returned to the lab, and everyone else went to the living room to watch television.

	In the lab Orrin was taking some readings of the local area around the Masaki house when 
he noticed several strange sources of unknown energy patterns.  At the same time, Kryton with 
Sasami and Ryu-Ohki in tow rushed into the lab.  Sasami was surprised that the avitar moved so 
fast and that he didn't bothered to let her go when he ran.  At least he picked me up instead 
of dragging me.  They were in the kitchen doing the dishes when he got this strange far away 
look and then he looked at her and said, "I must tell, Prince Orrin!"
	"Sire, I am detecting several dozen ethereal signatures in the area, and they are closing
on this location." he said.
	"I noticed.  Can you tell if they are Darkling.?" he asked them.
	"Without a doubt sir, they are Darkling." Kryton said.
	Orrin walked up to Washu and gave her a kiss.  Sasami's eyebrow went up in a manner
similar to a certain Vulcan on a certain TV show.
	"This is it.  Lets get the others." he said.
	"Their coming, now?" Washu asked him.
	"Yes, right now!" he said as he ran for the door.
	
	They burst out of the lab at a run.  Orrin ran to the windows and started pulling down
the blinds.  Orrin yelled for everyone to get back from the windows.  Tenchi and Ryoko leapt to
their feet and demanded that Washu tell them what was going on.
	"The Darklings are coming right now." she said.
	"This is not good." Tenchi said as he readied the Tenchi-ken.
	Tenchi quickly looked over the room.  The Mihoshi from another dimension seemed willing
to help in the fight to come.  Nagi from the Galaxy Police was loading a new charge clip into
her blaster, as was the regular Mihoshi and Khyone.  The other Aeka and Ryoko were limbering
up for a fight.  The other Tenchi seemed to be interested in just hiding, and Sakuya was
starting to get scared.  "Tenchi, you, get her into the lab and keep your heads donw." Tenchi
told the other Tenchi.  The other Tenchi wanted to help out but the fear was getting the
better of him.  He helped Sakuya stand up and he lead her to the door of Washu's lab as quickly
as she was able to make herself walk.
	"Good move, they should be safe in there." Ryoko told him.
	"Whatever happens next, Lord Tenchi, remember that I will always love you." she said 
before they kissed each other.
	"They have stopped.  They are maintaining a distance of one quarter mile from the house."
Kryton said.
	"What exactly are these Darklings?" the other Mihoshi asked.
	"The worse threat to all life the universe has ever known." Orrin said.
	"Why are they holding back?" Ryooko asked.
	"Because of this." Orrin said as he held up the sword hilt that Washu had examined
earlier in the lab.
	"I was wondering what that was for?" Washu asked him.
	"This is the last and greatest of the inventions of the Elo'Quin.  Its called the Star
Gem Sword, and its the only thing that the Darkness truely fears." he said.
	"Why?" Tenchi asked.
	"Because, according to the legends of the Elo'Quin this sword will one day play a part
in the destruction of the Darkness." Orrin replied.
	"Do you believe the legend?" Aeka asked him.
	"My finding and using the power of the sword is in the legend.  You see, I am the
choosen champion of the Elo'Quin.  My destiny is to one day ascend in power to become what
they call the Guardian of Light.  Once that happens I will posssess the power to destroy the
Darkness forever." he said.
	
	Several hours passed and it was midnight.  Noboyuki sat on the couch half asleep with
as very frightened Sasmai.  Yosho sat in the middle of the floor in meditation preparing for 
the battle ahead.  The rest of them were just standing around or walking around waiting for
something to happen.
	"Any change?" Orrin asked Kryton.
	"No, sire." the avitar shook his head.
	"What are they waiting for?" Ryoko asked.
	"They know I'm here, and it might be confusing them." Orrin said.
	"Did these Darklings come from your universe?" the other Ryoko asked.
	"No, more likely they've been here looking for Elo'Quin that might have come here." Orrin
replied.
	"Do they usually act like this?" Tenchi asked him.
	"No, in fact they should have attacked by now." he said.
	"Then something is wrong." Washu said.
	Orrin suddenly whirled to Kryton.  "Kryton, scan all local subspace in and around the
house!"
	"Scanning.  I have ten Darkling signatures approaching fromt he northeast at a distance
of 50 meters and closing!" Kryton replied.
	"Shit!  I should have known!  Darklings have the power to traverse into subspace to
travel undetected!" Orrin exclaimed.
	"They are not approaching the main part of the house, they seemed to be heading for
Little Washu's laboratory." Kryton added.
	"Sakuya!" Tenchi shouted and he ran for the door to the lab.
	The second he grabbed the door knob he received a severe electric shock. "Ahhh!!!" he
shouted as he was thrown from the door.
	"Tenchi!" all four girls, the original and the alternate Ryoko and Aeka both screamed.
	"They put a ethereal force field on the door!" Orrin exclaimed.
	"How?  We were just standing here!" Ryoko exclaimed.
	"We, we have to get her out of there!" Tenchi yelled as the girls picked him up.
	"Get out of the way!" Orrin yelled as he ignited the blade of the StarGem Sword.
	The blue energy blade snapped into existance with a loud sound like a Star Wars light-
saber.  Orrin plunged the blade into the force field at the door, and the barrier instantly
disolved.  Tenchi was the first one through the door with Tenchi-ken in hand.  They found
the other Tenchi and Sakuya chatting with each other under a tree in the garden on the other
side of Washu's lab.
	"What's going on?  Is it over?" she asked Tenchi as he ran up to them.
	"Get down!" he yelled at them.
	Suddenly, ten forms began to materialize inside the lab.  Tenchi ignited the blade os his
sword and took a battle stance.  He put on the ring he got from Aeka and in a flash he was
garbed in Juraian battle gear.  Orrin was soon at his side with the StarGem Sword at the ready.
	"To kill a Darkling you must take its head.  Nothing else." he told him.
	"That sounds too easy." Tenchi said.
	"Its not, you'll see." Orrin said.
	The forms manifested into creatures that looked more suited to a nightmare than real
life.  They stood no taller than a man, and they seemed to be humanid in shape.  That was where
the similaries ended and hideousness of their appearance began.  Their bodies were covered in a
shiny, black armor that had a groteque organic appearance.  Their heads were elongated with
flat faces that almost human but were horrificly twisted with a mouth filled with long, sharp
teeth.  All down their backs ran two rows of sharp spins, and on each shoulder were sharp
boney spikes.  Their arms were long and ended with hands that had sharp claws, and on their
wrists were four sharp hock-look blades of black bone.  Their legs were reverse articulated
like a bird and ended with a large three toed foot that had sharp claws and a single sharp
blade-like claw on the first toe that looked like it could disembowel a man in seconds.  On
each of their backs the Darklings had large black leathery wings.  Two small horns protruded
out of their heads and appeared to be made of crystal.  Their eyes were red and glowing with
an evil light.
	"Oh my God." Ryoko said when she first saw them.
	Sakuya was screaming histericly at this point.
	"Great Tsunami, protect us." Aeka breathed.
	
	The Darkling that appeared to be the leader of the group looked over the defenders with
some amusement.  This was going to be an interesting mission for him and his subordinates.  His
eyes fell up on Orrin and the sword and he almost reacted.  The sword was Elo'Quin, no, it was
THE sword.  How did it get to this dimension?  No matter, it would seen be in their hands.  He
sent a telepathic message to his nine other warriors to start searching the lab for what they
were sent to find.  He would deal with these personally.
	
	The other creatures did not seem interested in fighting, and they soon teleport away to
different parts of the lab.  One was left and it started to advance on them.  Khyone and
Mihoshi fired shots into the creature, but their weapons were mondane technology and did no
harm to it at all.  Realizing they were powerless in this fight, the two women ran behind the
rest who did possess magical fighting abilities.  Aeka summoned her mini-guardians with the 
Power of Jurai and changed into her battle gear.  Ryoko summoned the power of her gems and
transformed into her space pirate battlesuite.  Tenchi concentrated and summon forth the Light
Hawk Wings.  Orrin tapped a control on his wrist and his body was suddenly enveloped in a
suite of power-armor.  The material emerged from the stange seam that ran along the back of his
clothing that Washu had examined.  Washu summoned her energy sword and determined that she was
not going stay out of this fight and let these things trash her lab.

	"I smell the stench of Elo'Quin magic." the creature said in a voice that sounded like
hundreds of tormented souls.
	"Why are you here?" Orrin demanded.
	"Its of no concern of yours.  Your deaths are all you nned to be concern over." and with
that the creature attacked.
	The attack came in a form of an invisible force that hurled all of them from their feet
and sent them flying.  Ryoko, who could fly, recovered instantly and rushed the beast.  Just as
she was about to strike its shoulder with her sword the Darkling raised its hand ans she was
snared in a spherical force field.
	"A fascinating creature, and beautiful." it said.
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi screamed.
	"Ryoko is your name, my lovely.  Perhaps I will keep you as a pet." the Darkling said.
	"If you live long enough!" Ryoko exclaimed as she slashed at the shield.
	Tenchi rushed the Darkling at that moment, the only thought on his mind was to save the
woman he loved, but he was suddenly struck my an invisible force that send him tumbling away.
	At that moment Orrin joined the fight.  He focused on the area of space behind the
Darkling and called up on one of the rare powers of his species...line of sight teleportation.
In an instant he winked out and materialized behind the Darkling.  Before the creature realized
what was happening Orrin's sword took its head.  The monster streached as its body suddenly
disolved in a blast of green glowing mist.  Ryoko hit the ground as the force field winked out
of existance.  The other Darklings saw their commander go down and a vicious battle suddenly
ensued.
	Tenchi quickly discovered what Orrin had meant about it being hard to kill Darklings.
The creatures were using psychic attacks to knock him around and throw him away when he
attacked them.  The power of the Light Hawk Wings protected him from getting seriously hurt 
when he slammed into machinery or the floor.  He managed to behead on of the creatures when
Aeka distracted it with a blast from her mini-guardians.  The other Aeka and Ryoko worked well
as a team together.  The other Aeka would use her shield and power of her mini-guardians to
catch a Darkling off guard long enough for the other Ryoko to fly in and take its head.  Orrin
resisted the psychic attacks of the creatures with his own psychic abilties and the powers
afforded him by the StarGem Sword.  Tenchi and Aeka became seperated when one of Washu's
devices exploded after a Darkling they were fighting threw an energy ball into it.  Aeka ran up
to the monster and blasted it with her mini-guardians.  The creature reeled on its feet from
the blast, but quickly recovered itself.  It advanced on her and delivered a powerful kick to
her stomach that sent to flying into a wall.  Tenchi saw her go down and he screamed her name
at the top of his lungs.  The monster turned towards the source of the noise just in time to
deflect Tenchi's sword blow with its wrist blades.  They exchanged blade seipes for several 
minutes until Tenchi buried the blade of Tenchi-Ken into the Darkling's chest.  The sword was
magical and its power caused the creature to scream in agony with a sound that totally inhuman.
With that Tenchi withdrew the sword and smartly beheaded it.  He ran to Aeka who was laying 
on the ground holding her stomach in pain.  Tenchi slowly picked her up and cradled her in
his arms.  Aeka was not moving and her eyes were closed.  A wave of terror went over him and he
lost his grip on keeping the Light Hawk Wings deployed.
	-- Oh, god, please don't die on me! -- he thought to her.
	Aeka opened her eyes and looked up at him.
	-- I will never leave you. -- she thought back.
	-- Don't scare me like that! -- he thought as he hugged her closer.
	-- I'm sorry, my love. -- she though in rely.
	-- Let me get you out of here.  -- he thought as he stood up with her in his arms.
	At that moment two of the five remaining Darklings in the lab jumped them.  They threw
energy balls at them from their clawed hands, but they splashed off the protective shield
generated by his White Hawk Wings which he summoned back into existance.  Seeing them in
danger, Yosho, who had been trying to keep Sakuya calmed down the other Tenchi's help, jumped
in and took one Darkling down with a roundhouse kick.  His attacks were enforced by his use
of the power of Jurai and they felt like blows from a sledgehammer to the Darklings.
	"Grandpa!" Tenchi yelled and threw the Tenchi-Ken to him.
	Yosho caught the sword in mid-air, ignited it, and quickly beheaded two of the monsters.
The third creature was stabbed from behind by the other Ryoko and Yosho easily finished it
off.  The fight was now almost over from what Tenchi could see.  Orrin was facing off one last
creature in another part of the lab with Washu at his side.  They lunged at the monster with
their swords swinging.  Washu took off one of the creature's wings, and then Orrin lobbed off
its head.  With the defeat of the last Darkling the fight was now over and everyone collapsed
to the floor in exhaustion.  Tenchi looked at his watch and was shocked to find that the fight
had lasted for nearly and hour and a half.  It was then that he also noticed that Kryton was
not with them, and neighter was Sasami.
	Aeka started to groan and she held her stomach wincing in pain.  Throught their link he
could tell she was in great distress.
	"Your hurt.  Washu, Aeka's hurt!" he yelled.
	"No need to yell, I'm right here." sbe said at his side.
	"One of them kicked her pretty hard." he said.
	Washu ran a scanner over her and whistled.
	"She's got a ruptured spleem.  Lets get her to the regeneration tank." she said.
	"Your not putting me in that thing." Aeka said.
	"You don't have much of a choice, your bleeding to death on the inside." Washu told her.
	"How long?" Tenchi asked Washu.
	"An hour should do it." she said.
	"Well, if its just an hour." Aeka said.
	"I love you." Tenchi said to her.
	Aeka nuzzled in his arms.  "I love you too." she said.

	When Washu and Tenchi were seeing to Aeka, Orrin rushed outside to find out where
Kryton was.  He found the avitar and the little girl standing in the living room.  The child,
Sasami, was holding the avitar's hand and looking out of a large hole in the side of the
wall leading outside.  There were eight green, smoking puddles laying on the floor at the
avitar's feet.
	"You've been busy." he said.
	"They attacked as soon as you disappeared into Little Washu's lab." Kryton said.
	"Are you both alright?" Orrin asked them.
	"Kryton protect me." Sasami said hugging the avitar's arm.
	"I never pictured you as the fatherly type." Orrin said jokingly.
	"I'm used to it being around you.  I've had lots of practice." the avitar said.
	"Ha, ha, ha, ha." Orrin said.
	Tenchi and the rest except for Washu and Aeka came out of the lab.  Tenchi looked at the
damage in the room and his mind immediately thought of Sasami.  He was suddenly put at ease
when she ran up to him and jumped into his arms.
	"Oh, Tenchi it was incredible.  There monsters crashed throught the wall, and Kryton's
arms turned into a sword, and he fought them to protect me." she said excitedly.
	"I owe you more than you can imagine." Tenchi said to the avitar.
	"It was my pleasure, sir.  Darklings are such vile creatures." Kryton said.
	"These were just first stage Darklings.  They are sort of a larve stage for the
Darkness." Orrin said.
	"You mean we were fighting babies!" the other Ryoko exclaimed.
	"Actually, more like newly infected hosts.  I'd say from their power levels they were
infected for about six months or so." Orrin said.
	"What are the other stages?" Tenchi asked.
	"There are three stages, and you do not want to face a stage three Darkling.  I did
once and I barely got away with my life." he said.
	"I detect no further ethereal signatures in the area that are Darkling in nature." said
Kryton.
	"And the rift?" Orrin asked him.
	"Still in place, sire." the avitar said.
	"Damn." Orrin breathed.
	"So much for small miracles." Yosho commented.
	Noboyuki crawled out from hehind what was left of the living room couch and looked up
at everyone a bit wide eyed.
	"Is it safe to come out yet?"

	A dark figure looked down on the Masaki house with some displeasure, but it did not
feel disappointment at the failed mission of its minions.  It was not surprised at their 
failure as it appeared the residence of the house possess magical abilities, and someone
with Elo'Quin magic was in the house also.  This defeat was not the end however, it was just
a temporary setback it decided.  The dark figure stood there watching for several minutes
and then it teleported away.

	Orrin went back to the lab to finish his work with Washu just as she was done putting the
princess into the regeneration tank.  This thing is getting alot of use today, she thought.
Orrin walked up to her and put his arms arund her waist from behind.  She smiled as she keyed
in the sequence to start the regenerative process that would heal Aeka's internal injuries.
With that done she turns around in his grasp and kisses him.
	"Will she be alright?" he asked.
	"Aeka's tough, she will pull through." Washu said.
	"The rift is still in place." Orrin said.
	"I noticed." Washu replied looking at the holodisplays.
	"This is day one.  We have nine more to go." he said.
	"We need to double our efforts here." she told him.
	"Agreed.  And, I may have an idea." he said.
	"Oh, what is that?" she asked.
	"Have you ever heard of dark matter?" he asked her.

	Ryoko fell asleep and was leaning on Tenchi's shoulder.  They were all in the living
room talking about the night's battle and making sure everyone was alright.  Sasami was
worried about Aeka, but Tenchi told her that her sister was in Washu's capable hands.  His
attention turned to Sakuya who was munching on some carrot sticks.  She still have that a
doe eyed and frightened look on her face, but she was feeling much better.  Ryu-Ohki in toddler
form was watching her with a sad little face.  Sakuya look at her, looked at the carrot sticks
she had, and offered the little cabbit-girl some.  Ryu-Ohki's face suddenly lite up and she
danced around the room.  This made Sakuya laugh, and Tenchi decided he would have to find some
way to thank Ryu-Ohki for that.
	"Well, we have sleeping bags in the closet over there." he said pointing down the hall
leading towards the kitchen and back door.
	"I'll get them." Sassai said.
	"I'd better sleeping beauty upstair." he said lifting Ryoko in his arms.
	"Good night, Lord Tenchi." the other Aeka said.
	"Good night." he said.
	"I am keeping my scanners peeled for more...intruders, sire." Kryton told him.
	"Thanks." he said.
	Tenchi took Ryoko to her bedroom and laid her down.  He covered her in the blanket and
kissed her forehead.  He went to his bedroom, plopped down on the bed and promptly fell 
asleep.

	Tenchi woke up feeling something on top of him.  Someone was leaning over him on his
bed and the fingers of a small hand were running through his hair.  He opened his eyes and 
looked into a pair of beautiful lavender eyes and a pair of purple ponytails.  He reached up
and touched Aeka's face, she smiled and put her hand over his.  He had been so worried about
her that night that he had been dreaming about her.  A sudden terrifying thought came to his
mind.
	"Which one are you?" he asked her.
	-- Which one do you think? -- she thought back.
	Tenchi sighed with relief, and embraced her.
	"Just being careful." he said.
	"Good for you.  We have a mental bond so I don't want to hear about any mistaken 
identities." she said with a half smile half smirk.
	"There is another Tenchi in the hosue." he reminded her.
	"Oh, ha ha." she said.
	This has been the closest he has ever been to Princess Aeka in all the time she had
been here on Earth.  There was the time at that one picnic, and the times they walked hand-in-
hand on their dates, but that was it.  This was his first chance to really be close to her,
and he had only just partially noticed just how beautiful she really was.  She was more
petite than Ryoko, dressed far more conservatively, and just like Ryoko she wore no make-up.
Aeka was one of those women who did not have to wear make-up to look beautiful, however, he
noted.  Tenchi pulled her to him and kissed her for a long moment.
	-- We have an hour before sunrise. -- she thought to him.
	-- I won't spend it with anyone else. -- he thought back.
	Aeka crawled up into the bed next to him and they layed their in each other's arms for
several minutes exchanging kisses.  Thoses kisses increased until Tenchi found himself kissing
her down her neck.  Aeka was quivering with the sensation, and she gave a very soft moan only
loud enough for him to hear.
	He leaned up on his arm, reached out, and started to untie the wrappings of Aeka's
kimono.  Slowly he undressed her and she slowly started to lossen his shirt front.  Before
long they were under the covers.  The touch of their skin against each other was an over-
whelmingly strong sensation and it made them drunk with ecstacy.  The world seemed to blur and
fade out of existance so they were the only ones withing a void created just for them.  As the
light of the sun began to drift into the room the two lovers collapsed into each others arms
breathing heavily and exhausted.  Aeka's body was quivering and shaking from the experience,
and she started to cry.
	"What's wrong?" Tenchi asked her with concern.
	"I have never been as happy as I am right at this moment." she said hugging him.
	"I want you to be happy." he told her.
	"Oh, Tenchi, I have dreamed of this since we first met." she admitted to him.
	"It might have happened sooner, but that would have really complicated things." he said
and projected the memory of their first date at the picnic.
	"Yes it would have." she said.
	"I have never seen you without your clothes on before." he told her.
	"How do I compare to Ryoko?" she asked leaning up on one arm.
	Tenchi suddenly felt trapped by those beautiful lavender eyes and tried to think of an
answer.  Sensing his discomfort through their link, Aeka crawled out of bed and stood in front
of him stark naked.  "Maybe this can help you decide." she said, and a little bit of crimson
touched her cheeks.
	Tenchi sat up in bed and looked at her and he was in awe.  She was every bit as beautiful
as Ryoko was.  He felt so lucky not only to have two women who loved him so much, but also two
women who could easily put any super model on Earth to shame.
	Aeka took a slightly seductive pose she had learned to watching Ryoko flurt with Tenchi.
The effect was awe inspiring.
	"Wow." he said.
	"Wow.  Is that all I get is just a little...wow." she said angrily.
	"Uh, well, what I mean is..uh..oh boy." he said.
	Aeka walked up to him, pushed him back onto the bed and stradled him.  The same smile
that she smiles when zapping Ryoko came to her face.
	"Uh, Aeka?" he asked a little worried.
	"It appears you need a little more convinceing." she said with that same evil smile.
	"Your starting to freak me out." he said.
	"Gooooood." she said leaning down and she started to kiss him.
	"Oh, that kind of convincing." he said and put his arms around her.
	They kissed each other for several minutes, and Tenchi hands roved around a bit to places
of interested on her body.
	"Convinced yet." she asked.
	He made a face as if thinking really hard, then he said.  "I'll have to take it up with
a committee."
	"A committee, you...you!" she said and started lightly punching him.
	The two giggled as they play fought and then Tenchi started tickling her sides.  Aeka
wiggled and started laughing aloud.
	"NO...STOP...I'M TICKLISH THERE....STOP!" she shouted.
	"Make me." he giggled.
	"Oh, is that how your going to be is it?" she said and she started to feel around his
body looking for tickle points.
	Tenchi held a straight face through all of it.
	"Your ticklish somewhere, Lord Tenchi, and I will find it." she said smiling at him.
	"Be my guest." he said calmly.
	Aeka stopped, looked down at him, and lunged for his feet.  Tenchi tried to pull away
from her but it was too late.  She pulled off his socks and started tickling his feet.  Tenchi
writhed as his body was overwhelmed with laughter.
	"HAHAHAHAHA....STOP....STOP...HAHAHAHA....I GIVE....I GIVE...UNCLE....UNCLE!!" he
shouted.
	Aeka shifted back to her strading position, looked at him with those lavender eyes and
batted him at him.  "Now, give me your anweer."
	He sat up with her sitting facing him in his lap and wrapped his arms around her.  She
peered into his eyes and he felt as if he could remain in this gaze forever.
	"My answer is this." he said and he kissed her with his most passionate kiss he could
muster.  When they parted, Aeka caught her breath and looked into his eyes. "Good answer."
	"A-hum!" came a voice from the middle of the room.
	The two looked down to see Ryoko standing halfway out of the bedroom floor.
	"Sasami knocked on your door ten minutes ago.  Breakfast is ready and they are all
waiting for you." she said with a sly smile on her face.
	"I'm sorry, I guess we were too busy to hear her." Tenchi said.
	"I'm sure you were." she said.  "Oh, nice butt princess."
	"Uh, you!" Aeka said and threw her bra at Ryoko who phased down through the floor before
it hit.
	"She has a point." Tenchi said.
	"About what?" Aeka asked.
	"You do have a nice butt." he said.
	Tenchi raised his arms to block Aeka's fake punches again which quickly turned into 
kisses again.
______________
End of Chapter Seven...

If you enjoyed this fan fic please send me an email to zorch@the-zorch.com, subject line
"TM Fan Fic".  Coming up next in The Dark Lord of Jurai Saga, Episode One: Chapter 8 - 
A short Holiday, and Chapter 9 - Dark Matter.  These are going to be extra long special
chapters so stay tuned!



