A Mosswood Production:
Tenchi Muyo:  The Darkness:  FINALE
Phase 1:  Entry
By:   J. Bond

Author's Notes:  The Finale is going to be divided into
three or four separate phases.  That will bring the Darkness
to a conclusion and spawn another series.  I'm probably
going to lay off writing that one for awhile so don't expect
it anytime soon.  Once again, if you have questions or
comments email me at EvangelionRei@hotmail.com  If you have
AOL or the instant messenger I would love to talk to you. 
Instant Message me at the Screen Name ReiAyanme.

Other such:  Once again all these characters minus a few
originals belong to AIC/PIONEER.  I do not intend to make
money off this in any way shape or form it is simply a
creative outlet.  I do not want a lawsuit.  Thanks!

____________________________________________________________

Tenchi Muyo
The Darkness
Phase 1:  Entry

Finale/  He who walks without doubt shall tread the path of
a martyr....


	Evanlong paused and then moved forward quickly, pulling
the collar of the white shirt up and over her shoulder for
the millionth time.  Her silver hair cascaded down around
her and gave a brilliant radiance of angel.  Tenchi was
sitting across the chamber, his head slumped into his hands
and shaking slightly.  "Time is of the essence Tenchi." 
Evanlong sat down beside him and leaned back in the chair,
extending her legs forward.  "We do not have much of it and
this is taking to long.  The only thing that we can do now
is invoke The Process."
	"What?"  Tenchi rubbed his red eyes and sighed.
	"The Process is the beginning of the end for me.  If
you fail, I will be gone as well as everything else you
know.  If you succeed then forever you shall be the eternal
champion."  Evanlong had turned suddenly serious, and the
glow from her body no longer was visible.
	"What are you talking about?!?"  Tenchi was staring at
her know, his face tagged with confusion and despair.
	"Shut up!"  Evanlong slapped him full across the face. 
"Listen!  You are the only one who can do this!  The power
is strong within you boy!  So strong!"  Tenchi had a new
prospective of Evanlong know, she wheeled an enormous amount
of power.  "The Keeper is almost upon his, his minions are
within a breathe of your family, there is no time left.  We
must begin now!"
	"BEGIN WHAT DAMMIT!"  Tenchi shouted, touching his
cheek softly.
	Evanlong lowered her head, "The Process.  Upon the
winds of time floats moonbeams to infinite possibilities," 
she fell into a rhythmic trance while speaking.  "The beams
cross at an epicenter, that is were the sword lays.  The
sword of Kurai provides no power, but reveals the absolute
truth into one's self and everything around him.  It tears
some men apart and makes others yet stronger."
	"How do we get there?"  Tenchi was leaning on the edge
of his seat.
	"Through The Lobby."  Evanlong was rocking slowly back
and forth.
	"How do we get to The Lobby?"
	"Through the Dark Sun....."  Evanlong was still gently
rocking and now floating lightly above the seat.
	"Where is it?"  Tenchi's breathing had slowed and he
was now concentrating on her.
	"I can take you there when you are ready to accept your
duty."  Evanlong turned towards him and touched his cheek. 
Her fingertips were cold against Tenchi's flesh.
	Long moments of thought passed between the two and
Tenchi finally turned towards her, a stern look on his face. 
"I am ready."
	"Understood, I was given knowledge of what will happen,
but I can not say.  I will not be able to talk to you while
your on the journey, but I will be beside you.  For now I
can reveal three clues."  Evanlong stood and looked down at
Tenchi.  "You shall kill an angel.  I am part of you.  The
way in is not the way out."
	Tenchi stared at her and then looked over sideways
while exhaling a heavy breathe.  "What does that mean?"
	"That is all I can say."  Evanlong stared at him in a
way that suddenly brought back an image of Ryoko scolding
him because he hadn't emptied the trash one night.
	"What do you mean all you can say?  You expect me to go
off on some half-cocked journey to find a sword we don't
even know exists to kill and angel and find a way out or
something like that!  That's crazy!"  Tenchi yelled.
	"Is it also crazy that your wife was almost killed by a
demon?"  Evanlong stared at him long and hard.
	Tenchi lowered his head and took a deep breathe. 
"Fine....I'll do it..."
	Evanlong smiled and raised her arms into the air. 
Large orbs of blue light surrounded them and then grew
brighter.  Suddenly they were in a small dark cave-like
structure.  Tenchi looked around and Evanlong was standing
next to him dressed in white clothing, she looked almost
like an angel and he noted something different about her,
something in her eyes.  But he couldn't point it out
exactly.  Evanlong motioned with her head for him to look
forward.
	"What the hell?"  Tenchi spit out the words as his eyes
rested on the grotesque image.  A white bunny was pinned up
on a giant red cross.  Blood matted down it's fur and was
crusted in someplaces while also being slicked in others. 
Crimson life-stuff poured from it's nose and the corner of
it's dark all-knowing eyes.  It's paws were cracked and
pinned against the cross by large metallic nails that were
stained red just above were they ripped through flesh.  The
rabbit was still alive and it sniffled and hissed at the
two.
	"That is the black sun child....the black sun." 
Evanlong was staring transfixed with her amber eyes.  Tenchi
could have sworn that they had been gray earlier but hadn't
paid much attention.  Something was slowly changing in her,
but Tenchi still didn't know what.

*****

	Hideyuki paused and then looked down at his feet.  The
air was rushing through the trees and the leaves were
whispering.  "Oh God....It's started."  The white robs
wrapped around his body were flapping and he lifted his head
towards the horizon to see the sun suddenly turn black. 
Light disappeared and hid behind objects and soon darkness
filled the whole area.  Hideyuki leaped forward and ran
through the foliage towards the palace.  "If the process has
already started then-"  He looked down at his hands and they
began to flicker.  Blue light surrounded him and within
moments he had vanished, leaving no trace of his
whereabouts.

*****

	Ryoko jerked awake and then slumped again as pain
jetted through her side and crippled her back down to the
bed.  Her vision was slightly blurred and nothing seemed to
be able to pull itself together.  A purple aura was present
around the room and everything was spinning clockwise giving
it a dazed effect.  "Help...."  Ryoko whimpered out as she
turned on the bed, some of her strength was already seeping
it's way back into her body.  With her left arm she lifted
her body to a sitting position and propped herself up
against a nearby ledge.  Her vision came back and suddenly
Ryoko realized that there was a small woman laying on the
floor.  She looked dead, "What the..."
	It was then that the suddenly explosion rocked her from
the bed and tossed the frail figure to the floor.

*****

	Masamune Kiro leached back as the tripod was knocked
off the hill from the blast.  He peered upwards and saw a
perfect golden orb fly from the barrel of his gun and arch
into the sky.  At it's peek it seemed to levitate and then
rammed down upon the small Masaki house at lighting speed. 
The wood erupted in flames as the initial explosion ripped a
hole into the wall and smoke was already filtering through
the shattered remnants.  Masamune snickered and lowered the
gun again, this time flipping a switch and taking aim.  His
finger caressed the trigger and then depressed it.  The end
of the gun was ignited in a star of fire and then the roar
of fully automatic fire pierced the evening.

*****
	Sasami casually placed the small dish into the sink
after taking it from the table.  Washu was present and had
just a second ago eaten a large portion of rice.  "I'm still
hungry."  Washu said while rubbing her stomach.  The red
tanktop was sticking to her as the heat increased.  "Got
anything else?"
	"Washu!  You've eaten four bowls already!  You've got
to save some for the others!"  Sasami squealed, she was half
laughing and half scolding the mad scientist.  A moment of
silence passed as both felt something about to happen, and
then the living room wall suddenly exploded in flames and
debris.  Sasami fell to the floor by instinct behind the
counter and Washu had leapt over her chair onto the floor. 
"Washu!  Are you all right?!?!"
	"Where's Lord Katsuhito!?!?"  Washu shouted, suddenly
the windows shattered as bullets sprayed into the room. 
Washu grabbed Sasami and ducked behind cabinet.  "WHAT THE
HELL IS GOING ON?!?!?!?!?"
	
*****
	
	Tenchi stared at the rabbit for long moments, he was
only a few feet from it now and Evanlong was standing beside
him.  "How do we get in?"
	Evanlong gave him a sour look, "You probably don't want
to see this."  Her hands clasped together and suddenly thin
spear-like weapon materialized in them.  It was at least six
feet long and a flat blade took up almost four feet of it. 
The black weapon was held tightly in Evanlong's hands and a
look of pure rage crossed her face.  Tenchi stared in utter
disbelief and horror as the guardian plunged the spear into
the rabbit's chest.  Blood sprayed out like a fountain,
covering Evanlong and Tenchi in copper tasting life.  The
red fluid sprayed everywhere and the Guardian only pushed
the blade in deeper.  The white hare let out a hideous
screech of an animal in pain, the sound spilled into
Tenchi's ears and bile slowly began to creep it's way up his
throat.  
	Evanlong had gotten the blade almost all the way in,
the point was touching the cross, she took a massive breathe
as jetstreams of blood covered and stained her face. 
"AAAAHHHH!"  Evanlong screamed as she wrenched the spear
downwards to the rabbit's groin.  Intestines began to coil
themselves on the ground and slimly mucus mixed with blood
to create a horrid odor.  Tenchi turned his back and vomited
over the black rocks.  Greenish yellow liquid sprayed
in-between his teeth and matted the black obsidian with
stomach juices.  He threw up again as Evanlong ripped the
blade sideways cracking open the rabbit's ribcage. 
Cartilage and bone fragments flew everywhere and landed over
the walls.  A whimper escaped the rabbit and then it went
limp on the cross.  Tenchi gasped for his breathe and then
fell to his knees.  
	"Just take deep breathes."  Evanlong said, she was
suddenly standing behind him, her white gown now soiled with
blood and mucus, entrails hanging near her feet.
	"That was evil...."  Tenchi said softly, gasping in
mouthfuls of air.
	"We do what we must.  The end justifies the means
Tenchi, remember that."  Evanlong kneeled next to him, blood
was creating a lake around them both.  The carnage was
sickening and Tenchi couldn't stand to look around.  The
black cavern was now bright red and crimson. 
	"Where's the damn Portal?"

*****

	Hideyuki plunged through the darkness that surrounded
him and there was nothing to orient himself with.  He didn't
know if he was falling, running, walking, floating, or even
in existence anymore.  A bright light began to form itself
infront of his eyes and then gained power growing ever more. 
"Oh dear God..."  It threatened to swallow him whole and
then someone emerged from the light.  A tall figure, dressed
in a black billowing cloak, a set of green eyes starred
outwards towards him.  Hideyuki recognized the figure,
"SHINJUKO!!!!!!!!!!"
	"Hideyuki, it's been sometime, I believe when last we
saw you had killed your wife correct?"  A hint of laughter
was present in The Keeper's voice.
	Hideyuki focused and then everything began to take
form.  Shadow turned to light and they were present upon a
grassy hill staring at each other.  The Keeper's face was
still hidden and his hands outstretched.  "I should have
killed you then you bastard!!!!"
	The Keeper laughed, "Are you ready?"
	The knight launched himself into the air and then came
slamming down onto the The Keeper.  A tidalwave of light
washed from the epicenter of the two warriors as they fought
on.  Hideyuki kicked his foot out into Shinjuko's stomach. 
It made contact and then the two were separated yet again. 
The Keeper leaped backwards with the force of the Knight's
kick and then brought his hands forward and summoned the
dark sword.  
	"You die here knight, just like your wife."  The Keeper
said.  Hideyuki stared at him and then ran forward at full
speed.  At the last second he stopped and jumped back while
spraying blue fire from his fingertips.  The waves of flame
knocked into The Keeper and then dissipated as a bubble of
dark light surrounded Shinjuko in protection.  
	"FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!  I WILL SEE YOU BURN DEMON!!" 
Hideyuki made a fist and purple light began to auroinate
around it.  With all his energy he flung his fist forward. 
The Keeper stuck his hand out and waited as Hideyuki plowed
into the dark bubble.  Massive shock waves of color and
energy poured out as the two power's collided.  Hideyuki's
fist was almost threw the bubble and then The Keeper grunted
forward and buried his hand into the knight's chest.  Blood
spotted his white robs and then leaped out of his body and
coated the Keeper.
	Hideyuki's eyes went wide with pain and he flew back
crashing into a tree.  Blood spilled from his lips and nose
onto the green grass.  "Bastard...."  He muttered softly and
stumbled to one knee looking at his advisory.
	"So it seems the mighty knight isn't powerful enough?" 
The Keeper laughed a malevolent chuckle and then began to
walk forward.  "Give me the amulet."
	"Never...."  Hideyuki peered back down at the ground
and made his decision.  He slammed his fist into the ground,
"TAKUTO!!!!!!!!!"  Light surround him and then erupted in
flames a massive explosion created.  The mushroom cloud
worked it's way up through the trees in the form of black
smoke and fire.  The million minions stopped and everything
came to a hush as the knight's energy passed from this world
to the next.

*****

	Ryoko shook her head and tried to clear her vision once
again.  She peered around and realized that she was in
Washu's laboratory, with a quick movement she teleported
into the living room and saw a giant hole had been created
there.  "WASHU!!!"  
	Suddenly a little red haired woman appeared and a look
of utter disbelief crossed her face.  "Ryoko.....It can't
be!  RYOKO GET DOWN!"  Washu screamed, a glance of blue hair
was present and then Sasami's face appeared and a small tear
welled up in the corner of her eye until Washu pushed her
back into the corner.  Ryoko barley had time to register
what was going on and then a hail of bullets ripped by her. 
The blue haired goddess jetted left and ducked behind the
couch.
	"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!?!?!?"  Ryoko screamed over
the noise, her head was dizzy and she was very warm.  Glass
and shrapnel was flying everywhere as the slugs ripped into
the house.
	"I don't know!  Someone just started shooting at us!!!" 
Washu yelled back.
	"From where?!?!?"  Ryoko was trying to focus on
listening to her mother's voice but it seemed so distant and
far away.
	"Somewhere outside!"  Washu was trying to manure
through the doorway without being one of the bullets
victims.  "It just started a second ago!!!"
	"Dammit!"  Ryoko lifted her head slightly and then
jerked down again as another brigade passed by her tearing
into the couch.

*****

	Masamune pulled back and lifted the gun away as the
chamber clicked dry.  Turning around his eyes set on the
massive battle suit, it was at least twelve feet tall and
it's right arm was replaced with a large barrel.  The blue
armor reflected the moonlight that filtered through the
trees and cast an errie glow onto Masamune's already
deranged features.  He tapped a small button on his vest and
the chest of the mechanical giant spurted open to reveal a
space for a human pilot.  Masamune slid in and then tapped
one of the side control panels to shut the mechanism. 
Lights of red and green came to life and little beeps
signaled the ready sign.  Masamune leeched back in the suit
and then engaged the thrusters, he was instantly shot
forward through the trees towards the Masaki residence.
	The thrusters cut as the giant robot landed by the
house and lifted it's barrel arm.  A click echoed through
the air and then more bullets shredded the wood of the
house.  A little red haired woman was suddenly standing in
the breezeway and she stared at the robot and a look of
terror flew over her features.  Her small hand shot out and
grabbed a little blue haired girl and then they ran through
a door.  Masamune didn't kill them yet, he wanted this to
savor, to have a little fun with them.

*****

	Sasami and Washu leapt down the stairs and into her
laboratory to be greeted by Ryoko hovering just above the
floor.  "Ryoko I don't have time to ask how your floating
there so I'll make this quick.  That up there is a
MX-Digital P Battle Mech designed by the galaxy police." 
Washu was almost spitting out her words.  "It'll find us
pretty quick but it's going to take some time to get through
that door.  Sasami open up that door there, Ryoko move out
of the way."  The mad scientist was racing about shoving
over canisters and flipping over tables to reveal a hidden
door that no one had ever noticed before.
	"What's that?!?!?"  Sasami broke the glass that covered
a large red button.  "Push it?"
	"OF COURSE PUSH IT!"  Washu yelled she was standing
directly infront of the door and waiting for it to be
opened.  Sasami pressed the button and then the thin slab of
metal learched to the left. 
	Ryoko leaned forward, "What the-"  
	Washu jumped into the darkness and then tapped a red
button that was flashing through the infinite darkness.  A
mechanical voice suddenly echoed in the small compartment
and jumped outside into the open chamber.  "APC Drone
online.  Main junction complete, psyotic optimal.  What is
status?"
	"PROTECT!"  Washu screamed scrambling on the thing's
legs.  
	"Understood, force level?"  It inquired.
	"Maximum!!!!!!!!!!!"  Washu was jumping up and down and
then leaped into room with Sasami and Ryoko as a giant metal
monster exited through the small  opening.  It's eye's were
burning red and it's arms hung almost down to it's ankles. 
Ryoko and Sasami stared in duplicated awe as the giant
suddenly whipped it's head towards the stairs.
	"Target approaching.  Engaging battle programs."  It
bellowed out.

*****

	Evanlong stood posed ready to strike at the giant
rabbit.  It's body momentarily convulsed in it's final death
movements.  The Angel like figure moved forward and placed
her hands on the outside of the creatures fur and heaved it
outwards.  Blood oozed from the gapping hole that presented
itself in the chest of the hare.  "Through here Tenchi." 
she commanded.
	Tenchi stared at her with disgust covering his face. 
The smell was becoming horrendous, and just the site of the
carnage brought more bile into his throat.  "This can't be
the only way in..."
	"It is and it is not."  Evanlong leaped up and buried
her foot into the rabbit's chest.  Squirts of blood and bone
gushed out and then she slipped her leg in all the way. 
Tenchi stared at the site in confusion, she was moving
through the rabbit into some sort of hole even though she
should be hitting the back of the cross.
	"I'm going to be sick."  Tenchi turned his head once
again and puked onto the ground.  The yellow liquid swirled
around on the ground and made strange patterns.  "God this
is horrible."
	"God has no place here."  Evanlong was halfway in, the
only part sticking out from the rabbit was her left arm and
her head.  "Come quickly, we have no time to waste."

-End Phase 1:  Entry
____________________________________________________________
Author's Notes:  ?End?