This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".  Characters that are made up such
as Jurai Ankoku-ou are my idea.

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 13 - "First Encounter on Shulei"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@aol.com
http://gundamotaku.terrashare.com

After crossing the beacon the Masaki residents were in
for a bumpy ride. The defense turrets were clumped together
tighter than the field before and the shields on Kiyone and
Mihoshi's ships wouldn't last much longer due to the heavy
fire in the first few seconds of crossing the beacon's field.
The only chance of getting through was in the hands of Tenchi
who controlled Ryu-Oh's Light Hawk Wings.  The ships traveled
at tremendous speed with their new engines.

Mitsuki decided to remain behind and wait for Tenchi and
the others to get across the other turret field.

"We're not going to make it!," Kiyone's voice trembled in
fear.

"Yes we are!  Believe it!," Tenchi was mustering all
the concentration he could to control Ryu-Oh's Light
Hawk Wings through the Tenchiken.  Sweat poured in
rivers down Tenchi's forehead.

Kiyone regained some sanity and looked at the map, "At this
speed we'll be out of the field in one minute!  Hang on,
Tenchi!"

Tenchi's teeth ground against each other as he shook.
The power of the defense turrets was beyond belief!
Tenchi summoned all his ki to protect the ships.

The master and pupil had stopped training and stared at
the sky.

"Master Kaitu!  Who is behind this ki energy?," the pupil
gazed at the azure dome of the sky, perplexed.

The master squinted his eyes, "Patience, Aolong.  We will
find out soon."

<Just a little longer!,> Tenchi was using all his will
power as well as everything else to keep the Light Hawk
Wings summoned.  They moved about the ships at a blinding
rate and blocked the powerful lasers.  After the minute
had passed they cleared the field.

"We did it!," Mihoshi cheered.

Ryoko sighed heavily in relief.

Tenchi dropped to his knees, "Kiyone, what's the distance
to Shulei?"  The loud panting was clear on all the audio
channels between the ships.

"Ten billion kilometers.  If we travel using the speed we
went through the turret field at we should get to Shulei
in no time."

"Good...," Tenchi sprawled on his back and closed his
eyes, "Kiyone...?"

"Yes, Tenchi?"

"Synchronize our ships and take us there real slow.
I need to rest."

"Okay."

Ryoko looked at the screen to Ryu-Oh, "Tenchi..."

Back on the planet's surface the master and pupil sat
on some rocks and waited.  The two sensed the ki source
had slowed down but was heading in their direction.

Aolong looked at his master, "Master, I know you know
something.  I could tell by the look of worry on your
face that something's not right."

Kaitu returned the look to Aolong, "I guess it is time
I tell you the truth."

Aolong raised a brow, "Truth?  You've never kept such
secrets about ki sources."

"I'm talking about the legends, Aolong.  The legends
of our kindred are true."

"What are you rambling about?," Aolong laughed.

"Aolong!  I'm not kidding!," Kaitu erupted.

Aolong observed silence and paid attention.

Kaitu told his tale of long ago:

"Good.  Let me tell you of an event that happened 705
years ago.  One day I was walking down a narrow mountain
road when I sensed a tremendous ship energy coming from
the same point in space like today.  My training was as
advanced as yours.  With worries of danger in my head
I set off to meet another power source that was on the
ship, for it was equal to my own.

"When I arrived at the point the energy source touched
down on I saw a ship with similar make to our own.  It
had sustained some damage coming from the turret field
but the occupant was unhurt.  It was Yosho, the prince
of our distant relative kingdom.

"Not knowing Yosho's identity, I asked him who he was,
but he did not reply.  After a warning I engaged him
in battle.  I had no idea that the lost branch had
learned to utilize so much power without the aid of
summoning Light Hawk Wings!  We fought for thirty
minutes straight and exhausted each other.  I could
not defeat Yosho because his ship, Funaho, was using
Light Hawk Wings to protect him.  In the final blow
of the battle we both struck each other down and lay
unconscious for an entire day.

"I woke up the next noon with a blistering sun cooking
my skin.  The blood drawn in battle had dried and cracked.
The copper odor had grown so strong I vomited in a nearby
river.  Yosho had already awakened and cleaned himself.
'Good fight' was the first phrase I heard out of that
man's mouth.  I replied by saying, 'It was'.

"I took Yosho to meet your parents in the Royal Palace.
When they learned where Yosho was from they kicked us
out and banned me from the palace until Yosho was off
the planet.  I take it that a feud still exists.

"I pleaded with your parents a couple of times before
I was banned.  The only things that they granted to
Yosho were repairs to his ship and supplies.  I gave
Yosho a small scroll before he left to our home world
of Jurai.  It taught him the most powerful move in
the Jurai martial arts...the Light Hawk Wing Merge
Technique.  It was a sad thing to see Yosho go.  And
the fact that he couldn't use the technique saddened me.
I thought that with the amount of power he had he would
be able to perform it.  Yosho tried it once before he
departed.  It almost killed him because his body could
not take the power that would have merged with his body.
After aiding him two days he left with the scroll
regardless of his inability to merge with the Light
Hawk Wings.  That man probably thought someone else
could do it.

Aolong's eyes widened in disbelief, "Really?! That's
amazing!!," Aolong's eyes then changed to a slanted look,
"And you taught him the Light Hawk Wing Merge Technique?"

"Aolong...," Kaitu sighed, "Though you are very strong
for your age you are not ready to learn the technique.
You have to meet the technique's requirements."

Aolong's face changed again to a look of confusion,
"What!?"

"You need to learn to concentrate and have a plan for
your battles.  Entering the battlefield without a plan
will cost you your life.  The Light Hawk Wing Merge
Technique requires an intelligent, clear mind."

"I see," Aolong jumped off the rock he was sitting on,
"What will we do to our guests?"

"You can greet them using any method you wish.  But
if you initiate a fight, don't kill them.  Just toy
with them a little while.  I'll meet you back at the
palace, Aolong."

"Right.  I'll give them a welcome they'll never forget
the rest of their lives," Aolong smiled, "This ought to
be fun."

After about nine hours the four ships arrived in Shulei's
orbit.  Tenchi had awakened and was watching a screen.
Mitsuki had maneuvered though the field and remained
undetected by suppressing her ki.  A very advanced Galaxy
Police jammer distorted the sensors of the Masaki residents'
ships allowing the body of her ship to be undetected.

The view of Shulei was amazing!  It looked like the
Earth and Jurai but there was something else to it.
The planet's surface looked very beautiful from middle
orbit.

"I'm bringing up the map of the place Yosho landed the
last time he was here," Kiyone hit a few buttons, "All
ships prepare for atmospheric entry."  The ships began
to enter Shulei's atmosphere and glow from the intense
heat of entry.

Mitsuki followed and kept her distance.  She decided to
land quite a distance from everyone else.

Aolong looked up at the sky and saw the four ships
followed by Mitsuki's ship streak through the sky.
Aolong concentrated his ki and took off toward the
ships, <Those must be the people Master Kaitu
encountered!  But why do I sense only one ship
like ours?>

All the ships slowed down and landed in the same spot
Yosho did ages ago.

Aolong saw the place the ships landed and made a touchdown
outside the forest next to the mountains.  The young martial
artist ran toward Tenchi's ki, <I sense a ki source a little
less powerful than mine.  I also sense an even lesser ki
source that is a little less powerful than that.  I detect
a medium ki source concentrated on a small point and two
small ki sources,> Aolong's eyes went wide open , <Three
small ki sources!  But they make a HUGE concentration of
ki!  That's more powerful than Master Kaitu and me combined!
They're concentrated on the second most powerful ki source!>

Tenchi stepped out of Ryu-Oh and the others came out of
their ships.

"Tenchi!," Ryoko teleported next to Tenchi and hugged him,
not paying attention to the odd ki signature approaching.
It seemed like it was flying a minute ago.

Mihoshi kissed the ground, "It's a good thing we're alive!"

Kiyone wiped a small amount of perspiration off her forehead,
"You did it, Tenchi!"

"I sure did," Tenchi was still tired from the trip and wasn't
all there, and was unaware he and the others were being watched
by Aolong, who arrived very quickly from all the ki enhanced
running.

"So, these are the Juraians," Aolong's interest went up.  The
other ships caught his eyes, "That's odd.  I thought I saw four
ships followed by a fifth one that landed farther away.  But
there are only three ships here!," Aolong looked at the Yagami
and Mihoshi's ship, "And those ships appear to be made of metal!
I've only seen one or two of those in my life."

Ryoko smiled at Tenchi, "Tenchi, I..."

Aolong jumped from the trees and landed in front the group.

"Who are you?," Ryoko asked.

"Just a person," Aolong smiled, "I want to test you..."

"What do you mean 'test'?  We...," Kiyone was cut off as Aolong
charged Tenchi.

Tenchi immediately activated the Tenchiken and swung at Aolong
but missed as his unknown opponent jumped in the air with blazing
speed.

Aolong dropped out of the air and landed in front of Tenchi,
punching him on the stomach really hard.  It seemed like an
unfair first blow.  Tenchi dropped the Tenchiken.

Ryoko joined in the fight, "Don't kill my Tenchi!"  She built up
a sword of energy and took a swing at Aolong.  But he was too
fast for her and ran behind her.  Aolong tapped Ryoko in the
back of the neck, rendering her unconscious.

Mihoshi and Kiyone took out their Galaxy Police pistols and shot
high velocity bullets at Aolong.  But they were caught with
Aolong's bare hands.

<These are the two small ki sources,> the young warrior thought,
<I shouldn't even waste my time with these two.  They're no threat
to me...>  Aolong put up a hand, "I'll stop the test now.  I never
intended to kill you.  I just needed to determine how strong you
were."

"Yeah, right!," Kiyone pointed her pistol at Aolong.

"Didn't you learn that those weapons have no effect on me?," the
green-haired prince dropped the rounds.

Ryoko regained consciousness and pushed herself up to watch the
fight.

Tenchi stood up, "Leave us alone!," he summoned his Light Hawk
Wings.

"Impressive!!!!," Aolong laughed, "But if you heard me the first
time I said this was only a test!  If that's your full power you
are in for a real surprise!"  Aolong focused his ki and began
accumulating power, "I won't even be at half my power though I
can do THIS!," six Light Hawk Wings emerged from Aolong's body.

Everyone gasped in amazement.

Mitsuki was walking through the woods and sensed Aolong's
major surge in ki.

"WHAT IS THAT!?!," Mitsuki shook, "I sense a great surge in ki!
It's time to finish them all off!," she blanked her face out by
shapeshifting and used a Dark Jurai battle ring like Tenchi's
ring to activate her battle armor.  She ran at a normal pace
to keep everyone from sensing her ki.  She also distorted her
voice to keep Kiyone or Mihoshi from recognizing it.

Tenchi stood firm and stared at Aolong, "You're too confident
in yourself.  I beat a man who could generate five Light Hawk
Wings!"

Aolong scratched his chin, "That's quite a feat.  Be honest with
me.  Are you at full power now?"

"Yes!," Tenchi exclaimed.

"I'm really impressed now.  I'm convinced you have a chance to
beat me.  If you beat me I will tell you my name..."

"Let's do it!," Tenchi changed his Light Hawk Wings to the usual
armor and gloves.

Aolong morphed his Light Hawk Wings to armor, two gloves, two
boots, and a shield.

Everyone gulped.  Tenchi was in for a fight.

Aolong initiated the fight and caught Tenchi off guard.  The real
first blow was made with a kick to the stomach.

Tenchi was hurled back but recovered.  Aolong appeared in front
of him and threw a punch.  Tenchi blocked it and countered with
a punch of his own.

It missed miserably.  All of a sudden it dawned on Tenchi that
Aolong was far more powerful than he was.  The only way that
he could beat Aolong was to time his attacks.

Aolong slowed down and kept his shield aside for a time it
would really be needed.

Ryoko joined in the fight despite the condition she was in.
She teleported into the sky and flew straight down at Aolong.

Aolong sensed her ki when she teleported and blocked her
attack.  Aolong was now taking on two attackers.

<Time to end this fight...,> Aolong thought in his head,
disappointed because he thought he'd have a challenge
from Tenchi, <The energy of both of them combined doesn't
even make up more than three quarters of my full power!>
Aolong teleported in front of Tenchi on the ground.

Tenchi saw the chance and threw a kick right in front of
him, hitting Aolong in the chest.  The challenger had the
wind knocked out of him.

"That *GASP!* was a good strategy!  *GASP!*  You win this
round," Aolong deactivated his Light Hawk Wings and coughed
up some blood, "I'll be *COUGH* all right...  I see how you
beat the man with five Light Hawk Wings."

"So, tell me your name," Tenchi said as he deactivated his
Light Hawk Wings.

"My name is Lu Aolong Shulei...," Aolong sat down, "I am
a prince of the Shulei Royal Family that supposedly moved
here 18,000 years ago,"  Aolong looked at the Tenchiken
and began to pick it up, "There is a weapon of similar
make at the palace."

"NO! DON'T TOUCH IT!," Tenchi exclaimed out of concern
for safety.  But the Tenchiken didn't shock Aolong.

"Who are you?," Tenchi asked, "Only members of the Jurai
Royal Family can touch that sword!"  Then Tenchi thought
back to a Chinese book he read at his school library,
<I remember!  Shulei is Jurai!>

Aolong smiled, "It looks like we are members of the same
family..."

Mitsuki had appeared on the scene a long time ago and
saw Tenchi deal Aolong the finishing blow in the fight
and beyond.  It was time to cut in...

End of Chapter 13
