DISCLAIMER:  The Tenchi Muyo character are the property of AIC and
Pioneer respectively.  I receive no monatary compensation for the
production of this work of fiction.
__________
DETAILS:   This is the start of a three episode epic saga set in
a bybtid mix of OAV, Tenchi Universe, and the Shin Tenchi.  A few
chatacters and creations used in this fan fic are my own design
that took me years to develop.  This epic will start a whole series
of other stories that plan to maintain well into the future.
__________

THE DARK LORD OF JURAI SAGA

Episode One:  No Need for Shattered Realities

Written by Michael "The-Zorch" Haney
__________
Previously in our story...

	Tenchi was faced with an unbelievable dilema, he was madly in love with two women at the
same time.  Faced with this problem he finds a way out that may bring them all happiness.  At
the same time Washu discovers something in Earth orbit that could threaten the existance of
all life on the planet.  When we last left the Masaki family Washu was watching a strange
space craft that emerged from a quantum rift head towards earth.  Meanwhile, Tenchi, Ryoko,
and Aeka prepared to join in the Great Bond which will change their relationship forever...
__________
Chapter 2:  The Great Bond

	Three figures huddled together in the main room of the Masaki family shrine, each looked
at one another expectantly.  They were Tenchi Masaki, grandson to Yosho and first prince of the
Juraian Empire, Aeka, first princess of Jurai, and Ryoko, the most feared space pirate in the
known universe.  The two women looked at Tenchi with unconditional love in their eyes, and he
looked back at them with love, kindness, and devotion.  In his hands he held the smalll black
box that Washu had given him, the five gemstones on one side of the box were glowing witn an
inner light.  They had just finished a long embrass and a shared kiss and were now sitting
and waiting for him to make the first move.  Aeak was the first to break the silence.
	"To make the Great Bond, we need a Jurai tree." Aeka said.
	"We don't have one here, do we?" Ryoko asked.
	"Yosho's tree, but its too weak.  Ryouhl is here but he is too young and not strong
enough yet." Aeka 
	"We might not need one." Tenchi said as he held up Washu's box.
	"Is that one of mo-om's little toys?" Ryoko asked incredulously.
	"I told her what I had planned and she said this would serve the same purpose." he
replied.
	"What did she say when you told her?" Aeka asked.
	"To be careful, and good luck." he said.
	Tenchi explained the workings of the device, or as much as he understood from Washu's
explaination.  Both women paid attention to every word he said because this was so imprortant
to him and their future together.  When he was finished, Tenchi laid the black box on the floor
in front of him.
	"It will create the link for us?" Aeka asked.
	"That is what Washu said." Tenchi said.
	"I don't know if I like having one of mother's little gadgets poking around in my head."
Ryoko said.
	"She assured me it was safe. Tenchi replied.
	"So, it will start the bond with you first, me seconds, and then Ryoko third." Aeka
said.
	"Yes, and once the bond is formed it will break its link and we will take over." Tenchi
told them.
	"And, we will actually re-live each other's memories?" Ryoko asked.
	"We will be observers in some, and in other we will experience them." Aeka said.
	"Are you sure you two want to do this?  Once we bond there is no way to reverse it."
Tenchi said.
	"We are very sure, Lord Tenchi.  We love you." Aeka said.
	"Alright then, here we go." he said.

	The gemstones on Washu's black box were arranged in a circle of four surrounding the
fifth stone.  Each of the stones was a different color, and they were all glowing with an
inner light.  Tenchi touched the center stone and four outer stones flared to life.  A single
straight beam of light like laser lanced out and touched Tenchi's forehead.  He sat lotus style
on the floor of the shrine and did not move.  Two other beams lanced out one after the other
to Aeka's forehead and then to Ryoko's forehead.  They all sat there motionless for a short
moment before the world around them faded into white light....

	Tenchi stood in a field of strange alien blossoms and felt the warm breeze of planet
Jurai brush has face.  In the field in front of him two small figures ran and romped through
the flowers giggling.  There were flashed is tiny legs, purple hair, and cyran hair among the
multicolor flowers.  Before long, two tiny little girls now older than perhaps six years old
collapsed on the ground.  The two giggled furiously.  Little Ryoko sat up at that moment and
help out her hand to little Aeka.  In her tiny grasp was a wreath of flowers that she had made
with her own two little hands.
	"This is you, its your crown." little Ryoko said.
	"Oh, is sooo pretty." little Aeka said putting it on.
	"You look pretty with it on." little Ryoko told her.
	"Do I look like a real princess, now." little Aeka said taking a regal pose.
	Little Ryoko giggled, and was soon joined by the companion.
	"Do you think I'll ever be a bride, Aeka." little Ryoko asked her.
	"Someday when you grow up." the little princess replied.
	"When I grow up, I'll marry a prince and we'll live happily ever after." little Ryoko
said with a wide grin.
	"Me too." sighed little Aeka.

Swirling light, faded voices, and half remembered dreams abound...

	Aeka was crying again on the balcony overlooking the Royal Gardens on Jurai, but it was
Ryoko who looked through her eyes.  Prince Yosho, young and hansome, soon behind her rubbing
her arms tenderly.  He wanted to grab her and hold her, but there was so much at stake.  
	"Why must you leave me!" she cried, her shoulders shaking with her sobs.
	"I have to stop her, she isn't in control of her mind." Yosho said.
	"How could she do this, she's become a monster!" Aeka spat.
	"Blame Kagato for what has happened.  I only prey that when I find Ryoko that there is
perhaps a little bit of her left inside her mind." he said.
	"Promise me you will return to me." she said turning around to him.
	Yosho leaned forward and kissed his fiance and half-sister passionately.
	"I promise, my sweet Aeka." he said as he wiped away her tears.

Swirling light, faded voices, and visions of friends long gone...

	"Tenchi, come here." said a weak voice.
	Aeka and Ryoko stood like phantoms in the bedroom that would later be Aeka and Sasami's
bedroom in the Masaki house.  Laying in a bed was Achika, Tenchi's mother, and standing next to
the bed as a young five year old Tenchi Masaki.  The child had been crying and he slowly
walked into his mother's waiting arms.
	"Mommy has to go away from you now.  I am going somewhere where I won't be sick anymore."
she said.
	"Will I see you again, mommy?" little Tenchi asked with tear filled eyes.
	"I pray someday, my little Tenchi." she said kissing his cheek.
	"Can I come and visit you?" he asked her.
	Achika could hardly hold back the tears.  She wiped her eyes before speaking again.
	"No, but I will alway be with you...in here." she said touching his forehead.
	She placed a hand over his heart.  "And, I will be in here.  Alwauys."
	"I'm going to miss you mommy." little Tenchi cried.
	"I will miss you too, little one." she replied.
	Achika cradled little Tenchi in her arms and rocked her little boy side to side.  She
ran her fingers through his short black hair and started to sing to him.  Her voice was like
the sound of a summer rain, soft and soothing.  Aeka and Ryoko felt tears running down their
phantom faces and knew this was Tenchi's last memory of his mother before she passed way.  The
sound of her voice was haunting as the vision of the memory began to fade away....

	Hush little baby, don't say a word

	Mommy's going to buy you a mocking bird

	and if that mocking bird won't sing

	Mommy's gong to buy you a diamond ring...

Swirling light, faded voices, and memories best forgotten...

	Aeka was cold, very cold, and very weak.  She rested beneith the water that pooled in the
floor of Ryoko's cave prison.  It was dark, so dark.  She felt the lonliness, the infinite
lonliness of her captivity.  Insanity threatened to strnagled her mind day after day, weeks
became, months, months became years, and years became centuries.  Then, he came.  A little
child and his mother was romping around outside the cave.  Aeka sent her presence to the 
entrance just inside the seal that imprisoned her and she watched him.  He was so cute, he was
the only living thing she had ever seen in so long.  He was beautiful.  The tiny boy, no more
than two or three was laughing and playing.  He chased after tiny winged insects with large
colorful wings...butterflies they were called.
	Time passed and the child grew older and older, and one day he stopped coming to the
cave entrance.  Years of lonliness passed by again and Aeka thought we would never see that
wonderful little boy again.  She vowed that if she were to ever escape from here that she
would love him forever.
	There was a noise.  Yes, there was sound, in her cave.  It was the first sound she had
heard in centuries.  A light appeared at the top of the tunnel that lead to her chamber.  A
single figure came sliding down the tunnel and landed with a thud.  In his hands he carried
the sword, the Tenchi-ken, the sword that Yosho had used to free her from Kagato's control
and steal the power of her gems.
	It was him, she knew it...it was the boy, but now he was a man.  Such a hansome young
man.  She gathered enough strength to lift herself out of the water before him and grasp his
hand.  She reached up and touched his face.  He was so warm, and it was the first time in 
countless centuries that she felt the warmth of any living thing.  She loved him, her savior,
and she would forever be his.  She swore it.

Swirling light, faded voices, and scenes that tugged at the heart...

	Ryoko watched as Tenchi and Aeka lay in the grass.  Their first date, when he started
dating them, was to take the princess on a picnic in the forest.  Tenchi had his eyes closed as
he lay there next to Aeka, and he felt the warmth of the sun on his face.  He opened his eyes
as Aeka leaned up next to him and kissed him.  He melted into her kiss and it seemed as if it
last forever.  His arms found their way around her waist and he didn't want to let her go.  A
powerful desire for her welled up in him, but it took all of his strength to resist.  She had
been unbuttoning his shirt when he stopped her and looked into her eyes.
	"I-I can't..." he said.
	"Is it because, because of Ryoko?" she asked him.
	"Yes, but also because I'm not ready to take that step yet.  Although, deep inside I
have to admit that I do want to." he admitted to her.
	"Do you love her?" she asked him, a sadness forming in her eyes.
	"I care for you both.  Please, don't force me to choose between you, yet." he pleaded.
	"I waited this long." she said putting her arms around him and cradling his head.
	"Just let me hold you, I want to feel you next to me." she sighed.

Swirling light, faded voices, and a feeling of love that aways was...

	The waves of the beach rolled in and the smell of the salty sea wafted on the wind.
Aeka stood near where Tenchi and Ryoko sat on their first date together.  The space pirate was
in a two piece swimsuit that left little to the imagination and everytime Tenchi looked at her
he seemed to blush furiously.
	"Do you want to go swimming, Tenchi." she asked him.
	"Sure." he said.
	Hand in hand the two walked out into the surf and started swimming out into deeper
water.  Tenchi was paddling along when he noticed that Ryoko was missing.  He called her name
but she was nowhere to be found.  Slowly, she emerged from the water behind him and tapped him
on the shoulder.
	"Tenchi, would you kiss me?  You never kissed me before." she asked.
	Tenchi blushed and swam over to her.  "It wouldn't hurt, I guess." he said more to
himself than to Ryoko.
	Tenchi accepted her embrass and they two met in a kiss.  Her lips were as soft was the
finest silk and her touch was warm and inviting.  He felt as if he would stay like this
forever.  Slowly, he found himself kissing her down her neck, and Ryoko was shivering at the
touch of his lips her on skin.  She was starting to untie the knottt that held the top of her
swinsuit on when he realized what it was he was doing and pulled away.
	"Ryoko, I can't do this." he said.
	"What's wrong?" she asked him.
	"Its not right, its not fair to Aeka." he said.
	"You love her then." she said, almost pouting.
	"I care for both of you.  Its just I am not ready to take things this far yet." he told
her.
	"I'm sorry, this is my fault." she said.
	"No, its not.  Its me.  But, I have to admit to you that if I didn't stop myself I..."
he tried to say but she put a finger to lips.
	"As much as I wanted you to, I couldn't live myself if I allows you to do something we
might both have regretted." she said.
	"Thank you for understanding." he said.
	"Its because I love you." she said before kissing him.

	White light faded into the familiar surroundings of the Masaki shrine.  Tenchi found
himself on the floor and he felt so weak.  To his surprise both Aeke and Ryoko were there and
they together helped him to his feet.  In his mind he could feel them, their love radiating
strengh to him, and between them he felt, not love, but a new understanding and respect.  He
looked at them for a moment, his legs were weak, and he leaned heavily on their arms.  In turn
the two women kissed him on the lips and they held each other.  The power of the bond filled
him with joy, and he felt strengh flowing back into his body from their love.  
	-- I love you. -- he thought to them.
	-- We love you, too.  -- they thought back in reply.
	-- This will take some getting used to.  -- Ryoko thought.
	-- Don't you have a link with your mother? -- Aeka thought the question.
	-- Its just telepathic, but this is totally different.  -- Ryoko thought.
	-- I see you standing there, but I can feel you inside of me. -- Tenchi thought.
	-- A little bit of ourselves is now a part of each other. -- Aeka thought.
	-- I like this feeling.  -- he thought and held them tighter.
	-- So do I. -- Ryoko thought.
	-- How will Sasami, dad, and grandpa take this?" he thought to them.
	-- We will need to take this a day at a time, Lord Tenchi.  -- Aeka thought back.
	-- I can just imagine what your dad will think. -- Ryoko thought.
	Tenchi chuckled as a image of his dad running from the girls in horror entered his mind.
It was the day he tried to sneak a camera into the onsen when they were bathing.
	-- My dad can act like a pervert sometimes, but he wasn't always like that.  -- he
thought.
	--Thank goodness. -- Aeka thought and rolled her eyes.
	Tenchi looked at his watch and was surprised to see that three hours had gone by.  "Its
late we'd better get home." he said.
	"Can we stay with you tonight." Aeka asked.
	"Nothing...dirty or anything, just all of us together." Ryoko added.
	"I would like that." he said, and he kissed them again.

	The three returned to the house and quietly made their way upstairs.  Tenchi opened the
door to his bedroom for his two...wives...and walked in after them.  They all layed down on the
bed together, Aeka on one side, and Ryoko on the other.  He hold him and they laid their heads
on his shoulders.  They felt the warmth of each other's love roll over them, and then slowly
drifted off to blissful sleep.

	Washu watched the three enter the house and sighed.  She could feel from her telepathic
link with her daughter that they did indeed make the bond. -Tenchi, I hope you know what your
doing.-  She looked up into the night sky and tried to see if she could spot the first sign of
the alien space craft that was coming down.  She tracked it making low orbits over the surface
of the planet as if scanning for something.  It was then that she activated her signal beacon
and the ship changed its course for their region of Japan.  Now all she had to do was wait for
it to show up...and then what?
	The air was still with only a slight breeze, and this kept the night air from being too
cold.  Washu continued to search the sky when suddenly the wind began to pick up.  A low
humming noise filled the air behind her.  She wirled around to see the space craft from the
quantum rift slowly drifting down into the forest beyond the lake.  The ship had been very
silent and didn't appear to have any means of rocket-like thrust what so ever.  Washu put her
hands out and summoned her holopad.  The strange energy signature coming from the ship was
still uncannily similar to that belonging to Ryoko's gems.  -If her gems are magic, then that
must mean....-

	Kryton scanned the forest and surrounding area very careful.  This region was not very
densly populated which would mena his landing would not go noticed.  The ion beacon that he
had locked onto was at this location.  There was dwelling on the otherside of the lake of
water.  Ever since he has emerged from the quantum rift he had been searching for anything
that denoted advanced technology.  That beacon signal was the first he detected on the entire
plaent since his arrival.
	Prince Orrin was gravely injured during the passage through the rift.  He had been
violently thrown about the bridge and this resulted in multiple broken bones and a fractured
skull.  Kryton himself has not made the passage unharmed either, and unfortunately one of the
systems effected was the regeneration tank in the med lab.  All that was keeping Orrin alive
now was a statis chamber.
	After landing, a mass of material began to form on the ceiling of the bridge into a large
grep droplet like water.  The droplet fell to the desk below and started to take on a different
shape.  Slowly, the grey mass started to take on humanoid form.  Soon, a five foot tall, grey
humanoid stood on the bridge.  His face was human like except for his slightly pushed in nose
and his ears ran flat up against his head.  Kryton looked at himself in his new form and 
nodded.  "This avitar have to do, I guess." he said out loud.
	His shipside sensors detected the presence of a few lifeforms nearby.  They were all
humanoid lifeforms, and one of them appeared to possess an ethereal signature.  One was an 
inorganic life form, and one appeared to perhaps be a child.  Altogether he was detecting
a total of nine life forms.  All but one of the life forms were in a primitive dwelling that
was built near the lake.  The one humanoid had an odd energy signature that was almost like
an ethereal signature but was just slightly off.  It was also a female from what he could
tell.  She was walked through the forest of trees and was heading for where he landed.  She
appeared to be the source of the beacon signal.
	Kryton talked across the deck and phased through the hull.  He emerged outside his space
craft self and looked around.  The winter season was coming to this region of the planet and
the air was a brisk 35 degreees.  Kryton did not feel discomfort from the cold since he was
just a machine, but his mind was very much a little thing.  
	His sharp eyes spotted the lifeform as it approached the landing sight.  She was human-
oid with long, spiked red hair.  Stood no taller than his avitar did and she appeared to no
more than perhaps 12 years old.  Her unusual energy signature grew stronger as she walked up
to him without showing any sign of fear or surprise.  He looked at her for a moment wondering
what she would do next, but before he could say anything she spoke up first.
	"Hello, welcome to Earth." she smiled at him.
	-Earth.  That name is in my databanks somewhere.-
	"Thankyou.  My name is Kryton, what is yours?" he asked her.
	"I'm Washu, but you can called me Little Washu." she said.
	"Tell me, do you possess any medical facilities nearby, Little Washu." he asked.
	"In my lab.  Do you have wounded on board?" she asked with concern.
	"There is only one person onboard, and he is severly injured." he replied.
	-Better not tell her who he is.  Don't know if I trust her or not.-
	"I have a cellular generation tank in my lab." she said.
	-Thank the gods!  Someone with descent technology.-
	"We haven't much time, please take us there." he said.
	With that the stasis chamber that held Orrin phased through the hull of the ship and landed on the ground next to them.  Washu looked inside and almost gasped him shock.  It was 
not the extent of his injuries that caused her to gasp.  It was the fact that this man, who she 
knew was not him, looked exactly like her husband who left her over 20,000 years ago.  Kryton 
as not certain why she reacted this way but though it might be out of concern for his master's
severe injuries.  Washu lead Kryton to the house as he pushed Orrin's floating stasis chamber
behind her.	
__________
Chapter 3 - The Visitor

	The light of the morning sun shown on Sasami's face and its warmth woke her up.  She
looked over to her sister's bed and was surprise to find it empty.  In fact, it had never been
slept in.  She climbed out of bed and remembered the love letter from Tenchi that Aeka found
last night.  She decided to try and make a very nice breakfast for them all today because this
was going to be a very emotional day.  She could just imagine Ryoko's reaction to Tenchi
informing the family of his decision.  A fight could break out between Aeka and Ryoko over him,
but she was not sure what would happen.  She quietly dressed.  Ryu-Ohki woke up and streched
on her bed.  She was in her cabbit form and yawned a great yawn.
	"Good morning, Ryu-Ohki." Sasami said.
	"Miya, miya." Ryu-Ohki meowed back.
	"Wanna help me in the kitchen?" she asked the cabbit.
	"Miyya!" Ryu-Ohki meowed as she leapt up onto Sasami's head.
	"Thanks."

	Downstairs Noboyuki and Khyone were already awake.  They were sitting on the couch
talking about the weather while a weather news report was displayed on the television.  The
anchorman suddenly appeared on the screen with the message "late breaking news" flying across
the screen.

	"This just in!  Air Force radar this morning at about 3am detected an unidentified flying
object over Japan.  Sources say it was moving at an incredible speed and it dropped off radar
some fifty miles south of Tokyo.  There have been no eyewitness sightings of the supposed UFO
but we will keep our eyes on this story and keep you posted with all late breaking updates."
	
	"I wonder what that is all about?" Noboyuki said.
	"Mihoshi and I better look into this later." Khyone said.
	"Could there be danger." he asked her.
	"I don't know, but we can't be too careful." she said.
	"Good morning, Noboyuki.  Khyone." Sasami said.
	"Good morning to you, Sasami.  Your looking lovelier than usual this morning." Noboyuki
said.
	Sasami giggled and blushed at the compliment.  "Oh stop that!  Your making me blush."
	"Sasami, did you hear anything unusual last night?" Khyone asked.
	"No, why?" Sasami replied.
	"It might be nothing." she said.
	"Ok.  I'll be in the kitchen getting breakfast ready." Sasami called behind her.

	Ryoko was the first one to wake up.  She sighed when she felt Tenchi's arms around her
waist and knew for certain that the night before had not been a dream.  She looked up at his
face which was a mask of serenity as he slept.  Aeka lay on the other side in the same position
and was still out like a light.  In her mind she saw flashes of images and tidbits of sound
from their dreams.  The bond was present even during sleep.  She slowly climbed out of bed as
not to wake them and phased down through the floor into the living room.  Tenchi's father and
Khyone were sitting on the couch watching TV.  The sound of pots and pans in the kitchen told
her that Sasami was up and working on breakfast.
	-- Don't say anything.  Wait until we all get together for breakfast. -- she heard
Tenchi's thoughts.
	-- My lips are sealed. -- she thought back.
	-- Good girl. -- he thought in reply.

	Tenchi had not even moved from his position and didn't want to disturb Aeka from her
sleep.  She looked so beautiful as she lay there in his arms.  Before he could ease her down to the bed she opened her eyes and looked up into his.  Her lavender eyes denoted pure joy at the
sight of his face.  She smiled up at him and rested her head back down on his shoulder as she
adsently rubbed her hand down her chest.
	-- Good morning. -- she thought.
	-- Did I wake you? -- he thought.
	-- No.  But, I would not have minded it. -- she though in reply.
	She turned her face up and accepted his kiss, then they climbed out of bed.  They walked
down the stairs one after the other and tried not to act out of the ordinary so they would not
give too much away.  Ryoko even took up her customary postion behind him and rapped her arms
around him.
	"Good morning, Tenchi." she whispered into his ear.
	"Ryoko, Lord Tenchi only just woke up.  Must you?" Aeka scolded her.
	-- Keep up appearances. -- Aeka thought to her.
	-- This will be fun. -- Ryoko thought.
	"Come now, princess.  Afraid you can't compete with my charm and beauty." Ryoko said.
	-- Good one. -- Aeka thought.
	"What?  I am ten times the women you are!" she exclaimed.
	"At least I'm not flat chested!" Ryoko shot back.
	-- Hey now? -- Aeka thought loudly.
	-- Sorry. -- Ryoko thought back.
	"How dare you degrade me like this in front of Lord Tenchi!" Aeka shouted.
	"I hardly have to, you do a perfect job of that yourself!" Ryoko shouted.
	-- Not bad.  Try this one. -- Aeka thought with a laugh.
	"Lord Tenchi would never fall in love with a she-devil like you!" Aeka shouted.
	"Those sound like fighting words." Ryoko said as she took a combat stance.
	"Grrrr." Aeka growled in her own stance.
	"Grrrr." Ryoko growled back with sparks flying from her eyes.
	-- You two are enjoying this way too much. -- Tenchi thought to them.
	-- Does this mean we get one those Academy Awards? -- thought Aeka jokingly.
	"Oh, please don't fight you two!" Mihoshi cried as she ran up between them.
	"OK." the two said suddenly.  Mihoshi and Tenchi hit the floor totally stunned.
	In their minds the two women giggled like school girls.
	-- I've created a pair of monsters. -- Tenchi thought.

	Kryton walked around the spacious subspace lab that Washu created and was recording
everything he saw.  This was the most impressive show of advanced technology and understanding
of advanced quantum mechanics he had ever seen second only to Etherealology.  Washu had given
him the tour of the facilities after depositing Orrin in the regeneration tank so his wounds
could be mended.  Washu commented that Kryton had gotten him into the stasis chamber just in
time becasue the wounds he suffered were very serious.  The regeneration tank would sustain him
and regenerate his injuries, but it would take nearly a day to do so.
	Washu heard a knock at her door and Tenchi's voice saying that breakfast was ready.
	"Do you eat, Kryton?" she asked.
	"No, Little Washu.  I am a synthetic lifeform and I have no need for food.  Thank you
anyway." he said.
	"Well, join us anyway.  The other's might want to meet you." she said.
	"Perhaps I should remain and monitor Lord Orrin's vitals." he said.
	"He'll be fine.  Come on." she told him.
	"As you wish, madam." he said giving in.

	Everyone at the breakfast table was stunned to see Washu's companion.  He was a short,
humanoid with grey skin that seemed almost metalic.  He had no hair, and except for the 
strange nose and flat ears his face appeared almost human.  They all noticed that his eyes
had a stronge golden glow about them.  He looked all around the house as if examining 
everthing within sight, which is exactly what he was doing.
	"Who's your pale friend, mom?" Ryoko asked in a whisper.
	"As far as I understand he's a probe." Washu said.
	"An avitar to be exact." Kryton said.
	"Where did you come from?" Sasami asked him.
	"He landed by the lake last night." Washu said.
	"That was your ship radar detected last night." Khyone said.
	"Actuall, I am the ship that landed last night." Kryton replied.
	Everyone but Washu looked at him a bit wide eyed.
	"What your looking at his just an avitar I use to communicate with the outside world."
Kryton said gesturing to himself.  "I am the main computer on the space craft."
	"Wow, that's amazing." Mihoshi said.
	"Ryu-Ohki here is a spaceship too." Sasami said petting the cabbit who was now munching
away at a carrot.
	"That would explain the strange sensor readings I am getting from her." said Kryton.
	
	Breakfast was nearly finished and everyone was about to go their seperate ways in the
house.  Tenchi felt from his two loves that it was time they told the family about what they
did.  He himself apprehension, but he received the mental equivolent of a hug and kiss from his
two loves when they felt his distress.  He was reassured by their presence and his courage
climbed a bit.  Slowly everyone was starting to get up from the table when he called for them
to stay.
	"What's up Tenchi?" Khyone asked.
	"I have a little announcement to make." he said.
	"Oh, what would that be?" asked Yosho.
	"I just want you all to please try and stay as calm as possible and try not to freak out
after I tell you." he said.
	"Well, what is it, son?" asked Noboyuki.  His curiosity was getting the better of him.
	Tenchi took a deep breath and he felt Ryoko's hand on his shoulder.  The strange way the
two women were acting now as they sat next to Tenchi was starting to become apparent to the
rest of them.  Aeka reached out and took his hand.  Ryoko took his other hand.  This get the
group's attentiion very quickly.  Sasami seemed to be the most surprised as she looked at the
three of them with wide eyes.
	"Go ahead, dear, you can tell them." Aeka whispered.
	"We're here for you." Ryoko also whispered.
	"Tenchi, what is this about?" Yosho asked with concern in his face.
	"Everyone, what I going to tell you is going to be hard for you to understand but you
must know that I came to this decision on my own." he said.
	After a long pause he spoke again.  "Last night Ryoko, Aeka, and myself became husband
and wives."
	
	Khyone had been taking a sip of her tea, but now it came out in a furious spray when she
heard Tenchi's words.  Everyone else but Washu was looking at the three with immense shock on
their faces.  Sasami looked at Aeka searching for something on her big sister's face that
might tell her how this could be.  She saw the love letter Tenchi wrote her last night.  How
did this happen?
	Noboyuki leaped up from the table and started shacking Tenchi's hand vigorously.  Tears
were streaming down his father's face.  "Well done, Tenchi!  You've finally become a man!  Your
mother would be so, so, so proud on this day!"
	"You got married?" asked Khyone in a voice that seemed slightly disappointed.  "To both
of them?"
	"Who performed your wedding rites?" Yosho asked with his arms crossed.
	"There were none.  We're married through an ancient Juraian ritual called the Great
Bond." Aeka answered.
	Yosho jumped to his feet and seemed angry for a moment.  His fists were clenched for a 
few seconds, but then he relazed.  He closed his eyes to compose himself, and then he looked at
three of them.  "Tenchi, why didn't you come to me before doing this?" he asked.
	"I thought you might not approve." Tenchi said.
	"Tenchi, I think both Aeka and Ryoko are both fine choices, but you should have come to
me first." Yosho replied as he sat back down.
	"I'm sorry, grandpa." Tenchi said.
	"What's the Great Bond?" Noboyuki asked looking at Yosho.
	"Its an ancient ritual of bonding used by the Royal Family of Jurai.  The people who bond
can share thoughts, dreams, and emotions.  You become a part of the person with whom you bond,
and they become a part of you.  Its deeper than a simple telepathic link...their souls are now
one with each other.  Under the laws of Jurai they are now married."  Yosho answered him.
	"But, the love letter you wrote to Aeka?" Sasami asked looking at Tenchi.
	"I wrote one to Ryoko too." he said.
	"Why both of them?" Khyone asked.
	"I fell in love with both of them and I couldn't bring myself to choose between them
because I would end up breaking the other person's heart." he said.
	"Wait!  How did you accomplish this without a Jurai tree?" asked Yosho.
	It was then at he noticed Washu slowly tiptoeing away from the breakfast table.  She 
nearly to the door of her lab when Yosho cleared his throat.  She turned to see him looking
sternly at her.
	"I might have known." he said.
	"He came to me for help, so I gave it to him." she said.
	"And you didn't come to me to let me know." Yosho said.
	"I thought Tenchi would rather keep it a secret until he was ready to let everyone know."
she replied.
	"Hmpf.  I see." Yosho said.
	"Don't be angry at Washu, grandpa.  This was all my idea." Tenchi said.
	"So, is this thing like forever or something?" Mihoshi asked.
	"Yes." Ryoko said.
	"How are you going to handle stuff like intimacy?" Noboyuki asked his son.
	Sasami blushed furiously.  "Dad!  We have a little girl at the table!"
	"Sorry, Sasami." he said.
	"To answer your question, Ryoko and I did come to an agreement on that." Aeka said.
	"It was more like a short talk." Ryoko commented.
	"Either way, there are going to be some changes around here." Tenchi said.
	Khyone sighed and looked at Tenchi.  She secretly had a crush on the young man and knew
she couldn't have stood a chance against Aeka and Ryoko.  Tenchi returned her gaze and she saw
understanding in his eyes.  -He knows.  How did he know.  I never told him how I felt.-

	Kryton walked around the Masaki household on a mission to collect as much data as
possible about his surroundings.  His databanks had an infinite storage capacity so he took
every sight, sound, and smell in.  He found something very interesting sitting on the coffee
table.  It was a translucent square shaped object that appeared to be radiating a strange
energy signature.  He picked it up and his hands accidently shifted one side of it as if it
were some kind of puzzle toy.  The square pulsed for a second and suddenly something pink flew
out of it and landed on his head.
	"I've been looking for those!" Mihoshi said as she grabbed the control cube and pink
panties from Kryton.  "Thank you." she called behind her as she raced off.
	"Your welcome, I think." was all he could say.
	
	It was later that morning that Tenchi went to each of the other women in his life because
he knew it had to be done.  He walked into the living room where Khyone was sitting watching
TV while everyone else was elsewhere in the house doing their own thing.  He sat down next to
her and he noticed tears in his eyes.  "How long did you know?" she asked.
	"For a while now." he said.
	"I never told you how I felt about you." she said.
	"You didn't have to, your eyes betrayed your emotions.  Grandpa used to tell me that the
eyes are windows to the soul." he said.
	"I should have known I couldn't hide anything from you." she replied.
	"I broke your heart, but I hope we can still be friends." he said turning to her.
	"I'd be a pretty shallow person if I let this get in our way of being just friends." she
said wiping away the tears.
	"I think your a beautiful person.  You'll make someone very happy one day." Tenchi said.
	"That means a lot to me coming from you." she said.
	Tenchi reached out and hugged her close.  "I'm happy for you, Tenchi." she said.
	"That means a lot to me, coming from you too." he replied.

	In her lab Washu went to work on finding a way to close the quanton rift.  She dealt
with these sorts of things before, and she set to work to close it.  She typed a sequence into
her holocomputer and smiled to herself.  Several instruments in her lab came to life and 
started humming.
	"That should take care of that." she said.
	Robot Washu A and B popped up on either shoulder suddenly.  "Washu is the greatest.
Washu is a genius.  You can do it Washu."
	Slowly the rift began to close.  Washu watched the maw diminishing and smiled to herself
again.  "I am good aren't I?"
	Suddenly, alarms began to go off.  The humming instruments in her lab began to labor and
skip.  Washu checked her sensors and witnessed the impossible happening in front of her.  The
rift was growing larger, and something was making it happen.  It was then that a sudden and 
powerful way of irrational terror filled her mind.  Washu screamed and leaped up from her
floating chair.  She ran across her lab in terror away from the image of the rift and hid her-
self behind one of her machines.  She huddled there for while as the fear subsided slowly.  She
never felt terror the way she did a moment ago, and she never failed like this before either.
Washu looked back at the image of the rift as it returned to its original size and a feeling of
dread overcame her.  "What is wrong with me?"

	Kryton was exploring the kitchen with interest.  There were all sorts of strange alien
devices here and all of them seemed to be designed for the perparation of food.  He came to sink and turned it on.  At least they have plumbing, he thought.  It was then at he accidently
knocked the top of a small bottle into the drain of the sink.  Kryton reached his hand down
into the drain to get it out or risk clogging up the pipes.  When he got his fingers around the
cap he accidently flipped the switch that turned on the grabage disposal.  There came a loud
sickening sound like tin foil being run through a lawn mower.
	Sasami rushed in at the sound and turned it off.  It took Kryton a few tries to pull his
severly crumped hand out of the drain with the cab still held firm.
	"Oh, my God!  Are you Ok?  Do you need me to get Washu?" she asked him.
	"No, I'll be fine." he said as his hand began to morph back to normal.
	"That was neat!  But, be careful next time, ok." she told him as she ran off.

	Mihoshi had been sitting in the small greenhouse that Tenchi built that summer for Aeka
to grow her flowers during the winter, and also for Ryu-Ohki to have fresh carrots too.  She
was looking at all the beautiful blossoms, some were Juraian flowers, and was still amazed by
what had taken place this morning.  She was crying softly to herself because she loved Tenchi
very much, but had been afraid to show it.  She was wasn't afraid that he didn't love her back,
she was afraid of what Aeka and Ryoko would do to her if they found out how she felt.
	She looked up to Tenchi looking at her in concern.  He was worried about the blonde
Galaxy Policewoman because he sensed a long time ago she like him.  Everytime she had a chance
she was there with her arms around him.  She took advantage of certain situations to latch onto
him innocently, but he felt her fingers soft message him as she held him.
	"Mihoshi." he said.
	"I-I-I'm in love with you Tenchi." she cried.
	"Please don't cry." he said kneeling down beside her.
	"I can't help it." she sobbed.
  	Aeka and Ryoko responded to Tenchi's feeling of sadness at that moment and walked up to 
the entrace of the greenhouse.  They was him kneeling next to Mihoshi who was sobbing into her
hands.  Both women stopped and just watched.  They heard Mihoshi's confession of love for him.
	"I'm sorry I hurt you." he said.
	"Its not your fault, I couldn't possibly have competed with Aeka and Ryoko.  They are so
much prettier than I am." she cried.
	"Don't say that, you are one of the most beautiful women I have ever laid my eyes on.
But, I think your real beauty is who you are on the inside." Tenchi told her.
	"Really?" she asked, her tears forgotten now.
	"Yes, and I think that one day you will make some lucky guy very happy." he told her.
	"Oh, Tenchi, that's so sweet!" she exclaimed as she hugged him, squeezing the air out
of him.
	"Your welcome, Mihoshi." he said gasping for air.

	The onsen was an interesting and safe place to explore and collect information, or at
least that is what Kryton thought.  The huge olympic-sized bathing pool was inside another one
of Washu's subspace pockets.  This was a very interesting technique and it is what was used to
make his internal compartments larger than his outside.  He was walking along when his foot hit
something on the floor.  The bar of soap he stepped on went flying across the room and he went
flying towards the floor.  With a thud he landed on his head and rolled over into the water
with a loud splash.
	Kryton popped his head out of the water and hoped nobody was around to see what just
happed.  If he were capable of it he would have been blushing.  This was not one of his better
days.

	Sasami sat in her and Aeka bedroom alone.  She was petting Ryu-Ohki who was taking a 
little nap in her lap.  She was sniffling and tiny tears were rolling down her eyes.  The
impact of what had happened had hit her worse than any of the other girls.  Tenchi knocked on 
the door, which was open, and walked in.  Aeka followed after him and she smiled as he sat next
to the little girl.
	"Why are you crying?" he asked her.
	"I don't know." she said.
	"Is it because of what I told everyone today?" he asked.
	"A little." she admitted.
	"Talk to me, Sasami.  Tell me what's in your heart." he pleaded.
	"Oh.  Tenchi, I-I-I have a crush on you.  Ok." she said blushing.
	"Sasami." Aeka said in surprise.
	"Don't be ashamed." he said.
	Ryoko came to the door in time to hear what Sasami said.
	-- Sasami was in love with Tenchi.  Now that explains a few things.  -- she thought.
	-- Yes, but how much of it is her and how much of it is Tsunami. -- Aeka thought.
	"I think its the part of me that is shared with Tsunami." Sasami said.
	"I never realized she felt that way about me." Tenchi said in surprise.
	"It started during the battle with Kagato, you know, when you died." she replied.
	"Yes, I met Tsunami then." he said.
	"Aeka, please don't be mad at me." Sasami said when she looked at her sister.
	"Sasami, I could never be angry with you." she replied.
	Tenchi hugged the little girl then and her tears subsided.  Ryu-Ohki sat up and meowed
a question at Ryoko.
	Ryoko blushed furiously all of a sudden.
	"What did she say?" Tenchi asked.
	"She wants to know if this means we're going to have babies in the house again." answered
Ryoko.  The three suddenly shared an a memory of Tenchi's baby cousin flipping Ryu-Ohki around
by the ears like a rag doll.  The three chuckled at the scene.
	Aeka blushed at the idea of having a baby.  That was something that she hadn't 
thought about or even discussed with Ryoko and Tenchi.
	"Um.  We'll deal with that one when it happens." Tenchi said.
	Sasami's eyes brightened up suddenly.  "Oh, Aeka!  Does that mean that you might one day
have a baby?"
	Aeka blushed again even more furiously than before.  "Maybe, if Lord Tenchi is willing."
	"Hey, he's married to me too you know!" Ryoko yelled.
	"Lets not have anymore of that.  I'm in love with both of you, remember." he said.
	"I think this discussion is best left until we can all be alone." Aeka said.
	"I can't wait to be an aunt one day." Sasami said cheerfully.
	"Tell you what, short stuff.  When that time comes we'll all three will make sure your 
the first one to know." Ryoko told her.
	"Oh, thank you.  I love all of you." she said.
	"And we love you too." Aeka told her.
	
	"Lord Tenchi." came a voice from the door.  It was Kryton.
	"Little Washu wants to see you in her lab, its important." he said.
	"She probably wants more samples." he breathed.
	"I'm afraid she has something very serious to discuss with you, sire." Kryton said.
	"Tell her I'll be down in he minute." Tenchi said with some concern.
	-- Something's wrong.  Mom is worried about something.  I can feel it. -- Ryoko thought.
	
	Kryton and Tenchi went into Washu's subspace lab together.  The red headed genius was
sitting at her holocomputer typing away.  She turned around as they walked in and Tenchi could
not help but we the worry in her face.  No, not worry...fear.
	"Tenchi, I'm so glad you came." she said.
	The scientist ran over to him, put her arms around him.  She was physically shivering.
	"What's wrong Washu, this isn't like you." he said.
	"Its because I'm scared, Tenchi.  For the first time I am scared to death." she said.

	A long time passed as Washu explained the situation of the quantum rift and its effect on
the moon.  She explained in the simpliest way she could what was happening and what was going
to happen.  All the while he see her shacking in fear.  What he heard was enough to panic most
people and he could tell she wasn't telling him everything.
	"How long do we have?" Tenchi asked in a grave voice.
	"The moon's orbit will be shifted enough to make it crash into the Earth in about ten
days or so." she replied.
	"How long did you know about this?" he asked her turning her to face him.
	"Since last night." she whispered.
	"Why didn't you say something!" he shouted at her.
	"I wanted to double check my readings first." she said.
	"There is more, isn't there.  Tell me." he demanded.
	"I-I-I-I can't close the rift!  Nothing is working!" she cried.
	"Your the greatest genius in the universe, what do you mean you can't close it?" he asked
her with great concern.
	Washu buryed her face into Tenchi's chest and started weeping.  He has never seen her act
like this and the sight of the greatest scientific mind in the universe breaking down like this
was terrifying.  "Tenchi I'm scared!  I can feel an evil force at work and its more powerful
than anything I've ever felt before!  Its counteracting all my attempts!" she sobbed.
	-- Ryoko, Aeka, get down here!  We have big trouble! -- he thought strongly.
	-- We're on our way! -- Ryoko thought back.
	"This mean, I assume, that my accident in my dimension is not the cause behind this."
Kryton said.
	Washu conposed herself and looked up at the avitar.  "That's right.  There is something else is at work here."
	"I may have insights into what this evil is, but I need to consult with Lord Orrin before
making unnecesary assumptions." Kryton said.
	"Oh, he's in the regeneration tank.  When will he be ready to come out?" Tenchi asked.
	"From the speed that he is healing, I would say only an hour or so." Washu said.

	Ryoko and Aeka burst into the lab to see Tenchi standing with Washu.  His hands were on her shoulders and he was holding her close to him.  Tear streaks were running down her face and
she appeared to be physically shaking.  Her face was a mask of both frustration and fear.
	"What's going on here, mo-om?" Ryoko asked with her hands on her hips.
	Aeka looked past them and saw the holodisplay of the swirling maw that looked for all the
world like a black hole.  To one side of the swirling mass was an image of the planet Earth
and the moon.  A simulation was repeating over and over of the moon hitting the Earth.
	"Lord Tenchi, what is that?" she asked.
	"The instrument of our destruction." he replied.
____________________
End of Chapter three...

If you enjoyed this fan fic please send me an email to zorch@the-zorch.com, subject line
"TM Fan Fic".  Coming up next in The Dark Lord of Jurai Saga, Episode One: Chapter 4 - Orrin
Awakens, and Chapter 5 - Hello Sakuya.
