This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  Kurigaishi 
(repeat)! The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and 
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote the 
storyline to "The Dark Jurai".

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 3 - "Plan and Preparation"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


Ryoko appeared in the springs in the sky and stripped off her clothes.  
She eased herself into the hot water and let her mind drift.

<What was that dream about?> Ryoko thought to herself.  <Everyone dear 
to me was killed in it.>  she continued to permit her thought to go 
deeper.  <I hope this dream doesn't come true.  If I lost Tenchi...> she 
paused to think about it <...and my mom, I don't know what I'd do.  I 
love them so much.>

Tenchi finished tending to Ryoko's room and snuck into the Masaki shrine
to get the book.  He read the first page.

"'Beginning exercises...'", Tenchi whispered.  Just then, the door opened.

"There you are, Tenchi." Yosho scared Tenchi.

"GAHH!!!!" Tenchi jumped into the air and hit his head on the ceiling.

"What ever are you doing Tenchi?" Yosho looked at Tenchi's hands.  "Trying
to learn the martial arts, eh?"

"Ah, yeah." Tenchi rubbed the back of his head.  "Well, I..."

"What do I tell you, Tenchi?" Yosho closed his eyes.

"Patience..." Tenchi sighed.

"Yes.  Why do want to look at this book so badly?"

"Because..." Tenchi tried to think of an answer. "I...uh, want to!" Tenchi
blurted.

"I see..." Yosho handed the book to Tenchi.  "Here.  Since you CAN'T read Jurai,
I guess you can look at it." Yosho had a serious look on his face. "What's the matter,
Tenchi?  Do you think I am on to something?"

"AAHHH, NO!" Tenchi got more nervous and shook.

"If you're not up to something, take the book." Yosho assured Tenchi.

"Ah..." Tenchi nodded and ran out the door.  "I can't believe it!"  he muttered to
himself as he ran to a bus stop.  "Now to go to a secure location and begin!" Tenchi
got onto a bus and went to a private gym.



Ryoko still pondered the dream.  After deliberating on it, she swallowed
the decision to talk to her mom.  "Why did it have to come to this?" she
asked herself as she knocked on the lab door.

"It's unlocked" said Washu's voice.

Ryoko walked into the lab. "Mom..." she said in an upset and moan-like voice.

"Because we have a link to each other, I know why you have come to talk to me.  You
can speak freely.  You always can, because now you know that we will always be bonded
by the link." Washu turned at looked at Ryoko with that always calm face.

"Mom"  Ryoko began.  "I had a dream that Tenchi and the others died and I could not do
anything about it.  What do you think is the meaning of the dream?"

"Yuzuha was to the Dark Jurai as Tsunami is to Aeka and the others descended from
Jurai and the royal family.  Now that her energy has disappeared, the Dark Jurai
will come in excess numbers and annihilate everything at the last point her energy
was sensed.  That is why you heard of large numbers of Dark Jurai ships in the
dream."

"What does it all boil down to?" Ryoko asked.

"In a nutshell," Washu exhaled.  "The Dark Jurai last sensed Yuzuha's energy on Earth.
When the Dark Jurai gather enough ships, they will come to Earth and destroy us all."

"Why didn't you tell us this when Tenchi and I went to the Dark Jurai tree's domain?"
Ryoko became angry with Washu.  "I don't want to be killed 116,000 times over by
58,000 Jurai ships!"

"And add that 28,000 extra in the rest of the solar system to kill 56,000 more times over."
Washu replied.  "I did what I did out of love for Mayuka.  I was thinking only of that at
the time and I didn't think of the consequences at the time."

"That isn't like you." Ryoko commented.

"We were all confused at that time." Washu countered. "We all loved Mayuka and
didn't want her to die.  We weren't perfect in the way of saving one and
sacrificing an entire planet, maybe a race or two as well, in her place."

"You are not making sense" Ryoko said.

"The link carries emotions as well as thoughts and memories" Washu pointed out.
"I feel a lot of what you feel.  You felt bad when you watched those people die."
Washu had a melancholy / happy-like smile on her face.  "You do have good in you."

"If this is all correct!..." Ryoko exclaimed. "Then we better get the gang
together and prepare!"

"Right" Washu nodded.  "We'll gather everyone at dinnertime."


Meanwhile, Tenchi trained by reading the Dark Jurai book.

"'How to detect ki (life eneregy)...'" Tenchi read.  "'First,
focus your mind and picture yourself in a clear enviornment.'
Okay, whatever..." Tenchi frowned slightly in disbelief.
"Better try it anyways, it's almost closing time."  Tenchi closed his
eyes and pictured himself alone in the gymnasium.  Tenchi
saw his current body stance and the gymnasium around him.  The general area
was black with a mist.  He felt ki to the left!  He opened his eyes and
looked where he sensed the ki...but nothing.  There was only some equipment.

"Better try one more time."  Tenchi cleared his mind and got the same sense.
But where was the ki?  Tenchi went to look behind some things and there was
a cat.

"NO WAY!" Tenchi gasped in disbelief and excitement, scaring the cat.  "I
ought to try one more exercise and see how that works!  Tenchi flipped to
another excercise.  "Speed inrease ability.  Let's try that!"  Tenchi began
to sweat.  "'Picture yourself as wind and move the feeling to your hips and
below.  During battle, move these feeling to your entire body.'"  Tenchi
decided to do just his legs now.  Tenchi pictured the wind and moved his
legs slowly and progressively moved them faster and faster.  He saw
some padding and ran towards it in hope it would stop him.

The feeling was unbelievable!  Tenchi approached the wall so fast that he ran
plum into the wall and cut himself on the arm despite the thick padding.
It was painful, but this was it!  Tenchi was finally learning something useful!
"Now to apply these day to day!"  Once again Tenchi focused his mind and sensed a man
approaching to the door of the private room.  Tenchi heard the door creak open and actually
saw it open in the mental image in his mind.  All of a sudden, an image of a man appeared
behind Tenchi.  Tenchi opened his eyes, turned around, ran twice as fast a person usually
runs, and threw a punch.

There WAS a man behind Tenchi.  And the punch stopped a couple of inches in front of
the man's nose.

"GEEZ!  What are you doing?!" the man jumped.  "I only came to tell you it's closing
time!" the man walked toward the door.  "Decrease your caffiene intake, kid!" the
door slammed.

Tenchi looked at his arm.  "Wow!..." Tenchi ecstatically exhaled.  "I have never done
anything like this before!"  Tenchi felt new confidence as he looked at his cut arm.  "If
the price of learning the Jurai martial arts is a cut here and there, I will pay it!"
the excitement got to Tenchi's head a little, but fueled a passion he never felt before.
"It's almost dinner time.  Better get home." Tenchi picked up his duffle bag and left the gym.
He inhaled a breath of accomplishment and pride.  A smile accompanied the breath.


Aeka and some others (except Washu) were at the dinner table
wondering what had happened to Tenchi.

"Where is Tenchi?" Aeka asked herself.

"Probably away from you because of your ugly face!" Ryoko commented.

"YOU!!!!!!!" Aeka was ready to fight again.

"Geez!  Calm down you two!" Kiyone intervened.  "He's probably running an errand."

"His miso soup will get cold." Sasami frowned.  "And I made his favorite kind, too."

"Whatever it is, it better be a good reason." Aeka twitched.

The door slid open.  "I'm home!" Tenchi called.

Everyone ran to the door in excitement.

"Welcome home Tenchi...OH! HOW DID YOU CUT YOUR ARM?!?!?" Aeka shrieked.

"Let's say it all happened quckly." Tenchi answered.

"RRRRAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!  WHO HURT YOU!?!?" Ryoko exploded.

"NO ONE!" Tenchi raged.

"Take a chill pill..." Ryoko backed off.  <Where are you, mother?> Ryoko thought.
<We're supposed to be discussing my dream.>

Everyone tended to Tenchi's wound in excess.  Ridicules and little suspicions of
flirting with other women that are dangerous did Tenchi dodge within the
first few minutes of his arrival home.

Yosho came out of the dining area.  "Let's take a look at that arm, Tenchi."

"It's fine."  Tenchi said.  "Just leave it be."

"Are you sure?" Yosho asked again, this time a little more probingly.  "If you
tried to train in anything without me, that cut is the price you paid."  Yosho
stared right through Tenchi.

Tenchi felt the stare, paralyzing him to the core.  It was as if Yosho knew that
Tenchi was training in the Jurai martial arts by himself.

Ryoko had had enough with waiting on Washu.  It was dinnertime, which meant
it was time to eat and discuss the dream to everyone.  If what Washu said
is true, the galaxy and the surrounding ones are at stake.  There was no time
to lose.  Ryoko went to the unlocked lab door.  "Washu!  What are you doing
in there!?" Ryoko opened it.

Washu was typing frantically at a keyboard.  "I'm almost finished!  Give me
about 10 more minutes!" Washu worked harder.  "Tell the others to wait on me!"

"Okay" Ryoko shut the door.  She walked to the dinnner table.  "Everyone, please
listen to me" she began.  "Washu and I discussed this dream I had and I..."

"Don't discuss any sexual dream with us, Ryoko!  Really!" Aeka cut off.

"I WASN'T GOING TO DO THAT!" Ryoko boiled.  "I HAD A DREAM ABOUT THE END OF EARTH
AND WASHU AND I DISCUSSED WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN REAL LIFE!  DO I MAKE MYSELF
CLEAR!?!?!?" Ryoko continued.

"Yes, ma'am" Aeka shriveled back.

"AS I was saying...  I had a dream about the end of Earth.  Everyone was killed
by the Dark Jurai."

"Everyone was killed?  How awful!" Sasami shivered.

"You weren't killed, Sasami.  You were sealed."

"It would be because of Tsunami's power." Aeka touched her lips to keep a gasp in.

"Tenchi had his throat slashed,  Yosho lost the energy of Funaho,  Kiyone was
impaled by a deflected rail,  Aeka had her neck snapped by a kick to the head.
The rest were brutally beaten except Ryo-Ohki, who was also sealed." Ryoko
clarified the deaths so questions wouldn't be asked about everyone's death.

"Wait a minute." Aeka said.  "Why should we believe you?  It was a dream, after
all."

"Because it's one hundred percent possible!" Washu came out of the door.

"About time!" Ryoko muttered.  "I was about to ridiculed to death by a princess
who shall remain nameless!"

"Thanks for waiting." Washu took out a laptop.  "What I am about to tell you will
happpen.  Since you are closest to them, please dim the lights, Nobuyuki."

Nobuyuki turned off the lights.

"Thank you.  As Ryoko may have already told you, she had a dream about the Dark
Jurai attacking the Earth, where they last sensed Yuzuha's energy.  Both races
of Jurai keep track of their very first tree's physical forms, whether it be human
or whatever, by means of ki tracking.  Both races have a declaration that if their
main trees are destroyed, it is an act of hostility by the peoples in the area
nearby.  But also, if the other race of Jurai owns territory in that area, it is
a declaration of war by the opposite race of Jurai."

"That is true." Yosho affirmed.  "It is one of the oldest Jurai laws and has been
unchanged for millenia."

"So that means that since Yuzuha was on Earth, and Earth is in Jurai territory..."
Mihoshi said.

"The Dark Jurai will declare war on the Light Jurai!" Kiyone finished.

"Bingo" Washu nodded her head with a hard nod.

"What are we supposed to do?" Tenchi stood halfway up.

"Prepare!" Washu pinched Tenchi on the cheek. "What else?!"

"How long will it take the Dark Jurai to gather a fleet as large as it was in
my dream?" Ryoko asked.  "A fleet of 86,000 ships."

"It has been six months since we defeated Yuzuha.  To gather a fleet of 100,000
ships of any type takes about ten months to a year." Yosho said.

"So, we have about a month, maybe even less, to prepare" Kiyone estimated.

"But how can the Dark Jurai make that many Jurai ships?" Aeka pounded the table.
"The Light Jurai only have 10,000 ships in their fleet!"

"They cheat." Washu shrugged.

"What?" Aeka's eyes widened in shock.

"They cheat." Washu repeated.  "You know that Jurai trees are slow to reproduce and
are extremely hard to replicate.  The Light Jurai fleet is a result of thousands of
years of natural growth."

"But that doesn't answer my question!" Aeka went on.

"How did Mayuka grow up so fast when Yuzuha made her?  She accelerated her growth!
The Dark Jurai take seeds of Jurai trees and accelerate their growth!  Because I
don't have technology exactly the same as the Dark Jurai, I wasn't able to make Mayuka
the same as she was before Yuzuha destroyed her!"

"Doing things like that are forbidden by a meeting of the Light Jurai counsel." Yosho
spoke out.  "If the Light Jurai government doesn't do something about repealing it very
soon, we are doomed."

"How does the Light Jurai government know that Yuzuha was destroyed?" Tenchi came in to
the conversation.

"The races of Jurai keep track of each other's first trees, of course." Yosho answered.

"And we had to submit a report to Galaxy Police Headquarters." Kiyone added.  "Both the
Light Jurai government and Galaxy Police were watching the whole time.  They weren't
happy Yuzuha was destroyed."

All of a sudden a Jurai ship appeared outside the Masaki residence.

The gang ran outside to meet the Jurai ship's crew.  A young man was transported to the
walkway beside the lake.

When the group met the man, he immeditalely began giving orders.

"Princesses Aeka and Sasami," he began.  "The Emperor Azusa and the Queens of Jurai,
Funaho and Misaki, order your return to Jurai for security reasons.  From Jurai you
will..."

Kiyone and Mihoshi's watches beeped.  When they looked, their eyes widened and ran
to the house.

"As I was saying," the man continued, "The Emperor Azusa and the Queens of Jurai,
Funaho and Misaki, order your return to Jurai for security reasons.  From Jurai you
will be taken to a secure location and remain there until a small conflict is over.
Princes Yosho and Tenchi may remain here and if they have any questions they can
come to Jurai personally and ask the Emperor and Queens directly.  This is a direct
and top priority order."

"Very well." Aeka nodded.  "Sasami, let's go."

"Okay..." Sasami sighed.  The two princesses prepared to board the ship.

"Wait," Yosho cut in before the two left.  "Let me go with you.  How long will it
take to reach Jurai on your ship, young man?"

"One day." the man replied.

"Tenchi, remain here.  I will return in three days.  I trust you will keep the place
maintained that long."  <And please!  Don't cut yourself training again!> he thought
to himself.  Yosho knew Tenchi had learned Jurai from Washu's machine, but wanted
to see if Tenchi could handle it all.  Washu told him the truth when he asked after
Tenchi left to the gym earlier.  Since Tenchi had proven himeself time and again
even though it looked like he was never prepared, Yosho understood and decided
to give him a chance.  But he must first go to Jurai and get all the dirt on this
"small conflict" before he could do anything with Tenchi.  The Dark Jurai were
involved in this and this small conflict was about to get ugly.  Yosho decided to
trust Tenchi this time.

"Right.  Take care, grandpa." Tenchi smiled.  He knew that grandpa knew
something, but didn't entirely know...and knew the Dark Jurai were involved,
too.

In fact, everyone knew...

In an instant, Mihoshi and Kiyone's ships rose out of the lake (Mihoshi came
before Kiyone.  Remember, this is a mix of all the Tenchiverses) and took off
after Kiyone and Mihoshi ran to the lake's shore and were transported to the ships.
The Jurai ship that came to retrieve the princesses left as well after taking
everyone going to Jurai in.

Having a few members of the house gone, the rest of the occupants returned to the
house and found a note by Kiyone and Mihoshi.  It read:

	"Everyone,

		Sorry, but headquarters issued an emergency call.

				Be back soon,

					Mihoshi and Kiyone		"


"Here we go..."  Tenchi sighed.  <Better get back to training...>

End of Chapter 3