This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 7 - "The Beginning of Bloodshed"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


Yosho had made it back to Earth.  But no one was there!
<What happened?,> Yosho thought to himself.  Then he noticed
that there was a fresh square of earth where the house had
been, <I bet more than anything that they have made their way
to Jurai,> Yosho turned around, <Funaho is gone, as well.>
It was a good thing that the Jurai ship that had taken him
back to Earth was still nearby.  The prince boarded the
ship and made his way back to Jurai.  <They were probably
worried about me...,> Yosho shook his head, <Tenchi and
the rest of them must be REALLY worried about me to do
something like this.>


Tenchi took advantage of the roomier interior of Ryo-Ohki
and trained on his trip to Jurai.  Ryoko came in every once
in a while and trained with Tenchi; she was NOT going to be
beaten down again by a Dark Jurai and she wanted to make sure
of that.  Nobuyuki watched them.

Washu finished copying the blueprints of the accelerated
growth technology into her computer(s) and went to watch
Tenchi and Ryoko train.  Mayuka had fallen asleep in Washu's
arms.

Tenchi charged Ryoko and tried to hit her, but Ryoko dodged
the punch even before Tenchi threw it.  Ryoko went behind
Tenchi and put him in a hold.

"How did you know I was going to do that?," Tenchi scratched
his head.

"You're using the same types of strategies and developing
them into a pattern," Ryoko smiled and released Tenchi.

"She's right," Washu backed Ryoko up, "You may know the
personal combat and battle strategies and combinations in
the book...but knowledge is useless without experience."

"Thanks for the encouragement...," Tenchi scowled.

"Hey!," Washu snapped back, "That's the reality of it!
If you don't learn to use different techniques randomly,
you'll end up paying with your life on the battlefield!"
Mayuka got upset, "Look what you did!  You made me get
off into a rant and wake Mayuka up!," Washu rocked Mayuka
and sung to her back to sleep.

"Do what Washu says," Nobuyuki smiled, "If you don't live
and have a grandbaby the REAL WAY for me and your departed
mother, I'll cry because my son will have never truly become
a man!," Nobuyuki then covered his face with his hands and
cried.

Tenchi got a big sweat drop on his head.

"How long until we reach Jurai?," Ryoko asked.

"Nine hours.  It's been three since we departed.  Those new
engine drive components can take Ryo-Ohki up to two times
the speed of the fastest Jurai ships," Washu grinned.

Ryoko's mouth dropped wide open.

"You like my present?," Washu smiled.

Ryoko was still dazed.  Eventually Ryoko got back to her
senses and asked Tenchi to train with her some more.

Tenchi agreed and went back to training with Ryoko. Every
minute of training counted...especially now...


Panic, chaos, and discord were brewing on Jurai.  People
were rushing to and fro to get on ships headed off the planet.
Spaceports were crowded so much that people set up camps to
get in line.  People who couldn't afford fares attempted to
stow themselves away in cargo boxes.  Some were very successful
in getting off the planet without paying.  The ones who didn't
make it were thrown back into the streets.  Some people went
about their daily business and tried to make the best of their
lives before the Dark Jurai came to annihilate them.  People
who were confident they would survive the onslaught were buying
food and supplies.  Some bought weapons to battle the Dark Jurai
at their front doors.  These kinds of Light Juraians were willing
to take a stand to the very end.

Kiyone and Mihoshi arrived in the vicinity of Jurai's orbit. They
were fully rested and nourished and ready to fight the war for
galactic domination.  This war would decide the fate of the Milky
Way and its neighboring galaxies, which the majority of them were
controlled or at least influenced by the Light Juraian Empire. These
galaxies were the "universe" to trillions upon trillions of life
forms, maybe sextillions (yes, sextillion is a real number).  This
"universe" was the one Kagato wanted to control so badly.  The Dark
Jurai would destroy every planet and every trace of civilization on
them in Light Jurai territory and declare victory.

Kiyone went to the bridge of Yagami and contacted Mihoshi on her
ship, "Mihoshi, since we have arrived in the vicinity of Jurai,
we should head down to the surface and maybe help the citizens of
Jurai and keep some order before the fighting starts."

Mihoshi came up on the screen, "Right.  We should do that.  How
much time do we have?"

"About 36 hours and give or take 56 minutes.  Let's make the best
of it."  Kiyone felt something in her pocket and took it out.  After
unfolding and reading a paper attached to their primary orders,
she told Mihoshi what it said, "'Optional activity for Kiyone Makibi
and Mihoshi Kuramitsu:  You are permitted and recommended to escort
the Juraian Emperor and family to safety on the desert planet Sakou.
It is your knowledge and excellent familiarity with the Jurai Royal
Family that is a key factor in helping to communicate with them.
And use any force necessary to assure their safe passage. Yours
truly, the Marshal.  P.S. - I have authorized this without permission
of the top strategists.  I cleverly attached this paper to your orders
so you will not get killed out there.  It will be a very long war, I
predict, so we need the best officers to help win this war.'"

"Grandpa gave us permission to do that?!," Mihoshi did the usual
clapping and jumping.

Kiyone ended the conversation, "If we're permitted to do that, we
should jump on it right away!"

"Right!," Mihoshi turned off the screen.

Little to their knowledge, their conversation was intercepted by
the shadowy figure that had watched them earlier at Galaxy Police
Headquarters.  The figure opened a communications link with the Dark
Jurai fleet commander, "I knew they would be given that task of
protecting the Jurai Royal Family.  For now we'll let them get away.
The plan is to get them confident that they are safe after a couple
of 'near misses' and then..."

The two officers entered Jurai's atmosphere and got clearance to land
at Jurai's Royal Palace.  There they met Ayeka and Sasami along with
Azusa, Funaho, and Misaki.

"Kiyone!  Mihoshi!," Sasami cheered and ran to give them a big hug.
The two officers returned the hug.

Azusa came up to Mihoshi and Kiyone, "I understand you are the best
officers the Galaxy Police can offer.  I trust you will protect us
with the best of your abilities.  It's no surprise that the officers
that protected me and my family before are the ones to protect us
once again," Azusa bowed.

We will lay our lives down if we have to...," Kiyone returned the bow.

Mihoshi bowed as well, "It's our honor-bond duty to protect the ones
we are assigned to protect.  It is also our duty to protect the lives
and property of the galactic community," Mihoshi bowed so far that
she fell over and hit her head.

Everyone let out a laugh as Mihoshi rubbed her now bruised forehead.
Mihoshi eventually got up and laughed about her accident with everyone
else.

"Let's wait a while.  We should wait on Yosho to get back with the
accelerated growth technology plans," Azusa suggested.

"What!?," Kiyone raised an eyebrow, "Why?"

"Because I forgot to tell Yosho where we would be going to ride out
the war," Azusa confessed. 

"Are you sure?  The Dark Jurai will attack at any moment," Kiyone
had a begging tone in her voice.

"Don't worry.  Yosho left a day ago.  If I know that son of mine,
he'll be back in the nick of time.  Since the plans are in quick
reach, he should have gotten them and should be on his way right
now."

"Okay.  We'll wait another 24 hours and then get out of here.
It's a risky move, but if those accelerated growth plans are the
only ones available to the Light Jurai Empire, it probably will
be the only chance to get them," Kiyone thought back to the talk
that everyone had about Ryoko's dream, <The Dark Jurai have the
advantage.  Will we really be safe on Sakou?  It's awfully close
to Light Jurai territory.  The Light Jurai destroyed important
technology and blueprints to help them in time of need...and now
that action may have sealed their fate.  I don't think the Light
Juraian fleet can keep the Dark Jurai away from Sakou because of
sheer numbers,> a million thoughts raced through Kiyone's mind.
Then, a ominous scenario came into Kiyone's mind, "MAYUKA!,"
she gasped loudly.

"WHAT!?," everyone asked simultaneously.

"The Dark Jurai could be after Mayuka!  We have to contact Tenchi
somehow!  If they get Mayuka, they could get Yuzuha's genes and
revive her!," Kiyone began to shake.

"It's all right," Mihoshi grabbed Kiyone's shoulders, "Tenchi
can take care of himself and Mayuka.  And Ryoko and Washu are
there, too."

"Once again, you're right Mihoshi."

"This is something we didn't think about," Funaho grabbed her
chin.

The others worried as well.

But Ayeka took her mind off the possible problem about Mayuka
and concentrated on another: Ryoko was still with Tenchi!  She
thought of Ryoko getting drunk and chasing Tenchi around with
next to nothing on and Tenchi screaming as he ran in sheer
terror.  The thought of it gave Ayeka the creeps.  "Oh, my
poor, sweet Tenchi," she whispered to herself.


Almost all of the nine hours remaining had passed.  Tenchi
and Ryoko had exhausted themselves in training.  And Washu had
taken Mayuka with her to the lab.  Those two were inseparable.
It seemed like Washu was Mayuka's mother (Of course!  No one
could even take care of a baby in the Masaki household except
Washu!).

Ryoko and Tenchi were lying flat on the floor.  They had knocked
themselves out.  They were awakened by an alarm; well...a meow.

"MYAAAAAAA!!," Ryo-Ohki notified that they had arrived in the
vicinity of planet Jurai.

"We've arrived already?," Ryoko stretched, "Good!  I want to
get something to eat!  All that training built up quite an
appetite!,"  Ryoko got a cat's look on her face, "Tenchi?
Don't you want to eat, too?," the tail that one usually sees
on Ryoko darted about quickly.

"Yeah, I could use a meal," Tenchi yawned.

Washu emerged from the lab playing with Mayuka, "We're here!"
Mayuka clapped her hands and cheered.

Tenchi smiled warmly at Mayuka.  Ryoko caught a glance of the
serenity in Tenchi's eyes once again and blushed deeply.

Tenchi caught Ryoko blushing, "Ryoko, what's wrong?"

"AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!  NOTHING!  THETRAININGJUSTMADEMEGETREALLY
HOTSOITCAUSEDMYFACETOTURNRED!!!!!!," Ryoko felt very small as
Tenchi looked at her with a puzzled face.

"Excuse me?," Tenchi's eyes widened, "Talk slower.  I can't
understand you."

A shiver went up Ryoko's spine.  She collected enough breath
to talk, "The training just made me get really hot, so it
caused my face to turn red," Ryoko whimpered as she talked,
"It has really tired me out!"

"Okay.  Just wondering," Tenchi exhaled in relief.

"Go Tenchi!  Making a woman blush is he first step to having
that grandchild of mine!," Nobuyuki went up to Tenchi and
slapped him on the back, "It's a sign!"

"Dad!  You're embarrassing me!," Tenchi yelled.

<Those dirty thoughts again!,> Washu came in telepathically.

<SHUT UP, MOM!  STAY OUT OF MY THOUGHTS!,> Ryoko kept her face
straight this time.

Washu laughed in Ryoko's mind as Ryo-Ohki entered Jurai's
atmosphere.


After receiving clearance to land at the Royal Palace,
everyone got off and a brief reunion took place.  Washu
came out first and gave the plans to the emperor.  Tenchi,
Ryoko, and Nobuyuki followed.

"Tenchi!," Ayeka's eyes glittered.  She ran up to Tenchi and
hugged him, "I thought Ryoko had seduced you by now!"

Ryoko got mad, "HEY!  Tenchi was training so I didn't disturb
him!"

"Yeah, right!," Ayeka laughed, "You downed gallons of sake and
ran after Tenchi with nothing on!"

"No she didn't...," Tenchi shook his head.

"Of course, she did!  Ryoko must have threatened Tenchi with
death if he tattled on her!," she turned and looked at her
family.

"No she didn't...," Washu bluntly commented.

"Look!  You're just as bad as your daughter!  Why should I
believe you!?," Ayeka put her face in front of Washu's.

"Because your breath smells!," Washu turned her head,
"Mayuka's dirty diaper smells better than your breath!"

Misaki got angry and walked slowly toward Washu.

"This is my battle, mother!  Leave me to fight it!," Ayeka
glared at her mother.

Misaki backed off.  But Ayeka was going to pay later.  Washu
was pardoned; she was kind of right about Ayeka's breath.
That, Ayeka would pay for, too; disobeying mother like that!

"Getting back on the subject, Ryoko has been very good these
past several days.  You can ask everyone.  Ryoko wouldn't kill
anyone because all she wants is the approval of Tenchi," Washu
turned around and winked at her daughter, "Because of the link
that we have, I know my daughter better than anyone along with
Ryo-Ohki."

Ryoko nodded in surprise.  Mom had hit the nail right on the
head, <Thanks, mom!,> Ryoko telepathically thanked Washu.

<You should give your poor 20,000 year-old mom more credit!,>
Washu replied, <Don't mention it.>

Ryoko smiled;  Ayeka had been defeated once again.

The group went to eat.  Ayeka and Ryoko cast evil eyes at each
other on the way to the dining hall.  After ten minutes of the
evil eye wars, Misaki caught onto it and cast Ayeka a look that
turned her white.  Ryoko decided to build on this when Misaki
turned her head.

"Princess wussy!," Ryoko whispered as they passed through the
noisy meeting hall on their route to the kitchen, "Mommy's
little baby has Ryo-Ohki breath!"

"Mya?," Ryo-Ohki raised an ear and looked at Ryoko.

"Am not!," Ayeka whispered back harshly.

"Are, too!," Ryoko rolled her eyes back and whistled.

Ayeka summoned the mini Azakas and Kamidakes again.

"Please!," Ryoko shook her head and waved her finger, "You are
getting so predictable!  Really!  Try using something else
besides those logs for a change!  I bet you must be getting tired
of letting them do all your dirty work!  That's what I mean by
'princess wussy'!  Princess Ayeka doesn't have the guts to fight
anyone head on!  If you're mad at me for getting to be with Tenchi,
let out your anger and attack me!  Or is it that you don't want
that delicate face of yours to get uglied up any more?," Ryoko
taunted the angry princess who put away the mini Azakas and
Kamidakes, "That's it!," Ryoko clapped, "Now, hit me with all
you've got!"

Ayeka morphed into her Jurai combat armor and initiated a fight.
Ryoko changed as well and went after Ayeka.  But as both of them
swung their fists at each other, Misaki grabbed both their ears.

"You will not bruise my little Ayeka's face!," Misaki pinched
Ryoko's ear harder, "And you!  You're becoming barbaric right
before your mommy's eyes!," she cried.

"Ryoko started it!," Ayeka bawled.

Ryoko laughed and stuck her tongue out at Ayeka after she put
the pain in her ear out of her mind, <That's mature!,> Ryoko
looked at the bawling Ayeka and shook her head.

Tenchi, as well as the others...didn't pay attention.

After a meal and 12 hours had passed, Yosho arrived on Jurai.


The Dark Jurai fleet was getting impatient and was closing in
on the planet.  They began 12 hours ahead of schedule...  The
fleet was beginning to make a tight spherical formation around
the planet.  But it looked like the fleet was deliberately making
a hole in their large ranks. Then, the attack began...  Dark Jurai
ships made an all-out frontal assault on the Galaxy Police and
Light Juraian ships, destroying a huge number in the first wave
alone.

Down on the surface of Jurai, sirens began to sound.  Some Dark
Juraian vessels had made it through and began attacking the city
around the Royal Palace.

Azaka and Kamidake closed in on Ayeka (they had been guarding Ayeka
though they have not been mentioned up to this point) and the royal
family, "We must go now!," Kamidake directed the emperor and family
to the escape ship (which was Ryu-Oh, Ayeka's ship).

Kiyone and Mihoshi went to their ships while Ryoko, Washu, and
Mayuka went on board Ryo-Ohki.  Tenchi was forced to get on board
the escape ship of the Jurai Royal family.

The ships left Jurai's atmosphere.  The chaos was clear; Galaxy
Police and Light Juraian ships were fighting valiantly but were
slowly being overpowered.

"Mihoshi!  Prepare to enter hyperspace!," Kiyone yelled.

"Roger...AHHH!!!!," a couple of shots hit Mihoshi's ship, "We're
going to die!!!!"  Strangely, the shots did not hit any vital system.

"No you're...!," a couple of shots grazed Yagami, "That was too
close!  Synchronize your engines with mine!  Pilot of the Jurai
Royal Family escape vessel Ryu-Oh, do the same!  The transmitters on
Yagami should give your ship's computers an encoded synchronization
signal!," Kiyone hit a few buttons, "Ryo-Ohki, everyone, synchronize
now!"

"MYAAAA!!!!," several display panels came up and confirmed the
synchronization signal with flashing screens and navigational
maps to the planet Sakou.

"Entering hyperspace in five, four, three, two, one..., NOW!,"
Kiyone's voice became indistinct as the ships entered hyperspace.

One thing was odd about their escape...any Dark Jurai ship that looked
like it would attack either turned around or fired a shot that nearly
missed.

Jurai was captured in ONE day.  The surviving Light Juraian protection
fleet and Galaxy Police ships were forced to retreat.  The Tenchi
gang had escaped the first onslaught of the Dark Jurai.  One thousand
Light Jurai ships were lost that day, one tenth of the Light Jurai's
fleet was lost.  Only 700 Dark Jurai ships were destroyed; a small
price to pay for the invasion of Jurai.  The number of civilian and
military casualties was countless. It looked like the beginning of
the end for the Light Juraian Empire...


End of Chapter 7
