Tenchi Muyo:  The Darkness:  Things Have Changed  
Vol. 1:  Book 1: Chapter 1
Date:  4/13/98
By:  J. Bond

Disclaimer:  I DO NoT OWN THESE CHARACTERS, THEY BELONG TO
AIC/PIONEER.  I DO NOT INTEND TO MAKE MONEY OFF THIS IN ANY
WAY SHAPE OR FORM.  I DO NoT HAVE THE TIME OR THE MONEY FOR A
LAWSUIT - I DO NOT WANT ONE ON MY HANDS ANYWAY.

This is my story, and I'm going to be real ticked if somebody decides to plagiarize
this...SO DON'T!!!!

Author's notes:  This story takes place years in the future.  This is only a small portion of
the intro, but don't worry,  things will start to pick up.  Sorry if you think it's boring so far,
but I have to set up a few things and clear certain things so it doesn't get screwed up later
on.  

FEEDBACK is highly appreciated.  How am I suppose to know if you like it or not?! 
Feel free to ask questions or make comments.  I would like to hear what you have to say
and think about the story, and what you would like to see happen.  PLEASE!  E-mail me
at Ryoko Mas@aol.com.  Thanks for your help, and enjoy!  The next installment should
be coming soon!!!!


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TENCHI MUYO
THE DARKNESS

PROLOGUE
	The Keeper shifted slightly in his imprisonment.  He pulled his shroud of
darkness closer to him, like a child and his blanket.  Blackness surrounded him, and
blackness was all he saw.  But he could feel, their presence.  The Jurians...the ones that
imprisoned him here so long ago...... so, so long ago.  Their power flowed over him; it
held him.  That didn't matter though, he would find a way out.  When that would be,
didn't matter.  The only thing that mattered was that he got out.   
	It was almost time. After years of seeing the infinite possibilities that could have
been the future, it was almost time.  He had spent many centuries watching the strands of
starlight.  The "could have beens," and the "maybe's".  But those didn't matter.  Out of an
infinite amount of possibilities there was only one definite.  One finite existence that
really mattered.  He could see them all.  What could have happened if only this person
had done this and what did happen.
	Now he saw his chance in the complex net that made up the future.  There was
one...a woman in need.  If she were to be saved, it could mean the fall of the house of
Jurai, and his revenge would be complete.  
	The Keeper sat back in his prison.  There was no time or space in his personal
hell, only blackness and possibilities.  For years he had been cultivating his powers,
testing his restraints.  Finding the prison's weaknesses and its strengths.  Now it was time,
time to be free and cause the ultimate downfall of Jurai.
	The Keeper sensed his power surge to life.  The amulet that was the source of all
his power beckoned to him...."Come it is time."
	Summoning his strength he pulled together his form.  A human body.  The empty
space began to materialize to form his desire.  Instantly the Jurian restraints came on and
electric bolts vomited from the darkness towards the amulet and the translucent figure.  It
wouldn't help, he was too strong.  Years of waiting and planning were paying off.
	The thousands of wires of electricity wrapped around the figure.  From
somewhere deep inside of it, the amulet began to laugh.  It echoed through the emptiness. 
The electricity tried to restrain him in a failing attempt.  The Keeper was fully
materialized.  Over the years they had forgotten about him, and they would pay for their
flaw with their lives.  They had forgotten the injustice they had caused him. 
	They had forgotten how powerful he really was.
	The Keeper laughed in synch with the amulet.  The bands of power that had held
him so many years ago snapped.  There was nothing left.
	"So many years ago your restraints were enough," the Keeper said.  "Not
anymore."    But it was unknown whether it was in his mind or out loud.  He didn't know.  
Nothing existed in this prison.  But with the enforcers gone, he would escape.  The
amulet hummed to life.  The Keeper lifted up his hand and inspected it.  It had been
many years since he had seen a hand, let alone any body part.  He watched in awe as he
summoned the ancient power.  
	A bolt of blue fire appeared and replaced his hand.  With one powerful thrust he
rammed his fist into the empty space.  The fabric seemed to tear and open before him. 
Now he was free.
	"DEATH  TO  ALL  JURAI!!!"



CHAPTER ONE
Things Have Changed

	
	Ryoko leaned back into her chair, on the porch, and peered into the sky.  Life was
good.  It seemed almost too good.  Everything had finally settled down.  After the
wedding with Tenchi, things were a little rough.  Ayeka had left to take the throne, and as
far as Ryoko knew, she had found someone.  Sasami had left with her.  Mihoshi and
Kiyone had stayed.  They came to visit almost every week.  Washu, actually was still
Washu, nothing much had changed.
	Rhy-ohki jumped up onto her lap.  A small breeze whipped by and relieved a little
of the heat.  This was the life, she thought.  There was a sudden creak and Ryoko looked
back.  Washu was standing behind her in the doorway.  Ryoko looked at here little
mother.
	"Little Ryoko, isn't this such a Kodak moment?" Washu leaned back and laughed.
	"Mom, you know I hate that." Ryoko yelled.
	"Oh calm down.  Can't a mother take a little pride in her child?  You didn't forget
that your mother is THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE WORLD!!!"
Washu still was a little full of herself.  "So when does Tenchi get back?"
	Ryoko looked up at the sky:  "He should be back anytime know for lunch." 
Ryoko stood up and ran a hand through her spiky hair.  Rhy-ohki jumped off of her lap
and ran inside.  
	"Really, well, I thought that maybe, just maybe, we should all go down there and
bring lunch to him" Washu suggested.  Rhy-ohki came back out and tried to cuddle up on
Washu's leg.  "Nope, not today Cabbit."
	"I guess so" said Ryoko in response to Washu.  "What's for lunch?" she asked
yawning.
	A large grin spread across Washu's face. "I don't know that's what I was about to
ask you" Washu said as she ran back inside.
	Ryoko's anger flared slightly, "Washu!"  She was about to follow when she
noticed something in the distance.  It looked like a figure.  Who could it be?  Could it be
Tenchi?  Ryoko levitated off the ground a few meters to get a better look.  The breeze
picked up.  "Nobuyuki." Ryoko shouted.
	Ryoko dusted off her red tank top and jean shorts and soared out to meet
Nobuyuki.  
	"Well, how is my favorite daughter-in-law on her anniversary?" Nobuyuki asked. 
His bags were strapped to his back and he had an umbrella under one arm.  It had been
raining in the morning when he left for work.		
	"I thought you were at work" Ryoko said as she floated beside him.
	"I did.  But they gave me the rest of the day off since I finished a project early" he
replied.  Ryoko grabbed one of his bags, to lighten the load.
	"Then what did they do?  Give you a day to finish a project?" Ryoko snickered.
	"Yeah, they never let me off" he sighed.
	"Well, come on.  We're bringing Tenchi lunch, you wanna come?" her voice had a
hint of anxiousness.
	"Yeah" answered Nobuyuki, "go ahead and I'll meet you guys down by the
shrine."  Nobuyuki began to hustle to the house.  
	"I'll drop this on the couch, 'kay?"  Ryoko felt a surge of power as she teleported
into the house.  She dropped the bag and ran into the kitchen.  Washu had a basket filled
with rice, pickles and other assortments of food.
	"I thought you hadn't done anything." 
	"I lied, just to see the look on your face." Washu grinned and started out the door. 
"Come on."
	*****
	Tenchi half walked, and half jogged down the steps.  Oh man I'm late for lunch,
he thought.  The sun was partially covered by the clouds.  There was a soft breeze,
Tenchi stopped and let it hit him.  From some sixth sense he turned around and looked
back up the stairs.  Ryoko was standing a few steps away.  
	The moment he saw her she jumped down and wrapped her arms around his neck. 
"Oh Tenchi."
	Tenchi had grown quite fond of that soft voice she used.  He could feel her lips
near his ear, "Oh I love you, my dear Tenchi."  
	They had been married for two years, and today would make their third year
anniversary.  Their father had built another room onto the house when he heard that they
were to be married.  Washu had made the bedroom huge, attaching it to another
dimension.  Crazy Washu, he thought.  She was his mother-in-law.
	Tenchi pulled her close and hugged her tight, "I love you too."
	"Sorry to disrupt you two love birds, BUT I'M STARVING!!!"  Washu cried out. 
Tenchi turned around to face her with Ryoko holding on to his neck.  
	"Great, what's for lunch?" Tenchi asked.  He put his arm around Ryoko's waist
and began to walk up the shrine steps. 
	"Not much for you, since tonight is our night.  If you don't remember we have
dinner reservations at 8:00." Ryoko reminded him.  She pulled some of the cyan colored
hair out of her face.  She adjusted her tank top.  
	Tenchi looked at her.  Those feline like eyes stared straight back.  "What would
make you think I forgot?" Tenchi laughed.  "Remember, that the reunion is two weeks
away."
	"What reunion?" Washu asked.  Tenchi rolled his eyes, man she wasn't in touch
much was she? he thought.
	"The reunion we have every other year.  When everyone comes back here for
three weeks.  Last time, they were all here for the reunion and our wedding."
	"I thought they were all here for the wedding."
	"For a genius, you can be clueless sometimes, Washu."  Tenchi smiled as Washu's
face turned bright red.
	"Come on let's eat!" a voice shouted.  Everyone turned to see Nobuyuki running
up the stairs.
	"Dad, why are you here?" Tenchi yelled.  The sunlight pierced through the trees
and down upon the group.  A soft breeze floated through the area.  
	"I got the rest of the day off Tenchi.  You don't think that I'd miss seeing my only
son and daughter on their anniversary?" Nobuyuki laughed.
	"Knowing you, I thought you'd be late" grandpa yelled from the top of the stairs.
	Ryoko took Tenchi's hand and marched to the top with the rest of them. 
Nobuyuki had changed into casual attire.  Tenchi paused to adjust his favorite jacket and
wipe some dust off of is t-shirt.
*****
	Ryoko reached the top with Tenchi behind her, she was slightly levitating. 
Tenchi  looked so young.  Ryoko looked him over with her eyes.  Tracing his outline, his
smile, his face, his eyes.  "What is it Ryoko?" Tenchi sighed.
	"Nothing......I just..." her voice was soft and soothing.
	Ryoko plopped herself down on the grass in front of a cloth that had their food on
it.  Ryoko stood up and faced everyone.  She reached down and took Tenchi's hand.
	"I have an announcement to make.  So don't EVERYBODY go crazy. 
I'm.........pregnant." Ryoko could feel Tenchi squeeze her hand.
	Washu's eyes bulged out, Lord Katsuhito nodded his head.
	"OH, TENCHI, I'M SO PROUD.  MY ONLY SON, A FATHER.  I KNEW YOU
COULD DO IT." Nobuyuki began yelling.
	"How long?" Washu questioned.  "Can't be much.  You're not noticeable yet."
	"Just about a month." Ryoko sat down and looked over at Tenchi.  He hadn't said
a word the whole time.  Was he mad?  
	"Too much excitement for one day" grandpa said.
	"Tenchi, aren't you going to say anything?" Ryoko had a hint of worry in her
voice.  Her soft brown eyes stared at him, awaiting a response.
	"Ryoko........" he paused and then looked her in the eyes.  "This will be a big
announcement at the reunion."
	A huge smile erupted on Ryoko's face.  
*****
	Tenchi sat alone by the lake.  They had finished lunch, as Washu and Nobuyuki
threw out names for the baby.  The rest of the day had passed by quickly and then Tenchi
had ended up here by the lake.  He would have to leave sometime to get ready for dinner. 
He was going out with Ryoko for their anniversary.  He could see Ryoko at the other side
of the lake looking for him.
	Here face was plagued with worry.  She is so beautiful, he thought.  He raised his
hand up and shouted, "Ryoko!"  Within a second, she had spotted him and teleported over
to where he was.
	"Tenchi, what are you doing here?" she asked.  Her voice was hinted with worry
and relief.  Tenchi looked at her face, the delicate features that had a slight touch of
felineness to them.  
	"Just thinking" he answered.  She sat down and nestled her head on his shoulder.  
	"It's cold out here, you'd better come in." Tenchi put his arm around her.  "Tenchi,
are you all right with this?"
	"With what?"
	"You, know.  The baby." her voice was getting softer.
	"Yes, you know that." Tenchi pulled her closer.  Her soft hair rubbed against the
side of his face.  
	"Ryoko"... he paused.  "Ryoko?"  Tenchi looked down to see her asleep.  She must
have been up all night wondering when to tell me, poor thing.  Tenchi couldn't help but
watch her as she slept.  He had never noticed how serene and peaceful she looked when
she was sleeping.  He listened to her rhythmic breathing for a while, yes it was about time
to get ready.  But they could stay like this for awhile.
	"Tenchi," surprised he looked down to see Ryoko staring at him.
	"I thought you were asleep." 
	"No, just thinking." 
	"Bout what?"
	"Oh, Tenchi, isn't it so nice?  It's like a carnival everyday.  Hmmmm, oh I wish
these days could go on, just like this forever and ever." she paused.  "Tenchi."
	"Yes," 
	"I think we'd better get ready."
*****
	Nobuyuki waited outside Tenchi's bathroom.  "Come on out son, let me check you
out."
	The door slid open and Tenchi came out in a black suit.  
	"WOW!  That looks quite spiffy, son."
	"Dad, come on.  Stop it." Tenchi waited as his father straightened out his tie and
pulled a piece of thread off of his jacket.
	"Now, let's go get Ryoko."
*****
	Ryoko stood in Washu's laboratory, in high heels and a short black dress that cut
off above her knees.  "Mom, how do I look?"
	"Oh, you called me mother." 
	Ryoko's cheeks flared, "Don't let it go to your head!"  She checked her make-up. 
Ryoko barely ever used any, but tonight was special.  She wanted to look her best for
Tenchi.
*****
	Washu looked her daughter over.  "You look great."  Washu was still surprised
about Ryoko's announcement that afternoon.  But it would have happened sometime. 
And knowing Ryoko, she was surprised that it hadn't happened sooner.  
	"Thanks, I gotta go.  Wish me luck," Ryoko said.
	"What for?" Washu was curious.
	"I don't know," Ryoko said as she ran towards the door.
	Washu listened as the door slammed shut.  Time to work.  Something was
happening.  Something big.  A large energy source had accumulated  somewhere in
space, it was extraordinarily powerful.  What could it be? Washu wondered.  The energy
had risen to enormous amounts and was still rising.  The source was coming somewhere
from Jurian territory.  But the exact source was unknown.  It went beyond normal space
and time fabric.  
	If this kept up, the space-time continuum would shatter and something would
happen.  Washu didn't know what, but it was big.  She quietly wandered over to her
padded chair and the keyboards illuminated before her.  Her small fingers raced over the
pads.  Numbers and symbols flashed and then the monitors came to life.  The energy
source was displayed.
	Hours passed and Rhy-ohki somehow managed to find her way into the lab. 
"Cabbit, didn't I tell you not today?"  Washu looked down at the small fury animal,
spacecraft.  "Oh, don't give me those eyes."
	Rhy-ohki scrunched up her nose and her eyes went wide.  "Oh all right."  As if by
command the Cabbit jumped up onto her lap.  "Now your going to help me look for the
source of the disruption."
	"Meooow," she purred and rubbed up against Washu.  
	"Rhy-ohki, I can't get any work done this way."
	"Washu," a voice rang out from the darkness.
	"Who is it?" Washu questioned without turning her head from the panels of
information.  There was no response.  "Who is it?!?"
	Washu turned to face the door.  No one was there.  Quickly she turned to face her
panel and suddenly a person appeared.  "AHHHHHHHHHhh!!" Washu screamed as she
fell back off of her chair.  She landed on the ground hard, taking most of her breath away.
	Lord Katsuhito was standing in front of her.  "Wah-ww-Washu." He was laughing
hard.  His face became a little flushed as he lost breath from laughing.	
	"That was not FUNNY!" Washu screeched.  "You know I hate that."
	"I know, but I couldn't help it," Lord Katsuhito sighed.  There was still a small
redness to his cheeks.
	"Why, are you here?"  Washu asked, straightening herself out.
	"I have sensed something over the past week or so.  I didn't want to say anything
but now it has risen to extreme levels.  I don't know what it is but it's dangerous." He
paused and light reflected off of his glasses.  "I can't tell the source, it doesn't feel from
this dimension.  Somewhere distant, separated from our realm."
	Washu's eyebrows raised a little.  
	"I'm guessing you see the same thing?" he asked.
	Wahsu narrowed her eyes and punched keys rapidly.  "This is what you're
sensing," she motioned to the large screen in the center.  "Quantum energy is being
pulled to an undefined plane of existence.  This has been happening for years, but only
recently has it become great enough to be readable."
	"What could it be?" his voice was hinted with worry.
	"Don't know, but I'll find out.  The levels are becoming dangerously high. 
Anytime now the fabric of space and time could tear."
	"And what would that do?"
	"Two possibilities," Washu looked up at him.  "One, everything we know will
cease to exist and we will all fade from existence and this world will have never been."
	Washu watched his reaction.  "And the second?" he asked.
	"Absolutely nothing will happen at all." Washu grinned.  "But there's a slightly
greater probability that the first will happen instead of the later."
	"Great!" Lord Katsuhito turned and walked towards the door.
	Washu turned in her chair and stood up to face him.  She raised her hand, "What
are you going to do?"
	"Have some tea and enjoy my last moments on Earth," his voice was laced with
sarcasm.
	"No, what really?"
	"Wait to see what happens...you're so worried.  You need to relax."  He turned and
left.
	Washu sat down alone.  Acts so calm and rational, thinks he's better than
everyone else, Washu thought.  Wonder what Ryoko's doing right now.

*****

	Tenchi sat down at the table across from Ryoko.  She looked amazing.  Ryoko
made a small smile and then let out a giggle.  She had teleported them to the restaurant
downtown.  The waiter came hustling up, squeezing through the small spaces in-between
chairs.
	"Good evening and welcome to Martina's!"  The waiter adjusted his red jacket
and apron.  There was a small glow to his brown eyes, that matched his short cropped
brown hair.  His eyes scanned Ryoko, inspecting her bluish-colored hair and brown eyes. 
"I am Batou and I will be serving you tonight.  May I get you something to drink?"
	Ryoko peered to the dance floor a few meters away.  Without looking at the
waiter she replied, "wine."
	"What kind?" he asked.
	"Some good stuff, you decide, 'kay?" she looked at him.
	"Right ma'am.  And for you sir?" 
	Tenchi turned and looked at his watch, "I'll have the same."
	The waiter repeated it, "Same as the young lady.  All right, I'll bring it right
away."
	"Better be," Ryoko laughed.  She turned and faced Tenchi, "So, how do I look?"
	Tenchi couldn't help but smile, he had told her how good she looked when he met
her at the door to Washu's lab and four times after that.  "You look great, you know that." 
He lifted up a menu.  A song came on, and then suddenly his menu was whipped away.
	"Come on Tenchi, let's dance!" Ryoko said excitedly.  Her eyes where big and she
had on what Tenchi had named, the "begging" face.
	"I don't know.." he began.
	"Oh, come on, pleeeease."  Ryoko flashed him a set of puppy dog eyes.
	"Oh, all right."
	Ryoko clapped and her face lit up with amusement.  "Let's go!"  She grabbed
Tenchi and headed for the floor.  The slow dance came on and Ryoko wrapped her arms
around is neck.  
	Tenchi paused and then set his hands on her waist.  So far so good, he thought. 
There was a sudden ticklish feeling on his chest.  He looked down and saw Ryoko had
gently laid her head on him.  She had a large smile on her face, from ear to ear.  Her eyes
were closed and she was softly humming the song.
	"Tenchi?" 
	"Ya," Tenchi carefully tried to move without stepping on her toes.
	"Do you remember this song?" she asked.  Song?  Tenchi racked his brain but
came up with a blank.
	"No.  Why, should I?"  He was careful not to say anything that might upset her.
	"No, I was jus..." suddenly she ripped herself away from him and grabbed her
head.  "Ahhhhhhhhhh Jesus Christ, dammit.  AHHhhhhhhhahhhh."  Ryoko suddenly
toppled to the ground in a heap with her hands grasping the top of her head.

*****

	Washu suddenly snapped out of a small trance from dozing off as her alarms went
off.  "What the hell?"
	The monitor hummed to life, the screen-saver of fishes swimming around had
disappeared.  "What's this?" Washu yelled.  The monitor showed the energy signature
exploded.  It was being released in massive quantities.  Quantum energy was being
dispelled through the universe at random.  Washu scanned the source, a small temporal
rip had formed and was growing bigger.  "Oh this is not good."
	She flew over the keyboard talking to herself, "Bring up defense shields, time
protectors, sensors,....." she flipped on all the precautions, just in case anything happened,
her subspace laboratory wouldn't be harmed.
	The third monitor started flashing red, "What the he...," she looked over the data
three times to see if it was true.  She ran cross checks and searched for ion flux patterns. 
The anomaly was gone.  It had completely disappeared.  What the hell was going on?
Washu said silently to herself.

*****

	Lord Katsuhito snapped awake from his bed.  "What's this?"  He looked towards
the sky and saw beams of blue light emanating from a central source.  Then as quickly as
it had started it was gone.  "Washu!" he yelled as he ran out of the door towards the
house.

*****


	Ah, my head.
	  Ryoko laid on the ground.  Her vision was blurred.  In what little sight she had, it
was speckled with blue and red dots.  Her head felt like it was being ripped apart.  She
could feel blood begin to trickle out of her ear.  There was a set of arms around her and
then lifting her up.
	Voices shot back and forth and then they were moving.  Blurs passed and then
pain increased.  "Ahhhhh...." she moaned and the shuddered as another wave of nausea
passed over her.  She could feel cool air passing over her.  Then a voice was talking.  She
couldn't make out the words, but the voice sounded familiar.
	The pain slowly stopped coming but her nerves ached from the massive blow. 
Ryoko eventually let her eyelids close and she drifted off into a deep sleep.  A dream
found it's way into her head.  She found herself standing, not floating, in space.  There
was nothing around her.  Then a figure appeared.  All she could see were his glowing
eyes.  Two balls of crimson.  Then a hand appeared, it was holding something.
	THE LIGHT HAWK SWORD! Ryoko thought.  The strange Being turned it
towards her and then a dark beam of light materialized.  Wait, the light hawk sword had a
blue blade.  This one was jet black, it seemed to absorb all the light into it.  
	"Who, are you?" Ryoko asked, ready at any sign of danger to act fast.
	"The bearer of the twin of my sword shall perish, along with his devil princess."
The voice didn't seem to be said aloud.  It seemed to be said in her mind.  Ryoko backed
away and summoned a golden ball of electricity.  She made a fist and her sword
materialized.  Laughter seemed to echo in Ryoko's mind.
	"Your powers are too weak." Suddenly the figure took full solidity.  He was
wrapped in a cloak but his face was still hidden.  Ryoko stopped and took a second to
assess her enemy.  The strange man rushed her, the dark LH sword came crashing down. 
Ryoko barely had time to raise her defense and block the attack.  Damn, he's fast.  The
dark blade seemed to pulsate as it was in combat.
	Ryoko could feel her energy sword begin to flicker.  Quickly she jumped
backwards and teleported behind the creature.  "HAAA." she screamed.  Ryoko brought
the sword down and ripped through part of the cloak that hid the creatures identity.  The
figure soared backwards and then spun around and made a straight slash on Ryoko, from
shoulder to shoulder.
	She felt the blood vomit from her body as the dark blade touch her.  There was
something about that sword.  It had some sort of venom or poison.  The figure seemed to
smile and then was on the attack again.  "Dammit!" Ryoko yelled.  Her power was
weakening as she threw two orbs of electricity towards him.  The first ball ripped through
the cloak but never exited or exploded.  "Uh-oh" Ryoko lunged and ducked just as the
dark blade missed her head.  Suddenly the hilt came down on her skull.  Hard.
	Ryoko fell to the ground dazed, and began to roll sideways.  The figure made a
huge slashing motion and dug into Ryoko's back.  Blood was flowing freely from her
body, and the poison was slowing her down.  She was losing her power, bit by bit.  This
can't be happening, this is only a dream.
	
*****

	Tenchi sat impatiently in the cab waiting for them to get home.  Ever since Ryoko
collapsed she hadn't awakened.  He had no idea what was going on.  Through the whole
ride she groaned, and every now and then her body convulsed as if she was being hit by
something.  How much longer is this going to take?
	"Tenchi," Ryoko moaned softly and then her she shook violently.  
	"What the-" Tenchi tapped on the glass inbetween the back and front seat.
	"How much longer is this going to take?  Can't you go any faster!"  He was almost
screaming.
	"Sorry, I don't want to get pulled over.  Do you know I've had four tickets in the
last two weeks....." Tenchi stopped paying attention as the driver babbled on.  
	Come on Ryoko, hang in there.
	They eventually reached the house.  Tenchi threw bills at him and ran into the
house.  "Washu!!!!" 
	There was a ruckus and then Washu came running from the kitchen.  "Tenc-."
Washu stopped when she saw Ryoko.  "What happened?"
	"We were dancing and then she just collapsed.  She's been moaning and then
going into convulsions." Tenchi was stuttering.
	"Take her to your bedroom and put her into some loose clothes."  Washu
commanded.
	Tenchi ran threw the living room and then towards the stairs.  He leaped over six
in one hop and then cleared the rest with a second.  Without thinking Tenchi kicked the
door open and set Ryoko on the bed.  Quickly he stripped her and grabbed a shirt from
the closet.  He pulled it over her and then examined the finished product.  The shirt was
small and almost didn't fit.  He had buttoned as many buttons as he could on the shirt, but
Ryoko's bust only permitted every other one.

*****

	Washu ran down into to her lab and grabbed a small sliver briefcase.  With a
quick turn she raced upstairs.  Nobuyuki almost fell down as Washu came running by. 
"Washu what's go-"
	"Shut up and get Lord Katsuhito!" Washu yelled as her little frame bounded up
the stairs.  
	What could be wrong with Ryoko?  This has do with the anomaly some how.
	Washu burst through the doors and scanned the area.  There was a large bed that
had a large blue comforter on it.  The room expanded further back.  There was a large
bathroom and three dressers.  A walk-in closet was in the corner of the rectangle room.  
	Ryoko was sprawled on the bed, a small shirt was covering her.  Tenchi was
kneeling at the bed side, holding Ryoko's hand.
	"Is that the best that you could find?" Washu asked.
	"Washu, just do what you can." Tenchi said.  His voice was barely audible as he
talked.
	"All right, just stay back." Washu slapped the briefcase down on the bed and
opened it.  A variety of instruments were present.  Small flashing monitors showed that
they were ready to work.
	Washu grabbed a small cylindrical object and flipped on a switch.  Three beams
of light projected themselves out.  Washu focused them on Ryoko's head.  Tenchi
watched wide-eyed looking for some kind of response.  The mad scientist pulled out a
small silver rectangle.  Four small rods appeared on the sides.  They began to spin
around.  Washu checked the screen and then faced Tenchi.
	"She'll be all right.  She just needs to rest." 
	"What was wrong with her?"  Tenchi was staring at Ryoko's face.
	"Teeeeench-" Ryoko was almost screaming.  Suddenly her body lifted off of the
bed.  Tenchi jumped up and pulled her down.
	"Well, as far as I can tell she's having a nightmare." 
	"What?" Tenchi was confused, he was struggling to hold Ryoko down.
	"About what time did this happen?" Washu questioned.
	"What do you mean?"
	"What time did she collapse?" 
	"About 10:30, why?"  Ryoko levitated again, raising Tenchi off of the bed.
	Washu suddenly jumped up and began yelling.  "Exactly what I thought."
	"Thought what Washu?" Tenchi looked up to his Grandpa standing in the
doorway.  "You called for me?"
	"Lord Katsuhito, yes I did." Washu paused and packed up her gear.  "Ryoko
passed out at exactly the same time as space rip occurred.  It must have been so powerful,
that it disrupted Ryoko's balance of power."
	"So," Lord Katsuhito narrowed his eyes, "what does that mean?" .
	"Someone or something was powerful enough to escape some kind of prison."
	"How do you figure?" The two looked back at Tenchi who was straddled over
Ryoko trying to pin her down.
	"If Ryoko felt it, then it was directed at her.  Somehow, at the same time it
escaped, whatever prison it was in, the random dispersal of energy wasn't really random. 
It was sent to certain people."
	"Like a warning signal?" Lord Katsuhito interrupted.
	Washu paused and thought about it, "Yes, like a warning signal."
	"So whatever is coming, is coming after Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
	"Maybe.  If you were to be in the state Ryoko is in, you wouldn't be able to protect
yourself.  Ryoko might have been given the message as a warning to you."  Washu's voice
almost went to a whisper.


Three Days Later
On a Distant Planet

	Motoko turned the corner of the filthy street and raced into an alley.  Her black
trench coat billowed in the wind and then was beat down by the huge buckets of rain that
poured from the black sky.  Motoko had been deserted on this planet for two months
now.  When she was transporting antiques, pirates had taken over and captured her. 
Motoko had managed to escape with one weapon, an antique pulse-rifle.  She had
grabbed two clips and made her getaway.  This was her second month on the run.  But
things were getting tough.
	The pirates were on her tail.  She had been sitting at the bar when they came in
and saw her.  Motoko ran out and they had followed.  Quickly she jumped over a pile of
excrement.  This planet was a dump and the only thing it was full of was criminals and
bounty hunters.  
	The air around her turned icy cold as she heard the voices of the pirates.  Motoko
pulled her hood off and looked back through the dark alley.  The walls were from shops
and made of solid adimantium.  They were stained with unknown liquids and rotten
material.  Quickly, Motoko raced the muzzle of the pulse-rifle towards the oncoming
danger.  She pulled the trigger and the gun went off on full auto.  Shells flew everywhere
and then the clip went dry.  
	Damn.  Antique weapons that still used powder.  Not the weapon of choice,  but
effective none the less.
	She watched as the armor piercing rounds ripped into the walls and trash.  She
had let off 100 rounds towards the pirates, everyone missed.  Motoko ripped the
magazine out and loaded her last one in and then started to run again.  The path ahead of
her turned sharply to the right.  
	"You're not going to get away Bitch!!" one of the pirates yelled.  
	Motoko turned the corner and almost fell to her knees.  It was a dead-end, nothing
but a solid wall streaked with unknown matter.  "God no," her voice was nothing more
then a whimper.  Her dark purple hair feel in front of her large blue eyes.  "This isn't
happening."  
	"We got ya now slut!" the first pirate turned the corner and was met by a barrage
of high explosive bullets.  Motoko watched as the man died.  The bullets were designed
to mushroom out on contact and then exploded 10 seconds later.  Very effective for an
antique.  The man was thrown back and then his body exploded into several pieces. 
Blood spewed everywhere and she heard the other pirate curse.
	The second pirate dropped to the ground and fired four shots, the first two missed
but the last two blew the gun to pieces.  Pleased with himself the man stood up.  His head
flashed over to his partner.  "You're gonna pay for that." 
	His fist came sailing out and slammed Motoko to the ground.  The warm taste of
blood filled her mouth.  Another blow landed straight on her nose.  There was an audible
crack and then blood seeped into her eyes.  She was suddenly pinned on the ground. 
Motoko tried hard to open her eyes, everything was red.  She could see the pirate.  He
took off his belt and unstrapped his pants.
	"Hold still bitch," was all he said.  
	Motoko's mind screamed.  No not this, I'll do anything, anything.  There was a
soft low hiss and the pirate paused and turned around.  A cloaked figure was standing
thirteen meters behind him.  "Hey, I'm busy here, find your own place."  
	Two crimson eyes searched the walls.  "Let her go."  The voice was flat and
monotone.
	"Did you not hear m-" he was cut off.  The dark figure pulled a sword hilt from
his cloak and a black saber ignited.  "What the-" 
	The figure moved with incredible speed.  He made one slash and then flew back
to his previous spot.  The pirate stood still for a moment, letting his mind register the
pain.  He felt a hot searing pain along his stomach.  He reached down and felt something
slimy and long.  The pirate looked down to see his entrails slowly slipping out of his
body.  Blood vomited from the wound.  
	The Keeper moved again, he made a diagonal slash and chopped part of the man's
skull off.  The blade disappeared and the Keeper made a fist.  The man's body flew back
against the wall, there was a sickening thud as the body splattered against the wall.  
	"Ahh...ah." Motoko laid on the ground.
	"Stop your whimpering, child.  It helps no one." The Keeper moved towards her. 
"I can save you... or," the black blade appeared under her throat, "I can kill you."
	"The family from the house of Jurai doesn't kill innocents," Motoko said.
	"What makes you think I am from Jurai?" 
	"Your sword...your fighting style, all of it seems Jurian." Motoko was fading in
and out of consciousness. 
	"Make your decision, do you live and serve me... or die?"  The Keeper stared at
the withering body.
	"Yee-s-s-s," Motoko finally said.  The Keeper paused and then waved his hand in
front of her face.  The wounds instantly closed and her face was healed.  The dark figure
flew back and made two slashes.  One on her left shoulder and one on her right. 
"Ahhhhhh-.  What the ..."
	"Silence, that is your marker."  From his cloak he produced a small black gem on
a chain.  "Put this on so you will remember why you serve me."  The Keeper handed the
gem over to her and then healed her wounds.  Two long twisted scars were left on her
shoulders.
	"But-" she began.
	"Use the gem for power, and if you ever betray me you will regret it."  The
Keeper's crimson eyes stared down at her.
	"What am I to do?" Motoko's voice was soft and almost a whisper.  She could feel
tears welling up behind her eyes.  She tried to swallow back the lump in her throat, but
failed.  The tears came coming down, lining her face with moisture.  Why, was all she
could think.
	"You, will know what to do," and with that, the figure vanished.
*****
	Tenchi looked across the table at Sasami.  Food littered the table.  They had just
eaten lunch.  Sasami had arrived a day ago, she was helping to prepare for the reunion.  It
was still about a week and a half away, but Sasami usually visited early and stayed a lot
longer.  She had cooked lunch, and breakfast.
	"So how does Ryoko feel?"  Sasami asked.  Tenchi noted the childish voice that
was still present in the nearly grown-up Jurian.
	Ryoko had awakened a couple hours after Washu had checked her out.  But since
then she hadn't let anyone come near her, not even Tenchi.  How weird, Tenchi thought. 
"I don't know why she won't let me talk to her?" Tenchi asked Sasami.
	Sasami frowned, "Oh, I'm sorry."
	"It's not your fault."  Tenchi looked at the bowl of rice and then decided to go
upstairs.  His body slowly climbed the stairs.  He could hear Sasami playfully hugging
Rhy-ohki.  The mood in the Masaki house had turned sullen after Ryoko came home. 
She hadn't talked to anyone.  And when Tenchi had gone in there she left the room and
avoided him, and everyone else.  Washu had no explanation, which was odd.
	Tenchi suddenly realized that he was standing outside of the room.  Carefully he
slid the door open.  Ryoko was lying on the bed, the room was pitch black.  He could
hear the sniffles as Ryoko suddenly noticed the rays of light coming in.
	"Ryoko" Tenchi said softly.
	"Please go away, Tenchi.  Please." Ryoko was almost pleading.  "I don't want you
to see me like this."  
	"Ryoko, stop it."  Tenchi came in and sat at the end of the bed.  "What's wrong
with you."
	There was a long silence and then Ryoko spoke.  "Tenchi you're in danger." 
Ryoko sat up and moved next to him.  Tears were streaming down her face.  Her eyes
were bloodshot.
	"What do you mean?  Come on Ryoko, stop crying."  Tenchi wiped a tear away
from her face.  
	"Tenchi, you were always so naive...so innocent.  You are in danger.  There's
nothing I can do to protect you against him."  Ryoko pulled her knees to her chest and
wrapped her arms around them.
	"Who?" Tenchi put his arm around her.  What was she talking about?
	"The Darkness."
*****
	Sasami backed away from the door of Tenchi's room and went down to the
kitchen.  Yes, she had been eavesdropping but that wasn't the point.  The Darkness,
something seemed familiar about that name, but she couldn't remember.  But whatever it
was it must be serious since Ryoko was so worried.  Sasami had only seen Ryoko like
that once before, and no one ever talked about that anymore.......
	Quietly she cleaned off the table and sat down on the couch.  Rhy-ohki jumped on
her lap.  "Oh Rhy-ohki.  What are we to do?"  Sasami lifted the Cabbit to eye level and
then set her on her shoulder.
	"Meoow."
	"Wish that was the answer."
To Be Continued.....
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's Notes:  My arms are almost ready to fall off!  I did all this pretty quick and didn't
proofread all that much, so if you see some grammar and spelling errors, SORRY!!  I did
the best I could with the amount of sleep I had.  There are still some things that need to
be explained.  But don't worry the next installment should have some real action and I
didn't forget the few romantics out there!  And for the fans of the Guardians of Jurai, they
make their appearance in the next chapter.    P.S.:  send me some ideas of what you want
the baby's name to be.  If you have any questions, or are just plain confused.  E-mail me
at:  Ryoko Mas@aol.com

Tell me what ya think!!