This Chapter is dedicated to Carrie and Lita,
two strong souls whose paths I've had the fortune to cross.

Carrie, rest well and recover soon.
I miss you, and I wish you well, always.
Lita, know that you have a friend in me.
I know you will take good care of Carrie.

Sincerely, Zyraen (08/05/2000)

Disclaimer :
Most characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.
They are in such a situation solely because of my imagination.
This story was written purely for fun.

DARKNESS & LIGHT - No Need For Kova

By Zyraen

Chapter XIII : No Need for Reinforcements

"What happened?" The Section Chief asked, his face pale.

"It’s all your f***ing fault!" Operative 231 screamed at Mitsuki, and
the Section Chief. An accusing finger pointed at Mitsuki. "You cut
her off!" Then at the transmission that was still open. "And you hurt
her! You shouted her down!"

"Operative 231, control yourself." The Chief spoke sternly, though
his face was still white.

"F*** off!" He cried. "If I can’t save her, I’ll kill that f***ing bastard!"

The Section Chief was about to reply when 231’s hand slammed
down on the controls, and his screen blacked out.

The officer spun to face Mitsuki. "What the f*** are u waiting for? Get
me to Earth!"

Mitsuki took one look at his form, trembling with rage and anguish,
his face contorted into a bestial mask of savagery, and quickly
leaped back into her control seat.

=====================================

"Let’s go." Kova walked over to Kiyone, who was still stunned,
sitting on the floor of the bridge. "You’re dead, you’ve discharged
your duties. We can leave here, we can forget all about that bullshit,
and get on with our…" His voice died, as emerald embers
smouldered in her eyes, the entirety of their enmity directed towards
him, and it struck him almost as a physical blow. "Kiyone?" He
stooped down, reaching down to help her up.

CRACK!

Streaks of stinging pain arced through his face, and he staggered
back, before sitting down. He could feel warm fluid flowing down
over his lips, and felt a dull ache in his face.

"You *f***king* BASTARD!" He heard Kiyone cry out, as he saw her
get to her feet, her hand picking up the GP blaster he had dropped
as she had hit him.

"Kiyone-chan, I…" He licked his lips and tasted blood. It hurt, but it
didn’t hurt as bad as the realisation it was *she* who had struck him.

"Damn you!" Kiyone shouted, her eyes blurring with tears, her
blaster clenched tightly in her hand. "What the f*** did you think you
were doing!?"

"I…" His heart constricted painfully, both at Kiyone’s anguish and at
his own fears. "I thought…"

"You…!" Kiyone levelled her GP blaster at him. A brief image flashed
in her mind. 

A field of verdant grasses, swaying slightly in the breeze, drenched
in the orange glow of sunset. Silhouettes of children dancing
around a taller, paternal figure, before outlined clearly before the
golden light. Tinkling laughter, as the taller figure scooped one up,
and as he turned to toss the child high in the air, the flash of blue
from his loving, proud and thankful eyes…

Trying to fight the rising lump in her throat, Kiyone seized the GP
Blaster before it fell out of her loosening fingers, then sobbing in
anger and sorrow, sped from the bridge, through Washu’s lab and
out the door. 

"I’m sorry, Kiyone-chan," Kova murmured brokenly, his expression
dismal and dimmed, as his head sunk to his chest, and he felt his
nose gingerly.

I can take my own pain, my own suffering. I have heard people
insult, damn me in front of my very own face, and I can take it. But I
can’t let them treat you like this, and after all you’ve done and all
you’re trying to do for them, and for us…

"What did you do now, Kashiro?" Washu was standing over him,
looking stern but at the same time both curious and concerned. The
spy had his own endearing qualities, and though he was basically
still a stranger, there was a certain respect Washu possessed for
this individual that had learnt to be so versatile and so successful in
so many aspects of his life.

"I… meant it well." He pressed his lips together, feeling the blood
flow down to his chin. But it wasn’t the visible wound that mattered,
it was the way his heart seemed to be oozing blood, as though a
strong hand was clenched around it, squeezing it tightly. He
breathed raggedly through his mouth, then closing his eyes, his
hand gripped his nose firmly. Deftly, he twisted it back into place,
giving vent a soft grunt of pain, as his heartache receded before the
physical agony. Facing up, he breathed in deep, as his fingers
wiped the blood streaming down his face. "Kiyone…"

"Give her some time, Kashiro." Washu whispered. "She needs to
cool off."

"Did I…?" His eyes opened, and realisation dawned in them on who
it was he was speaking to at last. "Thank you, professor."

"It’s nothing. Give her some time." She watched his glistening tears.
"You’ll have to comfort her. Make it up to her."

"But…"

"Even if you meant it for the best, it’s gone wrong." Washu
answered sagely. "And it’s your fault it has. Think about it, and I’ll be
returning to my work."

She turned her back on Kova, as he huddled into a small ball on the
side of the bridge.

I have to make it up to her, for everything…

=====================================

"One more…"

The barkeep stared at his customer in surprise. It wasn’t that she
was dressed in a white blouse and dark green tights, neither was it
for her pristine beauty, but it was for the number of bottles she had
emptied. He didn’t usually get female patrons so early in the night,
and few, if any of them, came dressed so… decently. Or downed so
much booze.

"What are you waiting for?" The lady, face buried in her forearms,
her long dark green hair flowing over the back of her shoulders,
mumbled. Her hand reached out, for another swig, lifted up one
empty bottle after another. "Damn you, give it to me!" She raised her
head, her puffed up green eyes blazing in anger, her face red from
too much liquor.

"You sure you can pay?" He asked, backing away before her
ferocious demeanour. 

Kiyone curled her lip up angrily. "I don’t give a damn! Just give it to
me or…"

"I’ll settle her tab. You just give her what she wants." A deep, low
voice announced from the doorway.

She spun around, half expecting to see Kova standing there. But
no, it was a man of about forty, dressed in a black business suit and
baggy black pants, with shoulders hunched forward and head
sticking out before him. Even half-drunk, she could see there was
no way he could be less than five centimetres shorter than her, and
his voice was noticeably lower than Kova’s.

He walked over, seeming a little bandy-legged, and settled down on
Kiyone’s right, oblivious to the distrustful look she shot him. "Bottle
of rum, please. And whatever the lady wants."

The barkeep hesitated, before a wad of notes was laid on the table.
His face lighted up with glee, and quickly another bottle of whiskey
was placed in Kiyone’s outstretched hand, as a bottle of rum was
deposited before the black clad businessman. The chap reached
over for Kiyone’s dry wine glass, pouring his drink into it, as Kiyone
took another direct swig from the fresh bottle. Lowering it, she
stared as the man gulped a quarter of his cup down, then another
quarter. His fingers were a little fat and squat, and his palm seemed
somewhat larger than normal.

"What do you want?" She asked, her voice a little slurred but still
laced with distrust. As he turned to face her, she saw his jaw line
was not as long as Kova’s, his jaws and cheeks themselves
pudgier. His hair was the usual black, with one or two whitening
strands, combed neatly down with a centre parting, while his eyes
were a brown tint. From his rough complexion and hands, Kiyone
guessed that he was about forty odd, although he probably had the
usage of some face lifting services, he looked about thirty. 

Besides, Kova disliked alcohol, and even when he drank his tea, he
sipped it for most part.

"More rum." He replied as he filled his cup again, his face still not
leaving hers, but with an almost derisive smile. "Just as you need
more whiskey."

"Right." She murmured, raising the bottle to her lips again. "Ah!"
She breathed out as she lowered the bottle. "If it’s a cheap f*** you
want, get to the hooker’s."

"I prefer rum." He took another generous gulp from his cup.

About half an hour of silence passed, the man drinking his rum,
while Kiyone emptied more bottles. 

Kiyone stared at the bottles before her, shifting around uncertainly,
doubles flashing in and out of vision. Six, ten, twelve, fifteen? She
had no idea. Her fingers ran by them one by one, her befuddled
mind struggling to count straight from one to whatever number she
needed. It was eight.

The man finished his third bottle, before he noticed Kiyone was
staring at the bottles already.

"What?" He slurred, pointing at her with a finger. "Oo…out s…so
soon?"

Kiyone stared at him, and even through the double image and the
haze of alcohol, she could almost feel the lust emanating
undisguised from behind those brown eyes. "I…I’m g…g…go..."
She stood up unsteadily, but the man grabbed her left arm, and
pulled himself to her side.

"There… I’ll help lady… walk…" He slurred, his lips curling lewdly
as he stared at her. Kiyone made to move off, and he, ostensibly
supporting her by holding her arm. As they exited the bar, Kiyone
felt him suddenly move nearer, and his hand went behind her to
under her right armpit…

"What the…!" Surprise and outrage jolted her awake, at least
partially.

"I… walk you… ba…." His head was pressed against her shoulder,
his eyes closed as his black hair brushed against her, and his free
hand wandered obtrusively over the front of her body while the
fingers of the arm behind her caressed her lasciviously. "Then we
can…"

"PERVERT!" Kiyone lashed out at the man’s head, and the fellow
staggered back. She was too drunk to wonder why it didn’t land
properly enough to kill him (it should have, one strike near the base
of the throat, the other a jab to the temple). To her surprise, her kick
to his groin missed, which she passed off as due to her inebriated
state, before stepping in with another punch to his chest as her
other hand reached for her blaster.

Something gripped her fist, and she fell forward onto him as the
man slipped back. She landed on top of him, her face mere inches
from his, her GP Blaster jabbing into his side.

"You *bloody* son of a…" Her voice died as she saw the man’s eyes
open, causing two small lenses with brown irises to slide out of his
eyes.

"How about here?" The familiar voice asked before her. The neck
muscles relaxed, and she saw the face lengthen. Kiyone blinked,
thinking she was dreaming.

"Kova-chan!?" Her voice was incredulous. His hand reached out,
brushing her puffed up eyes.

"I’m sorry, Kiyone…" He smiled sadly, then his lips rose up to kiss
hers. Just before she closed her eyes she glimpsed his hands
pulling at something under his face near his throat, and when she
opened her eyes again, his jaw and complexion had returned,
although his face was a little red, and there were faint signs of tear
lines along his cheeks.

"Kova-chan?" In fact, under normal circumstances Kiyone would
get up and settle every disagreement they had before even
consenting to let him get so close to her, but with alcohol, some
things tend to be different…

"Sorry about last night, and today." He murmured softly, as his lips
brushed her neck, and slowly travelled down. "Concerning today,
we’ll be able to work something out. As for last night…" She dimly
noticed his hands behind her, as he pulled his translucent, skin like
gloves off, then she felt one hand caress her back. His right hand
ran through his hair, causing the black and white dye to flake off,
while loosening the clips within that kept his long hair tied down to
his scalp.

"Kova…mmm!" She murmured as the fingers of his left hand
danced across her back, while the other stroked her long green hair
before her left shoulder, following its trail down the hair to her chest,
even as he continued kissing her neck, and his legs shifted slightly,
brushing the inside of her thighs. 

Opening her eyes, she saw the concrete floor of the street
pavement, and her befuddled mind finally worked out what the
nagging feeling at the back of her mind was…

"Hmm?" He asked as he felt her stiffen. 

Looking up, he saw Kiyone was staring on her left, at the bar.
Following her eyes, he saw that the patrons of the bar and the
barkeep were staring back at them through the glass. Kiyone, her
face twitching nervously, slowly turned and saw a man staring at
them from further up the pavement, as well as a couple behind him.
Just one metre from them, a motorcyclist had froze in the act of
starting his vehicle, eyes fixed on them, while the cars on the road
seemed to be moving particularly slowly.

"Urk…" Her throat sounded choked.

"There’s more, actually." He added, his voice amused. "There’s two
guys watching us just behind you, fresh out of the bar, and this
teenage guy walking near the road behind them."

Kiyone made to get up, but she felt his hands encircling her at the
small of her back, holding her close to him. "Hey, Kova-chan!"

He grinned at her outraged her face, red from embarrassment as
well as wine. "I forgot to tell you, my offer for last night’s
reimbursement extends to this time and place only." His eyes shone
mischievously. "*Only*."

"KOVA-CHAN!" Although it had seemed impossible, her face
actually became a shade more scarlet, but though her tone was
outraged, her eyes were soft and warm, and there was an affable
undertone to it. "I can’t… we can’t…!"

"Come, come…" He continued grinning madly. "Here and now.
Take it or leave it." He had never liked playing for stakes, unless the
outcome was certain, but here where the stakes were insane and
where the prize was as ridiculous, he somehow felt he could give it
a shot.

Kiyone cogitated, her desire battling against her, well, dignity?
Pride? Common sense? She could feel him through his pants and
her tights, but…

"Please…?" She begged, her face plaintive. Half drunk though she
was, she was still Kiyone. Still holding her body close, he lifted his
hip almost imperceptibly off the ground, and laughed inwardly as
she tried to resist the temptation to reciprocate. "Back at my
apartment… please…!?"

"Aww, come on…" He winked at her. "After all we don’t care what
these people think of us, do we?" He grinned. Kiyone’s brow
wrinkled in indecision, as she sought to prevent her body from
responding. Yet as his fingers ran over her dress, he could feel her
flesh flushing warm at his touch…

"I really can’t…" Her green eyes pleaded for reprieve.

Remembering how she had counted her fingers last night, he shook
her head, and was rewarded with the sight of her wide opened eyes,
but her breath quickened almost imperceptibly. He felt almost sorry
that he had actually decided not to do anything already.

That he was lying here on the road threatening everyone with a free
show was a clear sign of his tipsy state, but he was not *that*
drunk…

"Oh all right."

Kiyone breathed a sigh of relief.

"But when I get back I expect a good dinner." He replied. "We both
missed dinner and are hungry. It would never do to get stomach
ulcers, would it? It would cramp our style."

"Fine, but how am I going to get something out so…"

"You’ll get back my way, while I’ll walk. Now let’s get up before I
change my mind."

There was an almost audible sigh of disappointment from all around
as the two got up, with Kova sweeping his disguise utilities up, then
they walked away. Kova held Kiyone’s arm to steady both of them
as they walked down into a side alley, their bodies swaying slightly
from side to side.

"Kova-chan, where are we going?"

"Oh, you’re going to prepare my dinner." He grinned. "I am walking
back."

Before she could protest, the portal opened up before them.
"Remember, I expect a good meal." His eyes twinkled. "Or nothing
goes…"

"I’ll try…" Kiyone nodded, then stepped into the portal.

Kova watched as the darkness vanished, then leaned on a wall, one
hand on his forehead.

Sheesh, my head is spinning. I really should have got some training
on how to improve my alcohol tolerance threshold…

He quickly took out a pill from a pocket, and swallowed it.

Sitting down for a moment, he waited till the disorientating reaction
effects had worn off, before continuing on his walk, his mind now
clear…

Hmm, Kiyone is probably expecting me to show up at her front
door… Let’s get in my old way and surprise her.

For a moment, he remembered what had nearly transpired outside
the bar, and his face turned pale crimson with embarrassment and
shame.

Oh my god, I can’t believe I nearly did *that* back *there*.

===================================== 

She had just orientated herself to being in her apartment, when the
doorbell rang.

Oh no, don’t tell me he’s here already!?

Quickly she ran to open it, but just before she got there, Ryoko
materialised between her and the door. 

"Kiyone!?" Ryoko quickly took in her appearance. "Drinking, huh?
With someone I know?" She smiled wickedly, and Kiyone blushed
again. The room was still rocking slightly about…

"Ryoko, open up!" Aeka shouted from behind the door.

"All right already!" The pirate retorted, and pulled it open. 

Aeka walked in carrying two shopping bags, looking tired but happy
and satisfied as well. "Ryoko, you sure… oh, hello Kiyone!" From
her expression, it was clear Aeka did not expect Kiyone to be here,
but rather elsewhere in the Masaki household with a certain
someone. Her face wrinkled as she smelled the stink of alcohol in
the air. "Oh my, Kiyone, have you been drinking?"

"Yeah, but I need…" Her eyes lighted up as Aeka’s little sister
stepped in with some packages of her own. 

Sasami looked tired, but at least happy. It had been trying at times,
but they had pulled through without a single proper fight between
the princess and the pirate. Now, rest at last…

Two hands seized her shoulders, fingers pressing a little too hard.

"Sasami, Sasami!" Kiyone exclaimed. "You’re *just* who I need!"

"Huh, what for?"

"I need you to make a quick, nice dinner for Kova and me and bring
it here!"

Sasami recoiled from the stench of alcohol and the way Kiyone
stared at her almost desperately. "Erm, I’m tired… and I said I
wouldn’t be cooking today…"

"Please…!" Kiyone begged her, her hands clasping into a pleading
sign.

Aeka and Ryoko stared at Kiyone in shock, as a teardrop formed
behind Sasami.

"I…" Sasami started.

"Sasami, pleeeaasse…" Kiyone implored. "I really need your…"

The blue haired girl gazed into her trembling emerald eyes, and her
heart melted. "All right, Kiyone." She sighed, relenting.

If it were ever possible for Kiyone to act like Mihoshi, this would be
it. She jumped up, the entirety of her form embodying joy and
enthusiasm. "Oh great! Thank you, thank you, Sasami!!" Her hands
almost clapped together.

"Don’t mention it," Sasami replied, averting her eyes as another
sweatdrop beaded on her head. Her gaze made contact with Aeka
and Ryoko, questioningly.

"I think she had too much drink." Aeka murmured nervously, eyes
wide.

"Several pints over." Ryoko shook her head. "Either that or she’s
been working too hard."

Kiyone seized Sasami’s packages from her, her face beaming
exuberantly. "I’ll go put this in your room, please do hurry!"

The three of them stared as Kiyone rapped on the door to Tenchi’s
apartment, stepped through and vanished. Ryoko licked her lips
nervously as Aeka blinked in surprise. Sasami stared open
mouthed, then hurried in after Kiyone, remembering her agreement.

"Things simply get more inexplicable, don’t they?" Aeka managed
after a while.

Ryoko only nodded dumbly.

===================================== 

Kova walked on lightly, his legs swinging to and fro in a nonchalant,
comfortably slow pace. His black pants hung well above his ankles,
about ten centimetres too short for him, but he didn’t mind. Yet even
at this rate he was just maybe twenty or so minutes from leisurely
wending his way past the buildings to the place from which he
could see Kiyone’s apartment.

This is perfect! True, Kiyone-chan’s drunk, but at least I got her
happy without her having to drag me aside and set the record
straight…

A pang of sadness struck him as he recalled the difficulties they
faced…

Should I make her promise first? Or should I just take my pleasure
as it comes…

His eyes caught a gleam of metal in the shadows of an alley a good
distance from him. He had already seen the figure twice, with its
strange garb, a good distance behind, about five or ten minutes
after Kiyone had left, but this was the first time he saw the weapon’s
green blade flash behind the figure’s shoulders. He took two quick
steps as the figure hid behind some cover, so that he reached the
light of a street lamp.

Whoever he is, he is not from this world, he is too skilled, unless
there is another Yosho or Tenchi somewhere around. If it were not
for my natural night vision, I would never have seen him in the first
place, whether or not he bothered to conceal himself. And he keeps
pace effortlessly and silently.

"Show yourself, stranger!" His voice rang out, and he removed his
black business suit, which was slightly too short for him, before
dropping to the ground. The figure stiffened, then walked out, his
footsteps even, the soft sounds of his light footfalls somehow
ominous and menacing. Seemingly unperturbed, Kova had his face
averted, as his eyes focused on removing his cuff links, and
unbuttoned the first two buttons of his white long sleeved shirt so
he could breathe and move more easily.

The person stopped on the edge of the white radius of light, the
three sharpened teal points over his right shoulder gleaming coldly.
Fifteen metres from him, near the base of the street lamp, Kova
looked up, and shook his arms out to loosen his sleeves and his
muscles, his lips curling into a confident smile.

The shadow bristled a little, then stood up erect. Kova could see the
person was slightly taller than him, by about as much as he was
taller than Kiyone. The green hair…

"Galaxy Police Special Operative 231?" He whispered. The shade
was uncannily similar to Kiyone’s hair colour.

The operative made no reply, his face set grimly, his shadowed eyes
dark with hostility. The man was no longer in the GP uniform, but
was wearing a dark grey robe, with only half its top, so that it
covered the left half of his chest and his left hand, while showing his
muscular, slightly tanned right chest, as well as exposing his right
arm and the long tattoo that ran down the length of it. The half robe
was tucked into baggy grey trousers that ended in boots made of
flexible black material, like ninja boots, while his fists were clenched
tightly together. Over his shoulder the three prongs of a trident
made of some light green metal showed.

"May I help you?" Kova asked, his face calm, his arms opening in
the expression of openness and willingness to talk, but his feet
shifted apart in a fighting stance…

231 flexed his right arm as his left fist raised up belligerently,
causing his chest to ripple like that of a lion, while the tattoo on his
right arm seemed to move with a life of its own, as though it wished
to draw blood. "*Where* is Kiyone?" His voice was low and icy.

The strange garb, the tattoo, the three pronged green bladed trident
on the person’s back, he seemed to remember seeing it in a book
before… Something about them warned him this person was
dangerous.

Kova’s shrug was typically nonchalant. "I’m afraid she’s not with us
now, Operative." 

The fury rising from the SpecOp was almost palpable, before he
lunged forward at Kova, ready to strike. Kova watched, one of his
hands resting on the lamp pole, as the fellow covered the distance
between them at an amazing, almost feral, speed.

You may be swift, SpecOp 231, but I am far swifter than you can ever
be.

A fist flew into the air where Kova’s face had been, the other was
directed at his left chest, while a vicious kick just missed his knee
cap as the spy took half a step back. Dodging the ensuing
sweeping overhead kick that smashed into the post, Kova was
about to retaliate when the operative’s other leg followed with a
flying strike to his stomach, along with a vicious elbow just before
his chest, and he was forced to roll diagonally back and away, as
the light flickered out.

Excellent attack, the viciousness and continuity more than made up
for his lack of speed.

The spy got to his feet, staring at the operative, who had paused
momentarily so his eyes could adjust to the darkness. Something
about the fighting style, the way it made full use of the concept
"attack is the best defence," seemed very familiar.

"Torabushi?" Kova murmured, half in astonishment. The operative
did not reply, as he advanced again, his blows coming in rapid
successions. Kova jerked back avoiding the stab to his face, then
leaped lightly away from low right leg sweep while twisting his body
left to avoid the incoming punch, that changed into a backhand
chop as the operative’s left leg followed up with a chest height
roundhouse. Cartwheeling to avoid the chop and kick his legs
struck out in a lightning attack at his foe’s chest and face, but the
enemy’s left arm was already there, and batted them away almost
effortlessly, as though his legs had no more force than an average
punch.

"What the…!" Despite the surprise, Kova righted himself, as the
blows lashed out again. Catching a seam in the barrage of blurred
offensive attacks, it took only a fraction of a second for this series of
subconscious thoughts to cross his mind.

If I strike to his left chest I will be hit by his left jab to my stomach,
but I think I can shift away slightly so no more than a quarter of his
force will have be exerted on me…

Well, to win one has to strike, right?

A single flash streaked through the gap between the officer’s left
forearm and right elbow, and a moderate burst of pain shot through
the man’s upper left shoulder as knuckles struck his lower left ribs.
Although his own blow connected, the impact was not as great as it
should have been, for the criminal recoiled just before the blow
actually connected, reducing the impact.

Kova felt the pain shoot out from his stomach as the enemy’s jab
struck home.

What the hell, I nullified at least three quarters of its force, and it
*still* feels like a regular strike!

To fight is to defeat, to falter is to be defeated.

Both sides knew this, and so they did not cease their combat for an
instant. The operative, ignoring his pain, forged forward again, not
giving Kova another moment’s respite, as the spy tried to avoid
getting hit. The operative watched as the villain with the white long
sleeved shirt and black pants darted in and out between his blows,
more concerned with defence than attack.

Well, I’ll be damned that Mitsuki can actually be right. This f***er is
one shit of a good unarmed warrior. Maybe I should have brought
Mitsuki along…

He quashed the thought, remembering that if two are matched
evenly, the one whose mind weakens first will be the one to lose. He
reflected on the nature of the style he was using, the bait being to
open himself to attack, while striking out. Given that if both strike
out, the Torabushi warrior would prevail for his assault will be
mightier and deadlier, bringing down his opponent if only by mere
exchange of blows. This was the first time he had ever had to use
this style, yet it had failed him, for he could surmise he only inflicted
mediocre damage, as did his enemy to himself.

Trying again, he exposed himself as he attacked, and as the spy
seized the opportunity. Pain lanced through the back of his right
knee, while he struck the enemy’s forearm, that once again recoiled
back to absorb the force.

Kova darted away as the operative kicked out, foot landing onto a
wall, then using it as a leverage performed a crescent spin kick that
was aimed at his skull, forcing Kova to dart diagonally before
slowing his roll so the operative’s left hand just missed striking him.
Even before he was righted 231 came at him again, and Kova
glimpsed a bootshaped indentation in the concrete wall as he
defended himself.

Oh my, he left a dent in the wall… That explains why my stomach
and arm smarts…

The battle continued, but this time Kova just gave before his
attacks, falling back before his blows. The officer frowned, realising
the spy was no longer attempting to strike him, and as such, he
could not strike the man either…

Fine, let’s do it the painful way, he thought.

Kova’s eyes opened wide as he saw a chance, an opportunity, and
responded before his mind could actually make sense of its
existential likelihood. His low sweeping kick struck the officer’s left
ankle, and the man’s leg buckled slightly, for only a split second, but
it truly seemed that he had struck well.

The speed of the officer’s attacks decreased a little, not very
noticeably, but enough so that Kova could take up the offensive
between the attack intervals. The officer began to have to duck, and
block more often, as Kova brought forth his own array of assaults.
Cross body strikes, attacks that changed half way, sweeps that
changed into kicks, all these were one by one deflected by the
officer. Kova felt his confidence return as his foe jumped over his
lower waist swing kick and back away from the simultaneous throat
punch.

Perhaps I may yet defeat this SpecOp. Admittedly he has been an
excellent challenger, the Torabushi are indeed the fiercest warriors
in the universe.

The officer, feeling the tide turn against him, allowed himself a faint
smile.

Kova blinked, then quite suddenly, the operative’s speed increased
again to that of old, and caught him by surprise. A rapid flurry of
counters were initiated, and Kova pulled back as his opponent’s
sudden burst of fury and swiftness allowed him to seize the
initiative, his blows seeming to anticipate and preempt Kova’s
actions…

DAMN!

Faced with no choice, he struck the incoming right wrist down with
a swift chop, but it only diverted the blow by a few degrees. 

Operative 231 felt his hand grow numb, but nevertheless the blow’s
force was from his arm, not his wrist or fingers.

An instant later the knuckles smashed into Kova’s chest, thankfully
at half force due to his skill of avoiding impacts, and the officer
smiled in satisfaction as the criminal staggered back, before
following up with a direct double roundhouse kick to the enemy’s
chest and stomach. Kova managed to dodge one, but had to block
the lower strike. As he did so he twisted his forearm and also used
the force from the blow to fuel his backflip of over about four metres
from his nemesis.

Don’t you run you bastard! The SpecOp thought.

Click.

Kova stared up, face wincing slightly from the blow to his chest, as
the officer levelled a tiny black handgun at him.

"You fight well, villain." The operative murmured, respect brimming
in his voice. His wrist smarted badly, and the left foot that had been
blocked ached from the earlier strike he had offered Kova, as well as
from the quick twist administered even as his enemy had been
forced to block his blow, but he knew to show his pain would be
foolish, maybe even fatal. "But I’ll be damned if I’m going to let shit
like you off." His world snapped back into focus as the adrenalin
subsided slightly, and he remembered his purpose. "*WHERE* is
Kiyone?" He snarled, his finger tensing.

Kova stared at the gun. It was a small device, about fifteen
centimetres long, and looked *very* primitive. He had no doubt as to
its utility, however - the Special Forces Operatives were among the
most efficient crime fighting teams. Somehow finding one of such
calibre and belonging to the almost legendary and elite Torabushi
warrior clan seemed to top it off just fine.

But to hell with him, the more dangerous the foe, the more
imperative that he dies.

"And pray tell, who is she to you?" He murmured softly, his voice
calm, though he remained down on one knee, one hand clutching at
his stomach and chest. 

"That is none of your business, scum!" He cried, his voice betraying
his anger and fear. "Tell me or I’ll smash your f***ing brains out!"

The emotion was clearly conveyed in his voice, and Kova winced as
an ugly suspicion reared in his head…

Could she have another …?

The thought vanished into nothingness as the implicit trust he had
in her tore it to shreds, but he could feel the bitter, tangy aftertaste of
jealousy in his mind still…

"All right, officer 231, she should be in her apartment…" He
submitted, holding one hand up, as the other was still pressed to
his hurting chest.

"Where is the apartment?" The SpecOp’s eyes narrowed
suspiciously. "And how do I know you’re not lying?" Already the
pain was leaving him, but nevertheless in the darkness he could not
make out the enemy’s face.

"You have my word." Kova murmured. "I swear by my love for…"
He bit his lip, remembering to stop himself. "… my life."

For a moment hope surged in the operative’s heart, but he
remembered he was dealing with an enemy noted for his cunning
and ruthlessness. "Yeah right." Now that he had the man at his
mercy, he cursed mentally, remembering he did not have a standard
Blaster with a Stun shot, for he dare not slay this man without
knowing or at least confirming, Kiyone’s whereabouts and state.
"Now I order you to…"

"Fat hope, Op." Kova smiled, his mind working.

I wonder if I can get him to…

The operative’s eyes narrowed as he spotted the hand move, a flash
of metal in the darkness, and reflexively opened fire. He just
managed to glimpse the shield of azure light encase Kova’s forearm
before he threw himself back…

Kova grinned as the officer hurled himself away, with the reflected
lead slugs grazing the base of his chin, where his heart would have
been if it had not been for his swift reactions.

231 grimaced angrily as Kova stood up, his laser shield flashing out
of existence.

"How do you feel?" Kova asked, nonchalantly twirling his silver rod.
Normally he would have slain the person by now, only…

He knew Kiyone. That she was a single child and… The words
‘Have I seen you before?’ echoed in his mind, dispelling his final
doubts, but he still recalled the shine of the now extinguished lamp
light on the operative’s green hair and eyes, the way they looked
like hers…

The operative, surprised for the respite but no less wrathful, got up
to his feet, watching as the rod spun in Kova’s hand. It obviously
was *not* a gun.

The f***er got me to put one over myself!

"You’re asking for *hell*, buster," the operative reached out behind
him, pulling out the trident.

The weapon was slightly less than two metres long, with a
seemingly wooden handle and a three-pronged head of green
metal. The two outer prongs of it were arranged so they were the
two points of a crescent that seemed to have been melded on a
green spear tip, while holes were placed in even of intervals and all
three sharpened edges were directed at him.

Kova realised the tattoo was a black version of the trident, and dimly
some passages from deep in his dusty memories unearthed
themselves…

"You have attained the 10th level of mastery?" The incredulity was
in his voice, for most men did not normally do so until they were at
least in their mid thirties, while this fellow looked in his very early
twenties. 

"Cut the bullshit!" The operative sounded belligerent still, but
surprise was welling in his heart. Few knew of the progression
levels of the Torabushi outside the sect, and this man, from his
combat style, was clearly not a fellow initiate.

Kova stared at the officer, wondering why wasn’t he attacking yet.

Oh yes, the Torabushi value honour above many other things.

"I am ready." The two laser shields shone out, covering both his
forearms. "And I warn you- beware!" His face became grim and
confident, for with his laser weapons the strength advantage the
officer had over him could be neutralised to a greater part…

The operative charged, diving under the silver blur arcing at him.
The spy side stepped 231’s thrust that promptly turned into a
bladed sweep at his midsection, and sparks flew as his right shield
blocked the attack. Then his left forearm twisted and sliced out over
the officer’s ducking head, before lowering to parry the wooden
handle swinging to his ribs.

The officer felt his instincts scream in warning, and dived away.

What the…!?

Cold sweat broke out on his brow as the cerulean scythe arced
through the air from behind, and just missed taking his shoulder
and upper chest off. His head and neck were saved only because
he had brought his trident’s handle up, and light blue sparks
crackled as the blade connected with the wood, before returning to
Kova, who was regarding the operative with an odd, curious
expression.

I wonder why his trident handle wasn’t sliced apart…

231 rolled sideways away, and stared up at him, eyes blazing with
fury, before leaping on Kova like an enraged tiger, as Kova’s
forearm shields sheathed out of existence. "I’m gonna beat the
*F**** outta ya!" The trident slashed and hacked out in a blur of teal
and light brown.

"My pleasure…" Kova stepped back, his blood burning in
anticipation.

At last, someone of my calibre. I’ve been looking forward to testing
my skills…

===================================== 

Kiyone finally staggered back into her apartment, her mind reeling
with fragments of conversation just a few minutes before. Her
blonde partner, who had been waiting in the living room, had heard
her voice and turned from the TV.

"Oh Kiyone!" She had exclaimed. "Washu said you went out, where
have you been?"

"Mihoshi, just lay off, okay?" The blonde hurried over, heedless.

"But Kiyone…" Her nose wrinkled as she smelt the stench of
alcohol. "You’ve been drinking!?" Mihoshi’s eyes widened as she
spotted the tears marks on her face. "Who made you…?"

Kiyone scowled. "It’s none of your business, Mihoshi!"

"I…" Mihoshi uttered as Kiyone turned from her and approached
the door. "Wait up, Kiyone!"

"Mihoshi…" Kiyone licked her lips. "I need some time in the
apartment just by myself, okay?" She dimly made out another
heated debate between Ryoko and Aeka over their haul. Ryoko
seemed to have some things that Aeka supposedly wanted …

"Is it because of Kova?"

"Erm, yeah." She said softly.

"I won’t have him making you cry!" Mihoshi declared, planting her
hands defiantly on her hip. "I won’t have him pushing you around!"

"He did not…" Kiyone flinched as she recalled how he *had*
pushed her off the chair at the Yagami. "He… didn’t mean it."

"Well I’d like to make sure he doesn’t do it again." Mihoshi looked
calm, but her face was set in determination. "I’ll be with you,
Kiyone."

"Mihoshi!!"

She couldn’t, or didn’t, want to remember how she managed to get
Mihoshi to lay off, although the dim memory of clamping the
blonde’s mouth shout and Sasami pleading with Mihoshi on her
behalf stuck with her. Quite naturally, her hand went up to her head.

Oh, I really *do* have a headache, its not just from thinking of
Mihoshi…

Lying back on the ground, the fragrant aroma of Sasami’s quickly
cooked meal was the only thing that prevented her from nodding
off.

Damned alcohol, she swore. Provokes the desire and takes away
the performance… <anyone recognise this quote ^_^ > She fought
to keep her eyes open. Dimly she could hear the sounds of a dream
beckoning her. 

Hmm, sounded a little violent, possibly involved fighting.

Her eyelids fluttered as the sounds grew louder.

I *must* stay awake!

With a visible effort, she opened her eyes again.

Funny, the sounds are still coming…

Her emerald eyes widened.

===================================== 

"Having fun?" Kova grinned at the operative, through another flare
of flying blue sparks. 

The officer stared grimly back, his trident moving in to slash at his
foe’s shoulder. Kova lightly pushed off the wall as the trident cut a
small chunk out of it, his scythe blade sweeping out, as the
operative parried with the trident’s handle, and the deflected scythe
sliced a lamp post into two.

They were quite a distance from each other, just within their
weapons’ reach, leaping lightly off the buildings, their weapons
exchanging blows in blurs and sparks. Battling and leaping over
alleys, onto roofs, they had moved quite a distance from where they
had started, leaving in their wake certain piles of rubble, several
smashed roofs, broken hydrants, severed street lamp posts and
scarred buildings.

The operative, despite his determined front, was mentally uncertain
of himself. In the whole of his adult life, he had never once met a foe
like this, apart from his Torabushi battlemasters whom he trusted
and were not so, well, potentially deadly. They too, did not possess
the speed, consistency or even confidence of this enemy.

"I for one enjoy this," the scythe was spinning in circles, batting
away his strikes, then shot out with the blinding speed
characteristic of Kova’s attacks. The operative backed off, his
trident beating it back, before Kova took up the initiative, sending a
blistering barrage of offensive strokes beating down upon his
enemy. 231 fell back, before just as suddenly countering and
leaping diagonally, away, but Kova, with an almost good-natured
smile, avoided the thrust by side stepping so his scythe handle
defended his chest.

The officer could not help feeling worried, the ease with which the
man carried himself was almost overwhelming, especially in a
combat such as this. At least he felt this person was a man of
honour - he did not use his laser shields nor employ the Blaster
which the files stated he used as a regular firearm - which was
strange, for all the data about the person had pointed to him as
being utterly unscrupulous. But if he was there was a chance
Kiyone might be alive, simply because he said so. As to defeating
him, there was also the sweat showing where his foe’s white office
shirt stuck to his chest which betrayed his effort, but his movement
was still as swift and tireless as before. 

"Where is Kiyone?!" He growled from behind clenched teeth.

"I told you, she’s in her apartment." The trident turned aside the
scythe blade and then its swinging handle base just before going in
for a thrust. "Just over there, see?" Kova pointed with a hand as the
scythe midsection arrested the thrust. The officer resisted the
impulse to look, and twisted, a form of disarming, though by now he
already saw it was near futile. Using his foe’s formidable strength in
the turn of the trident, Kova leaped clockwise as the scythe
threatened to twist out of his fingers, flipping over once before
landing and parrying the following slash. "It’s just over there, why
don’t you look?" Still staring in the direction he had pointed to, he
grinned again, before the curved blade flashed out, then was halted
from splitting 231’s body into two by a quick block, and a dive.

Suddenly his face turned pale. "Oh no…" He managed, as he just
happened to glimpse a swiftly moving shape throw open the door
and hurry out.

"What?" The officer asked, weapon lashing out again.

"I’m sorry, but I don’t think she’s in her apartment." Kova almost
subconsciously blocked the blow.

Seize the enemy’s moment of distraction!

The spy arched his brows in surprise, as the officer slid along his
trident’s handle, his body moving closer in, and as the trident
swung in a side slash to Kova’s left, the man’s form swung over the
handle like he would a railing, only it was with his legs straight out
ahead. Kova had almost instinctively moved right, away from the
slash that he parried with the scythe, and was caught off guard by
the boots hurtling towards him. Diving down and away, he managed
to avoid one kick, but the other caught him in his shoulder as he
retreated.

His *left* shoulder.

"Unngh!" He rolled a few metres away due to the force of the kick,
and his face was contorted in a rictus of pain, for he had taken
almost full brunt for that blow.

God that hurts! His eyes narrowed. No more mister nice spy.

The operative moved in for the kill, sensing he had a finally landed a
proper blow on his opponent, but his triumph was short lived, as he
saw his foe rise to his feet, face dark like thundercloud, sapphire
eyes blazing dark and cold with anger and malice. The scythe sliced
forward towards his trident, smashing its blow aside.

The Officer opened his eyes as he felt the brute force born of anger
bear on his weapon, and despite his superior strength he felt a cold
sliver of fear pierce him.

"You *will* pay!" Kova spat vehemently, his voice livid with wrath,
and his weapon darted in like lightning, the operative could barely
react to it. "If I kill you she won’t have to know…"

231 fell back, hard pressed before the continuous barrage of blows
that streamed towards in seemingly endless flowing motions, like
the inexorable, eternal breaking of waves upon the shore. Through
the flashes of cerulean and leaping sparks of azure he glimpsed a
touch of red about his opponent that darted about lightly, hemming
him in from seemingly all sides.

Did that kick draw blood? He asked himself. A bad bruise, a heck lot
of pain, maybe even broken bones sure, but blood?

Another chill sliver of fear pierced him as the scythe’s sweep just
whizzed by left forearm, tearing his robes as its passage blistered
his skin, while the ceaseless attack raged on.

He tried to recall his teachings – in the enemy’s time of strength,
avoid his muscle. Rather let him wear himself out, before stepping in
to seize his weakness.

But was this his moment of weakness or of strength? Granted his
fury may lend him might, but the consistent speed and lethal
presses presented a different idea. Also despite his drawing first
blood, his foe seemed not in the least inconvenienced by it…

Within his finely honed mind that was insulated from physical
suffering by his enduring body as well as emotional extremes, Kova
was worried too.

She is drawing near…

"On guard!" Kova cried as he somersaulted away, his scythe
leaving his hands. Sensing danger, the operative hurled himself
away, throwing his trident from him as the blue streak struck the teal
spear point. A blinding blue detonation tore through the dimmed
streets of the place, and the operative felt his skin blister and scorch
from the explosion’s searing heat, as the light consumed the trident
and ripped apart the dark velvet fabric of the night. 

Kova stood on the rooftop, right hand clutched to his bleeding
shoulder, left hand holding the returning scythe, eyes watching
apprehensively as the fleeting figure in the distant shadows of
buildings accelerated. Turning he regarded the officer once again,
who was still standing, but only barely so, by leaning back against a
wall, who nevertheless raised his head to stare defiantly at his
nemesis.

I may hurt, but I am ready to fight you again. I *will* defeat you,
villain, and find Kiyone.

His fists clenched as he tried to stand up unaided, with his
miraculously unscathed trident lying on the ground some three
metres from him, between him and the silhouette atop the scarred
building opposite, standing menacingly against the Prussian blue
night sky, the azure scythe glowing ominously before him.

"I bid you adieu, Operative 231," Kova smirked, still holding his
shoulder, as his left hand sent the cerulean streak hurtling down. 

231 dived away as the scythe arced down, but instead of heading
for where he stood, it struck diagonally beside the trident, sending it
flying up in his general direction.

"What the…?" He reflexively caught his weapon, as the scythe spun
away into a darkened alley, for the spy had vanished from the roof.
A slight movement as the blue weapon vanished, and he knew he
had lost his foe.

Adrenalin drained from him and he felt his hurts return, but they
were already reducing as his body recovered.

A man of honour, he thought to himself, as he leaned back on the
wall, his weapon resting point down on the floor. Does that mean
Kiyone really might be…?

His heart leaped within him as he heard someone running over, and
a speeding shape appeared in the direction Kova had pointed in,
about thirty metres from him, seemingly holding something out
before it. He shifted slightly and the person quickly spun around,
the object in its hands pointing at him.

"Kiyone…?" He managed, his sweat streaked face breaking out into
a smile.

"Operative 231?" Kiyone managed, shocked, as she lowered her
blaster. "What are you doing here?" She took in his appearance,
and his clothes. "Grey?" The colour of mourning. "Where’s your
uniform?" She asked, as she drew near, stepping slowly, both
hands held on her GP blaster.

"You’re all right…" He managed, expressing surprised joy in his
voice, and his vision started to blur with tears of joy, as the one his
eyes lit upon the one he thought dead.

"He’s been here, hasn’t he?" She questioned, her expression tense,
eyes scanning the area warily, standing some ten metres from the
operative. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the officer stand
upright, and painfully move nearer. "He hurt you?"

"Not more than I did him." He replied, for his burns were already
becoming less visible. "I managed to take some blood out of that
bastard." The operative’s eyes opened wide as Kiyone turned to
stare at him, eyes blazing with intense hatred. "Chief Inspector?"

*You* ruined this night for me! And you dare call *him* that, he who
let you hurt him for *me*!?

Kiyone closed her eyes, licking her lips, trying to quell the rising
anger.

He’s just another cop. He’s just following orders. 

"I’m okay, just upset." She licked her lips again and opened her
eyes, relaxing as she realised there was nothing to fear from the
darkness. "Where’s Detective Mitsuki?" She remembered she was
no longer the head of this assignment. "Sir?"

"Urm, I left her on board the Midorishu…" the operative grinned
nervously. True, Mitsuki *had* been left on board Midorishu, only
she was unconscious… "And you don’t have to call me sir, Kiyone."

"Indeed." Kiyone felt odd, it seemed the man was making advances
to her, as they walked to another street, where it was lighted,
towards her apartment. "Sir." 

The operative frowned, hearing the cold tone in her voice as she
walked ahead of him.

I am losing her!

But you never had her, you numbskull. She never knew of you,
never knew you existed…

"Chief Inspector Kiyone?" He tried.

Irritated, she spun around to face him. "What do you want, *sir*?"
The after effects of intoxication meant her resentment at being
assigned under this man was thinly veiled. Although she was a
Chief Inspector while he was just another operative, by rights of
assignment hierarchy he was nevertheless her superior.

"Seion’s the name, not sir." He smiled, holding out his hand to her.
"Just Seion."

Kiyone just stared blankly at his hand. In the relative short and rare
periods they were assigned outside their special forces teams,
SpecOps didn’t normally announce their names. They were
assigned to a mission, deployed, and gone again.

But there was something odd in the way he watched her. Like Kova
there was no desire within, just a person trying to reach out, but a
person reaching for something else…

The light shone on Seion’s dark green hair, and lighted on his
curling smile. The way he spoke, the way he moved, the way he
carried himself… Distant memories stirred, from what seemed so
long ago. Faces flitted out from behind the musty curtains from the
back of her mind.

A framed photo on the chair at the table… Wisps of curling light
green hair…

Kiyone started from her reverie, eyes widening as in the darkness
behind Seion’s shoulder she saw a flicker of movement in the
shadows, and an almost ghostly glow of blue, almost as though the
owner could speak right into her head.

If he irritates you Kiyone, all you need to do is give the word.

Seion spun around as he saw her eyes glaze over and her
expression lock in apprehension. 

"It’s that villain!!" He cried, gripping his trident tightly as the black
handgun rose up…

He’s going to shoot! Kiyone thought…

Quickly she stepped behind him, half blocking his view, and opened
fire with her own blaster. Golden beams, aimed just slightly off
tangent, sliced through the darkness of the night, as the shadow
melted away.

"Damn, we let him…!"

"Forget it, sir. You’re hurt, and he won’t come after you, not with me
here…" She replied, her eyes scanning carefully, though she had
no doubt he would take the hint.

Seion’s gaze darted around suspiciously, searching for a sign, but
he saw none. "All right, I’ll spare the lucky bastard’s hide this time
round."

Kiyone’s brows knitted in irritation. "I say we move where he can’t
get to us so easily."

"Fine." Seion replied. "Lead the way." The ache from his pains,
though still substantial, was receding gradually, and his mind was
clearing. "What about you, Kiyone? How did you survive that
criminal’s attack earlier?" Seion asked, as he followed behind her,
still on the alert.

The detective’s face darkened at the memory. "I am a 2nd class Chief
Inspector, sir."

"Bah, forget that!" He said amiably, although it was too amiably in
Kiyone’s opinion. "Just call me Seion, and I’ll call you Kiyone…"

Kiyone ground her teeth but another flashback… dark green hair,
emerald eyes…

But I’ve never seen him before… or have I?

A series of jumbled images came back to her, of the sight of her
mother’s back as she left her when she was six; at twelve when she
had ordered her mother away; the day of the posthumous award;
her graduation from the Academy… Places, events, but of the
successions of myriad faces and people she met and remembered,
none of them was this man walking behind her…

"Kiyone?" He asked, sounding worried.

She shook her head, trying to dissipate the gathering mists of
nostalgia. "Nothing, just thinking…" Her eyes widened as Seion
stepped in front her, regarding her in a worried manner. "Officer
231?"

"Are you all right?" He bent down before her, looking up at her face
with concerned eyes.

"I’m… fine!" Kiyone angrily moved away from his gaze. "Stay back!"

Operative 231 stepped back, his face a little chagrined but
nevertheless not expressing overt fear. 

God this is *hard*. Luckily Mitsuki told me a little something about
her or she might have been seriously pissed off with me by now…
Mustn’t be my usual brash self…

He swallowed his disappointment, and asked again. "How did you
survive his attack?"

"I was lucky, the GP blaster was set on Stun. Then Washu and
Tenchi came in before he could…" She winced inwardly at the lie.
"…hurt me and when I came to I was more or less alright."

"Well, I’ll be!" He murmured as he got up. "You must be one heck of
a lucky to get away from that frigging bastard." He fingered the front
of his body, still throbbing with some residual pain from the blast
earlier. "Hell, I learnt that the hard way."

"Right, sir." Kiyone nodded, as they reached the steps to her
apartment.

"No mercy to those f***ers." His eyes narrowed. "They want war,
fine – we’ll give ‘em war." Kiyone tried to hide her dissatisfaction.
Though her mother had been in the Special Forces too, she never
remembered her mom going on in this manner… "They’d sooner
twist your head off than talk, so I don’t want you anywhere near him
without putting two holes in his chest with your blaster, Kiyone."

Every word bit into her, like sharpened fangs of cold steel…

"Y… y…" She paused a while, trying to let her voice steady and cool
her anger down. "…s…"

She can’t seriously be considering parleying with that criminal, can
she?

His tone became more authoritative. "That’s an *order*, Chief
Inspector Kiyone!"

"Y…yes, sir." She replied, not looking him in the eye.

There was a glint of greyish metal from her skirt pocket as she
climbed in front of him, GP blaster in one hand… "Hey, what’s
that?"

"What’s what?" Kiyone turned around, annoyed.

"That blaster…"

Fortunately Seion was trying to peer at the weapon, so he missed
seeing her face turn ashen. "Oh that!" Kiyone laughed it off. The
operative stared up at her, his face a bit puzzled at her rapid
transformation. "It’s a present from Washu! Want to see?"

Seion blinked, then nodded enthusiastically as his eyes lighted up.
"Yeah, sure!" Washu’s weapon! Wow must be something great!

Kova, forgive me… Kiyone thought as she handed it over to the
operative.

Eager hands seized the weapon, caressing its metal edge. "That’s
funny, this is quite an old device…" He frowned, as he tried to
remember his weapons specialist training, one of his favourite
courses. "A primitive space firearm, known as Astral Adaptor, was it
Model K11, K13? <shouldn’t be too difficult to figure out why I chose
these numbers ^_^ > No, not right…" Kiyone watched as he twisted
the explosive enhancer off. "Oh, model K12!" His fingers stroked its
surface. "Remarkable working order, for a Juraian handgun of over
a century old." He smiled to himself. "Then again it is noted for
reliability, durability and consistent operation under most trying
conditions. Hmm, the Adaptor lives up to its name, it can be fitted
with most standard enhancers of its time as well as ours…" Kiyone
got the impression he was just talking to himself, as he turned the
enhancer over. "This must be what Professor Washu made." He
looked puzzled as he peered about it, before finally placing it back
on the blaster and returning it. "Heh, can’t seem to figure it out, what
does it do, Kiyone?"

She stared at his yearning face, looking almost like a little boy
asking for a present. "Well, I was given to know it amplifies a laser
beam so it explodes upon impact."

Seion’s eyes lighted up with glee. "Cool! Do you think you could get
Washu to…?" He seemed to remember something. "Oh yeah, don’t
need that, I have my Imperial Tiger…"

"Hmm?" Kiyone asked as they stepped into her apartment. "What
Impe…"

"Kinda empty in here…" His nostrils twitched to a fragrant aroma.
"Food!" Seion shouted in glee. "Smells great! Table set for two,
huh?" 

Kiyone’s heart constricted as she thought of what might have
been…

"Man, I’m hungry, can I have some!?" His eyes went to her. "May
I…" His mirth died as his eyes lighted on her aggrieved, weary
expression as she sat herself down on the floor. "Kiyone, what’s
wrong?"

"Nothing, it’s just that…" She shook her head. "Go ahead and help
yourself."

"All right, thanks!" Seion launched himself at one plate. "God this
tastes every mite as good as it looks!"

Kiyone sighed softly as she slumped back against her futon.

I wonder how he’s taking it. 

The wall facing her and diagonally behind Seion’s right seemed to
blink a little as a door materialised on it. "What the…!?" 

And in an instant Seion was up and at the ready.

A piping voice shrilled out as the door opened. "Erm, Kiyo… AHH!"

Seion’s fist stopped a couple of centimetres from the person’s face,
before he blinked a moment. "Chie…f Inspector M…Mihoshi!?" He
stammered, feeling his innards start to quake.

Oh my god does she look different from in her profile…

"Uh…" The blonde managed, her eyes focused solely on the very
solid looking knuckles that seemed to fill her entire vision. "U…." As
if undecided on whether to crescendo into a scream or
decrescendo into silence.

Kiyone felt her face go crimson and a drop of sweat form on her
forehead. 

Oh my god if Seion hadn’t showed up Mihoshi would have come in
while…

Her mind didn’t dare follow that line of thought.

Seion finally lowered his fist to to take a good look at her.
"M…Mihoshi…" Eager green flames danced behind his eyes.
"Wow…"

Mihoshi blinked, finally absorbing the situation. "Er, who are you?"
Though her blue eyes were blank with confusion, a glimpse of his
well muscled chest and right arm, still glistening with some sweat
from the earlier combat, did raise her eyebrows a little. Her gaze
went from Seion to Kiyone, who was looking very very tense, her
crimson face locked up in an expression of utter horror. "Kiyone,
where is K…!!!"

The operative blinked.

Hey where did the chick go?

His gaze travelled down and to his right, where Kiyone, her face red
and looking sheepishly guilty, was lying on top of Mihoshi, one
hand clamped tightly before the blonde’s mouth. Seion gulped, as
another sweatdrop appeared on his forehead.

God, there *is* someone who can move faster than that frigging rat
of a criminal…

"Kiyone?" He asked, nervously. "Mihoshi?"

"Mmmm? Mmmhph!?"

"Oh nothing." Kiyone smiled. "Let’s just say its for old time’s sake."

"Mblfl! Mrrgl!"

"If you will step that way a moment, sir, I have something to say to
my partner."

"Uh…kay."

Kiyone whispered vehemently into Mihoshi’s ear as the operative
drew away. "What the f*** do you think you’re doing coming in here
now!" Her face was still burning. "If it were me and Kova in here
you’d be lucky to escape from here alive!!"

"Mmmmf?" Mihoshi’s eyes were blank, and Kiyone sighed in
exasperation. She obviously *wasn’t* going to get the message.
"Mmm, mmmfh kph?"

"He’s not here. Don’t ask about him in front of that man…"

"Muy?"

"*Because* he’s a Galaxy Police Special operative." Kiyone fought
the urge to slap her forehead as Mihoshi’s eyes lit up happily. "And
he’s here to catch or kill Kova." Mihoshi’s eyes dilated and dimmed.
"He was fighting Kova just now." Her eyes closed in helplessness.
"And we *must* follow his orders."

"MMM!? MMMBBPHMB!!!"

"So we must *not* let him know about us and Kova, okay? You are
*not* to mention Kova in front of either him or Mitsuki, who
incidentally should be here soon." Her hand squeezed harder on
Mihoshi’s face. "You *understand*!?" Reluctantly, Mihoshi subsided
and nodded solemnly, at least as best as she could under Kiyone’s
iron grip.

"We’re done, sir!" Kiyone got up, releasing Mihoshi. The blonde
rubbed her jaw, which was gradually regaining feeling.

"Great!" Seion turned around, looking cheered. He smiled at
Mihoshi as she got up, in her pink blouse and blue jeans, but her
blue eyes showed only apprehension and mistrust. "Erm, Chief
Inspector Mihoshi?"

The blonde just looked blankly at him. "Yes?"

Kiyone frowned and elbowed her lightly.

"Erm… sir?" She tried again.

He cast a quick glance at Kiyone, who certainly didn’t look very
inclined to do an introduction. "You can call me Seion, Chief
Inspector Mihoshi."

"Uh, okay, Seion." Mihoshi replied hesitantly. "Sir."

Seion frowned, turning to Kiyone, who stared back at him a little too
good-naturedly. "Yes, sir?"

He rolled his eyes. "Look, the two of you don’t have to call me sir,
I’m just Seion, okay?" He repeated himself slowly. "Seion. Just
Seion."

"Seion…" Mihoshi went thoughtfully. "Seion…?"

"Ma…" The operative’s eyes widened and he quickly managed to
shut his trap. "Erm, never mind…" Kiyone stared at him
suspiciously, her eyes wide.

Could it be…

"So you’ll just call me Seion?" He tried again, hopefully. "And I’ll just
call you Mihoshi and Kiyone, okay?"

"Yeah, fine." Kiyone commented drily. "Now if you don’t mind, *sir*,
I’d like to eat…"

"Yes, please do!" He quickly gestured at the untouched food
opposite his, and Kiyone settled down there. He looked at the meal
he had started wolfing on earlier, and looked questioningly at
Mihoshi. "Erm, Mihoshi…?"

The blonde made a slightly discomfitted face. "Er… no sir..."

Visibly disappointed, Seion sat down opposite Kiyone and
continued eating, while Mihoshi stood to one side and watched
mutely.

First Kova takes my place, now this man. They even look like they
were meant to be together, with their dark green hair, almost like
they were related…

Kiyone, too, was deep in thought as Seion downed some
mouthfuls, and her eyes were full of sorrow as her appetite bled
away.

Now he’s taken your place, Kova… 

A sad smile formed on her face, as she tried to blink away the tears.

Wherever you are, please don’t be too hurt by this. I love you.

===================================== 

Her consciousness returned, and her vision swam a little, before
finally settled down. Blinking once or twice, her mind finally
registered exactly what she was looking at.

The metallic light blue ceiling of the Midorishu.

Oww, my head hurts…

The brunette detective dragged her elbows into place, hunching her
head back and looked around the insides of the ship. Operative 231
was nowhere to be seen.

"Damned." She swore, as she sat up and leaning on one hand,
massaging the back of her head, her fingers feeling the swollen
lump there. "Godless asshole sure didn’t pull nothing on that." She
took some breaths, and then jumped to her feet. "Hope to hell he
has had the crap beaten out of him." She shook her head. "And
now, I’ve got to find him…"

===================================== 

"Sasami, what are they doing?" Tenchi asked as she emerged from
the bath. Sounds of activity were going on in Aeka’s and Tenchi’s
bedroom, which had been locked up as the two girls sorted their
swag out away from each other.

"Oh we went shopping…" Sasami yawned. Despite the bath it was
still rather late for one such as her. "I guess they’re unpacking."

Tenchi frowned, curious. "But why lock me and you out of our
bedrooms?"

"I don’t know, Tenchi." Sasami shrugged. "They were discussing
something back outside, but they didn’t want to let me hear." Even
though Sasami could and did barge in the moment they raised their
voices so she could have an excuse to listen, they somehow
managed to get enough said without letting the cat of the bag,
leaving her still irked with curiosity.

There was a shriek of annoyance from within Aeka’s room. Tenchi
and Sasami watched as the door slammed open and Aeka stormed
over to Tenchi’s room. Her hand tried to slide the door open, but it
was bolted. 

"Open up!" The princess rapped hard on the door. "Ryoko!"

"What now, princess?" The space pirate, sounding irritated,
drawled back from behind the door.

"You took my…" Aeka bit her lip.

"Yes?" Ryoko sounded amused.

"I order you to open up! NOW!" Aeka fumed.

"Can I help?" Tenchi came over, Sasami tailing him curiously.

Aeka’s eye widened. "Er… no!" She quickly stepped over to shut
the door to her room. "I’ll settle this with Ryoko myself!"

Sasami yawned. "Aeka, I’m sleepy…"

"Just a minute please, Sasami." Aeka rapped on the door again.
"Ryoko! Open up!"

"Give me a while, will you?" Ryoko grumbled, then the door slid
open, but only by a fraction of a body’s width. "Oh, hello Tenchi!"
She grinned, a little nervously.

"Uh, hi…" Tenchi replied. Ryoko stepped a little way out, as her
body blocked Tenchi and Sasami’s view to within the room, and
Aeka hurried in. There was a sound of searching inside, and Ryoko,
looking worried, turned from Tenchi to look in.

"Hey princess, watch that!" She rushed in, her leg closing the door
behind her.

"Where is it? Where did you put it you… pirate!?" Aeka’s voice was
heard from within.

"What is it you want this time?" Ryoko retorted.

"You return me the…" Aeka’s voice stopped as she remembered
something, and there was a slight murmured whisper.

"THAT!?" Ryoko exclaimed. "Why would *I* have it?"

"It’s not in my room!"

"Oh well…" There were more sounds of frenzied searching.

Sasami looked curiously at Tenchi. "I wonder what’s going on?"

"Same here."

"Here it is!" Ryoko cried. "How the hell did it get here?"

"Return it to me, you!" Aeka shrilled. "This minute!"

"Yeah, no problem." The space pirate retorted. "Wouldn’t want
anything to do with something as sucky as this."

There was a sharp intake of breath, and Sasami eagerly awaited the
welcome to barge in if they started quarrelling. They could hear
Aeka breathing in and out slowly, trying to contain her wrath. "Fine
then. We shall see which one does better."

"Well I know mine is sure as hell not going to lose to that piece of
crap!"

"Crap!!! I’ll have you know that…"

Sasami scratched her head. "I wonder if they are playing some kind
of game."

Rrrring!

"Phonecall at this hour…? Must be dad." Tenchi disappeared down
the steps as a sour faced Aeka emerged from his room, cradling a
bundle wrapped in yellow plastic.

"Hello, dad?"

"No Tenchi." The voice was soft, furtive, and apparently a little terse.
"It’s me."

"Kova!? I thought you…"

"Get Kiyone." His voice was tense and his words short. "Now."

"Aren’t you with…?"

"No I am not." The person hissed. "Kiyone, *now*…"

===================================== 

"Huh?"

"It’s for you, Kiyone!" Sasami cried, before vanishing back into the
open doorway.

It’s *him*!

Chopsticks clattered down by the practically full plate. "I’ll be right
back! Don’t touch my food!"

Not that that was a problem, for Mihoshi was looking a little short on
appetite, and though Seion had been staring hungrily since he
finished his portion, it was at something, or rather someone, else… 

"Thanks Sasami!" As she emerged into Tenchi’s house and hurried
down the stairs, racing to pick up the phone. "Hello?"

"The river, where we climbed out in the evening." The voice became
a little caustic. "Take your time if you have to." The speaker became
a little morose here. "I’ll be here all night." There was a click and the
line when dead.

Kiyone felt her hand go limp, and her expression became anxious
as she put down the phone. 

Kova, please understand…

She licked her lips, feeling the taste of the food she had just eaten
and froze for a moment, standing stock-still, before hurrying into the
kitchen.

===================================== 

Aeka tucked Sasami in, a tender smile playing on her lips as she
watched her sister sleep restfully, away from the rather busy day
she had just passed by. Today, the day her blue haired gem of a
sister had helped see her through, the day she and Ryoko had
*actually* agreed on something. 

Imagine that… she smiled.

The discussion was somewhat bitter at times though, especially
about the budget per person. Sasami had stood away from them, as
they discussed things privately, but would barge in the instant
either one raised her voice to within her earshot. This she was
*very* eager to do, especially due to her curiosity, although there
were quite a few times they had nearly drove Sasami mad with their
incessant bickering that .

As for the agreement… I don’t know.

She turned from her sister, stepping over her empty futon, and
headed for the main hall, not noticing that Ryo-oh-ki was nowhere
to be seen, nor in fact, had been seen since they left the house in
mid-afternoon.

Apprehension filled her heart as she followed the stairs down.

Could she have shown him hers already? Maybe he has already
accepted hers…

I should never have trusted her!

Frowning, Aeka crushed the fragment of unsolicited advice from her
old self.

No. Ryoko agreed. Anyway she has always raring for a fight, and
this time, I’ll teach her that she had better think again. But… would I
really win?

Aeka, halfway down the stairs checked to see if Tenchi had noticed
her. The boy was sitting watching television, and while Ryoko was
sitting by his side, unlike her usual self, for she was not hugging or
even trying to get near Tenchi, just sitting there disinterested.

So she feels the tension too.

Aeka looked back, where just under the sofa beneath Ryoko a box
shape lay, and she felt herself lose her composure. Meticulously,
she reminded herself of what lay within the package she held in her
hands, her fingers tracing lightly the shape of her present, and she
could see in her mind’s eye, the two doves winging side by side, the
epitome of love and grace.

I *will* win this…

She reached the bottom of the steps, and walked over to the two of
them, her heart pounding.

"Ahem." She cleared her throat politely.

Tenchi turned around. "Oh it’s you Aeka. How is Sasami?" 

He missed noting the Ryoko lip sync ‘At last, princess!’, although
Aeka did.

"She’s sound asleep. It *is* a little late you know."

"Oh, okay. Guess we’d better go too." Tenchi flicked the remote and
turned the television, before starting to rise. "Huh…?" He stared at
the two hands holding him down by the shoulders on the couch,
one Ryoko’s, the other Aeka’s. "Ryoko? Aeka?"

"Just a moment, Tenchi…" Ryoko whispered, her other hand
grabbing the box from the ground to hold it behind her as Aeka,
careful to keep one hand on Tenchi’s shoulder, made her way
around the couch, to settle beside Tenchi.

Tenchi blinked, then his eyes turned from left to right to left to right,
a sweatdrop forming on his brow, as he realised Ryoko and Aeka
were both looking expectantly and tensely at him, and neither was
concerned about the other’s presence. In fact they seemed to have
planned this…

Oh my god… trapped…

"Relax, lord Tenchi." Aeka murmured soothingly. "We just would
like to present you with some things." Aeka had a hand
meaningfully behind her back. He turned to see Ryoko doing the
same, her eyes with that calm, expectant look.

Wild visions ran amok in his mind as he thought of Washu and the
sample extraction processes, not to mention Ryoko’s nocturnal
sojourn with him to the cave before he knew Washu…

Oh god, help me, some one…!

No, this can’t be right! It’s Aeka, she wouldn’t… would she!?

His eyes bulged wide open as the girls, as one, swivelled their
hands out from behind their backs and cried in unison. "For you,
Tenchi!"

"Wha…!?" was all he could get out.

Aeka and Ryoko had let go of him, each one holding out their gift in
front of him, their eyes shining enthusiastically. Ryoko’s one looked
like a small cubical box of dimensions about fifteen centimetres
packaged in cyan and silver, while Aeka’s wrapped gift looked like
some kind of even trapezium shape wrapped up in rose, violet and
gold.

Another teardrop appeared as he realised their intent.

They will want me to decide which present I like more…

Repressing a shudder, he closed his eyes, trying to think like his
grandfather.

Ryoko and Aeka stared at each other in shock as Tenchi closed his
eyes.

>From the darkness of his mind, Tenchi recalled the Katsuhito’s
teachings…

In both offense and defense, one must remember balance is at all
times paramount. In every attack there should be adequate defense,
while in every parry there must lie the will and the potential for a
strike. Verily, balance is in the nature of everything…

And somehow, he made sense of this. It was a long shot, but still…

Ryoko and Aeka both widened their eyes as Tenchi, eyes still
closed, curled into a serene smile, before opening his eyes,
beaming.

"Ryoko, Aeka, thank you for this."He looked at the two gifts held
before him. "But I’m afraid I cannot accept them…" He flinched
inwardly as the two girls recoiled from him in unbridled
astonishment, but he forced himself to continue.

If there is a chance of resolving this without hurting either one, I will
take it…

"…*unless* both of you exchange your gifts." He grinned from ear
to ear as the two pairs of eyes before him bulged open in shock. As
one their incredulous gazes went from Tenchi to the gifts they held
in their hand, and finally to each other, their mouths gaping like
goldfish.

"TENCHIIII!!!" Ryoko, the first to recover, screamed. "How could
you!!!?"

Aeka just stared blankly, her face utterly dumbfounded.

Tenchi looked saddened by Ryoko and Aeka’s response. "I was
hoping the two of you had learnt how to be friends…"

Ryoko and Aeka looked at him, as his head bowed, and reluctantly,
they exchanged their gifts, with Aeka biting her lip, and Ryoko’s
brows furrowed.

Tenchi looked as the two wrapped gifts were presented to him
again, albeit on different sides.

"Thank you, Aeka, Ryoko."

Quite randomly, he picked the one in Aeka’s hands. Ryoko
suppressed a tremor of jealousy.

He prefers Aeka over me! But it’s my gift… 

And she tingled in excitement.

Aeka also felt joy at first as Tenchi took it from her.

He loves me over Ryoko! But it’s not my gift…

Tenchi looked at the package, wrapped in cyan and silver. It wasn’t
wrapped very well, there were some rumples here and there, and
loose ends, but that Ryoko had tried did say something. He was
going to make a comment thanking her when he remembered Aeka
was present too, and managed to keep quiet. Carefully he took the
packaging apart, and felt warm wood beneath it, and then he saw…

Before him, the surface carved in with and painted with cherry
blossoms, a splendid blend of pink white and touches of light green
where the leaves showed through…

"Oh my…" Aeka couldn’t help saying, as Tenchi stared. It seemed
that contrary to her earlier beliefs, Ryoko did have a liking for wood
and trees, and if this were anything to go by, excellent taste too.
Ryoko smiled to herself as the boy eagerly stripped away the rest of
the wrapping, while making sure not to tear the wrapping paper.

"This is…" Intricately carved over five of the box’s surfaces, were
designs of cherry blossoms, the portion nearer the top bright with
lighter colours, like the crown of a tree shining, while beneath it the
verdant leaves as the pink seemed to dim into softer, sweeter,
fresher tones, and here and there dashes of light and dark brown
where the box had not been painted over, obviously referring to a
tree’s trunk. In certain panels, white doves flew by or roosted within,
the mix of soft white feathers with the pink blossoms and verdant
leaves could only be described at the very least as "…beautiful."

Ryoko beamed. "Open it, Tenchi!"

Aeka felt her heart sink, but she reminded herself – he hasn’t seen
my present yet. He hasn’t, and besides, mine has more meaning. I
still stand a chance in this…

Reverently, Tenchi opened the box, and a strong fragrance of
cherry blossoms filled the room. "Hmmm!" Tenchi breathed in deep,
as Aeka felt something close to admiration arise from the bottom of
her heart.

Well, Ryoko, it seems I have misjudged you, your gift is quite
good…

"Oh…!" He murmured, and lifted out from within the box a silver
locket with a chain made of plain silver. On the surface, in light blue,
somewhat cyan kanji letters, were the names Tenchi and Ryoko.
"Ryoko, I’d never thought something could be so splendid…" 

Ryoko trembled, almost bursting with exhilaration, as Tenchi,
smiling dreamily, unthinkingly made to put on the locket.

Aeka quivered at the sight, as a tremor went through her, and the
bitter realisation struck her and stung hard.

It’s *NOT* fair! I lost… *before* he even saw my present…

Tenchi started, just as his hands were about to place the silver
chain about his neck, as from the corner of his eye he saw Aeka’s
face tremble, and her eyes glisten with tears, as the scene on board
the Comet came rushing back to him…

Oh no… Tenchi you did it *AGAIN*!

Quickly he reached forward for her.

Ryoko’s spirits plunged as the locket slid off Tenchi’s chest, into his
lap and fell onto the floor as he moved to comfort Aeka.

"Tenchi…?" Aeka murmured as he held her by the hands, and
Ryoko felt her heart ache as waves of anger and rage surged in her
mind. "I’m sorry…"

"Don’t be…" He smiled at her, all the while praying that she would
cheer up. "You were the one who presented Ryoko’s present to
me."

"But it’s not mine…" Aeka half sobbed.

Ryoko stared, feeling a mass of conflicting emotions rise up within
her as her triumph tore away from her grasp…

THAT BITCH! Pretending to be weak…!

And Tenchii… how could you…

Tenchi continued pleading with Aeka, as misgivings started to form
in his heart. "I know it’s Ryoko’s, but as much as I adore it, it is also
because you were the one who gave it to me."

Ryoko felt her vision waver, feeling last dregs of victory slip away…

Tenchi watched desperately as Aeka trembled. 

I have to get her back! He thought.

Quite suddenly he hugged her, his lips brushing by her cheeks
lightly. Aeka’s eyes opened wide with surprised joy while Ryoko’s
mind exploded into starbursts of agony.

…to reveal the chasm yawning at her feet.

"AARRGH!" Ryoko’s scream tore through the house, and there was
a tinkle as something smashed onto the ground.

Quickly, Tenchi spun around, his eyes full of fear at Ryoko’s
anguish. "Ryoko, I…" He felt something crunch underfoot.

Shards of crystal, coloured slightly pink…

Finally, from the time the shards of glass landed on the floor, her
fleeting moment of euphoria passed, giving way to the sinking
feeling that had first manifested itself as Ryoko had cried out.
"RYOKO!!!" Aeka screamed her loss and outrage, her eyes blurring
with tears. "How could you…?"

Ryoko blinked as she realised what she had done. "Princess, I …" 

Aeka howled at her, her anger and rage blinding her judgement.
"You *lied*! You *AGREED* this was to be a *contest*, and now…!!"

"I *DIDN’T* mean it!" Ryoko shouted back, equally distraught. "It
hurt…"

Tenchi stopped, his expression frantic and lost, not knowing who to
comfort…

Oh no, what have I done, what have I done…!?

Aeka screamed a few more tirades of incoherent abuse at Ryoko,
then fled up the stairs in a storm of tears. Tenchi almost
automatically went after her, and took three steps before he
remembered…

"Ryoko, I…" He turned around, his face an apoplectic mask of
apology and anguish, only to see the space pirate floating in mid air
over the remnants of Aeka’s present.

"Understood," She whispered angrily. "But that doesn’t mean *I’ll*
have to bear with it!"

"Ryoko…!" He rushed over.

"Good night," she answered angrily and vanished into nothingness
as Tenchi’s fingers flailed at thin air. The boy stood there, frozen for
a moment in anger, then threw himself down in frustration, sorrow
and anger, onto the couch, his eyes brimming with tears…

Balance… Katsuhito whispered sagely in his mind.

"Go to *HELL*!" He cursed aloud. His elbow bumped against
something, and he realised he could still smell the perfumed
fragrance of the cherry blossoms.

The box…

His eyes searched the ground, as he made out the shards of pink
crystal. There was a half a head, another there, a touch of a
feathered wing…

Doves.

And two loose wrist bands, woven out of what looked like light blue
and purple fibres that seemed warm to touch. Tenchi picked them
up, and noticed Ryoko’s locket lying on the ground. Reaching for it,
he found within it a lock of cyan hair.

On a hunch, he looked carefully at the blue and purple wrist bands,
and realised there were curls of Aeka’s purple hair intertwined with
it.

His eyes searched the ground now, and he realised there was a
purple stand of about five centimetres tall for the doves, and most of
the wrapping had clung on to this main component. Holding it up,
he saw its casing had been cracked, and he could make out the
mechanism inside. It resembled that of a music box…

Oh Aeka…

He stared into space, breathing in the scent of cherry blossoms in
the living room, fingers loosely holding the stand with most of the
wrapping around it.

The main door of the house slid open.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi cried happily, turning around. "Oh…" His spirits
sunk back into the doldrums again.

"Hmm?" Nobuyuki, who was standing in the door, stared curiously
at his son. "Tenchi? What are you doing up so late?" He took a
deep breath. "Ahhh… hey, where does that smell come from?" He
stared at the mess in the living room before the TV and the couch.
"And what’s all this?" He looked oddly at the remnants of Aeka’s gift
Tenchi cradled in his hands.

"Dad… I upset Aeka and Ryoko… and I don’t know what to do
now."

Nobuyuki’s first reaction was to shake his head.

Here I am, trying to keep away so he can have a free rein in a house
full of pretty young ladies. I *actually* gave up trying to record his
first time so he could may be buck up and be more free with them,
and look what does he do? He gets them mad…

He shuddered at the memory of the rare few times Achika had
turned on him.

"Well, you can tell me all about it, son." Seating himself on the single
seater sofa beside Tenchi, he took care not to step on any of the
bigger pieces of Aeka’s gift. "Go ahead, you can tell your old dad."

After some more coaxing Tenchi did so, and at the end of it,
Nobuyuki shook his head. "I’m sorry son, but one thing is for sure.
You’re the one at fault."

"I know." Tenchi sighed.

"Now mind you this is a good guideline for *anything* to do with
ladies in future. I knew your mom… and I never won a single
argument with her." His eyes became distant and abstracted. "No
matter what happens, it’s *always* the guy that’s in the wrong,
remember that."

"Yeah yeah, but what do I do?" Tenchi pleaded. "What *can* I do?"

"Well, for starters, you’d have to admit you’re wrong." He stared at
the box, the broken casing and at the shards scattered about the
ground. "And then after that, they’ll still be sore with you for not
trying to see who has the better present." Here Nobuyuki scratched
his head, perplexed. Achika had featured largely in his life, as a
rather expansive character and all encompassing person who had
pervaded every aspect of his life, but ultimately, she was only *one*
woman. "Sorry, Tenchi, but I think you’ll have to work things out
with them…maybe fix something back up for them."

"I don’t even know what they really like…" Tenchi replied. "Apart
from hot potatoes, Sasami’s cooking, maybe Kova’s…"

"The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach, or so I read
somewhere, but I don’t think it applies to women…" Nobuyuki
scratched his head a moment, then stared around the room, before
his face brightened up a little. "I think I may have realised what they
like…" Tenchi’s ears pricked up. "You see, son, when women love,
they give what they feel is the best…"

And when Nobuyuki settled down on the couch to sleep some time
later, the living room was perfectly clean.

===================================== 

A really good while ago, as Aeka had left Sasami sleeping…

"Kiyone, where are you going?" Mihoshi asked, as her partner,
expression tense and worried, yet somehow grim and cold, turned
from the table and headed for the door.

"Out." She didn’t bother to look back as she jerked the front door
open. It swivelled a full hundred and eighty degrees, slammed
against the wall, and bounced back slightly.

Seion stared at her. "What *are* you doing, Kiyone!?" His voice was
flustered. "*He*’s out there…"

"Certainly he’s out there." Kiyone paused in the doorway. "But I can
take care of myself, *sir.*"

"Kiyone, he’s dangerous." He tried again, and she grimaced slightly
as she heard his obvious concern and worry for her, but he couldn’t
see it as she had her back to him. "I know, first hand."

Mihoshi’s eyes shone oddly as she stared from him to Kiyone.

Her back still faced to them, Kiyone’s lips curled into a cold sneer.
"Then go hide under the nearest bush." A short pause. "Sir."

Mihoshi felt sorry for the officer as he winced, almost as if from a
blow, and his energetic green eyes dulled before being lost in the
shadows as he lowered his face, then suddenly stood up and went
after Kiyone. "Then I’ll go with…" 

As his hand landed on her shoulder, Kiyone spun around, her eyes
smouldering as she batted his hand away. "Back off!" she cried.
"Haven’t you done enough already!?" 

Seion stepped back, taken completely by surprise by the ferocity
and fury in her gaze. His eyes were laced with shock and hurt, and
his expression was utterly dumbfounded. "Kiyone…"

"And *that* is Chief Inspector Kiyone to you, Operative 231!" She
retorted. 

Mihoshi watched as Seion took another step back, and his
shoulders bowed as his body stiffened as though he were doubling
up before a painful blow. Kiyone, having said her peace (or war ^_^
), turned her back and somersaulted over the edge of the second
storey balcony to land below, before walking briskly off into the
night.

Several streets away, on a building opposite, someone’s eyes
lighted up as Kiyone disappeared into the shadows. They noted the
direction of her passage, but that was all.

Operative 231 stood at the door and watched dumbly as she
vanished into the shadowed streets, his large frame trembling
slightly, before he trudged two steps back in, and crumpled into a
heap on the ground.

"Uh…sir?" Mihoshi asked. 

He didn’t move.

"Seion?" She licked her lips nervously. His face was wracked with
anguish, the strain showing clearly on it, and his muscular form
trembled slightly. "Are… you all right?"

Operative 231 shook his head slowly, his eyes dull and almost
lifeless.

I wonder if he’s in love with… but he has been staring at me, hasn’t
he? He’s a GP and everything, but if he wants to hurt Kova, what
does that make him?

Mihoshi felt confusion well up in her, then Seion shifted slightly,
stretching his full length out across the floor, lying down and
staring up at the ceiling. Mihoshi’s eyes inadvertantly wandered
about examining his lion like physique. 

His long green hair shone in the light, just like Kiyone’s, and the
emerald eyes were as Kiyone’s, introspective and lost in those
private moments after Mihoshi had dozed off, but even then
something clicked in Mihoshi’s mind.

He even feels like Kiyone, only…

"Mihoshi, could you tell me about her?"

She blinked and the gut feeling vanished into nothingness. "Er,
what do you want to know?"

"Just tell me everything about her since you met her. *Everything.*"

The blonde stared blankly at him. "Urm… why? Sir?"

"I’ve… missed so much." His voice was so soft, Mihoshi had to
strain her ears just to hear him. "So much… of the past…" His voice
faded away, its softening depth lulling Mihoshi’s mind back in time.

Dimly, she saw a cool face and a calm person sitting in the class,
abstracted and removed from the rest of her peers, attention
focused solely on the task of learning. Yet this was the same person
who had picked her up from where she had fallen, and guided her
out of her wellspring of misery.

"She… was very kind," Mihoshi heard herself say. "She was the first
one who helped me when…"

A dull ache stabbed her from within at the memory of the deed that
had led Kiyone to her, before the stab of pain was blunted and worn
by the memory of Kiyone’s concerned yet angry face over hers and
the words had spoken shone like a beacon from within the recesses
of her memory.

Seion turned to stare as Mihoshi as her face saddened. "Are you
all…" Then her pained expression receded to be replaced by
admiration and strength.

"She was very strong…" Mihoshi murmured as she recalled her
partner’s eyes blazing with righteous wrath as she spoke of being
betrayed and of not giving up against the odds. She could
emphathise, she could understand, she was the pillar of strength
that Mihoshi had leaned upon coming to grips with her true
situation.

Why she could do so readily though, was something beyond
Mihoshi’s comprehension.

"And she was smart, and really good too." Mihoshi smiled, her
consciousness retiring into the recollections and reveries of Kiyone
staying back long past lessons to help Mihoshi out. Of Kiyone
staying back at the blaster shooting gallery, training Mihoshi and
shouting endless streams of frustrated exasperation at her, when
she didn’t have to dodge, of course. "There was this time they
caught us at the shooting gallery without any qualified training
officers with us. Kiyone went ‘How’s this for qualifications?’, closed
her eyes and spun herself around. I was going to ask her what she
was doing when she just fired five times. ‘Uh, Kiyone?’ I asked as
she opened her eyes and laughed. That was when I realised the
officer’s face was white. Four bullseyes in the range had been hit,
and he had a small section of his hair by his temple shaved off."
Mihoshi giggled at the memory, and Seion couldn’t help but break
into a slight smile.

"She must have been one swell customer."

"Uh, I don’t know about that. She always says I get all the attention
from the guys," Mihoshi missed the boyish grin flashing briefly on
Seion’s face. "But I think there were guys that went for her. They,
uh…" Her brows wrinkled as she tried to remember. "I think only
two of them became friends with Kiyone, the rest…"

"The lucky ones got away without any bones broken," Seion
laughed.

"Oh, how come you know?" Mihoshi peered curiously at Seion.

"Well, I was interested in knowing," He smiled at her, his depression
finally lifting well and away. "And they always went on and on about
this fierce lady cop who shared my hair colour and temperament,
although of course I don’t treat ladies the way she treats guys."

Mihoshi blushed at the comment.

"Does she takes good care of you?"

"Yeah, I guess… She gets kinda mad at me at times, but I don’t
know, I think she always meant well," Mihoshi’s mind wandered to
several days before when she had burst in on Kiyone and Kova
after lunch. "She hurts me sometimes, but she doesn’t really
know… And if she does she always feels sorry for it." She sighed. "I
wish I could make her happy, but sometimes things just happen,
and I don’t know…" Her expression dimmed. "I do such stupid
things and she gets so upset… sometimes I just wish someone
could come and take care of me, then she wouldn’t have to be so
upset all the time."

Seion’s eyes widened. Was she asking him something, hinting
something? A cursory glance at her face told him she was lost in a
world of her own imagination, her eyes far away…

"And my new partner would take care of me, would *never* be upset
with me no matter how stupid the things I do, and we should be so
close to Kiyone so we can always drop by and visit her!" Mihoshi
ended off enthusiastically. "Oh how *wonderful* that would be." She
looked back at Seion, who was staring at her with a shocked
expression. "Oh oops, sorry." She blushed slightly, embarrassed. "I
didn’t mean to start talking about myself." She sighed. "I wonder if it
will ever happen. You know, I was so scared when Kiyone got a…"
Her eyes widened into two round moons, and her voice trailed away
into silence.

There was a long moment of silence as Seion stared at her, with a
finger on her lower lip, her face utterly shocked and bewildered,
before curiosity finally took hold of him. "Mihoshi?"

"Ooops."

"Mihoshi, what happened to Kiyone?"

"Ooops."

"Mihoshi?"

"Huh!?" She started suddenly. "Oh sorry, I…" Her voice gradually
died away again.

Seion resisted the sudden impulse to stand up and run his hand
through her blonde hair.

She looks so kawaii, so confused and perplexed…

"Mihoshi?"

"Yes?" She looked curiously at him. "Uh…. sir?"

The operative rolled his eyes. "Seion, just Seion."

"Uh, yeah." A pause. "Sure. Seion."

"What did Kiyone get, Mihoshi?" Seion fought the urge to bite his
lip.

But he hadn’t heard of any attachments or anyone who had come
anywhere close unless… it was here on this planet and… the
*boy*!? 

*NO*! It couldn’t be! 

He was jolted out of his thoughts as Mihoshi’s voice broke in on his
thoughts. "Sorry, sir, uh I mean Seion, but I don’t think she’d like me
to tell you about it."

"Oh, I see. Then could you tell me more about the two of…" Seion
ears pricked up warily to the soft sound of a step. Mihoshi blinked
as he interposed himself between her and the open door, his
handgun pointing out and at the ready at the door, and the length of
the queer trident strapped on his back right before her eyes.

"Uh, sir?"

Seion ignored her, his eyes searching warily, handgun shifting
cautiously from side to side. "Back for more?" He asked the figure
that had just ascended the stairs, while fervently praying nothing
had happened to Kiyone.

A female voice, sounding somewhat indignant, rang out. "It’s me,
you idiot!"

"Oooh…" Mihoshi watched as Mitsuki, in complete GP uniform,
stepped closer towards them, her expression disgruntled and her
arms held up.

Seion scowled at her as he lowered his handgun. "*You*, will call
me sir, understood?"

"Yeah, in fact very well." She replied as she walked over and into
the apartment, her words cold and bitter. "You stupid asshole, why
the hell you hit me so hard!?"

"You were in my way," Seion retorted. "I had to get here."

"And *you* were letting your emotions get in the line of duty!"

"If that sorry bastard had really killed her, he should get everything I
give him." His face darkened with anger. "You tried to slow me
down knowing her life could be at stake."

"What the crap are you ranting!? Kiyone’s fine, I just saw her leave
this place." Her eyes rolled innocently up. "She didn’t look too
happy, guess you must have pissed her off." She smiled
sardonically as the operative’s face darkened. "And even if she had
been killed earlier so be it, we still have a job to do!"

"HEY!" Mihoshi cried, stepping beside Seion. "That’s my partner
you’re talking about!"

Mitsuki seemed to realise Mihoshi’s presence for the first time, and a
resentful sneer of a smile formed on her face. "Oh my oh my. If it
isn’t Chief Inspector Mihoshi," she lauged derisively, before her
eyes blazed in bitter anger and jealousy. "God… how I curse the
fates that has brought me lower than even the likes of you…"

There was a blur of movement, and Mitsuki’s head tensed reflexively
as Seion’s palm stopped a centimetre from her cheeks. "I don’t like
hitting women." He growled. "Once for Kiyone is enough, don’t
force me to make this second exception."

Mitsuki backed down, her anger almost palpable as she gestured at
Mihoshi. "Why the hell do you care? Who is *she*, to *you*!?"
Mihoshi grimaced, for the vehemence in her voice could be heard,
and the detective practically spat the words ‘she’ and ‘you.’ "And
Kiyone, who is she to you too, huh?"

"That’s none of your business!"

"No offence, *sir*," Mitsuki retorted tartly. "But it *is* my business.
Are Chief Inspectors Kiyone and Mihoshi not on our assignment
team?"

Seion’s scowl deepened, but he did not reply.

"Erm, couldn’t we all just sit down and talk it out nicely, huh?"
Mihoshi tried.

"No problem, *Chief Inspector*," Mitsuki retorted sarcastically. "As
soon as 231 here tells me why in the world did he break out from HQ
for the two of you."

"Huh!?" Mihoshi asked, astounded. "He what!?"

"Yup, that he did that all right, this chum over here." Mitsuki grinned
meaningfully at Seion. "Good ole 231, always to the rescue, always
the one disobeying orders…"

"Mitsuki…" He growled.

"Yes, 231?" She smiled at him, then turned her attention to the
blonde. "Mihoshi, you do want to know, don’t you?"

"Uh huh… I want to know how did you all get here."

"Yeah, you should have seen *him*," Mitsuki replied. "He was
drunk, just grabbed me like that. I was going to shout blue murder
and give him the good old between the legs, but he went ‘Black
listed? Needa break?’ And I nodded and he went. ‘Mitsuki?’ and I
nodded again. ‘Ah needa pair of wings…and ya needa break…" And
that was when someone came running shouting "231!" and he told
them to f*** off, added an ‘And so this way…’and just hauled me in."
Mitsuki looked at Seion, staring at her testily. "Must admit, I
expected better treatment from him." She rolled her eyes, telling
Mihoshi lady to lady style, pointedly not noting Seion’s expression.
"But no, it was just f*** this and f*** that, and not a single thank you
for flying him through space here. Hell, nHe;Henot just to me but I
figure some guys back at HQ got really pissed at him too. Look at
me, two days in a ship with him and with nothing to show for it but a
*really* nasty bruise on my head." She allowed herself a slight
smirk, as Mihoshi’s eyes widened. "If I had gotten here a day earlier
you’d see me stinking of alcohol. Lucky for me the booze ran out."
She shook her head and did a rather convincing shudder, at least to
Mihoshi’s eyes. "Man, those two days, I’d rather not remember ‘em.
And as for this chum… well I wouldn’t be no friend if I didn’t warn
you to look out for him." She looked earnestly into Mihoshi’s
trusting blue eyes. "Oh, and help me pass that to Kiyone too, will
you? Just between friends, ‘course."

Mihoshi, eyes wide, turned to stare at Seion, distrust and disgust
creeping up from within them 

Seion blinked, his anger turning rapidly into apologetic guilt as
Mihoshi shrank back away from him, before managing to shut his
jaw that had been hanging open.

Oh shit…

"Look, Mihoshi, it wasn’t like that…" He tried.

"Yeah," Mitsuki added, her face perfectly straight. "It could probably
have been a lot worse."

"Look, I was upset, you see…" He forced himself to ignore Mitsuki.
Any more anger directed at her would probably turn Mihoshi
completely against him.

"And why, pray tell?" Mitsuki pressed.

Seion licked his lips. "The report had just came in about the Yagami
being destroyed. I had been flipping through the files to see who
knew her before, and I am sorry to say, thought 1st Class Detective
Mitsuki just happened to be ideal for the job."

Mihoshi listened dumbly.

"Well, you certainly picked the *right* lady who to put up with your
nonsense. And what the hell does the Yagami have to do with you,
Special Operative 231?" Mitsuki asked tartly. "What’s so important
about it?"

Seion closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Kiyone."

Mihoshi took another step back. "Just who *are* you?"

Seion, looking hurt at the distrust in Mihoshi’s eyes, took a step
forward towards her, but Mihoshi retreated further. "I’m sorry,
Mihoshi, but I can’t tell you…" The odd glimmer remained in
Mihoshi’s eyes. "It’s just between me and Kiyone…"

"But I’ve *never* seen you before and she’s *never* mentioned you
either!"

Seion winced at the Mihoshi’s carelessly keen remark that dug deep
in. "She doesn’t know me yet, I guess… But I can promise you and
Kiyone I’d *never* hurt either of you, ever!"

Mitsuki nudged the operative slightly. "231, you’re letting your
emotions get in *our* assignment’s way again. We’re here to arrest
or eradicate a criminal, not for you to fraternise with our two
resident Chief Inspectors." She sighed exaggeratedly as her eyes
swivelled to the blonde. "Well, Mihoshi, just a friendly reminder he’s
the one calling the shots around here, we’ve got to do what he
says." She grinned meaningfully. "So if he asks for favours, you’d
better think twice about saying no…"

Mihoshi’s eyes widened as Seion’s face reddened in fury.

"That’s a load of F***ING bullshit! I’m *NOT* that kind of person!"
Seion exploded.

"Well, you’ve sure fooled me." Mitsuki pointed out insidiously.

"Mihoshi, I just…" his eyes saddened as he saw her withdraw
further and further from him. "…need some time."

The blonde stared at him, unsure of what to say.

"Please…"

Mitsuki smiled to herself, savouring the sight of seeing Seion in so
much discomfiture. "Ah well, enough fun for one night, 231." Seion
scowled at the insultingly patronising tone of her voice. "We’ve got
an assignment to work on, right?"

Licking his lips nervously, he cast a quick glance at the still hesitant
Mihoshi, before relenting. "All right…"

"Well, Mihoshi, how are you and Kiyone doing with our quarry?"

"Huh? Quarry?" Mihoshi replied blankly.

Mitsuki rolled her eyes.

God! *This* is a 2nd Class Chief Inspector!?

"Look, in case you forgot we’re *supposed* to be here hunting for a
criminal, you got that!?" She stared at Mihoshi. "A Class ‘A’
Criminal, you know, a Kova Kashiro, hmm?"

Mihoshi blinked in confusion, then blanched white as the realisation
sank in.

"Hey, what’s wrong?" Seion asked. "Mihoshi, are you all right?"

Mihoshi blinked again. "Uh yah…" She stared back at Seion and
Mitsuki, one watching her with concern, the other with suspicion.
"Yeah, yah, I’m all right…" As if to disprove this point, she sat down
on the floor, blue eyes staring vacantly into space.

"Mihoshi?" Seion, concerned, squatted down beside her.

Mitsuki sighed. "Look, we just want to know where the guy is and
how things are."

"I don’t know…" the blonde mumbled.

"Yeah right, you expect me to believe that?" Somehow she had a
hunch Mihoshi was lying, the blonde didn’t usually react this way.
"Kiyone had said the two of you were discussing some terms with
him, and you don’t even have *any* idea where or how to contact
him?"

"Uh, I don’t," Mihoshi murmured. "Really." Her eyes met Mitsuki’s,
earnest and open.

Now this was odd, Mitsuki decided. Mihoshi had never been good at
dissembling, and she was clearly telling the truth now…

"But how or why?" Seion asked this time, his face level with hers,
and his voice was more gentle. "Kiyone said…"

Mihoshi nodded. "Uh huh, but only Kiyone really knows how to talk
to him. I don’t really know that much, except his name…"

Seion stared at Mitsuki in surprise. Even he, a stranger to Mihoshi,
could just catch of whiff of the implication behind this statement.
Mitsuki shrugged in response, hiding her own surprise well and not
showing a flicker of emotion on her face.

"Looks like you shouldn’t have let her leave, 231."

"She’s her own, Mitsuki." Seion muttered. "She’s not mine to order
around."

"Oh, so you can order me around, is that it!?" Mitsuki let a touch of
anger into her voice. "Anyway you’re the commanding officer for
this assignment, you could have ordered her to stay in." She threw
her hands up into the air. "Great, so Kiyone just walked out on us,
and we have no idea where this criminal is. Fine, we’ll just sit and
wait for her to come back." She was about to plonk herself
comfortably down on the floor when she heard something. 

"No." Seion uttered softly. "He’s nearby."

A sinking feeling rose up in her. "How do you know?"

"I fought him, just now." Seion’s eyes closed. "He is dangerous,
Mitsuki. Very much so." His gaze turned to Mihoshi. "Isn’t he?"

"I, uh…" She stared, looking extremely unsure. Snatches of the
combat before the Masaki household, against the cyborgs holding
Nobuyuki hostage, briefly shot through her mind, how the streaks
of red and blue energies had pierced the night. "I should think so…"

Mitsuki blinked once, then again. "So that guy is lurking around and
*you* let our *only* means of getting to our target go out there
alone!?"

Seion was about to retort in his own defence when… 

"She’ll be okay." A detached but confidence voice replied.

Mitsuki and Seion both started, their brows knitting together in
confused surprise as they turned to stare at Mihoshi, her eyes still
blank and vacant. "What?"

The blonde detective somehow managed to maintain a continual
look of perplexity as she looked at them. "Huh, why you staring at
me like that?"

"You said…" Mitsuki tried.

"Kiyone will be fine." As she confidently announced her stand,
Mihoshi seemed to sink into a deeper spell, her mind unconsciously
attempting to delve deeper into the persona and motivation of
someone, but somehow along the way it got confused who she was
trying to figure out… Faces of Kova, then Seion, Mitsuki, the Galaxy
Police Headquarters blinked in and out, she failed to focus, her
mind unused to this sort of wracking.

I don’t know, I don’t know what to do, or what he is! Something cried
out in her.

Mitsuki and Seion stood up together, the operative declaring. "Sure,
but I still think we better go look for her for her anyway." He cocked
the black handgun he called the Tiger Cub in his hand. "She might
be able to take care of herself, but I doubt she could apprehend him
by herself."

"And I say the sooner we wrap this up the better." Mitsuki added, as
she thought of returning to Headquarters for a promotion and to
wipe out that accursed black mark by her name, courtesy of the
failed attempt to capture Kiyone a year ago, plus being made the
scapegoat when the rightful rulers of Jurai returned to power. "Let’s
go."

Mihoshi didn’t move, her mind still wandering…

What do I do? I can’t tell them or go with them but they’re Galaxy
Police officers and everything and I still don’t know who he is… Oh
all this is so worrying goodness knows what they’d do if they find
him and if only Kiyone were here… but no she isn’t and I don’t know
what to do!

And there is me and Kiyone… is he trying to…? No but she
has…and what about me?

"Mihoshi?" Seion tried, as Mitsuki, sighing in exasperation, was
making for the door.

"Forget her, 231! Every second you spend trying to get her out
means the further our quarry gets from us!"

Seion ignored Mitsuki and tried again. "Mihoshi?" 

"Oh… huh!?" The blonde arose out of her mental reverie.

"Come on, get your blaster and we can go."

"Err…" Mihoshi "Where’re we going?"

"We’ve got a rat to catch."

Mitsuki rolled her eyes as Mihoshi stared blankly at Seion. "231, go
easy on her, okay? Remember, that’s *Mihoshi* you’re dealing
with." She directed her next line at the blonde. "Mihoshi, 231 means
to complete our assignment by apprehending ing Kova Kashiro."

Mihoshi knitted her brows together. "Sorry, but I’m not going with
the two of you." She shook her head resolutely. "Kiyone *will* be
fine, and I don’t think she’ll like it."

Seion briefly entertained thoughts of ordering Mihoshi to come with
them, but her eyes had already lost their focus. For a moment he
wondered if he ought to give in to Mihoshi, who indirectly reinforced
Kiyone’s earlier request not to accompany her, before he
remembered he was above all a cop, and on an assignment. "Well,
whatever you say, then," he sighed to Mitsuki. "Just watch out, he
knows where this apartment is."

Mihoshi didn’t reply. Seion, looking a little nonplussed, turned over
to face Mitsuki who stared irritably from the doorway at him. "Come
on, let’s go. At least this way we don’t have to share any credit with
that bimbo in there."

Seion scowled at her comment, and the two walked down stairs in
silence. They might not like each other at all, but one provided the
range and the other provided the punch…

"Now which way did you see Kiyone go?"

"That way." Mitsuki pointed in a direction.

"Hmm, just a general direction. Well, we’ll just have to sweep the
vicinity. Take care when you’re on reconaissance, I don’t want you
detected or you’ll be down in a blink of an eye."

"I figured that out." She smirked. "And what’s with all the concern?"

"You’re part of my team. End of story." He thought a little. "Even if
you see Kiyone, don’t show yourself. He might be watching her,
especially if they’re negotiating, and also if he’s preparing to take
her out."

Seion flexed his right arm which held his handgun the Tiger Cub,
while his left hand’s fingers caressed the warm wooden surface of
the Tiger Trident’s hand behind him. Even Mitsuki had to admit he
looked impressive, for his muscular body rippled as he moved
soundlessly, his green eyes and face cool and confident, and
although the burnt and blackened surface of the front of his half
robe belied his seemingly invulnerable poise, it made him seemed
more ragged and feral. 

"Time to go hunting," his face shook away the softness and
concern he had shown to Mihoshi within the apartment, and was
filled with the touches of animal anticipation and thrill of the hunt,
his eyes narrowing into wary slits as somehow his stance and
bearing became predatory. "We have a rat to flush out."

"I thought you were trying to impress on me how dangerous he is."
Mitsuki commented drily.

"He is." Seion’s expression became grim. "And that makes the hunt
all the more thrilling and exciting."

===================================== 

Her footsteps were soft light taps on the concrete, as her
destination drew near. The orange glow of the streetlamp shone on
her hair and shoulders, but not on her face, as her fingers wrapped
around the cold metal railings.

Before her, the shimmering surface of the river sparkled, its jet
surface reflecting the myriad lights from the stars in the heavens
and those from the concrete jungle. Emerald eyes stared sadly
upon them, into their dark depths, that seemed to gleam with tiny
fragmented motes of the light above.

"So, was I tailed?" She asked to no one in particular, but her voice
carried.

A shadow melted out from under the eaves of the roof of a building
nearby, half sliding down from over six storeys to land noiselessly
below. "Not to my knowledge."

The orange light shone on him as he soundlessly moved within its
radius, where his white long sleeved shirt was stained crimson over
his left shoulder. Although his pale face was grim and set, but the
eyes were morose and melancholy. 

Kiyone turned from the river, slowly, to face him. Her long hair
billowed about in the cool wind, but though the sadness could be
seen in her expression, there was a light touch of hope and joy.
"For you," her hand raised towards him, holding up the meal she
had saved from just before.

Drawing near, he regarded it, surprised pleasure momentarily
sweeping away his melancholy, and his darkened sapphire eyes lit
up for an instant as his expression softened. "I’m surprised you
remembered." The bitterness was still present in his voice, as the
light on him diminished, but there was a tender touch that blunted
the cutting edge it had possessed on the phone. 

"Is your shoulder all right?" 

His cufflinks flapped loosely in the breeze. "Right enough." His
gruff reply was heard as he took the food from her. "None of your
concern, really." Glancing at the contents, his brows furrowed.
"Someone has worked on this before."

"Yeah." She tried to force a smile. 

Kova watched her, his eyes shining oddly odd. "He took my share
didn’t he?" Leaning back on the railing and the lamppost, his hand
picking up the plastic spoon, he gingerly took a mouthful, but his
gaze never left her face for a moment.

Kiyone pursed her lips together. "That he did."

He let out a long breath, and his head bowed, as he stared at
Sasami’s work. "You didn’t eat very much either." His hand
stretched out, holding the fare to her. "Want more?"

Her lips quivered, nearly breaking her smile as she recognised his
gesture. 

Rejection.

"Look, Kova-chan, it wasn’t what it seemed."

"Yeah, I know." His tense body relaxed, almost in defeat, as he let
his length slide down the pole, to sit on the floor at her feet, then
raised his head to stare her straight in the face as the packeted meal
was placed on the ground behind the lamppost. Sapphire stones
shone out, trying to pierce through the green windows into her soul
behind. "Your blaster was aimed to miss, I know." Not that it had
hurt any less. "But the rest…? The meal…?"

Her strained smile faded away as the baleful, chill green flames of
jealousy flared up within the azure pupils. "I… had to act so we were
no longer in your territory…"

"You know as well as I do I have no territory." A bitter pause. "Not
anymore."

Kiyone winced at his incisive comment, her teeth biting her lip. "No.
You still do."

For a moment Kova felt remorse well up in him, and though dark
anger blazed for a moment longer, it died, leaving only hollow
sadness. "I really don’t know how to take this, Kiyone."

"There is *nothing!*" Her voice was vehement, charged, and on the
verge of breaking, before diminishing. "…for you to have to take."

"No, he feels for you, Kiyone. I could sense that, even before he
even saw you, when we were battling in the streets." He smiled, a
bitter, mocking smile, but not without a twinge of happiness. "The
two of you… fit. You *do* look like you deserve to be together."

Her lips opened to refute that, but Seion’s features reappeared in
her mind, and she fell silent.

"He has your eyes, your hair. He has a flaming temperament you
would have matched if you were born male. He has a job that goes
hand in hand with yours."

Brief snatches of the past flashed through Kiyone’s mind, to be
swallowed up almost instantly. 

Kova’s eyes dimmed further as he saw her eyes dilate, temporarily
unseeing as she tried to place Seion’s face. A pain, soft, but steadily
increasing by degrees, had been gnawing within him, but now it
suddenly welled, and a swift stab of excruciating agony struck him.
His eyelids shut, and a line of tears flowed down his face. "Kiyone,
he’s a *cop*, not a *criminal*. The two of you could make a *perfect*
team, unlike us, one in darkness and the other in light." She started
at the sound of his tremulous voice, almost breaking towards the
end. "And I’m *sure* he will take care of you." A quick stream of
thoughts, possibilities streaked through his mind. "I could leave…"

Kiyone’s mouth opened in horror, her eyes widening, but he
continued unabated.

"…or I could…" He paused a while, his mind pondering it.

Yes I could…

In that moment, Kiyone saw his expression soften as the tides of
fury, disappointment and jealousy gently drew away from him,
leaving his slowly opening eyes with only warmth and love that
shone through the despondency, and hot tears flowed freely down
over his cheeks. "…further both your promotional prospects?" He
closed his eyes restfully at the thought.

If by my death I could not only benefit you but also someone close
to you, then…

A comely, fragile smile that was at once full of sorrow and joy gently
formed on his face, a heartbeat before velvet softness and soothing
warmth enveloped him, and strands of hair gently brushed his face,
as comforting arms encircled him and held him close.

"Oh, Kova…" she whispered, touched but also tortured. "How
could you ever say such thing? How could you ever *think* that of
me?" Her head sunk down to rest onto his right shoulder, and she
buried her face in it, trembling.

Kova’s eyes opened, and though his vision was still blurred, his
arms held her tight to him.

"I never thought that of you," he gently tilted his head to kiss her
green hair lightly. "I only thought what was best for you." Her hair
shimmered slightly as his tears continued their descent from his
chin down along their shining surface, while his dark blue hair
danced lightly over them to the lull of the wind.

"*That* is not true!" She murmured, hurt. "It…"

"…would certainly be easier than *this,*" his voice was soft and
gentle. 

Her body tensed suddenly, and her arms gripped him tenaciously,
as she raised her head, hard emerald eyes glistening with moisture
staring him straight in the face. "I *don’t* need it easy." Quite
suddenly, almost savagely, she pressed her lips hard onto his.
Kova’s eyes widened in surprise, but passion took hold of him, and
the thought fled from his mind as he responded. "I need *you,*" she
said, as their lips parted.

"Kiyone-chan…" His voice trembled, and she smiled back at him,
watching as he blinked to clear his visions, banishing the veil of
sorrow and jealousy that had clouded his mind. "I hold in my arms
the most beautiful, wonderful person that anyone could ever have
the fortune to know and love." Ever so slowly, a smile crept up his
face again, only this time it was unmarred by his fears, radiating joy
that seemed to spill over from his being to hers. "And if for all that I’d
have to die this moment, my *only* regret will be that I will have hurt
you in doing so."

Kiyone remained silent, not quite knowing what to say. "You mean
nothing less to me than what I mean to you." She stared lovingly
and yet earnestly at him. "And you *must* remember that." Her voice
hardened almost imperceptibly. "*Always.*"

He noted it though, and his expression dimmed again. "I’m sorry,
it’s just that… I’ve never felt this way about anyone before and… it’s
not easy." He voice softened again. "I’m… scared."

"Don’t be." Gently, Kiyone pulled him closer, as always, taking care
not to brush his injured shoulder and the recovering wound in his
left side. He could feel her soft breath along the back of his neck, the
way her chest moved up and down gently against his, the faint
distinctive fragrance that he had come to associate with her. "Don’t
*ever* be."

"I’ll try," he promised, uncertainly. "But I’m not sure I could bear to
watch our love dwindle and fade away." She could feel him
trembling slightly against her, his soft curls gently caressing the
skin just under her ears, to wind up within the sea of dark green.

"It *won’t*. I will walk with you, Kova-chan." She swallowed a lump
forming in her throat, her fingers gently tracing the outlines of his
face. "Whatever the roads, whether in darkness or in light, we shall
walk them together."

"Yeah, we shall." He replied, a hesitant glimmer of joy returning to
his face, as he echoed her earlier. "*Always*." 

And they seemed stayed that way for what seemed an eternity, the
cool breeze lulling their cares away as they huddled close together
beneath the glow of the orange lamplight.

===================================== 

The watery curtain finally lifted, no longer streaming down her face.

I *NEVER* should have trusted that witch! She agreed! She
promised…

Aeka, sitting by her futon, unconsciously ground her teeth together
as in her mind’s eye she saw again, from over Tenchi’s shoulder,
Ryoko’s hands tremble, then the fingers loosen to send *her* gift,
*her* representation, *her* image onto ruin upon the ground…

And now Tenchi will *never* believe I can read his heart as well as
that demon woman…

For a moment, the princess thought she heard a voice, calling from
the back of her mind.

Tenchi’s not like that! He *knows*, it’s been over a year already…

It hurt though, somehow. It wasn’t just that Tenchi had obviously
liked…no, *loved* Ryoko’s present… it was also the way he had
disregarded her presence…

But he was *so* delighted!

That he forgot me for Ryoko, Aeka’s mind answered itself bitterly.
Me a princess, not even worth a space pirate’s present…

He tried to make it up to you! The gentle voice reminded
persistently.

Out of sympathy, and because he didn’t want to lose me as a friend,
because I didn’t count for anything save for the fact that he felt I had
to be *pitied*.

Her injured pride forced aside the intent and goodwill of the boy’s
gesture, drawing more blood.

The princess blinked, trying to force her new tears to back down.

Yet deep within her, there was another source of pain Aeka’s mind
could not, or did not acknowledge it…

Aeka started as she felt a warm touch over her hands, and
comforting fingers closed over her own. 

Wha…!? Tenchi!!!

"Aeka, what’s wrong?" A soft, high pitched voice asked.

The older princess blinked.

Of course it’s Sasami! It certainly couldn’t be Tenchi… he wouldn’t
creep into my bedroom at night (reminder : this is not OVA ^_^ ).

"Sasami?" She tried to stop her voice from trembling. "What are you
doing awake?"

For a reply the little princess shifted herself, so that she stared Aeka
in the eyes. "Aeka?"

There was a silence, then Sasami stood up, still a touch sleepy, and
walked over to Aeka’s side, her eyes peering at her sisters’ face.
"You’ve been crying…" 

In the corner, Anako roused stretched, mewing softly. It could make
out Aeka’s form, head nodding slightly. Cautiously it approached,
drawing near.

"Was it about what you and Ryoko…"

"*Don’t* you mention that *WITCH*!" Aeka shrieked. Sasami shrank
back, realising she had struck a raw nerve, before Aeka subsided
back into sobs.

"Aeka…"

"Go back to bed, Sasami," Aeka murmured, voice cold and hard.

Sasami looked at her sister, her blue eyes sad. "I want to help…"

"I *said*," Aeka growled. "Go back to…"

Her voice faded into surprised silence as something furry, soft and
warm rubbed itself against her. The thing leaped lightly from her
hand and leg into her lap, mewing softly…

"Anako…" Aeka exclaimed, surprised, her anguish momentarily
forgotten.

Sasami smiled at the sight of the ball of snow white fur nestled
amidst the shadowed, velvet purple and pink form that was her
sister. Sitting down, she regarded her sister with concern. "What
happened, Aeka?"

The older princess licked her lips. "Sasami, it really is none of
your…" Aeka’s words ended abruptly in soft laughter, for Anako
had bounded onto her left shoulder and was rubbing itself against
her neck. "Ooh, that tickles…" Her hand reached down and ran over
the soft white fur. The kitten mewed appreciatively, brushed by her
skin once more, sending another tingle down her spine, before,
settling into the cozy left crook of her neck. The kitten swiped at one
long purple tress, causing it to swing up before its inquisitive eyes,
before falling down again and swinging, and Sasami laughed as she
noticed the feline’s eyes follow its movement like clockwork. Aeka,
despite herself, could not help smiling, both at the ticklish feel and
at her sister’s mirth.

"Feel better now?"

Aeka sighed a little and nodded.

"What happened?" Sasami asked again. Anako mewed once, as if
to reinforce Sasami’s question.

"Ryoko…" Her voice became as burning ice, hot and cold as hatred
and anger seeped into her words. "… destroyed my present to lord
Tenchi." Her eyes blazed cold fire "It was dear to me. And it would
have been dear to him…" Her fist clenched. "But for *her*."

Just as the recollection threatened to close Aeka off again, Anako
snuggled deeper into her crook of her neck, and Aeka’s body
tingled slightly, before she failed to repress a smile as the kitten
licked her cheek.

Sasami, on the other hand, was worried. After one and a half years
living in the Masaki household, she knew Ryoko almost as well as
Aeka, and Ryoko would *never* destroy anything that might give joy
to Tenchi, not even if it came from Aeka. Speaking of gifts…

The shopping trip, the way the two older girls discussed things
privately…

The locked rooms, as they prepared something…

But there was something else - Anako’s presence made Sasami feel
Ryo-oh-ki’s absence keenly. The last time she had seen her was
before she, Ryoko and Aeka had left to go shopping.

Sasami nodded, as the clues fitted neatly into place. "What
happened to Ryoko’s present?"

Aeka’s lower lip trembled. "Tenchi… he loved it."

"I thought… the two of you would give him the presents together?"

"Tenchi opened hers first…" She sighed. "Then she destroyed
mine…" Her expression curled up into menacing anger.

"Ryoko destroyed your present *in front of* Tenchi!?" Sasami
asked in astonishment. "She would never…"

Aeka interrupted her coldly at this point. "She *did*." She stared
angrily into space. "She was holding it, and she dropped it." She
closed her eyes as within her mind, she heard the smashing tinkle
of crystal. Hearing the pain in its mistress’ voice, Anako, with an
almost wistful mew, snuggled gently against her again. "Thanks,
Anako." Aeka bowed her head in acknowledgement of the kitten’s
effort to keep her mood up, and her hand reached up to stroke its
fur.

Sasami wrinkled her brow in thought. "What could have happened
to cause Ryoko to…?"

Aeka blinked, recalling the way Tenchi held her, the way his lips
gently brushed her cheeks. Even in the darkness, Sasami saw her
lower her face a little, and the slight tinge of rose that had sprung
up, as her sister remained quiet.

And suddenly, inspiration struck…

Ordinarily, Sasami would have started laughing and teasing her
sister, but this time, to Aeka’s immense surprise, she just gave a soft
sigh and bowed her head, only unlike her sister, hers was in
sadness and despondency. "Hold this for me, Aeka," Sasami
murmured, her voice sounding broken, as she distractedly took
something from within her dress and placed it into Aeka’s hands. It
was a butterfly clip, wings bright with shining green, blue and
yellow colours, which Sasami had just bought that day.

"Sasami?" Aeka asked, surprise dulling her sense as she dumbly
took the clip. Anako purred softly under her hands’ ministrations.

"No… nothing." Sasami hoped Aeka would be receptive, but her
glum and melancholy tone had already attracted Aeka’s attention. "I
was just trying to imagine…" She let her voice drag out subtly,
attuning Aeka’s mind and imagination. "…how Ryoko felt when
Tenchi and you…"

The purple tressed princess’ jaw dropped open, and her body
wavered like a person struck by heavy mallet. Yes, she could
imagine, she could feel it, she *had* felt it. So many times before…
on board the Comet, as well as just now when Tenchi admired
Ryoko’s gift… The emotion coursed through her veins, flowing with
heart stopping numbness and chill, as it always did…

Ryoko’s words echoed in her mind.

Princess, I … I *didn’t* mean it…It hurt…

Suddenly she was looking through new eyes. Ryoko’s might have
been amber, while hers were purple, but Aeka managed it. She
could see Tenchi, about to put on the locket, then letting it slide
dismally onto the ground, before going to comfort her own self…

Aeka blinked as she realised something had fallen into her lap.
Sasami looked at it too. 

The butterfly clip had slipped out of her nerveless fingers, and was
nestled in Aeka’s lap.

Stunned, the older princess looked up at Sasami. Solemnly, the little
princess reached over, her piercing eyes never leaving Aeka’s, and
Anako mewed in seeming approval as her fingers went around the
clip and placed it into her pocket. Already she could see Aeka’s
eyes lighting up in revelation, and she just managed to repress her
joy at having brought her sister around.

"Aeka?" Sasami whispered.

Her sister sat dumbly there, still like a stone statue. Only her face
was different, her white, marble-like surface looked like it was a
stone surface crumbling, to reveal another person. One who could
empathise…

"Aeka… try to find her." Sasami murmured. "I think you two should
be friends."

The older princess stirred. For moment it seemed like she was
about to retort sharply, then she exhaled, before mouthing softly.
"Hai." Another pause. "We have a lot to sort out." She steeled her
will, and drew herself up in determination. "But we will work
something out."

"It’s for Tenchi too, sis." Sasami whispered. "I think when the two of
you fight, it is he who suffers the most."

"Hai," Aeka finally turned to look at her sister, respect and awe
shining within the purple orbs. "Thank you, Sasami." She licked her
lips uncertainly, but it was undeniable. "You are very wise."

"No." Sasami smiled feebly, her fragile radiance shining out like a
halo around her. "I love all of you. Tenchi, and even Ryoko. But you
the most, Aeka." She hugged Aeka tightly, and Anako mewed with
glee as it swiped at the incoming blue locks. "I hope you and Ryoko
can be friends. How happy Tenchi would be."

"Maybe." Aeka murmured. "But I need some time."

Sasami sighed and sat back. She had hoped it would come sooner,
but it seemed not yet.

Aeka turned to stare at the window, and the Prussian blue dark sky
lighted by innumerable scintillating stars. Sasami followed her gaze.

"I think I’ll have to take a while to sort out my thoughts, Sasami. I like
the stars and they like me." Aeka smiled at the thought. "I used to be
one of them, shining from afar. They say a falling star is fallen, but I
think it has only learnt how to shine in many other ways."

"Don’t take too long, Aeka."

"I won’t, Sasami." Aeka smiled. "I promise you, I will be done, soon."
She thought back to Jurai. "I still remember, they used to tell me
taking a walk is good for the soul."

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Good night, Sasami." Aeka opened the door, turned around and
bowed. "Thank you."

Sasami watched as Anako followed Aeka out, before lying back on
her futon, a broad smile on her face. For a moment it seemed her
exuberance would keep her from slipping asleep even at this late
hour, but eventually restfulness crept over her and bathed her
youthful wisdom in blissful dreams.

===================================== 

"What do I look like to you, huh?" Washu hadn’t even bother to look
up from her terminal. "Some kinda of repairman? Or maybe like the
Santa out there, huh?"

"Washu, please…" Koneko, who had greeted Tenchi at the door,
sprang from the floor into Washu’s lap, and stared at her with
pleading feline eyes.

The scientist did not reply for a while, staring at her screen and
trying to ignore the meaningful look Koneko was giving her.

This is so irritating… No respect for a resident genius at all. First the
battle in the lab, then the bridge of the Yagami, and now, when I’m
staying up forgoing sleep to catch up on my work, of all things, a
request to repair trivial little tokens. No one ever thinks of giving me
time for my inventions and…

Another part of Washu intervened at this point.

No, of course they wouldn’t. I’m not Professor Washu the greatest
genius scientist in the whole universe to them. I’m just Washu, just
their friend.

And I guess that’s why like the rest of them, I come back…

Finally, without turning around to face him. "Oh all right…" Her
fingers flicked over keyboard, and a table materialised on her right,
diagonally in front of Tenchi.

"Thank you Washu…" He licked his lips, before carefully depositing
the pieces he had gathered up. "How long will you take?"

"Practically no time at all." Washu sighed, turning a little reluctantly
from her specifications, swivelling the turning chair to face the table.
It was a design for a tracer device, notably for anything remotely
resembling her Tachyon Blaster in design… "It’ll be a piece of a
cake." True, but it broke her concentration, and sometimes she also
felt it was demeaning to stoop to performing such an elementary
task.

"Then I think I’d like to stay and watch you work."

She regarded the odd fragments queerly. Pink crystal shards,
obviously of a pair of doves, purple and blue wristbands. Violet
casing with a broken musical contrivance within. Crystalline, fragile
beauty, detached, cold yet heartwarming, the thing practically
exuded a name, a personality… 

"Tenchi."

The boy started, at the queer, almost accusing tone in Washu’s
voice. "What, Washu?"

"This is not yours."

Sighing, he nodded, looking a little downcast. "It’s Aeka’s. She
wanted to give it to me."

Her fingers carefully sifted through the materials, her mind’s eye
rapidly reconstructing the gift as it looked like. "Who broke it?"

"Ryoko."

"I suppose Aeka must have been furious and upset." The doves
would have been beautiful, even to Washu’s cold and critical eye.
The wristbands, coiled twice over, would have fitted right over the
statuettes’ necks like a collar, and the from the bits of mechanism
she could make out, when they were placed side by side on the
casement, their combined weight would close a circuit and cause
them to turn slowly around, as well as release the gentle, tinkling
music within… "This was no ordinary gift. Aeka put too much heart
into it."

"She was…" Tenchi’s voice trembled. "So was Ryoko…"

Washu, still not looking at Tenchi’s, frowned, then her mind recalled
what she had heard Tenchi tell Kova that afternoon, as she had
come in, unnoticed, from placing the transmitter for the incomplete
Yagami out in the field. Something about Ryoko and Aeka going
shopping…

There must be a way…

"What did Ryoko give you?" She poked at the pieces again. 

"Huh?" Tenchi started, surprised. "How did you…?"

"Bring it to me, Tenchi." Washu stared at the remnants of Aeka’s
presents.

"Washu?" Bewildered, the boy stared. "What would you want…?"

"I need it." The professor replied. For a moment longer Tenchi stood
in surprise, but then Koneko mewed at him, a tiny paw seeming to
bat him away, and one of its eyes closed in what looked like a wink
to him. "Without it, I’m not doing this job for you, Tenchi." Startled
by her uncompromisingly commanding tone, the boy pause for a
moment. "And if you bring it here, you must let me do anything with
it I like."

"What do you intend?"

Washu smiled slyly to herself. "That’s for me to know, and the three
of you to find out." Her finger pressed a button on the terminal on
her left, and depressions appeared in the table, separating the
pieces on it into the crystal, plastic, metal and other material or
mechanical based components. "Do you trust me?"

Tenchi hesitated, but only for a moment.

Yes, perhaps that is at it should be. If I should break one, I deserve
neither of them. I will not forsake either of them, so I must risk both
of them…

He blinked, suddenly realising what he was thinking.

That has been what I have always done.

His eyes narrowed.

And I’ll do it again. They both mean too much to me now.

"I’ll go get it." Nodding in acquiescence, the boy turned…
"Mihoshi?"

"*Don’t* *touch*…!" Immediately Washu was bolt upright in her
chair, her eyes opening wide, sweeping across the room. Koneko
jumped a little, startled by its mistress’ sudden movement, then
settled back down again. "any…?"

Mihoshi was just standing there. She wasn’t poking or even looking
around the lab. She was just standing still, and keeping to herself.

"Mihoshi…?" Washu and Tenchi asked together.

"What are you doing here?" Washu asked first. She had long since
given up trying to figure out how the blonde kept on sneaking into
the lab successfully.

"I…" Mihoshi licked her lips, looking troubled. "… need to ask you
something." Her eyes darted towards Tenchi. "I think Tenchi could
help too…"

Washu would normally have heaved a sigh of relief at Mihoshi’s
fingers not being itchy, but this was downright bizarre. Mihoshi?
Asking for advice? When did that ever happen?

The only advice she ever asked for was from Kiyone, and that she
disregarded even her advice almost all the time, even if it was
unknowingly so, made the situation all the stranger.

"What’s wrong, Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked, not withstanding Washu’s
uncertain look.

"Some… some Galaxy Police officers have joined us. I…" She wet
her lips, worried. "… think they want to get Kova."

Washu arched an eyebrow. It wasn’t that surprising, given what she
had witnessed just a few hours ago, but she just didn’t expect
things to happen so fast. "What’s the problem? Between Kiyone
and Kova, they’ll be able to handle it…" 

It was a risk, egging the blonde on, but asking her directly would
only draw out a stream of incomprehensible attempts at explaining.
Washu was used to obtaining raw data, and she objected to steep
pricing, and hoped fervently Mihoshi’s temporary distress would
not be too painful.

"I know…" Mihoshi answered glumly. "But *I* can’t… it’s not me and
Kiyone anymore… it’s just me…" Her voice ended off in a plaintive,
pained whisper. "I am a Galaxy Police Officer," she intoned slowly,
as though in a daze. "Danger is my business…" Her voice died,
leaving the empty silence

Tenchi swallowed, feeling another layer of sorrow settle over him.
There was something forlorn, something helpless and pathetic
about Mihoshi as she was before him. The bubbly blonde,
silenced…

"And so are they." Mihoshi rambled on, almost to herself. If she
wasn’t leaning on a piece of machinery (by some exquisite luck not
touching any of its controls ^_^ ), she would have toppled over like
a fallen tree. "But they want to hurt Kova. But does that mean they
want to hurt Kiyone? Does that mean they want to hurt me?" Her
lips compressed tightly together. "Are they friends?"

Tenchi was about to say something comforting, but he saw Washu
stare at him and shake her head. Koneko leaped off Washu’s lap
and padded soundlessly over to Mihoshi, and gazed up at the
blonde, who seemed not to notice.

"If I try to stop them… Will I still be a Galaxy Police Officer?" She
thought back to the time when Kiyone and herself were declared
outlaws by the GP, at the beginning of their Adventures in Space. At
least back then she had Kiyone… "What would I be if I were not a
GP Officer, not Kiyone’s partner?" Her fingers plucked feebly at her
tank top, as though it were her uniform and she would pluck it off to
see what lay beneath. "And there’s Seion…"

Tenchi blinked. The two eavesdroppers cast quick glances at each
other, and saw neither had any idea who she was talking about. 

"He seems to know Kiyone… want to know Kiyone… but also he
makes me…"

Washu nodded. So this Seion is a man, probably one of the officers
sent here to apprehend Kova.

"… think of Kiyone. He makes me feel like I am not that alone…"

The professor’s face wrinkled in astonishment. Mihoshi, in love? Or
did this person really seem that much like Kiyone?

"But he’s hunting Kova and…" Here Mihoshi’s eyes dimmed as a
personal fear struck her, but left as rapidly. "I don’t know, I don’t
know what to think, I don’t know what to do!!!" Mihoshi cried out,
distraught. "I… wish Kiyone were here." Her head bowed as she
murmured brokenly.

Washu, looking at Tenchi, nodded slightly. The boy, heaving a
mental sigh of relief at not having to see his friend’s anguish
crescendo any further, hurried to Mihoshi’s side.

"Don’t worry, Mihoshi." He tried to comfort her. "We’re here…"

Mihoshi looked up, into Tenchi’s earnest brown eyes. "But…"

"Kiyone’s here too." Washu replied. "Kiyone hasn’t forgotten you,
and she never will." Her gaze became vacant, and fixed on
something slightly to the side. "If she knew you were so upset,
she’d never forgive herself."

Mihoshi’s look was blank, as Tenchi carefully wiped her tears away
with his hankerchief. 

"It will all turn out fine, Mihoshi." Washu smiled. "After all, I think I
can help you."

"Oh, really!?" Mihoshi’s smile brightened, and she stood up erect,
her eyes shining, both from her new ray of hope and from the warm
drops that spilled liberally out over lower eyelids and down her
cheeks. "Oh, Washu, I knew you could help me and…"

"Just give me a second… Tenchi, could you come over here,
please?"

"Uh, sure…" He handed Mihoshi the hankerchief and hurried over.
Mihoshi smiled as Koneko purred contentedly, rubbing itself
against her pant legs, also at the thought of resolving her problems.
Washu pulled Tenchi over, pressing a small pill into his hand. "Take
Mihoshi to the spare room she usually sleeps in, and put her to bed.
The pill is to get her to sleep."

"Washu!?" He asked, shocked and outraged at the thought of
forcibly putting a friend to sleep.

"She needs it, Tenchi." She glanced at Mihoshi. "At least I think so."

Tenchi gulped as the mask over Washu’s pink eyes cracked open,
to reveal a person both uncertain, bewildered and above all worried.
"You’re as…" His voice was almost disbelieving.

"Yes, I am." Washu interrupted, although her voice no less
commanding than before. "Do it. Mihoshi needs a break. Dissolve
the pill in a glass of water. And remember to get me Ryoko’s gift."

Tenchi blinked. Washu had remembered that despite Mihoshi!?

"Okay, Mihoshi, just do what Tenchi says." Washu waved cheerily
as she lightly pushed Tenchi in Mihoshi’s direction. "It will all be
settled by tomorrow!"

"Tomorrow!?" Mihoshi sounded surprised. "But I thought you
said…"

Washu hid her astonishment well, though Tenchi was visibly
nonplussed. Mihoshi usually achieved an instant state of nirvana
once someone, *anyone*, told her that a problem would be solved,
no matter what time frame or what stakes were involved. "Don’t
worry, just listen to Tenchi!" She grinned, then gave Tenchi a
piercing, sharp glare that told him he had better step to it, quick.

The boy shook himself out of his stupor and tried to comply.

"Oh and *don’t* touch *anything*!!" Washu cried out as the reluctant
Mihoshi was ushered out by an uncertain Tenchi. Koneko mewed a
farewell to the blonde, who was still not sufficiently herself to wave
back. Heaving a sigh of relief, Washu sat down at her seat, lost in
thought.

Tenchi returned soon after, carrying the cherry blossom box and
the locket. "She’s asleep."

Washu nodded and distractedly gestured to the table.

"Gee, I hope I *never* have to see that again." He murmured to
Washu with a shudder as he drew up beside her and set the things
down, careful not to knock the pieces of Aeka’s present off.

"So do I." Washu breathed. "She wasn’t wrecking my lab, but I think
I’d rather see her do that than this." While it was true Mihoshi cried
before, and quite often at that, but the way the pain and agony
seemed to be lasting, along with the feeling of loneliness, had never
been present. It was quite something else from ordinary to see
Mihoshi, not as a victim or a ditz, but as a vulnerable person with
her own fears and sorrows, as Mihoshi, alone in the pale light, no
longer in the shadows of her partner and her occupation, forlorn,
fearful and lost. 

"If only Kiyone were here." Tenchi murmured.

Washu nodded. "I think Kiyone would have handled her better than
us." She thought of what had transpired just a few hours ago. "Not
that she is any less worried than Mihoshi."

"How could a couple of officers hunting Kova hit her so bad?" the
boy wondered aloud.

"The foundations of her life are crumbling." Washu answered. "First
Kiyone drifts away. Then the GP show up. To her they have always
been her allies, she has difficulty accepting them as foes, and she
thinks she’s against them all by herself… She could turn from them,
disobey the orders to help capture Kova, and risk losing the other
identifying trait of herself, as a Galaxy Police Officer."

"Then about the person…?"

"No idea." Washu shrugged. "Seion, I think she called him that…
feels like Kiyone? Can’t imagine that, I’m afraid. Could be that she’s
just lonely or has fallen for the guy, I think I’ll have to see him to
believe he can be like Kiyone."

"What about Kiyone and Kova?"

"I am absolutely certain neither of them stand any chance of being
caught, unless one or two of these cops are as powerful as your
grandpa or Kagato. It would take something pretty big to tackle
Kiyone and Kashiro side by side. They probably can’t handle the
problem either, except for maybe in the short term, and my only fear
is that they may not be able to hide the truth from the officers, which
might lead to something pretty ugly."

Tenchi’s eyes widened. "Kiyone wouldn’t…!"

"True, and I suspect the same for Mihoshi. But Kashiro is a wild
card, he seems nice enough, but I don’t really know what he might
or might not do. I think if he believes he has to, he would… and that
could destroy both Kiyone and Mihoshi. The other problem that if
they found out, the GP, with pressure from the SSS, might declare
Kiyone and Mihoshi outlaws." Her brows darkened, as further
thoughts came in. "That could be very painful for both of them. After
all, they’ve been Galaxy Police Officers all their lives…"

Also Kashiro might just make off with Kiyone… not only will I lose
my quarry, we’ll be left with a distraught Mihoshi…

No, he wouldn’t… would he?

"Washu, they won’t be alone." Tenchi’s jaw fixed determinedly.
"We’ll be with them."

"Easy for you to say." Washu smirked. "Aeka and Sasami have a
kingdom to go back to. This precious Earth of yours could be
ripped asunder by ships. We might shelter them under the authority
of Jurai, but that would be inviting war between Jurai and the SSS."

Tenchi’s jaw dropped. "I hadn’t thought of that…"

"Worse, the SSS might be building a ship with the Tachyon Ray
even as we speak. A war with them could be utterly devastating in
terms of loss of life, and casualties." She stroked Koneko’s fur as
she spoke. "Although of course, once they have that weapon they’d
probably declare war anyway." She tried another way. "Getting
Ryoko to kill the officers …"

Tenchi, who had been gaping as Washu listed out the problems and
options, stopped "Washu." He shook his head. "No. It’s not right to
hurt them, they’re only doing their jobs… besides, Mihoshi might
really be upset about that Seion guy…"

"Nice to know you’re paying attention and not just a goldfish."
Washu commented drily. She glanced at her terminal, then at the
laden table. "It’s getting late, you’d better sleep, Tenchi."

"Wha…!?" Tenchi murmured.

"I said go to sleep." She stared meaningfully at the two presents on
the table. "I’d like to work on this alone, and think about the problem
by myself."

"But…"

"I need some time alone, Tenchi. You’ll get it once I’m done. Now
good night."

Tenchi stood there as Washu bustled about before her terminal,
pointedly not bothering with the presents at all. Gritting his teeth in
dissatisfied impatience and uncertainty, he left, and just before the
door slammed shut, he saw Washu turn to the table.

Ah well, I can only hope for the best. 

Still upset over Mihoshi as well as Ryoko and Aeka, he wearily
ascended to his own room.

Back in the lab, Washu smiled as she worked.

At least this would solve one problem. As for the other, she would
have to get to the root of the root of the problem - Kashiro.

===================================== 

Something stirred inside her, and her world began to revert from the
snug, sheltered sanctuary it had been, for the moment, to its original
state. The halcyon haven slipped back, and she could perceive
beyond the touch of his body close to hers, beyond the comforting
warmth that exuded from his still and serene state. For the time
being, he seemingly not conscious of anything else but her
proximity, restful and in repose save for the gentle up and down
motion of his breathing. Shifting slightly, she slowly raised herself
from leaning on him and stared at him, emerald eyes shining oddly
as she took stock of the situation.

As she moved and sat back slightly, Kova stirred. For a moment,
just as his eyes opened, she saw they were dreamy and shining, as
though he was in a resplendent utopia of his own, before sliding
back into its usual state, piercing and practical, alert and attentive,
yet also warm and human.

God, for that instant he looked so… radiant and blissful, almost like
an angel…

"Kiyone?" He blinked uncertainly as he saw the curious manner
she looked at him.

Clearing her thought away, the detective placed a finger before his
lips, the radiance from the brief glimpse of his joy still not
completely faded from her face, then lowered her hands down to
the front of his shirt. As she undid the buttons before her fingers,
her smile broadened at the perplexed look on Kova’s face, ere she
shook her head.

Men…!

Just to get the point across, she gave him a light, quick kiss on his
lips.

His eyes widened in puzzlement again. "Kiyone?" The orange light
coming from one side shone down on his hair and face, and
accentuated his expression, just as they did hers.

"Come on, relax," she inclined her head slightly away from his face
to look as she opened one side of his shirt. "Just give it to me."
Pouting, she carefully pulled the cloth away, to reveal his somewhat
well defined upper torso.

Kova opened his mouth to say something, then thought better of it,
before finally deigning to take the paths of most males in such
cases, which is just to give in.

===================================== 

Several minutes' walk away, Seion and Mitsuki stood under the soft
glow of a streetlamp, staring at the deluge of buildings, byways,
alleys and streets all around them.

"Let’s split out and search." Seion murmured softly. "And
remember, if you see Kiyone or our quarry, do not confront them
either any circumstances, save one."

"And what might that be?" Mitsuki replied, her sardonic tone
feigning ignorance.

The operative repressed his irritation, and continued. "If Chief
Inspector Kiyone is in any kind of danger, you *must* go to her aid."

"In other words, my life and my being your team member means
everything to you except when measured against hers." Mitsuki
gave an icy chuckle. "How flattering…"

"Please." Seion licked his lips, and Mitsuki started, her eyes
widening as she saw his expression. For that short moment he was
no longer the hunter, no longer Operative 231 of the Galaxy Police
Special Forces. He was just a man again, just Seion, even if she
didn’t know her name, and his tone was earnest and pleading.
"Please, Mitsuki."

Her voice, his voice… only the pitch was obviously different, while
the similarities in volume, tone, timbre, presentation, inflection and
articulation were uncanny…

Mitsuki closed her eyes for a moment, trying to repress her human
side, which she thought she had lost along the ascent of the career
ladder from what seemed like long ages ago, and didn’t miss except
on the darkest of nights. Yet now, she could still recall Kiyone, part
of their class, the ace, detached and aloof, but nevertheless still a
classmate, still a friend.

She swallowed. "Yes, 231, sir."

Seion smiled slightly, in some subtle way expressing gratitude, but
the smile was nevertheless still tight and wary. "Thank you,
Mitsuki." His green eyes darted around. "I’ll take this side."

The two figures separated, leaving the light to vanish into the
darkness of the shadowed byways. 

===================================== 

It had been a good while since she left Tenchi’s side, but it had not
abated yet. The cool night air had not soothed her fiery emotions by
enough, and fury and rage still bubbled and seethed in her mind.
Darkness fled before another blaze of orange light, then the tree slid
down onto her, its trunk looming large before her eyes. For a
moment she almost decided the pain of getting struck by it would
salve her mental sense of betrayal, then she vanished as it landed
where she had been.

Ryoko stared back across the line of about five fallen trees that had
trailed in her wake up the slope to the shrine, amber eyes gleaming
dark and menacing among the dead of the night.

If only I could just break her like that… that double dealing, no good
bitch…

But it was Tenchi, wasn’t it? Her mind thought sadly. He *made* you
give it up to *her*, let *her* take all the credit…

And then when he was captivated by *my* gift he spurned it for
her… 

She could see the locket slide slowly to the ground, unnoticed, as
Tenchi *almost* stepped on it, his heart and soul full of only one
person at the time - Aeka. The image of him pulling the violet tressed
princess close and lightly kissing her flashed in her mind, cutting
through the pirate’s being like a lightning bolt…

Ryoko, floating about half a metre above the recently fallen trunk,
felt a quiver, then a tremor, before another wave of emotion coursed
through her. Her body wracked with spasms as it collapsed onto
the fallen tree, and her hands dug deep into wood, drawing blood
from behind her nails. With a heart rending cry, Ryoko ripped two
huge chunks out of the tree, before the two chunks were reduced to
ashes in spurts of orange fire.

Tenchi… you betrayed me…! Her soul cried plaintively. How *could*
you forget *me*…!?

Memories flashing through her head… Tenchi holding her by the
temple steps… Tenchi kneeling over her as she awoke… running
from the fleeing Aeka to her side… calling out to her moments
before she vanished… and his words, ghostly as if from the distant
past…

Someday, I promise you, you will know exactly how much I do.

Yet… AAARGH!

Her fingers delved deep into the hardwood again, the faint stabs of
pain from the impact going unnoticed by the distraught lady as
wood ripped and parted before her strength. For a moment it
seemed that all was still as Ryoko breathed in choking gasps, her
face and form bowed, then orange light blazed through the fabric of
the tree, piercing the darkness a split second before the whole thing
transformed into a horizontal pillar of incandescent inferno, shining
out for a moment and the clearing was lighted up as bright as day…

Consumed in the searing blast, but not entirely so, a trace of
thought… a gnawing guilt, both unknown and denied… of a
promise broken…

The shadows returned. The charred skeleton of the tree was intact
briefly before falling to earth, and, head still bowed, she landed on
her knees amidst the ashes. There was a brief sizzle as some drops
of water landed on the hot ashes and hissed into nothingness.

Ah… I cry.

It wasn’t something she did often, and when she did she often
wasn’t conscious of it. Gradually she realised there were sticky lines
where the water ran over her face…

Why do I? Tenchi wouldn’t abandon me… would he?

It’s all that *accursed* princess’ fault! If it weren’t for her snivelling,
Tenchi wouldn’t have…

Ryoko’s mind recoiled from the memory, and she forcibly tore her
mind elsewhere.

*Why* is that wretched witch so pitifully weak!?

A stern, cold voice broke in through her livid state of mind.

Because she loves Tenchi too, as truly as you do… 

That’s a *lie*! 

Ryoko snarled back, but her mind treacherously drew back to the
moments - on board Ryo-oh-ki alone in her grief for Tenchi, except
for *her* ; swept away from imminent scarlet death by *her* ; and
actually going shopping with *her*.

She is yourself…

There was a yawn from somewhere nearby, followed by a throaty,
feminine chuckle. 

Amber eyes springing open, the space pirate leaped back and away,
her grief dissipating as her awareness converged onto the intruder. 

"I was beginning to wonder how much longer I would have to wait
out your stupor." The figure proclaimed wryly, before stepping out
from the shelter of trees, a sly smile curling around its face, that was
invisible within the darkness of the black cloak. Only fair skin and
icy blue eyes could be seen from within the depths of the hood.

Ryoko’s eyes widened. "Nagi!"

"Hmm, I’m surprised you still remember me," she replied, her smile
vanishing. "At least you look like you still fear me. I was beginning
to wonder if helping you with that Jurai stint was going to affect
our… relationship." Her voice became faintly amused. "I’m glad it
hasn’t."

"I have *NOTHING* to do with *you*!!" Ryoko was about to fly up
and teleport away when…

"Oh, I forgot to mention… Ken-oh-ki has his lasers trained on…"
Nagi grinned slightly, her eyes sidling to the side, in the direction of
the house. "Your residence, I believe?"

"You wouldn’t *DARE*!" Ryoko spat. "He wouldn’t either!
Ryo-oh-ki…"

"…is with me." The bounty hunter replied coolly. "Ken-oh-ki doesn’t
know, of course. He only knows that she and you are not in the
house, and beyond that I don’t think he really cares. He has a lot in
common with you…" her hand flashed out, holding the edge of a
small metal handle. "That house is one of the reasons why he and
Ryo-oh-ki can’t explore space together…"

Ryoko blinked once, as she realised she had no way out.

A blur, followed by a flash of red sparks as the purple light pulsed
out of Nagi’s weapon, lashing the orange blade away. The bounty
hunter grinned as she slid away from the curling stream of plasma
beams, whip lashing out at her foe, while Ryoko leaped back as she
parried, but the bounty hunter pressed home, her cloak billowing
out behind her like the shadow of doom.

"Ryoko, at last…" She murmured, as the pirate fell back, giving
ground before her lethal blows that snaked through the darkness in
deadly curls of violet energy. "My, you’re soft." Nagi chuckled, as
Ryoko just barely managed to avoid the extended curl of her whip
as she drew back from a parry. "The hunter and the hunted." The
recoiling lash nearly struck Ryoko’s feet but for her upward flight,
ere the tip slid across just caught across the bottom of her chest,
drawing a weal of crimson over her exposed, unprotected flesh
under her shirt.

Stinging pain pierced Ryoko’s body as the lash caught her over her
old injury, and she faltered, falling back. The blue haired bounty
hunter, her hood thrown back by the speed of her advance, took a
fraction of a second to savour her triumph drawing first blood so
easily, before continuing the assault.

Ryoko, gritting her teeth, let her warrior senses take over. The
orange blade slashed about the night, banishing the shadows and
the intrusions of the purple lash, and desperately she tried to buy
time for recovery, teleporting to and fro. Nagi cursed as Ryoko’s
form and shape flickered in and out from between darkened
shadows of the leafy canopy, then moved silently and swiftly on its
trail, her cloak and speed making her look like a shade winging
through the forest in search of prey.

A glimpse of Ryoko behind a tree, then violet energies streamed
through the darkness, slicing through wood. Ryoko just managed
to avoid the blazing arc of light, then leaped aside as the trunk
crashed down behind her. The bounty hunter’s feet tapped lightly
off its surface as she pounced in pursuit of her prey, her whip
lashing out to send the two orange plasma beams hurtling towards
her ricocheting harmlessly away. Ryoko’s sword thrust as her foe
landed before her, but Nagi’s body twisted agilely under the blade
as the violet whip went for her waist. Ryoko somersaulted and her
blade swept down at Nagi’s back, biting her lip at the pain her
exertion brought back. The whip lashed upwards, its bent coil
turning aside the sweeping blade, while its wielder rolled to her feet
even as Ryoko faced her, feet about a metre off the ground.

"Hmm," Nagi brushed the leaves off her cloak. "You are more of a
challenge than I thought at first. How could I have forgotten the
ages I have spent tracking you?"

Ryoko couldn’t repress the sliver of fear as her nemesis licked her
lips, almost hungrily.

"I shall take pleasure in ending this…"

"I haven’t even started yet!" Ryoko retorted, her brave front hiding
her weakness. The injury had been many times better than when
she awoke this morning, but reopened now it still hurt. Not that
badly, but enough that she was seriously worried about battling
Nagi.

"Nor have I…" Nagi grinned. "You’re the appetiser."

A confident smirk on her face, Nagi sprang up, a whirlwind of black
and blue against the shadows, her weapon crackling and flashing
within and without like violet surges of lightning. Ryoko fought
valiantly, her orange blade striking and parrying the seemingly
innumerable lashes that assailed her. Swift and sure, Nagi
sidestepped the streams of plasma beams, yet staying within
striking range.

The space pirate teleported behind Nagi, blade at the ready, but her
reactions were slowed a little, while Nagi’s whip slashed out before
the hunter actually turned around, and she was forced to parry it. 

Nagi grinned to herself.

You’re too close, my dear Ryoko, too close…

Seizing her advantage, Nagi followed up with another combo of
rapid strikes, designed to wear her opponent down. Nagi’s long
whip undulated like a viper, sweeping about in sinuous curves, its
form threatening Ryoko from front, midsection assaulting her sides
and the tip menacing her back like a python which has caught its
prey in a coil.

Oh no, Ryoko surmised, as she realised her grievous error. I
underestimated her abilities, and overestimated mine… damned that
injury!

I spent too much time lazing around, trying to win Tenchi’s heart…
now I may never see him again…

NO! I must fight on!

Caught up in the flurry of violet and orange, red sparks flashing
about her in continuous, never ending waves, Ryoko gave way
before Nagi, too hard pressed to even try to shoot or teleport. Nagi
forged on, mind expectant and cold as her onslaught bore hard on
her prey, who was putting up a valiant attempt in fighting for her life.

Heh, I’d like to see how long you can keep this up, Ryoko. Not long,
I suspect.

Not long at all… 

=== End of Chapter ===

VERY IMPORTANT!!!
I would like to extend my whole hearted thanks and gratitude to
Patrick "Seion" Stewart, who gave me permission to use his character
Seion in Darkness & Light .

Seion, if you're reading this and you find I screwed him up, please
do inform me, I'll do my utmost to put him right. Thank you ^_^.

In future chapters this will be up in front under Disclaimer too.
                                                                
Seion's work can be found in Gensao's TMFFA, at www.tmffa.com.

NOTES:
Kova is in a way, an SIed character. Pls include him in your
comments, whether I have portrayed him as a person, as a friend
or foe, as one of the gang, and most importantly, as a human being.
I have some pictures of him, not too good pencil drawings, if you
wish to take a look pls mail me.

This chapter is inordinately long, but actually was scheduled to
be much longer ^^;;;. Hope you don't mind.

I hope you have enjoyed this Fanfic as much as I have typing it.
If there are any more grammar errors, I beg your forgiveness, as
my sole proofreader is myself.

This is my first FF, so go ahead and mail me at zyraen@yahoo.com
with comments, especially on character portrayal, realism.

Last word : PLEASE REVIEW! So I noe which hits are for real & 
which are merely misgotten clicks...

