Okay so part three took a while to get done, but it's here now. I hope you
enjoy, and as always comments are welcome, I really do want to know what you
think of this story. And I will try to finish the next part before the end
of next month.

Darkest Before the Dawn





It was late at night, and the house was still. Every one was sound asleep.
Everyone except Ryoko. Ryoko tossed and turned in her sleep, caught up in
her dark dream. Tossing and turning on a roof beam is not a good thing, and
as one might think Ryoko soon rolled right off it, and fell to the floor
with a loud thump.

Tenchi awoke with a start when he heard a loud thump from downstairs. He
jumped out of bed, and raced downstairs. What he found he never would have
thought he would see. Ryoko lay on the ground in a small heap, he could tell
by the slight shaking she was crying. "Ryoko, are you okay?" he asked
quietly. She jumped up startled.

"Tenchi," she yelped. She quickly rubbed her eyes in an attempted to cover
up the fact that she had been crying. "What are you doing up?" she asked.

"I could ask you the same thing. Why were you on the floor?" he asked with
concern.

"I guess I feel in my sleep," she said softly.

"Have you fallen from up there before?"

"No. I guess I just had a bad dream."

"Do you want to talk about it?" Asked Tenchi.

"No, that&rsquo;s alright. Why don&rsquo;t you just go back to bed Tenchi.
I&rsquo;m fine now." Ryoko assured him.

Tenchi gave her a look that told her he didn&rsquo;t believe a word she was
saying. He walked over to her, and took her arm. He gently guided her to the
couch, and sat down with her, still keeping a loose grip on her arm. "It
sometimes helps when we talk about it," he told her.

"Tenchi you don&rsquo;t need to do this," she protested, but at the same
time hoped he insisted.

"I know I don&rsquo;t, but I want to Ryoko. I care about you." He then
slipped his arm around her shoulders.

"You do?" She asked.

"Of course I do. I care about everyone in this house."

"Oh Tenchi," she cried. Then she burst out into tears. Tenchi just held her
close as she accepted the necessary catharsis. They stayed that way until
Ryoko&rsquo;s sobs turned into quite sniffles. "Do you feel like telling me
about it now?" Asked Tenchi. She nodded, and pulled away out of the embrace.

"It was cold, and dark. I didn&rsquo;t like it. I didn&rsquo;t like it at
all." She whispered. Tenchi recognized her words as the same ones she had
spoken when they had meet on the roof of his school.

"You were back in the cave?" he asked softly.

"No this was different. It was more like when Kagato had control over me."
She turned, and saw Tenchi&rsquo;s concerned, but puzzled face. "You
don&rsquo;t know what it is like to be trapped inside your own body, Tenchi.
It&rsquo;s awful. I cold see, and hear everything that was around me, but it
was at the same time a cold, dark place to be. I know I&rsquo;m not making
much since, but I don&rsquo;t know any other way to describe it."

"It&rsquo;s okay Ryoko. Go on."

"Well then I see a face. I think it is the man that tried to take me away
before. He is leaning over me with this evil smile on his face. He is
talking to me, but it&rsquo;s like I&rsquo;m deaf, I see his lips move, but
I can&rsquo;t hear anything." She takes a deep breath. "Then he raises his
arm. He has a knife in his hand, but the weird thing is that it already has
blood on it. I try to ask him who he killed, but I can&rsquo;t get my body
to work. I don&rsquo;t have to though because he already knows what I am
thinking." Ryoko&rsquo;s eyes had become distant. She was no longer just
telling him the dream, but was reliving it. "I don&rsquo;t even have to hear
to know what he is saying. He tells me, and I can read his lips. He says
Tenchi. Then he brings the knife down. I can&rsquo;t move. I can&rsquo;t get
away. HELP ME TENCHI!" The last words came out in a scream. Tenchi grabbed
her shoulders, and shook her hard.

"It&rsquo;s okay Ryoko, I&rsquo;m right here. Your safe, we are both safe."
He assured her. She suddenly went limp in his arms.

"Tenchi?" She whispered softly.

"I&rsquo;m right here," he repeated. She moved her arms around his waist,
and hugged him tightly. This time he let her hold on to him. His arms that
still rested on her shoulders slipped around to hug her as she leaned fully
against him. They stayed that way for a few minutes. When Tenchi was about
to pull away, he noticed that Ryoko had fallen asleep. Tenchi thought about
moving her, but then changed his mind. If he moved her she would most likely
wake up. Then she would never get back to sleep. Instead of moving her to
lie on the couch, he just adjusted her so that she rested against him in a
more comfortably position, then he too feel asleep.

The next day at breakfast Ryoko was strangely quiet. Tenchi was not sure if
it was because of the night before or not. Soon it was just Ayeka, Ryoko,
and him at the table. Although Ayeka had long since finished her meal she
stayed behind. No doubt to make sure Ryoko didn&rsquo;t try to do anything
sexual to him. So the three of them sat there in silence for almost five
minutes when Ryoko suddenly spoke up.

"Tenchi I need to ask you something?" She said quietly

"Sure Ryoko. What do you want to ask me?"

Ryoko eyed the princess. "I need to talk to you alone."

"Now wait a minute Ryoko. If you think I am going to let you lead Tenchi
into another one of your traps&hellip;" Ayeka yelled.

"Okay Ryoko, let&rsquo;s go to my room." Tenchi interrupted.

"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka said. It was more of a gasp then actual words.

"It&rsquo;s alright Ayeka, we are just going to talk." He assured her. Then
he turned to Ryoko, and gave her a look that said that&rsquo;s all she had
better intend to do. She nodded silently.

Ayeka bowed her head. "Very well. But if I find out later that you did
something that Tenchi didn&rsquo;t like Ryoko. I will see to it personally
that you will not do it again, EVER!"

"Don&rsquo;t worry Princess. I won&rsquo;t do anything to Tenchi he
doesn&rsquo;t want me to." With that Ryoko grabbed Tenchi around the waist,
and teleported them to his room.

As soon as they were in his room she let go, and sat down on his bed.

"What is it that you needed to ask me Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, as he sat down
beside her.

"Tenchi I needed to ask you this, because I didn&rsquo;t want anyone to
influence your answer." She sighed deeply. "Can I have my gems back?"

Tenchi was shocked at what he heard. Not once since that day he spent with
Ayeka in the shed, had Ryoko asked for her gems. He wondered what made her
ask now. "Uh Ryoko, I&rsquo;m not sure that is such a good idea."

She looked at him with sad eyes. "Why not Tenchi? Don&rsquo;t you trust me?"

"Of course I trust you Ryoko, but&hellip;" He couldn&rsquo;t find a way to
finish his sentence. It didn&rsquo;t matter anyway, because Ryoko went on
talking.

"I need my gems back Tenchi. They have all my energy."

"Why are you asking now? Is it because of Yaksha?"

She nodded. "I am sure that it&rsquo;s him in my dream Tenchi, and I know he
is coming back. Washu even said so. I don&rsquo;t know what he is waiting
for, but I need to be ready when he does come." She stood, and turned her
back to him. "I need my gems back." She repeated.

Tenchi stared at her for a moment longer, before he nodded his head. He then
brought out his sword. Ever since the incident with Dr. Clay he always had
it close. He turned back to Ryoko, and gave her a smile. "Just pray for them
to return to you right?"

Ryoko smiled at the reference to that encounter that seemed like so long
ago. Tenchi held up the sword, and pointed it at Ryoko. He then prayed for
the two remaining gems to return to their rightful owner. He felt when the
gems left the hilt of the sword, and opened his eyes to see Ryoko examining
her recovered gems. Then she looked up to meet Tenchi&rsquo;s eyes. "Thank
you Tenchi," she whispered before she teleported from the room.

* * * *

Washu was working tediously in her lab, when she felt Ryoko&rsquo;s powers
increase. She sighed, instantly knowing what had happened. "Well Ryoko. You
have finally regained all your gems. But will it be enough?" Washu felt a
stab of grief go through her. It was happing all over again. &lsquo;Please
let it be enough.&rsquo; She thought to herself. Then once again began
working on her latest project. One she hoped would help her save her
friends, and more importantly her daughter
