Disclaimer :
Most characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.
They are in such a situation solely because of my imagination.
This story was written purely for fun.

This FF is based on the TV Series, with some powers drawn over
from the OAV, but with no Light Hawk Wings.

This story contains no sex, so please do not expect it.

Before I wrote this Fanfic, I have only read 2 Fanfics, Aikan
Muyo and To Love & To Hate. Since then I have read some others,
and have noted some writers have a tendency to portray some
characters inaccurately. I hope I have not fallen into that trap.

That's about it, I'm a simple soul at heart...


DARKNESS & LIGHT - No Need For Kova

By Zyraen

Chapter III : No Need for Lunch

Beep beep, beep beep. 

"Huh, what?" Kiyone, groggy and half awake, reached about,
systematically switching off both alarm clocks.

Beep beep, beep beep. 

"Where’s that sound coming from?"

Beep beep, beep beep.

Her GP alert ring…

Kiyone was suddenly wide awake.

"Wake up, Mihoshi!" She cried as she shook her partner as hard
as she could.

"Mmmm.." Mihoshi gave a smile, turned away and snuggled up
deeper into her futon.

"Aargh! Wake up, Mihoshi!!" Kiyone’s blonde partner did not
move. "MIHOSHI!"

Somehow, eventually, they got to the Yagami. Precisely how she
got Mihoshi up was not something Kiyone wanted particularly
to remember.

The Yagami’s engines roared to life and the ship took off into
space.

Just as the Yagami vanished, two light red spacecraft, each one
half the size of the Yagami, entered the Earth’s orbit.

After the two GP officers had travelled for a bit, did their ship
finally get close enough for direct transmission with the ship
sending out the distress signal. Kiyone sighed as a small man’s
flustered face appeared on the screen.

"Oh, resident officers! I am so glad to see you! My ship got
knocked by an asteroid, and at first I thought it was okay, but
then I realised I was running short of fuel, as it had knocked the
tank, and…"

Kiyone slapped her hand to her forehead. Chief Inspector, 2nd
Class, and she woke up at four thirty in the morning for *this*?
"Don’t worry, sir, we can handle the situation." The Yagami
locked on to the source of transmission as on one of Jupiter’s
moons.

"Whew, I’m so glad." The face on the view screen breathed a
sigh of relief and wiped the sweat accumulating on his forehead
off.

"Hang on, sir!" Mihoshi added. "First class detectives Mihoshi
and Kiyone are on their way!" 

Kiyone sighed. Mihoshi had never got used their new positions.
Anyway, it would save them some trouble explaining what two
2nd Class Chief Inspectors were doing as resident officers here.

As the Yagami sped on to Jupiter, two faintly scarlet colour
ships rose out of the stratosphere and settled into orbit. A few
moments later, they turned into satellites.

====================================

"Tenchi, where has your father been lately? I haven’t seen him
around." Katsuhito asked.

"I don’t know, grandpa. But he’s been coming back *really* late
these past few days." Tenchi kept his head respectfully faced
down as he addressed his grandfather. Besides, he had to look
to see where the leaves were so he could sweep them up.

"This is unlike him. He usually tries to spend more time here
during your summer vacation." Katsuhito commented. "Did you
do something to offend him, Tenchi?"

"Well, I…" Tenchi did not think it was really wise to tell his
grandfather how Aeka and Ryoko had blown up a certain set of
tapes that Nobuyuki had really loved watching. "Didn’t do
anything. But I think he was missing some episodes of that
hentai program he was watching…" Tenchi was *really* glad
they had not blown up the reels of film on Achika though. He
was not sure how he would take that.

"I see." Katsuhito thought about how Nobuyuki had came to
him some time ago, and sadly admitted that as long as he,
Nobuyuki, was around, Tenchi was unlikely to make a move for
fear of his voyeurism. That could have been the other reason.
Thinking of such things… "Tenchi, how long more before you
have to go back to school?"

"Huh? Vacation just started, Grandpa!"

"Well, it will end. I think you should treasure it," Katsuhito sagely
pointed out, looking past Tenchi to the house.

"Oh well, if you want to. When do you want to practise sword
fighting?" Tenchi asked, completely missing his grandfather’s
point. Not that it was entirely his fault, as he had been
conditioned to believe only Nobuyuki stood for that kind of
thing, while his grandfather stood for the more, well, serene life.

Katsuhito shook his head. "Silly boy!" Ever since Tenchi
defeated Kagato, Yosho did not see that much need to train his
grandson, except maybe once in a while, to keep him in shape.
"Whenever you feel like it, Tenchi, come find me in the shrine
office." The problem with Tenchi was that he did not seem to be
able to fight on the spot, he had to have a reason for fighting. He
would stand no chance against a GP Battlesuit, whereas if he
were offered a duel for some important reason, say for Aeka’s
freedom, it was clear even men like Kagato would fall before
him. "As for now, you can do whatever you like."

Tenchi looked, puzzled, at the receding shape of his grandpa’s
back.

I suppose that means I can stop doing this, as he stopped
sweeping up the leaves and laid the broom down on the shrine
steps.

Maybe grandpa was referring to something else, he thought.
What could it be?

Musing to himself, Tenchi proceeded to descend back to the
house.

"Good morning, Tenchi!" Half way down the stairs, Ryoko
appeared out of mid air, floating beside him. Tenchi half
expected her to jump on him, but she made no such move, just
continued flashing her cheerful expression at him. "How’s your
morning?" 

"Fine, Ryoko."

"Washu’s here, just like I said she would." Ryoko was glad she
had found Tenchi. She had searched almost every room in the
house, plus the carrot fields, the forest. Aeka was out of the way,
and now she just needed Tenchi to accept her…

"True, but I haven’t heard much from Washu since she came.
She just kinda vanished into her lab."

"Isn’t that just like her. If only Aeka would follow suit." Ryoko
grinned as she floated nearer.

"Hey, Ryoko, don’t!"

"Aww, why so shy, Tenchi? Don’t you like me anymore?"
Ryoko teased, her body poised in the air, ready to pounce on
Tenchi.

"It’s not that, just that I don’t like it…"

"Tenchiiii! You just haven’t been paying enough attention!"
Ryoko sounded hurt. "Seriously, it can’t possibly of be of any
discomfort!"

Not physically, at least, Tenchi thought to himself. 

"But…"

"Come on, won’t you just feel me, hmmm?" Tenchi shrank back
as Ryoko advanced a little closer. "A little hug can’t hurt, can it?
Don’t run, just feel it, you’ll love it." 

Tenchi still looked unmoved.

"Pleeeeaase…?" Ryoko begged, hands clasped, on the verge of
tears.

Oh well, they were all alone here, no one would see…

"Oh, all right." Ryoko fought the impulse to jump on Tenchi
immediately. "But just a quick one, okay?" 

Ryoko became afire with joy. At last, a small step forward!

"Oh, Tenchi!! You won’t regret this!" She forced herself to take
her time, and managed to throw herself around and on Tenchi
about half a second later than she otherwise would have, while
reminding herself not to squeeze him too hard.

Tenchi closed his eyes, and just bathed in Ryoko’s love. It felt
good. She was, well, soft, not squeezing too hard or clinging too
tenaciously, and no one was watching, and…

I must have been made of stone.

Slowly, gingerly, his arms went around her too.

Ryoko felt his arms encircle her, and was fired into the seventh
heaven of joy. So this was what it was like to be loved back.

Then, slowly, his hands unwrapped themselves, and he started
to move a little.

Only heaven knew how much Ryoko wanted to continue
holding him, but anxious that he become annoyed and not let
her do this in future, she rather quickly stepped back from him,
fighting that sharp, stabbing pain in her heart.

Oh come on, Ryoko, she told herself. He’s still standing there in
front of you, just fine.

"That was… rather nice," Tenchi said.

"I have always been this way, Tenchi." Ryoko said, so quietly
and solemnly Tenchi could not help but look at her in surprise.

"Are… are you all right, Ryoko? Did I hurt you?" Tenchi
wondered how putting his arms around someone else could
hurt the person.

"Yes, I’m fine. It’s just that, you never wanted to notice how
good it was to be close to me." She sat down onto the stone
steps.

Tenchi hung his head, knowing with every fibre of his heart and
soul that she was speaking the truth. "I’m sorry, but honest, it
just isn’t right, hugging me like that all the time in front of
everyone."

"It makes me happy," Ryoko defiantly looked him in the eye.
"And you like it. You just said so."

"Well, it does feel good, but…" Sitting down beside Ryoko,
Tenchi desperately wracked his brains for a way to put it. "I…
there are some things you just don’t do. Just like not
interrupting someone when he is eating." He remembered how
Kiyone challenged Ryoko during her meal. 

"I don’t care." Ryoko looked stonily at him, then her eyes
became soft and tender. "I just…" she could not help but feel a
little nervous about making an open declaration, but she stuck
with it. "..need to be with you, Tenchi."

"I…" Tenchi’s mind filled with confusion and fear. Should he
admit his own feelings? But what about Aeka? If he said he
loved Ryoko, would he be deceiving her? "…don’t know what to
say."

"You… don’t love me, do you, Tenchi?" The yellow eyes
pleaded with him, begging him.

"Ryoko…" At a loss for words, all Tenchi could do was put an
arm around her for an answer. "That’s not true. Don’t think that
of me, will you?" He looked deep into her eyes. "Someday, I
promise you, you will know exactly how much I do."

"Tenchi?" Ryoko was stunned. She felt a warm glow of
happiness within her, gradually suffusing her body with energy,
and she treasured the feel of him close her, holding her.

He held her for some minutes, until he was sure she had calmed
down, then he suddenly gave a bright smile. "But not today,
Ryoko!" And quickly stood up and hurried down the steps.

Whew, that did it.

"Tenchi!" She leaped up, feigning anger, but not hurt. Tenchi
was *playing* with her! That was new!

"Oh, and one more thing," He stopped and turned around. "That
one hug will suffice for the day, won’t it?"

Ryoko looked outraged. "No way, Tenchi, that’s very unfair to
me!"

"All right, but only when you find me by myself, okay?" Ryoko
gave him a *huge* grin, and Tenchi suddenly felt a bead of
sweat form on his head as he considered what he would be
facing if he had not thought of the next sentence. "NOT when
I’m in the bath or toilet!" Ryoko continued grinning madly, and
Tenchi prayed fervently he had not missed anything.

As Tenchi descended further from her, Ryoko jumped over six
metres up into the air, gave herself a hug and did a quadruple
twirl in the air, congratulating herself.

ALL RIGHT! You did it, you pretty devil, you! Hah, Tenchi,
Tenchi, I’d like to see you get a moment all by yourself again.
Bwahahaha!

Looking out at the trees, listening to the singing voices of the
birds, she thought, what a wonderful day it is! Why, she couldn’t
remember a more beautiful morning.

She hugged herself again, gave a hearty laugh, and raced for
the house.

====================================

Aeka walked out of the shed, worried.

Where was Tenchi? She had not seen him all morning. Maybe
the shrine…

Of course, that’s the only place she hadn’t looked!

Not for the first, nor the last time, did Aeka complain to herself
how unfair things were. Ryoko could go anywhere, she would
almost definitely find Tenchi first.

Calm yourself. Lord Tenchi certainly will remain true to you.

Still, Aeka’s footsteps quickened significantly as she headed for
the shrine, and before long she saw Tenchi coming down the
steps.

"Lord Tenchi!!" She cried out, almost breaking into a run, then
remembering how she must conduct herself, managed to get
herself to walk over demurely. Well, at least Tenchi was alone.

"Good morning, Aeka." Tenchi seemed almost relieved to see
her. "Where are you going?"

"I was… going to the shrine, Tenchi." Aeka smiled.

"Oh? Whatever for?" Tenchi suddenly had a feeling of deja vu. 

"Why, I was looking for you, to…" Aeka searched quickly. "…eat
breakfast." She felt a little irritated with herself at neither having
asked Sasami if he had eaten nor getting some food with her.

"I already have, Aeka," Tenchi began to have creeping doubts.
Maybe what Kiyone implied was correct. Maybe Aeka and
Ryoko are one and the same underneath all that. "You needn’t
have gone without breakfast for me, you know, hehehe."
Nervous laughter was all he could manage. 

That didn’t come out right at all!! I am supposed to ask her if she
had eaten!

Why ask something you know the answer to? Tenchi’s mind
retorted.

"Tenchi, did something happen to you?" Aeka looked puzzled,
at his unusual display of nervousness.

Tenchi stopped, still uncertainly scratching his head. "Oh
nothing, Aeka, just that Ryoko…"

"What!? What did she do!?" Aeka just managed to stop herself
from screaming outright.

A bead of sweat formed behind Tenchi’s head. Aeka’s tone and
eyes told him in no uncertain terms that if Ryoko had done
something, she was not going to let her get away with it.

In other words, there would be a fight.

Idiot! Tenchi scolded himself for letting slip her name.

"Don’t worry about it, Aeka, it’s really nothing." He quickly tried
to cover up. "Why don’t we, erm, go eat breakfast?"

"I thought you already had it," Aeka looked, once again
unbalanced by Tenchi’s odd behaviour.

Well, I let Ryoko hug me, so may as well make Aeka happy too.

"Well, maybe I’ll just sit and well… watch you eat," Tenchi
laughed nervously.

The transformation was astonishing. Aeka just sort of shrank
back and bloomed, like a flower that moves away bashfully to
find itself bathed in the sun’s glow. Her cheeks filled with colour,
and already Tenchi could see the joy in her eyes. 

Fighting to keep herself from grinning, Aeka managed to smile
demurely. "Well then, let’s proceed, my lord." She took his hand
and walked with him.

Now that he was actually looking at her, he could see Aeka was
brimming with joy, at the same time fighting to contain it. He had
never realised it, never noticed it. How could he have been so
blind?

It must be hard on her.

"Erm, Aeka," Tenchi ventured cautiously, wondering how to put
it across.

"Yes, Tenchi?" she spun round, just a little bit faster than was
appropriate, eyes shining.

"You know, Aeka, you don’t need to do that." Well, it was a try.

"Do what, Tenchi?" Aeka saw the meaningful look in his eyes. 

He’s trying to see you as you are, Aeka!

"I don’t know what you mean!" Aeka retorted. Tenchi shrank
back, surprise showing on his face, searching in her eye for a
vestige of comprehension. He found none.

Well, what next? He asked himself.

Either she’s really clueless, or she’s very, very good.

"You know… loosen up, Aeka!" He smiled, though she could
see the nervousness in him.

"Huh?" Now she really did look lost, and glanced at her dress
sleeves curiously.

"Oh yeah, I forgot, it’s only used in schools here on Earth." 

The tension is killing me!

"What is it, then?" Aeka questioned, expressing nothing but
curiosity. "What does it mean?"

"It…" Now that he was on the point of getting the message
across, he was completely and utterly tongue-tied.

And just how did you put it across anyway? Be more like
Ryoko? Flirt with me?

"Show your emotions, Aeka." Well, that was a fair attempt, he
had to admit.

There was a sharp intake of breath, and her body shook a little.
Quickly, she averted her eyes, and he caught a tinge of rose on
her face.

He asked me to love him!

No, he just meant show your emotions!

Aeka was lost in her thoughts for a moment, then she felt a
quick squeeze on her hand.

"Aeka, are you all right?"

"I’m fine, Tenchi." She said, trying to appear calm, then she
remembered what Tenchi had said, how he had squeezed her
hand, and broke into a warm smile.

How long was it since I did this? Aeka thought, as the blissful
feeling she had long forgotten returned. 

Tenchi watched, stunned by her radiant face. "Aeka, you look…
beautiful."

Yes! At last!

"Do you really think so, Tenchi?" Her eyes shone with delight.

He nodded, stiffly, with something in the back of his mind
asking, how was this going to end?

"Hey, Aeka, there you are!" A door opened and Sasami popped
up round its corner. "Where have you been? I’ve been calling
for you all this while! Your breakfast will be cold."

"Sasami!" Aeka seemed to growl for an instant at her little sister,
but then she became apologetic so very quickly Tenchi almost
thought it was his imagination. "I’m sorry, Sasami. I’ll be going in
soon, only I have something to say to Tenchi now. So if you
don’t mind…" She turned back to Tenchi.

Sasami frowned, annoyed. It was almost as though Aeka had
said "Shoo, shoo, go away, you dirty little thing," to her, rather
than to Ryo-oh-ki, who incidentally, was curled up on Sasami’s
head.

Suddenly the cabbit sat upright, nose sniffing curiously at the
air, before hopping off her perch.

"Hey, Ryo-oh-ki! Where are you going?" Sasami hurried after
her, and Tenchi, hearing the commotion, turned his face from
Aeka to look as the dark coloured cabbit bounded away from
him, before both she and Sasami disappeared around the
corner of the house.

Aeka ground her teeth. As if Ryoko weren’t enough! Now she
was being foiled by her very own sister and even the adorable
cabbit!

Then "Oooohh! They’re so cute!" A slight hissing, spitting
sound, and Sasami’s voice again. "Now, calm down Ryo-oh-ki,
let’s be nice." She giggled, there was another commotion, and
then, "Hey wait, don’t go! Come back!"

Two tiny kittens ran into Tenchi’s line of sight, one black, and
the other white.

"Oh my," Tenchi heard Aeka gasp. "They *are* cute!"

"Mew," the black one sounded like it was in fright, and quickly
darted behind Tenchi’s leg. The white one dived under Aeka’s
dress. Behind them, the screeching, spitting Ryo-oh-ki came,
ears upright and fangs bared, with Sasami rushing in behind her

"Ryo-oh-ki!! Stop that! You’re scaring them!" She hurried over
and picked the dark coloured ball of fur by the nape of her neck.
Ryo-oh-ki continued screeching and spitting, spinning gently
around in the air, as Sasami held her at arm’s length away from
the kittens. "There now, don’t be afraid, you two! Come on,
come on out…"

One little furry white head poked out from under Aeka’s skirts,
looking around in fear.

"There now, don’t be afraid," Aeka bent to stroke the kitten’s
head, and it purred affectionately, before licking Aeka’s hand.

"I think it likes you!" Tenchi laughed, as Sasami tried to lure the
black one out from behind Tenchi’s leg. Aeka picked up the little
white thing, letting it stand on her hand. The kitten mewed and
rubbed itself against her hand.

"My, what an adorable thing you are! I will call you Anako."
Anako mewed in appreciation and reached up for Aeka’s chin,
licking it. The purple-haired princess chuckled with pleasure.

"What about this one?" Sasami pointed to the black cat Tenchi
was trying to coax into his hand.

"Hmmm? Ah, at last!" The black one finally deigned to climb
onto Tenchi’s hand, though it still seemed a little nervous. Not
surprising, really, because Ryo-oh-ki was still hissing and
spitting and spinning around. "You do look like Kitty!" Thinking
of the black cat at his grandfather’s shrine, Tenchi tickled the
kitten. It purred in pleasure, but then jumped off anyway. Tenchi
looked at it, half expecting it to bolt off, but it only mewed at him.
"Well, I guess that means you’re here to stay, then. Aeka?"

"Noo, I want to name him!" Sasami giggled. "You’ll call you
Oneko."

"Actually, I prefer the name Koneko," Ryoko suddenly appeared
out of nowhere, standing so that the black kitten was between
her and Tenchi. "Now that’s what I call a kitten’s name!" She
reached down to pat Koneko, and the little black thing happily
rubbed herself against her hand. "You like it, don’t you?
Ryo-oh-ki, stop that! You’re mixing up my mind!"

"Humph," Aeka stood up at Ryoko’s approach. "Let’s go,
Anako. I have to take my breakfast, you know."

"Mew," Anako seemed to wave goodbye to Koneko as Aeka
entered the door.

"Oh, and see if you can whip up a little something too for
Tenchi," Aeka’s voice sounded again.

"Sure, Aeka!" Sasami hurried into the house too, with Ryo-oh-ki
still dangling from her fingers, though considerably less noisy,
probably because she was tired.

"Hey, Tenchi, what’s that about, huh!?" Ryoko looked at him,
jealousy, burning in her eyes, 

"Er, huh, well, just something I said," grinned Tenchi, ignoring
Koneko who was rubbing itself against Tenchi’s trouser leg.
"Aeka’s my guest too, you know."

"I don’t care!" Ryoko turned away, gradually floating higher into
the sky.

Tenchi hung his head.

Suddenly Ryoko was looking wildly in all directions, as though
searching for someone. Satisfied, she then turned to face
Tenchi and grinned wickedly.

"Ryoko…?" Tenchi stuttered.

"We’re all alone, aren’t we?" Her voice had a seductive tone to it.

"Uh, Ryoko, don’t!!" Tenchi’s eyes widened as the pirate dived
down at him, swooping down like a hawk and clutching him in
her embrace.

"Why?" She asked, smiling face right before his.

Tenchi pointed down.

"Mew!" Koneko seemed to be happy, and rubbed itself on
Ryoko’s leg.

"Tenchi, you never change!" And she held him closer.

I guess that must feel good, Ryoko. Tenchi thought, running his
hands through her hair and hearing Ryoko sigh happily.

Then he gently pulled at her arms.

"But Tenchi! Why?" Ryoko asked, plaintively.

"I have to… or there’ll be a fight." He tugged a little harder.

"I don’t care about Aeka! All I want is to be with you!"

But I do, Tenchi nearly let slip. "Please." He felt her stiffen as
she heard him, though her hold was no less insistent or and her
body no less soft. "Ryoko." Slowly her arms loosened, and she
stood before him, anguished and defeated.

"I’m sorry, Ryoko. Thank you," Tenchi almost turned to go, just
like he normally did, but he stopped himself, as Kiyone’s words
rang in his mind.

Love them or lose them.

Ryoko looked up as Tenchi drew near her. His hands were
holding her cheeks, and his lips were reaching for her.

Her heart fluttered.

Gently, Tenchi tilted her head down before him and kissed her
on her forehead, between the eyes.

"Please understand."

Ryoko blinked, exhilaration deepening to disappointment.

He loves me! But he is not ready…

She looked up, hands reaching out for him, but he had gone
into the house.

Pleasure it was, but so bitter! She just managed restrained the
urge to shriek in frustration as the pleasure induced pain lanced
in her heart, and Koneko looked up in surprise as she vanished.

Whirling images skimmed by her, of the white clouds and the
empty sky. The universe beyond beckoned her to return to her
cold, lonely roots, in which she knew she could never survive.
Her tears, cold from the high altitude, stung her face, and she
unleashed her agony in one heartbreaking howl. 

Only two people heard Ryoko cry out, all alone in the sky. One
with her whole being, body and soul. The other, with his soul.

Seated before Aeka, Tenchi winced visibly, 

"Lord Tenchi, what’s the matter?" Aeka put down her
chopsticks and reached out for him, her other hand cradling
Anako, as Tenchi pushed the plate with the remaining food on it
away.

"It’s noth…" Tenchi stopped, halfway, a thought forming in his
mind. Rather than to keep everything locked up in himself so
that he felt like exploding, he might confide in someone.

He took in Aeka’s appearance, her face a mask of concern.

Aeka. She would understand. At least the principle.

"Aeka, I don’t mean to get you involved in my problems, but tell
me, have you ever felt like doing something, when someone
close to you was pulling you the other way?" He was sure she
could not fail to at least understand his sentiments, what with
her constant turmoil over her duty to Jurai and her desire to be
with him.

Aeka suddenly became silent, her jaw fixed rigid.

Oh no, did she realise I was asking about her and Ryoko?

"I’m sorry, Aeka. I did not mean to hurt you." Regret lined his
voice.

"No apologies are expected or accepted, Tenchi." Aeka
murmured. "It’s just that you touched a raw chord in me."

"I’m sor… I didn’t know."

"It’s all right. You just asked me how I’ve managed to live my life,
didn’t you?"

Tenchi blinked, confused. "I didn’t think you’d take it that way."

"It has always been this way between myself and my duties as a
princess. Almost since I was born." Aeka’s voice was
melancholy. "I just have to live with it, and balance my duties."
She blinked away her tears. "But things seem to be better now
that I’ve met…" She stopped, too embarrassed to continue.

"You really want something, don’t you, Aeka?" He asked, softly,
only too aware what it was.

She nodded.

What are you doing, Aeka! Where is your dignity!?

There is no insult in telling Tenchi! He is not a worm! He is
Juraian Royalty.

"What about your own problem, Tenchi?" She asked,
brightening up.

"Well, you see, I really *need* to do something when everyone
else is telling me to do the opposite. That I’m not following their
suggestions makes them…" Tenchi gulped as he nearly said
‘both.’ "…very upset, and it hurts me to see them upset."

He’s talking about you and Ryoko, can’t you see that!?

No, he can’t be. How can that woman measure up against me?

"I can understand that, Tenchi. It happens only too often,
especially with the Juraian Council." She smiled a little to herself
as she thought how events had placed them back in line. As
things were, she could all but postpone marriage meetings
infinitely. "But if you really can’t do what they ask of you, and
you care for them, why not explain it to them?"

Tenchi gritted his teeth. Was Aeka that thick headed?

But then again, did he really wanted her to know?

"I really, really cannot tell them. It would hurt them even worse,
and knowing them, they’ll just say it’s okay, and I should…"
How was he supposed to phrase that? Go ahead and have a
good time? "…be more, well, whatever it is they want me to be.
Then they’ll see to it I do just that, which will really, really hurt
them but they won’t show it because they don’t want to hurt
me." It was all very confusing, really, but somehow his thoughts
seemed to clear up when speaking to Aeka.

It was her eyes, her attitude. She seemed to being saying, I’m
listening to you, Tenchi, and I’ll try to understand.

And she was, in a way. Only now her eyes were starry and
glazed over, now that he had ended his speech.

Speak up, Aeka! She heard her mind order. Tell him you
understand and it’s okay.

But he is right, he does not need, or wish to hear me.

You’re a princess! You can take the pain!

Could I? She sounded almost bitter to herself. Even now it’s
already difficult.

She bowed her head, looking drained and apologetic, fighting to
keep from saying what she wanted and trying to think what
Tenchi needed to hear. "I’m sorry, Tenchi. But I see now, even
though I am princess, I *cannot* instruct you in this matter."
Anako seemed to understand, and looked pityingly at her,
before licking her chin gently.

Tenchi’s heart sank a little, unsure if she already knew what he
meant. But at least it was better then it was when he felt Ryoko’s
pain. But did he just transfer her pain to Aeka?

Sighing, he sat back, defeated.

"But, Tenchi, I want you to know, that whatever you choose, I
am behind you." Aeka said quietly, polished off the rest of
breakfast, then stood up to leave, Anako trailing behind her.

Tenchi sank his head in his hands. Now he was asking Aeka to
do something against her own desire, placing her in exactly the
situation he stood in.

Well, at least she understood. A consolation.

And how does that help anything? A bitter retort.

Why did everything have to be so difficult!?

====================================

It’s almost lunch time!

Desperately, Kiyone wrestled with the machine’s engine, trying
to keep cool and calm.

A good distance behind her, Mihoshi stood. "Uh, Kiyone, are
you sure you don’t need help?"

"For the last time, Mihoshi, YES!" She stepped back and wiped
the sweat off her brow. That looked about right. "Okay, rev her
up."

"Sure, Kiyone!" Mihoshi smiled and reached for a button. The
owner of the ship, who was watching the two work, just
managed to make out a blue streak, tinged with dark green on
top, before the tangle of blue, yellow and green landed together
in a heap.

"Urm, Kiyone, could you get off me?"

"Yeah, sure," Kiyone quickly got to her feet, her uniform now
dirty with the dust of the moon as well as the grime from the
engine. "You, sir, rev her up."

"Uh, sure, officer." The chap quickly walked over to comply.

"What was that for?" Mihoshi asked, dusting herself, while
Kiyone stared tensely at the ship. The machine gave a roar, a
splutter, then started working.

"Hey, you fixed it! Thanks!" the delighted sire-in-distress
exclaimed. Kiyone gave a loud sigh of relief and sagged against
Mihoshi. She was almost certainly as happy as the owner, only
too tired to show it.

"Quick, Yagami, take us up. And you sir, had best service that
ship."

"Bye!" Mihoshi managed to get out before they were beamed up
into the ship.

Kiyone quickly set the ship to maximum speed, auto navigation,
destination Earth, before slumping into the control seat.

"Kiyone?"

"Yes, Mihoshi?" Weakly.

"Why did you, uh…"

"I’m sorry, Mihoshi, but I really, *really* couldn’t afford to let
you…" Kiyone fought the impulse to say ‘screw it up’, "…touch
that engine." The green-haired officer snatched a quick glance
at her watch, and groaned. It was almost twelve.

Hurry up, Yagami, she prayed.

"We have arrived in orbit around Earth. Auto pilot taking over."

"Beam us down." As they were bathed in the light, Kiyone
quickly told Mihoshi, "You go to Tenchi’s place for lunch first. I’ll
join you later, so don’t wait for me. If I don’t show up, get back
here. Remember, we still have a job at Mosburger." 

The apartment walls appeared around them, and the two Chief
Inspectors made for the doors, Kiyone opening the one to the
outside, while Mihoshi knocked on the wall beside that, and
opened the door that materialised. Kiyone was half way out the
door before she realised something.

I’m still in uniform!

She quickly looked at herself.

And filthy!

For a moment Kiyone squirmed in the grip of indecision, acutely
aware it was already 12:10, and she would take at least another
twenty minutes to get to the Hurashi Steel Enterprises. Finally
making up her mind, she rushed back in, closing the apartment
door behind her, grabbing a set of (nice) clothes and entered
Tenchi’s house. As she opened the door, she could hear
laughter below as the Masaki household ate their lunch. Quickly
opening the door to the bath, which was thankfully empty,
Kiyone stepped in, rapidly stripped off her uniform, ran to the
edge of the pool, and…

Jumped?

That’s funny, Kiyone thought to herself as she sailed through
the air, her hands holding her legs up before her. I’ve never
done this before, and I didn’t think I’d do it now.

A resounding splash as she hit the water, and she almost
laughed for the fun of it.

This is great! I probably did it to calm my nerves, and it sure did!

====================================

Washu looked up from her food and commented to Tenchi.
"Kiyone’s here." Mihoshi was too busy wolfing down lunch to
take any notice.

"Huh, how did you know?"

"Someone just pulled open the door to the bath, rather quickly.
Kiyone seems in a rush. Hey, don’t tickle!" She seemed to want
to laugh as Koneko, seated in her lap, rubbed itself against her
side. The black kitten, wandering in the house after ‘losing’
Ryoko, had become attached to her since she emerged from her
lab. It purred as Washu tickled it back, under its neck.

Tenchi, straining his ears, had just managed to hear the door
slide open again, as though pulled back by someone using a lot
of force. "I really ought to install a bell on the wall or the door, so
at least I know when they drop by in. Could you help me?"

"Maybe." Washu looked rather thoughtful, then she suddenly
became very interested in her food.

Tenchi took a cursory look around and found Aeka and Ryoko
glaring at Washu. "Sigh. If you please, the two of you…" Aeka
and Ryoko returned to eating their meals, though their eyes still
fixed on Tenchi and Washu. "Washu, I believe you’ve been a
little busy lately."

"Yeah, Washu, we haven’t seen much of you since you came.
You only come out to eat the breakfast or lunch or dinner that I
cook up and you don’t talk so much like you used to." Sasami
added. "I miss the old Washu."

Washu peered curiously at Sasami, then at Tenchi.

"We all do," Tenchi finished. Ryoko and Aeka seemed to be a
little more annoyed, but Tenchi chose to ignore them.

"It’s rather serious, Tenchi." Washu said. "And it’s my own
problem, you don’t have to help."

"No!" Sasami announced. "Your problem is our problem!"

"What problem?" Mihoshi suddenly asked, blue eyes wide with
surprise, a little rice hanging out of the corner of her mouth.

"Well…" Washu deliberated, casting a questioning eye on the
people seated at the table.

"Yes, Sasami is perfectly right," Tenchi decided, and was
gratified to see Aeka nod. Katsuhito remained silent and
detached, as always, while Ryoko, seeing Tenchi’s happy gaze
at Aeka, nodded too.

"Very well," Washu said, before raising her chopsticks. "But
only after lunch."

"What was that about?" Mihoshi asked. "Anyway, I won’t be
staying long, Tenchi. Kiyone told me if she didn’t show up I
should be getting back."

====================================

Kiyone threw open the door to the outside and was dashing out
when she realised someone was standing in the doorway. Her
eyes widened as she attempted to arrest herself, but it looked
like she was about ram into the figure when…

"Hello, Kiyone-chan." Strong hands clasped her shoulders,
steadying her and preventing her from careening into him. "May
I come in?"

"Kova…! Well, what a surprise!" Kiyone managed, blushing. His
hands let go of her rather quickly, as he looked, bemused, at
her.

"You look… great." He took in her light blue blouse, green vest
and dark pants. Kiyone did not exactly have an extensive
wardrobe, especially with regard to low cut dresses or skimpy
mini skirts. Not that she would have worn them on this occasion
anyway. "Going somewhere?"

"Not anymore. Have you had lunch?" 

"Brought it with me," he smiled, raising up a rather large paper
bag. "Want to share?"

"I’ll have to see what it is first. Come on in." She stepped back to
make way for him, thinking as she did how nice he looked, in his
white tee and dark blue trousers. He entered the apartment and
set down his package on the table.

"It’s a good thing Mihoshi likes lunch so much, she decided to
leave us." He settled down by the table as Kiyone closed the
door. Kiyone’s eyes followed his as he looked around the
apartment, empty except for them, while she sat opposite him.
"Sigh…"

Kiyone’s brow furrowed, and she bent forward a little. "What’s
wrong?"

"Nothing, just that… later. Just give me a moment as I set the
table." 

"So, what made help Mihoshi yesterday?" Kiyone asked as she
watched him take out plates of roast chicken, sushi, and
vegetable salad.

"Well… I thought she might have done with some help." Kova
answered, before meticulously arranging the dishes he had
taken out on the small table and unwrapping the plastic
wrapping around them. 

"Oh really?" Kiyone asked, sounding skeptical and amused.
"You sure you had no other intentions?"

Kova smiled, but his eyes did not leave his preoccupation. "So
perhaps I might have had other intentions." Reaching into his
bag, he produced two plates of rice, wrapped up, like the other
food, in plastic. "But I promise you, all of them are honourable."

"Yeah, right," Kiyone curled one side of her lip up in sarcasm.

"Well… take my word, or leave it." He returned, seemingly
unperturbed as he removed the covers off the two plates of rice,
and placed one plate before Kiyone and the other before
himself. 

"Fine…" Kiyone scrutinised her considerably smaller portion of
rice, then looked meaningfully at him. "So this is what you mean
by sharing, huh?"

"Well, I thought you’d like some space to well, eat something
else." Kiyone’s eyes widened a little, as she read between his
lines. But he seemed oblivious to it as he grinned, producing
two pairs of chopsticks, and handing one to her. "Go ahead,
help yourself!"

Rather gingerly, what with eating under the gaze of someone
else, Kiyone tasted a piece of sushi. "Not bad." She conceded,
as he smiled proudly while filling out a cup with tea, belonging
to Kiyone. Placed beside the table, on the ground, was
Mihoshi’s cup. Somehow, he knew which was which. Kiyone
looked questioningly at him.

"Yours does not have scratches from your fingernails. Nor is it
so new." Almost like a triumphant detective, he placed the filled
cup before her.

"What about you?" she asked.

For a response, he picked up a bigger cup from within his bag,
leaving it decidedly empty.

"You *are* well prepared, aren’t you?" Kiyone asked as she tried
another delicious looking piece of chicken meat. "This is quite
good too." Not everyday did one find food comparable to
Sasami’s. "Say, where did you buy this?"

Kova just arched his eyebrow proudly and took more food.

Kiyone’s eyes widened. "You didn’t…!"

He bowed his head to sip his tea, but his eyes never left hers.
"But I did."

Kiyone sat back, stunned. "You were prepared for this, weren’t
you?"

"One tries one’s humble best. Besides, I thought you might have
some rather delicate tastes." Again, that hint. Raising his cup of
tea, "Cheers." 

Kiyone raised her cup. "Cheers."

"To Kiyone, the greatest woman in the universe."

"To Kova, possibly the second best cook in the universe."

He gave a laugh as Kiyone blushed, then downed his cup.
"Well, don’t eat too much then. Save some space for the best
cook’s meal."

The third hint. That clinched it.

"You know who Sasami is, don’t you?" She asked.

He seemed to freeze, his chopsticks pausing in mid reach for a
sushi roll, then he relaxed, and continued with what he was
doing. "Seriously, you never thought I was an ordinary
earthling, did you, Kiyone?" The sushi disappeared into his
mouth.

"I guessed it last night. No one on earth could have the
consummate skill and confidence you have." She said firmly. 

He looked at her rather tensely, trying to figure her next move.
"You’re Kiyone, all right."

"Of course," she said, almost indignantly, then she softened her
voice. "Then again, no one I’ve ever met had the audacity and
boldness you have." She obviously was not referring to
entering the apartment.

He looked at her, his face filled with doubt and surprise. "You,
are unbelievable."

"Well, we live and we learn, don’t we, Kova?" She looked away,
nibbling on a celery. "So you know who I am, what I do for a
living?"

"You are a Galaxy Police Officer, formerly 1st Class Detective,
now a 2nd Class Chief Inspector." He said, his voice calm and
controlled, but she could make out the turmoil underneath it.
"You were first in your class in the Galaxy Police Academy, and
assisted in restoring the throne of Jurai from Kagato to Aeka
Jurai. Currently a resident officer here, I suspect, at the request
of your partner Mihoshi."

Kiyone’s mind recoiled in amazement at the sheer amount of
things Kova knew about her, but she maintained a calm exterior.

"And you are…?" She queried, seemingly probing confidently,
but fearful of what she’d find. Did she want to know? She didn’t
know, but she definitely had to ask. The image of the silhouette
sitting in the window stirred in her mind, pushing her onwards
where she dare not tread.

His voice lowered again. "Do you really want to know?"

"No." She said, lowering her chopsticks, still not looking at him,
fighting the awful realisation that was dawning on her. The
disguise at the burger joint, the way he vanished to avoid
questioning when the police came, the break-in, the way he
knew everything. 

"No. I do not wish to know." More to herself, than to him, but
already her finely trained mind was making the connections.
The whole thing clicked into perspective. For a moment her
mind reeled with wild, impossible thoughts, then her head sank
into her hands, and the dam broke as wild emotions of
confusion, terror and anger streamed through her like a
thunderstorm across the raging seas. 

"Get out." Her voice trembled as she pointed a shaking finger at
the door.

The ensuing silence was punctuated only by the sounds of
Kiyone sobbing.

"Kiyone-chan…"

"Don’t you call me that!" her voice rose in a fury, as she stood
up, glaring at him with angry eyes. Wet with tears, red with
crying. And she saw him, though her vision was blurred, she
nevertheless saw him as clearly as though she were right before
his face.

He was sitting before her, all solemn and still, as though he had
been struck by lightning. The blood had drained from his face,
and he looked almost like a statue, but his eyes were staring at
her in that sad, sober, yet tender and loving way, yet tremulous.
In their crystal clear depths, like two deep lakes, she could see
currents stirring, because of her. Waves running across it,
because of her. And the water glistened in them, as clearly as
they had flooded her own. Emotions, like her own, zigzagging
across the surface like lightning in a clear sky. 

"I did not think your world meant that much to you, Kiyone. So
much more than yourself, your happiness."

His face was clouded, cold and still. His brow was not furrowed,
nor was his mouth in any way expressing sorrow or anger, but
she could almost feel the ice form up before his face, his mask,
even as she realised he was trembling. The sadness she felt
emanating from him would soon stop, would soon be gone.
Soon.

The emotion flowed back over his face, and he became
animated, his face contorting into a wild mask of pain, as words
flowed from within, laced with his heart’s blood.

"Please, I beg you, remain human! Let not the light turn you into
a statue of marble, unfeeling and cold, an ivory gem that can
never be touched! Feel, be human, be alive." 

She saw him, desperately pleading, entreating with her, and
remembered that glimpse of him she had seen, when he had
seemed like a statue. Even now, he was subsiding, until he
became as he was then, only this time his eyes had died. Only
his lips were moving, slowly, as stone trying to speak.

"Save yourself, Kiyone. Save your humanity, or we will both
lose ours." Quietly, almost as a dirge. "Please."

Then she realised what she had seen on him, on his face. The
humanity, the care, the warmth that flowed from it was almost
gone. In time it would be stilled completely, taking along with it
that side of him he had shown to no one but her, and that part of
him would be silenced under the sheen of ice that she now saw
creeping up his face.

That was creeping up her own.

She could imagine he could never dare remove his mask again.

Just as she would never.

And they would have been killed…forever.

Her resolve broke, and she stood before him, quaking like a
wilted leaf before a stormy gale. And he sat before her, still like a
prisoner awaiting the headsman’s block.

She saw her own eyes soften, reflected in his, even as she felt
her body quiver and seem to fall.

Then he was by her side, cradling her in his arms. She half
expected him to kiss him, but then she felt his hands slide away,
and she realised she was on her futon.

"There now, it will be all right." His face was watching over her,
so full of care and fear, all for her. His fingers quickly brushed
before his eyes, and she realised he too, was crying.

No one had ever cared for her, cried for her, like that before.
Maybe only her mother, whom she only dimly remembered.

"You won’t be working at Mos Burger today, Kiyone. I’ll call
them up, tell them you were sick."

"Yes," she managed a smile. "Lovesick." He seemed to brighten
a little at seeing her smile, a weak, dainty smile he had never
imagined she would have and that she had no idea how she did.
"But the phone isn’t working." A rose tinge coloured her
cheeks. "Why *do* you love me so much?"

"Until a moment ago, I thought it was because you were special,
you were different. I thought it was because you were so
uniquely Kiyone." The shimmering azure lakes before her ran
deep, but still gleamed brightly in the light. "Now I realise that
was only part of the story."

"I also thought it was because you viewed me differently from
the rest, and how you were like nobody I’ve ever known." Her
intent, piercing green eyes burned deeply into his mind, and he
knew that even in his darkest days, he would never forget them.
"To think I thought I got that right."

"But we were both wrong." Kova said.

Kiyone nodded. "Because you saw yourself in me."

"And you wanted to save me."

"To save myself."

And this is what it is like, to feel so keenly for another person.
They could feel each other, breathing, thinking, reaching out. 

I wonder if this is when I get to kiss her, Kova thought.

Kiyone looked past him to the table. "Your lunch is getting
cold." Already the tears were a distant memory, leaving only
lines that marred the surface of her skin, and could be washed
off easily. It felt so *good* being near him now.

"And do you think you can eat, or do you want me to feed you?"
Kova laughed, a hearty laugh that warmed Kiyone’s heart. He
could see her moment of weakness, induced by her painful
emotions, had passed, and her strength was returning.

"No, I think I can manage." Kiyone extended a hand, and he
helped her up, then walked her to her place, before settling
down at his. "Let’s hurry up and finish your delicious cooking
before it gets cold." 

Both of them ate heartily now, not speaking, but basking in the
warm glow of the other’s presence, while thinking back to the
times they had met, the things they had learnt about the other.
Before long, the food was finished.

"One last toast, if you don’t mind, Kova-chan," said Kiyone,
blushing again, as she filled their cups.

"Thank you, Kiyone-chan." Kova was looking away, trying to
blink the tears of joy out of his eyes. Only last night did he ever
dream someone might call him that, and now, it was a reality.
"Thank you."

Kiyone knew it was not for her pouring the tea. "A toast, then."
She raised her drink.

"To us!" They said together, and drained their cups.

Kova started placing the dirtied disposable plates back into his
bag. Kiyone helped him with it, and she heard him sigh, and
remembered what he did when he just came in.

"You didn’t tell me about that, just now." 

"It’s just that…" His eyes roamed around the apartment again.
"There’s just the two of us, alone, in this apartment. Since I
joined the Syndicate, I never thought I could lead a normal life
like that. Almost like we were…"

Silence. 

Then Kiyone sighed, regret tingeing her voice. "Yes, I know how
you feel. Sometimes GP life just gives you no time to be
anything else other than an officer. And I have been an officer of
the law for so long, it just seems so far away from me…"

Silence again.

"Do you think it will be possible?" he asked, his voice quiet and
sober again.

"It might," she replied, thoughtfully. "Someday, it might."

"I hope so," he was about to stand up, and stopped. "Oh, and I
don’t believe I’ve told you my full name. It’s Kova Kashiro."

Kiyone did not respond.

"Just thought you might want to know."

"We will have to discuss that, don’t we?"

"Yes, we must." Kova paused. "I’m sorry to put you through so
much. Next time, I guess."

"When will that be?"

"How about tomorrow, same time?"

"No, I think we need some more time to think things over.
Maybe… next week?"

Kova’s eyes bulged out at her.

"Just kidding! Tomorrow night. After Mihoshi’s asleep." She
thought he saw him smile mischievously. "In case you were
having any ideas, it will be downstairs."

"Well, that settles that." He stood up, hand on the bag
containing the rubbish, and Kiyone followed suit. She walked
him to door and opened it, as he stepped before her, the
reluctance to leave her clearly seen in his eyes. Bringing his
face close to hers, "Bye, Kiyone-chan."

"Bye, Kova-chan." She felt his lips brush by her cheek and saw,
over his shoulder…

MIHOSHI!

=== End of Chapter ===

NOTES:
Kova is in a way, an SIed character. Pls include him in your
comments, whether I have portrayed him as a person, as a friend
or foe, as one of the gang, and most importantly, as a human being.

I hope you have enjoyed this Fanfic as much as I have typing it.
If there are any more grammar errors, I beg your forgiveness, as
my sole proofreader is myself.

This is my first FF, so go ahead and mail me at zyraen@yahoo.com
with comments, especially on character portrayal, realism.
