Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Tenchi characters because they belong to
Pioneer. I do own
Captain Justin the space pirate. I don't care if you use my story as long as
you don't claim
it as your own. If I find it I will probably learn to make a computer virus
and send it to you
Bwuhahahahahahaha!!!!!! Now that that's over with, on with the story.

                                The Dark Visitor-Part One-"Justin Arrives"
                a Tenchi fanfic By Akaza the Knight (eaaguilar@msn.com)

        It was a dark night and everyone was sleeping in Japan except for
one figure. "I will
find you Ryoko you can't hide from me any longer" said a dark voice. In the
morning Tenchi woke
up hearing Sasami calling, "Breakfast is ready everyone wake up." Tenchi
found that he was
sweating for some reason. He turned around and saw the reason.
"Yaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!" Tenchi
yelled as he saw Ryoko sleeping right next to him. Ryoko woke up and said
"oh hi Tenchi is it
time for breakfast?" "OUT!!!" Tenchi screamed. "Touchy, Touchy" Ryoko
mumbled as she went to
her room. Tenchi quickly got dressed and ran downstairs to get some
breakfast. Ryoko and
the rest of the gang were already there. "Good Morning Tenchi" said Ryoko
and Ayeka at the
same time. Then the just gave each other a cold stare. Everyone else formed
sweatdrops on their
heads. That stare quickly turned into a Tug-of-Tenchi contest. "You let go
you demon" Ayeka said
"as you wish your majesty" Ryoko said as she let go. Ayeka had toppled over
and a plate of eggs
landed on her face. "Ha! pretty graceful princess" Ryoko said to an Ayeka in
a very bad mood.
Suddenly a bunch of logs formed around Ryoko. "We'll see who gets the last
laugh, Miss Ryoko"
said Ayeka. "you're on" said a Ryoko with an energy blast formed in her
hands.

Meanwhile.....

"I'm suprised how fragile the door is at the place where Ryoko is staying"
said the same dark
Voice. "You would think that she would want to have better security since I
am after her. With
that he blasted Tenchi's door open.

From their poit of view

Everyone stared as the door blasted open after a huge explosion. A figure
appeared at the
doorway. "It...It can't be him" said Ryoko staring at the figure. "I have
found you at last
Ryoko" said the figure. "Justin! but y-you're dead" said ryoko very wide
eyed. Everyone else was
silent until Techi spoke up asking, "Um, do you two know each other?" "Why
yes we do I was the
captain of the the crew of space pirates that Ryoko used to be on" said the
man called Justin.
"Yes that's um very nice but um why did you have to blow up my door? You
could have just knocked"
Tenchi said. "Oh I exploded you door because I am not here to visit but I am
here to seek revenge
on the one callled Ryoko and kill her" said Justin with a smile on his face.
"and why would you
want to do a thing like that?" asked Tenchi looking very uncomfortable.
"Well...it was while
Ryoko was still a space pirate"

Flashback...

"ok you pirates you know the drill we sneak into the Jurain bank and steal
all the cash" said
a very much younger looking Justin. "Yes captain, sir!" said the the pirates
one of which was
Ryoko. "Then let's move" commanded Justin. The pirates with Justin at the
lead broke into the
bank of Jurai. Just when they were about to leave a bunch of robots came and
said "Stop in the
name of Jurai" The men got out their guns and fired but there was no effect.
"We'll have to get
them the old fashioned way then" said Justin as he took out his sword and
charged. All his men
followed with their swords in the charge except for Ryoko who looked scared.
All of Justin's men
had either died or ran away. Justin was a good fighter so he just kept
fighting. After a while
he fell and saw that all the robots guns had been aimed toward him. "Help me
Ryoko" he cried out
to her. Ryoko was so scared that she ran away looking back to see all the
robots fire at him
creating a massive explosion. Ryoko went back to pirate headquaters telling
the main leaders
that captain Justin had been killed by the Jurai's robot droids. Later on
she just forgot about
Justin and ran away.

back to reality...

"So you see I would really be happy if I cold just kill her now" said Justin
grinning "Wait" said
Ryoko "Nobody could of survived that blast" "Ah yes Ryoko you're right but
I'm not what you
would call normal" said Justin with the grin still on his face. "You won't
hurt my daughter!"
shouted Washu as she shot a beam straight at Justin's chest from her
computer. When the beam went
through Justin's chest and left a bloody beam shaped hole there. Everyone
cheered "Yay Washu"
because they thought it was over. "Well I have to tha.." Ryoko was cut off
because Justin had
just grabbed her i the neck and lift her high in the air. "Now I will do
what I have always
wanted to do" Justin said as he squeezed the now harmless Ryoko's neck even
harder.

Will Ryoko live? Will Tenchi and the gang be able to stop the evil Captain
Justin?
Read The Dark Visitor-Part Two-"Justin vs. the World.

Any questions, comments, or suggestions plese e-mail me at eaaguilar@msn.com
Thanks for Reading
