This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".

Fun fact:  "Shulai" is the Chinese pronunciation of "Jurai".  You'll
need to know it from now on.


The Dark Jurai - Chapter 10 - "Assault at GP Headquarters"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


The Earth loomed in the background of the shot of the imminent
battle.  The remaining Masaki residents watched helplessly as
Dark Jurai ships met with Galaxy Police vessels to determine
the fate of the Earth.  The Light Jurai fleet was currently
regrouping for a new assault on the Dark Juraian fleet and
could not assist the Galaxy Police at that time.

"It's over," Tenchi's head dropped like a rock, "Everything
precious to me will be destroyed once those ships are out of
the picture.  And there's nothing I can do about it!  It seems
that I have lost everyhing already."  A tear came out of one
of Tenchi's eyes and dripped to the floor, "Why does it have
to be this way?  Why did Yuzuha have to start this?  Did she
realize that if she were defeated that a war would erupt?
WHY!?!?!," Tenchi's agony was heard by everyone.

Washu came on, "Tenchi...  If you truly think that way, they
have already won.  Don't give up!"

"What is wrong with you, Tenchi!?," Kiyone sounded puzzled.

"Look!  They have...," Tenchi began.

"This is not the Tenchi I know!," Ryoko teleported into
Ryu-Oh, "The Tenchi I know would gather his courage and
fight to the bitter end!  The odds may be greater than
before, but it's all the same!  You will win against the
Dark Jurai!"

"Maybe you're right...," Tenchi sighed and looked up at
the screen, "All we can do is watch."

The Galaxy Police ships engaged the Dark Jurai's fleet.  In
the next few seconds, many of the GP ships were destroyed.

"No way!," Kiyone shook, "The Dark Jurai are extremely
powerful!!  Was your grandfather sure that the upgrades
on our ships are powerful enough to match that kind of
firepower?!"

"I don't know," said Mihoshi.

Washu looked at the monitor with a look of hatred on her
face.  Even with Ryo-Ohki's new hyperdrive system, it would
be too late by the time they arrived at Earth.  Even Washu's
inventions could not help protect the planet she had come
to love so dearly.


Ayeka had cried herself back to sleep.  After a while, the
shapeshifter returned and used a tazer-like device to wake
her up.  The princess was immediately stirred and let out
a scream of physical and mental pain loud enough to wake
the dead (and her family).

"That was quite...loud, princess.  You should learn to
control your voice," the shapeshifter had taken the form
and voice of Tenchi, "It's quite a bargain to torture you
physically and mentally at the same time!  I hope you are
suffering to the level as much as I am enjoying it!  As
they say; the ones you love the most also are the ones
that can hurt you the most!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"NNNNOOOOOO!!!!!!," Ayeka began to cry some more.

"Little Ayeka!," Misaki felt her daughter's pain and cried
as well, "You sick monster!  When Tenchi and the Juraian
fleets get to you, you will pay dearly for this!!!!"

"SILENCE!!!!," the shapeshifter pointed the tazer at Misaki
and ran a high voltage current through her, "Tenchi is dead
and there's nothing the Juraian fleet can do to stop us!,"
the person kept a finger on the button, "The era of the
Light Juraian Empire has ended!!," the button was released
and Misaki fell unconscious to the ground.

"MOMMY!," Sasami cried, "No!  Mommy!  Are you alright!?!?!
TALK TO ME!"

"When will the Jurai Royal Family learn any manners on
keeping their voices down!?," the mysterious person shocked
Sasami, making her cry.  "What is it with the Jurai Royal
Family and crying?  It must be a hereditary trait!," it was
obvious that the captor was annoyed to no end.

"You may stop now...," Jurai Ankoku-ou stepped in the room.

"Your Darkness!," the shapeshifter bowed.

"You may rise," the Dark Juraian monarch helped the person
up, "I heard of the wonderful job you did in capturing
Mayuka.  The revival of Yuzuha is at hand and I can taste
the victory already.  We shall claim the spoils from the
remains of the Light Juraian Empire.  But...there is one
thing that I am disappointed in you about."

"What?," the pseudo-Tenchi face on the shapeshifter raised
an eyebrow.

"You have failed to kill Tenchi.  I can..."

"BUT!...  I was sure I killed him with that blast!"

"SILENCE!," Jurai Ankoku-ou snapped, "The only reasons I
appointed you were for your shapeshifting ability, your
inside knowledge of the Galaxy Police, OBEDIENCE, and your
extreme hatred of the Jurai Royal Family, its allies, and
Jurai itself.  Note I emphasized obedience.  Your previous
main objective was to capture Mayuka and you carried that
out well.  I wanted you also to personally take care of
Tenchi as a secondary objective."

"I have failed you..."

"I will give you one more chance.  As I tried to say before,
I can still sense Tenchi's ki from this great distance.  Your
mission from now on is to eliminate Tenchi and his friends.
Manipulate the Galaxy Police system and have Tenchi and his
friends...distracted while we research and use Mayuka's genes
to revive Yuzuha.  After you have done your work, DESTROY 
Galaxy Police Headquarters!"

"Yes, sir!"

"But first, I want you to make the Jurai Royal Family's stay
more...comfortable.  Break them down into wriggling piles of
flesh; extreme mental problems, if you will!  I have a big
announcement to make to our opposition!!," Jurai Ankoku-ou
laughed, "MWA-HWAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!!"

The baby Mayuka heard Jurai Ankoku-ou's laughter in another
compartment and began to cry.  She sensed something wrong.


The battle had waged on and nearly all of the Dark Juraian
ships had decimated the Galaxy Police's resistance.  All
seemed lost.  Everyone watched in terror and long faces as
the last of the Galaxy Police ships were destroyed.

<No...,> Ryoko thought, <This can't be right!>  Tears began
to form in Ryoko's eyes.

Kiyone and Mihoshi quivered as they focused on the screen.

Washu looked at the screen with the same look of hatred
she had been locked in.

The Dark Jurai ships stopped.

"What!?," Tenchi gasped, "Why aren't they attacking!?"

"What's wrong!?," Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's hand without noticing.
"Why aren't they destroying the Earth before our very eyes?"

The screen went fuzzy, and then to snowy whiteout.  When the
picture came back, Jurai Ankoku-ou was on.

"Hello, my new fellow subjects!," the dark ruler exclaimed,
"I have come today to announce victory over the Light Juraian
Empire and claim all of its territory!  I also intend to claim
this galaxy and its neighbors.  But enough with my plans of
conquest for now.  I have a challenge for Juraian prince Tenchi
and his friends!  If you manage to get rid of my minions who
are after you this very moment, you can have your relatives
back!  If you don't hurry, they won't be in their, oh, original
mental condition!  MWAHAHAHAHA!!!!  The Earth can wait for its
demise!  I don't want you angry and unfocused in our battle."

"That bastard!," Tenchi swore.

"How are we...," Ryoko saw that she was holding Tenchi's hand
and quickly withdrew it.  She blushed a deep red and grew hot.
Tenchi was too enraged to notice.

"Let's get to Galaxy Police Headquarters!," Kiyone readied
Yagami's hyperdrive.

Ryu-Oh and Mihoshi's ship did the same.  Ryoko telported back
to Ryo-Ohki and together all of them went to GP Headquarters.
A short time later, they arrived.

They beheld the sight of many a frantic officer running to and
fro to their destinations.  It wasn't as crowded as before, but
there was a sign of panic in the air.  It was also still really
busy.

"We better get to grandpa's office," Mihoshi began to run and
abruptly collided with Mitsuki.

Mituski's patience ran thin, "Watch where you're going, you
bubblehead!," the words bit into Mihoshi's heart and made her
eyes water.  Mitsuki thought to herself, 'Not this again!'

"WAH!  I'm sorry, Mitsuki!," Mihoshi hugged Mitsuki's leg, "I
was just on my way to meet grandpa and tell him the Jurai Royal
Family was kidnapped!!  WAH!!!!!!"

"MIHOSHI!," Kiyone reached her end, "We have a situation on our
hands!," she dragged Mihoshi down the hall and left her rival
behind.

<That's something,> Mitsuki thought to herself, <Most of the GP
knows Kiyone and I usually fight every encounter.  Oh, well, I
already know that the Jurai Royal Family has been kidnapped;
because I kidnapped them!  Time to manipulate the system!,>
Mitsuki rounded a corner and shapeshifted into the Marshal's
form, "It's about time I start taking charge around here!,"
Mitsuki laughed.  "I better get the real Marshal out of the way.
He's outlived his time of usefulness around here!  Too bad I was
his little paperweight for so long; literally and figuratively!
Shapeshifting is the best ability ever!  HAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!"

"What are talking about, grandpa?," Mihoshi and the others stared
at the fake Marshal.

"Uh, nothing, dear!," Mitsuki tried to imitate the Marshal's
behavior toward Mihoshi.

"You're acting weird.  I can sense stress in you," Mihoshi's
innocent eyes glared through Mitsuki.

"OF COURSE!  The Dark Jurai are beating us at every turn!,"
Mitsuki overdid her acting, making Mihoshi cry again.

Kiyone stepped back, "Sir, what's wrong with you?"

"Just tired and very stressed out," the pseudo-Marshal acted
tired, "Meet me at my office in thirty minutes.  I need a tiny
nap."  Mitsuki walked away, <Actually, I need thirty minutes to
dispose of the real Marshal!>  Mitsuki ran to the Marshal's
office and barged in the door.

The real Marshal jumped up from his chair, "Who are you!?!"

"Your replacement!," Mitsuki closed the door without suspicion.

"Who are you, really!?!," the Marshal reached for a gun.

Mitsuki morphed back to her true identity and telekinetically
pulled the gun into her hand, "Really, do you think that can
stop a Dark Juraian like me?"

"Mits...," before the real Marshal could speak Mitsuki sealed
his mouth with crystal.

"Now, now.  We can't go around giving away my identity!!  It
would ruin my reputation!  And I need to tell my fellow Galaxy
Police officers I was one of few surviors of the Dark Juraian
maasacre!"

The Marshal's eyes widened.

"That's right!  A fleet of 1,000 Dark Jurai ships is headed this
way to annihilate this miserable piece of metal junk!  It's a
crying shame, too.  I was beginning to like it here!  Oh, and,
your granddaughter's in good hands!!"

The Marshal got a saddened and upset look on his face.

"Don't worry!  Even if she manages to escape, she will die in
the war!  It's my personal mission!  Even with the best weapons
she and Kiyone Makibi won't stand a chance against me!  Now that
my intents are known to you, it is time to DIE!," Mitsuki gathered
an energy ball in her palm.

The Marshal closed his eyes and prepared to die.

<Wait!,> Jurai Ankoku-ou's voice came in telepathically, <We can
use him!  If we can let him live and break his mind we can command
him at will!  It's a new and untested Dark Juraian black magic
technique!>

<But why?,> Mitsuki asked.

<Think!  You need to kill Tenchi and his friends.  You can't always
stay in the form of the Marshal!  Give me time for a plan!>

<Understood, sir,> Mitsuki turned her attention to the Marshal once
again,  "It seems I can do something with you after all!"  Mitsuki
sealed the Marshal in a crystal field and used her energy to cast
him away, giving out a faint trace of ki.  She had been using a
tremendous amount of concentration to supress her ki and avoid
detection.

Tenchi and the others who could feel ki felt Mitsuki's tiny wave
and ran in its direction (they could not detect its exact location).

"Dark Jurai ki wave!," Tenchi panted as he ran as fast as he could.

Kiyone opeed the Marshal's office door and stuck her head inside,
"Sir!  Something's wrong!  I think the Dark Jurai are coming!  Stay
inside!  AHH!!!!"  GP Headquarters shook with a vengeance as the
Dark Juraian ships fired relentlessly on the gargantuan facility.

"Don't worry about me!," the fake Marshal barked, "Get out of here
while you still can!  And take care of Mihoshi if I don't make it!"
<If you can do all of that!>

"But, sir..."

"GO!," Mitsuki persuaded Kiyone to go.

Kiyone went and rounded up the rest of the gang as Mitsuki watched.
Mitsuki talked into a communicator to the Dark Jurai fleet, "Hurry!
We need to eliminate them!"

<What are you doing, Mitsuki!?,> Jurai Ankoku-ou asked telepathically.

<I want to see if they can get off.  If they don't, I will destroy
their ship after they escape.  I don't want to kill them just now
because I want to have a little fun!>

<Very well, then.  I trust you will do the right thing in the long
run.>

<Thanks.  I will.>

Everyone ran past the Marshal's office.

"Grandpa!," Mihoshi yelled.

"Don't worry about me!," Mitsuki assured Mihoshi, "Just follow the
Dark Jurai's trail of destruction!  Pursue them and make them pay!
If you get lucky, you may even save a planet!  I have to stay here
and command my men!"

"Grandpa...," Mihoshi wanted to cry.

"Don't cry!  It'll make me sad!," Mitsuki smiled.  <This is the worst
thing I have to do in this dirty work!; pretend I have a heart!>

"Okay...  I'll see you again!," Mihoshi smiled and ran with Kiyone and
the others.

<I will see you again.  After you have been mislead and I kill all of
you!  That's the distraction away from Yuzuha's revival.  It better
work...>

The Masaki residents boarded their proper ships.  The second they left
the hangar doors, GP Headquarters exploded.  Everyone screamed as the
explosion jarred and engulfed their ships.  They all went unconscious...


Yosho awakened on board the Dark Juraian vessel which the Jurai Royal
Family was being held captive on.  It was dark in the prince's cell.

<Everyone must have been separated,> Yosho thought, <Ah, yes.  The
physical and mental torture are about to begin.  I must contact Tenchi
telepathically before I am unable to concentrate,> the elder prince
calmed his mind and sent a call to Tenchi.

<Tenchi,> Yosho called.

Tenchi stirred awake.  A dream?  No!  It was grandpa!

<Grandpa!,> Tenchi thought.

<I can hear your thoughts.  I didn't want to let you know about
telepathy until I started training you in the Jurai martial arts.
But this is a desperate time.  Listen to me well.  You must join
with the lost branch of our family.>

<But that was just a legend!,> Tenchi exclaimed in his mind.

<No.  I have met them before.  After millenia of no contact I looked
for them and stumbled upon them fairly quickly.  I wished to meet them.
There is a subspace teleport beacon left over from some old civilization
that occupied a corner of the Milky Way.  I don't know who the people
were, but evidence suggested that the planets in that part of the Milky
Way had all their natural resources drained and they had left a long time
ago.>

<But it would take months to get to wherever the lost branch is!,>
doubt filled Tenchi's mind and heart.

<This subspace beacon I mentioned makes a field that is large enough to
transport a ship.  I stumbled onto it years before I imprisoned Ryoko.
It was better than being gone for years because it instantly transported
me!  Its coordinate settings will take your ships a distance of over 30
galaxies!  A little more searching will take you to the lost branch's
planet called Shulai!  It's a planet with a feeling similar to China
and Jurai!>

<How will I know I have found the lost branch?>

<You'll feel their ki when you get close enough.  I'll give you the
coordinates to look for it,> Yosho gave the coordinates to Tenchi, who
memorized them.  <It will be a while before I will be able to talk to
you again Tenchi.  The lost branch will be a big help.  The people there
will help you complete your training and rescue Mayuka!  My time grows
short.  Farewell, Tenchi!>

<Grandpa!  Come back!  Don't leave me!,> Tenchi cried a tear.

Everyone woke up.  Oddly, all the Dark Jurai ships had left the area.

"Wha-what happened?  Aren't we supposed to be dead?," Kiyone rubbed her
head and looked at the display panel of Yagami.  A part of the panel
read "Shields at 62%".

"Ahhhhhh!," Kiyone's mouth went open, "The upgrades!  Thank you, Marshal."

Mihoshi came on, "Grandpa...he wanted us to have the best!  I won't cry
anymore, Kiyone!  I realize now that grandpa was doing his job and had
to stay behind!"

"Mihoshi!," Kiyone was shocked.

Mitsuki intercepted the transmission, "A touching matter, indeed.  But you
will die doing your jobs as well, you two!  HAHAHAHAAAA!!!!!"

"Hello?," Ryoko appeared on a screen, "What do we do now that GP Headuqarters
is permanently out of commission?"

"We go and find the lost branch!," Tenchi stated, "Everyone, prepare to recieve
coordinates!"


End of Chapter 10