DISCLAIMER:  All of the characters and character names from Tenchi
Muyo, TMil, and Shin Tenchi are property of Pioneer and AIC.  This
work of fiction is written for fan appreciation only.  Please do
not sue me. 
__________
NOTES:   This work of fan fiction is based in the OAV continuity of
Tenchi Muyo and borrows some elements from Tenchi Universe such as Nagi,
the Yugami, and also borrows from Shin Tenchi Muyo to introuducing Yugi,
Sakuya, and Ryu-Ohki's mech form into the story.  I have also introduced 
some new characters and creations into the mix.  I hope you enjoy the 
series as much as I enjoyed working on it.
__________
THE DARK LORD OF JURAI SAGA

Episode Two:  No Need for A Space Journey

Written by Michael "The-Zorch" Haney
__________
Previously...

	The aftermath of the Darkling attempt to destroy the Earth left everything in
shanbles.  Chaos reins across the globe, but the residents of the Masaki household
are not ready to give up.  They make preparations and board the Yagami for the long
journey to planet Jurai, but it proves to be a dangerous one as the Darklings make
an appearance.  To avoid any further encounters with the powerful beings, Tenchi
and the gang choose to venture into the dangerous Dead Zone.  We last leave our
travellers as they enter this intergalactic no-man's-land...

__________
Chapter Two:  The Dead Zone

	The Yagami was buffeted about by the powerful eddies inside the nebula cloud.
Kiyone did all she could to stay one the course she was given by Ryoko to navigate
into the treacherous region called the Dead Zone.  Her hands few over the controls
so fast they seem to blur.  This goes on for several minutes, but to those on the
bridge of Yagami it seemed like hours.  Finally the ship broke free of the outer
layers of nebula cloud and pentrated into the interior regions.  Here the inside of
the cloud was blow up like a titanic ballon in space.  A dozen small star-like forms
hung in space before them shining with a brillient light.
	"That is an awesome sight." Tenchi said.
	"The womb of stars.  Its here inside of a nebula that suns are born our of the
corpse of a star that died." Washu said, her face will with awe.
	"I had a small window in my cell on the Soja.  Whenever Kagato left me there
he would release me from his control and I used to look outside.  This was the only
thing of beauty I was allowed to enjoy." Ryoko said with her head laying on Tenchi's
shoulder.  Her comment made a hatred for Kagato well up in Tenchi's soul.  She
felt it through her link with him and she kissed him softly on the cheek.  Aeka,
who was also linked with Tenchi and Ryoko clenched her fists in anger.  Since she
bonded with Tenchi and Ryoko, thus become Tenchi's wife as did Ryoko, she began to
looked upon her former rival as a dear friend....almost a sister.  What made it all 
worse was the fact that Kagato was still alive and he nearly succeeded in killing
billions of people on the Earth.
	"Its amazing such a beautiful place is also one of the most dangerous."
Kiyone commented.
	"It will be pretty smooth sailing from here, but once we exit the other side
of the nebula we will have to skirt past a few blackholes." Ryoko told her.
	"Damn.  I hate blackholes, they always make me nervous." Kiyone said.
	"There isn't any other way in?" Tenchi asked.
	"There are many ways to get into the Dead Zone.  This is one of less known
routes.  The Dead Zone doesn't have an impassible wall around it, but you have to
travel through specific routes your could end up in the event horizon of a black-
hole, get stuck in a time-loop in a temporal enomili, or fall into a quantum rift
into another dimension.  This region is full of blackholes, and they are causing
all of this." Washu told them.
	"And we are actually going into that." Aeka said.
	"Its safe when you follow the right routes, like we are." Ryoko said.
	"Pirates, rogues, and smugglers use this place as a safe haven.  There
is supposed to be a city at the center.  Its just a legend though." Kiyone said.
	"That city is no legend.  Its exists." Ryoko told her.
	"You three can go, I know the routes through here too." Washu said.
	Tenchi took his wive's hands and lead them out of the bridge.  They 
made their way back to the subpace pocket inside the Yagami where the family
rooms where kept.  Sasami was sitting with Yosho staring at a chessboard.  She
made a move with her knight and jumped up.
	"Checkmate!" she cheered.
	"My, that is the third time in a row.  You are getting good at this, Sasami."
Yosho said calmly.
	The young princess blushed and giggled.  "I've been taking lessons from 
Ryoko." she said.
	"I thought I recognized a few of those moves." he said with a rare grin.
	"What was all that banging around a moment ago, Tenchi?" Noboyuki from the
couch were he was reading a book.
	"We ran into some Darkling ships, so we are going into the Dead Zone to
evade them." Tenchi said.
	"Only the foolish enter the Dead Zone on purpose." Yosho commented.
	"Washu and Ryoko know safe routes through it." Aeka said.
	"What is the Dead Zone?" Noboyuki asked, almost afraid to ask.
	"A kind of Bermuda Triangle in space, a dangerous region if you don't know
what your doing." Yosho said.
	"Mom knows the way as well as I do.  She got the info from me." Ryoko said.
	"Lets just try to relax and pray that nothing else happens to come up" Tenchi
said.  They all nodded in agreement and Aeka and Ryoko kissed him on either cheek.

	Mihoshi was snoozing away peacefully in her seat dreaming about Kareoke bars,
snacks, and Kiyone.  Kiyone herself was watching the controls like a hawk, but
Washu was more placid.  She sat on her levetating seat and typed away on her holo-
computer.  Hours went by and nothing very interesting happened, but Kiyone was
glad it was so peaceful.  It gave the Galaxy Policewoman time to reflect, time to 
think.  Life had become so fast, so hectic, that she barely had time for herself
anymore.  While she kept her eyes on the controls to make sure Yagami did not
drift off course she also looked at the beautiful scenary outside the ship.  The
colors and lights inside the gigantic cloud of dust that was the corpse of a star
was beautiful.  It made her reflect on her own life, and from where she was sitting
it was pretty messed up.  Aeka and Ryoko were happy, they both got the man of their
dreams, but she was still alone.  She never imagined ever being in a relationship
before, but after Tenchi and the girls married it reminded her just how lonely
she was.  She had Mihoshi for companionship, but that is as far as it went.  She was
sure what homeworld Mihoshi came from, but on her world a relationship between two
women that went beyond being friends was frowned upon, but Kiyone loved Mihoshi like
she was a sister anyway.
	Washu was busy soaking in the valuable data on the life cycle of stars and
the blackholes on the other side of the nebula.  She knew just about everyting about
blackholes and the birth of stars, but they were subjects she never got tired of.  It
also helped her keep her mind off of Orrin.  For the first two days after he left
to return to his own universe, she cried herself to sleep.  She often wondered how
he was doing, if he succeeded in getting the Imperium thrown out of the council.  She
actually got very little work done since he left, and it was good to get back into
her research.  She started to wonder if she would one day find love like that ever
again.  It was the second time in her immensely long life that she lost someone she
loved, but this time it was for the best that he did leave.  Orrin had a different
destiny from her own, he was the chosen champion of a powerful race of beings who
long ago discovered that Magic could be explained scientificly.  The result of that
was a terrible war with a race of creatures who would one day travel to another
dimension and threaten to send the moon crashing into the planet Earth where the 
Masaki house was standing.  The Juraian people where this dimension's cloest
equivolent to the Elo'Quin from Orrin universe, and it was likely that they are also
decended from the Elo'Quin in some manner.  Washu wrote a mental note to herself to 
corner Sasami one day and get Tsunami to come out and answer some questions about
it.  Until then she had to be content with her own theories.
	"They sure look happy." Kiyone said.
	"Hmm.  What was that?" Washu asked.
	"Aeka and Ryoko, they sure look happy don't they." Kiyone said.
	"They both have what they always wanted.  What made you say that?" Washu 
asked her.
	"I guess I'm just a tad bit jealous.  I had a little crush on Tenchi you
know." she said.
	"Your not the only one.  Did you know that I tried to get a sperm sample from
him once...dressed in a sexy nurse's uniform." Washu said with a sly smile.
	"Mihoshi told me about that one day after we were reunited." Kiyone said.
	"I was pretty bold then.  I almost practically raped the poor boy." Washu
chuckled.
	"From what Mihoshi told me about those days you were probably standing in
line to do that.  She told me this story one time about when Aeka and Ryoko ticked
her into going back into space just so they could try and be alone with him." Kiyone
said with a giggle.
	"Those were two wet fools that didn't know how to knock." Washu said before
bursting out in laughter.
	"I wish I could have been there to see their faces when they climbed out of
the lake." Kiyone laughed.
	"What made it funnier was that Aeka was the one that setup that force field
in the first place.  Ha!" Washu laughed.
	"Boy, I sure did miss alot of the fun.  I wish I could have met all of you
much earlier." Kiyone said.
	"You missed out little encounter wtih Mr. Octopus Head, and then there was
the arrival of the Royal Family at the house." Washu said.
	"I met Dr. Clay after I was found.  They were taking him to a questioning
area." Kiyone said.  "He kept saying something about Tokimi."
	"She is my sister, as is Tsunami.  I was once a goddess just like them, but I
gave up my divinity to become human.  I guess I should have left well enough alone."
Washu said, a little more quietly.
	"I heard about that, but I didn't really thing much of it." Kiyone said.
	"I regained my memories of being a goddess sometime ago before you joined
us." Washu told her.
	"I never did have such a good conversation with you before.  You always seem
so..." Kiyone said trying to find the words.
	"Self-centered, egotistical, shall I go on." Washu said.
	"I wouldn't say that." Kiyone said.
	Washu put her hand on her chest in Gone With the Wind style.  "Its hard to be
hunble when your the best in the universe." she said.
	"Your the best Washu!  Your the greatest!" cried Washu bots A and B.
	Kiyone and Washu almost both fell over laughing.  A and B looked at them and
at each other and shrugged.
	Just at that moment it seemed as if the whole ship suddenly shook and lurched
to one side.  Washu and Kiyone screamed and grabbed each other as they tried to keep
from being thrown into a bulkhead.  Mihoshi screamed as she fell from her seat and 
blind luck had it that she landed on her rump and slid along the floor until she
smacked into a wall.  She looked up at Kiyone and Washu who were picking each other
up off the floor in dazed surprise and fear.
	"What the hell was that?" Washu asked just a another lurch nearly sent her
flying, but Kiyone grabbed her arm and the back of her chair at the same time.
	Kiyone jumped into her seat and strapped in.  She looked up at the forward
viewer and gasped.  A hail of meteoroids, some small and some not so small where
hurling past the ship at frightening speed.  Washu was on her seat and was typing
away at her holocomputer.
	"According to Ryoko's memory there are no asteroid fields in this area."
she said.
	"What's going on, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked as she climbed to her feet.
	"Srap in Mihoshi, we're in for a blumpy ride." Kiyone replied as her hands
few over the controls.

	Back in the crew section of the Yagami everyone was climbing back to their
feet.  The second lurch sent Sasami flying but Yosho caught her.  Chess pieces were
everywhere and pottery that doecorated the room was smashed.  Tenchi held Aeka
steady as she stood up and Ryoko just hovered in place.  A third and more violent
lurch struck the ship and eveeryone except Ryoko went flying.  Ryoko teleported
instantly and caught Tenchi and Aeka before they slammed head first into a wall.
Yosho grabbed Sasami and Noboyuki after doing a summersault, and Ryu-Ohki just
held onto the front of Sasami's kimono for dear life.
	"We're under attack!" Aeka screamed.
	"I scared!" Sasami cried.
	"Miya!" meowed Ryu-Ohki agreeing witb Sasami.
	"That wasn't a laser blast, something hit us!" Ryoko shouted after a fourth
lurch.
	Ryoko put Aeka and Tenchi down on the floor near where the cushons of the
sofa had fallen and teleported.  She materialized on the bridge of the Yagami which
was in total chaos.  Kiyone was fighting with the cotrols, Mihoshi was weeping
rivers of tears, and Washu was franticly typing at her holocomputer.
	"Oh, shit!" Kiyone cried as she fought the controls and narrowly kept the
Yagami from splattering itself onto a gigantic asteroid.
	"Are we off course?" Ryoko asked.
	"No, we aren't, but that asteroid field is." Kiyone said.
	"There is no asteroid field in this sector of the nebula." Ryoko replied.
	"Its been 2,700 years since you where last here.  Alot can happen in that
time." Washu said.
	"Can you get us out of it, Kiyone?" Ryoko asked.
	"We are almost clear of the nebula, we can try to get out of it then." Kiyone
replied.
	"Dammit!  I found the problem, and we're in trouble." Washu cursed.
	Ryoko floated over and looked at the display her Washu's holocomputer.  She
saw a schematic of the nebula, but a large blotch of red was passing through it and
stretched a great distance out into space.  It seemed to almost reach where the
blackholes were.  The scale on the screen was measured in lightyears.
	"What is that, mom?" Ryoko asked.
	"Its a Cosmic Storm.  A very large and powerful one." Washu told her.
	"What's a cosmic storm?" Tenchi asked as he entered the bridge.
	"A massively concentrated confligration of negatively and positively charged
ion particles, theta radioation, and eletromagnetic waves that result in spacial
and gravitational abnormalities." Washu explained.
	Tenchi just looked at her and blinked.
	Washu sighed.  "A really nasty storm in space that can rip this ship apart
like a cotton ball in a blender." she said.
	"I really didn't want to hear that." Tenchi said scratching the back of his
head.
	"Well, looks like we have to ride it out.  If I change course any we could get
caught in the gravity of one of several black holes in the area." Kiyone said.
	"Can we make it through?" Tenchi asked looking at Washu.
	"I can boost Yagami's shields, but beyond that I'd have to work on it." she
said.
	"Thank you.  Do your best, I'll let everyone else know." he said.
	[Aeka.] Tenchi said in his mind.
	[What is going on?] she asked in his mind.
	[Cosmic storm.  We're in for a bumpy ride so let everyone else know.] he
told her.
	[I've been through one of these on the Soja once with Kagato.  Its going to
get really bumpy.] Ryoko said joining their mental converstation.

	The ship lurched in different directions as Kiyone dodge around larege
asteroids and smaller meteoroids.  Finally the ship made it out of the field of
debris, but the sparkling cloud of the cosmic storm was approaching.  The storm
breached the nebula and stretched for several light years beyond.  The sight was
beautiful and frightening all at the same time.
	"How could something so beautiful be so deadly?" Tenchi asked.
	Ryoko laid her head on his shoulder.  "I guess I have something in common
with cosmic storms." she said.
	Tenchi smiled at her and kissed her lightly.
	"Cosmic storms are rare, but when they break out its spectacular." Washu
said.
	Washu was typing at her conoole like made, Her full concentration was being
focused on the task, but her multitasking abiltiies still allowed her to interact
with those around her.  She looked up and did not stop typing.  There was a bright
flash outside the ship, and space seemed to waver slightly as if seen through 
rippling water.
	"I enhanced the shields a little.  My robots from the lab added an additional
quantum sigularity reactor to the engine room to power the shield system, and yes
I incorporated some Etherealology into the design." Washu said with a very pleased
look on her face.
	"Will it hold that off?" Kiyone asked as she pointed to the rapidly
approaching storm.
	"That is hard to tell.  It depends on the intensity of the storm." she
replied.  "I can see if we can plot a course through less intense areas."
	"Please." Kiyone said.
	Mihoshi sat in her seat looking rather dazed at the storm.  She turned towards
the others with a frightened look on her face.  She was terrified and was shaking
violently.  Tenchi went to her side and she latched onto him crying.
	"Don't take us in there!  Please!  Please!" she cried.
	"Its going to be ok, Mihoshi." Tenchi said calm as he held her.
	"No its not!  No its not!  I lost Tomarro in a cosmic storm!  Please, Tenchi!"
Mihoshi cried.
	Tenchi looked over to Kiyone who suddenly got a very sad look on her face.
	"That was one of Mihoshi's old partners.  She was killed when they got
caught in a cosmic storm." she said.
	"Mihoshi, none of us are going to die.  Ok.  We're going to be alright.  I
promise." he said as he rocked her back and forth.
	"You promise?" she asked in a voice like that of a child.
	"I promise." he said.
	Mihoshi took her seat back and was still a little shook up.
	"I read her record before becoming her partner.  She was so shook up over it
that she was out of service for three months." Kiyone said.
	"Poor thing." Tenchi said, still holding the shaken policewoman's hand.  "May-
be you should go and stay with the others, ok." he said to Mihoshi.
	"Thank you." she said weakly, kissed him on the cheek and left in a hurry.
	Tenchi felt a twinge at the back of his mind, and he turned to see Ryoko
staring holes through the back of Mihoshi's head.
	[Behave, there was nothing to that.] he told her.
	Ryoko smiled at him.  "Sorry, old habit, sweetie." she said.
	"Uh ho." Washu said then.
	"What now?" Temchi asked.
	"The shield will help to protect the ship from the forces of the storm, but
the radiation is another story." she said.
	"Yagami has radiation shielding in the hull." Kiyone said.
	"Not for this level of radiation it doesn't.  That storm is a magnitude 8 out
of a maximum 10." Washu said.
	"That's Mag 8 Cosmic Storm!" Kiyone shouted.
	"No need to shout now." Washu said as she continued to type.
	"I've seen giant star cruiser get torn to shreads in a Mag 8 storm!" Kiyone
exclaimed.  "And you want us to fly through it!"
	"We can survive it, if we're careful.  No comsic storm is going to get the
better of the greatest scientific genius in the universe." Washu replied proudly.
	"What can we do then?" Tenchi asked her.
	"The subspace living area I created for us will be protected from the 
radiation, but the rest of the ship won't be." she told him.
	"You mean abandon the ship for the living area.  Who will pilot the ship?"
Ryoko asked.
	"We can via my computer.  Its either that or learn to glow in the dark for the
rest of your life." Washu said with a smirk on her face.
	"We get the point." Tenchi said scratching the back of his head.
	"Hey, radiation can't hurt me." Ryoko said looking at Washu.
	"Your right, it can't hurt you, but the same can't be said for the baby."
Washu replied.
	"I did think about that." Ryoko said as she rubbed her still flat stomach which
would one day start to show her pregnancy.

	Preparations were made quickly to evacuation the exposed areas of the ship.
Washu setup a link to the main computer on the Yagami and the others collected all
the supplies they would need for a few days.  Soome they gathered in the living 
quarters which sat in the pocket of subspace that Washu created.  She put extra
shielding around the entrance just in case and then they all relaxed.  The buffeting
and lurching of the ship told them they had entered the storm.  Kiyone's hands flew
over the keys on Washu's console as she tried to keep the ship steady.
	"Can't we do anything about the movement in here?" Kiyone asked Washu.
	"Sorry, we need to stay linked to real space inside the ship or we will
drift away from it, and with the link we are effected by whatever effects what
the subspace pocket is linked with.  Thus, we are getting this wonderful ride."
Washu said.
	"Wonderfrul." Kiyone said.
	"That and I can collect all sorts of interesting data on this storm.  They
are very rare you know." Washu said very excitedly as she summoned up a second
holocomputer.
	"Figures." Ryoko muttered.
	Several hours passed by and everyone was trying to relax.  Kiyone discovered
that the autopilot in the main comptuer would do a better job of stablizing the
ship than she could, so she just monitored it from the first holocomputer.  Mihoshi
was fast asleep on the couch next to Yosho who was drinking tea out of a spill
proof plastic cup.  Noboyuki sat next to Kiyone on the couch and watched the sights
of the storm on the holocomputer screen.  A large gravity wave hit the ship and it
lurched to one side.  Kiyone lost her grip and was launched into the air.  Noboyuki
reached out and caught her.  When she opened her eyes she found herself in his arms.
	Kiyone and Noboyuki both blushed furiously.  "Thank you, Mr. Masaki." she
said.
	"No problem." he replied scratching the back of his head in a very Tenchi-like
manner.
	Sasami emerged from the kitchen area wearing her caroot apron, she almost fell
down as another lurch struck the ship but Ryoko teleported over to her and caught
her.
	"I can't cook with the ship weaving around like this, so I made coldcut
sandwiches instead.  Is that ok?" Sasami asked looking at Tenchi.
	"That sounds just fine, thanks Sasami." he replied.
	Sasami smiled and blushed a little.
	
	Hours passed and the ship continued to roll as if it were on a great ocean
that was ravaged by a great hurricane.  Kiyone fell asleep at her post at Washu's
console and was leaning on Noboyuki's shoulder.  Suddenly, the screen went blank and
and alarm sounded.  Kiyone shot up and start typing at the console.
	"Oh shit!  Oh Shit!" she kept saying as she tapped.
	Washu called up her second holocomputer and mutter a few curses that make
Sasami's face blush furiously.
	"Yagami's main computer is off-line." Washu said.
	"I'm getting nothing here, no helm control, no sensor readings, what is going
on out there?" she asked.
	"The storm has increased in intensity, and we are in the middle of it." Washu
said just as the ship started to lurch violently.
	Days passed and the Masaki family gathered together everyday and kept each
other calm and tried to keep their minds off of their problems.  The end of the third
day was the worse as the ship was tumbled around and around for several minutes until 
all of the inertial effects of the storm finally ceased.  Washu checked her holo-
computer and sighed a little with relief.
	"We made it." she said.
	"Alright!" Ryoko shouted as she jumped up.
	"Yay!!!!" Sasami cheered as Ryu-Ohki jumped up and down in her cabbit-girl form
shouting, "Miya, miya, miya!!!".
	"Lets go see what damage there is." Mihoshi said as she headed for the dorr.
	Washu was typing at her console and suddenly she gasped.  "Mihoshi don't open
that door!" she shouted.
	"What's wrong?" Aeka asked as she walked up to Mihoshi intending to help her
open the door.
	"I'm detecting a vacumn outside the door, hold up." Washu replied.
	"There's a hull breach!" Kiyone cried.
	Washu typed onto her console furiously.  Aeka looked at the door and noticed
that the rubberized air seals of the door had indeed inflated at one point.  The
seals suddenly disengaged and a sound like a whoosh could be heard on the other
side of the door.
	"Now you can open it.  I had to put up an enivornmental shield around the ship
and fill it with atmosphere." Washu said.
	Kiyone stuggled with the door for several minutes until Mihoshi joined in.  She
tugged on it so hard that when it finally opened Kiyone was thrown across the room.
She landed in a heap ontop of Washu.  Both women looked at Mihoshi with venom in 
their eyes.
	"Sorry." the blonde policewoman said quietly.

	Everyone emerged from the living area and wandered through the ship.  It did
not appear that it really had been damaged.  The bridge, to Kiyone's relief, was
intact and the consoles were still semi-operational.  Sasami and Ryu-Ohki in cabbit-
girl form wandered about near the engineering section.  They reached a door marked
Engine Room and they both struggled to open the huge door that wasn't getting any
power to open.  As they entered the large engineering section Sasami gasped and
Ryu-Ohki cried out.  One whole section of the hull was missing and they were 
looking out into space.  The sound of sparks, sizzling electronics, and the smell
of burning insulation assaulted their senses.
	"Ryu-Ohki, tell Ryoko what we saw here." Sasami said to the cabbit-girl.
	"Miya." Ryu-Ohki replied.

	Elsewhere on the ship Tenchi and his wives where picking up several pieces of
equipment that been thrown out of their storage bins.  Aeka carefully picked up
a stack of blaster rifles and started to place them back into their rack.  Tenchi
was putting small parts back into their containers, and Ryoko was sorting a pile of
tools.  She stopped what she was doing and Tenchi and Aeka felt it through their
link with her.  She spat a curse and stood up from her work.
	"Shit!  Ryu-Ohki and Sasami found the hull breach.  Its in engineering."
Ryoko said just as she received the mental image from her cabbit.
	They left their work and made there way to engineering where they found Sasami
and Ryu-Ohki looking through the engineering door in awe.  Tenchi whistleed when he
was the damage.  Kiyone, Mihoshi and Washu showed up now long after.
	"It looks like the primary engines are intact, but the hyperdrive is shot to
hell." Washu said as she scanned the engines.
	"How are we going to repair this?" Kiyone asked, exasperated.
	"We'll need a replacement hyperdrive motivator, and I'm afraid I don't have one
on hand in my lab, and it would take weeks to fashion one from scratch." Washu
told them.
	"Can we at least repair the hull?" Tenchi asked.
	"That one is easy." Washu said as she typed at her holocomputer.  An army of
small robots quicly filed into the engineering section and started working on the
damaged sections of the hull.  The robots generated small masses of energy between
two eletrodes on their arms, that energy was transformed into solid matter which
took the form of new hull pieces that were molecularly bonded together.  Within
several minutes a large section of the hull was back in place, and the rest of it
would be done in an hour.
	"That's amazing." Mihoshi said.
	"What else is damaged?" Kiyone asked Washu.
	Washu scanned further with her holocomputer for several minutes and then she
grimaced.  "This is not good at all." she said.
	"What is it, Little Washu?" Tenchi asked.
	"The primary biogell pack and trilinear-parallel processing unit in the main
computer are ionized.  In other works, the computer is fried." Washu said.  Her holo-
computer played a few short notes of the funeral durge.
	"We can't navigate without the main computer." Kiyone said.
	"The secondary computer is intact, I could rig it up to take up the job of
the primary, but its not as powerful." Washu said.
	"Mom, how far away are we from Pharsis?" Ryoko asked.
	"Pharsis?" the others asked, except for Washu.
	"The legendary pirate city.  We are about ten days away if we travel at flank
speed." Washu said as she called up her charts of the Dead Zone.
	"If I recall we have to travel through the Devil's Heart to get there from here,
and that could be tricky." Ryoko said.
	"Without a good navigational computer that could be very dangerous." Washu
told her.
	"What is the Devil's Eye?" Sasami asked.
	"A region between four supermassive blackholes that is prone ot severe quantum
disturbances.  There is a safe way through, but it changes all the time.  If we try
to go around it will take us months in our current condition." Washu said.
	"Not more turbulance." Noboyuki said grabbing his head.
	"I though somebody said this trip through here would be safe." Kiyone said
looking at Ryoko.
	"I didn't expect the Cosmic Storm." Ryoko replied.
	"How are we going to get to Jurai in this condition!" Kiyone yelled at her.
	"This isn't my fault, if we didn't come here we'd probably be Darkling bait
by now!" Ryoko yelled back.
	Tenchi could feel Ryoko anger getting the better of her through his link and
he put a calming hand on her shoulder.
	"Girls, this is neither the time or the place.  Ryoko, can we get what we need
to repair the Yagami at this Pharsis?" he asked.
	"You can get anything at Pharsis, for the right price." she replied, a bit
calmer now.
	"That's settled then, we goto Pharsis, get the Yagami repaired, and then go
about our merry way." Tenchi said.
	"It might not be as simple as that.  This is a GP ship and the Pirates will
recognize it as one." Ryoko said.
	"So we can't take Yagami into port there?" Tenchi asked.
	"Not if you don't want to be blown out of the sky." Ryoko told him.
	"Why not use Ryu-Ohki." Sasami said.
	"That is what I had in mind.  We'll have to leave the Yagami someplace safe
and goto Pharsis in Ryu-Ohki." Ryoko said.
	"Sounds like a plan to me." Noboyuki said.
	"We must be very careful, somebody might recognize Aeka and Sasami for who they
are.  I suggest they wear disquises." Yosho added.
	"That might be a good idea, or they could just stay here." Tenchi said.
	"Where you go, I go, Lord Tenchi." Aeka said as she wrapped her arms around his
left arm.
	"Ok.  Then since this might be dangerous, Sasami should stay here with Dad and
Grandpa." Tenchi said.
	"Oh, ok." Sasami said in a disappointed tone.
	"Hey, I promise on our next away mission you can go." Tenshi said.
	"OK." she replied a little more happily.
	"Pharsis can be pretty rough.  There is law and order on Pharsis, its imposed
by the pirate king Mosnor Gandort, but its a twisted sort of system." Ryoko said.
	"Do you know this guy?" Kiyone asked.
	"Ya, he's actually a frienf of mine.  He's a Flogarian." Ryoko said.
	"A Floarian, ewwwww!" Mihoshi gaged.
	"What are they?" Tenchi asked.
	"A lathsome race of creatures, covered in slime and very smelly." Aeka said.
	"The last time I was on Pharsis his smell could knock you flat." Ryoko said.
	"Let try to avoiding meeting him." Kiyone said.
	Tenchi could sense something nagging at the back of Ryoko's mind.  "Anyone
else we might want to avoid?" he asked her.
	"Yes, a real prick by the name of Feldrick." she told him.
	"What did he do?" Aeka asked, sensing Ryoko's apprehension.
	"He made a pass at me." Ryoko said.
	"He's that kind, huh?" Tenchi said.
	"He's worse....he's a male version of how I was with you before we got bonded."
Ryoko said.
	"This should prove an interesting trip." Aeka said with a smirk.
	[Don't go there, girl.] Ryoko said to her via their mental bond.
	[Whatever do you mean?] Aeka asked.
	Ryoko looked at her with a withering glance.  [I thought we had a truce after
we married Tenchi.] Ryoko said.
	[Yes we do, but does that mean I can't have a little fun once in a while.]
Aeka told her.
	[Two can play that game, Princess.  Wait til we get to Jurai. Hehe.] Ryoko
said.
	[Behave you two.] Tenchi said joining their mental conversation.
	[This is just a little friendly spat, Lord Tenchi.  We are going to get to see
a side of Ryoko's old life.] Aeka said.
	[I left that life behind when Tenchi kill Kagato years ago.] Ryoko said.
	[Lets focus on the job at hand here, ok?] Tenchi asked them.
	[Yes dear.] said both woman at once and a wave of affection trail along after
their words.  The motions washed over his mind like the a cool soothing wave on a
hot beach.
	[That was nice.] he said lovingly caressing their minds with his own feeling
of love.
	[Tonight it could be nicer.] Aeka said in a sweet tone.
	[Much nicer.] Ryoko joined in with a seductive tone.
	[Honestly, you three make love more often than Earth rabbits.] Washu's voice
came over the link from Ryoko's mind.
	[You can talk to us, too.] Tenchi said looking at the diminutive genius.
	[Of course, I have a mental link with Ryoko's mind, and if she is using her
link with you I can talk to youl, but I can't probe your minds like she can.] Washu
said.
	[Thank goodness.] Aeka said rolling her eyes.
	"Watch it, princess." Washu said.
	Ryoko chuckled a little.
	"Did we just missing something here?" Noboyuki asked scratching the back of
his head.
	"Its nothing Dad, we were sharing a little joke." Tenchi said as he tapped
a finger to his head.
	"Oh, that telephathy stuff you can do with the girls.  Well, I'm headed back
to my room to clean up, I can just imagine its a mess after that last roll we did."
Noboyuki said.
	"I'll join you, my room is probably a mess also." said Yosho.
	"What about us?" Kiyone asked Tenchi.
	"Mihoshi should stay here and help out with cleaning the place up, and you can
should also stay because they might recognize your blaster as a GP weapon." Tenchi
said.
	"He's right.  GP officers are not very welcome on Pharsis.  They ususall kill
them on site." Ryoko said.  "But in your case, they'll probably gang rape you and
then kill you."
	Kiyone jump at that last comment.  "I get the picture." she said.
	Tenchi put his hands on Kiyone's shoulders and looked her in the eyes.  She
froze, but not from fear but from the fact that she was suddenly lost in his gaze.
	"I feel better that your here to look after Mihoshi, Sasamai, and Dad.  Grandpa
can help you if you need anything." he said.
	"Thank you." she said almost in a trance.
	[Thats our Tenchi, he aways has a way with us ladies.] Ryoko said.
	Aeka giggled as Kiyone walked away with a smile on her face.
	"What?  All I did was talk to her." Tenchi said.
	Ryoko put her hand on his chin and turned his face around to hers.  "You have
that effect on us, Aeka and I may be married to you, but we all love you." she said.
	Tenchi suddenly realized exactly what she meant by that and blushed furiously.
	The girls just giggled.  "I love it when he squirms." Ryoko said as she rubbed
her cheek against his.

	Washu modified the secondary computer to handle the work of the main system
that was down, and the Yagami was underway again.  The cripped ship was only able
to travel at its fastest conventional speed propelled by the plasma thrust engines.
Several days passed and the Yagami started the danger trek into the heart of the
Devil's Eye.  Washu monitored for time distortions or spacial enomilies as they
travelled between the blackholes.
	Sasami look up through the observation windows at the glowing ecresion disks
that spin around the black event horizons of the massive bodies.  The sight was
fear and awe inspiring.  Not even Washu with all of her technological wizardry and
knowledge had a desire to tangle with the most powerful force of nature in the 
universe.  Slowly the GP cruiser escaped from the Devil's Eye and a course was set
for Pharsis.
	"That was actually very smooth sailing." Sasami said as she looked up at one
of the giant blackholes.
	"It usually is, but you never can tell." Ryoko said.  She stood behind the
young princess with her hands on her shoulders.
	"Five more days to Pharsis, then its onward to Jurai." Aeka said from where she
stood 
__________
__________
Chapter Three:  The Pirate City...

	The region of space around Pharsis is a dangerous place of unstable pockets of
vetron gas clouds, randomly placed pulsars, and a smattering of blackholes.  It was
also dangerous due to the presence of over 10,000 pirate vessels of all shapes and
sizes.  The Yagami would not have fit into this motly crew of ships, but Ryu-Ohki
certainly did.  Kiyone had hidden the Yagami inside the a cave on a large lifeless
planetoid orbited one of the smaller blackholes that sat near Pharsis.  Aeka, Tenchi,
and Ryoko left in Ryu-Ohki to compete the three lightyear journey to the pirate city
that hung in space.  The pirate city did not reside on the planet but was actually
a large space station.  The massive construct was the largest piece of engineering
that Aeka and Tenchi had set their eyes upon.  Pharsis was a series of large
asteroids strung together by massive cables and transparent tubing.  Large metal
structures of habitate buildings on the surface of the giant asteroids could be
seen, and the large rock had a huge maw of a docking bay entrance portal.  The entire
structure was several times larger than any ship of Jurai or any of the space
stations that orbited the planet.
	"By Tsunami, that place is huge." Aeka breathed as she looked at one of the
large holoscreens Ryu-Ohki's bridge.
	"Its been growing.  I remember 700 years ago it was alot smaller than this.
Looks like Mosnor has been busy." Ryoko said.
	"The best kept secret in the galaxy." Tenchi said.
	"Mosnor is a real businessman.  He used to be in a mining company before he
turned gangster." Ryoko said.
	"He must be doing very well then." Aeka commented.
	"He is stinking rich, and I'm not talking about the smell." Ryoko joked.
	
	Ryoko guided Ryu-Ohki into a slow arch that took her towards the giant docking
bay.  As they approached a gruff voice came over the comm.  "Approaching vessel, 
what is your designation and purpose?"
	"Better let me handle this." Ryoko said.
	She cleared her throught, open the channel and said in a very roquish manner
that sounded alot like the old Ryoko, "This is the Ryu-Ohki and I'm here for some
supplies."
	"The Ryu-Ohki, that is the name of ship belonging to Ryoko, and its said
that she is dead." the voice replied.
	"I'm not dead, but you will be if I don't get some docking instructions!" she
shouted.
	"Yes, yes ma'am!" the voice replied dripping with fear.
	Ryoko muted the channel for a minute and stifled a laugh.
	"Your enjoying yourself aren't you." Tenchi smiled at her.
	"You got to know how to deal with these types.  The guys who run the ports
think they are bigger than they actually are." She said.
	"Ryu-Ohki, you can proceed to dock 102456A." the voice came back, a little
shaken.
	
	Soon after docking Tenchi, his two wives, and Ryu-Ohki in cabbit form stood in
the main concorse of Pharsis spaceport.  They quickly made it passed what was supposed
to be a customs station run by a very greasy looking character, and soon they were
on their way.  They found the interior of the station was very lwrge, a massive cavern
was hollowed out inside the asteroid that served as the main habitate area.  Several
tiers of large platforms held the buildings that made up the pirate city, all twelve
levels in all rose several hundred miles high.  Massive cables ran along the sides of
the cavern walls to power the interior lighting and to run the enivronment recylcers
mounted on the roof of the cavern.  Beneith their feet they could feel the familar
tingling vibration caused by an artificial gravity matrix.  Aeka wore a hood to hide
her face to keep from being recognized.
	"Wow." was all Tenchi could say.
	"That was my first impression when I arrive her a long time ago." Ryoko said.
	"Its amazing they kept a place like this a secret for so long." Aeka commented.
	"Thate is alot people don't realize about the space pirates, Pharsis is just
the tip of the iceburg." Ryoko told her.
	"Where should we go first?" Tenchi asked as he looked around trying to determine
what direction they should go in the massive city.
	"We should try to avoid the higher tiers, they are the oldest parts of the city
and contain the worse elements." Ryoko said.
	Aeka looked up towards the higher tiers and tried to make out the buildings
through the atmospheric haze.
	"Is this all there is of the city?" Aeka asked.
	"No, this is one module, the city spans several others but this one is the
largest." Ryoko told her.
	"Where do we find a hyperdrive motivator here?" Tenchi asked.
	Ryoko point towards the third tier.  "The third level is the market district.
You can find anything there." she said.
	Aeka felt for the small satchel she carried under her kimono and felt its
weight.  "I hope they accept Jurai currency here." she said.
	"They take anything, money, merchandise, favors, anything that can be traded
or offered is accepted." Ryoko told her.
	
	Ryoko lead the way through the busstle of the vast tiered city.  She mentally
warned Aeka to keep a firm grip on her purse due the outrageous number of pick pockets
that lived in the city.  After walked for nearly and hour they reached one of the
five public lifts that carried pedestrians traffic to the next tier.  The ground
level part of the city was dedicated to a large arena and several other places of
entertainment.  Aeka blushed when Ryoko mentally told her the places they were
walking past were brothels or bathhouses that give special treatment.  The arena was
for blood sports and public executions.  The second tier was a market place for all
sorts of exotic goods from alien fruits and vegetables to live stock, and even
illegal drugs.  Ryoko pointed all of this out to Aeka and Tenchi as they made their
way to the next lift.  Whenever they spoke they did it through their link so as not
to attract undue attention to themselves.
	[No wonder Kagato came to this place.] Aeka said in discust.
	[The Zanadu of the Galaxy.] Tenchi said.
	[What is Zanadu?] Aeka asked.
	[Zanadu, the pleasure dome, it was in ancient Babylon outside of Bagdad in
what is called Iraq today.  It was said to be a place of exotic perversions.] Tenchi
explained.
	[That describes Pharsis alright.] Ryoko laughed.
	[It was a good thing we asked Mihoshi and Kiyone to stay behind, they'd go
crazy in this place.] Tenchi said.
	[I saw a number of items in a shop behind us that were banned on Jurai for
hundreds of year.] Aeka commented.
	[Wait til we get to the third tier where they sell the larger items, this
tier is for ordinary goods and food stuffs.] Ryoko said.
	It took another hour to make it to the other side of the tier where the lift
to level three was located.  As they reached the third tier Aeka gasped with shock
as she was a Jurai tree ship sitting with several other large spacecraft surrounded
by a force field.  A small domed strucure was the only entrance to were the ships
were held.  Above the door was a hand painted sign that read "Zark's Used Shipyards,
We Buy, Sell, Trade Any Kind".
	[How did they get a Jurai ship?] Aeka wondered.
	[It looks like a courier ship, so its not a miltary vessel.] Ryoko said.
	A short man with a large bottle in his hands came shambling up to them.  He
grabbed onto Aeka's arm and started to tug her away from the group.
	"Well, hell-o speetheart, ya luk fin, wanna haf fun wit me?" he said in a
gravily voice reeked from the smell of liqour.
	"Let go of me you, ruffian!" Aeka shouted.
	"Come on, babi, gib us a kiz." the drunk said.
	[Don't use your powers, they'll know who you are." Tenchi warned.
	[Please, he's is so inebriated that your father could beat him up.] Aeka
replied.
	The princess turned sharply in the drunk's grasp and planted a knee dead
center between his legs.  The man crumpled over without a single shout like a sack
of potatoes.  Aeka dusted off her hands and turned back to Tenchi and Ryoko with a
broad smile on her face.
	[Not bad, princess." Ryoko said.
	[What do we do with him?] Tenchi asked.
	[He'll wake up a few hours from now and not even remember what happened
probably.] Ryoko laughed.
	The rest of tier proved to be as amazing as the first sight they had of it
with the stolen Jurai ship.  One dealer was selling vintage World War II aircraft
from the planet Earth as collector's items.  Tenchi read the English letter on 
the side of some of the craft.  They had the names of American airman underneath
the cockpit canopies.  In another section were large Earth sea going ships, some
were modern ocean going ships and a few were ancient sailing ships in perfect
condition.
	[You didn't actually think that Yosho was the first alien to visit Earth before
did you?] Ryoko asked him when she noticed the strange emotions coming from him.
	[Ever since I met all of you I often wondered if those stories of alien were
actually real after all.] he said.
	[Alien abductions, what do you mean, Lord Tenchi?] Aeka asked.
	[There are stories by millions of people around the world of aliens abducting
them and doing experiments on them.  Its been going on for years, and only recently
has it started to really become well known.] Tenchi explained.
	[When we get back to the Yagami we could talk to Kiyone and Mihoshi about
looking into it when were get back to Earth.] Aeka said.
	[Sounds like a plan.] Ryoko said.
	Venturing further into the city they began to come across the part dealers and
junk dealers.  dozens of large buildings surrounded by high walls marked where they
stood.  High mountains of technological junk could be seen rising high in the 
distance.  One of the mountains of junk had the entire rear section of a ship
just like the Yagami but it was yellow.
	"We can try this one." Ryoko said.  "Let me do the talking."  She pointed
towards the junk dealer that had the yellow spaceship section.
	The three filed through the crowd of ragged pedestrians and walked into the
main office of the junk shop.  The main office was dimly lite and smelled of oil
and ozone.  Aeka pulled her hood over her head just incase somebody got close enough
to recognize who she was.  A short stocky looking Galdorian came waddling into the
room.  He climbed up a short set up steps that lead to the top of his counter and he
yell out something in Gladorese.  You young boy no taller than Sasami rushed out
and said something in slightly broken Gladorese to him.
	"Excuse me, do you speak Juraian?" Ryoko asked.
	"I am Hakkou, how can I help you?" the Gladorian asked in
Juraian.
	"We're looking for parts for our ship.  Its a Callorian Sultran cruiser-class
with Golcom Delta 985 Hyperdrive." Ryoko said.
	"We got parts for those, what you looking for?" Hakkou asked.
	"A hyperdrive motivator and three power couplings for a Kitsu-Lomara model 87
anti-mater reactor." Ryoko said.  "We also need a type 23 biogel memory module and
Inatron CCC-1024 processor core."
	For the first time in a long time she thank her mother for making that link 
between them.  Washu was on the other end of the mental link feeding the specs to 
her mind that she needed to relay.  As before, Washu could not look into the minds 
of Tenchi and Aeka since they shared a different level of mental link with her 
daughter.
	The Gladorian barked a few orders to the young boy and he walked over to a
small data terminal.
	"We have those in stock." the boy said in Juraian.
	"We go out and look, ok." Hakkou said as he motioned Ryoko to follow him.
	[I'll go, you two stay here.] Ryoko said mentally to Tenchi and Aeka.
	[Ok.] they both replied.

	As they waited for Ryoko and Hakkou to come back Aeka and Tenchi strolled
around the interior of the shop looking at all of the exotic pieces of alien 
technology that was laying about on the shelves.  Tenchi had no clue as to what 
many of the exotic devices did, some he guessed were all ship parts from engines
and other systems.  He recognized a few of the parts used in the life support system
on the Yagami, but everything else was so alien to him.  Tenchi felt like kicking
himself for not being more familar with these things, he denied his heritage and
feelings for so long that now that he was among the stars he knew nothing about what
was out there.
	Aeka kept her mind open to Tenchi's thoughts and she could feel what he was
feeling.  She was about to reach out to him and tell him it alright when they
heard the door to the shop open.  A tall figure walked into the room and walked up
to the counter.
	"Hakkou!  Hakkou you slime bucket where are you?" the figure yelled.  From
the voice Tenchi identified the figure as a woman.
	The Gladorian and Ryoko returned from the junk yard soon after.  The short,
waddling merchant held a large PDA tablet in his hands.
	[We got the parts, but they're going to cost.] Ryoko said mentally.
	"You worm, are those power converters in yet?" the figured asked as Hakkou
walked up onto his counter.
	"Sorry, Sakura, but parts for a TG-16 are hard to come by these days." the
Gladorian told her.
	"Damn." Sakura said as she stamped a booted foot.  "Well if you want your
four thousand Jurai you better make sure you get them in, soon."
	Ryoko turned around when she heard the woman's name and she took a defensive
posture putting herself between Sakura and the others.  Tenchi and Aeka felt a 
rising sence of danger from Ryoko and they looked at the woman witn greater
interest.
	[Sakura, it can't be, oh shit.] Ryoko said mentally.
	"Miya?  Miya, miya!" Ryu-Ohki meowed as she recognized the name.
	"Hello Sakura." Ryoko said in a low voice.
	The woman turned around and they all got a look at her.  The woman was wearing
an outfit that showed off her features in great detail.  Her womanhood was barely
covered by a leather armor halter top and the rest of the outfit was almost like that
of a leather and black lace teddy.  Her long legs where clad in thigh length black
boots, and on one thigh was scrapped a wicked looking dagger.  Sakura carried a 
sword strapped to her back and two large blasters at her sides, and a red cape
draped down her back.  Her hair was dark teal like Kiyone's but it was in a style
that was more a mix betwwen Ryoko and Nagi.  Her face was strikingly beautiful, with
thin red lips, deep blue eyes, and soft features.  Aeka had to slap Tenchi out of
a stupper as he looked at her.
	"Ryoko?" Sakura said.
	"Ya its me." the former space pirate said.
	The woman look as if she was about to run to Ryoko and clamp her in a hug,
but then she changed from a look of glee to one of indifference.
	"So, what are YOU doing back here?" she asked.
	"I could ask the same question." Ryoko said.
	Sakura look beyond Ryoko and noticed the two figures standing behind her.  She
guess the hood one was a woman because of her stature and way she walked was very
woman like, but the young man was interesting.
	"Who's the cutie?" she asked in a voice that was suddenly very sweet.
	Ryoko moved a little closer to Tenchi.  "Don't even think about it, he's
mine." she said.
	"You actually have a man, not that's a surprise.  You usually either ignore or
clobber men who make advances on you." Sakura laughed.
	"We're married." Ryoko said.
	"Married, you've certainly changed." Sakura laughed.
	Aeka and Ryoko suddenly began to sense a growing feeling of awe and desire
rising in Tenchi's mind.
	[Tenchi!] Aeka scolded him.
	[Aeka, he can't help it, its her.  She belongs to race that gives off powerful
ferimones that only effect male humanoids.] Ryoko explained.
	"I know what your up to, Sakura, so turn off the tap." Ryoko growled.
	"Afraid you'll loose your man to the greatest seductress in the universe."
Sakura said.
	"I'm warning you.  Your not going to steal him from me." Ryoko said as
she summoned her energy sword.
	"Oh, come now, I only plan to have some fun and then you can have him back."
she replied.
	"Over our dead bodies." Aeka said as she removed her hood, unable to hold
herself back any further.
	"She's so beautiful." Tenchi said as if in a trance.
	"Who is this little thing?" Sakura asked sheepishly.
	"I too am married to this man." Aeka said.
	Sakura started laughing histerically.  Hakkou, sensing a fight was about to
break loose waddled off his counter and grabbed the young boy who soon looking at
Sakura with a dazed look on his face.
	"One man with two women, he must be one of those kinky types." Sakura said.
	"Don't you dare defile Lord Tenchi's character like that!" Aeka seethed.
	[Aeka, remember we're supposed to be keeping a low profile.] Ryoko warned.
	"Lord Tenchi?  Say, I recall it was a guy name Tenchi who supposedly killed
off old Kagato a few years ago." Sakura said.  "Its also said that he is a member
of the Jurai royalty also."
	"Back off Sakura!" Ryoko shouted.
	"Miya!" meowed Ryu-Ohki.
	"Oh, alright, if you I wasn't in a mood for a fight right now anyway.  Maybe
another time." Sakura said as she turned around and walked out of the shop.  Almost
immediately Tenchi started to shake his head and rub his eyes.
	"W-w-what happened to me?" he asked.
	"Sakura gives off ferimones that effect men.  Well, almost all men." Ryoko
said as Hakkou came back into the shop.
	"That could get messy if you be messin with Sakura.  So, you is the great
Ryoko, eh?" the Gladorian shopkeeper asked.
	"Yes, I am Ryoko." Ryoko replied.
	"A legend right here in me shop, I tell you what I give you parts at half
price, ok?" Hakkou said.
	"Thanks." Ryoko told him.
	"How much is it going to be?" Aeka asked.
	"Lemme see, hmmm, exactly five hundred thousand Jurai." Hakkou said after 
looking at his PDA.
	Aeka grimaced, but sighed as she pulled out her purse and fished out a handful
of large one-hundred thousand Jurai coins.  She counted five of the coins into the 
shopkeepers three-fingered hand.
	"Good, where you want parts to go?" he asked.
	"Have been stowed in a disposable cargo container at dock 102456A." Ryoko told
him.  Hakkou tapped it into his PDA.
	"It'll be about six hours, that hyperdrive motivator weights two-hundred fifty
tons, you know." he said ax he waddled off.
	"What do we do for six hours?" Tenchi asked his wives.
	An image of a bed drifted into his mind from Ryoko.  Aeka got the same image
and she blushed slightly dispite the fact that she slept with Tenchi at least twice
already.
	Tenchi smiled.  "That would be fun, but I don't think we should let out guard
down like that in this place." he said.
	"Your right, after we get back to Yagami." she replied after giving him a peck
on the cheek.
	"I love being able to be so open with our feelings like this." Aeka said as she
rested her head on Tenchi's back.
	"Lets get going before Sakura decides to come back." Ryoko said.
	"It probably wasn't a good idea saying your name like that.  Please forgive
me, Lord Tenchi." Aeka said.
	"Its ok, Aeka." he said as he put his arm around her.

	In a tall tower outside of the tier city the governor of Pharsis was getting a
called from an old friend.  The greasy looking Flagorian floated in a large vat of
green slime and touched a button on a side console.  A holographic screen appeared
and the face of Hakkou appeared.
	"Hakkou, old friend what you be doin?" Masnor asked.
	"Mosnor, ya member that coot pirate Ryoko?" the shopkeeper asked.
	Mosnor moved closer to the holoscreen.  "How can I not.  She a real looker
don't ya know." he said.
	"She be here in Pharsis.  I tink she be in trouble.  Sakura be seeing her and
they almos git inta a fight over a man." Hakkou said.
	"Rumor say she shack up wit the guy who killt Kagato.  You be seeing Makoro
snoop around?" Mosnor asked.
	"Na, but you being sure she tell him she here.  I tink this guy be that one,
and she got a Princess from Jurai wit here too." Hakkou said.
	"I tink the lass be in danger.  You try un help, and I see wha I kun do from
here." Mosnor said.
	"Will do.  I got ta go then, see you then." Hakkou said before signing off.
	Mosnor sat there for long while deep in thought and wondered what his old
friend Ryoko was doing back in Pharsis.  She'd been missing for so long and then
suddenly he started to hear stories that she resurfaced and found love on some
backwater world in another part of the galaxy.  He hoped beyond hope that Makoro,
Sakura's new employer, did not hear wind of her.  He knew that would happen if
he did.  As he opened his eyes he worse fears were realized as he saw the very
man he was afraid of standing in front of him.
	"How di you git up here, you slime?" Mosnor demanded.
	"I can go where I please, you toad.  So, do I hear correctly, is our dearest
Ryoko back in Pharsis?" Makoro asked with an icy look in his eyes.
	"Wha be it to you?" Mosnor asked defiantely.
	"Your trying to protect her, that would be a very bad thing to do." Makoro
said in a dangerous tone.
	"You canna touch me, I be runnin this place." Mosnor told him.
	"Not anymore, you fat discusting waste of oxygen!" Makoro shouted as he ignited
a sword that looked like the Master Key.  Tye Flagorian's two large eyes, which were
on long eye stalks on the top of his head went wide.  Before he could cry out for
his guards Makoro swung the sword in an arch and severed his head.  Mosnor's head
tumbled out of the vat and landed on the floor with a sickening thud.
	"Was that wise?" Sakura asked as she emerged from the shadows.
	"Nobody gets in the way of my revenge.  I will avenge my brother's death no
matter the cost." Makoro said through clenched teeth.
	The two turned and walked out of the room leaving Mosnor's headless body
where it lay.  A few minutes later a young Tomorian girl dress scantilly and
carrying a platter with a bottle of Flagorian wine walked into the room.  She screamed
when she saw Mosnor's body and dropped the platter as she turned and ran.

	The trio made their way to the fourth tier and found a semi-clean resteraunt
to eat at.  Tenchi got brave and tried an alien recipe, but found himself wishing
he was back on Yagami with Sasami's cooking.  After that they wandered around the
second tier shops to see if they couod pick up a few things to take back to the 
Yagami for the others.  All the while they did not notice the figure that followed
along after them darting between the shadows.
	Two hours later they stopped at the central square where a fountain was placed
and the water spray helped to cool them off.  Aeka sat on the edge to give her
small feet a rest and Ryoko just floated in midair in a lotus position next to 
Tenchi who decided to just stand.
	"Its a nice place to visit, but sure wouldn't want to live here." he said.
	"I did once for two years.  That was how I met Sakura." Ryoko said.
	"What is it between you two?" Aeka asked her.
	"She was a biggest rival in the pirate bizz.  Not my arch rival like Nagi,
but a real competitor for snagging ships." Ryoko explained.  "We used to have
really awesome dogfights in space.  She has a Cabbit like Ryu-Ohki, a female one
named Kim-Ohki."
	"I see, the lake back home has crystals in it that come out every once in a
while.  Looking for carrots most of the time." Aeka said.
	"Ya, mom made a few Cabbits like Ryu-Ohki, and one day before Kagato double-
crossed us I remember that a few got away." Ryoko said.
	"And then they started breeding." Tenchi said.
	"Miya, miya, miya, miya." Ryu-Ohki said.
	"She said that there is a planet where a colony of Cabbits live, but its
pretty well hidden." Ryoko translated.
	"Sasami would be in heaven on a planet like that." Tenchi said, scratching the
Cabbit between the ears.  Ryu-Ohki purred and licked his hand.
	It was at that moment that Ryoko noticed that the husstle and busstle of 
pedestrian traffic which was quite heavy was suddenly gone.  They were now the only
people standing out in the open, and it alarmed her.  Tenchi and Aeka picked up on
Ryoko sudden alarm too.  Then it happened very quickly, the hairs on the back of
Tenchi's neck started to rise up on end and he turned just in time.  He raised his
hands and errected a force field to deflect a series of energy blasts that were
coming their way.  In a fash Tenchi and Aeka put on their armor rings and changed to
their Juraian battlesuits and Ryoko morphed into her battlesuit and has her energy
sword in hand.  Tenchi drew the Master Key and ignited its blue blade.  They waited
for several seconds before a second attack came, but the blasts just splashed off of
Tenchi's protective shield.
	A high pitched laugh came down upon them as Sakura and another figure appeared
on the street in front of them.
	"Sorry about this Ryoko, but this isn't personal...its business." Sakura said.
	"What do you think your doing, you bitch?" Ryoko asked her.
	"That's Princess Aeka of Jurai, her ransome will bring a nice price." the
other person said.  From the voice they could tell it was man.
	Aeka started powering up and she summoned her mini-guardians.  "I will not be
so easy to capture, whoever you are." she said with an icy tone.
	"And you'll have go get through me first." Tenchi said.
	The figure was dressed all in black and wore a hooded cowl, he pulled it back
and Ryoko gasped in shock.  "Makoro." she said in a voice that dripped with hatred.
	"I'm glad you remember me, dear Ryoko." the man said.
	[Who is he?] Tenchi asked mentally.
	[A total jerk slave trader, be careful because he's tricky] Ryoko warned.
	"Your working for this slime ball!" Ryoko shouted at Sakura.
	The seductress space pirate shrugged and said, "A girl has to make a living and
he pays me well for my services."
	"Sakura, lets end these pleasentries and get onm with obtaining our prize."
the man said in a relaxed voice.
	"Better surrender her or this could get really messy." Sakura said as she
drew her sword.  The weapon had a steel blade, the surface of it ignited with 
blue energy as she took a fighting stance.
	Ryoko looked over at Tenchi and smiled "Don't you know who this is?" she asked
Makoro.
	Sakura looked at Tenchi and then back at Makoro.  "You didn't tell your new
boss who he going up against did you, Sakura?" Ryoko asked her.
	Tenchi stepped forward and took a battle stance with the Master Key in his
grasp.  "I am Tenchi Masaki, first Prince of Jurai, and the man who slayed Kagato."
he said.
	Makoro reached into his black suit and producted a Juraian spaceship key
and ignited its blade.  Aeka gasped in shock at this.
	"I know who you are, Prince Tenchi, it means nothing to me." Makoro said.
	"It should." Tenchi said in an uncharacteristicly vicious tone.
	"Stay out of my way boy." Makoro said as he raised his hand and launched an
energy blast at him.
	The blast hit Tenchi's shield and struck with such force that it sent him
flying down the street.
	"Tenchiii!" Aeka and Ryoko both shouted.
	Makoro took the opportunity and flew at Aeka.  The princess saw his move and
she lashed out with her mini-guardians.  Makoro struck her shield and landed on his
feet after a sumersault move.  Aeka flew at him this time with a powered punch and
tried to blast him, but she was stopped in place by his own shield.  Aeka got a 
suddenly bout of deja vu when Makoro waved his hands and a blast sent her flying
into the fountain.
	Ryoko yelled out Aeka's name and teleported to Makoro's side and lashed out
with her sword.  It deflected off of the man's shield and he quickly blasted her
away as well.
	"Pathetic.  I thought you were better than this." he said.
	Suddenly, there was a flash of bright light down the street.  Makoro looked
up and his eyes opened wide with shock.  He watched as six Light Hawk Wings emerged
from Tenchi's chest, two of the wings seperated from him and merged with him to
form the white Light Hawk Armor, and a third entered his hand and transformed into
the Light Hawk Sword.  Using his hidden power Tenchi rose into the air and flew
at Makoro.  The man rised his sword to perry and was surprise when the force of the
impact send the weapon flying out of his hand.
	"This is how I killed that bastard Kagato, and how you will end also if you
don't yield." Tenchi said through clenched teeth.
	"Light Hawk Wings, very impressive.  No wonder you were able to defeat my
brother." Makoro said.
	"Kagato was your brother!" Ryoko said with rage.
	"You didn't know he was part Juraian did you?" Makoro said.
	"That monster could not have been one of my people!" Aeka shouted as she
climbed out of the fountain dripping with water.
	Ryoko concentrated for a few seconds and formed her own Light Hawk Wings.  She
took a positon next to Tenchi and assumed a battle stance.
	"Wha!  Two beings with Light Hawk Wings!" Sakura shouted with shock.
	"It makes no difference, I will have the Princess!" Makoro shouted as he tapped
something on his wrist.
	Instantly the air was filled with hundred of small drones.  They darted about
like angry hornets and they swarmed upon the trio.  The drones started firing laser
blasts that deflected off of Tenchi and Ryoko's light hawk wings and Aeka own Jurai
power shield.  The total number of hits was starting to effect Aeka, and she was
quickly beginning to loose her hold over her shield.  Tenchi and Ryoko both sense
this through their link with her as they down several of the drones with energy
blasts.
	"Aeka!" Tenchi shouts as the princess falls to her knees as she tries to keep
her shield from failing.
	Tenchi runs to her and grabs her, he summons his flying power and soars into
the air.  A horde of drones follows him firing at him, but their beams deflect off
of his light hawk wings.  Ryoko leaps into the air and followes behind him taking
out the drones from the rear with energy blasts and swipes of her sword.
	Eventually they manage to loose the annoying devices and land in a back
alleyway.  Tenchi and Ryoko release their powers and slump to the ground panting.
	"We are in trouble." Ryoko said.
	"I noticed that." Tenchi said.
	"I can't believe Kagato is part Juraian, what a disgrace." Aeka said a little
mortified.
	"There is always one black sheep in the family." Tenchi told her.
	"I'd prefer it not to be that particular one thank you." Aeka said.
	"I noticed that Makoro is Juraian also, he as a spaceship key sword like
the Master Key." Tenchi said.
	"Your sword is the Key to Tsunami, his is a key to some other tree ship,
but I am not sure which." Aeka said.
	"We can ask Tsunami later when we get back to Yagami." Ryoko said.
	"Maaaoooowwwww!!!!!" came a loud cry from the sky.
	Ryoko stood up and looked up into the air.  A large ship that looked alot
like Ryu-Ohki but was a blueish color was rising into the air from the distance.
	"Shit, its Kim-Ohki!" she said.
	"Miya, miya miya miya miya miya!" meowed Ryu-Ohki.
	"What did she say?" Tenchi asked.
	"She was saying some very unflattering things about Kin-Ohki's figure." Ryoko
chuckled.
	"I'd love to stand around a meet more of your old enemies Ryoko, but could we
get out of here." Aeka said.
	"I heard that." Ryoko replied.
	The trio ran down the alleyway and darted into a small building.  It was just
then that Kim-Ohki roared overhead.  They looked into the air as the Cabbit flew
by and then they emerged and rushed out into the street.  They found an abandoned
hovercar and piled into it.  Ryoko took the controls and headed for the ramps that
allowed ground vehicles access to the other tiers.  The ramsp were winding tunnels
bored out of the stone walls of the asteroid.  They travelled down to the first
level and headed towards a giant tower that rose up from the cavern floor some
distance from the tiered city.
	"I don't really want to do this, but Mosnor can hide us for a while until our
parts are ready to go." Ryoko said.
	They pulled up at the front entrance to the tower and the trio ran inside.
They followed Ryoko as she ran into a lift and it carried them to the top of the
tower.  "I don't like it, where are the guards." Ryoko said.  As they made it to
Mosnor's chambers at the top of the tower they stopped.  A large vat of green goop
sat in the middle of the room where the administrator of Pharsis ran the place.  The
body of the Flagorian was slumped over the edge, flabby sacks of flexh hung down
from the creatures body, and its severed head lay in a pool of blue blood in one
corner.
	"Oh damn." Ryoko said.
	"This is not our day." Aeka said.
	"Now what?" Tenchi asked.
	"MAOW!" can a cry from outside jsut before the room was engulfed in white
light and explosions.
	The three suddenly found themself on the smooth crystaline floor of Ryu-Ohki's
bridge.  In the instant the tower was hit by Kim-Ohki the Cabbit leaped off of
Ryoko shoulder and morphed into ship form and teleported her friends onboard.  Now
she was darting away as the Mosnor's tower started to tumble over and Kim-Ohki
gave chase.
	"Ryu-Ohki, I love you." Ryoko said as she stood up and took the controls.
	The Cabbits furry face appeared one of the floating crystals and blushed.
	The other Cabbit ship was firing at them as they speed away, but Ryoko quickly
dodged the shops and dove Ryu-Ohki in between the tall towers of the sixth tier in
the city structure.  The Cabbit ships darted between the huge buildings exchanging
cannon fire.  Ryu-Ohki meowed in pain when ever she was hit, but Ryoko gave Kim-Ohki
more direct hits.  Ryoko dove the Cabbit ship into a n archway made by two large
buildings and blasted it just as Kim-Ohki was about to follow.  The Cabbit ship was
caught by the falling structures and crashed to the ground with a great explosion.
	"Miya miya miay?" Ryu-Ohki meowed a question.
	"No, I sure she'll be ok." Ryoko said.
	Ryoko guided Ryu-Ohki towards the hanger bay and flew her through the main
concourse of the space port.  When they reached the docking port area they could
see a large cargo carrier there.  Ryu-Ohki focused a holographic vidscreen on two
figures on the deck down below.  It was Hakkou and the young boy who was his
assistant.
	"That be you Ryoko?" came the voice of the Gladorian over the com system.  "I
hear about old fiend Mosnor, he ask me to help you be Makoro cut him up."
	"Thanks, you better get going too." Ryoko replied.
	"I be havin strong friends in the pirate guild.  Makoro be hunted man if he
touch me." the shopkeeper said.
	"Lets get out of this place." aeka said.
	"Ok Ryu-Ohki, lets pick up that cargo container and haul ass to the Yagami."
Ryoko said.
	"Miya!" meowed the Cabbit in agreement.
	Ryu-Ohki locked a tractor beam onto the cargo container and then raced away
into the cavernous reaches of the space port entrance.  As they emerged from the
asteroid blue beams of energy streaked past them.  A holographics screen appeared
showing a large black vessel that was long and sleek racing towards them.  It was
firing energy beams at Ryu-Ohki from twin cannons.
	"That must be Makoro, is he hits the cargo carrier this trip was all for
nothing." Tenchi said.
	"Aeka, take the controls.  Tenchi, is it OK if I squash this fly that is
bugging us?" Ryoko asked as Aeka took over the controls of the Cabbit ship.
	Tenchi recalled he asked her to ask permission before doing anything drastic
since she jumped out into space and taking on a Darkling ship by herself.  He had
been terrified for her and for the baby she was carrying inside her.  He nodded and
gave her a kiss before she teleported away.
	Ryoko rematerialized on the hull of Makoro's ship and summoned her six Light
Hawk Wings and created a Light Hawk Sword from one of them.  She quick set to work
cutting the ship in half with the mightly weapon.  Makoro, sitting on the bridge,
did not know what was happening to his ship until it was too late.  Just just before
the primary reactor overloaded and blew he saw Ryoko flying away with her lighthwwk
wings surrounding her.  She materialized back onto the bridge of the Ryu-Ohki and
into Tenchi's loving arms which held her close of Makoro's ship was engulfed in
a massive explosion.
	"Lets get out of here, I don't want to see this city ever again." Ryoko said
as she rest her head on Tenchi's shoulder.
	Aeka worked the controls and guided the Cabbit ship on a course back to where
they hid the Yagami.

	Back on the GP ship Kiyone was chasing Mihoshi around the living area.  She
had a towel wrapped around her and was dripping wet.  The blonde policewoman was
frantically running to keep from being bashed over the head.
	"Get back here you!  That was my last bottle of conditioner!" Kiyone welled.
	"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry Kiyone, but I ran last week and I get all oily if I
don't use conditioner on my hair!" Mihoshi said with tears in her eyes.
	"So you had to start using mine!" Kiyone yelled.
	"Stop it you two, your as bad as my sister and Ryoko used to be." Sasami
scolded them.
	Noboyuki stepped into the room and dodge out of Mihoshi's way as she ran past
him.  He unfortunately did not see Kiyone following close behind and they colided.
When Kiyone was able to see again she noticed two things, one Noboyuki was on the
floor, and two she was straddling him.  The third thing she realized was that she
was still wearing her bath towel and wasn't wearing any panties.  Her face turned a 
bright red, and when Noboyuki woke up to find a wet and half naked Kiyone sitting
on him his eyes nearly bugged out of his head.
	"I-I-I'm so sorry Mr. Masaki, I didn't see you there." Kyone stammered as she
leaped up off of him and helped him up.  Strangely, he was not acting like the hentai
he usually acted like.  Kiyone noticed that he was actually blushing too.  He was
about to say something when Washu came running into the room.
	"They're back!" she shouted.
	Everyone gathered on the observation desk of the Yagami to watch as Ryu-Ohki
flew in trailing a large cargo container.  The Cabbit ship stowed the container into
one of Yagami's open cargo hatches and then beamed her passengers into the ship.  The
little furry creature phased through the hull of the ship and leapped into the 
waiting arms of Sasami who held a large, plump carrot for her.  Ryu-Ohki was very
quickly munching away on top of Sasami's head.
	"She earned that carrot today.  Ryu-Ohki saved our lives." Tenchi said.
	"Wow!  Your such a good girl, Ryu-Ohki." Sasami said petting the little
Cabbit.
	"Did you get the parts we need?" Kiyone asked, now fully dressed in her GP
flight uniform.
	"We sure did." Tenchi said.
	"Ok, lets get to work so we be on our way." Washu said as she started rolling 
up her sleeves.

	Tenchi opened the cargo carrier and watched with amazement as Washu moved the
massive hyperdrive motivator with a simple wand-shaped device.  She called it a 
anti-gravitational manipulator.  The rest of the things they ordered were in cases
inside the cargo container also, but what surprised them the most was the extra items
that were there.  A large crate of bottles containing expensive alcholic beverages,
several containers of food, and three crates of exotic looking weapons that Kiyone
identified as being illegal in most starsystems due to their firepower.  It was
decided that they'd keep the weapons onboard considering the situation they were
in, and Washu would make Etherealogical modifications to them so they would be
effective against the Darkness.
	Twenty hours passed and the new hyperdirve was in place and ready for them
to depart.  Washu gave the all clear and the device powered up for the first time
without a hitch.  Kiyone and Yosho got the main computer back online and running, and
Sasami used the food to cook a big dinner to celebrate this victory.  They sat in
the dinning room enjoyed each other's company.  Kiyone and Noboyuki was lost in a 
conversation about how buildings were designed, Mihoshi was playig with her control
cube again, Aeka and Ryoko were hugging Tenchi, and Sasami and Washu were watching
Ryu-Ohki do little ballerina dances for them in her child form.  It went on like
this for several hours, but then the time came for them to move on.
	"We can get clear of this region if we take this route here." Ryoko said as
she pointed to a small region of space positioned between two supermassive blackholes.
	"That'll be one tight fit through there." Kiyone said.
	"We have to chance it or we will have to fly through that cosmic storm again
to get out of here." Washu explained.
	"Why not, we lived through worse.  Sometimes I am amaze that we even lived
this long." Aeka said.
	"We have to get to Jurai, can you do it Kiyone?" Tenchi asked.
	"I can try." she said.
	"You can do it, I have confidence in you." Noboyuki said with a smile.  His words
made Kiyone blush, and Washu raised an eyebrow at this.  She has observed a strange
event taking place since they left on this journey.  It looked as if Kiyone and
Noboyuki were getting closer.  She decided to research into this further later.
	"I'm worried about mommy and daddy and mommy Fonaho." Sasami said.
	"So am I, dear sister." Aeka said as she hugged her little sister.
	"It will be like threading a needle." Yosho said clamly.
	"The longer we wait the more time the Darklings have to scheme against us."
Tenchi said.
	"Lord Tenchi is right, we have to chance it now." Aeka said.
	"Ok, I'm going to need total concentration for this, so everyone please
clear the bridge." Kiyone said.
	Everyone did as she asked, but she did notice that Noboyuki was still with her.
She looked up at him and looked into his eyes.  She could not read the look on his
face for a few seconds but she swore she could see admiration and affection in his
dark eyes.  He was the last person who ever expected to suddenly find herself 
suddenly starting to really like.  Most times Tenchi father was a real hentai trying
to take pictures of them in the onsen, or sitting him his room watching porno movies
all the time.  She found that about the man discusting, but here lately she noticed a
marked change in him.  On two occations he had a change to get a good handful of her
and on both occations he didn't do a thing inappropriate.  In fact, he blushed
furiously, which was very uncharacteristic of him.
	"What is it Mr. Masaki?" she asked.
	"Kiyone, I....wanted to wish you good luck." he said after a moments hesitation.
	"Thank you," she replied with a smile.
	Noboyuki walked out slowly and let the door to the bridge hiss closed behind
him.  He sighed and pulled a picture out of his front shirt pocket.  It was a 
picture of Achika.  A single tear formed in his eyes as he looked at her smiling
face.  It had been taken a year before she started getting sick.  He could hear
her last words to him in his mind when he looked at her picture.
	"Noboyuki, I want you to promise me that if I die you will find another." she
said with a weak voice.
	"Achika, you are my only true love." he had said to her.
	"I know, but I don't want our little boy to grow up without a mother."
she said to him.
	"I'll do anything you say, my sweet." he had told her.  But as the years passed
and Tenchi grew older he never met anyone who could measure up to her.  Of all the
women he had met since that terrible winter day no woman was good enogh, but then
the girls from space came to him home.  They were all nuts about his son, and he was
envious of him at times, and flustered with him at times for not taking advantage
of his good fortune.  Later, Tenchi made him proud by marrying not one girl but two,
and then the guilt hit him.  He had not fulfilled his dear departed loves' last
request.  Tenchi grew up without a mother, and for this he would be eternally asking
his late wife for forgiveness.  Now that the chaos of the girls fights over Tenchi
was over he was starting to feel lonely again, and it was then that he began to 
focus on a certain teal haired beauty who came to live with them not long ago.
	"Is it her, my dear.  I hope you would approve, I know its a bit late, but
I hope you'd approve of her." he said to the picture.  There was no answer, and he
placed the picture back into his shirt pocket and continued on his way to the crew
quarters.
__________	
End of Chapter Three...to be continued

Next time...
Chapter Four:  Distorted Realities...
	Tenchi and the gang leave the pirate city to continue their journey to Jurai,
but they run into a ripple in spacetime that alters their perspective of reality.
Chapter Five:  Planet Caldera...
	The gang finds a calm region of the Dead Zone and runs into a mysterious new
planet that none of them knew was there.  A terrible secret hidden beneath the surface
could threaten their very existance.  

If you enjoyed this fan fic series let me know at zorch@the-zorch.com.
Remember to check out GenSao's Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Archives for this
and more great fan fics at http://www.tmffa.com and remember to visit my
fan site 