DEDICATION (20/10/2000)

To Serajadeyn

Thanks for being a ProofReader, especially wif me hounding u for a 
few days ^^;;;. All the best for your fic Dimension : Stained.

Sincerely, Zyraen ^_^

REWRITE : 
Some pressure has been put on me to do a REWRITE for D&L. Currently,
I've got CHAPTER 1 on rewrite, basically juz change the burger joint
scene, reduce the speedy emotional involvement in the first fic. 
Then the rest of the rewrites will juz involve tweaking chapters from
2-7 to consider the edited scene, as well as Chapter 2 & 3 to make
up for the lack of emotional depth in the Chapter 1. The PLOT does
NOT change. Those who are interested, may email me for the Rewrite,
and I will be posting it at www.fanfiction.net soon. It will be
placed as a separate fic, and PLEASE VOTE on whether u prefer
the REWRITE or the ORIGINAL Chapter 1. It will decide if the
rewrite is accepted, and makes it to the TMFFA, as well if I will
update the contents for chapters 2-7.

SORRY Long CHAPTER ^_^ But dun worry, after this, the interval will
finally be declared over, then the serious action can begin again
(probably after my A level exams ^^;;;)

Disclaimer :
Most characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.
They are in such a situation solely because of my imagination.
This story was written purely for fun.

I would also like to extend my whole hearted thanks and gratitude to
Patrick "Seion" Stewart, who gave me permission to use his character
Seion in Darkness & Light .

Seion, if you're reading this and you find I screwed him up, please
do inform me, I'll do my utmost to put him right. Thank you ^_^.
                                                               
Seion's work can be found in Gensao's TMFFA, at www.tmffa.com.

DARKNESS & LIGHT - No Need For Kova

By Zyraen

CHAPTER XV : No Need for Baths

In the women’s bath…

"Haha!" Mitsuki laughed cheerily, her shining eyes only on the bath
as her fingers literally flew over her uniform, undoing the buttons
and zips. "Here I come!"

Kiyone, standing beside her, was still too shocked to speak.

OH NO what *am* I doing here!?

"You… want a towel?" Her voice was a barely audible whisper. It
seemed as though she had split into two people, surely it was
simply *impossible* for anyone to be at once level headed enough
to say that to try to warn an acquaintance while simultaneously
berating over her own fate.

"Are you kidding me!?" The GP uniform was still in transit to the
ground, when the red head broke into a run, her lingerie littering the
ground between her original place and the edge of the pool.
"Wheee!!" She screamed, as she took off as if from a springboard
before curling in a spinning ball and careening with a resounding
splash into the water. "Come on in!" Mitsuki cried, surfacing, scarlet
hair all dripping with water, as she felt the warmth soak through into
her limbs and muscles. "Aaah…"

Kiyone stared, a huge sweatdrop forming off the back of her head.

He could be anywhere…! Was that a figure I saw over there?

A slight movement by her side startled her, as Washu started
disrobing, seeming every bit her natural, normal self.

Kiyone quickly stepped over to her and bent down, her expression
wild, even as Mitsuki started kicking and splashing herself in the
water. "You know…?"

"‘Course I do." Washu smiled slightly, not looking at her, and bent
down as her suit fell from her to reach for the pile of three towels by
the side of the door. "Good luck, Kiyone." Her fingers grasped the
cloth, and Kiyone was still trying to absorb the meaning of her
words. "Once we get Mitsuki out, I have to talk to him first, then after
that you two can go ahead and have a wonderful time." She grinned
wickedly as she drew three layers of material around herself. 

"Hey, come on in!" Mitsuki called again. "This is great! And forget
the towels!" 

"Coming, hang on a minute!" The scientist called to Mitsuki, and
gently slid her lithe, young body into the lukewarm waters of the
pool.

Kiyone was still wondering how the hell Washu knew and what she
had meant when…

"Kiyone, what’s wrong?"

"Huh?" The green haired detective, eyes wide, turned to regard
Mitsuki. The red head was standing in the water, staring at her with
a very odd expression, almost suspicious.

"Come on, you’re wet aren’t you?" Mitsuki questioned. 

"Uh… just give me a while…" Kiyone’s left hand clasped over her
blouse protectively, her green eyes staring furtively at the room
around her… she could almost imagine him, staring at *her*...

"Well?" The red headed detective’s brows furrowed, as Washu
surreptitiously washed herself by the side of the bath, humming
quietly to herself, almost as though it was to stop herself from
laughing…

Kiyone could only stare back pleadingly, still clasping her clothing
to herself, unwilling to let go. "Erm yeah sure!" Her fingers reached
for where the pile of towels should be and… closed about thin air.

Her eyes widened with shock.

"WASHU!!!" She screamed, outrage permeating her entire voice.

"Hmm?" The redhead gave her an innocent look. "What’s wrong,
Kiyone?" Her voice was oozing with concern, as she flashed a
wicked grin.

"Well, forget them then, Kiyone!" Mitsuki cried, then leaned back
against one of the edges and let herself slide all the way down into
the water until her head was submerged.

Kiyone stared around helplessly, her entire head all the way from
the base of her neck turning a bright red as blood gushed into her
face.

Oh god I wish I could *die*…

====================================

Oh god I wish I could *die*…

Crouching under the fountain, with his back to the outcropping and
up to his chest in the water, Kova, while taking care to keep still
behind the curtain of water falling before him, very gingerly opened
his eyes.

Come on…! He remembered how he had staved off the ladies back
at the Science Academy. You have done this before and you can do
it again! 

Steeling himself, he gazed directly out through the watery curtain,
past the overflowing bronzed bowl near the centre of the
rectangular pool, at the thankfully blurred figures in sight that were
Mitsuki and Washu, in the pool.

You can do it…

His eyes focused, observing the blurred, flesh coloured forms
through the curtain of water, breaking their outlines into shapes,
mere objects that held no attraction or arousal for him, so that the
figures, rather than representing women, became only
compositions of colour and tone, that were just coincidentally akin
to the female figure, but were not in his mind associated with them
in any other way, much like the way a pencil sketch of an apple
cannot be mistaken for a real apple.

Okay… two down one to go…

The still clothed figure moved, and unbidden Kiyone appeared in
his mind’s eye, shrinking back and trembling like an ensnared
doe…

He gulped, sweat beading on his brow.

This is going to be *very* hard…

====================================

Reluctantly, Kiyone’s hands reached down and pulled her shirt over
her head, trying to stop the tremors of embarrassment that caused
her entire body from knees up to quaver.

I’m going to remove my blouse…

He’s watching!!!

Washu… I’ll *kill* you!

I am *just* going to remove my blouse…

Her hand dropped it off to one side of her.

There, she told herself, but the scarlet tinge simply refused to leave
her face and neck.

Now, I’m going to take off my…

NO! I *can’t*!

Kiyone was vaguely aware of Mitsuki watching her oddly, having
surfaced again. There was something wrong here, in the way
Kiyone’s hands froze midway in the act of unbuckling her belt,
something the redhead couldn’t quite pinpoint, but there was
definitely something amiss.

"Is something wrong?" There could be no doubting the brunette’s
tone.

Kiyone grit her teeth.

Yes I *am* going to take this off!

Before her mind could intervene any further her hands quickly slid
her skirt along and out from under her legs, almost of their own
volition.

Whew… Kiyone thought as her trembling fingers dropped the
soggy garment aside, and could feel the heat of the bath all along
her bare skin…

AAAHH!

It took all of her will not to articulate her mental scream, as the
realisation sank in that she was clad only in her undergarments
before what she felt certain was the gaze of a man, and just
managed to stop herself from making a run for the pool, being
aware she was supposed to act naturally, which was to disrobe
*completely*.

Come on it’s only Kova-chan…

I can’t I *can’t* I *CAN’T* !! She almost sobbed.

She quickly turned around to hide the distress on her face. Mitsuki
frowned, and was going to call again but Washu shook her head at
Mitsuki.

"She usually uses one of these…" she pointed at the three towels
wrapped around herself.

Mitsuki raised an eyebrow but made no additional comment, before
smiling and tossing herself backwards into the warm bath.

====================================

About the time Washu had gotten into the pool…

"What happened, Ryoko?" Tenchi stared. "How did you get that?"

The space pirate’s face went blank, and her mirth ended, as she
instantly jumped to her feet. "Oh er…" Her hand was covering the
object of Tenchi’s attention as some sweatdrops formed on her
face. "It’s nothing!" She gave a forced smile.

"Are you all right?" He asked in concern, stepping forward.

"It’s nothing!" Ryoko urged again as she backed away. "It’s
nothing, really, I tell you!"

To Tenchi’s immense astonishment, Aeka interposed herself
between him and Ryoko. "Ah, erm, don’t worry about it, lord
Tenchi!" The princess smiled nervously. "We’ll be fine! It’s very late
already, I think we should all go sleep already, right Ryoko?"

Ryoko nodded dumbly, not taking her eyes from Tenchi.

The boy stared at the two of them in some kind of puzzled disbelief.
When Kiyone and her most recently arrived colleagues had left,
Tenchi had been left alone with Ryoko and Aeka, the former who
had been rolling on the floor laughing. No longer distracted by
others, he had realised, with some kind of shock, that Ryoko’s shirt
had a large slash over its lower chest, where she originally got hit
on board the Comet, to reveal a nasty bloodied weal beneath… 

"What is going on here!?"

Aeka and Ryoko licked their lips nervously before him, and looked
innocently away.

Tenchi’s eyes widened.

He could see Aeka, storming to her room amidst a flood of tears,
while Ryoko had grimly teleported out from in front of him, only this
very night…

No, they couldn’t have been fighting, could they!?

Stunned, Tenchi paused, his face bunching up in a rictus of dread
and denial.

I tried so hard… so hard… they wouldn’t have… no…

Aeka and Ryoko stared as they saw Tenchi stagger back, his eyes
directed down, his eyes wild and staring…

I had been hoping so much, praying even…

As is often with Tenchi, he conveniently overlooked the fact that
Ryoko and Aeka were standing side by side before him without
making for one other’s throats. That Aeka had tried to help Ryoko
pass it off as nothing meant to him that they both didn’t want to let
him know before they went back to trying to kill each other once
more. Once again the thought about the presents flashed in his
mind…

"I’m sorry, Aeka, Ryoko." His brown eyes came up to meet theirs,
full of sadness and regret. "Please… please don’t fight anymore,
please…"

Princess and pirate gawked in astonishment, as Tenchi beseeched
them.

"It’s all my fault… if you want to fight someone, fight me… don’t hurt
each other…"

Both the girls blinked, and stared at each other, and suddenly…

Oh man, he couldn’t have been thinking *that*, could he!?

His melancholic words, at first cryptic, fitted in perfectly into place
with that thought, and struck a raw chord deep within both of
them…

"HUH!?" Tenchi blinked.

What did I do now!?

"Tenchi you *BAKA*, you idiot, you!" Ryoko laughed fondly as she
squeezed him harder, with pleasure at his concern for her, yet in
pain too at the knowledge that he cared for Aeka as deeply as he did
for her.

"Oh, Lord Tenchi! That’s *so* *sweet* of you!" Aeka teased
affectionately as she tightened her embrace, touched by the depth
of his feelings, yet also somewhat pensive as to how he meant it as
much for Ryoko as for herself.

Tenchi blinked again, then finally closed his eyes and gulped
nervously. The sensation was nice, no doubt, but if Aeka or Ryoko
suddenly decided they wanted to hug all of him at once…

A teardrop formed behind him.

====================================

This is *not* good.

His eyes were wide open, and were staring straight at only one
figure, the one that had just turned its back on the pool. It didn’t
matter that it was merely a bipedal beige-coloured blur with the
upper half of its back covered with verdant dark green shades. His
imagination was doing all the rest of the work for him, and seemed
to be working overtime on the fact that there seemed to be nothing
but pale flesh tones apart from the green. The mist from the water
vapour helped somewhat in obscuring the actual figure, but
unfortunately that only made the mental image more distinct to
make up for the visual lack.

Kiyone-chan…

Another warm droplet landed on his hand, and he subconsciously
substituted his other hand under his nose and rubbed the blood on
the current one off on the part of his bandage that was still above
water.

He shivered despite the warmth of the water, as the tremors of
desire ran through him, leaving white-hot streaks along his soul,
aching for fulfillment.

Stop *this* at once! He ordered. 

His libido gave him a thoughtful look, then decided to ignore him.

Close, damn you! He cried futilely at his eyes. 

Not possessing ears, they probably didn’t get the message.

Oh come on please… get a grip on yourself man!

Almost in sarcasm, another drop of blood landed in his hand.

====================================

Closing her eyes, she reached over under her arm to undo the
strap…

She was trembling with tension, and inside her all sorts of
conflicting messages were streaming across her synapses in
chaotic bundles of thought.

The door… it’s only two steps away… just grab my clothes and
bolt…

It’s nothing! He probably can’t even see you!

Washu, I *will* kill you!

I don’t *believe* I’m doing this!

Well you don’t *have* a choice…

Kiyone summoned all her will in an effort to quell her inner turmoil.

SILENCE!

Relief flowed through her as the cacophony ceased, though
probably for nothing else apart from surprise, while cold reason
rapidly seized the respite and contrived to fill the vacuum left
behind.

Bottomline - do I have to do this?

Erm… well… yes…

Well then let’s get it over with!!

Before the remaining facets within her could raise sufficient protest
to burst through the mental screen she had erected to shut them off,
her hands had slipped her remaining garments off as fast as they
possibly could. Kiyone whirled around, the mask of determination
on her scarlet face fading into an abashed but relieved expression
that twitched apprehensively as she made a low dive across the
tiled floor past the edge of the pool…

"Huh?" Mitsuki started as she surfaced, just managing to glimpse
the mass of swirling dark green hair bear down on her. "Whoa!" The
water before her erupted into sprays of droplets as Kiyone plunged
in.

====================================

Something told him he should be heaving a sigh of relief, but he
didn’t, or couldn’t.

Something told him he should be applauding Kiyone’s actions,
economical in terms of time spent getting into the water, and
therefore should have been sparing on his blood loss.

Trouble was that, despite it all, his eyes had been keenly attuned to
her throughout, and they had a knack of registering the swiftest
movements. If they hadn’t, he probably wouldn’t be here now.
Unfortunately, his sight also came inlaid with an innate ability to
visualise, so he could react to a suspected sudden threat first,
before actually registering what it was that had emerged.

These two keen faculties, otherwise so crucial to his survival,
unfortunately exacerbated his agitation very greatly.

He could almost see, in his mind’s eye, in that short moment as she
spun around and before she could dive low, her form and figure,
see them through and beneath the swirls and billows of her
luxuriant hair, white skin and rounded curves, in all her resplendent
glory…

Get back *back* *BACK*! He screamed at himself, willing his mind
away from what was almost sacrilegious defilement and intrusion,
at least to him, into the makings of the one that was holy in his heart
and being.

Have you no shame!! He cried. Stop it! I haven’t even seen her body
before, and I *shall* not until that the day she so consents …

Before his lustful eyes could focus properly on the mental picture, it
shattered apart like pieces of glass…

There! He told himself.

Only to reveal another identical picture behind…

DAMNED!

In a flash, *that* image caught fire and was quickly reduced to
ashes…

The one after that was ripped asunder by invisible hands, and the
one after that had a huge slab of stone fall out from nowhere to
cover it… unfortunately with another identical picture pasted on top
of it.

AAH! Stand back you!

Kova eradicated in succession, in every imaginable way he could
possibly think of, every image of the unclothed Kiyone that had
arisen from within him, in a desperate effort to force his lascivious,
slavering side away from the damsel he deemed he had to defend.

Back in the real world, the one hand under his nose already had five
drops of blood on it, and his pants were feeling rather tight, but he
was too lost in his internal struggle to notice it.

====================================

Heaven! Her mind swooned as the warmth enfolded her, caressing
her skin. And safe…

Her head broke the surface of the water, and a loud laugh of revived
pleasure escaped her lips, but she nevertheless kept her arms
folded tightly before her body.

"Wha…?" Mitsuki picked herself back up out of the water as her
colleague’s form toppled backwards gently.

Kiyone grinned at her. "Happy?" She laughed, somewhat
nervously, again, before leaning back against the edge of the pool,
and once she was sure she had balance, quickly crossed her legs
over one another, though as before her face simply refused to throw
off that red stain.

Oh but this *is* great! It *does* feel better than with a towel.

And he’s watching… and I’m completely…

SHUT UP!

Mitsuki watched as Kiyone contrived to curl even further in upon
herself, casting her emerald eyes around nervously.

"Ahehe…" she managed before Mitsuki’s piercing gaze. "I’m in
already, so… why don’t you just enjoy it? I’ll…" gulp. "…definitely
be staying around here for some time."

The brunette looked a little surprised, but she *did* adore this
bath… "Okay, then!" Then she gave a little chuckle of pleasure and
was making headway paddling along the bath towards the central
bowl.

As Mitsuki turned around, there was a soft growl before Washu felt
fingers close around her neck. There was a blur about her as the
hand jerked her off her feet, and next thing she knew she was
staring into blazing green eyes, not to mention an upraised fist that
looked rather eager to plunge itself into her face.

"Like the bath, Kiyone?" Washu smiled slyly, pink eyes twinkling as
she calmly continued to splash herself with water, even though her
feet could not touch the floor of the pool as she was being held up.

"Wwwwaaashhuuuu!!!!!" Fury emanated from Kiyone like warm
vapour from the pool, and she was obviously trying very hard to
keep her voice down. "You…!"

Washu winked at Kiyone. "Stop being such a prude, Kiyone."

"Huh?" The immense surprise at being winked at cheerfully by a
person faced with imminent oblivion was such that it penetrated
even the barrier of apoplexy that had risen about her.

"Come on, it’s not as if I don’t know about the two of you, right?"
Washu smiled, inclining her face slightly downwards away from the
Kiyone. "So how long will the two of you need in here after I leave,
huh?"

Kiyone’s eyes bulged out and the outraged expression temporarily
slipped back into embarrassment, while her blush flared again with
a vengeance. "What *are* you talking about?"

"Heh, don’t pretend, Kiyone…" Washu stared back, her gaze
meeting hers head on. "I know about the two of you, that you like
him and love him." She smiled almostly maternally to Kiyone,
despite the fact she was still being held up in her grip. "It’s only
natural to want to do this and that with him."

Kiyone felt the pressure build up within her, but her face only
became marginally redder as it was already pushing the limit.
"WASHU!"

"Don’t you?"

"I…" Kiyone felt her throat run dry. "…nothing’s sure for us yet."

"You don’t get it, do you?" Washu sounded as though she had just
been trying to explain an invention to Kiyone. "What *is* for sure is
that the two of you are together now." 

Kiyone’s face tilted down, and as she did she gently let Washu
down so the professor’s feet were on the tiled floor of the pool once
again.

She could see herself, sad and sombre green eyes reflected on the
surface of the water, misted somewhat through the vapour, and see
through past her transparent reflection to the floor below, as though
she were no more than like some kind of ghost. Whether her eyes
themselves shimmered and quivered with tears or whether it was
just the the gentle lull and ripples along the shining surface of the
water, she had no way of knowing. 

That is what we are, isn’t it? Mere transparent shells even against
the water, mere mortals against the universe. What is our joy will
pass in time. Who are we to try to change the course of the light, to
try to find that one perfect star in the endless darkness of the
universe? We are so small, so insignificant, how can a pebble
change the flow of a river?

It was a beautiful Kiyone she looked upon, with her long hair wet
and clinging to her skin, but also at once, running down into
darkened and chaotic swirls framed about her face, about the face
of a bereaved Kiyone, with dimming eyes that were losing their
lustre.

Better that we just live for here and now. I’ll have his arms around
me, and he’ll have me by his side, we will squeeze as much love as
we can out of the other, and who cares what comes after that? Hell, I
may just run from my old life and we’ll fly away forever into the skies
of space…

A hand landed on her bare shoulder.

"Huh?" She started up, not noticing amidst the warmth of the bath
the clear lines of liquid that crept over and down her cheeks, to land
amidst concentric ripples into the pool. Her reflection wavered
somewhat, but did not break its form.

"Kiyone." Unlike the other members of the Masaki household, the
speaker did not express her concern explicitly, but the tone of that
simple word told Kiyone she cared. Washu’s facade of mischief had
been, for the moment, utterly banished, and Kiyone thought she
could see, from deep within the depths of those piercing pink eyes,
a deep and all-encompassing sorrow. It had once threatened its
owner, so devastating it must have been, but now it bestowed on
the scientist an empathy so poignant and pure, no unblemished
heart could possibly exude in such intensity. "Countless have tried
and countless have failed." There was no telling for whom Washu
spoke for, or how long the period she was referring to, but there
was no doubt she herself had been one of them. "You will not try to
succeed, Kiyone." Her pink eyes caught fire, and Kiyone felt the
power emanate from within what, it was clearly apparent, was
merely a shell that seemed to be that of the child. "You *will*
succeed." The raw emotion and underlying anguish beneath the
veneer of strength, called out to her, gave her strength. It was
almost as if Washu herself lay in a grave, and was reaching for
Kiyone to take her place, to give her the will to succeed where she
herself had failed, to redeem her own sorrow.

There was a moment of silence.

"What happened, Washu?" Kiyone asked, gently.

"Huh?" The voice was already regaining its youthful sparkle, the
eyes had started to twinkle rather than blaze, and the grin was
forming up again, albeit with a touch of pain on it. "Heh, no need to
know." She continued washing herself, as though normally. "You’re
still young."

Kiyone licked her lips. "Why… why are you telling me this, Washu?"

"Well, no real reason." The professor was seemingly unconsciously
edging away, and she was no longer maintaining eye contact with
Kiyone. "Thought you might need some encouragement. And well,
it might just be interesting to see someone break the mould." She
smirked slightly. "Though I must wonder, *why* did you have to
choose *him*?" There was still a hint of distaste in her voice, but
then again it might only have been that of mild surprise. "Mihoshi,
maybe, but of all people, it had to be *you*. Heh, guess we all have
to let it out sometimes." 

Kiyone’s face, which had let its blush fade away with her earlier
despair, now bloomed rose again, but only faintly so. The waters
were soothing her, calming her, and she no longer felt the desperate
urge to flee from the bath or snatch a towel so keenly now. She
closed her eyes and tried to lead her mind elsewhere. 

I wonder where he is…

She folded her arms back in front of her chest at the thought, and
cast her eyes around the pool.

There were some distant sighs of joy as Mitsuki washed herself
under the bowl in the centre of the bath, bathing in the descending,
gentle curtain of water…

Then there is only one other place, so it must be…

"The waterfall at the far end." Washu was peering curiously at the
green haired detective, with her eyes roving around in a searching
manner, it was not difficult to deduce what was on her mind. 

"I know." She murmured, a little crossly. It was bad enough Washu
had taken all the towels, and now the scientist was intruding into
her thoughts. At least the rock wall that served as a background to
the fountain was rather dark in colour, and the base of the watery
curtain churned the otherwise clear water into an opaque froth, so
one had to be fairly close to even ascertain if there was anyone
there…

As if on cue, Mitsuki decided she’d leave the central fountain and
gently swam away from the bowl to approach the further side of the
pool.

"Heh, well I was just thinking, what kind of view is he having back
there…" the professor insinuated wickedly.

Kiyone’s eyes widened as she suddenly realised that Mitsuki was
much closer to the back than she herself was, and was, given the
brunette’s current disposition, occasionally splashing about,
swimming or soaking herself, but generally moving about while
standing up to her stomach in water.

And no doubt, providing a rather excellently and enticingly
entrancing view to whoever was hiding under the flow of water from
the fountain at the outcropping.

NO! He wouldn’t *do* that! He *loves* me!

But she couldn’t help herself, stop herself from almost imagining
him staring with wide, hungry, open eyes at what must look like to
most, if not all, men, a delectable, luscious, and best of all, blissfully
unsuspecting morsel…

Washu chuckled somewhat to herself as there was a rush of water
by her and Kiyone suddenly pushed off, swimming forward with
some kind of desperate alarm and jealousy, towards Mitsuki’s
direction and the back of the pool. From the look she had glimpsed
on her face, Washu doubted if Kiyone was even thinking clearly in
that instant she moved off.

It was at least four seconds before Kiyone’s natural reasoning
finally managed to get in a line between the twin engines of fear and
jealousy, and in the process asking a rather crucial question.

What the *hell* do YOU think you’re *DOING*!?

I… am swimming towards the back…

Kiyone froze, already almost a third of the way towards the pool.

So!? Let me guess - you want to give him a better view so he’ll stop
looking at Mitsuki and look at you instead!? Is that it!?

Watching her from behind as she stopped, Washu would have burst
out laughing, except that she quickly covered her mouth and
pushed herself down so only her nose was above water, and even
then she nearly gulped down a mouthful.

Kiyone stared, standing stockstill in the water. Mitsuki, oblivious to
her colleague’s tortured turmoil and thoroughly enjoying herself in
the exploration of the bath, hummed to herself as she leisurely
frisked her way across to the back, heading to where the stream of
water burst from the rock face to cascade into the pool, sending
splashes of water up now and then and cooing in delight as she
relished the comforting, reviving warmth of the bath.

It was only when Mitsuki crossed her vision again, within four
metres of the fountain, that Kiyone suddenly realised…

*DAMNIT* she’s *GOING* there!

"MITSUKI!!!" Her voice called out rather more urgently than was
proper.

"Huh?" The brunette turned around, standing straight up, head half
turned to her.

Kiyone nearly sobbed in relief, but the feeling was instantly
obliterated as she imagined how Mitsuki must look like in that pose
from what was ostensibly Kova’s hiding place.

"Erm, we need to talk…"

"Later, Kiyone!" Mitsuki laughed it off. 

"Come over here! Right *NOW*!" She screamed

"Well, if it’s really urgent, you can come over here then, and the
water up ahead looks *really* cool!"

"Uhhh… no thanks," Kiyone uttered sheepishly at the thought, a
sweatdrop forming off her head. 

Oh no too late why did I say that!?

"Suit yourself!" Mitsuki laughed, and leaped out of the water, diving
straight at the fountain.

An image assaulted Kiyone, flitting across her mind’s eye, a grim
reminder of what might happen, where there was a flash of cerulean
from within the watery curtain, before Mitsuki tumbled down into
two lifeless, bloodied halves.

NO!

The scene dissolved, and this time as Mitsuki sailed through the air,
she could hear sinister, lustful laughter, and eager hands reached
out from the water to seize Mitsuki. She could almost see Kova, his
face twisted into a visage of salaciousness, his blue eyes looking
disdainfully at her as he drew the screaming Mitsuki to him.

A sharp pain pierced through her being, breaking her frightful
visions, but nevertheless there was Mitsuki all right, still happily in
transit to the fountain, towards Kova…

====================================

Ryoko was still laughing to herself, and Aeka’s face still framed with
a wry smile, when they let go to look at him. 

Tenchi stared back, still half in shock. "So… I guess… you both
forgive me?" He asked plaintively. "And… no more fighting…?"

Aeka and Ryoko took one look at his still doubtful expression,
clouded with uncertain fear and nervousness, then as one burst out
into gales of merriment.

Great, *now* what did I do?

Another sweatdrop formed on his head as he watched, and his
hand unconsciously went up to scratch his head, before he
remembered what …

"Erm… so Ryoko, exactly what happened?" Tenchi pressed, trying
to forget how stupid he felt in front of the two of them.

Aeka, hearing the serious tone in his voice, ceased laughing, trying
to think rationally and to ease the slight ache deep within at hearing
him admit once again, his concern for her rival.

If Tenchi wants to know, it’s not right to keep him in the dark… after
all, this is his house and his life… we’re only guests here.

Ryoko seemed not to have heard, and continued laughing, but Aeka
sensed she had heard Tenchi clearly as well, and the gaiety was
bleeding out of her even as she feigned deafness. 

Tenchi caught the muted, serious look in Aeka’s eyes, and turned to
regard her. "Aeka, will you tell me what happened?"

"If you really want to know, we won’t keep it from you, Tenchi,"
Aeka reluctantly replied. 

Abruptly, the corridor was silent, as Ryoko suddenly got to her feet,
her amber eyes darting from Aeka to Tenchi, who had started in
surprise as she got up. "Whatever it is, just remember, Tenchi, it’s
been taken care of and it’s all over with now."

Tenchi felt funny as he sensed Ryoko’s gaze bearing into his,
exuding a certain form of apprehension but also concern, but
nevertheless, he stood firm. "That’s fine, Ryoko. I just want to know
what happened, why you’re hurt, and if you’re feeling okay."

Although outwardly unruffled, Aeka flinched inwardly, but refrained
from commenting. Ryoko gave her a quick sidewards glance, and
Aeka nodded, a little pensively.

"Well Tenchi, Nagi paid us a visit just now." Ryoko mumbled. 

"What!?" Tenchi exclaimed in utter surprise, for from the way Aeka
and Ryoko had been looking at each other, he presumed it was
something they did that they were reluctant to tell Tenchi about.

"And well, this little thing…" Ryoko pointed at the gash as though it
were nothing more than a little streak of red painted across her skin.
"… was one of her presents." She give a nervous grin. "So huh,
yeah that’s about it…"

"Wait, wait, wait…" Tenchi tried to readjust his mind to this new
piece of information. It seemed that with all the recent surprises and
distortions that warped his already abnormal life, he had had to do a
lot of it lately. "Wait a minute… You’re telling me Nagi came by and
fought you? What for? I thought we annulled your bounty, at least in
Jurai!"

Aeka stepped in at this point. "Nagi doesn’t care for the money,
Tenchi. She was here to get Ryoko’s head." Her voice was sombre
and solemn.

"But… so you fought her off?"

Ryoko and Aeka looked at each other once again. 

"Erm… do you really want to hear it all?" Aeka asked, uncertain.

"Yes. As long as it concerns…" Tenchi bit back the name Ryoko.
"…both of you, I think I ought to know. Everything." He saw them
gave one another a questioning look. "Especially if it involves me."

"Well, go ahead then…" Aeka nodded to Ryoko.

Hesitantly, reluctantly, Ryoko continued. "Well, you see Tenchi, she
had Ken-oh-ki aiming his ship cannons here, and she had taken
Ryo-oh-ki, so I had to stand and fight." She paused a while. Much as
it was part of her nature to fight to the end, it was also hard of her to
accept that she had been practically defeated and had been saved
only by Aeka’s intercession… "I tried, really… but sometimes things
just happen and so…" She tried to hide her discomfiture at openly
admitting before a third party, even Tenchi, that she owed Aeka,
unsuccessfully. "Lucky for me, Aeka decided to lend me a hand, or I
might not be here talking to you now…" Her voice trembled at the
thought of never seeing Tenchi ever again.

To Tenchi’s credit, and the surprise of both girls, he did not regard
Aeka with any kind of surprise, although he knew very well that just
before the said event they would probably have gone for each
other’s throats if not for his being there. All he did was smile at her,
as if he knew it would be just like her to do that, and although it
seemed he knew it was something he could take for granted, he
was nonetheless still immensely proud to have Aeka as something
more than a friend.

The princess lowered her face, blushing somewhat in pleasure, but,
unseen by Tenchi, Ryoko winced.

"Please continue," Tenchi turned back to Ryoko, looking grave
once more.

Ryoko licked her lips, trying to forget the pain she felt the instant
Tenchi had smiled at Aeka. "While Aeka kept Nagi busy, I teleported
back here and got Washu to set up a shield for Ken-oh-ki’s lasers.
She then did a scan for Ryo-oh-ki, which happened to be on Nagi,
so I went back." Here she paused. "I don’t know what Aeka did, but
she was giving some kind of promise or something to Nagi, so long
as Nagi left me alone."

Tenchi’s eyes widened in surprise, at what Aeka did, but he kept
quiet to listen. Something in the back of his mind told him he should
be more concerned about his house being shot at, but he ignored it.
The old Tenchi would have instantly made a big hoo-ha about
nearly being blown up in the middle of the night by a space ship
while he was asleep in his home, but after all the recent events,
especially those on board the Comet, he was somewhat surprised
to find he shrugged it off as naturally as perhaps Katsuhito might.

Ryoko continued. "Nagi returned Ryo-oh-ki, called Ken-oh-ki off,
and left us…" She brightened up at the thought. "So you see,
Tenchi, it’s all settled and you don’t need to worry!" But she knew it
was a lie that even she herself did not believe.

Tenchi arched and eyebrow. "Oh, really?" His gaze shifted to Aeka.
"So, how did you get Nagi to back off, Aeka?" He still remembered
the bounty hunter had practically ploughed through at least three
squadrons of Juraian ships just to *ensure* no one else got to
Ryoko first.

I wonder… he couldn’t help but think. Did she feel betrayed when,
after helping us and letting Ryoko off, Ryoko’s bounty and crimes
committed within Juraian territory were all annulled?

What am I doing thinking like this!? She nearly killed me back then
before and on Venus, as well as just a short while ago!

Suddenly he blinked, as he recovered himself, and saw Aeka and
Ryoko giving him a curious look. Aeka gave a slight huff before she
saw that his attention had returned. 

"She’s not here for Ryoko alone, apparently. She’s here looking for
someone else too, and I believe the bounty is quite substantial."

"So what did you promise her?" Tenchi could not help being a little
apprehensive, for Nagi was not one of those who turned away
lightly.

Aeka looked a little reluctant, but Tenchi’s worried look decided her
against keeping him in the dark. "Well, I promised that I would do my
best to help her capture her other bounty. Provided she asks for our
help and I keep to my side of the bargain, she will never disturb
Ryoko again."

Ryoko snorted. "If I know anything about Nagi, she won’t be that
willing to ask for help, she’s just keeping her options open. So we
had better be ready for her next time."

Tenchi blinked, and though he tried to hold on to his misgivings to
bring them into light, they suddenly evaporated from his mind,
slipping away like sand through a sieve.

"Tenchi?" Aeka and Ryoko asked, seeing him perplexed and
uneasy.

"I’m fine, just that… something feels wrong, like we’re missing
something…"

"Relax, Tenchi." Ryoko murmured, edging closer. "Maybe you
should go to bed." Aeka’s form slipped out of her line of sight, and
she temporarily forgot herself. "Maybe *we* should go to bed." Her
sultry voice was almost a purr, and her eyes twinkled with
mischief… "I could get you to relax, hmm?"

Aeka clenched her fists into a ball, and was just about to …

"Ryoko!"

Aeka blinked at the sound of Tenchi’s voice.

"Please… don’t do that! Aeka’s here…" He cried, sounding nervous
but also somewhat angry, and Ryoko’s eyes swivelled to look at
Aeka.

"Er… Ooops, princess, heh sorry about that…" She stepped back
from Tenchi, looking almost sheepish. "I just kinda forgot, so if you
don’t mind, could we just pretend this never happened?"

The purple haired princess stared hard at Ryoko, and she tried to
fight down her annoyance. From the bath, she knew it was likely
Ryoko meant her apology in all honesty, but still the way she put it
across was so offensive and trite, as though it were something she
were saying for Tenchi to hear rather than for Aeka, something
trivial and unimportant, and that made it so difficult for Aeka *not* to
be annoyed even at the apology and feel even more like like
screaming…

"Aeka, please…" Tenchi murmured, stepping towards her, and with
some effort, she managed not to. Her rationality returning, it was
with some surprise that Aeka realised Ryoko was also looking on
her reaction with some form of apprehension.

"Fine, then." The princess answered, drawing herself up with some
kind of dignity. "Forgiven, but not forgotten." 

"Oh, hi again! Kinda late to be still up, don’t you think?" Tenchi,
Aeka and Ryoko turned around, only to see Seion emerge from the
bath. The Operative smiled cheerfully at them, a smile that looked
even more ludicrous given that he was wearing one of Tenchi’s
pants, which came only halfway down his calves, and though it was
baggy for the boy, it hugged his limbs tightly, almost as though it
were skintight. "Sorry about it, but this thing just won’t do for me."
He threw Tenchi’s shirt back at him, and the boy almost
absent-mindedly caught it.

Aeka was the first to look away, her face blushing. Ryoko continued
looking, eyes wide. Sidling up beside Aeka… "Well what do you
think!? Nice bod huh?" They had seen half of Seion’s body before,
but at the time he had been tired, half robed, dripping, and decked,
while they had been rather distracted, but now as he emerged from
his bath, freshness and energy simply exuded from him.

Seion glanced at Aeka and Ryoko side by side, then winked at
Tenchi. "Hey Tenchi, haven’t you started in for the night yet? From
the looks of things, looks like you ain’t gonna get much rest
tonight."

Tenchi blinked, his face turning crimson as Seion laughed at the
boy’s discomfiture.

"Hmm, so where’s Kiyone?" He looked around. "It’s her turn you
know."

"Well, she and Mitsuki they um… they’re in the women’s bath."

"Oh, and where might that be…?"

"Well, I’m not sure how to explain this, let me think on it a bit…"

"Okay," Seion answered cheerily. "And while you’re at it, care to
show me a room?"

====================================

Mitsuki laughed pleasantly as her form broke through behind the
stream of water. "All right!"

Kiyone stood, eyes staring, watching in astonishment as Mitsuki,
her face full of pleasure, emerged from behind the fall, while her
mind continued groping around in confusion…

Where… *what* is going on!?

A sinking realisation descended on her gently as a feather, and
struck her like a thunderbolt.

"…" Strangled choking gasps arose from her throat, her face once
again burning bright crimson, and ever so agonisingly slowly, with
her entire body quivering with tension and apprehension, dappled
with excitement and thrill as she felt her pulse race, she turned her
head about seventy dregrees to her left to stare at the central
fountain.

Even through the watery screen that separated the two of them, her
tremulous emerald eyes locked onto his quivering sapphires, and
she could make out the shape of his head and shoulders behind the
stream of water, sitting in the pool, with his back to the base of the
bowl, that was between him and Mitsuki.

In that fraction of a second, she could see that his entire face was as
red as hers, and his gaze was guilty yet deferential, frightened yet
awestruck. He too could see in her outraged and bewildered face,
the barest flicker of arousal and joy as she was so admired…

There was a splash as Kiyone threw herself away from him
sideways into the water, letting out a muffled scream as she went
underwater, her arms covering her body protectively, and her legs
twining together, even as his hands flew up to his own face to cut
off his own cry and cover his wretched eyes as he turned himself
away from her direction.

Washu, unable to control herself at the sight, burst out into another
peal of laughter.

"What’s going on?" Mitsuki turned around at the commotion.
Kiyone let her body remain underwater, as her eyes darted
nervously from Mitsuki to somewhere else, too distraught to reply.
Mitsuki followed her gaze and saw it led to the central fountain, but
as far as she could tell, there was no one anywhere near it.

Washu rapidly recovered from her fit of mirth. "Nah, just a private
joke. Right, Kiyone?" She smiled. Kiyone nodded, face red and with
her hands still hugging herself tightly.

"Oh," replied Mitsuki, then seeing nothing was really addressed to
her, went back to enjoying herself at the fountain.

Kova, leaning against the base on the side away from Mitsuki and
facing Washu, heaved a deep sigh of relief. "Kiyone-chan?" He
whispered nervously, still gripping his head in his hands and
covering his eyes, but she could not hear due to the tumult within
her, the distance between them, as well as the sound of water
cascading into the pool.

Washu smiled, taking pity on the two, clearly desperate to
communicate yet equally unwilling to even approach each other.
Even Kova, of whom she still was somewhat wary, looked so
pathetic she could not help but be reminded of Tenchi. "Well,
Kiyone, if you don’t want to talk, we might not get a chance to later,"
she called out.

Kova mentally thanked Washu yet again, but outwardly appeared
unmoved, as Kiyone’s eyes widened, hearing implicit message in
Washu’s words. However…

I *can’t* go near him like this!! I simply *can’t*.

"Erm… Washu?" Kiyone asked. "How was it you said I was to get to
the rendezvous?" 

God I can’t believe I am saying this… my face is still burning how the
hell do I think so clearly?

"Well, you could try to lie low and keep your head down," Washu
suggested, a wry smile on her face. "Anyway I don’t think he will be
too wary, after all he doesn’t have his eyes open or expects you to
drop by again." She grinned.

Kova restrained the impulse to applaud her masterfully veiled
suggestions, and forced his hands to continue pressing very tightly
to his face, while mentally praising the name of Washu. He was only
too aware if she so desired it could have been utter hell for him and
Kiyone, and at this particular moment was extremely gratified that
apparently he had Washu as a friend rather than a foe.

Kiyone mentally wrestled with herself… she couldn’t see Kova
clearly, and all she could make out was that his figure was hunched
forward and very tense, with his face seemingly buried in his
hands… about him not looking, she could only take Washu’s word
for it, something she was not that anxious to do, especially given
Washu’s latest vibes and manipulations on her.

But she can’t see him clearly either, can she? After all I’m closer to
where he is…

Well, then. Do I trust *him*?

I’ll have to, then… and besides… 

Her face contorted in a vicious grimace of vindictiveness. 

If he doesn’t… I’ll just have to show him exactly what I think of him
doing that…

Several of Washu’s devices that she had glimpsed in the lab, most
of which had been, unknown to Kiyone, used on Tenchi at one
point or another, featured largely in her mind at this particular
moment.

Something in her was comforted at the idea of having someone or
something she could definitely pay back fully after this was over,
possibly with interest, but herself being Kiyone, she refused to
admit to herself that this trait was a subtle part of her psychological
make-up…

Mitsuki frowned, as she observed them while feeling the water
spray her back and wash over her skin. She was absolutely certain
something fishy was going on, but it just didn’t make sense, what
*could* they be talking about? And of all places, here in the bath…
something was fishy…

"Erm… okay…" Kiyone murmured in reply, then rather than making
for Washu, she carefully, cautiously half swam her way to the
bronzed fountain bowl in the centre of the bath, taking pains to keep
her hands before her chest and ensure every part of her body,
except her head, was underwater.

Mitsuki hummed to herself, pretending to be preoccupied with
relaxing, but her eyes were surreptitiously following Kiyone’s odd,
almost stealthy movements, especially given that her colleague’s
face, the only visible part of her, was totally scarlet once again, and
stuck out like a sore thumb against the light blue surface of water.

Kiyone continued, repeating to herself, he isn’t, he isn’t looking at
me… 

But there was no way of knowing for sure… 

Then her head passed under the watery screen, and she was under
the bowl… She could see him, sitting up to his chest in the water,
leaning against the base of the bowl’s foundation, his face averted
and eyes covered by his hands, long strands of blue hair glistening
with water, straggling about the collars of his white long sleeved
shirt. She could make out his physique beneath the wet white fabric,
and there was a hole in the left shoulder of the shirt, where
someone, ostensibly himself, had torn a hole, and there she could
see were what looked like various spots of blood upon the dressing
she had put on him earlier that night.

"Are you all right?" She asked, her concern for propriety
evaporating in the light of seeing fresh blood upon him, as well as
with the knowledge he was not ogling at her.

"Kiyone-chan?" He whispered, but he did not turn to face her, his
voice hoarse and at once glad and fearful, almost reminiscent of the
time he had appeared in the window of her apartment, only that this
time it was also tinged with guilt and a lot more fear. "That you?"

"Yes… how did you get that blood on your dressing?" 

The direction of her voice told him she was close by, slightly over a
metre away only, and that her head was about level with his.

"I’m fine, I suppose…" A touch of mirth crept into his otherwise
tense speech. "A nosebleed is a small price to pay for seeing
beautiful ladies in the nude..."

Kiyone felt her face turn redder, and something in her bridled.

He continued. "Or rather… for seeing *one* beautiful lady in the
nude…"

If it were anywhere else, Kiyone would have shouted ‘Kova-chan!’
and hit him in some way or another, but for now all she could do
was try to fight down the blush and embarrassment. "How did you
get here from the fountain at the back?"

"What?" He asked, feigning astonishment. "You mean you don’t
want to hear how utterly delicious that red-headed cop friend of
yours looked?"

"Stop being such a pig!" She retorted, partially out of amusement
but mostly out of irritation at his disconcerting coolness. "Don’t you
ever take anything seriously!?"

"I take you seriously." He replied. "And I’d especially like to take
*you* seriously *now*…" He shifted slightly in her direction, and
laughed softly as the swirl and movement of water told him Kiyone
had recoiled back from him. 

"Kova-chan!" It was almost inevitable, the cry escaped her lips
before she could even actually think about it, almost an automatic
reaction, but thankfully it was rather muted.

"Well, provided I’m feeling accurately how the tide flows, if I make a
sudden dive you’re still well within tackling range." He shifted his
hands aside, so that though they remained over his eyes, she could
see the grin on his face. "How would you like that?"

Yes how would I…?

What the *hell* am I doing considering *that*!?

Thus she almost screamed when suddenly his hands left his face
and his body curled up out of the water as he stood up, poised as if
to pounce on her… only his eyes were still closed tightly. 

In that instant, there was nothing Kiyone had ever hated and adored
more than his expression of composed tumult, serene thrill, blissful
fear and sober mirth.

It’s *not* fair! Why *is* he always so composed, and I the one taken
by surprise?

Her eyes narrowed.

It’s Kova-chan… Yeah, why can’t I…?

And she made her move as he lowered his arms.

YOU’RE INSANE! The other side of her cried out, but already it was
too late… Her shoulders rose up partially out of the water to meet
his lowering hands.

She watched as Kova froze, his fingers encountering moist, smooth
skin of her shoulders, and continued watching with thrill as the
blood rushed into the face above hers. There was a strangled gasp,
as with a visible effort he struggled to keep his eyes shut, and his
hands recoiled off her shoulders like they had touched hot iron, but
she let herself rise slightly more out of the water before him, feeling
the fingers touch her shoulder again, sending sparks of thrill down
along her back, racing through her blood and accelerating her
pulse…

GET AWAY! The Kiyone inside tried to make herself heard.

She watched, transfixed with some kind of awed relish as his facial
tint turned through various deepening hues of scarlet, his eyelids
pressed hard together, his mouth opening as if to scream but not
making a sound, his entire body tense and his trembling fingers
flushing hot and cold to her touch…

She grinned wickedly, basking in his discomfiture. Heh, so how do
*you* like being caught off balance… but oh this feels *good.* 

WHAT ARE YOU DOING!? YOU’RE NAKED FOR GOD SAKES!

Tremors of thrilling terror took her as she realised what a position
she had put herself in… if his eyes sprang open or his hands
started roving downwards, she didn’t know what she’d do…

His entire body tingling, Kova gripped her shoulders firmly, almost
as though he were telling his fingers not to let go of her, and he took
a deep breath. She could feel him, fighting to stem the tide of
hormones raging and surging within.

Still not opening his eyes, he gently, as though in a dream, almost
inexorably, pulled her close to him, and Kiyone felt her body tremble
despite herself. But rather than pull her out of the water, he lowered
himself back down…

"Kova-chan?" She queried, excitement colouring her voice as his
lips drew near…

"Heh, Mitsuki!" A cheery lilting, voice announced behind her,
coming from *way* too close. Kiyone’s eyes opened wide as she
turned to glimpse Washu barely three metres diagonally behind her,
greeting someone who was coming in from the back of the pool.
"Glad to see you like this place!"

OHSHIT!

Without thinking, or even looking back at Kova, Kiyone’s right hand
shot up to on top of his head and, as the swing of her foot
underwater swept his legs out from under him, pushed his head
down even as she stood up and stepped so she had her back faced
to the right side of the pool…

"Kiyone?" Mitsuki blinked, as her head passed through the watery
screen to peer under the fountain, but all that met her eyes was
Kiyone, bare back faced to her, looking over her right shoulder at
her, her right hand presumably preoccupied with some kind of
washing in front.

"Yes, Mitsuki?" She asked, her honeyed tones masking her
tremulous words. 

Her brows furrowed. "I had a hunch…" Then she shook her head.

Kiyone’s face was already turning almost purple although her mind
was working rather hard, and to its credit successfully, at
preventing the thought from sinking in. "Hunch?" Chanelling more
mental resources into keeping the horrible realisation at bay, she
temporarily lost her capacity for forming complete sentences.

"No, never mind… what was it you and Washu were talking about?"

"Washu? Ask."

"Huh!?"

"Ask." And with a visible effort of thought. "Washu."

"Did I hear someone call my name?" The scientist asked cheerfully.
"Just come over here and I’ll tell you what you need to know."

Mitsuki looked puzzled, but given that Kiyone looked rather
ordinary, albeit a little inert, and that she was curious to how Kiyone
made contact with their quarry, Mitsuki gave a quick last glance and
made for Washu.

If Kiyone had the capacity to sigh with relief, she would have, but
she didn’t, so she did not. 

Like a person waking up from an utterly bewildering nightmare or
dream, she turned slowly around. There was no struggle in the
water in front of her, the resistance that had been offered as she
pushed his head down to just above the level of the water had
ceased almost instantaneously, and she very hesitantly, her mind a
complete blank, looked down.

Kova’s chin was just touching the water’s surface, with a hand
clapped over his mouth and nose, and though it seemed to be
placed rather than pressed there, Kiyone could make out what
looked like a trickle of red forcing itself out from between his fourth
and fifth fingers, while a little blood was seeping through the base of
his hand. His blue eyes were wide and staring straight ahead,
looking unfocused and distant, and rather than actually looking at
her body, seemed to be looking through her. This trait and that he
was totally immobile and unmoving, made it only too easy to
mistake him for a corpse if his face were pale rather than, as it were,
flushed scarlet.

Kiyone had little, if any time to be distraught, as another thought
struck her.

If Mitsuki turns around from talking to Washu, I’m dead.

====================================

Help… oh god help…

DON’T FOCUS! DON’T FOCUS!

It had been only natural for him to open his eyes the instant he
heard Washu warn them, after all it was one thing to close his eyes
before Kiyone and another to close his eyes before someone else
that might try to kill him. Unfortunately for him the last thing he
anticipated was Kiyone’s reaction.

Warm sticky moisture clung to his right hand, but his eyes occupied
most of his attention, and the continued command *NOT* to let his
glazed vision focus or start roving around was similarly occupying
much of his will.

Something smacked into his face, mercifully closing off his sight
into a screen of blackness, and he felt the tension in the hand relax
as its owner felt his eyes close beneath it, even as his mental
faculties returned to almost their full potential.

"Get ba…" The hissed words, full of angry outrage were barely out
of her mouth before he stepped sideways into the portal underwater
his left hand had opened beside his left leg…

He emerged back in the hollow where he had originally hid, under
the waterfall at the far end of the pool.

Ahhh… safe…safe…

His right hand left his face, and he breathed the warm air hungrily,
while his hand’s miniature reservoir splattered somewhat as he
rubbed it off on his bandage. This in turn was soaked rather badly,
as it had been submerged when Kiyone pushed him down, but he
couldn’t be bothered with that. Having recovered his breath, he
splashed some water on his face, and carefully cleaned the blood
off, taking care that most of it came off onto his hand rather than
drip into the pool. Then, closing his eyes in fatigue, he leaned back
against the rocky surface and gave a sigh of weary relief, trying to
slow his furiously pounding heart.

That’s over with… thank heavens… 

His brows furrowed and his eyes opened to stare blankly at the
stream of warm water shooting out over his head.

*WHY* did she do that!? A voice screamed in his head.

If a part of anyone’s mind could roll its eyes, the part of his that
retorted would have.

Hey, am I reading you wrong, or you just nuts? You’re complaining
when the lady of your dreams has just placed herself naked into
your arms?

Well, she shouldn’t have done *that*! That was *crazy* to do that
back there!

Heh, but you’re still standing, she’s still soaking and Mitsuki still
hasn’t seen you, seems pretty okay to me, you get my drift?

But… but… that’s not the point! That was *insane!*

Well, you want to know what I see? I think you’re upset about being
taken by surprise like that.

Yeah, well, so what if I am? He retorted.

Look, she loves you enough to put her propriety on hold just so you
aren’t seen…

But… *DAMNIT* does she know how I feel about *that*!? What if I
had…!?

The other side of him frowned, before letting loose a stinging
reminder.

Because she *trusts* you. While you, on the other hand, are being a
god awful ungrateful bastard towards someone who loves you that
much and has that much goodwill for you.

Kova bridled, fought down his anger, then took a deep breath.

Yeah, she must have meant it for the best, I suppose.

Heaving a sigh as he exhaled, he lowered his eyes too look out over
in front. Mitsuki and Washu were dragging a seemingly limp and
lifeless Kiyone out from under the fountain. From the look on
Washu’s face, she was giving some form of lighthearted excuse,
that would be undoubtedly plausible, but nevertheless still not
readily accepted by Mitsuki, who looked suspicious still.

Poor Kiyone-chan. It must have been hard on her too.

Guilt welled up within him, as he thought about all that she had been
through just this one night, and while it certainly had not been that
easy for him, it must have been many times worse for her.

Casting his gaze out again, he saw that the group had moved to the
furthest side of the pool, that Kiyone had been revived, and was
apparently watching with interest, likely feigned, as Washu told
Mitsuki various things.

Not for the first time did he marvel at her immense strength of
character and ability to recover, but never so keenly as now. While
he had no doubts of his own fortitude, the knowledge that she was
as strong, if not stronger than himself, blossomed and bloomed in
his heart like a homely flower, danced like the flames in a homely
fireplace, comforting him with its radiance and warming his entire
being, with the certain affirmation that she was truly the soulmate he
had been dreaming of for so long, even though she was an agent
for rather than against the law.

Maybe, just maybe, I saw this, and more, when I first looked upon
your face.

The photograph he saw on board the Yagami flashed in his mind,
and he smiled, tenderly, gratefully, and with a mild touch of
wistfulness, as he watched her distant, blurred and misted form…

Thus I count my blessings. Thank you, Kiyone-chan.

====================================

"How long have you known Kiyone and Mihoshi, Tenchi?" Seion
asked, as Tenchi showed him the way. The pair looked odd, almost
lopsided, with Seion practically a foot taller than Tenchi.

"Oh, it’s been a while. I guess about a year, maybe?" Tenchi looked
ahead where they were going. "Mind you this is not exactly a guest
room, those quarters…"

"Trust me, I’ve slept through some really bad places." Seion
cracked his knuckles. "Usually only after putting others to sleep
first."

Tenchi took a look at the size of his fists, and pressed his lips
together nervously.

"Just so long as I am reasonably far from Mitsuki, it will be fine." He
said. "Do me a favour, willya? Could you see her back to Kiyone
and Mihoshi’s apartment? I’m sure she’d be at least as happy as me
to oblige."

"Erm, sure…" Tenchi replied. It didn’t seem right to pry into others’
affairs, so he judiciously kept quiet. As they passed by Mihoshi’s
room, Seion gave a wry smile, for the sight of it returned him to his
previous topic.

"What are they like, Tenchi? What do you know about Kiyone and
Mihoshi?" He asked, his voice oddly gentle again. "What do they
like? What’s their favourite food?"

"Well, from what I know they seem to…" Tenchi’s mind stumbled
around a little bit, as it suddenly struck him that although he had
known the two Galaxy Police Officers for over a year, he had little, if
any idea, what their likes and dislikes were. "Well, Mihoshi likes
eating a *lot*, and Kiyone basically likes good food too, especially
Sasami’s. I get the feeling everyone around here simply loves
Karaoke, except maybe me…"

"Karaoke?" Seion asked. "What’s that?"

"Huh? Oh… just a simple machine, they play a song then you take a
microphone and sing according to the tunes and the words on the
television. Sometimes when they feel like it they get a score up to
see how well you sing."

"Oh, that." He had occasionally remembered dropping by to see
some of his friends singing, but it never occurred to him to join in,
ask what it was or when it would be his turn to sing. Generally not
one for music, he usually just preferred drinking and laughing while
he was off duty, occasionally a fling when there was someone
willng and nice enough, but the only time he dimly remembered
singing off someone else’s shoulder was when he was drunk, and
those occasions had lessened as he grew older. "So that’s what it’s
called."

"Oh well, this is the only spare room we have left," Tenchi said as he
opened the room just off Mihoshi’s. Seion looked around at the
cramped quarters. There was a futon on the floor and just enough
space to put a small table in the middle of the room, there was a fan,
a rolled up futon in the corner, and the window seemed pretty okay,
large compared to the room but decent…

"Yeah, thanks. Will do…"

"Anything I can do to make you more comfortable?" Tenchi asked,
out of common courtesy.

Wait a minute! This is *my* house! Why do I always act like I’m some
kind of hotel bellboy!? Especially when I don’t even think I like
having even more people from outer space dropping by here!?

You’re just too nice, Tenchi… Aeka and Ryoko’s voices laughed at
him from a corner of his mind.

"Sure!" Seion replied cheerily, taking Tenchi’s words at face value.
"Ya mind staying here and telling me more about Kiyone and
Mihoshi?" 

Tenchi blinked in surprise. "Uh, sure." Something about the
gregarious Operative drew Tenchi to him… "Glad to help!"

You’re doing it again!

"But I don’t have much time more," Tenchi reminded. "Ryoko and
Aeka…"

"Oh don’t worry about them," Seion’s eyes twinkled. "Once we’re
done I could give you some tips on how to keep them *happy*, so
they ain’t gonna mind you staying here a while."

Urk… oh no not again.

Seion ignored Tenchi’s look of dread. "So what else about Kiyone
and Mihoshi?"

"Well, Mihoshi can get a little silly at times," he winced as he
remembered during their adventures in Space, when the bar they
had set up to earn money exploded in a blaze of orange flame
behind them because Mihoshi had turned the gas up instead of
down. "She tends to overlook things."

"Well, I can take care of that," Seion beamed. "And I’ll bet she’s
smart though, in some ways." He still felt somehow that Mihoshi
*had* been right when she told Seion and Mitsuki not to follow after
Kiyone when she had left the apartment.

"Can’t say I’ve noticed." Tenchi answered drily, as he thought about
what Mihoshi had said that night in Washu’s lab. "Say, what is it
about you and Mihoshi?"

"Oh me and Mihoshi?" Seion’s face a little too blank. "Uh, nothing…
we just kinda met and I think she’s kinda cute…" His voice died
under Tenchi’s withering gaze. "Oh, okay, make that cute." Tenchi
didn’t let up. "Alright I admit it, she’s *very* cute…"

Tenchi rolled his eyes. "I mean, does she like you?"

"You know, I ain’t too sure about that," Seion mumbled, voicing a
thought which disturbed him all the more immensely now he had
admitted it. From past experiences, given his good looks and hot
body, he was rather well received by ladies, although he took care
to pick those who would not be overtly affected by him. Generally
when he wasn’t well received, he at least knew where he stood with
the person. Take Mitsuki for example, they both knew the intense
dislike was mutual almost right from the start. Sadly it had to be the
just *after* they left the headquarters, when Mitsuki was screaming
insubordination as he flagrantly ignored the direct orders to return,
so here they were stuck with one another. On the other hand
Mihoshi, as well as Kiyone, were almost complete puzzles to him…
"I’m not even sure she views me as a friend."

Tenchi nodded to himself, absorbing this new piece of information.
He could hear Mihoshi in the lab, asking Washu if the new cops
were friends, if she had to go against them… But then again if he
was any judge, this man was sincere, and there *was* indeed,
despite his informal speech, this feeling of friendly care, like he was
looking out for you, that made this person feel positively Kiyone-ish,
which in Tenchi’s mind would make Mihoshi feel comfortable, at
least.

"What about Kiyone then?" Seion probed.

"Huh?" Tenchi was shaken out of his thoughts, and hurriedly
rattled an answer off. "Well she insists on living in a separate
apartment rather than stay here, so she and Mihoshi has to go work
several part time jobs almost everyday, though they drop by for
meals and to bathe. I think she takes her work as a Galaxy Police
Officer a little too seriously though…"

Seion waved a dismissive hand. "Yeah, been through her career
records and files. I mean does she have any close friends here,
anything or anyone she really likes around here?" He grinned.

"Well she just got a boyfr…" the boy stopped, his eyes wide and
staring, his lips half parted in shock. Mihoshi’s tremulous voice
resounded in his mind…

‘Some… some Galaxy Police officers have joined us. I… think they
want to get Kova.’

Tenchi you *baka*! You almost let it slip!

"Yes, and he is…?" Seion pressed, his voice sounding a little
urgent. "Who is he, what does he… Hey Tenchi!?" He started as the
boy quickly got to his feet.

"Uh sorry Seion, got to go! I think Aeka and Ryoko are getting
impatient!" He turned to make for the door, and only with some
effort did he prevent himself from breaking into a run.

"Wait a second! Tell me!" Seion hurriedly sprang up, just barely
managing to restrain himself from grabbing Tenchi by the hand.
"Don’t you want to learn how to make Aeka and Ryoko happy?"

"No not now! Some other time maybe!" Then the door slid shut
behind Tenchi’s back, in front of Seion’s face.

The Operative slumped down.

‘You know, I was so scared when Kiyone got a…’

Almost exactly where Mihoshi had kept quiet about it…

DAMNIT so I know she’s got a man! Big deal! Why don’t you just
come out and tell me who he is? He just *might* be able to help
me…

Unless… she’s in love with someone I mustn’t know about?

His green eyes widened, as he remembered how she had attacked
Kova at exactly the point he was about to open fire, and the way she
had been allowed to execute an impossible throw without having to
choke on metal.

Could it be…!? *NONONO* It can’t be!

Seion growled at the darkness of the room, snarling at himself.

Don’t be an idiot, man! How could even *think* that of *her*?

I think I need a break…

Not bothering to unroll it, Seion lay his head back on the futon and
stared up at the ceiling.

====================================

"I’m having that kind of feeling when you feel like you really
shouldn’t be wasting any more time in one place," Mitsuki
commented for what seemed like the umpteenth time, and Kiyone
ground her teeth in frustration as the next sentence followed,
almost as certainly as night follows day. "But this is *so* nice I really
want to stay there that little while more…"

Keep quiet, Kiyone muttered angrily to herself, trying to stifle her
reply. She still remembered what had happened the last time Mitsuki
made that comment and she had replied…

"Mitsuki, you know you really should be going," Kiyone had tried to
keep her voice level. "We’ve been soaking for quite a while now,
you know."

"Why don’t you leave first, Kiyone?" Mitsuki had asked archly. She
seemed dissatisfied with the explanation Washu had given about
how she was referring earlier to contacting the criminal Kova
Kashiro for negotiations, but there seemed to be no way to fault the
explanation, so she had kept quiet. When Kiyone had openly asked
her to leave, Mitsuki had quite naturally decided she *should* stay
longer, and obstinately planted herself down, up until now.

Kiyone herself would have left much earlier, except for the
somehow pressing desire not to leave Kova alone in the bath with
two practically naked women she herself acknowledged were both
quite attractive after their own fashion. It was also with some kind of
trepidation that she realised after the worst, which was when she
had pushed his head down, she was no longer that self conscious.

Oh damnit, why don’t Washu and Mitsuki would both leave…

Stop that!

So, you want to be alone… how wonderful that would be, she heard
laughter mock her from within.

Stop thinking these thoughts!

Well, Kova-chan and I need to talk about some things…

Oh, I’m sure you have lots of things to talk about while not wearing
any clothes, right?

Shut up! I’m not in the mood for that! Too much is happening!

Heh, that means you *were* in the mood, weren’t you?

I said SHUT UP!

Mitsuki watched Kiyone, eyes closed in seeming serenity as she
fought herself. Seeing she was not replying to her comment, Mitsuki
then swivelled her eyes, to see Washu at ease in the pool still.

"Hello, I said I was going to leave?" She asked. "But I’m not
because it’s so nice in here?"

Silence. The only sound was the burbling of the water from the
fountain at the back cascading down and babbling of the water
flowing over the bowl in the centre of the pool to break the bath’s
surface.

Mitsuki waited a while more, but nothing changed, except that
Kiyone was breathing more easily now, having subdued her teasing
side. Humming to herself, Mitsuki splashed herself with more of the
warm water, but Washu and Kiyone seemed not to notice.

She gave a sigh.

All right, you win…

====================================

"Ryoko!" Aeka cried. "You’re not supposed to be in here!"

"Relax, Aeka!" The space pirate’s eyes twinkled. "Besides you’re in
here too…" She grinned at the princess. "Why not join me then?"
She winked, and Aeka blushed. "Then Tenchi will have to choose…
or not get any sleep tonight!"

"RYOKO!" Aeka cried out, her face burning. "Get out from under
there!"

"Aww, the princess is *chicken*!" Ryoko laughed. "How nice of you
to let me go first, I’m sure Tenchi will *really* appreciate it…" the
space pirate snuggled up deeper under the covers.

"I am NOT chicken!"

"Then come jump in the sack and we’ll wait together then! I’m
feeling generous tonight, we could share…"

"GRRRRRRRR…!" Aeka resisted the impulse to jump on the bed
and wrestle Ryoko out from under the covers. It would be an utter
disaster if Tenchi came into his bedroom to see her and Ryoko
fighting for a position on his bed in the middle of the night.

She shuddered at the blow to her dignity, as well as that of Jurai’s, if
that should happen.

Anyway it wouldn’t do to mess up his bed, either.

Beneath the covers Ryoko sighed in bliss. Tenchi had just lay down
here not long ago, and, as she could tell, had been tossing and
turning quite a bit, for the bed and covers felt warm to her touch. 

A touch of bitterness crept into her mind at this stage as she
thought what she originally came in here for.

It’s just too bad I didn’t get to see them… but I’m sure he must have
them somewhere around, he loved them… up to the point Aeka
started look like she would be bawling.

At this point a voice shattered her stream of consciousness.

"Aeka!?" 

Ryoko recognised Tenchi’s voice, and swore.

DAMN! He came back too quickly, Aeka’s still here.

"Yes, Tenchi?" Aeka spun around from looking at his bed, her face
sheepish and a little crimson.

"What are you doing in my room, Aeka?" He stood, staring
bewildered at her. It wasn’t often that Aeka came into his room, and
certainly not uninvited in the middle of the night.

"Erm… er Ryoko came in saying she wanted to look for something
and I came in to make sure she didn’t mess up your room."

"She did, did she?" Tenchi looked about the room, noting that
everything seemed in order, unlike the mess he would have
expected if Ryoko had just been through everything. "Where is
she?"

Oh bother… Ryoko thought.

"Here!" Aeka announced, pulling back the covers of his bed.

"Hey, AEKA!" Ryoko snarled. "You had to go and do that, didn’t
you!?"

Tenchi looked at the two of them and a sweatdrop formed behind
his head…

Maybe I should have stayed longer with Seion.

Someone tapped his shoulder from behind."Excuse me, Tenchi?"

Tenchi nearly jumped out of his skin, before bringing himself to turn
around, only to see Mitsuki, fiery hair still dripping, standing behind
him. "Do you happen to know where I could find a towel and
something else to wear, then maybe somewhere to sleep?" She
was in her GP uniform, but it was wet. It seemed she had put on her
clothes without drying herself.

"I…" He wracked his mind. "I think Kiyone’s wardrobe in her
apartment should have some clothes to fit you, then maybe you
could go sleep in there…"

"Oh, okay then."

"This way…" Tenchi was about to show her the way when Mitsuki
just stepped past him.

"Forget it, I think I know how." She rapped smartly on the wall by
the bathroom door, and stepped through it into the apartment.

Hmm, Tenchi thought. Nice to know at least not all the girls are so
dependant on me.

Turning around he looked back into his room.

"Huh?" He asked as he saw Aeka and Ryoko looking dismally at
him. "Err, what’s wrong? What did I do!?"

"Tenchiii…!" Ryoko cried, distraught, sitting up on his bed.

Aeka remained silent, but her gaze of reprehension did not let up.

Oh damned, Tenchi thought. I just ignored both of them when they
were inside my bedroom in the middle of the night for a practical
stranger, who just simply *HAD* to be a lady…

"Oh come on, look Ryoko, Aeka, I…" He stepped into the room…

Aeka’s face twitched and her eyes widened, as she realised
something.

Tenchi blinked as Ryoko disappeared from on his bed.

Did I just glimpse a grin on her face!?

"Heheheh…" Then the sound of the door behind him sliding shut. 

OH NO!!!

====================================

A little while ago…

"Whew…" Kiyone heaved a sigh of relief as Mitsuki finally quit the
bath, and stood up to face to her left at the other female occupant of
the bath. "Washu, could you hand me one of your towels now,
please?"

The scientist looked at her and grinned. "What do you think,
Kiyone?"

"WASHU!!" Kiyone howled, only to see the smirk on the scientist’s
face. Almost desperately, her head turned left to look at her neat pile
of dry clothing by the side of the pool.

Will take me at least three seconds to get out from here over to them
and five more to put them on… Too long damnit!

Kiyone felt the water behind her ripple slightly, and her heart
skipped a beat.

"K… Kova-chan?" To her surprise, she felt wet, warm cloth settle
over her shoulders and back.

"Thought you might want something to cover at least the part of
you above water." He whispered gently behind her.

"Thank you…" Her face blushed scarlet, as she clasped the white
long sleeved business shirt draped over her form closer to herself,
so it covered her front.

He’s not wearing any shirt!

Big deal. You’re not wearing any pants…

Kiyone’s face reddened further.

And he’s standing behind you…

Kiyone felt a tear of desperate shame form in her eyes, but even
then something in her rejoiced as the thrill born of animal desires
started to form again in her blood.

Kova blinked, as he noticed Kiyone lean forward away from him,
pulling her left hand holding his shirt close to herself as her right
hand tried to push the edges down so it would cover the parts of
her beneath the water, and all the while trying to make herself as
small as possible.

No no don’t touch her don’t try to comfort her! Might lose control…

Looking over Kiyone’s shoulder at the sniggering Washu three
metres ahead of him, he flashed the professor a questioning glance.
"Now what did I do wrong?"

"Well…" Washu smiled. "You should have blindfolded her face with
your shirt from behind then tackled her from underwater." 

Kova’s face flushed crimson as her words set his imagination
working and his blood pumping.

"Oh yeah, and maybe take off your pants." Washu added as an
afterthought.

"SHUT UP WASHU!" Kiyone screamed, looking up. She had got her
hands in through the sleeves, with her left shoulder’s bare skin
showing through the tear in the shirt, and had buttoned the thing
on. Now both her hands were occupied in keeping the lower
portions of the shirt down rather than letting them float on the
surface of the water.

Kova winced as he heard the anger and torment in Kiyone’s voice,
even though it was not directed at himself. "I’m sorry…" He
mumbled, sounding hurt and guilty. Kiyone sensed movement
behind her, then Kova stepped out of a portal, standing bare bodied
from waist up, in front of the sliding door to the bath. "I should be
going." His hand landed on the door.

The image of him about to walk out of the Karaoke room the night
before flashed in Kiyone’s mind. "Wait!" She called out before she
could even think coherently. 

Kova froze. 

She wants me to stay in here with her…

But he didn’t look back, didn’t say a word.

Washu looked faintly amused at Kiyone, who answered weakly.
"Mitsuki might still be in the corridor."

"Oh," was all Kova said, his voice tense. "You want me to look away
as you dress?"

"I… I’ll dress later…" Kiyone mumbled, the scarlet on her face
deepening, as Kova’s face flushed further and a nervous but happy
smile formed on his face. Neither of them dared to even think about
what the other might have in mind at that comment, and if Kova
thought he was astonished by Kiyone, Kiyone was even more
bewildered at herself.

"Ah well, then!" Washu hoisted herself out of the pool. "I’ll try to
hurry this and not keep both of you waiting too long…" Walking
over to her uniform, she donned it and slipped the towels out from
under her dress, deliberately leaving them on the ground a good
distance from Kiyone. "Kashiro?" 

"Yes?" Kova turned to face her, then walked over to pick up one of
the towels. Kiyone smiled gratefully as he tossed it towards her.
Washu watched him, seeming trying to stop herself from laughing at
his actions. "Yes, professor?"

"So, do you want her or not?" Washu asked, smiling at the man
who stood almost two feet taller than her.

"Er…" Kova struggled for an answer, and would have blushed
deeper if that had been possible. "What’s the relevance,
professor?"

"Oh, nothing," Washu laughed to herself. Kiyone frowned in
displeasure but decided to keep her thoughts to herself, for despite
the situation the rational part of her was interested in hearing what
things of import Washu would have to say. 

"So what do you want?" There was a hint of impatience in Kova’s
voice.

"I want to you to remove the Tachyon Ray from your ship and give it
to me."

"Piece of cake. And I won’t build more of those either." He watched
Washu carefully as the professor nodded, perfectly composed.
"This can’t be all, there’s more to it, right?"

"Yes, you’re right." Washu answered, and she stepped back so she
could have both Kiyone and Kova in sight. "No more dimensional
rift creators, apart from that weapon of yours, no more weaponry or
technology from the Science Academy leaking out to anyone."

Kova frowned slightly. He never was one to appreciate being
ordered around.

But it’s the very least I could do for our sake, for mine and
Kiyone’s…

"That’s okay too, I guess." He arched his eyebrows questioningly.
"What’s the real problem now?"

"Simple really - where are you two heading?" Washu would
normally have put it more plainly, but facing Kashiro and Kiyone
she knew they would be up to understanding the question.

"We’re not sure yet…" Kiyone murmured, still wearing the shirt,
while around her was wound the towel Kova had tossed to her.

"Why would that be any of your business, professor?" Kova asked,
eyeing Washu suspiciously. "You don’t take my word about not
letting any more of these weapons’ technology out?"

Washu’s eyes narrowed. "In case you forgot, Kashiro, you’re not
Kiyone’s only friend."

Kova paused, then nodded. "Point taken." He licked his lips. "I’d like
to think we’re trying for the light. But if we fail…"

"Then you will take her and disappear."

"Aye." Kova nodded. "If I’m still alive by then." He smiled wistfully.
"But then our children wouldn’t have an aunt Mihoshi or a professor
Washu to look up to… and I don’t even want to think what might
happen if Seida found us again."

Kiyone bowed her head, her heart aching as she realised exactly
how much Kova set store by her own happiness, by her being
allowed to keep her jobs and friends. 

It is more for my sake than his own that he is willing to go through
with this.

"Kova-chan… if it’s too dangerous, we don’t have to." To Kiyone’s
surprise she managed to keep her voice low and steady, rather than
tremulous as she had expected.

"No, this is for the long term," he turned to look at her, his blue eyes
steely, his face fixed in that mask of stubborn determination. "Since
I’ve met you I’ve dreamed of walking beside you in the light, to
finally be absolved of my dark past, to be able to take you up the
aisle and affirm before the universe our union." 

Kiyone and Washu couldn’t be certain, but in that moment, as he
spoke that sentence his face seemed to light up, his eyes blaze with
gentle blue fire and his demeanour shone as that of a man, who, by
aspiring towards lofty heights and wondrous visions, could be lifted
up by that promise of the future to shine as a beacon of hope. Then
as quickly as it came, it left, leaving him unaltered, and his voice
continued, morose again.

"The life of crime may be rather safe at times, but still more
dangerous than I’d care to try and raise a family in. Besides…" his
voice became low, as he thought of Tenchi, that queer but earnest
boy, Sasami, the young but wise princess, and almost to his own
surprise, Washu, who though irritating at times, has certainly
proven herself to be a friend. "I think I may have found some friends
of my own too."

Kiyone found herself smiling gratefully at the way he unhesitatingly
declared he *would* have her for a bride, although in the past she
would have been riled that any man would dare presume she was
exclusively his alone and not her own. "All right, we’ll try for that,
then." Then her tone became stern, and the barest touch of chill fear
entered her words. "But don’t you *dare* die on me."

"Ahem," Washu cleared her throat. "It’s all nice and easy to say that
you’re going to get this and that done, but don’t you think it’s about
time the two of you got some more concrete plans out?"

"Later," Then Kova and Kiyone blinked as they realised they had
answered together.

Washu’s smile broadened. "Fine, then. More importantly, and closer
to now, there are two cops out there waiting for you, Kashiro. As for
you, Kiyone, I don’t know if you’ve simply been too caught up with
your own affairs, but I tell you Mihoshi is not taking this well. She
came into my lab just now, crying confused and upset about the
situation. She thinks she has lost you and now to defend you, she
has to give up the other half of her identity, her job, and it got pretty
bad back there."

Kiyone bit her lip guiltily, as she realised she had indeed forgotten
about Mihoshi, and wondered how much pain Mihoshi must have
been in to leave a lasting impression on Washu. "I… I’ll go talk to her
about it."

"That would help, but it’s more than just that." Washu murmured.
"We need to clear the air, especially because I think it hurts you and
Mihoshi the most. I presume you and Kashiro masqueraded one of
your run-ins just now?" Washu was inferring the existence of such
an encounter from Seion’s earlier statement about how they had
fought a dangerous criminal.

"Yeah," Kova replied. Washu pointedly continued looking in
Kiyone’s direction, and Kova just noticed a shadow settle over
Kiyone at the memory of her distressed dilemma, before it lifted
slightly. "You’re still sore at me over that, Kiyone-chan?" He asked,
uncertainly.

Kiyone nodded dumbly, deliberately not meeting his gaze.

Washu looked at his pained expression. "Get my point, Kashiro?"

He ground his teeth together. "Should think so."

"What’s between you and her, is up to the two of you to sort out.
But I think both of you must do away with these acts. Maybe find
some way to get them out of the way, or send them back to
Headquarters, but if you can’t and they’re going to be hanging
around these parts for a good while, I want you to avoid any more
confrontations."

"Yes, professor," Kova sounded strained at accepting unsolicited
orders, but he knew she was right. "Maybe I’ll try to bring out
another Yoda Shiro."

"That’d be good, but only as a temporary measure." Washu nodded.
"You’ll need a more permanent arrangement, maybe even come
clean, and I strongly, strongly advise you, Kashiro, against killing
them." Kova grimaced a little as he thought how often that thought
had crossed his mind. "I’ll be leaving the two of you now, especially
becauseI think you have more than just a little to sort out." So
saying, Washu pushed past Kova and went out the door, leaving
both of them alone in the bath.

There was silence, then Kova settled himself cross legged on the
floor, facing Kiyone, who was still soaking in the bath. After the
serious issues had been brought up by Washu, neither of them was
in any mood for what they might otherwise have been looking
keenly forward to.

Uncertainly, Kova moved from his lotus position into a half crouch,
and approached her much the way he would creep across a rooftop
to an apartment he was about to break into. "You’re upset,
Kiyone-chan."

"You know why." She muttered, then suddenly the resentfulness in
her tone disappeared, and she sighed wearily. "I’m sorry, I didn’t
mean to be angry with you, just that…"

"Hush, it’s okay, you’ve had a rough night." He moved closer, so he
was sitting on the edge of the pool, his feet dangling into the water
in front of her. "You’re tired, there’s a lot of reasons to be upset. We
have to start somewhere…" He watched, worried as she tried to
hold back. "Let it out, tell me, be frank - how did you like it when I
held you hostage?"

"Oh *yes* that was *good*." Kiyone answered acidly, the anger
creeping back in as she took Kova’s advice and ceased
suppresssing her emotions. "Do you have any *idea* what it feels
like to see you look at me that way!? Like you didn’t know me, like
you didn’t love me, like you wanted nothing more than to rip my
guts out!?" 

"I thought you trusted me…" He tried plaintively to snatch a word,
and tried to stay calm…

Let her vent her steam, she needs to.

"Oh, *that*." She looked up at him, her green eyes blazing, and
Kova flinched. "It’s easy to trust you as you are now, but do you
have any idea how difficult it is to trust some deadly space villain?"

"I thought that would make you and I act more naturally…"

"Yeah, it did all right," Kiyone snarled. "My arms still hurt, and my
throat is bruised. Natural, right. Natural that the man I love would
twist my arm behind me, and threaten me in a different voice." She
tried to blink away the tears as she remembered her fears. "I
couldn’t see or feel you at all, at the time… it was like I was
completely alone… I couldn’t see your eyes, or your face. I could
only feel the forceful lock on my back, and the cold metal at my
throat. Your voice, it was different, somebody else’s… It felt like I
was being held at the mercy of some strange criminal, not you, not
you…"

Kova pressed his lips tight together, knowing there was nothing he
could say. He knew what he had done, he knew that in those
moments, there could have been no way Kiyone have in any way
sensory way identified the person holding her as himself, apart from
knowing inside her brain. He thought about Seion. "Thank you…"

"I should have let him shoot your brains out." Kiyone sat back,
leaning against the side of the pool and feeling marginally better
now that she had let some of the pent up pressure out. "You
bastard." She wasn’t smiling, but at least her face looked neutral
now, and the tone, rather than vehement, was even, so it seemed
rather like she was addressing him fondly rather than damning him.

"Yeah, and this bastard would have deserved it," he managed to
smile, seeing she was a little better, at least somewhat more
receptive. "That’s the problem with me, when I choose to act or
disguise myself, I *become* the person." He mused to himself,
seeming almost self deprecating.

Kiyone smiled, just a little. "I think that’s what kept you alive so
long."

"No, it nearly killed me, at least my character. I still remembered
when I got to the Science Academy, just wanted to get a new ship
with good technology so I could have fun out there. Then I became
Yoda Shiro, an erratic scientist guy, kind of a bookworm. While I still
delighted in intrigues and outwitting others, I found myself
garnering an interest for my studies themselves, for the subjects I
took up. I might have stayed longer at the Academy, except
something told me Washu had an eye on me, and even after I left, I
realised I had no intention of ever using the Tachyon Ray I had
installed on my ship, because Yoda was such a peaceable guy. If I
had you would probably have no Headquarters left to return to. " He
shook his head, amused. "Sometimes I do such stupid things.
Imagine being influenced by a person who doesn’t even exist."

"Hmm, so you become what you act as..." Kiyone smiled at the
thought. "Did you fall in love with me because you pretended to do
so?"

Kova looked sheepish. "Actually, love was the last thing on my
mind practically all my life up to the instant I saw your picture. And
even then I was disgusted at having fallen for a cop."

"True, if I didn’t love you back that would have given you a lifespan
of glass basketball. And that’s why you gave me a chance to blast
you out of the window, so you could make a break for it," Kiyone
considered this alter ego aspect of Kova.

Hmm, he even *drinks* when he’s acting as someone else, although
it seems he can’t like it much for his tolerance threshold is pretty
low, Kiyone thought as she remembered the encounter at the bar a
few hours ago.

"I suppose becoming what you want to appear as yields excellent
results, right?"

"It does." Kova nodded. "That’s why I do it, because I’m the best,
and it makes me feel like a different person for a while. That makes
my life… interesting." Then he brightened up further. "But now I
have you my life’s interesting enough already."

Although Kova had meant it in jest, Kiyone sobered up at the
thought.

Yes, there are matters that make our life… interesting.

"All right, I accept your explanation…"

"Thank you, Kiyone-chan." His voice was soft and lined with
gratitude.

"I’ll just have to live with it, and trust you, even if it might be hard at
times," Kiyone nodded. "And *you*, have to trust that I will always
love you, and you only."

"I’ll try," Kova nodded, remembering his outburst in the alley and in
Mihoshi’s room. "But I don’t know it seems that are so many other
people that might suit you better…"

"Well, that’s a problem. It’s a give and take." Kiyone’s face
hardened, and for a moment Kova wondered if he had gone wrong
again, half a second before he understood her mind had moved on.
"So, are you really going to try to get that pardon?"

"Yes." He answered, his voice firm. 

"What… what if it falls through?"

"Then… will you leave with me?"

"Only if you really want to." Kiyone answered softly. "I’m thankful
you know how much my work means to me, but please if you think
the odds are too high you really could say we ought to give up…"
Her pitch sunk even lower. "I don’t want you risking your life just to
make me that little bit happier."

"I’ll be frank, Kiyone-chan. The odds aren’t very good now. But we
will try to make them better before we finally let them bring me to
trial before the tribunal." He smiled a little. "And don’t lie, I know it
means more than a little bit to you, and *that* makes it the world to
me."

"Yes, I suppose so," Kiyone nodded slowly, her expression grim.
"But there’s no way you can get by with over fifty ship raids and
suspected of over a hundred more. We must get evidence that you
have been framed."

"Exactly."

"And that would mean getting to Seida and into the Synerean
territory."

Kova watched her intently. He had an inkling she would piece out
his plan, even though it had hardly manifested within his own mind,
and he trusted to her intellect enough to let her articulated thoughts
guide his own and limit himself to responding accordingly.

It’s our future we shape here, Kiyone-chan. Let’s shape it together.

"We’ll get the blueprints for the Tachyon Ray back as well." He
added.

Kiyone brightened up a little as she saw thought she saw the
faintest glimmer of light ahead. "And so prevent the outbreak of
war."

"If we can get rid of Seida, once the statute of limitations for my
Syndicate Spy Service comes into effect about three months from
now, it will liquidate my background data."

"And no one in the Syndicate will be after you any more either,
provided no one else knows of your involvement with the Tachyon
Ray." Her eyes became distant and shimmered with something
resembling fervent hope. "Being the principal investigator and a
pre-eminent professor, Washu can annull your crimes in the
Academy, maybe pin them down on Syndicate activity."

"That leaves Jurai and the GP." Kova carefully kept his voice level,
watching her.

"Jurai won’t be a problem, especially with Aeka and Sasami for you,
not to mention Tenchi." Despite the way things seemed to coming
together, Kiyone forced her optimism down and out from her voice,
keeping it under control so she could think impassively. "Besides
their statute of limitations should be taking effect soon, maybe in
two or three years’ time. Sasami’s rescue can be quoted as a point
of reprieve… then that will leave only the GP." She paused a while,
thinking. "*Exactly* how many ship raids have you committed?"

"Twelve." Kova answered without hesitation. "Not including the
attacks on the SSS convoys."

Kiyone arched an eyebrow at the speed of his reprisal and answer,
especially when the said events spanned over half a century. "How
long have you been thinking about this?"

"Since I met you, a great many times over the number for my liking."

"Wait a minute…" Kiyone thought, her voice sounding surprised.
"That averages only about one raid in every five years!"

Kova nodded in affirmation. "Yes, you can make at least two million
Synereals from a single raid. I lived rather frugally, at least by space
pirate standards, so I only have to raid ships once in a while. It also
keeps my thrill level higher each time I go break in one."

"Twelve…" Kiyone murmured, pressing her lips tightly together.
"That’s three too many…"

"If they can be ascribed to either under the SSS or Jurai, they will be
subject to limitations."

"I doubt they can," she pointed out. "Usually safety of interstellar
trading and travel routes is considered under the jurisdication of the
Galaxy Police. Hell, we are even expected to help people with
engine trouble and what not…"

Kova sighed. "Then there’s no statute of limitations for the GP,
right?"

"We have always been committed to bringing to justice to bear on
*all* wrongdoers, regardless of the time the crime was committed,
except under juvenile considerations." Her expression darkened,
and not just because they had struck a rock here. "Twelve raids…
including the destruction of combat crafts, that easily comes up to
over three hundred lives or more."

Kova flinched, for though her voice was neutral, he sensed an
accusatory tone. "Look, it was just something I did, and it was
wrong, but what can I do about it now?"

Knowing there was nothing he could say, Kiyone cast her gaze
away, and was silent, looking out at the bath itself, her mind writhing
inwards upon itself in paroxysms of confusion, sorrow and anger.

To be an instrument of the law… what did that mean? To be an
officer of the law… what was one’s purpose? To find who did it, and
to bring sword of the law to bear upon the person. To pursue in
succession a universe of endless criminals, to stand them to trial on
behalf of the countless who have suffered or fallen, on behalf of the
countless who will never know their deaths have been avenged. 

She had never known who killed her father, nor had the knowledge
that her mother’s murderer had met his maker dampened the grief
and anguish at her passing. And to feel at this moment, just for two
people…Compared to over three hundred lives… what pain…
immeasurable. 

And if I and Kova were to have our way, their loss would never be
paid for… 

What injustice.

The irony almost made Kiyone sob.

"Don’t think too hard about it," Kova, aggrieved at seeing her
pained, slipped lightly into the pool by her side, letting the warm
waters soak into his body from waist down, and gently held her
close. "Reality is harsh, people live and then they die. They’re over
with, let us, the living, go on with living…"

Kiyone started in anger as she heard his words, her green eyes
lighting up in some kind of rage, but as his words sunk in, her heart
burst into a raging, fiery inferno, a burning halo that seemed to fill
with the pained cries of the deceased, crying for justice, and her
vision of the man next to her was flooded with a thick cloud of
contempt and hatred. "Easy for you to say!" Kiyone angrily shoved
Kova away. 

"Kiyone…" He started, surprised as he was pushed back. "You’re
taking this too personally…"

Something inside told her concurred, but Kiyone raged on, like a
woman possessed. "Yes, of course I am over reacting! After all their
lives mean nothing to you, you kill them and it’s over with!"

"I thought I told you I don’t like taking lives," blue eyes shimmered,
trembling, but he nevertheless managed to hide his hurt. "It’s just
something that has to be done at times…"

"Something, huh? SomeTHING… you don’t even have give them
the *dignity* of being people before you kill them…"

A flicker of annoyance passed over Kova’s face. "Look, that’s the
way we survive, hell that’s the way *you* survive…"

"But *we* hunt only those who break the law, so they do not break
the peace!" Kiyone fumed, gesticulating wildly. "We do it for justice,
for peace, *not* for money, not for glory, not for sport…"

Hurting badly already from being attacked, Kova felt his blood boil,
and something inside snapped. "*SPORT*! You tell me *sport*!?"
His outburst was so sudden and vehement, his blue eyes almost
spitting sparks, his neck muscles convulsing with rage, that even
Kiyone was silenced for the moment in surprise. "Not for sport, not
for money? What is bounty hunting, then? Not for glory, not for
money!? Then you tell me how *precious* your god damn
promotions are to you!" 

Kiyone winced, as the shot told, flying straight and true, striking
deep to draw blood, but she took a deep breath and recovered
quickly to spring another line. "You don’t deny however, that you
*were* a space pirate, you attacked those ships out of your *own*
volition, with an *intent* to cause malicious harm and injury and to
*claim* what was *not* rightfully your own."

"So I did, I won’t deny that," Kova countered, his voice strident still.
"And you won’t deny that I *did* risk my GODDAMN life once for the
carriers and twice against the Synereans to save precious asshole
people I didn’t even know existed!" A twisted grimace that seemed
almost that of pain distorted his face. "And what happens?
EXTENSIONS to my list of CRIMES! Even more determination to get
me! More money for my head! Higher promotions offered to the one
who gets me! Tossing me into a cell in the HQ to await execution!"
He was snarling, like an enraged beast . "Tell me, then, is that
*JUST*!? Is that what law and order stands for?"

Kiyone took a deep breath. "The Galaxy Police stand by the
Standard Galactic Law, and we are dedicated to maintaining the law
and order in the universe, barring wars between empires and
political intrigues. Tha law defends the multitudes from the lawless,
and deems that those who infringe upon it to cause hurt and harm
to others must be brought to justice to pay for their crimes…"

"Well, let me tell you, Chief Inspector Kiyone Makibi, what your
precious Galactic bullshit really is then!" Kiyone faltered as his
impersonal address and callous words cut deep, but Kova shot on
like a bullet, seemingly oblivious to her pain. "*Your* high and
mighty law is a farce… you want criminals? I tell you who are the
criminals! They are the kings, the ministers, the presidents, the
leaders who pit countless ships and nations and people and
planets from systems all over the universe against each other! They
are the ones who not only escape punishment, they go down in
history as great leaders, symbolic of a glorious age! For spilling the
blood of unknown billions across years of countless atrocities and
massacres, they are written down on the pages as a distinction of a
truly magnificent conquerer! Theses are those who should not only
be utterly castigated and condemned for all eternity, these are those
who should not even have existed!" Kova’s face was red again, only
this time it was in aplopectic rage and not embarrassment, as he
ranted on. "*Your* law never seeks to make amends, never seeks to
reprieve or rehabilitate! The rich and powerful are coddled up to
with nice, diplomatic records, relations lubricated with cold hard
cash legitimately robbed from the citizens! *Your* law lets them get
away scotfree, even providing medals to go with, but when it comes
to us, the wretched, the outcasts, it gives no way out, just draws the
noose around our necks and tightens, wishing only to torment and
inflict pain, and more pain, until this existence is a like a tortured
hellhole!" As he concluded, he was taking ragged breaths, but his
fury was unquenched, his hands still clenched tightly into fists, his
wrath seeming to envelope him in a burning flame that was
unaffected by the waters of the bath, nor soothed by the warm air.

There was a silence, as Kiyone stared at him with wide eyes, biting
her lips, and trying not to cry from the fear…

He’s not angry at me, it’s at the system, at the way reality works…
but I’ve *never* seen him so mad before…

"The law is not perfect, nor is its enforcement. We can only try…"
Her steady voice trembled and quavered, then her brave front
crumbled away to reveal the agony and anguish as her dearest had
inflicted on her as he had mercilessly shredded away at something
that was part of herself. Distraught, Kiyone’s hands covered her
face as she let herself sink down, the water cutting off her sob as
her head was submerged…

Watching her, Kova felt a swift sharp spasm in his heart, like a
dagger had been stabbed into it, as he realised the damage he had
done, but something in him still seethed at the issue, and told him
he *was* in the right… He took a step closer her, watching, waiting
pensively, but his posture and stance were still rigid and unyielding,
until she finally drew herself back out of the water. 

Her long hair glistening with droplets, her eyes a little red, Kiyone
rose up, taking deep breaths, only to feel him by her side, laying a
comforting hand on her bare shoulder, before letting it slide down
along her clothed arm to clasp her fingers. 

He squeezed her hand slightly, and she turned to regard him, her
face stony with a touch of injury. "Kiyone-chan… I didn’t mean to
hurt you…" He conceded, although still careful to keep from
drawing too close to her.

She managed a weak, brittle smile, and swallowed slightly, to keep
her distress back down. "I know it wasn’t meant for me, it was for
the system, and the way life goes…"

"I’m very grateful you understood that," he managed. "I hate to think
how much I might have wounded you if you thought it was directed
at yourself."

She drew her gaze from his, looking away at the surface of the
bath."It still hurts."

His eyes saddened. "I’m very sorry, I…"

"Don’t speak," Kiyone interrupted him. "Just keep quiet. I don’t
think either of us are in the mood now… we’re too sensitive, our
emotions too highly strung. This conversation isn’t going to go
anywhere."

There was an awkward silence. Kiyone tugged her hand slightly
away, and he reluctantly let go. "You’re right there, I guess. We need
some time alone, I think, to relax, away from each other." There was
a short pause. "How long do you need?"

Kiyone kept her gaze fixed on the water, which was gently shifting
to and fro, undulating in a myriad of patterns, each in some almost
indiscernible way, unique. "I don’t really know…"

"The house and your apartment are too risky to be around in. I’ll be
at the shrine waiting for you, if you feel better." He wet his lips with
his tongue. "If you don’t want to come, go get some sleep. I won’t
mind, after all it’s rather late and you haven’t gotten enough of it
recently…"

"I’ll decide later." 

She didn’t turn around as he hoisted himself out of the pool, and,
still dripping, reluctantly made for the door, somewhat crestfallen at
her curt dismissal. The door slid open, to reveal a thankfully empty
corridor, and he was about to step out when… 

"Kova-chan?" 

He froze. "Yes?" Hopefully.

"If I don’t show up, catch some rest too, okay?"

Although neither of them had turned to face each other, his
expression brightened at that barest solace. "Sure, thanks." He
thought for a bit, uncertain how to apologise. "I love you."

"And I love you too." Kiyone whispered, just barely audibly to his
ears. 

Then the door slid shut behind her, and she was alone.

====================================

"Err…Ryoko…" Tenchi spun around to face her while stepping
further into the room to back away from her, his expression the
epitome of discomfited, disquieted disconcertion.

"Let’s play, Tenchi!" She laughed, and leaped, hands outstretched
as if to pounce on Tenchi. 

"AAAH!" The boy screamed as Ryoko’s body engulfed him like
warm blanket, and the impact bowled him backwards in the
direction of his bed.

"RYOKO!" A high pitched scream rang out. Despite the blood
thundering in her temples and that she was almost purple with her
rage, Aeka managed to restrain herself from using her forcefield,
lest she hurt Tenchi and wreck the room, before she hurtled forward
in a streak of violet.

"Aww damn." Ryoko seemed to yawn, as if her disappointment had
been expected, merely a split second before the first princess of
Imperial Jurai flung herself between Ryoko and Tenchi.

"Oooof!" Tenchi landed backwards on his bed, as Aeka’s
momentum landed her and Ryoko on the ground before him, with
Aeka on top.

"You… *bitch*!" Aeka screamed in Ryoko’s face. "I *WON’T*
allow…"

"Oh you want to play too, do you?" Ryoko half snarled. 

It was one thing to be grateful to Aeka but it was something else to
let her interrupt her fun, especially when it came to Tenchi.
However, the reduction of the animosity between the two was
characterised by Ryoko’s next move. 

As if Aeka were no more than a fly, Ryoko effortlessly plucked the
princess off from atop her. "Let’s see who gets to stay, then!" And
almost disdainfully, Ryoko tossed Aeka away…

"Waah!" she cried, as she sailed through the air.

Tenchi just managed to sit up before he made out Aeka, her
ponytails streaming out behind her, careening right towards him. 

Oh man, not again…

"OOF!"

"Uh…" Aeka looked down into Tenchi’s wide, staring, and
incredulous eyes, as she realised her entire body was pressed
against his, albeit with the folds of their clothing between, and that
she was pinning him to the bed with her weight. "I…" Her face
flushed a bright crimson, just as Tenchi’s did too.

GET OFF HIM, AEKA! 

Something inside her screamed, and it was with a thrill of shock that
Aeka realised she had no intention whatsoever of obeying that
command. 

The matter was taken out of her hands, however.

"Heh, my turn!" Ryoko nonchalantly shoved Aeka out of her way.
The princess’ eyes widened for a moment, before she tumbled over
the foot of the bed, while Ryoko embraced Tenchi from the other
side, her hands bringing him to face her own self lying on the bed.
"So, who makes you feel better?" 

Tenchi felt a teardrop form on his head as he felt Ryoko’s ample
assets press on him. "Urk…" he choked, trying not to panic and to
start struggling, and dismally failing for both attempts.

"I’ll bet it’s me!" Ryoko laughed, twiddling her finger against his
chest in her customary fashion. "Ne, Tenchi?"

"How *DARE* you!" Aeka shrieked as she got back to her feet,
enraged almost beyond belief, then she hurled herself bodily onto
Ryoko. Alas for Tenchi, the princess seemed not to note he was
between their bodies…

====================================

Outside, as she ascended the stairs once more, Washu smiled to
herself as she heard the shriek and the ensuing scuffle. The Masaki
household did not, as a general rule, have soundproof walls, but
nevertheless Tenchi’s room was not *that* close to the stairs, so
thet hullaballoo must be rather respectable.

Oh, those kids.

Washu shook her head, amused.

At least there aren’t any explosions, so they should be doing fine.
Poor Tenchi won’t be getting much sleep tonight.

She emitted a wicked laugh. She had originally intended to leave the
box inside Tenchi’s room, but as it were, she would rather leave it
outside and maybe spend some time there. It would be interesting
to note how long it takes for the ruckus to eventually die out along
with Tenchi’s final vestiges of restraint, marking the end of a
phenomenal case of almost inhuman discipline intermixed with fear,
especially when taking into account that the person concerned was
a male teenager in the bloom of his youth, that the two ladies
concerned were very determined, and that the time frame in
question was well over a year…

A figure emerged from around the corner, appearing at the top of
the stairs before her, and Washu arched an eyebrow in surprise as
she recognised Kova, looking absolutely glum and down in the
dumps. His chest was still slick with water, and his pants were
dripping, as he regarded her, almost absently.

"Kashiro? What happened?" Washu’s curiosity was piqued. "Were
you that good, or did you let it out too quickly?"

Kova stared blankly at her, so despondent that the lewd reference
just completely passed over head. "We… had a disagreement." He
sighed.

"Mad at you again, huh?" Washu thought back to when Kiyone had
rushed out of her lab amidst tears and sobs 

"I deserved it." He walked down towards her. "We figured we
needed a break."

"Not bad, at least you’re learning." Washu shifted aside to make
way for him, as he trudged by. While moving slowly, his
despondency giving her the impression he was a zombie that
would walk right over her and not notice.

Kova paused halfway down, as the realisation finally sank in about
what Washu’s initial question was about. "Professor…" His voice
quavered as he tried to suppress his annoyance. "Do me and
yourself a favour… please *don’t* talk to Kiyone like *that*." 

"My, you’re rather forbearing tonight…" Washu observed, a hint of
sarcasm in her words.

"I am thankful, professor, to you, especially back in there," he
answered, as he resumed his trudge down. "I believe you mean
well, but I can’t say I like everything about you and your directives."

"And I suppose you think you’re no longer wet behind the ears,
huh?"

"No, I never believed that. I still am, I think, and I’m trying to learn."

"Good for you, then."

The reference to his being wet drew his attention to his dripping
state. "Oh and professor, do you mind dropping by a dry towel for
Kiyone? I do believe there aren’t any left in the bath…" He asked, as
he reached the base of the stairs.

"No problem." Washu watched him a moment longer, as he made
off, heading for the living room and towards the exit of the house,
without even bothering to note if Washu had acknowledged and
acceded to his request.

What a queer…

====================================

"Ryoko, I’m warning you, you go too far!" Aeka cried out again as
she managed to seize Ryoko’s wrists.

"Well, princess, we’ll see who wins, then!" The space pirate retorted,
using her weight to push Aeka back.

"*Please* sto…" Tenchi’s plaintive plea was cut off as Aeka fell back
on top of him again, knocking his breath out, before he tried to claw
his way to a side again, but somehow he was always held between
and under them in one way or another…

Chaos held sway, at least on Tenchi’s bed, as the three romped to
and fro, over the bedsheets and pillows. Ryoko was grinning,
enjoying herself thoroughly and therefore not bothering to throw
Aeka off. As she was pulled forward, and onto the vainly struggling
boy, she could feel his sweat, hear his rapid breaths, and almost
sense his rising arousal as he was repeatedly ironed and
steamrolled onto his bed by the tussling forms of the two girls.

Gasping for breath, Tenchi finally managed to secure for a moment
a gap, through which he could breath, then somehow got one hand,
then another, in between them…

Here goes…

"STOP THIS!" He cried out as he pushed them apart with his hands
and sat up between them.

Aeka and Ryoko blinked, as they looked at his face, his eyes closed
in anger, his head bowed forward, before their eyes travelled to one
another’s expressions. Ryoko grinned at Aeka, her eyes twinkling,
who blinked in confused surprise.

Now that was *fun*! Aeka could almost read off Ryoko’s merry face. 

Absurd! You space pirate you…! Doing all that to lord Tenchi! 

Aeka scowled back, and blinked again in surprise as Ryoko winked.

I’ll bet you liked that too! Her wink seemed to say. And don’t you
deny it, princess…

No I *didn’t*! Or… did I!?

Aeka blushed, as she thought back to how Tenchi had inadvertantly
touched her here and here…

Tenchi took a deep breath, his heartbeat slowing down, then
opened his eyes and straightened his head. Aeka and Ryoko turned
their attention back to him, but before he could bring himself to
glare angrily at the two of them…

… and *here*, Aeka realised.

Tenchi blinked as he heard Aeka gasp and Ryoko chuckle.

Or more correctly, he *FELT* Aeka gasp and Ryoko chuckle.

"Ulp…" He swallowed nervously, and a tiny part of him just
managed to admire and enjoy the smooth, silky softness, a split
second before his hands were snatched away with desperate
speed, before he could feel the blood rushing up to his face, which
burned a bright scarlet in response.

"Aww, Tenchi," Ryoko moaned seductively, eyes twinkling. "Don’t
tell me you didn’t like it…"

"I…" Tenchi averted his eyes. "…didn’t."

"You’re as bad as Aeka." Ryoko answered tartly. "You *know* in
your heart of hearts you did, oh yes, you did." Both Tenchi and
Aeka’s faces flared up slightly more in response to that which part
of them admitted to be true.

"Please, Aeka, Ryoko, please don’t fight again… ever." Tenchi tried
to put his statement across, but even as the words left his mouth he
knew what the answers would be. He had even felt it as he had been
on the bed, the way the girls had wrestled and sparred rather than
tried outright to hurt each other, such as throwing punches, kicking
or lashing out.

"I didn’t really intend to hurt Ryoko, lord Tenchi…" Aeka mumbled,
like a chastised child. "I was just trying to make sure…"

"Cut the crap Aeka! You enjoyed it, I *know* you did." Ryoko
pointed out. "Let’s face it, if I wanted to I’d have tossed you away
like I did earlier."

Tenchi’s mind fumbled around, groping for some way, any excuse
to get them out of his room, yet they had utterly confounded both
his reasons for possibly wanting to get them out of the room, and
for some reason, he was neither sufficiently angry nor upset about it
to hurt them both by ordering their departure. In fact, part of him
welcomed their presence…

"Now, all of us know what we all want and will enjoy, don’t we?"
The space pirate took the helm, grinning wickedly. "So princess,
you take that side, I’ll take this side…"

Something eventually went off inside Tenchi’s mind, and instantly,
he knew what he would do. He knew he truly loved both Aeka and
Ryoko, and as things stood currently, they meant well to both
himself and one another. In the past year, he had learnt what they
meant to him, how to be assertive with them, to show them they
both were dear to him, and now, it seemed, he would have to finally
fall back on the old, traditional, time honoured, natural instinct,
which was to...

"…and at last, Tenchi will…"

RUN!

There was a blur as he sped out from between them, practically
leaving a dust cloud behind him on the bed. 

"TENCHIIII!" Ryoko’s voice rang out in consternation. Aeka, already
embarrassed, was too confused to say anything, unsure if she were
relieved, disappointed or hurt. 

The fleeing boy heard her dimly, and, his hand moving in a blur,
hardly even registered opening the door only to…

"Oh hi, Tenchi!"

His brown eyes widened upon beholding that smiling, childlike face,
framed with scarlet hair, and he somehow pulled off a physically
impossible feat, which was to stop himself from colliding straight
into Washu. For a moment wild, insane thoughts streamed across
his mind, of Washu setting up machines and various devices such
as those that he had encountered before, and then laughingly
letting Ryoko and Aeka loose on him…

"Washu!" Aeka greeted, relieved that the temptation was gone, and
the choice was no longer left in her hands. "Well, how timely!"

Besides, it would not be proper… at least not until we are at least
engaged, then we can…

Aeka blushed at her own imagination.

"Hypocrite," Ryoko snorted disdainfully as she noted Aeka’s
reactions, before standing up by the bed and turning to the
scientist. "Now, Washu, if you don’t mind, we’re trying to get a little
privacy here…"

"Excuse *me*, Ryoko," Aeka asked pointedly, her mask sliding
neatly back on in the presence of a person apart from Ryoko and
Tenchi, bringing herself up to her full height a distance by Ryoko’s
right side. "But what do you mean by *we*!?"

Ryoko shot her a brief, annoyed glance. "Oh, and Washu, don’t
forget to take this stuck-up two-faced snot with you."

Several weeks ago, Tenchi would have taken cover at this point as
Ryoko and Aeka prepared to unleash their arsenal upon each other,
but instead he heaved a sigh of relief.

Whew, they’re no longer on to me…

"You DARE call *me* a stuck-up two-faced snot!?" Aeka shrieked, in
a fury…

"Well, I didn’t actually said who was who…" Ryoko arched an
eyebrow, as if issuing a challenge, her words scornful. "But I guess
even someone like you would know your name when you hear it."

"Why, you…!!!!"

The temperature in the room skyrocketed, as the pent up tension
and energy the girls had amassed and accumulated, having lost its
original focal point, namely Tenchi, filled them almost to the brink,
and was all too rapidly redirected at one another, both from internal
pressures and force of habit.

Washu observed passively and Tenchi stared in fear as Aeka’s blue
energy field coaelsced out of nothingness at astonishing speed,
while countless orange motes of energy were channeled in a blink
of an eye into the glowing spheres in either of Ryoko’s palms. Both
their visages were now convulsed as savage rage distorted their
countenances, which on so many occasions had been beautiful
and comely to his eyes.

RUN! Get away from here!

NO! I can’t, I will NOT let them hurt each other!

Look, they always fight and they both always get out fine, so…

I won’t take the chance. Besides, they promised me.

Come on, run! You’re SCARED, so damn you run for it!

Tenchi’s eyes narrowed.

It hurts me all the time, and it has always hurt me. But I have always
ran and ran from it. Not now, not this time. 

His fingers closed around Tenchi-ken, even as Aeka’s forcefield
became almost opaque, and the light from Ryoko’s hands and
Aeka’s field engulfed the room to make it as bright as day.

I shall face my fears head on. They shall not hurt each other again. I
am armed, I have my will, my skill, my power as a Juraian…

Even as the pressure in the room built up so it seemed well nigh the
time the dam would burst, his fingers suddenly loosened on
Tenchi-ken.

…and my faith in them…

Ryoko’s hands shot up, the orange blazing so brightly her arms
were barely visible, even as the enraged Aeka streaked forward, lost
behind her scintillating shield, and in that same instant Tenchi
instinctively launched himself back into the room right between the
two of them.

… will protect me.

====================================

His glasses glinted in the night, as he walked over the blasted area.
Here and there, patches of greenery had been spared from the
devastation in this area, but otherwise haphazard lines of
desloation topped with potholes from blasts showed this place
must have recently been a veritable no man’s land. Severed tree
trunks, piles of guttering ashes, and several long grooves of
uniform destruction marked the scars of combat about this area.

The long grooves were easily attributed to Aeka - her force field
must have consumed the area she passed over as she raced into
battle. Ryoko too, accounted for the blasts and fallen logs, but if he
suspected that there was no way Aeka and Ryoko could have been
angry enough at one another to cause this kind of damage while
trying to kill each other, there could be no doubt now there was a
third party.

Here and there, the logs were nicked with grooves from a laser
weapon, similar to that of Ryoko’s blade. However, the nicks were of
varying depth over surfaces, sometimes over the same surface, and
the slicing apart of the trunks left minute oscillations that failed to
escape his discerning eye. It would also accounted for the silvery
red beam he saw descend from the sky at Tenchi’s house.

It wasn’t often that he was worried, but there could be no doubt he
was now, even if only a little.

Granted, he nodded to himself, Aeka and Ryoko by themselves
were already a recipe for trouble, so throw the rest in and these kind
of things should be commonplace.

But not as commonplace as this. Chasing the cyborgs into space,
he had guessed, was already a rather interesting episode, but that
was barely two days ago, yet already something new had surfaced
and was sweeping in towards them, like waves on waves rushing in
towards the shore to wear it down.

Deciding there was nothing he could do to repair the damage to the
beauty of this forest he so loved, he turned to leave, and the
moonlight glinted off his glasses again.

Oh, you still here? I see.

Soundlessly, but seemingly at ease and utterly relaxed, he slid after
the person creeping through the forest at night, keeping a
respectable distance away, and pausing now and then to appreciate
the incandescent light streaming out of the windows of Tenchi
room.

Tenchi will have to spend most of this summer picking up his room,
it seems, as he considered the general inevitability of the explosion.

====================================

The light’s intensity climbed to a climax, then suddenly dimmed, and
died completely away, throwing the room back into night again.

Noth… nothing happened…

His heart’s palpitations slowing down, Tenchi hesitantly opened his
eyes, full of incredulity and relief. Sure enough, instead of the
wreckage that should have greeted him, the walls of the room did,
dimly, for the electrical lights overhead seemed pathetically feeble
relative to the searing brightness that had just died away. He was
looking straight ahead, over his bed and out at the window… that
meant Ryoko and Aeka were on either side of him, and anxious fear
clouded his mind as he dared not look to see if one of them had
been hurt. 

"Aeka? Ryoko?" He whispered, tremulously. The dim light in the
room seemed to change his surroundings to his senses, as though
it had faded into an alternate, shadowed dimension he had been
brought to, and he dreaded to see the spectres of pain and suffering
that might arise from around him.

For a reply, two hands landed on his shoulders, one from either
side.

"We’re… fine." Two voices replied, just by his ears, and his tense
body sagged down, relaxed, as he let a half sob of grateful relief.

"I’m sorry, princess." Ryoko’s voice, from his right. "I… didn’t mean
to call you…" There was a pause, as Ryoko forced herself to admit
her mistake. "…names."

"I know you are, or you would have struck me already." Aeka
smiled, albeit mirthlessly. "And I shouldn’t have been as quick to
anger as I did."

"Yeah. I hate to think what might have happened to Tenchi’s room."

Tenchi blinked at this comment. "HUH!?"

My room is more important to them than me!?

The girls looked curiously at his expression, then…

"Tenchi you *BAKA*!" Both of them laughed, and threw themselves
on him.

What did I do? What did I do!?

"Errr… what now!?" He whispered nervously.

"That was so *sweet* of you, Tenchi, to try to protect me from that
wicked, wicked princess," Ryoko purred, teasing him, then her
voice grew an edge. "But there had better *not* be a second time…"

"While that was brave of you, lord Tenchi," Aeka warned, more to
the point. "I promise you, if ever you try *that* again, I will personally
see to it that you will summarily be flogged!"

Tenchi blinked, bewildered…

"I’ll second that, Aeka!" Ryoko growled, menacingly.

"So now you heard us, *don’t* you ever DARE try that again." Aeka
admonished.

Thus concluded, both of them kissed him on either side of his
cheeks.

!?!?!

Ryoko’s amber eyes met Aeka’s amethyst ones as they drew back
from him.

"Princess?" Questioningly.

"Ryoko?" Inquisitively.

There was a moment of awkward silence, as Tenchi tried
desperately to pull his thoughts in about him and back in line, to try
to make sense of the bizarre, at least to him, actions of the girls, but
being confused, worried, relieved, and still being clung on to by
both of them, his mental state was far from optimal for such
complicated operative measures.

The silence was shattered by slow, steady claps from somewhere
behind the three of them. As one, they turned around, to look
bewildered as Washu, beaming pleasantly, stepped into the room,
her hands doling out slow but somehow sincere applause.

"Well done," Washu grinned cheekily, but there was a muted
seriousness in her eyes as well as radiant pride as she looked upon
the three of them. "I doubted you there for a moment, but it seems
like you managed to pull it off." Somehow, without her having to
change her demeanour, Washu’s smile became sincere.

"Huh?" Tenchi asked, somewhat glad that a new emotion apart
from apprehensive uneasiness was coursing through him.

"Well, I suppose it might be you, Tenchi, but I think we all knew it
would simply be a matter of time of time and place before you tried
to pull off something like this, didn’t we?" She smiled at Aeka and
Ryoko, a wee too sweetly for them to be at ease. "But for you girls,
it’s nice to know you’re finally learning to grow up, just like Kiyone."
Washu chuckled a little to herself as she thought of the detective
back in the bath.

"What do you mean?" Ryoko frowned uncertainly at her.

"Please explain, Washu," Aeka asked, trying to appear composed.

"Simple really," Washu smiled pleasantly. "Neither of you could
possibly have seen each other through that all that your brilliant
energies were emanating, or even have seen Tenchi at all. From the
power being built up, both of you were very aware the other one
was indeed summoning up power that could be potentially
threatening, yet at the last moment, you both decided you couldn’t
find the hate inside to make you actually hurt one another that
much." She smiled to herself, and folded her arms up in front of her,
satisfied with herself as she saw the looks of unreserved joy Tenchi
was giving to Ryoko and Aeka, who were standing there, somehow
looking all at once embarrassed, sheepish yet full of pride. "Heh,
and don’t you even dare tell me you don’t understand, because you
do…"

The two girls shot a second set of glances at one another again, but
this time it was in mutual understanding, empathy, and most
prominently, with respect.

"Thank you, princess."

"It must have been harder for you, Ryoko."

Washu smiled to see that Tenchi looked positively radiant now, his
brown eyes loving and warm, while the smile across his face
practically shone out to cast its effulgent light over both of the girls,
and then she stepped back to the door, bending down to pick up
something by the side. "Congratulations, all three of you." She
straightened, and the three could see she held in her hands a box of
dimensions about twenty centimetres, wrapped up in a
psychedelically bright mix of silver, purple, cyan and pink wrapping.
"Looks like you all deserve this, so come get it, Tenchi."

Tenchi blinked, as Aeka and Ryoko looked at each other
questioningly, then suddenly he remembered...

The gift!

"Thank you, Washu!" Tenchi breathed, his face jubilant, as he
halted in front of her. 

"Heh, it’s really nothing to a genius like me…" Washu grinned back,
eyes twinkling as she placed the package into Tenchi’s eager
hands. Originally Washu had wondered if the item would serve the
purpose she intended, but seeing Aeka and Ryoko a moment ago,
she had no doubt it would be welcomed. "It’s all fixed for you."

Exuberant, Tenchi hurried back to Ryoko and Aeka, and set the
object down before them.

"Tenchi, what is this?" Aeka asked, as they both kneeled down to
look at it.

"It looks kind of familiar…" Ryoko’s brows furrowed.

"Well…" Tenchi started as he sat down behind the box. "Earlier, I
thought after I got both of you mad at me, the least I could do was to
give something back to both of you… something that you would
both like." A certain degree of unease crept back into him as he
suddenly realised he too, had no idea what Washu had done with
the presents, nor if Ryoko and Aeka would like them…

Washu winked at him as he looked back uncertainly at her.

Tenchi turned back around, not exactly comforted, uncertain, only
to see Aeka and Ryoko both had their fingers barely an inch from
the present, but they had froze in the act and were looking at each
other uncertainly, as if unsure who should open it.

"How about Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.

"Lord Tenchi then," Aeka replied, then as one they withdrew their
hands, and watched as Tenchi sweatdropped…

Come on, Washu’s a friend…

Yeah, but in case you forgot, what does she invent? Not to mention
all the encounters with her in the lab…

Then the image of Washu’s smiling at them, congratulating them,
materialised in his mind.

No, she knows what she is doing and she means well, I *know* it.

Here goes, then.

His hands carefully unwrapped the top of the package, and it was
with some degree of disappointment that the three of them saw it
was merely the top of the box Ryoko had given him…

"Hey isn’t that my…!?" Ryoko started.

"Washu borrowed your things to help fix up Aeka’s." Tenchi
answered, his hands pausing.

"Oh, to help fix up Aeka’s…" Ryoko blinked. "Well, then okay."

Whew, Tenchi thought, as he continued unwrapping the box. For a
moment there he was worried that Ryoko would blow up at the
thought of her gift being given away by Tenchi.

"Why is it so big?" Aeka asked. "And where are my doves?"

"I… really don’t know…" Tenchi sweatdropped again. "I suppose
Washu must have done something…"

Washu smiled, as he cleared the wrapping at the side…

Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka all started back, as the lid of the box
sprang open backwards by itself, and Tenchi moved himself slightly
so he could see what was inside. The fresh perfume of cherry
blossoms wafted out from within to envelope the room, and a sweet,
tinkling melody drifted on the air on the waves of cool mist that
rolled out from within the box. Almost as if they were beholding a
ceremony, Aeka, Ryoko and Tenchi watched with wide eyes as a
violet stand, shimmering oddly as though it were laced with gems,
rose from within the box. 

On it a pair of pink crystal doves, shining through the mist, the light
glinting off their immaculately made surfaces, and overlaid with
silver over parts of their outline, and their pristine beauty fitted in
perfectly with the clear music in the background, while a silver
locket was hung around both their necks.

"Heh, like it?" Washu asked the three of them.

The mist died out, and one could see that within the pink crystal
doves, there were embedded certain letters. Looking carefully, they
saw that one had, in cyan, the kanji lettering for Ryoko, while in the
other, the silver shone out as pink with the kanji name for Aeka, and
around the each doves’ neck, there was a single wrist band of light
blue and purple.

"Washu…" Aeka was the first to catch her breath. "Thank you…"

"Don’t thank me," she grinned. "It’s Tenchi after all, who asked me
to get this thing fixed up for you two." Tenchi coloured slightly as
Aeka smiled at him, but Ryoko had noticed something else…

"HEY!" Ryoko exclaimed, as she looked upon the locket. "You took
out my name!" she exclaimed, turning to Washu as she saw
Tenchi’s name alone was on the locket, yet the letterings had been
their dimensions increased so it filled the space neatly.

"I didn’t," the professor threw Ryoko an enigmatic smile. "Think
about it, Ryoko." She tilted her head in Tenchi’s direction. "You
know this is right."

Ryoko and Aeka looked back on the doves… side by side, each
beautiful, just as they were in real life, albeit in their own ways, and
indeed side by side they were… and around both of them, Tenchi.

"I’m sorry, Ryoko…" Tenchi started, as Aeka gave Ryoko a strange
look.

Ryoko pressed her lips together, and looked from Aeka to Tenchi,
then back to Aeka.

"Ryoko?" Aeka found herself confounded by the odd bittersweet
smile Ryoko gave her. "Are you… upset?"

"No, not at all," her smile brightened, but it was still fragile
somehow, as her eyes temporarily cast down onto the floor. "I
guess… it’s right, I suppose." Her voice quavered slightly.

"It is?" Tenchi looked up in surprise, only to see Aeka move closer
to Ryoko, as the space pirate seemed to falter a little.

"Yeah," Ryoko managed, weakly.

Aeka, looking concerned, at the same time touched in some
manner, gently reached out for Ryoko. The space pirate looked at
her outstretched hand, then raised her gaze back up to look into
Aeka’s eyes…

Aeka…

I know how you feel, Ryoko… but you have to see it anyway.

I know, but it hurts… how long have you known it already?

I’m not sure. It doesn’t really matter.

We still have a long way to go, Aeka.

Yeah, we do.

Ryoko gingerly put her hand into Aeka’s, and she smiled again.

"Err… are you both all right?" Tenchi asked, nervously looking from
one to the other.

"Yeah," Aeka smiled, turning her eyes to Tenchi. They seemed to
have opened up and cleared in some way or another, and Tenchi
felt as though another barrier between him and the real her, the one
beyond the cold exterior, had been torn down.

"We’re fine," Ryoko echoed, the warmth returning to her face, like
the sunshine returning to melt the water, like the dawn of spring at
the end of winter, and to Tenchi it seemed he looked into a wiser,
stronger Ryoko…

"Thank you," he replied, his voice choking with emotion, though he
didn’t really know why he said it, then gently put his arms around
both of them.

Washu watched as Ryoko and Aeka snuggled up to Tenchi, and
smiled.

====================================

Shrouded in the shadows, the figure stood vigil within the forest,
the entirety of the intense, brilliant blue eyes focused on the area
around and most notably, on the base of the stairs and the route
from it to Tenchi’s house. 

Apart from the occasional quick movements of the eye, it remained
absolutely still, settled still as death upon the perch which offered it
the ideal splendid view. Since it had decided this place offered a
exceptional surveillance point, and had reached here, it had not
moved for the past fifteen minutes, and its gaze had not let up on its
surroundings and the vicinity, except to note that the light from a
certain room had vanished, but strangely there had been no
eruption of sorts.

It was a while more, before a figure of a lady emerged from the
direction of the house, walking up the path. Dressed in long blue
skirt and a figure-hugging light green top, her long hair seeming
almost black against the darkness of the night, as she walked with
slow, uncertain steps, towards the direction of the shrine. Her head
was inclined slightly, looking at once wary yet weary.

The watcher waited, not moving a muscle, except for the lips just
barely curling up at the ends, as the gaze followed Kiyone, who
stopped for a moment at the base of the steps, green eyes shining
oddly, staring up at the temple steps before her. 

The shrine seemed so far ahead, to stretch so high and far ahead…

After a moment’s hesitation, the detective started her ascent, her
every step deliberate and slow, as if she were trying to take the time
to sort out her emotions. 

With bated breath, the watcher observed her, every minute seeming
to crawl by. Although waiting for so long was far from normal
behaviour, the vigilante had a gut feeling that it would be better to
wait and see rather than step out in the open and approach Kiyone.
It seemed as if there was another, close by too, keeping watch on
Kiyone, and there was a nagging feeling that the watcher’s own
form was being observed.

Kiyone had almost ascended about twenty steps below the
watcher’s level, when there was a brief movement in the forest on
the opposite side of the forest. The observer started in surprise as a
shadow seemed to solidify, forming out from the shadowed
nothingness, and walk out onto the steps before Kiyone. There
could be no mistaking the face, and the watcher arched an eyebrow
in respect.

Hmm, he’s *good*. I didn’t even see him…

Well, what does that matter? I’ve found him.

In the moonlight, Kiyone saw the strands of dark blue hair move
gently to the cool wind, and saw that Kova wore a black jacket,
zipped all the way up, rather than hanging open with a T-shirt
beneath as he usually did, with dark blue pants below. Even though
his skin was not dark, one would have sworn he was practically a
creature of the night, he and his choice of clothing blended in so
well…

"Thank you, Kiyone-chan," he whispered, very softly, and the
watcher could not catch his words.

Kiyone looked up at him, her gaze even, steady, and cold.

Kova nodded slightly.

I understand… I’m sorry.

Stepping diagonally before her, about two steps higher, he
stretched out a hand, and waited. Kiyone watched him icily, then
turning her gaze away, continued climbing the steps, at her old
pace, slowly and deliberately. 

The unseen observer watched, with no small amount of surprise, as
Kova seemed to tremble slightly, pressing his lips together, then he
turned his back to Kiyone and climbed at her pace, maintaining the
gap of two steps between them.

Hmm, strange… but amusing.

The thin lips curled up into a full smile.

Looks like he will be mine… soon.

She tensed her body, her muscles bunching up in anticipation, as
she counted the number of steps between herself and Kova.

… twelve, eleven, ten…

Then her eyes widened in astonishment as Kiyone soundlessly
drew her GP blaster from within her pocket, the weapon seeming to
flow out of her form, so smooth and fluid her actions were, and she
raised the weapon up…

She doesn’t…!?

The shadowed clouds above the night sky seemed to draw closer
together, cutting off some of the moonlight, as an icy, thin smile
distorted Kiyone’s frigid countenance, and the blaster settled into
position, aiming right at the back of the unsuspecting Kova’s
head…

=== End of Chapter ===

PLEASE send COMMENTS & CRITICISMS! (C&C)

IMPORTANT :
I'm seriously worried I may have serious difficulty finishing D&L b4
Jan 2000, so in case that happens I want to set up some kind of mailing
list for D&L. Basically it will tell u when a new chapter comes out.
Please mail your Name & Email to zyraen@yahoo.com, no other data is reqd.
If u like u can provide your age, sex, and readiness to C&C.

NOTES:
Kova is in a way, an SIed character. Pls include him in your
comments, whether I have portrayed him as a person, as a friend
or foe, as one of the gang, and most importantly, as a human being.
I have some pictures of him, not too good pencil drawings, if you
wish to take a look pls mail me.

I hope you have enjoyed this Fanfic as much as I have typing it.
If there are any more grammar errors, I beg your forgiveness, as
my sole proofreader is myself.

This is my first FF, so go ahead and mail me at zyraen@yahoo.com
with comments, especially on character portrayal, realism.

PLEASE send COMMENTS & CRITICISMS! (C&C)

