First of all I do not own these characters. AIC/Pioneer owns them and I'm writing this story
without their permission. I'm doing this just for fun so there is no reason to sue me.
However I'm pretty sure that I own the characters created by myself (which are not entirely 
too much), but if anybody is going to use them without my permission I wouldn't be mad, but 
really surprised.


' - - - ' means thought of a character



The Dark Fleet


Chapter 2 - Revelations


For some moments nobody spoke a word on the bridge of the Yeno, shocked by the 
appearance of the dark ship in front of them.
"How could they have gotten so close without us noticing?" Ayeka murmured to herself.
"This ship seems to possess some advanced cloaking device," answered Kamidake.
"But such devices are forbidden by Galactic Law."

The ship shook again under their feet as another attack struck home.
"I suppose these individuals are not interested in Galactic Law." Azaka remarked.
"Open a com link. Perhaps they just don't know who they are dealing with."
"As you wish princess." The log guardians fell silent as they operated the ships systems 
through their mental link. After some moments Kamidake turned to Ayeka again.
"They are blocking all communication. We cannot get trough."
A grim expression appeared on Ayeka's face.
"Then we will have to talk to them in their own language. Open fire! Try to take out their 
weapons."

Sasami was still standing in the same spot staring at the dark ship.
Her older sister put a reassuring hand on her shoulder.
"We will stop them," she encouraged the little princess.
"But who are they? This ship is so scary."
"I know Sasami," was the only thing Ayeka could say.
'I hope this will turn out alright in some way.'
But her hope was shattered, as the powerful laser blast of the Yeno was completely absorbed 
into the enemy shield.

"We are not able to penetrate their shield." Azaka explained.
The dark ship returned fire and this time the impact was accompanied by a small explosion on 
the hull of the Yeno.
"Damn, we can't take much more of these," Ayeka said, losing her composure.
The dark ship was quite a bit bigger than the Yeno and seemed not to be capable of quick 
maneuvers.
"We must avoid their blasts!" the princess ordered her guardians.
"We will protect you ma'am," they replied in unison.

The dark ship fired a couple more blasts, which the Yeno barely dodged. The counter blow 
was again stopped by the enemy's shield.

'We cannot keep this up much longer. At this rate we are going to be destroyed," Ayeka 
thought gloomily. She knew that the Yeno wasn't a warship, but even an average Jurai ship 
was supposed to be more powerful than most of the known ships in the entire galaxy.
'Something is terribly wrong here.'

A terrified look crossed Sasami's face as she saw another laser blast coming at them and 
realized that they wouldn't be able to avoid it completely this time.

The shield of the Yeno collapsed entirely and the blow hit one of the side wings of the ship.
Ayeka and Sasami were thrown through the room as the whole side wing was ripped of the 
ship and exploded in a huge fireball.

"We have received massive damage. All sections with hull breaks are being sealed up." 
Azaka stated with a hint of worry.
"All main systems are still functional. Shall we return fire?" came Kamidake's question.

Ayeka slowly got to her feet again and was relieved to see Sasami doing so too.
"No, it's no use. Their shield is way too powerful," she answered, with a look of fierce 
determination.
"But princess Ayeka, we are going to be destroyed if we don't do something."
"I know. Use all the remaining energy to strengthen our shield!"
"But they will..." "Do as I say!" the princess interrupted Azaka.
"Yes ma'am," the guardians obeyed.

Another blast from the dark ship came in, but was deflected by the powered up shield of the 
Yeno.
"Now how do you like that?" Ayeka started laughing hysterically.

Sasami became a bit worried about her sister. She knew that every time Ayeka started 
behaving like this something really bad was going to happen.

"Princess Ayeka, we won't be able to take this any longer." Azaka stated, also concerned about 
Ayeka's behavior.
"We don't have to. Set a course for the enemy ship at full speed!" the older princess ordered 
still laughing like mad.
"Ayeka, what are you going to do?" Sasami asked although she knew the answer.
"If they are going to destroy us anyway we might as well take them down with us."

As the younger princess had feared her sister had completely lost it again.
'I thought only Ryoko was capable of that.' 
The last time she had done this they had survived and weren't hurt but this time Mihoshi 
wasn't with them. They were going to die in a few seconds.

The dark ship opened fire with all means. They seemed to have realized the Yeno's intention. 
But the improved shield of the Jurai ship remained functional.

Inside the ship sweat drops ran down the log guardians, Sasami's face showed a look of 
horror and Ayeka kept up her hysterical laugh as they approached the dark ship at full speed.

Just before the impact Sasami closed her eyes.
There was a loud roar like a close explosion, but no impact.
She opened her eyes again and everything was still in its place except the dark ship.
It floated all around them in space, turned into debris.

Ayeka was quite surprised at the unexpected change of events.
"How can this be possible?" she asked to herself.
"The enemy ship was destroyed." Azaka replied.
"I can see this. But who did it?"
"It's most likely that it was Ken-Ohki."
The unusual shaped ship appeared on the screen.
Ayeka's jaw dropped open. Of all the things she would have expected to happen, this was the 
last one. The bounty hunter Nagi had come to rescue them.

"Ken-Ohki is calling us," Kamidake announced.
Nagi appeared on the screen looking as grim as ever.
"I'm impressed. That was quite." Her eyes narrowed. "You!"
"What would the crown princess of Jurai be doing in such a remote area?"
"This is none of your business. But I am still obligated to thank you for your support." Ayeka 
replied coldly.
"Don't take this the wrong way. I was just interested in who would be crazy enough to pull a 
stunt like this," the bounty hunter explained.

'Even if she is the monster women's enemy, I still don't like her.' 
But Ayeka kept her anger down and concentrated on the situation at hand.
"However, do you know something about this ship you just destroyed?" She knew that it 
would be difficult to get any information out of the bounty hunter but she could at least try.
"Usually I'm not interested in ships without a bounty but sometimes it can be of advantage to 
be well informed."
"So you know about it?" Ayeka asked with impatience.
"Let's say I happened to pass by as their cloaking system failed for the first time."
"It failed?" Ayeka couldn't hide her surprise.
"Now don't tell me you didn't realize that the ship was gravely damaged. How else do you 
think would I be able to eliminate it with just one blast? At full power this ship would have 
been an even match for Ken-Ohki." Nagi seemed to be amused at Ayeka's shocked expression.

'This is impossible. How can such a powerful ship exist without Jurai knowing about it?'
Ignoring Nagi's mockery the princess asked: "But why did such a powerful ship get damaged 
in the first place."
"I suppose it was some kind of system failure," Nagi answered as if she was not really 
interested. "By the way, there is something you might want to know about. Just before you 
arrived the ships communication block failed and I was able to detect that it was receiving 
some encoded signals. I followed them back to the source and found out something very 
interesting. The source of the signals is located not far from Jurai and it's moving 
towards the planet."

Ayeka froze, a look of pure horror on her face.
"Ayeka what's the meaning of this?" asked a concerned Sasami.
"Princess we have to inform Jurai immediately." Kamidake was definitely troubled.
"Yes, we have to," was Ayeka's only reaction.



'How did it come to that?' Azaka asked himself for the hundredth time.
He was sitting comfortably in his chair behind a large desk with lots of paperwork in front of 
him. Never would he have expected to end up like this, as he was commissioned head of the 
Juraiian Military Defense Forces.

'I was a fool. What else should a high officer do when there is no threat at all and 
considering Jurai's military power it is most likely that there will never be a threat.' 
He sighted and took a sheet of paper from one of the piles at random.
The headline read: "Change of Jurai Interior Law Article 86 Paragraph 3."
'Just another one of these little adjustments after the Kagato incident.'
He quickly passed it over. It was about the emperor not being granted full military power for 
at least two months after the enthronement.
'Such laws would never have stopped Kagato.' He quickly signed the paper and placed it on 
another pile. 
Over half of the papers in front of him were law adjustments concerning military issues. The 
rest were things even more useless.

Azaka sighted again and let himself relax in his chair a bit. He was doing this for about 
three weeks now and there seemed to be no end.
'I should not have taken this post. This is not the proper work for a knight in service.'
However the first week wasn't that bad with Ayeka and Sasami around. Until their log 
versions were revived Azaka and Kamidake had also been personal guardians for the 
princesses and they had spent a lot of time together. Playing video games with Sasami may 
have been frustrating but it was at least a challenge. 

Ayeka's journey to earth had left the two knights to their paperwork. Sometimes Azaka almost 
regretted not to have made them stay, although he knew it was the right thing for them to 
leave for earth.

'If nothing happens I may not be able to stand this any longer.'
As if caused by his thought the door opened and a very agitated Kamidake came in.

"We have received an urgent transmission from princess Ayeka," the knight started without 
formality.
"That's unusual. What does it say?" Azaka inquired.
He already knew that it would be bad news because of Kamidake's troubled expression.
"You have to hear for yourself," the younger knight responded as he came over and began 
typing on Azaka's terminal.
He quickly accessed the record of Ayeka's message and a distorted two-dimensional image of 
the princess appeared in front of them.
"Some parts of the message were damaged during transmission." Kamidake explained.

The image of the princess spoke up:
"... princess Ayeka of Jurai... When ... this transmission ... great danger... for the 
assumption that ... ships headed toward the planet. They are ... encountered one ... was 
barely able to ... I shall return ... as possible... Keep up your guard."

"An enemy fleet?" Azaka wasn't sure if he had got it right.
"It appears so," Kamidake returned.
"But what fleet would be powerful enough to stand up against Jurai."
"This particular one may possibly be. Princess Ayeka transmitted further information and 
although in fragments the facts are very disturbing."
"What about it?" Azaka interrupted impatient.
"I was coming to it. The ship the princess encountered possessed an advanced cloaking 
system. If there are more of them it will be impossible to spot them."
Azaka's expression darkened.
"According to the transmitted information this ship would at full power have been able to 
keep up with one of Jurai's best warships."

"I hope the princess is all right," was the only thing Azaka could say.
"Me too. But for now we have to straighten our defense." Kamidake said, urgency in his voice.
Azaka got a hold of himself.
"Very well then. How many ships do we have in orbit?"
"About fifty."
"I don't know if this is really necessary but we better send up all we have got. The 
planetary defense system will also be powered up."
"I suggest contacting the galaxy police for help as well." Kamidake threw in.
"A good idea. It will be done."

"Whatever danger is approaching us at the moment..." A grim expression formed on Azaka's 
face.
"... we will be best prepared."



Tenchi's day had passed by rather uneventful. He had enjoyed breakfast with his father and 
grandfather, who both had had quite a hangover, and learned that they had celebrated Ryoko's 
return up to late in the night.
Ryoko herself had still been asleep and so Tenchi was able to leave for school without further 
incidents.
However his concentration had not been as good as usual as he had thought about the 
consequences of the events of the previous day. Not once had he been able to answer the 
teacher's questions or not make a fool of himself by giving stupid answers

Now he was walking down the schoolyard with mixed emotions. On the one hand he was 
relieved that the embarrassing school day was over, but on the other hand there was Ryoko 
awaiting him at home and this meant trouble for him.
For a moment he considered not going home at all, but dismissed it quickly.
'After all she's not trying to hurt me or something. She just expresses her emotions without 
repression. No need to worry," he told himself and started laughing nervously.

"Tenchi, I asked you a question. Would you mind stop laughing and answer me," a voice 
beneath him brought him back into reality.
"Oh sorry Amagasaki, what did you say?" Tenchi asked scratching the back of his head.
"What's up with you today?"
Tenchi had known that eventually somebody would notice but he still had hoped he wouldn't 
be asked about it.
"Um, what do you mean?"
"You are totally out of it. That's not like you at all. Something must have happened."
For a few seconds Amagasaki seemed lost in thought than suddenly his face brightened up 
and he started grinning.
"I know. You've finally fallen in love with a girl." He gave Tenchi a slight elbow check.
"So who is it? Come on you can tell me."
Tenchi felt extremely uncomfortable.
"No, you got it all wrong. It was just that..."
"Tenchiiiii!" interrupted a voice, which made the young prince shiver.

Both Amagasaki and Tenchi tried to locate the source of the voice and soon found it standing 
at the entrance to the schoolyard a few meters away.
It was a rather tall girl with cyan hair in a striking style.

"I get it. It's her, is it? Strange, I've never seen her around, otherwise I would certainly 
remember."
Ryoko started running towards the two of them. 
Tenchi was a bit surprised at her bringing up enough discretion not to use her powers.
"Tenchi! I'm here to get you home!" she shouted across the yard managing to get the attention 
of nearly all of the students around.
Tenchi hoped that he would soon sink deep into the earth but instead Ryoko hugged him 
tightly in front of all his fellow students.
His face had turned the deepest shade of red ever to be seen on earth.

"Amagasaki, this is Ryoko my ... houseguest. Ryoko, meet Amagasaki," Tenchi managed to 
say his voice trembling in spite of his efforts to keep it firm.
"Hi!" Ryoko greeted sweetly.
"Well then Amagasaki," Tenchi tried to break free of Ryoko's embrace. 
"See you tomorrow." He managed to free himself.
"Let's go Ryoko," he said laughing like a fool.
"Okay my Tenchi." Ryoko took hold of his hand and they started walking across the schoolyard.
Tenchi could feel the eyes of all the students fixed on him.
'This will be the number one topic at least for the next few days.'

As they reached the entrance and disappeared around the corner they left behind a puzzled 
Amagasaki.
'Tenchi together with a girl like this? I just can't figure it out."

"Don't do this ever again!" Tenchi demanded as they made their way towards the bus stop.
"But I just wanted to bring you home and I have not even used my powers yet. What's wrong 
about that?"
Something about what she said bothered Tenchi a lot but he decided to ignore it.
"Well, I think it's that I'm not supposed to be seen with a girl like that."
"Who says so?"
"The other students. I have, kind of, a reputation to keep up, you know."
"I don't care about them," Ryoko said with anger in her voice.
"I only care about you and me," she whispered moving closer to Tenchi.
"That's because you don't have to go there every day."
"And neither have you. Why don't you stay with me all day?" Ryoko asked hopefully as she 
leaned her head against Tenchi's shoulder.
"You know that's impossible. I can't skip school."
"And you won't even let me come for you after it?" she asked, starting to trail her finger 
around on his chest.
"I really think it's better if the other students don't get to know you." Tenchi stated,
getting a little nervous.
Ryoko let him go instantly.
"If that is what you want, I'm fine with it." With these words she disappeared.
Fortunately nobody noticed.

'Why have things always to go out of hand when I talk to her.' Tenchi asked himself as he 
continued his way to the bus stop.
He felt sorry for upsetting her even if he didn't know exactly what he had said to upset her. 
Suddenly it struck him like lightning. His entire behavior may have implied that he didn't 
want to be seen with her.
'But that is the point. I do not want to be seen with her in public because I'm afraid she 
might do something stupid.' 
Tenchi realized that he had just told Ryoko that he did not trust her at all. He decided 
that he had to apologize to her and maybe even let her get home with him from school again.

But for now he hadn't any idea where she went and he was sure it would take some time until 
he got to talk with her again.
He reached the bus stop and was proved wrong. Ryoko stood there not bothering to look in 
his direction as if waiting for the bus.
Tenchi noticed that she was the only one waiting. Their hasty departure had gotten them there 
before time.
Not that it mattered to Tenchi anymore if there were people around or not.
He walked up to Ryoko and stopped at her side, then he focused all the courage he had and 
carefully put his arm around her on her shoulder.
"I'm sorry Ryoko. I wasn't aware of what I was saying... No, that's not it. I meant what I 
said and I'm ashamed for it. I shouldn't have distrusted you."
"You know I would never do anything to cause you trouble. If that's what happens when I 
come here I won't do it again." Ryoko said without looking at him.
"No, I was being foolish. I should be proud to be seen with you."
'Maybe you shouldn't overdo it right here,' his mind warned him.
But it was already too late.

Ryoko brightened up considerable as she faced him.
"Tenchi, I had given up hope to ever hear this from you." Her voice was filled with joy.
"Now let's go home." 
Tenchi withdraw his arm as a mischievous smile formed on her face.
"Yeah, the bus will be around soon," he said, sweat appearing on his brow.
"Why bother waiting for it?" Ryoko replied chuckling.
Tenchi retreated a few steps.
"What do you mean?" he asked although he had a vague idea of her intention.
"Wait and see."
"Um. I would rather use the bus, you know."
She disappeared in front of him and Tenchi became really nervous.
"Ryoko, don't do this!" he said glancing around fearfully.
Suddenly two arms appeared, one on either side of him, and enclosed around his waist.
"No, I don't want to!"
He was slowly lifted of the ground.
"Let me go! I don't want to fly!" Tenchi screamed frantically struggling with no effort.

Meanwhile two students wondered about the commotion ahead of them turning around the 
corner.
As the bus stop came into view they stopped frozen.
"Oh... I think today's lessons were just a little too hard on me," one of them managed to say.
"Same here buddy. Let's take a seat over there."
They turned around and disappeared behind the corner again.

Tenchi was struck by the realization that their altitude had already exceeded the limit of 
save return and slowly ceased his escape attempts.
Ryoko stopped floating vertically and accelerated at top speed.
"Whoa!" was all that came to Tenchi's mind.
Resisting the urge to turn around and cling to Ryoko he tried to calm himself.
'Remember, you have to trust her some more.'
After a while he started to relax a little and after a few more moments he actually began to 
enjoy himself. 
Underneath them unfolded a truly magnificent site and Tenchi tried to take in every little 
detail of it. 
The city that had almost completely disappeared behind them already. 
The many different colors of the woods and hills and of course the mountainside that passed 
by at amazing speed. A wonderful feeling took hold of him and for a brief moment the only 
thing he wanted was to keep flying like this forever.
But then he noticed something really disturbing.
They were not headed towards the Masaki residence anymore.

"Ryoko, we are going into the wrong direction." Tenchi spoke up.
"Is that so? Well, we'll have to stop then, right?" The way she spoke those words made 
Tenchi feel very uneasy.
Slowly they descended onto a clearing in the midst of a large wood.
As their feet reached the ground Ryoko let go off Tenchi and he turned towards her.
"I think we have to go that way." He pointed behind her with some urgency.
"I know. But I think we should stay here a little while longer. It's a so nice and quite 
place, far from any civilization," she said with an almost evil smile.
Tenchi cringed and desperately thought about a way out of this situation.
"Remember what you told me yesterday? To wait for the right time. Now seems the perfect 
time for me."
Tenchi already felt the blood gathering in his nose.
"Ryoko, stop it! I don't like this at all." That was a lie, but he was too scared to 
realize it.
"There is no need to be afraid Tenchi, just relax. I'll do the rest."
Tenchi decided to run for it but before he was even able to spin around, Ryoko charged at 
him, nailing his shoulders to a tree with both hands.
"I said stop it!!!" he screamed trying to break free. After some seconds of futile struggling 
he realized that Ryoko did not advance any further.
Still unable to move his body he turned his head to look at her and in this moment his mind 
was wiped out.

Her lustful expression had vanished completely and was replaced by a serious look of sad 
determination which he had seen on her only once before.
"Do you love me Tenchi?" she asked. 
But Tenchi would not have been able to answer even if he had wanted to because he had lost 
all ability to speak.

Misinterpreting his silence she continued, "I thought you maybe stopped yourself from 
returning my feelings because you cared for Ayeka, but it seems I was wrong. If you regard 
me only as a friend I won't be able to stand it, so I will leave then." She decided that it 
was not a good thing to tell Tenchi that there was no place for her to go without him anymore.

Tenchi did not hear the words she spoke to him. His consciousness had drowned into her 
golden eyes, which returned his gaze expecting him to say something.
Wanting to get a better view of the astonishing sight in front of it Tenchi's head moved 
closer to Ryoko's.
Time froze as they got even closer and finally their lips met.
The kiss was passionate yet gentle and it seemed like an eternity to both of them until they 
finally parted again.

Totally startled at Tenchi's reaction Ryoko let go of his shoulders and stared at him in 
amazement.

It was then that Tenchi's mind returned to him and he realized what he had just done.
He wasn't in any way able to deal with his emotional outburst but he found this a good 
opportunity to get away before Ryoko might resume her advances encouraged by his actions.
So he slid away from the tree and run as fast as he could.
He was unaware of the fact that there was nobody following him.


                                               ... to be continued



Coming in the next chapter:

-	energetic reinforcements
-	ultimate combat
-	a hidden spectator
-	pondering events
-	a mad genius



Again thanks to Lois and Andrew for proof reading.

Dear reader, please send me your opinion to Kryo2000@gmx.net 
I can't live without it.