This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The 
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is 
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".

Note:  If you read about Nobuyuki's genes and are confused about it,
refer to the Tenchi Muyo Encyclopedia on the Tenchi the Movie 2 DVD.
It explains Nobuyuki's relationship to the Jurai Royal Family as
Nobuyuki being a distant descendant of Yosho.

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 9 - "Decisions...What to Do Next"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@email.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html


Ryoko had almost lost it.  The inn keeper and his family had made a
bed for Tenchi to lie on and she stayed by it all the time.  Anyone
who tried to do anything except Washu was chased away by Ryoko.

Washu had recovered from her unconsciousness and was working on a
subspace link to her lab so she could give Tenchi, Mihoshi, and
Kiyone medical attention.  She was upset at the loss of Mayuka and
anyone could see the sadness in her eyes.  She worked tirelessly
(because she was upset) and finally got a link.  Ryoko helped Washu
carry everyone to the lab.  Ryo-Ohki was right behind them.  The
Cabot had suffered little injury.

Once the remaining group was in the lab Washu immediately began to
administer aid to everyone.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were still unconscious
but Washu gave them a strong sedative that would keep them knocked out
until the operations were complete.  Their hands had been seriously
damaged.  If it would have been up to Earth doctors, the hands would
have been amputated.  But Washu had delicate machinery that could mend
nerves, muscles, ligaments, bone, etc.  The machines began work on the
two officers hands (but all of this was not before she turned her
attention to Tenchi and put him in a life support chamber).

After a while, Ryoko walked in.

"Will he be all right?," Ryoko sniffled.

"Of course he will be...," Washu nodded, concentrating on the screen
and typing constantly on a keyboard.  She was breathing shallow breaths
and shaking.

"What are we going to do?," Ryoko's eyes began to water.

"I don't know!  Leave me alone for now so I can help Tenchi!," Washu
huffed in frustration.

"NO!  I WANT TO STAY AND BE BY TENCHI'S SIDE!," Ryoko snapped.

Washu turned to Ryoko, "I know you're upset!  I can feel your inner
torment because Tenchi is injured badly!"

"And I can feel your inner torment over Mayuka's loss!"

"GET!!!!...OUT!!!!," Washu got out of her chair, "DON'T...YOU...EVER...
MENTION...MAYUKA...IN MY PRESENCE!!!!," Washu threw a discarded computer
part at Ryoko, "I recommend you sleep it off before I lose my temper even
more!  GET OUT OF HERE!!!!!!"

Ryoko ran terrified.  Mother never acted this enraged before.  For once,
she decided to take her mother's advice and went to sleep.


Ayeka woke up in a dark room.  Everyone else was still unconscious.

The shapeshifter walked in with Kiyone's face in place of the
blankness.  The voice still was distorted and the hair still black.

"Princess Ayeka.  My, my...you look pitiful.  How it must have felt
to be overtaken by us.  How does it feel to be at the short end of
the stick and defeated?," the pseudo-Kiyone laughed, "And I heard
your little love mishap with Tenchi!  Poor you!  It must feel awful
to be rejected by your own family member! PAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA!!!!!"

"STOP IT!," Ayeka cried.

"The Light Jurai's era has ended!  We have Tsunami in our power and
your fleets are outnumbered!  Very soon we'll take on Galaxy Police
Headquarters and destroy the jewel of Jurai's territorial planets,
Earth!"

"NOOOO!!!!," Ayeka closed her tear-flooded eyes.

"It's the truth!  And if you ever managed to escape, Tenchi won't be
there!"

"What do you mean!?," Ayeka quivered.

"Tenchi is DEAD!  I killed him!," Kiyone's face did not suit the evil
look on the mysterious captor's face.

"YOU'RE LYING!!!!," Ayeka screamed on the top of her lungs.

"Don't worry!  You may be joining him once Jurai Ankoku-ou makes up
his mind!"

Ayeka sobbed beyond her control.  She felt she had jinxed herself in
her thoughts in the hangar.


About a day had passed since Washu had began treatment on Tenchi and
the others.  The hand reconstruction operation was a complete success
and the two Galaxy Police officers did nothing but wait on Tenchi to
wake up as well the others.  All of them knew that Tenchi was a vital
part of the solution to this war.  They held a meeting when Washu was
rested up.

"So," began Kiyone, "We have run into an enemy that can shapeshift at
will.  Is there any type of race in the known universe that can do
that, Washu?"

"I don't really think there is.  The only being that I can think of
that can shapeshift readily is the Mass.  But the Mass shapeshifts
only when threatened or when it gathers new data from a new leader,
or both.  The Mass has only one cell and is not capable of complex
intelligent thought."

"So, what do you think we are up against?," Kiyone scratched her head.

"We're up against a being that can manipulate large amounts of energy
at will.  It is more than likely a Dark Jurai because I have a limited
ability to sense ki like Tenchi and Ryoko.  The aura felt like a Dark
Jurai.  It takes a lot of ability to make energy to change your form."

"It did say it was of high rank," Mihoshi cut in.

"What kind of weapon does it take to beat a Dark Jurai of such a high
rank?," Kiyone asked.

"A very powerful one.  A weapon of Light Jurai make can beat a Dark
Jurai.  Any technological weapon such as a rail gun can not match a
Dark Jurai."

Kiyone remembered Ryoko's description of her dream.

"So all we have to do is get a Light Jurai weapon like...I forget!,"
Mihoshi got lost in her thoughts.

"The Tenchiken," Washu finished, "Only the Jurai Royal Family and
high class Jurai warriors can wield a weapon like the Tenchiken.
But only Jurai Royal Family members can touch the Tenchiken."

"So, all we need are some Jurai warriors!," Mihoshi cheered, "You
can think up the most brilliant things, Washu!"

"It's not that simple!," Washu commented, "Jurai weapon smiths are
rare and the sheer demand would be too much for them."

"Can't you duplicate the weapons with your machines?," Kiyone
came in with a possible solution.

"No.  My machines aren't magical things!  They can't give Jurai
weapons the energy from a Jurai tree like a Jurai weapon smith
can.  It requires a lot of time and considerable skill to craft
a weapon like the Tenchiken."

"Can we train Jurai warriors to use Light Hawk Wings like Tenchi
can?," Kiyone was quick to think once again.

"No.  Only certain Juraian genes allow that to be possible.  I
tested Tenchi's DNA and compared it to his ancestors.  I found
that certain genes in Tenchi's blood allow his body to generate
and withstand such power.  Some of Tenchi's more distant ancestors
have these genes as well."

"How were you able to determine that?," Kiyone raised an eyebrow.

"I snuck into Tenchi's ancestors' graves and took samples!," Washu
smiled, "And here's another note.  Juraian legend has it that
they could generate Light Hawk Wings as well!  And..."

"Two questions," Kiyone cut Washu off, "How far back are we talking
about and how did Tenchi's ancestors' genes stay preserved over
such a long period of time in a grave?"

"Answer to question one:  18,000 years, just 2,000 years behind
Tsunami's merging with a tree on Jurai.  Answer to question number
two:  The Jurai are nearly perfect with preservation techniques.
The DNA of Tenchi's ancestors entrusted with political power from
Tsunami is 99% intact."

"Whoops, one more question.  How come Azusa and other relatives of
Tenchi can't generate Light Hawk Wings?"

Washu's eyebrow twitched, "The gene has been dormant and dominated
by other genes.  When Yosho had Achika and she then married Nobuyuki,
that gene was dominant over Nobuyuki's genes.  Nobuyuki's genes are
mostly human with little Jurai in them.  And Yosho can't generate
them because of a gene in Funaho that also dominated the Light Hawk
gene.  Yosho also coincidentally married women that had dominant genes
over the Light Hawk gene."

"I get it.  But what happened in the lineage?  Did Tenchi's ancestors
part ways or do something?," Kiyone was a little confused.

"There were two separate families on Jurai that were entrusted with
political power on Jurai.  Those two families had some marriages and
the offspring of those marriages started the bloodline of the modern
Jurai Royal Family.  They were two different types of people.  One
branch could handle intense amounts of physical stress to the cellular
level, which was the branch that could generate Light Hawk Wings and
handle intense amounts of Jurai energy that was also entrusted to them
by Tsunami.  Jurai legend has it that Tsunami taught this branch the
technique of generating Light Hawk Wings after they were given Jurai
energy by Tsunami.  The other branch was fit to rule the people with
a natural governing ability.  They grew jealous of the other branch
that could handle intense amounts of power.  This was the branch whose
genes have dominated what I have dubbed 'the Light Hawk gene'.  After
a long argument, the Light Hawk gene branch left with their non energy
using followers to a planet unknown to our universe.  It is probably in
a distant galaxy that would take weeks or even months to travel to; even
with Ryo-Ohki's new drive upgrade.  This legend is probably a good,
likely theory why Lady Achika died after beating Kain.  The Light Hawk
gene was dominated in Achika's genes.  And when she used her full power,
the energy slowly ate her vital internal cells away and then accelerated
after she had Tenchi.  Does that answer your questions?," Washu exhaled.

Everyone looked burned out after Washu's long-winded monologue.

"What's the matter?," Washu widened her eyes.

"NO MORE!," Ryoko begged, "And don't tell me you investigated Achika's
corpse!  Tenchi would be really upset if he were to hear that!"

Washu got an insincere / nervous smile on her face, "No!"  <I just
gave myself away...,> sweat poured from Washu's forehead.

"And you've went through a lot of trouble to dig up Tenchi's ancestors!"

"Tenchi's genes are so...interesting!," Washu laughed nervously.

Ryo-Ohki sniffed the air, "Mya!," she ran in the direction of Tenchi's
life support chamber.  Everyone followed.

Tenchi had awakened and was walking around despite the blood loss,
which Washu immediately attended to.

Everyone was relieved to see that Tenchi was alive and well.

"That took a lot of fight out of me!," Tenchi groaned as he sat down,
"Any news on the Dark Jurai?"

"Nothing yet," Kiyone shook her head, "You need to get something to
eat to get your strength back.  We're going to need all the power we
can so we can get to our ships.  That is, if there are any Dark Jurai
or our ships haven't been destroyed...or both.  After that, we'll head
to Galaxy Police Headquarters and report."

"Sounds like a plan," Tenchi nodded.  <And I've got to get grandpa and
dad back!  And the others!,> Tenchi drooped his head at the thought of
what he said to Ayeka.


After eating, Tenchi put on his battle ring and got the Tenchiken
ready.  Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki, Kiyone, and Mihoshi followed suit and got
ready.

"Let's go!," Tenchi exclaimed.

"Wait!," Washu stopped them, "Before you go, I can tell you of a way
I can help you!  If you can distract the Dark Jurai and get them to
follow you, I can make a subspace link that will take them into the
vacuum of space!," Washu explained everything to them.  After that
they went through a subspace link to the hangar on Sakou.  Washu
went to the location of where the subspace link to space would be
opened


"There!," Tenchi exclaimed, "I sense about four of them guarding the
area.  All we need to do is distract them and get them to follow us!"

"Leave it to me," Ryoko became focused, "Stay here, Ryo-Ohki.
Everyone else, follow me!"

The four Dark Jurai were playing a traditional Jurai game when they
saw Ryoko teleport in front of them.

"I thought I sensed something!," one of them said as all of them
gathered to attack.

Ryoko stuck out her tongue and ran for it.  She noticed that they
were all of middle or high rank.  <Ohhhh!  I pray this works!>

The Dark Jurai decided to save their energy and chase Ryoko with
normal speed.  Besides, the inner hangar was congested and confining.
As the Dark Jurai were catching up on Ryoko, Tenchi came in to the
chase.

"It's Tenchi!," exclaimed one of the guards.  The entire group
turned and began to pursue Tenchi.

Tenchi ran like the time he got the Tenchiken from Ayeka on their
first meeting.  <This is a big mess I'm getting in to! And I have
no choice!>

Mihoshi and Kiyone were ready to distract the Dark Jurai.  They
joined Tenchi and covered with fire from their pistols which was
deflected by the pursuers.

"Next corner!," Tenchi yelled.  The group rounded the last corner
and ran past a waiting Washu who turned on the subspace link and
sent the four Dark Jurai into space.  Though they generated a
protective shield, their energy would run out eventually and
their bodies would explode if a ship didn't find them soon.

"Wasn't that better than getting beat up?," Washu smiled.

"Thanks, Washu," Tenchi returned the smile.

"Anyway, let's go!," Kiyone exclaimed and went on Yagami, Mihoshi
went on her ship, and Tenchi and Washu went on Ryo-Ohki.  They
opened the hangar door and left Sakou's atmosphere.

As soon as they left Sakou's orbit, an emergency transmission
came on.  All ships intercepted it and turned on the communications
screen.  It was a Galaxy Police journalist.

"The nightmarish onslaught of the Dark Jurai continues," the
journalist looked frightened, "Our fleets have lost an additional
150,000 ships.  The intent of the Dark Jurai is to lay waste to all
resistance and then attack every civilized planet in our known
universe!  The situation looks desperate...  Wait...  I have news
that we are about to witness a live battle over a planet called
Earth!"

Everyone gasped.  The Earth was helpless against the Dark Jurai.
The transmission came on....

"Oh, no...," Kiyone covered her mouth, "What will we do?"


End of Chapter 9
