Disclaimer :
Most characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.
They are in such a situation solely because of my imagination.
This story was written purely for fun.

This FF is based on the TV Series, with some powers drawn over
from the OAV, but with no Light Hawk Wings.

This story contains no sex, so please do not expect it.

Before I wrote this Fanfic, I have only read 2 Fanfics, Aikan
Muyo and To Love & To Hate. Since then I have read some others,
and have noted some writers have a tendency to portray some
characters inaccurately. I hope I have not fallen into that trap.

That's about it, I'm a simple soul at heart...


DARKNESS & LIGHT - No Need For Kova

By Zyraen

Chapter VI : No Need for a Perfect Evening

Dinner at the Masaki residence was muted, almost sober, as they 
contemplated the likelihood of Washu successfully recovering the stolen 
technology. The only two cheerful ones were Anako and Koneko, who were 
playfully bouncing about and around Aeka and Washu respectively.

"You know, we’re lucky in that he hasn’t used them yet," Aeka pointed out. 
"It would be awful for the Juraian Empire if that happened."

"The Galaxy Police too," Mihoshi said, even though she did not completely 
catch what was going on, she knew it was something serious. Strangely, 
Kiyone did not comment.

"I wonder how the rest of the space pirates would react?" Ryoko asked no 
one in particular. "Probably try to trick and steal the ship from him." 
She grinned evilly.

Tenchi threw her a disapproving sideways glance.

"But as for me," Ryoko continued, her evil grin vanishing into 
nothingness. "I think I’ll just stay here and help you guys, okay?"

"That’s good, Ryoko, because you probably won’t pull it off, and you 
and Ryo-oh-ki would wind up dead." Washu pointed out. "I knew Yoda
Shiro, whoever he was, and he was certainly among the brightest up
here." She tapped her cranium. "Given what he pulled off, I don’t
think anyone who knows him would even catch a whiff of him
owning a ship."

Kiyone’s ears pricked up, but outwardly, she appeared unmoved.

"Do you have any idea how this person looks like?" Sasami queried. "Since 
you knew him.."

"Well, there is a eighty-eight percent probability that he’s a male, 
given Yoda’s known character, and though he usually stands only about as 
tall as Tenchi, he could be a quite a bit taller, because he usually
had his shoulders slumped and his back hunched a little from poring
too much over things."

"Huh, you mean that’s all you know about him?" Ryoko asked. "After he 
spent so much time in the Academy?"

"Ryoko, in case you forgot, I only returned there last year." Washu 
glared at her. "I’ve seen him, but there’s a high probability most of his 
features were part of a disguise. Even if he were not trained, given his 
knowledge of science, that would be extremely likely, about ninety-six 
percent."

Kiyone stirred a little, but remained silent.

"So how are we going to capture him?" Aeka asked, her mind going back to 
Jurai’s interests.

"It’ll be difficult, to say the least, of getting hold of him in space. 
We’ll have to find him on a planet and take it from there. It’s our best 
chance."

"What’s the likelihood he’s here on Earth?"

"Very low, actually." Washu appeared sheepish, and Kiyone gave a soft 
exhalation of relief. Mihoshi was the only one who heard her, but she 
didn’t make much of it. "But I just have this feeling he is somewhere on 
Earth. In fact, very near."

"Like the phone call yesterday, I guess?" Tenchi asked. "Say, have you 
checked it up?"

"No, I haven’t. Say Kiyone, you’ve been very quiet so far. What’s your 
doctor’s name?"

Kiyone felt her mind tossing in tumult, wracked with indecision, almost 
as though it were being taken on a really crazy roller coaster ride.

Should I tell them I never made the call?

Should I tell them about him?

"I… don’t quite know." She replied. "He’s just my doctor…"

Tenchi and Sasami exchanged glances, remembering the figure they had seen 
last night by Kiyone’s slumbering form.

"Oh well, so much for intuition, I guess." Washu murmured, almost as 
though she berated herself for bothering with it at all. "If nothing 
turns up soon, I’m afraid I’ll have to go elsewhere to search. But if I do 
that, you all must orchestrate it so that it seems like I’m still staying 
with you all, or some people may get suspicious."

"That’s too bad, Washu," Sasami sounded sorrowful. "I was hoping you 
would stay…"

"There now, I’ve got to go save the universe from total disaster," Washu 
appeared cheery, but they could all see her expression was a little sorry 
to go too. "I haven’t thanked you for welcoming me back the way you did."

"I knew you would turn up sooner or later, Washu."

"I think all of us knew it." Tenchi added.

Washu feigned a slight smile.

Well, I’d like to know when *he* will turn up.

She saw Kiyone staring at her strangely, before returning to her dinner.

===========================================================

"Let’s go, Mihoshi. It’s getting late." Kiyone told her partner. Tenchi
furrowed his brow in suspicion - it was only eight twenty.

"But Kiyone! I haven’t got a chance to sing yet!"

"Look, even if you stay here longer, you won’t get a chance, not with 
those two hogging the microphone." Kiyone said, expecting Ryoko and Aeka 
to glower at her, which they did.

Aeka pouted and announced haughtily. "Just to show you how wrong you are, 
Kiyone," she extended the mike in Mihoshi’s direction.

"Oh, thank you, Aeka!" Mihoshi jumped up and reached for it.

Kiyone sighed, though she had foreseen it and was actually actively 
engineering it. "Oh well, fine then, Mihoshi. I’m going back to sleep, I’m 
not feeling quite well from last night yet." Turning to Tenchi, "Is it 
okay if Mihoshi stays here tonight again?"

"As to that, I think I’d like to talk about it outside," Tenchi 
replied, eyes narrowing as he stood up. Ryoko and Aeka glanced at each 
other, remembering the scene they had beheld in the morning, but as they 
saw the little princess stare meaningfully at them, they also recalled 
what she had said on Tenchi’s behalf. With a visible effort, the two 
forced themselves to remain in their seats.

Kiyone only nodded and went out, followed by Tenchi.

"Kiyone, I have something to ask you."

"What, Tenchi?" her voice sounded tired and strained.

"Who was that you were dreaming of last night?" His brown eyes bore into 
hers.

"Well well well. So I was right then. He was there, wasn’t he?" She 
replied, eyes defiant.

He nodded. "He was there all right. What I am asking is, who is he?"

"He… I cannot tell you Tenchi, not unless he gives me leave."

"But he said you were to decide if I were to know him."

"Well then, I’ll just have to ask him to make sure." Kiyone seemed 
irritated, and she turned to go.

"Yeah, I guess you’ll manage, huh?" Tenchi tried his alternative plan. 
"Only you forgot you were starving, and I had to bring your food up to 
your place."

Kiyone paused. She knew it was bait, but she did owe Tenchi.

"All right, if you wish to know, I never did tell you to do that. Nor did 
I make that call."

"So who called?"

"You’ll know in time, Tenchi. Take care of Mihoshi, okay?" And she 
quickly hurried up the stairs before Tenchi could react.

Why did I say that last statement? It sounded like…

Like I was going to leave them, or maybe even die.

All she meant was for Mihoshi to stay over, but somehow, it hadn’t quite 
come out the right way. And Kiyone knew herself well enough to know she 
didn’t often make such mistakes.

Forget that! She told herself. I must think of some way of asking Kova 
about those things tonight.

===========================================================

Her eyes were watchful, searching the shadows as she left the building 
and though she was clad normally in her white blouse and green tights, her 
blaster and yo-yo were both with her, hidden among her pockets. Her whole 
body was tensed, ready to react to the slightest threatening movement.

It was almost like she was on a GP assignment.

Kiyone shook her head, trying to dispel the feeling.

I’m on a date! She reminded herself, but still she felt wary and 
watchful.

She spun around as a figure moved among the shadows, and emerged into the 
light, clad in a dark blue jacket, a sky blue shirt and night blue pants 
that tapered around his legs. As her eyes lighted on his face, however, 
her expression softened and her green eyes melted.

Well, I certainly couldn’t hurt him, she told herself. How could I have 
forgotten his face?

Kova regarded her oddly. "You seemed very tense tonight, Kiyone-chan. 
What happened?" Then he smiled. "Or did you anticipate something special 
tonight?"

"I expected to see you." She replied, her old confidence returning. His 
presence was very comforting, and Washu’s words, her uneasy suspicion all 
faded into the background.

"That’s special enough for me, but isn’t it a little early now?" He 
looked uneasily up at her apartment. "Is Mihoshi asleep?"

"She’s staying over at Tenchi’s place. You’ve met him, I believe?" Her 
eyebrows arched as she made her veiled accusation.

Kova seemed to chuckle nervously, his usually calm expression 
dissipating. "Well, I just…"

"I’m waiting," Kiyone put her hand on her hip, trying not to laugh at his 
discomfiture and maintaining her stern appearance. It did feel good to 
know she could put him off balance, just like he did to her the first 
three times they met.

"… couldn’t stop thinking about you." His expression was earnest, if not 
a little embarrassed. "I needed to see you."

"And so you crept into my apartment while I was asleep." Kiyone 
soundlessly flapped her hands together in a parody of a clap, enjoying 
herself thoroughly. "Did you have something else on your mind?"

"No." Kova looked simultaneously puzzled and annoyed. Then he smiled, and 
gave Kiyone a sly glance, his blue eyes twinkling. "But what if I did?"

Yes, what if he did? Would I…?

Kiyone took a step back, blushing furiously, before Kova burst out 
laughing, his voice mellow and hearty in the night. "Kova-chan!" she cried 
out in feigned irritation, but her heart warmed at the sight of him so 
merry.

His mirth suddenly died. "You know, Kiyone-chan, these few days have been 
the happiest I’ve ever had. I don’t remember when I last laughed before I 
knew you." Kiyone blinked at his sudden mood swing.

"It’s the same with me, Kova-chan," Kiyone sighed. "Sometimes I wonder 
how we could ever thought we lived fully before we met."

"I guess we must have, somehow. Say, I’d like to hear about your past, 
Kiyone-chan," His eyes turned from her to the night sky. "The night is 
young, we can walk, and I can listen to you." He smiled at her. "I want to 
know about your life, Kiyone. Everything."

Kiyone nodded, touched. No one had bothered with her past before, not 
even Mihoshi.

Not even myself, she thought, with a tinge of pain.

"The story of my life is boring," she explained as they walked, side by 
side, so she could buy time to resurrect the dusty, untouched memories 
locked deep down within her. "Are you sure you want to hear it?"

"Don’t say that. Your life could never be boring, Kiyone-chan. Not to me, 
nor to anyone else."

"Oh well, here goes then." For a moment Kiyone wondered where he was 
taking her to, but his steps were sure and steady, and anyway she was sure 
she could trust him. "I was born on a planet far, far away."

"Wow, what amazing news." He stopped before a small cafeteria. "Want to 
snatch a drink?"

"Yes, coffee please, and if you’re going to hear me out, don’t interrupt 
me."

Before long they were sitting down, both sipping at their drinks, as 
Kiyone narrated her story.

"My parents were both GP officers, and both had a good record on their 
files. However, my father had perished on an assignment, and my mother was 
the only parent I ever had, and I was an only child. Among the earliest 
impressions of my mother which I still retain was that of a beautiful lady 
who was almost eternally sad. She had green hair, just like mine, only 
much lighter, and in my early years, she would always stare at this photo 
of my father." Kova raised his eyebrows questioningly. "I don’t have it, 
I’m afraid. My mother always kept it by her side. When I grew older, she 
told me the man in the photo was my father, and that he had gone away on a 
mission. He had black hair, like yours," Kiyone watched in concern as Kova 
flinched. "Why, what’s wrong?"

"I’ll tell you later." He took a quick sip at his coffee, averting his 
eyes. "Please continue."

"Every night, during dinner, the two of us would sit at a table set for 
three. Mother would always leave the seat opposite her empty, and hang 
father’s picture on the chair, with me sitting between them. Although only 
the two of us ate, she always laid the table for three, and she washed his 
bowl and chopsticks almost as though he was there and had eaten with us."

"Later, when I was around eight, she deposited me in the care of the Galaxy 
Police Academy, and left, I supposed, on an assignment, and from then on I 
never saw her again, at least not till I was twelve. She appeared a lot 
more older then, but she was still beautiful, and now that I think of it, 
I could see in her eyes her love for me. Yet, I remember when we met, I 
had quarrelled with her. I called her things I…" Kiyone bowed her head in 
grief. "I thought she had left me behind." Brokenly.

"I understand how you feel, Kiyone-chan." Kova spoke, his voice soothing. 
"Your father had gone off on a mission and never returned, and you 
naturally felt the same fear for your mother."

"Well, anyway, I told her that if she really loved me she would never 
have left me, and that day is the first time I can remember she cried 
openly for the first time before me, and…" Kova looked at her, worried. "… 
she told me not to think worse of her for it, for they had assigned to 
another mission…" Kiyone’s voice became choked with emotion. "I turned my 
back on her that day, though she was crying for me to stay. I turned my 
back…"

"You were only human, Kiyone-chan. You were angry. Don’t punish yourself 
for that."

"I turned my back…" Kiyone took a deep breath and recovered herself. ""I 
was so angry with her for leaving me for four years and then doing the same 
thing again. But anyway, I was sorry for that later, and I wanted to go 
back to see her, to apologise. But by then she had gone."

Kova nodded sympathetically.

"I kept on telling myself, all the nice things I’d do for her when I saw 
her again. I told myself how I’d make her happy, tell her how much I loved 
her for being my mother." Kiyone laughed bitterly. "But she never came 
back. They told me she had given her life for the team by ramming a space 
pirate ship whose shields their lasers couldn’t get through and that was 
about to fire on them. I was there at the posthumous award ceremony."

"The award didn’t matter that much to you, did it?"

"Not at that time. All I knew was that my mother was dead, that’s all I 
knew. I told myself, I’d make sure nobody ever wound up like me again. I 
was going to be the head honcho at the Galaxy Police, and I was going to 
make sure no child would ever suffer like I did."

"And that’s why you did so well at the Academy." Kova’s face was vacant, 
carefully devoid of emotions. "And you never did think of starting up a 
family, did you, Kiyone-chan?"

"My parents tried." Kiyone’s face was sorrowful, then her gaze met with 
his. "Do you think…?"

"I believe where there’s a will, there’s a way." His words were spoken 
low, but the determination in his tone could be heard. "Tell me about how 
you met Mihoshi."

"I first met her two years after my mother’s funeral, when she joined my 
class. She was a clown, a dunce, and everyone poked fun at her. I just 
ignored her, as I did the others, and concentrated on my practice and 
work. I was an ace with the blaster, even back then, and I was selected to 
be trained in using the energy yo-yo, the only one in my class."

"One day I saw Mihoshi was crying, all by herself. Apparently some 
heartless bastard had… you know. I saw how heart broken she was, and I 
told myself, swore to myself, I’d never allow myself in that position, not 
ever." Her green eyes glittered with anger.

"I was wondering which hopeless idiot had trampled on your heart and 
almost killed it, but I guessed I was wrong. It was Mihoshi’s pain that 
silenced your emotions." The blue eyes stared into hers, boring deep into 
her soul. "That’s why you’re so close to Mihoshi. You share a heart."

Kiyone felt the truth in the statement gnaw on her consciousness, but 
then she quickly recovered herself. "Anyway, she was in some kind of a 
depression, and I sort of picked her back up again."

"You must have been very strong, Kiyone. You didn’t tell me about anyone 
picking you up when you were down."

She forced herself to ignore him so she would not be distracted from her 
tale. "And she became a sort of a friend, until we graduated" Here Kiyone 
frowned. "And then we became partners. It has been a nightmare ever 
since." She sighed. "The top position at the GP Headquarters seem so far 
away now."

"But you never regretted reaching out to Mihoshi, did you?"

Kiyone nodded. "She was so broken… If I could turn time back, I’d do it 
all over again. And anyway, if it weren’t for her, I’d never known 
Tenchi." She smiled. "And I’d never have known you…"

"Go on, with your story." Kova said, though the tender edge had returned 
to his voice.

"There really isn’t much more. God knows how many assignments I’ve been 
through, and all with Mihoshi." She put her hand to head as though she had 
a headache. "Makes me really surprised to know I’m still alive. I guess 
whatever force that’s up there governing the world, it does favour me in 
some sick way." Looking back at him. "Well, what about you?"

"Me? I didn’t think I’d ever get asked that question. At least not until 
a certain someone called me Kova-chan."

"Get on with it," Kiyone pressed him, but she was smiling. In the back of 
her mind, something told her to watch out for points hinting to him as the 
object of Washu’s quest.

"Well, let’s see now…" He tapped his forehead.

"Don’t waste my time, Kova-chan. I know you expected me to ask this so 
don’t pretend to think."

"I’m not wasting your time, I’m waiting for something to happen." He 
explained, though it was clear he did not want to explain it, it was so 
ambiguous. "Anyway, here goes. Unlike you, Kiyone, I was not actually 
gifted with parents. I suppose they must exist, but my memories are of the 
gutters and shadowed alleyways of Jurai, of street urchins from whom I 
learnt the basics of survival."

Kiyone raised her eyebrows in surprise. "I didn’t know you were from 
Jurai."

"And I see you haven’t looked in my file, Kiyone. I wonder why?"

"I guess I just didn’t want to know…"

"There are some things we have to know about each other, Kiyone-chan." 
His voice was tired and weary. "It’s all part of seeing someone for what 
he or she really is. If you don’t see that, you can’t truly feel for that 
person. You’ll just feel for someone who doesn’t really exist."

"So that’s why you told me you knew about Sasami. I’ve been meaning to 
ask you that."

"I know it hurt, but I had to let you know. Forgive me, Kiyone."

Kiyone swallowed, hard. "I’d like to know more about you, for now."

"And I oblige," he continued. "I learnt earliest the art of stealth and 
of thievery, using it to scrounge for food and to pay protection money. 
One day, after a particularly poor week of pickings, I didn’t have enough 
money to pay up. I ran, I hid, I fled. But they were the ones who had 
taught me at first, and eventually they cornered me in an alley. I was 
beaten up badly, but was left alive so they could continue to collect 
money from me. I remember I woke up to the sound of singing. Some diva had 
been invited to some house nearby, and I could hear it dimly over the 
walls. It helped me stand up again on my trembling legs. The song was too 
high pitched for me to sing, but I heard the voice of the person as she 
made her speech thanking everyone for inviting her over and listening to 
her. In memory of the song I couldn’t sing, I repeated to myself her 
speech, exactly as I heard it. Later, still ragged and bleeding, I went 
over to where they were, and watched as all the high and mighty and rich 
people filed out. For some reason, I started repeating the speech to 
myself, and suddenly the people started heading towards me. When they 
found out who I was, they looked at me, shocked, but strangely, they 
didn’t chase me out. It didn’t take me long to realise I had a talent for 
duplicating other people’s voices."

"So that’s how you got my lunch, or dinner, for me yesterday."

"Yup, I posed as you, Kiyone. I hope you don’t mind, and anyway, I’m sure 
you must have enjoyed your dinner."

"I did, thank you. Now, on with your story."

He glanced at his watch, and Kiyone was surprised to note it was just an 
ordinary earthling watch. "It’s almost nine ten. Let’s get moving, okay?" 
He quickly finished off his coffee.

"Why?" Kiyone sipped at her drink. "Where are we going?"

"There’s a place, near here. I thought you might like it. Even if it 
looks a little shabby on the outside, there’s a good view within."

"How far is it?"

"About twenty minutes’ walk from here. We should reach there about the 
time they open their doors."

Kiyone made a face. "One of those ‘night clubs!’ Kova-chan, whatever are 
you thinking?"

"Trust me. You’ll like it there. I know I will." His eyes gleamed, and 
Kiyone hoped he was not thinking what she thought he was. "Come along, 
I’ll tell you my story as we walk."

Kiyone nodded, and followed him, her heart thumping madly.

He can’t be doing this…

Why don’t you just sit back and relax, Kiyone? She heard herself think. 
It ought to be enjoyable, according to what you know, and after all, you 
do love him, right?

Kova, caught up with his narration, failed to notice her face redden. 
"After that, I never paid protection money. I learnt the voices of people, 
of the police, and I’d scare them off with it. They always said I was 
darned lucky, but if I’ve learnt anything in my life, it is that most of 
your luck is your own making."

"So, what happened after that?"

"Well, my stealth coupled with my voice skills enabled me to break into 
most houses rather safely, and I sharpened my skills. I also learnt how to 
handle traps and alarms, and you can say I could have become rather rich, 
and led a life of comfort from then onwards. But my activities came to the 
attention of the Juraian Administration, and they sought me out, though 
they had no evidence against me. You see, I had learnt from many places, 
listening through the roof of schools, and I knew how to read. Among the 
places open for my education was the private libraries of the houses I 
broke in. All this of course, I picked up believing it could help my 
proficiency in maintaining wealth away from the sight of authorities." He 
looked at Kiyone, who was regarding him with something close to wonder and 
disgust. "You seem a little offended."

"It just seems so wrong to me, all these things."

"It was about the only way open to me." He grinned. "Why didn’t you 
comment earlier?"

"Because I’d like to hear your story. Go on, please."

"Anyway, the Juraians tried to pick me up as a Criminal Investigator, 
would you believe that?" He gave a laugh. "The fools thought they could 
turn me off crime by making me one of them, and my skill would lead to 
many arrests. I turned them down flat, and they raised the bid, not least 
because they suspected I was burgling at least four of them regularly, 
which I indeed was. Eventually I wound up a Secretary of Internal 
Security, at only about nineteen years of age."

Kiyone gave a whistle of astonishment. "Are you telling me most of the 
Juraian Administrators are ex-criminals?"

"No, of course not. I was the best, and they knew I was the only one 
capable of pulling off jobs on them regularly. Just for appearances’ sake, 
I saw to it they did not get burgled for at least three months, before I 
sold the data I had on their security systems and interior blueprints to 
the rest of the underworld."

Kiyone mentally clapped at his temerity and daring, despite knowing it 
was wrong.

"The next year, someone approached me, saying he represented the Synera 
Stellar Syndicate. They offered me a position as a spy, knowing my 
background, and that I was in a building with a lot of interesting data. I 
accepted, on the grounds they trained me a little. So I enrolled in a 
blaster shooting gallery, secretly run for training. There I picked up my 
blaster skills, spacecraft piloting, data accessing skills and most 
importantly, I learnt how to disguise myself. For the last one, which I 
had an immense interest in, I actually excelled far beyond expectations, 
and the spy master there, whose name is Seida Sakanoi, gave me the 
nickname of the Chameleon."

Kiyone shook her head at the pride in his words. "Did it ever occur to 
you what you were doing is wrong?"

"Wrong? To the Kova Kashiro of that time there was no right or wrong. I 
was young at the time, I took up whatever I felt was thrilling and 
interesting. The Secretarial post, despite the pay, did not provide that, 
so I became a spy. For a short while, I passed data of interest to the SSS 
by duplicating them, and was duly rewarded. However, I saw to it I never 
got anything of earth shaking importance. Even back then I knew the 
importance of balance."

"Weren’t you ever detected?"

"Rarely, and when I was, I was just doing my job in the building." He 
grinned. "Besides, I lay speakers around the place, and spoke into them 
when I needed to lure someone away, with the voice of his superior." He 
grinned like Cheshire, and Kiyone could not help but mentally applaud his 
ingenuity. "Eventually I got tired of it, it was no challenge. Bureaucrats 
weren’t very sharp at anything, and I requested a transfer to from the 
Interior Security to the Diplomacy section, where the ostensibly sharper 
minds were. Given my background, it was not approved, and I got very 
bored. In the end, I requested some extra money from the SSS, duplicated 
and forged the cheque to provide me several million Juraian dollars, some 
of which I used to purchase a ship from my contacts in the Underworld, and 
started my career as a space pirate."

"Most spy services usually aren’t very happy about defective personnel."

"Yup, so I quickly found myself the target of several extermination 
attempts. At first only some space pirates tried to kill me, up until they 
met up with my blaster. But when a bounty hunter came after me, I thought 
I was gone. I can only thank heavens it wasn’t Nagi, I had no way of 
handling her at the time. Even this fellow, I think his name was Nakamoto, 
proved a handful to me. Unfortunately for him, some Syndicate ships showed 
up, probably on a tip, and I manoeuvred behind him as the SSS ships’ 
lasers locked on me. I knew how they worked, I had stolen some files from 
my spy master. The lasers travelled straight to me, although Nakamoto’s 
ship was between us," his eyes lighted up with the thrill of the chase. 
"And you know how powerfully armed SSS ships are. The fellow never knew 
what hit him."

Kiyone shook her head, smiling. "You know, I think you would have liked 
Ryoko."

"Huh? Why should I?" Kova looked surprised. "She’s not the same as me. 
Maybe when I was young I was like her, but now, there’s only a certain 
Kiyone-chan in my world." She smiled in acknowledgement of his feelings, 
and was gratified to see the surprise fade from his face to be replaced by 
tender warmth. "Ah, here we are."

Kiyone looked up at the place. She half expected to see Bar or Hotel, 
maybe even Motel on the lighted sign, but it was not that. It was a 
Karaoke Lounge, and the neon lights were blue and yellow. She gave a 
little sigh of relief.

Thank heavens. I wouldn’t have known how to turn him down.

Kova’s face was lighted up in amusement. "Kiyone, what were you 
thinking?"

"I guess I must have misunderstood you earlier."

"Oh, I see. Disappointed?" He grinned wickedly, and she laughed to cover 
her rising blush. "Let’s go in."

They quickly settled down, as they were led to the room reserved made for 
"Mr Roshika."

"Say," Kiyone asked as they followed the person up the steps. "How come 
you have so much local money on you? You just came here four days ago!"

"Afterwards, Kiyone." He tipped the man off and opened the door. "Come on 
in."

Kiyone looked in and gave a gasp of surprise.

The interior of the rather small room was decorated with a fine velvet 
layer of light blue, like the interior of the GP Headquarters, only it had 
a softer feel to it. Opposite her a pair of dark blue curtains hung over a 
window, while to her left the television was set. Facing the television 
was a light green couch, for three people, while there was a small glass 
coffee table before it, with tea set, plus a slender porcelain vase that
held a single red rose.

On the wall behind the television two photos hung, gilded in gold frames, 
each about forty by sixty centimetres, flanking the television on either 
side. On the side nearer the door there was Kiyone, dressed in a GP 
uniform, one hand holding the blaster by her cheeks, with a ghost of a 
smile on her face, but the photo only showed her down to her chest. On the 
other side a similar image of Kova stared out at her from behind the glass 
, head tilted down, blue eyes gazing out from under his dark hair, a wry 
smile on his face. He was wearing a dark blue jacket with high collars, 
the same as the one he wore now, with his arms were folded before his 
chest, and one hand gripped a silver rod which reached up by his shoulder.

"What do you think?" Kova smiled broadly, standing before the drawn, dark 
blue curtains.

"It’s splendid!" Kiyone threw herself on the couch, stretched herself, 
not taking her eyes off the pictures. "Where did you get that shot of me?"

"On board the Yagami."

Kiyone shot him a strange look. "Remind me to ask you about that later." 
He smiled in acquiescence, as Kiyone examined the picture on the right 
side, then glanced at Kova standing before the curtains. Her brows 
furrowed. The real Kova’s hands weren’t folded before his chest, but other 
than that there was still a slight discrepancy. "Your hair. It’s not 
black, is it?"

"No, it’s not black. Earthlings don’t often possess such hair colour, so 
I thought it wise to let it seem black. Give me a moment," he turned his 
back to her, put on his black gloves, and removed a small bottle from 
within his pocket. He poured a few drops on his gloves and ran them 
through his hair, and many specks of black dust fell out of it. When he 
turned around a few seconds later his hair was a lustrous dark blue, 
slightly darker than Kiyone’s hair was green. "Chemicals really make 
things so much easier for a Chameleon like me. So, how do you like me this 
way?"

"You look, well, natural…" Kiyone looked at him, and thought how his hair 
now fitted in with his hair, and his clothes. "So that was why you 
flinched at the café."

"I couldn’t bear to have you thinking I was someone other than myself."

There was something familiar in the way he looked, standing there so 
coolly and calmly. "Say, when did you get this picture taken?" She sniffed 
at the rose. "And how is it this rose seems so fragrant?"

"Both rose and photo are only about one and a half hours old. I placed 
them here just before I went to your place." Inclining his face sideways 
towards her, "There’s something else I’d like to show you, Kiyone-chan."

"I’m all set," Kiyone turned to him, eyes lighting up in anticipation.

Turning from her, Kova ran his supple fingers down between the curtains, 
then his hands pushed them back in one smooth fluid motion.

Kiyone watched as he stood back his figure outlined in the light 
streaming in from the city. The buildings opposite shone their light onto 
the river, the tallest of the skyscrapers only about half the height of 
the window seen from where they were. Below it a river ran by, its dark 
surface shining and glimmering with the myriad lights, from both sky and 
city, as though it was a liquid obsidian with countless stars set within 
it. High over the top of the buildings the scintillating stars in the 
night sky seemed to twinkle at her, and beyond it the darkness of the 
universe clung, no longer menacing, but a comforting background and foil 
to the illuminated world below.

"It’s just…" Kiyone stopped, speechless.

"Well, I have always prided myself on being an aesthete, although a 
practical one." He looked back at her. "How do you like it?"

"Well, I can’t seem to get enough of it." Kiyone wondered why she had 
never noticed such things before. She had always known the stars were 
beautiful, as were the galaxies, the constellations, the trees, the plants 
and the hills. She had flown over thousands of cities, orbited hundreds of 
planets, all majestic and wondrous, yet somehow she had never quite seem 
to appreciate or rejoice in them being so.

"Well, if that is really the case, how about a dip?" Kova threw open the 
window and she felt the cold night air blow into the room. "I guarantee 
both of us can dive in from here and sail well over the railing. It’s only 
a five storey drop anyway, nothing we can’t take." He grinned, making as 
if to, before she grabbed him and pulled him back in.

"No way! I’m not going to get wet!" She pushed him in the direction of 
the couch and placed herself between him and the window. "And nor are 
you!"

For a moment he considered ramming into her and sending them both out the 
window, but then he remembered he had paid for the place.

"All right, later then." He reached for a microphone as he turned on the 
TV. "Care to go first?"

Turning round from shutting the window, Kiyone laughed and took it from 
him. "Yes, please."

Kova’s eyes stared longingly at the river. "You know, we really ought to 
try that."

"Maybe later," Kiyone told him. "If I’m feeling fun enough." She reached 
for another mike and tossed it to him. "Let’s start off with a duet." Kova 
started flicking through the songs available.

What’s wrong with me? She asked herself. I don’t usually act like this!

You’re intoxicated with pleasure. Just relax and enjoy yourself.

I am *not*! I am in control of myself!

Relax, take it easy. You trust him, don’t you? Well, then just live the 
moment.

"Let’s try this ‘I’m Your Angel’ first, okay, Kiyone-chan?" Kova pointed.

"Huh? Never heard of it. Where’s it from?"

"Some country around this parts - United States of America, wherever that 
is. It’s a nice song, I’ve heard it before. Care to give it a shot?" The 
blue eyes glittered like shiny sapphires.

"I’ll try my best." Kiyone was unable to refuse him. "But don’t you dare 
laugh at me!"

"I won’t. Because you’ll always be my angel." There was an odd note to 
his voice, so solemn and sincere, and Kiyone felt her throat choke up with 
emotion.

"You’re no less than that to me, Kova-chan." And as she spoke that, she 
realised she had no idea what future she would be stepping into.

It would either be heaven, or hell. There was no way of knowing.

Closing her eyes, Kiyone mentally tore that thought into tiny little 
pieces as the music started.

"Go on, Kiyone-chan, you first."

"What? I don’t know the song!" She exclaimed at him.

"That’s what’s the words are for, see?" He grinned. "Hurry up, you’ve 
missed the first line!"

And so she started…

        "…to do, is have some kind of faith
        No river is too wide to make it across
        All you have to do, is believe when you pray."

Kova, his eyes dreamy at the sound of her beautiful voice, prepared for 
his section.

        "And then you will see the morning will come,
        In everyday will be bright as the sun
        Hold on to your fears, cast them on me"

"Kiyone-chan, you’re supposed to sing with me!"

Stunned, Kiyone quickly shook herself out of her daze which she had 
entered upon hearing his mellow, rich, soulful song.

"It’s the chorus! Quick, together!"

        "…in the sky
        I'll be your shoulder when you cry
        I hear your voices when you call me
        I am your angel,

        And when all hope is gone I'm here
        No matter how far you are, I'm near
        It makes no difference who you are
        I am your angel, I am your angel"

"Now, that wasn’t so bad, was it?" Kova asked, speaking rather quickly, 
though his shining eyes told her he had enjoyed her singing very much.

"It’s a very beautiful song, and your voice is marvellous too…" Kiyone 
felt like she was living a dream, this felt so good…

"Ready now, the next verse is appearing on the TV…!"

And all too soon, for both of them, the song ended.

"Kiyone-chan, you were magnificent!" Kova concluded. "Where in the blue 
blazes did you learn to sing so well?"

"Well, I used to sing with Mihoshi, and then when we came back this year, 
Tenchi had a Karaoke room and we generally sing there every night."

"Oh…" his expression dimmed. "I thought this would be special for you, 
Kiyone-chan."

"It is…" She said as she looked into his eyes, then reached over for him. 
"You, the room, the river and the city, the photos… It’s like I’m in a 
dream, Kova." One of his hand held hers, another arm was around her, and 
she could see the emotion welling up in his eyes as their faces drew near. 
"A dream you created, for me. And a dream you’ve made seem so real." Their 
lips brushed lightly against each other.

"Someday," he added quietly. "This dream *will* be real."

Then their lips met and locked together.

Kiyone moved nearer him, her other hand holding his face, as they 
savoured the feeling, for both of them, their first kiss.

It seemed they parted too soon, that their stay in paradise was too 
short, as their eyes opened. Blue on green, sapphire on emerald, their 
eyes never parted, as they contemplated lengthening their stay.

If he wants me, I could never turn him down.

If she advances, I don’t think I could resist.

Slowly, almost painfully, they backed down, their bodies drawing away 
from each other.

Kova wasn’t calm and detached anymore, nor was Kiyone cool and in 
control.

Both were facing each other, breathing rapidly, their faces lined with 
sweat, but whether from the excitement or the fear it was hard to tell.

"Kova…?" Her green eyes trembled, and she averted her face from him. "I…"

"I’m sorry, Kiyone," Kova’s passionate tone and the lapse from his usual 
term of endearment told her how deeply she had reached within. "Not now."

Kiyone’s lips were pressed tightly together, her expression tense.

Kova sighed gently. "You’re not that kind of person, Kiyone." A pause. "-
chan."

"Thank you," her voice was soft, and trembled slightly. "Kova-chan."

"Someday, I’ll make this up to you," already his determination had 
returned. "I promise."

"I’ll help you," she looked back up again. "Together, we’ll make our 
dream come true."

The sapphire stones melted into the warm waters of the lake again, and 
his tender, heart warming smile returned. "And then, we will live our 
dream, forever."

"Maybe we could have a little celebration when we do," Kiyone tried, but 
the sadness was creeping back into her heart, as she thought how many 
things stood in their way. Nevertheless, she managed to hide it. "Like 
maybe another Karaoke session, just you and me?"

"That’d be perfect."

"And we’ll have to continue from where we left off." She smiled wickedly, 
as his smile gave way to a nervous grimace.

"Erm, I don’t think I’m very good at that, you know." He suddenly looked 
so uncertain of himself, so young and boyish and innocent, Kiyone couldn’t 
help but start giggling as the blush she had been trying to fight back 
rose with a vengeance. Kova took a quick glance at her scarlet face and 
burst out in laughter himself.

"You know," Kiyone said when they had finally stopped. "Someday we ought 
to work on that."

"On what? Our hopes, or about our experience?"

"Kova-chan!"

"Oh all right. How about just picking another song for two, shall we?"

===========================================================

Koneko meowed as she saw the door to the lab open behind.

"Washu?"

"Yes, Tenchi?" The red headed genius had her back to him, typing 
furiously at her terminal, and Tenchi watched nervously as various heavy 
machinery came to life, casting shadows in the occasional bright flashes 
of electricity.

"There's something I have to tell you."

"Then say it quick! I'm busy inventing something, you know!"

"Erm, well, you know that call yesterday?"

"Of course! Don't you forget, I am the greatest genius scientist in the 
universe!" Washu seemed strangely crabby.

"Yes, Professor Washu." He fought the urge to sigh. Things just didn't 
seem so easy nowadays. "You see, Kiyone did not make that call yesterday."

Washu turned around and looked curiously at him. "I thought you said it 
was Kiyone."

"Well," Tenchi scratched his head. "It certainly sounded like Kiyone."

Looks like I was right after all, Washu thought to herself.

"All right, give me a second." Washu tapped some commands and the lab 
became still again. She then walked out the lab, still seeming a little 
irritated at the interruption, although it probably was a big break for 
her cause. Koneko however, did not seem to worry the least and followed 
Washu. Tenchi stepped aside to let them by, and closed the door behind 
him.

Washu looked around the house, curiously. "Where's the rest of them?"

"Oh, I left them in the Karaoke Room. I thought they might ask too many 
questions."

"Growing wiser, I see. Especially because of Ryoko, right?"

"Yeah, I guess. So how are you going to trace it?"

"Simple, just do this..." The computer rematerialised before Washu and 
she input some commands. Within seconds the data was displayed before 
Tenchi.

"Err, Washu, where's that?" He stared curiously at the goobledegook on 
the screen.

"Don’t bother reading it. It’s in a code." She smiled at him. "You’d blow 
your mind before you even got close to deciphering this, because I was the 
one who invented it, so don’t try."

"Well, then, where’s that?"

"Some apartment in town. Sano Ren Rd, know where that is?"

"I think it’s near Kiyone and Mihoshi’s apartment." Tencihi turned to go. 
"Give me a moment, I’ll get the street directory."

"Take it easy, Tenchi!" Washu tapped a few buttons and a map appeared on 
the screen with a certain building lighted up. "There, that’s how I’m 
going to get there from Kiyone’s place."

Something rang in Tenchi’s mind.

"Washu, are you going alone?" Tenchi thought about the Tachyon Ray, the 
EMP and everything.

"Don’t worry, you just stay here, okay?" Washu reminded him. "I’ll call 
for you if I think I need the three of you and Ryo-oh-ki to help."

"But why?"

"Look, if you go, Aeka and Ryoko and Sasami tags along. Now I’m not 
worried about Sasami, but if your two girlfriends…" Tenchi looked down at 
the ground, his face burning a bright red, but Washu continued on 
unabated. "… start fighting and give us away, our guy’s gonna split like a 
neutron-bombarded uranium atom, and once he’s out in space with that ship 
of his, I think a likely start to our options would be to say ‘Ta-ta, so 
long now’ to this planet Earth of yours. So there."

Tenchi was silent as Washu turned resolutely away. Koneko rubbed itself 
against him, before running off after the redhead.

=== End of Chapter ===

NEXT CHAPTER : No Need for a Heavenly Night

NOTES:
Kova is in a way, an SIed character. Pls include him in your
comments, whether I have portrayed him as a person, as a friend
or foe, as one of the gang, and most importantly, as a human being.

I have never in my whole life read a love story or romance novel
before. I would be very grateful if my readers could give me some
feedback on this, as it is the first time I've ever tried to set
such things down in writing.

I hope you have enjoyed this Fanfic as much as I have typing it.
If there are any more grammar errors, I beg your forgiveness, as
my sole proofreader is myself.

This is my first FF, so go ahead and mail me at zyraen@yahoo.com
with comments, especially on character portrayal, realism.
