This is part two of A Dark Day. As I said in part 1 I was not sure how long
this saga would be. If you like it please send me your comments. Thank you
all who responded to the first part of this story, and I hope you like the
second part just as much. And please if I spell a name wrong here or there
forgive me. I am but a humble fanfic writer, and every one makes mistakes.
Also this part is also not as long as I thought it would be, and the next
part will be longer I promise.





Time to Choose

A week passed, and the Masaki household began to let down their guard. There
had been no sign of the strange man named Yano, and they began to hope that
he had given up on taking Ryoko. One thing though, Tenchi could not be
around either Ryoko, or Ayeka for long periods of time with out getting
really nervous. He knew that it was finally time to chose between the two
girls. Things have been building up between the three of them. He knew
though that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with one of these girls,
but which one he did not know yet. Both Ayeka, and Ryoko felt the stress
whenever they were with Tenchi. They also knew that something was building
up.

Ayeka sat in her room thinking of her relationship with Tenchi. Could it be
that he finally chose between her, and Ryoko? Her heart swelled at the idea.
Of course Tenchi would chose her over that demon woman. She and he were
connected by royal blood. They were destined to rule the Jurai. But what if
he did chose Ryoko? What would she do then? She dismissed the thought almost
immediately. There was no way she would lose Tenchi to that bitch Ryoko. She
was the cause of all her troubles. She was the one who took Yosho away from
her, and almost destroyed her world. She did not believe that it was all
Kagato&rsquo;s doing. She had been there, and seen through the eyes of her
brother&rsquo;s ship the joy Ryoko took in attacking her world. Maybe when
Tenchi choose her to be his love, she would make him see how bad Ryoko
really is, and then she would be out of their lives forever.

Ryoko sat up in her usual spot in the rafters of the Masaki house. She also
was thinking of her relationship with Tenchi, but unlike Ayeka she was not
thinking things between her, and Tenchi would turn out to be happily ever
after. She knew that Tenchi thought of her as a friend. That was proven when
he saved her first from Kagato, then from Dr. Clay. But could he possibly
love her? Their first meeting she had scared the daylights out of him, then
she attacked him, and destroyed his school. Even though she had no intention
of harming him. Did he know that? Did he know that she loved him with every
fiber of her being? It would kill her if he choose Ayeka. But over the time
since the princess came here, he never once yelled at her for using her
powers. It was always herself that he yelled at. She never could do anything
right it seemed.

She wasn&rsquo;t use to this home life. Her life had been spent either in
that awful cave or in the clutches of Kagato. Never in her life had she felt
love, or a sense of belonging. Even here she felt like the outcast. None of
the others, with the exception of Ryo-Ohki knew how lonely she really felt.
Then she thought about her encounter with Washu that day that seemed so long
ago, and thought that maybe Ryo-Ohki was not the only one. But still&hellip;
Even when she was surrounded by people she felt completely alone. She
decided then and there that if Tenchi chose Ayeka, she would simply leave,
and never look back. She wouldn&rsquo;t cause any more problems for Tenchi.
No more fights, or explosions. He wouldn&rsquo;t have to deal with her
anymore. It was the least she could do for him.

Tenchi sat in his room thinking of his relationship with Ryoko, and Ayeka.
Both were wonderful girls. Beautiful, and powerful. Each one had their own
place in his heart. But he knew that the time had come to choose one or the
other. It wouldn&rsquo;t be fair to have them keep fighting over him, hoping
to win his love. No matter what he did, he would hurt one of them, but in
the long run it would hurt them even less. But who too choose?



Ayeka was both kind, and polite. She walked with grace, and authority. She
was also willing to help even Ryoko if asked to. She was brave, and would do
anything for a friend. She was also strong willed, and never backed down.
She truly would make a great wife. But if he chose Ayeka he would also be
choosing to take up the throne of Jurai. Was he willing to do that? Earth
was his home. He wasn&rsquo;t sure he could leave it. But then again, if he
did leave he would become the king of the whole Jurai kingdom, and he would
have Ayeka at his side as his queen. It would be a great dream to most men,
but Tenchi was just not sure.

Ryoko was very strong minded. She always would let you know what was on her
mind. Even if you didn&rsquo;t want to know. But she also hides a level of
pain just below the surface. A level of pain that was so deep that Tenchi
didn&rsquo;t even think Washu knew how much she was hurting. He knew that
out of all the girls living at his home, Ryoko had had the toughest life. He
couldn&rsquo;t imagine what it was like for her growing up. He knew that
almost all her past deeds were the cause of Kagato&rsquo;s influence over
her mind. He also knew that if anyone needed love it was Ryoko. Ayeka
didn&rsquo;t understand what it was like for Ryoko. When Ayeka looked at
Ryoko, she saw the monster that attacked her home, and her people. Ryoko
grew up without the love of a family. The only one she had for company was
the little cabbit Ryo-Ohki. It was no wonder that she turned out the way she
did. But there was one thing about Ryoko that dispelled all her faults. It
was her loyalty. She would give up her life in an instant if it would save
the life of another. She even risked her life protecting her worst enemy
Ayeka. When she battled Kagato, she held back, because fighting at full
strength would kill the princess. Ryoko was a bunch of contradictions.
Tenchi was just not sure he could give Ryoko all that she needed.

Oh he had a problem. He just didn&rsquo;t know which one to choose. Maybe
his grandfather would be able to give him some good advice. He got up from
his bed, and decided to go visit his grandfather at the shrine. Although he
was sure that he would be sent to work right after a brief talk with him,
but it would be worth it to get some advice.

Tenchi found his grandfather downstairs talking to Washu. They immediately
stopped talking as soon as they saw him, and Tenchi wondered what they had
been talking about.

"Is there anything I can do for you Tenchi?" Yosho asked.

"Ah.. Yeah. I was wondering if I could talk to you grandpa?" He asked.

"Of course Tenchi," he answered

"I will just leave you two alone," Washu stood up to leave. Suddenly she
turned back to Yosho. "Let&rsquo;s finish this conversation latter, Okay?"
Yosho just nodded. Washu then left them alone. Tenchi sat in the seat Washu
just left.

"Now, what is it that you wanted to talk about Tenchi?" Yosho asked him.

"It&rsquo;s about Ryoko, and Ayeka," he said, getting directly to the point.

"You wonder which one would be best for you," Yosho said. It wasn&rsquo;t a
question, but an observation.

"How did you know?" Tenchi asked amazed.

"I am afraid it is quite obvious that things are changing between the three
of you." Yosho said matte of factly.

"Really?" Tenchi said, his checks turning a bright red. Tenchi looked at his
Grandfather. "Well then what should I do?"

"I can&rsquo;t tell you who you should pick. All I can tell you is that you
should follow your heart. Your heart knows the answer. It just takes a while
for the answer to reach your mind."

Tenchi sighed. "Thank you Grandpa."

"Your welcome Tenchi. Now don&rsquo;t you have chores to do?" He said giving
Tenchi a stern, but kind look.

"Yes Grandpa." He then got up to do his chores.

   * * * * *
   *
   * As Tenchi was about to start his chores, Washu came running out of the
     house.

"Tenchi!" She yelled. "I&rsquo;ve discovered something very important I need
to tell you." With out waiting for a response, she dragged Tenchi into the
house, and into her lab. Letting him go she went to a shelf that a moment
ago was not there, and pulled out a clear tube. Tenchi could not quite make
out what was inside the tube though.

"What is it Washu?" He asked her.

"It a hair from the man that attacked Ryoko." Tenchi looked closer, and
finally made out the details of a long blonde hair in the tube.

"So what did you find out Washu?" Tenchi could see it was not going to be
good news, from the look Washu gave him.

"I know who we are up against Tenchi, and it isn&rsquo;t good." She sighed
then went on. "His name is not Yano."

"How do you know?" Tenchi asked perplexed.

"I know, because I have run into him before. His name is Yaksha." She gave
Tenchi a look that sent shivers down his spine.

"But why would he tell us his name is Yano?"

"Because he didn&rsquo;t want me to find out it was him." Her eyes grew
worried. "We are all in great danger Tenchi."



To be continued