This fan fiction occurs after the events of Tenchi the Movie 2: The
Daughter of Darkness (aka "Manatsu no Eve" [Midsummer's Eve]).  It is
also based on the OAVs and other tidbits of the Tenchi Muyo! Universes.

The Tenchi Muyo! Universes and characters are the creation and
possession of AIC and Pioneer.  I do not claim them.  But I wrote
the storyline to "The Dark Jurai".  Characters that are made up such
as Jurai Ankoku-ou and Aolong are my idea.

Note:  The fight scenes from here on in will be fairly Dragon Ball
Z-ish, but hey, Tenchi Muyo has energy attacks , too (beam swords,
blasts out of the hands, etc.)!  And Dragon Ball Z is copyright
Toei Animation!

Fans rejoice!  As of March 2002 I'm bringing back my fic despite
what I wrote on my webpage!  It will take a month or two to get
back on track from the sheer distractions of real life but I'm bringing
the Dark Jurai back!  Keep an eye on my webpage for more details!

The Dark Jurai - Chapter 15 - "For the Best of Both Realms"
by Timothy Turner
email: juraijin@aol.com
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/index.html
The Dark Jurai page is at:
http://www.angelfire.com/tx3/animekoku/tmuyo/tmtdj.html

Aolong took the Masaki residents on a tour of the main palace.
The main courtyard was huge, but that was only a fair part of
the palace.  Tenchi and his friends were shown the main palace
by their new friend.  Servants were virtually at every corner
to serve their every need.  Aolong often got things for himself
and shooed off the servants, telling them to go somewhere else.

"These are your quarters," Aolong lead them to a mid-size
building and showed them elaborately made living quarters
and beautifully crafted rooms.  "Please enjoy them.  If you
need anything I'll show you but you'll have to help yourselves,"
Aolong sighed.

"Thank you," Tenchi bowed.

"No problem," Aolong returned the bow, "I'll be training at the
training area.  It's at the west side of the palace."  Aolong
pointed to Shulei's west.

"We'll train with you," Tenchi stretched, "After we eat and rest."

Aolong nodded, "As you wish."  The young prince left.

Meanwhile, Kaitu and the search party set out to find Mitsuki.

"Concentrate really hard!  We need to have that dark soldier
alive!," Kaitu walked at a fast pace.

"Yes, sir!," the rest of the party shouted.

"And be quiet and spread out while you're at it!," the elder
master commanded.

The soldiers complied and spread out.

Mitsuki wasn't having such a good time.  Aolong had drained
most of her ki.  She had never encountered a power so great
before...except Jurai Ankoku-ou's.  Could this one defeat
Jurai Ankoku-ou and crush the Dark Jurai army without breaking
a sweat?  This was serious.

But wait!  She sensed several approaching ki sources.  One of
them was somewhat more powerful than Aolong's (Kaitu) and the
others were fairly 3/4 her power.  Mitsuki's odds of survival
dropped to almost nil.

She would have to make a run for it without giving off too
much ki.  It was the only way to get back and inform the
armies.  And Jurai Ankoku-ou...

Mitsuki mustered all her strength and ran as fast as she could.
The flight was excruciatingly painful.  Aolong had really done
her over.  Aolong had also dislocated her jaw and broke a couple
of ribs when he did the diving kick.  Her spinal cord was aching
up and down.  The running made her legs throb and her weakened
bones bend due to the pressure exerted on them; her black magic
had sapped the very marrow from her bones.  If she didn't get to
her ship and get aid fast, she would die.  Twigs cracked and
foliage rustled as she fled through the forest to her ship.

"I hear something!," a voice erupted.

"Don't let the source get away!," Kaitu's voice exclaimed.

<Oh, no!,> Mitsuki gnashed her teeth.  "Why does this have to
happen to me?," Mitsuki whimpered in an attempt to keep her
mouth shut.  <The ship's just ahead!>  Mitsuki's ship was
almost a stone's throw away from the injured Dark Jurai
officer.  She fell on her face.

But to her dismay, Kaitu and his party found Mitsuki's ship.

Kaitu slanted his eyebrows, "This is a dark ship!  Hatred and
wanton thrive in its owner's heart!," the master raised his
hand, "Destroy that ship!  It is evil!"  Kaitu and his soldiers
raised their hands toward the ship and blasted it into splinters.

Mitsuki reached for her ship, "Nooooo...," she fainted in the
bushes out of Kaitu's sight.

After some training with Aolong, Tenchi was bathing in the nearby
palace onsen.  It was quiet except for the sound of flowing water,
just like it was at home.  The water was hot and soothing.

<This is great,> Tenchi thought, <I won't get homesick as fast>.

The outline of a woman with long hair (guess who ^_~) appeared
behind Tenchi.

"Hello, Tenchi...," the voice was familiar; too familiar.

Tenchi jumped back into reality, "Ry-ryoko!"

"Ayeka's not here so this is the perfect opportunity to express
our feelings for each other!," Ryoko laughed.

"BUT!-," Tenchi was cut off by a deep kiss.

"Don't worry.  I don't think any guards will waltz in here!,"
Ryoko had Tenchi in a death grip.

"Ryoko!  It's too early to be making any kind of judgment!
I really needed someone when the war started and all, but I
didn't mean anything when I hugged you when grandpa left!"

"Ayeka's out of the picture!  Forget about her!," Ryoko's
face went sour.

"I can't forget about her!  Even if I said I didn't want to
marry her doesn't mean I don't care about her welfare!,"
Tenchi attempted to push Ryoko away but to no avail.

"Tenchi!  The Dark Jurai have messed up her mind!  There's
no curing her!," Ryoko was getting impatient.

"Ryo-!," Both of them were shocked when a young man dressed
in imperial clothing was standing at the door.

The man had an angry / dumbfounded look on his face, "Who
the hell are you?!"

"We're guests!," Ryoko's face turned beet red.

"Who said you could bathe in this onsen!?!  There's a special
onsen for guests on the other side of the palace!," the man
inquired deeper.

"Ao-aolong said we could bathe here!," Tenchi's face had a
look of sheer horror on it.

"Aolong?," the man scratched his chin, "Damn it!  I'll kill
him!"

"Who are you?," Ryoko asked.

"I am Aolong's older brother, Xu Tao.  I am exactly 500 years
old today.  I am a scholar and study the many arts of Shulei.
I am also fairly good at the martial arts so I have a good
chance of tanning his hide.  If you'll excuse me."  Xu Tao
left the room.

Tenchi and Ryoko decided to follow.  After getting their
clothes on rather hastily they followed Xu Tao to the
training grounds.

Aolong was training rigorously.  Several of Kaitu's best
pupils were taking turns in training the young prince.

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Xu Tao beheld a very fantastic sight.
Aolong was taking on two of Kaitu's best, WITHOUT Light
Hawk Wings, and in midair.  But as soon as Aolong sensed
Tenchi's ki, he ordered the others to stop.

"Tenchi!  Did you enjoy your...?  Oh, crap," Aolong's face
drooped, "So, back again so soon, are we, Xu Tao?"

"Younger brother, you know that guests are supposed to use
the guest onsen!  These guests aren't as good as we are!,"
Xu Tao pointed at Tenchi and Ryoko.

Aolong's face wrinkled, "Yes...they...," the young prince
balled his fists so tight the nails cut into his palms,
"ARE!"

"Our parents think otherwise.  Should I tell them about your
adventures in the realm of the commoners?  You know, you
should try to follow the rules every so often.  If you did,
you would have as much privileges as your other siblings do,"
Xu Tao shook his head in disgust.

Aolong had had enough, "SHUT UP!," he roared, "Who are you
to judge others!?!?!  You know, it's because of that same
attitude that the wars between us and other civilizations
started!  It's the reason...!"

"ENOUGH!," emperor Aoli's voice erupted, "It's time for our
feast.  We shall discuss a temporary alliance between our
two realms.  Follow me."

The group followed Aoli to a huge banquet room.  There was
a table of food large enough to feed an army.  Servants
were there ready to fulfill the needs of the guests and
the royal family.  The servants knew to stay away from
Aolong.

The rest of the imperial children arrived in the room.
They had no need to leave the palace and had stayed there
almost all of their lives.  Interestingly enough, the
oldest child was 2,600 years old and had not left the
palace except for several diplomatic trips.  The imperial
family was fascinated yet disturbed by Tenchi and company's
arrival.  They avoided Tenchi's friendly conversations
and questions.

"So," Aoli stared a hole through Tenchi, "Why did you come
to us?  Of all the allies that you probably had, why did you
come to us?"

"Well," Tenchi gulped, "Our enemy uses shields with black
magic and our current allies don't have adequate enough
shield technology to fend off our dark brethren."

"I see," Aoli frowned with a faint hint of disgust, "But
nevertheless I shall lend you assistance.  I will not be
indirectly responsible for the deaths of innocent people."

"Father," Xu Tao came in, "Why did you agree to help them?
Wasn't it they whose pride drove us out to seek a new
homeworld?"

"Did you hear what I just said!?!?," Aoli boiled over.

Xu Tao shut up.

Another one of Aolong's siblings cut in, "I say we let
them get whatever is coming to them!

Aolong put down his chopsticks and balled his fists.

"There will be no fighting here, Aolong!," Aoli raised his
hand and stood up.

Aolong sat down.

"As I was saying," Aoli resumed, "I will not be indirectly
responsible for the deaths of innocent people.  After the
war is won we shall cut ties once more and never speak
again."

"But why?,"  Kiyone asked, confused, "Your two kingdoms are
in need of each other.  You should - !"

"Shut up, commoner!, Xu Tao cut Kiyone off, "You are a guest
in this palace and you will be respectful to the emperor!"

"That's enough, brother!," Aolong snapped, "It's okay to
ask questions!"

"SILENCE!," Aoli yelled at the top of his lungs, "Kaitu
taught you that, didn't he?  I'm firing him when he returns!
That old man has lost his edge and corrupted my youngest
child!"

Aolong's eye muscles twitched, "That's absurd!"

"You will undergo extreme disciplinary lessons and learn some
manners!," the emperor pointed at his son and pounded the table.

Everyone was sweating bullets and bracing for the explosion.

"LIKE HELL, I WILL!," Aolong stormed out of the room.  Tenchi
followed.  The others decided to leave everything up to Tenchi
and leave him and Aolong alone.

After reaching the outside, Aolong screamed at the top of his
lungs.

"Aolong.  Calm yourself!," Tenchi tried to quell his distant
relative.

"Leave me alone!," the green haired prince cried.

Tenchi grabbed Aolong's shoulder, "Fighting your family won't
do any good.  Do they all treat you like that?"

Aolong held back his tears, "Kaitu was able to reach four of
the imperial children, one of them is me.  The others go on
diplomatic trips all the time.  They are me, two brothers,
and one sister.  All the rest think about themselves and the
well being of the imperial grip over the commoners.  I'm the
only one who stays here.  And the only reason I stay here is
to train.  I'm a warrior and nothing else."

"I see," Tenchi shook his head, "So, what are you going to do
about it?"

"I'll eventually run away, I suppose.  I'm tired of this
place," the young soldier sighed and paused momentarily,
"Let's go and get some important things first."

"WHAT!?," Tenchi jumped, "You're going to leave just like
that?"

"Why not?"

"Don't you...!?!," Tenchi tried to keep his distant cousin
in line.

"Look.  You heard my father.  I'll get nothing but extreme
scolding and etiquette lessons I won't even listen to.  I
lived through that after the last war and I don't want to
go through it again."

"What are we going to get?"

"The Tiandijian.  I've never used it and I'm itching to
try it out!  Kaitu taught me everything about swordsmanship!"

Tenchi became nervous, "It won't work if - !"

"Let's go!," Aolong skipped away, not listening to Tenchi.

"It's not going to work if you're not the sword's true owner!,"
Tenchi flailed his arms and ran after Aolong.

Aolong skipped along the cobblestone paths leading to the
storage.

After a few minutes running within the entire palace grounds
they reached the imperial storehouse.  It was an eloquently
designed edifice, with all the bangs and whistles.  Only a
member of the Jurai Royal Family (or Shulei in this case)
could open the sealed door.

"THIS IS IT!," Aolong cheered.

Tenchi looked on, amazed by what he saw.

"What do you think, my relative?," Aolong smirked.

"Magnificent...," Tenchi gazed in awe.

"Go ahead and open it," the green haired prince took Tenchi's
hand.

"But I don't think we should...  This isn't right!," Tenchi
struggled to free his hand.

"Nonsense!  If we fight together with the Tiandijian and your
Tenchiken we should win!  And if that won't work we'll pummel
our enemies senseless!  Us fighting together; it's for the
best of both realms!," Aolong shoved Tenchi onto the door,
making it open with a creak.

A guard approached, "Master Aolong!  What are you doing!?!
Do you have your father's permission!?!"

"Who needs that?," the young, defiant prince sneered, "Now go
away!," Aolong dragged Tenchi inside.

The guard ran to warn Aoli, "Oh, dear!"

Once inside, the two princes saw the Tiandijian, glowing in
all its beauty.

"Yes," Aolong exhaled, "I'll be punished.  But it's in my
blood to fight."

The Tiandijian sparkled brilliantly, illuminating all the
treasures of the Shuleian Royal Family.

End of Chapter 15