LEGAL DISCLIMER: Tenchi Muyo is the register copyright and trademark of AIC and 
Pioneer.  All Rights Reserved.  This work of fiction is written for 
entertainment purposes only and not for profit.
=============================
NOTES:  This is the first chapter of the long in coming Episode Three of DLOJ.  
I have plans for the future of this continuity, including sequels, and maybe a 
new saga like this one.  I brought Orrin back to the series for good, and I 
might bring the Darklings back again in a future series.  My inspiration for 
this chapter came from historical events in World War II.  The Battle of Britain 
has become a part of history when the Royal British Air Force fended off Nazi 
warplanes over England.  History records this as "Their Finest Hour", quoting 
the words of then Prime Minister Winston Churchill.  The RAF was outnumbered by 
the Nazi air force yet they held their own and saved Great Britain.  It is sad 
that it took the events of 9/11 to bring such courage out in people once again, 
but it goes to show that where there is integrity there is also courage and 
honor of the same caliber as those brave fliers who gave their lives in the 
skies over London.  It is something the terrorists can never claim to possess, 
and it is something that will ultimately lead to their total destruction.  This 
chapter is dedicated to those people who have laid down their lives or are 
risking their lives around the world so that we can remain free.
--The-Zorch
=============================
THE DARK LORD OF JURAI
EPISODE THREE - NO NEED FOR AN APPOCALYPSE
By Michael "The-Zorch" Haney

CHAPTER ONE:  DAY OF RECKONING  
=============================
	
	Kagato stormed back and forth through the throne room of the Jurai palace.  
Darkling technicians in humanoid force were assembling the pieces of what looked 
like an organic computer.  It had a large three lobed brain encased in a massive 
glass bubble.  They connected this brain to the main part of the structure and 
it immediately came to life.
	"What is this thing?" Kagato asked the Regis.
	The Regis walked around the large living machine and ran her hands over it 
as if caressing a lover.  She looked at Kagato and said, "This is a cerebrate, a 
living computer that can assist in coordinating our forces on this planet."
	Kagato was a little impressed at the sight of the thing.  He had seen what 
Darkling technology could do and was surprised.  For all the things he learn 
over the past five thousand years much of it was nothing compared to what these 
being s understood.  He was most impressed with the immense power he now 
controlled.  He could feel himself growing in strength everyday, and with every 
victim he fed upon.
	"Interesting." Was all he could say.
	"I am aware.  I am ready." Said a deep voice from the cerebrate.
	"Excellent." Said the Regis.
	So far the Darkness has been suffering setbacks.  It was discovered that 
Tenchi, most of all Orrin, was still alive.  Kagato marveled at the alien's 
immense powers and how effortlessly he destroyed two ships in space.  What was 
even more amazing was the fact that Orrin did it without a space ship.  This 
showed what kind of power they were up against.  Still, Kagato could still feel 
apprehension from the Regis concerning Tenchi.  He did not understand why she 
was so worried, but he learned quickly to never underestimate her senses.
	"I feel many humanoid life forms surrounding this location." Said the 
cerebrate.
	"Yes, they are out enemy.  They may plan to attack us soon." The Regis 
said.
	"Probability of enemy victory calculated at 1.08947 percent." The 
cerebrate said.
	"Can this thing find the boy Tenchi?" Kagato asked.
	"Perhaps, it has many unique abilities." The Regis replied.
	"Probability of enemy defeat calculated at 99.99 percent." The cerebrate 
added.
	Kagato sat at the throne and shot the Regis a crooked smile.  "Can it tell 
us anything we don't already know?"
	The Regis shot him with a withering glance and turned towards the machine.  
"Do a scan for pockets of Jurai energy." She said.
	"Beginning scan." Said the cerebrate.
	"That is assuming it knows what it is looking for." Said Kagato.\
	"The cerebrate has already been programmed to understand Juraian energy.  
It is only a matter of time before we discover where Tenchi and the others are 
hiding.  With their level of powers it should not been too long." The Regis 
said.
	A holographic image sprang into existence about the cerebrate showing a 
globe of Jurai.  A red indicator appeared over the ocean to the south of the 
capital city.  It was the ocean that separated the northern and southern 
continents.
	"Jurai energy detected." It said.
	"See." Said the Regis.
	Kagato stood up from the throne and walked up to the machine.  "Command 
the Xevius to move to that location and assume a geosyncronous orbit.  Then, 
open fire."
	The Regis walked around to Kagato and started to feel up and down his 
body.  Before becoming a Darkling, Kagato rarely every thought about women in a 
sexual manner.  He was too occupied searching for the ultimate power he so 
desperately wanted to possess.  For the few thousand years he controlled Ryoko 
he contemplated using her for other purposes than fighting from time to time, 
but he never did.  Now it was a different time, and a different situation.  He 
was now finding himself overcome with desires that seemed almost unquenchable.  
He made love with the Regis on a daily basis, and many times had sex with his 
victims as he fed on their essence.  He noticed the changes, and the liked them.
	"I like brute force too." Said the Regis as she gently rubbed her hands 
along Kagato's crouch.
	Kagato moved her hands away and said, "Tonight, after our final victory 
over these mundane creatures.  We can make love rolling in their entrails."

	Tenchi and Orrin were the first to wake up.  Tenchi woke Aeka and Ryoko, 
and they went off to get the rest of the crew up out of bed.  Orrin went to the 
bridge and activated the main controls.  Washu was already awake and was 
starting a simple breakfast in the galley for everybody.  Sasami told Tenchi it 
was a good idea for everyone to eat something before going out because they 
would need all the energy they could get.
	On the bridge, Yuko and Darius took their posts.  Orrin was working on 
plotting a course to the South Pole when Kryton spoke up.  Actually he was 
shouting.  "I am detecting the Xevius in geosyncronous orbit above this 
location!"
	"What!" exclaimed Darius.
	"When did this happen?" Orrin asked.
	"Just now, sire." Kryton said.
	Darius logged into this console and started scanning the area of space 
above them.  "How the hell did they find us?" he asked.
	"I don't have enough data to guess a reason." The ship replied.
	Darius shot up out of his seat as data started to stream onto his screen.  
"Oh shit!  That things is charging up to fire!"
	
	"Red Alert!  Red Alert!  All hands brace for emergency launch!" Kryton 
shouted through the whole ship.

	"It's way to early in the morning for this shit!" Ryoko shouted before 
taking a bite out of her breakfast muffin.

	Back at the Jurai palace the cerebrate was watching the situation very 
carefully.  "Target has moved from location.  Reacquiring."
	Kryton launched out of the ocean at full speed.  Everyone onboard grabbed 
anything that was bolted down to keep from being thrown around.  As they 
traveled Darius noticed the targeting beam of the Xevius was tracking them.
	"They are trying to target us." He said.
	"Kryton, is the stealth system working?" Orrin asked.
	"It is.  Engaging cloak now." The ship replied.
	The Kryton visually vanished and disappeared off the sensor arrays of the 
Xevius.  Back at the palace the cerebrate relayed the information to Kagato and 
the Regis.  "Target has engaged cloaking field.  Unable to reacquire."
	"Can you still detect their Jurai energy?" Kagato asked it.
	"Affirmative." Said the cerebrate.
	Kagato looked at the Regis and then got an interesting idea.  This would 
test the true metal of the cerebrate's capabilities.  "Cerebrate, correlate the 
data from the Jurai energy scan with the targeting system on the Xevius and 
acquire a lock that way." He told the machine.
	"Creating custom algorithm.  Algorithm created.  Executing." Said the 
cerebrate.

	On the Kryton, Darius watched the tactical display showing the Xevius.  A 
blue cloudy region indicated where its sensor array was scanning, and that sweep 
was nowhere near where they were.  Suddenly the sweep shot direction towards 
them, and somehow the ship acquired a targeting lock.
	"They have us targeted!" Darius cried.
	"That isn't possible!" Orrin shouted.
	"I am detecting a positive lock.  They are somehow targeting us, sire." 
Said Kryton.
	"They're firing!" Darius shouted.
	Orrin slammed the controls to the left and turned the ship as quickly as 
he could.  He put the throttle to full power and hoped they would make it away 
in time.  A massive energy beam lanced out of the sky and streaked past them.
	"That was close." Yuko said.
	"They are attempting to lock onto us again." Said Kryton.
	"How the hell are they doing this?" asked Darius.
	Washu rushed onto the bridge and went to the science station.  "What is 
going on?" she asked.
	"The Xevius is firing at us." Orrin told her.
	"Why not cloak the ship." Said Washu.
	"We did, but they are still targeting us." Darius told her.
	Washu looked surprised for a moment and then she called up her holographic 
laptop and started typing franticly.
	"Another one is coming in at 245.902.23!" Darius shouted.  Orrin turned 
the ship sent it into a dive just as another beam struck from the sky.
	"I've analyze the weapon and we will be unable to defect a blast of that 
magnitude." Kryton said.
	"No shit." Said Darius.
	Washu worked franticly on her computer.  She looked at everything that 
they could be using to track them.  She first checked the EM spectrum but found 
no unaccounted for signals coming from the ship.  That wasn't it.  She checked 
the infrared spectrum and high-frequency spectrum for anything.  Everything they 
could be using to track them was shielded by the cloaking array.  As Orrin 
dodged the ship around another energy blast she got the idea to scan for energy 
fields that were not being shielded by the cloaking array.  She checked 
everything, and suddenly found what she was looking for.
	"It's Tenchi!" she shouted.
	"What?" Orrin replied with a shout.
	"It's his Jurai power, they are tracking us by his Jurai power.  His 
energy signature extends past the cloaking field." Said Washu.
	"My scans of the Xevius indicate that it does not have the equipment to 
scan for Jurai power." Said Kryton.
	Washu started working at her computer again.  She put her full 
concentration and intellect into the task this time because time was at the 
essence.  Data streamed across her screen so fast that anyone else looking at it 
would only see gibberish, but to Washu it was crystal clear.
	"There is a scanning beam being bounced off the Xevius that is operating 
at a frequency of 100.45 Google-Hz." She said.
	Darius looked over at her and slammed his fist into this console.  "Son of 
a bitch!  They have a fucking cerebrate!" he shouted.
	Washu's head shot up from her laptop.  "What is a cerebrate?"
	"A living computer.  They used to be a sentient race of super-intelligent 
beings until the Darklings subjugated them and turned them into machines that 
obey their will only." Said Orrin.
	"Those things never give up.  They will keep calculating new algorithms 
until they find one that works." Said Darius.
	"We need to shield Tenchi energy signature then.  And I know how to do 
it." Said Washu.  She leaped to her feet and ran from the bridge.  Washu grabbed 
the thin rails that ran along the corridors as Orrin turned the Kryton to avoid 
another blast from Xevius.  Soon she arrived at the galley where Tenchi and the 
others were gathered.  They were trying to keep each other from flying around 
the room because of the quickly maneuvers of the ship.
	"Washu what the hell is going on?" Ryoko asked.
	"Tenchi, go to my lab, quick!" shouted Washu.
	"Huh?  Why?" asked Tenchi.
	"Because those monsters are using your energy signature to lock their 
weapons onto us, that's why!" shouted Washu.
	Tenchi's face grew determined and he nodded.  He stood up and ran down the 
corridor towards the entrance to the lab.  When Tenchi was inside, Washu scanned 
again, but found more energy penetrating the cloaking field.  She turned around 
and looked at the others.  Ryoko, Aeka and Sasami were all seated together.  She 
then remembered Sasami new situation and Ryoko's gems.
	"Ryoko, Sasami, you too.  Get going they can see you too." Said Washu.
	The two women complied just as the ship lurched to one side steeply.  
Luckily Ryoko's ability to fly saved the day and she was able to help Sasami 
maintain her footing.  When they entered the lab Washu could not detect any 
further energy outside the cloaking field.

	"Jurai energy signatures no longer detected." Said the cerebrate.
	Kagato was impressed with how fast the computer learned and how fast it 
adapted to a new situation.  This was certainly no toy.  He turned to Regis and 
she was grinning from ear to ear.
	"That was simple." Said Kagato.
	"Sensors detect no evidence of debris." Said the cerebrate.
	"With that weapon I doubt there would be any." Kagato said.
	The Regis caressed the cerebrate lovingly and then sauntered back to 
Kagato.  "Now we destroy the rest of these wretched creatures and launch our 
assault to conquer this universe." Said the Regis.

	Aeka went to the lab to stay with Tenchi and Ryoko.  While they were 
inside their links seemed distant and it was a feeling that was unsettling for 
her.  Washu come in soon after and explained what had been happening.
	"So they have a living computer that can detect our powers?" asked Tenchi.
	"That's right." Said Washu.
	"If its not one damn thing its another with these damn creatures." Said 
Ryoko.
	"So, if Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami leave the lab that giant ship can target 
us." Said Aeka.
	"For now, yes.  But I might have something that can shield your Jurai 
powers." Said Washu.
	"Well, we can't stay in here all damn day that's for sure." Ryoko said.
	"Orrin is having Kryton place the first device now.  We should have the 
second placed in about an hour or so. So, that gives me enough time to get those 
shields ready for you three." Said Washu.
	"Please hurry Miss Washu.  Once your machines are working we have to make 
our move on the palace." Tenchi said.
	"I'm on it, Tenchi." Washu told him and then she was gone into the depths 
of her lab.

	Orrin and Kryton walked over the frozen waste of the southern polar region 
of Jurai.  It was much colder here than on Earth, and it was night time as well.  
The cold nights on Jurai's south pole lasted for almost ten months, and it had 
only two weeks of daylight.
	Orrin did not wear any special suits.  An energy field that protected him 
from the cold surrounded him.  He was also practiced at suppressing his energy 
signature in case the Darklings tried to target them using his energy.
	"It is in place, sire." Said Kryton.
	"Good, turn it on and let get back to the ship." Orrin said.

	Washu returned fifteen minutes later from a subspace doorway that was 
linked to different planets of her lab.  She handed Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami 
wristwatch like devices.  She explained they would shield their powers from the 
cerebrate so they could not be detected.
	They were all happy to be out of the lab.  Tenchi and his wives went to 
the bridge.  They watched through the holographic display that the ship was on 
the move again.
	"I see Washu found a way to keep our friends from seeing you." Said Orrin.
	"Those monsters sure are really inventive, aren't they?  I mean it's a 
real piece of work using our powers to target us." Said Tenchi.
	Orrin nodded in agreement.  "You never know what to expect when dealing 
with Darklings."
	"So, your going to plant that second device?" asked Ryoko.
	"We're headed there now." Said Orrin.
	"Good.  As soon as we do we're going to the palace to hand Kagato his 
balls." Said Ryoko.
	Orrin raised his hands towards her.  "Hold on little Miss Bloodlust.  We 
still have the Xevius to deal with, they could use it to attack the ground 
forces around the capital."
	"Got that covered, Dad." Said Darius.
	"Yes, my scans of the Xevius has detected a weakness in their defense that 
we can exploit." Kryton added.
	Orrin looked at his son and said, "Ok.  When we go for the palace you take 
the Kryton and handle the Xevius."
	Sasami stood up and added, "I'll summon the Tsunami to help out, too."
	The hatch to the bridge opened and Noboyuki and Kiyone walked in.  "We are 
having a meeting?" Noboyuki asked.
	"Sort of.  We're deciding our next action after Washu's second device is 
put into place." Said Tenchi.
	"Well, if you're going after the Regis I'm in." said Noboyuki.
	"Huh?" said Tenchi.
	"I owe that bitch for what she did to me and Kiyone." He said.
	Ryoko smiled and said, "There is hope for you yet, Noboyuki."
	"Ryoko!  Don't encourage him!  Of course your not coming." Said Tenchi.
	"Why not?" asked Noboyuki.
	Tenchi was taken aback.  He didn't really know how to answer that 
question.  He was still thinking about his father as an ordinary human with no 
special powers, but now he was very different and possessed the immense powers 
of a Darkling.  Tenchi cleared his throat and said, "Ok, but if things gets too 
heated I want you to get out of the palace."
	"Deal." Said Noboyuki and he shook his son's hand.
	"I am coming also." Said Katsuhito who just walked on to the bridge.
	"Good to have you along Dad." Said Noboyuki.
	"I can't let you have all of the fun to yourselves can I." The elder 
Masaki said with a smile.
	"Ok. We got our strike team.  Kryton what is our ETA?" asked Orrin.
	"Ten minutes, sire." Replied Kryton.
	When the ship arrived at the northern pole of Jurai, Orrin and Kryton left 
the ship to place the device.  Washu waited at the hatch for their return.  When 
the inner door opened she smiled warmly at the man she loved.  He was still 
shrouded in his aura of protective energy.
	"Ok, they are all in place." Orrin told her.
	"The wave should be reaching the edge of the solar system in a few hours.  
We can have Fonaho move the fleet at that time." Said Washu.
	Orrin walked up to her and dispelled his energy field.  He wrapped his 
arms around her and kissed her tenderly.  "We've both been so busy we haven't 
had much time for each other." He said.  Washu returned his kiss.  It was a deep 
and passionate kiss, and the two lovers held it there for several minutes not 
wanting to let go.  Their lips parted but they still held each other close in 
their arms, their faces only inches apart.
	"I love you." Orrin told her.
	"I love you too." Washu replied.
	Arm in arm the two lovers walked to their private quarters.  As they 
walked down the corridor, Tenchi and his two wives could see them starting to 
strip one another next to their bed before the doors to the room closed off 
their view.  All Tenchi could do was look at Ryoko and then at Aeka.
	"And I thought I was the one who was always horny." Ryoko said.
	"I think Orrin is the best thing that has ever happened to Washu." Aeka 
added.
	"Well, after that story she told us about her husband from twenty thousand 
years ago, I think she deserves some happiness." Tenchi said.
	The trio continued on to their own quarters.  Once inside Ryoko looked 
over at the bed and then she looked at Aeka.  Aeka was thinking the same thing, 
and of course they both literally knew it.  Tenchi caught on to their train of 
thought very quickly since the two girls did not bother to try and keep this 
thought a secret.
	"Tenchi, ever since all of this started neither of us have had a chance to 
be alone with you." Ryoko said.
	"Yes, the last time we were able to be alone was back on Yagami." Aeka 
added.
	"I know, ladies, but everything has been nuts lately.  The crash, the rush 
to reach Jurai, the fight at the palace, running for our lives in this ship, and 
now our imminent attack on the palace." Tenchi said.
	Tenchi sat down on the bed and cradled his head in his hands.  Aeka and 
Ryoko sat down on either side of him and softly caressed his arms and shoulders.
	"We know this has been especially hard on you Tenchi." Aeka said.
	Tenchi patted the two on the leg, then looked up and smiled at them both.  
"I guess its been too much too fast." He said.
	"Aeka let go." Ryoko said and she held up her hand.  The two women did a 
very quick game of Rock, Paper, Scissors.  Aeka held out her hand flat.  
"Paper." She said.  Ryoko made a fist.  "Paper covers rock." Aeka continued.  
"Drat." Ryoko hissed.
	Tenchi looked at the two and asked, "Huh, what are you two doing?"  Ryoko 
gave Tenchi a soft kiss on the lips and replied, "I'll be in the galley talking 
with Sasami."  She floated off the bed and teleported away.  Tenchi looked at 
Aeka but wasn't able to form the words he was about to say because Aeka was 
suddenly all over him.
	"Oh, that's why." Tenchi said in a pleased tone as Aeka pulled up his 
shirt and started kissing him across his chest.

	The next morning Kryton pinpointed the location of Jurai military command 
center.  It was a makeshift base made up of tents and portable buildings, but it 
was all they put together in short notice after the southern base was 
obliterated.  Admiral Shakar was in charge of the operation and he was very 
pleased to see everyone was safe.  He was even more please to hear word of 
Washu's device from Fonaho.
	"So, these devices prevent them from suppressing magic?" the admiral asked 
her.
	"Yes.  We will be on an equal footing with them now.  The wave reaches far 
into space so we can contact the fleet and tell them it is safe to engage the 
enemy." Fonaho explained.
	Admiral Shakar slammed his fist into his other hand and said, "This is the 
news we have been hoping to able to hear, your majesty.  Now we can move on 
these monsters and take back our planet."
	"Lord Tenchi has assembled a special strike team that will entered the 
royal palace to confront Kagato and the Darkling Regis.  Once they are out of 
the way the Darkling forces will be demoralized and weakened.  Tackling them 
afterwards will be relatively easy." Fonaho told him.
	Shakar looked at the Queen of Jurai.  "Lord Tenchi is leading a strike on 
the palace.  But, he is next in line to the throne.  Don't you think it is a 
little dangerous for him to go on such a mission with the Emperor terminally 
ill?" he asked.
	"You know as well as I that Tenchi is more than capable of handling this 
mission.  Besides, with Miss Washu's energy wave in place his powers are at full 
strength against the Darklings." Fonaho replied.
	Admiral Shakar thought for a moment and rubbed his beard.  "That does make 
sense now that I think about it.  And, he has had experience dealing with Kagato 
in the past." He said.
	"My son Yosho, Ryoko, Princess Aeka, Lord Orrin, and Tenchi's father 
Noboyuki make up the team." Fonaho said.
	Shakar looked surprised at the mention of the last person on the list.  
"Does he have combat experience?  He is an ordinary human isn't he?" he asked.
	Fonaho raised her hands to the admiral and explained, "Noboyuki's case is 
very unique.  He was infected by the invaders, but he has regained control."
	"What!  He is one of those things?" asked Shakar.  His eyes were as wide 
as dinner plates.
	"Relax, Miss Washu thoroughly examined him and found that the brain of the 
Darkling parasite inside of him was severely damaged by some force.  That force 
was very well Noboyuki's will trying to free itself, and a small amount of Jurai 
power that he was born with.  His family distantly related to Yosho.  My son had 
many children throughout the centuries he lived on Earth." Fonaho explained.
	Shakar seemed to relax a little.  "You're convinced that he is safe, 
then?" he asked her.
	"If Miss Washu is convince, then I am convinced." Fonaho told him.

	Juraian soldiers looked admiringly at the sleek shape of the Kryton as it 
sat just outside the base.  They had never seen a ship quite like it before.  
Inside Orrin was going over some last minute flight checks with his son.  Kryton 
was in his avatar making a few last minute checks on some of his subsystems.  In 
the lab, Washu was checking on the Emperor's progress.  The Dark Energy was gone 
from seventy-five percent of his body, and already his RNA had started to repair 
the damaged made to his DNA.  This was a good sign.  Unfortunately, some of the 
damage caused to his body would not be so easily repaired.  Azusa would survive, 
but he would not be the man that he was.
	In their quarters, Ryoko was phasing in her black and red battle suit.  
Tenchi had also shift to his Juraian battle gear, and Aeka as just switching 
into her own.  Ryo-Ohki phased through the door to the room and looked up at the 
three.  She sat back on her haunches and meowed loudly.
	"Ryo-Ohki.  Did you come to wish us good luck?" Ryoko asked cheerfully.  
She picked up the little Cabbit and petted her head.
	"Miya, miya miya miya." Meowed the Cabbit.
`	"No, this is going to be a really dangerous mission, so I want you to stay 
close to Sasami." Ryoko told her.
	"Miya." Ryo-Ohki meowed with a pout.
	Tenchi walked up and scratch her behind the ears, this made Ryo-Ohki's 
hind leg twitch with delight.  "I have a little mission for you Ryo-Ohki.  We 
want you to watch over Sasami.  If things get really hairy for her in space 
against that giant space ship we want you go get her out of there." Tenchi told 
her.  "Can you do that, Ryo-Ohki?" asked Ryoko.
	Ryo-Ohki nodded her head and meowed proudly.  "Great, when this is all 
over I promise to get your carrot fields back into shape again.  They're 
probably overgrown with weeds by now." Said Tenchi.
	"MIYA!" Ryo-Ohki meowed loudly and leaped joyously into the air.  She gave 
the three a little military salute with her paw and raced for the door.  She 
jumped to phase through but ended up bouncing off of it.  The second time around 
she phased through without a problem.
	Elsewhere in the ship, Mihoshi was in Kiyone and Noboyuki's quarters 
helping them move into the base.  Chani, who had been under Washu's medical care 
since she arrived, was with them.  She was a completely different little girl 
now before.  The dirty little child in tattered clothing was now a beautiful 
young lady.  She was even wearing one of Sasami's old kimonos.  Chani was around 
Sasami's size, the size when she was still a child herself.
	"I think it's so brave of you to go on this mission, Mr. Masaki." Said 
Mihoshi.
	"Well, it's the least I can do.  I mean all of you have save me a few 
times since we left Earth so it's time I returned the favor." Noboyuki replied.
	Kiyone saw that old look in the young man's face and she slapped him on 
the back of the head.  "What was that for?" he asked her.
	"You know what it was for." She told him.  Then she looked over at 
Mihoshi.  Noboyuki did the same and then he looked at Kiyone with a hurt look on 
his face.  "You don't really think that I was-" he started to say.
	"You were starting to, old habits die hard.  I am going to make sure they 
die out completely." Kiyone said with a crooked smile.  She turned to Mihoshi 
who had been practically gushing over how brave Noboyuki was about going on this 
mission with Tenchi for nearly and hour now.  "And as for you, he's my man so 
quit trying to flirt with him!" shouted Kiyone.
	"I'm not trying to flirt Kiyone, honest." Said Mihoshi with her puppy dog 
eyes, but this time they were working on Kiyone.  "Well, I couldn't help it.  He 
is pretty cute." She added.
	"Huh, huh?  And I thought you and Orrin's son Darius were an item." Said 
Kiyone.
	"Well, we decided to just be friends." Mihoshi said innocently as she 
steepled her fingers.  Kiyone looked at her with some surprise and said, "Oh, 
yea, after you banged his brains out like you do all the other guys we meet.  I 
swear I wish I had quarter for every one-night-stand you've had since we became 
partners." Said Kiyone.
	Mihoshi looked shocked at what she just heard.  "I am not that loose!" she 
shouted.
	"No, then why do half the guys back at headquarters call you Moaning 
Mihoshi?" asked Kiyone.
	"Can I help it if I'm a friendly person!" Mihoshi cried and the tears 
started to flow.
	"There is big different between being friendly and being easy." Kiyone 
added.  Noboyuki decided that he had enough and he stepped in between the two 
women.
	"Kiyone, first of all, I think your being pretty cruel to Mihoshi.  And, 
secondly, never during the entire time I was with Achika did a I ever so much as 
look at another woman.  With you I will do the same thing." He said.
	Mihoshi was sitting on the floor with tears pouring from her eyes and 
Kiyone felt very small.  She had taken her fear for Noboyuki going on this 
mission and used it to attack Mihoshi for no good reason.  She knew that 
Noboyuki would never cheat on her.  He had a reputation for being devoted the to 
women he loved.  He was very devoted to his late wife, talking to her in his 
prayers, and tending to her gravesite near the shrine every day.
	"Mihoshi, I'm sorry.  I'm just scared with everything that is going on 
right now.  I didn't really mean to say the things I did." Said Kiyone.
	Mihoshi whipped her eyes and looked up at her friend and partner.  "Do you 
mean it, Kiyone?" she asked.  "Yes, I mean it." Kiyone replied.  Mihoshi jumped 
up and wrapped her arms around Kiyone.  "Oh, Kiyone, thank you, thank you!" she 
cried.  Just at that moment, Mihoshi's weight made Kiyone go off balance and she 
staggered backwards.  Noboyuki moved swiftly to try and catch them but even he 
was too late.  The two women came crashing down and knocked over the boxes they 
had been packing.  Now everything was scattered all over the floor.
	"Mihoshi!" growled Kiyone.
	"Opps.  Sorry about that Kiyone.  I guess I got carried away." Mihoshi 
said innocently and giggled girlishly.  Kiyone and Noboyuki just sighed 
exasperatedly.

	A few hours into the day passed and Emperor Azusa's treatment was 
complete.  He came out of his induced coma and was able to communicate.  He was 
unable to walk, however.  Fonaho and Misaki listened as Washu explained that the 
dark energy poisoning had done more than DNA damage.  It had also caused 
cellular damage that would be harder to repair.  The Emperor's spinal column was 
one of the systems in his body that was effect.
	"How long will these effects last?" Azusa asked in a weak voice.
	"I won't lie to you, Azusa, but this condition could last for years.  
Maybe even indefinitely." Washu told him.
	"Is there anything you can do, Miss Washu?" asked Misaki.
	Washu started typing on her holographic laptop and said, "I will put 
together a regiment of physical rehabilitation and medication that might restore 
his ability to walk within say a year.  However, there is no guarantee it will 
work."
	"That dammed Kagato did this to me.  He know this was going to happen, I 
know it." Said Azusa.
	"It's likely he intended to kill you.  Dark energy can be very nasty when 
it comes into contact with living flesh." Said Washu.
	"Is there anything else I should be aware of?" the Emperor asked.
	"Well, I wouldn't recommend eating any solid foods for a few days.  The 
infection left your digestive system a mess, but I can clear that up easily.  
And, your immune system is weak also, so I'll have to give you full spectrum 
inoculation for any know viruses.  Even the common Juraian flu could be fatal to 
you in your state." Washu said as she continued to type away at her laptop.
	"Before Tenchi and the others leave for the palace, I think it would be a 
good idea if the troops saw that the Emperor was well.  It would be good for 
moral." Said Fonaho.
	Washu nodded in agreement.  "I agree.  Moral has been low from what I 
hear." She said.
	"What is this about Tenchi?" Azusa asked.
	"It was before you awakened, dear.  Tenchi is leading a strike force into 
the palace to take out Kagato and the Darkling Regis." Fonaho explained.
	"Yosho is going with him, as well as Aeka, Ryoko, Orrin, and Tenchi's 
father." Said Misaki.
	"Tenchi's father was found." the Emperor said in surprise.
	"Noboyuki was implant with a Darkling larva, and turned into one of them.  
However, it appears that a combination of a small amount of dormant Jurai power 
and his own will power overwhelmed the Darkling mind controlling him and he is 
now free of its dark influence.  The Parasite is pretty much brain dead, and 
Noboyuki's human personality has taken over." Washu explained.
	The Emperor looked a little shocked and overwhelmed at this development.  
"Is it even possible?" he asked.  "Well, Orrin said it happened once before a 
long time ago, so it is likely it could happen again." Washu replied.
	"Anyway, they are leaving today.  Orrin's son and daughter are going to 
take the ship into orbit and deal with a powerful battleship that invaders used 
to destroy the southern base." Said Fonaho.
	Azusa nodded.  "A tragedy that is.  So many good young men lost." He said.
	"Admiral Shakar is going to send the troops into the capital city soon 
after Tenchi's team reaches the palace.  The fleet will engage the enemy ships 
in orbit, and Orrin's son will handle that giant spaceship." Said Fonaho.
	"Did the Holy Council make it to safety?" Azusa asked.
	"Luckily most of them survived.  Arch Prelate Annias and several of the 
members of the council were on route to the base when it was destroyed.  Some of 
the councilmen were in the base when it was destroyed.  The rest with the Arch 
Prelate are here in this makeshift base." Explained Fonaho.
	"There is more, dear.  Its about Sasami." Said Misaki.
	Azusa tried to sit up, but he was still too weak.  "What about Sasami?" he 
asked.  There a little bit of fear in his voice.
	"It is nothing life-threatening.  She has completed her assimilation with 
Tsunami.  You should see her, she is absolutely beautiful." Said Fonaho.
	As if on cue the door to the lab opened and Sasami entered the lab.  She 
seemed to almost glide across the floor over to his father's medical bed.  Her 
walk was that graceful.  The immensity of Sasami's beauty brought tears to 
Azusa's eyes.  He reached for her and Sasami took his hand.
	"My little Sasami, you've grown so much." He said.
	"I'm not little anymore, Daddy.  How are you feeling?" Sasami asked.
	"Like I was in a game of Tackle Ball, and I was the ball." Azusa laughed.
	Sasami smiled and leaned down and kissed her father on the cheek.  Azusa 
felt a strange sensation in her kiss and immediately all of the aches and pains 
in his body suddenly went away.  Warning alarms went off on the Washu's laptop.  
Washu gasped and looked at her laptop screen, and then looked up at Sasami.
	"Sister, cut that out!  You almost gave me a heart attack.  His heart rate 
and blood pressure just leaped up nearly seventy percent in two seconds!" Washu 
shouted.  Sasami just giggled girlishly.
	Using his arms to lift him up, still unable to move his legs, Azusa sat 
up.  Fonaho and Misaki moved to help him stay steady.  "Sister?" he asked and 
looked at Sasami.
	"Tsunami and Washu are sisters, so now that I am also Tsunami I am her 
sister also." Explained Sasami.
	Azusa scratched his had in signature Tenchi style.  "Now I'm confused."
	"You get used to it." Fonaho told him.

	Tenchi, Aeka, and Ryoko walked down the boarding ramp of the Kryton and 
were met by Katsuhito and Admiral Shakar.  They exchanged greetings and 
handshakes.  The Admiral invited them into his private tent.  The spacious 
structure was modest inside.  The admiral had a cot for a bed, a table with a 
small electric lamb for at night, and a table with a few chairs.  The table had 
several dozen different maps of the capital city and the surrounding countryside 
piled on top of it.  Shakar pour each of them a drink.
\	"It isn't sake, but it is considered a fine drink on Jurai." He explained.
	"Ah, Sagaris Wine.  Finest drink on planet Jurai." Said Katsuhito as he 
took a sip of his glass.
	"Not bad, tastes almost like sake." Said Ryoko.
	"Let us toast to our imminent victory over these invaders." Said the 
admiral.  Shakar held up his glass and the others did the same.  "Cheers." They 
all said as they brought their glasses together.
	"Father should be ready soon.  We also have to wait for Orrin." Said 
Tenchi.
	"Darius and Sasami are going to take on that Xevius thing." Said Ryoko.
	Aeka finished off her glass and said, "It will be almost as dangerous as 
what we are about to do."
	"Kagato was very powerful before he became one of these monsters.  We have 
no way of knowing just how much more powerful he has become." Katsuhito said.
	"Everyone has a weakness.  You taught me that grandpa.  And, you also 
taught me that the bigger they are the harder they fall." Tenchi said.
	"This is true Tenchi.  Kagato may be immensely powerful now, but he has an 
Achilles' heel.  The key is knowing where to find it." Katsuhito replied.
	"We also have that bitch to take care of too." Ryoko added.
	Admiral Shakar poured them all a fresh drink saying, "I wish you all a 
safe journey to the palace, and glorious victory when you get there.  The hopes 
of the future of our planet rest on your shoulders."
	"We'll do our best." Said Aeka.
	
	Orrin, Noboyuki, Kiyone, and Mihoshi walked down the boarding ramp and 
were greeted by the others.  The Admiral greeted Noboyuki and marveled at how 
young he looked compared to Tenchi.  After these meeting they came together in 
the main command center.  It was a portable building, the inside linked with 
portable computer consoles.  Each console had a technician working at it.  These 
consoles monitored air traffic, communications, and troop movements all over the 
region.  A holographic emitter on the floor projected a tactical map of the area 
in the middle of the room.
	"There is an entrance into the underground catacombs that run below the 
palace here.  It is near the village of Watocha.  That is about ten miles from 
the capital city, and well behind our lines." Said the admiral.
	"We'll need to travel ten miles underground?" asked Tenchi.
	"No, there is a maglev tram system that runs through the catacombs to 
transport the royal family away from the palace incase of evacuation." Shakar 
replied.  The holographic display changed to show the underground catacombs and 
the tram system that ran through it.
	"It must have been built after me and Sasami left Jurai to find Yosho." 
Aeka said.
	"Yes, Ryoko's attacks on the palace made us see the necessity for such 
things." Shakar replied.
	"In a way you guys should be thanking me then." Ryoko said.
	"Ryoko." Tenchi said exasperatedly.
	"Sorry." She said and leaned her arm on his shoulder.
	Admiral Shakar coughed to clear his throat and said, "The tram leads to a 
lift shaft that opens up in the grand dinning room just off of the throne room."
	The holographic image changed to reflect this and showed a shaft rising up 
through the rock and soil towards the inner sections of the palace.  "The doors 
to the lift will only react to members of the royal family.  This means that 
only Tenchi, Lord Yosho, and Princess Aeka can operate it.  I do not know if it 
will react to Lady Ryoko unless the royal trees know of her marriage to lord 
Tenchi." Said Shakar.
	"Believe me, they know, because Sasami knows and she is Tsunami." Ryoko 
told him.
	"So I hear.  From this point you will be in the palace.  On the other side 
the dinning room is the entrance to the throne room.  Our intelligence tells us 
the Darklings are using the throne room as their base of operations." Shakar 
said.
	"Looks simple enough." Noboyuki commented.
	"Looks can be deceiving." Katsuhito interjected.
	"The hardest part of this will be fighting Kagato and the Regis." Said 
Tenchi.
	Orrin studied the holographic display a bit more closely and asked, "Are 
there any defenses in these catacombs?"
	"Oh yes, there are automated sentry cannons." The admiral explained.
	"And there is no other way to get down there besides the lift?" Orrin 
asked.
	"As far as I know, it is the only way." Said Shakar.
	Ryoko stepped forward saying, "Hold on.  I remember a service lift that 
went into some catacombs when we were chasing Zarlova."
	Admiral Shakar looked at her in surprise and asked, "Where was this lift?"
	Aeka stepped forward and point at the area around the royal living 
quarters.  "It was in this area.  It was a part of the service way that ran 
within the walls." She explained.
	"If the Darklings know about that through Zarlova's brain leech." Said 
Orrin.  "We could be in for a difficult journey." Katsuhito added.
	"Well, bring'em on.  I like fighting my way in compared to all of this 
cloak and dagger shit." Said Ryoko.
	"Ok, lets assume they know about this lift.  We'll need to be extra 
cautious.  Don't let your guard down for a second in those tunnels." Orrin told 
them.
	"Once we get word from you we'll move our forces in and attack." Admiral 
Shakar said.
	Noboyuki clapped his hands saying, "Well, sounds like a plan.  I like it."
	
	There was a sudden commotion outside the building.  Several shouts and 
then cheers from hundreds of the troops stationed outside.  Before anyone would 
move to investigate a parade of people entered the building.  In the lead were 
Empress Misaki and Queen Fonaho of Planet Jurai.  Between them, sitting in a 
hover chair, was the Emperor of Jurai.  Behind them walked Princess Sasami and 
Washu.
	"Father!" Aeka cried and she ran to Azusa and hugged him tightly.
	"My dear Aeka.  It is good to see you." Azusa said.  His voice was still a 
little weak.
	"Your majesty.  I am pleased to see that you are doing well, sire." Said 
Admiral Shakar.
	"Thank you, admiral.  Now, I understand that Lord Tenchi is leading an 
attack on the palace." Azusa said.
	"Yes, my lord." Shakar replied.
	"I have only one thing to say about this mission." Azusa said.  Everyone 
looked at him.  They were all afraid that he might disapprove of the mission.  
That would force them to come up with an alternative, and they knew this was the 
only way.  The emperor turned to Tenchi and said, "Rip that asshole Kagato a new 
one for me."
	"Azusa, such language!" scolded Misaki.
	"That bastard left me crippled, possibly for life.  I want to see him 
suffer for what he did to me and our people." Said Azusa.
	"Tenchi, Aeka, and I promise to make his death as slow and painful as 
possible.  Even if it means our own deaths." Ryoko said with a wide smile.
	Tenchi, Aeka and all the others suddenly face faltered.  "I think Ryoko is 
enjoying this way too much." Said Aeka.  "You think?" Tenchi asked with a sigh.

	The time to leave had come.  Darius, Yuko, and Mihoshi sat in the bridge 
of the Kryton.  They looked through the holographic display at Tenchi and the 
others waving farewell as they lifted off into the sky.  The Kryton streaked 
away at immense speed and vanished as Darius engaged the cloaking field.  At 
such a fast speed, the ship was able to reach orbit in only a few moments.
	"Alright, now we wait for the signal from the Admiral." Said Darius.
	"Oh my god, I have that thing on the sensors.  Its actually that big?" 
asked Mihoshi.
	"I never saw the Xevius in person.  Dad was actually aboard it once, but I 
wasn't even born when that happened." Yuko said.
	"It may appear large and menacing, but its defenses are designed to fend 
off a massive assault.  We are small enough to get in under their guns and 
strike their weak points." Kryton explained.
	"Where is Sasami?" Mihoshi asked.  Suddenly there was a bright flash of 
blue light and Sasami appeared on the bridge.  "I'm right here." She said.
	"Where is your ship?" Darius asked her.
	"Out there.  It's in a subspace pocket.  All I have to do is call it to me 
and we are ready to go." She said.
	
	A military hover vehicle entered the small village of Watocha.  Civilians 
looked timidly out of their windows as rows of Juraian troops marched down their 
streets.  The vehicle stopped at what looked like a public garden in the center 
of town.
	"The statue of Emperor Shadam the Fourth is the entrance to the 
catacombs." Admiral Shakar explained.
	"How do we open it?" Tenchi asked.
	"His sword arm moves up.  When you move the arm it will reveal a button.  
The button will open a hatch at the base of the statue." Shakar told him.
	"Ok, have it from here.  Good luck Admiral." Tenchi told him.  Everyone 
climbed out of the vehicle and walked into the park.  There were several 
statues, but Katsuhito knew which one to go to.
	"That is him.  Shadam the Fourth, the second ruler and founder of the 
royal family of Jurai." Katsuhito said as he pointed out the statue.  The man 
looked well built, had a long beard, and had a stern face.  Despite all of this 
he seemed to have kind eyes.  They did as Shakar said and soon had the hatch 
opened.  Inside they found a sloping corridor that lead to large underground 
cavern beneath the village.  A platform for the tram system was here, but the 
tramcar was nowhere in sight.
	"Hmmm.  Maybe we need to find a control to bring the tramcar here." Said 
Tenchi.
	After searching the platform Katsuhito found a call control panel and used 
it to recall the tramcar.  It was a short wait and soon the tramcar stopped at 
the platform and everyone boarded.
	"This is the point of no return." Said Orrin as he pressed a button on the 
tramcar controls and sent it rolling down the track.  The ride was smooth since 
the tramcar was a maglev vehicle.  It rode on a metallic track and was suspended 
about the track by a magnetic field.  Lights on the tramcar illuminated the 
walls of the catacomb the track ran through.  The walls were unmarred by 
construction machinery and left in their natural state.  The sound of dripping 
water could be heard far ahead in the relative silence.  The tramcar was very 
quiet except for a low humming noise.
	"We must be approaching the lake that surrounds the city." Said Aeka.
	"Is that what all that dripping is?" Ryoko asked.
	"We have tunnels like this on Earth, but this one was formed naturally 
from an ancient lava flow." Katsuhito said.
	A strange red glow began to illuminate the walls of the catacomb and the 
temperature started to rise.  Tenchi moved his way to the front of the tramcar 
and peered in the murky darkness ahead.  He sniffed the air and wrinkled his 
nose to the smell up ahead.
	"What is that stench?" Noboyuki asked.
	"Peeeyuuuu!  Ok, who cut the cheese?" Ryoko asked.
	"Nobody, that's sulfur." Said Tenchi.
	Orrin moved up to the front of the tramcar and sniffed the air.  "That's 
brimstone alright, we much be near a geyser or a sulfur pool.  But, I didn't 
know there were any volcanoes in this area." He said.
	"Mt. Kindara which you can see from the highest tower of the palace was 
once a volcano.  The capital city has around ten quakes a year because of the 
fault line in this region." Katsuhito told them.
	"I remember going through my first quake.  Sasami and I were very young 
then." Aeka said.
	"I don't like this." Said Noboyuki.
	"Yeah, it does smell a lot." Ryoko said pinching her nose.
	"Not that.  Don't any of you think it's strange that we got this far 
without them detecting us?" he asked.
	Everyone looked at Noboyuki for a moment.  Tenchi looked down the dark 
catacomb and at the track that went off into the murky darkness ahead.  "Maybe 
its because of the energy signature shields Ryoko and I are wearing." Tenchi 
said with a shrug.
	"I possess the power of Jurai also, but not as strongly as the three of 
you.  They should have detected me." Katsuhito added.
	Orrin nodded.  "I have to admit, its pretty strange." He said.

	Within the palace Kagato and the Regis were glued to the holographic 
display created by the cerebrate.  They watched as the Kryton and the Tsunami 
started their attacks on the Xevius in space.  The two ships appeared no larger 
than grains of sand next to the vast size of the old Imperium battle station.
	"What do they hope to gain by doing this?" the Regis asked.
	"That ship overpowers them a thousand to one." Kagato told her.
	The Regis thought for a moment and then said, "Ah, but the Elo'Quin's 
chosen one has a history with this battle station.  He may know something about 
its weaknesses that we do not know."
	"Your not suggesting that those tiny ships can actually destroy that 
thing, do you?" Kagato asked her in disbelief.
	The Regis smiled at him.  "Never underestimate your enemies, my dear 
Kagato." She said.
	"Unidentified energy signatures detected." Said the cerebrate.
	The holographic display of the battle in space switched to topographical 
rendering of the capital city.  The camera angle changed to a position above 
ground, and then several red indicators appeared.  They were several hundred 
feet underground and moving towards the palace.
	"One energy signature identified as Darkling, however, the energy 
frequency is abnormal." The cerebrate added.
	"Abnormal?  Please explain." Asked Kagato.
	"Further analysis necessary.  All Darkling entities contain Dark Energy at 
a specific frequency.  This Darkling signature is devoid of this energy." The 
Cerebrate answered.  Kagato and the Regis looked at one another.  "Noboyuki!" 
the Regis cried.

	
	 Darius maneuvered Kryton around several massive energy blasts.  His 
piloting skills were almost on par with his father's.  Mihoshi looked up from 
her station and was frightened by the enormous size of the battle station.  The 
scene reminded her of the trench battle scene from Star Wars.  If the Xevius had 
been a giant sphere it would have looked like the Death Star, but it was a 
massive construct made up of asteroids.  Each asteroid was the size of Texas and 
Alaska.  The propulsion for the giant ship was an array of massive gravity 
generators that curved space behind the ship, thus creating forward momentum.
	"The Darkness has modified the weapons.  We can only withstand two hits 
before out shields go off-line." Kryton announced.
	"Thanks for tell me that." Darius said.
	Mihoshi pointed a shaky finger at the main display and asked, "How are we 
going to destroy that giant thing?"
	"It may look big and threatening, but we know its weaknesses.  Besides, 
Dad when up against this thing alone once." Yuko told her.
	The Tsunami appeared on the main display.  The most powerful of all ships, 
surrounded by ten Wings of the Light Hawk, weaved in and out among the hale of 
energy blasts coming from the giant ship.  Several times the Tsunami opened up 
with its cannons at the Xevius and disabled one of its large turbo cannons.
	"Tell Sasami to head for the lower most part of the ship near the primary 
cannon.  The entrance to the interior is there." Darius said.
	"Roger." Yuko replied.
	Immediately after the Tsunami dove towards the Xevius and skimmed it's 
surface heading towards the primary cannon.  At that altitude the turbo cannons 
could not move down far enough to open fire.  Seeing this Darius dropped the 
Kryton lower and did the same.  The cannon fire around them stopped.
	"That worked." Darius said.
	"Yes it did, Master Darius.  However, I am not detecting new signals.  
Darkling fighters are being launched." Kryton told him.
	"Well isn't that special." Darius said in the sarcastic voice of the 
Church Lady.

	The tramcar stopped at the end of the track and its passengers walked off 
onto the boarding platform.  The cavern was dark except for minimal lighting 
that illuminated a catwalk that ran along the wall.  At the end of the catwalk 
was and alcove where the lift that went into the palace could be found.  Tenchi 
and company moved quickly to the lift.  The controls were simple, and up and 
down button.  Tenchi pressed the up button, a wooden grate extended across the 
opening for the lift and then it started up the shaft.
	"Here we go folks.  Remember, Darklings can only be killed by beheading 
them." Orrin told them.
	Katsuhito took the Master Key in his hand.  Aeka and Ryoko readied 
themselves, and Noboyuki seemed to concentrate within himself for a moment.
	"Kagato will be extremely powerful, me and Tenchi will handle him.  Aeka 
and Ryoko can take the Regis, and Katsuhito and Noboyuki, you two guard our 
backs." Orrin added.
	Katsuhito and Noboyuki nodded.  "Got it." They said at once.
	The lift stopped and the grate folded away.  An outer wall opened up to 
show the interior of the palace.  It was strange for Aeka to return home, and 
not feel at ease.  She was familiar with this part of the palace, but it was 
alien to her now because of who it was that occupied it.
	Suddenly, Orrin felt something.  The hairs on the back of his head went up 
and he knew immediately that it was his sixth sense.  "We got company!" he 
shouted.  Immediately after he warned them a horde of Darklings appeared out of 
the shadows and attacked.  Orrin blasted several before they had a chance to get 
very far, but the rest got past him and attacked Tenchi and the others.  Already 
Tenchi and Ryoko had called upon their Light Hawk Wings and were cutting down 
the attackers.  Aeka summoned her shield and was striking the monsters with 
blasts of energy.  With Washu's device in operation her powers were actually 
having a effect on the monsters.  Without a sword weapon she could not behead 
the creatures, but she could use her energy blasts to blow their heads off.  It 
was messy doing it that way, but Aeka was so enraged with the creatures she 
barely noticed.  Katsuhito summoned the blade of the Master Key.  He was running 
and leaping around the Darklings at lightning speed.  Many of the monsters lost 
their heads before they know what was happening to them.  As for Noboyuki, he 
transformed into his albino Darkling form and was fighting the creatures toe to 
toe.  The others finished their fights without much of a problem in time to 
witness Noboyuki's fight.  He was up against one large Darkling.  On one side 
was a Darkling in all black, and on the other was a Darkling that was an off-
white color.  The two exchanged breath weapons attacks that they were able to 
shield effortlessly.  Noboyuki extended a set of glowing claws from the knuckles 
of his twisted hands and struck.  The blades dug deep into the other creature, 
and its energy went into Noboyuki.  Another wing took the beast's head and its 
energy was absorbed directly into Noboyuki.
	"Wow." Ryoko said.
	"Dad, are you ok?" Tenchi asked.
	Noboyuki transformed back to humanoid form.  "Every time I kill one of 
them I seem to get stronger." He said.
	"Of course, albinos can't feed on living things like ordinary Darklings.  
They get their energy from the Ethereal Matrix and from killing Darklings." 
Orrin explained.
	"Enough chit chat.  Lets find Kagato and his bitch and get this over 
with." Aeka growled.
	"Now you're talking my language, Princess." Ryoko said, smiling.

	"It is not possible!  How are they doing this?" the Regis cried.
	She watched the battle and was shocked to see the intruders cut down some 
of her best troops so quickly.  She was impressed with how powerful Noboyuki 
turned out to be, but seeing as he was an albino she knew he had to be killed 
quickly.
	"There is no data to extrapolate an accurate conclusion to that question." 
The cerebrate said.
	"I didn't ask you!" she replied.
	"Well, if they came here for a fight we should be polite and oblige them." 
Kagato said.
	Knowing they were much more powerful than ordinary Darklings, the Regis 
agreed and nodded her head.  It was rare for her to get into battles.  Usually 
no one was able to survive her forces to get this far.  When she did fight her 
enemies often times did not live long, or were cut down almost immediately.  She 
longed for a real challenge, and now it looked like she was going to get one.
	Tenchi and the gang reached the doors to the throne room.  This was where 
it was believed Kagato and the Regis had setup a command center.  Before Orrin 
blaster down the door, he pulled out a communicator and handed it to Tenchi.
	"Admiral Shakar, come in.  This is Lord Tenchi." Tenchi said into the 
device.
	"Yes, your majesty." The Admiral replied.  His voice was a little 
distorted by the transmission.
	"We are inside the palace and have engaged the enemy.  Begin your 
assault." Tenchi told him.
	"At once sire." Shakar said.
	Tenchi pocketed the communicator.  He looked back at Aeka and Ryoko.  The 
two women, is wives, the most important people in his life smiled back at him.  
They would follow him to the eight worst hells if it were necessary.  He could 
feel their love for him through the link he shared with them.
	[This is it.  We go to face Kagato again.] he told them over the link.
	[For the last time, I hope.] Ryoko replied.
	[Yes, let us make certain he cannot come back this time.] Aeka added.
	[Orrin and I will take Kagato, and you two handle the Regis, ok.] Tenchi 
said.
	[Alright, but if it looks like your having any trouble we'll help out.] 
Ryoko told him.
	[Yes, he can't defeat us if we combine our powers against him.] Aeka said.
	"Here we go, people.  Remember your jobs and we can end this mess 
quickly." Orrin said before he summoned a sphere of energy and blasted the 
throne room doors.
	The two massive doors were obliterated by the blast, and in the dust and 
smoke Tenchi and company ran.  They stopped when they found themselves standing 
before a great mass of pulsating flesh.  It looked as if it were made up of 
hundreds of different creatures that were melded together somehow, and in a 
large clear membrane on top of the mass was a huge brain.
	"They do have a Cerebrate!" Orrin shouted.
	"Impressive isn't it." The Regis said.  Everyone turned towards her voice 
and Orrin's eyes went wide.
	"I know you." He said.
	"I'm not surprised you remember me, Orrin.  After all you're the one who 
almost killed me back when you and your Alliance raided Primus Imperia." The 
Regis said.
	"Your kind is what perverted the Imperium into what it became.  If you had 
left them alone they would not have been the scourge you turned them into." 
Orrin spat.
	"Because of you, the resurrection of our lord did not come to pass." The 
Regis snarled. 
	"And let you release an evil of that magnitude upon the universe.  I don't 
think so." Orrin replied and he started powering up for an attack.
	"I hate to interrupt this touching reunion, but its time for all of you to 
die now." Kagato said as he stepped out from behind the cerebrate.
	"Kagato." Ryoko hissed.
	"Nice to see you again Ryoko.  You haven't changed much, but then again 
one shouldn't expect too much from someone as defective as you." Kagato said.
	"I've changed a lot more than you could even begin to understand, Kagato." 
Ryoko spat back.
	"As a member of the Royal Family of Jurai, I order you to relinquish 
command of this palace immediately!" Aeka shouted.
	The Regis and Kagato both laughed.  "Arrogant as ever I see, Princess 
Aeka.  You see, I no longer need you or your knowledge of the power of Tsunami.  
I have found a power that is much greater than Tsunami and Ryoko's gems." Kagato 
said.
	"All men of great power have great weaknesses." Katsuhito said.
	"Well, well, well.  The former First Crown Prince is here also.  Come to 
witness the death of your successor, Yosho?" asked Kagato.
	"You're the one who is going to die today, and I'm going to make sure it's 
for good this time!" Tenchi shouted.
	Kagato launched himself into the air and summoned his green energy sword.  
"Then lets see what you've got boy.  I hope you've improved since our first 
encounter." He said.
	Tenchi transformed into the Light Hawk armor and sword, and then launched 
himself at Kagato.  The two flew around the cavernous throne room exchanging 
sword blows.  Neither side seemed to be giving any ground.  "I'm impressed, you 
have improved.  But it will not be enough to save you." Kagato said.
	The two combatants flew around at lightning speed now.  It was had to keep 
track of the two as they exchanged sword blows and energy blasts.  The walls of 
the throne room were quickly starting to look like Swiss cheese.
	"So, I understand the two of you are in love with this Tenchi." The Regis 
said to Aeka and Ryoko.  The two women peeled their eyes off the battle overhead 
and turned their attention on the Regis.
	"I won't kill you, immediately.  He is kind of cute.  Maybe I'll let you 
watch me please myself with him before I drink is essence." She added.
	Aeka and Ryoko both seethed with rage.  With a loud battle cry the two 
rushed the Regis, but were surprised to suddenly find she was no longer there.  
They turned just in time to deflect an energy blast directed at them.  Ryoko 
teleported behind the Regis and swung with her sword, but an invisible force 
grabbed her and threw her against the wall.
	"Fool, I am thousands of times more powerful than the Darklings you have 
faced thus far." The Regis said.
	Aeka threw a flurry of energy blasts at the Regis but she defected them 
with ease.  She then summoned her own energy sword and rushed the princess.  
Aeka ducked under a blow aimed at her head and came up with a Jurai Power 
charged uppercut to the Regis' face.  The impact was tremendous, much more 
powerful than the Regis expected, and it sent her flying into the ceiling.
	The Regis pulled herself out of the ceiling and looked down at Aeka.  
"This game is suddenly getting very interesting." She said.
	She did not have time to think of a new attack though.  Ryoko took the 
time to fly into the air and swung her sword in an arch that would hit her in 
the midsection.  The Regis formed a shield to deflect the blow, but did not 
expect to see what Ryoko did next.  The powder blue haired beauty had faked the 
blow and now brought the glowing blade up so that it would hit her shoulder.  
The Regis wasn't fast enough to parry the attack and Ryoko's blade dug deep into 
her flesh.
	"Ahhhhhh!" the Regis cried and dropped to the floor.
	The Regis was surprised at immense pain the wound inflicted, and was 
doubly surprise at the fact that it was not instantly healing.  This means only 
one thing.  Somehow these beings found a way to prevent her kind from 
suppressing magic.  How they did this was not an issue.  She had to deal with 
her attackers more aggressively now.  To that end she transformed to her 
Darkling form.  Her size increased by two times, she sported four tentacles that 
ended with glowing claws.  Her head was slug-like with a huge maw of sharp, 
slime-covered teeth.
	"Damn, you are really fuckin ugly." Ryoko commented.
	"I tire of this game, now you die." The Regis said in an inhuman voice.
	Aeka cried out as she forced a shield to black the Regis' claws.  The hit 
nearly broke through her shield and sent her fly across the room.  Ryoko cried 
out Aeka's name and threw several energy blasts into the monster.  The Regis 
took the damage and just laughed it off.  She directed her attack at Ryoko, and 
in doing so left herself open.  She failed to remember Noboyuki and Katsuhito 
where also in the room.
	"Aaaayyyyeeeee!" Katsuhito cried at he hurdled through the air with the 
Master Key raised above his head.  The sword blow struck her head and spit it in 
half.  Green energy spewed forth and she covered the wound.  Her efforts were in 
vain, and the wound was not immediately healing either.
	"Aeka, Ryoko, finish her!" Katsuhito shouted.
	The two hearing him rushed towards the crippled monster and threw 
everything they had at it.  Aeka channeled all the energy she could generate at 
once into a massive blast.  The burst struck the Regis on the side and blow a 
massive hold through her body.  The creature howled in agony, only to have her 
cries suddenly silence to a sword blow from Ryoko.  She dropped down from above 
with her sword and slashed the rest of the Regis' head.  The monster stood there 
for several minutes motionless as her head full to the floor.  Suddenly, there 
was a blinding blast of green light and a shockwave struck everyone on the 
ground.  It knocked them to the floor, and when the fighter climbed back to 
their feet they found only a blackened spot on the floor where the Regis had 
been.
	"Oh, yeah!  We came, we saw, we kicked its ass!" Ryoko cried in victory.
	"Tenchi!" Aeka cried.  Everyone looked up.  In the fight they nearly 
forgot about Tenchi's fight.  Orrin had joined the battle with Kagato and it was 
immediately clear that neither of them were fairing well against him.  Tenchi 
looked like he was tiring out.  He still had the Holy Armor and Light Hawk 
Sword, but it showed in his face.  Orrin sent several energy blasts into Kagato, 
but the Regent just deflected them with his sword.  He had not even bothered to 
transform into his Darkling form.
	"You may have defeated the Regis, but you will find that I will not be so 
easily destroyed." Kagato snarled.
	"He's grown more powerful than any Regent I've ever faced before." Orrin 
said.
	"We're getting nowhere fast with him.  What do we do now?" Tenchi asked 
him.
	"I'll distract him while you try to get a blow to his head." Orrin said 
and he immediate teleported to the other side of the throne room.  From there he 
called upon all the power he could muster.  Orrin's powers were immense, and 
calling upon all he had was enough to level a large city.  Kagato did not expect 
such a powerful blast, he was able to deflect most of it, but the rest struck 
him like a ton of bricks.  In the confusion, Tenchi rushed forward and swung his 
sword at Kagato.  He hit, but immediately he regretted it.  The strike did 
indeed cut through the Regent's neck, but to his surprise it heal instantly.
	"You!" Kagato screamed and he released a blast at Tenchi.  It was 
everything he had all at once, and the burst sent Tenchi flying into and through 
the throne room wall.
	"Tenchi!" Aeka and Ryoko both cried.  They ran for the exit to look for 
their husband, but Kagato swooped down from above and grabbed Aeka.
	"You may have won this battle, but the war is far from over!  And, to 
ensure that you don't try to follow me, I'll take the Princess as a hostage!" 
Kagato shouted at them.
	"Aeka!" Ryoko shouted.  She started to fly towards Kagato but she stopped 
when she heard Aeka in her mind.
	[No, I can't feel Tenchi.  Ryoko go to him, please.] Aeka said.
	[I can't just let him take you!] Ryoko cried.
	[He won't hurt me as long as you don't attack.  Please, do this for Tenchi 
he needs you now.] Aeka pleaded.
	Ryoko closed her eyes and tears began to fall.  [Tenchi and I will get you 
away form him, I promise Aeka.  You hear me we'll come for you!] Ryoko shouted 
and she changed directions and went to find Tenchi.  At that moment Kagato 
summoned a subspace door and flew into it.  Noboyuki and Katsuhito tried to 
follow him through the air, but it was too late.
	
	The ground battle outside the royal palace of Jurai was the largest and 
most violent display of military power in Jurai's history.  Ten thousand Juraian 
troops marched into the capital city and were met by the Darklings.  As the two 
forces came together the killing started.  Hundreds on each side died.  In some 
places the number of Juraian bodies were enough to cover the ground like a 
carpet, and in others the number of burn marks from the death of Darklings were 
so numerous you could not pinpoint individual spots.  The fight inside the 
palace was long over, and the battle outside had just begun.  The Darkness 
brought in the same crab-like war machines to engage the enemy, but they had to 
deal with air attacks from Juraian battleships that arrived from the edge of the 
solar system.  The grand battle took nearly ten hours and the cost was very 
high, but as the sun began to set upon the Royal Palace the Juraians were 
beginning to celebrate their victory.  In the aftermath of the battle it would 
be found that six thousand men lost their lives.  Six thousand gave their lives 
so that billions could live and have freedom.  Those six thousand would forever 
be remembered in history and in monuments erected in their honor all over the 
planet in the years to come.  The battle in space was an equally grand one.  The 
firefight between the Juraian star fleet and the Darklings raged on longer than 
the battle on the ground.  It took several days, and many of the Darkling ships 
escaped from the solar system.
	While all of this went on the Kryton and Tsunami waged a small war of 
their own.  They reached the base of the primary cannon of the Xevius where they 
could get into the interior of the giant battle station.  The outer surface of 
the ship was covered in super-dense armor, but the interior was specious.  
Darkling fighters that looked like nightmarish squid swarmed around the two 
attacking ships.  Their energy weapons had no effect on the Tsunami with its 
protective barrier of ten Light Hawk Wings.  Kryton launched dozens of drone 
fighters from external ports.  These small interceptors honed in on their own 
targets and demonstrated immense firepower.  Eventually the two ships reached 
the deep interior of the massive battle station and it's quantum singularity 
core.
	"Ok, this is it.  Sasami can you hear me?" Darius asked over the 
communication channel with the Tsunami.
	"I'm here." Said Sasami.  She was standing at the control podium of the 
Tsunami.
	"Alright.  See the two power regulators, they are the two large towers 
standing on either side the singularity.  I'll take out one, and you get the 
other." Darius told her.
	"Understood." Sasami replied.
	The quantum singularity core was massive.  Two huge towers hung down and 
created a magnetic field that held the singularity in place.  The singularity 
itself was a swirling maw of blackness surrounded by a super heated excretion 
disk.
	The two ships flew in and started pummeling the towers with everything 
they had.  Sasami called upon all of her power she inherited form Tsunami and 
channeled it through the ship.  Her energy beams blasted massive holes into her 
tower.  Kryton launched every piece of ordinance he was carrying.  Thousands of 
ethereal torpedoes flew into his tower.  Before long, both towers exploded with 
two tremendous blasts.  The magnetic field that held the singularity began to 
unravel.  With it gone, the gravitational and quantum forces of the singularity 
started to tear the rest of battle station apart all around them.
	"Lets get the hell out of here!" Darius shouted.  He slammed the throttle 
to full and turned into a reverse course out of the Xevius.  Sasami found to her 
horror that the Tsunami was falling into the singularity, but she calmed down 
and teleported the ship out of danger.  She met Darius outside the massive ship.
	"We need to get clear, this thing is going to go up like a super nova." 
Darius warned her.
	By this time the Xevius had drifted well clear of planet Jurai.  The 
Kryton and the Tsunami raced back to the planet at full speed.  Behind them the 
Xevius seemed to implode, and literally folded in upon itself.  Suddenly, all at 
once the great ship exploded with a titanic blast.  The shockwave overtook the 
two escaping ships and was strong enough to have been felt on Jurai.  The Kryton 
and the Tsunami survived the shockwave, but not without taking some damage.  
They then joined in the fighting between the Juraian fleet and the Darklings.
	
	Everyone else reached the palace soon after the fighting was finally over 
in the city.  The Emperor of Jurai and his two wives entered the ruins of the 
throne room and looked upon a scene that chilled them to the bone.  Ryoko was 
kneeling on the floor and cradled Tenchi's lifeless form in her arms.  She was 
sobbing inconsolably as Washu ran some kind of device over Tenchi's body.
	"Oh, no, what happened?" Fonaho asked.
	"Tenchi's hurt pretty bad, and worse of all he's in some kind of coma." 
Washu told her.
	"Tenchi, Tenchi, I can't feel you anymore, Tenchi!" Ryoko cried, her tears 
were falling and splatter over Tenchi's face.
	"Is there anything you can do for him?" Azusa asked.
	The genius stood up and shook her head.  "I can heal his wounds, but this 
coma is something different.  Its almost unnatural." She said.
	"I tried to get through to him, but even I can't penetrate the fog 
surrounding his subconscious." Orrin explained.
	"Kagato did this to him!" Ryoko cried in rage.
	"Where is little Aeka?" Misaki asked.
	Orrin looked down, as did Washu, and then Orrin said, "After he blasted 
Tenchi he grabbed Aeka and escape with her as his hostage."
	Misaki's eyes seemed to glaze over and she fainted where she stood.  
Luckily Fonaho grabbed her from behind before she hit the floor.  "Oh, oh no, my 
dearly Aeka." Fonaho said on her verge of tears.
	"We are going to plan out a way to get her back.  I tried everything I 
know to bring Tenchi out of this coma.  I believe if Aeka and Ryoko combine the 
power of their thoughts together they might be able to break through and bring 
him out of this.  Their link with him gives them an added advantage over Orrin's 
psychic powers." Said Washu.  Azusa nodded and looked around at the ruined 
throne room.
	"Must have been one hell of a fight." He said.
	"We killed the Regis." Katsuhito told him.
	"We lost a lot of good people today.  Yet now it doesn't feel like a 
victory." Azusa replied.
	"We should start working on a way to get Aeka away from Kagato." Ryoko 
said as she whipped the tears from her eyes.  She kissed Tenchi's forehead and 
laid him down slowly to the floor.
	Orrin turned to her.  "If we can find out where he went with her." He 
said.  "Leave that up to me, the most brilliant genius in the universe." Washu 
said.  She summoned her holographic laptop and started typing away like mad.
	"All we need to do is scan for her specific Jurai power signature.  She 
isn't wearing an energy signature cloaking device like Ryoko and Tenchi are, so 
we should be able to find her quickly." Washu said.
	"Please hurry, Miss Washu." Pleaded Fonaho.
	Azusa floated his hover chair over to Tenchi and he looked down at his 
battered face.  "Please, get well soon great grandson, please."  A single tear 
fell down the man's face.  He turned away, unable to look upon the face of the 
young man he once hated, and now loved like a son.

=============================
TO BE CONTINUED...

NEXT TIME...
CAHPTER TWO:  THE SLEEPER AWAKENS

The Regis is dead and Kagato has made a run for it with Aeka as his hostage.  
Tenchi is in a coma, and only Ryoko and Aeka together can bring him out of it, 
but Aeka is Kagato's captive.  What will happen now?
