Disclaimer :
Most characters in this story are property of AIC and Pioneer.
REWRITE Note : Minor revisions on the window scene and in some
inconsequential conversation on the new scene. It also adds some
additional reason to why she should trust him. That's about it.

They are in such a situation solely because of my imagination.
This story was written purely for fun.

This FF is based on the TV Series, with some powers drawn over
from the OAV, but with no Light Hawk Wings.

This story contains no sex, so please do not expect it.

Before I wrote this Fanfic, I have only read 2 Fanfics, Aikan
Muyo and To Love & To Hate. Since then I have read some others,
and have noted some writers have a tendency to portray some
characters inaccurately. I hope I have not fallen into that trap.

That's about it, I'm a simple soul at heart...

DARKNESS & LIGHT - No Need For Kova

By Zyraen

Chapter II : No Need for Emotions

"I’ll get it!" Tenchi made his way to the door.

"Hi, Tenchi, nice to see you."

Looking down, Tenchi beheld the cutest, littlest red-headed
scientist in the all of existence.

"Uh, hello, Washu," Tenchi tried hard to disguise the
simultaneous joy and fear that had risen in him. "Will you be
staying long?"

"Maybe. Maybe not." The scientist stepped in and looked
around. "Things haven’t changed much, I see." 

Ryoko and Aeka looked up from the TV simultaneously.

"Washu!"

"Yes, it’s me, girls."

Sasami’s head poked out of the kitchen.

"All right!" Her freckled face exploded into mirth. "Now
everyone’s back again! Tenchi!!"

"Right, Sasami." Rather sheepishly, Tenchi led Washu to the
storeroom door. On it someone had taped a sign saying
‘Welcome back Washu! Your room is ready!’

"Not bad," Washu said as she opened the door and looked into
the storeroom. "Same as the last time I saw it. Guess it’s time to
get settled in."

Deciding he did not want to watch as the spectral computer
materialised, Tenchi surreptitiously made his way out and
seated himself at the table, with Ryoko and Aeka both before
him, eyes glued on the TV set. Hopefully they would continue to
ignore him.

Actually, now that he thought about it, it was really strange the
way he treated Aeka and Ryoko. Both were girls he loved, he
could not fail to deny. He was absolutely certain he could not
make himself forsake either one of them, but then again that was
also true for Sasami or Mihoshi. Kiyone and Washu, well, they
felt like they could take care of themselves.

So how did his feelings for Aeka and Ryoko differ from those of
the other two?

Well, they did fight over him, and that made it different
somehow. They loved him…

But did he love them back?

Well… maybe… perhaps… yes.

Was he even worthy of their love?

Aeka. He never quite accepted the revelation that he was
Juraian royalty, and somehow never quite could see how he
could possibly match up with her. Aeka did not seem to mind,
but then again her husband was fated to be king of Jurai, a
position Tenchi was only too aware he could not fill. Not
because of his birth, though, but he just was not suited to be a
king.

Ryoko. She had made it painfully obvious that he was hers. Yet,
he was quite certain he could never live up to her expectations,
to travel with her all through space and thoroughly enjoy it. She
may be only a space pirate, but if he accepted her love, it was
only right that she got the man she wanted. Yet Tenchi knew he
belonged here on Earth, and would wind up short changing
Ryoko.

He sighed. He *was* quite unworthy.

Did he show them he loved them?

No. And he knew why he did not dare. He was afraid, the other
one would not be able to take it, then he’d lose one of them. He
could not bear that…

Which brought him to the question he most dreaded - who to
choose?

Who would he leave, breaking her heart and dignity and pride,
free to choose a worthier man?

Who would he choose, and chain forever to an wretch, too petty
to give something up for her?

Bewildered, he could only sink his face into his hands.

"Oh, hi Tenchi!" Mihoshi sang out, before Kiyone could stop
her.

"Quiet!" she hissed. "Why don’t you go see what’s on TV?"

"Urm, okay." Gingerly, Mihoshi made her way over and plonked
down beside Ryoko.

‘I really must get a device that will ring every time Kiyone and
Mihoshi visit.’ Tenchi’s mind momentarily got drawn off its
sombre topic.

Softly stepping by Tenchi, Kiyone asked softly, "Tenchi, it’s
about Aeka and Ryoko, right?"

Tenchi, face still buried in his hands, nodded imperceptibly.

"I don’t have much experience in this, but I think you’re awfully
spoilt for choice."

"That’s the problem! They’re too good for me!" an almost
inaudible whisper, almost a sob.

"Think more highly of yourself, Tenchi! Who defeated Kagato?"

"I did, I guess."

"And I’m sure you do love them."

Another nod, but much more obvious.

"Then show it to them!"

"My hands are tied, Kiyone. Love one and lose the other. Love
both and have them blow up the place." Tenchi’s voice seemed
to break.

"It’s your choice, then, I guess."

Silence.

"Humans aren’t made of stone. I learnt that today, Tenchi. It
must hurt them deeply that you not respond."

Still silence.

"Love them or lose them."

Kiyone left to sit beside Aeka, near Mihoshi, thankful that neither
Ryoko nor Aeka had interrupted her.

After a while, Kiyone felt Aeka gently nudge her wrist. Turning to
the princess, she saw an apologetic and somewhat grateful
face.

"I’m sorry about yesterday afternoon, Kiyone. I wasn’t quite
myself, you know how it is."

Kiyone did not really, but after the experience at Mos, she was
not so sure. "Don’t be too wild over Tenchi. He doesn’t like it." 

"But, Ryoko will…! Never mind. Tenchi needs time to make up
his mind, then he will understand that the only one for him is me.
I know you mean well, Kiyone, but I would prefer it if you would
not cause Tenchi so much… pain. He needs time, to see within
him." Kiyone saw Aeka almost wince as she said the word
‘time’.

"Every second cuts deeply into both of you, princess."

"Perhaps, but I am a princess, I can take it." A slight glimmer
rose in Aeka’s eye, then hardened. "But as for Ryoko, that is her
problem."

"As you wish, your Highness." Kiyone reclined back into the
couch.

Before long, Sasami came out of the kitchen to join them.

"Sasami! Would you like to sit here?" Ryoko floated up,
beckoning to the little princess.

"Sure, Ryoko! Gee, thanks," she settled down by Mihoshi as the
pirate vanished.

A little while later, Kiyone heard Ryoko’s voice whisper by her
ear.

"Psssst! Detective! I’d like a word with you!" 

Kiyone just managed not to jump up in shock. Ryoko’s mouth
had phased through the wall just behind Kiyone’s ear.

"I’m all ears."

"The door to the women’s bath."

Kiyone quickly excused herself, saying she had to go to the
bathroom, and proceeded up to the door. As she walked up she
wondered if she had been that indiscreet. She thought neither
Ryoko nor Aeka would notice. Seemed otherwise, though. 

Ryoko stood before the bathroom, just beside the wall that
could change into the dimensional portal leading to Kiyone and
Mihoshi’s apartment. 

"Look, Kiyone, about yesterday afternoon, forget that, OK?"

"I’ve never remembered it in the first place." Well, at least not the
way Ryoko means.

"I know…" Ryoko said rather lamely. "It’s just that Tenchi
means that much to me."

"I sorta figured that out myself already." Kiyone pointed out.

"Tenchi, is… a little baka at times. He does love me, I’m sure of it,
but he’s so well, shy. I know you meant well just now, but don’t
force his hand, Kiyone. Tenchi isn’t very decisive sometimes,
and I like things the way they are, with the exception of Aeka
interrupting."

"Not if they stay the way they are for another three or four
months." 

"It might be painful, a little, now," Ryoko said, sagging back on
the door, and only Mihoshi could fail to see that her ‘a little’
obviously was not that little. "He doesn’t seem to care, but he
does. And in the end I’m sure it will work out fine for me, and
then…" Ryoko hugged herself a little, trying, and succeeding at
stopping her tears, "It will be worth it. Worth the pain and the
wait."

Kiyone was not looking at Ryoko, but had turned away.

That thought is the only thing keeping Ryoko and Aeka alive.
Tenchi was right. To choose one would be to obliterate the
other. 

"Ryoko, what if…" Kiyone wanted ask if Tenchi chose Aeka, but
she stopped. "Tenchi never responds." That meant about the
same thing, though it implied Tenchi was shy.

Ryoko’s eyes burned at Kiyone, angry at her for implying what
she did, and sparks crackled on her hands, before her fury died.

"I’ll wait. I’ll have forever. I’ll wait," softly, hesitantly.

Or die in the attempt, Kiyone wanted to add.

Then Ryoko’s voice became strong. "But I’m sure he will react,
he’s human." Almost a growl. "He will, I’m sure of it."

And she was gone.

Kiyone breathed a sigh of relief and sagged against the wall.
Ryoko’s emotions were intense, and she could feel herself
almost being led on by the pirate she had once tried to arrest.

Aeka was much more reserved, but even then Kiyone could
sense what she went through was by no means insignificant
compared to Ryoko’s pain.

And they both hid it so well from Tenchi.

They would willingly go through emotional hell rather than
upset Tenchi.

Did they know? She wondered.

Tenchi has only an inkling of their agony, but did they know his
love for both of them prevented him from responding, and as
long as he loved them, he would not dare reciprocate?

Kiyone resolutely picked herself off the wall, feeling almost like a
fly peeling itself off.

Matters of the heart are so complicated. And not concerning me
at all.

Coolly and naturally, she went back downstairs and…

"Huh?" The TV was off, the living room was empty.

"They went into the Karaoke room." Someone added behind
her. Nobuyuki had specially installed a side extension room as
the Karaoke room since they returned from Jurai.

"Oh they did, did they? Thanks, Washu," Kiyone murmured.

"No problem," Washu turned back to her lab.

That’s strange, Washu usually liked a turn at the microphone
herself.

"Oh, one more thing, Kiyone." Washu stopped at the door to her
lab. "When did you become so nosy?" Seemed that everyone
had noticed Kiyone’s attempt at prodding Tenchi into action.

"I was just trying to help," Kiyone replied, trying not to seem
annoyed. Mihoshi had once told her how adorable Ryoko and
Aeka were as Kappa. "And I was concerned."

"Well, you don’t usually take an interest in these things.
Something must have happened to you, Kiyone."

"Is there?" she laughed weakly, but too late, the red had already
leapt onto her cheeks.

"Tsk, tsk. Girls nowadays." Washu waved a finger at her,
opened the door to the lab and was disappeared into the
depths.

Washu was right. Why the sudden interest? Kiyone settled on
the couch, all by herself, and tried to do some soul searching.

She wanted to see how it would be like. She wanted to know
more about how Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka felt, because she
wanted to prepare herself for it. To know more, to fill her
inadequacy in this area. Yet if the three were anybody to go by,
she would not be able to prepare herself for it.

Boyfriends were something Kiyone had lived without for most
of her life. She still remembered when Mihoshi first got, well, hurt
(to put it very mildly), how Kiyone had spent weeks, maybe
months, trying to get her out of the depression induced by some
heartless cad.

"But I was so sure he loved me!" Mihoshi had cried her heart
out, until Kiyone finally gave her a new cry to take up.

"Look, Mihoshi, we’re in this GP Academy so we can be GP
officers, and neither of us will settle for any less than that."

Mihoshi had looked blankly at her.

"Mihoshi, we are Galaxy Police personnel. We have a job to
learn, and nothing shall stand in our way."

The tactic finally brought Mihoshi back to operational status
again, at least if the daily blundering blonde could ever be called
‘operational’. Mihoshi had remembered the thought and held on
to it, hence the cry, "We are Galaxy Police Officers, danger is our
business!" which could still snap the blonde out of any
distractions from her work, not that it helped her work very
much.

As for Kiyone herself, she learnt a very important lesson. She
still remembered telling herself, "I will never let that happen to
me, I swear." And so she learnt to live with men, as colleagues,
peers, occasionally a friend, but never more than that. There
were people she might have chosen, but to look into their eyes
and see the flaming, vagrant desire and lust was something that
turned her off. She was Kiyone, she was a woman, she was NOT
someone who could be laid around and forgotten.

As she recalled the days’ events, she was surprised to note her
mind hardly focused on the attempted robbery, but rather on
him…

Why AM I thinking about him!?

You’re just grateful…

Kiyone would have liked very much to believe that, but no, it
didn’t make sense. One did not usually lay more import on the
person than on the event itself.

Well, so you like him then…

No I don’t!!

Oh? Kiyone could have sworn something was laughing at her
through her own sarcasm.

He… well, he was… different. Since Mihoshi’s first mistake, I
have always prided myself on reading people accurately, and
what I saw could hardly be mistaken or feigned, unless he had
mistaken me for someone else.

Oh, how fortunate that someone else is…

Kiyone shook her head and consigned that thought to oblivion. 

He looks at me as though I were something like a friend, yet
more than that. Like he found in me someone he could trust in
and respect. As though he would miss me if I were not by his
side, and without which me he would find life empty, like I was
someone he needed and yearned for…

Was that what love was about? It seemed awfully debilitating
and weak.

Yet there was something strange about him. His smile, the
ordinary one he gave her at the counter, fitted in perfectly with
the face, yet the softer, sweeter one…

Oh, the most tender I’ve ever seen…

Pipe down!!

Well, whatever it was, that simply did not seem, or even look,
right. Not that it was feigned, but that it just did not conform to
the lines of his face.

She recalled how he had continually kept his gaze away from
her own.

He was holding back something, and somehow, he was
frightened, afraid. Of me, and also, of himself.

Was he more than what he seemed?

I don’t know… 

And the strangest thing was how he looked at Kiyone and
Mihoshi, like he had known them for quite a while already. He
saw through how they would react, how they would think, how
they lived with each other. Though he was a stranger, Kiyone
could tell, in that simple thumbs up he gave her, he somehow
saw more in her, took more pride in her, than anyone else she
knew, even more than Tenchi or Sasami or Mihoshi or the rest,
with whom she had rode the storm that had came with Kagato
usurping the Juraian throne.

How could one love an alien thing like one had grown up with
it?

I’m letting herself be led on by imagination, was Kiyone’s
instinctual thought.

No. Kiyone was a detective, she had had to solve crimes, to tell
which was the immediate conclusion and which was an
assumption born of imagination, and this was definitely *not*
imagination. Not just the way he looked at her as he spoke her
name or when he was sneaking a look at her while she was
berating Mihoshi, but even his expression as he turned to face
Mihoshi, aglow with that detached affection just like what Tenchi
showed to Mihoshi, almost like she were a sister…

Affection nevertheless.

Almost angrily, Kiyone killed off the impulse.

"Oh, Kiyone, there you are!"

Kiyone spun around, just managing to cover up the guilty
expression on her face, and saw Sasami with Mihoshi beside
her.

"Aren’t you coming to sing?" Mihoshi added. "I love it when you
do the…"

"Not tonight, Mihoshi," Kiyone spoke, weakly. Hell, it was
mentally draining to think about those things. "Go ahead, don’t
worry about me."

"What’s wrong with you, Kiyone?" Sasami asked.

"Must be all the action earlier…" she smiled weakly.

"Come on, Kiyone," Mihoshi tried to pull her up. "At least one.
I’ve been telling them all about you and Tenchi said you simply
had to go tell him about it."

Probably because he found it a little hard to believe you, part of
Kiyone’s mind answered cynically.

"Okay, Mihoshi." The green-haired detective weakly got up and
followed them into the dark room.

The room was built in memory of where they were when they
first sung Karaoke. Pictures of stars dappled some of the walls,
and other glow-in-the-dark stars were attached to the ceiling, so
they would glow when the light went out. The first time Kiyone
came in, she was forced to admit Nobuyuki did have some
artistic talent, though it was actually Ryoko who had suggested
the idea.

Ryoko had just finished another throaty, sultry number, which
Kiyone noted was sung at expense to Aeka’s pleasure and
Tenchi’s propriety.

"Thank you, thank you." The pirate was bowing to applause, as
her yellow eyes flecked with pleasure at the Tenchi’s response,
with sweat forming on his brow.

"Yes, that was quite enough, thank you." Aeka added tartly.

Tenchi clapped rather stiffly. Ryoko appeared before him and
hugged him.

"You liked that, didn’t you, Tenchi, hmmm?" bringing her lips
close to his.

"Hey Ryoko, they’re watching!" Tenchi flailed helplessly as
anger streamed out, almost palpable, from the older princess.

As another typical scene was about to play out, Sasami quickly
nudged Kiyone.

"Quick, pick a song! Before they fight!"

Kiyone, not fancying Ryoko’s repertoire, just reached out and
picked a disc from Nobuyuki’s collection, quickly slid it in, and
pressed ‘RANDOM’.

Everyone stopped and stared as the title of a love song played
out, and everyone, except Mihoshi, half-expected Kiyone to
switch to another song. But she did not.

Kiyone embarked on a soulful rendition on the many pains and
joys of love, while everyone listened, entranced and enchanted.

For long minutes, Kiyone felt like she had opened a door to
world where it was no longer the law against the criminals, the
white against the black. It was soulful, vibrant, with myriad
colours of moods, of up and down swings, where the world was
lost in a blur of wonder and pain.

Then it closed, and Kiyone tried to reach back in, but the track
was at its end, and the magic concluded. Silence, for a moment,
with only the stars (the plastic, glow-in-the-dark ones) staring
down at Kiyone. Then thunderous applause.

"Kiyone, you were great!" Ryoko cried. "I should have thought
of doing that song for Tenchi."

"I never even knew it existed, or I would have chosen it." Aeka
commented, more reserved. "You do have excellent taste,
Kiyone."

"Kiyone, it almost seemed like you lived it all, and you meant
every word you said," Sasami congratulated.

"You were so good, Kiyone! Pick another!" Mihoshi added.

Tenchi seemed to want to say something, and thought better of
it.

"I’m tired," Kiyone said. "Besides, I’ve never heard that song
before in my entire life." The words just seemed to flow in with
the tune, she thought. "Let’s go home, Mihoshi."

"But…"

"Hey," Sasami said, "The two of you haven’t eaten the dinner I
kept for you, you know!"

"Oh, yeah," Kiyone said. "Guess, I must have forgotten. We took
a snack today, you see…"

Vivid images arose in her mind. She could almost see his odd
smile, feel again the surprised pleasure of seeing an umbrella
hanging outside the door, with the fries inside…

"Well, if you don’t eat it, who will?" Sasami added.

"Okay, we’ll stay for supper."

"Right, I’ll go get it!" Before Kiyone could stop her, the little
princess was out of the door.

"Kiyone, do sing once more! Please…" Mihoshi begged with her
hands clasped.

"I’m sorry, Mihoshi, but I’m just too tired." Kiyone sat on one of
the couches in the small room, beside Ryoko, who made space
for her and took the chance to cuddle up against Tenchi, as
Aeka went up for the next song.

Tenchi shot her a curious look. "You know, Mihoshi was telling
us just now about…"

"Please, Tenchi, give me a break. Some other time, okay? "

====================================

The moonlight shone on him as he settled comfortably onto the
bench, watching, waiting. On the road opposite him, the
apartment was dark and empty, though he was absolutely
certain he had seen the two ladies enter it. 

Could it be they had retired immediately upon entering, without
bothering with the lights?

Curiosity finally took hold of him, and he got up, putting aside
the newspaper. Swiftly he approached the building from the
right, until he came to a drainpipe. Scaling it with catlike agility,
he reached the roof in seconds and went all the way until he
was on top of her apartment. Listening for a moment to make
sure there was no sound coming from the apartment, he went
over the edge and dropped lightly to his feet, landing on the thin
window ledge. After some work, he carefully opened the
window and entered, sitting on the edge, facing inwards, so he
could back flip out, and use his feet to close the window if he
needed to.

Hmm, it was empty. For a moment he considered going in to
hunt down more photographs.

No, that would be a violation of their privacy.

An eyebrow arched up in surprise at the thought.

When did I ever bother with that…?

That doesn’t matter. I won’t enter unless I *know* for sure. 

>From here he could see, across the apartment, the door by
which they entered. Beside it was a chair, and on it an umbrella,
and an empty paper packet that might once have held fries. And
he knew, without a glimmer of doubt, they were those he had
given her.

She feels. She does feel.

He felt a warm, effusive glow within him, as he contemplated
that fact, chewed on it, absorbed it. Yes, everything about her
told him she would discard them, especially the empty packet of
fries. He did not have to check up anything beyond her file to
guess that he was maybe, just maybe, the first to, well…

He looked at where he was sitting and grinned. Yup, first to
break in.

Was it wise? He knew her job, and he was only too aware what
he was.

He had never had much time for women. From dodging and
evading the countless organisations that hunted him, he always
kept himself too busy to pick up any personal romance. Lust
had never been one of his vices, and in his disguises as others,
he had never wished to risk exposure by showing his sexual
inexperience.

What was so special about this Kiyone, anyway?

Just a few things, but he knew he did not really care about her
being Chief Inspector, top of her class, or anything. He knew it
was not beyond himself to turn down more beautiful, more
powerful women if he did not feel anything for them, but
somehow, he felt for her.

Was it her smile? Nope.

It was… her poise. Her confidence. Her style. And all the other
things that were uniquely Kiyone.

Frustrated, he knocked himself on the forehead. He was letting
himself get fuddled up by his emotions, and he had survived so
long by learning not to.

Oh, Kiyone…

Be alert! He told himself.

Then, in plain sight and right before him, beside the main door,
he saw another door materialise out of the wall.

"Shit! They’d be able to see me!"

A leap to his feet and he had vanished from the window.

"Hey, what was that?" Kiyone whispered. She thought she just
saw two shadows disappear over the top of the window directly
in front of her across the room, and her hand went instinctively
to her blaster.

"Doesn’t seem to be anything." Mihoshi looked around. "Come
on, Kiyone, you’re just tired."

Kiyone ignored her and walked over into the room, blaster at the
ready. Opening the window, then looking up and out of it,
blaster before her, Kiyone saw...

The eaves of the roof.

"I guess you’re right, Mihoshi." She relaxed a little as she looked
back in at Mihoshi staring in concern at her. "Let’s go to sleep."

On the roof, someone cursed his own stupidity.

I forgot. They know Washu.

A little later, Mihoshi was asleep, her breathing gentle and
regular. Beside her was Kiyone, tired, but nevertheless more or
less wide awake.

What am I doing awake?

It’s about him, isn’t it? She wearily asked herself. She tried to
imagine she was someone else.

Do you love him?

No. Maybe. But he is just a stranger, I must get to know him
better first.

Are you sure about this?

Well, he just sort of feels special, different.

Oh, so you’re after him because of that?

No, it’s just that…

Well, whoever he is, he’s gone. If you’re lucky, you’ll see him
tomorrow at Mos, if not, too bad. He’s just an earthling, and he
may mean well, but he…

He is more than what he seemed, I thought I already figured that
out.

The shadow…

It could be your imagination.

Well, my training as Galaxy Police Officer tells me it is better to
be cautious.

Silently, Kiyone stuffed a pillow in substitution of her leg, which
would be visible from the window. Forcing herself to be slow
and careful, she pulled herself out of her futon, taking care that
the lower half of it not move the slightest, while her right hand
held on to the blaster which she always placed by her futon
when she slept. Slowly, silently, she crept towards the room,
and before long she was just by the door to the room. Bracing
herself, she dived before the door, sideways, blaster ready…

"Kiyone?" 

Her heart skipped a beat. His voice.

No, this voice was somewhat younger.

A silhouette was seated on the window sill, with feet dangling
down into the room.

"Who are you?" She said as she sprang up, her blaster still
ready to fire. 

In the darkness, there was no way she could have seen that
hollow and yet hopeful expression on his face.

"Trust me." 

She beheld a black-gloved hand move, a little, releasing a blur of
silver that arced towards her shoulder and head.

It’s going to hit me!

Trust him.

But …

Remember he helped Mihoshi back there.

For a horrible moment, she thought she was going to give in to
her GP instincts to fire and dodge, but she gritted her teeth and
through pure will, just managed not to.

The projectile hit something just beside her shoulder, there was
a click, and a split second later the black gloved hand caught
the silver arc. Then the room was bathed in light.

He was clean shaven, with a flawless complexion, dressed in a
white shirt and light blue trousers. His arms were lean and well
muscled, with light beige skin, similar to hers. While his hair was
black, it was not combed neatly, but had a somewhat roguish
hair that had a bold fringe with centre parting that came down to
around his shoulder level, and two long sideburns that reached
down just below his collarbones. The forehead was the same,
along with the cheekbones and chin, but this person was clearly
at least five years younger than the one she had met in the
afternoon. Strangest of all, his gloved hands were empty.

Then his intense blue eyes locked with Kiyone’s green ones,
and his lips curved ever so slightly up into that sweet, youthful
smile.

It *was* him.

Apology and regret, thankfulness and joy, nervousness and
anticipation, all these emotions she could read in his eyes. She
knew too, he was reading hers, full of shock, surprise,
bewilderment, but at the same time happiness, and in a certain
way, trust…

They both closed their eyes.

"Thank you." His voice was soft, tender, and apologetic. "It
couldn’t have been easy."

"It *wasn’t*." Kiyone opened her eyes, and looked at him. His
head was bowed slightly, then his eyes opened, but though
they looked at her, they did not make direct contact. "But it must
have been difficult for you, to have a blaster trained on you,
too." She simply had to admire the way he broke in and just as
quickly created a feeling of mutual trust for both parties.

"I’m sorry. This is not a good time or place." He raised his face
and looked at her.

Something about him was familiar, like Kiyone had seen him
once, a long, long time ago, but she could not recall. "You
couldn’t help it, could you?" Kiyone asked, finally lowering her
blaster. She suddenly realised she was in her light green
pyjamas, and a blush started to rise, but somehow, she felt both
things were fine by her.

"Yes." His face was calm, and somehow sad, as he pulled off his
gloves, to reveal fingers both strong yet supple. "Why *did* you
trust me?"

There was a tense silence. "You helped me, earlier. I owe you
that, at least."

"You? Owe me?"

"Well, at least Mihoshi, then." She didn’t find herself very
convincing.

"Really…?" Nor did he, it seemed, but she wasn’t sure if the
hopefulness in his voice was for real or just a figment of her
wishful thinking.

"I’m… not sure…" Kiyone found herself backing away, both
from without and within, then just as quickly recovered herself.
"Who are you?" Kiyone asked, raising her eyes to meet his, and
suddenly she was not sure she wanted to know.

He looked sadly at her, his expression thoughtful and
questioning. "Do you really want to know?"

The night sky was behind him, and through the gap between his
head and the window frame she could see the moon hanging,
cold, somber and detached, even as his hair stirred in the night
breeze. His brow was clouded with worry, and his blue eyes
seemed to reflect her own stormy emotions.

"If you really want to know, I couldn’t lie to you."

"I…" Kiyone thought about it. "Guess I don’t really want to
know…"

He arched an eyebrow, almost in surprise.

"Yet." Kiyone finished, beginning to feel happy, inane though it
was..

"That’s more like you."

Kiyone tried to fight down the feeling that he had known her all
her life.

"But I’d like to know what to call you," she added, and finally
smiled back.

"You look wonderful like that, Kiyone."

"Thank you," she just resisted the impulse to bow. "Mister…?"
A reminder.

"Kova, Kiyone… -chan?"

Kiyone felt her cheeks burn again and resisted the impulse to
laugh. "Sure, you can call me anything you want, Kova."

"I understand that means you need to know me better first."

Kiyone knew that meant he had noticed how she did not
address him fondly too. "I’m sorry, but even if I’m a little
attracted to you," he arched his brow and grinned as she said ‘a
little’ "but you’re still, well…"

"A stranger?" He seemed to want to laugh, and Kiyone found
the prospect rather delightful.

"Well, I…" she tried to think, but couldn’t, because he was on
the verge of laughing and seemed ever so... "Why don’t you go
ahead and laugh, you!"

"Is that a special request?"

"Maybe." Kiyone tried to look imperious, like Aeka, raising her
chin up.

Kova burst out laughing, and Kiyone could not, or did not, stop
her smile from broadening widely. 

"Hmmm…" Mihoshi’s voice from outside.

"Oh no!" Kiyone’s hand went for the light switch, as the laughter
ceased and the shadow back flipped out the window. The lights
went out, and slowly, Kiyone walked out of the room, only to
find Mihoshi fast asleep.

"Humph." She looked at the peacefully slumbering form. "It’s all
your fault again."

"What is?" A whispered voice by her ear.

"Hey! That gave me a fright, you know!" she turned to face the
now mildly amused man, just a shadow now in the darkness,
moving away.

"A little surprise is good once in a while. And anyway, I like the
darkness, it suits me better." A pause. "Though I miss seeing
your face."

"Stop flattering me," Kiyone walked beside him, trying to get
further from Mihoshi in case they really woke her up, and not
really meaning what she just said. "Where were we?"

"In your apartment, in the dark, just the two of us." His white
teeth showed as he grinned.

"Hey, watch it, buster! I’m armed, you know. Anyway, what did
we last talk about?"

"Let’s see now, I believe it was about I am a stranger to you."

A painful pause. "That was not what I meant." Kiyone’s voice
was cold, hurt.

"I know." His voice was sincere.

Kiyone half expected him to put an arm around her, pull her
close and start to kiss her, as she had seen many hot-blooded
males do on TV, but he didn’t even touch her. "It’s just that I
don’t know you that well yet."

"I understand. Where shall we meet, tomorrow?"

"I expect…"

"How about near Hurashi Construction Enterprises, where
you’re working in the morning? Send Mihoshi off for lunch first,
make an excuse to stay out…?"

"No problem." She turned to look at his face, and the blue eyes
that seemed to gleam in the darkness. "Say, how come you
know so much?"

"Let’s save that for tomorrow, shall we?" A mischievous smile.

"Now wait a minute…"

"Hush," she felt a finger being placed before her lips as he
turned to face her. "The night grows deep. You need to work
tomorrow. See you at twelve." She felt him gently run his fingers
through the front of her hair, before her headband, his lips
brush gently brush her cheeks. "Good night, Kiyone-chan."

One last glimpse of his clear, loving blue eyes, then his form
sped away from her, leaving her hand reaching up to the cheek
where his lips had touched her, her face burning red.

Kiyone sighed, then walked slowly back to Mihoshi, acutely
aware how alone she was. Passing the room, she did not have
to look to know the window was closed and probably fastened.

Lying back in the futon, she tried hard to steer her thoughts
away from Kova and get to sleep. And she eventually did the
latter, though she did dream of him.

====================================

High up in space, a spacecraft was travelling towards the Solar
System. It was a light red ship, but the similarity with the Yagami
ended there. The Comet had a ring of metal about it, and was
shaped a little like Ryo-oh-ki, with tall spires of the fortress like
structure sticking out of both the bottom and top of the ring, and
was at least twice the size of the Yagami. Lasers and cannons
protruded out of the thick armour plating, and though this
particular ship was noted for its speed, it, like other SSS ships, it
was outfitted for war.

"Destination, Solar System. ETA 5 minutes."

"Now, what are your missions?"

The first one stepped forward. "Prototype code name Terminus,
model TX-Cam. Locate and secure the Tachyon Ray, or a similar
emitting device. Suggested start - keep tight surveillance on
Professor Washu. Find the spy or his ship."

The second one. "Prototype code name Satellite, model
TL-Cam. Locate and maintain surveillance over Princesses
Aeka, Sasami and Prince Yosho. If possible, capture one or all of
them."

The third and fourth one. "Prototypes code names Stellar and
Solar, models SL-cam. To stay in orbit in readiness to assist
Terminus or Satellite. Current assignment, Stellar to assist
Terminus, Solar to Satellite. Also to act as transmitter of data
back to ship Comet."

"Very well. My code name is Overlord, overseer of this
operation. Proceed."

Five minutes later, two smaller space craft left the Comet, and
sped toward the Earth.

====================================

Well, that settled that.

He was shrouded once again in the darkness he felt so
comfortable in, but a new companion followed him - loneliness.
He had always been alone, and thought it was his fate, until
now…

He was a creature of darkness, she, of light. He had no doubt
that for her, he could utterly renounce the darkness, but would
she accept him? Would the light continue to burn, to sting, and
to blind him? Would the darkness reach out its hungry tendrils
to drag him back into its abyss?

He did not know.

He heard the sounds of footsteps approaching, heavy,
stumbling ones, accompanied by loud and raucous voices,
moving into the alley, but he ignored them. Here, on this planet,
almost nothing could remotely threaten him, and so he
remained perfectly still, and continued thinking.

"Ooof!" Someone bumped into his outstretched legs, and fell
over. The reek of alcohol assailed his nostrils and he restrained
his natural reaction to strike the man a fatal backhand blow to
the neck.

I must change myself if I am to reach for her. From darkness to
light.

He watched the man clumsily get up on his feet, as voices
sounded from all around the outside.

"Hey, big brother, what happened?" A swarthy man ran to the
fallen one, helping him up.

"I tripped… Hey, there’s a bastard sitting here who did it to me!"

Not bothering to look up, he just said, "Sorry."

That’s an improvement too. Can’t remember when I last said that
when I felt I was in the right.

"What the hell you think you doing, ****er?" The half-drunk
ruffian reached for Kova’s throat, but Kova calmly stopped his
fist with his hand and shoved it back.

"I was sitting here. And please, keep your hands to yourself."

"And who do you think you are, big guy?" Waving his hand, his
men moved in. "This bastard is looking for a good hiding. Let’s
do him a favour, boys." With a drunken cheer, the men rushed
in, fists clenched, some holding broken beer bottles.

A silver blur cut through the alley and sliced through the press
of bodies.

Silence, as Kova caught the rod and kept it. Getting to his feet,
he carefully picked his way over the fallen bodies, and for a brief
moment, his thoughts wandered from Kiyone.

I could have killed you all. That you’re only unconscious is
something you owe her.

His thoughts returned to his encounter in her apartment. That
had gone better than he dared to dreamed of, but in retrospect,
he almost rather he had been mercifully blasted out of the
window. In fact, now that he was thinking of it he realised he had
almost looked forward to, even invited, the prospect. *That*
would have ended it, though it would only hurt him badly, what
with his speed, dexterity and endurance enhancements to his
body during his stint at the Science Academy.

As it was, he had got a date instead, and even got to kiss her
(sort of), which was all so marvellously beyond his expectations
that he had almost whooped for joy. Yet the dull ache deep
within him gave him misgivings, told him he was only preparing
for himself a heart-wrenching, maybe even deadly, torture. It
might be great, wonderful, fabulous, even exquisite, but torture
nevertheless.

And was it even right to subject her to such torment? To dangle
the prospect of happiness with him tantalisingly before her,
when he knew she could never attain it?

His mind reeled in his mental dilemma, he cursed himself for the
folly of making that decision on board the Yagami. He could
almost see the cage he had drawn up around himself and
Kiyone, feel the burning metal bars constrict and tighten.

NO!

His blue eyes gleamed, piercing the fabric of the night.

I have faced overwhelming odds in my life, and have risen to
overcome them. I have fought for my life and freedom with
cunning and deception, wearing false faces and gleaning
forbidden knowledge. I have beaten the greatest minds in the
universe, from the Juraian Council to the Syndicate Circle, from
the GP High Command to the Science Academy Faculty, even
the great Washu herself (Washu would have taken an instant
liking to him if only she had read his mind at this moment ^_^) to
become what I am. I *will* fight for the future she and I will share
together!

But how? The realm of heart is one I am alien to, a mystery I
never needed to solve, to unravel, to concern myself with. Yet
now, before I knew it, I have wandered far into its halls, to be
mired in its depths and lost in its mazes.

He felt his will weaken, crumbling.

Kiyone is in here, somewhere, with me. 

I may forsake my emotions, but I will *never* forsake hers!

He would have to find a way, to give his best. Love would.

=== End of Chapter ===

NOTES:
Kova is in a way, an SIed character. Pls include him in your
comments, whether I have portrayed him as a person, as a friend
or foe, as one of the gang, and most importantly, as a human being.

I hope you have enjoyed this Fanfic as much as I have typing it.
If there are any more grammar errors, I beg your forgiveness, as
my sole proofreader is myself.

This is my first FF, so go ahead and mail me at zyraen@yahoo.com
with comments, especially on character portrayal, realism.
