Disclaimer: tenchi myuo/universe is not mine and never will be because AIC
and pioneer own it (and i'm a fan fic writer who cant spell). So in summary
not mine dont sue

chapter 1 : "arrival"
Ayeka paced up and down outside the masaki house. She was anxious to meet up
with her old friend Tiy and she could tell Sasami was. The last time they
had seen him he was on the planet Auroura. Thanks to the lack of
communication between Jurai and Auroura thought the two hadn't spoken in a
while. Tiy had been betroved to Ayeka but the marridge never seemed to come
around as the two were friends and not lovers.
        "what do you think he's like now," Sasami asked. Ayeka smiled
        "I dont know," she replied. There was a light in the sky and Sasami
jumped to her feet. She stood next to Ayeka ready to greet Tiy to Earth.
Ayeka looked at the ship something was strange about it. She looked harder
and found there were two ships locked together.
      "Quick Sasami find Tenchi i dont like the look of this," Ayeka shouted
to Sasami. Sasami ran as fast as she could towards the fields. Ayeka turned
towards the house, she thought about calling Ryoko. "Ryoko come here quick i
need your help". Ryoko yawned stepping out of the house. Hearing a noise she
looked up to see two ships falling to the ground.
      "I think something isn't right," Ayeka said readying herself for a
fight. Ryoko also got ready for a fight. Tenchi came running from across the
fields
       "what's the matter Ayeka" he called running next to them. Ayeka
pointed to the sky. Tenchi pulled out the tenchi sword. The ships felll at
great speeds. The bottom ship was a dark blue ighter ship and the on above
seemed to be a brown ship one that a bounty hunter would have. The ships
slammed into the ground the bottom one being destroyed totally by the crash.
A young boy dropped in front of the group.
       "long time no see Ayeka" the boy said. He reached for his sword which
he drew quickly. The brown ship's capsule opened and a 6ft tall man stood in
front of them. e seemed alot stronger than Tiy looked. The small teen dove
forward with great speed spinning his sword forward and then slamming it
down on the man with superb accuracy. The man had predicted the move though
and was able to block the blow and fling Tiy accross the floor. Tenchi took
several steps forward
       "I think I should teach you some manners" he proclaimed elbowing the
man in the ribs and knocking him back off his balance. Ryoko disappeared
reappearing behind the tall man. She grabbed hold of his arms but he
struggled. Grasping his legs with her right leg she tripped him quickly. Tiy
flipped to his feet.
       "who is he Tiy" Ayeka questioned. Tiy turned to face her with a grim
look.
       "He's a mercenary named Darcon," the young prince said pulling his
sword to his sword. Darcon kicked Ryoko away andstood to his feet. Tiy
charged forward, as Darcon swung he ducked under it jamming the handle of
his sword in his ribs. He span it round trying to catch him. Darcon caught
hold of it and lifted the teenage prince into the air. Tiy dropped down
behind him kicking him forward. Tenchi saw his chance he swung the tenchi
sword slicing it through Darcon. Darcon split in two and fell to the floor
disappearing into oblivion. Tiy fell back slightly his breathing was heavy
and he held his right arm.
       "Tiy are you allright" Sasami called as she ran over to him. He
struggled to his feet.
       "yea I'm fine just the impact broke my arm i think," he muttered. The
prince had blue hair that stretched done just past his ears and violet
purple eyes. He looked younger than Tenchi but older than Sasami. "How are
you then Ayeka," he said with a cocky smile.

Tenchi watched Tiy suspiciously while he sat meditating. There was something
about that didn't seem right. The way he fought that fight the guy seemed to
be beaten by Tiy easily but not Ryoko. Tiy couldn't be that strong.
         "what's the matter Tenchi," Ayeka asked sitting next to him. Tenchi
sighed "nothing i was just wondering about Tiy. Is he a really good friend?"
he asked curiously. Ayeka looked at him puzzled,
     "what do you mean by that Tenchi," she answered with a slight giggle.
Tenchi than had a thought. What if Tiy could read minds. He looked over at
Tiy. The young prince opened one eye and nodded smiling. Tenchi banged his
head on the table. How could let himself get embarrased like that he felt
like such an idiot. Tiy stood up and sat next to Ayeka and Tenchi.
     "Oh I'm so sorry Tiy i never introduced you to everyone did I," Ayeka
said embarrased. "This is Tenchi...," she began.
    "Nice to meet you, Tenchi," Tiy said with a somewhat sarcastic tone. How
could he be so cocky thougt tenchi. He seems to act like he knows
everything.
      ".... and that's Ryoko, Kiyone , Mihoshi and Miss Washu." she
continued. Tiy smiled wavingat them. He had a purple t-shirt on and a
matching pair of trousers.
      "nice clothes where'd you ge them somewhere chepa i would suspect,"
Ryoko mummbled under her breath.
      "I bought thee clothes on Earth Ryoko. Unlike you i dont have to steal
things to get what i want," he answered sticking his tounge out.
       "Unlike you Tiy I'm not an idiot," she growled. TIy frowned at her.
      "I can tell that i'm going to fit in her really well," he joked.
Tenchi was glad Tiy was staying even though he had a slight suspision of
him. It meant that there was someone else to help keep the peace. Tiy smiled
at Tenchi and Tenchi smiled back.
      "But I dont know where you will sleep." Ayeka replied. Tiy seemed to
be a little off on the subject.
      "I dont sleep," he replied sternly the smile gone from his face, "I
think it's a waste of time to be honest and seeing as though i don't need to
sleep i might aswell not sleep." Ayeka nodded. Tenchi smiled it was a good
thing he didn't sleep where wold he stay no one else would give up their
rooms for him."If it's alright with you I'd like to take a strole about
outside have a look about." He quickly picked up his sword and a small
backpack and went out of the house and towards the forest.

Tiy sat on the rock by the waterfall. This was the perfect spot as no one
was around for miles and the masaki house was far away. He dropped the
backpack on the floor. Opening the bag he revealed a small computer. He
pressed several buttons on it and opened a web link with a base on the dark
side of the moon. The screen flicked and a soilder answered the com link.
Tiy smiled "put me through to General Xenon, tell him it's Neon." The
soilder disappeared off screen and soon he returned with General Xenon.
      "Neon my trustworthy assasin i hope everything is going to plan,"
General Xenon questioned.
      "Not exactly, not only is there Juraian family members but also space
pirate Ryoko, two galaxy police officers and some scientific genius," He
answered "tougher than i thought i may need some help,"
       "Of course you will not Neon damn it you destroyed Darcon the bounty
hunter did you not," Xenon sneered "and you are a prince of Auroura aswell
as a Dark assasin," Tiy nodded. "then you will cpture the two princesses
Sasami and Ayeka and in the process bring me Washu." Tiy nodded
disagreeently. The com link cut off. Tiy looked at his situation. Auroura
would be destroyed if he didn't do this but now he had to defy his own
friends and some innocent people he only just met. He need to do something
but at themoment he couldn't. It was best to play both sides untill
something became clear.

TO BE CONTINUED

Autour note : This is my first fan fic for a while so I am a little rusty so
be nice. E-mail me about anything you want to see or if you want to become a
pre reader and be mentioned in my credits. And send me your ratins of this
episode please I need to know weather I can improve or not.
