Author's Note: This is just basically the other half of No Need for Motherly
Love, that is why it is so short. No Need for Motherly was one chapter, but
instead I made it two chapters.

Older Ryoko sat down on the couch in the living room with her daughter
beside
her. Izuki had a worried look on her face. Ayeka, Young Ryoko, Sasami,
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, Tenchi, Grandfather, and Noboyuki sat by there two
vistor from the future.

Older Ryoko: Oh, Izuki! I am sorry that you are being charged as the most
wanted crimnal in the universe. It is just that, you have been accused of
destroying all of Planet Jurai. We try to tell them that you would never
blow
up a planet, but they are placinng you under arrest. They asked me to go
into
the past and make you come back to the future.

Izuki: Mother, why are they doing this? What are they trying to achieve? I
know I am powerful enough to destroy any planet, but why must they suspect
me
of doing something I didn't even do?

Washu: This is very interesting, Jurai was destroy after the Dark Shadow was
defeated. And I only gave power for you to destroy planets Izuki. Unless,
there must be something else happening, but who can do this? Who has that
strength?

Ayeka: But who would destroy Jurai? It was such a nice planet? I mean it was
my planet that persevered life for all te creatures. I cannot believe a
cruel
soul would do such a thing.

Ryoko: Well, all I can say is goodby Jurai! This is for good!

Ayeka: How can you do this? This is my planet!

Ryoko: Put a sock in it princess!

Tenchi: This is so weird, I didn't even know Jurai was gone!

Sasami: Is my mother and father okay? Didi they survive.

Older Ryoko: Yes Sasami, they did survive.

Everyone except Young Ryoko was sadden by this event. Ryoko floated above
everyone and sighed. No one knew what to do in a time like this. Sadden and
silent, everyone knew who destroyed Jurai. Everyone pointed at Izuki.

Tenchi: It was you Izuki!

Izuki: Wha...what do you mean?

Tenchi: Washu, the only reason you let Izuki come here is so she can hide
from the Galaxy Police. And there really isn't no such thing as any Dark
Shadow is there?

Washu: Well, no! But nice story though, huh? (sweatdrop)

Tenchi: And Izuki, you destroyed Jurai for a reason.....

Izuki: SO WHAT IF I DID DESTROY JURAI! BIG DEAL? GOODBYE ANYWAYS! THAT
STUPID
PLANET!!!!!!!!

Young Ryoko: And I was doing that all along.....

Ayeka: She does resemble you, a lot!

Washu: Look, I am sorry I lied to you all, but my goodness! Izuki has
Ryoko's
blood! So what?

Izuki: No that is not why I destroyed Jurai. You see my younger sister, she
was accepted into Jurai's court and me, they didn't want me, just because I
resemble the space pirate Ryoko. (starts to cry)

Tenchi: (put his hand on Izuki's shoulder) Don't worry Izuki, there must be
a
way to create Jurai again. Don't worry, it will all work out!

Izuki: I hope so, because I am planning on destroying the universe!

* * * * *

Tenchi: Izuki wants to destroy the universe. She planned on destroying it
today, but will we turn Izuki in to the Galaxy Police or will we go through
space again and tr to save Jurai? Coming up next is No Need for another
Adventure! Oh great, not again!

Ayeka: It's unquestionably Deja Vu!
